Live from Death Row , published in May 1995 , is a collection of memoirs by American former death row inmate Mumia Abu - Jamal .
Professor Palmboom ( literally translated as Professor Palm Tree ) is a comic album series written and drawn by Dutch artist Dick Briel .
Yawara ! ( also stylized as YAWARA ! ) is a Japanese manga series by Naoki Urasawa which ran in Big Comic Spirits from 1986 to 1993 .
Honoré de Balzac 's Splendeurs et misères des courtisanes , translated either as The Splendors and Miseries of Courtesans or as A Harlot High and Low , was published in four parts from 1838 - 1847 .
`` The Beast in the Cave '' is a short story by American horror fiction writer H. P. Lovecraft .
The Common Sense Book of Baby and Child Care written by Benjamin Spock , is a manual on infant and child care first published in 1946 .
What Mad Universe is a science fiction novel , written in 1949 by the American author , Fredric Brown .
`` A Child in the Dark , and a Foreign Father '' is a short story written by the iconic Australian writer and poet , Henry Lawson .
The Horatians and the Curiatians ( Die Horatier und die Kuriatier ) is a Lehrstück ( `` Schulstück '' in the collected plays ) by the German dramatist Bertolt Brecht written in collaboration with Margarete Steffin in 1933 - -34 .
Flaubert 's Parrot is a novel by Julian Barnes that was shortlisted for the Booker Prize in 1984 and won the Geoffrey Faber Memorial Prize the following year .
A Case of Two Cities is Qiu Xiaolong 's fourth Inspector Chen novel ( after 2004 's When Red Is Black ) .
Put Down Your Whip , also translated as Lay Down Your Whip ( Chinese : 放下你的鞭子 ; pinyin : Fàngxià nǐde biānzi ) , was a 1931 Chinese street play written by Chen Liting during the Republican era , who drew inspiration from the earlier play Meiniang by Tian Han .
Dear Daddy is a 1976 play written by English playwright Denis Cannan , first staged at the Ambassadors Theatre in London 's West End .
Mindbend is a novel by the author Robin Cook , first published in 1985 .
The Care of Time ( 1981 ) is the last novel by British spy fiction writer Eric Ambler .
My Night with Reg is a play by British playwright Kevin Elyot which was produced in 1994 by the Royal Court Theatre , London , directed by Roger Michell .
The Need for Roots : prelude towards a declaration of duties towards mankind ( French : L'Enracinement , prélude à une déclaration des devoirs envers l'être humain ) is a book by Simone Weil .
The Unholy Pilgrim is a historical novel , written by R.F. Tapsell and published in 1968 , which is set in turbulent 13th - century Europe during the High Middle Ages , and follows the adventures of Tancred of Varville .
Studies from an Eastern Home ( 1913 ) is an autobiographical book written by Sister Nivedita .
The Country of the Pointed Firs is an 1896 short story sequence by Sarah Orne Jewett which is considered by some literary critics to be her finest work .
My Real Children is a 2014 alternate history novel by Jo Walton , published by Tor Books .
Between Past and Future is book written by German philosopher Hannah Arendt .
`` The Ghost of the Grotto '' is a 26-page funny animal comic book story written , drawn , and lettered by Carl Barks .
Charity Girl is a Regency romance novel by Georgette Heyer , first published in 1970 .
Planet Tad is a 2012 comedic children 's novel by Tim Carvell .
End the Fed is a 2009 book by Congressman Ron Paul of Texas .
Fabulous Nobodies is the first novel by Australian author and fashion journalist Lee Tulloch .
The Crossover is a 2014 children 's book by American author Kwame Alexander and the winner of the 2015 Newbery Medal and Coretta Scott King Award Honor .
Den sista cigaretten ( lit . The Last Cigarette ) is the twelfth novel by Swedish author Klas Östergren .
Loranga , Masarin och Dartanjang is a Swedish children 's fiction book written by Barbro Lindgren and published in 1969 .
The Last Templar is a 2005 novel by Raymond Khoury , and also is his debut work .
The Bathhouse ( Баня , Banya ) is a play by Vladimir Mayakovsky written in 1929 , for the Meyerhold Theatre .
The Red Napoleon ( 1929 ) is a novel by Floyd Gibbons predicting a Soviet conquest of Europe and invasion of America .
King Lear is a tragedy written by William Shakespeare .
The Water of the Hills ( L'eau des Collines ) is the collective name for two novels by Marcel Pagnol .
Muddle Earth is a children 's novel by Paul Stewart , published in 2003 , and illustrated by Chris Riddell .
Madeline and the Bad Hat is an illustrated children 's novel by Ludwig Bemelmans featuring the popular children 's character Madeline .
The Colonizer and the Colonized ( French : Portrait du colonisé , précédé par Portrait du colonisateur ) is a well - known nonfiction book of Albert Memmi , published in French in 1957 and in English at first in 1965 .
Social Theory and Social Structure ( STSS ) was a landmark publication in sociology by Robert K. Merton .
The Loveday Loyalty is the seventh book in the Loveday series written by Kate Tremayne .
Fine Clothes to the Jew is a 1927 poetry collection by Langston Hughes published by Alfred A. Knopf .
The Man Who Smiled ( original : Mannen som log ) is a novel by Swedish crime - writer Henning Mankell , and is the fourth in the Inspector Wallander series , although the English translations have not been published in chronological order .
The Utopian language is the language of the fictional land of Utopia , as described in Thomas More 's Utopia .
The Secret Intensity of Everyday Life is a novel by the British playwright , novelist and Oscar nominated screenwriter William Nicholson .
Diary of a Bad Year is a book by South African - born Nobel laureate J. M. Coetzee .
The Legacy of Luna is a book written by Julia Butterfly Hill about her experiences while protecting a tree named Luna .
The Boy Who Lost His Face ( ISBN 0 - 679 - 88622 - 2 ) is a novel by Louis Sachar .
I Hate Hamlet is a comedy - drama written in 1991 by Paul Rudnick .
Driving Like Crazy is a 2009 book by P. J. O'Rourke about the automobile .
`` The Red Peri '' is a science fiction novella by Stanley G. Weinbaum that first appeared in the November 1935 issue of Astounding Stories .
Kvachi Kvachantiradze ( Georgian : ) is a novel written by Mikheil Javakhishvili in 1924 .
One of the Family ( 1993 ) was the last novel written by Monica Dickens , great granddaughter of Charles Dickens .
Lady Oracle is a novel by Margaret Atwood that parodies Gothic romances and fairy tales .
The Rules of Survival ( 2006 ) , is a novel by Nancy Werlin .
Back to the Moon was Homer Hickam 's first book - length fiction , published in June 1999 .
Daughter of Fortune ( original Spanish title Hija de la fortuna ) is a novel by Isabel Allende , and was chosen as an Oprah 's Book Club selection in February 2000 .
The Wee Free Men is a 2003 comic fantasy novel by Terry Pratchett , which takes place in his Discworld setting .
The Nightly News is a six - issue American comic book limited series written and drawn by Jonathan Hickman and published by Image Comics .
Post Oaks & Sand Roughs is a semi - autobiographical adventure novel by Robert E. Howard .
Political Fictions is a 2001 book of essays by Joan Didion on the American political process .
Ailleurs are the transcripts of a series of interviews between Jean - Louis Ezine and the French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio .
Le Livre des fuites was written in French by French Nobel laureate writer J. M. G. Le Clézio and translated into English as The Book of Flights :
Pretty Little Mistakes is a book written by Heather McElhatton and published on May 1 , 2007 by HarperCollins .
Dr. Adder is a dark science fiction novel by K. W. Jeter set in a future where the United States has largely broken down into reluctantly cooperating enclaves run by a wide variety of strongmen and warlords , with a veneer of government control that seems largely interested in controlling technology .
White Buildings was the first collection ( 1926 ) of poetry by Hart Crane , an American modernist poet , critical to both lyrical and language poetic traditions .
English Passengers ( ISBN 0 - 385 - 49744-X ) is a 2000 historical novel written by Matthew Kneale , which won that year 's Whitbread Book Award and was shortlisted for the Booker Prize and the Miles Franklin Award .
Ramona is an 1884 American novel written by Helen Hunt Jackson .
`` The Mad Moon '' is a science fiction short story by Stanley G. Weinbaum , first published in the December 1935 issue of Astounding Stories .
Alexandr v tramvaji is one of the best - known works of author Pavel Řezníček .
Into the Slave Nebula is a science fiction novel written by John Brunner and first published in 1968 .
The Waste Land is a long poem by T. S. Eliot .
Éloa , ou La sœur des anges ( Éloa , or the Sister of the Angels ) , published in 1824 ( see 1824 in poetry ) , is Alfred de Vigny 's epic tripartite philosophic poem of Eloa , an innocent angel who falls in love with a stranger at odds with God .
The Case of Sergeant Grischa ( 1927 ) is a war novel by the German writer Arnold Zweig .
Salvation on Sand Mountain is a 1995 non - fiction book by Dennis Covington .
The Dastard is the twenty - fourth book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony .
Entdeckung der blauen Grotte auf der Insel Capri ( Discovery of the Blue Grotto on the Isle of Capri ) is an 1838 book by German writer and painter August Kopisch in which he describes his 1826 rediscovery of the Blue Grotto in Capri together with his friend Ernest Fries .
ODTAA ( 1926 ) by John Masefield ( 1878 - -1967 ) is an adventure novel first published in February 1926 .
Uusi Runo is a 1943 poetry collection by Finnish poet Aaro Hellaakoski .
The Miracle of the Rose ( in French : Miracle de la rose ) is a 1946 book by Jean Genet about experiences as a detainee in Mettray Penal Colony and Fontevrault prison - although there is no direct evidence of Genet ever having been imprisoned in the latter establishment .
Here Be Dragons is a historical novel written by Sharon Kay Penman published in 1985 .
The Fifth Sacred Thing is a 1993 post - apocalyptic novel written by Starhawk .
The Prince ( Italian : Il Principe ( il ˈprintʃipe ) ) is a 16th - century political treatise by the Italian diplomat and political theorist Niccolò Machiavelli .
Dibs in Search of Self is a book by clinical psychologist and author Virginia Axline published in 1964 .
A Plea for Captain John Brown is an essay by Henry David Thoreau .
Supreme Courtship is a 2008 novel by Christopher Buckley , which tells the story of a Judge Judy - style TV judge nominated to the Supreme Court of the United States .
Scepticism and Animal Faith ( 1923 ) is a later work by Spanish - born American philosopher George Santayana .
High Brows is a 1929 novel by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall .
Executive Power is Vince Flynn 's fifth novel , and the fourth to feature Mitch Rapp , an American agent that works for the CIA as an operative for a covert counter terrorism unit called the `` Orion Team . ''
The Prose Works , or Prose Works Other than Science and Health , is a single - volume compendium of the key works of Mary Baker Eddy , the founder of Christian Science , outside of its denominational textbook .
The Surrogates is a five - issue comic book limited series written by Robert Venditti , drawn by Brett Weldele , and published by Top Shelf Productions from 2005 to 2006 .
`` A Winter amid the Ice '' ( French : Un hivernage dans les glaces ) is an 1855 short adventure story by Jules Verne .
Doctor Wortle 's School , alternatively Dr. Wortle 's School or Dr Wortle 's School , published in 1881 , is a novel by Anthony Trollope , his fortieth book .
Henry and the Paper Route is a book that was written by Beverly Cleary and illustrated by Louis Darling .
Anatomy of Gray is a play by Jim Leonard set in the 1880s .
The Geographica ( Ancient Greek : Γεωγραφικά Geōgraphiká ) , or Geography , is an encyclopedia of geographical knowledge , consisting of 17 ' books ' , written in Greek by Strabo , an educated citizen of the Roman empire of Greek descent .
Young Lonigan is a 1932 novel by James T. Farrell .
The Women 's History of the World ( ISBN 0 - 586 - 08886 - 5 ) is a book about women 's history written by British author Rosalind Miles and first published in 1988 .
Everyone Says Hello is a BBC Audiobooks original audiobook written by Dan Abnett and based on the British science fiction television , Doctor Who spin - off series Torchwood .
The Lad and the Lion is an adventure novel by Edgar Rice Burroughs , written in February 1914 .
Paper Lion is a 1966 non - fiction book by American author George Plimpton .
The Zürau Aphorisms ( German : Die Zürauer Aphorismen ) are 109 aphorisms of Franz Kafka , written from September 1917 to April 1918 and published by his friend Max Brod in 1931 , after his death .
Return of the Sorceress is a fantasy novel by Tim Waggoner published in November 2004 , and set in the world of Dragonlance , and based on the Dungeons & Dragons role - playing game .
Adolphe is a classic French novel by Benjamin Constant , first published in 1816 .
Walking to Babylon is a 1998 novel by Kate Orman in the Virgin New Adventures series featuring the fictional archaeologist Bernice Summerfield ( known as Benny ) .
`` I Kissed a Girl '' is a song recorded by American singer Katy Perry for her second studio album , One of the Boys ( 2008 ) .
The Abbreviacion of Statutis ( 1519 ) , of which fifteen editions appeared before 1625 , is a book by John Rastell .
The Return of the Native is Thomas Hardy 's sixth published novel .
Slapping the Table in Amazement ( Chinese : 初刻拍案驚奇 ) is a collection of vernacular short stories , written by Ling Mengchu ( 1580 - -1644 ) .
See You Tomorrow is a critically acclaimed novel by Norwegian author Tore Renberg .
Henry IV , Part 2 is a history play by William Shakespeare , believed written between 1596 and 1599 .
Questions of Travel is a 2012 novel by Australian author Michelle de Kretser .
The Letters of J. R. R. Tolkien ( ISBN 0 - 618 - 05699 - 8 ) is a selection of J. R. R. Tolkien 's letters published in 1981 , edited by Tolkien 's biographer Humphrey Carpenter assisted by Christopher Tolkien .
The Towers of Trebizond is a novel by Rose Macaulay ( 1881 - -1958 ) .
Prison Memoirs of an Anarchist is Alexander Berkman 's account of his experience in prison in Western Penitentiary of Pennsylvania , in Pittsburgh , from 1892 to 1906 .
Hotel World is a postmodern novel , influenced by modernist novels , written by Ali Smith .
`` Miss Temptation '' is a short story written by Kurt Vonnegut , published in The Saturday Evening Post in 1956 .
The Jessica Darling books are a The New York Times bestselling series of five young adult novels by Megan McCafferty , published between 2001 and 2009 .
Captain Pugwash is a fictional pirate in a series of British children 's comic strips and books created by John Ryan .
Armageddon 's Children is the first novel in Terry Brooks ' fantasy trilogy The Genesis of Shannara , which bridges the events of Brooks ' Word and Void trilogy with his Shannara series .
Scottish Folk Tales is a 1976 anthology of 18 fairy tales from Scotland that have been collected and retold by Ruth Manning - Sanders .
Kissing the Gunner 's Daughter is a 1992 novel by the British mystery writer Ruth Rendell , featuring the recurring character Inspector Reg Wexford .
Betelguese , a Trip Through Hell is a 1908 lyrical poem book written by Jean Louis De Esque .
`` Triumphs of a Taxidermist '' is an 1894 short story by British writer H. G. Wells .
The House of Silk is a Sherlock Holmes novel written by British author Anthony Horowitz , published on 1 November 2011 in the United States and Europe .
Bazaar - e - Husn ( Urdu : بازارٍ حسن‎ ) or Seva Sadan ( Hindi : सेवासदन ) is a Hindustani novel by Munshi Premchand .
The Pro Tito Annio Milone ad iudicem oratio ( Pro Milone ) is a speech made by Marcus Tullius Cicero on behalf of his friend Titus Annius Milo .
The Sunne in Splendour is a historical novel written by Sharon Kay Penman .
`` The Crate '' is a short story by Stephen King , first published in the July 1979 issue of Gallery .
Bridge of Scarlet Leaves is a 2012 novel by Kristina McMorris , set during the Japanese American internment of World War II . McMorris has stated that she was inspired to write the book due to her own mixed heritage and decided to call the book Bridge of Scarlet Leaves after reading a Japanese haiku .
Death to the French is a 1932 novel of the Peninsular War during the Napoleonic Wars , written by C. S. Forester , the author of the Horatio Hornblower novels .
The Plains of Passage is an historical fiction novel by Jean M. Auel published in 1990 .
Castle Richmond is the third of five novels set in Ireland by Anthony Trollope .
Diaries of an Internet Lover is a book by TV Presenter and Journalist Dawn Porter .
Eye of the Needle is a spy thriller novel written by Welsh author Ken Follett .
Mistr Kampanus ( román ) is a Czech history novel , written by Zikmund Winter .
Memories of My Melancholy Whores ( Spanish : Memoria de mis putas tristes ) is a novella by Gabriel García Márquez .
Myths and Legends of Babylonia and Assyria is a book by Donald Alexander Mackenzie published in 1915 .
Blaze of Silver is a 2007 young adult historical novel by K M Grant and the final book in the De Granville Trilogy .
Mistress Nell Gwyn is the title of the New York edition of an historical novel by the British writer Marjorie Bowen .
Practical Mysticism is a book written by Evelyn Underhill and first published in 1915 .
Muslims believe the Quran was verbally revealed by God to Muhammad through the angel Gabriel ( Jibril ) , gradually over a period of approximately 23 years , beginning on 22 December 609 CE , when Muhammad was 40 , and concluding in 632 , the year of his death .
Perebendya ( Ukrainian : Перебендя ) is a poem by Taras Shevchenko about the blind itinerant Ukrainian bard ( Kobzar ) .
The Turn of the Screw , originally published in 1898 , is a gothic ghost story novella written by Henry James .
Line War is a 2008 science fiction novel by Neal Asher .
Memories of the Ford Administration is a 1992 novel by John Updike published by Knopf .
Brother Fish is a novel written by Bryce Courtenay that was published in 2004 .
The Pork Butcher is a novel by English writer David Hughes , first published in 1984 , and winner of the 1984 Welsh Arts council prize and the 1985 WH Smith Literary Award .
True Devotion to Mary is a book by Saint Louis de Montfort on the Roman Catholic theme of devotion to the Blessed Virgin Mary .
A Small Place in Italy is a travel memoir and autobiographical novel written by Eric Newby , author of The Last Grain Race and Slowly Down the Ganges .
The Island of the Colorblind is a book by neurologist Oliver Sacks about achromatopsia on the Micronesian atoll of Pingelap .
Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens is a novel by J. M. Barrie , published in 1906 ; it is one of four major literary works by Barrie featuring the widely known literary character he created , Peter Pan .
Be More Chill is a science fiction novel published in 2004 by American author Ned Vizzini .
Torch Song Trilogy is a collection of three plays by Harvey Fierstein rendered in three acts :
Kulliyaat - e - Jamal ( Urdu : کُلیاتِ جمال‎ ) is a collection of complete poetry work by Jamal Ehsani , a Pakistani poet .
Volume Two , Into the Sun & Other Stories is a collection of science fiction short stories by Robert Duncan Milne and edited by Sam Moskowitz .
My Heart 's in the Highlands is a 1789 song and poem by Robert Burns sung to the tune Failte na Miosg .
Confessions of an Actor is Laurence Olivier 's autobiography .
`` A Dynamical Theory of the Electromagnetic Field '' is the third of James Clerk Maxwell 's papers regarding electromagnetism , published in 1865 .
A Crazy Occupation is a memoir by Australian journalist Jamie Tarabay , describing her experience as a foreign correspondent for the Associated Press during the Second Intifada .
The Baritone Wore Chiffon is the second book in Mark Schweizer 's St. Germaine mystery series .
Podkayne of Mars is a science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein , originally serialised in Worlds of If ( November 1962 , January , March 1963 ) , and published in hardcover in 1963 .
The Cat 's Quizzer is a children 's book written and illustrated by Theodor Geisel under the pen name Dr. Seuss and published by Random House on August 12 , 1976 .
The Caryatids is a science fiction novel by American writer Bruce Sterling , published in 2009 .
`` Little Bear Bongo '' is a children 's story written by Sinclair Lewis .
Polaroids from the Dead is a collection of short stories and essays by Douglas Coupland .
Love Is ... is the name of a comic strip created by New Zealand cartoonist Kim Casali ( née Grove ) in the 1960s .
Bush in Babylon is a book by the historian Tariq Ali , that attacks the 2003 invasion of Iraq .
The Unicorn Series is a young - adult fantasy novel series by Tanith Lee .
Anthills of the Savannah is a 1987 novel by Nigerian writer Chinua Achebe .
Road Hogs was written by Erick Wujcik , and was published by Palladium Books in 1987 as a 48-page book .
An Indian Study of Love and Death ( 1908 ) is a book written by Sister Nivedita .
The Girl from Hollywood is an Edgar Rice Burroughs contemporary fiction novel .
`` Ole Lukøje '' ( Danish : Ole Lukøje ) is a literary fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen based upon a folk tale telling of a mysterious mythic creature of the Sandman who gently takes children to sleep and , depending on how good or bad they were , shows them various dreams .
Florentine Histories ( Italian : Istorie fiorentine ) is a historical account by Italian Renaissance political philosopher and writer Niccolò Machiavelli , first published posthumously in 1532 .
The Coming of the Terraphiles is a Doctor Who novel written by Michael Moorcock , featuring the Eleventh Doctor and Amy Pond .
Fascism Viewed from the Right is a book by Italian esoteric writer Julius Evola about the Fascist movement of Italy .
The Reivers , published in 1962 , is the last novel by the American author William Faulkner .
Captain Jan ( Dutch : Hollands Glorie ) is a 1940 novel by Dutch writer Jan de Hartog .
Hole in My Life is an American autobiography of Jack Gantos and was published by Macmillan Publishers in 2002 .
Political Order in Changing Societies is a 1968 book by Samuel P. Huntington dealing with changes in political systems and political institutions .
Diary of a Wimpy Kid is a satirical realistic fiction novel by Jeff Kinney .
If Only It Were True ( original title : Et si c'etait vrai ... ) is French author Marc Levy 's first novel , released in 1999 .
My Philosophical Development is a book written by Bertrand Russell summing up his philosophical beliefs and how they changed during his life .
The World Factbook ( ISSN 1553 - 8133 ; also known as the CIA World Factbook ) is a reference resource produced by the Central Intelligence Agency with almanac - style information about the countries of the world .
The Screwtape Letters is a Christian apologetic novel by C. S. Lewis .
The Wrench , published in the US under the title of The Monkey 's Wrench , was one of Primo Levi 's collections of stories ( another being The Periodic Table ) .
The Moneychangers is a 1975 novel written by Arthur Hailey .
The Reason for God ( 2008 ) is a book and DVD on Christian apologetics by Timothy J. Keller , a scholar and founding of Redeemer Presbyterian Church in New York City .
The Formation of the Economic Thought of Karl Marx : 1843 to Capital ( French : La formation de la pensée économique de Karl Marx : de 1843 à la rédaction du `` Capital '' ) is a 1967 book about the economic theories of Karl Marx by Ernest Mandel .
Brotherband is a series of fantasy novels written by Australian author John Flanagan .
A Foreign Woman ( Russian : Иностранка ) is a novel by the Russian writer Sergei Dovlatov .
Three Dialogues between Hylas and Philonous is a book written by George Berkeley in 1713 .
Executive Order 10925 , signed by President John F. Kennedy on March 6 , 1961 , required government contractors to `` take affirmative action to ensure that applicants are employed and that employees are treated during employment without regard to their race , creed , color , or national origin . ''
The Two Georges is an alternate history novel co - written by science fiction author Harry Turtledove and Oscar - winning actor Richard Dreyfuss .
Les Vingt et un Jours d'un neurasthénique is an expressionist novel by the French writer Octave Mirbeau , published by Charpentier - Fasquelle in August 1901 .
Pnin ( Russian pronunciation : ( pnjin ) ) is Vladimir Nabokov 's 13th novel and his fourth written in English ; it was published in 1957 .
The Kew Letters ( also known as the Circular Note of Kew ) were a number of letters , written by stadtholder William V , Prince of Orange between 30 January and 8 February 1795 from the `` Dutch House '' at Kew Palace , where he temporarily stayed after his flight to England on 18 January 1795 .
Random Acts of Senseless Violence is a dystopian and speculative fiction novel by Jack Womack .
The Blackstone Chronicles is a serialized novel by American horror and suspense author John Saul .
The Soul of the Robot is the sixth science fiction novel by Barrington J. Bayley , featuring the character Jasperodus from his 1956 story `` Fugitive '' .
Published in 2004 by Penguin Books , Adrian Mole and the Weapons of Mass Destruction is Sue Townsend 's sixth full Adrian Mole novel ( as opposed to and the Small Amphibians and the Guardian serial ) .
Send Him Victorious is a political thriller , written in 1968 by Andrew Osmond ( a former officer of Gurkha troops and diplomat ) and Douglas Hurd ( another former diplomat who later became a MP and Cabinet minister .
Disney Fairies debuted September 2005 , when Disney Publishing Worldwide unveiled the novel Fairy Dust and the Quest for the Egg , written by Newbery Honor - winning author Gail Carson Levine with a US$ 1 million marketing and publicity campaign and a virtual world .
Moonlight on the Avenue of Faith is the second novel from Gina B. Nahai and follows the story of Lili and her mother 's mysterious disappearance .
1080 recetas de cocina ( English title : 1080 Recipes ) is a 1972 Spanish cookbook written by Spanish food writer Simone Ortega and published by Alianza Editorial ; it has since been updated and maintained by Ortega and her daughter Inés .
In Praise of Hard Industries is a book about the economic impact of fewer manufacturing jobs in the United States written by Irish journalist and author Eamonn Fingleton .
The Courageous Turk , or Amurath I is a play by the Jacobean dramatist Thomas Goffe , first performed in 1618 and published posthumously in 1632 .
`` Studio 5 , The Stars '' is a short story by British author J. G. Ballard , first appearing in the February 1961 edition of Science Fantasy ( Volume 15 , Number 43 ) ; it was reprinted in the collection Billennium the following year .
Slow Learner is the 1984 published collection of five early short stories by the American novelist Thomas Pynchon , originally published in various sources between 1959 and 1964 .
Flynn of the Inland is a biography by Ion Idriess of John Flynn , founder of the Royal Flying Doctors service .
The Gospel According to Larry is a `` coming of age '' political , romantic teen novel by Janet Tashjian that explores anti - consumerism .
Mimì Bluette ... fiore del mio giardino ( Mimì Bluette ... flower of my garden ) is a novel written by Guido da Verona in 1918 .
Man Descending is a collection of short stories written by Saskatchewan - born writer Guy Vanderhaeghe .
Sketches of Rome is Apollon Maykov 's second book of poetry , published in 1847 .
The Death Gate Cycle is a seven - part series ( heptalogy ) of fantasy novels written by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman .
The Society of the Spectacle ( French : La société du spectacle ) is a 1967 work of philosophy and Marxist critical theory by Guy Debord .
The Sexual Life of Catherine M. by the art critic Catherine Millet was published in the author 's native French in 2001 .
A Mirror for Witches is a 1928 novel by American author Esther Forbes , dealing with the witch hunt in 17th Century New England .
Towards the Last Spike was written in 1952 by Canadian poet E. J. Pratt .
Psychoshop is a science fiction novel begun by Alfred Bester , who died in 1987 , and finished by Roger Zelazny .
Rhondda Roundabout ( 1934 ) was the first published novel by the Welsh writer Jack Jones .
The Watertower is a 1994 young adult 's picture book written by Australian author Gary Crew and illustrated by Steven Woolman .
Child Whispers ( published in 1922 ) is the first published work of the English children 's author Enid Blyton , illustrated by her childhood friend and collaborator Phyllis Chase .
A Leaf in the Storm , a Novel of War - Swept China is a 1941 novel by Lin Yutang , in effect a sequel to his Moment in Peking .
Isaac 's Universe is a fictional universe created by Isaac Asimov for other science fiction writers to use as a setting .
`` The Hedgehog and the Fox '' is an essay by philosopher Isaiah Berlin .
Kocharethi ( കൊച്ചരേത്തി ) is a Malayalam novel by Narayan , often described as Kerala 's first tribal novelist , that was published in 1998 .
The Muqaddimah , also known as the Muqaddimah of Ibn Khaldun ( Arabic : مقدّمة ابن خلدون‎ ) or Ibn Khaldun 's Prolegomena ( Ancient Greek : ἡ Προλεγόμενα ) , is a book written by the Ifriqiyan Muslim Arab historian Ibn Khaldun in 1377 which records an early view of universal history .
Le Vin de solitude , published in English as The Wine of Solitude , is a novel by Russian Jewish author Irène Némirovsky ( 1903 -- 1942 ) , who died in the Holocaust .
Italian Hours is a book of travel writing by Henry James published in 1909 .
Hardboiled & Hard Luck ( ハードボイルド／ハードラック Alt : Hādoboirudo . English ) is a novel written by Japanese author Banana Yoshimoto in 1999 and translated into English in 2005 by Michael Emmerich .
Merry Christmas , Mr. Baxter was a novel written and published in 1956 by American author Edward Streeter .
The Present and the Past ( 1953 ) is a novel by Ivy Compton - Burnett about the head of a family who , although outwardly powerful and in charge , is suffering under the fact that he is being belittled and at some point even outright ignored by family and servants alike .
The Antiquarian 's Family , or The Mother - in - law and the Daughter ( La famiglia dell'antiquario , ossia La suocera e la nuora ) is a comedy by Venetian author Carlo Goldoni , first published in 1749 .
William Wetmore Story and His Friends is a biography of sculptor William Wetmore Story by Henry James , published in 1903 .
The Fierce Dispute is a 1929 novel by Helen Hooven Santmyer .
The Terrible Truth About Liberals is a 2001 political , non - fiction book by Neal Boortz .
Desert Encounter ( Danish : Ørkenen Brænder ) is a book written by the Danish journalist Knud Holmboe who had converted to Islam .
`` The Goat and Her Three Kids '' or `` The Goat with Three Kids '' ( Romanian : Capra cu trei iezi ) is an 1875 short story , fable and fairy tale by Romanian author Ion Creangă .
Guenevere , Queen of the Summer Country is a novel by Rosalind Miles , based on Arthurian legend .
They 'd Rather Be Right ( also known as The Forever Machine ) is a science fiction novel by Mark Clifton and Frank Riley .
The Green Brain ( 1966 ) , initially published as Greenslaves , is a science fiction novel by Frank Herbert .
Letters to Family , Friends , and Editors is a book collecting some of Franz Kafka 's letters from 1900 to 1924 .
Worlds in Collision is a book written by Immanuel Velikovsky and first published April 3 , 1950 .
Doctor Fischer of Geneva or The bomb party ( 1980 ) is a novel by the English novelist Graham Greene .
The Road to San Vicente is a book by Leif Borthen about life in the tiny village of Sant Vicent de sa Cala in the far north east of the Spanish island of Ibiza .
Eight Days of Luke is a children 's fantasy novel written by Diana Wynne Jones published in 1975 .
The Starchild Trilogy is a series of three books written by Frederik Pohl and Jack Williamson .
Sessanta racconti ( `` sixty stories '' ) is a 1958 short story collection by the Italian writer Dino Buzzati .
Power on Earth is a biography of mafia - linked Italian banker and accused murderer Michele Sindona written by Nick Tosches .
In 1983 , Al Alvarez published , The Biggest Game in Town , a book detailing the 1981 World Series of Poker event .
The Nazi and the Barber ( also published as The Nazi Who Lived As a Jew , in the German original Der Nazi & der Friseur ) of the German - Jewish writer Edgar Hilsenrath is a grotesque novel about the Holocaust during the time of National Socialism in Germany .
The Candle in the Wind is the fourth book from the collection The Once and Future King by T. H. White .
On Stranger Tides is a 1987 historical fantasy novel written by Tim Powers .
Rivalry and Tribute is a book written by Bruce Elliot Tapper that offers a peek into a 1970 's village society in India .
The Tale of the Pie and the Patty - Pan ( originally , The Pie and the Patty - Pan ) is a children 's book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter , and published by Frederick Warne & Co. in October 1905 .
The Moviegoer is the debut novel by Walker Percy , first published in the United States by Vintage in 1961 .
Alphabetical Africa is a constrained writing experiment by Walter Abish .
Sophat ( Khmer : រឿងសូផាត ) was the first Khmer romance novel written in 1938 by Rim Kin and was published in 1942 .
Live Not as You Would Like To ( Ne tak zhivi kak khotsetsya , Не так живи , как хочется ) is a play by Alexander Ostrovsky .
Throy is a 1992 science fiction novel by Jack Vance , the final work in the Cadwal Chronicles , a trilogy set in Vance 's Gaean Reach .
Flora Lapponica ( Amsterdam , 1737 ) is an account of the plants of Lapland written by botanist , zoologist and naturalist Carl Linnaeus ( 1707 - 1788 ) following his expedition to Lapland .
On Crimes and Punishments ( Italian : Dei delitti e delle pene ( dei deˈlitti e ddelle ˈpeːne ) ) , is a treatise written by Cesare Beccaria in 1764 .
The Lying Stones of Marrakech ( 2000 ) is the ninth volume of collected essays by the Harvard paleontologist , Stephen Jay Gould .
Rosaura at 10 O'Clock ( Spanish : Rosaura a las 10 ) is a 1958 Argentine crime film directed by Mario Soffici , based on a novel by Marco Denevi .
One Child is a novel by American author and psychologist Torey Hayden .
Tales from the Town of Widows is a lyrical novel written by Colombian - born author James Cañón .
The Enchanted Type - Writer is a collection of short stories by the American author John Kendrick Bangs , written in 1899 in the style that has become known as Bangsian fantasy .
An Asian Minor is a novel by Felice Picano in which he re - invents the myth of Ganymede .
Sword Quest is a 2008 children 's adventure novel by Nancy Yi Fan .
The Exile Kiss is a cyberpunk science fiction novel by George Alec Effinger published in 1991 .
The Invisible Man is a science fiction novella by H. G. Wells .
The Practice of Programming ( ISBN 0 - 201 - 61586-X ) by Brian W. Kernighan and Rob Pike is a 1999 book about computer programming and software engineering , published by Addison - Wesley .
`` The Remarkable Rocket '' is a short fairytale that was first published in 1888 in The Happy Prince and Other Tales which is a collection of five fairytales written by Oscar Wilde .
`` Esquisse d'un Programme '' is a famous proposal for long - term mathematical research made by the German - born , French mathematician Alexander Grothendieck in 1984 .
Shalimar the Clown is a 2005 novel by Salman Rushdie , the author of The Satanic Verses and Midnight 's Children .
Skimrande vårar in Swedish and Legenden om den øde skogen in Norwegian ( in English Glittering Springs or Legend about the Inhabitant Forest ; this novel has not been translated into English ) is a short historical novel by author Margit Sandemo from 1993 .
Best of the Best Volume 2 : 20 Years of the Year 's Best Short Science Fiction Novels ( ISBN 978 - 0312363413 ) is a science fiction anthology edited by Gardner Dozois that was published in 2007 .
Forty Signs of Rain ( 2004 ) is the first book in the hard science fiction `` Science in the Capital '' trilogy by Kim Stanley Robinson .
Blooded on Arachne is a collection of science fiction stories by American author Michael Bishop .
The Dark Brotherhood and Other Pieces is a collection of stories , poems and essays by American author H. P. Lovecraft and others , edited by August Derleth .
The Log from the Sea of Cortez is an English - language book written by American author John Steinbeck and published in 1951 .
Hedda Gabler ( Norwegian pronunciation : ( ˈˈhɛdːɑ ˈɡɑːbləɾ ) ) is a play written by Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen .
A Bitter Fate ( Russian : Горькая судьбина , Gorkaya sudbina ) , also translated as A Bitter Lot , is an 1859 realistic play by Aleksey Pisemsky .
The Discourse on Voluntary Servitude , or the Anti - Dictator ( French : Discours de la servitude volontaire ou le Contr'un ) is the most famous work of Étienne de La Boétie .
The Year of Magical Thinking ( 2005 ) , by Joan Didion ( b. 1934 ) , is an account of the year following the death of the author 's husband John Gregory Dunne ( 1932 - -2003 ) .
Kytice z pověstí národních ( A Bouquet of Folk Legends ) , also known by the short title Kytice ( Czech for bouquet ; pronounced KEE - tyee - tseh ) , is a collection of ballads by the Czech author Karel Jaromír Erben .
The Master of Hestviken is a tetralogy about medieval Norway written by Sigrid Undset .
Haunting Violet is a paranormal novel by Alyxandra Harvey .
Rosapenna is a novel published in 1983 by the Norwegian writer Ola Bauer .
The Dead Secret was Wilkie Collins '' fourth published novel .
Smart Girls Get What They Want is a 2012 young adult fiction novel by Sarah Strohmeyer .
Three Uneasy Pieces is a collection of three short stories by Australian writer Patrick White , first published by Pascoe Publishing in 1987 .
A Blues for Shindig is a gritty crime novel based in 1950s Soho and written by Mo Foster .
The Trial of Joan of Arc of Proven , 1431 is an adaptation by the German dramatist Bertolt Brecht of a radio play by Anna Seghers .
A Pirate Looks at Fifty is the autobiography of the singer and songwriter Jimmy Buffett , revolving around the singer 's fiftieth birthday .
The Enormous Crocodile is a 1978 children 's story by Roald Dahl .
The Middleman is a comic book series written by Javier Grillo - Marxuach with art by Les McClaine and published by Viper Comics .
Krapp 's Last Tape is a one - act play , in English , by Samuel Beckett .
Classes Plantarum ( `` Classes of plants '' , Leiden , Oct. 1738 ) was written by Carl Linnaeus , a Swedish botanist , physician , zoologist and naturalist .
Touching from a Distance is a biography written by Deborah Curtis .
`` Three - Ten to Yuma '' is a short story written by Elmore Leonard that was first published in Dime Western Magazine , a 1950s pulp magazine , in March 1953 .
Silent Spring is an environmental science book written by Rachel Carson and published in 1962 .
`` In the Doghouse '' is a short story by Orson Scott Card and Jay A. Parry .
A Matter of Honour is a novel by Jeffrey Archer , first published in 1986 .
Inés of My Soul ( Spanish : Inés del alma mía , 2006 ) is a historical novel by Chilean author Isabel Allende .
Assholes Finish First is a book by Tucker Max , detailing anecdotal stories , usually revolving around drinking and sex .
Helen with a High Hand is a short , comedic novel by Arnold Bennett , published in 1910 .
P.S. Longer Letter Later is an epistolary novel written by Paula Danziger and Ann M. Martin in 1998 .
Die Huldigung der Künste ( The Homage of the Arts ) is a dramatic poem written by Friedrich Schiller .
`` The Open Boat '' is a short story by American author Stephen Crane ( 1871 - -1900 ) .
The Talismans of Shannara is the fourth book of the tetralogy The Heritage of Shannara written by Terry Brooks .
In Xanadu is a 1989 travel book by William Dalrymple .
A Cure for Cancer is a novel by British fantasy and science fiction writer Michael Moorcock , first published in London 1971 by Allison and Busby .
Icarus at the Edge of Time is a 2008 novella by physicist Brian Greene , illustrated by Chip Kidd with images from the Hubble Space Telescope .
Undoing Gender is a 2004 book by philosopher Judith Butler .
It details the secret history of the occult organization S.H.I.E.L.D. The series is written by Jonathan Hickman and drawn by Dustin Weaver .
The Film That Changed My Life ( also known as The Film That Changed My Life : 30 Directors on Their Epiphanies in the Dark ) is a non - fiction collection of interviews compiled by American journalist , author and film columnist Robert K. Elder .
The Christmas Box ( ISBN 9781566840286 ) is an American novel written by Richard Paul Evans and self - published in 1993 .
The March of Democracy is a two - volume book by James Truslow Adams , published in 1932 and 1933 .
Beyond the Fall of Night ( 1990 ) is a novel by Arthur C. Clarke and Gregory Benford .
Mel Oliver and Space Rover on Mars is a science fiction novel by William Morrison ( pseudonym of Joseph Samachson ) .
Libraries in the Medieval and Renaissance Periods was the Rede Lecture of 1894 , given by John Willis Clark .
Philip Hall Likes Me , I Reckon Maybe is a children 's novel written by Bette Greene that was awarded a Newbery Honor in 1975 .
A Hero of Our Time ( Russian : Герой нашего времени , Geroy nashego vremeni ) is a novel by Mikhail Lermontov , written in 1839 and revised in 1841 .
Fire and Hemlock is a modern fantasy by British author Diana Wynne Jones based largely on the Scottish ballads `` Tam Lin '' and `` Thomas the Rhymer . ''
Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe is a coming - of - age young adult novel by American author Benjamin Alire Sáenz which was first published in 2012 .
Hope and Other Dangerous Pursuits is a 2005 novel by Moroccan American author Laila Lalami .
Wolfcry is the fourth installment of the Kiesha'ra Series by American author Amelia Atwater - Rhodes .
The Phoenician Women ( Ancient Greek : Φοίνισσαι , Phoinissai ) is a tragedy by Euripides , based on the same story as Aeschylus ' play Seven Against Thebes .
Keith Raywood , also credited as Keith Ian Raywood , is an Emmy Award - winning American production designer .
Escanaba in da Moonlight ( `` da '' is Yooper for `` the '' ) is a 2001 movie starring Jeff Daniels .
Bridge to the Sun is a 1961 film , directed by Etienne Périer , starring Carroll Baker , James Shigeta , James Yagi , Tetsuro Tamba , and Sean Garrison .
The Fightin ' Fury is a 1921 short Western film directed by and starring Hoot Gibson .
Beyond the Cities is a 1930 British drama film directed by Carlyle Blackwell and starring Blackwell , Edna Best and Alexander Field .
El Retorno de Walpurgis ( The Return of Walpurgis ) , also known as Curse of the Devil and The Black Harvest of Countess Dracula , is a 1972 Spanish horror film that is the seventh in a series about the werewolf Count Waldemar Daninsky , played by Paul Naschy .
Shadow of a Doubt is a 1943 American psychological thriller directed by Alfred Hitchcock , and starring Teresa Wright and Joseph Cotten .
Rob Das as Belga Graziela Felix as Rânia Mariana Lima as Estela Nataly Rocha as Zizi Paulo José
Kalyug Aur Ramayan is a Hindi film starring Manoj Kumar , Madhavi , Prem Chopra , Om Prakash , Bindu and Rajiv Goswami .
Ride a Crooked Trail is a 1958 American western film shot in CinemaScope , with former World War II hero Audie Murphy and future Academy Award winning actor Walter Matthau heading a strong if not well - known cast .
Valley of Eagles ( US release title Valley of the Eagles ) is a 1951 British thriller film written and directed by Terence Young and starring Jack Warner , Nadia Gray and John McCallum .
Santa with Muscles is a 1996 American Christmas comedy film starring Hulk Hogan and directed by John Murlowski .
Shaadi Ke Side Effects ( English : The Side Effects of Marriage ) is a 2014 Bollywood romantic comedy film directed by Saket Chaudhary and starring Farhan Akhtar alongside Vidya Balan in lead roles .
Sakkare ( Kannada : ಸಕ್ಕರೆ ) is a 2013 Indian Kannada - language romantic drama film written and directed by Abhaya Simha , which stars Ganesh and Deepa Sannidhi in the lead roles .
The Gentle Gunman is a black - and - white 1952 Ealing Studios drama film , directed by Basil Dearden and starring John Mills and Dirk Bogarde .
Vakkalathu Narayanankutty is a 2001 Malayalam film co - written and directed by T. K. Rajeev Kumar with Jayaram , Manya , Mukesh and Jagathy Sreekumar in the lead .
Ek Alag Mausam ( English : A Different Season ) ( Hindi : एक अलग मौसम ) is 2003 Hindi movie directed by K.P.Sasi with Nandita Das , Anupam Kher and Rajit Kapur in the lead roles .
Chotti Bahu is an Indian television soap opera that aired on Zee TV , starring Avinash Sachdev as Dev and Rubina Dilaik as Radhika .
The Pirates of the Mississippi ( German : Die Flußpiraten vom Mississippi ) is a 1963 western film directed by Jürgen Roland and starring Hansjörg Felmy , Brad Harris and Sabine Sinjen .
Roman Scandals is a 1933 American black - and - white Pre - Code musical film starring Eddie Cantor , Ruth Etting , Gloria Stuart , Edward Arnold and David Manners .
Enakkaga Kaathiru is a 1981 Tamil - language film directed by P. S. Nivas , starring Suman , Sumalatha and Bhanuchander .
Preethsod Thappa ( Kannada : ಪ್ರೀತ್ಸೋದ್ ತಪ್ಪಾ ) is a 1998 Indian Kannada language romance - drama musical film directed by V. Ravichandran and produced by Rockline Venkatesh .
Tenth Avenue Angel is a 1948 American film that chronicles the life and family of Flavia Mills ( Margaret O'Brien ) in the late 1930s .
Zorro and the Three Musketeers ( Italian : Zorro e i tre moschettieri , also known as Mask of the Musketeers and Zorro vs. the Three Musketeers ) is a 1963 Italian comedy - adventure film directed by Luigi Capuano and starring Gordon Scott .
Lake Placid 2 is a 2007 made - for - television horror comedy film directed by David Flores , starring John Schneider and produced by Sony Pictures and the Sci - Fi Channel .
Fire Dragon ( 火雲傳奇 ) A.K.A Fiery Romance is a 1994 wuxia film with comedy and action elements , which features Brigitte Lin in the lead .
Dil Pardesi Ho Gaya ( Punjabi : ਦਿਲ ਪਰਦੇਸੀ ਹੋ ਗਿਆ ) is a Punjabi film , directed by Thakur Tapasvi , starring Inderjit Nikku and Sana Nawaz Khan in lead roles with Shakti Kapoor , Daljit Kaur , Jaspal Bhatti , Raza Murad , Muhammad Sadiq , Sardar Sohi and other .
Murder on a Honeymoon is an American 1935 mystery film starring Edna May Oliver and James Gleason .
People of the Mountains ( Hungarian : Emberek a havason ) is a 1942 Hungarian drama film directed by István Szőts and starring Alice Szellay , János Görbe , Péterke Ferency .
Dead Game is a 1923 American Western film directed by Edward Sedgwick and featuring Hoot Gibson .
Oru Odai Nadhiyagirathu is a 1983 Tamil - language Indian feature film written , produced and directed by C. V. Sridhar , starring Raghuvaran in lead role .
Cyborg Soldier is a science fiction film released on October 7 , 2008 , directed by John Stead , and starring Rich Franklin , Tiffani Thiessen , and Bruce Greenwood .
A Lonely Place for Dying is a 2012 American independent drama - thriller film directed by Justin Eugene Evans and produced by James Cromwell .
Dark House is a supernatural horror film directed by Darin Scott and stars Jeffrey Combs , Meghan Ory and Diane Salinger with Matt Cohen , Shelly Cole , Danso Gordon , Ryan Melander , Bevin Prince , Meghan Maureen McDonough and Scott Whyte .
When Eagles Strike ( aka Operation Balikatan in the Philippines ) is a 2003 action film starring ex - bodybuilder Christian Boeving , Stacy Keach , Nate Adams , Eddie Garcia and Monsour del Rosario .
The Long Good Friday is a British gangster film starring Bob Hoskins and Helen Mirren .
Romy and Michele 's High School Reunion is a 1997 comedy film starring Lisa Kudrow , Mira Sorvino , Janeane Garofalo , Camryn Manheim , and Alan Cumming , and directed by David Mirkin .
The Air Up There is a 1994 American comedy film directed by Paul Michael Glaser and starring Kevin Bacon and Charles Gitonga Maina with Yolanda Vazquez as Sister Susan .
Crossroads Guitar Festival 2010 is a concert film released from November 8 , 2010 by the British rock musician Eric Clapton under Rhino Records and the Warner Music Group .
The Acting Class is a 2000 American independent film directed by and starring Jill Hennessy and Elizabeth Holder .
Mister Quilp is a 1975 British musical film directed by Michael Tuchner and starring Anthony Newley , David Hemmings and Jill Bennett .
Age Is n't Everything ( a.k.a . Life in the Food Chain ) is a 1991 comedy film directed by Douglas Katz , and starring Jonathan Silverman , Robert Prosky , and Rita Moreno .
The Diamond from the Sky is a 1915 American silent adventure film serial starring Lottie Pickford , Irving Cummings , and William Russell , and directed by Jacques Jaccard and William Desmond Taylor .
Radha Gopalam ( Telugu : రాధ గోపాలం ) is a 2005 Telugu film which stars Srikanth and Sneha , based on the Hollywood movie , `` Adam 's Rib '' .
Neelakurukkan is a 1992 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Shaji Kailas , starring Ashokan and Baiju in the lead roles .
The Cossack and the Nightingale ( German : Der Kosak und die Nachtigall ) is a 1935 Austrian romantic thriller film directed by Phil Jutzi and starring Jarmila Novotna , Iván Petrovich and Gerda Maurus .
Miss Tatlock 's Millions is an American screwball comedy film directed by Richard Haydn in 1948 .
Little Miss Hoover is a 1918 American silent romantic drama film directed by John S. Robertson and stars Marguerite Clark .
The Moon - Spinners was Mills ' fifth of six films for Disney , and featured the legendary silent film actress Pola Negri in her final screen performance .
Bank Brothers is a 2004 comedy film directed and written by Kenneth Guertin Kenneth Guertin as Diamond Man Crooked I as Mob Boss Alexa Havins as Store Owner Spider Loc as Innocent Perpetrator
Iravum Pagalum ( Tamil : இரவும் பகலும் English : Night and Day ) is a 1965 Indian Tamil crime thriller film directed by Joseph Thaliath Jr. The film starred debutant Jaishankar and C Vasantha in the lead .
Hokuriku Proxy War ( 北陸代理戦争 , Hokuriku dairi sensō ) is a 1977 film directed by Kinji Fukasaku and starring Sonny Chiba and Hiroki Matsukata
The Lost & Found Family is a 2009 direct - to - video Christian film starring Ellen Bry and Lucas Till .
The Wedding in Monaco is a 1956 documentary covering the celebrations in Monaco leading up to wedding of Prince Rainier III to Grace Kelly .
Walter Vetrivel is a 1993 Indian Tamil film , directed by P. Vasu , starring Sathyaraj , Sukanya and Ranjitha in lead roles .
Starring Jello Biafra ( of the Dead Kennedys ) , Terminal City Ricochet is a dystopian comedy critical of television and its collusion with government and consumerism .
Never Back Losers is a 1961 British film directed by Robert Tronson and starring Jack Hedley , Jacqueline Ellis and Patrick Magee .
Is n't Life Terrible ? is a 1925 American film starring Charley Chase and featuring Oliver Hardy and Fay Wray .
Johnny Handsome is a 1989 American crime - drama film directed by Walter Hill and starring Mickey Rourke , Ellen Barkin , Forest Whitaker and Morgan Freeman .
Angry Planet is a 39-part television series broadcast around the world featuring the adventures of storm chaser George Kourounis .
The 7th Voyage of Sinbad is a 1958 Technicolor fantasy film from Columbia Pictures , produced by Charles H. Schneer , directed by Nathan H. Juran , and starring Kerwin Mathews , Torin Thatcher , Kathryn Grant , Richard Eyer , and Alec Mango .
The Counterfeit Plan is a 1957 British crime film directed by Montgomery Tully and starring Zachary Scott , Peggie Castle , Mervyn Johns and David Lodge .
The Sea Ghost is a 1931 American Pre - Code film directed by William Nigh and starring Alan Hale , Clarence Wilson , Claud Allister and Laura La Plante .
Welcome to the Rileys is a 2010 British - American independent drama film directed by Jake Scott , written by Ken Hixon , as well as starring Kristen Stewart , James Gandolfini and Melissa Leo .
High School High is a 1996 comedy film about an inner city high school in the Los Angeles , California area , starring Jon Lovitz , Tia Carrere , Mekhi Phifer , Louise Fletcher , Malinda Williams , and Brian Hooks .
Kavikkuyil , Kavikuyil or Kavi Kuyil is a 1977 Tamil film directed by Devaraj Mohan and starring Sivakumar , Sridevi and Rajinikanth .
Nishi Padma is a 1970 Bengali drama film written and directed by Aravinda Mukherjee , based on a short story Hinger Kochuri by Bibhutibhushan Bandopadhyay , and starring Uttam Kumar and Sabitri Chatterjee as leads .
The Outriders is a 1950 western film starring Joel McCrea .
Uncle Brian is a Canadian 2010 comedy - drama film directed by Nick McAnulty and starring Daniel MacLean in the title role .
Main , Meri Patni Aur Woh is a 2005 Hindi romantic comedy film , directed by Chandan Arora , starring Rajpal Yadav , Rituparna Sengupta and Kay Kay Menon as the leading actors .
Yuvatha is a 2008 Telugu film directed by Parasuram starring Nikhil Siddharth and Aksha Pardasany in the Lead .
The Right to Love ( German : Das Recht auf Liebe ) is a 1930 German silent drama film directed by Jacob Fleck and Luise Fleck and starring Georg Alexander , Evelyn Holt and Georgia Lind .
Gaurisankaram is a 2004 Malayalam film starring Munna and Kavya Madhavan playing long - lost childhood sweethearts .
Her Big Story is a 1913 American silent short drama film directed by Allan Dwan starring J. Warren Kerrigan , Charlotte Burton , George Periolat , and Jack Richardson .
Aaj Ka Boss is a 2008 Hindi - language Indian film directed by T L V Prasad , starring Mithun Chakraborty , Swati , Urmi Negi , Rami Reddy , Dalip Tahil , Raza Murad and Manvi Goswami
Burt Reynolds as Sam Whiskey Angie Dickinson as Laura Breckenridge Clint Walker as O.W. Bandy Ossie Davis as Jed Hooker William Schallert as Peters Woodrow Parfrey as Bromley Chubby Johnson as Blacksmith Anthony James as Cousin Leroy Rick Davis as Fat Henry Hobson Del Reeves as The Fisherman
Buscando a Timbiriche , La Nueva Banda was a Mexican reality show set to look for the new , re - make of the ' 80s and ' 90s Mexican band Timbiriche , hosted by Galilea Montijo .
Pocket Ninjas is a 1994 action film starring Robert Z'Dar , Richard Rabago , and Gary Daniels .
Everything Put Together is a 2000 drama film directed by Marc Forster starring Radha Mitchell , Megan Mullally and Louis Ferreira .
The Wonderful Lies of Nina Petrovna ( German : Die wunderbare Lüge der Nina Petrowna ) is a 1929 German silent drama film directed by Hanns Schwarz and starring Brigitte Helm , Francis Lederer and Warwick Ward .
The Sleep of Death is a 1980 Swedish - Irish historical horror film directed by Calvin Floyd and starring Per Oscarsson , Curd Jürgens , Patrick Magee and Marilù Tolo .
Money for Speed is a 1933 British sports drama film directed by Bernard Vorhaus and starring John Loder , Ida Lupino , Cyril McLaglen and Moore Marriott .
Gomathiyin Kaadhalan ( Tamil : கோமதியின் காதலன் ) is a Tamil language film starring T. R. Ramachandran and K. Savithri .
My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2 is an upcoming 2016 American romantic comedy film directed by Kirk Jones and written by Nia Vardalos .
The Girl from Barnhelm ( German : Das Fräulein von Barnhelm ) is a 1940 German historical comedy film directed by Hans Schweikart and starring Käthe Gold , Ewald Balser and Fita Benkhoff .
Paris After Dark is a 1943 American war drama film directed by Léonide Moguy and starring George Sanders , Philip Dorn and Brenda Marshall .
Professor Hannibal ( Hungarian : Hannibál tanár úr ) is a 1956 Hungarian drama film directed by Zoltán Fábri and starring Ernö Szabó , Zoltán Greguss and Manyi Kiss .
Not Another Happy Ending is a 2013 British romantic comedy film directed by John McKay , starring Karen Gillan , Stanley Weber and Freya Mavor .
Carmine Caridi , who plays Carmine Rosato , also went on to play crime boss Albert Volpe in The Godfather Part III , and Frank Sivero , who plays a young Genco Abbandando , appears as a bystander in The Godfather scene in which Sonny beats up Carlo for abusing Connie .
Neberte nám princeznú ( English : Let the Princess Stay with Us ) is a modern version of the Snowhite and the Seven Dwarfs fairytale , starring Marika Gombitová .
Stormswept is a 1923 silent film starring brothers Wallace Beery and Noah Beery .
Kilukkampetti is a Malayalam film released in 1991 starring Jayaram and Suchitra Krishnamoorthi .
The Angel Wore Red , also known as La Sposa Bella in its Italian version , is a 1960 Italian - American romantic war drama starring Ava Gardner and Dirk Bogarde made by MGM and Titanus .
Toto , Peppino , and the Hussy ( originally Totò , Peppino e ... la malafemmina ) is an Italian comedy film directed by Camillo Mastrocinque in 1956 .
Nooran ( Punjabi : ਨੂਰਾਂ ) , also spelled as Nooraan , is a 1957 Pakistani Punjabi film directed by M. M. Billoo Mehra , starring Sudhir and Noor Jehan in lead roles .
I Dreamed of Africa is a 2000 biographical drama film starring Kim Basinger , Vincent Perez , Eva Marie Saint , Garrett Strommen , Liam Aiken and Daniel Craig , and directed by Hugh Hudson .
Yaara o Dildaara is an Indian drama film starring Harbhajan Maan , Tulip Joshi , Kabir Bedi , Gurpreet Ghuggi , Gulzar Inder Chahal and Jonita Doda in lead roles and directed by Ksshitij Chaudhary .
The Kid with the Broken Halo is a 1982 made - for - television film starring Gary Coleman , Robert Guillaume , June Allyson , Mason Adams and Ray Walston about a wise - cracking `` angel - in - training '' ( Coleman ) who needs constant help from his frustrated heavenly teacher .
The Outlaw and the Lady is a 1917 film featuring Harry Carey and released by Universal Pictures .
Heaven 's Fire is a 1999 made - for - TV action movie film starring Eric Roberts and Jürgen Prochnow .
Salt in the Wound ( Italian : Il dito nella piaga ) is a 1969 Italian `` macaroni combat '' war film directed by Tonino Ricci and starring Klaus Kinski and George Hilton .
Call of the South Seas is a 1944 American action film directed by John English and starring Janet Martin , Allan Lane and William Henry .
Two Days in April is a 2007 documentary film by director Don Argott that follows four NFL prospects ( Derek Hagan , Clint Ingram , DonTrell Moore and Travis Wilson ) through the process of preparing for and participating in the 2006 NFL Draft .
The Shriner 's Daughter is a 1913 American silent short film starring Charlotte Burton , Violet Neitz , Helen Armstrong , William Bertram , Edith Borella , Ed Coxen , Reaves Eason , George Field , Winifred Greenwood , Ida Lewis , Nina Richdale and William Tedmarsh .
Clubscene is a short film by Italian - Canadian filmmaker Adriano Valentini and features Mystery Hunters star Christina Broccolini .
The Vengeance of She is a 1968 British fantasy film directed by Cliff Owen and starring John Richardson , Olga Schoberová , Edward Judd and Colin Blakely .
The Adventures of Sebastian Cole is a 1998 American comedy - drama film written and directed by Tod Williams and starring Adrian Grenier as the title character .
Mussolini Speaks is a 1933 documentary film highlighting the first 10 years of Benito Mussolini 's rule as Prime Minister of Italy .
A big - screen adaptation of the 1965 - -1969 TV series The Wild Wild West , it stars Will Smith , Kevin Kline ( who appears in dual roles as the protagonist Artemus Gordon and as President Ulysses S. Grant ) , Kenneth Branagh , and Salma Hayek .
The Naked Dawn is a 1955 Technicolor western film directed by Edgar G. Ulmer and starring Arthur Kennedy and Betta St. John .
Wife or Country is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by E. Mason Hopper and starring Gloria Swanson in her last role for Triangle Film Corporation .
Singapore Sue is a 1932 musical comedy short about four sailors , one of whom is portrayed by Cary Grant in his third screen appearance released , enjoying themselves in a Singapore bar .
Lion Jagapathi Rao ( Kannada : ಲಯನ್ ಜಗಪತಿ ರಾವ್ ) is a 1991 Indian Kannada drama film directed by Om Sai Prakash and written by Sainath Thotapalli starring Vishnuvardhan in dual roles , along with Lakshmi and Bhavya in the lead roles .
Millionaire Cop is a 1993 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Nelson Cheung and starring Aaron Kwok , Maggie Cheung , Chingmy Yau and Ng Man - tat .
That Navy Spirit is a 1937 American sports film directed by Kurt Neumann and starring Lew Ayres , Mary Carlisle and John Howard .
Love for Life ( simplified Chinese : 最爱 ; traditional Chinese : 最愛 ; pinyin : Zuì ài ) , also known as Life Is a Miracle , Til Death Do Us Part and Love for Live , is a 2011 film directed by Gu Changwei and starring Zhang Ziyi and Aaron Kwok .
Wait ' til You 're Older ( simplified Chinese : 童梦奇缘 ; traditional Chinese : 童夢奇緣 ; pinyin : Tóng Mèng Qí Yuán ) is a 2005 Hong Kong fantasy comedy drama film directed by Teddy Chan and starring Andy Lau .
Johnny Rocco is a 1958 American black - and - white crime film produced by Scott R. Dunlap and directed by Paul Landres for Allied Artists , and starring Richard Eyer , Stephen McNally , and Coleen Gray .
Pick and Shovel , also known as The Miner , is a 1923 silent comedy film starring Stan Laurel .
Sherlock Holmes in Washington ( 1943 ) is the fifth film in the Basil Rathbone / Nigel Bruce series of Sherlock Holmes movies .
Jazzmania is a 1923 American silent drama film directed by Robert Z. Leonard and starring his then - wife Mae Murray .
Swaroopam ( Malayalam : സ്വരൂപം ) is a 1992 Malayalam film written and directed by K. R. Mohanan , and starring Sreenivasan , Sandhya Rajendran and V. K. Sriraman .
The Sabata Trilogy is a series of Spaghetti Western films released between 1969 and 1971 , directed by Gianfranco Parolini , and starring Lee Van Cleef in the first , Sabata , Yul Brynner in the second , Adiós , Sabata , and Van Cleef returning for the third , Return of Sabata .
Oru Maymasa Pulariyil ( Malayalam : ഒരു മേയ്മാസ പുലരിയിൽ ) is a 1987 Malayalam film co - written and directed by V. R. Gopinath , starring Balachandra Menon , Murali and Shari .
Love Comes to the Executioner is a 2006 American film directed and written by Kyle Bergersen , starring Jonathan Tucker , Jeremy Renner and Ginnifer Goodwin .
How Kitchener Was Betrayed is a 1921 British silent war film directed by Percy Nash and starring Fred Paul , Winifred Evans and Bertram Burleigh .
Man from the Black Hills is a 1952 American western film directed by Thomas Carr and starring Johnny Mack Brown , James Ellison and Rand Brooks .
Italian Graffiti ( Italian : Tutti figli di Mammasantissima ) is a 1973 Italian criminal comedy film written and directed by Alfio Caltabiano and starring Pino Colizzi and Ornella Muti .
Murder of a Cat is an American independent thriller / comedy film directed by Gillian Greene and starring Fran Kranz , Nikki Reed , J.K. Simmons , and Blythe Danner .
The Lawful Cheater , sometimes referred to as Lawful Cheaters , is a 1925 American silent crime - drama film written by Frank O'Connor and Adele S. Buffington , directed by O’Connor for B.P. Schulberg Productions , and starring Clara Bow , David Kirby , and Raymond McKee .
The Atomic Kid is a 1954 black - and - white science - fiction comedy film starring Mickey Rooney and directed by Leslie H. Martinson .
Kurt Schmidtchen as Das tapfere Schneiderlein Christel Bodenstein as Traute Horst Drinda as Prinz Eitel Fred Kronström as König Griesgram Gerd Michael Henneberg as Schatzmeister Gier Fred Wolff as Leibdiener Zimperlich Fred Mahr as Gärtner Sommer Wolf Kaiser as 1 .
An Angel on Wheels is a 1959 French - West German romantic comedy film starring Romy Schneider , Henri Vidal and Jean - Paul Belmondo .
The Perfidy of Mary is a 1913 silent film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Dorothy Gish and Mae Marsh as cousins Rose and Mary , with Walter Miller as Rose 's suitor , Harry Hyde as Mary 's suitor , and Lionel Barrymore as Mary 's father .
Pardon My Berth Marks is the fourth short subject starring American comedian Buster Keaton made for Columbia Pictures .
Where 's Sally ? is a 1936 British comedy film , directed by Arthur B. Woods and starring Chili Bouchier , Gene Gerrard and Claude Hulbert .
Mel Karade Rabba ( Punjabi : ਮੇਲ ਕਰਾਦੇ ਰੱਬਾ ) is a 2010 Punjabi film directed by Navaniat Singh with story , screenplay and dialogue by Dheeraj Rattan ; produced by Rajan Batra and Vivek Ohri ; and starring Jimmy Shergill , Gippy Grewal , Neeru Bajwa , Amar Noorie , Sunita Dhir and Shavinder Mahal .
Married to a Mormon is a 1922 silent British drama film directed by H. B. Parkinson and starring Evelyn Brent , Clive Brook and George Wynn .
Little Buddha is a 1993 Italian - French - British drama film directed by Bernardo Bertolucci and starring Chris Isaak , Bridget Fonda and Keanu Reeves as Prince Siddhartha ( the Buddha before his enlightenment ) .
The Dawn of Understanding is a lost 1918 silent film comedy western produced by The Vitagraph Company of America and starring Bessie Love .
Dance of a Dream ( Chinese : 愛君如夢 ) is a 2001 Hong Kong romantic comedy film co - produced and directed by the film 's cinematographer , Andrew Lau and starring Andy Lau , Sandra Ng and Anita Mui .
Myself Pendu is a starring Preet Harpal , Sayali Bhagat and Ather Habib in lead roles .
The St. Tammany Miracle is a 1994 B film directed by Joy N. Houck , Jr. and Jim McCullough Sr . The film stars television stars Mark - Paul Gosselaar and Soleil Moon Frye .
The Three Hearts ( Polish : Trzy serca ) is a 1939 Polish romantic comedy film directed by Michał Waszyński and starring Jerzy Pichelski , Aleksander Żabczyński and Elżbieta Barszczewska .
That Woman Opposite ( U.S. City After Midnight ) is a 1957 British crime drama , directed by Compton Bennett and starring Phyllis Kirk , Dan O'Herlihy and William Franklyn .
Kerim , Son of the Sheik ( Italian : Il figlio dello sceicco , French : Le retour du fils du sheik , also known just as Son of the Sheik ) is a 1962 Italian - French adventure film directed by Mario Costa and starring Gordon Scott .
Mutual Appreciation is a 2005 independent film by Andrew Bujalski who previously directed Funny Ha Ha ( 2002 ) .
Yun Hi is an upcoming Indian Romantic - Drama film directed by Yogesh Dattatraya Gosavi starring Rohit Nayyar and Elena Kazan .
Cage Without a Key is a 1975 made - for - TV movie starring Susan Dey and Sam Bottoms , with Jonelle Allen and Lani O'Grady in supporting roles .
Kaazhchakkappuram is a 1992 Indian Malayalam film , directed by VR Gopalakrishnan , starring Mukesh and Jagathy Sreekumar in the lead roles .
Convém Martelar is a 1920 Brazilian silent film directed by and starring Manuel F. Araujo .
The Lady from Cheyenne is a 1941 American comedy western film directed by Frank Lloyd and starring Loretta Young , Robert Preston and Edward Arnold .
Poovellam Kettuppar ( English : Ask all the flowers ! ) is a 1999 Tamil romantic comedy film written and directed by Vasanth , which stars Suriya and Jyothika in leading roles .
Flowers from Nice ( German : Blumen aus Nizza ) is a 1936 Austrian musical comedy film directed by Augusto Genina and starring Erna Sack , Friedl Czepa and Karl Schönböck .
Madame Rosa ( Simone Signoret ) is a frail , aging , retired Jewish prostitute and Auschwitz survivor who earns a meager living by caring for the children of younger female sex workers , as well as for Momo ( short for Mohammed ) ( Sami Ben Youb ) , a young Arab boy on the verge of adolescence .
King of the Rocket Men is a 1949 12-chapter black - and - white Republic movie serial , produced by Franklin Adreon , directed Fred C. Brannon , and starring Tristram Coffin , Mae Clarke , Don Haggerty , House Peters , Jr. , James Craven , and I. Stanford Jolley .
Highly Dangerous is a 1950 British spy film starring Margaret Lockwood as a British entomologist trying to stop a biological attack with the help of an American journalist played by Dane Clark .
Pyar Hua Chori Chori is a 1991 Hindi - language Indian feature film directed by K.Bapaiah , starring Mithun Chakraborty , Gouthami , Shikha Swaroop , Shafi Inamdar , Shakti Kapoor and Anupam Kher This was Gouthami 's debut Hindi film .
A few years later , David , who now goes by the name Tsotsi ( Presley Chweneyagae ) , is the leader of a gang which includes his friends Butcher ( Zenzo Ngqobe ) , Aap ( Kenneth Nkosi ) and Boston ( Mothusi Magano ) .
Yathrakkoduvil(English : At the end of the journey ) is a Malayalam movie starring Sreejith Vijay and Thilakan among others .
Hearts of Humanity is a 1936 British drama film directed by John Baxter and starring Bransby Williams , Wilfred Walter and Cathleen Nesbitt .
Say It with Diamonds is a 1927 silent film drama starring Betty Compson and Earle Williams , an early Vitagraph leading man and matinee idol .
Dangerous Money is a 1946 American film directed by Terry O. Morse , featuring Sidney Toler as Charlie Chan .
That Forsyte Woman ( released in the United Kingdom as The Forsyte Saga ) is a 1949 romance film starring Greer Garson , Errol Flynn , Walter Pidgeon , Robert Young and Janet Leigh .
The Land of College Prophets is a 2005 independent comedy film produced by the Hale Manor Collective , a trio of Connecticut filmmakers consisting of Mike Aransky , Phil Guerrette and Thomas Edward Seymour .
Ammakilikkoodu is a 2003 Malayalam film starring Prithviraj Sukumaran and Navya Nair .
What a Way to Go ! is a 1964 American black comedy directed by J. Lee Thompson and starring Shirley MacLaine , Paul Newman , Robert Mitchum , Dean Martin , Gene Kelly , Bob Cummings and Dick Van Dyke .
Somnambul is a 1929 German silent horror film directed by Adolf Trotz and starring Fritz Kortner , Erna Morena and Veit Harlan .
Stanley H. Tweedle ( Brian Downey ) of planet Ostral - B , Security guard 4th class , the Arch Traitor , courier of a failed rebellion , and , by accident , captain of the Lexx .
The Kid from Brooklyn is a 1946 American musical comedy film directed by Norman Z. McLeod and starring Danny Kaye , Virginia Mayo , Vera - Ellen , Steve Cochran , Walter Abel , Eve Arden , and Fay Bainter .
DPG Eulogy is a 2005 documentary on Tha Dogg Pound .
Veendum Chila Veettukaryangal ( Malayalam : വീണ്ടും ചില വീട്ടുകാര്യങ്ങള്‍ , English : Again Another Family Matter ) is a 1999 Malayalam family drama film directed by Sathyan Anthikkad and written by A. K. Lohithadas , starring Jayaram , Thilakan , and Samyuktha Varma in the main roles .
La donna del giorno ( The Woman of the Day ) is an 1956 Italian drama film starring Virna Lisi , Haya Harareet and Franco Fabrizi .
Case 219 is a 2010 American Drama film starring Evan Ross , Leven Rambin , and Taylor Nichols , and Harold Perrineau .
Undercover Brother is a 2002 American action comedy film starring Eddie Griffin and directed by Malcolm D. Lee .
Redbird Wins is a 1914 American silent short drama film directed by Sydney Ayres , starring Harry von Meter , Vivian Rich , Perry Banks and William Garwood .
Kattuchembakam is a 2002 Malayalam movie love based film starring Jayasurya and Charmy Kaur .
Action in Arabia ( AKA Danger in Damascus and International Zone ) is a 1944 film starring George Sanders and Virginia Bruce .
Def Jam 's How to Be a Player is a 1997 comedy film , starring Bill Bellamy , Natalie Desselle and Bernie Mac . The film was directed by Lionel C. Martin , and written by Mark Brown and Demetria Johnson .
Brainiac 's Test Tube Baby was a live British parody popular science entertainment TV show hosted by Dominic Wood .
Sakuntalai ( Tamil : சகுந்தலை ) is a 1940 Tamil film directed by Ellis R. Dungan and starring M. S. Subbulakshmi and G. N. Balasubramaniam .
Red Dirt Rising is a 2011 film starring Brad Yoder , Burgess Jenkins and Brett Rice based on the book Red Dirt Tracks :
That Lucky Touch is a 1975 British - German comedy film directed by Christopher Miles and starring Roger Moore , Susannah York and Shelley Winters .
Fat Pizza vs. Housos is an Australian film based on the combination of the stories and characters of the SBS cult classic Pizza and the Logie award winning comedy Housos television series , both created by Paul Fenech .
The Ninth Guest is a 1934 Pre - Code murder mystery film starring Donald Cook and Genevieve Tobin as two of the eight guests at a deadly party who are informed by the voice of their unknown host from the radio that they are his enemies ... and will all meet his ninth guest :
Strange Parallel includes interviews with Elliott Smith himself , as well as fans , friends and other acquaintances , including Gus Van Sant , Larry Crane and the members of Quasi .
Scandal Makers ( Hangul : 과속스캔들 ; RR : Gwasok Seukaendeul ; lit . Speedy Scandal ) is a 2008 South Korean film written and directed by Kang Hyeong - cheol and starring Cha Tae - hyun in the lead role .
Jalamarmaram is a 1999 Indian Malayalam film , directed by TK Rajeev Kumar , starring P. Balachandran and Master Aswin in the lead role .
The Boys Did n't Wear Hair Gel Before ( Spanish : Los Muchachos de antes no usaban gomina ) is a 1937 Argentine historical drama film directed and written by Manuel Romero and starring Florencio Parravicini , Mecha Ortiz and Santiago Arrieta .
Thank God He Met Lizzie is a 1997 Australian romantic comedy film starring Cate Blanchett and Richard Roxburgh .
Baby Hands is a 1912 American silent short drama film starring James Cruze as a husband , Jean Darnell as a wife , and Helen Badgley .
The Unpardonable Sin is a 1919 American silent drama / propaganda film set during World War I. The film was produced by Harry Garson , directed by Marshall Neilan , and stars Neilan 's wife Blanche Sweet whose portrays dual roles in the film .
We Live Again ( 1934 ) is a film adaptation of Leo Tolstoy 's 1899 novel Resurrection ( Voskraeseniye ) , starring Anna Sten and Fredric March .
Stoogemania is a 1986 film about a fan of The Three Stooges , directed by Chuck Workman , and starring Josh Mostel .
Cattle Empire is a 1958 Western DeLuxe Color movie in CinemaScope directed by Charles Marquis Warren and starring Joel McCrea .
Life Begins at Eight - Thirty is a 1942 drama film starring Monty Woolley as a washed - up , alcoholic actor , Ida Lupino as his daughter , and Cornel Wilde as her boyfriend .
American Pop is a 1981 American animated musical drama film starring Ron Thompson and produced and directed by Ralph Bakshi .
English Only , Please is a 2014 Filipino romantic comedy film directed by Dan Villegas and starring Jennylyn Mercado and Derek Ramsay .
Enter Arsène Lupin is a 1944 American crime film directed by Ford Beebe and starring Charles Korvin , Ella Raines and J. Carrol Naish .
Song of Naples ( Italian : Ascoltami , German : Das Lied von Neapel , ... und vergib mir meine Schuld ) is a 1957 Italian - German melodrama film written and directed by Carlo Campogalliani and starring Joachim Fuchsberger and Janet Vidor .
Sau Crore is an Indian film from 1991 starring , produced , and directed by Dev Anand .
Prisoner Number One ( Danish : Fange nr . 1 ) is a 1935 Danish comedy film directed by Pál Fejös and starring Christian Arhoff , Robert Storm Petersen and Rasmus Christiansen .
Innocent Thing ( Hangul : 가시 ; RR : Gasi ; lit . `` Thorn '' ) is a 2014 South Korean romantic thriller film directed by Kim Tae - kyun , starring Jang Hyuk and Jo Bo - ah .
Mukhra is a 1988 Pakistani Punjabi hit film starring Nadeem Baig and Babra Sharif .
Tread Softly Stranger is a 1958 British crime drama directed by Gordon Parry and starring Diana Dors , George Baker and Terence Morgan .
Rocket Gibraltar is a 1988 American drama film released directed by Daniel Petrie , and stars Burt Lancaster , Patricia Clarkson and Macaulay Culkin in his film debut .
Badnam is a 1990 Bengali film directed by Shibu Mitra and produced by Ms. Rupanjali . The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee and Neelam Kothari in the lead roles .
All Over the Town is a 1949 British comedy film directed by Derek N. Twist and starring Norman Wooland , Sarah Churchill and Cyril Cusack .
The Killer Likes Candy ( Italian : Un killer per sua maestà , French : Le tueur aime les bonbons , German : Zucker für den Mörder ) is a 1968 Italian - French - German Eurospy film directed by Maurice Cloche and Federico Chentrens and starring Kerwin Mathews .
Blood and Bullets ( Italian : Sangue di sbirro , also known as Knell , Bloody Avenger ) is a 1976 Italian poliziottesco film written and directed by Alfonso Brescia and starring Jack Palance , George Eastman and Jenny Tamburi .
The Unfaithful is a 1947 film noir directed by Vincent Sherman , starring Ann Sheridan , Lew Ayres and Zachary Scott .
The Knickerbocker Buckaroo was a 1919 American silent Western / romantic comedy film directed by Albert Parker and starring Douglas Fairbanks , who also wrote ( under the pseudonym Elton Thomas ) and produced the film .
Odeio o Dia dos Namorados ( English : I Hate Valentine 's Day ) is a Brazilian comedy film , directed by Roberto Santucci , written by Paulo Cursino and starring Heloísa Périssé , Daniel Boaventura and Danielle Winits .
Second Effort is a 1968 sales training film starring Vince Lombardi , the Hall of Fame head coach of the Green Bay Packers .
The Road to Hollywood is a 1947 American film released by Astor Pictures that is a combination of several of Bing Crosby 's Educational Pictures short subjects .
Monique van de Ven - Keetje Tippel Rutger Hauer - Hugo Peter Faber - George Andrea Domburg - Keetje 's moeder Hannah de Leeuwe - Mina , Keetje 's zus Jan Blaaser - Keetje 's vader Eddie Brugman - André Jennifer Willems
The Railway Owner ( Italian title : Il padrone delle ferriere ) is a 1919 Italian silent drama film directed by Eugenio Perego and starring Luigi Serventi , Maria Caserini and Amleto Novelli .
Blind Injustice is a film that stars Jamie Luner , Josie Davis , James Thomas , Theresa Russell , Thomas Mitchell and K. C. Collins .
José and Pilar ( Portuguese : José e Pilar ) is a Portuguese documentary directed by Miguel Gonçalves Mendes following the last years of the Nobel Prize winner José Saramago , chiefly through his relationship with his resolute wife , Pilar del Río .
Nandha ( Tamil : நந்தா ) is a 2001 Indian Tamil drama film written and directed by Bala , starring Suriya and Laila in the leading roles , while Rajkiran , Saravanan and Rajshree play other supporting roles .
Hey , Taxi ! is a 1925 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy .
Naagapanchami is a 1989 Indian Malayalam film , directed by J. Sasikumar , starring Suresh Gopi and Shobhana in the lead roles .
Angelfist is a 1993 action / thriller film starring Catya Sassoon , Michael Shaner , and Melissa Moore .
Ichabod and Me is a 36-episode American situation comedy series set in a small New England town and starring Robert Sterling and George Chandler .
Kakkakuyil is a 2001 Malayalam comedy film produced , written , and directed by Priyadarshan starring Mohanlal and Mukesh in the lead roles .
Andrew Spicer ( writing in 2001 ) wrote ' ( Stanley ) Baker 's officer hero Langford in Yesterday 's Enemy is no gentleman .
A Chairy Tale ( French : Il était une chaise ) is a 1957 stop - motion pixilation short film co - directed by Norman McLaren and Claude Jutra , and starring Jutra and a most uncooperative chair .
His Butler 's Sister is a 1943 American romantic comedy film directed by Frank Borzage and starring Deanna Durbin .
The Midnight Taxi is a 1928 early part - talkie thriller picture from Warner Bros. directed by John G. Adolfi and starring Antonio Moreno , Helen Costello and Myrna Loy .
The Prenup is a 2015 Filipino romantic comedy film starring Jennylyn Mercado and Sam Milby .
The Flirting Widow is a 1930 American Pre - Code comedy film directed by William A. Seiter and produced and released by First National Pictures , a subsidiary of Warner Bros. The film stars Dorothy Mackaill , Basil Rathbone , Leila Hyams and Claude Gillingwater .
In Harm 's Way is a 1965 American epic war film produced and directed by Otto Preminger and starring John Wayne , Kirk Douglas , Patricia Neal , Tom Tryon , Paula Prentiss , Stanley Holloway , Burgess Meredith , Brandon deWilde , Jill Haworth , Dana Andrews , and Henry Fonda .
Pandu Ranga Vittala ( Kannada : ಪಾಂಡು ರಂಗ ವಿಠಲ ) is a 2005 Indian Kannada film , directed by Dinesh Baboo and produced by A Ganesh and Narayan J. The film stars V. Ravichandran , Rambha , Prema and Shruti in lead roles .
Bless the Child is a 2000 American horror - thriller film directed by Chuck Russell , starring Kim Basinger , Jimmy Smits , Angela Bettis , Rufus Sewell , Christina Ricci , and Holliston Coleman .
The Unlawful Trade is a 1914 American silent short drama film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Pauline Bush , William Lloyd , George Cooper , and Lon Chaney .
Time Out for Rhythm is a 1941 musical comedy film starring Rudy Vallée , Ann Miller and the Three Stooges ( Moe Howard , Larry Fine , and Curly Howard ) .
Archie 's Final Project is a teen comedy - drama film directed by David Lee Miller and starring Gabriel Sunday .
Say Salaam India ' is an 2007 Indian Hindi language movie , written and directed by Subhash Kapoor , and starring Sanjay Suri , Milind Soman and Sandhya Mridul .
Weekend of a Champion ( alternately titled Afternoon of a Champion ) is a British 1972 documentary film that captures the effort of British Formula One racing driver Jackie Stewart to compete in the 1971 Monaco Grand Prix in Monte Carlo .
Bansi Lal did not contest the assembly elections in 2005 but his sons Chaudhary Surender Singh and Ranbir Singh Mahendra were elected to the state assembly .
Lieutenant ( later Colonel ) William Dolley Tipton ( sometimes erroneously referred to as William Duncan Tipton ) began his military career as a World War I Sopwith Camel pilot .
Stridsvagn m/42 ( Strv m/42 ) was Swedish medium tank in service in the World War II period .
Joshua James Guppey ( August 27 , 1820 -- December 8 , 1893 ) was a military officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War , judge , school superintendent and politician .
Vice - Admiral François - Paul Brueys d'Aigalliers , Comte de Brueys ( February 12 , 1753 , Uzès , Gard -- August 1 , 1798 ) was the French commander in the Battle of the Nile , in which the French Revolutionary Navy was defeated by Royal Navy forces under Admiral Horatio Nelson .
Joseph John Franklin ( June 18 , 1870 -- April 28 , 1940 ) was a United States Marine who received the Medal of Honor during the Spanish-- American War .
Rear Admiral John Ancrum Winslow ( 19 November 1811 -- 29 September 1873 ) was an officer in the United States Navy during the Mexican - American War and the American Civil War .
During the First Anglo-- Maratha War ( 1775 - -1782 ) , General Thomas Wyndham Goddard with 6,000 troops stormed Bhadra Fort and captured Ahmedabad on February 15 , 1779 .
Captain William Wendell Rogers ( 10 November 1896 -- 11 January 1967 ) was a World War I flying ace credited with nine aerial victories .
Otto Binge , ( born 19 May 1895 in Cottbus ; died 18 July 1982 ) was an SS - Standartenführer ( Colonel ) during World War II and a commander of 17 .
Dickey Chapelle , born Georgette Louise Meyer ( March 14 , 1919 - -November 4 , 1965 ) , was an American photojournalist known for her work as a war correspondent from World War II through the Vietnam War .
Donald E. Adams ( February 23 , 1921 -- August 30 , 1952 ) was a United States Air Force flying ace during the Korean War .
Karl von Plettenberg was in command of the Guards Corps at the outset of World War I , assigned to the 2nd Army as part of the right wing of the forces that invaded France and Belgium as part of the Schlieffen Plan offensive in August 1914 .
Jean - Pierre Maïone - Libaude was a French veteran of the Algerian War ( 1954 - -62 ) , former member of the OAS ' Delta commando , a nationalist terrorist group .
Baron Charles - Joseph Christiani ( 27 February 1772 -- 6 April 1840 ) was a French Army Maréchal de camp who served during the Napoleonic Wars .
William Westerhold ( January 21 , 1836 -- May 12 , 1910 ) was a sergeant in the United States Army during the American Civil War .
Air Vice - Marshal Ekanayake Edward Rohan Amerasekera DFC & BAR , RCyAF ( 21 May 1916 -- 20 March 1974 ) third Commander of the Royal Ceylon Air Force and World War II Royal Air Force Navigator .
Samuel Miles ( March 11 , 1740 -- December 29 , 1805 ) was an American military officer and politician , active in Pennsylvania before , during , and after the American Revolutionary War .
Nikola Kalabić ( until the start of World War II ) worked in Land - registry management in Valjevo .
Fernand Goux ( 31 December 1899 -- 9 November 2008 ) was , at age 108 , the penultimate French World War I veteran , with Pierre Picault being the last .
Flight Lieutenant Francis James Davies DFC ( 20 October 1889 -- 7 March 1941 ) was a British World War I flying ace credited with twelve aerial victories .
Emmanouel Pappas ( Greek : Εμμανουήλ Παππάς ; 1772 - -1821 ) , prominent member of Filiki Etaireia and leader of the Greek War of Independence in Macedonia was one of the most heroic figures of the Struggle .
George G. Wortman ( August 15 , 1841 -- May 19 , 1913 ) was a 19th - century Canadian - American soldier who served in the U.S. Army during the American Civil War and the Indian Wars .
Dr. Herward Braunegg ( 26 December 1917 -- 16 December 1983 ) was a highly decorated Hauptmann in the Wehrmacht during World War II and Oberst of the Reserves in the Bundesheer .
The Merkava IV was used more extensively during the Gaza War , as it had been received by the IDF in increasing numbers since 2006 , replacing more of the Merkava II and III versions of the tank that were in service .
In 1941 , Carroll O'Connor enrolled at Wake Forest University in North Carolina , but dropped out when the United States entered World War II . During World War II he was rejected by the United States Navy and enrolled in the United States Merchant Marine Academy for a short time .
USS Pansy ( 1861 ) was a steamer acquired by the Union Navy from the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Hans Endreß ( Endress ) ( 5 July 1911 -- 24 January 1969 ) was a Hauptsturmführer ( Captain ) in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Lieutenant - Colonel Robert Clerk ( c.1720 -- 1797 ) was a British engineer officer who served in the War of the Austrian Succession and the Seven Years ' War .
USS Susan Ann Howard ( 1863 ) was a schooner requisitioned from the prize court by the Union Navy during the Union blockade of the American Civil War .
Joseph Leonard ( August 28 , 1876 - -September 23 , 1946 ) was a United States Marine private received the Medal of Honor for actions during the Philippine-- American War .
Joseph Horace Eaton ( October 12 , 1815 -- January 20 , 1896 ) was an American artist and a career officer in the United States Army ( Regular Army ) who served as a brevet brigadier general in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
The Maryland Line continued to distinguish itself in the later battles of the Southern theater of the American Revolutionary War with John Gunby continuing to command the 1st Maryland Regiment .
William W. Chisman ( 1843 -- 1925 ) was a Union Army soldier during the American Civil War who received the Medal of Honor for gallantry during the Siege of Vicksburg on May 22 , 1863 .
Brought up between the Swedish court , Italy , and Britain , where his mother owned two large houses , Hellens in Herefordshire and Southside House in Wimbledon , Malcolm Munthe became a British citizen at the outbreak of World War II in order to fight , since Sweden would be neutral throughout the war .
Mihail Savov and Ferdinand are considered the main characters responsible for the Second Balkan War .
William Henry Carroll ( 1810 -- May 3 , 1868 ) was a wealthy planter , a postmaster , and a Brigadier General in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War .
Frederick William , Baron de Woedtke ( c. 1740 - 31 July 1776 ) was a Prussian officer who served in the American Revolutionary War .
The Beretta M1935 was captured in huge numbers during World War II from Italian and German armed forces by allied soldiers , who liked it because of its small size , rugged design and good construction .
USS Althea ( 1863 ) was a screw steamer acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War .
After his release , Rodoljub Čolaković emigrated to the Soviet Union and later took part in the Spanish Civil War on the Republican side .
James Allen Hardie ( May 5 , 1823 -- December 14 , 1876 ) was an American soldier , serving in a number of important administrative positions in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
The USAT Sgt . Archer T. Gammon which served the United States Army at the end of World War II was named in his honor .
Galen Cole ( born 1925 ) is a Maine World War II veteran and philanthropist .
Hans - Henning Freiherr von Beust ( 17 April 1913 -- 27 March 1991 ) was a highly decorated Oberst in the Luftwaffe during World War II , and one of only 882 recipients of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub ) .
Richard Enderlin ( January 11 , 1843 -- February 11 , 1930 ) was a musician and United States Army soldier who received a Medal of Honor for the heroism he displayed when fighting in the Battle of Gettysburg in 1863 .
Educated at the Canford School , David Sheldrick returned to Kenya until World War II began in 1939 .
The FAMAS has been used in the following conflicts : 1982 Lebanon War Operation Manta Chadian--
John Willian , Jr. ( 1835 -- April 25 , 1869 ) was an American Union brevet brigadier general during the period of the American Civil War .
Admiral Sir Henry Ducie Chads , GCB ( 1788 - -1868 ) was an officer in the Royal Navy who saw action from the Napoleonic Wars to the Crimean War .
Constantin Prezan ( January 27 , 1861 Butimanu , Dâmbovița County -- August 27 , 1943 ) was a Romanian general during World War I and a Marshal of Romania afterward .
Count Michel - Marie Pacthod ( 1764 - -1830 ) was a French officer during the French Revolutionary Wars and Napoleonic Wars , who rose to the rank of General of Division in 1808 .
NGC 3628 , also known as the Hamburger Galaxy or Sarah 's Galaxy is an unbarred spiral galaxy about 35 million light - years away in the constellation Leo .
Peacock Ridge ( 66 ° 48′S 51 ° 0′E ) is a ridge standing between Mount Soucek and Mount Porteus , in the north part of the Tula Mountains in Enderby Land , Antarctica .
Mount Romnaes ( 71 ° 31′S 24 ° 0′E ) is a prominent isolated mountain in Antarctica .
Säntis is among the most prominent summits in the Alps and the most prominent summit in Europe with an observation deck on the top .
Sliven Peak ( Vrah Sliven \'vr&h ' sli - ven\ ) rises to 530 m in the east extremity of Melnik Ridge , Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Romeo Island is a rocky island lying off the north coast of Greenwich Island and west of Aitcho Islands in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
The Johnson Nunataks ( 85 ° 2′S 92 ° 30′W ) are two isolated rock crags , or nunataks , which lie 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) west of Reed Ridge , along the northwest side of Ford Massif in the Thiel Mountains of Antarctica .
Luncke Ridge ( 68 ° 29′S 78 ° 25′E ) is a fairly prominent ridge on the northern side of the eastern extremity of Langnes Fjord in the Vestfold Hills of Antarctica .
Kvithovden Peak ( 72 ° 22′S 0 ° 45′E ) is a peak at the north end of Kvitkjolen Ridge in the Sverdrup Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Rhodes Bluff ( 79 ° 50′S 83 ° 20′W ) is a bare rock bluff 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) northwest of Mount Dolence , forming the northwest end of Enterprise Hills in the Heritage Range of Antarctica .
DeZafra Ridge ( 79 ° 17′S 157 ° 27′E ) is a narrow but prominent rock ridge , 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) long , which extends north from the northeast cliffs of Longhurst Plateau in the Cook Mountains of Antarctica .
Morales Peak ( 86 ° 15′S 126 ° 22′W ) is a peak which rises from the southern part of Metavolcanic Mountain in Antarctica , just east of Reedy Glacier .
The Four Ramps ( 84 ° 42′S 177 ° 35′E ) are a group of four small rock spurs , roughly parallel and projecting through the snow surface , forming the northeast part of Sullivan Ridge on the west side of Ramsey Glacier , Antarctica .
Mount Kazukaitis ( 72 ° 2′S 100 ° 55′W ) is a peak of the Walker Mountains , located at the base of Hughes Peninsula in the western part of Thurston Island , Antarctica .
Exile Nunatak ( 70 ° 19′S 71 ° 16′W ) is an isolated nunatak in the northwest part of Handel Ice Piedmont in the west - central part of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Karnobat Pass ( Karnobatski Prohod \kar - no-'bat - ski ' pro - hod\ ) is a 220 m wide and 720 m high pass in Levski Ridge in Tangra Mountains , Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
The Fletcher Nunataks ( 74 ° 54′S 72 ° 47′W ) are two nunataks lying 2.2 nautical miles ( 4.1 km ) southwest of Barker Nunatak in the Grossman Nunataks , in Antarctica .
McCarthy Point ( 74 ° 25′S 130 ° 59′W ) is an ice - covered point that marks the northeastern extremity of Grant Island on the seaward edge of the Getz Ice Shelf , Antarctica .
Mount Fedallah ( 65 ° 43′S 62 ° 52′W ) is a mountain approximately 1,250 metres ( 4,100 ft ) high , situated east of the Pip Cliffs , on the north side of Flask Glacier , in the south - east foothills of Madrid Dome in Aristotle Mountains , eastern Graham Land Antarctica .
Manhaul Glacier ( 72 ° 24′S 169 ° 45′E ) is a glacier flowing from the east slopes of Mount Humphrey Lloyd to enter Edisto Inlet just south of Luther Peak , in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
McCrilliss Nunatak ( 85 ° 27′S 128 ° 55′W ) is a nunatak marking the north end of the Gierloff Nunataks on the north side of the Wisconsin Range , Horlick Mountains , Antarctica .
Driscoll Island is a narrow , ice - covered island 30 kilometres ( 16 nmi ) long , lying in Block Bay along the coast of Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Meander Glacier ( 73 ° 16′S 166 ° 55′E ) is a large meandering tributary to Mariner Glacier in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
The Krasnov Rocks ( 71 ° 48′S 10 ° 20′E ) are a linear group of rocks 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) south - southeast of the summit of Mount Dallmann , in the Orvin Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
The Hermite Islands ( Spanish : Islas Hermite ) are the islands Hermite , Herschel , Deceit and Hornos as well as the islets Maxwell , Jerdán , Arrecife , Chantieler , Hall , Deceit ( islet ) , and Hasse at almost the southernmost end of South America .
Mount Kropotkin is a peak on the west side of Jøkulkyrkja Mountain in the Mühlig - Hofmann Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Sri Lanka ( /sriːˈlɑːŋkə , -ˈlæŋkə/ or i / ʃriː-/ ; Sinhalese - ශ්‍රී ලංකාව , Tamil Ilaṅkai ) , officially the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka and known from the beginning of British colonial rule until 1972 as Ceylon ( /sᵻˈlɒnˌ seɪ-ˌ siː-/ ) , is an island country in South Asia near south - east India .
Perce Point ( 72 ° 8′S 74 ° 38′W ) is a low ice - covered headland 12 nautical miles ( 22 km ) west - northwest of Berlioz Point on the southern coast of the Beethoven Peninsula , situated in the wouthwest portion of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Fishtrap Cove ( 68 ° 11′S 67 ° 0′W ) is a small cove 0.1 nautical miles ( 0.2 km ) northwest of Boulder Point on the southwest side of Stonington Island , close off the west coast of Graham Land , Antarctica .
Gornik Knoll ( Bulgarian : хълм Горник , `` Halm Gornik '' \'h&lm ' gor - nik\ ) is the rocky hill rising to 466 m on the southeast side of Cugnot Ice Piedmont on Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land , Antarctica .
MacKay Peak is an ice - covered pyramidal peak rising to 770 m in Friesland Ridge , Tangra Mountains , Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Mount McIntosh ( 77 ° 31′S 168 ° 41′E ) is a mountain rising to about 2,600 metres ( 8,500 ft ) in the western part of the Kyle Hills , on Ross Island , Antarctica .
Barnard Point is a headland which marks the south - east side of the entrance to False Bay on the south side of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Asparuh Peak ( Asparuhov Vrah \as - pa-'ru - hov ' vr&h\ ) is a peak situated on Livingston Island , Antarctica .
Huey Creek ( 77 ° 36′S 163 ° 7′E ) is a glacial meltwater stream , 1.2 nautical miles ( 2.2 km ) long , flowing south from an ice field west of Mount Falconer to the north - central shore of Lake Fryxell , in Taylor Valley , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Neuburg Peak is a jagged rock peak in Antarctica , 1,840 m , rising 2.5 nautical miles ( 4.6 km ) east of Walker Peak in the southwest part of Dufek Massif , Pensacola Mountains .
Mount Gerlache ( 74 ° 59′S 162 ° 26′E ) is a prominent mountain , 980 metres ( 3,220 ft ) high , standing on the northeast side of Larsen Glacier between Widowmaker Pass and Backstairs Passage Glacier , in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Vahsel Bay ( German : Vahselbucht ) is a bay about 7 miles wide in the western part of the Luitpold Coast , Antarctica .
Mount Eather ( 70 ° 29′S 65 ° 50′E ) is a mountain about 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) south of the Martin Massif in the Porthos Range of the Prince Charles Mountains of Antarctica .
Metzgar Nunatak ( 74 ° 28′S 72 ° 25′W ) is a nunatak rising to about 1,700 metres ( 5,600 ft ) 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) south of Tollefson Nunatak in the Yee Nunataks , Palmer Land , Antarctica .
Anderson Dome is a prominent ice - covered dome mountain rising to 1,475 metres ( 4,840 ft ) on the east side of Gopher Glacier , 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) east of the similar - appearing Bonnabeau Dome , in the Jones Mountains in Antarctica .
Erebus Glacier ( 77 ° 40′S 167 ° 6′E ) is a glacier draining the lower southern slopes of Mount Erebus , Ross Island , Antarctica .
Mount Hirman ( 75 ° 28′S 72 ° 46′W ) is a prominent mountain marking the southern end of the Behrendt Mountains , in Ellsworth Land , Antarctica .
Price Bluff ( 86 ° 32′S 144 ° 34′W ) is a large cliff 5 nautical miles ( 9.3 km ; 5.8 mi ) northeast of Mount Mooney , standing near the head of Robison Glacier in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica .
Poibrene Heights ( Bulgarian : Поибренски възвишения , `` Poibrenski Vazvisheniya '' \po-'i - bren - ski v&-zvi-'she - ni - ya\ ) are the heights rising to 850 m ( Ravnogor Peak ) on Oscar II Coast , Graham Land in Antarctica .
The Blackwall Mountains ( 68 ° 22′S 66 ° 48′W ) in Antarctica rise to 1,370 metres ( 4,500 ft ) , extending in a west - northwest -- east - southeast direction for 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) and lying close south of Neny Fjord on the west coast of Graham Land .
Moe Point ( 70 ° 19′S 62 ° 23′W ) is a point consisting of a small bare rock bluff , located just south of Croom Glacier on the northwest side of Smith Inlet , in Palmer Land , Antarctica .
Leniz Point , also known as Barbaro Point , is the northern extremity of the small peninsula on which Mount Banck stands , lying 1 nautical mile ( 2 km ) south of Bryde Island on the west coast of Graham Land , Antarctica .
Mount Hollingshead ( 70 ° 41′S 66 ° 10′E ) is a large peak about 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) east of Mount Dowie in the Aramis Range of the Prince Charles Mountains in Antarctica .
The Tuvalu National Football Association is an associate member of the Oceania Football Confederation ( OFC ) and is seeking membership in FIFA .
Mönkh Saridag ( also spelled as Munku - Sardyk ; Mongolian : Мөнх сарьдаг , lit . `` eternal aiguille '' ) is the highest mountain in the Sayan Mountains of Asia .
The Gordon Nunataks ( 72 ° 53′S 63 ° 48′W ) are a group of nunataks on the south side of Mosby Glacier , near its head , in south - central Palmer Land , Antarctica .
Angino Buttress is a prominent buttress - type mountain near the center of the Skelton Icefalls in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
The Hannam Islands are three small islands lying in the eastern part of Commonwealth Bay , Antarctica , midway between Cape Denison and Cape Gray .
Trigrad Gap ( Trigradska Sedlovina \tri-'grad - ska se - dlo - vi-'na\ ) is a saddle of 500 m height in the Delchev Ridge in the Tangra Mountains of eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Iran ( /aɪˈræn/ or i / ɪˈrɑːn/ ; Persian : Irān -- ایران‎‎ ( ʔiːˈɾɒːn ) ) , also known as Persia ( /ˈpɜːrʒə/ or /ˈpɜːrʃə/ ) , officially the Islamic Republic of Iran ( جمهوری اسلامی ایران -- Jomhuri ye Eslāmi ye Irān ( d͡ʒomhuːˌɾije eslɒːˌmije ʔiːˈɾɒːn ) ) , is a country in Western Asia .
Alligator Ridge ( 78 ° 27′S 158 ° 48′E ) is a spectacular serrated rock ridge in Antarctica , extending northeast for 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) from Alligator Peak in the Boomerang Range into Skelton Neve .
Vivaldi Glacier ( 70 ° 47′S 69 ° 50′W ) is a glacier lying between the Colbert Mountains and the Lully Foothills , flowing south from Purcell Snowfield into the head of Schubert Inlet on the west coast of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Perrier Bay ( 64 ° 23′S 63 ° 45′W ) is a bay 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ) wide indenting the northwest coast of Anvers Island in the Palmer Archipelago , Antarctica between Obitel Peninsula and Goten Peninsula .
Paumelle Point ( 65 ° 4′S 64 ° 3′W ) is a point marking the south side of the entrance to Libois Bay and the northwest end of the peninsula that forms the west extremity of Booth Island , in the Wilhelm Archipelago , Antarctica .
Gale Escarpment ( 72 ° 55′S 75 ° 23′E ) is a northwest - facing escarpment of rock and ice , standing eastward of Mount Harding and Wilson Ridge in the Grove Mountains of Antarctica .
Jamieson Ridge ( 80 ° 27′S 25 ° 53′W ) is a narrow ridge 1 nautical mile ( 2 km ) long , rising to about 1,200 metres ( 4,000 ft ) at the southwestern end of the Herbert Mountains , in the Shackleton Range , Antarctica .
Latady Island is a low ice - covered island off Antarctica , about 60 kilometres ( 35 nmi ) long and more than 20 kilometres ( 10 nmi ) wide , lying 80 kilometres ( 45 nmi ) south of Charcot Island and west of Alexander Island .
Agüero Point is a trapezoid - shaped and mostly ice - covered point projecting 900 m east - northeastwards from the east coast of Ioannes Paulus II Peninsula into Hero Bay , Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Mount Moberly ( 64 ° 44′S 63 ° 41′W ) is a steep - sided , snow - covered mountain , 1,535 metres ( 5,040 ft ) high , at the end of the ridge extending southwest from Mount Français in the southern part of Anvers Island , in the Palmer Archipelago , Antarctica .
Basalt Lake is a small freshwater lake surrounded by three basalt outcrops with `` organ - pipe '' formations in their rocks , situated in the central part of the ice - free Byers Peninsula , Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Kirkpatrick Glacier ( 75 ° 9′S 136 ° 0′W ) is a tributary glacier about 12 nautical miles ( 22 km ) long , flowing west along the south side of the McDonald Heights to enter the east side of Hull Glacier near the coast of Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Ritli Hill ( Bulgarian : хълм Ритли , `` Halm Ritli '' \'h&lm ' rit - li\ ) is a rocky hill rising to 45 m on the south coast of western Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Cape Timblón is the conspicuous rocky cape forming the north extremity of Snow Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Collins Glacier ( 73 ° 41′S 65 ° 55′E ) is a glacier about 11 nautical miles ( 20 km ) wide at its confluence with the Mellor Glacier , which it feeds from the southwest , located north of Mount Newton in the Prince Charles Mountains of Antarctica .
Mount Isherwood ( 74 ° 59′S 113 ° 43′W ) is a flattish , mainly ice - covered mountain with steep rock slopes , located 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) west - southwest of Mount Strange in the Kohler Range of Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Hales Peak ( 64 ° 8′S 62 ° 9′W ) is a peak rising from the northeast shoulder of Mount Cabeza in the northeast part of Brabant Island , Palmer Archipelago , Antarctica .
The Flårjuvnutane Peaks ( 72 ° 1′S 3 ° 32′W ) are a group of small rock peaks about 1 nautical mile ( 2 km ) west of Flårjuven Bluff , on the Ahlmann Ridge in Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Mount Henry Lucy ( 85 ° 11′S 170 ° 26′E ) is a prominent peak , 3,020 metres ( 9,900 ft ) high , standing 2.5 nautical miles ( 5 km ) south - southeast of Mount White at the southern end of the Supporters Range , Antarctica .
The Dikstra Buttresses ( 69 ° 48′S 69 ° 53′W ) are a group of summits rising to about 1,500 metres ( 5,000 ft ) on the western side of the Douglas Range , northern Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Foale Nunatak ( 70 ° 16′S 65 ° 20′E ) is a nunatak lying 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) east - northeast of Moore Pyramid on the north side of Scylla Glacier , in the Prince Charles Mountains of Antarctica .
Yukidori Valley lies in the middle of the Langhovde Hills , on the east coast of Lützow - Holm Bay , in Queen Maud Land of East Antarctica , about 20 km south of Japan 's Showa Station .
Cape Goldschmidt ( 80 ° 41′S 161 ° 12′E ) is a low ice - covered cape forming the eastern tip of Nicholson Peninsula , at the west side of the Ross Ice Shelf , Antarctica .
Hlubeck Glacier ( 72 ° 30′S 97 ° 9′W ) is a glacier 9 nautical miles ( 17 km ) west of Long Glacier in southeast Thurston Island , Antarctica .
Morrill Peak is a sharp - pointed peak , about 550 metres ( 1,800 ft ) high , in the Desko Mountains , rising 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) west - northwest of Thuma Peak in southeast Rothschild Island , Antarctica .
Arruiz Glacier ( 70 ° 39′S 162 ° 9′E ) is a tributary glacier in the Explorers Range of the Bowers Mountains in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Hobbs Ridge ( 77 ° 53′S 163 ° 58′E ) is a prominent arc - shaped ridge which circumscribes Hobbs Glacier to the north and northwest and forms the divide with the lower part of Blue Glacier , on the Scott Coast of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Kvitskarvhalsen Saddle ( 72 ° 30′S 0 ° 51′E ) is an ice saddle between Mount Krüger and the Robin Heights in the Sverdrup Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Guido Island ( 64 ° 55′S 63 ° 50′W ) is an island lying 1 nautical mile ( 2 km ) northeast of Prioress Island in the Wauwermans Islands , in the Wilhelm Archipelago , Antarctica .
The Husky Heights ( 84 ° 53′S 176 ° 0′E ) are relatively flat , ice - covered heights 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) southeast of Haynes Table , overlooking the head of Brandau Glacier in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica .
Detaille Island is a small island off the northern end of the Arrowsmith Peninsula in Graham Land , Antarctica .
Ellis Cone ( 75 ° 49′S 116 ° 23′W ) is one of several small cones or cone remnants along the southwest side of Toney Mountain in Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
McCaslin Nunatak ( 85 ° 38′S 140 ° 57′W ) is an isolated nunatak 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) south of the west end of the Bender Mountains , Antarctica .
Yanköy , Serik is a village in the District of Serik , Antalya Province , Turkey .
Bangar - e Olya ( Persian : بانگار عليا‎ , also Romanized as Bāngār - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Ozgoleh Rural District , Ozgoleh District , Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 100 , in 23 families .
The NatFilm Festival , staged annually across 16 cinemas in Copenhagen , in addition to several in Odense , Aalborg ( replaced by Kolding in 2007 ) and Århus , shows the widest programme of films to the largest festival audience in Denmark .
Murray Beach Provincial Park , is a provincial park in the Province of New Brunswick , Canada .
Kalkin ( Persian : كلكين‎ , also Romanized as Kalkīn ) is a village in Yeylaq Rural District , in the Central District of Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Palizan ( Persian : پاليزان‎ , also Romanized as Pālīzān ; also known as Pālezān ) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District , Irandegan District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Avenida Alvear is an upscale thoroughfare in Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Annenieki Parish ( Latvian : Annenieku pagasts ) is an administrative unit of Dobele Municipality , Latvia .
Yumbel is a town and commune of the Province of Bío Bío in the region of the same name , Chile .
Mungia is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay , in the Basque Country of northern Spain .
Brestovica pri Povirju ( pronounced ( ˈbɾeːstɔʋitsa pɾi pɔˈʋiːɾju ) ; Italian : Brestovizza ) is a small settlement north of Povir in the Municipality of Sežana in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Takab County or Tekab County ( Persian : شهرستان تکاب‎‎ ) is a county in West Azerbaijan Province in Iran .
El Puig ( Valencian pronunciation : ( eɫ ˈputʃ ) ) , officially El Puig de Santa Maria since 2012 ( also known as El Puig d'Enesa or El Puig de Cepolla ) , is a village situated 15 km north of the city of Valencia in the comarca of Horta Nord , Spain .
Truszki - Patory ( ˈtruʂki paˈtɔrɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno , within Kolno County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Halifax Convention Centre is a conference centre under construction in downtown Halifax , Nova Scotia , Canada .
The Schleswig Geest ( German : Schleswigsche Geest , Danish : Slesvigsk Gest ) lies between the North Frisian Marsh and Schleswig - Holstein Uplands in the north of Schleswig - Holstein ( Southern Schleswig ) in Germany .
Vendsyssel is the northernmost traditional district of Denmark and of Jutland .
Tabriz International Airport ( Persian : فرودگاه بین المللی تبریز‎‎ ) ( IATA : TBZ , ICAO : OITT ) is an airport that serves Tabriz , Iran .
Tuturqan ( Persian : توتورقان‎ , also Romanized as Tūtūrqān ; also known as Tūtūrqānlu ) is a village in Qeshlaqat - e Afshar Rural District , Afshar District , Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Llaqtan ( Quechua llaqta place ( village , town , city , country , nation ) , -n a suffix , hispanicized spelling Llactan ) is an archaeological site in Peru .
Clifden ( Irish : An Clochán , meaning `` stepping stones '' ) is a town on the coast of County Galway , Ireland and being Connemara 's largest town , it is often referred to as `` the Capital of Connemara '' .
Valkyrie plass is a square in Oslo , Norway , located one block southeast of Majorstuen .
Frue Plads ( literally `` Square of ( Our ) Lady '' ) is a public square located on the north side of the Church of Our Lady in central Copenhagen , Denmark .
Gudaibiya ( Qudaibiya ) is a neighbourhood in Manama , the capital city of Bahrain .
Baqeriyeh ( Persian : باقريه‎ , also Romanized as Bāqerīyeh ) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District , Miyan Jolgeh District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Sânmihaiu de Câmpie ( Hungarian : Mezőszentmihály ) is a commune in Bistrița - Năsăud County , Romania .
Colonelgunj is a pre - dominantly Bengali locality / township of Allahabad , Uttar Pradesh , India .
Mendi , Papua New Guinea , is the provincial capital of the Southern Highlands Province .
José Bernardo Gutiérrez de Lara School of Medicine ( JBGdL ) is a medical school located in Nueva Ciudad Guerrero , Tamaulipas , Mexico .
Strakonice ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈstrakoɲɪtsɛ ) ; German : Strakonitz ) is a town in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
Gran Teatro Cervantes is a theatre , dedicated to Miguel Cervantes , in Tangier , Morocco .
Marmala waterfall lies a few kilometres away from Erattupetta , in Kottayam district , Kerala , India inside a private estate .
Stare Łosienice ( ˈstarɛ wɔɕɛˈnit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Stora Huvön was voted one of Sweden 's most lovely islands in a nationwide poll .
Keiskammahoek ( also spelled Keiskamahoek ) is a town in the Eastern Cape Province , South Africa .
The Brussels Metro ( French : Métro de Bruxelles , Dutch : Brusselse metro ) is a rapid transit system serving a large part of the Brussels - Capital Region of Belgium , EU .
The Montreal Festivals ( French : Festivals de Montréal ) was an arts festival held annually in Montreal , Canada from 1936 - 1965 .
Xuan'en County ( Chinese : 宣恩 ; pinyin : Xuān'ēn ) is a county of southwestern Hubei province , People 's Republic of China .
Pehuajó ( Spanish pronunciation : ( pewaˈxo ) ) is a city in the Pehuajó Partido ( Pehuajó district ) in the province of Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Founded in 1956 the Beijing University of Chinese Medicine is one of the earliest established traditional Chinese medical institutions for higher learning in the People Republic of China .
Kennedys Bush is a south - western suburb of Christchurch , New Zealand .
Sheshkal ( Persian : ششکل‎ , also Romanized as Sheshkel ; also known as Shishkal ) is a village in Dehshal Rural District , in the Central District of Astaneh - ye Ashrafiyeh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Smalltown Supersound is an independent record label based in Oslo , Norway , and dedicated to new forms of jazz , rock and electronic music .
Getamej ( Armenian : Գետամեջ , also Romanized as Getamech ; until 1948 , Ketran ) is a town in the Kotayk Province of Armenia .
The Mokihinui River is a river located on the West Coast of New Zealand 's South Island , about 40 kilometres north of Westport .
Nürburgring is a 150,000-capacity motorsports complex located in the village of Nürburg , Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Darvishan Bar ( Persian : درويشانبر‎ , also Romanized as Darvīshān Bar ; also known as Darvīshāneh Bar ) is a village in Divshal Rural District , in the Central District of Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Thollapalli is a small hamlet in Karnataka ( near Pathapalya ) , Chikkaballapur district , India located at the longitude of 77.9477728 and the latitude of 13.788571 .
The 2011 Copa do Brasil ( officially known as the 2011 Copa Kia do Brasil for sponsorship reasons ) was the 23rd edition of the Copa do Brasil , Brazil 's national football cup tournament .
Sławoborze ( swavɔˈbɔʐɛ ) ( German : Stolzenberg ) is a village in Świdwin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
In UK railway history , Spath is notable as the site of the first automatic ( i.e. train - operated ) level crossing in the United Kingdom , which came into operation on 5 February 1961 .
Devonwall was a political concept introduced in the United Kingdom in the 1970s by the Conservative government .
Stahl Brandenburg Rugby is a German rugby union club from Brandenburg , currently playing in the Rugby - Regionalliga East A. The club , located in former East Germany , used to be part of the BSG Stahl Brandenburg , a multi - sports club formed in November 1950 .
MeteoSwiss ( German : MeteoSchweiz , French : MétéoSuisse , Italian : MeteoSvizzera ) , officially the Federal Office of Meteorology and Climatology , is an office of the federal administration of Switzerland .
Sporting Clube da Boa Vista is a sports club whose football ( soccer ) team plays in the Boa Vista Island League in Cape Verde .
Caqar ( also , Dzhagar ) is a village and municipality in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Chartered Insurance Institute ( also known as the CII ) is a United Kingdom based professional organisation for those working in the insurance and financial services industries .
During his visit to the United Kingdom , Pope Benedict XVI celebrated mass and presided over the beatification of Cardinal John Henry Newman , with a crowd of 51,626 people present at the 80,000-capacity Cofton Park near Longbridge , Birmingham , on Sunday 19 September 2010 .
Marandegan ( Persian : مارندگان‎ , also Romanized as Mārandegān ; also known as Mārdegān ) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District , Irandegan District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Nuuk Art Museum ( Danish : Nuuk Kunstmuseum ) is a national museum in Greenland , located in Nuuk , the capital .
Davao del Norte ( Filipino : Hilagang Dabaw ) , is a province in the Philippines located in the Davao Region in Mindanao .
Fossacesia is a city in the province of Chieti in the Abruzzo region of Italy .
Tomboutou or Toumboutou or Toumbouctou is a town and arrondissement in the Alibori Department of northeastern Benin .
Kajtasovo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Кајтасово ) is a village in Serbia .
Karikkoselkä is a lake formed in an impact crater in Petäjävesi , Finland .
Agioi Trimithias ( Greek : Αγίοι Τριμιθιάς ) is village located in the Nicosia District of Cyprus .
The Uhrencup is a club football tournament , held annually in Grenchen , Switzerland .
The Zürich Zoologischer Garten ( Zürich Zoological Garden ) is a zoo located in Zürich , Switzerland .
Kokopo is the capital of East New Britain in Papua New Guinea .
Monfero is a municipality in the comarca of Eume in the province of A Coruña in the autonomous community of Galicia in northwestern Spain .
Amir Hajjilu ( Persian : اميرحاجيلو‎ , also Romanized as Amīr Ḩājjīlū ; also known as Amir Hajloo and Amīr Ḩājlū ) is a village in Qarah Bulaq Rural District , Sheshdeh and Qarah Bulaq District , Fasa County , Fars Province , Iran .
Baba Banda Singh Bahadur Polytechnic College ( BBSBPC ) , Fatehgarh Sahib , Punjab , India was established in 2006 by the Baba Banda Singh Bahadur Educational Trust formed under the patronage of Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee with the approval of the Government of Punjab .
Kalchat - e Heydarabad ( Persian : كلچات حيدرآباد‎ , also Romanized as Kalchāt - e Ḩeydarābād ; also known as Kalchāt - e Valīābād ) is a village in Esmailabad Rural District , in the Central District of Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Onankali is a village in the northern part of Namibia namely Owamboland , it is situated about 50 km South East of Ondangwa or 20 km North - West of Omuthiya .
The Jathika Hela Urumaya ( Sinhalese : ජාතික හෙළ උරුමය , Tamil : ஜாதிக ஹெல உறுமய , often approximated in English as National Heritage Party ) is a political party in Sri Lanka which is led by Buddhist monks .
Kafr Mousa ( Arabic : كفر موسى‎ , also spelled Kafr Musa ) is a village in central Syria , administratively part of the Homs Governorate , located south of Homs .
Marquardt Group is a family enterprise headquartered in Germany .
Arkhipo - Osipovka ( Russian : Архи́по-О́сиповка ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and a Black Sea resort under the jurisdiction of the Town of Gelendzhik in Krasnodar Krai , Russia .
Vihren ( Bulgarian : Вихрен ) is the highest peak of Bulgaria 's Pirin Mountains .
Étang de Vaccarès is a lake , or rather ; a salt water lagoon ( étang ) , in the wetlands of the Camargue in the delta of the River Rhône in southern France .
Gartnanoul is a megalithic court tomb located in Killykeen Forest Park , Loughtee Upper , County Cavan , Ireland .
Yaxchilan ( pronounced : ( ʝaʃtʃiˈlan ) ) is an ancient Maya city located on the bank of the Usumacinta River in what is now the state of Chiapas , Mexico .
Christ 's College , Christchurch is an independent , Anglican , secondary , day and boarding school for boys , located in the central city of Christchurch , New Zealand .
Hanau Army Airfield is a former military airfield , located 5.2 km ( 3.2 mi ) north - northeast of Hanau in Hesse , Germany .
Yarraloola or Yarraloola Station is a pastoral lease that once operated as a sheep station but is currently operating as a cattle station in Western Australia .
The Frontist Party ( French : Parti frontiste , PF ) was a political party in France founded in 1936 by Gaston Bergery and Georges Izard .
Machliny ( maˈxlinɨ ) ( German : Machlin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czaplinek , within Drawsko County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Gare de Busigny is a railway station serving the town Busigny , Nord department , northern France .
Ab Bui ( Persian : اب بوئي‎ , also Romanized as Āb Bū’ī ) is a village in Baghak Rural District , in the Central District of Tangestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
The Yukon Arts Centre is a non - profit corporation in Whitehorse , Yukon , Canada .
Tibooburra Airport ( IATA : TYB , ICAO : YTIB ) is a small airport located 3 nautical miles ( 5.6 km ; 3.5 mi ) east of Tibooburra , New South Wales , Australia .
Kilwa Masoko is a port town on the Indian Ocean in south - eastern Tanzania .
Te Henga ( Bethells Beach ) is a coastal community in the Auckland Region in the north of the North Island , New Zealand .
Vailoa ( Vailoa i Palauli ) is a village on the island of Savai'i in Samoa .
Kufr Khall , ( also written Kufur Khall , Kufr Khal ) ( Arabic : كفرخل ) , is a town in the north of Jordan , in the Jerash Governorate .
Lawas Airport ( IATA : LWY , ICAO : WBGW ) is a Short Take - off and Landing ( STOL ) airport serving Lawas , a town in the state of Sarawak in Malaysia .
Panguru is a community in the northern Hokianga harbour , in Northland , New Zealand .
Kirani ( N 30.17 E 66.94 ) is an historical village lying five miles ( 8 km ) west of Quetta city , capital of Baluchistan province of Pakistan on the outskirts of the Chiltan range and is set to derive its name from a defile lying near the village known as Giran Nai , or Kran Tangi .
Waldburg - Zeil was a County ruled by the House of Waldburg , located in southeastern Baden - Württemberg , Germany , located around Schloss Zeil , near Leutkirch i m Allgäu .
In Germany , Tchibo 's slogan is `` Every week a new world '' ( German : Jede Woche eine neue Welt);.
Morsum ( Frisian : Muasem ) is a village on the North Sea island of Sylt in the district of Nordfriesland in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Kicar ( pronounced ( ˈkiːtsaɾ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Ptuj in northeastern Slovenia .
Mandø is one of the Danish Wadden Sea islands off the southwest coast of Jutland , Denmark in the Wadden Sea , part of the North Sea .
Mazraeh - ye Parvarsh Mahi ( Persian : مزرعه پرورش ماهي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Parvarsh Māhī ) is a village in Ramjerd - e Yek Rural District , in the Central District of Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 14 , in 4 families .
The Parish Church of St Peter , Great Berkhamsted , is a Church of England , Grade II * listed church in the town of Berkhamsted , Hertfordshire , in the United Kingdom .
The Das Flores River ( Rio de Janeiro ) is a river of Rio de Janeiro in southeastern Brazil .
Ludgeřovice ( German : Ludgierzowitz , 1939 - 45 : Ludgerstal , Polish : Ludgierzowice ) is a village in the Moravian - Silesian Region of the Czech Republic .
Halta ( in Arabic حلتا ) is a small village in the far south - east of Lebanon , overlooking the territories occupied by Israel , with a population of almost 350 people .
Évian - les - Bains or Évian ( French pronunciation : ​(evjɑ̃ le bɛ̃ ) ) is a commune in the northern part of the Haute - Savoie department in the Rhône - Alpes region in south - eastern France .
Tolum Khani ( Persian : تلومخاني‎ , also Romanized as Tolūm Khānī ) is a village in Deylaman Rural District , Deylaman District , Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Lake Wilkie is a small , scenic lake near Tautuku Bay in the Catlins , south of Dunedin , New Zealand .
Royal Boskalis Westminster N.V. is a Netherlands - based company that provides services relating to the construction and maintenance of maritime infrastructure on an international basis .
Mięcierzyn - Leśniczówka ( mjɛnˈt͡ɕɛʐɨn lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogowo , within Żnin County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The University of Sudbury is a Roman Catholic bilingual university in Sudbury , Ontario , Canada which offers courses in French and English .
Főnix Hall is a multi - purpose arena in Debrecen , Hungary .
Amaigbo is a large town in Imo State , Nigeria .
Sault College is home of one of the best recognized aviation programs in Canada , the program provides Integrated Commercial Pilot License Aircraft including a multi - engine instrument rating ( CPL ( A)IR ) .
Ahmadabad - e Baradaran ( Persian : احمدابادبرادران‎ , also Romanized as Aḩmadābād - e Barādarān ) is a village in Golestan Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Damiv ( Persian : دميو‎ , also Romanized as Damīv ) is a village in Dezli Rural District , in the Central District of Sarvabad County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Tses is a village in ǁKaras Region , Namibia with a population of approximately 1000 ; probably 1000 more live in the surrounding semi - desert farming hinterland .
Pedrógão Grande ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( pɨˈðɾɔɣɐ̃w ˈɣɾɐ̃d(ɨ ) ) ) is a municipality in the district of Leiria in Portugal .
Galyonki ( Russian : Галёнки ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Oktyabrsky District of Primorsky Krai , Russia .
Bhawana Tehsil ( also spelled as Bhowana Tehsil ) ( Punjabi , Urdu : بھوانہ تصیل‎ ) is a sub - division ( tehsil ) of Chiiot district in Punjab , Pakistan .
Badou is a town in western Togo near the Ghanaian border , in Plateaux Region .
Narmak ( Persian : نارمک‎ ) is a neighbourhood in northeast Tehran , the capital of Iran .
The Spyros Kyprianou Athletic Center ( Greek : Αθλητικό Κέντρο `` Σπύρος Κυπριανού '' ) also known as Palais des sports is the biggest and the most imposing multi dynamic indoor athletic arena in Cyprus .
Bolotwa ( also spelled Bolotwe ) is a town in Eastern Cape , South Africa .
Kerdelan ( Persian : كردلان‎ , also Romanized as Kerdelān ; also known as Kardilu , Kerdīleh , Kordevān , and Kordlan ) is a village in Shonbeh Rural District , Shonbeh and Tasuj District , Dashti County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
The Anning District is an administrative district in Gansu , the People 's Republic of China .
The Espada Cemetery is a disused cemetery located approximately a mile west of the city of Havana , Cuba , near to the coast and close to the San Lázaro Leper Hospital .
The Kedumba River , a perennial river that is part of the Hawkesbury - Nepean catchment , is located in the Blue Mountains and Macarthur regions of New South Wales , Australia .
Klecza Dolna ( ˈklɛt͡ʂa ˈdɔlna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wadowice , within Wadowice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Lumbo is a port on the northeast Indian Ocean coast of Mozambique .
Crofton House School , located in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada , is a private , university - preparatory school for girls that is constantly placed at the top of the Fraser Institute 's school rankings in years past .
Kreis Schubin was a Kreis in Prussia ( county ) in the northern administrative district of Bromberg , in the province of Posen .
Abtsdorf is a village and a former municipality in the Wittenberg district of Saxony - Anhalt in Germany .
Serrano Island , also known as Little Wellington Island , is an island in the Aisén Region , Chile .
Naogaon Government College ( Bengali : নওগাঁ সরকারি কলেজ ) is a public educational institution based in Naogaon District , Bangladesh .
Østerøya is one of two peninsulas outside Sandefjord , Norway .
Babkarabad ( Persian : بابكراباد‎ , also Romanized as Bābkarābād ) is a village in Lahijan - e Sharqi Rural District , Lajan District , Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Surville Cliffs are the northernmost point of the mainland of New Zealand .
The 1955 Le Mans disaster occurred during the 1955 24 Hours of Le Mans motor race in Le Mans , France , when a crash caused large fragments of racing car debris to fly into the crowd .
Kardeh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كارده‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Bobowa ( bɔˈbɔva ) ( Yiddish : באבאוו‎ ) is a town in the Gorlice County , Poland .
Vila Nova de Gaia , or simply Gaia ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈvilɐ ˈnɔvɐ ðɨ ˈɣajɐ ) ) is a city and a municipality in Porto District in Norte Region , Portugal .
The Sas dla Crusc ( German : Heiligkreuzkofel , Italian : Sasso di Santa Croce ( ˈsasso di ˈsanta ˈkroːtʃe ) ) is a mountain of the Fanes group in South Tyrol , Italy .
El Limonar International School , Murcia - ELIS Murcia is a private profit - making coeducational international school located in Murcia , Spain .
Goniwilk - Las ( ɡɔˈnivilk ˈlas ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelechów , within Garwolin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Mount Kupe or Mont Koupé is a plutonic mountain in the Western High Plateau of Cameroon , part of the Cameroon line of volcanoes .
Kilkenny Airport ( IATA : KKY , ICAO : EIKK ) is an airport located 1.5 NM ( 2.8 km ; 1.7 mi ) west of Kilkenny in County Kilkenny , Ireland .
Rąblów ( ˈrɔmbluf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąwolnica , within Puławy County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Lake Péligre ( French : Lac de Péligre ) is the second largest lake in Haiti , and is located in the Centre Department .
The Canton of Retiers is a former canton of France , in the Ille - et - Vilaine département , located in the southeast of the department .
Nag Hammadi ( Arabic : نجع حمادى‎ , IPA : ( ˈnæɡʕe ħæmˈmæːdi ) ) is a city in Upper Egypt .
Huntingdale Golf Club is a golf club located in South Oakleigh , Melbourne , Australia .
Isola di Capo Rizzuto is a comune ( municipality ) in the province of Crotone , Calabria , Italy .
Haut - Vully is a former municipality in the district of See in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland .
Boudica 's Way is a waymarked long - distance footpath in East Anglia , England , United Kingdom .
Nice Cathedral ( French : Basilique - Cathédrale Sainte - Marie et Sainte - Réparate de Nice ) is the cathedral of the Diocese of Nice and is located in the old town of Nice in the south of France .
Colli di Luni is an Italian Denominazione di origine controllata ( DOC ) located in both Liguria and Tuscany in northwest Italy .
Miss Bahamas is a national Beauty pageant in The Bahamas .
The Busan Cinema Center ( also called `` Dureraum , '' meaning enjoying seeing movies all together in Korean ) is the official , exclusive venue of the Busan International Film Festival ( BIFF ) , where its opening and closing ceremonies take place , located in Centum City , Busan , South Korea .
Wybcz ( vɨpt͡ʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubianka , within Toruń County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
P'iq'iñ Qullu ( Aymara p'iq'iña head , qullu mountain , `` head mountain '' , also spelled Peken Kkollu ) is a mountain in the north of the Cordillera Real in the Andes of Bolivia , about 4,875-metre ( 15,994 ft ) high .
Alalaú River is a river forming part of the border between the Amazonas and Roraima states in north - western Brazil .
The Mount Hypipamee Crater , also known as The Crater is a huge diatreme located south - east of Herberton on the Atherton Tableland in Far North Queensland , Australia .
Sulistrowiczki ( sulistrɔˈvit͡ʂki ) ( German : Klein Silsterwitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobótka , within Wrocław County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Pitip ( Yaghnobi Питип ) is an abbandoned village in western Tajikistan .
Guañacagua ( hispanicized spelling of Aymara Waña Q'awa , waña dry , q'awa little river , ditch , crevice , fissure , gap in the earth , `` dry brook '' or `` dry ravine '' ) is a village in the Arica and Parinacota Region , Chile .
Grand - Champ ( Breton : Gregam ) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north - western France .
Vihorlat Mountains ( Slovak : Vihorlatské vrchy ; Ukrainian : Вигорлат , Vyhorliat ) or colloquially Vihorlat is a volcanic mountain range in eastern Slovakia and western Ukraine .
Großmürbisch is a town in the district of Güssing in Burgenland in the southeastern of Austria .
Mali Obrež ( pronounced ( ˈmaːli ɔˈbɾeːʃ ) ; German : Kleinobresch ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia .
Juqhuri ( Aymara jughu muddy place , -ri a suffix , hispanicized spelling Jucure , Jucuri ) is a mountain in the Andes of southern Peru , about 5,223.1 metres ( 17,136 ft ) high .
Séné ( Breton : Sine ) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north - western France .
Queen 's Mine is a village in Matabeleland North , Zimbabwe and is located about 55 km north - east of Bulawayo along the Bulawayo - Eastnor road .
Yambio ( Arabic : يامبيو‎ ) is a city in South Sudan .
After the establishment of the People 's Republic of China in 1949 , some damage was done to the Forbidden City as the country was swept up in revolutionary zeal .
Opinogóra Górna ( ɔpinɔˈɡura ˈɡurna ) is a village in Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Sompt is a commune in the Deux - Sèvres department in western France .
The Lake Palace is located on the island of Jag Niwas in Lake Pichola , Udaipur , India , and its natural foundation spans 4 acres ( 16,000 m2 ) .
Puerto Toro is a hamlet on the eastern coast of Navarino Island , Chile .
Arkit is a village in Jalal - Abad Region of Kyrgyzstan , located south of Lake Sary chelek and north of Kerben .
Moomin World is on the island of Kailo beside the old town of Naantali , near the city of Turku in Southwest Finland region .
Althorpe Islands Conservation Park is a protected area occupying the Althorpe Islands , Haystack Island and Seal Island in Investigator Strait near the town of Stenhouse Bay in South Australia .
Unitec Institute of Technology ( Māori : Te Whare Wānanga o Wairaka ) is the largest institute of technology in Auckland , New Zealand with over 16,000 students in 2012 ( 10,340 EFTS ) .
Pape Avenue Cemetery , officially known as Holy Blossom Cemetery , is the first Jewish cemetery in the city of Toronto , Canada .
Buddu is a county of the kingdom of Buganda in what is now Uganda .
Planet Lofoten is a Land Art Installation of the solar system positioned in the open nature of West Lofoten in Northern Norway .
Jadranska Avenue ( Croatian : Jadranska avenija , literally : Adriatic Avenue ) is a mostly six - lane controlled - access avenue in the Novi Zagreb -- zapad city district of southwestern Zagreb , Croatia .
Vemb is a little town in west Jutland , Denmark with a population of 1,313 ( 1 January 2014 ) .
Isalo National Park is a National Park in the Ihorombe Region of Madagascar .
Kollel Ohr Yosef is an institute of rabbinic study in Ontario , Canada , serving the Thornhill and northern Toronto communities .
Tetritskaro or Tetritsqaro ( Georgian : თეთრიწყარო ) is a town in Kvemo Kartli in southern Georgia .
The Treasury Casino , also known as The Treasury is a casino in Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
Kapeenniemi a recreational area for the whole family and Kapeenkoski ( meaning : Narrow rapids ) a popular fishing rapids in Central Finland in an inspiring nature resort .
The Dangme East District is one of the ten ( 10 ) districts in the Greater Accra Region of Ghana , and covers a surface of 909 km² .
The Gimnyeonggul Lava Tube , located in Donggimnyeong - ri , Gujwa - eup , Jeju City , is one of the World Heritage Sites in South Korea .
The Canadian Women 's Army Corps was a non - combatant branch of the Canadian Army for women established during the Second World War to release men from those non - combatant roles in the Canadian armed forces as part of expanding Canada 's war effort .
Gaj Wielki ( ˈɡai̯ ˈvjɛlki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kaźmierz , within Szamotuły County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Segal Centre for Performing Arts , formerly the Saidye Bronfman Centre for the Arts , is a theatre in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Kiçan ( also , Kich’an ) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan , which is occupied by separatist and unrecognized Nagorno - Karabakh Republic .
Lakelse Lake Wetlands Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located near the city of Terrace in that province 's Skeena Country .
Rahmatabad - e Kataki ( Persian : رحمت ابادكتكي‎ , also Romanized as Raḩmatābād - e Katakī ) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District , Jazmurian District , Rudbar - e Jonubi County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Tallinn Zoo is a zoo in Tallinn , Estonia , that was founded in 1939 .
In 1938 , Dr. Chuni Lal Katial was elected mayor of Finsbury , making him the first Asian mayor in the United Kingdom .
Lake Pyaozero ( Russian : Пяозеро , Finnish : Pääjärvi ) is a large freshwater lake in the Republic of Karelia , northwestern part of Russia .
Dayeh Sheykhi ( Persian : دايه شيخي‎ , also Romanized as Dāyeh Sheykhī ) is a village in Lahijan - e Sharqi Rural District , Lajan District , Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Crossrail Benelux is a Belgian rail freight company , a subsidiary of Crossrail AG ; operating in Belgium .
Basteh Deym ( Persian : بسته ديم‎ , also Romanized as Basteh Dīm ; also known as Basadim ) is a village in Nowsher - e Koshk - e Bijar Rural District , Khoshk - e Bijar District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Ildırı is a picturesque sea - side village on the Aegean Sea coast belonging to the administrative district of Çeşme in Turkey 's İzmir Province and located about twenty - five kilometers north of Çeşme town , facing Chios .
Lerderderg State Park ( incorporating the former Pyrete State Forest ) is a 14,250 hectare park located between Bacchus Marsh and Blackwood , an hour 's drive from Melbourne , Australia .
Khanomi ( Persian : خانمي‎ , also Romanized as Khānomī ) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Freilassing ( German pronunciation : ( fʁaɪˈlasɪŋ ) ) is a municipality of some 16,000 inhabitants in the southeastern corner of Bavaria , Germany .
Nimrudi ( Persian : نيمرودي‎ , also Romanized as Nīmrūdī ) is a village in Javaran Rural District , Hanza District , Rabor County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Lindis Pass ( elevation 971 m ) is located in the South Island of New Zealand .
Atlasov Island , known in Russian as Ostrov Atlasova ( Остров Атласова ) , or in Japanese as Araido ( 阿頼度島 ) , is the northernmost island and volcano and also the highest volcano of the Kuril islands , part of the Sakhalin Oblast in Russia .
Gangsås or Gansås is a part of the city of Harstad in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county , Norway .
Jubb al - Jarrah ( Arabic : جب الجراح‎ , also spelled Jeb al - Jarah ) is a village in central Syria , administratively part of the Homs Governorate .
The Universidad Católica Santa María La Antigua ( USMA ) , is a private university in Panama City , Panama .
The Königssee bobsleigh , luge , and skeleton track is a venue for bobsleigh , luge and skeleton located in Schönau am Königsee , Germany .
Waldronville is a coastal settlement on the Pacific Ocean coast of the South Island of New Zealand .
Nejanilini Lake Airport , ( ICAO : CYNN ) , is located adjacent to Nejanilini Lake , Manitoba , Canada and serves `` The Lodge at Little Duck '' ( formerly known as `` Nejanilini Lake Lodge '' ) .
Rákoscsaba is a former town in Hungary now part of District XVII of Budapest .
Khemisti is a town and commune in Tissemsilt Province in northern Algeria .
The Yerevan History Museum ( Armenian : Երևանի Պատմության Թանգարան ( Yerevani Patmut'yan T'angaran ) ) is the history museum of Yerevan , the capital city of Armenia .
İnegöl is a city ( center of the İnegöl district ) in the Bursa Province of Turkey .
Gostivar ( Macedonian : Гостивар ( ˈɡɔstivar ) ; Albanian : Gostivar / Gostivari ) , is a city in the Republic of Macedonia , located in the upper Polog valley region .
The Lugomir ( Serbian Cyrillic : Лугомир ) is a river in central Serbia , a 57 km - long right tributary to the Velika Morava river .
The Shark Bay Marine Park is protected marine park located within the UNESCO World Heritage -- listed Shark Bay , in the Gascoyne region of Western Australia .
Silver Star Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located northeast of the city of Vernon in the Monashee Mountains .
Brdice pri Kožbani ( pronounced ( ˈbəɾditsɛ pɾi kɔˈʒbaːni ) ) is a small settlement northeast of Kožbana in the Municipality of Brda in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Qeshlaq - e Qiyujik ( Persian : قشلاق قيوجيك‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Qīyūjīk ; also known as Qeshlāq - e Qūyūjāq , Qīyūjīk , and Shūr Qū’ī ) is a village in Nur Ali Beyk Rural District , in the Central District of Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Netherlands Antillean guilder ( Dutch : gulden ) is currently the currency of Curaçao and Sint Maarten which until 2010 formed the Netherlands Antilles along with Bonaire , Saba and Sint Eustatius .
The Mėkla is a river of Kėdainiai district municipality , Kaunas County , central Lithuania .
In 1835 the Upper Canada Academy was established in Cobourg by Egerton Ryerson and the Wesleyan Conference of Bishops .
Apia is the capital and the largest city of Samoa .
Tolminske Ravne ( pronounced ( tɔlˈmiːnskɛ ˈɾaːu̯nɛ ) ) is a small settlement high in the hills northeast of Tolmin in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
General Antonio Elizalde Canton or Bucay Canton is a canton of Ecuador , located in the Guayas Province .
Donji Lapac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Доњи Лапац ) is a village and a municipality in Lika , Croatia .
Visakhapatnam Port is one of 13 major ports in India and the only major port of Andhra Pradesh .
Ånderdalen National Park ( Norwegian : Ånderdalen nasjonalpark ) is located on the large island of Senja in Troms county , Norway .
Dopiewo ( dɔˈpjɛvɔ ) ( German : Wanenfeld ) is a village in Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Fraile Muerto is a town in the Cerro Largo Department of eastern Uruguay .
Visbretinden is a mountain in Oppland in the mountain range Jotunheimen , southern Norway .
Cape Mesurado , also called Cape Montserrado , is a headland on the coast of Liberia near the capital Monrovia and the mouth of the Saint Paul River .
Sonkhed is a village in Loha taluka of Nanded district in Maharashtra state of India .
Stanytsia Luhanska ( Ukrainian : Станиця Луганська ) is an urban - type settlement on the banks of the Seversky Donets River in Luhansk Oblast in eastern Ukraine .
Izki ( Arabic : إزكي‎ ) is a town in the region Ad Dakhiliyah , in northeastern Oman .
The State Library of Tasmania is the main library of the library system in the state of Tasmania , Australia .
Faßberg Air Base ( German : ' Heeresflugplatz Faßberg ' ) ( ICAO : ETHS ) is located 2 kilometres ( 1.2 mi ) northeast of the municipality of Faßberg , Lower Saxony , Germany .
Sderot ( Hebrew : שְׂדֵרוֹת , Hebrew pronunciation : ( sdeˈʁot ) , meaning : Boulevards ) is a western Negev city and former development town in the Southern District of Israel .
Yarrow Stadium is situated in the central suburb of Westown in New Plymouth , Taranaki , New Zealand , with main vehicle access off Maratahu Street .
Vallamkulam is a small town located in Tiruvalla Taluk of Pathanamthitta district , Kerala state , India .
Pojatno is a census - designated naselje ( settlement ) in the town of Zaprešić in Zagreb County , Croatia .
Studeno ( pronounced ( stuˈdeːnɔ ) or ( stuˈdɛːnɔ ) ) is a village in the hills north of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Catimbau Valley or Vale do Catimbau in Portuguese , Brazil 's second largest archeological site , is located in Buíque .
The Eleutherna Bridge is an ancient Greek corbel arch bridge near the Cretan town of Eleutherna , Greece .
Zoukougbeu ( also known as Daoungbé ) is a town in west - central Ivory Coast .
Pan Bazaar ( Assamese : পানবজাৰ ) , is an locality in Guwahati , India surrounded by localities of Paltan Bazaar , Ambari and Fancy Bazaar .
Vir pri Stični ( pronounced ( ˈʋiːɾ pɾi ˈstiːtʃni ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
Busan Presbyterian University , also known as Busan Jangsin University , is a private Christian university in Gimhae City , South Gyeongsang province , in southeastern South Korea .
École secondaire Toronto Ouest is a public French - language high school in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Dve Mogili ( Bulgarian : Две могили , pronounced ( ˈdvɛ muˈɡili ) ) is a town in northeastern Bulgaria , part of Ruse Province .
Fylkir is an athletic club in Árbær , in the eastern part of Reykjavík , the capital of Iceland .
Tazarene was an ancient town of Drangiana in southwest Afghanistan .
Drauffelt railway station ( Luxembourgish : Gare Draufelt , French : Gare de Drauffelt , German : Bahnhof Drauffelt ) is a railway station serving the village of Drauffelt , in the commune of Munshausen , in northern Luxembourg .
Østre Porsgrunn Church ( full name : Jesu Kirke i Østre Porsgrunn , also called Østsiden Church ) was a church in the Rococo style built in 1760 and located in the city of Porsgrunn in Telemark , Norway .
The National Sports Museum is a museum dedicated to Australian sport and is located within the Melbourne Cricket Ground in Melbourne , Australia .
V.R.S College of Engineering and Technology ( Tamil : வி.ஆர்.எஸ். பொறியியல் மற்றும் தொழில்நுட்ப கல்லூரி ) is an Engineering college in Ulundurpet , Viluppuram , Tamil Nadu , India .
Kankainen Manor ( Finnish : Kankaisten kartano , Swedish : Kankas gård ) is a late medieval manor in Masku , Finland , located along a small river about one kilometre south of Masku town centre .
Bedia Cathedral ( Georgian : ბედიის მონასტერი ) is a medieval Georgian Orthodox cathedral located in Bedia , in the Tkvarcheli district of Abkhazia ( or Ochamchire Municipality according to the Georgia 's subdivision ) , a disputed region on the Black Sea coast .
Panch Prayag ( Sanskrit : पंच-प्रयाग ) is an expression in Hindu religious ethos , specifically used to connote the five sacred river confluences in the Garhwal Himalayas in the state of Uttarakhand , India .
Aravakurichi ( also spelt as Aravakurichi ) is a panchayat town and a Taluk headquarters in Karur district in the state of Tamil Nadu , India .
Ornontowice ( ɔrnɔntɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in Mikołów County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Wrangel Palace ( Swedish : Wrangelska palatset ) is a townhouse mansion on Riddarholmen islet in Gamla Stan , the old town of Stockholm , in Sweden .
Fizagat or Hyatabad is a popular hill station located in Swat Valley of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan .
The Canadian Centre for Architecture ( CCA ) ( French : Centre canadien d'architecture ) is a museum of architecture and research centre in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Jhabua was the capital of a princely state of the British Raj 's Central India , in the Bhopawar agency .
Storo Storsenter is a shopping centre at Storo in Oslo , Norway .
Aranuka is an atoll of Kiribati , located just north of the equator , in the Gilbert Islands .
Humboldt Falls is a waterfall located in the Hollyford Valley in the Fiordland district of New Zealand .
K'illi K'illi ( Quechua k'illi American kestrel ( Falco sparverius ) / fringe , the reduplication indicates that there is a group or a complex of something , Aymara k'illi k'illi a certain bird of prey , a little smaller than a hawk , also spelled Killi Killi ) is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia .
Cape du Couedic is a headland located on the south west tip of Kangaroo Island in South Australia .
Baroševac ( Serbian : Барошевац ) is a village situated in Lazarevac municipality in Serbia .
The Dookoła Mazowsza ( Around Mazovia ) is a cycling race held annually in Mazovia , Poland .
Windberg Abbey ( Kloster Windberg ) is a Premonstratensian monastery in Windberg in Lower Bavaria , Germany .
Palakkulam is a place in Moodadi village and 4 km away from Koyilandy in Kozhikode district of Kerala State of south India .
Quán Thánh Temple ( Vietnamese : Đền Quán Thánh ) , formerly known as Trấn Vũ Temple ( Hán Việt : Trấn Vũ Quan , Hán tự : 真武觀 ) , is a Taoist temple in Hanoi , Vietnam .
Kresna ( Bulgarian : Кресна ) is a town and the seat of Kresna Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province in Bulgaria .
Fanai ( Persian : فنايي‎ , also Romanized as Fanā'ī ) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District , in the Central District of Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Jeumont is a commune lying on the Belgian border , located in the Nord department in northern France .
Sherzad شیرزاد is the district center of Sherzad District in the west of Nangarhar Province , Afghanistan .
Tajenko ( taˈjɛŋkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bargłów Kościelny , within Augustów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
KunstTour is a yearly art festival in Maastricht , Netherlands .
Karibib is a town in the Erongo Region of western Namibia .
Porto Koufo ( Greek : Πόρτο Κουφό ) is the largest natural harbour in Greece ( in depth ) .
Providenciales International Airport ( IATA : PLS , ICAO : MBPV ) , on the island of Providenciales in the Caicos Islands , is the main international airport serving the Turks and Caicos Islands , a British Overseas Territory of the United Kingdom .
National Chung Hsing University ( NCHU ; Chinese : 國立中興大學 ) , colloquially known in Chinese as Xingda ( 興大 , Xīngdà),is a research - led comprehensive university in South District , Taichung , Taiwan .
Ghovil ( Persian : غويل‎ , also Romanized as Ghovīl ; also known as Qovīl - e Bālā ) is a village in Chah Salem Rural District , in the Central District of Omidiyeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Đồng Xâm is a traditional silver - carving village in Thái Bình Province , Vietnam .
Deh - e Dabbagh ( Persian : ده دباغ‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Dabbāgh ) is a village in Khatunabad Rural District , in the Central District of Shahr - e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Carbet Falls ( French : Les chutes du Carbet ) is a series of waterfalls on the Carbet River in Guadeloupe , an overseas department of France located in the Leeward Islands of the eastern Caribbean region .
Poznikovo ( German : Posnikou ) is a settlement on a small hill at the southern end of the Mišja dolina valley southwest of Velike Lašče in central Slovenia .
Kaingaroa Forest is the largest forest in the North Island of New Zealand , and the largest plantation in the southern hemisphere .
Together for Šumadija ( Serbian : Заједно за Шумадијy / Zajedno za Šumadiju ) was a political party in Serbia .
Khorramdasht District ( Persian : بخش خرمدشت‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Takestan County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
The city of Cobán is the capital of the department of Alta Verapaz in central Guatemala .
Ústí nad Orlicí District ( Czech : Okres Ústí nad Orlicí ) is a district ( okres ) within Pardubice Region ( Pardubický kraj ) of the Czech Republic .
Tampere Exhibition and Sports Centre ( Finnish : Tampereen Messu- ja Urheilukeskus ) is an indoor venue in Tampere , Finland .
Gadhinglaj is a city in the Kolhapur district in the southwestern corner of Maharashtra , India .
The Ferndene State Reserve is a state reserve in the Dial Range of northwest Tasmania , Australia .
Hatun Rit'iyuq ( Quechua hatun big , rit'i snow , -yuq a suffix to indicate ownership `` the big one with snow '' , hispanicized spelling Jatunrritioc ) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,000 metres ( 16,404 ft ) high .
Zeitan ( Hebrew : זֵיתָן , Arabic : زيتان‎ ) is a moshav in central Israel .
La Cotte de St Brelade is a Paleolithic site of early habitation in St Brelade , Jersey .
At the peak of production in the 1930s , Taltal had a population of over 30,000 and was the third largest nitrate port in Chile .
Podsadek ( pɔtˈsadɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziszów , within Jędrzejów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Caramoan Peninsula is a hilly peninsula in north - east Camarines Sur , Bicol , Philippines with deep gorges and a rough , rocky terrain .
Égaules is a small hamlet annexed to Volvic in Puy - de - Dôme département , in Auvergne , France .
Strachocina ( straxɔˈt͡ɕina ) ( Ukrainian : Страхотина , Strakhotyna ) village in Subcarpathian Voivodeship , the southeastern part of Poland .
Brezovica pri Dobu ( pronounced ( ˈbɾeːzɔʋitsa pɾi ˈdoːbu ) ; German : Bresowitz ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Koblenz Fortress was part of a Prussian fortress system near the city of Koblenz in Germany which consisted of the city fortifications of Koblenz and Ehrenbreitstein and exterior supporting constructions such as entrenchments and forts .
The Yangon Workers ' Hospital ( Burmese : အလုပ်သမား ဆေးရုံကြီး ( ရန်ကုန် ) ) is a public hospital in Yangon , Myanmar .
In conjunction with International Car - Free Day 2008 Mr. Something Something presented Canada 's first bicycle powered concerts at the Evergreen Brickworks in Toronto 's Don Valley and outside infamous bike thief Igor Kenk 's defunct bicycle shop .
Sukošan ( San Cassiano in Italian ) is a village in Dalmatia , Croatia , with 4,402 inhabitants , the majority which are Croats .
Thuvarankurichi ( also spelt Tovarankurichchi ) is a town in Tiruchirappalli district of Tamil Nadu , India .
Buhera South is a constituency in the Eastern province of Manicaland , Zimbabwe .
The Catholic University of the West ( UCO ; French : Université catholique de l'Ouest ) , known colloquially to its students as `` la Catho '' , is a private and prestigious university located in Angers , France .
The Bad Heart River is a short river in northern Alberta , Canada .
Slottsskogen ( English : Castle Forest ) is a 137 hectares large park located in central Gothenburg , Sweden .
The Gran Casino del Sardinero is a leading gambling casino in the city of Santander in the autonomous community of Cantabria ( Spain ) .
The Flaminio Obelisk ( Italian : Obelisco Flaminio ) is one of the thirteen ancient obelisks in Rome , Italy .
350 St Kilda Road , currently known as St. James Apartments , is a 120 m high apartment building on St Kilda Road in Melbourne , Australia .
Chiliques is a stratovolcano located in the Antofagasta Region of Chile , immediately north of Cerro Miscanti .
Writers Guild of Alberta ( WGA ) was founded in 1980 as a community organization for writers based in Alberta , Canada .
Kjerringøy Church ( Norwegian : Kjerringøy kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Bodø in Nordland county , Norway .
Patio Island is a small island of Papua New Guinea , located to the southeast of New Hanover Island , to the northwest of New Ireland .
Qadirpur gas field is one of the major gas reserves of Pakistan .
Tarnöyüt ( Armenian : Տարնոյութ , also Tarnaut and Tərnöyüt ) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Chilkoot Trail is a 33-mile ( 53 km ) trail through the Coast Mountains that leads from Dyea , Alaska , in the United States , to Bennett , British Columbia , in Canada .
Sidvokodvo is a town in central Swaziland , situated south of Manzini .
Esztergom ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈɛstɛrɡom ) listen , also known by alternative names ) , is a city in northern Hungary , 46 kilometres ( 29 miles ) northwest of the capital Budapest .
The Canadian Forum was a left - wing literary , cultural and political publication and Canada 's longest running continually published political magazine ( 1920 - 2000 ) .
Kamer - Kollezhsky Val ( Камер-Коллежский Вал , lit . Kamer Collegium Rampart ) is a ring of streets around the center of Moscow , Russia .
The Ethnographic Museum of Dairy is a museum in the village of La Foz , Morcín , Asturias , Spain .
Eastern Uusimaa ( Finnish : Itä - Uusimaa ; Swedish : Östra Nyland ) was a region in Finland , until it was consolidated with the region of Uusimaa on January 1 , 2011 .
Fogarty 's Cove Music is based in Dundas , Ontario , Canada .
Ndejje University is a private , multi - campus , Christian university in Uganda , the third - largest economy in the East African Community .
Mokil , or known to the locals as Mwoakilloa is an atoll and one of 6 outer - island municipalities in the state of Pohnpei , Federated States of Micronesia .
Mehrshani ( Persian : مهرنشاني‎ , also Romanized as Mehrshānī ; also known as Mehr Shāhī ) is a village in Takab - e Kuhmish Rural District , Sheshtomad District , Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Rakitnik ( pronounced ( ɾaˈkiːtnik ) ; Italian : Rachiteni ) is a village settlement south of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Oczkowice ( ɔt͡ʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miejska Górka , within Rawicz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Ano Pedina ( Greek : Άνω Πεδινά , before 1928 : Άνω Σουδενά - Ano Soudena ) is one of the villages in Central Zagori in the Ioannina regional unit , northwestern Greece .
Nyaungdon ( Burmese : ညောင်တုန်းမြို့ ( ɲàʊɴdóʊɴ mjo̰ ) ) is a town in the Ayeyarwady Region of south - west Myanmar .
Basht ( Persian : باشت‎ ; also Romanized as Bāsht ) is a city in and the capital of Basht County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Haut Atlas Oriental National Park ( French : Parc National du Haut Atlas Oriental ) is located in Morocco .
Stenløse station is a station on the Frederikssund radial of the S - train network in around Copenhagen , Denmark .
The Amman Citadel is a historical site at the center of downtown Amman , Jordan .
Temixco is 6 kilometres ( 3.7 mi ) from Cuernavaca and 85 kilometres ( 53 mi ) from Mexico City .
Vandarbon ( Persian : ونداربن‎ , also Romanized as Vandārbon ) is a village in Kelardasht - e Gharbi Rural District , Kelardasht District , Chalus County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
XEOC - AM ( branded as Radio Chapultepec ) is a radio station owned by Grupo Radio Digital in Mexico City .
The Basra International Hotel ( Arabic : فندق البصرة الدولي‎ ) is a hotel in Basrah , Iraq located on Shatt al - Arab bank in Al Ashar District , Basrah .
Corselitze , or Korselitse , is a manor house on the island of Falster in the south - east of Denmark .
Jharkhand People 's Party , is a political party in India .
Weston Road is a north - south street in west end Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Qaanaaq ( IPA : ( qɑːnɑːq ) ) , formerly Thule or New Thule , is the main town in the northern part of the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland .
Boranıkənd ( also , Boranykend ) is a village and municipality in the Salyan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Greater Cairo ( Arabic : القاهرة الكبرى‎ al - qāhira al - kubrā ) is the largest metropolitan area in Egypt and the largest urban area in Africa .
The Church of Saint Simeon Stylites ( Arabic : كنيسة مار سمعان العمودي‎ Kanīsat Mār Simʿān al-ʿAmūdī ) is a historical building located about 30 km ( 19 mi ) northwest of Aleppo , Syria .
The Layer Pyramid ( known locally in Arabic as il - haram il - midawwar , Arabic : الهرم المدور‎ , meaning ' rubble - hill pyramid ' ) is a ruined step pyramid dating to the 3rd Dynasty of Egypt ( 2686 BC to 2613 BC ) and located in the necropolis of Zawyet el'Aryan .
Deh Gerdian ( Persian : ده گرديان‎ , also Romanized as Deh Gerdīān ; also known as Deh - e Gerdyān Rownaq ) is a village in Hombarat Rural District , in the Central District of Ardestan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Omanjor is an area in the Ga West Constituency of Ghana .
The Burrard Peninsula is a peninsula in the Lower Mainland region of southwestern British Columbia , Canada , lying between Burrard Inlet to the north and the Fraser River to the south , and bounded by Georgia Strait on the west and the Pitt River on the east .
Pibor , also called Pibor Post , is a town in South Sudan .
Berayjan ( Persian : برايجان‎ , also Romanized as Berāyjān and Barāyjān ; also known as Barāi Jūn ) is a village in Aliabad Rural District , Khafr District , Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Tampere Workers ' Theatre ( Finnish : Tampereen Työväen Teatteri ) or the TTT - Theatre is one of the two main active theatres in Tampere , Finland , along with the Tampere Theatre ( Finnish : Tampereen Teatteri ) .
Bid Harakat ( Persian : بيدحركت‎ , also Romanized as Bīd Ḩarakat ) is a village in Hamaijan Rural District , Hamaijan District , Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Seimas of the Republic of Lithuania ( Lithuanian : Lietuvos Respublikos Seimas ) , or simply the Seimas ( pronounced : ( sæ̠iˑmɐs ) ) , is the unicameral parliament of Lithuania .
Dolná Krupá ( German : Unterkrupa , Hungarian : Alsókorompa ) is a village and municipality of Trnava District in the Trnava region of Slovakia .
Yuraq Salla ( Quechua yuraq white , salla large cliff of gravel , `` white cliff of gravel '' , hispanicized spelling Yurac Salla ) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,000 metres ( 16,404 ft ) high .
The Rural City of Mildura is a local government area in Victoria , Australia , located in the north - western part of the state .
Weitra ( Czech : Vitoraz ) is a small town in the district of Gmünd in the Austrian state of Lower Austria .
École Carrefour de l'Acadie is a Francophone middle school located in Dieppe , New Brunswick , Canada .
Wewak Airport , also known as Boram Airport , is an airport in Wewak , Papua New Guinea .
Satharam is a small village located in Mallapur Mandal , Karimnagar District , Andhra Pradesh , India .
The Thomists is a 21-piece big band based at St. Thomas University in Fredericton , New Brunswick , Canada .
Bejsce ( ˈbɛi̯st͡sɛ ) is a village in Kazimierza County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Bolshaya Laba River ( Russian : Большая Лаба ; Adyghe : Лабэшхуэ , Labešxwe ) , or Great Laba River , is a 133-kilometer ( 83 mi ) long river in the Karachay - Cherkess Republic , Russia .
The Optare Solo is a low - floor midibus manufactured by Optare in the United Kingdom since 1997 .
Qaraman ( also , Karaman ) is a village and municipality in the Goychay Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Ålvundeid Church ( Norwegian : Ålvundeid kirke ) is a parish church in Sunndal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Saint - Vidal is a commune in the Haute - Loire department in south - central France .
Ygatimí is a town founded in 1715 in the Canendiyú department of Paraguay .
Powałczyn ( pɔˈvau̯t͡ʂɨn ) ( German : Powalczin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Rgielew ( ˈrɡʲɛlɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodawa , within Koło County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Vaše ( pronounced ( ˈʋaːʃɛ ) ) is a settlement on the right bank of the Sora River just before its confluence with the Sava River at Medvode in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Dihua Street ( Chinese : 迪化街 ; pinyin : Díhuà Jiē ) is a street located in the Dadaocheng area of Datong District , Taipei , Taiwan winding from the south of the district to close to the north in the old village of Dalongdong ( 大龍峒 ) .
Słupia Kapitulna ( ˈswupja kapiˈtulna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawicz , within Rawicz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Aarhus County or Århus County ( Danish : Århus Amt ) is a former county of Denmark ( Danish : amt ) on the Jutland peninsula .
Sangkari is a town in Haa District in southwestern Bhutan .
Hatis ( Armenian : Հատիս ) , formerly known as Kyankyan , is a village in the Kotayk Province of Armenia .
Cham Hesar ( Persian : چم حصار‎ , also Romanized as Cham Ḩeşār ; also known as Cham Ḩeşār - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Itivand - e Jonubi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 114 , in 21 families .
Gressoney - Saint - Jean ( Walser German : Greschòney Zer Chilchu ) is a town and comune in the Aosta Valley region of north - western Italy .
Saranda or Sarandë ( , Agioi Saranda , ) is a town and municipality in Vlorë County , southern Albania .
Krudttårnet ( Danish for `` gunpowder tower '' ) is a former gunpowder magazine and fortification in Frederikshavn , Denmark .
Wettin Castle is a former castle that stood near the town of Wettin on the Saale river in Germany , and which is the ancestral home of the House of Wettin , the dynasty that included several royal families , including that of the current ruling families of the United Kingdom and Belgium .
Estadio Pocitos was a multi - use stadium in Montevideo , Uruguay , that does not exist today .
Tawlli Urqu ( Quechua tawlli a kind of legume , urqu mountain , `` tawlli mountain '' , also spelled Taulli Orcco ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 4,000 metres ( 13,123 ft ) high .
Bun Rueang ( Thai : บุญเรือง ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Chiang Khong District , in Chiang Rai Province , Thailand .
Porta Cavalleggeri was one of the gates of the Leonine Wall in Rome ( Italy ) .
Keskastel is a commune in the northwest of the Bas - Rhin department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Pujilí is a small town in the Cotopaxi Province of Ecuador , located ten to twenty minutes from Latacunga .
Col du Mont Crosin ( el . 1227 m. ) is a high mountain pass in the Jura Mountains in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
Smarchowice Wielkie ( smarxɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Namysłów , within Namysłów County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Horizon College and Seminary , formerly Central Pentecostal College , and , `` Bethel Bible Institute '' is a degree - granting institution offering Christian education in Saskatoon , Canada ..
Singleton High School is a rural high school located in the Singleton , New South Wales , Australia .
Diskit Monastery also known as Deskit Gompa or Diskit Gompa is the oldest and largest Buddhist monastery ( gompa ) in the Nubra Valley of Ladakh , northern India .
Kariz Darreh ( Persian : كاريزدره‎ , also Romanized as Kārīz Darreh ) is a village in Jolgeh - ye Musaabad Rural District , in the Central District of Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Kaleke railway station ( Urdu : کالیکے ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Kaleke village , Hafizabad district of Punjab province of the Pakistan .
Ruisrock is a rock festival held annually on the island of Ruissalo in Turku , Finland .
Port FM is a local radio station based in Timaru , New Zealand broadcasting throughout South Canterbury and the MacKenzie Country .
Bukovska Vas ( pronounced ( buˈkoːu̯ska ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Bukovska vas , German : Buchdorf ) is a settlement on the left bank of the Mislinja River in the Municipality of Dravograd in the Carinthia region in northern Slovenia .
Old Olden Church ( Norwegian : Olden gamle kyrkje ) is a historic parish church in Stryn Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Sławatycze - Kolonia ( swavaˈtɨt͡ʂɛ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławatycze , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
The Marlborough Sounds are an extensive network of sea - drowned valleys at the north end of the South Island of New Zealand .
Pecixe is an island or group of islands in the Bissagos Islands , Guinea - Bissau .
Razuk ( Persian : رزوك‎ , also Romanized as Rāzūk ) is a village in Shakhenat Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Mount Soffeh or Kuh - e Soffeh is a mountain that is situated just south of the city of Isfahan , southeast of Mount Donbeh and south of the Zayanderud River in Iran .
Lahemaa National Park is a park located on Northern Estonia , 70 kilometers east from capital Tallinn .
Haju ( Persian : حاجو‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājū and Ḩājjū ) is a village in Chaybasar - e Shomali Rural District , Bazargan District , Maku County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Darmaran - e Olya ( Persian : درمران عليا‎ , also Romanized as Darmarān - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District , Gahvareh District , Dalahu County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 76 , in 14 families .
Poovaipalayam , also called `` Sithakkaattur '' ( population approximately 700 in 2009 ) , is a village in Dindigul district , Tamil Nadu , India which is surrounded by mountains .
Toowong is an inner suburb of Brisbane , Australia , which is 5 kilometres ( 3.1 mi ) west of the Brisbane CBD .
Design Museum Holon is the first museum in Israel dedicated to Design .
Jabbarand ( Persian : جبرند‎ ; also known as Jabbārān ) is a village in Melkari Rural District , Vazineh District , Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Női NB I ( Hungarian : Női Nemzeti Bajnokság , for women 's national championship ) is the top level women 's football league in Hungary .
Vaiņode Manor ( Latvian : Vaiņodes muižas pils ) was a manor house in the historical region of Courland , in western Latvia .
Hafizabad District ( Urdu : ضلع حافظ آباد ‎ ) is located in Punjab , Pakistan .
El Atazar Dam is an arch dam built near Madrid , Spain on the Lozoya River , very close to where the Lozoya joins the Jarama .
The Yusef Abad Synagogue ( Persian : Kenise e Yusef Ábád کنیسه یوسف آباد‎‎ , Hebrew : בית הכנסת יוסף - אבד‎ ) is one of the largest synagogues in Tehran , Iran .
Dagda parish ( Latvian : Dagdas pagasts ) is an administrative unit of Dagda Municipality , Latvia .
The Cotahuasi Subbasin Landscape Reserve ( Spanish : Reserva Paisajística Sub Cuenca del Cotahuasi ) is a protected area in Peru located in the Arequipa Region , La Unión Province .
Khuk Ab ( Persian : خوك اب‎ , also Romanized as Khūk Āb ; also known as Qand Āb ) is a village in Karizan Rural District , Nasrabad District , Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Pec pod Sněžkou ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈpɛts ˈpotsɲɛʃkou̯ ) ; German : Petzer , Polish : Pec pod Śnieżką ) is a small town at the base of the highest Czech mountain Sněžka , in the Krkonoše Mountains of the Czech Republic .
Glenora Distillers is a distiller based in Glenville , Nova Scotia , Canada ( on Cape Breton Island ) .
Bondal is a village close to Samrala , district Ludhiana , Punjab , India .
Rømø is now the southernmost of Denmark 's Wadden Sea Islands ( the previous being the small uninhabited island of Jordsand which sank in 1999 ) .
Liszno - Kolonia ( ˈliʂnɔ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Bilpa Morea is a claypan in the Shire of Diamantina in the extreme southwest of Queensland , Australia .
The New Puskás Ferenc Stadium is a multi - purpose stadium set to be built in Budapest , Hungary .
Chroślice ( xrɔˈɕlit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Męcinka , within Jawor County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Wat Aranyik ( Thai : วัดอรัญญิก ) is a historic temple in Phitsanulok , Thailand .
Hatun P'ukru ( Quechua hatun big , p'ukru hole , pit , gap in a surface , `` big hole '' , hispanicized spelling Jatun Pucro ) is a mountain in the Andes of southern Peru , about 5,153-metre ( 16,906 ft ) high .
Zavrh pod Šmarno Goro ( pronounced ( ˈzaːʋəɾx pɔt ˈʃmaːɾnɔ ˈɡɔːɾɔ ) ; Slovene : Zavrh pod Šmarno goro ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Medvode in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Ontario Veterinary College ( OVC ) is the oldest veterinary school in Canada .
Patrick 's Cove - Angels Cove is a designated place on the Cape Shore of the Avalon Peninsula of Newfoundland , Canada .
Rākauroa / Torrent Bay is a bay in Abel Tasman National Park , New Zealand .
Birsay , Saskatchewan is an unincorporated community in southern Saskatchewan , Canada .
Karaginsky Gulf ( Russian : Карагинский залив ) is a large gulf in the Bering Sea off the northeastern coast of Kamchatka ( Russia ) , which cuts 117 km deep inland .
Khalifeh Kenar ( Persian : خليفه كنار‎ , also Romanized as Khalīfeh Kenār and Khalīfehkanār ) is a village in Ziabar Rural District , in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Kőbánya - Kertváros ( literally `` Quarry - Garden suburb '' ) is a section of Budapest , Hungary , which has a largely working class population , most of whom are ethnic Hungarians .
Kandrian is the headquarters of Kandrian - Gloucester District , West New Britain Province , Papua New Guinea .
The Monts Dore are the remnant peaks of a volcanic massif situated near the center of the Massif Central , in the Auvergne region of France .
Boleszewo - Kolonia ( bɔlɛˈʂɛvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno , within Sławno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Obi Mehnat ( Persian : آب محنت ‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Langå , is a railway town in central Denmark with a population of 2,869 ( 1 January 2014 ) , located in Randers municipality in Region Midtjylland in Jutland .
Bad Langensalza ( until 1956 : Langensalza ) is a spa town of 17,500 inhabitants in the district of Unstrut - Hainich , Thuringia , Germany .
Brzezice Pierwsze ( bʐɛˈʑit͡sɛ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski , within Świdnik County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Conservatives and Social Reformers ( Italian : Conservatori e Social Riformatori ) , abbreviated to CSR , is a national conservative political party in Italy .
Col de la Croix de Mounis ( elevation 808 m ( 2,651 ft ) ) is a mountain pass in the Parc naturel régional du Haut - Languedoc in southern France .
Pomoriany Castle ( Ukrainian : Поморянський замок , Pomorians'kyi zamok , Polish : Zamek w Pomorzanach ) is a ruined castle in the village of Pomoriany , Zolochiv District , Lviv Oblast , Ukraine .
CKTM - DT is the Ici Radio - Canada Télé owned - and - operated television station serving the Mauricie region of the Canadian province of Quebec , that is licensed to Trois - Rivières .
Chełm i Gdańsk - Południe ( German : Stolzenberg ) is in the south - central suburbs of the city of Gdańsk , Poland .
Bengeri is a village in Hubli City , Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka , India .
Bataan National Park is a protected area of the Philippines located in the mountainous interior of Bataan province in Central Luzon Region .
The Kristiansand Zoo and Amusement Park ( Kristiansand Dyrepark ) is a Zoological garden and amusement park situated 11 km ( 6.8 mi ) east of Kristiansand , Norway .
Kivijärvi Airfield is an airfield in Kivijärvi , Finland , about 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ; 1.2 mi ) northeast of Kivijärvi centre .
Tulun ( Russian : Тулун ; IPA : ( tʊˈlun ) ) is a town in Irkutsk Oblast , Russia , located on the Iya River ( Angara 's basin ) , 390 kilometers ( 240 mi ) northwest of Irkutsk .
The South Peace Centennial Museum is an open - air museum in central Alberta , Canada .
Marakei is one of only two islands in Kiribati that encircles its lagoon .
The Northern Beaches is an area in the northern coastal suburbs of Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia , located near the coast of the Pacific Ocean .
Stary Tomyśl ( ˈstarɨ ˈtɔmɨɕl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Tomyśl , within Nowy Tomyśl County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Kungu is a town and capital of one of the four territories of Sud - Ubangi District , Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Saltfjellet is a mountain area in Nordland county , Norway that separates the two regions of Helgeland and Salten .
Hellyer College is one of eight senior secondary ( years 11 - 12 ) public education colleges in Tasmania , Australia .
Maja e Hekurave is a mountain in the Prokletije in the country of Albania .
Rio Branco Football Club , usually known simply as Rio Branco , is a Brazilian football club based in the city of Rio Branco in the Acre state of Brazil .
Delabad ( Persian : دل اباد‎ , also Romanized as Delābād and Dilābād ) is a village in Alqurat Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Darreh Vazan ( Persian : دره وزان‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Vazān ) is a village in Chehel Cheshmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Gay Men 's Press was a publisher of books based in London , United Kingdom .
Irouléguy AOC wines ( Basque : Irulegi , Basque pronunciation : ( iɾuˈleɡi ) ) come from Lower Navarre in the Northern Basque Country , France and are usually considered as part of the wine region of South West France ( Sud - Ouest ) .
Club Atlético Kimberley known as Kimberley de Mar del Plata is a sports club from Mar del Plata , Buenos Aires Province , Argentina .
Føynland is a populated island in Nøtterøy municipality , Norway .
Dul - e Mahi ( Persian : دول ماهي‎ , also Romanized as Dūl - e Māhī and Dūlmāhī ) is a village in Mishan Rural District , Mahvarmilani District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Maly Semyachik ( Russian : Малый Семячик ) is a stratovolcano located in the eastern part of Kamchatka Peninsula , Russia .
Johfiyeh ( Arabic : جُحفية‎ ) , also spelled Johfiyah , Juhfiyah or Juhfiyeh , is a historical and archaeological village in northern Jordan , located 80 kilometers north of the capital Amman and about 7.5 km southwest of the city Irbid .
The Arrowsmith Range is a mountain range in the South Island of New Zealand .
The Grampians National Park ( also Gariwerd ) , commonly referred to as The Grampians , is a national park located in the Grampians region of Victoria , Australia .
The Valle Peligna , also known as Conca di Sulmona , is a plateau in central Abruzzo , southern Italy , included in the province of L'Aquila .
The Clos de Villeneuve is a bastide , or Provençal manor house , built in the 18th century , located in the commune of Valensole in the Department of Alpes - de - Haute - Provence in France .
Bela Bahadurpur is a village in Sitamarhi district of Bihar , India
The Professional Regulation Commission , ( Filipino : Komisyon sa Regulasyong Pampropesyon ) otherwise known as the PRC , is a three - man commission attached to the office of the President of the Philippines .
Gold Coast United FC was a professional soccer club based on the Gold Coast , Queensland , Australia .
Sakthan Thampuran Nagar ( S.T Nagar ) is one of the business districts of Thrissur city in Kerala state , South India .
The Berlin S - Bahn is a rapid transit railway system in and around Berlin , the capital city of Germany .
Srinivas Group of Colleges runs a host of educational institutes in and around Mangalore , Karnataka , India .
Nevados de Poquis is a mountain in the Andes of Chile , close to the border with Argentina .
Dew Process is an Australian independent record label , based in Brisbane , Queensland , Australia , founded and owned by Australian music industry figure , Paul Piticco .
Somosierra is a mountain pass in the Sierra de Guadarrama north of Madrid in Spain .
Flesberg stave church ( Flesberg stavkirke ) is a stave church located in Flesberg , Numedal in Norway .
Gosan - ri ( Hangul : 고산리 ) is an administrative division , or village , located in Onyang , Ulju County , Ulsan , South Korea .
The Canadian Music Centre holds Canada 's largest collection of Canadian concert music .
Les Moëres , Nord , which contains a museum of water pumps De Moeren , Veurne , Belgium
Kochanak ( Persian : كچانك‎ , also Romanized as Kochānak ) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District , in the Central District of Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Girua Airport ( IATA : PNP , ICAO : AYGR ) is an airport serving Popondetta , a city in the Oro ( or Northern ) province in Papua New Guinea .
The New Cities is a Juno Award and ADISQ Award nominated band originating from Trois - Rivières , Quebec , Canada and currently based in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Bikfaya ( Arabic : بكفيا‎ , also spelled Bickfaya , Beckfayya , or Bekfaya ) is a town in the Matn District region of Mount Lebanon .
Carl - Philipp - Emanuel - Bach - Straße is a street in Frankfurt ( Oder ) , Germany .
Kråkenes Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Kråkenes fyr ) is a coastal lighthouse in Vågsøy Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane , Norway .
Rugir - e Hasani ( Persian : روگيرحسني‎ , also Romanized as Rūgīr - e Ḩasanī ; also known as Rūgīr - e ' ' asanī ) is a village in Kheyrgu Rural District , Ala - e Marvdasht District , Lamerd County , Fars Province , Iran .
Velyka Vys ( Ukrainian : Велика Вись ) is a river in Ukraine , 346 km in length , a left tributary of the Synyukha River , the basin of Southern Bug .
Deir Mar Maroun ( also known as Monastery of Mar Maroun or Cave of the monks ) is an ancient cavern carved out of solid rock in the side of a cliff , located around 200 metres ( 660 ft ) from the source of the Orontes river , south of Hermel in the Beqaa Governorate , Lebanon .
Betanzos ( Galician pronunciation : ( beˈtanθos ) ) is a municipality in the autonomous community of Galicia in northwestern Spain in the province of A Coruña .
North Konawe Regency ( Kabupaten Konawe Utara ) is a regency of Southeast Sulawesi Province , Indonesia .
Szarbsko ( ˈʂarpskɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Male Brusnice ( pronounced ( ˈmaːlɛ bɾuˈsniːtsɛ ) ) is a settlement in the hills east of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia .
The Sint - Barbaracollege in Gent , Belgium is a private Jesuit school , founded in 1833 .
Collado Villalba is a municipality in the autonomous community of Madrid in central Spain .
The Pskem River ( Russian : Пскем ) or Pishkom is a river of Tashkent Region in Uzbekistan in the Pskem Mountains .
Riscle ( Gascon : Riscla ) is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France .
Chah - e Khoda Morad Babari ( Persian : چاه خدامرادبابري‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Khodā Morād Bābarī ) is a village in Chahak Rural District , in the Central District of Khatam County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Seh Balutan ( Persian : سه بلوطان‎ , also Romanized as Seh Balūṭān ; also known as Seh Balīţūn ) is a village in Holayjan Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Bolshoye Maslennikovo ( Russian : Большо́е Масленниково ) is a village in Tutayevsky District of Yaroslavl Oblast , Russia , located about 20 km to the west from Yaroslavl .
The Sacro Monte di Orta ( literally : Sacred mountain of Orta ) is a Roman Catholic devotional complex in the comune of Orta San Giulio ( Piedmont , northern Italy ) on the summit of a hill known as San Nicolao , which faces the western shore of Lake Orta .
Skrobacja ( skrɔˈbat͡sja ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartniczka , within Brodnica County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Baraghan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان برغان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Chendar District , Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Qanat - e Saman ( Persian : قناتسامان‎ , also Romanized as Qanāt - e Sāmān ) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Fazle Omar Mosque in Hamburg is the second purpose - built mosque in Germany .
Mooto is a village in the Democratic Republic of the Congo located in the south of the province of Équateur , the city of Mbandaka .
Sławno ( ˈswavnɔ ) ( Kashubian / Pomeranian : Słôwno , German : Schlawe ) , is a town on the Wieprza river in Middle Pomerania region , north - western Poland , with 13,322 inhabitants ( 2006 ) .
Vasalemma Parish ( Estonian : Vasalemma vald ) is a rural municipality in north - western Estonia .
The Fortress of the Immaculate Conception , ( Spanish : El Castillo de la Inmaculada Concepción ) is a fortification located on the southern bank of the Río San Juan ( San Juan River ) , in the village of El Castillo in southern Nicaragua .
Chah - e Zakaria ( Persian : چاه ذكريا‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Ẕaḵarīā ) is a village in Dasht - e Jam Rural District , Bujgan District , Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Orosháza is a city situated in the westernmost part of Békés county , Hungary , on the Békés ridge bordered by the rivers Maros and Körös .
The album , released solely in Canada , failed to regain Kon Kan 's earlier success and Harris wound up the Kon Kan brand over the next few years .
Sallynoggin ( Irish : An Naigín ) is an area of Dublin in Ireland , in Dún Laoghaire--
The Florennes Castle ( formerly the Château de Beaufort ) in Florennes , Namur , Belgium , is a castle that dates back to the 9th century , although the most of the modern structure is much more recent .
Szamocin ( ʂaˈmɔt͡ɕin ) ( German : Samotschin , Fritzenstadt ) is a city in Chodzież County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , Poland .
Mahanabad ( Persian : مهان اباد‎ , also Romanized as Mahānābād ; also known as Mahān , Moḩammadabābād , and Moḩammadābād ) is a village in Sarab Rural District , Giyan District , Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
The Municipality of Semič ( Slovene : Občina Semič ) is a municipality in Slovenia in the traditional region of White Carniola in southeastern Slovenia .
Pendergardens is a development in St. Julian 's , Malta , consisting of a number of apartments , retail outlets and office space .
Gleneagles Hospital and Medical Centre ( Chinese : 鹰阁医院 ) is a 270 bed private hospital , located at Napier Road , Singapore .
Apaven ( Armenian : Ապավեն ; formerly , Sariar ) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia .
Alagir ( Russian : Алаги́р ; Ossetian : Алагир ) is an industrial town and the administrative center of Alagirsky District in the Republic of North Ossetia - Alania , Russia , located on the west bank of the Ardon River , 54 kilometers ( 34 mi ) west of the republic 's capital Vladikavkaz .
The Fogo Island League is a regional championship played in Fogo Island , Cape Verde .
Sikkilsdalen is a valley in Nord - Fron municipality , Oppland county in the eastern part of Jotunheimen , Norway .
The Department of Fire and Emergency Services ( DFES ) is a Western Australian government department that is responsible for fire and emergency services in Western Australia .
Sliač Airport ( IATA : SLD , ICAO : LZSL ) or , historically , Letisko Tri Duby ( literally , `` The Three Oaks Airport '' ) is an international airport in central Slovakia situated between the towns of Zvolen and Banská Bystrica and near the spa town of Sliač .
Deh - e Bozi ( Persian : ده بزي‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Bozī ) is a village in Qorqori Rural District , Qorqori District , Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
According to the 2001 United Kingdom Census , Long Stratton CP is home to 3,701 people , who reside in a total of 1,598 dwellings , and have a mean age of 38.63 .
Kolonia - Gródź ( kɔˈlɔɲa ˈɡrut͡ɕ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz , within Grajewo County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Kalachinsk ( Russian : Кала́чинск ) is a town in Omsk Oblast , Russia , located on the Om River along the busiest segment of the Trans - Siberian Railway , 100 kilometers ( 62 mi ) east of Omsk , the administrative center of the oblast .
Khamaneh ( Persian : خامنه‎ ; also Romanized as Khāmeneh , Khamaneh , and Khāmneh ; also known as Khumla and Khumna ) is a city in the Central District of Shabestar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Dobitschen is a municipality in the Altenburger Land district , in the far eastern part of Thuringia , Germany .
The Oneida Nation of the Thames is an Onyota'a : ka ( Oneida ) First Nations band government located in southwestern Ontario on what is commonly referred to as the `` Oneida Settlement '' , located about a 30-minute drive from London , Ontario , Canada .
Sukleji River is a river in Balochistan Province , in southwestern Pakistan .
Karesuando ( Finnish : Kaaresuvanto or Karesuvanto , Sami : Karesuanto , Gárasavvon or Karasavvon ) is the northernmost locality in Sweden .
Uyyakondan Thirumalai ( also known as Karkudimalai and Thirumalainallur ) is a suburb in the city of Tiruchirappalli , Tamil Nadu , India .
Trebarwith ( Cornish : Treberveth , meaning middle / inner farm ) , known locally as Trebarwith Village , is a hamlet in the parish of Tintagel , Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Mauza Sulemaan ( Urdu : موضع سلیمان‎ , Punjabi : موضع سلیمان ) is a village 18 km from Bhawana City , in the Punjab Province of Pakistan .
Theresienfeld is a town in the Wiener Neustadt - Land district of Lower Austria , in eastern Austria .
Yeghipatrush ( Armenian : Եղիպատրուշ , until 1945 , Tanjrlu , from 1945 - -1992 , Mravyan ) , is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
Kalleh Chat ( Persian : كله چات‎ , also Romanized as Kalleh Chāt ) is a village in Birk Rural District , in the Central District of Mehrestan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Sayajigunj is an area in the western side of Vadodara City in the state of Gujarat in India .
Kalu Khan is a town adjacent to Shewa Adda and Union Council of Swabi District in the Khyber Pukhtunkhwa of Pakistan .
Hacıvəli ( also , Adzhiyely ) is a village in the Absheron Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Čegar ( Serbian Cyrillic : Чегар ) is a location in Serbia where the Battle of Čegar Hill took place .
Corbie Abbey is a former Benedictine monastery in Corbie , Picardy , France , dedicated to Saint Peter .
Bayan - Önjüül ( Mongolian : Баян-Өнжүүл , Rich sleepover ) is a sum of Töv Province in Mongolia .
Virgin Gorda is the third - largest ( after Tortola and Anegada ) and second most populous of the British Virgin Islands ( BVI ) .
The Rome metropolitan area is centred on the city of Rome , the Italian capital , in Lazio , Italy .
Silbaš ( Serbian Cyrillic : Силбаш ) is a village located in the Bačka Palanka municipality , in the South Bačka District of Serbia .
Nicolle Tower is a tower in the parish of St Clement in Jersey .
Sheep River Provincial Park is a provincial park located in Alberta , Canada , 23 km west of Turner Valley on highway 546 .
Villemolaque ( Catalan : Vilamulaca ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Orientales department in southern France .
Kisurra ( modern Tell Abu Hatab , Al - Qādisiyyah Governorate , Iraq ) was an ancient Sumerian city situated on the west bank of the Euphrates , 7 kilometres ( 4.3 mi ) north of Shuruppak .
Balasagun ( Turkish : Balagasun -Balassagun , Balasaghun , Karabalsagun ; Chinese : 八剌沙衮 ; pinyin : bālàshāgǔn , Persian : بلاساغون ) was an ancient Soghdian city in modern - day Kyrgyzstan , located in the Chuy Valley between Bishkek and Issyk - Kul Lake .
Belgian Quidditch Federation ( French : Fédération belge de quidditch ; Dutch : Belgische Zwerkbalbond ; German : Belgischer Quidditchverband ) , or BQF , is the governing body of quidditch in Belgium .
Mount Sembrano is a mountain located between Rizal and Laguna of the CALABARZON region in the Philippines .
Sidi Othmane ( Arabic : سيدي عثمان ‎ ) is an arrondissement of southeastern Casablanca , in the Moulay Rachid district of the Grand Casablanca region of Morocco .
Girovce ( Hungarian : Gerlefalva ) is a village and municipality in Vranov nad Topľou District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia .
Mestečko ( Hungarian : Lednickisfalu ) is a village and municipality in Púchov District in the Trenčín Region of north - western Slovakia .
Tolčane ( pronounced ( tɔu̯ˈtʃaːnɛ ) ) is a small village northeast of Fužina in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
The Pastoral Institute of Multan , Pakistan , is aimed at aiding the local church grow into a church of witness and mission .
The 2011 S.League was the 16th season of the S.League , the top professional football league in Singapore .
Racławice ( rat͡swaˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village located in Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland .
Aligider is located ten kilometers to the west of Teseney in the country of Eritrea .
Bibinoi Hill ( Indonesian : Bukit Bibinoi ) is a group of volcanoes , located on Bacan island at the west side of Halmahera island , Indonesia .
Tasuj ( Persian : تسوج‎ ; also Romanized as Tasūj , Tasooj , and Ţasūj ; also known as Tasvīch ) is a city in and the capital of Tasuj District , in Shabestar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kotsiatis ( Greek : Κοτσιάτης ( locally ( koˈt͡ʃʰatis ) ) ; Turkish : Koçyatağı ) is village located in the Nicosia District of Cyprus .
Peligrin is a village in the Anse d'Hainault municipality , in the Anse d'Hainault Arrondissement , in the Grand'Anse Department of Haiti .
Ahlen ( German pronunciation : ( ˈaːlən ) ) is a town in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Savenay ( Savenneg in Breton ) is a commune in the Loire - Atlantique department in western France and the Pays de la Loire region .
Sece Parish ( Latvian : Seces pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Aizkraukle District , Latvia .
Tat Ton National Park ( Thai : อุทยานแห่งชาติตาดโตน ) is a national park in Chaiyaphum Province , Thailand .
The Rijeka Thermal Power Station ( Croatian : Termoelektrana Rijeka , TE Rijeka , also known as TE Urinj ) is an oil - fired power station east of Rijeka at Kostrena , Croatia .
Dębno ( ˈdɛmbnɔ ) ( German : Neudamm ) is a town in Myślibórz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , Poland .
Služovice ( German : Schlausewitz ) is a village in the Moravian - Silesian Region of the Czech Republic .
Desh Bhagat Institute of Engineering and Management ( DBIEM ) is an institution of higher education near Moga , Punjab , northern India , and about 70 km from Ludhiana .
Mont Granier ( 1,933 m ) is a limestone mountain located between the départements of Savoie and Isère in France .
Ilovci ( pronounced ( ˈiːlɔu̯tsi ) ) is a small dispersed settlement in the eastern part of the Slovene Hills ( Slovene : Slovenske gorice ) in the Municipality of Ljutomer in northeastern Slovenia .
Palma Metro ( Catalan : Metro de Palma , Spanish : Metro de Palma ( de Mallorca ) ) is a light metro system in Palma , Majorca , Spain .
The Twenty Mile Creek is a minor waterway , located in the Niagara Peninsula , Ontario , Canada .
Amorbach Abbey ( German : Kloster Amorbach ) was a Benedictine monastery located at Amorbach in the district of Miltenberg in Lower Franconia in Bavaria , Germany .
Nofaliya or Nawfaliya ( Arabic : النوفلية‎ Nawfalīyah ) is a town in the desert in the Sirte District of Libya .
The Viaur Viaduct ( Viaduc du Viaur in French ) near Aveyron , was the first large steel bridge built in France .
The Muak Lek River ( Thai : ห้วยมวกเหล็ก , rtgs : Huai Muak Lek , Thai pronunciation : ( hûɛj mûək lèk ) ) is a river of Thailand .
Mihovo ( pronounced ( ˈmiːxɔʋɔ ) ) is a settlement in the Gorjanci Hills in the Municipality of Šentjernej in southeastern Slovenia .
Dondra Head Lighthouse is a lighthouse located on Dondra Head near the southernmost point in Sri Lanka and is the tallest lighthouse in Sri Lanka and also one of the tallest in South East Asia .
Orišje is one of 43 villages in the municipality of Bosiljevo , Croatia .
The Beazley Medal is an award made by the Curriculum Council of Western Australia to the year - twelve secondary student with the highest Curriculum Council award score .
Honda Bay ( Spanish : Bahía Honda , `` deep bay '' ) is a bay on the eastern shore of the island of Palawan near Puerto Princesa City in the southwestern Philippines .
Mbarara High School ( MHS ) , is a boys - only boarding middle and high school located in the city of Mbarara , in Mbarara District in Western Uganda .
Albu Shahbaz ( Persian : البوشهباز‎ , also Romanized as Ālbū Shahbāz ) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Aldealengua is a village and municipality in the north - west of the province of Salamanca , western Spain , part of the autonomous community of Castile - Leon although there are not a large number of people living there , some people from Madrid goes there every year in the late August and have a lot of fun .
Pervalka ( German : Perwelk ) is a small settlement located on the Curonian Spit in Klaipėda County , Lithuania .
Cigla ( Rusyn : Ціґла , Hungarian : Cigla ) is a village and municipality in Svidník District in the Prešov Region of north - eastern Slovakia .
Piardoba Airfield is an abandoned airfield in India , located 6.6 miles ( 10.7 km ) S of Bishnupur , West Bengal , Bankura District in the state of West Bengal , India .
Hat Chao Mai National Park is a protected area located in the Sikao and Kantang Districts of Trang Province , Thailand .
Sithamalli ( Tamil:சித்தமல்லி ) is a village of Mannargudi Taluk in Tiruvarur district Tamil Nadu , India .
Kielce ( ( ˈkʲɛlt͡sɛ ) ( kee - ELT - sa ) ; Yiddish : קעלץ‎ , Keltz ) is a city in south central Poland with 199,475 inhabitants ( June 2014 ) .
The Eerste Divisie ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈeːrstə diˈvizi ) ; English : First Division ) is the second - highest tier of football in the Netherlands .
Katselovo ( Bulgarian : Кацелово ) is a village in northern Bulgaria , administered by the municipality of Dve Mogili and part of Ruse Province .
Golavabuka ( pronounced ( ɡɔlaʋaˈbuːka ) ) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Slovenj Gradec in northern Slovenia .
Nowogród ( nɔˈvɔɡrut ) is a small town in northeastern Poland located about 13 kilometres ( 8 miles ) away from the city of Łomża , in Łomża County , in Podlaskie Voivodeship , with 1,998 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Kalkarindji ( formerly Wave Hill , also spelt Kalkiringi ) is a small township in Northern Territory of Australia , located on the Buntine Highway .
The Tsauchab is an ephemeral stream in Namibia , in the southern Naukluft Mountains .
Okamule is a village in Oshakati - West constituency , in the Oshana region of Namibia .
Balvi ( pronunciation ) is a town in the Latgalia region of eastern Latvia .
Vevey ( French pronunciation : ​(vəvɛ ) ) is a town in Switzerland in the canton Vaud , on the north shore of Lake Geneva , near Lausanne .
St. Peter 's College of Engineering and Technology ( Tamil : புனித பீட்டர் பொறியியல் மற்றும் தொழில் நுட்பக்கல்லூரி ) is a co - educational engineering college located in Avadi , Chennai , Tamil Nadu , India .
The Lower Galilee Regional Council ( Hebrew : מועצה אזורית הגליל התחתון‎ , Mo'atza Azorit HaGalil HaTahton ) is a regional council in northern Israel that encompasses most of the settlements in the Lower Galilee .
El Barde ( Somali : Ceelbarde ) is a town in the southwestern Bakool region of Somalia .
Film Nagar , also known as Tinsel Town or Tollywood , is a neighborhood in the west of Hyderabad , Telangana , India .
Situated in Lombardy , Italy , the Naviglio di Bereguardo was a navigable canal , part of the Navigli system .
Quiçama National Park , also known as Kissama National Park ( Portuguese : Parque Nacional do Quiçama or Parque Nacional da Quissama ) , is a national park in northwestern Angola .
The range lends its name to the Witteberg Series , the uppermost fossiliferous sequence of the Cape System of sedimentary rocks in South Africa .
Hukawng Valley Tiger Reserve ( Burmese : ဟူကောင်း ကျား ထိန်းသိမ်းရေး နယ်မြေ ( hùkáʊɴ tɕá tʰéɪɴ θéɪɴ jé nɛ̀ mjè ) ) is a wildlife reserve located in Hukawng Valley , near Tanai in Myitkyina District of Kachin State , Burma ( Myanmar ) .
Furth bei Göttweig is a town and municipality in the district of Krems - Land in the Austrian state of Lower Austria .
Givatayim ( Hebrew : גִּבְעָתַיִם , lit . `` two hills '' ; Arabic : جفعاتايم‎ ) is a city in Israel east of Tel Aviv .
Colatina is the second largest city in the north of Espírito Santo , Brazil , 127 km north of the capital Vitória and on the trainline from Vitória to Minas Gerais .
Krajnë is a village in the Lezhë County , northwestern Albania .
The Cerro San Miguel is the fourth highest mountain of the Cerros de Escazú , Costa Rica 2,035 m ( 6,677 ft ) .
Tzomet ( Hebrew : צומת‎ , lit Crossroads ) was a small secular , right - wing political party in Israel .
Mariano Dámaso Beraun District is one of six districts of the province Leoncio Prado in Peru .
The ZLM Tour is a cycling race held annually in the Netherlands .
Natabua High School is a co - educational school based in the Lautoka , Fiji .
Qalansiyah is a town on the main island of Socotra , Yemen .
Koderi is one among the Badaga hattis , or hamlets of the Nilgiri hills , located in Tamil Nadu , India , at a distance of 15 kilometers from Coonoor and 20 kilometers from Ooty .
Ordino ( Catalan pronunciation : ( urˈðinu ) , locally : ( oɾˈðino ) ) is the most northerly parish in the Principality of Andorra .
Zhansugirov ( Kazakh : Жансүгіров ) is a settlement in Aksu District of Almaty Region of south - eastern Kazakhstan .
Cichawka ( t͡ɕiˈxafka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapanów , within Bochnia County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Socialist Party of Majorca ( Catalan : Partit Socialista de Mallorca , PSM ; IPA : ( pərˈtit sosiəˈɫistə ðə məˈʎɔrcə ) ) is a political party in Majorca , Spain .
Krvava Peč ( German : Blutigenstein ) is a village in the hills west of Velike Lašče in central Slovenia .
Šmartno na Pohorju ( pronounced ( ˈʃmaːɾtnɔ na ˈpoːxɔɾju ) ) is a village in the Pohorje Hills in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia .
The British Army is the principal land warfare force of the United Kingdom .
Hoa Lư ( 華閭 ) was the capital of Vietnam in the 10th and 11th centuries .
Mahvaj ( Persian : مهواج‎ , also Romanized as Mahvāj and Ma``vāj ) is a village in Qaen Rural District , in the Central District of Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 361 , in 77 families .
Qilla Abdullah railway station ( Urdu : قلعہ عبداللہ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Qilla Abdullah town , Qilla Abdullah district of Balochistan province of the Pakistan .
Argheshabad ( Persian : ارغش اباد‎ , also Romanized as Argheshābād ; also known as Ebrāhīmābād ) is a village in Bibi Sakineh Rural District , in the Central District of Malard County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Inatel is short for Instituto Nacional de Telecomunicações , the National Institute of Communications of Brazil .
Tymnikowo ( tɨmniˈkɔvɔ ) ( German : Timnikswalde ; 1938 - 45 : Ratswalde ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mrągowo , within Mrągowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Mysore being an important location is well connected by rail to major cities in India and hence passengers can stop over at Mysore and take another train to reach Krishnarajanagara .
Krakda ( Arabic : كراكدة ) is a municipality in El Bayadh Province , Algeria .
The Opouawe River is a river of the Wairarapa , in the Wellington Region of New Zealand 's North Island .
Ďurďoš ( Hungarian : Györgyös ) is a village and municipality in Vranov nad Topľou District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia .
Holy Child Academy , a mainly secondary school , is a Catholic academic institution run by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pagadian in Pagadian City , Republic of the Philippines .
Wola Zagrodnia ( ˈvɔla zaˈɡrɔdɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chlewiska , within Szydłowiec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Archipelago of San Bernardo is a set of nine coastal coral islands and one artificial island ( totaling ten ) belonging to and governed by Colombia , located in the Gulf of Morrosquillo in the Caribbean Sea , with an approximate area of 213.3 km² .
Branków ( ˈbrankuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warka , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Kempeitai East District Branch was the headquarters of the Kempeitai , the Japanese military police , during the Japanese occupation of Singapore from 1942 to 1945 .
Santa Park is an amusement park and visitor attraction near Rovaniemi in the Lapland region of Finland .
Farneta is a town and frazione of the comune of Montefiorino , Italy , located in the Apennines of the province of Modena .
Yish'i ( Hebrew : יִשְׁעִי , lit . My Salvation ) is a moshav in central Israel .
Rozwalewo ( rɔzvaˈlɛvɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dziemiany , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The United Labour Social Democratic Party ( Obedinena rabotnicheska sotsialdemokraticheska partiya , ORSDP ) was a political party in Bulgaria .
The Ottawa Outlaws are a professional ultimate franchise based in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Anibare Bay is a large bay located in the Anibare District of eastern Nauru island .
Kalateh - ye Luyedani ( Persian : كلاته لويداني‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Lūyedānī ) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District , Zeberkhan District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Brest Prison ( French - bagne de Brest ) was a 254 m long prison in Brest , France .
Bocianowo ( bɔt͡ɕaˈnɔvɔ ) ( German : Buchental ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Rajon Ki Baoli also referred as Rajon ki Bain is a famous stepwell in India .
Tuy River is a river of northern Venezuela , in the Valles del Tuy region of Miranda State .
Beaulard is a frazione of the commune of Oulx , Province of Turin , Piedmont , Italy .
Kylstad is a village in Ringsaker municipality , Norway , 6 kilometres ( 4 mi ) east of the urban area Brumunddal .
Estoril ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ( ɨ)ʃtuˈɾiɫ ) ) is a town and a former civil parish in the municipality of Cascais , Portugal .
The Islamic Association in Stockholm ( Swedish : Islamiska Förbundet i Stockholm ) is an Islamic organisation in Stockholm , Sweden .
Shorang Rang ( Persian : شرانگ رنگ‎ , also Romanized as Shorāng Rang ; also known as Shīrang ) is a village in Bahmayi - ye Sarhadi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Dishmok District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Colledimacine is a comune and town in the Province of Chieti in the Abruzzo region of Italy
The Cradock Channel is one of three channels connecting the Hauraki Gulf with the Pacific Ocean to the northeast of Auckland , New Zealand .
Havířov railway station is a train station in Havířov , Czech Republic .
Engstlensee is a natural lake used as a reservoir in the municipality of Innertkirchen , Bernese Oberland , Switzerland .
École À la Découverte is an elementary school in the Kensington community of Edmonton , Alberta , Canada .
Khao - I - Dang Holding Center was a Cambodian refugee camp located 20 km north of Aranyaprathet in Prachinburi ( now Sa Kaeo ) Province of Thailand .
Očage ( Serbian Cyrillic : Очаге ) is a village in Serbia .
Qabodiyon ( Tajik : Кубадиян , Persian : قبادیان‎‎ Qabādiyān ) is a town in the Khatlon Province of Tajikistan .
Nitsa River ( Russian : Ница́ ) is a river in the Sverdlovsk Oblast in Russia .
École élémentaire Les Rapides is a French first language elementary school located in Sarnia , Ontario , Canada .
Mac Clark ( Acacia peuce ) Conservation Reserve is a conservation reserve in the Alice Springs region of the Northern Territory of Australia .
Kaliningrad economic region is an economic region of Russia consisting of Kaliningrad Oblast .
Linköping University Hospital ( Swedish : Universitetssjukhuset i Linköping ; abbreviated US in Sweden ) is a university hospital in Linköping , Sweden , operated by Östergötland County .
Punchana is the capital of the Punchana District in the Maynas Province of the Loreto Region in northeastern Peru , in the Peruvian Amazon Jungle .
The Baghdad Airport Road is a 12-kilometer ( 7.5 mi ) stretch of highway in Baghdad , Iraq linking the Green Zone , a heavily fortified area at the center of Baghdad , to Baghdad International Airport ( BIAP ) .
Labëria is a historic region that is roughly situated in Southern Albania .
Mazraeh - ye Rahmatabad ( Persian : مزرعه رحمت اباد‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Raḩmatābād ; also known as Raḩmatābād ) is a village in Qarah Chaman Rural District , Arzhan District , Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 20 , in 7 families .
Jacquet River is a former municipality in Restigouche County , New Brunswick , Canada on the Jacquet River .
Milewo - Rączki ( miˈlɛvɔ ˈrɔnt͡ʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Nowa Bukówka ( ˈnɔva buˈkufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żabia Wola , within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Devamatha CMI Public School is a co - educational private run Carmelites of Mary Immaculate ( C.M.I. ) school situated in Thrissur city of Kerala , India .
The Galle Face Hotel , founded in Colombo , Sri Lanka in 1864 , is the oldest hotel east of Suez .
Lourouer - Saint - Laurent is a town and commune in the Indre department in central France .
Metro La Raza ( in English , `` Metro The Race '' ) is a station on the Mexico City Metro .
The Numantine Museum of Soria located in Soria , Spain , focuses on the history of the province of Soria through art and archaeology , and also depicts the history of the archaeological site of Numantia and of other archaeological sites in other provinces such as Tiermes and Uxama .
The Château d'Argeville is a château in the commune of Vernou - la - Celle - sur - Seine , Seine - et - Marne , France .
The Veerse Meer ( Lake Veere ) is a lagoon in the province of Zeeland , the Netherlands .
Barbilla National Park is a National Park in the Caribbean La Amistad Conservation Area of Costa Rica located on the eastern slopes of the Cordillera de Talamanca .
Fouha Point , also known as Fouha Rock or Creation Point , is a National Natural Landmark on the island of the United States territory of Guam .
Ølen is a former municipality in the Vestlandet region of Norway .
Saukorem ( also Tanjung Saukorem , Saoekorem or Saokorem ) is a coastal village in West Papua , Indonesia , located about 125 km ( 75 mi ) north - northwest of Manokwari .
Niittykumpu ( Finnish ) or Ängskulla ( Swedish ) is a district of Espoo , a city in Finland .
Sembel is an archaeological site in the Maekel Region of Eritrea .
The 2010 European Aquatics Championships were held from 4 - -15 August 2010 in Budapest and Balatonfüred , Hungary .
Mount Buffalo is moderately tall mountain plateau in the Mount Buffalo National Park in Victoria , Australia that is located approximately 350 kilometres ( 220 mi ) northeast of Melbourne in the Australian Alps .
Dilijan City Stadium ( Armenian : Դիլիջանի Քաղաքային Մարզադաշտ ) is an all - seater football stadium in Dilijan , Tavush Province , Armenia .
Episkopeio ( Greek : Επισκοπειό ) is village located in the Nicosia District of Cyprus .
Ceylonese Rugby & Football Club Grounds ( also known as Longden Place ) commonly known as CR & FC is a multi - purpose stadium complex located in Colombo , Sri Lanka .
Somianka ( sɔˈmjanka ) is a village in Wyszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Gëzlyubulak ( also , Gezlubulak ) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Indian Overseas Bank with ATM ( Near Murari Hospital ) Union Bank of India , Moolakadai with ATM Central Bank of India , Moolakadai with ATM , Next to Sembium EB , Moolakadai ATMs- ICICI Bank ATM , Opp to Sembium EB , Moolakadai AXIS Bank ATM , Moolakadai IOB ATM near Ravi Garden
Strømmen Stadion is a sports stadium in Strømmen , Skedsmo , Norway .
Lebowakgomo Stadium is a multi - use stadium in Lebowakgomo , situated 60 km south of Polokwane , at the Limpopo province in South Africa .
Zapala is a city and touristic destination in the Patagonian province of Neuquén , Argentina with about 32,000 inhabitants according to the 2010 census ( INDEC ) .
Teteven ( Bulgarian : Тетевен ) is a town on the banks of the Vit river , at the foot of Stara Planina mountain in north central Bulgaria .
Peak School ( Chinese : 山頂小學 ; pinyin : Shāndǐng xiǎoxué ) is an English language international primary school , located on Plunkett 's Road on Victoria Peak , Hong Kong Island , Hong Kong .
Hatboalia High School ( Bengali : হাটবোয়ালিয়া মাধ্যমিক বিদ্যালয় ) is a high school in Alamdanga Upazila , Bangladesh .
Baldheri is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan , the union council of Baldheri is named after the main village of the area .
Ciemna Wola ( ˈt͡ɕemna ˈvɔla ) ( German : Dietrichswalde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Oostelijke Eilanden ( lit . Eastern Islands ) is a neighborhood in the centre of Amsterdam , Netherlands , consisting of Kattenburg , Wittenburg , and Oostenburg .
Mount Tutoko is the highest peak in Fiordland National Park , in southwest New Zealand .
The East Natuna gas field ( former name : Natuna D - Alpha block ) is a large natural gas field located in the South China Sea off northern Natuna Island , Indonesia .
Marghtumayn ( Marghtimayn ) ( Yaghnobi Марғтимайн or Марғтумайн , Russian : Мархтумайн ) is a village in western Tajikistan .
Deunggu Station ( Hangul : 등구역 ; hanja : 登龜驛 ) is a station of the BGLRT Line of Busan Metro in Daejeo - dong , Gangseo District , Busan , South Korea .
Bezuljak ( pronounced ( bəzuˈljaːk ) ) is a village north of Begunje pri Cerknici in the Municipality of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
City Foundation High School is an educational institute located in the suburb of district Faisalabad , Pakistan .
Monte Rasu is a mountain in the Goceano 's range , in the central west Sardinia , Italy .
Åsskard Church ( Norwegian : Åsskard kyrkje ) is a parish church in Surnadal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Loppersum ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈlɔpərsʏm ) ) is a village and municipality with a population of 10,174 in the province of Groningen in the northeast of the Netherlands .
Hopetoun Airport ( IATA : HTU , ICAO : YHPN ) is an airport in Hopetoun , Victoria , Australia .
Asunción Mita ( Spanish pronunciation : ( asunˈsjon ˈmita ) ) is a municipality in the Jutiapa department of Guatemala .
El Correo ( Spanish for `` The Courier '' ) is a leading daily newspaper in Bilbao and the Basque Country of northern Spain .
Samalae'ulu is a village on the northeast side of Savai'i island in Samoa .
The Aqueduct of Algeciras ( Spanish : Acueducto de Algeciras ) is one of the most important buildings in Algeciras , Spain .
Taxinge - Näsby Castle is a stately home in Sweden .
The Hussain Ebrahim Jamal Research Institute of Chemistry , ICCBS , widely known as HEJ Research Institute of Chemistry , is an advanced research center in Karachi , Sindh Province of Pakistan .
Mykolaiv ( Ukrainian : Миколаїв Ukrainian pronunciation : ( mɪkoˈɫɑjiw ) ) , also known as Nikolaev ( from Russian Николаев ) , is a city in southern Ukraine , the administrative center of the Mykolaiv Oblast .
Ładzice ( waˈd͡ʑit͡sɛ ) is a village in Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Bosque Seco del Patía Fauna and Flora Sanctuary , or Patia Dry Forest , is a wildlife sanctuary in Colombia .
Schwedelbach is a community in the district of Kaiserslautern , southern Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Simei Avenue is a road in Singapore from Upper Changi Road East to Pan Island Expressway .
GD Matriculation Higher Secondary School is a school in Gopala Puram , Coimbatore , Tamil Nadu , India .
Mazraeh - ye Vajdani ( Persian : مزرعه وجداني‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Vajdānī ) is a village in Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District , Arzhan District , Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
The Law on the Freedom of the Press of 29 July 1881 ( French : Loi sur la liberté de la presse du 29 juillet 1881 ) , often called the Press Law of 1881 , is a law that defines the freedoms and responsibilities of the media and publishers in France .
The Fiesta Nacional de España ( Festa Nacional d'Espanya in Catalan / Valencian / Balearic ; Festa Nacional de España in Galician ; Espainiako Jai Nazionala in Basque ) is the national day of Spain .
The Guayamouc River , ( French : Rivière Guayamouc ) , is a river in central and eastern Haiti .
The Radio Bari station , broadcasting from Bari in southern Italy , with a power of 20 kW , was commissioned by the Italian national broadcasting company , EIAR , in 1932 .
Falenty Nowe ( faˈlɛntɨ ˈnɔvɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raszyn , within Pruszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Cave of Niaux ( French : Grotte de Niaux ) is located in Niaux in the Ariège département of south - western France .
Tyulenovo is also famous for the fact that on 31 May 1951 the first oil field in Bulgaria was discovered here .
Gods Lake Narrows Airport , ( IATA : YGO , ICAO : CYGO ) , is located adjacent to Gods Lake Narrows , Manitoba , Canada .
Marcelová ( Hungarian : Marcelháza , Hungarian pronunciation:(ˈlɒksɒkaːllɒʃ ) ) is a village and municipality in the Komárno District in the Nitra Region of south - west Slovakia .
The Amur Cart Road or Amur Wheel Road ( Russian : Аму́рская колёсная доро́га or Аму́рская колесу́ха , tr . Amurskaya kolesukha ) was a 2,000-kilometre ( 1,200 mi ) cartage road in Amur Oblast of Imperial Russia that connected Khabarovsk with Blagoveshchensk through mostly uninhabited areas of taiga and swamps .
Tour T1 ( also known as the Tour GDF Suez ) is an office skyscraper in La Défense , the high - rise business district west of Paris , France .
Tall Shur ( Persian : تل شور‎ , also Romanized as Tall Shūr ; also known as Tall Sūreh ) is a village in Saroleh Rural District , Meydavud District , Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Florenceville Airport ( TC LID : CCR3 ) , is a private airfield located 0.7 nautical miles ( 1.3 km ; 0.81 mi ) southwest of Florenceville , New Brunswick , Canada alongside the Saint John River .
The Sır Dam is an arch dam on the Ceyhan river in Kahramanmaraş Province of southern Turkey .
Dardhë is a community in the former municipality of Drenovë in the Korçë County , Albania .
Oudtshoorn , the `` ostrich capital of the world '' , is a town in the Western Cape province of South Africa .
Musgrave Ranges is a mountain range in Central Australia , straddling the boundary of South Australia ( Anangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara ) and the Northern Territory ( MacDonnell Shire ) , extending into Western Australia .
DIT University ( DITU ) , erstwhile Dehradun Institute of Technology , is a private university near Dehradun in India , established by the non - profit Unison Group .
Kayalpatnam ( also known as Kayalpattinam or Korkai , Arabic - قاهر فطن , Tamil - காயல்பட்டினம் ) is a town in the Tuticorin district of Tamil Nadu , India .
Gu - Edin ( also transcribed Gu'edena ) was a flat field in Sumer , in modern day Iraq .
FK Obilić Herceg Novi is a football club from the village Zelenika , Herceg Novi , Montenegro .
The Siege of Cuartel de la Montaña was the two - day siege of the military barracks which marked the initial failure of the uprising against the Second Spanish Republic in Madrid , Spain on 18 - -20 July 1936 , at the start of the Spanish Civil War .
Şahağac ( also , Shakhagach and Sahagaci ) is a village and municipality in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The State Prison at Søbysøgård is an open prison in Denmark , which is arranged at the Hall of Søby Søgård close to Årslev .
Chomętów - Socha ( xɔˈmɛntuf ˈsɔxa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Column of the Grande Armée ( French - Colonne de la grande Armée or Colonne Napoléone ) is a 53 metre high Doric order triumphal column ( modelled on Trajan 's Column and other triumphal columns in Rome ) on the Rue Napoleon in Wimille , near Boulogne - sur - Mer , France .
Osogovo Monastery ( Macedonian : Осоговски Манастир ) is a Macedonian Orthodox monastery located near Kriva Palanka , Republic of Macedonia , 10 kilometres ( 6.2 mi ) from the Bulgarian border on Osogovo Mountain .
Lemybrien ( Irish : Léim Uí Bhriain , meaning `` O'Brien 's leap '' ) is a small village on the N25 road , linking Cork to Waterford City , Ireland .
Airport City Belgrade or ( ACB ) is a business park in Novi Beograd , Serbia .
Kępa Piotrawińska ( ˈkɛmpa pjɔtraˈviɲska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaziska , within Opole Lubelskie County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Goreljek ( pronounced ( ɡɔˈɾeːljək ) or ( ɡɔˈɾeːljɛk ) ) is a high - elevation settlement on the Pokljuka Plateau in the Municipality of Bohinj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Tatobay ( Pashto : ټاټوبی اوونيزه‎ ) is a Pashto language weekly newspaper based in Kabul , Afghanistan .
The Städtisches Waldstadion , known as the Scholz - Arena for sponsorship purposes , is a multi - purpose stadium in Aalen , Germany .
Xucbala ( also , Khuchbala ) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Koufovouno ( Greek : Κουφόβουνο ) is a settlement in the municipality of Didymoteicho in the northern Evros regional unit , Greece .
Bolshoy Lyakhovsky Island ( Russian : Большой Ляховский ) , or Great Lyakhovsky , is the largest of the Lyakhovsky Islands belonging to the New Siberian Islands archipelago between the Laptev Sea and the East Siberian Sea in northern Russia .
Boma Airport ( IATA : BOA , ICAO : FZAJ ) is an airport serving Boma in the Bas - Congo province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Kilkenny College or KCK is a co - educational secondary school located in Kilkenny , in the South - East of Ireland .
The Black Andrew Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve located on the south west slopes of New South Wales , Australia .
Hang Tuah Stadium or Kubu Stadium ( Malay : Stadium Hang Tuah ) is a multi - use stadium in Malacca , Malaysia .
Niedrzwica Duża ( ɲedʐˈvit͡sa ˈduʐa ) is a village in Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Filingue is a town in southwestern Niger and is the capital city of Filingue Department .
Melenicë ( in Albanian ) or Meljenica ( in Serbian:Мељеница ) is a village in the municipality of Mitrovica in the District of Mitrovica , Kosovo .
Ilobu is a town and the administrative headquarters of Irepodun Local Government Area of Osun State , Nigeria .
Nosalewo ( nɔsaˈlɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy , within Szamotuły County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The A23 road is a major road in the United Kingdom between London and Brighton , East Sussex , England .
Ħal Far ( Rat 's Town ) , is one of the main industrial estates in Malta .
Sqoubin ( Arabic : سقوبين‎ , also spelled Saqubin ) is a town in northwestern Syria , administratively part of the Latakia Governorate , located north of Latakia .
The Convent of las Madres Carmelitas ( Spanish : Convento de las Madres Carmelitas ) is a convent located in Boadilla del Monte , Spain .
Fotografisk Center is an exhibition space in Copenhagen , Denmark , dedicated to international and Danish photographic art . Since 1 February 2011 it has been based in the Tap E building in the Carlsberg area on the border between Vesterbro and Valby .
The Kurtna Lake District is located in north - eastern Estonia .
Tipaimukh Road is a National Highway in Manipur , India , designated NH-150 .
Poslovna Cona Žeje pri Komendi ( pronounced ( pɔˈsloːu̯na ˈtsoːna ˈʒɛːjɛ pɾi kɔˈmɛːndi ) ; Slovene : Poslovna cona Žeje pri Komendi ; literally , the `` Žeje pri Komendi Industrial Zone '' ) is an uninhabited settlement in the Municipality of Komenda in northern Slovenia .
Liubotyn ( Ukrainian : Люботин , Russian : Любoтин , translit . Lyubotin ) is a city in Kharkiv Oblast ( province ) of eastern Ukraine .
Sultan Azlan Shah Airport ( IATA : IPH , ICAO : WMKI ) is an airport that serves Ipoh , a city in the state of Perak in Malaysia .
Sudinabad ( Persian : سودين اباد‎ , also Romanized as Sūdīnābād ; also known as Sebdīnābād ) is a village in Margavar Rural District , Silvaneh District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kolpashevo ( Russian : Колпа́шево ) is a town and the administrative center of Kolpashevsky District in Tomsk Oblast , Russia , located on the Ob River .
The Avas is a hill of volcanic origin in Miskolc , Hungary .
The Höhere Berufsfachschule für Wirtschaftsinformatik ( HBFS - WI ) located in Saarbrücken , Germany is a school providing higher vocational education in information technology and economics awarding the degree `` Staatlich geprüfte(r ) Wirtschaftsinformatiker(in ) '' ( English : `` state - examined business data processing specialist '' )
Pustomyty ( Ukrainian : Пустомити ) is a city in Lviv Oblast ( region ) of Ukraine .
Malkia ( Hebrew : מַלְכִּיָּה ) is a kibbutz in northern Israel .
Estrada Real ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( iʃˈtɾadɐ ʁeˈaw ) , Royal Road ) is a set of colonial - era roads in Brazil .
The Baie de Douarnenez is a bay in Finistère , France , between the Crozon peninsula to the north and the cap Sizun to the south .
Beginning in 2005 , the SERO organization launched the Le Mans Classic Japan event , meant to run in alternative years from the event in France .
Ziarat - e Tamarkhan ( Persian : زيارت تمرخان‎ , also Romanized as Zīārat - e Tamarkhān ; also known as Sharak - e Tamarkhān ) is a village in Dasht - e Hor Rural District , in the Central District of Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
LORIT : an user interface laboratory ERASME : a data warehouse laboratory TÉLUQ has two Canada research chairs :
Nasovče ( pronounced ( ˈnaːsɔu̯tʃɛ ) ; in older sources also Nasoviče , German : Nassowitsch ) is a small village west of Komenda in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Major League Baseball on TSN is a television presentation of Major League Baseball games on Canada 's TSN ( The Sports Network ) .
Haldia Government Sponsored X - Class Secondary School ( H.S. ) , is one of the oldest school , in the village Basudevpur of sub - division Haldia , Purba Medinipur , West Bengal , India .
XEINFO - AM is a radio station in Tlalnepantla , State of Mexico , serving Mexico City .
Bãi Cháy is a beach resort in Vietnam .
Tymianki - Adamy ( tɨˈmjaŋki aˈdamɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty - Pianki , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Canadian Coast Guard Auxiliary or CCGA ( French : Garde côtière auxiliaire canadienne or GCAC ) is a Canada - wide volunteer marine association dedicated to marine search and rescue ( SAR ) and the promotion of boating safety , through association with the Canadian Coast Guard under the auspices of Canada 's National Search and Rescue Program .
Sarfeh ( Persian : صرفه‎ , also Romanized as Şarfeh ) is a village in Hoseynabad - e Goruh Rural District , Rayen District , Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Mladeškovići ( Cyrillic : Младешковићи ) is a village in the municipality of Konjic , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Bundaleer Station is a pastoral lease that operates as a sheep station in South Australia .
The Brahmaputra Valley semi - evergreen forests is a tropical moist broadleaf forest ecoregion of eastern India and southern Bhutan .
Quainton Windmill ( aka Banner Mill ) is a historic windmill in the village of Quainton , Buckinghamshire , England , United Kingdom .
Kohir Deccan is a town and Mandal headquarters in the Medak district of Telangana , India .
Shienga ( Shinga ) is a village in East Mamprusi district , of the Northern Region of Ghana .
Tserkezoi ( Greek : Τσερκέζοι or Τσερκέζ Τσιφλίκ ; Turkish : Çerkez or Çerkez Çiftliği ) is a village west of Limassol , Cyprus , lying partly in Limassol District , and partly in the British Overseas Territory of Akrotiri and Dhekelia .
Old Town Square ( Czech : Staroměstské náměstí ) is a historic square in the Old Town quarter of Prague , the capital of the Czech Republic .
Miletci ( Serbian : Милетци ) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Puszczykowo ( puʂt͡ʂɨˈkɔvɔ ) ( German : Puszczykowo ) is a town in Poznań County , Poland , with 9,177 inhabitants ( as of 2004 ) .
Kogelberg Nature Reserve is a large ( 3,000 ha ( 7,400 acres ) ) and important nature reserve comprising the Kogelberg Mountain Range , to the east of Cape Town , South Africa .
The News of the World was a national red top newspaper published in the United Kingdom from 1843 to 2011 .
Arriate is a town and municipality in the Province of Málaga , part of the autonomous community of Andalusia in southern Spain .
Chekhreh Mahalleh ( Persian : چخره محله‎ , also Romanized as Chekhreh Maḩalleh ; also known as Chekhr Maḩalleh ) is a village in Asalem Rural District , Asalem District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Nizhneangarsk Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт Нижнеангарск ) ( ICAO : UIUN ) is an airport in Russia located 4 km northeast of Nizhneangarsk and 26 km northeast of Severobaykalsk .
The Kangen River is a river in South Sudan , just west of Boma National Park .
Marina di Pisa is a seaside resort of Tuscany , in central Italy .
The Partisan Memorial Cemetery in Mostar is located in Mostar , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Vilanova d'Alcolea ( Spanish : Villanueva de Alcolea ) is a municipality in the province of Castelló , Valencian Community , Spain .
The Garan Dam is an earth - fill embankment dam on the Garan River , a tributary of the Sirvan River , about 15 km ( 9.3 mi ) northeast of Marivan in Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Khadami Fajirabad ( Persian : خادمي فجراباد‎ , also Romanized as Khādamī Fajirābād ) is a village in Zavarom Rural District , in the Central District of Shirvan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Wrights Range Lights are a set of range lights on Prince Edward Island , Canada .
Vobkent ( Uzbek : Vobkent / Вобкент ; Tajik : Вобкент ; Russian : Вабкент ) is a town in the Bukhara Region of Uzbekistan and the capital of Vabkent district .
Donji Nevizdraci ( Cyrillic : Доњи Невиздраци ) is a village in the municipality of Konjic , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Sveti Ožbolt ( pronounced ( ˈsʋeːti ˈoʒːbɔlt ) ; German : Sankt Oswald ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
In 1847 the Halle Gate became part of Belgium 's Musée Royal d'Armures , d'Antiquités et d'Ethnologie ( Museum of Armour , Antiquity and Ethnology ) , now named the Royal Museums for Art and History .
Canale d'Agordo ( known as Forno di Canale until 1964 ) is a town and comune in the province of Belluno , in the region of Veneto , northern Italy .
Toh Tuck is a residential area in the Western region of Singapore .
Villa El Tato is an urban fragment ( fraccionamiento ) in the Canelones Department of southern Uruguay .
Laghi del Gorzente is a group of three lakes in north - west Italy which straddles the provinces of Genoa ( in Liguria ) and Alessandria ( in Piedmont ) .
CHOC - FM is a French language community radio station that operates at 104.9 MHz ( FM ) in Saint - Rémi , Quebec , Canada .
Laze pri Oneku ( pronounced ( ˈlaːzɛ pri ˈoːnɛku ) ; German : Neufriesach ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia .
Olyva ( Ukrainian : Олива ; Russian : Олива ; Crimean Tatar : Oliva ) is a rural settlement in the Yalta Municipality of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea , a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and annexed by Russia as the Republic of Crimea .
The Episcopal Church of the Epiphany of San Carlos , California , is a parish in the Episcopal Diocese of California , and part of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America ( ECUSA ) .
Gare de Calais - Fréthun is a mainline and international railway station in the suburbs of Calais , France , one of three stations serving the town , the other two are Calais - Ville in the town centre and Gare des Fontinettes in the suburbs .
Pribidoli ( Serbian : Прибидоли ) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Mile End Goods railway station was located on the western fringe of the Adelaide city centre in South Australia .
Braden became a subsidiary company of Kennecott Copper Corporation in 1916 and on July 11 , 1971 with the Chilean nationalization of copper under President Salvador Allende and the formation of the Corporación Nacional del Cobre de Chile ( known as Codelco ) , El Teniente became a state owned operation .
Karghond ( Persian : كرغند‎ , also Romanized as Karqond , Korqand , Kurgūnd , and Korqond ) is a village in Karghond Rural District , Nimbeluk District , Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Greek National Road 50 is a national highway on the island of Cephalonia , Greece .
Living Unified Socialist Party of Catalonia ( Catalan : PSUC viu , lit . `` Living PSUC '' ) is a political party in Catalonia , Spain .
Hedemora is a locality in Dalarna County and the seat of Hedemora Municipality , Sweden , with 7,273 inhabitants in 2010 .
Dundaga Castle is a medieval castle in Dundaga , Latvia , in the Dundaga municipality .
NK Kamen Ingrad was a Croatian football club from Velika , a small town near Požega in the northeast of Croatia .
Lysogorskaya ( Russian : Лысого́рская ) is a rural locality ( a stanitsa ) in Georgiyevsky District of Stavropol Krai , Russia .
Pokr Sepasar ( Armenian : Փոքր Սեպասար , also Romanized as P’ok’r Sepasar ; formerly , Malaya Shishtapa , and Pokr Shishtapa ) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia .
Shur Mahi ( Persian : شور ماهي‎ , also Romanized as Shūr Māhī ) is a village in Anaran Rural District , in the Central District of Dehloran County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Blaauwkrantz Pass is a mountain pass situated in the Eastern Cape , on the R67 , the road between Grahamstown and Port Alfred , South Africa .
Humbang Hasundutan Regency is a regency in the southwest shore of Lake Toba of North Sumatra , Indonesia .
Leuralla is a historic house in Leura , a suburb in the City of Blue Mountains local government area 109 km west of Sydney in New South Wales , Australia .
Jagannath Barooah College ( Assamese : জগন্নাথ বৰুৱা মহাবিদ্যালয় ) ( popularly known as J.B. College ) is located in Jorhat , Assam , India .
Kaad Ranching and Farming Company ( Persian : شركت دامپروري وزراعي كااد‎ -- Sherkat - e Dāmperūrī va Zerā``ī - ye Kāād ) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District , Zarach District , Yazd County , Yazd Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 17 , in 5 families .
Potok - Młyn ( ˈpɔtɔk ˈmwɨn ) is a former settlement in Gmina Miastko , Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Wijckel ( West Frisian : Wikel ) is a village in De Fryske Marren in the province of Fryslan , the Netherlands .
The Magnuskerk ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈmɑxnʏsˌkɛrk ) ; English : Magnus Church ) is a 16th - century church in Bellingwolde in the Netherlands .
The Jerusalem Cinematheque is a cinematheque and film archive in Jerusalem , Israel .
Lietava , Lietauka or Letauka is a rivulet in Lithuania that is believed to have given Lithuania its name .
Markaz Rif Dimashq District ( Arabic : منطقة مركز ريف دمشق , translit . : manṭiqat Markaz Rif Dimašq ) or Damascus Central Countryside District is a district of the Rif Dimashq Governorate in southern Syria .
The Hospital Universitario La Paz is a general hospital situated in the district of Fuencarral - El Pardo in the city of Madrid in Spain .
Burnpur is the Southern neighbourhood in Asansol , Bardhaman District in the heart of the mining - industrial belt in the western periphery of the state of West Bengal , India .
Murt - e Sabz ( Persian : مورت سبز‎ , also Romanized as Mūrt - e Sabz ) is a village in Vizhenan Rural District , in the Central District of Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Güigüe ( pronounced Gwigwe ) is a city in the south of the Valencia Lake , in Carabobo , Venezuela .
Quinta das Lágrimas ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈkĩtɐ dɐʒ ˈlaɡɾimɐʃ ) ) is an estate in Coimbra , Portugal .
Hanumangarh ( Hindi : हनुमानगढ़ ; Punjabi : ਹਨੂਮਾਨਗੜ੍ਹ)is a city in northern Rajasthan state in western India , situated on the banks of the river Ghaggar also identified as Ancient Sarasvati river , located about 400 km from Delhi .
San Pawl Milqi is the ruin of a Roman - period agricultural villa , the most extensive to have ever been unearthed in Malta .
Aitou ( also Aytou , Aytu , Aïtou , Aito , Itoo , Arabic : أيطو‎ ) is a village located in the Zgharta District in the North Governorate of Lebanon .
Srey Santhor District ( Khmer : ស្រុកស្រីសន្ធរ ; `` Glorious City '' ) is a district ( srok ) located in Kampong Cham Province , Cambodia .
Białęciniec ( bjawɛnˈt͡ɕiɲɛt͡s ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Malechowo , within Sławno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Vasvár ( German : Eisenburg , Slovene : Železnograd , Latin : ( formerly ) Castrum Ferrum ) , is a town in Vas county , Hungary .
Paraparaumu Beach is situated to the west of the ' township ' of Paraparaumu , located 50 km north of Wellington , New Zealand .
Astromeritis ( Greek : Αστρομερίτης , Turkish : Astromerit ) is a large village in the Morphou Department of the Nicosia District of Cyprus .
York Park is a sports ground located in the Inveresk and York Park Precinct , Launceston , Australia , and is the largest capacity stadium in Tasmania , holding 20,000 .
The Swedish Chess Federation ( Swedish : Sveriges Schackförbund - SSF ) is the national organization for chess in Sweden .
The Canada Memorial in Green Park , London , United Kingdom , commemorates members of the Canadian Forces killed during the First and Second World Wars .
Recep Tayyip Erdoğan Stadium ( a.k.a . Kasımpaşa Stadium ) is a multi - use stadium in the Kasımpaşa neighbourhood of Istanbul , Turkey .
Mixed Nutz airs on certain PBS and MHz Worldview stations in the United States as well as Shaw TV in Canada .
Kamenianoi ( Greek : Καμενιάνοι ) is a mountain village and a community in the municipal unit of Aroania , Achaea , Greece .
Cuxland , in a tourist sense , is the land between the River Weser and the mouth of the Elbe in the district of Cuxhaven on Germany 's North Sea coast .
The Dunton Technical Centre ( informally Ford Dunton or Dunton ) is a major automotive research and development facility located in Dunton Wayletts , Laindon , Essex , United Kingdom owned and operated by Ford Motor Company .
Lake Dash ( Albanian : Liqeni i Dashit ) is a mountain lake in Albania .
Çobankol ( also , Chobankël and Chobankol '' ) is a village and municipality in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Lalić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Лалић ; Slovak : Laliť ) is a village in Serbia .
Amerikakaj ( lit . `` America Quay '' ) is a 700 metre long quay along the west side of the Søndre Frihavn dock in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Kojčinovac ( Cyrillic : Којчиновац ) is a place located south of the city of Bijeljina in Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Arshaq - e Shomali Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ارشق شمالي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Arshaq District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Khvosh Mardan ( Persian : خوشمردان‎ , also Romanized as Khosh Mardan or Khvosh Mardān ; also known as Khvūsh Mardān ) is a village in Khavashod Rural District , Rud Ab District , Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Popowo ( pɔˈpɔvɔ ) ( German : Papenfeld ) is a village in north - central Poland , in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno , within Lipno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship .
A diplomatic row between the United States and Mexico was initiated on September 13 , 1887 , by the Ambassador of the United States in Mexico , Thomas Courtland Manning , when the prefect of Sahuaripa , Don Loreto Trujillo , imprisoned U.S. Citizen and California native , Jose Q. Garcia , for failing to vote in an election .
The Tihange Nuclear Power Station is one of the two large - scale nuclear power plants in Belgium , the other being Doel Nuclear Power Station .
The Tasmanian Symphony Orchestra ( TSO ) is a symphony orchestra based in Hobart , Tasmania , Australia .
Floridita ( Spanish pronunciation : ( floɾiˈðita ) ) or El Floridita is a historic fish restaurant and cocktail bar in the older part of Havana ( La Habana Vieja ) , Cuba .
Osa Conservation Area is an administrative area which is managed by SINAC for the purposes of conservation in Costa Rica , on the southern Pacific coast region .
Sligo ( Irish : Sligeach , meaning `` abounding in shells '' -- /ˈslaɪɡoʊ/ SLY - goh ; Irish pronunciation : ( ˈɕlʲɪɟəx ) ) is a coastal seaport and the county town of County Sligo , Ireland within the western province of Connacht .
The Newcastle Star is a free weekly newspaper in Newcastle , New South Wales , Australia .
Nazarkahrizi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان نظركهريزئ‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Nazarkahrizi District , Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
El Buh ( Somali : Ceelbuh ) is a town in the northern Sanaag region of Somalia .
Pinchimuru ( Quechua , hispanicized spelling Pinchimuro ) is a mountain in the Cusco Region in Peru , about 4,098 metres ( 13,445 ft ) high .
Southern Rhodesia competed as Rhodesia at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo , Japan .
Vettom is a local body of the Kerala government and also village in the Malappuram district , India .
Kjerulføya is an island north of Nordaustlandet in Svalbard , Norway .
Huancané District ( Aymara Wankani ) is one of eight districts of the province Huancané in Peru .
The Jussi Awards are Finland 's premier film industry event , recognizing annually the past year 's excellence in Finnish film making by directors , actors , and writers .
Qatur ( Persian : قطور‎ , also Romanized as Qaţūr and Qoţūr ; also known as Ghatoor , Kotur , Kutur , and Qutur ) is a city in Qatur Rural District , Qatur District , Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Sofia ( /ˈsoʊfiə/ ) ( Bulgarian : София , Sofiya , pronounced ( ˈsɔfijɐ ) ) is the capital and largest city of Bulgaria .
Kornokipos ( Greek : Κορνόκηπος , Turkish : Görneç ) is a village in the Famagusta District in Cyprus , located on the south eastern side of the Kyrenia Mountains .
Ambodiharina ( vatʷˈmanɖʐʲ ) is a village and commune in the Mahanoro District , Atsinanana Region , Madagascar .
Vavuniya Airport ( Tamil : வவுனியா விமான நிலையம் , Sinhala : වවුනියාව ගුවන්තොටුපළ ) ( ICAO : VCCV ) is an air force base and domestic airport in Vavuniya in northern Sri Lanka .
The Coronation Bridge , also known as the Sevoke Bridge , in Darjeeling district of West Bengal , India , spans across the Teesta River , connecting the districts of Darjeeling and Jalpaiguri .
A Concrete Aboriginal , also known as a Neville , is a lawn ornament once common in Australia .
Ketabang is an area of Genteng , Surabaya in East Java , Indonesia .
Hittisau Women 's Museum ( German : Frauenmuseum Hittisau ) is a museum in Hittisau , Austria , devoted to women .
Mijači ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мијачи ) is a village in the Brestovac municipality of the Požega - Slavonia County , Croatia .
Eshera ( Georgian : ეშერა ; Abkhaz : Ешыра ; Russian : Эшера ) is a village in the Sukhumi district in Abkhazia , Georgia .
Qasr Abu Samrah ( Arabic : قصر أبو سمرة‎ ) is a village and archaeological site in Syria , administratively a part of the Hama District of the Hama Governorate , located 31 kilometers ( 19 mi ) northeast of Hama city .
Sør - Audnedal ( former name : Søndre Undal or Sør - Undal ) is a former municipality in Vest - Agder county in Norway .
Kivukoni is one of Ilala district 's wards found in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania .
The New South Wales Rugby League premiership was the first rugby league football club competition established in Australia and predecessor to today 's National Rugby League .
Kuala Lumpur Middle Ring Road 1 ( KL MRR1 ) is the oldest ring road in Kuala Lumpur and Malaysia , and was built during the British colonial era .
Storyeum was located in the largely touristy area of the Gastown neighbourhood of Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
A Bien de Interés Cultural is a category of the heritage register in Spain .
Nefastus Dies is a black / death metal band from Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Lac de Castillon is a reservoir in Alpes - de - Haute - Provence , France .
An Australophile may extend to someone who is born outside Australia and the definition is not limited to an Australian itself .
Pergamino Aeroclub ( Spanish : Aeroclub de Pergamino , IATA : PER , ICAO : SAAN ) is a public use airport located near Pergamino , Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Čechynce ( Hungarian : Nyitracsehi ) is a village and municipality in the Nitra District in western central Slovakia , in the Nitra Region .
The Perth International Track Cycling Grand Prix is a western Australia premier track cycling event , established in 2000 .
African Rural University ( ARU ) , is a university in Uganda , the third - largest economy in the East African Community .
Tang - e Khvosh ( Persian : تنگ خوش‎ , also Romanized as Tang - e Khowsh ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Deyr County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
The Madrid Defense Council ( Spanish : Junta de Defensa de Madrid ) was an ad - hoc governing body that ran Madrid , Spain , for about six months during the Spanish Civil War ( 1936 - -39 ) .
Wechselburg ( German pronunciation : ( ˈvɛksəlbʊʁk ) ) is a municipality in the district of Mittelsachsen , in Saxony , Germany .
Mhlume is a town located in the Lubombo district of Swaziland .
Varbla ( German : Werpel ) is a village in Pärnu County , in southwestern Estonia .
The Ceahlău Massif ( pronounced ( t͡ʃe̞ahˈləw ) ) is one of the most notorious mountains of Romania .
Radom Synagogue was an Orthodox Synagogue in Radom , Poland , destroyed by Nazi Germany following the invasion of Poland in World War II . The Synagogue was located at Podwalna Street , previously named the Bożnicza Street .
The Uralla Times was a newspaper published under various titles between 1895 and 1983 for the town of Uralla , New South Wales , Australia .
Vivigani Airfield ( IATA : VIV ) was an airstrip at Vivigani on Goodenough Island , part of the D'Entrecasteaux Islands in Papua New Guinea .
Bossembélé is a small town in Yaloke - Bossembele , in the Ombella - M'Poko Prefecture of the Central African Republic , lying 157 miles north west of Bangui on the main road to Cameroon .
Bewani Mountains is a mountain range in northwestern Papua New Guinea .
Gamishli Yelqi ( Persian : گاميشلي يلقي‎ , also Romanized as Gāmīshlī Yelqī and Gomīshlī Yelqī ; also known as Vakīlī ) is a village in Gorganbuy Rural District , in the Central District of Aqqala County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Praça Rui Barbosa ( also called Praça da Estação -- Station Square in English ) is a square in Belo Horizonte , Brazil .
The Pointe de Corsen is the westernmost point of continental France , located west of Brest in the Plouarzel Commune , Finistère , Brittany .
Rigshospitalet ( meaning The National , State or Kingdom Hospital , but not usually translated ) is one of the largest hospitals in Denmark and the most highly specialised hospital in Copenhagen .
Grzmikoło ( ɡʐmiˈkɔwɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dobiegniew , within Strzelce - Drezdenko County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Skowronów ( skɔˈvrɔnuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów , within Częstochowa County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Trampolino di Pakstall is a ski jumping normal hill in Gallio , Italy .
Galícia Esporte Clube is a Brazilian football club from Salvador , capital of the state of Bahia , in Brazil 's northeast region .
Estat Català ( Eastern Catalan : ( əsˈtat kətəˈɫa ) , Western Catalan : ( esˈtat kataˈla ) ) is a historical pro - independence political party in Catalonia , Spain .
Nowduk ( Persian : نودوك‎ , also Romanized as Nowdūḵ ) is a village in Barakuh Rural District , Jolgeh - e Mazhan District , Khusf County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Montbrun - les - Bains ( Montbrun in Occitan ) is a commune in the Drôme department in southeastern France .
Cheruthazham is a census town in Kannur district in the state of Kerala , India .
Burovdal ( also , Bruydal and Buravdal ) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Magdeborn was a village south of Leipzig , Germany .
Nha Trang University is a university in Nha Trang , Khánh Hòa Province , in Vietnam 's South Central Coast .
Župa dubrovačka is a valley , a group of towns and a municipality of Dubrovnik - Neretva County in south - eastern Croatia .
XERKS - AM ( branded as La Poderosa ) is a Spanish - language AM radio station that serves the McAllen , Texas ( USA ) / Reynosa , Tamaulipas ( Mexico ) border area .
Despotovo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Деспотово ) is a village located in the Bačka Palanka municipality , in the South Bačka District of Serbia .
Stockholm Central Station ( Swedish : Stockholms Centralstation , Stockholm C ) is the largest railway station in Sweden .
The Keilor archaeological site was among the first places to demonstrate the antiquity of Aboriginal occupation of Australia when a cranium , unearthed in 1940 , was found to be nearly 15,000 years old .
The Trans - Siberian Railway is often associated with the main transcontinental Russian line that connects hundreds of large and small cities of the European and Asian parts of Russia .
Shahrud Cement Company ( Persian : ساختمان كارخانه سيمان شاهرود‎ , -- Sākhtemān Kārkhāneh - ye Sīmān Shāhrūd ) is a village and company town in Kharqan Rural District , Bastam District , Shahrud County , Semnan Province , Iran .
The Regensburger Domspatzen ( Regensburg Cathedral Choir ) is the official choir for the liturgical music at St Peter 's Cathedral in Regensburg , Bavaria , Germany .
Gandi Khan Khel railway station ( Urdu : گنڈی خان خیل ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Pakistan .
Shal ( Persian : شال‎‎ ) ( Tati : چال , Čâl ) is a city in and the capital of Shal District , in Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Kar Ashub ( Persian : كراشوب‎ , also Romanized as Kar Āshūb ; also known as Karāshb and Karāshū ) is a village in Rostam - e Yek Rural District , in the Central District of Rostam County , Fars Province , Iran .
Estância de Baixo ( Cape Verde Creole : Stanxa d '' Bóx '' ) is a settlement in the western part of the island of Boa Vista , Cape Verde .
Shirin Shahr is a new planned city in the Khuzestan province of Iran .
Forming a part of the Canton and Enderbury Islands condominium from 1939 - -79 , the island is now a possession of the Republic of Kiribati .
Kabalgram or Kabal Gram ( Urdu : کابلگرام ‎ ) is a village with the largest population in Martung Tehsil of Shangla District , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province Pakistan .
Anacopia Fortress ( Georgian : ანაკოფია ) is an ancient Abkhazian military citadel in New Athos ( as it is currently known ) in the Russian sponsored Autonomous Republic of Abkhazia , located some 22 km ( 14 miles ) by road along the coast from Sukhumi .
Saint Petersburg Philharmonia ( Russian : Санкт-Петербургская филармония ) is a music society located in Saint Petersburg , Russia , and is the name of the building where it is housed .
Santa Rosa de Copán , Honduras , is the largest and most important city in western Honduras with a population of 42,803 .
Wanganui Collegiate School is a state - integrated coeducational , day and boarding secondary school in Whanganui , Manawatu - Wanganui region , New Zealand .
Třemošná ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈtr̝̊ɛmoʃnaː ) ; German : Tschemoschna ) is a town in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic .
Fürstenfeld ( Hungarian : Fölöstöm ) is a town and a district in southeastern Austria .
Bái Tử Long National Park ( Vietnamese : Vườn quốc gia Bái Tử Long ) is a protected area zone in northeastern Vietnam .
Standing at 698 metres , Camaderry is the 17th / 18th highest mountain in the Wicklow Mountains and the 114th highest mountain in Ireland , joint with Silsean which also has a height of 698 metres .
The Arieșul Mare ( Hungarian : Nagy - Aranyos ) is a river in the Apuseni Mountains , Alba County , western Romania .
The Queensland Theological College ( QTC ) is a theological college in Queensland , Australia .
Leskensky District ( Russian : Лескенский райо́н ; Kabardian : Лэскэн къедзыгъуэ ; Karachay - Balkar : Лескен район ) is an administrative and a municipal district ( raion ) , one of the ten in the Kabardino - Balkar Republic , Russia .
The Deutsches Schauspielhaus is a theatre in the St. Georg quarter of the city of Hamburg , Germany .
Sinaoros or Sina Oros ( Greek : Σινάoρος ) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus , located 3 km north of Kakopetria .
Borj - e Akram ( Persian : برج اكرم‎ , also Romanized as Borj Akram ; also known as Borj ) is a village in Borj - e Akram Rural District , in the Central District of Fahraj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kupe 's Sail is a geological formation near the eastern end of Palliser Bay at the southern end of the North Island of New Zealand .
The Bukit Timah Satellite Earth Station ( Chinese : 武吉知马卫星地面站 ; Malay : Stesen Satelit Bumi Bukit Timah ) is the second satellite earth station in Singapore after Sentosa Satellite Earth Station in Sentosa Island .
Bert Church High School is a high school in Airdrie , Alberta , Canada with approximately 925 students in enrollment .
Gav Miru ( Persian : گاو ميرو‎ , also Romanized as Gāv Mīrū ) is a village in Bahmai - ye Garmsiri - ye Shomali Rural District , Bahmai - ye Garmsiri District , Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Wenshang County ( simplified Chinese : 汶上县 ; traditional Chinese : 汶上縣 ; pinyin : Wénshàng Xiàn ) is a county of southwestern Shandong province , People 's Republic of China .
Kamnik ( pronounced ( ˈkaːmnik ) ; German : Stein or Stein in Oberkrain ) is a town in northern Slovenia .
Jastrzębia Góra ( German : Habichtsberg , Kashubian : Pilëce or Jastrzãbiô Góra ) is a village on the south coast of the Baltic Sea in the Kashubia , in the administrative district of Gmina Władysławowo , within Puck County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Marine Environmental Data and Information Network ( MEDIN ) is a United Kingdom organization created to curate marine environmental data .
The Kot Diji Fort ( Sindhi:ڪوٽ ڏيجي جو قلعو ) , formally known as Fort Ahmadabad , is a fort located in the town of Kot Diji in Khairpur District , Pakistan about 25 miles east of the Indus River at the edge of the Nara - Rajisthan Desert .
Semeli ( Greek : Σεμέλη ) is a settlement in the Xanthi regional unit of Greece , part of the community of Toxotes .
Imathia ( Greek : Ημαθία ( imaˈθia ) ) is one of the regional units of Greece .
Located south of Vangunu Island in the Solomon Islands , it is named after a sea god of the New Georgia Group islanders , and is also referred to locally as Rejo te Kavachi ( `` Kavachi 's oven '' ) .
Brychon or Vrychonas ( Ancient Greek : Βρύχων , Modern Greek : Βρύχωνας , English translation : `` the roaring one '' ) was the name of two different small rivers in Greece .
The Oste - Hamme Canal or Hamme - Oste Canal is a canal in north Germany , that links the rivers Oste and Hamme .
Atbulaq ( also , Atbulak ) is a village and municipality in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Kupa Piti Kungka Tjuta is a council of Senior Aboriginal Women from Coober Pedy , South Australia .
Maradugao River ( also called Maridugao and Maridagao ) is a river that serves as a natural boundary between the provinces of Bukidnon and Lanao del Sur in Mindanao in southern Philippines .
Take 3 - A Clean Beach Initiative is a non - profit organisation based on the Central Coast of New South Wales , Australia .
Supetar ( Croatian pronunciation : ( sǔpetar ) , Italian : San Pietro della Brazza ) is a town and a city on the northern side of the Dalmatian island of Brač , in the Split - Dalmatia County , in Croatia .
Nea Santa ( Greek : Νέα Σάντα , old name Volovot until 1926 ) , is a small town in Kilkis regional unit , in the Central Macedonia region of Greece .
Sutton Park School is an independent or private co - education multi - denominational school located just off Saint Fintan 's Road in Sutton at the city side of Howth Head on the Northside of Dublin , Ireland .
Daegu Baseball Stadium is a multi - use stadium in Daegu , South Korea .
Klang Island is an island in Selangor , Malaysia with an area of 2.70 km² , covered by mangrove swamps .
Hay County was one of the 26 counties of Western Australia that were designated in 1829 as cadastral divisions .
The R. L. Hearn Generating Station was the site of Canada 's first 100 MW steam turbo - generator set .
Sapareva Banya ( Bulgarian : Сапарева баня , transliterated Sapareva banya ) is a town in southwestern Bulgaria , part of Kyustendil Province .
Ceará - Mirim is city in Rio Grande do Norte , Brazil .
Dhunni is a village in Kharian Tehsil , Gujrat District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Draga pri Šentrupertu ( pronounced ( ˈdɾaːɡa pɾi ʃɛnˈtɾuːpɛɾtu ) or ( ˈdɾaːɡa pɾi ʃənˈtɾuːpɛɾtu ) ) is a village northwest of Šentrupert in southeastern Slovenia .
The Barasch Brothers ' Department Store ( German : Warenhaus Gebrüder Barasch ) is the original name of a department store in Wrocław , Poland ( then Breslau , Germany ) , located between the eastern side of the market square and the Ulica Szewska ( German : Schuhbrücke ) .
Balatonfűzfő is a town at the northeast corner of Lake Balaton in Hungary .
M'Chigeeng First Nation , also known as West Bay , is an Ojibwe First Nation band government in the Manitoulin District of Ontario , Canada .
Redonda Beach ( Praia Redonda in Portuguese , lit . `` Round Beach '' ) is an extensive maritime beach of Póvoa de Varzim in Portugal and the city 's most southeasterly beach .
Wielmoża ( vjɛlˈmɔʐa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sułoszowa , within Kraków County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Middle Ramu District is a district in the southwest of Madang Province in Papua New Guinea .
The National Bank of the Kyrgyz Republic ( Kyrgyz : Кыргыз Республикасынын Улуттук Банкы,Kyrgyz Respublikasynyn Uluttuk Banky ) is the central bank of Kyrgyzstan .
Vazeilles - Limandre is a commune in the Haute - Loire department in south - central France in the region Auvergne .
Wah railway station ( Urdu : واہ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Wah town , Rawalpindi district of Punjab province of the Pakistan .
Lopare ( Serbian Cyrillic : Лопаре ) is a town and municipality in Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Kočarim ( Serbian : Кочарим ) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Corrib gas project ( Irish : Tionscanamh Ghás Aiceanta na Coiribe ) entails the extraction of a natural gas deposit off the northwest coast of Ireland .
Artists ' Television Access ( ATA ) is a non - profit art gallery and screening venue in San Francisco 's Mission District in the United States of America .
Julius Nyerere University of Kankan ( UJNK ) , also known as Université de Kankan is a university in Kankan , Guinea .
Mattaur , also known as Kamagata Maru Nagar , is a village in Mohali , India between the 70 and 71 sectors of Mohali .
Ipele ( Yoruba : Ìpélè . Dialect : Ùpélè ) is a town in Owo Local Government in Ondo State , South - Western Nigeria .
Arette ( Areta in Occitan ) is a French commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine region of southwestern France .
Thiri Pyissaya ( Burmese : သီရိပစ္စယာ , pronounced : ( θìɹḭ pjɪʔsəjà ) ; also spelled Thiri Pyitsaya and Siripaccaya ) is a classical name of the city of Bagan ( Pagan ) , Myanmar .
The Hwajeong Museum is a museum in Pyeongchang - dong , Jongno - gu , Seoul , South Korea .
Devendrar College of Physiotherapy ( Tamil:தேவேந்திரர் உடலியக்க மருத்துவக் கல்லூரி ) , is a Physiotherapy Medical College in South India , located in the city of Tirunelveli , Ariyakulam in the state of Tamil Nadu , India .
The World Exchange Plaza is an office and retail building in Downtown Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
The Californio era was from the first Spanish presence established by the Portolá expedition in 1769 until the region 's cession to the United States of America in 1848 .
Parry Sound Area Municipal Airport , ( IATA : YPD , TC LID : CNK4 ) , is located 12 nautical miles ( 22 km ; 14 mi ) southeast of Parry Sound , Ontario , Canada .
Nyandoma ( Russian : Ня́ндома ) is a town and the administrative center of Nyandomsky District in Arkhangelsk Oblast , Russia , located 347 kilometers ( 216 mi ) south of Arkhangelsk , the administrative center of the oblast .
Lohača ( pronounced ( lɔˈxaːtʃa ) ) is a small village in the hills west of Planina in the Municipality of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Health Products and Food Branch ( HPFB ) of Health Canada manages the health - related risks and benefits of health products and food by minimizing risk factors while maximizing the safety provided by the regulatory system .
Kritou Marottou ( Greek : Κρίτου Μαρόττου ) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus , located 2 km east of Fyti .
Mishamandan ( Persian : ميشامندان‎ , also Romanized as Mīshāmandān ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Nipissing University is a public liberal arts university located in North Bay , Ontario , Canada , on a 720-acre ( 290 ha ) site overlooking Lake Nipissing .
Glasnevin ( Irish : Glas Naíon , meaning `` stream of the infants '' , also known as Glas Naedhe , meaning `` stream of O'Naeidhe '' after an ancient chieftain ) is a largely residential middle - class neighbourhood of Dublin , Ireland .
Grušena ( pronounced ( ˈɡɾuːʃɛna ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills above Jurij ob Pesnici in the Municipality of Kungota in the western part of the Slovene Hills ( Slovene : Slovenske gorice ) in northeastern Slovenia .
Gummerup is a place in Glamsbjerg municipality on the island of Funen , central Denmark .
Erbil International Airport ( IATA : EBL , ICAO : ORER ) , is the main airport of Erbil city in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq .
Afak ( Arabic : عفك‎ ) is a town in Al Diwaniyah Governorate , Iraq .
The Rotterdam University of Applied Sciences ( Dutch : Hogeschool Rotterdam ) is a vocational university located in the city of Rotterdam , Netherlands .
Alappuzha ( pronunciation ) , also known as Alleppey , is the administrative headquarters of Alappuzha District of Kerala state of southern India .
Wola Głupicka ( ˈvɔla ɡwuˈpit͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drużbice , within Bełchatów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Belirang - Beriti is a volcanic complex that rises above the Semalako Plain in the southwest of Sumatra , Indonesia .
Wase Rock is a massive dome shaped rocky inselberg found near Wase town in Wase Local Government Area of Plateau State in central Nigeria .
Padangbai is a small town in eastern Bali , Indonesia near Candidasa .
Zolochiv ( Ukrainian : Золочів , Polish : Złoczów , Yiddish : זלאָטשאָוו‎ , Zlotchov ) is a small city of district significance in Lviv Oblast of Ukraine , the administrative center of Zolochiv Raion .
In 1859 it became part of the newly formed Italy as Montecchio Emilia .
Tuliszków ( tuˈliʂkuf ) is a town in Turek County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , Poland , with 3,406 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Berettyóújfalu is a town in Hajdú - Bihar county , in center of the Northern Great Plain region of eastern Hungary .
Herstelle Abbey , otherwise Abbey of the Holy Cross , Herstelle , is a house of Benedictine nuns in Herstelle , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Castel San Giovanni ( Piacentine dialect : Castél San Giuàn ) is a town and comune in the province of Piacenza , Emilia - Romagna , Italy .
Nagri Bala is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in the Hazara province of Pakistan .
Map Ta Phut ( Thai : มาบตาพุด ) is a town ( thesaban mueang ) in Rayong Province , Thailand .
Imini River ( Arabic : نهر اميني‎ ) is a river in Morocco , located at 30.9666667 ° N 7.0833333 ° W. It flows from eastern Atlas Mountains and enters Ouarzazate River , which enters Draa River .
Sogge Bridge ( Norwegian : Sogge bru ) is a truss bridge crossing Rauma in Rauma , Norway , carrying County Road 63 .
Kojtryny ( kɔi̯ˈtrɨnɨ ) ( German : Kattreinen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Bechem is a small town and is the capital of Tano South district of the Brong Ahafo Region of Ghana , and Bechem is the district capital for the Tano South Constituency .
The Carol I National Defence University ( Romanian : Universitatea Naţională de Apărare `` Carol I '' ( UNAp ) ) is an institution of higher education , located in Bucharest , Romania .
Manitoba Centennial Centre is an arts centre in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada , it began as an urban renewal program in 1960 .
Ehmej ( Arabic : إهمج‎ ; also spelled Ihmij ) is a municipality in the Jbeil District of Mount Lebanon Governorate , Lebanon .
Kaviyoor Mahadevar Temple is one of the important Siva temples in Kerala , located in Kaviyoor , Pathanamthitta District , Kerala , India .
Jérez del Marquesado is a municipality in the province of Granada , southern Spain .
Yayamari ( other names : Ambrocca or Ambroja in hispanicized spellings or Montura ) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 6,049 metres ( 19,846 ft ) high .
The Kugelbake ( German : Ball Beacon ) is a historic aid to navigation in the city of Cuxhaven , Germany , at the northernmost point of Lower Saxony , where the River Elbe flows into the North Sea .
Nkandla Local Municipality is an administrative area in the uThungulu District of KwaZulu - Natal province in South Africa .
Qazdeh ( Persian : قاضده‎ , also Romanized as Qāẕdeh ; also known as Fāẕdeh and Ghāzdeh ) is a village in Kasma Rural District , in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Frankfurt Airport ( IATA : FRA , ICAO : EDDF ) ( German : Flughafen Frankfurt am Main , also known as Rhein - Main - Flughafen ) is a major international airport located in Frankfurt , the fifth - largest city of Germany and one of the world 's leading financial centres .
Talish - i Gushtasbi is the historical name of the northern Talysh area , presently a part of the Republic of Azerbaijan .
The Meratus Dayak inhabit the Meratus Mountains of South Kalimantan , Indonesia .
Akbarabad - e Chalus ( Persian : اكبرابادچالوس‎ , also Romanized as Akbarābād - e Chālūs ) is a village in Kelarestaq - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Chalus County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Kluczkowo ( klut͡ʂˈkɔvɔ ) ( formerly German Klützkow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdwin , within Świdwin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Palácio de Lahane ( Lahane Palace ) is an historic building in East Timor .
Vitali Island is the largest of the 28 offshore islands that constitute the city of Zamboanga in the Republic of the Philippines .
Club Sportivo Independiente Rivadavia ( mostly known simply as Independiente Rivadavia ) is a football club from Mendoza , Argentina .
Mangakino is a small town on the banks of the Waikato River in the North Island of New Zealand .
Sens Cathedral ( French : Cathédrale Saint - Étienne de Sens ) is a Catholic cathedral in Sens in Burgundy , eastern France .
Kokkino Chorio ( or `` Red Village '' ) is a village situated in the Chania regional unit of Crete , Greece .
Kempraten - Lenggis is a village ( Kirchdorf ) within the municipality of Rapperswil - Jona , Wahlkreis ( constituency ) of See - Gaster in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland .
Czyżew ( ˈt͡ʂɨʐɛf ) is a town in Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Corus Quay , originally named First Waterfront Place , is an eight - storey commercial office tower located on a 2.5-acre ( 1.0 ha ) waterfront site in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Chah - e Beyki ( Persian : چاه بيكي‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Beykī ) is a village in Dehshir Rural District , in the Central District of Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Strokestown , historically called Bellanamullia and Bellanamully ( Irish : Béal na mBuillí ) , is a town in County Roscommon , Ireland .
Lucrinus Lacus , or Lucrine Lake ( Italian : Lago di Lucrino ) is a lake of Campania , southern Italy , less than one kilometre to the south of Lake Avernus .
Vatani Stadium ( Persian : ورزشگاه وطنی‎ ) is a multi - use stadium in Qa'em Shahr , Iran .
Jaktorów ( jakˈtɔruf ) is a village in Grodzisk Mazowiecki County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Hrast pri Jugorju ( pronounced ( ˈxɾaːst pɾi ˈjuːɡɔɾju ) ; German : Hrast bei Jugorje ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Shenasvand ( Persian : شناسوند‎ , also Romanized as Shenāsvand , Chanāsvand , Chanasband , Chenasband , Chenāsvand , Chinasband , Shanāsfand , Shenāsband , and Shenāsfand ) is a village in Qaqazan - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Takestan County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Courcelles - en - Bassée is a commune in the Seine - et - Marne department in the Île - de - France region .
Sagrado is nearby the Monte San Michele , the seat of fierce fightings between Italy and Austria - Hungary during World War I.
Sarahart ( Armenian : Սարահարթ , also romanized as Sarahart '' and Saraart ; formerly , Gyullidzha ) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia .
Lake Čepić ( Croatian : Čepićko jezero , Raško , Kožljansko , Sisolsko , Italian : Lago d'Arsa ) was the only natural lake in Istria , Croatia .
The Melbourne Track Classic is an annual outdoor track and field meeting which takes place in early March in Melbourne , Australia .
Severouralsk Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт Североуральск ) ( ICAO : USSE ) is an airport in Russia located 6 km southeast of Severouralsk .
Sant Roc , also known as Sant Roc d'Amer , Sant Roc de la Barroca and Grony , is a mountain of the Catalan Transversal Range , Catalonia , Spain .
Choghar Chuiyeh ( Persian : چغارچوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Choghār Chū’īyeh ; also known as Chagharchūn , Choghāchū’īyeh , Choghār Chūn , and Jagharchūn ) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Yahudi Hamam ( Greek : Γιαχουντί Χαμάμ ) is an Ottoman - era bath in Thessaloniki , Greece .
Poltringen Airfield is a private airfield located in Poltringen , which belongs to the town of Ammerbuch , Germany .
The former Rydal Bank Church , also known as the Rydal Bank Presbyterian Church and the Rydal Bank United Church , is an historic Carpenter Gothic - style church building located at 1634 Highway 638 , in Rydal Bank in the township of Plummer Additional , north of Bruce Mines , Ontario , Canada .
The HAN University of Applied Sciences ( Hogeschool van Arnhem en Nijmegen in Dutch ) , often abbreviated as HAN , is a vocational university of applied sciences with campuses in Arnhem and Nijmegen in the Netherlands .
Isla Escudo de Veraguas is a small ( 4.3 km2 ) isolated Caribbean island of the Republic of Panama .
Zscheiplitz is a village in the southern part of Sachsen - Anhalt , Germany , former site of a Benedictine Monastery and an aristocratic residence .
Gallician is a village in the commune of Vauvert in the département of Gard , in the region of Languedoc - Roussillon , southern France .
Montana Wines is New Zealand 's largest wine company , owning vineyards in Gisborne , Hawkes Bay , Marlborough , and Waipara .
Adaran Rural District ( Persian : دهستان آدران‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Asara District , Karaj County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Kambut , sometimes is known as Gambut , is a village in eastern Libya , some 50 km ( 31 mi ) east of Tobruk .
Mameria is an area of high - altitude jungle to the northeast of the Paucartambo range in southeast Peru , drained by the Mameria river , an affluent of the Nistrón river .
Samail ( Arabic : سمائل‎ ) is a Wilayah ( town ) located in the Ad Dakhiliyah Region of the Sultanate of Oman .
Nowe Chechło ( ˈnɔvɛ ˈxɛxwɔ ) ( German Neu Chechlau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świerklaniec , within Tarnowskie Góry County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Pikk Hermann or Tall Hermann ( German : Langer Hermann ) is a tower of the Toompea Castle , on Toompea hill in Tallinn , the capital of Estonia .
Agios Sozomenos ( Greek : Αγιος Σωζόμενος Turkish : Arpalık ) is largely deserted village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus , located close to the Green Line south of Geri .
Lac du Rotondu ( Corsican : Lavu Bellebone ) is a lake in Corsica , France .
The Galwan River flows from southern Xinjiang region of China to Jammu and Kashmir of India .
The Ottawa Business Journal is a regional business publication serving Canada 's National Capital Region .
The Merwede ( etymology uncertain , possibly derived from the ancient Dutch Merwe or Merowe , a word meaning `` wide water '' ) is the name of several connected stretches of river in The Netherlands , between the cities of Woudrichem , Dordrecht and Papendrecht .
Podreča ( pronounced ( pɔˈdɾeːtʃa ) ; in older sources also Podreče , German : Podretsche ) is a village on the right bank of the Sava River in the City Municipality of Kranj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Staatstheater Kassel is a state - owned and -operated theater in Kassel , Germany .
Brežice railway station ( Slovene : Železniška postaja Brežice ) is the principal railway station serving Brežice , Slovenia .
Pokak is a village in Indonesia It is part of the Ceper sub - district of Klaten It is separated into two sub - village , Pokak and Tegal Duwur , separated by vast farmland , Pokak then divided further into West and East Pokak .
Boyang ( simplified Chinese : 播扬 ; traditional Chinese : 播揚 ; pinyin : Bōyáng ) is a town in southwestern Guangdong province , People 's Republic of China , located near the border with Guangxi .
Zijpe ( pronunciation ) is a former municipality in the Netherlands , in the province of North Holland .
Santa Ana del Yacuma ( short : Santa Ana ) is a town in the Beni Department in north - eastern Bolivia .
The Estadio Feliciano Cáceres , is a football stadium in the city of Luque , Paraguay .
Mazraeh - ye Pir Veysabad ( Persian : مزرعه پيرويس اباد‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Pīr Veysābād ) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
The Greater London Built - up Area or Greater London Urban Area is the conurbation or continuous urban area of London , United Kingdom , as defined by the Office for National Statistics .
Dowlai ( Persian : دولايي‎ , also Romanized as Dowlā’ī and Do Lā’ī ; also known as Dollā’ī ) is a village in Seyyed Shahab Rural District , in the Central District of Tuyserkan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Śledziejowice ( ɕlɛd͡ʑɛjɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczka , within Wieliczka County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Kholard ( Persian : خلرد‎ ) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District , Chahardangeh District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Kanali ( Greek : Κανάλι ) is a seaside village and a community in the Preveza regional unit , northwestern Greece .
Schöckl Transmitter is a facility for FM- and TV - transmission on the Schöckl Mountain in Steiermark , Austria .
The FV4034 Challenger 2 is a British main battle tank ( MBT ) in service with the armies of the United Kingdom and Oman .
N'zeto Airport ( IATA : ARZ , ICAO : FNZE ) is an airport serving N'zeto , Angola .
Khon Kaen Wittayayon School ( Thai : โรงเรียนขอนแก่นวิทยายน ) is a public school located in downtown Khon Kaen Province , Thailand .
Khirokitia ( sometimes spelled Choirokoitia ; Greek : Χοιροκοιτία ( çiɾociˈti.a ) , Turkish : Hirokitya ) is an archaeological site on the island of Cyprus dating from the Neolithic age .
Cergău ( German : Schergied ; Hungarian : Cserged ) is a commune located in Alba County , Romania .
Voronezh State Medical University named after N. N. Burdenko ( former Voronezh State Medical Academy ) is located in Voronezh , Russia .
Kallehusi ( Persian : كلهوسي‎ , also Romanized as Kallehūsī ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Abnama Rural District ( Persian : دهستان آب نما‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
El Mourouj ( Arabic : المروج ) is a town and commune in the southern suburbs of Tunis in the Ben Arous Governorate , Tunisia .
Qarah Qayah - ye Shakarlu ( Persian : قره قيه شكرلو‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Qayah - ye Shakarlū ; also known as Qarah Qayah ) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District , Hurand District , Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Nukapu is one of the islands of the nation of Solomon Islands .
The Lappeenranta railway station ( Finnish : Lappeenrannan rautatieasema , Swedish language : Villmanstrands järnvägsstation ) is located in the city of Lappeenranta in Finland .
The Alfenz river is approximately 26 kilometres long and is the largest river in the Klostertal in Austria .
Primorsko ( Bulgarian : Приморско ) is a town and seaside resort in southeastern Bulgaria , part of Burgas Province .
Merritt Mountain Music Festival was an outdoor music festival in Merritt , British Columbia , Canada .
Senise is a town in southern Italy , in a region called Basilicata .
Gökova is a municipality ( belde ) in the district of Ula in Muğla Province , Turkey .
Al Shamiya ( Arabic : الشامية‎ ) is a suburb of Kuwait City .
Windpark Noordoostpolder is an onshore and near - shore wind farm under construction in Flevoland , the Netherlands .
The Château de Péronne is a partly ruined castle in the commune of Péronne in the Somme département of France .
Gaasperplas is an artificial lake used for recreational purposes south - east of Amsterdam in the Netherlands .
The Fritzerkogel is a mountain in the Tennengebirge ( Tennen Mountain Range ) in the northern Limestone Alps , Austria .
Yerevan State Institute of Theatre and Cinematography ( previously known as Yerevan State Institute of Theatrical Arts and Yerevan State Institute of Theatre and Fine Arts ) or YSITC is a public education institute and non - profit organization located in Yerevan , Armenia .
Qaqortuatsiaq is a former settlement on the northern shore of Appat Island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland .
Started in 1935 by Wallace Seccombe 's Current Publications , Quill & Quire 's original editorial focus was on office supplies and stationery , with books taking on increasing importance only as Canada 's fledgling indigenous book publishing industry began to grow and flourish .
Baraki Rajan ( Dari / Pashtun : برکی راجان ) is a town within the Baraki Barak District of Logar Province , Afghanistan .
Nimba National Forest is a national forest in Nimba County , Liberia .
Mount Bangeta , also known as Mount Sarawaget , is the highest mountain in Morobe Province , Papua New Guinea .
Chabrillan is a commune of the Drôme département in southeastern France .
The Bataafs Lyceum is a public high school in Hengelo , Netherlands .
Duhallow ( Irish : Dúiche Ealla ) is a barony located in the north - western part of County Cork , Ireland .
Toronto Harbour or Toronto Bay is a bay on the north shore of Lake Ontario , in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Kalateh - ye Aqa Nabi ( Persian : كلاته اقانبي‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Āqā Nabī ) is a village in Badranlu Rural District , in the Central District of Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Phước Sơn Temple ( Chùa Phước Sơn , Vietnamese : Chùa Thập Tháp Di - Đà or Thập Tháp Di - Đà Tự ) is a historic 19th - century temple in Phú Yên Province in south central Vietnam .
Grudza ( ˈɡrud͡za ) ( German : Birngrütz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirsk , within Lwówek Śląski County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the Czech border .
Mount Stirling is a mountain in the Victorian Alps of the Great Dividing Range , located in the Hume region of Victoria , Australia .
Arzuiyeh ( Persian : ارزوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Arzū’īyeh , Arzoo’eyeh , Orzū’īyeh , `` Orsū’īyeh , and Ozū’īyeh ; also known as Ārzū ) is a city in and the capital of Arzuiyeh County , in Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 5,668 , in 1,286 families .
Roztropna ( rɔsˈtrɔpna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sucha , within Sochaczew County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Karl XII - øya ( English : Carl XII Island ) is an island north of Nordaustlandet , Svalbard , Norway .
Yérétiélé is a village in northwestern Ivory Coast .
Īslīce parish ( Latvian : Īslīces pagasts ) is an administrative unit of Bauska Municipality , Latvia .
Abalak ( or Abalagh ) is a town located in the Tahoua Region , Abalak Department of northern Niger .
Arokpa is a coastal village in south - western Ivory Coast .
Canberra Symphony Orchestra ( CSO ) is the professional orchestra of the Australian Capital Territory based in Canberra , the national capital of Australia .
Tallink is an Estonian shipping company currently operating Baltic Sea cruiseferries and ropax ships from Estonia to Finland , Estonia to Sweden , Latvia to Sweden and Finland to Sweden .
Drehnow ( Lower Sorbian : Drjenow , Polish Drzonów ) is a municipality in the district of Spree - Neiße , in Brandenburg , Germany .
Resava Cave ( Serbian : Ресавска пећина , Resavska pećina ) or Resavska Cave is a cave near Jelovac in eastern Serbia , about 20 km from Despotovac .
Durrat Al - Arus is an integrated tourist village built in 1996 around 40 kilometers north of Jeddah center ( Saudi Arabia ) in the very old village `` Dahaban '' , which is now a part of the Jeddah city .
The Munich massacre was an attack during the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich , West Germany , at which eleven Israeli Olympic team members were taken hostage and eventually killed , along with a German police officer , by the Palestinian group Black September .
Zirrah Rural District ( Persian : دهستان زيرراه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Sadabad District , Dashtestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Velké Meziříčí ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈvɛlkɛː ˈmɛzɪr̝iːtʃiː ) ; German : Groß Meseritsch ) is a town in the Vysočina Region , Czech Republic .
Ahghuk ( Persian : اهجوك‎ , also Romanized as Āhghūk , Āhchūk , and Ah Chūk ) is a village in Korond Rural District , in the Central District of Boshruyeh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Górka Wąsoska ( ˈɡurka vɔ̃ˈsɔska ) ( German : Gurkau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz , within Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
RCAF Station Grostenquin , also known as 2 ( Fighter ) Wing or 2 Wing , was a Royal Canadian Air Force ( RCAF ) station located five km north of the town of Grostenquin in the Moselle department , Lorraine , northeastern France .
La Morella or Morella is a mountain located in Begues municipality , Catalonia , Spain .
Salinko ( saˈlinkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewino , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Manas International Airport ( Kyrgyz : Манас эл аралык аэропорту ) ( IATA : FRU ( БИШ ) , ICAO : UCFM)(formerly UAFM ) is the main international airport in Kyrgyzstan located 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) north - northwest of the capital Bishkek .
The Metropoolregio Eindhoven ( MRE ; English : Eindhoven Metropolitan Region ) , until 1 January 2014 the Samenwerkingsverband Regio Eindhoven ( SRE ; English : Cooperative union for the Region of Eindhoven ) is a regional governmental agency for the city region of Eindhoven , Netherlands .
Heravan ( Persian : هروان‎ , also Romanized as Heravān ) is a village in Dizajrud - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Ajab Shir County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Čajniče ( Serbian Cyrillic : Чајниче , pronounced ( tʃâːjniːtʃɛ ) ) is a town and municipality in Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
I d Gah Mosque or Eid Gah Mosque is the second largest mosque in Kabul , the capital of Afghanistan .
Pampatar is a city on Isla Margarita , Nueva Esparta State , Venezuela .
Clusone ( Clüsü in Bergamasque dialect ) is an Italian town and comune in the province of Bergamo , Lombardy , Italy .
The Morelos railway accident occurred on 23 June 1881 near Cuautla , Morelos in Mexico when an entire train plunged into the San Antonio river , killing over 200 people .
Zielonówek ( ʑɛlɔˈnuvɛk ) ( German : Grüneberg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olecko , within Olecko County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Miami Platja ( Catalan pronunciation : ( miˈami ˈpɫadʒə ) ) is a coastal resort about 30 km south of Tarragona , in Catalonia , north - east Spain .
Vadamarachchi ( Tamil : வடமராட்சி Vaṭamarāṭci , Sinhalese : වැදි මුරැකිය ) is one of the three historic regions of Jaffna peninsula in northern Sri Lanka .
The Sidrón Cave ( Spanish : Cueva de El Sidrón ) is an ancient cave in Piloña municipality , Asturias , northwestern Spain , where Paleolithic rock art and Neanderthal remains have been found .
Puka Suntu ( Quechua puka red , suntu heap , pile , `` red heap '' , hispanicized spelling Pucasunto ) is a mountain in the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,200 metres ( 17,060 ft ) high .
Toshiba Samsung Storage Technology Corporation ( abbreviated TSST ) is an international joint venture company of Toshiba ( Japan ) and Samsung Electronics ( South Korea ) .
Mae Kham Pong is a small village in Mae On District , Chiang Mai Province , approx . 55 km north of the city of Chiang Mai , in Northern Thailand .
Urqunqucha ( Quechua urqu male / mountain , -n a suffix , qucha lake , `` lake of the male '' or `` lake of the mountain '' , hispanicized spelling Orconccocha ) is a lake in Peru located in the Ayacucho Region , Lucanas Province , in the districts Chipao and Puquio .
Qeshlaq - e Jalilabad ( Persian : قشلاق جليل اباد‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Jalīlābād ) is a village in Jalilabad Rural District , Jalilabad District , Pishva County , Tehran Province , Iran .
El Obeid Airport ( IATA : EBD , ICAO : HSOB ) is an airport serving El Obeid ( Al - Ubayyid ) , the capital city of the North Kurdufan state in Sudan .
Capaccio Airfield is an abandoned military airfield in Italy , located about 7 km west of Capaccio in southern Italy .
Chiya Dam ( Japanese : 千屋ダム ) is a dam in Niimi , Okayama Prefecture , Japan , completed in 1998 .
Moštenica is a village and municipality in Banská Bystrica District in the Banská Bystrica Region of central Slovakia .
The Port of Turku ( Finnish : Turun satama , Swedish : Åbo hamn and English : Turku Harbour ) is a port located in the south - west of Finland , where the mainland meets the beginning of the Turku archipelago .
Bar Aftab - e Silab ( Persian : برافتاب سيلاب‎ , also Romanized as Bar Āftāb - e Sīlāb ) is a village in Zilayi Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Galešnjak ( also called Island of Love , Lover 's Island , Otok za zaljubljene ) is located in the Pašman channel of the Adriatic , between the islands of Pašman and the town of Turanj on mainland Croatia .
The Scherstorklippen is a granite tor ( up to 694 m above sea level ( NN ) ) in the Harz Mountains of central Germany .
Sheykh Selu ( Persian : شيخ سلو‎ , also Romanized as Sheykh Selū ; also known as Sheykhsīlū ) is a village in Qarah Quyun - e Jonubi Rural District , Qarah Quyun District , Showt County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The 2012 European Allround Speed Skating Championships was the 37th continental speed skating event for women and the 106th for men , that was held at the City Park Ice Rink in Budapest , Hungary , from 6 to 8 January 2012 .
Khomeh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان خمه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Once completed , the parish priest José Joaquim de Almeida quickly petitioned that Caveira should be elevated to parish , going as far as a petition directly to King John VI of Portugal ( dated December 19 , 1823 ) .
Brzyczno ( ˈbʐɨt͡ʂnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pełczyce , within Choszczno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Hinemaiaia Stream is a river of the central North Island of New Zealand .
Ödemiş is a district of İzmir Province of Turkey , as well as the name of its central town ( urban population 75,577 as of 2012 ) , located 113 km southeast of the city of İzmir .
Syndassko is a small settlement in Krasnoyarsk Krai in Russia and has a population of 496 .
Dar Darreh Si ( Persian : داردره سي‎ , also Romanized as Dār Darreh Sī ) is a village in Chaldoran - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Chaldoran County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Athlete Assistance Program ( or carding program ) is a program where the Government of Canada ( through Sport Canada ) provides funding assistance to elite level Canadian athletes .
Lauderi Parish ( Latvian : Lauderu pagasts ) was an administrative unit of the now defunct Ludza District in Latvia .
Ören Nature Reserve ( Swedish : Örens naturreservat ) is a nature reserve in Stockholm County in Sweden .
Menaceur is a small town and commune in Algeria , situated about 100 km west of Algiers .
Brezje v Podbočju ( pronounced ( ˈbɾeːzjɛ ʍ pɔdˈboːtʃju ) ) is a small settlement in the Gorjanci Hills in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia , next to the border with Croatia .
Pallars Sobirà ( Catalan pronunciation : ( pəˈʎaz suβiˈɾa ) , locally : ( paˈʎaz soβiˈɾa ) ) is a comarca ( comparable to a county or shire in much of the English - speaking world ) in the mountainous northwest of Catalonia , Spain .
The Kapitelsberg in the Harz Mountains of Germany is a hill , 535.7 m above sea level ( NN ) , near the village of Tanne in the county of Harz , Saxony - Anhalt .
The Halfpenny Rose Red , first issued on 1 October 1870 , was the first halfpenny postage stamp issued in the United Kingdom .
The Baltoro Muztagh ( simplified Chinese : 巴尔托洛慕士塔格山 ; traditional Chinese : 巴爾托洛慕士塔格山 ; pinyin : Bā'ěrtuōluò Mùshìtǎgé Shān ) is a subrange of the Karakoram mountain range , in Baltistan region of the Gilgit - Baltistan province in northern Pakistan ; and in Xinjiang , China and is claimed by India .
Manitoba Provincial Road 222 ( PR 222 ) is a provincial road in Manitoba , Canada .
The River Poddle ( Irish : An Poitéal ) is a river in County Dublin in Ireland .
The Oasis Drive - In is a restaurant located in Caledonia , Ontario Canada , at 22 1/2 Argyle Street South .
Ilha da Conceição ( Portuguese for Conception Island ) is an island and one of the 48 administrative districts in which the city of Niterói , Rio de Janeiro in Brazil is divided .
Zoutelande is a village in the southwest Netherlands .
Tonle Cham Camp ( also known as Tonle Cham Special Forces Camp or Tong Le Chon Special Force camp ) is a former U.S. Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam ( ARVN ) base southwest of An Lộc in southern Vietnam .
Kozoluk is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province , Turkey .
Bunovi ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бунови ) is a village in the municipality of Foča , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Osun - Osogbo or Osun - Osogbo Sacred Grove is a sacred forest along the banks of the Osun river just outside the city of Osogbo , Osun State , Nigeria .
Sichów ( ˈɕixuf ) ( German : Seichau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Męcinka , within Jawor County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Aşağı Tüləkəran ( also , Aşağı Tüləkaran , Ashagy Tyulekiran , Ashagy - Tyulyakeran , and Tyuler ) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The South Harz Railway Company ( German : Südharz - Eisenbahn - Gesellschaft ) or SHE was founded in 1897 and , on 15 August 1899 , opened a 24 km long , winding and hilly , metre gauge railway from Walkenried via Wieda and Brunnenbachsmühle to Braunlage in the Harz Mountains of central Germany .
Koleśne ( kɔˈlɛɕnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Steingaden Abbey ( Kloster Steingaden ) was a Premonstratensian monastery in Steingaden in Bavaria , Germany .
Mashhad ( Persian : مشهد‎‎ ; listen ) is the second most populous city in Iran and capital of Razavi Khorasan Province .
The Megalakkos Cave ( Greek : Σπήλαιο Μεγάλακκος ) is a cave located north of the village of Kleidonia in the Ioannina regional unit , Greece .
Lake Sinoe is a lagoon in Northern Dobruja , Romania , close to the Black Sea .
San Pedro de Lóvago ( Spanish pronunciation : ( sam ˈpeðɾo ðe ˈloβaɣo ) ) is a city in the Chontales Department of Nicaragua .
Emamzadeh Abdollah Rural District ( Persian : دهستان امامزاده عبدالله‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Dehferi District , Fereydunkenar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Desdunes ( Haitian Creole : Dedin ) is a commune in the Artibonite Department of Haiti .
The Charles St. Transit Terminal at 15 Charles Street West in Kitchener , Ontario , Canada is the main bus station and downtown hub for local Grand River Transit ( GRT ) bus services for Kitchener and Waterloo .
Jatiuca is a beach and a neighborhood situated in Maceió , capital city of Alagoas state , Brazil .
The Sierra Madre de Oaxaca pine - oak forests is an ecoregion of the Tropical and subtropical coniferous forests biome , in Southern Mexico .
The Fernando Montes de Oca Fencing Hall is an indoor sports venue located in the Magdalena Mixhuca Sports City area of Mexico City .
The Ponsonby Rule was a constitutional convention in the United Kingdom constitutional law that dictated that most international treaties had to be laid before Parliament 21 days before ratification .
Vuaqava ( pronounced ( βuaŋˈɡaβa ) ) is an outlier to Kabara , 5 kilometers to the SSW , in Fiji 's Southern Lau Group .
The Royal Meteorological Institute of Belgium ( French : L'Institut Royal Météorologique de Belgique or IRM ; Dutch : Koninklijk Meteorologisch Instituut van België or KMI ) is a Belgian federal institute engaged in scientific research in the field of meteorology .
North Seal River Airport , ( TC LID : CEG8 ) , is located on the shore of Egenolf Lake adjacent to North Seal River , Manitoba , Canada .
Hongik - dong is a legal dong , neighbourhood of Seongdong - gu in Seoul , South Korea and governed by its administrative dong , Doseon - dong office .
The United Kingdom Census 2011 demographically showed that the total population of Lisvane was 3,707 .
Lake Rabisha ( Bulgarian : Рабишко езеро , Rabishko ezero ) is the largest inland natural freshwater lake in Bulgaria .
Kureh Jan ( Persian : كوره جان‎ , also Romanized as Kūreh Jān ) is a village in Sheykh Neshin Rural District , Shanderman District , Masal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Saransk ( Russian : Саранск ; IPA : ( sɐˈransk ) ) is the capital city of the Republic of Mordovia , Russia , as well as its financial and economic center .
Malakand Division was an administrative division of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa ( North West Frontier Province ) of Pakistan , until the reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government .
Lichnówki Pierwsze ( lixˈnufki ˈpjɛrfʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lichnowy , within Malbork County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Manwel Dimech Bridge is a beam bridge at San Ġiljan , Malta .
Brigadier Mayor César Raúl Ojeda Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto de San Luis - Brigadier Mayor César Raúl Ojeda ) ( IATA : LUQ , ICAO : SAOU ) is an airport in San Luis Province , Argentina serving the city of San Luis .
Watergang ( pronunciation , literally `` watercourse '' ) is a village in the northwest Netherlands .
Leibo County is a mountainous county of southern Sichuan province , People 's Republic of China , along the border with Yunnan .
Kwangwoon University ( or Kwang - Woon or KW ) is a private research university in Seoul ( Wolgye Dong , Nowon Gu ) , South Korea .
Radha Krishna Nagar is one of the oldest colonies in Safilguda locality of Telangana , India .
The Musselburgh Silver Arrow is reputed to be the oldest sporting trophy in United Kingdom , and is competed for annually by the Royal Company of Archers .
The Victoria Park Tunnel is a motorway tunnel completed in 2012 on New Zealand State Highway 1 in Auckland , New Zealand , taking northbound traffic off the Victoria Park Viaduct , which was converted to all southbound traffic .
Gloggnitz is a mountain town in the Neunkirchen district of Lower Austria , Austria .
Kozerki ( kɔˈzɛrki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk Mazowiecki , within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Brufut , The Gambia is a town located in the Western Division of the Gambia .
Avadi is a suburb city of Chennai and a municipality in Thiruvallur district in the state of Tamil Nadu , India .
Shortacross is a hamlet in the civil parish of Morval in east Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
The Liberty of Thomas Court and Donore ( also known as the Earl of Meath 's Liberty ) was one of several manors , or liberties , that existed in County Dublin , Ireland since the arrival of the Anglo - Normans in the 12th century .
Niamina West is one of the ten districts of the Central River Division in the Gambia .
Lawngtlai district is one of the eight districts of Mizoram state in India .
Nuuk Cathedral ( Greenlandic : Annaassisitta Oqaluffia ) or Church of Our Saviour is a wooden Lutheran cathedral in the Old Nuuk neighborhood of Nuuk , the capital of Greenland .
Husein Sastranegara International Airport ( Indonesian : Bandar Udara Internasional Husein Sastranegara ) ( IATA : BDO , ICAO : WICC ) is an airport in Bandung , West Java , Indonesia .
Pulluvazhy ( പുല്ലുവഴി ) is a small village in Rayamangalam Grama punchyathu in the Ernakulam district of Kerala state , India .
AMA Computer University , using the trade name AMA University , is the first ICT university in the Philippines and in Asia .
Brookby is a rural suburb of Auckland , New Zealand .
Banvit Kara Ali Acar Sport Hall is an indoor arena located in the Bandırma town of Balıkesir Province , Turkey .
Sławutowo ( swavuˈtɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck , within Puck County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Carcass Island ( Spanish : Isla del Rosario ) is the largest of the West Point Island Group of the Falkland Islands .
XEITE - AM is a radio station in Mexico City , broadcasting on 830 kHz .
Plavnik is an unpopulated islet , belonging to Croatia located between the Central Straits and the Kvarner Bay .
In 1987 the first municipal wedding venue in Germany located outside of a town hall was established at the Sababurg .
Walkenried ( German pronunciation : ( valkənˈʁiːt ) ) is a municipality in the district of Osterode , in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Douneika ( Greek : Δουναίικα , also : Δουνέικα - Dounika ) is a village and a community in the southern part of the municipal unit of Amaliada in Elis , Greece .
The Lanzo Valleys ( in Italian Valli di Lanzo , in Piedmontese Valade ëd Lans ) is a group of valleys in the north - west of Piedmont in the Province of Turin , Italy .
Zakrzew - Las ( ˈzakʂɛf ˈlas ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Crim Rocks ( Cornish : An Creeban , ' the little reef ' ) is a small group of uninhabited islands in the Isles of Scilly , England , United Kingdom .
Zeelandic Flanders ( Dutch : Zeeuws - Vlaanderen ( ˌzeːu̯sˈflaːndərə(n ) ) , Zeelandic : Zeêuws - Vlaonderen ) is the southernmost region of the province of Zeeland in the south - western Netherlands .
Monterrey International Airport , ceremonial name General Mariano Escobedo International Airport ( IATA : MTY , ICAO : MMMY ) , is an international airport located in Apodaca , Nuevo León , Mexico .
The Gyeongju Hyanggyo is a hyanggyo or government - run provincial school during the Goryeo and Joseon periods , which is located the neighborhood of Gyo - dong , Gyeongju , North Gyeongsang province , South Korea .
The Dearing Report , formally known as the reports of the National Committee of Inquiry into Higher Education is a series of major reports into the future of Higher Education in the United Kingdom , published in 1997 .
The WWF - India organised a two - day bird watching programme in 2008 at Kumarakom Bird Sanctuary in connection with World Wetlands Day .
Whapmagoostui ( Cree : ᐙᐱᒫᑯᔥᑐᐃ/Wâpimâkuštui , `` place of the beluga '' ) is the northernmost Cree village in Quebec , located at the mouth of the Great Whale River ( French : Grande Rivière de la Baleine ) on the coast of Hudson Bay in Nunavik , Quebec , Canada .
Bujumbura Rural Province is one of the 18 provinces of Burundi .
Desamparados is the capital city of Desamparados Canton in the province of San José in Costa Rica .
Western Port , commonly but unofficially known as Western Port Bay , is a large tidal bay in southern Victoria , Australia , opening into Bass Strait .
Wiang , Chiang Khong ( Thai : เวียง ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Chiang Khong District , in Chiang Rai Province , Thailand .
The Serranía de Chiribiquete or Chiribiquete Mountains are a group of isolated table mountains in the Amazon Region of Colombia .
Aurlandsfjord ( Norwegian : Aurlandsfjorden ) is a fjord in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Menemen is a district of İzmir Province in Turkey as well as the district 's central town .
The Solvær islands are a group of islands in the municipality of Lurøy in Nordland county , Norway .
Brochów - Kolonia ( ˈbrɔxuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów , within Sochaczew County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Mumfordgunj or Mumfordganj , built in late 1930s , is a neighborhood in Allahabad , India .
Guntur Institute of Medical Sciences / Guntur Medical College is a medical institute in India .
Damghan University , also written The University of Damghan ( Persian : دانشگاه دامغان‎‎ ) , is a university in the city of Damghan in Semnan province of Iran .
Bikoro is a market town in Équateur Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo , lying on Lake Tumba , south of Mbandaka .
Zakal ( pronounced ( za'kaːu̯ ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills northwest of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Călărași ( Romanian pronunciation : ( kələˈraʃʲ ) ) , the capital of Călărași County in the Muntenia region , is situated in south - east Romania , on the bank of Danube 's Borcea branch , at about 12 kilometres ( 7 miles ) from the Bulgarian border and 125 kilometres ( 78 miles)from Bucharest .
Alberta ( /ælˈbɜːrtə/ ) is a western province of Canada .
Canton Island Airport ( IATA : CIS , ICAO : PCIS ) is an emergency use airport located on the sparsely populated Kanton Island , in the Phoenix Islands , in the Republic of Kiribati .
Ein Hatzeva ( Hebrew : עֵין חֲצֵבָה , lit . Hatzeva Spring ) is a moshav in the central Arava valley in Israel .
Rycybałt ( rɨˈt͡sɨbau̯t ) ( German : Rittebalde ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kowale Księże ( kɔˈvalɛ ˈkɕɛ̃ʐɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turek , within Turek County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Casemate de Wittring is a component of the Maginot Line fortifications in northeastern France .
Celtic Park , an all - seater stadium with a capacity of 60,411 , is the largest football stadium in Scotland and the sixth - largest stadium in the United Kingdom .
Lake Wohlen ( German : Wohlensee ) is a reservoir in the Canton of Berne , Switzerland .
Alpes Poeninae ( alˈpeːs ˈpoe̯nɪnae̯ ) , also known as Alpes Graiae , was a small Alpine province of the Roman Empire , one of three such provinces in the western Alps between Italy and Gaul .
Piton de la Petite Rivière Noire ( Little Black River Peak ) is the highest mountain on the island of Mauritius , in the Indian Ocean .
Halat Bu Maher ( Arabic : حالة بو ماهر‎ ) is a neighbourhood of Muharraq , Bahrain .
Spodnja Hajdina ( pronounced ( ˈspoːdnja xai̯ˈdiːna ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Hajdina in northeastern Slovenia .
Hronská Breznica ( Hungarian : Garamberzence ) is a village and municipality of the Zvolen District in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia .
Lane Army Airfield ( also known as Lane Army Heliport or An Son Airfield ) is a former United States Army base west of Qui Nhơn in Bình Định Province , Vietnam .
Sędzin ( ˈsɛnd͡ʑin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzewo , within Aleksandrów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Deh Menar ( Persian : ده منار‎ , also Romanized as Deh Menār ) is a village in Roqicheh Rural District , Kadkan District , Torbat - e Heydarieh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Mowtowr - e Jafar ( Persian : موتورجعفر‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Jaʿfar ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Dobrinj is a municipality in the Primorje - Gorski Kotar County in western Croatia , on the island of Krk .
Port Levy is a long , sheltered bay and settlement on Banks Peninsula in Canterbury , New Zealand .
Coqeloa is a small village in Fiji .
Vadi - e Rahmat ( Benefaction Valley ) is the name of the main cemetery of Tabriz , Iran .
Romanija ( Serbian Cyrillic : Романија ) is a mountain and geographical region in eastern Bosnia and Herzegovina , including the main towns of Pale , Sokolac , and Han Pijesak , to the north of Sarajevo .
Pacific American School ( PAS ) ( Chinese : 亞太美國學校 ) is a private international school founded in 2007 and is located in Hsinchu , Taiwan .
Mouzouras is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Akrotiri , Chania regional unit , on the island of Crete , Greece .
Alfaguara is a Spanish - language publishing house that serves markets in Latin America , Spain and the United States .
The Basel Mission tile factory run by the German missionary Plebot ( Georg Plebst in reality ) , was the first Mangalore tile manufacturing factory to be set up in India in 1860 on banks of the Nethravathi river near Morgan 's Gate , about 10 kilometres ( 6.2 mi ) from the Ullal bridge .
Campion College Australia is Australia 's first liberal arts college , offering a Bachelor of Arts in the Liberal Arts .
Adomi Bridge is a bridge located in Ghana in West Africa .
Sar Tang - e Mugarmun ( Persian : سرتنگ موگرمون‎ , also Romanized as Sar Tang - e Mūgarmūn ; also known as Sar Tang - e Āzādī ) is a village in Vahdat Rural District , Mugarmun District , Landeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Måsøya ( Northern Sami : Muosáidsuolu ) is an island in Måsøy Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Delhi Public School , Mathura Road is a private co - educational day and boarding school with 6500 + students in New Delhi , India .
Periyasekkadu is a neighbourhood of Chennai in Thiruvallur district in the state of Tamil Nadu , India .
Havdrup is a small town straddling the boundary between Solrød and Roskilde municipalities , some 30 km southwest of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Swelinia ( Polish pronunciation : ( svɛˈɭiːɲa ) ) , also known as Swelina or ( in German ) Grenzfluß , is a name of a brook between Northern part of Sopot and Southern Gdynia ( Poland ) .
Bagnoli is a western seaside quarter of Naples , Italy , well beyond the confines of the original city .
Mnin - Przymusów ( ˈmnin pʂɨˈmusuf ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Espah ( Persian : اسپه‎ , also Romanized as Espeh ) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District , Irandegan District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Hanwella is a small town in Sri Lanka , situated about 30 km from Colombo , the commercial capital of the country .
Hunish ( Persian : هونيش‎ , also Romanized as Hūnīsh ; also known as Hūnīyasht ) is a village in Lisar Rural District , Kargan Rud District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Jägerhorn is a mountain of the Pennine Alps , located on the border between Switzerland and Italy .
Dionaba or Djonaba is a town and commune in the Brakna Region of southern Mauritania .
Cao Bằng ( listen ) is a city in northern Vietnam .
Qaruchan ( Persian : قروچان‎ , also Romanized as Qarūchān ; also known as Ḩasan Kadkhodā ) is a village in Dorungar Rural District , Now Khandan District , Dargaz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Asociación Deportiva 9 de Julio ( more often referred as 9 de Julio de Morteros ) is an Argentine football club based in the city of Morteros , in the north east of the Córdoba Province , Argentina .
Log pri Brezovici ( pronounced ( ˈloːk pɾi ˈbɾeːzɔʋitsi ) ) is a settlement southwest of Ljubljana in central Slovenia .
Hârșova ( also spelled Hîrșova ; Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈhɨrʃova ) ; Bulgarian : Хърсово , Harsovo ) is a town located on the right bank of the Danube , in Constanţa County , Romania .
Mackenzie Richmond Hill Hospital ( formerly York Central Hospital ) is a hospital in Richmond Hill , Ontario , Canada and one of three in York Regional Municipality .
The Low Rocky Point is a location on the south west coast of Tasmania , Australia , that is used a location for weather forecasting .
The Hermel District ( Arabic : قضاء الهرمل‎ ) is a district in the Beqaa Governorate of Lebanon .
Konjarnik ( Serbian Cyrillic : Коњарник , pronounced ( kɔ̌ɲaːrniːk ) ) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade , the capital of Serbia .
Playa de El Chinarral is a beach in the municipality of Algeciras , southeastern Spain .
Jacinto Lara International Airport ( IATA : BRM , ICAO : SVBM ) is an airport in Barquisimeto , Venezuela , named after Venezuelan independence hero Jacinto Lara .
Khiam ( Arabic الخيام ; sometimes spelled Khiyam ) is a large town in the South Lebanon Governorate of Southern Lebanon .
The 2015 World Taekwondo Championships were the 22nd edition of the World Taekwondo Championships , and were held in Chelyabinsk , Russia from May 12 to May 18 , 2015 .
The Bacolod Metropolitan Area , also known as Metro Bacolod ( Hiligaynon : Punong Dakbanwa sang Bacolod ; Tagalog : Kalakhang Bacolod ) , is the 9th most populous and the 9th most densely populated metropolitan area out of the 12 metropolitan areas in the Philippines .
The Chamberlain Bridge is a bridge in Bridgetown , the capital and largest city of the nation of Barbados .
Soccer International provides interviews and coverage of all the major competitions through the world and in depth coverage of the Australian A - League and Australia 's international campaigns including the Joeys , Olyroos , Socceroos and Matildas .
Thirunallar taluk is a taluk of Karaikal District , Puducherry , India .
Koidula railway station ( Estonian : Koidula raudteejaam ) is a railway station in Koidula , Estonia , on the Russian border .
The Europlanetarium Genk is a people 's observatory and planetarium in Genk , Belgium .
Castara is a picturesque seaside village on the leeward ( north ) coast of the island of Tobago , the smaller of the two islands in the twin - island Republic of Trinidad and Tobago .
Nielsen Park is a part of Sydney Harbour National Park at the suburb of Vaucluse in the eastern suburbs of Sydney , Australia .
West Paschim Vihar is a name proposed by some people for the part of Paschim Vihar on the west side of Outer Ring Road of West Delhi , India .
Margara ( Armenian : Մարգարա , also Romanized as Markara ; formerly Margara - Gök ) is a town in the Armavir Province of Armenia .
Fatima Jinnah Women University ( Urdu : فاطمہ جناح وؤمن یونیورسٹی‎)(Initials : FJWU ) , is a public university located in the neighborhood of Mall road of Rawalpindi , Punjab , Pakistan .
Skydra or Skidra ( Greek : Σκύδρα , pronounced ( scˈiðra ) in modern Greek ; formerly Vertekop Greek : Βέρτεκοπ , Slavic : Вартокоп , Vartokop ) is a municipality in the Pella regional unit of Macedonia in Greece .
Skęczno ( ˈskɛnt͡ʂnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zadzim , within Poddębice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Selckë is a small village in the former Pogon municipality in the Gjirokastër County , southern Albania .
Ottawa ( i/ˈɒtəwə/ or /ˈɒtəwɑː/ ; French pronunciation : ​(ɔtawa ) ) is the capital city of Canada .
Swedish national road 16 ( Swedish : Riksväg 16 ) , was a Swedish national road in Skåne in southern Sweden between Dalby in Lund Municipality and Flädie in Lomma Municipality .
The Pomodorino del Piennolo del Vesuvio or sometimes just Pomodorino Vesuviano , is a grape tomato grown in Campania , Italy , and has PDO protected status , which was granted in 2009 .
Pikiqucha ( Quechua piki flea , qucha lake , `` flea lake '' , hispanicized spellings Piquecocha , Piquicocha ) is a lake in Peru .
The Treasurer of the Ordnance was a subordinate of the Master - General of the Ordnance in the United Kingdom , the office being created in 1670 .
Koválov , is a village and municipality in Senica District in the Trnava Region of western Slovakia .
Bagh Kand ( Persian : باغ كند‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh Kand ) is a village in Zavin Rural District , Zavin District , Kalat County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Ponjevići is a village in the municipality of the Hercegovine region of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Spanish name for the Pinacate Peaks geographic feature is the Sierra Pinacate , which is used in their homeland of Mexico .
Paruma is a stratovolcano that lies on the border of Bolivia and Chile .
Serra da Malcata Natural Reserve is a natural reserve in Portugal .
The writer Owen Hatherley has named Wyndham Court as one of his 10 favourite modern buildings in the United Kingdom and his favourite building in Southampton .
The Cristal Grand Ishtar Hotel is a hotel in Baghdad , Iraq located on Firdos Square .
Użranki ( uˈʐranki ) ( German Königshöhe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrągowo , within Mrągowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Armanaz ( Arabic : أرمناز‎ ) is a town in northwestern Syria , administratively part of the Harem District , in the Idlib Governorate .
Kalateh - ye Mazhani ( Persian : كلاته ماژاني‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Māzhānī ; also known as Chāh - e Ţāqī , Chāh - i - Tāghi , and Chāh Taqī ) is a village in Naharjan Rural District , Mud District , Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Ginaton ( Hebrew : גִּנָּתוֹן ) is a moshav in central Israel .
Moolamattom(മൂലമറ്റം ) is the headquarters of Arakulam Panchayath in Thodupuzha Taluk , Idukki district in Kerala , India .
Jesenov Vrt ( pronounced ( jɛˈseːnɔu̯ ˈʋəɾt ) , in older sources also Jesenovrt , German : Jesenwerch ) is an abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Kostel in southern Slovenia .
Radviliškis ( pronunciation , pol . Radziwiliszki ) is a city in the Radviliškis district municipality , Šiauliai County , Lithuania .
San Pedro de Ycuamandiyú is a city and distrito in Paraguay .
Dandavati ( ದಂಡಾವತಿ ) is a river that flows through Sorab , India .
Aghbolagh - e Kalisa Kandi ( Persian : اغبلاغ كليساكندي‎ , also Romanized as Āghbolāgh - e Kalīsā Kandī ; also known as Āghbolāgh and Āqbolāgh ) is a village in Avajiq - e Shomali Rural District , Dashtaki District , Chaldoran County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Bartley Secondary School is a value - added , co - educational neighbourhood secondary school in Singapore .
Elyasalylar ( also , El’yasalylar and Ella - Zallar ) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Osaka City Ground was an athletic stadium in Osaka , Osaka , Japan .
Chęciny - Kielce Landscape Park ( Chęcińsko - Kielecki Park Krajobrazowy ) is a protected area ( Landscape Park ) in south - central Poland , established in 1996 , covering an area of 205.05 square kilometres ( 79.17 sq mi ) .
The Carrothers Commission , formally The Advisory Commission on the Development of Government in the Northwest Territories , was a commission set up by the government of Canada to study the future of government of the Northwest Territories .
Rovišče pri Studencu ( pronounced ( ɾɔˈʋiːʃtʃɛ pɾi stuˈdɛːntsu ) ) is a nucleated settlement in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia .
Faetano is one of the 9 communes or `` castelli '' of San Marino .
Murder of Jagendra Singh refers to the killing of a journalist in India by setting him on fire on 1 June .
Coat of arms of Gothenburg consists of images from Sweden 's great coat of arms and is meant to symbolize the city as Sweden 's western defence .
The Lutheran Gustav Adolf Stave Church ( German Gustav - Adolf - Stabkirche ) is a stave church situated in Hahnenklee , in the Harz region , Germany .
For 200 years it was a French colony , and , though united with India in 1954 , is still sometimes known as French Yanam .
Lake Hayq or Lake Haik ( Ge'ez ሐይቅ hāyḳ , Amh . `` lake '' ) is a freshwater lake of Ethiopia .
Kazincbarcika is an industrian town in Borsod - Abaúj - Zemplén county , Northern Hungary .
Longquan Station ( Chinese : 龍泉車站 ; pinyin : Lóngquán Chēzhàn ) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration ( TRA ) Jiji Line located in Jiji Township , Nantou County , Taiwan .
Jugowiec ( juˈɡɔvjɛt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Śląska , within Środa Śląska County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Matvik is a small harbor in Karlshamn Municipality in southeastern Sweden .
Qasahdhere District ( Qansahdhere District ) is a district in the southern Bay region of Somalia .
Chełmno County ( Polish : powiat chełmiński ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , north - central Poland .
Campo de Daroca is one of the comarcas of Aragon , in the Province of Zaragoza , Aragon , Spain .
Dumistan ( Arabic : دمستان ) is a coastal village situated on the western shore of Bahrain .
Giv'at ha - More ( Hebrew : גבעת המורה ; English also as Giv'at ha - Moreh , Givat HaMoreh etc . ) is a mountain range in northern Israel , located on the northeast side of the Jezreel Valley .
Aberfeldie Primary School is a Primary school , situated in Essendon , Victoria , Australia .
201 Portage ( former names TD Centre , Canwest Place and CanWest Global Place ) is an office tower at the intersection of Portage and Main in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada .
Gjøra Chapel ( Norwegian : Gjøra kapell ) is a chapel in Sunndal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Brøndby Strand ( in English : ' Well Town ' Beach ) is a suburb in Brøndby Municipality , approximately 13 km south - west of central Copenhagen , Denmark
Ferrières Abbey was a Benedictine monastery situated at Ferrières - en - Gâtinais in the arrondissement of Montargis , in the département of Loiret , France .
The Pingat Jasa Gemilang ( Meritorious Service Medal ) , instituted in Singapore in 1962 .
Komárom ( Slovak : Komárno , Croatian : Komoran , German : Komorn , Serbian : Коморан ) is a city split between Hungary on the south bank of the Danube in Komárom - Esztergom county and Slovakia on the other .
Koffiefontein is a small farming town in the Free State province of South Africa .
The Ecomuseo delle ferriere e fonderie di Calabria ( Ecomuseum of the iron - works and iron - foundries of Calabria ) is an ecomuseum in Bivongi , Calabria , southern Italy .
Meera Bagh is an affluent residential colony in Paschim Vihar , which is situated in the western part of New Delhi , India .
Ta ' Kenuna Tower ( Maltese : Torri ta ' Kenuna ) is a semaphore tower on the cliffs near Nadur on the island of Gozo , Malta .
Kłobukowo - Patrze ( kwɔbuˈkɔvɔ ˈpatʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Danilo Atienza Air Base ( IATA : SGL , ICAO : RPLS ) is a military base used by the Philippine Air Force , located on the northern end of Cavite Peninsula in Manila Bay , Luzon Island , the Philippines .
Kradolf - Schönenberg is a municipality in Weinfelden District in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Lifosa Power Plant is a power plant in Kėdainiai , Lithuania .
L'Epée is a mountain in the Pennine Alps , situated near Bourg Saint Pierre in Switzerland .
The Bay of Santander is both a comarca of Cantabria and the largest estuary on the North coast of Spain , with an extension of 22.42 km² 9 km long and 5 km wide .
Talvivaara Mining Company plc ( Finnish : Talvivaaran Kaivososakeyhtiö Oyj ) is a Finnish - based nickel mining business operating in Finland .
Chvojenec is village in Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic , near the town of Holice .
Ošelj ( pronounced ( ˈoːʃəl ) ) is a settlement in the Pohorje Hills in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia .
Darreh Ahvazi ( Persian : دره اهوازی‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Ahvāzī ; also known as Darreh Ahvāz ) is a village in Rud Zard Rural District , in the Central District of Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
In 657 , during the Muslim conquest of Iraq , Ali 's lieutenants Ziyad and Shureih were refused passage across the Euphrates at Anah .
Bytča ( Hungarian : Nagybiccse ) is a town in northwestern Slovakia .
Het Slaakhuis is a squat in Rotterdam , the Netherlands .
The Grand Mountet Hut ( 2,886 m ) ( French : Cabane du Grand Mountet ) is a mountain hut located in the Pennine Alps near Zinal in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Fischbachau Priory ( Kloster Fischbachau ) was a Benedictine monastery located in Fischbachau , Bavaria , Germany .
The Budapest Semesters in Mathematics program is a study abroad opportunity for North American undergraduate students in Budapest , Hungary .
Okara Cantonment railway station ( Urdu : اوکاڑہ کینٹ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Okara cantonment area , 10 km away from Okara city , Okara district of Punjab province of the Pakistan .
Kallang Field is located in the Kallang Sport Complex , at Kallang , near the location of the Singapore Indoor Stadium and the old National Stadium , as well as the new Singapore Sports Hub .
Heungseon Station ( Hangul : 흥선역 ; hanja : 興宣驛 ) is a station of the U Line in Uijeongbu - dong , Uijeongbu , Gyeonggi - do , South Korea .
Aktuma ( Kazakh : Ақтұма ) is a village in Almaty Region of south - eastern Kazakhstan .
Jand Tehsil is one of the six tehsils ( subdivisions ) of Attock District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Sečianky ( Hungarian : Ipolyszécsénke ) is a village and municipality in the Veľký Krtíš District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia .
Vilandhai is a village nearer to Andimadam in the Ariyalur district of Tamil Nadu , India .
Bargeres is a suburb in the city Emmen in Drenthe , the Netherlands .
Stewart Island ( officially named Stewart Island / Rakiura ) is the third - largest island of New Zealand .
Northwestern Krai ( Russian : Северо-Западный край ) was a subdivision ( krai ) of Russian empire in the territories of the present day Belarus and Lithuania .
Plyussa ( Russian : Плюсса ) is an urban locality ( a work settlement ) and the administrative center of Plyussky District of Pskov Oblast , Russia , located 91 kilometers ( 57 mi ) northeast of Pskov by the Plyussa River .
Abacheri is a coastal town in south - eastern Eritrea .
Zenkovci ( Hungarian : Zoltánháza ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Puconci in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia .
Bahla ( Arabic : بهلا‎ ) is a town in Ad Dakhiliyah , Oman .
Saint Helen 's Island ( French : Île Sainte - Hélène ) is an island in the Saint Lawrence River , in the territory of the city of Montreal , Canada .
Orlice ( German : Adler ) is a river in the Czech Republic .
Usho ( also spelled Ushu ) is a hill station in Usho Valley , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
The Coat of arms of Madrid , the capital of Spain , has its origin in the Middle Ages , but was redesigned in 1967 .
Platerów ( plaˈtɛruf ) is a village in Łosice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Stare Dłutowo ( ˈstarɛ dwuˈtɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark , within Działdowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Wieczywno ( vjɛˈt͡ʂɨvnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Brvi ( pronounced ( bəɾˈʋiː ) ) is a settlement to the south of Bizeljsko in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia .
Kalisindh Thermal Power Station is located 12 km away from Jhalawar town in Jhalawar district , Rajasthan state in western India .
Velanai Central College ( Tamil : வேலணை மத்திய கல்லூரி Vēlaṇai Mattiya Kallūri ) is a provincial school in Velanai , Sri Lanka .
The Institute of Public Affairs ( IPA ) is a public policy think tank based in Melbourne , Australia .
Besputa River ( Russian : Беспута ) is a small river in Moscow and Tula Oblasts , Russia .
Sinchets ( Bulgarian : Синчец ) is a small mountain village in Ardino Municipality , Kardzhali Province , southern - central Bulgaria .
Mazraeh - ye Barzangeh ( Persian : مزرعه برزنگه‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Barzangeh ) is a village in Zefreh Rural District , Kuhpayeh District , Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 10 , in 5 families .
Cornas is a commune in the département of Ardèche in the Rhône - Alpes region in southern France .
Hayli Gubbi is a shield volcano located in the Afar Region of Ethiopia .
Parque del Recuerdo is a private cemetery in Uruguay .
Saint - Malo ( French pronunciation : ​(sɛ̃.ma.lo ) ; Gallo : Saent - Malô ; Breton : Sant - Maloù ) is a walled port city in Brittany in northwestern France on the English Channel .
Qayumabad ( Persian : قيوم اباد‎ , also Romanized as Qayūmābād ; also known as Qayyemābād ) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District , in the Central District of Nain County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Orbost railway line ( also known as the Gippsland line ) is a railway serving the Latrobe Valley and Gippsland regions of Victoria , Australia .
Ajorsa va Paknam ( Persian : اجرسا و پاكنام‎ , also Romanized as Ājorsā va Pāḵnām ) is a village in Zahray - ye Bala Rural District , in the Central District of Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Pioneer Point is a pair of tall buildings in the Ilford neighbourhood of London , United Kingdom .
Radulovtsi ( Bulgarian : Радуловци ) is a village in Slivnitsa Municipality , Sofia Province , located in western Bulgaria approximately 12 km south - west of the town of Slivnitsa .
Waqaypaka or Waqay Paka ( Quechua waqay , to cry , crying , paka eagle `` crying eagle '' , hispanicized spelling Huacaypaca ) is a mountain in the Cordillera Central in the Andes of Peru , about 5,300 metres ( 17,388 ft ) high .
Katar River is a river of central Ethiopia .
The Menier Chocolate company ( French : Chocolat Menier ) was a chocolate manufacturing business founded in 1816 as a pharmaceutical manufacturer in Paris , France , at a time when chocolate was used as a medicinal product and was only one part of the overall business .
Taungup or Toungup or Toungok ( Burmese : တောင်ကုတ်မြို့ ) is a principal town of the Taungup Township in the Rakhine State of westernmost part of Myanmar .
Seodaemun Prison History Hall is a museum and former prison in Seodaemun - gu , Seoul , South Korea .
The Château de Saint - Germain - en - Laye ( French pronunciation : ​(ʃɑto də sɛ̃ ʒɛʁmɛ̃ ɑ̃ lɛ ) ) is a royal palace in the commune of Saint - Germain - en - Laye , in the département of Yvelines , about 19 km west of Paris , France .
Michika ( Mwe - cika ) is a Local Government Area of Adamawa State , Nigeria .
Navesnoye ( Russian : Навесное ) is a village ( selo ) in Livensky District of Oryol Oblast , Russia .
Fratar is a former municipality in the Fier County , southwestern Albania .
Mokry Las ( ˈmɔkrɨ ˈlas ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec , within Białobrzegi County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Mandaue , officially the City of Mandaue ( Cebuano : Dakbayan sa Mandaue ; Filipino : Lungsod ng Mandaue ) and often referred to as Mandaue City , is a first income class highly urbanized city in the province of Central Visayas , Philippines .
Brennivín ( Icelandic pronunciation : ( ˈprɛnːɪvin ) ) is a clear , unsweetened schnapps that is considered to be Iceland 's signature distilled beverage .
The Cabaçal River ( Portuguese , Rio Cabaçal ) is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil .
Dajdarig ( Persian : دج دريگ‎ , also Romanized as Dajdarīg ) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Long Semado Airport ( IATA : LSM , ICAO : WBGD ) is an airport serving Long Semado in the state of Sarawak in Malaysia .
Cerro El Plomo is a mountain located in the Andes near Santiago , Chile .
Sudbury / Azilda Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CNC5 ) , is located in Sudbury , Ontario , Canada , 5 nautical miles ( 9.3 km ; 5.8 mi ) northwest of downtown on the shore of Whitewater Lake , near the community of Azilda .
Giv'at Shmuel ( Hebrew : גִּבְעַת שְׁמוּאֵל , English : Samuel Hill ) is a city in the Center District of Israel .
Mamoty ( maˈmɔtɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czermin , within Pleszew County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Sierra Grande Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Sierra Grande , IATA : SGV , ICAO : SAVS ) is a public use airport located 2 kilometres ( 1 mi ) northeast of Sierra Grande , Río Negro , Argentina .
Malua is the centre for the Congregational Christian Church in Samoa and also the site of the famous Malua Theological College which was the second theological college to be established in the South Pacific in 1844 , the first being Takamoa Theological College in Cook Islands .
Büyükoturak is a small belde ( town ) in Banaz district of Uşak Province , Turkey .
Hasanjan Kuh ( Persian : حسنجان كوه‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasanjān Kūh and Ḩasanjānkūh ) is a village in Razliq Rural District , in the Central District of Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kamajai is a small town in Rokiškis district municipality , Lithuania .
Hasegg Castle ( German : Burg Hasegg ) is a castle and mint located in Hall in Tirol , Tyrol , Austria .
Casablanca Tit Mellil Airport ( ICAO : GMMT ) ( French : Aéroport Casablanca Tit Mellil , Arabic : مطار الدار البيضاء تيط مليل‎ ) is an airport located in Tit Mellil , Morocco , near Casablanca .
Eilenburg ( German pronunciation : ( ˈaɪlənbʊɐ̯k ) ) is a town in Germany .
Sialkot International Airport ( IATA : SKT , ICAO : OPST ) is situated 14 km ( 8.7 mi ) west of Sialkot in the Sialkot District of Pakistan .
Żądłowice ( ʐɔndwɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowłódz , within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Hwarangdae Station is an underground Metro Seoul station in Seoul , South Korea , served by the line 6 .
Pamyat ' Il'icha is a town in the Osh Region of Kyrgyzstan .
Yongdusan Park is a park located in Jung - gu , Busan , South Korea .
Donbass Palace is the first 5-star hotel in Donetsk , that joined The Leading Hotels of the World ( 2005 ) , and the Ukraine 's leading business hotel in 2006 and 2007 according to the World Travel Awards Association .
Kvikne is a former municipality in Hedmark , Norway and a mountain village between Østerdalen and Trøndelag .
Wallal is the location of a bore in the Kimberley region of Western Australia .
Legutio ( Villarreal de Álava in Spanish ) is a town and municipality located in the province of Álava , in the Basque Country , northern Spain .
The Dutch Caribbean Police Force ( Dutch : Korps Politie Caribisch Nederland or KPCN ) is the law enforcement agency of the Caribbean Netherlands .
Smiubelgen is a mountain range in the western part of Rondane National Park , Norway , separated from the eastern part by Rondvatnet .
Vrå is a railway town in Hjørring municipality in Denmark , as well as the former municipal seat of the abolished Løkken - Vrå municipality .
Zgornja Slivnica ( pronounced ( ˈzɡoːɾnja ˈsliːu̯nitsa ) ; in older sources also Gorenja Slivnica , German : Oberschleinitz or Ober Schleinitz ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Grosuplje in central Slovenia .
Qeshlaq - e Owch Bolaq ( Persian : قشلاق اوچبلاق‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Owch Bolāq ) is a village in Qeshlaq - e Jonubi Rural District , Qeshlaq Dasht District , Bileh Savar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Makogai ( pronounced ( makoˈŋai ) ) is an island belonging to Fiji 's Lomaiviti Archipelago .
Tongluo Station ( Chinese : 銅鑼車站 ; pinyin : Tóngluó Chēzhàn ) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration ( TRA ) Western Line ( Mountain Line ) located in Tongluo Township , Miaoli County , Taiwan .
Elleholm is a former Danish town in Blekinge , Sweden .
Zamrin ( also spelled Zamreen ) is a village in northwestern Syria , administratively part of the Tartus Governorate .
CityLink is a network of tolled urban motorways in Melbourne , Australia , linking the West Gate , Tullamarine and Monash freeways and incorporating Bolte Bridge , Burnley Tunnel and other works .
Trevenen is a hamlet on the A394 main road from Helston to Mabe in west Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Ein Iron ( Hebrew : עֵין עִירוֹן , lit . Spring of Iron ) is a moshav in northern Israel .
Pind Kamal Khan ( Urdu : پنڈ کمال خان‎ ) is one of the 44 union councils , administrative subdivisions , of Haripur District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Marmarik ( Armenian : Մարմարիկ ; formerly known as Pashkend or Pashakend ) , is a village in the Kotayk Province of Armenia .
Jellyfish Lake ( Palauan : Ongeim'l Tketau , `` Fifth Lake '' ) is a marine lake located on Eil Malk island in Palau .
Marina Alta ( Valencian pronunciation : ( maˈɾina ˈaɫta ) ) is a comarca in the province of Alicante , Valencian Community , Spain .
Anuta Paina is an island in the Solomon Islands ; it is located in Malaita Province , to the east of Malaita .
Founded in 1917 , the Ramscappelle Road Military Cemetery is located two kilometers east of the city of Nieuwpoort in the province of West Flanders ( West - Vlaanderen ) , Belgium .
Vemork is the name of a hydroelectric power plant outside Rjukan in Tinn , Norway .
The Freight Line Through Skåne ( Swedish : Godsstråket genom Skåne ) is a 78-kilometer ( 48 mi ) long railway line between Arlöv and Ängelholm in Sweden .
The Circuito Urbano Bilbao is a street circuit in Bilbao , Spain .
Żerków - Czeszewo Landscape Park ( Żerkowsko - Czeszewski Park Krajobrazowy ) is a protected area ( Landscape Park ) in west - central Poland .
Carpineto della Nora is a comune and town in the province of Pescara , Abruzzo region , Italy .
Bruck in der Oberpfalz is a market town in the district of Schwandorf in the Upper Palatinate , Bavaria , Germany .
Valkmusa National Park ( Finnish : Valkmusan kansallispuisto , Swedish : Valkmusa nationalpark ) is a national park in the Kymenlaakso region of Finland .
Meniida ( Greek : Μενηίδα ) is a former municipality in the Pella regional unit , Greece .
Radzany ( raˈd͡zanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ceków - Kolonia , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Mushie is a town in , and a territory of Plateaux District , Bandundu Province , Democratic Republic of the Congo .
The Old Bridge of Dezful is located near the city of Dezful in South Western Iran .
Lagos Lagoon is a lagoon sharing its name with the city of Lagos , Nigeria , the largest city in Africa , which lies on its south - western side .
Lampione ( Sicilian : Lampiuni , English : Lantern ) is a small rocky island located in the Mediterranean Sea , which belongs geographically to the Pelagie Islands and administratively to the comune of Lampedusa e Linosa , Province of Agrigento , region of Sicily , Italy .
Ebbw Vale is recovering from a period of one of the highest unemployment rates in the United Kingdom , largely as a result of the decline of the mining and steel industries .
Visoki Kurji vrh ( 1822 m ) , also just Visoki vrh is a peak in the Western Karavanke Alps in Slovenia .
Pankshin is a Local Government Area in Plateau State , Nigeria .
Babbila ( Arabic : ببيلا‎ , also spelled Bebbila ) is a town in southern Syria , administratively part of the Rif Dimashq Governorate , located on the southern outskirts of Damascus to the west of the Yarmouk Camp .
Tangi Tehsil is an administrative subdivision ( tehsil ) of Charsadda District in the province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa in Pakistan .
Spodnje Brezovo ( pronounced ( ˈspoːdnjɛ ˈbɾeːzɔʋɔ ) ; German : Unterbresow ) is a village west of Višnja Gora in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
Billean Island is an island located in eastern Sabah on the Sulu Sea on Malaysia .
Murehe is a village in the Commune of Bururi in Bururi Province in southern Burundi .
Vathypedo ( Greek : Βαθύπεδο ) is a village and a former community in the Ioannina regional unit , Epirus , Greece .
Tapuc District is one of eight districts of the province Daniel Alcides Carrión in Peru .
Dhaka Medical College and Hospital ( DMCH ) is a medical college and hospital located in Dhaka , the capital city of Bangladesh .
The Rhine Gate ( in German Rheintor ) is a former city gate in the ancient city walls of Basel , Switzerland .
The Tour Ronde ( 3,792 m ) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif of the Alps , situated on the border between France and Italy .
This historic Wrocław water tower is situated in Borek , the district of Krzyki that is the southern borough of Wrocław , Poland .
Damsgård Manor ( Norwegian : Damsgård hovedgård ) is a landmark manor and estate in Bergen , Norway .
Goulmodjo is a village in the Coalla Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso .
The royal Frederiks Hospital was Denmark 's first hospital in the present - day meaning of the word .
Pays de la Loire ( French pronunciation : ​(pe.i də la lwaʁ ) ; Breton : Broioù al Liger ) is one of the 18 regions of France .
The King Country ( Māori : Te Rohe Pōtae or Rohe Pōtae o Maniapoto ) is a region of the western North Island of New Zealand .
Bogatyr Ridge ( Russian : Богатырь ; Japanese : 単冠山 , Hitokappu - san ) is a stratovolcano located in the central part of Iturup Island , Kuril Islands , Russia .
Wołoszyn is a mountain massif in the Tatra Mountains in Poland It reaches 2,158 meters at its highest peak .
De Trompenburgh is a 17th - century manor house in ' s - Graveland , North Holland , Netherlands , designed by Daniel Stalpaert and built for Admiral Maarten Tromp , one of the naval heroes of the Dutch Republic .
Jeršiče ( pronounced ( jɛɾˈʃiːtʃɛ ) ) is a small settlement in the hills northeast of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Illorsuit Heliport ( IATA : IOT , ICAO : BGLL ) is a heliport in Illorsuit , a village on an island of the same name in the Qaasuitsup municipality in western Greenland .
Earl of Dudley , of Dudley Castle in the County of Stafford , is a title that has been created twice in the Peerage of the United Kingdom , both times for members of the Ward family .
Burghead is part of the Moray constituency of the Parliament of the United Kingdom which returns a Member of Parliament ( MP ) to the House of Commons , at Westminster .
Babachu ( Persian : باباچو‎ , also Romanized as Bābāchū ; also known as Bābā Chūyeh ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , in the Central District of Nain County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Mazraeh - ye Khukand ( Persian : مزرعه خوكند‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Khūkand ) is a village in Qarah Chaman Rural District , Arzhan District , Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 13 , in 6 families .
Woodlands Town Garden is a community park in Woodlands , Singapore , located at Woodlands Centre Road , adjacent to Bukit Timah Road .
Pol Khoda Afarin ( Persian : پل خداافرين‎ , also Romanized as Pol Khodā Āfarīn ) is a village in Sornabad Rural District , Hamaijan District , Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Mileiha ( مليحة ) is a village in the United Arab Emirates and the location of archaeological remnants dating from the Neolithic to pre - Islamic Arabia .
Çiğli Air Base ( Turkish : Çiğli Hava Üssü ) ( IATA : IGL , ICAO : LTBL ) is a military airport near Çiğli , a metropolitan district of the city of İzmir in İzmir Province , Turkey .
Banjsko brdo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бањско брдо ) is a mountain in southwestern Serbia , above the town of Priboj .
The Jamhuriat Hospital ( Republic Hospital ) is state - owned hospital located in Kabul , Afghanistan .
The Boruca ( also known as the Brunca or the Brunka ) are an indigenous people living in Costa Rica .
Mala Goričica ( pronounced ( ˈmaːla ɡɔˈɾiːtʃitsa ) ) is a small settlement in the hills north of Stična in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
Święty Gaj ( ˈɕfjɛntɨ ˈɡai̯ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychliki , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Łaguszewo ( waɡuˈʂɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trąbki Wielkie , within Gdańsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Aiguille d'Argentière ( 3,901 m ) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif on the border between France and Switzerland .
Kemaman Bypass , Federal Route 145 and 146 , is a major highway bypass in Kemaman district , Terengganu , Malaysia .
The Siem Reap River is a river flowing through Siem Reap Province , in north - west Cambodia .
Mariyinsky Palace ( Ukrainian : Маріїнський палац , Mariyins'kyi palats ) is the official ceremonial residence of the President of Ukraine in Kyiv and adjoins the neo - classical building of the Verkhovna Rada ( parliament ) of Ukraine .
Shevchenko National Prize ( Ukrainian : Націона́льна пре́мія Украї́ни і́мені Тараса́ Шевче́нка ; also Shevchenko Award ) is the highest state prize of Ukraine for works of culture and arts awarded since 1961 .
Leinesfjord or Myklebostad is a village and the administrative centre of the municipality of Steigen in Nordland county , Norway .
Fayzabad Airport ( IATA : FBD , ICAO : OAFZ ) is an airport located 3.5 miles ( 5.6 km ) northwest of Fayzabad ( also spelled Faizabad or Feyzabad ) , the provincial capital of Badakhshan Province , Afghanistan .
Mycenae ( Greek : Μυκῆναι Mykēnai or Μυκήνη Mykēnē ) is an archaeological site in Greece , located about 90 kilometres ( 56 miles ) southwest of Athens , in the north - eastern Peloponnese .
Farsala ( Greek : Φάρσαλα ) , known in Antiquity as Pharsalos ( Ancient Greek : Φάρσαλος , Latin : Pharsalus ) , is a city in southern Thessaly , in Greece .
Shah Deraz ( Persian : شه دراز‎ , also Romanized as Shah Derāz ) is a village in Saghder Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Sohar University ( جامعة صحار ) was established in 2001 as the first private university in Oman .
Xanılı ( also , Khanyly and Khanuli ) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Rilindja Demokratike is the official newspaper of the Democratic Party of Albania .
Naramata Dam is a dam near Minakami , in the Gunma Prefecture of Japan .
Norrköping Airport ( IATA : NRK , ICAO : ESSP ) is an airport situated around 3 km from the city center of Norrköping , Sweden .
Ein Hod ( Hebrew : עֵין הוֹד ) is a village in Haifa District in northern Israel .
Tembe Elephant Park is a 30 012 ha game reserve in Maputaland , KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa .
Rubya ( or Rubyia ) is the site of a Catholic Church mission to the south of Bukoba near the west bank of Lake Victoria in Tanzania .
Madan - e Sakhtman Firuzeh ( Persian : معدن ساختمان فيروزه‎ , also Romanized as Maʿdan Sākhtmān Fīrūezh ) is a village in Firuzeh Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzeh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Kuhi is a town and a tehsil in the Umred subdivision of the Nagpur district in Nagpur , India .
Parts of the Termon River form the border between County Donegal in Ireland and County Fermanagh in the United Kingdom .
The El Brujo Archaeological Complex , just north of Trujillo , La Libertad Province , Peru , is an ancient archaeological site that was occupied from preceramic times .
Haramaya University is one of the oldest universities in Ethiopia .
MS Trollfjord is a Hurtigruten vessel built by Fosen mekaniske verksteder in Rissa , Norway in 2002 .
Battili is a town in Bhamini mandal of Srikakulam district in Andhra Pradesh , India .
Guxhagen is a community in Schwalm - Eder district in northern Hesse , Germany .
Bangalore International School ( or BIS ) is an international school in the city of Bangalore , Karnataka , India , located along the Hennur Bagalur Road in Geddalahalli , Bangalore .
Lapte is a commune in the Haute - Loire department in south - central France , located 23 kilometres southwest of the city of Firminy .
Gnato ( also spelled Gnanto ) is a village in the south - western corner of Ivory Coast .
Qazanbulaq ( also , Kazan Bulakh and Kazanbulak ) is a village and municipality in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Zvodno ( pronounced ( ˈzʋoːdnɔ ) ) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Celje in eastern Slovenia .
Chroberz ( ˈxrɔbɛʂ ) is a village in Poland with 964 inhabitants ( 2005 ) .
The Museum of Industry and Agriculture ( Polish : Muzeum Przemysłu i Rolnictwa ) is a former museum of technology at Krakowskie Przedmieście 66 in Warsaw , Poland .
Cap Djinet is a cape at the Mediterranean Sea near the town of Djinet , 50 kilometers east of Algiers , near Dellys , in the Boumerdès Province of Algeria .
Matilda House is one of the oldest houses in Singapore .
The Sapphire Coast is the marketing/ tourist name for the Bega Valley Shire region in South East , New South Wales , Australia and stretches from Bermagui in the North to the Victorian border in the South .
The Chithamur block is a revenue block in the Kanchipuram district of Tamil Nadu , India .
Pervalka Lighthouse ( Lithuanian : Pervalkos švyturys ) - a lighthouse located in Pervalka on the Curonian Spit , located in between the Curonian Lagoon ( to the east ) and the Baltic Sea ( to the west ) ; located in Lithuania .
The Jardin botanique de l'Université de Rennes is a botanical garden maintained by the Faculty of Sciences of the University of Rennes 1 , Avenue du General Leclerc , Rennes , Ille - et - Vilaine , Brittany , France .
Soknedal Church ( Norwegian : Soknedal kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Midtre Gauldal in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Sanekuy is a Bobo village and commune in Mali .
Mount Tarawera is the volcano responsible for one of New Zealand 's largest historic eruptions .
Koshlauch ( Russian : Кошлау́ч ; Tatar : Кушлавыч , Quşlawıç , ( quʃlɑˈwɯɕ ) ) is a village ( selo ) in Arsky District , Republic of Tatarstan , Russia , located 24 kilometers ( 15 mi ) north - west of Arsk , district 's administrative center .
Oqkurgan ( Persian : آق‌کورگان ‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
GAIS is one of the oldest football clubs in Sweden .
Civita di Bagnoregio is a town in the Province of Viterbo in central Italy , a frazione of the comune of Bagnoregio , 1 kilometre ( 0.6 miles ) east from it .
Boesmansriviermond ( Bushman 's River Mouth ) is a town in Ndlambe Local Municipality in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa .
Yongtai County ( Chinese : 永泰 ; pinyin : Yǒngtài ; Foochow Romanized : Īng - tái ) is a county of eastern Fujian province , People 's Republic of China .
Cité Soleil ( Haitian Creole : Site Solèy ; English : Sun City ) is an extremely impoverished and densely populated commune ( `` city '' ) located in the Port - au - Prince metropolitan area in Haiti .
The Fort of Pessegueiro Island ( Portuguese : Forte da ilha do Pessegueiro ) is a fort situated on the island of Pessegueiro , off the coast of the civil parish of Porto Covo , municipality of Sines , in the southern Alentejo of Portugal .
Mokoia is a small settlement in south Taranaki , in the western North Island of New Zealand .
Nam Tok Mae Surin , also known as Mae Surin Falls , are waterfalls in Thailand 's Mae Hong Son Province .
Mount John Laurie is a mountain in the Canadian Rockies , located in the province of Alberta , Canada .
Jozerand ( since June 2009 , formerly Joserand ) is a commune in the Puy - de - Dôme department in Auvergne in central France .
Voinjama is a small city that serves as the capital of Lofa County , Liberia and is located in the hilly , far northern part of the country near the Guinean border .
El Chupadero is a town in the municipality of Santa Rita , Chalatenango , El Salvador .
Kërçinë ( Albanian : Kërçinë ; Macedonian : Крчин , Krčin ) is a peak in the mountain of Dešat located in eastern Albania and western Macedonia .
In 1878 , after the Romanian War of Independence , Constanța and the rest of Northern Dobruja were ceded by the Ottoman Empire to Romania .
Nordsida Church ( Norwegian : Nordsida kyrkje ) is a parish church in Stryn Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
The Trade Tower in Gangnam district , Seoul , is one of South Korea 's tallest buildings .
Delitzsch ( German pronunciation : ( ˈdeːlɪtʃ ) , Slavic : delč or delčz for hill ) is a town in the Free State of Saxony in Germany .
Ladrillar , also known by its extremaduran name Ladrillal , is a municipality located in Las Hurdes , province of Cáceres , Extremadura , Spain .
San Vendemiano is a municipality in the province of Treviso , northern Italy , 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) from Treviso .
Syangja is the main settlement of Putalibazar Municipality , the headquarters of Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of Nepal .
Yalding House is a building at 152 - -156 Great Portland Street , London , United Kingdom owned by the British Broadcasting Corporation ( BBC ) which from 1952 until 2013 housed the corporation 's music department .
Nizwa ( Arabic : نزوى‎ ) is the largest city in the Ad Dakhiliyah Region in Oman and was the capital of Oman proper .
Anfu County ( simplified Chinese : 安福县 ; traditional Chinese : 安福縣 ; pinyin : Ānfú Xiàn ) is a county of Jiangxi province , People 's Republic of China .
Schelten ( La Scheulte in French ) is a municipality in the Jura bernois administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
The Viktualienmarkt is a daily food market and a square in the center of Munich , Germany .
Palykorovy ( Ukrainian : Паликорови ) is a village ( selo ) in Brodivskyi Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
Sygynnakh ( Russian : Сыгыннах ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Arbynsky Rural Okrug of Namsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 90 kilometers ( 56 mi ) from Namtsy , the administrative center of the district .
Myrtou ( Greek : Μύρτου , Turkish : Çamlıbel ) is a town in the Kyrenia District of Cyprus , north of the city of Morphou .
Frielas ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( fɾiˈɛlɐʃ ) ) is a former civil parish in the municipality of Loures , Lisbon District , Portugal .
The Port of Pyeongtaek - Dangjin is a port in South Korea , located in the cities of Pyeongtaek and Dangjin .
The Royal Navy ( RN ) is the United Kingdom 's principal naval warfare force .
The Third Option was a proposal from Canadian Secretary of State for External Affairs Minister Mitchell Sharp in 1972 which would have reduced trade and cultural relations between Canada and the United States and allowed for more diversification of bilateral agreements .
Amaliehaven ( English : The Amalie Garden ) is a small park located between Amalienborg Palace and the waterfront in the Frederiksstaden neighbourhood of central Copenhagen , Denmark .
Areguá ( Spanish pronunciation : ( aɾeˈɣwa ) ) is a city in Paraguay ; located 28 km away from the capital city Asunción .
José Fassardi is a village and distrito in the Guairá Department of Paraguay .
The Citadelle Laferrière or , Citadelle Henry Christophe , or simply the Citadelle ( English : Citadel ) , is a large mountaintop fortress in northern Haiti , approximately 17 miles ( 27 km ) south of the city of Cap - Haïtien and five miles ( 8 km ) uphill from the town of Milot .
Gorzanów ( ɡɔˈʐanuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bystrzyca Kłodzka , within Kłodzko County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Brussels Cemetery ( French : Cimetière de Bruxelles , Dutch : Begraafplaats Van de Stad Brussel ) is a cemetery situated in Evere ( Brussels ) , Belgium .
Gintro ( ˈɡintrɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Targ , within Sztum County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Valenzuela ( PLV ) or University of the City of Valenzuela is a city government - run public university located in Valenzuela , Philippines .
The Moramanga District is a district in the Alaotra - Mangoro region in Madagascar .
The Valdivia Pulp Mill or Planta Valdivia is a pulp mill and biomass - fueled electrical generating station in San José de la Mariquina , Los Ríos Region , Chile .
Slavonski Šamac is a village and a port on the river Sava in Croatia .
The Alssund is the narrow strait between Als island and the mainland of Jutland , in Denmark .
Pravda Castle was a castle , the remains of which can be found on the hill above the village of Pnětluky in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic .
Commune III ( Niamey ) , also known as Niamey III , is an urban commune in Niger .
Genagra ( Greek : Γέναγρα , Turkish : Nergizli ) is a village in the Famagusta District of Cyprus , located 5 km southwest of Lefkoniko , just south of Lefkoniko Airport .
Vestiena Manor ( Latvian : Vestienas muižas pils ) is a manor house in the historical region of Vidzeme , in northern Latvia .
Bonghwang Station ( Hangul : 봉황역 ; hanja : 鳳凰驛 ) is a station of the BGLRT Line of Busan Metro in Jeonha - dong , Gimhae , South Korea .
Guelph Central Station ( also known as Guelph Central GO Station ) is the main inter - modal transportation terminal in Guelph , Ontario , Canada .
Mount Smolikas ( Greek : Σμόλικας , Aromanian : Smolcu ) is a mountain in the Ioannina regional unit , northwestern Greece .
Wierzysko ( vjɛˈʐɨskɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kościerzyna , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Zavora is a beach , north east of Maputo in Mozambique , in the district of Inharrime , province of Inhambane .
Garni ( Armenian : Գառնի ) , is a major village in the Kotayk Province of Armenia .
Zarzew ( ˈzaʐɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzgów , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Murray Collection is a collection of philatelic material relating to China that forms part of the British Library Philatelic Collections .
Seka Chekorsa ( also transliterated Seqqa Chekorsa ) is a town in southern Ethiopia .
Xagħra ( Maltese : Ix - Xagħra ) is a village on the island of Gozo in Malta .
The Opernplatz ( Opera Square ) is a central city square in Frankfurt , Germany , located in the district of Innenstadt and within the central business district known as the Bankenviertel .
Clonfert Cathedral is a cathedral of the Church of Ireland in Clonfert , County Galway in Ireland .
Terlizzi is a town and comune of the region of Apulia in southern Italy , in the province of Bari , lying to the west of the seaport of Bari on the Adriatic Sea , in the midst of a fertile plain .
Campeonato Paranaense , which has been contested since 1915 , is the top - flight football league of the state of Paraná , Brazil .
Gharghan ( Persian : غرغن‎ , also Romanized as Gharghen ) is a village in Varzaq - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Faridan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Porządzie ( pɔˈʐɔnd͡ʑe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rząśnik , within Wyszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Vaara is a district of the city centre area of Oulu , Finland .
Squitty Bay Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located on Lasqueti Island in the Northern Gulf Islands of the Strait of Georgia region .
The Dupong - Krier Ministry took office in Luxembourg on 5 November 1937 after the resignation of the prime minister Joseph Bech , due to the result of a referendum on the so - called Maulkuerfgesetz ( muzzle law ) .
The Peloponnesian Folklore Foundation `` Vas . Papantoniou '' or PFF ( Greek : Πελοποννησιακό Λαογραφικό Ίδρυμα also known as ΠΛΙ ) is a nonprofit cultural institution and museum based in Nafplion , Greece .
Peralada ( Catalan pronunciation : ( pəɾəˈɫaðə ) ) is a village in province of Girona , Catalonia , Spain .
Viline Vode ( Serbian Cyrillic : Вилине Воде ) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade , the capital of Serbia .
Kurtan ( Armenian : Կուրթան ) is a village in the Lori Province of Armenia .
The Hochburg ( `` high castle '' ) is a castle ruin situated between the two cities of Emmendingen and Sexau in the region of Baden , located in the southwest of Germany .
Klutajny ( kluˈtai̯nɨ ) ( German : Klotainen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiwity , within Lidzbark County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Lago di Viverone ( in Piedmontese Lagh ëd Vivron ) is a lake in northern Italy .
The Suzhou North Railway Station ( Chinese : 苏州北站 ) is a high - speed railway station in Suzhou , Jiangsu , People 's Republic of China .
The Chicoana are a Diaguita tribe in the Salta Province , Argentina .
Vllahat is a village in Vlorë County in southern Albania , 13 km northeast of Saranda and 2 km southeast of Delvina .
The Barcelona School of Informatics ( Catalan : Facultat d'Informàtica de Barcelona , FIB ; IPA : ( fəkuɫˈtad dimfurˈmatikə ðə βərsəˈɫonə ) ) is one of the schools of the Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya ( Technical University of Catalonia ) , Spain .
The Horseshoe Canyon Formation is a stratigraphic unit of the Western Canada Sedimentary Basin in southwestern Alberta .
Grătiești is a commune in Sectorul Rîșcani of Chișinău municipality , Moldova .
Kłapówka ( kwaˈpufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolbuszowa , within Kolbuszowa County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Sklabiná ( Hungarian : Mikszáthfalva ; formerly Szklabonya ) is a village and municipality in the Veľký Krtíš District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia .
Shirmisheh ( Persian : شيرميشه‎ , also Romanized as Shīrmīsheh ; also known as Sharmashah , Sharmashakh , and Shīrsheh ) is a village in Chavarzaq Rural District , Chavarzaq District , Tarom County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Blagaj is a village - town ( kasaba ) in the south - eastern region of the Mostar basin , in the Herzegovina - Neretva Canton of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Nuaimi Tower ( Arabic : برج النعيمي‎ ) is a 40-floor residential tower in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Hajji Eynak ( Persian : حاجي اينك‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjī `` Eynak and Ḩājjī Īnak ; also known as Āqbolāgh ) is a village in Anguran Rural District , Anguran District , Mahneshan County , Zanjan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 25 , in 5 families .
Sarumeh ( Persian : سرومه‎ , also Romanized as Sarūmeh ) is a village in Gavkan Rural District , in the Central District of Rigan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Maldaha ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) ( spelt by Election Commission of India as `` Maldaha '' and earlier spelt as Malda ) is a assembly constituency in Maldah district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
Novelda ( Valencian : ( noˈvɛɫda ) ; Spanish : ( noˈβelda ) ) is a town located in the province of Alicante , Spain .
Seondo - dong is an administrative dong or neighbourhood in the administrative subdivisions of the Gyeongju City , North Gyeongsang province , South Korea .
Mécheria is a small city situated in Naâma Province , Algeria in the Atlas mountains , capital of Mécheria District .
The Victorian Tertiary Admissions Centre ( VTAC ) is the administrative body which processes applications for universities ( and other tertiary institutions ) in the state of Victoria ( Australia ) .
Qila Ladgasht is small town located in Mashkel tehsil in Kharan District , Balochistan , Pakistan .
Kayseri Atatürk Stadium , opened in 1964 , was a multi - purpose stadium in Kayseri , Turkey .
Chah Bahram ( Persian : چاه بهرام‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Bahrām ) is a village in Golestan Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
San Glorio is a mountain pass in the Cantabrian Mountains of Northern Spain .
Azizak Rural District ( Persian : دهستان عزيزك‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Bahnemir District , Babolsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Mthatha River or Umtata River ( Xhosa : ' mtathe Bawo ) is a river in the Eastern Cape Province in South Africa .
Freshwater Place is a premium high - rise residential skyscraper in the Southbank district of Melbourne , Australia .
Chalandritsa ( Greek : Χαλανδρίτσα ) is a town and a community in Achaea , West Greece , Greece .
Mazraeh - ye Gorgiabad ( Persian : مزرعه گرگي آباد‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Gorgīābād ) is a village in Rigestan Rural District , Zavareh District , Ardestan County , Isfahan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Sincik is a remote district of Adıyaman Province of Turkey with a population of 4,262 .
Mohammadyar ( Persian : محمديار‎ ; also Romanized as Moḩammadyār , Moḩammad Yār , and Muhammadiar ) is a city in and the capital of Mohammadyar District , in Naqadeh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Dheedwal is a town 17 kilometers from Chakwal in Punjab , Pakistan .
Keskil ( Russian : Кескил ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Sasylsky Rural Okrug in Tomponsky District of the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 40 kilometers ( 25 mi ) from Khandyga , the administrative center of the district .
Kampong Bukit Sawat is a village located in Mukim Bukit Sawat of the Belait District in Brunei .
Bas Saruq ( Persian : بس ساروق‎ , also Romanized as Bās Sārūq ; also known as Bas Sārū , Bāsh Sārūq , and Sārūj ) is a village in Sarjam Rural District , Ahmadabad District , Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Dragočava ( Serbian Cyrillic : Драгочава ) is a village in the municipality of Foča , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Amirim ( Hebrew : אֲמִירִים , lit . Treetops ) is a moshav in northern Israel .
Rwamagana is a city and capital of both Rwamagana district and the Eastern Province of Rwanda
The Clementi Police Division ( or ' D ' Division , Chinese : 金文泰警区 ) is a police division of the Singapore Police Force .
Alejandro Selkirk Island ( Spanish : Isla Alejandro Selkirk ) , previously known as Más Afuera ( Farther Out ( to Sea ) ) and renamed after the marooned sailor Alexander Selkirk , is the largest and most westerly island in the Juan Fernández Archipelago of the Valparaíso Region of Chile .
Kwamouth is a small community in the Plateaux District of Bandundu Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
As - Salif ( Arabic : الصليف‎ , As - Sālif , also transliterated as al - Salif ) is a coastal village in western Yemen .
Rogolin ( rɔˈɡɔlin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanów , within Białobrzegi County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Baba Aman Rural District ( Persian : دهستان باباامان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Glen Shopping Centre is a major regional shopping centre located in Glen Waverley , Victoria , Australia .
Alijó ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ɐliˈʒɔ ) ) is a municipality in the Norte Region of Portugal , located in the district of Vila Real .
The Jicatuyo River is a river in the Santa Barbara Department in Honduras which flows into the Ulúa River .
The Belgian School at Athens ; ( Dutch : Belgische School te Athene ; French : École Belge d'Athènes ; Greek : Βελγική Σχολή Αθηνών ) is one of the 17 foreign archaeological institutes operating in Athens , Greece .
Ali Beyk ( Persian : علي بيك‎ , also Romanized as `` Alī Beyk and `` Alī Beyg ) is a village in Sahra Rural District , Anabad District , Bardaskan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 149 , in 37 families .
Motueka Aerodrome ( IATA : MZP , ICAO : NZMK ) is the airport serving Motueka , New Zealand and is owned and managed by Tasman District Council .
Koprivnica ( pronounced ( kɔ̝̌priːv̞nit͡sa ) ) is a city in northern Croatia .
Yana Q'asa ( Quechua yana black , q'asa mountain pass , hispanicized spelling Yanajasa ) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,200 metres ( 17,060 ft ) high .
Wyżnianka ( vɨʐˈɲaŋka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzkowice , within Kraśnik County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Piškorevci is a village in eastern Croatia located south of Đakovo .
Kimberley Downs Station , commonly referred to as Kimberley Downs , is a pastoral lease that operates as a cattle station in Western Australia .
Sahray - ye Bagh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان صحرائ باغ‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Sahray - ye Bagh District , Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Roszczep ( ˈrɔʂt͡ʂɛp ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klembów , within Wołomin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The 2010 LG Hockey Games will be held in Stockholm , Sweden , from 29 April to 2 May.
The Swedish National Audit Office ( NAO , Swedish : Riksrevisionen ) is the agency responsible for oversight of the state finances through financial and performance - based audits of state agencies , state - owned companies and the Government of Sweden .
Pinar del Río was one of the last major cities in Cuba founded by the Spanish .
Alejandro Velasco Astete International Airport ( IATA : CUZ , ICAO : SPZO ) is located in the city of Cusco , in southeastern Peru .
Victoria Trail is an arterial road under construction in northeast Edmonton , Alberta , Canada .
Santa Catarina State University ( Portuguese : Universidade do Estado de Santa Catarina , UDESC ) is a university in Brazil .
Jabłoń - Jankowce ( ˈjabwɔɲ janˈkɔft͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Piekuty , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Guged ( Persian : گوگد‎‎ , also Romanized as Gouged , Gūged , Googad , and Gūgad ) is a city in the Central District of Golpayegan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Parapotamos ( Greek : Παραπόταμος ; Albanian : Varfanj ) is a village and a former municipality in Thesprotia , Epirus , Greece .
Holon Institute of Technology ( HIT ) ( Hebrew : מכון טכנולוגי חולון‎ ) , is an academic institution of higher learning in Holon , Israel .
Brædstrup is a former railway town in Jutland , Denmark at the railway between Horsens and Silkeborg which was closed in 1968 .
Huvinahippargi also Huvin Hipparagi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Valle Canal Novo is a nature reserve near Marano , a small town in the north east of Italy .
Concept School of Learning Abbottabad is a privately run high school on Abbottabad , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan .
Troškūnai ( pronunciation ) is the second smallest city in Lithuania .
Barga is a medieval town and comune of the province of Lucca in Tuscany , central Italy .
Lok Wah Estate ( Chinese : 樂華邨 ; pinyin : Lèhuácūn ; Jyutping : lok6 waa4 cyun1 ) is a public housing estate located in Ngau Tau Kok , Kwun Tong , Kowloon , Hong Kong .
The Zillertal ( `` Ziller valley '' ) is a valley in Tyrol , Austria that is drained by the Ziller river .
Namco Namja Town is an indoor theme park in the Sunshine City shopping complex in east Ikebukuro , Toshima , Tokyo , Japan .
Midsund Bridge ( Norwegian : Midsundbrua ) is a reinforced concrete arch bridge that crosses the Midsundet strait between the islands of Otrøya and Midøya in Midsund Municipality , Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Newnham Bridge is a village in the parish of Knighton on Teme , near Tenbury Wells , Worcestershire , England , United Kingdom .
Lake Ledinci ( Serbian Latin : Ledinačko jezero ; Serbian Cyrillic : Лединачко језеро ) was a small artificial lake on the mountain of Fruška Gora , near Novi Sad , in the Srem region of the Vojvodina province of Serbia .
Budmerice ( Hungarian : Gidrafa ) is a village and municipality in western Slovakia in Pezinok District in the Bratislava region .
Ceadîr - Lunga ( Romanian pronunciation : ( t͡ʃaˈdɨr ˈluŋɡa ) , also spelled Ceadâr - Lunga ; Gagauz : Çadır - Lunga ) is a city in Gagauzia , Moldova .
The San Francisco de Miculla petroglyphs , commonly known as the Miculla petroglyphs , are petroglyphs located 22 kilometres ( 14 mi ) from Tacna , Peru .
Malintrat is a commune in the Puy - de - Dôme département in Auvergne in central France .
Modzurów ( mɔˈd͡zuruf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudnik , within Racibórz County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Wabigoon Lake Ojibway Nation , or commonly as Wabigoon First Nation ( Anishinaabemowin : Waabigoniiw Saaga'iganiiw Anishinaabeg ) , is a Saulteaux First Nation band government who inhabit the Kenora District in northwestern Ontario , Canada .
Caorso Nuclear Power Plant was a nuclear power plant at Caorso in Italy .
Osijek ( pronounced ( ôsijeːk ) ) is the fourth largest city in Croatia with a population of 108,048 in 2011 .
Kurgan West was an air base in Russia located 25 km west of Kurgan .
Apúlia is a town and a former civil parish in the municipality of Esposende , Portugal .
Nimbeluk ( Persian : نيمبلوك‎ , also Romanized as Nīmbelūḵ ) is a city in , and the seat of , Nimbeluk District , in Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Bucharest North railway station ( Romanian : București Gara de Nord ) is the main railway station in Bucharest and the largest railway station in Romania .
Witkoppen is a main road as well as suburb of Johannesburg , South Africa .
Mondulkiri Protected Forest is located in eastern Cambodia and is part of maybe the largest protected area complex in southeast Asia .
Pajkež ( pronounced ( ˈpaːi̯kɛʃ ) ; also Zgornja Blaževica , German : Oberblaschowitz ) is a former settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in southern Slovenia .
Haft Cheshmeh - ye Zangivand ( Persian : هفت چشمه زنگيوند‎ , also Romanized as Haft Cheshmeh - ye Zangīvand ; also known as Haft Cheshmeh ) is a village in Nurali Rural District , in the Central District of Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Tropfest Arabia was first held in November 2011 in Abu Dhabi , the United Arab Emirates .
Eleja parish ( Latvian : Elejas pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Jelgava Municipality , Latvia .
The table below reports data on Inishbiggle 's population taken from Discover the Islands of Ireland ( Alex Ritsema , Collins Press , 1999 ) and the Census of Ireland .
Fanfreluche was a French - language Canadian children 's television show made in Quebec by Radio - Canada .
The Pearce , Urquhart and Hervey Islands Important Bird Area consists of three small adjacent islands , with a collective area of 9 ha , in the western Gulf of Carpentaria 's Sir Edward Pellew Group of Islands , in the Northern Territory of Australia .
La Benâte is a former commune in the Charente - Maritime department in the Aquitaine - Limousin - Poitou - Charentes region in southwestern France .
Jarok ( locally known as Íreg ) is a village and municipality in the Nitra District in western central Slovakia , in the Nitra Region .
The Weschnitz Valley Railway ( German : Weschnitztalbahn ) is a railway line in Germany that runs from Weinheim an der Bergstraße the in the valley of the River Weschnitz to Fürth i m Odenwald .
The Zoological Museum of Moscow University is the second largest zoological museum in Russia ( the largest is the Zoological Museum in St . Petersburg ) and one of the twelve largest in the world .
Weston Island is an uninhabited island in James Bay and is part of Qikiqtaaluk Region , Nunavut , Canada .
Bajramovići ( Serbian : Бајрамовићи ) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Osinsky Uyezd ( Russian : Осинский уезд ) was an administrative division of Perm Governorate , Russian Empire , which existed in 1781 - 1923 .
Les Arcs is a ski resort located in Savoie , France , in the Tarentaise Valley town of Bourg - Saint - Maurice .
The Taguig River is a river of the Philippines , a tributary of the Pasig River .
The St. Donatian 's Cathedral ( Dutch : Sint - Donaaskathedraal ) was a Roman Catholic cathedral in Bruges , Belgium .
The Valle di Comino is a valley in the province of Frosinone , in Lazio in central Italy .
Wilhelmsfeld is a municipality in the Rhein - Neckar - Kreis of Baden - Württemberg in Germany .
Lëkurës is a village in Sarandë , Vlorë County , southwestern Albania .
Tsamakaberd , is a residential neighborhood in the town of Sevan of Gegharkunik Province , Armenia .
The Luarica diamond mine is a diamond mine located in Angola .
Dębostrów ( dɛmˈbɔstruf ) ( German : Damuster ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Police , within Police County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Trégastel ( Breton : Tregastell ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of the region of Brittany in northwestern France .
On 16 March 2005 , Regional Airlines Flight 9288 crashed on approach to Varandey Airport in Russia 's Nenetskiy Avtonomnyy Okrug , killing 28 of the 52 people on board .
Trogkofel ( Creta di Aipin Italian ) ( 2,280 m ) is a mountain of the Carnic Alps lying on the border of Friuli , Italy and Carinthia , Austria .
The Santa Rosa local fauna consists of the animals found in the Paleogene fossil site of Santa Rosa in eastern Peru .
Padure parish ( Latvian : Padures pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Kuldīga Municipality , Latvia .
Sauviat ( Occitan : Sauviac ) is a commune in the Puy - de - Dôme department in Auvergne in central France .
Omalinde Land District is one of the land districts ( cadastral divisions ) of Western Australia , located within the Kimberley Division of the state .
The Swedish Committee Against Antisemitism ( Swedish : Svenska Kommittén Mot Antisemitism , SKMA ) is a Sweden - based non - profit organization , founded in 1983 , that works to counteract and spread knowledge about antisemitism .
J. H Bannatyne , Letter from J. H Bannatyne to Other Windsor Berry Esq . relating to the Myall Creek Massacre , 17 December 1838 The Myall Creek massacre has been claimed to be the first and only time in Australia 's history that Europeans were executed for the massacre of Australian Aborigines .
Besuki is the name of a district ( kecamatan ) in Situbondo Regency , East Java , Indonesia with an area of 26.08 km2 .
Seibersdorf is an Austrian market town with 1,283 residents in the District of Baden in Lower Austria .
Newmarket GO Station is a train station in the GO Transit network located in the Old Davis Tannery Centre on the north side of Davis Drive East in Newmarket , Ontario , Canada , and is a stop on the Barrie line train service .
Läggesta railway station is a railway station on Svealandsbanan near the small town of Mariefred in Strängnäs municipality , Sweden .
Mowtowr - e Yahya Belverdi ( Persian : موتوريحيي بلوردي‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Yaḥya Belverdī ) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Agatti Aerodrome ( IATA : AGX , ICAO : VOAT ) is located on the southern end of Agatti Island , in the union territory of Lakshadweep in India .
Jørlunde church ( Danish : Jørlunde kirke ) is a late Viking age / early medieval church situated in Jørlunde , Denmark .
Geusa is a village and a former municipality within the district Saalekreis , in the federal state of Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
Els Segadors ( Eastern Catalan : ( əɫs səɣəˈðos ) , Western Catalan : ( eɫs seɣaˈðos ) ; `` The Reapers '' ) is the official national anthem of Catalonia ( nationality and autonomous community of Spain ) .
Kumane ( Serbian Cyrillic : Кумане ) is a village located in the Novi Bečej municipality , in the Central Banat District of Serbia .
Pamunuwa is a suburb of colombo city and near to Maharagama in Sri Lanka and is famous as a destination for clothing and textile .
Kadkhodalu ( Persian : كدخدالو‎ , also Romanized as Kadkhodālū ) is a village in Angut - e Gharbi Rural District , Anguti District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Monument to Salavat Yulaev ( Russian : Памятник Салавату Юлаеву , Bashkir : Салауат Юлаев һәйкәле , Salauat Yulaev ha’ka’le ) is a monument in Ufa , Russia .
Balbharati ( The Maharashtra State Bureau of Textbook Production and Curriculum Research ) is located in Pune , Maharashtra , India .
Gasan - dong is a dong ( neighbourhood ) of Geumcheon - gu in Seoul , South Korea .
The Oppau explosion occurred on September 21 , 1921 , when a tower silo storing 4,500 tonnes of a mixture of ammonium sulfate and ammonium nitrate fertilizer exploded at a BASF plant in Oppau , now part of Ludwigshafen , Germany , killing 500 - -600 people and injuring about 2,000 more .
Sporting Kristina ( abbreviated Sporting ) is a football club from Kristinestad ( Finnish : Kristiinankaupunki ) , Finland .
Neuweiler is a town in Germany , located in the Calw district and region of Karlsruhe of Baden - Württemberg .
Transbaikal , Trans - Baikal , Transbaikalia ( Russian : Забайка́лье , tr . Zabaykalye ; IPA : ( zəbɐjˈkalʲjɪ ) ) , or Dauria ( Даурия , Dauriya ) is a mountainous region to the east of or `` beyond '' ( trans- ) Lake Baikal in Russia .
The Progon family ( Albanian : Progoni ) established the first Albanian state , the Principality of Arbër , which fell under the influence of the Byzantine Empire , the Despotate of Epirus and the Serbian Kingdom .
The Port of Beirut ( Arabic : مرفأ بيروت‎ ) is the main port in Lebanon located on the eastern part of the Saint George Bay on Beirut 's northern Mediterranean coast , west of the Beirut River .
The Burnakura Gold Mine is a gold mine located 50 km south of Meekatharra , Western Australia .
Blackwood High School is a co - educational secondary school located in Eden Hills , a south - eastern suburb of Adelaide , South Australia offering the International Baccalaureate Middle Years Programme with six nearby primary schools and Diploma Programme as the `` Mitcham Hills College '' .
Boulevard Plaza is a complex contains Boulevard Plaza 1 and Boulevard Plaza 2 located in Downtown Dubai in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Morszków ( ˈmɔrʂkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonna Lacka , within Sokołów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Hong San See ( Chinese : 凤山寺 ; pinyin : Fèngshān sì ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Hōng - suann - sī ) is a Chinese temple in Singapore , and is located at Mohamed Sultan Road in the River Valley Planning Area , within the Central Area , Singapore 's central business district .
Kıbrıscık is a small town and district in Bolu Province of the Black Sea region of northwestern Turkey .
The Campeonato Fluminense was the football league of the state of Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , during the period when the Guanabara state and the Rio de Janeiro state where two separated states .
As a result , efforts were made to attract a new kind of clientele , helped in no small part by the EMNID survey which named Bad Kissingen Germany 's most well - known spa town .
Sine - Saloum is a region in Senegal located north of the Gambia and south of the Petite Côte .
Agder Court of Appeal ( Norwegian : Agder lagmannsrett ) is the court of appeal located in Skien , Norway .
Mount Shahdagh ( Azerbaijani : Şahdağ ) is a mountain peak of the Greater Caucasus range , located in Qusar rayon of Azerbaijan , close to the border with Russia .
Xerém is known for having one of the most important government agencies in Brazil , INMETRO .
Sátoraljaújhely ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈʃaːtorɒjːɒuːjhɛj ) ; archaic German : Neustadt am Zeltberg ; Slovak : Nové Mesto pod Šiatrom ; Yiddish : איהעל‎ ( Ihel ) or אוהעלי ( Uhely ) ) is a town located in Borsod - Abaúj - Zemplén county in northern Hungary near the Slovak border .
Kaunas Cathedral Basilica ( Lithuanian : Kauno Šv . apaštalų Petro ir Povilo arkikatedra bazilika ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral basilica in Kaunas , Lithuania .
Vassdalseggi is the tallest mountain in Rogaland county , Norway .
The 1997 S.League was the 2nd season of the S.League , the top professional football league in Singapore .
Mazraeh - ye Mirha ( Persian : مزرعه ميرها‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Mīrhā ; also known as Nercheh Mīrā ) is a village in Zarrin Rural District , Kharanaq District , Ardakan County , Yazd Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 97 , in 31 families .
Lakereia ( Greek : Λακέρεια ) is a former municipality in the Larissa regional unit , Thessaly , Greece .
Abila Lysaniou or Abila Lysaniae or Abila was an ancient city , on the Abana River and capital of ancient Abilene , Coele - Syria .
Cape Sabine is a land point on Pim Island , in Qikiqtaaluk Region , Nunavut , Canada .
Army Beach , Mazandaran ( Persian : پلاژارتش‎ -- Plāzh - e Artash ) is a village and military installation in Qareh Toghan Rural District , in the Central District of Neka County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Branisko Tunnel is a road tunnel in eastern Slovakia .
Theodore Bruce Auctioneers and Valuers is Australia 's oldest auction house , established in Adelaide in 1878 by parliamentarian , mayor and auctioneer Theodore Bruce .
The High Commission of the Organisation of Eastern Caribbean States in Ottawa ( OECS ) was a regional High Commission office for multiple island - nations of the Eastern Caribbean located on Albert Street in Ottawa , Canada .
Siekierczyn ( ɕɛˈkʲɛrt͡ʂɨn ) ( German : Geibsdorf ) is a village in Lubań County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Givi Kiladze Stadium is a multi - use stadium in Kutaisi , Georgia used mostly for football matches .
Erumbeeswarar Temple in Thiruverumbur , Tamil Nadu , India , is a Hindu temple dedicated to the deity Shiva .
Chuy ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈtʃwi ) ) is a city in the extreme east of Uruguay , in the Rocha Department , 340 kilometres ( 211 mi ) northeast of Montevideo .
Lakshminarasupeta is a village and a Mandal in Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India .
Montagne du Charbon ( 1,932 m ) is a mountain in the Bauges in Savoie , France .
Rytlów ( ˈrɨtluf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Al ` Awaliis a village in Al Madinah Province , in western Saudi Arabia .
Palazzo Uguccioni is a Renaissance palace on the Piazza della Signoria in Florence , central Italy .
Dadeh Beyglu ( Persian : دده بيگلو‎ , also Romanized as Dadeh Beyglū ) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District , Meshgin - e Sharqi District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Buhera District is a district in Zimbabwe
Mashta Azar ( Arabic : مشتى عازار‎ ) is a village in northwestern Syria , located west of Homs in the Wadi al - Nasarah valley , a region north of Talkalakh .
Palazzo Priuli Bon is a Gothic - style palace on the Canal Grande , located between the Palazzo Duodo and the Campo of San Stae , in the sestiere of Santa Croce , in Venice , Italy .
Jalan Tuanku Abdul Halim also known as Jalan Duta is a major highway in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
Nim Li Punit ( /nim li puˈnit/ ) is a Maya Classic Period site in the Toledo District of the nation of Belize , located 40 kilometres north of the town of Punta Gorda , at 16 ° 19 ' N , 88 ° 47 ' 60W.
Myrsini ( Greek : Μυρσίνη , before 1915 : Σουλεϊμάναγα - Souleimanaga ) is a town in Elis , Greece .
San Antonio de los Cobres is a small town of population 5,482 ( per the 2001 INDEC census ) in northwestern Argentina .
Targoszyce ( tarɡɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin , within Krotoszyn County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Sion Cathedral or the Cathedral of Our Lady of Sion ( French : Cathédrale Notre - Dame de Sion , Cathédrale Notre - Dame du Glarier ) is the Roman Catholic cathedral in Sion , Valais , Switzerland .
Warka ( ˈvarka ) is a town in central Poland , located on the left bank of the Pilica river ( 60 km or 37 mi south of Warsaw ) , with 11,035 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Sarov ( Russian : Саро́в ) is a closed town in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast , Russia .
Payerne Priory ( also known as Payerne Abbey , Abbey of Our Lady of Payerne or Peterlingen Priory ) was a Cluniac monastery at Payerne , in Vaud , Switzerland .
Torlakovac is a small village near Donji Vakuf , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Founded in 1949 , PIKO was once a state - owned enterprise in the German Democratic Republic ( East Germany ) , supplying a major share of model trains in Eastern Europe .
Chegeni - ye Olya ( Persian : چگني عليا‎ , also Romanized as Chegenī - ye `` Olyā ; also known as Chegīnī ) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District , Kuzaran District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 140 , in 34 families .
Garapan is the largest village and the center of the tourism industry on the island of Saipan , which is a part of the United States Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands ( CNMI ) .
Mission : 4Count is a Canadian television series that started airing in 2014 in Canada and on July 6 , 2015 in the US .
Dyleň ( German : Tillenberg ) is a mountain in the Karlovy Vary Region of western Bohemia , located roughly 100 metres ( 330 ft ) from the Czech Republic--
Panków ( ˈpaŋkuf ) ( German : Penkendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdnica , within Świdnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Hamburg Observatory ( German : Hamburger Sternwarte ) is an astronomical observatory located in the Bergedorf borough of the city of Hamburg in northern Germany .
Vylkove ( Ukrainian : Вилкове ; Russian : Вилково ; Romanian : Vâlcov ) is a small city located in the Ukrainian part of the Danube Delta , at utmost South - West of Ukraine , on the border with Romania .
Groß Rosenburg is a village and a former municipality in the district Salzlandkreis , in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
InterContinental Geneva is a luxury hotel operated by InterContinental in Geneva , Switzerland .
Ukrinai ( Samogitian : Okrėnā ) is a village in Mažeikiai district municipality , Lithuania .
De Dion - Bouton built railcars and railcar trailers used on many of the metre gauge railways in France and abroad .
Kola Tembien ( Tigrinya : ቆላ ተምቤን `` Lower Tembien '' ) is one of the woredas in the Tigray Region of Ethiopia .
Bikaner Technical University ( BTU ) ( Hindi : बीकानेर तकनीकी विश्वविद्यालय ) is a university located in Bikaner , Rajasthan , India .
Kherson ( Ukrainian : Херсо́н ; Russian : Херсо́н ) is a city in southern Ukraine .
Cesvaine parish ( Latvian : Cesvaines pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Cesvaine Municipality , Latvia .
Uberach ( German : Überach ) is a former commune in the Bas - Rhin department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
The Park Hyatt Toronto is a Hyatt hotel in the Yorkville area of Toronto , Canada .
Mikołów ( miˈkɔwuf ) ( German : Nikolai , Silesian : Mikołůw ) is a town in Silesia in southern Poland , near Katowice .
Chalakudy River or Chalakudy Puzha is the fourth longest river in Kerala , India .
Donbas National Academy of Civil Engineering and Architecture ( Ukrainian : Донбаська національна академія будівництва і архітектури ; abbreviated ДонНАБА ) is one of the largest engineering universities in Ukraine .
Chiomonte is famous too for its ice wine and is one of the few areas in Italy producing this type of wine .
Zarrin Khul ( Persian : زرين خول‎ , also Romanized as Zarrīn Khūl and Zarrin Khool ; also known as Zarī Khūl - e Pā’īn and Zarīn Khūl - e Pā’īn , and Zarrīn Khūl - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Saghder Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Carlopoli is a comune and town is the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy .
Carne de chango ( Spanish for `` monkey meat '' ) is a lime - marinated , smoke - cured cut of pork loin principally seen in the Catemaco region of the state of Veracruz in Mexico .
Gilgil , Kenya , is a town in Nakuru County , Kenya .
The Mayfair Theatre , Dunedin , New Zealand , was opened on December 8 , 1914 as the `` King Edward Picture Theatre '' .
The 2012 Makhachkala attack occurred on 3 May 2012 after two suicide bombers detonated explosive - filled cars near a traffic police checkpoint in Makhachkala , a city in the republic of Dagestan , Russia , killing at least 13 people .
The Hikuwai River is a river of the northeastern North Island of New Zealand .
Volstroff ( Lorraine Franconian Wolschdrëf and Wolschtrof ) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
The Church of the Multiplication of the Loaves and Fish , shortened to ( The Church of the Multiplication ) , is a Roman Catholic church located at Tabgha , on the northwest shore of the Sea of Galilee in Israel .
The Benedictine Pannonhalma Archabbey or Territorial Abbey of Pannonhalma ( lat . Archiabbatia or Abbatia Territorialis Sancti Martini in Monte Pannoniae ) is a medieval building in Pannonhalma , one of the oldest historical monuments in Hungary .
Limache is the only commune of Chile that has two cities .
Stare Wypychy ( ˈstarɛ vɨˈpɨxɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Somianka , within Wyszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Kašperk Castle ( German : Karlsberg ) is a medieval castle placed in southwestern Bohemia ( modern Czech Republic , former Crown of Bohemia ) .
The Ilots du Mouillage are three small islands in New Caledonia , an overseas territory of France .
Miraševac ( Serbian : Мирашевац ) is a village in the municipality of Rača , Serbia .
Seonggaksa was a temple located in Dochodo , South Jeolla , South Korea .
Šebrelje ( pronounced ( ʃɛˈbɾeːljɛ ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia .
The Váh ( Slovak pronunciation : ( ʋaːx ) ; German : Waag ; Hungarian : Vág ; Polish : Wag ) is the longest river within Slovakia .
La Broquerie is an unincorporated urban community in the Rural Municipality of La Broquerie , Manitoba , Canada .
New Royal Fashions is a tailoring company located in Bangkok , Thailand .
Tihun is a village in Sogbini Chiefdom , Bonthe District in the Southern Province of Sierra Leone .
Kuusisto Castle ( Finnish : Kuusiston piispanlinna , Swedish : Kustö biskopsborg ) was a medieval episcopal castle on an island of Kuusisto in Kaarina , Finland , near Turku .
Žvėrynas ( literally the menagerie ) is one of the older neighborhoods and smallest elderships in Vilnius , Lithuania .
The United Soccer Leagues ( USL ) is the organizer of several soccer leagues with teams in the United States , Canada and the Caribbean .
El Biar ( from the Arabic `` الأبيار '' meaning `` The Wells '' ) is a suburb of Algiers , Algeria .
Owjak ( Persian : اوجاك‎ , also Romanized as Owjāk and Ūjāk ) is a village in Dabuy - ye Jonubi Rural District , Dabudasht District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Prasat Muang Tam ( Thai : ปราสาทเมืองต่ำ , rtgs : Prasat Mueang Tam , ' lowland castle ' ) is a Khmer temple in Prakhon Chai district , Buri Ram Province , Thailand .
2007 Proximus Diamond Games was held in Sportpaleis , Antwerp , in Belgium ; from 10 - -18 February .
Nonantola is a town and comune in the province of Modena in the Emilia - Romagna region of northern Italy .
The Governor 's Drive is a 2 to 9 lane , 58.3-kilometre ( 36.2 mi ) network of roads and bridges traversing through the central cities and town in the province of Cavite , Philippines .
Polski Trambesh Municipality ( Bulgarian : Община Полски Тръмбеш ) is a municipality ( obshtina ) in Veliko Tarnovo Province , Central - North Bulgaria , located in the Danubian Plain .
St. Albert Trail is a major arterial road connecting the cities of Edmonton and St. Albert , Alberta , Canada .
In the Parliament of the United Kingdom , the area is covered by the larger Tonbridge and Malling Parliamentary Constituency and part of Chatham and Aylesford Parliament constituency .
Hasanpur , Mansehra is a small village of union council Malikpur , Mansehra District , situated between the villages of Sherpur and Malikpur in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , Pakistan .
It is well known in Sweden as the central site of the annual Almedalen Week .
The Ecomuseo della Montagna Pistoiese ( Ecomuseum of the Pistoian Mountain Region ) is a partly open - air museum , located in the mountainous part of the Province of Pistoia , Tuscany , Italy .
Chashni Dan ( Persian : چاشنيدان‎ , also Romanized as Chāshnī Dān ) is a village in Qaleh Tall Rural District , in the Central District of Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Arpajon - sur - Cère ( Occitan : Arpajon ) is a French commune in the Cantal department in the Auvergne region of south - central France .
Tamaraikulam is a village in India near Kanyakumari .
Surigao Strait ( Filipino : Kipot ng Surigaw ) is a strait in the southern Philippines , between the Bohol Sea and the Leyte Gulf of the Philippine Sea .
Eti - Osa is a Local Government Area in the Lagos Division , of Lagos State , Nigeria .
Karahsi ( Persian : كره سي‎ , also Romanized as Karahsī , Karehsī , and Korrehsī ; also known as Karkeseh , Karrahseh , and Korsī ) is a village in Abidar Rural District , in the Central District of Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Bochov ( German : Buchau ) is a small town ( 1226 inhabitants in 2011 ) in the Karlovy Vary Region , Czech Republic .
Pampanga National High School ( also known as Pampanga High School or PHS ) is a high school in the City of San Fernando , Pampanga , Philippines .
St Joseph 's International Catholic College , also known as Joeys , is an international school in Port Moresby , Papua New Guinea .
Vrbovka ( Hungarian : Ipolyvarbó ) is a municipality ( village ) in southern Slovakia .
The Ulhas River is an important west flowing river in Western India in the state of Maharashtra draining an area 4,637 km2 in size .
Brezovica Žumberačka is a settlement in Croatia , part of the Ozalj municipality in Karlovac County .
Al - Laqbah ( Arabic : اللقبة‎ , also spelled al - Laqbeh or Laqbee ) is a town in northwestern Syria , administratively part of the Hama Governorate , located west of Hama .
Krompachy ( German : Krompach , Hungarian : Korompa ) is a town in Slovakia , with a rich mining and metallurgical history , well - known both in Slovakia and in its close neighboring countries for its Plejsy ski center .
Lierna Castle ( Italian : Castello di Lierna ) is an Italian castle on the eastern side of Lake Como in Lombardy , Italy .
Starzyna ( staˈʐɨna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubicze Cerkiewne , within Hajnówka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
The Norwegian Tax Administration ( Norwegian : Skatteetaten ) is a government agency responsible for resident registration and tax collection in Norway .
The Cardiff Locomotive Workshops were situated between Cockle Creek and Cardiff stations near Newcastle on the Main North railway line in New South Wales , Australia .
Szentlőrinc ( Croatian : Selurinac , Selovrenac , Selurac , Selurince , Selerenac ) is a town in Baranya county , Hungary .
Kumagaya Athletic Stadium ( 熊谷陸上競技場 ) is a multi - use stadium in Kumagaya , Saitama , Japan .
Cheshna Sar ( Persian : چشناسر‎ , also Romanized as Cheshnā Sar and Cheshnāsar ) is a village in Deylaman Rural District , Deylaman District , Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Kemano Generating Station is situated 75 km ( 47 mi ) southeast of Kitimat in the province of British Columbia , Canada .
Matanaka Farm is near Waikouaiti in Otago , New Zealand .
Rivinletto Light is a sector light tower located on Kaasamatala , a small island at the mouth of river Kiiminkijoki in Haukipudas , Oulu , Finland .
Nagygeresd is a village in Vas county , Hungary with a population 266 inhabitants by 1 January 2010 .
Gardoš Tower ( Serbian : Кула на Гардошу ) or Millennium Tower , ( Serbian : Милениумска Кула ) and also known as Kula Sibinjanin Janka ( English : The Tower of Janos Hunyadi Serbian : Кула Сибињанин Јанка ) is a memorial tower located in Belgrade , Serbia .
Levstiki ( pronounced ( ˈleːu̯stiki ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Ribnica in southern Slovenia .
Dutch jazz refers to the jazz music of the Netherlands .
The Data Retention and Investigatory Powers Act 2014 ( also known as DRIP or DRIPA ) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that received Royal Assent on 17 July 2014 , after being introduced on 14 July 2014 .
Gryżyński Potok ( also Gryżynka ) is a river of Poland , a tributary of the Oder .
The Porta San Sebastiano is the largest and one of the best - preserved gates passing through the Aurelian Walls in Rome ( Italy ) .
Hectorspruit ( also Emjejane ) is a small farming town situated between Kaapmuiden and Komatipoort on a southern tributary of the Crocodile River in Mpumalanga , South Africa .
The Apella ( Greek : Ἀπέλλα ) was the popular deliberative assembly in the Ancient Greek city - state of Sparta , corresponding to the ecclesia in most other Greek states .
Zaman - e Sofla ( Persian : زمان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Zamān - e Soflá ; also known as Zamān ) is a village in Jowzam Rural District , Dehaj District , Shahr - e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Mweru Wantipa National Park is named after Lake Mweru Wantipa in the Northern Province of Zambia .
The Dechen Cave ( German : Dechenhöhle ) in Iserlohn , Germany is one of the most beautiful and most visited show caves in Germany .
Sovjak ( Serbian : Совјак ) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Theeyampakkam ( Tamil : தீயம்பாக்கம் ) , is a developing residential area in North Chennai , a metropolitan city in Tamil Nadu , India
Jabłonna Palace ( Polish : Pałac w Jabłonnie ) is a palace , hotel and publicly accessible park - complex in Jabłonna near Warsaw in Poland whose uses include conferences and weddings .
Leißling ( or Leissling ) is a village and a former municipality in the Burgenlandkreis district , in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
The MAN NÖ Open was a men 's professional golf tournament held in Austria .
Lumot Lake , also known as Sierra Lake , is a man - made water reservoir located in the towns of Cavinti and Lumban of Laguna province , in the Sierra Madre Mountains of the Philippines .
Gulehra Gali , also known as New Murree , is a village in Murree Tehsil , Rawalpindi District , Punjab , Pakistan .
Tearce ( Macedonian : Теарце ( ˈtɛ.artsɛ ) , Albanian : Tearca ) is a village located 12 km to the northeast of Tetovo , in northwestern Republic of Macedonia , about 15 kilometres from the border with Kosovo .
Zareh Shuran ( Persian : زره شوران‎ , also Romanized as Zareh Shūrān , Zarehshūrān , and Zereh Shūrān ; also known as Zarshūrān ) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District , Takht - e Soleyman District , Takab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Pinkafeld Airport ( German : Flugplatz Pinkafeld , ICAO : LOGP ) is a private use airport located 2 kilometres ( 1 mi ) north - northwest of Pinkafeld , Burgenland , Austria .
The Belgian railway line 25 is the oldest railway line in Belgium .
Sobolewo - Kolonia ( sɔbɔˈlɛvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Supraśl , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Saraf Hospital is a hospital located at Kochi in Kerala , India .
Mazraeh - ye Qanbarabad ( Persian : مزرعه قنبراباد‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Qanbarābād ) is a village in Aviz Rural District , in the Central District of Farashband County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 130 , in 25 families .
Trewornan is a hamlet north of Wadebridge , Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Old Mine Road is a road in New Jersey and New York said to be one of the oldest continuously used roads in the United States of America .
The Valea lui Sânpătru River ( Hungarian : Szentpéter - pataka ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania , Romania .
Bones Bay is a bay and former locality on the north side of West Cracroft Island in the Johnstone Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia , Canada , on Clio Channel .
The Pasig River Expressway ( PAREX ) is a proposed expressway in Metro Manila , Philippines that will skirt the banks of the Pasig River and connect the City of Manila with the province of Rizal .
Chisasibi ( Cree : ᒋᓵᓰᐲ/Cisâsîpî meaning Great River ) is a village on the eastern shore of James Bay , in the Eeyou Istchee territory in northern Quebec , Canada .
Ture Valleys or Ture 's Valleys ( Swedish : Ture dalar and Tures dalar ) is a nature reserve in the town of Uddevalla , Sweden .
The organisation 's head offices are based in London , but Blind in Business operates on a United Kingdom wide basis .
Manusela National Park is located on Seram island , in the Maluku archipelago of Indonesia .
Posht Mekh ( Persian : پشت مخ‎ , also Romanized as Posht Makh ; also known as Pushtamah and Pushtamikh ) is a village in Gurab Zarmikh Rural District , Mirza Kuchek Janghli District , Sowme'eh Sara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Petite Maine is a canal in eastern France .
Tobruk Airport is an airport in Tobruk , eastern Libya ( IATA : TOB , ICAO : HLGN ) .
The Zec de la Maison - de - Pierre is a `` zone d'exploitation contrôlée '' ( controlled harvesting zone ) ( ZEC ) , located in the unorganized territory Lac - Douaire , in the Antoine - Labelle Regional County Municipality , in Laurentides , in Quebec , in Canada .
Velgast ( Polish Wielgoszcz ) is a municipality in the Vorpommern - Rügen district , in Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
Col de la Givrine ( el . 1228 m. ) is a high mountain pass in the Jura Mountains in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland , near the border with France .
Salami District ( Persian : بخش سلامی‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Khvaf County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The 2013 Canadian Grand Prix ( formally known as the Formula 1 Grand Prix du Canada 2013 ) was a Formula One motor race that took place on 9 June 2013 at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve in Montreal , Canada .
Havarabid ( Persian : هوارابيد‎ , also Romanized as Havārābīd ; also known as Havārbī ) is a village in Lahijan - e Gharbi Rural District , Lajan District , Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Claro M. Recto Avenue , more popularly known as simply Recto Avenue , is the principal commercial thoroughfare in north central Manila , Philippines .
Sde Yitzhak ( Hebrew : שְׂדֵה יִצְחָק , lit . Field of Yitzhak ) is a moshav in northern Israel .
As of 2001 India census , Ram Garh had a population of 4540 .
Gould Lake Conservation Area is a rural conservation area located in the Canadian Shield northwest of Sydenham , Ontario , Canada .
Pagadian , officially the City of Pagadian ( Filipino : Lungsod ng Pagadian ) , is located in Mindanao , Philippines .
Bimalkah ( Arabic : بملكة‎ , also spelled Bmalkyeh ) is a village and suburb in northwestern Syria , administratively part of the Tartus Governorate , located 10 kilometers northeast of Tartus .
Mošovce is one of the largest villages in the historical region of Turiec , currently in the Turčianske Teplice District in the Žilina Region of northern Slovakia .
Damgheh - ye Bozorg ( Persian : دامغه بزرگ‎ , also Romanized as Dāmgheh - ye Bozorg and Damghehe '' Bozorg ) is a village in Mosharrahat Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Tapiola swimming pool is a swimming pool centre in the district of Tapiola in Espoo , Finland .
Khafji Airport ( Arabic : مطار الخفجي‎ ) is a small airfield located southern the city of Khafji in the Eastern Province of Saudi Arabia .
The Millmerran Power Station is a coal - fired power station south of Millmerran in the Darling Downs region of Queensland , Australia .
XEEP - AM ( branded as Radio Educación ) is a radio station based in Mexico City and airing Spanish language educational programming on 1060 kHz , a North American clear - channel frequency .
Toowoomba Airport ( IATA : TWB , ICAO : YTWB ) is an airport located 2.2 nautical miles ( 4.1 km ; 2.5 mi ) northwest from the CBD of Toowoomba , Queensland , Australia .
The cooling towers of Civaux Nuclear Power Plant are 180 metres in height , making them the tallest cooling towers in France .
Łódź Władysław Reymont Airport ( IATA : LCJ , ICAO : EPLL ) , formerly known as Łódź - Lublinek Airport , is a regional airport in central Poland , located approximately 6 km ( 3.7 mi ) southwest of the Łódź city center .
During British India it was a zamindari Many personalities including Indira Gandhi , Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya , Lal Pratap Singh , Sumitranandan Pant , Brajesh Singh , Svetlana Alliluyeva , Dinesh Singh , Ratna Singh were associated with Kalakankar .
The Trisan Centre is a community recreation centre in Schomberg , Ontario , Canada located at the intersection of Dillane Drive and York Regional Road 27 .
Sheykhian - e Shahab ( Persian : شيخيان شهاب‎ , also Romanized as Sheykhīān - e Shahāb ) is a village in Kabgan Rural District , Kaki District , Dashti County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Mirmalegeh Olya ( Persian : ميرمالگه عليا‎ , also Romanized as Mīrmālegeh ʿOlyā ; also known as Mīrmālegeh ) is a village in Kakavand - e Sharqi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
General Pico is a city located in the north - east of La Pampa Province , Argentina .
Delhi School of Management ( DSM ) , India , is the B - School under Delhi Technological University ( formerly , Delhi College of Engineering ) .
The Beacon Herald ( Stratford Beacon - Herald ) is a daily newspaper ( Monday to Saturday ) published in Stratford , Ontario , Canada .
Heythuysen ( pronunciation ) ( Limburgish : Heitse ) is a town in the south - eastern Netherlands .
Yacharam is a village and mandal in Ranga Reddy district in Telangana , India .
Gothic art was a style of Medieval art that developed in Northern France out of Romanesque art in the 12th century AD , led by the concurrent development of Gothic architecture .
Glovertown Museum is a museum located in the small community of Glovertown , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Verkhnyaya Vereya ( Russian : Ве́рхняя Вере́я ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) under the administrative jurisdiction of the work settlement of Vilya in jurisdiction of the town of oblast significance of Vyksa in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast , Russia .
Yengabad - e Chay ( Persian : ينگ ابادچاي‎ , also Romanized as Yengābād - e Chāy ; also known as Yengīābād - e Chā'ī ) is a village in Sheykhdarabad Rural District , in the Central District of Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Distrito Nacional ( Spanish pronunciation : ( disˈtɾito nasjoˈnal ) ) ( D.N. ) is a subdivision of the Dominican Republic enclosing the capital Santo Domingo .
Huachuan County ( simplified Chinese : 桦川县 ; traditional Chinese : 樺川縣 ; pinyin : Huàchuān Xiàn ) is a county of eastern Heilongjiang province , People 's Republic of China .
Willisau is a municipality in the district of Willisau in the Lucerne canton of Switzerland .
Chongyang County ( simplified Chinese : 崇阳县 ; traditional Chinese : 崇陽縣 ; pinyin : Chóngyáng Xiàn ) is a county of southeastern Hubei province , People 's Republic of China , bordering Hunan province to the west .
Bezhetsk ( Russian : Бе́жецк ) is a town and the administrative center of Bezhetsky District in Tver Oblast , Russia , located on the Mologa River at its confluence with the Ostrechina River .
The Sarca is a river springing from the Adamello - Presanella mountains in the Italian Alps and flowing into Lake Garda in Northern Italy .
Andra långgatan ( Second Long Street ) is a street in Gothenburg , Sweden .
Monción is one of the three municipality ( municipio ) of the Santiago Rodríguez province in the Dominican Republic .
The National Maritime Museum ( Dutch : Het Scheepvaartmuseum ) is a maritime museum in Amsterdam in the Netherlands .
Yahel ( Hebrew : יַהֵל ) is a Reform kibbutz in the Arabah region of the Negev desert in the southern part of Israel , 60 miles from the city of Eilat .
The Altes Museum ( German for Old Museum ) is a museum building on Museum Island in Berlin , Germany .
The Herzliya Hebrew Gymnasium ( Hebrew : הגימנסיה העברית הרצליה‎ , HaGymnasia HaIvrit Herzliya , Also known as Gymnasia Herzliya ) , originally known as HaGymnasia HaIvrit ( lit . Hebrew High School ) is a historic high school in Tel Aviv , Israel .
Sarwan Khera is a town in Kanpur Dehat district in the state of Uttar Pradesh , India approximately 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) south of Mati .
Mitha Khel is a village and Union Council in Karak District of Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Dasht - e Loot ( Persian : دشت لوت‎‎ , `` Emptiness Desert '' ) , also spelled Dasht - i - Loot and known as the Loot Desert , is a large salt desert in Kerman Province , Iran and is the world 's 25th largest desert .
Huétor Santillán is a municipality located in the province of Granada , southern Spain .
Skubiki ( skuˈbiki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielawy , within Łowicz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Dolenje Radulje ( pronounced ( dɔˈleːnjɛ ˈɾaːduljɛ ) ; in older sources also Dolenje Radovlje , German : Unterradelstein ) is a village in the Municipality of Škocjan in southeastern Slovenia .
Early Netherlandish painting refers to the work of artists , sometimes known as the Flemish Primitives , active in the Burgundian and Habsburg Netherlands during the 15th- and 16th - century Northern Renaissance ; especially in the flourishing cities of Bruges , Ghent , Tournai and Brussels .
Abomsa is a town in central Ethiopia ; the name comes from the Oromo word for `` friend , comrade '' .
The Houses of the Mayorazgo de Guerrero are buildings in Mexico City located on 16 and 18 Moneda Street , across from the Museum of Cultures , straddling Correo Mayor Street .
Komorniki ( kɔmɔrˈniki ) is a village in Poland , located in Greater Poland Voivodeship , Poznań County , Gmina Komorniki ( Poznań metropolitan area ) , with approximately 5,500 inhabitants .
The Paks Nuclear Power Plant ( Hungarian : Paksi atomerőmű ) , located 5 kilometres ( 3.1 mi ) from Paks , central Hungary , is the first and only operating nuclear power station in Hungary .
Tereitaki is a settlement in located towards the north end of Tabuaeran atoll , Kiribati .
Vasili is a small village in Cyprus , near the Leonarisso and Lythragomi villages .
Nietingsee ( Nieting Lake ) is a lake in Müritz rural district , Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
Club Atlético Colón ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈkluβ aˈtletiko koˈlon ) ) , commonly referred to as Colón de Santa Fe ( koˈlon de santa ˈfe ) , is a sports club from Santa Fe , Argentina .
The 1896 Summer Olympics ( Modern Greek : Θερινοί Ολυμπιακοί Αγώνες 1896 , Therinoí Olympiakoí Agó̱nes 1896 ) , officially known as the Games of the I Olympiad , was a multi - sport event held in Athens , Greece , from 6 to 15 April 1896 .
Corpus Christi Catholic Secondary School ( also called `` Corpus Christi '' or simply `` Corpus '' ) is an educational Catholic high school in Burlington , Ontario , Canada .
Al Duqm Port & Drydock is a seaport located in Oman .
The Czech Cycling Tour is a staged cycling race held annually in the Olomouc region in the Czech Republic .
Kirimäe is a village in Lääne - Nigula Parish , Lääne County , in western Estonia , EU .
The Queen Elisabeth Music Chapel is a Belgian academic institution for artistic training of exceptionally gifted young musicians , which was created by H.M the Queen Elisabeth of Belgium .
The Jordaan is a neighbourhood of the city of Amsterdam , Netherlands .
Font Hill Beach is located in St Elizabeth , on the south coast of Jamaica , between Black River and Whitehouse .
Örebro University Hospital ( Swedish : Universitetssjukhuset Örebro , USÖ ) is a university hospital in Örebro , Sweden .
Värska ( Seto : Verska ) is a small borough ( alevik ) in Värska Parish , Põlva County in southeastern Estonia .
Aşağı Qaraməryam ( also , Ashagy Karamar’yam and Karamar’yam ) is a village and municipality in the Goychay Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Chupli Tappeh ( Persian : چوپلي تپه‎ , also Romanized as Chūplī Tappeh and Chūblī Tappeh ; also known as Tappeh ) is a village in Atrak Rural District , Maneh District , Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Värpinge is a borough in western Lund , Skåne in southern Sweden .
Mae La Noi ( Thai : แม่ลาน้อย ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mae La Noi District , in Mae Hong Son Province , Thailand .
The Frischauf Lodge at Okrešelj ( Slovene : Frischaufov dom na Okrešlju ; 1,378 meters or 4,521 feet ) is a mountain lodge that stands above the Logar Valley in northern Slovenia .
Lubocześnica ( lubɔt͡ʂɛɕˈnit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy , within Szamotuły County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Kyriaki ( Greek : Κυριάκι ) is a village and a community of the Livadeia municipality , Greece .
Gowd Shaneh ( Persian : گودشانه‎ , also Romanized as Gowd Shāneh ) is a village in Fasarud Rural District , in the Central District of Darab County , Fars Province , Iran .
Condom Cathedral ( Cathédrale Saint - Pierre de Condom ) is a Catholic church and a former cathedral , and a national monument of France , located in Condom , Gers .
Tsaghkasar ( Armenian : Ծաղկասար , also Romanized as Tsakhkasar ; formerly , Verkhniy Pirtikan , Verin Pirtikan , and Pirtikyan ) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
Jasieniec Solecki ( jaˈɕɛɲɛt͡s sɔˈlɛt͡ski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń , within Zwoleń County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Mexican Flora and Fauna Protection Areas ( Áreas de Protección de Flora y Fauna in Spanish ) comprise 29 protected natural areas of Mexico administrated by the National Commission of Protected Natural Areas ( Comisión Nacional de Áreas Naturales Protegidas , or CONANP ) , an agency of the federal government .
Eskalera Karakola is a squat in Madrid , Spain , which is held by feminists and works on autogestion principles .
Konolfingen District was a district in the canton of Bern , Switzerland .
Stare Rybitwy - Miszek ( ˈstarɛ rɨˈbitfɨ ˈmiʂɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowniki , within Lipno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Shuzenji Romney Railway is a 15 in ( 381 mm ) gauge pleasure line located in Niji - no - Sato ( Rainbow Park ) in Izu , Shizuoka , on the Izu Peninsula in Japan .
Nygårdstangen is a small peninsula on the southeastern end of the city center of Bergen in Hordaland county , Norway .
The Helsinki University of Technology ( TKK ) ( Finnish : Teknillinen korkeakoulu ; Swedish : Tekniska högskolan ) was a technical university in Finland .
The Münzkabinett is one of the three largest numismatic collections in Germany .
Polar Bear Provincial Park is an isolated wilderness park in the far north of Ontario , Canada .
Huarochirí District ( in hispanicized spelling ) or Waruchiri is one of thirty - two districts of the province Huarochirí in Peru .
DSO National Laboratories ( DSO ) is the national defence research agency of Singapore .
Slamnjak ( pronounced ( ˈslaːmnjak ) ) is a small settlement in the hills south of Ljutomer in northeastern Slovenia .
Band Bast - e Pain ( Persian : بندبست پايين‎ , also Romanized as Band Bast - e Pā’īn ; also known as Band Bast ) is a village in Mobarakabad Rural District , in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County , Fars Province , Iran .
Mali Cvjetnić ( Serbian : Мали Цвјетнић ) is a village in the municipality of Drvar , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Chivay is a town in the Colca valley , capital of the Caylloma province in the Arequipa region , Peru .
Dalaneh ( Persian : دالانه‎ , also Romanized as Dālāneh ; also known as Dowlāneh ) is a village in Soleyman Rural District , Soleyman District , Zaveh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Mekkhaya ( Burmese : မက္ခရာ ; also spelled Mekkara ) is a small town just south of Mandalay , in Mandalay Division , Myanmar .
The K5 Plan , K5 Belt or K5 Project , also known as Bamboo Curtain , was an attempt between 1985 and 1989 by the government of the People 's Republic of Kampuchea to seal Khmer Rouge guerrilla infiltration routes into Cambodia by means of trenches , wire fences , and minefields along virtually the entire Thai--
The Hanover Schützenfest ( German : Schützenfest Hannover ) at Hanover in Germany is the largest marksmen 's funfair in the world .
Total annual precipitation is slightly below 560 mm ( 22 in ) , comparable to the driest parts of the United Kingdom , due to Doncaster 's location in the rain shadow of the Pennines .
Rozdolne Raion ( Ukrainian : Роздольненський район , Russian : Раздольненский район , Crimean Tatar : Aqşeyh rayonı ) is one of the 25 regions of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea , a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and incorporated by Russia as the Republic of Crimea .
Kurikka is a town and municipality of Finland .
Aşağı Əskipara ( also , Ashagy Aksinara , Ashagy Askipara , Ashagy Eskipara , Нижняя Аскипара ( `` Nizhnyaya Askepara '' , Russian ) , Ներքին Ոսկեպար ( `` Nerkin Voskepar '' , Armenian ) -- all meaning `` Lower Askipara '' ) is a destroyed village in the Qazakh Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Bagheshjerd ( Persian : باغشجرد‎ , also Romanized as Bāgheshjerd and Bāgheshgerd ) is a village in Safiabad Rural District , Bam and Safiabad District , Esfarayen County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Solvalla is a horse racing track located in Bromma , Stockholm , Sweden .
The Tuapeka River is located in Otago in the South Island of New Zealand .
Erdgas Ehingen / Urspringschule , also called Ehingen Urspring , is a professional basketball team based in Ehingen , Germany .
Axylou ( Greek : Αξύλου , Turkish : Aksulu ) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus , located 12 north of Acheleia .
Sohr va Firuzan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان سهروفيروزان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Pir Bakran District , Falavarjan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Well known Schools of Shahibaug are Kendriya Vidyalaya No 1 - One of the renowned series of schools in India affiliated with CBSE Kendriya Vidyalaya No 2 - Second Kendriya Vidyalaya school Near Hanuman Camp
Showkatiyeh ( Persian : شوكتيه‎ , also Romanized as Showkatīyeh ) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District , in the Central District of Kashmar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Corumbataí River ( Paraná ) is river of Paraná which is a state in southern Brazil .
Plataria ( Greek : Πλαταριά ) is a coastal village and resort in Thesprotia , Epirus region , Greece .
Maungahaumi is a mountain in the Raukumara Range in the northeast of New Zealand 's North Island .
German submarine U-515 was a Type IXC U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine built for service during World War II . She was commissioned in 1942 and sunk in 1944 .
France established a protectorate in 1889 and annexed Rimatara in 1900 .
Dziemionna ( d͡ʑeˈmjɔnna ) ( German : Minutsdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Wielka , within Bydgoszcz County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Kallavesi is a medium - sized lake in Northern Savonia , eastern Finland located around the town of Kuopio .
Bhalswa Horseshoe Lake , or Bhalswa Jheel , is a lake in northwest Delhi , India .
Korzeniewo ( kɔʐɛˈɲɛvɔ ) ( German Kurzebrack ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwidzyn , within Kwidzyn County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Barbara Baths ( German : Barbarathermen ) are a large Roman bath complex in Trier , Germany .
Nuristan District was a district in eastern Afghanistan .
Mackay North State High School is located in North Mackay , Queensland , Australia and was established in 1964 .
Canas de Santa Maria is a town and a freguesia in the Tondela municipality , Viseu District , Portugal .
The Misa Bridge crosses the Han River in South Korea and connects the cities of Hanam and Namyangju .
Darż ( darʂ ) ( German : Daarz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maszewo , within Goleniów County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Ploéven ( Breton : Ploeven ) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north - western France .
Satka ( Russian : Са́тка ) is a town and the administrative center of Satkinsky District in Chelyabinsk Oblast , Russia , located on the western slope of the Southern Ural Mountains on the bank of the Satka River , 190 kilometers ( 120 mi ) from Chelyabinsk , the administrative center of the oblast .
Jalalpur Jattan ( Urdu : جلالپور جٹاں‎ ) is a small city and municipality of the District Gujrat in the province of Punjab , Pakistan about 20 km distance from Kashmir .
Fiborgtangen is a peninsula and industrial site located along the Trondheimfjord in the northwest part of the village of Skogn in the municipality of Levanger in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Kalateh - ye Hendi ( Persian : كلاته هندي‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Hendī ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Shirvan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Dobromyl ( Ukrainian : Добромиль , Polish : Dobromil ) is a city in Staryi Sambir Raion , Lviv Oblast , Ukraine .
Suri Wayku ( Aymara suri rhea , wayku brook or gorge , `` rhea brook ( or gorge ) '' , hispanicized spelling Surehuayco ) or Suri Wayq'u ( in Quechua ) is a mountain in the Andes of southern Peru , about 4,800 metres ( 15,748 ft ) high .
Ganta United Methodist Hospital is a hospital in Ganta , northeast Liberia .
The Commissioner of Transport for London has management responsibility for Transport for London ( TfL ) and hence for the transport system throughout the City of London and Greater London in the United Kingdom .
Nossegem is a town located near Brussels , the capital of Belgium .
Wanderers Oval , nicknamed Magic Park , is a multi - use sportsground in Newcastle , Australia .
Cederberg Local Municipality is a local municipality which governs an area of the Western Cape province of South Africa stretching from the Cederberg mountains through the middle valley of the Olifants River to the Atlantic coast .
Siahti Kalat ( Persian : سياه تي كلات‎ , also Romanized as Sīāhtī Kalāt ) is a village in Abtar Rural District , in the Central District of Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Chemama is the name of the region along Northern bank of the Senegal River , in Mauritania , a fertile band of land extending sixteen to thirty - two kilometers north of the river and containing alluvial soil .
Eye Weekly was a free weekly newspaper published in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
The Public Transport Users Association is a community - based public transport lobby group in Victoria , Australia , based in Melbourne .
The Lion of Belfort is a monumental sculpture by Frédéric Bartholdi , sculptor of the Statue of Liberty in New York , located in Belfort , France .
Nevado Queva is a mountain in the Andes mountain range of South America , located in the Salta Province of Argentina .
The Train Touristique du Cotentin is a heritage railway and voluntary association in Basse - Normandie , France .
Andaeuk Haeb ( Khmer : ឃុំអណ្តើកហែប ) is a khum ( commune ) of Rotanak Mondol District in Battambang Province in north - western Cambodia .
The Main Directorate for Reconnaissance ( German : Hauptverwaltung Aufklärung , or HVA ) was the foreign intelligence service of the former German Democratic Republic ( GDR , `` East Germany '' ) and was an integral part of the GDR Ministry of State Security , commonly known as the Stasi .
Farrokh Dasht ( Persian : فرخ دشت‎ ; also known as Meshkīnābād ) is a village in Mashiz Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Canterbury Falls is a 9-metre ribbon waterfall that flows year round in Ancaster in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
The Baku Puppet Theatre ( formally Abdulla Shaig Azerbaijan State Puppet Theatre , Azerbaijani : Abdulla Şaiq adına Azərbaycan Dövlət Kukla Teatrı ) is located on Neftchiler Avenue of Baku .
The Magura Cave ( Bulgarian : Магурата ) ( from Romanian magura , `` hill '' ) is located in north - western Bulgaria close to the village of Rabisha , 25 kilometres from the town of Belogradchik in Vidin Province .
Tang - e Anar - e Vosta ( Persian : تنگ اناروسطي‎ , also Romanized as Tang - e Anār - e Vosţá ; also known as Tang - e Anār ) is a village in Poshteh - ye Zilayi Rural District , Sarfaryab District , Charam County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Jalan Palong 16-Tembangau , Federal Route 1579 , is a federal road in Pahang and Negeri Sembilan state , Malaysia .
Veliuona is a small town on the Nemunas River in the Jurbarkas district municipality in Lithuania .
Moormerland is a municipality in the Leer District , in Lower Saxony , northwestern Germany .
The 2012 Yangzhou earthquake occurred in Jiangsu Province of the People 's Republic of China at 20:11(UTC+8 ) in Yangzhou on July 20 .
Pęcice Małe ( pɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowice , within Pruszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Shkurinskaya ( Russian : Шкуринская ) is a rural locality ( a stanitsa ) in Kushchyovsky District of Krasnodar Krai , Russia .
Manče ( pronounced ( ˈmaːntʃɛ ) ) is a village in the upper Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Vipava in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Ərəbcəbirli ( also , Arabdzhabirli and Arab Dzhabirly ) is a municipality in the Goychay Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Vogričevci ( pronounced ( ʋɔˈɡɾiːtʃɛu̯tsi ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Ljutomer in northeastern Slovenia .
Mazraeh - ye Puram Shahadi Anhas ( Persian : مزرعه پورمشهدي انحاس‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Pūram Shahadī Ānḩās ) is a village in Anarestan Rural District , Chenar Shahijan District , Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 17 , in 5 families .
Sønderborg Airport ( Danish : Sønderborg Lufthavn ) ( IATA : SGD , ICAO : EKSB ) is an airport located in Sønderborg , Denmark .
Słabkowice ( swapkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko - Zdrój , within Busko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Utirik Airport is a public use airstrip on Utirik Island in Utirik Atoll , Marshall Islands .
Château de Pourtalès is a château situated in the département of Bas - Rhin , Alsace , France .
Including connected dry caves and Sistema Dos Ojos makes Sistema Sac Actun with 319 kilometers ( 198 mi ) the longest cave in Mexico and the second longest worldwide .
CeReFiM ( Center for Research in Finance and Management ) is a research center attached to the University of Namur in Belgium .
Suche Lipie ( ˈsuxɛ ˈlipjɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudnik , within Krasnystaw County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Para Qeshlaq - e Sofla ( Persian : پاراقشلاق سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Pārā Qeshlāq - e Soflá ; also known as Pāreh Qeshlāq - e Soflā ) is a village in Anjirlu Rural District , in the Central District of Bileh Savar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Mohyliv - Podilskyi ( Ukrainian : Могилів-Подільський , Russian : Могилёв-Подо́льский , Polish : Mohylów Podolski , Romanian : Moghilǎu / Movilǎu , Yiddish : מאָהילעװ‎ ) is a city in the Mohyliv - Podilskyi Raion ( district ) of the Vinnytsia Oblast ( province ) , Ukraine .
Opočno Castle ( Czech : zámek Opočno ) is a complex of buildings comprising a former aristocratic residence located in the East Bohemian town of Opočno , Czech Republic .
Poniaty Wielkie ( pɔˈɲatɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Winnica , within Pułtusk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Temoaya is a town and municipality in Mexico State , Mexico , It is located 18 kilometres ( 11 mi ) from Toluca and 85 kilometres ( 53 mi ) from Mexico City .
Santa Cruz de la Zarza is a village and municipality in the province of Toledo , part of the autonomous community of Castile - La Mancha , Spain , located northeast of Mesa de Ocaña and south of the river Tagus .
Tekka Centre is a multi - use building complex comprising a wet market , food centre and shops , located in the northern corner of Bukit Timah Road and Serangoon Road , in Little India , Singapore .
Telopea Park School ( French : ' ' Lycée Franco - Australien de Canberra '' ) is a public school in Canberra , Australia .
Rudy Landscape Park ( full name Park Krajobrazowy Cysterskie Kompozycje Krajobrazowe Rud Wielkich : `` Landscape Park of the Cistercian Landscape Compositions of Rudy Wielkie '' ) is a protected area ( Landscape Park ) in southern Poland , established in 1993 , covering an area of 493.87 square kilometres ( 190.68 sq mi ) .
Sen Sen ( Persian : سن سن‎ , also Romanized as Sansen ; also known as Sinsin ) is a village in Miyandasht Rural District , in the Central District of Kashan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Aldersbach Abbey ( Kloster Aldersbach ) is a former Cistercian monastery in the community of Aldersbach in the district of Passau in the valley of the Vils , Lower Bavaria , Germany .
Zvirče ( pronounced ( zʋiɾˈtʃɛ ) ; German : Swirtschach ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Tanbalan ( Persian : تنبلان‎ , also Romanized as Tanbalān ) is a village in Zarabad - e Gharbi Rural District , Zarabad District , Konarak County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Giza ( /ˈɡiːzə/ ; sometimes spelt Gizah or Jizah ; Coptic : ⲅⲓⲍⲁ Giza ; Egyptian Arabic : الجيزة el - Gīza ) , is the third - largest city in Egypt .
Bystřice nad Pernštejnem ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈbɪstr̝̊ɪtsɛ ˈnat pɛrnʃtɛjnɛm ) ; German : Bistritz ob Pernstein ) is a town in the Vysočina Region , Czech Republic .
Tech College Aalborg , is a school in the city of Aalborg , in North Jutland in Denmark .
Mokpo National Maritime University is a national university located in Mokpo , South Korea .
DIO Groningen is a football club from Groningen in the province Groningen , Netherlands .
Koperniki ( ( kɔpɛrˈniki ) ; formerly German Köppernig , Köppernick ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nysa , within Nysa County , Opole Voivodeship , in southwestern Poland .
Strmol Castle ( German : Burg Stermol , Slovene : Grad Strmol ) is a castle located at the foot of Dvorjanski hrib ( `` Mansion Hill '' ) near the villages of Češnjevek , Grad and Dvorje , in the municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem , Slovenia .
New Plymouth is the major city of the Taranaki Region on the west coast of the North Island of New Zealand .
Thessalon Municipal Airport , ( TC LID : CPL5 ) , is located 3 nautical miles ( 5.6 km ; 3.5 mi ) north of Thessalon , Ontario , Canada .
Rostov Metro ( Russian : Ростовский Метрополитен ) is a planned rapid transit system in Rostov - on - Don , Russia .
Petrelë is a village and a former municipality 15 km south of Tirana , in central Albania .
The Bonifraterska Street in Warsaw , Poland , is one of the main streets of Warsaw 's New Town , stretching from Długa Street and the Krasiński Palace to Słomiński street .
Maromaku is a locality in the Northland Region of the North Island of New Zealand .
Harcourt Park is a non - profit cottaging corporation in Ontario , Canada , composed of 6,900 acres ( 28 km2 ) of land , 18 lakes , and 600 surveyed properties that are individually leased in favour of private ownership .
Vargas Island Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , comprising the west side of the island of the same name , which is located west of Meares Island and northwest of the resort community of Tofino in the Clayoquot Sound region of the West Coast of Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada .
Złotniki Wielkie ( zwɔtˈniki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelazków , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Subotinje ( Cyrillic : Суботиње ) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Qbuzz is a public transport bus company in the Netherlands that operates services in Utrecht , Drenthe , Groningen , and Friesland .
Kariega River ( Afrikaans : Kariegarivier ) is a river located in the Eastern Cape province South Africa .
Deh Sang ( Persian : ده سنگ‎ ) is a village in Mazul Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Spodnje Duplje ( pronounced ( ˈspoːdnjɛ duˈpljɛ ) or ( ˈspoːdnjɛ ˈduːpljɛ ) ; German : Unterduplach ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Naklo in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Blundell Park is the lowest football stadium in the United Kingdom , at a height of only 2 feet above sea - level .
The Hakataramea River flows generally south through the Hakataramea Valley , which is separated from the more inland Mackenzie Basin by the Kirkliston Range in Canterbury , New Zealand .
Jalan Nyalas , ( Malacca state route M15 or Negeri Sembilan state route N15 ) is a major road in Malacca and Negeri Sembilan state , Malaysia .
San Lorenzo in Damaso ( Saint Lawrence in the House of Damasus ) is a basilica church in central Rome , Italy .
According to the United Kingdom Census 2001 , 69 % of the 950 people who lived within Newcastle Emlyn spoke fluent Welsh , although the percentage fell rapidly in the following decade to 53.7 % as the town 's population increased to 1,138 residents aged 3 or over by 2011 .
Novosil ( Russian : Новоси́ль ) is a town and the administrative center of Novosilsky District in Oryol Oblast , Russia , located on the right bank of the Zusha River 70 kilometers ( 43 mi ) east of Oryol , the administrative center of the oblast .
Mazraeh - ye Shahid Dast Gheyb ( Persian : مزرعه شهيددستغيب‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Shahīd Dast Gheyb ) is a village in Rostaq Rural District , in the Central District of Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 80 , in 20 families .
The Pointe de Grave ( in occitan : Punta de Grava ) is the northernmost tip of the Médoc Peninsula and marks the Northern end of the pine - clad sandy Landes coastline of Western France .
Sir Kuh ( Persian : سيركوه‎ , also Romanized as Sīr Kūh ) is a village in Satar Rural District , Kolyai District , Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Sinder , sometimes formerly spelled Zinder , is a village and rural commune in Niger .
Esslingen am Neckar is a city in the Stuttgart Region of Baden - Württemberg in southern Germany , capital of the District of Esslingen as well as the largest city in the district .
Repuš ( pronounced ( ɾɛˈpuːʃ ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Dobje in eastern Slovenia .
Predajná is a village and municipality in the Brezno District , of the Banská Bystrica Region , located in central Slovakia .
The InterContinental Paris Le Grand Hotel is a historic hotel in Paris , France , opened in 1862 .
Lemyethna ( Burmese : လေးမျက်နှာမြို့ ) is a town in the Ayeyarwady Division of south - west Myanmar .
Naletale ( or Nalatale ) are ruins located about 25 kilometres east of Shangani in Matabeleland north , Zimbabwe and just north of the Dhlo Dhlo ruins .
The Christian Democratic Appeal ( Dutch : Christen - Democratisch Appèl , pronounced ( krɪstə(n)deːmoːkraːtis ɑˈpɛl ) ; CDA ) is a Christian - democratic political party in the Netherlands founded in 1977 , which participated in all but three governments since then .
Mudigonda ( Telugu : ముదిగొండ ) is a town and revenue - divisional headquarters located 14 km from Khammam , the headquarters of the Khammam District of Telangana , India .
Gimach ( Persian : گيمچ‎ , also Romanized as Gīmach ; also known as Gīmajg ) is a village in Gowharan Rural District , Gowharan District , Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Dzimtmisa is a village in Iecava Municipality in the historical region of Zemgale , and the Zemgale Planning Region in Latvia .
Hualahuises is a small town in the state of Nuevo León , in northern Mexico .
The Monastery of the Angels is the cloistered convent of a Roman Catholic religious order for women in Karachi , Pakistan .
The Cathedral Church of St. Fachtna , Ross is a cathedral of the Church of Ireland in Rosscarbery , County Cork in Ireland .
Manang Airport ( IATA : NGX , ICAO : VNMA ) is an airport serving Manang valley , a town in the Manang district of the Gandaki zone in Nepal .
Tiên Phước Camp ( also known as Tiên Phước Special Forces Camp ) is a former U.S. Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam ( ARVN ) base southwest of Tam Kỳ in central Vietnam .
Pasing is a district in the city of Munich , Germany , and part of the borough Pasing - Obermenzing .
Shineh - ye Sharifabad ( Persian : شينه شريف آباد‎ , also Romanized as Shīneh - ye Sharīfābād ) is a village in Naran Rural District , in the Central District of Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Baetov ( Kyrgyz : Баетов , Russian : Баетово ) , ( until 1980 Dyurbeldjin ) is a village and a center of Ak - Talaa District in the Naryn Province of Kyrgyzstan .
Gol Mavaran ( Persian : گل ماوران‎ , also Romanized as Gol Māvarān ) is a village in Dasht - e Bil Rural District , in the Central District of Oshnavieh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Zhavehrud Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ژاورود‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Kamyaran County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Nerlandsøy Bridge ( Norwegian : Nerlandsøybrua ) is a bridge that crosses the Søre Vaulen strait between the islands of Bergsøya and Nerlandsøya in the municipality of Herøy in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
The Monte Arci is an isolated massif in the Uras plain in Campidano , Sardinia , Italy .
The Jatayu Conservation Breeding Centre , Pinjore ( JCBC ) , ( Hindi : जटायु गिध संरक्षण एवं प्रजनन केँद्र ) is a facility within Bir Shikargah Wildlife Sanctuary for the breeding and conservation of Indian vultures ( गिध ) in the State of Haryana , India , in Panchkula district in the town of Pinjore .
The ruins of a historical site named Dargot is located in Drijat , which is on the Israel National Trail .
The River Bain is very susceptible to flooding and many floods have occurred during its history , about once every 30 - -50 years , the most recent being the 2007 United Kingdom floods , when the river overtopped its banks all along its course .
Moissannes ( Occitan : Moissanas ) is a commune in the Haute - Vienne department in the Limousin region in west - central France .
Weston Collegiate Institute is a Grade 9 to 12 public high school located in the York South - Weston area of Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Shaklabad ( Persian : شكل اباد‎ , also Romanized as Shaklābād ) is a village in Margavar Rural District , Silvaneh District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Ljungarum Church ( Swedish : Ljungarums kyrka ) is a church building in Jönköping in Sweden .
The Kharkiv Choral Synagogue ( Ukrainian : Харківська хоральна синагога ) is a synagogue located in Kharkiv , Ukraine , the largest in the country , and a building of architectural significance .
Kleinsee ( German : Kleinsee ) ( Slovene : Malo Jezero ) is a lake in municipality of Sankt Kanzian in Carinthia , Austria .
Carbó is the municipal seat of Carbó Municipality of the state of Sonora , Mexico .
St Aloysius Convent of Mercy is a former Catholic convent located on Stirling Terrace in Toodyay , Western Australia , part of a larger site owned by the Church .
The city is home to a national university in Myanmar Maritime University , and local universities in the University of East Yangon and Technological University , Thanlyin .
The Klov Palace ( Ukrainian : Кловський палац ) is the seat of the Supreme Court of Ukraine in Kiev .
Shahrak - e Aras ( Persian : شهرك ارس ‎ ; also known as Shahrak - e Sadāras and Shahrak ) is a village in Gejlarat - e Sharqi Rural District , Aras District , Poldasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kapandriti ( Greek : Καπανδρίτι ) is a town in the north of East Attica in Greece .
The Parc des Combes is a park located in Le Creusot , in Burgundy , France .
Melløs is a borough of the city Moss in Norway .
The University of Toliara is historically the oldest center for higher education , founded in 1971 after the decentralization of the University of Madagascar center .
Cartajima is a small village and municipality in the province of Málaga , part of the autonomous community of Andalusia in southern Spain .
Abu Basma Regional Council ( Hebrew : מועצה אזורית אבו בסמה‎ , Moatza Ezorit Abu Basma , Arabic : مجلس إقليمي أبو بسمة‎ , Majlis Iqlimi Abu Basma ) was a regional council operating in 2003 - 2012 and covering several Bedouin villages in the northwestern Negev desert of Israel .
Trnovlje pri Socki ( pronounced ( təɾˈnoːu̯ljɛ pɾi ˈsoːtski ) ) is a settlement in the hills east of Socka in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia .
Lake Runanga is one of two small lakes ( the other being Lake Oingo ) located to the west of the city of Hastings in the Hawke 's Bay Region of the eastern North Island of New Zealand .
Ras Banas ( Greek : Lepte Akra , Egyptian Arabic : راس بناس pronounced ( ɾɑːs bæˈnæːs ) ) is a peninsula in Egypt extending into the Red Sea .
Gornje Međuše ( Serbian : Горње Међуше ) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Reza Abbasi Museum ( Persian : موزه رضا عباسی ) is a museum in Tehran , Iran .
The Fort de Lantin is one of twelve forts built as part of the Fortifications of Liège in the late 19th century in Belgium .
Under Army 2020 , the Media Operations Group became a unit within the newly formed 77th Brigade ( United Kingdom ) .
Rumonge is the capital of Rumonge Province , Burundi , and is located on the shores of Lake Tanganyika .
Lendavske Gorice ( Hungarian : Lendvahegy ) is a settlement in the hills immediately east of Lendava in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia .
Franckowa Buda ( frant͡sˈkɔva ˈbuda ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Chaa Creek is a tributary of the Macal River in the Cayo District in western Belize .
Okuru is the name of a locality on the West Coast of New Zealand .
Freilichtspiele Altusried is an open - air theatre in Altusried , Bavaria , Germany .
Pamporovo ( Bulgarian : Пампорово ) is a popular ski resort in Smolyan Province , southern Bulgaria , one of the best - known in Southeastern Europe .
Jabbar Kandi ( Persian : جباركندي‎ , also Romanized as Jabbār Kandī ; also known as ʿAntar Kandī - ye Soflá ) is a village in Chaldoran - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Chaldoran County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Auls ( ˈauls ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kuźnica , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Sirmium was located on the Sava river , on the site of modern Sremska Mitrovica in Vojvodina province , northern Serbia .
Anbaqin ( Persian : عنبقين‎ , also Romanized as Anbaqīn ; also known as `` Amaqīn , Ambakin , and Ammehghin ) is a village in Khandan Rural District , Tarom Sofla District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 177 , in 65 families .
Ratac or Ratac Abbey ( Italian : Santa Maria de Rotezo , Serbian : Манастир Богородице Ратачке ) was a fortified monastic complex on the coast of the peninsula between Bar and Sutomore in modern - day Montenegro .
Budersberg ( Luxembourgish : Butschebuerg ) is a small town in the commune of Dudelange , in southern Luxembourg .
Bjøllåga ( Bell River ) is a river in the municipality of Rana in Nordland , Norway .
The Castelltallat range ( catalan language : Serra de Castelltallat ) is located in central Catalonia ( Spain ) between the counties of Bages and Solsonès , occupying an area of about 65 square kilometers .
Kieler Yacht - Club ( Kiel Yacht Club ) is one of the oldest yacht clubs in Germany .
The Bund der Deutschen Katholischen Jugend ( BDKJ ) is the umbrella of Catholic youth organizations in Germany .
Weenen ( Dutch for `` to weep '' ) is the second oldest European settlement in KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa .
The Challenger Mountains are a mountain range on Ellesmere Island in Nunavut , Canada .
The Cape Bruny Lighthouse is an inactive lighthouse located at the southern tip of Bruny Island , Tasmania , Australia .
Vimercate is a city and comune in the province of Monza and Brianza , Lombardy , northern Italy .
The Roman - Gaul Baths of Entrammes ( Thermes gallo - romains d'Entrammes in French ) is a group of Gallo - Roman thermal baths in Entrammes , Mayenne , France .
Hämeenkyrö Airfield ( ICAO : EFHM ) is an airfield in Hämeenkyrö , Finland , about 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ; 8 mi ) northwest of Hämeenkyrö centre .
The Phalgu or Falgu , a river that flows past Gaya , India in the Indian state of Bihar , is a sacred river for Hindus and Buddhists .
The Störtebeker Festival ( German : Störtebeker - Festspiele ) is an annual open - air theatre festival in Germany .
Shamwari Game Reserve is located 75 km outside Port Elizabeth , Eastern Cape , South Africa .
Tairunnessa Memorial Medical College ( TMMC ) ( Bengali : তাইরুন্নেসা মেমোরিয়াল মেডিকেল কলেজ ) is a private medical school in Bangladesh , established in 1995 .
Łąka Prudnicka ( ˈwɔnka prudˈnit͡ska ) ( German : Gräflich Wiese ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prudnik , within Prudnik County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the Czech border .
The Christchurch Northern Motorway is a motorway north of Christchurch , New Zealand , linking the northern Christchurch suburb of Belfast with Pineacres , between Woodend and Kaiapoi , bypassing the Kaiapoi area .
Ahar ( Persian : اهر‎ , Azerbaijani : ' Əhər - اهر ' ) is a city in and the capital of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Reichstag building ( German : Reichstagsgebäude ; officially : Plenarbereich Reichstagsgebäude ) is a historical edifice in Berlin , Germany , constructed to house the Imperial Diet ( German : Reichstag ) , of the German Empire .
Goudouko is a town in southern Ivory Coast .
The Navisbach is a small river that flows through the Navistal ( Navis valley ) , in Tyrol , Austria .
Modi'in Central Railway Station ( Hebrew : תחנת הרכבת מודיעין מרכז‎ , Tahanat HaRakevet Modi'in Merkaz ) is an Israel Railways passenger terminal and one of two stations serving the residents of Modi'in ( the other being Paatei Modi'in ) .
Magdalensee is a small lake east of the Carinthian city of Villach , Austria .
Spodnje Gorje ( pronounced ( ˈspoːdnjɛ ˈɡɔːɾjɛ ) ) is the largest settlement in the Municipality of Gorje in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Arzhan District ( Persian : بخش ارژن‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Kyiv Mohyla Business School ( kmbs ) is a business school in Ukraine .
Yttertavle is a small locality situated in Umeå Municipality , Västerbotten County , Sweden , with 75 inhabitants in 2005 .
Storozhynets ( Ukrainian : Сторожинець , translit . Storozhynets '' , see other names below ) is a small city located in Chernivtsi Oblast of western Ukraine , north of the border with Romania .
Nowy Barcik ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈbart͡ɕik ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sanniki , within Gostynin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Tuasivi is a village situated on the north east coast of Savai'i island in Samoa .
The Port of Szczecin ( ˈʂt͡ʂɛt͡ɕin ) ( in Polish generally Port Szczecin ) is a Polish seaport and deep water harbour in Szczecin , Poland .
Sveta Trojica v Slovenskih Goricah ( pronounced ( ˈsveːta tɾɔˈjiːtsa ʍ slɔˈveːnskiɣ ɡɔˈɾiːtsax ) ; Slovene : Sveta Trojica v Slovenskih goricah ) is a settlement and a municipality in northeastern Slovenia .
Karad Airport ( ICAO : VA1 M ) is located in Satara district of Maharashtra state in India .
The Trondhjem Hospital ( Norwegian : Trondhjems Hospital ; colloquially : Hospitalet ) is a charitable foundation in Trondheim , Norway .
Colonia 18 de Julio is a caserío ( hamlet ) in the Salto Department of northwestern Uruguay .
Macquarie Fields High School ( abbreviated MFHS ) is a co - educational , academically selective high school in Macquarie Fields , Sydney , Australia .
Wolgast ( German pronunciation : ( ˈvɔlɡast ) ) is a town in the district of Vorpommern - Greifswald , in Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
Kashasha is a village on the western coast of Lake Victoria in the Muleba District of the Kagera Region , Tanzania , near the border of Uganda .
Adolf Fredrik 's Music School ( Swedish : Adolf Fredriks Musikklasser ) is a general municipal junior high school ( Swedish : grundskola ) in Stockholm , Sweden with a focus on choral music .
The Cromwell Gorge is a deep gorge on the Clutha River in the Otago region of New Zealand 's South Island .
Jaktorów - Kolonia ( jakˈtɔruf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jaktorów , within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Château de Beaumont - sur - Oise is a ruined medieval castle in the commune of Beaumont - sur - Oise in the Val - d'Oise département of France .
The Dampfbahn Fränkische Schweiz e. V. ( Franconian Switzerland Steam Railway Co. Ltd. ) or DFS is a German museum railway based in Ebermannstadt in Franconian Switzerland , part of northern Bavaria , Germany .
Baltinava is a village in and the center of Baltinava municipality , Latvia .
The Glatt Valley ( German : Glattal or Glatttal ) is a region and a river valley in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland .
Şurud ( also , Şurut , Shurud , and Shurut ) is a village and municipality in the Julfa Rayon of Nakhchivan , Azerbaijan .
Wafra ( Arabic : الوفرة‎ ) is the southernmost area in Kuwait .
The 12th arrondissement of Paris ( also known as `` arrondissement de Reuilly '' ) is one of the 20 arrondissements ( administrative districts ) of the capital city of France .
Lublin Voivodeship , or Lublin Province ( in Polish , województwo lubelskie ( vɔjɛˈvut͡stfɔ luˈbɛlskʲɛ ) ) , is a voivodeship , or province , located in southeastern Poland .
Antarcticfjellet is a mountain range at the island of Bjørnøya of the Svalbard archipelago , Norway .
Aqa Morad ( Persian : اقامراد‎ , also Romanized as Āqā Morād ) is a village in Arshaq - e Markazi Rural District , Arshaq District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Bondamunda railway station ( IR Station code : BNDM ) is an important railway station under Chakradharpur division of South Eastern Railway ( India ) zone of Indian Railways .
Phuket International Airport ( ) is an airport serving Phuket Province of Thailand .
Tandubato is an island - barangay in Tandubas , Philippines , one of the smaller islands of the Tawi - Tawi group , of the Sulu Archipelago .
San Giorgio a Cremano is a primarily residential town and comune in the Metropolitan City of Naples , in Italy .
The Bay of Vlorë is a bay in southern Albania and the largest in the country .
Sansum Narrows is a strait or channel between Vancouver Island ( W ) and Saltspring Island ( E ) in the Southern Gulf Islands region of British Columbia , Canada .
The Argentan Abbey ( French : Abbaye Notre - Dame d'Argentan ) is an 11th - century Benedictine abbey in Argentan , France .
Nišići ( Serbian : Нишићи ) is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Hrastek ( pronounced ( ˈxɾaːstək ) ) is a small settlement in the Gorjanci Hills in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
The Berach River , a tributary of the Banas River , is a river of Rajasthan state in western India .
The Plains of Abraham ( French : Plaines d'Abraham ) is a historic area within The Battlefields Park in Quebec City , Quebec , Canada .
Lake Tsimanampetsotsa ( French : Lac Tsimanampetsotsa ) is a saline lake in the Toliara Province , southwestern part of Madagascar .
Rubtsovsk Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт Рубцовск ) ( ICAO : UNBR ) is an airport in Russia located 6 km north of Rubtsovsk .
Wola Cygowska ( ˈvɔla t͡sɨˈɡɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne , within Wołomin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Jereka ( pronounced ( jɛˈɾeːka ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Bohinj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Wieselburg is a town in Lower Austria , Austria , located near the River Erlauf .
The Sans - Souci Palace is a palace in Haiti in the town of Milot , Nord Department .
The Christian Democratic National Peasants ' Party ( Romanian : Partidul Național Țărănesc Creștin Democrat , PNȚ - CD ) is a Christian democratic and agrarian political party in Romania .
Amitabha Monastery is a Tibetan Buddhist monastery in Nepal .
Sinharaja Forest Reserve is a national park and a biodiversity hotspot in Sri Lanka .
The Malacca International Trade Centre ( MITC ; Malay : Pusat Perdagangan Antarabangsa Melaka ) is a convention centre situated in Ayer Keroh , a small town in the state of Malacca , Malaysia .
Wallis Lake , an open and trained wave dominated barrier estuary , is located within the Great Lakes local government area in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales , Australia .
Vantaa ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈʋɑntɑː ) ; Swedish : Vanda ) is a city and municipality in Finland .
The Transport Accident and Incident Investigation Bureau ( TAIIB , Latvian : Transporta nelaimes gadījumu un incidentu izmeklēšanas birojs ) is a government agency of Latvia that investigates transport accidents and incidents .
The 1905 Bolnai earthquake occurred in or near the Asgat Sum of Zavkhan Province in Mongolia on 23 July .
The Takaka Aerodrome serves the town of Takaka , in the South Island of New Zealand .
Gandakha is a town of Jafarabad District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan Pakistan .
Halali - ye Mansur ( Persian : هلالي منصور‎ , also Romanized as Halālī - ye Manşūr ; also known as Halālī - ye Manşūrī ) is a village in Kaki Rural District , Kaki District , Dashti County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Fishvar ( Persian : فيشور‎‎ , also Romanized as Fīshvar)is in , Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
North Solitary Island Light is an active lighthouse on North Solitary Island , a large island off the coast of New South Wales , Australia .
Swedish Dancesport Federation ( DSF ) administers all dancesport in Sweden .
Lidingö is an island in the inner Stockholm archipelago , northeast of Stockholm , Sweden .
Trans - Tasman is an adjective used primarily in Australia and New Zealand , which signifies an interrelationship between both countries .
Tebhapadar is a village of Birmaharajpur subdivision of Subarnapur district of Orissa , India .
Niesky ( -German , Sorbian / Polish : Niska ) is a small town in Upper Lusatia in eastern the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
Fashalanj ( Persian : فشالنج‎ , also Romanized as Fashālanj and Fashālenj ; also known as Fashālaj , Fashalani , and Fīshehlānī ) is a village in Qaqazan - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Takestan County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Tharuvana is a small town in Vellamunda Panchayath of Wayanad district , Kerala , India .
The Sajó ( Hungarian ) or Slaná ( Slovak ) is a river in Slovakia and Hungary .
Płoski ( ˈpwɔski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz , within Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Kharkiv North Airport ( ICAO : UKHV ) ( also known as Kharkiv Sokolniki Airport ) is an airport in Ukraine located 4 km north of Kharkiv .
CHCA - TV was a television station in Red Deer , Alberta , Canada .
' The Dow Jones Islamic Market Index ' ( DJIM ) , launched in 1999 in Bahrain , was the first index created for investors seeking investments in compliance with Muslim Sharia law .
Mali Gaber ( pronounced ( ˈmaːli ˈɡaːbəɾ ) ; German : Kleingaber ) is a small village northwest of Veliki Gaber in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia .
Bartno ( ˈbartnɔ ) ( German : Reichbarten ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małdyty , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Baljek Airport ( ICAO : VETU ) ( also known as Tura Airport ) is a public airport located at Baljek , 33 km ( 21 mi ) North - east of Tura in Meghalaya , India .
Bonke is one of the woredas in the Southern Nations , Nationalities , and Peoples ' Region of Ethiopia .
The Ventspils Coach Terminal ( Latvian : Ventspils autoosta ; often abbreviated Ventspils AO ) is the central bus station for inter - city services in Ventspils , Latvia .
Havelock Airport ( TC LID : CCS5 ) , is adjacent to the community of Havelock , New Brunswick , Canada .
Castrocontrigo ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈkastɾokonˈtɾiɣo ) ) is a municipality located in the province of León , Castile and León , Spain , 80 km far from the province capital .
In recent years , Kishangarh has come to be known as the marble city of India .
Nea Chalkidona ( Greek : Νέα Χαλκηδόνα , meaning New Chalcedon ) is a suburb of Athens , Greece .
Vashkan Chan ( Persian : وشكان چان‎ , also Romanized as Vashkān Chān ; also known as Vāshkān Jān , Vashkānjān , and Vashkonchān ) is a village in Ashar Rural District , Ashar District , Mehrestan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Hasangazi ( formerly Lu'lu'a , Lulu , or Lüle ) is a village of the district Ulukışla in the Central Anatolia region of Turkey .
Danish national road 21 is a road going from Copenhagen , Denmark to Randers , Denmark .
Hodayot ( Hebrew : הוֹדָיוֹת ) ( lit . `` Thanksgiving '' ) is a religious boarding school and youth village in the Lower Galilee , Israel .
Zemidan ( Persian : زميدان‎ , also Romanized as Zemīdān , Zamīdān , and Zomeydan ) is a village in Layl Rural District , in the Central District of Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Zagros Paleolithic Museum ( Persian : موزه پارینه‌سنگی زاگرس‎ ) is a museum in Kermanshah , Iran , established in 2008 .
Greater Hume Shire is a local government area in the Riverina region of southern New South Wales , Australia .
Aumeisteri Manor ( Latvian : Aumeisteru muižas pils ) , also called Aumeistari Manor , is a manor house built by Baron Johann von Wulf in the historical region of Vidzeme , northern Latvia , after 1750 and reconstructed in 1793 .
Komagfjord Church ( Norwegian : Komagfjord kirke ) is a parish church in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Montazeriyeh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان منتظريه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Conquerville ( also known as Maleb ) is an unincorporated community in the County of Forty Mile No . 8 , Alberta , Canada .
Ivanci ( Hungarian : Zalaivánd ) is a small village southeast of Bogojina in the Municipality of Moravske Toplice in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia .
Mangatainoka is a small settlement in the Tararua District of New Zealand 's North Island .
Eferding Airport ( German : Flugplatz Eferding , ICAO : LOLE ) is a private use airport located 4 kilometres ( 2.5 mi ) northwest of Eferding , Oberösterreich , Austria .
Marinduque ( Tagalog pronunciation : ( marinˈduke ) ) is an island province in the Philippines located in MIMAROPA ( Region IV - B ) region .
Net Deception ( Traditional Chinese : 追魂交易 ) is a Hong Kong television crime drama serial released overseas in January 2004 and broadcast on Hong Kong 's Jade network from 17 May to 9 June 2006 .
Prada Marfa is a permanently installed sculpture by artists Elmgreen and Dragset , situated 1.4 miles ( 2.3 km ) northwest of Valentine , Texas , just off U.S. Highway 90 ( US 90 ) , and about 26 miles ( 42 km ) northwest of the city of Marfa .
The Amanda Show is an American live action sketch comedy and variety show created by Dan Schneider that aired on Nickelodeon in April 4 , 1999 as a pilot , then as a regular series from October 16 , 1999 to September 21 , 2002 .
Apocalypse World is a post - apocalyptic roleplaying game by D. Vincent Baker , published in 2010 with only an implied setting that is fleshed out by the players in the course of character creation .
Ascending and Descending is a lithograph print by the Dutch artist M. C. Escher first printed in March 1960 .
The Seven Sorrows Polyptych is an oil on panel painting by Albrecht Dürer .
Philippine Agenda is an eight - part news and public affairs program of the GMA Network about the 2007 Philippine elections hosted by five journalists of GMA Network :
Thetis Receiving the Weapons of Achilles from Hephaestus is a 1630 - 32 painting by the Flemish painter Anthony van Dyck .
Along the River During the Qingming Festival ( simplified Chinese : 清明上河图 ; traditional Chinese : 清明上河圖 ; pinyin : Qīngmíng Shànghé Tú ) is a painting by the Song dynasty artist Zhang Zeduan ( 1085 - -1145 ) .
Scene from Shakespeare 's The Tempest is a painting by William Hogarth , an 18th - century English painter .
Starring Lloyd Bridges and Helen Slater , Capital News was created by David Milch and Christian Williams .
MotorSport Ranch is an American reality television series created by Alexander Muse .
The Hours of Hennessy or Hours of Notre - Dame is a 1530 illuminated book of Hours attributed to the Bruges artist Simon Bening and his workshop .
NewsWatch Aksyon Balita ( Filipino for `` NewsWatch Action News '' , formerly RPN Aksyon News later became RPN Aksyon Balita ) is the final Filipino - language newscast and the late afternoon news broadcast of Radio Philippines Network in the Philippines .
Woman Holding a Balance , also called Woman Testing a Balance , is an oil painting by Dutch Baroque artist Johannes Vermeer .
Diana and Apollo Killing Niobe 's Children is a 1772 painting by Jacques - Louis David , now in the Dallas Museum of Art . He produced it to compete for the Prix de Rome .
Victory O Lord ! ( 1871 ) is a painting by John Everett Millais depicting Moses , Aaron and Hur during the Battle of Rephidim against the Amalekites .
As I Opened Fire ( sometimes As I Opened Fire ... ) is a 1964 oil and magna on canvas painting by Roy Lichtenstein .
The Apotheosis of Washington is the fresco painted by Greek - Italian artist Constantino Brumidi in 1865 and visible through the oculus of the dome in the rotunda of the United States Capitol Building .
Le Bénédicité ( English : Grace ) is a painting by the French artist Jean - Baptiste - Siméon Chardin .
Kung Mamahalin Mo Lang Ako or If Only You Love Me ( international title ) is an afternoon soap opera aired on GMA Network produced by TAPE Inc. starring Marian Rivera , Ehra Madrigal and Camille Prats .
The Full Cupboard of Life is the fifth in The No . 1 Ladies ' Detective Agency series of novels by Alexander McCall Smith , set in Gaborone , Botswana , and featuring the Motswana protagonist Precious Ramotswe .
The Wall of Sound ( also called the Spector Sound ) is a music production formula developed by record producer Phil Spector at Gold Star Studios during the 1960s .
Just what is it that makes today 's homes so different , so appealing ? is a collage by English artist Richard Hamilton .
Humility theology is a school of thought founded by John Templeton .
Santa Cristina al Tiverone Altarpiece is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Lorenzo Lotto , executed around 1504 - 1506 .
Peter Guillam is a fictional character in John le Carré 's series of espionage novels .
Throwback ( 1/3 ) is a public artwork by American artist Tony Smith , located in the Marsh & McLennan Companies ( MMC ) Plaza at 1166 Avenue of the Americas in New York City , New York .
View of the Domaine Saint - Joseph is a painting by French artist Paul Cézanne .
Dovedale by Moonlight is one of five paintings by Joseph Wright of Derby which uses the picturesque valley of Dovedale as its subject .
Portrait of Wally is a 1912 oil painting by Austrian painter Egon Schiele of Valerie `` Wally '' Neuzil , a woman he met in 1911 when she was 17 years old and who was a model for a number of Schiele 's most striking paintings .
In Front of Yorktown , 1862 - 1863 is an oil painting by Winslow Homer of men from McClellan 's Army of the Potomac , before the Siege of Yorktown .
The Conestabile Madonna is a small ( and probably unfinished ) painting by the Italian Renaissance artist Raphael .
Portrait of Captain Thomas Coram is a 1740 portrait of philanthropist Thomas Coram painted by William Hogarth .
The Snail ( L'escargot ) is a collage by Henri Matisse .
Astronomer Copernicus , or Conversations with God ( Polish : Astronom Kopernik , czyli rozmowa z Bogiem ) is an oil painting by the Polish artist Jan Matejko , finished in 1873 , depicting Nicolaus Copernicus observing the heavens from a balcony by a tower near the cathedral in Frombork ( seen in the back ) .
It Was My Best Birthday Ever , Charlie Brown is the 38th animated TV special based on characters from the Charles M. Schulz comic strip Peanuts .
Dirty Sexy Money is an American prime time drama series created by Craig Wright .
Baseball Manager is a 1963 pop art painting by Roy Lichtenstein .
The Madonna del cardellino or Madonna of the Goldfinch is a painting by the Italian renaissance artist Raphael , from c. 1505 - 1506 .
A Bridge Across and Beyond , is a public artwork by American artist Richard Hunt , located at the Blackburn Center on the Howard University campus in Washington , D.C. , United States .
Fun - Fare is the eleventh studio album by Japanese music duo Every Little Thing .
The Portrait of Jakob Fugger is a oil painting by German Renaissance artist Albrecht Dürer , executed around 1520 .
The Canova Lions , located in front of the Corcoran Gallery of Art in Washington , D.C. , are copies of a pair of lions sculpted by Antonio Canova in 1792 for the tomb of Pope Clement XIII in St Peter 's in Rome .
Lestat de Lioncourt is a fictional character appearing in several novels by Anne Rice , including The Vampire Lestat .
Collins St. , 5 pm is a 1955 painting by Australian artist John Brack .
Pinoy Meets World is a travel and lifestyle program aired once a month on a Sunday evening by GMA Network .
Cards on the Table is a detective novel by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 2 November 1936 and in the US by Dodd , Mead and Company the following year .
Garfield is an American comic strip created by Jim Davis .
The Droeshout portrait or Droeshout engraving is a portrait of William Shakespeare engraved by Martin Droeshout as the frontispiece for the title page of the First Folio collection of Shakespeare 's plays , published in 1623 .
La Zingarella or Gypsy Girl is a 140 centimetres ( 55 in ) tall statue of Diana commissioned by Scipione Borghese and executed by Nicolas Cordier .
The Death of Hyacinthos , sometimes referred to as The Death of Hyacinth , was completed by Jean Broc in 1801 .
Portrait of Federico II Gonzaga ( c. 1529 ) is a painting by Titian , who signed it Ticianus f ..
The Pirates of Dark Water is a fantasy animated series produced by Hanna - Barbera and created by David Kirschner and first aired in 1991 .
Picasso 's Rose Period represents an important epoch in the life and work of the Spanish artist Pablo Picasso and had a great impact on the developments of modern art . It began in 1904 at a time when Picasso settled in Montmartre at the Bateau - Lavoir among bohemian poets and writers .
Marek Sząszor ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈmarɛk ˈʂɔ̃ʂɔr ) ; born 28 August 1970 ) is a Polish former competitive figure skater .
John Lucas , 1st Baron Lucas of Shenfield ( October 1606 -- 2 July 1671 ) was an English Royalist soldier , industrialist and landowner .
Team Queen is a music video for Triple Creme directed by Leah Meyerhoff .
Lovers in the Year One ( Czech : Milenci v roce jedna ) is a 1973 Czechoslovakian drama film directed by Jaroslav Balík .
Go for a Take ( aka , Double Take ) is a 1972 British comedy film directed by Harry Booth and featuring Dennis Price , Bob Todd , Reg Varney , Norman Rossington , Sue Lloyd , and Anouska Hempel .
The Forbidden Quest is a 1993 mockumentary written and directed by Peter Delpeut .
Women Are Like That is a 1938 American drama film directed by Stanley Logan and written by Horace Jackson .
Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurana is a 2012 Indian comedy film produced by Ronnie Screwvala , Siddharth Roy Kapur and Anurag Kashyap and directed by Sameer Sharma ( his directorial debut ) .
In the Heart of the Woods is a 1915 American silent short drama film directed by Tom Ricketts and written by Marion Heffernan .
The Heart Breaker is a 1925 American short comedy film directed by Philadelphian director , Benjamin Stoloff .
Parbona Ami Chartey Tokey ( Bengali : পারব না আমি ছাড়তে তোকে ; English : I can not leave you ) is a 2015 Bengali romantic drama film directed by Raj Chakraborty and produced by Shree Venkatesh Films and Surinder Films .
Ullam Ketkumae is a 2005 Tamil romance film directed and co - written by Jeeva , with dialogues by Sujatha .
Apasionadamente ( English language : Passionately ) is a 1944 Argentine romantic comedy film directed by Luis César Amadori and written by Enrique Vico Carré .
Solemn Promise ( Serbian : Беса , translit . Besa ) is a 2009 Serbian drama film directed by Srđan Karanović .
Lady Marion 's Summer Flirtation ( Swedish : Lady Marions sommarflirt ) is a 1913 Swedish silent drama film directed by Victor Sjöström .
Wandering Husbands , also known as Loves and Lies , is a 1924 American silent drama film directed by William Beaudine .
Sundel Bolong or Sundelbolong is a 1981 Indonesian cult horror film directed by Sisworo Gautama Putra .
Mission 90 Days is a 2007 Malayalam film by Major Ravi starring Mammooty .
Mungarina Minchu ( Kannada : ಮುಂಗಾರಿನ ಮಿಂಚು ) is a 1997 Indian Kannada language film directed by Rajendra Singh Babu starring Ramesh Arvind and Shilpa .
The Capture of Bigfoot ( aka The Legend of Bigfoot ) is a 1979 horror film from Bill Rebane , the director of Monster A - Go - Go .
Novemberinte Nashtam ( English : November 's Loss ) is a 1982 Malayalam romantic drama film written and directed by P. Padmarajan .
Legion of the Night is a 1995 horror film directed by Matt Jaissle and stars Tim Lovelace , Jeff Rector , Ron Asheton , Heather Fine , and S. William Hinzman .
Daffy Duck Hunt is a 1949 animated Warner Bros. Looney Tunes cartoon , directed by Robert McKimson , and starring Porky Pig , Daffy Duck and Barnyard Dawg .
Three Is a Family is a 1944 American comedy film directed by Edward Ludwig .
National Lampoon 's Van Wilder ( released internationally as Van Wilder : Party Liaison ) is a 2002 German - American romantic comedy film directed by Walt Becker and written by Brent Goldberg and David T. Wagner .
A Modern Musketeer is a 1917 American silent adventure comedy film directed and written by Allan Dwan .
Bhairava Dweepam ( English : Bhairava 's Island ) is a 1994 Telugu , folklore fantasy film produced by B. Venkatarama Reddy on Chandamama Vijaya Pictures banner , written and directed by Singeetam Srinivasa Rao .
Playing the Game is a 1918 American silent comedy drama film directed by Victor Schertzinger and written by Julien Josephson and R. Cecil Smith .
No Greater Glory is a 1934 American Pre - Code allegorical anti - war film directed by Frank Borzage and based on the novel A Pál utcai fiúk by Ferenc Molnár .
Delete My Love ( Chinese : Delete愛人 ) is a 2014 Hong Kong romantic comedy film directed and written by Patrick Kong .
Ten Laps to Go ( King of the Speedway ) is a 1938 American action / drama film directed by Elmer Clifton .
Neil Young Journeys is a 2011 American concert documentary film produced and directed by Jonathan Demme , featuring Neil Young and produced for Sony Pictures Classics .
Thirumoorthy is a 1995 Tamil action film directed Pavithran .
The Cuban Love Song is a 1931 American musical film directed by W. S. Van Dyke and written by C. Gardner Sullivan , Bess Meredyth , John Lynch , John Colton , Gilbert Emery , Robert E. Hopkins and Paul Hervey Fox .
Abbas in Flower ( Turkish : Çiçek Abbas ) is a 1982 Turkish comedy film directed by Sinan Çetin .
Milaga ( English : Chilli ) is a 2010 Tamil action film directed by Ravi Mariya .
A Few Days with Me ( original title : Quelques jours avec moi ) is a 1988 French film directed by Claude Sautet .
The Beast in the Heart ( La bestia nel cuore / a.k.a . Do n't Tell ) is a 2005 film directed by Cristina Comencini , based on the novel written by herself .
Pauvre Pierrot ( aka Poor Pete ) is an 1892 French short animated film directed by Charles - Émile Reynaud .
The Cruel Embrace ( French : Les Noces barbares ) is a 1987 Belgian drama film directed by Marion Hänsel .
On with the Motley ( Italian : Amleto e il suo clown ) is a 1920 silent Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone .
The Man Who Disappeared was a 1914 American drama film serial directed by Charles Brabin .
Kuvaputki is a multi - angle DVD by Embryoroom produced and directed by Edward Quist and co - produced by Derek Gruen aka Del Marquis , with music by Pan Sonic , the Finnish experimental electronic music duo consisting of Mika Vainio and Ilpo Väisänen .
Leisurely Pedestrians , Open Topped Buses and Hansom Cabs with Trotting Horses is an alleged 1889 British silent black - and - white short film , shot by inventor and film pioneer William Friese - Greene on celuloid film using his ' chronophotographic ' camera , which takes its name from a description of the content .
The Lonely Voice of Man ( Russian : Одинокий голос человека ) , also known as The Lonely Human Voice , is the first full - feature film by Alexander Sokurov .
Njësiti guerril is a 1969 Albanian action war film drama directed and written by Hysen Hakani with Muharrem Skënderi .
Familia rodante ( English : Rolling Family ) is a 2004 comedy drama film , written and directed by Pablo Trapero , and produced by various countries , including Argentina .
Embedded In Baghdad is a 2003 documentary created by Alexandre Trudeau for the CTV Television Program W - FIVE .
A Reasonable Man is a 1999 South African - French crime drama thriller produced , written , starring , and directed by Gavin Hood .
This Ca n't Happen Here ( Swedish : Sånt händer inte här ) is a 1950 Swedish film directed by Ingmar Bergman .
Mille bolle blu ( `` A thousand blue bubbles '' ) is a 1993 Italian comedy film written and directed by Leone Pompucci .
Hour of the Star ( Portuguese : A Hora da Estrela ) is a Brazilian film directed by Suzana Amaral and released in 1985 .
Appointment with Happiness ( Arabic : موعد مع السعادة‎ , Maw`ed Ma ` al - Sa`adah , listen ) is a 1954 Egyptian romance / drama film directed by Ezzel Dine Zulficar .
Tror du jeg er født i går ! is a 1941 Danish family film directed by Lau Lauritzen , Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks .
Path of Hope ( Italian : Il Cammino della speranza ) is a 1950 Italian language drama film directed by Pietro Germi that belongs to the Italian neorealism film movement .
So 's Your Aunt Emma is a 1942 American film directed by Jean Yarbrough .
The Million Dollar Countdown ( Spanish : El gran golpe de Niza , Italian : Per favore ... non sparate col cannone , also known as L'assalto al centro nucleare ) is a 1967 Spanish - Italian criminal comedy film directed by Mario Caiano and starring Frank Wolff .
Andy Hardy 's Private Secretary is a 1941 American family film comedy directed by George B. Seitz .
Der Choral von Leuthen ( The Hymn of Leuthen ) was a 1933 German film depicting Frederick the Great , directed by Carl Froelich .
Edición extra is a 1949 Argentine film directed by Luis Moglia Barth and starring Jorge Salcedo and Silvana Roth .
Le Sucre ( or The Sugar ) is a 1978 French crime drama thriller film directed by Jacques Rouffio .
To Fly ! was written by Jim Freeman , Greg MacGillivray , Tom McGrath , Francis Thompson , Robert M. Young and Arthur Zegart .
Passionate Summer is a 1958 British drama film directed by Rudolph Cartier and starring Virginia McKenna , Bill Travers and Yvonne Mitchell .
Sandade Sandadi ( English : Fun and Fun ) is a 2002 Comedy Telugu film produced by Adityaram on Adityaram Movies banner , directed by Muppalaneni Shiva .
The Meeting Place Can not Be Changed ( Russian : Место встречи изменить нельзя , translit . Mesto vstrechi izmenit nelzya ) is a 1979 Soviet five - part television miniseries directed by Stanislav Govorukhin .
Kinoautomat ( 1967 ) was the world 's first interactive movie , conceived by Radúz Činčera for the Czechoslovak Pavilion at Expo ' 67 in Montreal .
They Came from Beyond Space is a 1967 British Eastman Color science fiction film directed by Freddie Francis , written by Milton Subotsky and based on the book The Gods Hate Kansas by Joseph Millard .
The Stratton Story is a 1949 film directed by Sam Wood which tells the true story of Monty Stratton , a Major League Baseball pitcher who pitched for the Chicago White Sox from 1934 - 1938 .
Golden Horseshoes ( Arabic : صفايح ذهب‎ , translit . Safa'ih min dhahab , French : Les Sabots en or ) is a 1989 Tunisian drama film directed by Nouri Bouzid .
Sons of the Desert is a 1933 American Pre - Code film starring Laurel and Hardy , and directed by William A. Seiter .
The First Time on the Grass ( Italian : La prima volta sull'erba , and known in the United States as Love Under the Elms ) is a 1974 Italian drama film directed by Gianluigi Calderone .
The Radio King is a 1922 American adventure film serial directed by Robert F. Hill and released by the Universal Film Manufacturing Co. The ten chapters began with `` A Cry for Help '' released October 22 , 1922 .
Mere Baap Pehle Aap ( translation : My father , You first ) is a 2008 Bollywood comedy film directed by Priyadarshan .
Disappearing In America is a 2009 character drama written by David Polcyn and Erik Rodgers and produced by String And A Can Productions in association with Damian Collier ( as Damian Collier Entertainment ) .
Hiya Diya Niya ( Assamese : হিয়া দিয়া নিয়া ) is an Assamese romantic movie directed by Munin Barua and produced by Pooja Motion Pictures .
Tales of Old Vienna or Carl Michael Ziehrer 's Tales of Old Vienna ( German : Carl Michael Ziehrers Märchen aus Alt - Wien ) is a 1923 Austrian silent film directed by Wilhelm Thiele and starring Grit Haid , Frieda Kiesewetter and Hugo Thimig .
Københavnere is a 1933 Danish film directed by Lau Lauritzen Sr . and written by Lau Lauritzen Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks .
Mera Pati Sirf Mera Hai ( English : My husband is mine only ) is a 1990 Bollywood , drama film produced by Nitin Kapoor on JSK Combines banner , directed by Manobala .
Escape to the Foreign Legion ( German : Flucht in die Fremdenlegion ) is a 1929 German silent film directed by Louis Ralph and starring Hans Stüwe , Alexander Murski and Eva von Berne .
Diary of a High School Bride is a 1959 film directed by Burt Topper about a seventeen - year - old high school student who gets married .
Anything for Bread ( Spanish : Todo por la pasta ) is a 1991 Spanish film directed by Enrique Urbizu and written by Luis Marías .
Bobbikins is a 1959 British film in CinemaScope directed by Robert Day .
Four for Venice ( German : 2 Männer , 2 Frauen - 4 Probleme ! ? ) is a 1998 comedy film directed by Vivian Naefe .
Villagelo Vinayakudu ( English : Vinayakudu ( Ganesh ) in the Village ) is a 2009 Telugu comedy film produced by Mahi V Raghav , written , and directed by Sai Kiran Adivi .
The Ironmaster ( French : Le Maître de forges ) is a 1933 French drama film scripted and supervised by Abel Gance , and directed by Fernand Rivers .
Gaadha ( English : Legend , Malayalam : ഗാഥ ) is an upcoming Indian feature film to be directed by Shaji N. Karun and produced by Wahiida Productions .
Maami ( English : My Mother ) is a 2011 Nigerian drama film produced and directed by Tunde Kelani .
Cats Dancing on Jupiter is a 2015 film directed by Jordan Alan and produced by Cassian Elwes , starring Amanda Righetti , Erica Taylor , Jonathan Bennett and Anneliese Van Der Pol .
Chain of Events is a 1958 British crime film directed by Gerald Thomas from a radio play by Leo McKern .
Tiffany Memorandum ( also known as The Tiffany Memorandum ) is a 1967 Eurospy film directed by Sergio Grieco .
Mane Belaku ( Kannada : ಮನೆ ಬೆಳಕು ) is a 1975 Indian Kannada film , directed by Y. R. Swamy and produced by A R S Sharma .
San Yuan Li ( Chinese : 三元里 ; pinyin : sān yuán lǐ ) is a 2003 experimental independent Chinese documentary directed and produced by artists Ou Ning and Cao Fei .
Time Belt is a science fiction / comedy series created by Chris Tallman that ran from 2003 - -2004 on Channel 101 .
Espionage in Lisbon ( Spanish : Misión Lisboa , Italian : Da 077 : intrigo a Lisbona , French : 077 intrigue à Lisbonne , also known as Mission Lisbon ) is a 1965 Spanish - Italian - French Eurospy film directed by Federico Aicardi and Tulio Demicheli .
Held to Answer is a 1923 American silent drama film directed by Harold M. Shaw The film is considered to be lost .
Dear Caroline ( French : Caroline Chérie ) is a French 1951 film directed by Richard Pottier .
Red Sien ( Dutch : Rooie Sien ) is a 1975 Dutch drama film directed by Frans Weisz , produced by Rob du Mée .
Gang of Roses is a 2003 Western action drama film written and directed by Jean - Claude La Marre .
The Night My Number Came Up is a 1955 British supernatural drama film directed by Leslie Norman with the screenplay written by R. C. Sherriff .
Baby Blood ( titled The Evil Within in the United States ) is a French horror film directed and co - written by Alain Robak .
Paduka Pattabhishekam ( Telugu : పాదుకా పట్టాభిషేకం ) is a 1945 Magnum Opus Telugu film directed and produced by Kadaru Nagabhushanam .
Gates of Heaven is a 1978 documentary film by Errol Morris about the pet cemetery business .
Oslo , August 31st ( Norwegian : Oslo , 31 . august ) is a 2011 Norwegian drama film directed by Joachim Trier .
Speed Walking ( Danish : Kapgang ) is a 2014 Danish drama film directed by Niels Arden Oplev .
Adiós , Roberto ( English language : Goodbye Roberto ) is a 1985 Argentine drama film based on homosexuality , directed by Enrique Dawi and written by Lito Espinosa .
Private Duty Nurses is a 1971 film written and directed by George Armitage .
Barbicania is a feature - length film ( 90 min ) , by Ila Bêka & Louise Lemoine , documenting a month in the life of London 's Barbican Centre and Estate .
Karka Kasadara is 2005 Tamil film written , produced and directed by R. V. Udayakumar .
Les Enfants du Paradis , released as Children of Paradise in North America , is a 1945 French film directed by Marcel Carné .
Black Fantasy is the fifth feature - length film produced and directed by American independent filmmaker Lionel Rogosin .
Art Thief Musical ! is a 2004 American short musical film by Linus Lau .
A Shine of Rainbows , also known as Tomás and the Rainbows , is a 2009 Irish family drama , directed and co - written by Vic Sarin , and a film adaptation of the novel A Shine of Rainbows by Lillian Beckwith .
Meri Shadi Karao is a 2013 Hindi Bollywood comedy film directed by Syed Noor and produced by Daler Mehndi , under `` Mehndi Production '' and `` Paragon Entertainment Group '' banners .
Sarvamangala ( Kannada : ಸರ್ವಮಂಗಳ ) is a 1968 Indian Kannada film , directed by Chaduranga and produced by Doddammanni Urs .
Awara Paagal Deewana ( Hindi : आवारा पागल दीवाना , English : Wayward , Crazy , Insane ) is a 2002 Bollywood action comedy film directed by Vikram Bhatt .
Siempre es difícil volver a casa ( It 's Always Hard to Return Home ) is a 1992 Argentine movie directed by Jorge Polaco , who loosely adapted Antonio Dal Masetto 's homonymous novel .
Bajo Bandera is a 1997 Argentine mystery drama film directed and written by Juan José Jusid with Guillermo Saccomanno .
100 Days of Love is a 2015 Malayalam romantic comedy film written and directed by debutant Jenuse Mohamed .
Could This Be Love ? ( French title : Je crois que je l'aime ) is a 2007 French comedy film directed by Pierre Jolivet .
The Olympics in Mexico ( Spanish : Olimpiada en México ) is a 1969 Mexican documentary film directed by Alberto Isaac .
A Fighting Man is a 2014 drama sport film written and directed by Damian Lee .
A Berlin Romance ( German : Eine Berliner Romanze ) is a 1956 East German neo - realist romantic drama film about youth urban life in the divided city of Berlin , directed by Gerhard Klein .
Vamsa Vruksham ( The genalogy tree ) , is a 1980 Telugu film directed by Bapu , based on S. L. Bhyrappa 's novel .
Three Cheers for Love is a 1936 American musical film directed by Ray McCarey and written by George Marion , Jr ..
Building on his film , Nobelity , Turk Pipkin continues his global journey of knowledge and action with One Peace at a Time .
Adieu Philippine ( French pronunciation : ​(a.djø fɪlɪpin ) , `` Farewell , Philippine '' ) is a 1962 French film directed by Jacques Rozier .
Bangarada Gudi ( Kannada : ಬಂಗಾರದ ಗುಡಿ ) is a 1976 Indian Kannada film , directed by K. S. R. Das and produced by C H Prakash Rao .
Matula ( ( maˈtula ) ) is a 1941 film from the Dutch East Indies ( present - day Indonesia ) which was directed by Tan Tjoei Hock and produced by The Teng Chun of Java Industrial Film .
Gidh is an upcoming Pakistani action / romance Urdu language film , directed by Shamoon Abbasi .
Should a Girl Propose ? is a 1925 Australian silent film directed by P.J. Ramster set in the high society world of Sydney .
Dear , Dearest , Beloved , Unique ... ( Russian : Милый , дорогой , любимый , единственный ; translit . Milyy , dorogoy , lyubimyy , edinstvennyy ... ) is a 1984 Soviet drama film directed by Dinara Asanova .
Starting over Again is a documentary directed by Ruggero Gabbai and produced by Elliot Malki .
Such aspects do indeed form the background of Zhaohuan Lu 's short story `` The Twin Bracelets '' ( 1986 ) which served as the basis of the film script written by the film director , Yu - shan Huang .
As Seen Through a Telescope ( AKA : The Professor and His Field Glass ) is a 1900 British short silent comedy film , directed by George Albert Smith , featuring an elderly gentleman getting a glimpse of a woman 's ankle through a telescope .
Bout de Zan et l'embusqué ( Bout de Zan and the Shirker ) is a 1915 short silent film by Louis Feuillade .
Voodoo Academy is a Horror / Fantasy movie , released in 2000 , directed by David DeCoteau .
A Pizza in Jordbro ( Swedish : En pizza i jordbro ) is a 1994 Swedish documentary film directed by Rainer Hartleb .
Cattive ragazze ( translated : Bad Girls ) is 1992 film directed by Marina Ripa Di Meana .
Pretty When You Cry is 2001 erotic thriller directed by Jack N. Green .
Not a Word About Love ( Kein Wort von Liebe ) is a 1937 Czechoslovak romance film , directed by Miroslav Cikán and Alwin Elling .
The Eunuch is a 1971 Hong Kong wuxia film directed by Teddy Yip , and starring Pai Ying and Lisa Chiao Chiao .
Here Comes the Dawn ( Georgian : აქ თენდება / Ak tendeba ) is a 1998 Georgian film directed by Zaza Urushadze .
Ursus il terrore dei Kirghisi ( Ursus , Terror of the Kirghiz ) , internationally released as Hercules , Prisoner of Evil , is a 1964 Italian peplum film directed by Antonio Margheriti and Ruggero Deodato .
Woh Saat Din , or Woh 7 Din , is a 1983 Hindi film directed by Bapu .
The Butterfly Lifts the Cat Up or De Vlinder Tilt de kat op is a 1994 Dutch film directed by Willeke van Ammelrooy .
Oath of Vengeance is a 1944 American western film directed by Sam Newfield .
Attahasa is a 2013 Kannada biopic film directed by A. M. R. Ramesh , based on the notorious forest brigand Veerappan .
Buniyaad ( Hindi : बुनियाद ; literally Foundation ) is an Indian television drama - series that was directed by Ramesh Sippy and Jyoti .
Konsento is a Japanese thriller film released in 2001 and directed by Shun Nakahara .
Manchu Pallaki ( Telugu : మంచు పల్లకీ , English : Snow Palaqueen ) is a 1982 Telugu film directed by Vamsy .
Firingoti ( Assamese : ফিৰিঙতি ) is an Assamese language film directed by Jahnu Barua .
Just Beyond This Forest ( Polish : Jeszcze tylko ten las , also known as Still Only This Forest ) is a 1991 Polish war - drama film written and directed by Jan Łomnicki .
Song of Dolores ( Spanish : La copla de la Dolores ) is a 1947 Spanish drama film directed by Benito Perojo , written by Francisco Madrid .
Dark Blue World ( Czech : Tmavomodrý svět ) is a 2001 film by Czech director Jan Svěrák , the Academy Award - winning director of Kolya , about Czech pilots who fought for the British Royal Air Force ( RAF ) during the Second World War .
A Desperate Crime ( French : Les Incendiaires ) , also known as Histoire d'un crime , was a 1906 French silent film directed by Georges Méliès .
A Time for Defiance ( Spanish : La hora de los valientes , literally The Hour of the Brave ) is a 1998 Spanish war drama film directed by Antonio Mercero about the Spanish Civil War .
Futtocks End is a British comedy film released in 1970 , directed by Bob Kellett .
Ananda Bashpa ( Kannada : ಆನಂದ ಭಾಷ್ಪ ) is a 1963 Indian Kannada film , directed and produced by R. Nagendra Rao .
Just Before I Go , previously entitled Hello I Must Be Going , is a 2014 comedy - drama film directed by Courteney Cox , in her directorial debut , from a screenplay written by David Flebotte , starring Seann William Scott , Elisha Cuthbert , Olivia Thirlby , Garret Dillahunt , and Kate Walsh .
Kudure Mukha ( Kannada : ಕುದುರೆ ಮುಖ ) is a 1978 Indian Kannada film , directed by Y. R. Swamy .
Age Jodi Jantam Tui Hobi Por ( Bengali : আগে যদি জানতাম তুই হবি পর ) is a Bangladeshi romantic action film directed by Montazur Rahman Akbar and produced and distributed by Star Plus .
Beethoven Lives Upstairs is a Canadian 1992 HBO Original Films TV movie produced and directed by David Devine .
Samiran Barua Ahi Ase is an Assamese political movie based on a story by Senior Journalist Manoj Kumar Goswami and directed by Prodyut Kumar Deka and produced by Prodyut Kumar Deka & Mrinal Das under Arc Lights .
' From Hare to Eternity ' is a 1996 Bugs Bunny and Yosemite Sam cartoon in the Looney Tunes series , directed by Chuck Jones .
The Gentleman Bushranger is a 1921 Australian film melodrama from director Beaumont Smith .
Innerspace is a 1987 science fiction comedy film directed by Joe Dante and produced by Michael Finnell .
The Storm Makers is a 2014 documentary film directed by Guillaume Suon about human trafficking in Cambodia .
Revenge of a Crazy Girl ( Italian : La vendetta di una pazza ) is a 1952 Italian melodrama film written and directed by Pino Mercanti .
La León is a 2007 Argentine drama written and directed by Santiago Otheguy .
Gangsters of the Frontier ( also known as Raiders of the Frontier in the United Kingdom ) is a 1944 American film directed by Elmer Clifton .
I Love Beijing ( simplified Chinese : 夏日暖洋洋 ; traditional Chinese : 夏日暖樣樣 ; pinyin : Xiàrì nuǎnyàngyàng ; literally : `` The Warmth of Summer '' ) is a 2000 Chinese film directed by Ning Ying .
The Widow from Chicago is a 1930 American pre - Code crime drama film released by First National Pictures , a subsidiary of Warner Bros. and directed by Edward F. Cline .
Pearls Bring Tears is a 1937 British comedy drama film directed by Manning Haynes and starring John Stuart , Dorothy Boyd and Googie Withers .
The Legend of Hallowdega is a 2010 black comedy fantasy mockumentary short film , directed by Terry Gilliam from a screenplay by Aaron Bergeron .
È pericoloso sporgersi is a 1984 Belgian short film written and directed by Jaco Van Dormael .
A Driver for Vera ( Russian : Водитель для Веры , Voditel dlya Very ) is a Ukrainian - Russian co - produced psychological drama film from 2004 , set in 1962 Sevastopol , Ukraine , directed and written by Russian Pavel Chukhrai .
Real Genius is a 1985 science fiction comedy film directed by Martha Coolidge .
Bye , See You Monday ( French : Au revoir ... à lundi ) is a 1979 French - Canadian drama film directed by Maurice Dugowson .
Hahamishia Hakamerit ( Hebrew : החמישייה הקאמרית‎ ) was a weekly Israeli satirical sketch comedy television program created by Asaf Tzipor , who was also the main writer of the show , and Eitan Tzur , who directed the entire run of the show .
The Man in the Sombrero is a 1916 American silent short romantic drama written and directed by Tom Ricketts .
Luponini from Chicago ( Spanish : Luponini de Chicago ) is a 1935 Mexican comedy crime film directed by and starring José Bohr .
Marmayogi ( English : The Mysterious Sage ) is a 1951 Indian Tamil fantasy film directed by K. Ramnoth and produced by M. Somasundaram under his banner Jupiter Studios .
Angus , Thongs and Perfect Snogging is a 2008 British coming - of - age film co - written and directed by Gurinder Chadha .
His Excellency , The Shop Assistant ( Polish : ' ' Jego ekscelencja subiekt '' ) is a 1933 Polish romantic comedy film directed by Michał Waszyński .
The Woman Tempted is a 1926 British silent drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Juliette Compton , Warwick Ward and Nina Vanna .
Dyden går amok is a Danish 1966 film written and directed by Sven Methling .
For My Daughter 's Honor , also released as Indecent Seduction , is a 1996 American television film directed by Alan Metzger .
Let 's Be Fashionable is a 1920 American comedy silent film directed by Lloyd Ingraham and written by Mildred Considine and Luther Reed .
Eye Myth is an experimental short film by Stan Brakhage , produced in 1967 .
The Giant Spider Invasion is a low - budget 1975 film produced by Transcentury Pictures , a partnership owned by the film 's director Bill Rebane .
Mi Vida Loca ( also known as My Crazy Life ) is a 1994 American drama film directed and written by Allison Anders .
Lentera Merah ( English translation : Red Lantern ) is a 2006 Indonesian horror film directed by Hanung Bramantyo .
A Friend to Die For ( also known as Death of a Cheerleader in the UK and during Lifetime television airings ) is a 1994 American TV movie directed by William A. Graham .
What Price Innocence ? is a 1933 American Pre - Code drama film written and directed by , and co - starring , Willard Mack .
Gilly poprvé v Praze is a 1920 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Karel Lamač .
Até que a Sorte nos Separe 2 ( English : Till Luck Do Us Part 2 ) is a 2013 Brazilian comedy film , directed by Roberto Santucci and written by Paulo Cursino and Chico Soares .
The Red Countess ( Hungarian : A vörös grófnő ) is a 1985 Hungarian drama film directed by András Kovács .
Io con te non ci sto più ( also known as I 'm Not Living With You Anymore , Enough Is Enough , Happy End and I 'm Not Staying With You Anymore ) is a 1983 Italian romantic comedy - drama film written and directed by Gianni Amico and starring Monica Guerritore and Victor Cavallo .
In Like Flint ( 1967 ) is a film directed by Gordon Douglas , the sequel to the parody spy film Our Man Flint ( 1966 ) .
Love and Co ( Portuguese : Amor & Cia ) is a 1998 Brazilian - Portuguese comedy - drama film directed by Helvécio Ratton .
Bugs ' Bonnets is a 1956 Merrie Melodies cartoon , directed by Chuck Jones , written by Tedd Pierce , and released by Warner Bros. Pictures .
Texas to Bataan is a 1942 American film directed by Robert Emmett Tansey featuring the Range Busters .
Mama 's Affair is a 1921 silent film by Victor Fleming , based on the play of the same title by Rachel Barton Butler .
Sundar Bou ( Bengali : সুন্দর বউ ) is a 1999 Bengali film directed by Sujit Guha .
Proxy Husband is a 1919 American silent short film directed by and starring William Garwood .
Tunnel 18 ( Persian : تونل 18‎ ) is a 1997 Iranian Historical drama film written and directed by Hossein Shahabi ( Persian : حسین شهابی )
Like Mom , Like Me is a 1978 television film directed by Michael Pressman .
Swapnabhumi ( The Promised Land ) is a 2007 Bangladeshi documentary film by filmmaker , Tanvir Mokammel .
Week Ends Only is a 1932 American Pre - Code film made by Fox Film Corporation , directed by Alan Crosland , and starring by Joan Bennett , Ben Lyon and John Halliday .
Aaj Ka Robin Hood ( Traslation : The Return of Robin Hood ) is a 1988 adventure - drama Indian Hindi film directed and produced by Tapan Sinha .
A Woman from the Street ( Spanish : Una Mujer de la calle ) is a 1939 Argentine drama film directed by Luis Moglia Barth .
Hello Moscow ! ( Russian : Zdravstvuy , Moskva ! , Russian : Здравствуй , Москва ! ) is a 1945 Soviet musical film directed by Sergei Yutkevich .
Tanda Putera ( English : Mark of Prince ) is a 2013 Malaysian history film directed by Shuhaimi Baba .
Der Weg nach oben ( The Way Up ; Chronicle Of The Rise ) is an East German political and economic documentary film directed by Andrew Thorndike .
Superman Returns is a 2006 American superhero film directed and produced by Bryan Singer .
Oru Pennum Randaanum ( Translation : A Woman and Two Men ; Malayalam : ഒരു പെണ്ണും രണ്ടാണും ) is a 2008 Malayalam feature film written and directed by Adoor Gopalakrishnan .
Kumara Sambhavam is a 1969 Indian Malayalam and Tamil film ( bilingual ) , directed and produced by P. Subramaniam .
Allan Quatermain and the Lost City of Gold is an adventure comedy film directed by Gary Nelson and released on January 30 , 1987 in the United States .
The Christmas Blessing is a 2005 television film directed by Karen Arthur .
Suicide Mission to Singapore ( Italian : Goldsnake Anonima Killers , Spanish : Singapur hora cero , French : Mission suicide à Singapour , also known as Goldsnake ) is a 1966 Italian - Spanish - French Eurospy film written and directed by Ferdinando Baldi .
American Stores Company was an American public corporation and a holding company which ran chains of supermarkets and drugstores in the United States from 1917 through 1999 .
Eric Haines earned an M.S. in 1986 from Cornell University ( thesis : The Light Buffer : A Ray Tracer Shadow Testing Accelerator ; an image created by software based on the thesis was used on the September 1986 cover of the IEEE Computer Graphics and Applications journal ) .
Arnold L. Rheingold ( born October 6 , 1940 ) is an American chemist and Professor of Chemistry at the University of California , San Diego .
John II of Luxembourg , Count of Ligny ( 1392 - -5 January 1441 , Guise ) was a French nobleman and soldier , a younger son of John of Luxembourg , Lord of Beauvoir and Marguerite of Enghien .
Simon Henig was born in June 1969 , the son of the former Labour MP and Lancaster council leader Stanley Henig , and the historian Ruth Henig .
Savabeel , foaled on 23 September 2001 , is a brown horse sired by champion New Zealand sire Zabeel out of the multiple Group 1 winner Savannah Success .
Witte van Haemstede ( 1280/1282 - -1321 ) was a bastard son of Floris V , Count of Holland .
I 'll Have Another is a chestnut horse sired by the Travers Stakes winner Flower Alley .
Berthar or Bertachar was a son of Bisinus and Basina .
David Teniers the Younger ( 15 December 1610 -- 25 April 1690 ) was a Flemish artist born in Antwerp , the son of David Teniers the Elder .
Pinedjem I was the High Priest of Amun at Thebes in Ancient Egypt from 1070 BC to 1032 BC and the de facto ruler of the south of the country from 1054 BC . He was the son of the High Priest Piankh .
Distorted Humor 's sire is Forty Niner , 1987 's Eclipse Award winning Outstanding Two - Year - Old Male Horse by the champion sire , Mr. Prospector .
Lukman Sardi ( born July 14 , 1971 ) is an Indonesian actor , and the son of violinist Idris Sardi .
Brokers Tip ( 1930 - -1953 ) , by Black Toney out of the French mare Forteresse , was a Thoroughbred racehorse and the only horse in history whose sole win was in the Kentucky Derby .
Rolf Landsberg was the elder of two sons born to the architect Max Landsberg and his wife , the doctor Hedwig Landsberg .
It is not clear whether Ulaghchi was the son or the younger brother of Sartaq Khan .
Sired by Medicean , out of Hill Hopper ( Danehill ) and owned by Cheveley Park , Nannina was a group one British thoroughbred racehorse trained by John Gosden .
Secreto was a small bay horse with three white socks sired by Northern Dancer .
Guglielmo della Scala ( English : William ; died 1404 ) was the son of Cangrande II della Scala .
Agis III ( Greek : Ἄγις ) was the eldest son of Archidamus III , and the 21st Eurypontid king of Sparta .
Mary , Princess Royal and Countess of Harewood ( Victoria Alexandra Alice Mary ; 25 April 1897 -- 28 March 1965 ) was a member of the British Royal Family ; she was the third child and only daughter of King George V and Queen Mary .
Sibylla of Lusignan ( or Sibylle de Lusignan ) ( October / November 1198 -- c. 1230 or 1252 ) was the daughter of Amalric II of Jerusalem and Isabella of Jerusalem .
Phoebus of Lusignan ( d. Rome , after July , 1485 ) ( also called Febo or Febos in Portuguese ) was a titular Marshal of Armenia and also titular Lord of Sidon , the illegitimate son of Peter of Lusignan , titular Count of Tripoli .
Lord Thomas Howard ( 1511 -- 31 October 1537 ) , courtier , was a younger son of Thomas Howard , 2nd Duke of Norfolk by his second marriage to Agnes Tilney .
Charles Stewart , 3rd Duke of Richmond , 6th Duke of Lennox KG ( 7 March 1639 -- December 1672 ) was the only son of George Stewart , 9th Seigneur d'Aubigny and Katherine Howard , daughter of Theophilus Howard , 2nd Earl of Suffolk .
Cyaxares ( Old Persian : Uvaxštra , Greek : Κυαξάρης ; r. 625 - -585 BC ) , the son of King Phraortes , and according to Herodotus was the third and most capable king of Media .
Paul Marie Bonaparte was the third child of Lucien Bonaparte and Aleksandryna de Bleschamp - Bonaparte .
Hazarmaveth ( Arabic : حضر موت ) is the third of thirteen sons of Joktan , who was a son of Eber , son of Shem in the table of the Sons of Noah in Genesis chapter 10 and 1 Chronicles chapter 1 in the Bible .
Mary Benedict Cushing was the eldest daughter of Harvey Williams Cushing and Katharine Stone Crowell .
Charlotte Lee , Countess of Lichfield ( 5 September 1664 -- 17 February 1718 ) , formerly Lady Charlotte Fitzroy , was the illegitimate daughter of King Charles II of England by one of his best known mistresses , Barbara Villiers , 1st Duchess of Cleveland
Gao Yanzong was the fifth son of Gao Cheng , who was the heir of Eastern Wei 's paramount general Gao Huan , and who took over the regency of Eastern Wei after Gao Huan 's death in 547 .
Kerstin Anér was born in Stockholm ; her parents were the business executive Josef Anér and Gunvor Anér , née Löfvendahl .
Madoc , also spelled Madog , ab Owain Gwynedd was , according to folklore , a Welsh prince who sailed to America in 1170 , over three hundred years before Christopher Columbus 's voyage in 1492 .
Heinrich Koenen was born in the Konigsberg district of Berlin , the son of Communist Reichstag deputy Wilhelm Koenen .
Constantine Akropolites or Acropolites ( Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Ἀκροπολίτης , Konstantinos Akropolitês ) , son of the scholar and statesman George Akropolites , was a minister of the Byzantine emperor Michael VIII Palaiologos , until the Emperor dismissed him for his opposition to the union of churches created by the Second Council of Lyon ( 1272 ) .
Saint Mildgyth ( or Mildgytha ) ( Old English : Mildgȳð ) ( died 676 ) was the youngest daughter of Merewalh , king of Mercia and Saint Eormenburh .
Bred and raced by Mark Hardin 's and the Schwab families ' Newstead Farm of Upperville , Virginia , Miss Oceana was sired by U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee Alydar .
Nico van der Laan ( 17 April 1908 - -18 September 1986 ) was a Dutch architect , as were his father Leo van der Laan and his brothers Jan and Hans , with whom he was closely associated .
Bred by Gardiner Farms in Caledon , Ontario , Runaway Groom was sired by the prominent Nearco descendant Blushing Groom out of the mare Yonnie Girl .
Beatrice of Naples ( 16 November 1457 -- 23 September 1508 ) , also known as Beatrice of Aragon ( Hungarian : Aragóniai Beatrix ; Italian : Beatrice d'Aragona ) , was the daughter of Ferdinand I of Naples and Isabella of Clermont .
Grafton Howland Pyne ( b. August 11 , 1890 ) , Herbert Rivington Pyne ( b. January 16 , 1892 ) , Mary Percy Pyne ( b. November 27 , 1893 ) , Percy Rivington Pyne III ( b. November 9 , 1896 ) , and Meredith Howland Pyne ( b. October 5 , 1898 ) .
Wolf Rüdiger Hess ( Heß in German ; 18 November 1937 -- 24 October 2001 , aged 63 ) was the son of Rudolf Hess .
Maria Theresa of Naples and Sicily ( 6 June 1772 -- 13 April 1807 ) was the eldest daughter of Ferdinand IV & III of Naples and Sicily ( later Ferdinand I of the Two Sicilies ) ( 1751 - -1825 ) and his wife , Marie Caroline of Austria ( 1752 - -1814 ) .
Aditya Mittal , born in 1976 , is a CFO , responsible for Flat Americas , Mergers and Acquisitions ( M&A ) , Investor Relations , Strategy and Communications of the world 's largest steel firm ArcelorMittal , which is controlled by his father Lakshmi Mittal , who was ranked 21st in the 2012 Forbes list of billionaires .
George Carey , 2nd Baron Hunsdon KG ( 1547 -- 9 September 1603 ) was the eldest son of Henry Carey , 1st Baron Hunsdon and Anne Morgan .
Thomas Fauconberg or Thomas Neville , sometimes called Thomas the Bastard , or the Bastard of Fauconberg ( 1429 -- 22 September 1471 ) , was the natural son of Sir William Neville , 1st Earl of Kent who fought with distinction and valour during the Hundred Years ' War alongside Lord Talbot and others .
A Maronite Christian , the younger son of former President Camille Chamoun and brother of Dory Chamoun , Dany Chamoun was also a politician in his own right , and was known for his opposition to the occupation of Lebanese territory by foreign forces , whether Syrian or Israeli .
When she was bred to Blushing Groom ( a French stallion by Red God out of Runaway Bride ) , Maplejinsky produced Sky Beauty .
Louis Charles de La Trémoille ( 26 October 1838 -- 4 July 1911 ) , 9th duc de Thouars , was a French nobleman and the son of Charles Bretagne Marie de La Trémoille and his third wife , Valentine Eugénie Joséphine Walsh de Serrant .
Menendo González was probably the eldest son and successor of Gonzalo Menéndez and his wife Ilduara Peláez .
Jakub Szydłowiecki was son ( probably fourth ) of Stanisław Szydłowiecki and his first wife Barbara ze Starosiedlic i Orońska .
Jack Sealy is the son of former Queen 's Park Rangers and Eastern player Tony Sealy .
Zhang Chonghua was born in 327 , three years after his father Zhang Jun had become the ruler of Former Liang , as his second son .
Juan María Bordaberry 's father was Domingo Bordaberry , who served in the Senate and in Ruralist leadership , and he was the heir to one of the largest ranches in the country .
Jan Brueghel the Younger ( Dutch : ( ˈjɑn ˈbrøːɣəl ) ; 13 September 1601 -- 1 September 1678 ) was a Flemish Baroque painter , and the son of Jan Brueghel the Elder .
Geoffrey Keynes was the son of John Neville Keynes , an economics lecturer at the University of Cambridge and Florence Ada Brown , a successful author and a social reformer .
Zhao Xing was the second son of King Zhao Yingqi , and his mother was a Han Chinese woman called Jiushi ( 樛氏 ) .
Sir Thomas Berkeley ( 11 July 1575 -- 22 November 1611 ) was the son and heir apparent of Henry Berkeley , 7th Baron Berkeley , and a Member of Parliament for Gloucestershire from 1604 until 1611 .
Born in Stockholm , Mårten Eskil Winge was the son of the rector and vicar Isaac Martin Winge and Andrietta Sophia Rothman .
Verena Wagner Lafferentz ( born 2 December 1920 ) is the fourth child and youngest daughter of Winifred and Siegfried Wagner and the granddaughter of German composer Richard Wagner .
She Be Wild was sired by Offlee Wild , who was sired by Wild Again .
Rebbetzin Menucha Rochel Slonim ( 1798 - -1888 ) was a daughter of Rabbi Dovber Schneuri , the second Rebbe of the Chabad Hasidic dynasty .
John FitzAlan , 2nd Baron Arundel , 2nd Baron Maltravers jure matris , also called John de Arundel ( 30 November 1364 -- 14 August 1390 ) , of Buckland , Surrey , was the son of John FitzAlan , 1st Baron Arundel and Eleanor Maltravers .
Goldikova was bred by Alain and Gérard Wertheimer and sired by July Cup winner Anabaa .
EuroChem is 92 % owned by Andrey Melnichenko , who ranks 56th in the Forbes world billionaires list ( 6th wealthiest in Russia ) with his personal wealth of US$ 14.4bn as of 2013 .
CuteCircuit is a fashion company based in London founded in 2004 by Ryan Genz and Francesca Rosella .
Medrek ( officially the `` Forum for Democratic Dialogue in Ethiopia '' ) is an Ethiopian opposition political coalition founded in 2008 which contested the Ethiopian general election , 2010 .
Little Birdy are an Australian indie rock band formed in Perth , Western Australia in 2002 by singer and guitarist Katy Steele , drummer Matt Chequer , guitarist and keyboardist Simon Leach , and bass guitarist Scott O'Donoghue .
3X Krazy was an American hip hop group formed in Oakland , California in 1994 .
Julian Drive are an American contemporary Christian music and Christian alternative rock band from Athens , Georgia , and they were formed in 2004 .
MoCADA was founded in 1999 by Laurie Cumbo in a building owned by the historical Bridge Street AWME Church in the heart of the Bedford - Stuyvesant community in Brooklyn , New York .
Ring of Honor ( ROH ) is an American professional wrestling promotion , founded in 2002 by RF Video owner Rob Feinstein .
The company was founded in 1826 as a partnership between members of the Pilkington and Greenall families , based in St Helens , Lancashire .
Since its founding in 1985 , Action Target has increased its inventory to include over 4,000 products .
Tenhults IBK was a floorball club in Tenhult , Sweden , established 1988 .
Three federal agencies and 700 volunteers launched the first National Public Lands Day in 1994 .
Kennedy - Kenrick Catholic High School was established through a merger of Archbishop Kennedy High School in Conshohocken and Bishop Kenrick High School in Norristown , and opened in September 1993 .
University Senior College opened its doors in 2002 , designed to provide secondary education suited to senior high school students intending to move on to study at university ;
The Haunted is a Swedish heavy metal supergroup from Gothenburg , formed in 1996 .
Rainforest Films was a film production company founded in 1994 by Rob Hardy and Will Packer that produced films geared towards African - Americans .
WGAC - FM signed on in November 1992 as an alternative rock outlet named `` Channel Z 95.1 '' , giving the area its first station playing that type of music .
Necessary Records is a record label based in the UK , founded by Warren Clarke , a former A&R executive at London Records and Edel , in 2003 .
Berkley Books is an imprint of Penguin Group ( USA ) that began as an independent company in 1955 .
RTL II started broadcasting on 6 March 1993 at 6:09 a.m. with the movie Ein reizender Fratz .
In 1996 , the American Association of Colleges of Nursing ( AACN ) , as the national advocacy organization for America 's baccalaureate and higher - degree nursing education programs , created the autonomous accrediting arm of the organization , the Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education ( CCNE ) .
Grooby Productions is a company founded in 1996 and based in Los Angeles , CA , producing transgender online adult entertainment .
Flyvista began operations on 5 August 2014 .
Beijing Social and Economic Research Institute was the first independent political think tank in China , which was created in 1986 by members of the Beijing Spring group , in an aftermath of the Democracy Wall events of 1978 - 79 .
The Federal University of Agriculture , Abeokuta , Ogun State , or FUNAAB , ( FUNAAB ) was established on 1 January 1988 by the Federal Government when four universities of technology , earlier merged in 1984 , were demerged .
The David Gemmell Legend Awards were established in memory of David Gemmell and first awarded in 2009 .
The Sonoma County Water Agency was created as a special district in 1949 by the California Legislature to provide flood protection and water supply services .
In 1999 , Nexol , Inc. ( now Celltrion Healthcare Co. , Ltd. ) a global business management consulting firm founded .
Established in 2010 , the Crime City Rollers comprises one home team and two traveling teams representing the league in competition with other leagues .
In 1840 , the province of Holland was split into the two provinces of North Holland and South Holland .
Founded in 1987 , Nando 's operates about 1,000 outlets in 30 countries .
Deeds of Flesh is a four - piece death metal band from Los Osos , California , U.S. They were formed in 1993 by Jacoby Kingston , Erik Lindmark ( Born 1973 ) and Joey Heaslet and are still active .
Northern Flowers was a Russian language literary almanac published yearly in Saint Petersburg from 1825 to 1832 .
The Institute for Anarchist Studies ( IAS ) is a non - profit organization founded by Chuck W. Morse in 1996 , following the anarchist - communist school of thought , to assist anarchist writers and further develop the theoretical aspects of the anarchist movement .
The company was established as Norsk Hydro -- the world 's first producer of mineral nitrogen fertilizers -- in 1905 and demerged as Yara International ASA on March 25 , 2004 .
Founded in 1965 as the Nagarjuna Sagar Engineering College , it was established as a university in 1972 by The Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Act , 1972 , also combining colleges in Kakinada and Anantapur .
The Greater Manchester University Technical College ( formally Greater Manchester Sustainable Engineering University Technical College ) is a University Technical College that opened in September 2014 in Oldham , Greater Manchester , United Kingdom .
Haïti Trans Air was an airline based in Port - au - Prince , Haiti , which was operational from 1986 to 1995 .
Coming from a background of alpine ski racing , Richard D. Hunter founded ProSlide Technology Inc. in 1986 .
Viva Air , whose complete name in Spanish was Vuelos Internacionales de Vacaciones ( International Vacation Flights , ) was founded on 24 February 1988 by Iberia and Lufthansa .
Originally formed to develop radio frequency identification technologies , HID Global was formed in 1991 as Hughes Identification Devices , a subsidiary of Hughes Aircraft Company with offices in California and Scotland .
The Walters Art Museum , located in Mount Vernon - Belvedere , Baltimore , Maryland , is a public art museum founded and opened in 1934 , with collections created during the mid-19th Century .
Opened in 1979 as Saddleback College North Campus , Irvine Valley College received its current name and independent status in July 1985 .
Society for Laboratory Automation and Screening ( SLAS ) was formed in 2010 as a merger between the Association for Laboratory Automation and the Society for Biomolecular Sciences .
Portland Hotel Society ( PHS ) is a Canadian non - profit society created in 1993 to provide advocacy , housing , services , and opportunities , for the marginalized citizens of Vancouver 's Downtown Eastside .
Austin Lightning was an American soccer team , founded in 2002 , originally with the name Lafayette Lightning .
Couch Fort Records was a Chicago based record label founded in 2002 that released electronic music compilations .
Syro - Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Adilabad was created by Pope John Paul II on July 23 , 1999 .
Gap Dream is an American psychedelic synthpop band founded by Gabe Fulvimar in 2012 in Fullerton , California .
TV Puls is a Polish commercial television channel , which was based on Telewizja Niepokalanów with the support of companies such as PKN Orlen , KGHM Polska Miedź , PZU Życie , Prokom and which started broadcasting in March 2001 .
Empty Stares was an alternative rock band from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , U.S. that was formed in 1992 and ended in 1997 .
The University of Cyprus ( UCY ; Greek : Πανεπιστήμιο Κύπρου , Turkish : Kıbrıs Üniversitesi ) is a public coeducational university established by the Republic of Cyprus in 1989 .
Designed by local architects Cornelius Sherlock and H. H. Vale , the Walker Art Gallery was opened on 6 September 1877 by Edward Henry Stanley , 15th Earl of Derby .
The FC Penzberg was formed on 14 March 1920 but was actually a continuation of the local gymnastics clubs football department which had existed before the First World War .
Toonzai was a Saturday morning cartoon block that aired on The CW from May 24 , 2008 to August 18 , 2012 .
The Aspen Institute is an international nonprofit organization founded in 1950 as the Aspen Institute of Humanistic Studies .
Shanti Bhavan was established in August 1997 as a project of The George Foundation to help economically and socially disadvantaged children , mostly Dalit children , in rural India , specifically in the Tamil Nadu , Andhra Pradesh , and Karnataka areas .
Sanzaru Games is an American video game development company founded in 2007 in California .
Formed in 1975 as Kayseri Emniyetspor ( Real Kayserispor was founded in 1966 became Kayseri Erciyesspor in 2004 ) , Kayserispor are nicknamed Anadolu Yıldızı ( The Star of Anatolia ) .
Founded by Mike Miller , The Alaska Wildlife Conservation Center opened in 1993 as the for - profit Big Game Alaska .
The Cincinnati Kings Indoor Team was an American arena soccer team founded in 2008 .
It operated as Calljet , then Ourjet , then Bookajet from 2003 until it was rebranded as Club 328 in 2004 .
It was founded in Eindhoven in 1891 by Gerard Philips and his father Frederik .
The Wildlife Protection Society of India ( WPSI ) was founded in 1994 by Belinda Wright , its Executive Director , who was an award - winning wildlife photographer and filmmaker till she took up the cause of conservation .
The Inquisition Tribunal , also known as The Court of the Inquisition or The Inquisition Scene ( Spanish : Escena de Inquisición ) , is an 18x29 inch oil - on - panel painting produced by the Spanish artist Francisco Goya between 1812 and 1819 .
Tom and Lyn Richards went on to form QSR International in 1995 .
Oslo Børs Holding ASA was the holding company that owned Oslo Stock Exchange of Norway from 2001 to 2008 .
CFH Racing was an American auto racing team that competed in the IndyCar Series The team was founded in August 2014 via a merger between Sarah Fisher Hartman Racing and Ed Carpenter Racing , and debuted in 2015 .
The initial frame for Jaaga was erected in August 2009 .
Ideapod is a social media platform founded in 2013 .
The Colorado Midland Railway ( reporting mark CM ) , incorporated in 1883 , was the first standard gauge railroad built over the Continental Divide in Colorado .
The Western Climate Initiative , or WCI , was started in February 2007 by the governors of five western U.S. states ( AZ , CA , NM , OR , and WA ) with the goal of developing a multi - sector , market - based program to reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
Founded in 1897 , Bradley University currently enrolls 5,700 students .
The Tehran Stock Exchange ( TSE ) ( Persian : بورس اوراق بهادار تهران‎‎ ) is Iran 's largest stock exchange , which first opened in 1967 .
Coronatus is a German Symphonic metal band , formed in Ludwigsburg , Germany in 1999 .
North America Western Asia Holdings , ( NAWAH ) is an investment firm founded in 2011 .
Mail Boxes Etc . , Inc. was founded in 1980 in the United States , and grew to be the world 's largest franchisor of retail shipping , postal and business service centers .
Funeral Diner ( 1998 - -2007 ) was a screamo band from Half Moon Bay , California , located near San Francisco , playing self - described `` screamy , chaotic , melodic hardcore . ''
The Alberta Railway Museum opened in 1976 in a historic spot , on the former Canadian Northern Railway Coronado Subdivision .
Imperial Innovations was founded in 1986 as a department of Imperial College London , later becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of the College .
Sei - Sociedade de Educação Integral , known as Colégio Integral , has been in the city of Curitiba in Brazil since 1989 , focused on the pedagogic methods of Célestin Freinet .
Since 2009 , the BRICS nations have met annually at formal summits .
The Electoral Commission of Queensland ( ECQ ) is an independent statutory authority which was established in 1992 to impartially conduct Queensland elections at both the Parliamentary and local government levels .
The American Medical Association ( AMA ) , founded in 1847 and incorporated in 1897 , is the largest association of physicians -- both MDs and DOs -- and medical students in the United States .
It was created on December 15 , 1995 by the Loi sur l'Agence métropolitaine de transport ( English : AMT Act ) and took over from the STCUM 's commuter rail service on January 1 , 1996 .
The State Security Council ( SSC ) was formed in South Africa in 1972 to advise the government on the country 's national policy and strategy concerning security , its implementation and determining security priorities .
The municipalities of Valendas , Versam , Safien and Tenna merged on 1 January 2013 into the new municipality of Safiental .
Ravi 's International is a high - fashion custom clothing company founded in 1991 in Thailand , by tailor and entrepreneur Mr. Ravi Daswani , whose family has been in the clothing business for three generations .
Island Cruises was founded in 2001 by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. and First Choice Holidays PLC , and began operations in 2002 with one ship , the Island Escape .
KIU Academy was founded in 1999 by the parent organization Kyoto International University as a school to provide an international education in both English and Japanese to where the graduates would be bilingual and bi - cultural .
Founded in 1985 , as the original online freight and vehicle exchange and headquartered in Brussels , Belgium , Teleroute has operations in 27 European countries .
Originally started in 1888 by Karl Theodor Rösle as an industrial roofing manufacturer , Rösle expanded into kitchen utensils prior to World War II . The company saw rapid growth throughout the 1950s and onwards and in 1993 the Rösle brand became solely dedicated to kitchen tools .
Orne is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution , on 4 March 1790 .
Konkhra is a Danish death metal band formed in Køge in 1989 .
Allana College of Architecture was established in 1999 , by the M.C.E. Society .
Amaru Entertainment was founded by Tupac Shakur 's mother , Afeni Shakur , in early 1997 to handle the release of the unreleased material her son had created before his death on September 13 , 1996 .
Khoren and Shooshanig Avedisian School is public school in the Malatia - Sebastia District of Yerevan , Armenia , founded in 1999 by the Armenian Missionary Association of America .
For Today is an American Christian metalcore band from Sioux City , Iowa , formed in 2005 .
Webvan was founded in the heyday of the dot - com bubble in 1996 by Louis Borders , who also co - founded the Borders bookstore in 1971 .
The American Association of Anthropological Genetics ( AAAG ) is an educational and scientific organization founded in 1994 .
Mpiri was formed in January 1998 by Marjun Hoydal , Bogi Peturson Nielsen , Bogi Mouritsen and Tróndur Bogason .
Insane Championship Wrestling ( ICW ) is a British wrestling promotion based in Glasgow , Scotland , founded by Mark Dallas in 2006 .
It took six years from the initial idea for a major new piece of public art to the unveiling of Sky Mirror on 27 April 2001 , and cost £ 900,000 .
Based on a chamber of commerce initiative and launched in 2001 , Supinfogame trains students in game design , game art , management and game programming .
Lahneck Castle was built in 1226 by the Archbishop of Mainz Siegfried III of Eppstein to protect his territory at the mouth of the Lahn , where the town of Oberlahnstein and a silver mine had come into the possession of the Archbishopric in 1220 .
Two priests from Birmingham arrived in September 1990 and , in 1993 , the Oxford Oratory was established as an independent Congregation .
It is named after Melitta Bentz ( 1873 - -1950 ) who founded the company after she invented the drip brew paper coffee filter ( German patent granted July 8 , 1908 ) .
The first part of IANOS Culture Chain was created in September 1984 in Thessaloniki , Greece by Nikos Karatzas .
Recognized as the first company in the industry to develop IT test prep products , Kaplan SelfTest launched its first offering in 1992 : the `` Big Red Self Test '' for the Novell NetWare certification .
YouNow was founded by Adi Sideman in September 2011 , but significantly grew in popularity during 2014 and 2015 following significant changes to the service .
Distortion Mirrors is an English alternative rock band , based in Leeds , West Yorkshire , England , and who was formed in 2011 .
Pailan Arrows was founded as the AIFF XI in 2010 under the recommendation of then India head coach Bob Houghton and All India Football Federation president Praful Patel after Bob noticed that almost all the India U19 and India U23 players were on the bench during the I - League season and were never getting any game time .
Shazna ( stylized as SHAZNA ) was a Japanese visual kei rock band originally active from 1993 to 2000 .
Hyperium Records was a German independent record label specializing in darkwave , neoclassical , ethereal , gothic rock , and ambient music , founded by Oliver Roesch ( also known as `` Oli '' Roesch ) and Oliver van Essenberg in 1991 .
The Indian Stammering Association launched its official website on 15 August 2009 .
The ZOOperstars ! were created by brothers , Dominic and Brennan Latkovski in 1998 .
The Ottawa Giants were a professional minor - league baseball team based in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada that operated in 1951 after the relocation of an existing Triple - A franchise , the Jersey City Giants .
FC Pskov-747 ( Russian : ФК `` Псков-747 '' ) is an association football club from Pskov , Russia , founded in 2006 .
Created by the Fédération des travailleurs et travailleuses du Québec ( FTQ ) , Québec 's largest labour body , the Fonds de solidarité FTQ was created on June 23 , 1983 through legislation enacted by the province 's National Assembly .
The company Bitly , Inc. was established in 2008 .
Created in 1991 by the PEN American Center , the PEN / Open Book program ensures custodians of language and literature are representative of the American people .
In 1548 the line was split between a Harz line ( Stolberg - Stolberg ) and a Rhenish line which had possessions in Rochefort ( Stolberg - Rochefort ) and Königstein i m Taunus ( Stolberg - Königstein ) .
The British Waterways Board was initially established as a result of the Transport Act 1962 and took control of the inland waterways assets of the British Transport Commission in 1963 .
Melbourne Wesley Cummings and Lew Addison Cummings founded Addison - Wesley in 1942 , with the first book published by Addison - Wesley being MIT professor Francis Weston Sears 's Mechanics .
Helpline Telecoms Nigeria Limited was incorporated as a private limited liability Company in 2003 .
Planes of Fame Air Museum was founded by Edward T. Maloney on January 12 , 1957 in Claremont , California , to save historically important aircraft .
The Jozef Kroner Awards ( in Slovak : Cena Jozefa Kronera ) are bestowed annually since 2001 by the Jozef Kroner Foundation , which was established after the death of Jozef Kroner to remember his art and personality .
Miss Earth United Kingdom identified held for first time in 2005 .
Polish Military Organisation , PMO ( Polish : Polska Organizacja Wojskowa , POW ) was a secret military organization created by Józef Piłsudski in August 1914 , and officially named in November 1914 , during World War I. Its tasks were to gather intelligence and sabotage the enemies of the Polish people .
Netvigator dial - up Internet Access Service was first launched under Hong Kong Telecom IMS Limited under the directorship of Dr. William Lo on 18 April 1996 .
Duke of Osuna is a Spanish noble title that was first awarded in 1562 by King Philip II of Spain to Don Pedro Girón de la Cueva , ( Osuna , Sevilla , 29 July 1537 - -1590 ) .
Anime Central was formed in 1998 due to the lack of anime gatherings in the Central United States .
The Korean Confederation of Trade Unions ( KCTU ) , also known as Minju - nochong ( Korean : 민주노총 ; acronym for KCTU in Korean language ) is a national trade union centre officially established in 1995 .
The Internet Society ( ISOC ) is an international , non - profit organization founded in 1992 to provide leadership in Internet - related standards , education , and policy .
Nosound started as a project by Giancarlo in 2002 .
The Coalition démocratique de Montréal ( English : Democratic Coalition of Montreal ) was a left - of - center municipal political party that existed in Montreal , Quebec , Canada from 1989 to 2001 .
The Science Group were an avant - rock group founded in France in 1997 by English drummer Chris Cutler from Henry Cow and Yugoslav contemporary classical composer and keyboardist Stevan Tickmayer .
Campaign Against an EU Constitution ( CAEUC ) was a coalition left - wing political parties , organisations , trade unionists and individuals in Ireland , formed in 2005 to campaign against the anticipated European Union Constitution referendum .
KBLZ , which signed on in 1998 ( as KBKV ) , and KAZE , whose sign - on was in 1989 ( as KWSK , licensed previously to Daingerfield ) , have been simulcasting their format since 1999 .
The business was founded by Mike Wilson CBE , Sir Mark Weinberg and Lord Rothschild in 1991 as J Rothschild Assurance Group , later changed to St. James 's Place plc . In 1992 , the Directors of J Rothschild Assurance Group established a Charitable Foundation .
In 1993 , FitTV was launched as Cable Health Club , part of Tim and Pat Robertson 's International Family Entertainment , which also then owned the Family Channel ( now Freeform ) .
Loaded Records was a UK dance record label formed in 1990 by Tim Jeffery and JC Reid .
The Kentucky Bisons were a basketball team in the American Basketball Association which began play in 2008 - 09 , play in the South Central division .
Coral Sun Airways is one , and the younger , of the two Kiribati airlines ( next to flag carrier Air Kiribati ) , established in January 2009 .
Norther formed under the name Requiem ( Lindroos , Korpas , Hallio ) in 1996 after various early stage band formations .
Lacoste ( French pronunciation : ​(laˈkɔst ) ) is a French clothing company founded in 1933 that sells high - end clothing , footwear , perfume , leather goods , watches , eyewear , and most famously polo shirts .
The South London Thunderbirds are South London Storm 's sixth satellite club and were formed in November 2008 to specifically cater for girls over the age of 11 who wish to continue playing Rugby League .
Founded in 1945 , Wellcome is Hong Kong 's longest - established supermarket chain .
Formed in 2001 by Haim Saban , Saban Capital Group owns Saban Brands , part of Univision Communications , and part of Celestial Tiger Entertainment .
History The Psychonomic Society was founded by a group of experimental psychologists during a meeting in Chicago , Illinois , in December 1959 .
Named after founder Ben Serotta , the company was founded in 1972 .
Bleeding Oath were an English progressive rock band from London , formed in 2009 .
In 1996 , Boots developed the concept for Edmund Welles , and began arranging and composing for it .
The Criminal Justice Commission was established in 1989 by the Queensland Criminal Justice Act 1989 , following widespread corruption amongst high - level Queensland politicians and police officers being uncovered in the Fitzgerald Inquiry .
Limmud International , founded in 2006 , is a volunteer - led Jewish international organisation , based in London and chaired by David Hoffman , who leads a steering group which is supported by a professional coordinator , Dani Serlin .
Big Apple Pizza ( Hebrew : ביג אפל פיצה‎ ) is an Israeli pizza chain with 9 branches throughout Israel , founded in 1986 .
Iggy 's was opened in 2004 by owner and chef / sommelier Ignatius Chan .
Asianet Movies is a 24-hour Malayalam TV channel from the Asianet Communications Limited launched on 15 July 2012 .
Caparo was founded by Lord Swraj Paul , in 1968 .
ECBACC , Inc. was founded in 2002 by Yumy Odom , a multidisciplinary educator , scientist and researcher affiliated with Temple University , and Maurice Waters .
Swervedriver are an English alternative rock band formed in Oxford in 1989 around core members Adam Franklin and Jimmy Hartridge .
The Arden School of Theatre was founded jointly by the Royal Exchange Theatre , Manchester and South Manchester College in 1991 by the Senior Curriculum Manager Robert S Ely , to provide vocational degree level theatrical education in the North of England , one of the first to provide theatrical degrees in the United Kingdom .
The Computer Measurement Group ( CMG ) , founded in 1974 , is a worldwide non - profit organization of data processing professionals whose work involves measuring and managing the performance of computing systems .
Berbee was founded in 1993 by James G. Berbee and it grew to over 300 million USD in revenue and more than 800 employees at the time of its sale in October 2006 .
The MIT Sloan School of Management began in 1914 , as the engineering administration curriculum ( `` Course 15 '' ) in the MIT Department of Economics and Statistics .
Combining improvisation along with video segments , Ad - Libs was conceived by Phil Larsson in 1986 .
Wabash National was founded as a start - up in 1985 and has been publicly traded since 1991 .
Prodrive was founded in 1984 by Ian Parry and David Richards , the latter is now the chairman of the group .
Touchmate is a computer products manufacturing company founded in 1988 .
The King Faisal Foundation was established in 1976 by the sons of King Faisal of Saudi Arabia .
The Manchester School of Architecture ( MSA ) was formed in 1996 with the merger of the architecture departments of the University of Manchester and Manchester Metropolitan University , in England .
Change.org was launched on February 7 , 2007 , by current chief executive Ben Rattray , with the support of founding chief technology officer Mark Dimas , Darren Haas , and Adam Cheyer .
The La Crosse Bobcats were a Continental Basketball Association basketball team located in La Crosse , Wisconsin from 1996 to the league 's bankruptcy in February 2001 .
The origins of Australian Motor Industries can be traced back to 1926 when J.F. Crosby decided to invest in Eclipse Motors Pty Ltd of Melbourne .
Albert Gallatin High School was originally created in 1951 , consolidating the Masontown and Point Marion high schools at the present - day AG Middle School South campus , near Point Marion .
Six Mile Grove was founded in 1997 in Lyle , Minnesota ( population 566 ) by brothers Brandon and Brian Sampson , Barry Nelson and Dezi Wallace .
Pingboard was founded in 2013 by Bill Boebel and Rob Eanes , and has grown to nine employees .
The Crimes Town Gallery in Stoke Newington has been operating since July 2007 .
The Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts of India ( ICFAI ) was established in 1984 as a not - for - profit educational society in Telangana , India .
The Prayner Conservatory of Music and Dramatic Arts in Vienna licensed by the Austrian authorities founded in 1905 , and has developed into one of the most well - known and historical conservatories in the city of Vienna .
The court was established on 1 January 2006 , with the merger of Indre Follo District Court and Ytre Follo District Court .
Plexifilm is an independent DVD label and film production company co - founded by Gary Hustwit ( formerly VP of Salon.com ) and Sean Anderson ( formerly Director of DVD Development of The Criterion Collection ) in 2001 .
Formed in 1986 , Del Arno Band are considered the longest lasting Serbian reggae band , and one of the pioneers of Serbian and former Yugoslav reggae scenes .
Panama Claro Championship 2016 Ryan Armour 2015 Mathew Goggin 2014 Carlos Ortiz 2013 Kevin Foley 2012 Edward Loar 2011 Mathew Goggin 2010 Fran Quinn Panama Digicel Championship 2009 Vance Veazey Panama Movistar Championship 2008 Scott Dunlap Movistar Panama Championship 2007 Miguel Carballo 2006 Tripp Isenhour BellSouth Panama Championship 2005 Vance Veazey 2004 Jimmy Walker
The 1st ZAI Awards , honoring the best in the Slovak music industry for individual achievements for the year of 1990 , took place at the Hotel Kiev in Bratislava in 1991 .
Malaysia Airports Berhad was incorporated in 1991 when the Malaysian Parliament passed a bill to separate the Department of Civil Aviation ( DCA ) into two entities with different spheres of responsibilities .
The West Coast Lightning is an expansion team of the Women 's Football Alliance set to begin play in 2012 .
The Bohus Breeding Center Foundation ( Stiftelsen Bohus Avelscentrum ) was founded on 8 March 1988 and Nordens Ark was inaugurated by Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden on 14 June 1989 .
The Syrian National Youth Party is a political party that was approved on 14 March 2012 following the Syrian constitutional referendum , 2012 that introduced multi party elections into Syria .
The History of Education Society is a professional organization for American historians of education founded in 1960 .
The World Habitat Awards were established in 1985 by the Building and Social Housing Foundation as part of its contribution to the United Nations ' International Year of Shelter for the Homeless in 1987 .
The Heritage Flight Museum is a non - profit organization founded by the family of Apollo 8 astronaut William Anders in 1996 at the Bellingham International Airport ( KBLI ) in Bellingham , Washington .
Torabi , Chudley , Measures and Keddie ( along with bass player Laurie Osbourne ) all relocated to Leyton , East London in 1994 and formed The Monsoon Bassoon .
The Kniksen Award ( Norwegian : Kniksenprisen ) , established in 1990 , honors the best players in the Norwegian football premiership .
Desert Ridge High School ( DRHS ) was founded in 2002 in Mesa , Arizona and is part of Gilbert Public Schools .
The Bardiya National Park ( Nepali : बर्दिया राष्ट्रिय निकुञ्ज ; Bardiya Rastriya Nikunja.ogg ) , also spelled Bardia , is a protected area in Nepal that was established in 1988 as Royal Bardia National Park .
Lumosity.com launched in 2007 and , as of January 2015 , has 70 million members .
ITC Transmission was founded in 1999 as International Transmission Co. , a subsidiary of Detroit Edison ( since renamed DTE Energy Electric Company , itself a subsidiary of DTE Energy ) , charged in the ownership , operation and maintenance of Detroit Edison 's transmission system .
Shihezi University is a university in Shihezi , Xinjiang , founded in April 1996 under the integration of institutional colleges by the Ministry of Education and the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps .
Glentauchers distillery is a Speyside Scottish whisky distillery , founded in 1897 .
Depth Affect was a French music group , active from 2004 to 2012 .
Delhi Public School , Ranchi was established on 17 July 1989 .
S.S. Cosmos is a Sanmarinese football club , based in Serravalle and founded in 1979 .
The Dublin Writers Museum was opened in November 1991 at No 18 , Parnell Square , Dublin , Ireland .
HMF Engineering was founded in 1997 by Hans Luenger in Cleveland , Ohio , USA .
Hjemkomst Center first opened in 1985 and serves as a home to Hjemkomst Viking Ship , Hopperstad Stave Church replica , quarterly museum exhibits , and county archives .
Scorpion Child is an American hard rock band from Austin , Texas , formed in 2006 .
With the grand opening in 2011 , Westchester 's Ridge Hill features a variety of retail stores , restaurants , condominiums , and offices .
The IHF Emerging Nations Championship is a men 's handball tournament organized by the International Handball Federation since 2015 , directed to play with emerging teams .
Samsung Capital Co , Ltd. is a Korean financial company , established in 1999 with headquarters in Seoul , Korea .
The Santa Cruz Surfing Museum is a museum which was established in May 1986 to document the history of surfing .
The Society of Illustrators was founded on February 1 , 1901 , by a group of nine artists and one advising businessman .
The club was founded in 1909 and its pavilion is the Palau d'Esports Reus Deportiu with a capacity of 2,500 seats .
The Utah Chamber Artists , based in Salt Lake City , Utah , was established in 1991 by Music Director Barlow Bradford .
Nestlé was formed in 1905 by the merger of the Anglo - Swiss Milk Company , established in 1866 by brothers George Page and Charles Page , and Farine Lactée Henri Nestlé , founded in 1866 by Henri Nestlé ( born Heinrich Nestle ) .
Formed in 2008 in Houston by Whitney Flynn and Jesse Sendejas as a duo , over the years Days N ' Daze have taken on other musicians to create a full recording and touring band .
The FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship , previously known as the European Championship for Men ' 22 and Under ' , is a basketball competition inaugurated in 1992 .
Alacritech was founded in 1997 by technology pioneer Larry Boucher , the author of the SCSI standard and founder of both Auspex and Adaptec .
Imaginet LLC was founded in 1991 as a NeXT Computer and Apple Computer publishing Value Added Reseller .
Appster is an Australian app development agency , founded in 2011 .
The company was founded in 1903 by August Storck , who later became August Oberwelland .
A Prospect of Derby is a 1725 painting by an unknown artist that shows the layout of Derby in the early 18th century .
Agricultural Development Bank of Zimbabwe was established as a commercial bank in 1999 , according to the website of the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe .
Afenginn , which means intoxication and strength in old norse , is a contemporary folk / world music band formed in Copenhagen in 2002 .
Julie 's Haircut is an Italian neo - psychedelic rock group formed in Emilia between Modena and Reggio Emilia in 1994 .
The 4onthefloor is an American rock and roll band from Minneapolis , MN , formed in 2009 .
Hothouse Creations was a UK computer game developer , founded in 1996 .
The alternative education program at City Park Collegiate Institute ( CPCI ) was established in 1986 to meet the needs of students having difficulty in the regular school setting .
This was established by merging two existing village development committees i.e. Triveni and Katari on 18 May 2014 .
The Canon EOS-1D is a 4-megapixel professional digital single - lens reflex camera launched in November 2001 .
The restaurant became Taylor 's Automatic Refresher when the first location re - opened in St. Helena in 1999 , and ( in the aftermath of a trademark dispute , and over the protests of the Taylor family ) was renamed in 2010 as Gott 's Roadside .
Ability Plus Software is a software development company , founded in 1991 for the purposes of developing and marketing the Ability branded products :
The Latin America Memorial ( in Portuguese , Memorial da América Latina ) is a cultural , political and leisure complex , inaugurated in 1989 , in São Paulo , Brazil .
Saturday Night Engine , 1995 Broder Daniel , 1996 Broder Daniel Forever , 1998 Singles , 2000 Cruel Town , 2003 No Time For Us ( 1989 - -2004 ) , 2005 The Demos 1989 - 1997 , 2005
Springbank School , founded in 1996 , is an independent co - educational school in Kerikeri , Bay of Islands , New Zealand .
The Lesbian Organization of Toronto ( L.O.O.T. or LOOT ) was a multi - faceted lesbian organization founded in 1976 and disbanded in 1980 .
The Multicore Association , founded in 2005 , is a member - funded , non - profit , industry consortium focused on the creation of open standard APIs , specifications , and guidelines that allow system developers and programmers to more readily adopt multicore technology into their applications .
Zee Jagran ( also known as India in hindusam ) is an Indian free - to - air TV channel launched by Zee Network on 1 September 2003 .
The Federation of European Nutrition Societies ( FENS ) is a non - profit association , established in 1979 as a roof organization for the national nutrition societies in Europe , with each country represented by its representative Nutrition Society or Association within FENS .
Queen Arwa University is a Yemeni private , university founded in 1996 in Yemen and named after Queen Arwa .
Vaeda is an American three - piece alternative rock band formed in Brooklyn , New York in 2003 .
Trondheim Energi was founded in 1901 as Trondhjems Elektricitetsværk og Sporvei to build a power plant in Øvre Leirfoss and operate the Trondheim Tramway .
Size Five Games ( formerly Zombie Cow Studios ) is a British independent video game developer founded by Dan Marshall in 2008 .
From a footballing perspective those events prompted the founding , on 18 January 1992 , of the Football Federation of Armenia .
Bell sold the El Tacos to his partner and built the first Taco Bell in Downey in 1962 .
Havas was the first French news agency , created in 1835 emerged in the age of the Austro - Hungarian Empire .
Hailing from Detroit , Michigan , Majesty Crush formed in 1990 and broke up in 1995 .
Founded in 1830 on an abandoned station of the London Missionary Society , and initially named Toverberg after a nearby hill , it was renamed Colesberg after Sir Galbraith Lowry Cole , then Governor of the Cape Colony .
North Jersey Valkyries is an American women 's soccer team , founded in 2009 based in Wayne , New Jersey , United States .
After working with several promotions in the New York Tri - State and New England regions , Gertner launched MXW Pro Wrestling in late 2004 .
The Leg were formed in 2006 by Dan Mutch , Pete Harvey and Alun Thomas .
OTRAG was founded in 1975 by the German aerospace engineer Lutz Kayser .
Fierce Angel is a UK - based record label set up in 2006 by DJ Mark Doyle .
Arçelik was founded in 1955 and entered the Turkish white goods sector by producing its first washing machine in 1959 and its first refrigerator in 1960 .
Air Sylhet plc was founded in early 2007 , by British Bangladeshi businessmen from the Sylhet region of Bangladesh .
Net4Mobility was founded April 2009 and currently operates in the 800 , 900 , 1800 and 2600 MHz bands .
The Swedish Film Institute ( Swedish : Svenska Filminstitutet ) was founded in 1963 to support and develop the Swedish film industry .
In 1986 , after Ted Turner sold MGM to Kirk Kerkorian , MGM formed MGM Music for the licensing of music of which MGM owns the rights .
Prickly Paradigm Press is a new incarnation of Prickly Pear Pamphlets , which was started in 1993 , in Cambridge , England , by anthropologists Keith Hart and Anna Grimshaw .
The Straits Chinese Jewellery Museum was then opened in October 2012 .
The Shilpguru awards were first introduced in 2002 where 10 eminent Master Craftpersons were honoured with `` Shilp Guru '' title by the President of India .
WTAK - FM was originally known by the call sign WYAM - FM and went on the air around November 1991 .
The Thorns are an American acoustic rock band formed in 2002 as a project of Matthew Sweet , Pete Droge , and Shawn Mullins .
Eshhar was established in 1986 by a gar'in comprising this group together with other English - speaking and Israeli families .
The Romanian National Unity Party ( Romanian : Partidul Unităţii Naţionale a Românilor , PUNR ) was a nationalist political party in Romania between 1990 and 2006 .
Euralair was founded in 1964 as an air - taxi and executive charter company .
Wannabe Jalva is a Space Groove Rock band formed in 2011 by Tiago Abrahao ( guitar / bass / seq ) , Felipe Puperi ( vocal / guitar ) , Rafael Rocha ( vocal / guitar / bass ) and Fernando Paulista ( drums ) in Porto Alegre , Brazil .
Acharya Balkrishna established Patanjali Ayurved Limited in 2006 along with Baba Ramdev with the objective of establishing science of Ayurveda in accordance and coordinating with the latest technology and ancient wisdom .
Mindspeed Technologies was formed from the spin - off of the Network Access division of Conexant Systems , Inc. to shareowners on June 27 , 2003 ; creating two independent , publicly traded communications semiconductor companies .
Conservation International was founded in 1987 with the aim of analyzing the problems most dangerous or harmful to nature and building a foundation dedicated to solving these issues on a global scale .
Kanal 7 ( English : Channel 7 ) is a Turkish nationwide TV channel established in 1994 .
Government Residential Women 's Polytechnic Latur ( GRWPL ) is Maharashtra 's first women 's polytechnic founded in 1994 .
1987 founded as FC Stankostroitel Smorgon 1993 renamed to FC Smorgon
Lujo Records is a United States independent record label that was founded in 2001 by Erik Aucoin who was a student at Nicholls State University in Thibodaux , Louisiana at the time .
Global Network for Rights and Development ( commonly known as GNRD ) is a Norwegian non - governmental human rights organization established in June 2008 .
The Lansdowne Folk Club , Lansdowne , Pennsylvania , was founded in October 1992 by Lee and Flossie Jones , Mike Joyce and John and Kate Hetherington .
Acceptcard Pro Cycling , also known as Team Acceptcard was a Danish professional road bicycle racing team in 1998 and 1999 .
CSAV ( Compañía Sudamericana de Vapores ) is a Chilean shipping company that is currently the largest company of its type in Latin America and also one of the oldest ones , having been founded in 1872 .
In 2001 , Anime Mid - Atlantic became Richmond , Virginia 's first anime convention and was held at the Holiday Inn Select Koger South Conference Center .
Calgary Storm Prospects were a Canadian soccer team , founded in 2002 as the Calgary Storm Select , who were members of the United Soccer Leagues Premier Development League ( PDL ) , the fourth tier of the American Soccer Pyramid , until 2003 , after which the team left the league and the franchise was terminated .
Motortrain is an American southern rock band , formed in 2010 in Westville , Oklahoma .
The Motorhomes was a Swedish rockband from Jönköping that was created in 1997 .
The 1st GLAAD Media Awards ceremony honoring the 1989 season was held in 1990 , and recognized 34 nominees in 7 competitive categories .
The Russian National Union was first formed in 1993 as a hardline splinter group of the nationalist Pamyat organisation .
Airtight Games was an independent video game developer founded in 2004 that was made up of several former members of FASA Studio , Will Vinton Studios and Microsoft , as well as several other studios .
The World Banana Forum ( WBF ) was launched at a conference organized by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations ( FAO ) in Rome in 2009 with the participation of some 150 stakeholders from the whole banana sector worldwide .
Stutterfly was a post - hardcore band formed in 1998 , originally named Uncle Ed 's Private Jet .
The company was founded by Arturo Ceriani in 1951 .
After a highly successful donation drive , the first TechShop officially opened to the public on October 1 , 2006 in Menlo Park , California , in the heart of Silicon Valley .
Seventh Angel are a British Christian metal band that formed in 1987 .
Captain Face are a rock band formed in 2003 in Aberdeen , Scotland .
The Swedish Gold Coast ( Swedish : Svenska Guldkusten ) was a Swedish colony founded in 1650 by Hendrik Carloff on the Gulf of Guinea in present - day Ghana in Africa .
The Waifs ( originally styled as The WAiFS ) are an Australian folk rock band formed in 1992 by sisters Vikki Thorn ( harmonica , guitar , vocals ) and Donna Simpson ( guitar , vocals ) as well as Josh Cunningham ( guitar , vocals ) .
Greggs was founded by John Gregg as a Tyneside bakery in 1939 .
In September 2010 , Orca Health released SpineDecide on the iOS App Store .
Transair Sweden ( not to be confused with another Transair Sweden that operated between 2002 - -2003 ) began as Nordisk Aerotransport AB in 1950 with the purpose of flying newspapers from Stockholm to other locations in Sweden using Airspeed Oxford aircraft .
POLAF was founded in 2012 and has its head office in Midrand , Johannesburg , South Africa .
Modern passenger service on the Greenbush Line began on October 31 , 2007 .
The Office of Minority Health ( OMH ) was created in 1986 and is one of the most significant outcomes of the 1985 Secretary 's Task Force Report on Black and Minority Health , also known as the `` Heckler Report '' .
Founded in 2006 , HyperCity Retail ( India ) Ltd. is part of the K. Raheja Corp. Group , a leader in the Indian retail sector .
The Center for Vision and Values is a conservative think tank established at Grove City College in April 2005 to provide their faculty members with the opportunity to share the fruits of their research and scholarship with the public ..
During December 1984 , the business was reorganized and incorporated as Mari Petroleum Company Limited , and it acquired the assets , liabilities and operational control of the Mari Gas Field .
NamPower was founded in 1964 as the `` South West Africa Water and Electricity Corporation '' ( SWAWEK ) by the government of South Africa .
The largest of Poland 's 23 National Parks , the Biebrza National Park was created on September 9 , 1993 .
Skull Fist was founded in 2006 by guitarist / singer Zach Slaughter in Toronto .
The April 6 Youth Movement Democratic Front ( Arabic : حركة شباب 6 أبريل الجبهة الديمقراطية‎ ) is an Egyptian activist group established in spring 2011 after the differences in the April 6 Youth Movement , led by Ahmed Maher .
Gepida is a Hungarian manufacturer of bicycles established in 1996 .
York County Community College was established in 1994 as York County Technical College ( YCTC ) by the 116th Maine Legislature .
Asia Brewery , Inc. was established by Lucio Tan in January 27 , 1982 with the inauguration of its brewery in Cabuyao , Laguna and the launch of its first brand , Beer Hausen Pale Pilsen .
The Council of Fashion Designers of America , Inc. ( CFDA ) , founded in 1962 by publicist Eleanor Lambert , is a not - for - profit trade association of over 450 prominent American fashion and accessory designers .
Animals That Swim are a musical group who formed in London , England , 1989 , with a line - up of stand - up drums , piano , trumpet and `` a nifty line in clever narrative lyrics '' .
Abhaya School is an Indian school based on the Waldorf curriculum , situated in Rangareddy district near Secunderabad , Hyderabad , India , founded in June 2002 .
Designated as a national park in 1988 , Wolchulsan National Park is South Korea 's smallest at only 56.6 km2 ( 21.9 sq mi ) .
Malcolm Lincoln are an Estonian band that formed in October 2009 .
Atlètic Club d'Escaldes was founded on 20 May 2002 in Escaldes - Engordany joining Segona Divisió the same year .
AACE International ( formerly the Association for the Advancement of Cost Engineering ) was founded in 1956 by 59 cost estimators and cost engineers during the organizational meeting of the American Association of Cost Engineering at the University of New Hampshire in Durham , New Hampshire .
Frontex ( from French : Frontières extérieures for `` external borders '' ) is an agency of the European Union established in 2004 to manage the cooperation between national border guards securing its external borders .
The Oromia Coffee Farmers Cooperative Union ( OCFCU ) is an Ethiopian agricultural cooperative federation , established in June 1999 , representing approximately 102,950 coffee growers , processors , and exporters of the Oromia Region of southern and western Ethiopia .
Safa Public School is a school in Nalgonda , Telangana , India offering both standard and Islamic education , established in June 2001 .
TVR Cultural began transmission in 2002 .
Jurgens Ci Caravans Ltd , founded in 1952 , is South Africa 's oldest and largest caravan manufacturer .
Malaguti is an Italian scooter and motorcycle company based in San Lazzaro di Savena , founded by Antonino Malaguti in 1930 .
The Police Intellectual Property Crime Unit is a specialized unit of the City of London Police , established in 2013 specialising in intellectual property related law enforcement .
Upon termination of their codeshare agreements , in 2004 the company changed its name to FLYi , Inc , representing the airline 's new name , Independence Air .
Founded in 2004 , Pro Musica Hebraica was the idea of lawyer - turned - artist Robyn Krauthammer , who recognized that there was a tradition of Jewish music that was neglected within the Jewish community and that deserved to be recovered and appreciated by the general public as great music worthy of the concert hall .
Ordrupgaard was founded 1916 - -1918 by former Hafnia managing director , titular Councillor of State Wilhelm Hansen ( art collector ) ( 1868 - -1936 ) and his wife Henny Hansen .
Anshelle are a Swiss Adult Contemporary Pop / Rock band from Bern , Switzerland founded in 2001 .
The Institut de mécanique céleste et de calcul des éphémérides ( IMCCE ) was founded in 1998 and replaced the Service des calculs et de mécanique céleste of the Bureau des longitudes .
Following the passage of the Motor Vehicle Security & Customer Service Act of 2003 , the former New Jersey Division of Motor Vehicles ( DMV ) was renamed as the New Jersey Motor Vehicle Commission .
The Druid City Dragons were a World Basketball Association franchise in Tuscaloosa , Alabama that played during the 2006 season .
In 1901 the locality segregated from the Council of the Santurtzi , those days happening to denominate the Santurce - Ortuella .
Policy Press , established in 1996 , is an academic publisher based in the Faculty of Social Sciences and Law at the University of Bristol , United Kingdom .
Jeddah Economic Forum ( JEF ) ( arabic : منتدى جدة الإقتصادي ) is a forum held annually since 1999 during winter in Jeddah , western Saudi Arabia .
Beginning in 1965 in Southern California , this fellowship of churches grew out of Chuck Smith 's Calvary Chapel Costa Mesa .
Russian Love was a rock group ( active 1986 - -1998 ) that came from Northern Finland and was one of the first gothic rock bands in Finland to sing in English and the first one have an album released .
Remyl is an electronic music project founded by three friends in Oslo , Norway in 1992 .
Echo Films is an American production company founded in April 2008 by American actress Jennifer Aniston and production partner Kristin Hahn .
The Distinguished Warfare Medal was a planned United States military decoration announced by former U.S. Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta on 13 February 2013 .
The current WSLI began operation in July , 2008 .
The development of Just5 mobile phones started in 2008 and the trademark was acquired on October 5 , 2009 .
Grand Prix Leende or GP Leende is an elite women 's road bicycle race held annually since 2012 in Leende , the Netherlands .
The New Orleans Night was an Arena Football League ( AFL ) team that competed in the 1991 and 1992 AFL seasons and were based in New Orleans , Louisiana .
Indukti is a progressive metal band from Poland , founded in 1999 .
Mortem is a death metal band formed in 1986 in Lima , Peru .
The Baseball Project is a supergroup composed of Peter Buck , Mike Mills , Scott McCaughey , Steve Wynn and Linda Pitmon formed in 2007 .
The British Commandos were formed during the Second World War in June 1940 , following a request from the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom , Winston Churchill , for a force that could carry out raids against German - occupied Europe .
Invite Media was founded in April , 2007 , and they are the creators of Bid Manager , a `` universal buying platform '' for display media .
With Full Force is a metal , hardcore and punk festival held annually in Germany since 1994 .
NOWAR - PAIX emerged in 2002 , during the buildup to the 2003 American - led invasion of Iraq .
Founded in 1859 by Perry Brink of Chicago , Illinois , Brink 's business evolved from local armored transportation services to providing corporate financial logistics and international secure transportation .
Strung Out is an American punk rock band from Simi Valley , California , formed in 1989 .
My American Heart was an American rock band from San Diego , California , formed in 2001 .
Located in Boston , Massachusetts , the Institute for Global Innovation Management ( IGIM ) was founded in 2002 as a research institute affiliated with the College of Business Administration at Northeastern University .
Magenu was established in 2012 in response to increased reported incidences of child sexual abuse in Jewish communities in the New York City region .
Zwiefalten Abbey ( German : Kloster Zwiefalten , Abtei Zwiefalten or after 1750 , Reichsabtei Zwiefalten ) was a Benedictine monastery situated at Zwiefalten near Reutlingen in Baden - Württemberg in Germany .
In 2012 , the joint firm was acquired by Springer Science+Business Media and is now known as Springer Vieweg Verlag .
Nevafilm ( Russian : Невафильм ) is Russian production that was founded in 1992 , a year after the dissolution of the Soviet Union .
Erdély TV is a generalist television channel from Romania , launched in 2008 .
Somerset West was founded in 1822 on part of the historic farm , Vergelegen .
Eastmountainsouth is an American pop / rock band formed in 1999 composed of vocalists Kat Maslich - Bode and Peter Bradley Adams .
Phats & Small appeared on the scene in 1998 with `` Turn Around '' , a track that featured sampled Toney Lee 's `` Reach Up '' .
Nanjing Hongshan Forest Zoo was founded in 1998 by combining the former Xuanwu Lake Zoo and Hongshan Park .
Burden of Grief is a melodic death metal band that was formed in late summer 1994 .
Liquid Blue is an American indie pop rock band formed in San Diego , California in 1996 by Scott Stephens & Michael Vangerov .
Mercy Beyond Borders was founded in 2008 by Sister Marilyn Lacey in response to the United Nations '' Millennium Development Goals .
The University of Bern ( German : Universität Bern , French : Université de Berne , Latin : Universitas Bernensis ) is a university in the Swiss capital of Bern and was founded in 1834 .
The Dravidian University , Kuppam , Chittoor district , Andhra Pradesh , India was established by the Government of Andhra Pradesh , through a Legislature Act ( No . 17 of 1997 ) with the initial support extended by the governments of Tamil Nadu , Karnataka and Kerala for an integrated development of Dravidian languages and culture .
Yorkville Sound began in 1963 in the back room of Long & McQuade , a music store on Yonge Street at the edge of the Yorkville neighborhood across the termination of Yorkville Avenue .
Al Tahrir TV Channel ( Arabic قناة التحرير ) is a privately owned Egyptian television channel that was launched in February 2011 following the 2011 Egyptian Revolution .
The Belarusian Central Council or the Belarusian Central Rada ( Belarusian : Беларуская Цэнтральная Рада , Biełaruskaja Centralnaja Rada ; German : Weißruthenischer Zentralrat ) was a pro - Nazi semi - government of Belarus in 1943 - -44 .
Plant Delights Nursery was established in 1988 by plantsman Tony Avent and currently operates on the 28-acre campus of Juniper Level Botanic Gardens .
Amazon Watch is a nonprofit organization Founded in 1996 , and based in Oakland , California , it works to protect the rainforest and advance the rights of indigenous peoples in the Amazon Basin .
Perceptive Pixel , Inc. was founded in 2006 by Jeff Han , who publicly demonstrated multi - touch hardware and software technology at the TED conference earlier that year .
The Nikon D80 is a digital single - lens reflex camera model announced by Nikon on August 9 , 2006 .
The 204th Air Brigade was formed on 15 November 2006 formed as successor of 204th fighter aviation regiment of ex Yugoslav air force .
Svartsot is a Danish folk metal band formed in 2005 in Randers .
Ashes You Leave is a Croatian metal band formed in 1995 who is currently signed to Rock ' n ' Growl Records .
Square Roots ( previously called the Folk & Roots Festival ) is a two- to three - day music festival that has been held each summer in the Lincoln Square neighborhood in Chicago since 1998 .
Opera Cleveland was Cleveland , Ohio 's professional opera company , operating from 2006 to 2010 following a merger between two existing opera companies : the New Cleveland Opera Company ( dba Cleveland Opera , which operated from 1976 to 2006 ) , and the area 's other professional opera company , Lyric Opera Cleveland .
Established in 2000 and launched in 2001 , annually , the scheme creates approximately 140 Clarendon Scholarships , formerly referred to as Clarendon Fund Bursaries , to university graduates from around the world , who demonstrate academic excellence and potential across all subject areas .
Opel Performance Center ( OPC ) is a division of the German automobile manufacturer Opel , initially set up as a subsidiary in 1997 .
Plesetsk Cosmodrome ( Russian : Космодром `` Плесецк '' ) , a Russian spaceport located in Mirny , Arkhangelsk Oblast , about 800 km north of Moscow and approximately 200 km south of Arkhangelsk , dates from 1957 .
Klara continuo was launched on Sunday , February 29 , 2004 as the successor to the hitherto mainly experimental channel DAB Classic , then the first digital radio network of the VRT .
The Skitzos formed in north east Calgary in 2004 .
Formed in 2001 by brothers Logan ( born July 15 ) and Justin ( born May 6 ) Baren , The Redwalls were originally a British Invasion - inspired cover band dubbed The Pages .
Verisign was founded in 1995 as a spin - off of the RSA Security certification services business .
The Northern Rivers Vaccination Supporters ( NRVS ) is a vaccination advocacy group formed in 2013 by community members concerned about extremely low vaccination rates in the Northern Rivers region of the Australian state of New South Wales .
Cronian is a progressive / avant - garde metal band from Norway and Sweden founded in 2004 by Øystein Brun and Andreas Hedlund , also known as Vintersorg .
Scream Silence is a German gothic rock / alternative rock band that was founded 1998 in Berlin .
The Kasanje Kingdom , also known as the Jaga Kingdom , ( 1620 - -1910 ) was a pre - colonial Central African state .
Secora is Norwegian government enterprise created in 2005 to perform construction work on water transport infrastructure , both sea lanes and ports .
The list of Swedish champions ( 1973 - -87 ) and winners of the Damallsvenskan ( 1988 - -present ) :
The Bruce Dawe National Poetry Prize is an annual poetry prize endowed by Australian poet Bruce Dawe in 1999 .
Runaway GO are a Northern Irish indie pop band formed in 2011 .
Lo - Fidelity Records is a record label founded in 2002 by Jeffrey Kotthoff Based in North Aurora , Illinois , Lo - Fidelity specializes in limited edition releases , special edition reissues , and DVDs for artists .
Youth United ( earlier known as Youth 360 ) was founded in 2006 , with Society welfare in view , by Jyotindra Nath , then a student of Panjab University , Chandigarh , India .
Festival Place is a shopping centre in Basingstoke , Hampshire , England which opened on Tuesday , 22 October 2002 .
The Extrasolar Planets Encyclopaedia is an astronomy website , founded in Paris , France at the Meudon Observatory by Jean Schneider in February 1995 , which maintains a database of all the currently known and candidate extrasolar planets , with individual `` note '' pages for each planet and a full list interactive catalog spreadsheet .
Tashkent Architectural Building Institute was organized by the Decree of the President of the Republic of Uzbekistan ( № 400 , May 6 , 1991 ) as part of Tashkent State Technical University .
The Air and Space Campaign Medal ( ASCM ) is an award of the United States Air Force which was first created on April 24 , 2002 by order of Secretary of the Air Force James G. Roche .
The Hershey FC joined the National Premier Soccer League ( NPSL ) , considered the fourth tier of the American soccer pyramid and roughly equal to the USL Premier Development League ( PDL ) , to begin play in the 2013 season .
CHCO - TV launched on March 13 , 1993 on Fundy Cable in St. Andrews as the local community access channel .
The Repše cabinet was the government of Latvia from 7 November 2002 to 9 March 2004 when the government announced a resignation .
Los Tres recorded nine albums during their first period , from 1989 until 2000 , starting with Los Tres : a jazz / folk / rock blending , in 1991 .
Children 's Grand Park Station was opened on October 11 , 1996 as part of the original part of Line 7 which ran from Jangam Station to Konkuk University Station .
Finnish Aviation Academy was established 1964 in Helsinki by Finnair .
In 1998 , Jeremy Giambi won the first ever Pacific Coast League Rookie of the Year Award .
Switch 3 is an Australian band that began in the Australian Capital Territory in late 2002 .
Pailhead released the single `` I Will Refuse '' / `` No Bunny '' ( released in both 7 `` and 12 '' formats ) in 1987 and the 4-song EP Trait in 1988 , both on the Wax Trax ! record label .
In March 2005 Thunder Rail came into existence , utilizing former Providence and Worcester Railroad M-420R(W ) locomotive # 2004 .
Disney XD was launched on February 13 , 2009 at 12:00 a.m. Eastern Time , with the Phineas and Ferb episode `` Dude , We 're Getting the Band Back Together ! '' as its first program .
ONERA was created in 1946 as `` Office National d’Études et de Recherches Aéronautiques '' .
The International Blind Sports Federation ( IBSA ) is a nonprofit organization founded 1981 in Paris , France .
XL Cola was introduced by Falcon Brewery in 1985 , including the slogan `` Extra Large Taste '' , as a competitor for the Swedish customers of Coca - Cola who did n't like the New Coke .
The Samarkand Oblast ( Russian : Самаркандская область ) was an oblast ( province ) of the Russian Empire between 1868 and 1924 .
Fhána ( stylized as fhána ) is a four - member Japanese pop band that formed in 2012 as an indie band .
The Golden Link College was established in 2002 as Golden Link School at the request of community members in Camarin , Caloocan City , where the Theosophical Order of Service had established a pre - school called TOS Learning Center .
It was founded in 1993 as the Association of Venezuelan Phonograph Producers , and adopted its current name in 1993 .
The Pulitzer Prize for Beat Reporting was presented from 1991 to 2006 for a distinguished example of beat reporting characterized by sustained and knowledgeable coverage of a particular subject or activity .
Doll Squad is an American alternative rock band formed in Seattle , Washington in 1987 by Mara Dralle ( lead vocals ) and Helen Halloran ( vocals , rhythm guitar ) and originally active until 1989 .
Project Compass is a UK charity which was set up in 2003 .
EDward Gaming first entered the professional League of Legends scene in September 2013 .
The Financial Access Initiative ( FAI ) is an American consortium , established in 2006 , of researchers at New York University ( NYU ) , Yale University , Harvard University and Innovations for Poverty Action ( IPA ) focused on finding answers to how financial sectors can better meet the needs of poor households .
Noori ( Urdu:نوری , literal English translation : `` light '' ) is a rock band from Lahore , Punjab , Pakistan , formed in 1996 .
Windlight Studios was a computer animation and visual effects company established in 1993 , and based in Minneapolis , Minnesota .
The American Craft Council ( ACC ) , was founded in 1943 as a national , nonprofit , educational organization to support and foster interest in the crafts in America .
On December 1 , 2004 , the network rebranded as Universal HD , shifting its focus towards library content from the NBCUniversal television networks .
Health Insurance Innovations was founded in 2008 by Michael W. Kosloske , who serves as its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer .
The Canara Bank Bangalore Open was a professional women 's tennis tournament held in Bangalore , Karnataka , India from 2003 through to 2008 .
Brioche Dorée is a French chain of Bakery / Café restaurants founded in 1976 and originally started in Brest .
Team Consulting was founded in 1986 and began as a general product development and engineering consultancy before focusing on the medical sector in the early 1990s .
The Square Festival is an annual music festival held in Borth , Ceredigion , Mid Wales , which was set up in 2005 as a small festival for the small seaside village .
In February 2003 , Venture Technologies signed a joint sales agreement ( JSA ) with Freedom Communications , then - owner of CBS affiliate WRGB ( channel 6 ) ; this allowed WNYA to operate from WRGB 's studios in Niskayuna .
By 1996 this was made a division of the Jernbaneverket , the newly created track operator , with the name BaneTele .
It is based in Washington , D.C. The Group of Thirty was founded in 1978 by Geoffrey Bell at the initiative of the Rockefeller Foundation , which also provided initial funding for the body .
Prof . Sayed Nurul Hasan College , established in 1994 , is a general degree college in Murshidabad district .
Amely ( 2008 - -2011 ) was an American rock band from Orlando , Florida , formed in 2008 .
The Ohio Collegiate Athletic Conference was a collegiate athletic conference affiliated with the United States Collegiate Athletic Association ( USCAA ) that began play as an athletic conference in 2009 .
Prithibi ( Bengali : পৃথিবী ) is a Bengali rock band officially formed in Kolkata , India in the year 2005 .
Later , under the Landgraves of Hesse , the administrative areas were ruled from Hauneck Castle ( now in ruins ) , out of which then came the community 's name in 1971 .
Televisora de Oriente , or TVO , is a Venezuelan private television channel founded in 1992 .
Almavision Television began broadcasting on December 28 , 2002 as VidaVision on channel 25 in Los Angeles , California .
Iraqi International Law Group ( IILG ) was created in 2003 by Salem Chalabi and Marc Zell as `` the first international law firm '' based in Iraq .
Malinta National High School is a school established in 1997 in Valenzuela City .
In the framework of municipal reform in Hesse , the hitherto self - governing communities of Bermbach , Esch , Niederems , Reichenbach , Steinfischbach and Wüstems merged in 1972 into today 's greater community of Waldems .
Castlefest is a medieval / fantasy festival in the Netherlands , held on the first weekend of August in the gardens of Castle Keukenhof in Lisse since 2005 .
Created in 1982 as a collaborative effort between La Cineteca del Friuli in Gemona and the Cinemazero filmclub in Pordenone , the Giornate del Cinema Muto , aka Pordenone Silent Film Festival , has established itself as the leading international event dedicated to the preservation , diffusion , and study of the first thirty years of cinema .
Lanes Group was formed in Leeds in 1992 as a drain cleaning and repair specialist at which time they employed just five people .
ST 2 Lettaz and Yung Clova met at the Boys & Girls Club in Athens , Alabama and in 1999 they formed the group later known as G - Side .
Since being founded in 1985 as a business - district beautification organization , Trees Atlanta has planted and distributed over 100,000 shade trees .
The Province of the Sudetenland ( German : Provinz Sudetenland ) was established on 29 October 1918 by former members of the Cisleithanian Imperial Council , the governing legislature of the crumbling Austro - Hungarian Empire .
In July 1995 the ecumenically minded congregations left the Fellowship of Congregational Churches because of its conservative and non - ecumenical orientation and with other churches who had remained outside the Uniting Church including the Queensland Congregational Fellowship formed the Congregational Federation of Australia , now the Congregational Federation of Australia and New Zealand .
Strangers into Citizens was a political advocacy campaign from around February 2007 to May 2010 by the then Citizen Organising Foundation , also known as the London Citizens organisation , now defunct , having been merged into the Citizens UK organisation as separate local chapters .
Phallucy was once one of the most promising bands from Sacramento formed in 1987 .
Thundersqueak Records is an independent record label that was founded in Blackpool , England in 2002 initially for the sole purpose of releasing records by the band Uncle Fester .
The Pontifical Bolivarian University ( Spanish : Universidad Pontificia Bolivariana ) , also referred to as UPB , is a private university in Colombia with its main campus in Medellín , where it was founded in 1936 .
Vari - Prop , founded in 2004 by Larry Morgan , is an American manufacturer of composite propellers for homebuilt and light - sport aircraft .
Bachelor Girl was an Australian pop duo , formed in 1992 by Tania Doko as vocalist and James Roche as musician , producer and arranger .
Scot FM began broadcasting on Friday 16 September 1994 , after two weeks of test transmissions .
Arkham House is a publishing house specializing in weird fiction founded in Sauk City , Wisconsin in 1939 by August Derleth and Donald Wandrei to preserve in hardcover the best fiction of H. P. Lovecraft .
In 1993 , the Center for Political and Social Studies Foundation ( CEPS ) was founded in Valencia , Spain by left - wing academics that were supporters of Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party .
Khadir Mohideen Arts and Science College , commonly called Khadir Mohideen College is one of the oldest Minority colleges in Tamil Nadu , established in 1955 .
Oslo String Quartet was formed in 1991 by Geir Inge Lotsberg and Per Kristian Skalstad ( violins ) , Are Sandbakken ( viola ) , and Øystein Sonstad ( cello ) .
The Dubai World Cup ( Arabic:كأس دبي العالمي ) is a Thoroughbred horse race held annually since 1996 and contested at the Meydan Racecourse ( Arabic:ميدان ) which in Arabic suggests a place where people congregate and compete , a sort of meeting point in the Emirate of Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Alton Lane was founded in 2009 by Colin Hunter and Peyton Jenkins , graduates of the University of Virginia .
In January 2012 , Casablanca Records was relaunched as an electronic music imprint under Republic Records , as a reflection to the original label .
ABC Software is a computer and video game software distributor founded in 1991 .
Zombies on Tha Turf ( 2009 ) Main Attrakionz Hip Hop ( 2009 ) Rackstylin ' 101 ( 2010 ) Best Duo Ever :
McKool Smith was founded in Dallas , Texas in 1991 by Chairman Mike McKool and Phil Smith .
Central University was founded in 1874 on the present site of Eastern Kentucky University .
Z Sculpt Entertainment is a two - person software company founded in 1996 by Zackary Black and Zack Morris .
One Bad Pig is a Christian punk and metal crossover band from Austin , Texas which formed in 1985 .
Guildford Giants were formed in December 2008 and were based at Guildford RUFC .
Lucky Chicken Games is an American video game developer founded in 1998 by Jamie Ottilie , Matt Saia and Jonnathan Hilliard .
Lancaster Laboratories was founded by Dr. Earl H. Hess in 1961 as a 2,500-square - foot ( 230 m2 ) lab with three employees , intending to provide analytical services to area agribusinesses and industries .
Legally , the bank follows a mandate pursuant to the Central Bank of Samoa Act 1984 , the Financial Institutions Act 1996 and the Money Laundering Prevention Act 2000 .
Mitchell Jessen and Associates is a consulting company founded in 2005 , by psychologists and professional torturers James Mitchell and John `` Bruce '' Jessen with offices in Spokane and Virginia .
The Community of Sant'Egidio was founded in Rome in 1968 by a group of Roman high - school students led by Andrea Riccardi .
The Atomic Bomb Casualty Commission ( ABCC ) was a commission established in 1946 in accordance with a presidential directive from Harry S. Truman to the National Academy of Sciences - National Research Council to conduct investigations of the late effects of radiation among the atomic - bomb survivors in Hiroshima and Nagasaki .
FC SOYUZ - Gazprom Izhevsk ( Russian : ФК `` СОЮЗ-Газпром '' Ижевск ) was a Russian association football club from Izhevsk , founded in 1988 and playing on the professional level since 1991 .
On August 1 , 1927 , the uyezds were abolished and Novorzhevsky District was established , with the administrative center in the town of Novorzhev .
Hurricane Kids is a New Zealand pop band from Auckland , which formed in 2012 .
The Fellowship of Southern Writers is a literary organization founded in 1987 in Chattanooga , Tennessee by 21 Southern writers and other literary luminaries .
Energo - Chromo - Kinese , also named ECK , is a pseudo - scientific and esoteric - oriented new religious movement founded in October 1987 in Villefranche - sur - Mer by Patrick Véret , a former acupuncturist and homeopath , and his wife Danielle Drouant , now Danielle Didier .
YesAsia ( formerly AsiaCD ) is an online retail company founded in 1998 that sells Asian entertainment products worldwide .
FC Neman Grodno ( Belarusian : ФК Нёман Гродна , FK Nyoman Hrodna ; Russian : ФК Неман Гродно ) is a Belarusian football club from the city of Grodno , named after the Neman River and founded in 1964 .
In 1995 , the Glenwood School District and the former Glenwood High School in Pike County consolidated with that of nearby Amity in Clark County to form the Centerpoint School District , with a new high school campus located at old Rosboro .
Ogle Design is a British design consultancy company , founded in 1954 by David Ogle , based in Letchworth , Hertfordshire .
The Joan C. Edwards Charitable Foundation was created in 2006 upon the death of Joan C. Edwards , a well - known West Virginia - based philanthropist .
Founded in 1956 as a branch of the New Mexico College of Agriculture and Mechanical Arts , San Juan College became an independent community college following a county election in 1981 .
The architectural firm of Greene and Greene was established in Pasadena in January 1894 , eventually culminating with the designs of their `` ultimate bungalows '' , such as the 1908 Gamble House in Pasadena , generally considered one of the finest examples of residential architecture in the United States .
Harmoney was founded in late 2013 by Neil Roberts who became CEO of the new company .
The Rent Is Too Damn High Party is a political party , primarily active in the state of New York , that has nominated candidates for mayor of New York City in 2005 and 2009 , and for governor and senator in 2010 .
In 2012 , Saint Monica University came to birth , replacing the PTC , with the incorporation of the University in the State of Hawaii in the United States as a non - profit institution offering Bachelor 's , Master 's , and Doctoral programs .
Established in 1985 as part of the controversial Maranatha Campus Ministries , Champions for Christ ( CFC ) is an outreach to college and professional athletes .
The Kelly Cup has been awarded to teams since 1997 .
Hundred Reasons are an English alternative rock band from Aldershot , Hampshire , formed in 1999 .
Kohs and his sister started the MyWikiBiz venture in July 2006 , as a paid editing service , writing content for inclusion in Wikipedia and other community - edited sites .
Women Thrive Worldwide formerly Women 's Edge , is a nonpartisan coalition created in 1998 that advocates for international economic and human right policies that support women .
Props Inc , founded in 1985 by Jeff Bertuleit , is an American manufacturer of wooden propellers for homebuilt and ultralight aircraft .
The Arlington International Film Festival was founded in 2010 by April Ranck and Alberto Guzman , in the aim of exploring and promoting the cultural diversity through the lens of independent films in a wide range of topics and areas .
Chocolate Overdose ( initiated 1991 in Bergen , Norway ) is a pop oriented rock band .
Galy Records is a Canadian independent record label based in Verdun , Quebec , founded by Eric Galy in 2002 .
The Ring True Foundation was founded in 2001 by former NBA player Manute Bol .
The BMA Branches of the Australian states and territories formally merged into the Australian Medical Association in 1962 .
The Devil 's Blood was a Dutch occult rock band from Eindhoven , formed in 2006 .
KQSL debuted in 1990 as KFWU , under the ownership of California Oregon Broadcasting .
The Ramsar Wetland Conservation Award was established in 1996 at the 6th Meeting of the Contracting Parties to the Ramsar Convention .
The Portrait of Adèle Besson is an oil painting in the Post - Impressionist style made by Auguste Renoir in 1918 , representing the wife of George Besson .
Ghostfest is an extreme metal and hardcore punk festival in Leeds , England that first took place at The Cockpit across two days in August 2005 , returning in 2006 .
Ans . Andur is an Estonian indie rock band formed in 2002 in the city of Paide .
In 1853 Franz Saurer ( 1806 - -1882 ) from Veringenstadt in Germany established an iron foundry for household goods near the Swiss town of Sankt Gallen .
The Hapu Party is a Māori political party in New Zealand was formed in August 2008 .
The Soldiers is a singing trio consisting of serving British Army soldiers , whose debut album , Coming Home , was released on 26 October 2009 , and who have since continued their singing career whilst remaining full - time army personnel .
Founded in 2004 by Evan Newman , who had left his post as Head of A&R / Media Relations at V2 Records Canada , The Baudelaire Label was named Best Toronto Record Label in Now Magazine in 2006 .
The Suicide File was a short - lived American hardcore band from Boston , Massachusetts that formed in April 2001 .
Count the Stars was a four - piece pop punk band from Albany , New York that formed in 1995 .
Founded in 2006 as a spin - off by Gap Inc. , Piperlime offered a selection of footwear and handbags for women , men and children .
The name Royal Air Maroc ( RAM ) was adopted on 28 June 1957 , with the government of Morocco having a 67.73 % stake .
Tracer AMC is a Northern - Irish post - rock band formed in Bangor , Northern Ireland in 1999 .
The Electric Swing Circus first formed in June 2011 .
As part of this renaissance , the Ghosn brothers , assisted by French partners , established the Massaya winery in 1998 , citing the historical potential of Lebanese terroir and a desire to revitalise both a traditional industry and an area that had suffered hugely during the civil war .
Fostex , originally founded in July 1973 , is now a division of Foster Electric Company , Ltd. Fostex , along with TASCAM , pioneered affordable multitrack recording equipment and was the first to offer an eight - track reel - to - reel multitrack that used affordable 1/4 inch tape .
EEMBC , the Embedded Microprocessor Benchmark Consortium , is a non - profit organization formed in 1997 with the aim of developing performance benchmarks for the hardware and software used in embedded systems .
The Great Lakes Protection Fund is a publicly capitalized , private corporation created in 1989 by the Governors of the states surrounding the Great Lakes .
Shwood Eyewear is an American brand of sunglasses and eyeglasses , it was founded in 2009 and is based in Portland , Oregon .
The National Association of Evangelicals ( NAE ) was formed by a group of 147 people who met in St. Louis , Missouri on April 7 - -9 , 1942 .
Yıldız Technical University has a distinguished history that dates to 1911 .
The Deák Ferenc Bilingual High School ( Hungarian : Deák Ferenc Gimnázium ) is a public , co - educational secondary school in Szeged , Hungary established in 1988 .
Medicines for Malaria Venture ( MMV ) , a not - for - profit public - private partnership , was established as a foundation in Switzerland in 1999 .
The Ciclo Cross de Iraeta is a cyclo - cross race held in Iraeta , Spain , which was held for the first time in 2007 .
The name `` Retrospect Ensemble '' was adopted in May 2009 by the trustees for the musical charity then known as `` The King 's Consort '' , which had been set up by Robert King in 1992 .
The Psychs are a 60s / Surf / Pop band formed in 2010 in Auckland , New Zealand .
The Army of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina ( Bosnian , Croatian : Vojska Federacije Bosne i Hercegovine ) was the military of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina created after the 1995 Dayton Agreement .
The Active Training and Education Trust was established in 1996 , to revive the work and the expertise of Colony Holidays .
Hugo Treffner Gymnasium was founded by Hugo Treffner on 7 December 1883 .
Founded in 1983 as Televerket Kabel - TV as part of the former state - owned Televerket , the company has been successively named Svenska Kabel - TV AB and Telia InfoMedia TeleVision AB , before becoming ' Com Hem ' ( a play on the Swedish phrase Kom hem , `` come home '' ) .
On February 4 , 2008 , KSEX was shut down .
The Main Drag originally began as a collaboration between Arrigo and Levitt in early 2003 .
The Debel Gallery was opened in 1973 in Jerusalem , when the city was a pilgrimage center for curators , journalists and art enthusiasts .
Founded in 2013 by Right Click Capital general partners Benjamin Chong , Ari Klinger and serial angel investor , Garry Visontay , the inaugural Sydney Seed Fund seeks to invest $ 100,000 in 20 companies .
First Comics was an American comic - book publisher that was active from 1983 to 1991 , known for titles like American Flagg ! , Grimjack , Nexus , Badger , Dreadstar , and Jon Sable .
Charles W. Flanagan High School opened its doors in 1996 as the first public high school in Pembroke Pines , Florida .
Founded by former Fresh Express founder and CEO Bruce Taylor in 1995 with the goal of becoming `` America 's Favorite Salad Maker , '' Taylor Farms currently ranks as the world 's largest producer of fresh - cut vegetables .
Between 1990 and 2002 when Boynton High School continuation students attended what was then Blackford High School .
Stock contractor Terry Williams and Texas businessman Joel Logan founded Championship Bull Riding ( CBR ) in 2002 .
The Midas Schoolhouse , located on Second St. , two blocks east of Main St. , in Midas , Nevada , was a historic schoolhouse that was built in 1928 .
The Bluebird Theater in Denver , Colorado was designed by Harry W.J. Edbrooke and built during 1913 - -1914 as Thompson Theater .
Athens Municipal Airport is a city - owned public - use UNICOM airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) southeast of the central business district of Athens , in Henderson County , Texas , United States .
Lower Chattahoochee Regional Airport ( FAA LID : 25J ) is a county owned , public use airport located four nautical miles ( 5 mi , 7 km ) southwest of the central business district of Cuthbert , a city in Randolph County , Georgia , United States .
Kitoi Bay Seaplane Base ( IATA : KKB , FAA LID : KKB ) is a public use seaplane base owned by the Alaska Department of Fish and Game and located in Kitoi Bay , in the Kodiak Island Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska .
Neza - e Sofla ( Persian : نزاع سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Nezā``-e Soflá ) is a village in Mishan Rural District , Mahvarmilani District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Souk El Arbaa ( Arabic : سوق الاربعاء‎ ) is a town in Kénitra Province , Gharb - Chrarda - Béni Hssen , Morocco .
The Moscow Metro ( Russian : Моско́вский метрополите́н , tr . Moskovsky metropoliten ; IPA : ( mɐˈskofskʲɪj mʲɪtrəpəlʲɪˈtɛn ) ) is a rapid transit system serving Moscow , Russia and the neighbouring Moscow Oblast towns of Krasnogorsk , Reutov and Kotelniki .
Debach is a small village about four miles northwest of Woodbridge , Suffolk , UK .
Cégep de Chicoutimi is a French - language general and professional educational college ( CEGEP ) located in the Chicoutimi borough of Saguenay , Quebec , Canada .
The Edward King House , is a monumentally scaled residence at 35 King street in Newport , Rhode Island .
Mittelbiberach is a village in the district of Biberach .
KRXL is the regional Rock / Classic rock radio station in the Kirksville , Missouri area .
Henry D. Clayton House , in Clayton , Alabama , was the birthplace and childhood home of Henry De Lamar Clayton , Jr. , a legislator and judge .
Dillard High School is a historic public high school located in Fort Lauderdale of Broward County , Florida .
Pierre Grey 's Lakes Provincial Park is a provincial park in Alberta , Canada , located 37 km ( 23 mi ) east of Grande Cache , on the north side of the Bighorn Highway .
Vigrestad Station ( Norwegian : Vigrestad stasjon ) is a railway station located at Vigrestad in Hå , Norway on Sørland Line .
San Francisco Law School is a private , non - profit law school in San Francisco , California .
Sela pri Ratežu ( pronounced ( ˈseːla pɾi ˈɾaːtɛʒu ) ) is a settlement in the hills east of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia .
Bullock Pen Lake , located between Boone County and Grant County in Kentucky , is a 134 acres ( 54 ha ) reservoir constructed in 1963 by the damming of Bullock Pen Creek .
The Ballandean Pyramid is a stone pyramid near the small village of Ballandean , Queensland , Australia .
Armadillo Technical Institute is a small public charter school in Phoenix , Oregon , United States .
The Shepherd Brooks Estate is an historic property at 275 Grove Street in Medford , Massachusetts .
Helsinki Airport or Helsinki - Vantaa Airport ( IATA : HEL , ICAO : EFHK ; Finnish : Helsinki - Vantaan lentoasema , Swedish : Helsingfors - Vanda flygplats ) is the main international airport of the Helsinki metropolitan region and the whole of Finland with about 16 million passengers annually .
Fremantle Oval originally known as Barracks Green Field is a stadium in the centre of Fremantle , Western Australia .
Aligah ( Persian : عليگه‎ , also Romanized as `` Alīgah ) is a village in Nabovat Rural District , in the Central District of Eyvan County , Ilam Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 196 , in 36 families .
Llanberis is a village in Gwynedd , northwest Wales , on the southern bank of the lake Llyn Padarn and at the foot of Snowdon , the highest mountain in Wales .
Liaoyang ( simplified Chinese : 辽阳 ; traditional Chinese : 遼陽 ; pinyin : Liáoyáng ) is a prefecture - level city of east - central Liaoning province , People 's Republic of China , situated on the T'ai - tzu River and , together with Anshan , forms a metro area of 2,057,200 inhabitants in 2010 .
The Koka Booth Amphitheatre is a performing arts amphitheatre in Cary , North Carolina , USA .
Hills Memorial Library is the former public library of Hudson , New Hampshire in the United States .
Since 1975 Eversberg has been part of the city of Meschede .
Columbus Alternative High School is a public high school located on the north side of Columbus , Ohio .
Saint - André - de - Sangonis ( Sant Andrieu de Sangònis in Occitan ) is a commune in the Hérault department in the Languedoc - Roussillon region in southern France .
Cham Karim ( Persian : چم كريم‎ , also Romanized as Cham Karīm and Cham - e Karīm ; also known as Chamkārī ) is a village in Itivand - e Jonubi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Huwyl is a hamlet of Hochdorf in the Lucerne canton in Switzerland .
Avinurme Parish is a rural municipality of Ida - Viru County in northern Estonia .
Loose Pulley Junction is a fictional populated place and railroad station along the Chicago , Milwaukee , St. Paul and Pacific Railroad ( MILW ) main line near Rock River in Stillman Valley , Ogle County , Illinois , US .
Übersyren or Uebersyren ( Luxembourgish : Iwwersiren ) is a small town in the commune of Schuttrange , in southern Luxembourg .
Job 's Temple is a historic Methodist church building located near Glenville , Gilmer County , West Virginia .
Thorington is a village and a civil parish in the hundred of Blything , in the Suffolk Coastal District of the English county of Suffolk .
Dongtai ( simplified Chinese : 东台 ; traditional Chinese : 東台 ; pinyin : Dōngtái ) is a coastal county - level city under the administration of Yancheng , Jiangsu province , China .
Yung Shue Wan ( Chinese : 榕樹灣 , Banyan Bay ) is the main population centre on Lamma Island , Hong Kong .
Sheykh Ebrahim Bazar Arab Zehi ( Persian : شيخ ابراهيم بازارعربزهي‎ , also Romanized as Sheykh Ebrāhīm Bāzār ʿArab Zehī ; also known as Sheykh Bāzār ) is a village in Polan Rural District , Polan District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Vaskeresztes(German : Großdorf ) is a village in Vas County , Hungary .
Tan Dabin ( Persian : تن دبين‎ , also Romanized as Tan Dabīn ; also known as Nāvān - e Bālā and Tan Davīn ) is a village in Kuhestani - ye Talesh Rural District , in the Central District of Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
North Lantau New Town ( Chinese : 北大嶼山新市鎮 ) , built on reclaimed land on the northern coast of the Lantau Island in the New Territories , Hong Kong , is the newest of the nine new towns in Hong Kong .
Saint - Idesbald is a village at the Belgian West Coast , part of Koksijde , which also includes Oostduinkerke .
Kąty - Wielgi ( ˈkɔntɨ ˈvjɛlɡi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strachówka , within Wołomin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Laramie Plains is an arid highland at an elevation of approx . 8,000 feet ( 2,400 m ) in south central Wyoming in the United States .
Siah Khulak ( Persian : سياه خولك‎ , also Romanized as Sīāh Khūlak ; also known as Sīāh Khalak ) is a village in Somam Rural District , Rankuh District , Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Kejok is a village in the Sangsangyu block of the Tuensang district , Nagaland , India .
Słubice County ( Polish : powiat słubicki ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Lubusz Voivodeship , western Poland , on the German border .
Compadre Academy ( formerly Compadre High School ) is a high school in the Tempe Union High School District in Tempe , Arizona .
Mehtar Ahmad ( Persian : مهتراحمد‎ , also Romanized as Mehtar Aḩmad ; also known as Mahtarābād and Meytaramad ) is a village in Mishu - e Jonubi Rural District , Sufian District , Shabestar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
San Anselmo Creek is an eastward flowing stream that begins on the eastern flank of Pine Mountain in the Marin Hills of Marin County , California .
Góry Mokre ( ˈɡurɨ ˈmɔkrɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przedbórz , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Ecopa Arena is a multi - purpose indoor arena in Fukuroi , Japan .
The Granite Wash Mountains are a short , arid , low elevation mountain range of western - central Arizona , in the southeast of La Paz County .
Abkhvareh ( Persian : ابخواره‎ , also Romanized as Ābkhvāreh and Āb Khvāreh ; also known as Abkhāra , Ābkhāreh , Avkhara , and Avkhāreh ) is a village in Sina Rural District , in the Central District of Varzaqan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Palmer State Park is a largely undeveloped Maryland state park located in Harford County .
Bedworth is a market town in the Borough of Nuneaton and Bedworth , Warwickshire , England .
Mir Shadi ( Persian : ميرشادي‎ , also Romanized as Mīr Shādī ) is a village in Golzar Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Byler Road is the oldest public road in Alabama still in use today .
Almeirim ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ɐɫmɐjˈɾĩ ) ) is a city and a municipality in Santarém District , Portugal .
Darreh Zuleh ( Persian : دره زوله‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Zūleh , Darreh - ye Zūleh , and Darreh Zūlleh ) is a village in Japelaq - e Gharbi Rural District , Japelaq District , Azna County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Clarendon Way is a recreational footpath in Hampshire and Wiltshire , England .
The Trumpington bed burial is an early Anglo - Saxon burial of a young woman , dating to the mid-7th century , that was excavated in Trumpington , Cambridgeshire , England in 2011 .
Hajji Mahmud ( Persian : حاجي محمود‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjī Maḩmūd ) is a village in Yurchi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Kuraim District , Nir County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Wild Horse Range is a mountain range in Elko County , Nevada , United States , northwest of the Owyhee River 's Wild Horse Reservoir .
Grabowczyk ( ɡraˈbɔft͡ʂɨk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowiec , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Chuncheon ( Hangul : 춘천 ; hanja : 春川市 ; RR : Chuncheon - si ) is the capital of Gangwon Province , South Korea .
Varkuh ( Persian : وركوه‎ , also Romanized as Varkūh ) is a village in Chelo Rural District , Chelo District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Yazdan - e Mahallah ( Persian : يزدان محله‎ , also Romanized as Yazdān - e Maḩallah ) is a village in Chaharkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Kordkuy County , Golestan Province , Iran .
The London Borough of Hillingdon ( pronunciation ) is the westernmost borough in Greater London , England which had a population of 273,936 according to the 2011 Census .
Dacula High School is a high school in Dacula , Georgia serving students in grades 9 - -12 .
Maternity Hospital , also known as Ripley Memorial Hospital and currently known as Ripley Gardens , is a former hospital building in the Harrison neighborhood of Minneapolis , Minnesota .
Cannock Chase ( grid reference SK000165 ) is a mixed area of countryside in the county of Staffordshire , England .
Bayshore Town Center ( formerly called Bayshore Mall ) is a shopping mall / mixed use retail complex in Glendale , Wisconsin ( suburban Milwaukee , Wisconsin ) that is anchored by Barnes & Noble , Boston Store , and Kohl 's .
Heping Road connects Wanhua District to Zhongshan District in its East and Da'an District to Xinyi District in its Western segment .
Summit Hotel , also known as the Summit Inn Resort , is a historic hotel complex and national historic district located at North Union Township and South Union Township , Fayette County , Pennsylvania .
Wissahickon High School is the sole public high school of the Wissahickon School District , and is located in Ambler , Pennsylvania .
Interstate 705 ( abbreviated I-705 , also known as the Tacoma Spur ) is a short Interstate Highway spur route of Interstate 5 located entirely within Tacoma , Pierce , Washington , United States .
Staveley Street ( Chinese : 士他花利街 ; pinyin : Shìtāhuālì Jiē ; Cantonese Yale : si6 ta1 fa1 lei6 gaai1 ) is a street in Central on the Hong Kong Island , Hong Kong .
The official name Gjende is taken from the Gudbrandsdal traditional district dialect used in Lom and Vågå .
The Janzur Museum ( also known as the Janzour Museum ) is a museum located in Janzur , Libya .
The Erlacherhof is a town mansion on the Junkerngasse No . 47 in the Old City of Bern , only a few steps away from the Béatrice - von - Wattenwyl - Haus .
The Knox Mine disaster was a mining accident on January 22 , 1959 , that is widely credited with single - handedly killing the mining industry in the Northern Anthracite Region of Pennsylvania .
Žiljevo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Жиљево ) is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Gavineh Rud ( Persian : گاوينه رود‎ , also Romanized as Gāvīneh Rūd ; also known as Kavan Rūd and Kāvīneh Rūd ) is a village in Barvanan - e Sharqi Rural District , Torkamanchay District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Broad Street Market , founded in 1860 , is located in the Midtown neighborhood of Harrisburg , Pennsylvania in the United States .
Podamirowo ( pɔdamiˈrɔvɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Będzino , within Koszalin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Okeechobee Waterway is a man - made waterway stretching across Florida from Fort Myers on the west coast to Stuart on the east coast of Florida .
Zangeneh - ye Sofla ( Persian : زنگنه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Zangeneh - ye Soflá ; also known as Zangeneh and Zangeneh - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Kamazan - e Olya Rural District , Zand District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Tarn Taran district ( Punjabi:ਤਰਨ ਤਾਰਨ ਜ਼ਿਲਾ ) is one of the districts in the state of Punjab in North - West Republic of India .
Lighthouse Beach is a small section of the Fire Island National Seashore that is adjacent to Robert Moses State Park on New York 's Long Island .
Bavlinsky District ( Russian : Бавлинский райо́н ; Tatar : Баулы районы ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the forty - three in the Republic of Tatarstan , Russia .
Mazraeh - ye Shobali ( Persian : مزرعه شبلي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Shobalī ) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District , Shavur District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 217 , in 24 families .
Foy Provincial Park is a provincial park on Round Lake , Ontario .
Tišnov is a town in the Brno - Country District of the South Moravian Region , 22 km northwest of Brno , near the confluence of the Svratka and Loučka rivers .
Hum ol Din ( Persian : حوم الدين‎ , also Romanized as Ḩūm ol Dīn and Ḩūm od Dīn ; also known as Ḩāmedīn , Ḩām od Dīn , and Ḩūmedīn ) is a village in Raviz Rural District , Koshkuiyeh District , Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Chezacut is an unincorporated ranching settlement and former post office in the Chilcotin District of the Central Interior of British Columbia , Canada .
Buldir Volcano is an inactive stratovolcano located on Buldir Island in the Aleutian Islands of Alaska , once described as `` the westernmost volcanic center of the present Pleistocene to Recent Aleutian volcanic front . ''
The Bremer Marktplatz ( Bremen Market Square ) is a square situated in the centre of the Hanseatic City of Bremen , Germany .
The Charles E. Roberts Stable is a renovated former barn in the Chicago suburb of Oak Park , Illinois , United States .
Hartest is a small village in the Babergh district of the English county of Suffolk .
Pain Tamushal ( Persian : پائين تموشل‎ , also Romanized as Pā’īn Tamūshal ; also known as Pāeenmaḩalleh - ye Tamūshal ) is a village in Ahandan Rural District , in the Central District of Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Arroyo Dolores ( Spanish for Our Lady of Sorrow Creek ) is a river in San Francisco , California that has been largely culverted .
Shotoriyeh ( Persian : شتريه‎ , also Romanized as Shotorīyeh ; also known as Shotorgah ) is a village in Farmahin Rural District , in the Central District of Farahan County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Portage Glacier Highway , or Portage Glacier Road , is a highway located in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Zarabad District ( Persian : بخش زرآباد‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Konarak County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Eastern Hancock High School is a Public High School located just north of Charlottesville , Indiana , United States .
Sunset State Beach is a beach approximately 1.5 miles ( 2.5 km ) long , near Watsonville , California in Santa Cruz County .
The Bacon Hotel , also known as the Sunrise Hotel , is a historic hotel building at the southeast corner of Railroad and Homestead Roads in Whitehall , Arkansas .
Carei ( Romanian pronunciation : ( kaˈrej ) ; Hungarian : Nagykároly , Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈnɒckaːroj ) ; German : Grosskarol / Großkarl ; Yiddish : קראלי ( Krole or Kruli)‎ , Turkish : Karolvar ) is a city in Satu Mare County , northwestern Romania , near the border with Hungary .
Rabaul is a township in East New Britain province , on the island of New Britain , in the country of Papua New Guinea .
The Rockingham County Botanical Garden was a 10-acre ( 4 ha ) botanical garden at 113B North Road , Brentwood , New Hampshire , USA .
Galleria Retail Technology Solutions , also referred to as Galleria or Galleria - rts , is a company based in Staffordshire , United Kingdom with operations in the United States based in Dublin - Pleasonton , California and Chicago , Illinois .
Faceby is a small village and civil parish in the Hambleton district of North Yorkshire , England .
Taham Rural District ( Persian : دهستان تهم‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Tri - County Technical College is a 2-year , community college located in Pendleton , South Carolina .
The Van Hoosear Wildflower Preserve is a private nature reserve on Carriger Creek in southern Sonoma County , California , USA .
The New York Eye and Ear Infirmary of Mount Sinai , located at East 14th Street and Second Avenue in lower Manhattan , New York City , is one of the most prominent otolaryngology and ophthalmology hospitals in the world , providing primary inpatient and outpatient care in those specialties .
Osted is a town with a population of 2,157 ( 1 January 2015 ) in Lejre Municipality , Region Zealand , Denmark .
The Ladies Delight Light is a small lighthouse on Lake Cobbosseecontee , Maine , United States .
Boneh - ye Fathali ( Persian : بنه فتحعلي‎ , also Romanized as Boneh - ye Fatḥʿalī ) is a village in Shalal and Dasht - e Gol Rural District , in the Central District of Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
KBSO ( 94.7 FM , `` Texas Radio 94.7 '' ) is a radio station broadcasting a Texas country music format .
Choghabur - e Kaki ( Persian : چغابوركاكي‎ , also Romanized as Choghābūr - e Kākī ; also known as Choqābūr - e Kākī ) is a village in Gurani Rural District , Gahvareh District , Dalahu County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Clophill is a small village and civil parish located in the Flit river valley , Bedfordshire , England .
The Gold Star Memorial Bridge is a pair of steel truss bridges that carries both Interstate 95 and U.S. Route 1 across the Thames River between New London , Connecticut , US and Groton , Connecticut .
Terres ( German : Ters , Ladin : Tères ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) northwest of Trento .
The Frans Loenenhofje is a hofje in Haarlem , Netherlands , on the Witte Heren straat .
Äkäslompolo ( ˈækæslɔmpɔlo ) is a village in the municipality of Kolari in the Finnish part of Lapland .
Skihist Mountain , also sometimes referred to as Skihist Peak , is the highest mountain in the Cantilever Range and in southwestern British Columbia , Canada .
Kezabcheh ( Persian : كذابچه‎ , also Romanized as Kez̄ābcheh ; also known as Gazīcheh , Jalālābād , Kadābcheh , Kaẕẕābcheh , and Keāzā Bcheh ) is a village in Aqda Rural District , Aqda District , Ardakan County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Marvast District ( Persian : بخش مروست‎ ) ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Khatam County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Le Don Hilton or La Cauminne à Marie Best is an 18th - century guard house and powder magazine that sits on the seawall besides Le Chemin de L’Ouzière , in Saint Peter , Jersey .
The Linneman Building was a historic commercial building in Lima , Ohio , United States .
Martock is a large village and civil parish in Somerset , England , situated on the edge of the Somerset Levels 7 miles ( 11.3 km ) north west of Yeovil in the South Somerset district .
Fresno City Hall is a Post - modern , Futurism structure in Fresno , California .
McNary ARNG Field Heliport ( FAA LID : 4OR1 ) , is a military heliport located two miles ( 3 km ) southeast of the city of Salem in Marion County , Oregon , USA .
Ciebłowice Duże ( t͡ɕɛbwɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈduʐɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Mazowiecki , within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Grądy Polewne ( ˈɡrɔndɨ pɔˈlɛvnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rząśnik , within Wyszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Wildcat Glades Conservation and Audubon Center is a nature center located in a protected area in Joplin , Missouri .
Eastman Terrace is a historic rowhouse block located at Poughkeepsie , Dutchess County , New York .
Garm Sar ( Persian : گرمسر‎ ) is a village in Sheykh Neshin Rural District , Shanderman District , Masal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Ximenez - Fatio House Museum is one of the best - preserved and most authentic Second Spanish Period ( 1783 - 1821 ) residential buildings in St. Augustine , Florida .
Stare Kramsko ( ˈstarɛ ˈkramskɔ ) ( German : Krammensee ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babimost , within Zielona Góra County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Lake Aldwell was a reservoir located about 4.9 miles ( 7.9 km ) from the mouth of the Elwha River on the Olympic Peninsula in the state of Washington .
Bokinka Pańska ( bɔˈkʲiŋka ˈpaɲska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczna , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Cushman Village Historic District is a historic district encompassing a portion of the Cushman Village area of Amherst , Massachusetts , which was a significant mill village during the 19th century .
The Great Western Schoolhouse was built in 1870 along the then - developing National Road , west of St. Clairsville , Ohio .
Abbott Drive is a roadway in Omaha , Nebraska , and Carter Lake , Iowa .
The Astral Apartments is a historic apartment building located in Greenpoint , Brooklyn , New York , New York .
Ray 's Splash Planet ( often referred to as Ray 's ) is a Mecklenburg County , North Carolina funded water park located in Charlotte , North Carolina , United States .
The Encampment River Wilderness is a designated wilderness area located in south central Wyoming in the United States .
Oberkorn ( Luxembourgish : Uewerkuer ) is a town in the commune of Differdange in south - western Luxembourg .
Kalateh - ye Bazdid ( Persian : كلاته بازديد‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Bāzdīd ) is a village in Mud Rural District , Mud District , Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Colne Estuary is a 2915 hectare biological and geological Site of Special Scientific Interest near Brightlingsea in Essex .
Ua Huka is one of the Marquesas Islands , in French Polynesia , an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean .
Cow Palace ( originally the California State Livestock Pavilion ) is an indoor arena located in Daly City , California , situated on the city 's border with neighboring San Francisco .
Artsvanik ( Armenian : Արծվանիկ , formerly , Yeritsvanik , Yeritsvank '' , Yertsu Vank '' , Karmir Vank '' , Yerets '' , Yerets and Yeretsvanik ) is a village and rural community ( municipality ) in the Syunik Province of Armenia .
The East Delaware Tunnel is a 25-mile ( 40 km ) aqueduct in the Catskill Mountains of New York State .
Notre Dame - Immaculate Conception School was a private , Roman Catholic elementary school in Easthampton , Massachusetts , located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts .
Colfax Avenue is the main street that runs east - west through the Denver - Aurora metropolitan area in Colorado .
Ahmad Mowla ( Persian : احمدمولا‎ , also Romanized as Aḩmad Mowlā ; also known as Sheykh Aḩmad ) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District , in the Central District of Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Elurupadu ( Telugu ) is a small village in the Kalla mandal of West Godavari district in Andhra Pradesh , India .
WMUB is a public radio station licensed to Miami University , in Oxford , Ohio , USA .
The Academy of Notre Dame de Namur High School is a private Roman Catholic college preparatory school for girls in Villanova , Pennsylvania .
Kiberg ( Kven : Kiiperi ) is a village in Vardø Municipality in eastern Finnmark county , Norway .
Sachgan - e Olya ( Persian : سچگان عليا‎ , also Romanized as Sachgān - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District , Golgir District , Masjed Soleyman County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 71 , in 12 families .
Deh - e Zahir ( Persian : ده ظهير‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Ẕahīr ) is a village in Eslamiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Fürstenberg - Geisingen was a county in southern Baden - Württemberg , Germany during the Middle Ages .
Sable Falls is a waterfall located on Sable Creek in the easternmost portion of the Pictured Rocks National Lakeshore in Alger County , Michigan .
Keswick Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Sacramento River about 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) northwest of Redding , California .
Laplandiya ( Russian : Лапла́ндия ) is a rural locality ( a railway station ) in administrative jurisdiction of Olenegorsk Town with Jurisdictional Territory in Murmansk Oblast , Russia , located beyond the Arctic Circle on the Kola Peninsula at a height of 148 meters ( 486 ft ) above sea level .
Wędrogów ( vɛnˈdrɔɡuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowiesy , within Skierniewice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Issyk - Kul Region ( Kyrgyz : Ысык-Көл областы ) is one of the regions of Kyrgyzstan .
The Ilo Province is one of three provinces that make up the Moquegua Region in Peru .
Bilton Grange is a preparatory school located in Dunchurch , near Rugby , Warwickshire .
The Piano Row District is a historic district encompassing two blocks of buildings facing Boston Common at the corner of Tremont Street and Boylston Street in Boston , Massachusetts .
Talekstan ( Persian : تلكستان‎‎ , also Romanized as Taleḵstān ) is a village in Sepiddasht Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Bald River is a river located in Monroe County , Tennessee in the Cherokee National Forest .
Peninsula College is an open - access , comprehensive community college located in Port Angeles , Washington , on the Olympic Peninsula .
Kottathur is a settlement in Ayroor village situated on the eastern part of Ayroor Village of Pathanamthitta district in Kerala state , India .
Barrancas National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located at Naval Air Station Pensacola , in the city of Pensacola , Florida .
Bhagan Bigha is a village near Bihar Sharif , in the Nalanda district of Bihar state , India .
Crantock ( Cornish : Lanngorrow ) is a coastal civil parish and a village in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Fucheng County ( simplified Chinese : 阜城县 ; traditional Chinese : 阜城縣 ; pinyin : Fùchéng Xiàn ) is a county in Hengshui , Hebei province , China .
Tuleh Sar ( Persian : توله سر‎ , also Romanized as Tūleh Sar ) is a village in Jennat Rudbar Rural District , in the Central District of Ramsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Springfield United Methodist Church ( formerly Springfield Methodist ) was established in 1954 in the Washington , DC suburb of Springfield , Virginia .
Khomartaj ( Persian : خمارتاج‎ , also Romanized as Khomārtāj ; also known as Khomārtāsh ) is a village in Harasam Rural District , Homeyl District , Eslamabad - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Thorpe Audlin is a hamlet and civil parish in the City of Wakefield in West Yorkshire , England .
International Drive , commonly known as I - Drive , is a major 11.1-mile ( 17.9 km ) thoroughfare in Orlando , Florida , United States , and is the city 's main tourist strip .
The Maynard and Edith Hamlin Dixon House and Studio is a residence and former painting studio in Mount Carmel , Utah .
Kameshkan ( Persian : كامشكان‎ , also Romanized as Kāmeshkān , Kāmeshgān , and Kāmeskān ; also known as Kameshan and Kāshgān ) is a village in Hesar - e Valiyeasr Rural District , Avaj District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
St Endellion ( Cornish : Sen Endelyn ) is a civil parish and village in north Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Boundary Creek Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada located northeast of the city of Grand Forks in that province 's Boundary Country , adjacent to BC Highway 3 .
Milewo Zabielne ( miˈlɛvɔ zaˈbjɛlnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin - Borzymy , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Chhuchhakwas is a village in Jhajjar district of Haryana state , India , having pincode 124106 .
Yeshiva Torah Temimah is an Orthodox yeshiva with branches in Brooklyn , New York and Lakewood , New Jersey that was founded and is run by Rabbi Lipa Margulies .
R.Pudupalayam ( Tamil : இரா. புதுப்பாளையம் ) is a village panchayat near Rasipuram municipal corporation in Namakkal district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
WRRX ( 106.1 FM ) is an urban adult contemporary music formatted radio station in the Pensacola , Florida , market owned by Cumulus Media .
The Loren Andrus Octagon House , also known as Washington Octagon House , is an historic octagonal house located at 57500 Van Dyke Street just north of 26 Mile Road in Washington Township , Macomb County , Michigan .
Le V is a hotel and apartment complex in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
The Ronald Reagan Trail is a collection of highways in central Illinois that connect villages and cities that were of importance to former United States President Ronald Reagan .
The Salón de Reinos ( Hall of the Kingdoms ) or salón grande ( great hall ) is a wing of the Buen Retiro Palace in Madrid .
Masha - ye 6 Posht Kuh Do Sari ( Persian : مشاع 6پشت كوه دوساري‎ , also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye 6 Posht Kūh Do Sārī ) is a village in Garmsar Rural District , Jebalbarez - e Jonubi District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Abu Tarbeh ( Persian : ابوتربه‎ , also Romanized as Abū Tarbeh ; also known as Abū Taryeh and Bātarbeh ) is a village in Bagh Safa Rural District , Sarchehan District , Bavanat County , Fars Province , Iran .
Tianhe-2 or TH-2 ( Chinese : 天河-2 ; pinyin : tiānhé - èr ; literally : `` Heavenriver-2 '' , that is , `` Milky Way 2 '' ) is a 33.86-petaflop supercomputer located in National Supercomputer Center in Guangzhou .
Shakhmelu ( Persian : شخملو‎ , also Romanized as Shakhmelū ; also known as Sheykhlū ) is a village in Mulan Rural District , in the Central District of Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Belchalwell is a small village in the civil parish of Okeford Fitzpaine in the Blackmore Vale , North Dorset , England .
Sutro Heights Park is historic public park in the Outer Richmond District of western San Francisco , California .
Nachar - e Pain ( Persian : ناچارپائين‎ , also Romanized as Nāchār - e Pā’īn ; also known as Nāchār and Rangīnū ) is a village in Asir Rural District , Asir District , Mohr County , Fars Province , Iran .
Disney 's Paradise Pier Hotel is a resort hotel located at the Disneyland Resort in Anaheim , California , owned by The Walt Disney Company and operated through its Parks and Resorts division .
Woźniki - Paklewy ( vɔʑˈniki paˈklɛvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Kord - e Shami ( Persian : كردشامي‎ , also Romanized as Kord - e Shāmī and Kard Shāmī ; also known as Kord - e Shāhī ) is a village in Dowrahan Rural District , Gandoman District , Borujen County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Coltishall is a village ( population 1,405 ) on the River Bure , west of Wroxham , in the English county of Norfolk , within the Norfolk Broads .
Eutin Castle ( German : Eutiner Schloss ) in Eutin in the north German district of Ostholstein is the cultural centre and nucleus of the town and , together with Gottorf and Glücksburg Castles , belongs to the most important courtly secular buildings in the state of Schleswig - Holstein .
Bridgnorth is a town in Shropshire , England , situated on the Severn Valley .
Binpur ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) is part of No . 33 Jhargram ( Lok Sabha constituency ) .
Museumkwartier ( Amsterdam ) ( the Museum Quarter ) is a neighbourhood of Amsterdam , Netherlands , located in the borough of Amsterdam - Zuid .
Harris Academy Bermondsey is a secondary school located inside the London Borough of Southwark district of Bermondsey .
Smriječje ( Serbian : Смрјечје ) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The ECR Kooi Bridge is a bridge in Sheridan County , Wyoming , located 2.7 miles ( 4.3 km ) west of the community of Monarch .
Segersjö is a suburb of Tumba in Botkyrka Municipality , Stockholm County , southeastern Sweden .
The Whistler Olympic Park is the location of the Nordic events facilities for the 2010 Winter Olympics and is located in the Madeley Creek basin in the Callaghan Valley , west of Whistler , British Columbia , Canada .
Pasorkhi ( Persian : پاسرخي‎ , also Romanized as Pāsorkhī ) is a village in Abnama Rural District , in the Central District of Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Dhorka is a village in Gurgaon district and the eponymous tehsil in the Indian state of Haryana .
The Prince Arthur Hotel now known as The Prince Arthur Hotel and Suites is a hotel in Thunder Bay , Ontario .
Agh Barzeh ( Persian : اغ برزه‎ , also Romanized as Āgh Barzeh ; and Āghbarzeh ) is a village in Shenetal Rural District , Kuhsar District , Salmas County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Biel Water is a river running through the Biel Estate in Biel , East Lothian .
The Historic Artcraft Theatre is a movie theater in Franklin , Indiana in the United States .
Masumiyeh ( Persian : معصوميه‎ , also Romanized as Ma``şūmīyeh ; also known as Shabeh and Shahveh ) is a village in Masumiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Arak County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 2,101 , in 625 families .
Tadmur District ( Arabic : منطقة تدمر , translit . : manṭiqat Tadmur ) is a district of the Homs Governorate in central Syria .
Parkers Woods and Buttercup Valley Nature Preserve Located in the Northside neighborhood of Cincinnati , Ohio , Parkers Woods and Buttercup Valley Nature Preserve form a contiguous green space of approximately 89 acres connected by natural hiking trails .
Masendar ( Persian : ماسندر‎ , also Romanized as Māsendar ) is a village in Palanganeh Rural District , in the Central District of Javanrud County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Pioneer and Endicott Buildings are two office buildings located in downtown Saint Paul , Minnesota .
El Retén is a town and municipality of the Magdalena Department in northern Colombia .
Sacred Heart Cathedral Preparatory , commonly known as SHC , or SH , is a Catholic school located in the Cathedral Hill neighborhood of San Francisco , California .
The Wheeler Ridge Interchange includes the only truck bypass in Kern County .
Cervaro is a town and comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Frosinone in the Italian region Lazio .
Barezil ( Persian : بارزيل‎ , also Romanized as Bārezīl ; also known as Bāzerīl ) is a village in Dasht Rural District , in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Dobiesław - Kolonia ( dɔˈbjɛswaf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Darłowo , within Sławno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Wydanka ( vɨˈdaŋka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziszów , within Jędrzejów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Bottle Island ( Scottish Gaelic : Eilean a ' Bhotail ) is one of the Summer Isles in Loch Broom , Scotland .
The Stroh Center is a 4,387-seat multi - purpose arena on the campus of Bowling Green State University in Bowling Green , Ohio , United States , that opened in September 2011 .
Horsemonger Lane Gaol ( also known as the Surrey County Gaol or the New Gaol ) was a prison close to present - day Newington Causeway in Southwark , south London .
The Horse Mesa Dam is a concrete thin arch dam located in the Superstition Mountains , northeast of Phoenix in Maricopa County , Arizona .
Mahmud Hoseyn ( Persian : محمودحسين‎ , also Romanized as Maḩmūd Ḩoseyn ) is a village in Sakhvid Rural District , Nir District , Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Barrack Street is one of two major cross - streets in the central business district of Perth , Western Australia .
Sovata ( Romanian pronunciation : ( soˈvata ) ; Hungarian : Szováta ; Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈsovaːtɒ ) ) is a town in Mureş County , central Romania .
The Fielding Garr Ranch is a ranch located on the southeastern portion of Antelope Island State Park in the Great Salt Lake , Utah , United States and is part of the Utah State Parks system .
Alacalufes National Reserve ( Spanish : Reserva Nacional Alacalufes ) is located between Canal Concepción and Strait of Magellan in Chile .
The Main Sawmill , now known as Ledyard Up - Down Sawmill , is located on Iron Street in Ledyard , Connecticut .
The Crigler Mound Group is an important archaeological site in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Missouri .
The Temple Terrace Golf and Country Club is an historic golf course and country club in Temple Terrace , Florida .
Montour Wildlife Management Area at 1,100 acres ( 4.5 km2 ) is an Idaho wildlife management area in Gem County near Emmett along the Payette River .
The Schenectady Armory is located on Washington Avenue in the city of the same name in the U.S. state of New York .
Gjemselund Stadion is a football stadium in Kongsvinger , Norway and the home ground of Kongsvinger Idrettslag .
Negwegon State Park is an undeveloped state park in Alpena County and Alcona County , Michigan , just southeast of the unincorporated community of Ossineke .
The Horse Heaven Hills AVA is an American Viticultural Area in southeastern Washington , and is part of the larger Columbia Valley AVA .
The Noble County Sheriff 's House and Jail in Albion , Indiana was built in 1875 by Thomas J. Tolan and Son , Architects of Fort Wayne , Indiana .
Niedźwiada - Kolonia ( ɲed͡ʑˈvjada kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niedźwiada , within Lubartów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Jazdowice ( jazdɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słaboszów , within Miechów County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Sihori also known as Shihori is a village in Banaskantha district in the state of Gujarat , India .
The Basilica of Our Lady of Guadalupe ( Spanish : Basílica de Nuestra Señora de Guadalupe ) is a Roman Catholic church , basilica and National shrine of Mexico in the north of Mexico City .
Poti ( Georgian : ფოთი ; Mingrelian : ფუთი ; Laz : ჶაში/Faşi ; formerly known to the Turks as Faş ) is a port city in Georgia , located on the eastern Black Sea coast in the region of Samegrelo - Zemo Svaneti in the west of the country .
The Jefferson Park Transit Center is an intermodal passenger transport center , in the Jefferson Park neighborhood of Chicago , Illinois .
Sickte is a municipality in the district of Wolfenbüttel , in Lower Saxony , Germany .
CKUJ - FM is a community radio station that broadcasts on the frequency 97.3 FM in Kuujjuaq , Quebec , Canada .
The Quequechan River is a river in Fall River , Massachusetts , that flows in a northwesterly direction from the northwest corner of the South Watuppa Pond through the heart of the city of Fall River and into to the end of the Taunton River at Mount Hope Bay at Heritage State Park / Battleship Cove .
Mirzanaq ( Persian : ميرزانق‎ , also Romanized as Mīrzānaq ; also known as Mīrrānaq ) is a village in Minabad Rural District , Anbaran District , Namin County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Oxford Bar is a public house situated on Young Street , in the New Town of Edinburgh , Scotland .
Yantacaw Brook is a tributary of the Third River in the township of Montclair , Essex County , New Jersey in the United States .
The Hamilton and Alexandra College is an independent , private non - profit , co - educational day and boarding school located in Hamilton , Victoria , Australia .
Dumuria is a village and a Gaon Panchayat in Barpeta district in the Indian state of Assam .
Columbia Gorge Community College is a two - year public college in The Dalles , Oregon , United States on the Columbia River in The Columbia River Gorge .
The Everton Genealogy Collection was a noncirculating collection of genealogy and local history items that was part of the Logan Library in Logan , Utah .
The Galter Pavilion is a skyscraper hospital building in Chicago , Illinois , USA .
Bazha ( Chinese : 巴扎乡 ) is a village and township in Bainang County , in the Shigatse prefecture - level city of the Tibet Autonomous Region of China .
Tangancícuaro is a municipio ( municipality ) in the Mexican state of Michoacán , western Mexico .
Genanlu - ye Hasan Soltanlu ( Persian : گنانلوحسن سلطان لو‎ , also Romanized as Genānlū Ḩasan Solṭānlū ; also known as Genānlū , Ghenānlū , and Gonānlū ) is a village in Keyvan Rural District , in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Concord International Centre is a supertall skyscraper under construction in Chongqing , China .
Felbrigg is a small village just south of Cromer in Norfolk , England .
Basra Governorate ( Arabic : محافظة البصرة‎‎ Muḥāfaẓa al - Baṣra ) ( or Basra Province ) is a governorate in southern Iraq , bordering Kuwait to the south and Iran to the east .
Wyszembork ( vɨˈʂɛmbɔrk ) ( German Weißenburg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrągowo , within Mrągowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Beyram Rural District ( Persian : دهستان بيرم‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Beyram District , Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Ruzieck ( ˈruʑet͡sk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnosielc , within Maków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Przymiłowice - Podgrabie ( pʂɨmiwɔˈvit͡sɛ pɔdˈɡrabjɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztyn , within Częstochowa County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Upper Rissington is a village and civil parish in the Cotswold district of Gloucestershire , England , located about two - and - a - half miles east of Bourton - on - the - Water .
With the new arrangement of the administrative districts the municipality Alfdorf came to the Rems - Murr - Kreis and therefore to Stuttgart Region .
Higher Tolcarne is a hamlet in Cornwall , England ) .
The Daniel Aldrich Cottage and Sawmill is a historic property at 364 Aldrich Street in Uxbridge , Massachusetts .
Port Hope ( Peter 's Field ) Aerodrome ( TC LID : CPH3 ) is an aerodrome located 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ; 6.9 mi ) west of Port Hope , Ontario , Canada .
WWRA , AKA Radio Amor , is a Spanish language Christian music station aimed at the growing Spanish speaking community around Baton Rouge , Louisiana .
Kadampara is a village situated on a river island in the Cuttack district , in the state of Odisha , India .
Sholden is a quiet village near Deal towards Sandwich in Kent , South East England .
Mohammad Alilu ( Persian : محمد عليلو‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammad ʿAlīlū ; also known as Yūzqūyī ) is a village in Garamduz Rural District , Garamduz District , Khoda Afarin County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Banarud ( Persian : بنارود‎ , also Romanized as Banārūd ; also known as Banārī and Banaru ) is a village in Darram Rural District , in the Central District of Tarom County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Naval Outlying Field Coupeville ( ICAO : KNRA , FAA LID : NRA ) is a military airport located two miles ( 3 km ) southeast of Coupeville , Washington , in Island County .
Fanore ( Irish : Fánóir , Fán Óir , meaning `` the golden slope '' ) is a small village in County Clare , on the west coast of Ireland .
Mah Gardi ( Persian : مه گردي‎ , also Romanized as Mah Gardī ) is a village in Sarfaryab Rural District , Sarfaryab District , Charam County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Salim Sheykh ( Persian : سليم شيخ‎ , also Romanized as Salīm Sheykh ) is a village in Kolijan Rostaq - e Olya Rural District , Kolijan Rostaq District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Luce County Sheriff 's House and Jail was originally built as a correctional facility and government building at 411 West Harrie Street in Newberry , Michigan , United States .
Centerville High School is a public school of secondary education for grades 9 - -12 located in Centerville , Ohio , situated ten miles south of Dayton .
Wrangell Island is in the Alexander Archipelago in the Alaska Panhandle of southeastern Alaska .
The Kenyatta International Convention Centre ( KICC ) is a 28-story building located in Nairobi , Kenya .
Bad Bertrich is an Ortsgemeinde -- a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde , a kind of collective municipality -- in the Cochem - Zell district in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Shanghai Pardeh ( Persian : شانگهاي پرده‎ , also Romanized as Shānghāī Pardeh ) is a village in Licharegi - ye Hasan Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar - e Anzali County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Worcester Park is a suburban town in southwest London , covering both the extreme north - west of the London Borough of Sutton in Greater London ( east of the railway line that runs through the area ) and the northernmost part of the Borough of Epsom and Ewell in Surrey ( west of the railway ) .
Siu Lek Yuen Nullah ( Chinese : 小瀝源渠 ) is one of the nullahs of the Shing Mun River in Siu Lek Yuen , Hong Kong .
Ojcowa Wola ( ɔi̯ˈt͡sɔva ˈvɔla ) ( German : Vaterswille ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młynary , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Palcheqli ( Persian : پالچقلي‎ , also Romanized as Pālcheqlī ; also known as Pālcheqlī Āqlar ) is a village in Palizan Rural District , in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Harman 's Cross is a small village on the Isle of Purbeck , in the county of Dorset in the south of England .
The Emma Willard School , originally called Troy Female Seminary and often referred to simply as `` Emma , '' is an independent university - preparatory day and boarding school for young women , located in Troy , New York on Mount Ida , offering grades 9 - 12 and postgraduate coursework .
Qabed ( Persian : قبد‎ , also Romanized as Qobeyd ) is a village in Rivand Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
George Andrews Reserve is an Australian soccer ground in Dandenong , a suburb of Melbourne , Victoria .
Surom ( Persian : سورم‎ , also Romanized as Sūrom ) is a village in Gurab Zarmikh Rural District , Mirza Kuchek Janghli District , Sowme'eh Sara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The City of Warwick was a local government area administering the regional centre of Warwick in the Darling Downs region of Queensland .
Storke Tower is the tallest steel / cement structure in Santa Barbara County .
Champion Lakes Regatta Centre ( generally referred to as Champion Lakes ) is a man - made aquatic sporting facility south of Perth , Western Australia in the suburb of Champion Lakes .
Zawdzka Wola ( ˈzaft͡ska ˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łasin , within Grudziądz County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Hawker 's Hut is a historic hut at Morwenstow , Cornwall originally built by the eccentric clergyman , poet and antiquarian , Robert Stephen Hawker ( 1803 -- 1875 ) , close to Higher Sharpnose Point .
125 London Wall , also known as Alban Gate , is a postmodernist building on London Wall in the City of London .
Marriott Rivercenter is a hotel located in San Antonio , Texas , USA .
St Margaret Pattens is a Church of England church in the City of London , located on Eastcheap near the Monument .
Mount Cooke , near Jarrahdale , Western Australia , is the highest point on the Darling Scarp at 582 metres ( 1,909 ft ) .
Athletics Stadium is a former minor league baseball stadium located in Tulsa , Oklahoma .
CHRC - FM 92.5 FM is a radio station serving Clarence - Rockland , Ontario , Canada , which broadcasts an adult contemporary format on the frequency of 92.5 MHz / FM .
Baba Hesari ( Persian : باباحصاري‎ , also Romanized as Bābā Ḩeşārī ) is a village in Pish Khowr Rural District , Pish Khowr District , Famenin County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Dowiaty ( dɔˈvjatɨ ) ( German : Dowiaten ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budry , within Węgorzewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Kurowo - Parcele ( kuˈrɔvɔ parˈt͡sɛlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baruchowo , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The College View Historic District is a national historic district located north of East Carolina University at Greenville , Pitt County , North Carolina .
Deh Kian ( Persian : ده كيان‎ , also Romanized as Deh Kīān ; also known as Kīān and Kīyān ) is a village in Dehdez Rural District , Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Wisbech St Mary is a small village , 2 miles ( 3 km ) west of the town of Wisbech in Cambridgeshire , England .
WONY is a campus radio station based out of Oneonta , New York , USA , on the campus of the State University of New York at Oneonta .
Pike 's Peak Grange No . 163 is an historic Grange hall located at 3093 N. State Highway 83 in Franktown , Colorado .
The Parkway Playhouse , located in Burnsville , North Carolina , is the oldest continually operating summer theater in North Carolina .
Aghutman ( Persian : اغوتمان‎ , also Romanized as Āghūtmān ) is a village in Il Gavark Rural District , in the Central District of Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Old Bunnell State Bank Building ( also known as the Citizens Bank of Bunnell ) is a historic site in Bunnell , Florida , located between 101 through 107 North Bay Street .
Yazdgerd ( Persian : يزدگرد‎ , also Romanized as Yazdejerd , Yazdegerd , and Yazjerd ) is a village in Silakhor Rural District , Silakhor District , Dorud County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Nzérékoré Region is a region in the southern part of Guinea .
Sarsuy - e Sofla ( Persian : سرسوي سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Sarsūy - e Soflá ; also known as Sarsū Pā’īn , Sarsū Soflá , Sarsū - yeh Pā'īn , and Sarsū - ye Soflá ) is a village in Abidar Rural District , in the Central District of Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Harashi ( Persian : هرشي‎ , also Romanized as Harashī ) is a village in Nashtifan Rural District , in the Central District of Khvaf County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Birch Creek Airport ( IATA : KBC , FAA LID : Z91 ) is a state - owned , public - use airport located one nautical mile ( 1.85 km ) north - northwest of the central business district of Birch Creek , in the Yukon - Koyukuk Census Area in the U.S. state of Alaska .
First Evangelical Church of Albany ( Albany Open Bible Standard Church ) is a historic church at 1120 SW 12 Avenue in Albany , Oregon .
Hendabad ( Persian : هنداباد‎ , also Romanized as Hendābād ) is a village in Gavork - e Sardasht Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
King 's College , Hong Kong ( Chinese : 英皇書院 ) , often informally referred to simply as King 's or K.C. , is a highly selective single - sex boys ' secondary school located at 63A Bonham Road , Mid - levels , in the Central and Western District .
The Kleiner Jasmunder Bodden belongs to the North Rügen Bodden and is a water body on the southern edge of the Baltic Sea in the German state of Mecklenburg - Vorpommern .
Boryspil Raion ( Ukrainian : Бориспільський район , translit . : Boryspil's'kyi raion ) is an administrative raion ( district ) in east - central Kiev Oblast of Ukraine .
La Colle Falls Hydroelectric Dam is a partially complete hydroelectric dam built by the City of Prince Albert , Saskatchewan .
Sandbanks is a small peninsula or spit ( 1 km2 or 0.39 sq mi ) crossing the mouth of Poole Harbour on the English Channel coast at Poole in Dorset , England .
Kalak Darmian Ali Aqanzari ( Persian : كلك درميان علي اقانظري‎ , also Romanized as Kalaḵ Darmīān ʿAlī Āqānẓarī ) is a village in Afrineh Rural District , Mamulan District , Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The villages of Great Urswick and Little Urswick , together called Urswick , are located in the Furness peninsula in Cumbria , England .
Mychów ( ˈmɨxuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzechów , within Ostrowiec County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Marais - Vernier ( French pronunciation : ​(ma.ʁɛ vɛʁ.nje ) ) is a commune in the Eure department in Haute - Normandie in northern France .
The Eugene O'Neill Theatre is a Broadway theatre located at 230 West 49th Street in Midtown Manhattan .
Babworth is a village and civil parish in the Bassetlaw district of Nottinghamshire , England , about 1½ miles west of Retford .
Akdeniz University Stadium ( Turkish : Akdeniz Üniversitesi Stadyumu ) is a multi - use stadium in Akdeniz University , Antalya , located at Mediterranean coast of Turkey .
Jordan Landing is a master - planned development located in the center of West Jordan , Utah , adjacent to South Valley Regional Airport .
Grosscup Road Historic District is a national historic district located at Charleston , West Virginia .
Toad 's Place is a concert venue and nightclub located in New Haven , Connecticut .
Bartolino ( bartɔˈlinɔ ) ( formerly German Bartlin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malechowo , within Sławno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Sammy Miller Motorcycle Museum was set up in 1964 , after the former championship winning trials rider Sammy Miller set up a parts business in New Milton , Hampshire , England .
Halemi ( Persian : حالمي‎ , also Romanized as Hālemī ) is a village in Khusf Rural District , Central District , Khusf County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Omagh ( /ˈoʊmə/ or /ˈoʊmɑː/ ; Irish pronunciation : ( ˈomæ ) -- from Irish : an Ómaigh , meaning `` the virgin plain '' ( ənˠ ˈoːmˠəi ) ) is the county town of County Tyrone , Northern Ireland .
Shur Mast - e Rudbar ( Persian : شورمست رودبار‎ , also Romanized as Shūr Mast - e Rūdbār ) is a village in Rastupey Rural District , in the Central District of Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Taramazd ( Persian : طرمزد‎ , also Romanized as Ţarāmazd ; also known as Tārah Mazd , Tareh Mozd , Tarmazd , Tarmozd , and Teramis ) is a village in Mashhad - e Miqan Rural District , in the Central District of Arak County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Etna Turpentine Camp Archeological Site is an abandoned turpentine camp near Inverness , Florida .
Reefs Harbour - Shoal Cove West - New Ferolle is a designated place in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador , located southwest of Anchor Point .
The Soldiers ' and Sailors ' Arch ( 1889 - -92 ) in Brooklyn , New York is a triumphal arch dedicated `` To the Defenders of the Union , 1861 - 1865 '' .
Boggulkunta is a commercial area in Hyderabad , the capital city of Telangana , India .
The Monticello Steam Electric Station is a three unit coal - fired power plant located in Titus County , Texas .
American Fork Presbyterian Church ( also known as Community Presbyterian Church ) is a historic church at 75 N. 1st East Street in American Fork , Utah that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places ( NRHP ) .
The Charles S. Keith House , also known as the J. C. Nichols House , is a historic residence located at 1214 West 55th Street in Kansas City , Missouri .
Po ' Monkey 's lounge is located in unincorporated Bolivar County , Mississippi outside of Merigold .
Qeshlaq - e Shakur ( Persian : قشلاق شكور‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Shakūr ; also known as Qeshlāq and Qeshlāq - e Shakar ) is a village in Nazlu - e Shomali Rural District , Nazlu District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Coldspring House is an unincorporated locality and former roadhouse on the Cariboo Wagon Road in the Cariboo Country of the Central Interior of British Columbia , Canada .
Butte College is a community college in the Butte - Glenn Community College District which is located in northern California between the towns of Chico , Oroville , and Paradise , about 80 miles ( 129 km ) north of the state capital .
Liuzhou ( /ˈljuːˈdʒoʊ/ , Chinese : 柳州 ) is a prefecture - level city in north - central Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region , People 's Republic of China .
Chin Sebili ( Persian : چين سبيلي‎ , also Romanized as Chīn Sebīlī and Chīn Sabīlī ; also known as Chīn Sīblī , Chen Sebblī , and Chīn Sebablī ) is a village in Mazraeh - ye Jonubi Rural District , Voshmgir District , Aqqala County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Lincoln Memorial University ( LMU ) is a private four - year co - educational liberal arts college located in Harrogate , Tennessee , United States .
Yapal ( Persian : ياپل‎ , also Romanized as Yāpal and Yāpāl ; also known as Vāpal ) is a village in Chehel Cheshmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Szumów ( ˈʂumuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kurów , within Puławy County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Loch Lomond distillery is a Highland Single Malt Scotch whisky distillery in Alexandria , Scotland , near Loch Lomond .
Knovíz ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈknoviːs ) ) is a village and municipality in Kladno District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
The Peter Herdic House is a historic home located at 407 West 4th Street between Elmira and Center Streets in the Millionaire 's Row Historic District of Williamsport , Pennsylvania .
Mount Ainslie is a hill with an elevation of 843 metres ( 2,766 ft ) AHD that is located in the northeastern suburbs of Canberra , in the Australian Capital Territory , Australia .
Menlo School , also referred to simply as Menlo , is an independent college preparatory school in Atherton , California , near the heart of Silicon Valley .
The Presidio Santa Cruz de Terrenate is a former Spanish military presidio , or fortress , located roughly west of the town of Tombstone , Arizona , in the United States of America .
Świechocin ( ɕfjɛˈxɔt͡ɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pszczew , within Międzyrzecz County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Jemeppe Castle , also known as Hargimont Castle ( French : Château Jemeppe or Château d'Hargimont ) , is a castle in Hargimont , now part of the municipality of Marche - en - Famenne , province of Luxembourg , Belgium .
Rip Hewes Stadium is a 10,000-seat stadium located in Dothan , Alabama .
Kafri ( Persian : كفري‎ , also Romanized as Kafrī ) is a village in Qarah Bagh Rural District , in the Central District of Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Owieczka ( ɔˈvjɛt͡ʂka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łukowica , within Limanowa County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Kurcew ( ˈkurt͡sɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotlin , within Jarocin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Goljik ( Persian : گلجيك‎ , also Romanized as Goljīk ; also known as Guljak ) is a village in Zanjanrud - e Bala Rural District , in the Central District of Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Macharce ( maˈxart͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płaska , within Augustów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Sohra Ghazanfariyeh Shomali ( Persian : صحراغضنفريه شمالي‎ , also Romanized as Şoḩrā Ghaẕanfarīyeh Shomālī ) is a village in Nurabad Rural District , Garkan - e Jonubi District , Mobarakeh County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Uralloor or Urallur is a place near Koyilandy in Kozhikode district in Kerala state , India and is included in the Arikkulam Panchayath .
Camp Kulis is the unofficial but widely used name referring to an area north of the flightline on Joint Base Elmendorf - Richardson , near Anchorage , Alaska .
Kong Ha ( 亞笏 ) is a village in the Sha Tau Kok District of Hong Kong , China .
Fjarðabyggð is a municipality located in eastern Iceland , in the Eastern Region .
The Narcisse Snake Pits are located in the Rural Municipality of Armstrong about six kilometers north of Narcisse , Manitoba , Canada .
WTBQ is an independently owned radio station broadcasting from Warwick , New York .
Alluttoq Island ( Danish : Arveprinsen Ejland ) is a large ( 655 km2 ( 252.9 sq mi ) ) , uninhabited island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in western Greenland , located in the northern part of Disko Bay , in the outlet of the Sullorsuaq Strait , east of Disko Island .
Bila Tserkva ( Ukrainian : Бiла Церква , Polish : Biała Cerkiew , Russian : Белая Церковь , Belaya Tserkov , literally White Church ) is a city in central Ukraine , the largest city in Kiev Oblast .
Denby is a village in the English county of Derbyshire that is notable as the birthplace of John Flamsteed , England 's first Astronomer Royal , and the location of the Denby Pottery Company .
Khodabakhsh Jadegal ( Persian : خدابخش جدگال‎ , also Romanized as Khodābakhsh Jadegāl ; also known as Khodābakhsh Bāzār ) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Sopworth is a small village and civil parish in northwest Wiltshire , England , on the county 's border with South Gloucestershire .
Bhujpur Thana ( Bengali : ভূজপূর ) is a newly established Thana in Chittagong District .
Springfield Mill , also known as the Piper - Streeper Mill , is a historic gristmill located along the Wissahickon Creek in Erdenheim , Springfield Township , Montgomery County , Pennsylvania .
Palo Duro Canyon is a canyon system of the Caprock Escarpment located in the Texas Panhandle near the city of Amarillo , Texas , United States .
Hoveysh - e Jadid ( Persian : حويش جديد‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoveysh - e Jadīd ) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District , Shavur District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Rio Vista Municipal Airport ( FAA LID : O88 ) is a public airport located three miles ( 4.8 km ) northwest of Rio Vista , serving Solano County , California , USA .
Harrower Glacier is located on the west side of the Continental Divide in the northern Wind River Range in the US state of Wyoming .
Bożejów ( bɔˈʐɛjuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Murów , within Opole County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Norman Music Festival ( NMF ) is an annual three - day American music festival that takes place in downtown Norman , Oklahoma .
Qabaq Tappeh - ye Kord ( Persian : قباق تپه كرد‎ , also Romanized as Qābāq Tappeh - ye Kord ; also known as Ghabagh Tappeh Mehraban , Qābākh Tappah , Qābāq Tappeh , and Qapaq Tepe ) is a village in Gol Tappeh Rural District , Gol Tappeh District , Kabudarahang County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
The Mid - Cities is a suburban region of Texas filling the thirty - mile span between Dallas and Fort Worth .
Perumukkal ( Tamil : பெருமுக்கல் ) is a small village in Tindivanam ( Tamil : திண்டிவனம் ) taluk in Villuppuram ( Tamil : விழுப்புரம் ) district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Darvand - e Yek ( Persian : داروند1‎ , also Romanized as Dārvand - e Yek ) is a village in Direh Rural District , in the Central District of Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Anshan ( Chinese : 鞍山 ; pinyin : Ānshān ; literally : `` saddle mountain '' ) is the third largest prefecture level city in Liaoning province , People 's Republic of China .
Malampuzha is a village in Palakkad district of Kerala , South India , near to the Malampuzha Dam .
Watson 's Corner is the historical name for an intersection in Cambridge , Massachusetts , at the corner of Rindge Avenue and Massachusetts Avenue .
Pulandian District ( simplified Chinese : 普兰店区 ; traditional Chinese : 普蘭店區 ; pinyin : Pǔlándiàn Qū ) is one of the seven districts under the administration of Dalian , located in the south of Liaoning province , People 's Republic of China .
Kerrville Municipal Airport ( IATA : ERV , ICAO : KERV , FAA LID : ERV ) ( Louis Schreiner Field ) is six miles southeast of Kerrville , in Kerr County , Texas .
Khodasadevi ( also Sodasadevi ) is a village in Achham District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal .
Avenue Berthelot is a street in the 7th ( Guillotière ) and 8th arrondissement ( Bachut ) of Lyon which connects the bridge Galliéni at the east to the A43 highway via the Avenue Jean Mermoz which extends it to the west .
Tughan - e Jadid ( Persian : طوغان جديد‎ , also Romanized as Ţūghān - e Jadīd ) is a village in Chaharduli - ye Gharbi Rural District , Chaharduli District , Qorveh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Bourg - en - Bresse ( French pronunciation : ​(buʁkɑ̃bʁɛs ) ; Bôrg in Arpitan language ) is a commune in eastern France , capital of the Ain department , and was capital of the former province of Bresse ( Brêsse ) .
The Madre del Buon Consiglio ( or Basilica dell'Incoronata Madre del Buon Consiglio or Maria del Buon Consiglio ) ( Italian : Crowned Mother of Good Counsel ) is a Roman Catholic church in Naples , southern Italy .
Samsun Province ( Turkish : Samsun ili ) is a province of Turkey on the Black Sea coast with a population of 1,252,693 ( 2010 ) .
The Salvador Dalí Museum is an art museum in St. Petersburg , Florida , United States , dedicated to the work of Salvador Dalí .
Halhal - e Olya ( Persian : حالحال عليا‎ , also Romanized as Ḩālḩāl - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Avajiq - e Jonubi Rural District , Dashtaki District , Chaldoran County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 92 , in 16 families .
Bacze Mokre ( ˈbat͡ʂɛ ˈmɔkrɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Rheinufer Tunnel ( German : Rheinufertunnel or `` Rhine Bank Tunnel '' ) is a road tunnel in Düsseldorf , Germany .
Kupeh Qaran ( Persian : كوپه قران‎ , also Romanized as Kūpeh Qarān and Kūpehqarān ) is a village in Gol Tappeh Rural District , Ziviyeh District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Mazraeh - ye Razak ( Persian : مزرعه رزك‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Razak ) is a village in Bahman Rural District , in the Central District of Abadeh County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 25 , in 7 families .
Ługowiny ( wuɡɔˈvinɨ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kostrzyn , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Fadafen ( Persian : فدافن‎ , also Romanized as Fadāfen ; also known as Fadāfin ) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District , in the Central District of Kashmar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Skałowo ( skaˈwɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostrzyn , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Maokong ( Chinese : 貓空 ; pinyin : Māokōng ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : niau - khang ; literally : `` cat sky '' ) is located in Wenshan District of Taipei , Taiwan .
Sturdivant Hall , also known as the Watts - Parkman - Gillman Home , is a historic Greek Revival mansion and house museum in Selma , Alabama , United States .
Wisborough Green is a village and civil parish in the Chichester district of West Sussex , England 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) west of Billingshurst on the A272 .
Krasnybór ( krasˈnɨbur ) ( Lithuanian : Krasniburas ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztabin , within Augustów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Chadru ( Persian : چدرو‎ , also Romanized as Chadrū ) is a village in Bid Shahr Rural District , Evaz District , Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Cherokee Trail High School is a public secondary - educational institution located in the eastern portion of the city of Aurora , Colorado .
Fish Creek Island is a 48-acre ( 19-hectare ) island on the Ohio River in Marshall County , West Virginia , United States .
The Central Unit ( C , previously the Imperial State Prison Farm and the Central State Prison Farm ) was a Texas Department of Criminal Justice ( TDCJ ) men 's prison in Sugar Land , Texas .
The Stone Hall of Jijian Temple ( Chinese : 寂鉴寺 ) is located on Tianchi Mountain in Suzhou , Jiangsu Province , China .
Atyashevsky District ( Russian : Атя́шевский райо́н ; Erzya : Отяжбуе ; Moksha : Атяшевань аймак ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the twenty - two in the Republic of Mordovia , Russia .
Hajjiabad - e Khvoriad ( Persian : حاجي آباد خورياد‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād - e Khvorīād ; also known as Hājī Ābād , Ḩājjīābād , Ḩājjīābād - e Khūrīān , and Ḩājjīābād - e Khvorīān ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Semnan County , Semnan Province , Iran .
The East Main Street - Glen Miller Park Historic District is a neighborhood of historic residential buildings in Richmond , Indiana along the National Road ( US 40 ) and sometimes called Millionaire 's Row .
Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh are four museums that are operated by the Carnegie Institute headquartered in the Carnegie Institute complex in Oakland neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Neyuk ( Persian : نيوك‎ , also Romanized as Neyūk ) is a village in Allahabad Rural District , Zarach District , Yazd County , Yazd Province , Iran .
105 South Washington Street in Huntsville , Alabama , is a historic commercial building .
The San Andres National Wildlife Refuge is located in the southern San Andres Mountains of southcentral New Mexico , USA .
Udasar is a village in Bikaner tehsil in the state of Rajasthan in northern India .
Ternopil Oblast ( Ukrainian : Тернопільська область , translit . Ternopilska oblast ; also referred to as Ternopilshchyna - Ukrainian : Тернопільщина ) is an oblast ( province ) of Ukraine .
The Chüpfenflue is a mountain of the Plessur Alps , located between Langwies and Davos in the Swiss canton of Graubünden .
The American Gothic House , also known as the Dibble House , is a house in Eldon , Iowa , designed in the Gothic Revival style with a distinctive upper window .
Darbari - ye Jowkar ( Persian : داربري جوكار‎ , also Romanized as Dārbarī - ye Jowkār ; also known as Dārbarī and Deh Now - e Dārbar ) is a village in Margown Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Marist College North Shore ( MCNS ) ( often shortened to Marist North Shore ) , is a Roman Catholic , secondary day school for boys , located in North Sydney , New South Wales , Australia , a suburb on Sydney 's Lower North Shore .
Lungotevere Aventino is the part of the lungotevere connecting the ponte Palatino to Piazza dell'Emporio , in Rome , in the rione Ripa .
The Kremlin Senate ( Russian : Сенатский дворец ) is a building within the grounds of the Moscow Kremlin in Russia .
The Albany James H. Gray , Sr . Civic Center ( Albany Civic Center for short ) is an 10,240-seat multi - purpose arena in Albany , Georgia , United States .
Mayagüez Bay ( Spanish : Bahía de Mayagüez ) is a bay located in western Puerto Rico .
Jesmond is a residential suburb and is split into two electoral wards just north of the centre of Newcastle upon Tyne , England .
Gowjeh Kand ( Persian : گوجه كند‎ ; also known as Kūjākand ) is a village in Babarashani Rural District , Chang Almas District , Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Tangu Subdistrict ( Chinese : 谈固街道 ) is a township - level division of Chang'an District , Shijiazhuang , Hebei , China .
The Lowry Avenue Bridge is a steel tied - arch bridge over the Mississippi River in Minneapolis , Minnesota , completed in October of 2012 .
Darreh Jehud ( Persian : دره جهود‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Jehūd ) is a village in Dehdez Rural District , Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
High School for the Gifted ( HSG ; Vietnamese : Trường Phổ Thông Năng Khiếu ) is a specialized public high school located in Ho Chi Minh City , Vietnam .
WCMC - FM is a Sports Talk radio station based in Raleigh , North Carolina and licensed to nearby Holly Springs .
Zaraqoli - ye Pain ( Persian : زراقلي پايين‎ , also Romanized as Zarāqolī - ye Pā’īn ; also known as Zarāqolī - ye Soflá ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Ramhormoz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Berenjbon ( Persian : برنج بن‎ ; also known as Berūnjavīn and Beranjabīn ) is a village in Kuhsarat Rural District , in the Central District of Minudasht County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Gyeongju ( Korean pronunciation : ( kjəːŋdʑu ) ) , historically known as `` Seorabeol '' , is a coastal city in the far southeastern corner of North Gyeongsang Province in South Korea .
Bid Korpeh - ye Sofla ( Persian : بيدكرپه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Bīd Korpeh - ye Soflá ; also known as Bidkarih Sofla , Bid Korpeh , and Bīdkorpeh - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Kamazan - e Sofla Rural District , Zand District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Kleśniska ( klɛɕˈniska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipie , within Kłobuck County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Ho King Commercial Building ( Chinese : 好景商業中心 ) and Ho King Shopping Centre ( 好景商場 ) are located at the junction of Fa Yuen Street and Dundas Street in Mong Kok , Hong Kong .
The Hardtwald is a forest in Baden - Württemberg , south - western Germany .
The Countess de Hoernle Student Life Center is a multi - purpose arena on the Florida campus of Northwood University in West Palm Beach , Florida .
Southwark Park is located in Rotherhithe , in central South East London , and is managed by the London Borough of Southwark .
Nowe Łubki ( ˈnɔvɛ ˈwupki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Piz Bever is a mountain of the Albula Alps , located in the Val Bever , in the canton of Graubünden .
Potomac State Forest is a state forest in the state of Maryland near Oakland .
Łęka - Kolonia ( ˈwɛnka kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyca , within Łęczyca County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Jowkar Rural District ( Persian : دهستان جوكار‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Jowkar District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Wólka Zabłocka - Kolonia ( ˈvulka zaˈbwɔt͡ska kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczna , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
St. Rita of Cascia High School is an all - male Roman Catholic high school located on the southwest side of Chicago , Illinois , United States .
The North Haven Mall was a shopping mall proposed for construction in North Haven , Connecticut .
The Rookery Building is a historic landmark located at 209 South LaSalle Street in the Loop community area of Chicago in Cook County , Illinois , United States .
Uppiliapuram ( also spelt as Uppiliyapuram ) is a panchayat town in Tiruchirappalli district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Love County Airport ( FAA LID : 4O2 ) was a public - use airport located two nautical miles northwest of the central business district of Marietta , a city in Love County , Oklahoma , United States .
The Obion River system is the primary surface water drainage system of northwestern Tennessee .
Trophy Mountain ( locally called Trophy Mountains or The Trophies ) is a mountain in east - central British Columbia , Canada , located in the south - east region of Wells Gray Provincial Park .
Szelewo ( ʂɛˈlɛvɔ ) ( German : Schelow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Mu'tah ( Arabic : مؤتة ) is a town in Karak Governorate in Jordan .
Karilopatna ( Karilo patna , Karilo patana , Odia : କେନ୍ଦ୍ରାପଡ଼ା ) is a city and a municipality near Patkura in Kendrapara district in the Indian state of Odisha .
Kaag en Braassem is a municipality in the western Netherlands , in the province of South Holland .
Naval Air Station DeLand was a United States Naval Air Station located in DeLand , Florida from 1942 - 1946 .
Tołkiny ( tɔu̯ˈkinɨ ) ( German : Tolkynen ( 1938 - 45:Tolksdorf ) ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Coalisland is a small town in County Tyrone , Northern Ireland , with a population of 4,917 in 2001 .
Adelaide Metcalfe ( 2011 population 3,028 ) is a township in Middlesex County , Ontario , Canada .
The Bodine Farmhouse is located on Wallkill Road just outside the village of Walden in the Town of Montgomery , Orange County , New York , USA .
The Scotch Whisky Experience is a whisky visitor attraction located on Castlehill in the Old Town of Edinburgh , immediately adjacent to the esplanade of Edinburgh Castle .
Farm to Market Road 1764 , or FM 1764 , is a 13-mile - long ( 21 km ) state highway in the U.S. state of Texas .
Stege and Waidbach are two small rivers in Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany , forming a pseudobifurcation .
Louisiana State University School of Music ( LSU , commonly referred as LSU School of Music ) is a music school located on the northwestern side of the campus of Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge , Louisiana , United States .
Watkin 's Tower was a partially completed iron lattice tower in London , England , UK .
Drągi ( ˈdrɔnɡi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Marie Canyon is a canyon on the Cowichan River , just below Skutz Falls , on southern Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada .
Ab Niyeh - ye Sofla ( Persian : ابنيه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Āb Nīyeh - ye Soflá ; also known as Āb Nīyeh and Āvīeh ) is a village in Rashtkhvar Rural District , in the Central District of Rashtkhvar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Roche Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located northeast of Stump Lake in the Nicola Country of that province 's South - Central Interior .
On Wednesday , 16 November 1898 , Harrods debuted England 's first `` moving staircase '' ( escalator ) in their Brompton Road stores ; the device was actually a woven leather conveyor belt - like unit with a mahogany and `` silver plate - glass '' balustrade .
Jagodziny ( jaɡɔˈd͡ʑinɨ ) ( German : Ketzwalde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówno , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Falentyn ( faˈlɛntɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryki , within Ryki County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Yereance - Berry House is a stone house built in the early 19th century in what is now Rutherford , in Bergen County , New Jersey , United States .
Puttgarden is a ferry harbour and a village on the German island of Fehmarn .
Piersko ( ˈpjɛrskɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kaźmierz , within Szamotuły County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Bagh - e Hasan ( Persian : باغ حسن‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Ḩasan ) is a village in Kiskan Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Shimen County ( simplified Chinese : 石门县 ; traditional Chinese : 石門縣 ; pinyin : Shímén Xiàn ) is under the administration of Changde , Hunan province , China .
Itahara(इटहरा ) is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south - eastern part Nepal .
It is located on Akumal Bay and Half Moon Bay on the site of a former coconut plantation in Tulum Municipality in the state of Quintana Roo , and is part of the Riviera Maya area .
Oryszew - Osada ( ɔˈrɨʂɛf ɔˈsada ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiskitki , within Żyrardów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Runcorn is an industrial town and cargo port in Cheshire , England , located within the Metropolitan Borough of Halton .
Mentasta Pass is a major mountain pass in Alaska , separating the Alaska Range on the west from the Mentasta Mountains on the east .
Horní Planá ( German : Oberplan ) is a town in Český Krumlov District , in South Bohemia , Czech Republic .
The Federal Medical Center , Devens ( FMC Devens ) is a United States federal prison in Massachusetts for male inmates requiring specialized or long - term medical or mental health care .
KVOZ , branded as `` Radio Cristiana '' , is a Spanish - language Christian talk format AM radio station that serves the Laredo , Texas , United States and Nuevo Laredo , Tamaulipas , Mexico border area .
Sharafkhaneh ( Persian : شرفخانه‎ ; also Romanized as Sharafkhāneh , Sharifkhane , Sharifkhaneh , and Sheraf - Khane ; also known as Bandar - e Sharafkhāneh ) is a city in the Central District of Shabestar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The InterContinental San Francisco is a high - rise hotel at 888 Howard Street in the South of Market district of San Francisco , California .
Billy Green Falls is a 17 metre high complex ribbon waterfall found in Battlefield Creek , Stoney Creek , Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
Pacaembu ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( pakaẽˈbu ) ) is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil .
Lavis ( German : Laifs ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 7 kilometres ( 4 miles ) north of Trento .
The Canning Basin is a geological basin located in Western Australia .
Cwmdare ( Welsh : Cwmdâr ) is a village near Aberdare , in Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales .
Brzóze ( ˈbʐuzɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Barrington Plaza is an apartment complex in Los Angeles , California , located at 11740 Wilshire Boulevard in West Los Angeles community of Los Angeles , California .
Trgovište ( Serbian Cyrillic : Трговиште ) is a small town and municipality located in the Pčinja District of Serbia .
Westland Middle School is a public school in Bethesda in unincorporated Montgomery County , Maryland .
Tian Dasht ( Persian : طياندشت‎ , also Romanized as Ţīān Dasht and Ţīāndasht ; also known as Tīābash ) is a village in Dastjerd Rural District , Alamut - e Gharbi District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
WPNW is a conservative - based news / talk radio station in Holland , Michigan , in the United States .
The Istanbul Naval Museum ( Turkish : İstanbul Deniz Müzesi ) is a national naval museum , located at Beşiktaş district of Istanbul in Turkey .
Aurora Mountain is located in the Blue Range of the Canadian Rockies , which forms part of the Continental Divide and the provincial boundary between British Columbia and Alberta .
Blumenstein Castle is an estate house in the municipality of Solothurn of the Canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Shenandoah Caverns is a commercial show cave in the Shenandoah Valley of Virginia .
Ośniki ( ɔɕˈniki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leoncin , within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Jastrząbka Młoda ( jasˈtʂɔmpka ˈmwɔda ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śniadowo , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
WHPL is a radio station licensed to West Lafayette , Indiana located at 89.9 MHz , channel 210 , on the FM dial .
Saenamteo is a location on the north bank of the Han River in Seoul , South Korea .
Meerut district is one of the districts of Uttar Pradesh state of India , and Meerut is the district headquarters .
The Smith Alumnae Gymnasium is a historic gym building on the Smith College campus in Northampton , Massachusetts .
Narthamalai(Tamil:நார்த்தாமலை ) , a cluster of small hills , is 25 km from Trichy on the Trichy - Pudukottai highway in the state of Tamil Nadu , India .
The Fort of Má Ferramenta ( Portuguese : Forte da Má Ferramenta ) , near the port of the civil parish of São Mateus da Calheta , municipality of Angra do Heroísmo , along the southern coast of the Portuguese island of Terceira , in the archipelago of the Azores .
Commezzadura ( German : Kommedür , Ladin : Comezadurå ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) northwest of Trento .
The Sanctuary River Cabin No . 31 , located on the Sanctuary River at Mile 22.7 S of Park Rd . in Denali National Park & Preserve , Alaska is a log cabin that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Rodovia Marechal Cândido Rondon ( officially designated SP-300 ) is a highway in the state of São Paulo , Brazil .
Dast Murdan ( Persian : دست موردن‎ , also Romanized as Dast Mūrdan ) is a village in Gowharan Rural District , Gowharan District , Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Carpenter Hill is a hill located in the eastern Sacramento Valley - Sierra Nevada foothills region of California .
The Anchorage Museum is a large art , history , ethnography , ecology and science museum located in a modern building in the heart of Anchorage , Alaska .
The Birksgate Range is a scattered range of mountains in the northwest of South Australia .
Gulfport High School ( GHS ) is a publicly funded school in Gulfport school district of Gulfport , Mississippi .
On June 27 , 2008 , Moore began the process to sell WVEK - FM to Holston Valley Broadcasting Corporation of Kingsport , Tennessee .
Letterkenny Munitions Center , located on Letterkenny Army Depot in Franklin County , Pennsylvania , is a satellite activity under Crane Army Ammunition Activity in Crane , Indiana .
Kokoszewo ( kɔkɔˈʂɛvɔ ) ( German : Gerthen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bisztynek , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Nansan Town ( Chinese : 南伞镇 ; pinyin : Nánsăn Zhèn ) is a town under the jurisdiction of Zhenkang County , Lincang Prefecture , Yunnan Province , China .
Stefkowa ( stɛfˈkɔva ) ( Ukrainian : Стефкова , Stefkova ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszanica , within Lesko County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
The George Kunhardt Estate is a historic estate off Great Pond Road in North Andover , Massachusetts .
Gitig ( Persian : گيتيگ‎ , also Romanized as Gītīg ) is a village in Polan Rural District , Polan District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Children 's Hospital of Pittsburgh of UPMC , a hospital of the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center , is the only hospital in Southwestern Pennsylvania dedicated solely to the care of infants , children and young adults .
Boligee Hill , now known as Myrtle Hill , is a historic plantation house near Boligee , Alabama .
Aven Armand is a cave located in the Cévennes National Park , in the Lozère département , between Meyrueis and Sainte - Enimie .
The Kuykendall Polygonal Barn was an early 20th - century polygonal barn in the South Branch Potomac River valley near Romney in Hampshire County , West Virginia .
Qaleh - ye Safa ( Persian : قلعه صفا‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh - ye Şafā ; also known as Şafā ) is a village in Hesar Rural District , Khabushan District , Faruj County , North Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 420 , in 112 families .
Myrtle Creek Municipal Heliport ( FAA LID : OG62 ) is a private Heliport located 3 miles southeast of Myrtle Creek in Douglas County , Oregon , USA .
Sowti ( Persian : سوتي‎ , also Romanized as Sowtī ) is a village in Garmeh - ye Shomali Rural District , Kandovan District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Pasadena City Hall , completed in 1927 , serves as the central location for city government in the City of Pasadena , California and it is a significant architectural example of the City Beautiful movement of the 1920s .
Chah - e Talkh Molla Mohammad ( Persian : چاه تلخ ملامحمد‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Talkh Mollā Moḩammad ) is a village in Doruneh Rural District , Anabad District , Bardaskan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Lloyd V. Berkner High School is a high school in Richardson , in the U.S. state of Texas , with a 2008 enrollment of 2,755 and a student / teacher ratio of 16.7 .
Katalan ( Persian : كتالان‎ , also Romanized as Katālān ) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzkuh County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Sanet y Negrals is a town located in the comarca of Marina Alta , in the province of Alicante , Spain .
Kharashtom ( Persian : خرشتم‎ , also Romanized as Khareshtom ) is a village in Amlash - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
For administrative purposes , Gatesgarth lies within the civil parish of Buttermere , the district of Allerdale , and the county of Cumbria .
Golden Eagle Regional Park ( or Golden Eagle Regional Park & Sports Complex ) is a large outdoor artificial turf sports complex in Sparks , Nevada .
Takan ( Persian : تكان‎ , also Romanized as Takān ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Sharqi Rural District , Shadian District , Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Amos Bristol Tavern is a historic inn and tavern located at West Meredith in Delaware County , New York , United States .
The Western Financial Place ( formerly known as the Cranbrook Recreational Complex ) is a 4,264-seat ( plus 352 Standing room ) arena in Cranbrook , British Columbia .
Bab Gorg ( Persian : بابگرگ‎ , also Romanized as Bāb Gorg ) is a village in Gevar Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Ruabon ( Welsh : Rhiwabon pronounced ( r̥ɪʊˈɑːbɔn ) ) is a village and community in the county borough of Wrexham in Wales .
Shuangfeng County ( simplified Chinese : 双峰县 ; traditional Chinese : 雙峰縣 ; pinyin : Shuāngfēng Xiàn ; literally : `` double peak '' ) is under the administration of Loudi , Hunan province , China .
Distington ( /ˈdɪzɪŋtən/ ) is a large village and civil parish in Cumbria , England , 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) south of Workington and 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) north - northeast of Whitehaven .
Anarchist Mountain is a mountain in British Columbia , Canada , which rises 1,491 metres ( 4,892 ft ) above sea level .
Târgu Jiu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˌtɨrɡu ˈʒiw ) ) is the capital of Gorj County in the Oltenia region of Romania .
Błaziny Górne ( bwaˈʑinɨ ˈɡurnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłża , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Goldendale Observatory State Park is an educational facility near Goldendale , Washington notable for its unusually large public telescope .
Hayscastle or Hays - Castle ( Welsh : Cas - lai ) is a village and community of Pembrokeshire in West Wales .
Villa de Chantal Historic District was an historic district located in Rock Island , Illinois , United States .
Castiglione di Sicilia ( Sicilian : Castigghiuni di Sicilia ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Catania in Sicily .
McDonald Road Library is one of 28 freely - accessible public libraries in Edinburgh , Scotland .
Jald Bardasht ( Persian : جلدبرداشت‎ , also Romanized as Jald Bardāsht ; also known as Jald Gūrāb Dasht ) is a village in Yeylaqi - ye Ardeh Rural District , Pareh Sar District , Rezvanshahr County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Loppington is a village and parish in Shropshire , England , situated a few miles west of Wem .
Fasanqar ( Persian : فسنقر‎ ; also known as Posangar ) is a village in Qasabeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
8888 Keystone Crossing is a high rise in Indianapolis , Indiana .
Barzagaru ( Persian : برزگرو‎ , also Romanized as Barzagarū and Barzegarū ) is a village in Tula Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Punel ( Persian : پونل‎ , also Romanized as Pūnel ; also known as Pūnīl ) is a village in Khoshabar Rural District , in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Camino of Rancho San Antonio is a former road that was located in Alameda County , California .
Pir Safa ( Persian : پيرصفا‎ , also Romanized as Pīr Şafā ; also known as Pīr Moşţāfa and Pīr Mustāfa ) is a village in Khav and Mirabad Rural District , Khav and Mirabad District , Marivan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Bala Holu Sara ( Persian : بالاهلوسرا‎ , also Romanized as Bālā Holū Sarā ) is a village in Shabkhus Lat Rural District , Rankuh District , Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Saskatoon Correctional Centre is an adult male , provincial correctional centre located in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Almeda Mall is a shopping mall located in the Southeast side of Houston , Texas on Interstate 45 .
Nabala is a village in Kiili Parish , Harju County , in northern Estonia , located about 20 km ( 12 mi ) southeast of Tallinn .
The Winters - Wimberley House is a historic home in Texas .
Buck 's Corner Historic District encompasses a cluster of formerly rural ( now suburban ) properties in eastern Wilmington , Massachusetts .
The city of Mailsi is the headquarters of its namesake Mailsi Tehsil , an administrative subdivision of the Vehari District
Jazrabad ( Persian : جذراباد‎ , also Romanized as Jazrābād ) is a village in Siyahu Rural District , Fin District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Fazel Allah Khan Agrigultural Institute ( Persian : سازمان كشاورزي فضل اله خان‎ -- Sāzemān Kashāvarzī Faz̤el Allah Khān ) is a company town and village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Afognak Forest and Fish Culture was established by the General Land Office in Alaska on December 24 , 1892 as a forest preserve .
Abernathy Field ( ICAO : KGZS , FAA LID : GZS ) is a public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) southwest of the central business district of Pulaski , a city in Giles County , Tennessee , United States .
Foxwoods Resort Casino is a hotel casino in Mashantucket , Connecticut on the Mashantucket Pequot Indian Reservation .
The Deer Valley Music Festival is the summer home of the Utah Symphony and Utah Opera .
Paciorkowa Wola Stara ( pat͡ɕɔrˈkɔva ˈvɔla ˈstara ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń , within Zwoleń County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Ironwood Ridge High School is a public high school , located in Oro Valley , Arizona .
Ishliki ( Persian : ايشليكي‎ , also Romanized as Īshīkī ; also known as Eshlīkī , Ishlik , Ishlyk , and Lashīkī ) is a village in Kurka Rural District , in the Central District of Astaneh - ye Ashrafiyeh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Old Broadway Synagogue is an Orthodox Jewish synagogue in Harlem , Manhattan , New York City incorporated in 1911 under the name Chevra Talmud Torah Anshei Marovi , by an immigrant named Morris Schiff .
Wickliffe Mounds ( 15 BA 4 ) is a prehistoric , Mississippian culture archaeological site located in Ballard County , Kentucky , just outside the town of Wickliffe , about 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) from the confluence of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers .
Syberia - Wapniska ( sɨˈbɛrja vapˈniska ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz , within Żuromin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Krajnik ( ˈkrai̯nik ) ( formerly German Buddenbrock ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfino , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Guipry ( Breton : Gwipri , Gallo : Gipri ) is a former commune in the Ille - et - Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France .
Bosporthennis is a hamlet south of Treen in the civil parish of Zennor on the Penwith peninsula in west Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
The Galeton Area School District is a small , rural public school district operating in Potter County , Pennsylvania .
Black Hill Conservation Park is a protected area approximately 10 km northeast of Adelaide , in the state of South Australia , Australia .
Fiskardo ( Greek : Φισκάρδο , also Fiscardo or in the past Viscardo ) is a village and a community on the Ionian island of Kefalonia , Greece .
Alcmaria Victrix are a Dutch omnisport club based in Alkmaar , North Holland .
Kish Galeh Bid ( Persian : كيش گله بيد‎ , also Romanized as Kīsh Galeh Bīd ) is a village in Zalaqi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Besharat District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Ban Phiakhamkak is a village in Phouvong District in the Attopu Province of southeast Laos .
The Three Pigeons was a prominent and famous meeting place in Bergen Township , New Jersey during the revolutionary period , and was used historically as a landmark as well as a popular place for hosting special occasions .
Rybiny ( rɨˈbinɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka , within Radziejów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Shuru Rural District ( Persian : دهستان شورو‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Kurin District , Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Cappella Demidoff di San Donato , or Demidoff Chapel of San Donato , is occupied at present by the Church of Christ in Florence , and is found on via San Donato .
Lake Lagunitas is a reservoir on Lagunitas Creek in Marin County , California .
The Campo San Polo is the largest campo in Venice , Italy , the second largest Venetian public square after the Piazza San Marco .
Lemithou or Lemythou ( Greek : Λεμιθου/Λεμύθου ) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus , located 3 km west of Prodromos .
Wola Owadowska ( ˈvɔla ɔvaˈdɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastrzębia , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Alverdiscott ( Pronounced /ˈɒlskɒt/ or /ˈɔːlskɒt/ ) is a village and civil parish in the Torridge district of Devon , centred 5.5 miles ( 9 km ) SSW of Barnstaple .
Hamudi - ye Sadun ( Persian : حمودي سعدون‎ , also romanized as Ḩamūdī - ye Sa``dūn ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Dasht - e Azadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 303 , in 54 families .
Liarud ( Persian : ليارود‎ , also Romanized as Līārūd ) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
American Legion Memorial Stadium is a 21,000-capacity stadium located on 7th Street in the Elizabeth community of Charlotte , North Carolina .
Coastal Carolina Regional Airport ( IATA : EWN , ICAO : KEWN , FAA LID : EWN ) is a public airport located three miles ( 5 km ) southeast of central business district of New Bern , a town in Craven County , North Carolina , United States .
St Helen 's House is a Grade I listed building situated in King Street , Derby , England .
Hajji Moharab ( Persian : حاجي محارب‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjī Moḥārab ) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District , Shavur District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Kalpadi ( Tamil : கல்பாடி ) is a panchayat village of Perambalur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Stanningfield is a village in the parish of Bradfield Combust with Stanningfield , in the St Edmundsbury District , in the English county of Suffolk .
Bainskloof Pass ( Afrikaans : Bainskloofpas ) is a mountain pass on the R301 regional road between Wellington and Ceres in the Western Cape province of South Africa .
Küçüksu Palace or Küçüksu Pavilion , aka Göksu Pavilion , ( Turkish : Küçüksu Kasrı ) is a summer palace in Istanbul , Turkey , situated in the Küçüksu neighborhood of Beykoz district on the Asian shore of the Bosphorus between Anadoluhisarı and the Fatih Sultan Mehmet Bridge .
The Amos Block is a Romanesque Revival building located on the southwest corner of Clinton Square in Downtown Syracuse , New York .
The W. Gordon Belser Arboretum ( 10 acres ) is an arboretum located near the University of South Carolina campus , in Columbia , South Carolina .
San Kheyl ( Persian : سانخيل‎ , also Romanized as Sān Kheyl ; also known as Sāneh Kheyl ) is a village in Kolijan Rostaq - e Sofla Rural District , in the Central District of Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Qaleh Khaki ( Persian : قلعه خاكي‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh Khākī and Ghal’eh Khaki ) is a village in Harirud Rural District , Bujgan District , Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 114 , in 21 families .
Kahiltna Glacier is the longest glacier of the Alaska Range in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Public School 7 is a historic school building located in Brooklyn , New York , New York .
Dust Mohammad - e Lashkaran ( Persian : دوست محمدلشكران‎ , also Romanized as Dūst Moḩammad - e Lashkarān ; also known as Dūst Moḩammad - e Lashgarān ) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Piney Grove at Southall 's Plantation is a property listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Charles City County , Virginia .
Akbar Jafar ( Persian : اکبرجعفر‎‎ , also Romanized as Akbar Jaʿfar ) is a village in Cheleh Rural District , in the Central District of Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Tildonk is a village located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant and , since 1977 , is part of the municipality of Haacht , together with Wespelaar , Wakkerzeel and Kelfs .
The Yellomundee Regional Park is a protected regional park that is located on the eastern escarpment of the Blue Mountains region of New South Wales in eastern Australia .
WQLS ( 90.5 FM , `` The Q '' ) is an American non - commercial educational radio station licensed to serve the community of Camden , Alabama .
The Sweetwater Mountains ( highest peak Mount Patterson 11,654 feet ( 3,552 m ) ) is a small mountain range in northern Mono County , California and western Lyon County , Nevada , separating the West Walker River from the East Walker River .
Fushan County ( 浮山县 ) is a county in the municipal region of Linfen , Shanxi .
The Mamaroneck Union Free School District is the school district created to serve the public education needs of Larchmont and Mamaroneck , New York .
Targowisk ( tarˈɡɔvisk ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Kadidal Manjappa ( The former chief minister of Karnataka ) and the renowned orthopedic surgeon Dr. K.T. Surendra were both from this place .
Terra Linda High School ( also known as TLHS and more commonly known as TL ) is a public secondary school located in Terra Linda , San Rafael , California , United States .
The I&M Bank Tower is a skyscraper in Nairobi , Kenya 's capital and largest city .
Devil 's Coulee Dinosaur Heritage Museum , located in Warner , Alberta , Canada , is a key historic site in southern Alberta .
Avià is a municipality in the comarca of Berguedà , in Catalonia .
Albumraveh Shamkoli ( Persian : البومروح شمكلي‎ , also Romanized as Ālbūmraveḥ Shamḵolī ; also known as Albamrāveh , Al Bamrūḩ Shaljeh , and Albomāveh ) is a village in Karkheh Rural District , Hamidiyeh District , Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Tönsheide Forest ( German : Tönsheider Wald ) is a nature reserve near the village of Aukrug east of Neumünster in the north German state of Schleswig - Holstein .
Greenbay is a village in Antigua known especially as the birthplace of the calypsonian King Obstinate .
Gulshan - e - Osman ( Urdu : گلشن عثمان ‎ ) is a new residential neighbourhood of Gadap Town in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Burnt Pine ( Norfuk language Ban Pain ) is the largest town on Norfolk Island .
Pij Bon ( Persian : پيج بن‎‎ , also Romanized as Pīj Bon ; also known as Pīch Bon and Pīchbon ) is a village in Alamut - e Pain Rural District , Rudbar - e Alamut District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Negrești ( Romanian pronunciation : ( neˈɡreʃtʲ ) ) is a town in Vaslui County , located in the eastern part of Moldavia , a traditional region of Romania .
Cerovljani ( Serbian : Церовљани ) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Gazela is a 1901 wooden tall - ship homeported in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Colimbiné or Kolimbiné is a commune in the Cercle of Kayes in the Kayes Region of south - western Mali .
Lake Taylor Transitional Care Hospital ( LTTCH ) is a 296 bed , state - licensed , long - term acute care hospital and nursing facility located in Norfolk , Virginia .
Shamkan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان شامكان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Sheshtomad District , Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Jolly Jack 's Lost Mine is a legend about a hidden placer mine supposed to be located in the Boundary Country of British Columbia .
Guk Tappeh - ye Shomareh - ye Do ( Persian : گوك تپه شماره دو‎ , also Romanized as Gūḵ Tappeh Shomāreh - ye Do ) is a village in Mazraeh - ye Shomali Rural District , Voshmgir District , Aqqala County , Golestan Province , Iran .
KZAL ( 94.7 FM ) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format . Licensed to Manson , Washington , USA , the station serves the Greater Wenatchee area .
The 2005 Glendale train crash is the second - deadliest incident in the history of Metrolink , the commuter railroad in the Los Angeles , California area .
Jowzar Rural District ( Persian : دهستان جوزار‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Lawrence Central High School ( LCHS ) is a high school with over 2,400 students , in northeast Marion County , Indiana .
Dargelu ( Persian : درگلو‎ , also Romanized as Dargelū ; also known as Dargīlū ) is a village in Senderk Rural District , Senderk District , Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Hawkesbury Agricultural College was the first agricultural college of New South Wales , Australia .
WBRI ( 1500 AM ) is a Religious formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Indianapolis , Indiana , serving the Indianapolis metropolitan area .
The Shute Octagon House is an historic octagon house located on McGuire School Road in Duanesburg , Schenectady County , New York .
Kaftar Kar ( Persian : كفتركار‎ , also Romanized as Kaftar Kār ; also known as Kaftar Gār and Laftar Kār ) is a village in Ashrestaq Rural District , Yaneh Sar District , Behshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Los Toldos ( Sometimes referred to as General Viamonte ) is a small town in Buenos Aires Province , Argentina , situated in General Viamonte Partido , which developed around a station of the same name on the Buenos Aires Western Railway .
Trellick Tower is a 31-storey block of flats in North Kensington , Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea , London , England .
Hojedk ( Persian : هجدك‎ , also Romanized as Hejdak ) is a city in and the capital of Kuhsaran District , in Ravar County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Geppi 's Entertainment Museum is a 16,000-square - foot ( 1,500 m2 ) privately owned pop culture museum located at historic Camden Station at Camden Yards in Baltimore , Maryland .
Golozan ( Persian : گلعذان‎ , also Romanized as Gol``oz̄ān , Guliser or Gulizan ) is a village in Zulachay Rural District , in the Central District of Salmas County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 657 , in 176 families .
Kand Halan ( Persian : كندهلان‎ , also Romanized as Kand Halān , Kand Helān and Kandehlān ; also known as Kandelān , Kandelan , Kandlān , and Khiāndelan ) is a village in Jowkar Rural District , Jowkar District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Sangij ( Persian : سنگيج‎ , also Romanized as Sangīj ; also known as Sangieh ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , in the Central District of Nain County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Downtown Grand Las Vegas , formerly the Lady Luck Hotel & Casino , is a hotel and casino in Downtown Las Vegas , Nevada , owned by the CIM Group and operated by Fifth Street Gaming .
Beaver Mill is a historic mill located on Beaver Street in North Adams , Massachusetts .
Yangpyeong Station is Line 5 subway station in Seoul , South Korea .
Cham - e Pir ( Persian : چم پير‎ , also Romanized as Cham - e Pīr and Cham Pīr ) is a village in Cham Rud Rural District , Bagh - e Bahadoran District , Lenjan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Popłacin ( pɔˈpwat͡ɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Duninów , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Tork Mahalleh - ye Alalan ( Persian : ترك محله الالان‎ , also Romanized as Tork Maḩalleh - ye Ālālān ; also known as Tork Maḩalleh ) is a village in Asalem Rural District , Asalem District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Blueprints at Addison Circle is a steel sculpture located in Addison , Texas inside a 133-foot - diameter ( 41 m ) roundabout .
Dusze ( ˈduʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziłów , within Grajewo County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Głupianka ( ɡwuˈpjanka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołbiel , within Otwock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Dream Lake is a high alpine lake located in Rocky Mountain National Park in northern Colorado , located east of the continental divide .
Darreh Kat ( Persian : دره كت‎ ) is a village in Donbaleh Rud - e Shomali Rural District , Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Qanat - e Vali ( Persian : قناتوالي‎ , also Romanized as Qanāt - e Vālī ) is a village in Gevar Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Radiological and Environmental Sciences Laboratory ( RESL ) is a government - owned and government - operated laboratory operated by the U.S. Department of Energy Idaho Operations Office .
Banzerkah ( Persian : بان زركه‎ , also Romanized as Bānzerkah and Bānzergah ) is a village in Kulkani Rural District , Majin District , Darreh Shahr County , Ilam Province , Iran .
WPNN ( 790 AM ) is a radio station serving the Pensacola , Florida market with an news / talk format .
Khujeh Yapaqi ( Persian : خوجه ياپاقي‎ , also Romanized as Khūjeh Yāpāqī ) is a village in Zavkuh Rural District , Pishkamar District , Kalaleh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Babice Nowe ( baˈbit͡sɛ ˈnɔvɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice , within Warsaw West County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Schwerin Hauptbahnhof is the main railway station of the capital of the German state of Mecklenburg - Vorpommern and is located in the northwest of the central city .
Nadolna - Kolonia ( naˈdɔlna kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dmosin , within Brzeziny County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Mrozów ( ˈmrɔzuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miękinia , within Środa Śląska County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Mundawar is a village in the tehsil / mandal of Mundawar in the Alwar district of Rajasthan .
Spigno Monferrato is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region of Piedmont , located about 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) southeast of Turin and about 45 kilometres ( 28 mi ) southwest of Alessandria .
Dąbrówka Morska ( dɔmˈbrufka ˈmɔrska ) is a small village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczurowa , within Brzesko County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Randolph Tabernacle is a Victorian - styled meetinghouse for the Randolph Ward ( congregation ) of the The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS Church ) and is located in Randolph , Rich County , Utah .
Adana Province , ( Turkish : Adana ili ) is a province of Turkey located in south - central Anatolia .
Metung is a town in East Gippsland region of Victoria , Australia .
Rudniki - Kolonia ( rudˈniki kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniecpol , within Częstochowa County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Miyanishin District ( Pashto : ميه نشين ولسوالۍ miya nishin wuləswāləi‎ ) is a new district of Kandahar District , Afghanistan , created in 2005 .
Malme or Malmefjorden is a village at the end of the Malmefjorden ( an arm of the Frænfjorden ) in Fræna Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
RAAF Museum is the official museum of the Royal Australian Air Force , the second oldest air force in the world , located at RAAF Williams Point Cook , Victoria , Australia .
Markerville / Safron Farms Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CSF5 ) , is located 5.3 nautical miles ( 9.8 km ; 6.1 mi ) north northwest of Markerville , Alberta , Canada .
Kunsthalle Wien is the exhibition hall for contemporary art in Vienna .
The Melbourne Magistrates ' Court is the largest venue at which the Magistrates ' Court of Victoria sits .
The Markham Theatre ( Markham Theatre for Performing Arts and renamed to `` FLATO Markham Theatre '' on April 2012 ) is a theatre located at 171 Town Centre Boulevard in the city of Markham , Ontario , Canada .
Schloss Benrath ( Benrath Palace ) is a Baroque - style maison de plaisance ( pleasure palace ) in Benrath , which is now a borough of Düsseldorf .
Qarah Tegini ( Persian : قره تگيني‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Tegīnī and Qareh Tegīnī ; also known as Qarā Tegīneh , Qarātgīni , Qarā Tīgenī , and Qaratīni ) is a village in Kuh Sardeh Rural District , in the Central District of Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
The Marshall Site ( 15CE27 ) is an Early Mississippian culture archaeological site located near Bardwell in Carlisle County , Kentucky , on a bluff spur overlooking the Mississippi River floodplain .
WDTK , known on the air as The Patriot , is a conservative - oriented news / talk radio station broadcasting at 1400 kHz on the AM dial and broadcasts on a translator at 92.7 MHz on the FM dial in Detroit , Michigan , United States .
Royal Air Force station Bitteswell or more simply RAF Bitteswell is a former Royal Air Force station located 2.0 miles ( 3.2 km ) west of Lutterworth , Leicestershire and 6.1 miles ( 9.8 km ) north of Rugby , Warwickshire , England .
The Walden Low Bridge is the downstream of the two bridges over the Wallkill River in Walden , New York , USA .
Wiewiecko ( vjɛˈvjɛt͡skɔ ) ( German Henkenhagen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzyno , within Łobez County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Qanat - e Zangal ( Persian : قناتزنگل‎ , also Romanized as Qanāt - e Zangal ) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Zohan District ( Persian : بخش زهان‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Zirkuh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Karateh - ye Vasaj ( Persian : كرته وسج‎ ) is a village in Khezel - e Sharqi Rural District , Khezel District , Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Maysan Governorate ( Arabic : ميسان Maysān‎ ) is a governorate in southeastern Iraq , bordering Iran .
The Menands Bridge , officially known as the Troy - Menands Bridge , carries New York State Route 378 across the Hudson River in New York connecting Menands with Troy .
Japan Museum SieboldHuis ( Siebold House ) is a museum located at the Rapenburg in Leiden , Netherlands .
Billingham is a town in Teesside in the unitary authority of Stockton on Tees , in North East England , with a population of 35,765 ( 2006),decreasing slightly to 35,165 at the 2011 Census .
Don railway station was built in 1896 by the Canadian Pacific Railway ( CPR ) on the western bank of the Don River at the south side of Queen Street in Toronto .
The six - minute - long video , produced by DLNR in cooperation with the Kauai County Fire Department and Civil Defense Agency , highlights some of the challenges hikers might face on the Kalalau Trail .
The Bronze Horseman ( Russian : Медный всадник , literally `` copper horseman '' ) is an equestrian statue of Peter the Great in Saint Petersburg , Russia .
Norglenwold is a summer village in central Alberta , Canada .
Cornwall & Lebanon Railroad Station , also known as the Pennsylvania Railroad Station , is a historic railway station located in Lebanon , Lebanon County , Pennsylvania .
Ziba Makan ( Persian : زيبامكان‎ , also Romanized as Zībā Makān ) is a village in Jam Rural District , in the Central District of Jam County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Caleb Smith State Park Preserve is a state park located in Suffolk County , New York in the USA .
Town and Country Building , also known as the Lyric Theatre ( before 1913 ) and New Lyric Theatre ( ca . 1913-ca . 1925 ) , is a historic commercial building located at Liberty in Sullivan County , New York .
CityPlace ( West Palm Beach ) is an upscale lifestyle center in downtown West Palm Beach , Florida along South Rosemary Avenue .
Livanlu ( Persian : ليوانلو‎ , also Romanized as Līvānlū ; also known as Dīvānleq and Duānlu ) is a village in Garmeh - ye Shomali Rural District , Kandovan District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Archsum ( Frisian : Arichsem ) is a village on the North Sea island of Sylt in the district of Nordfriesland in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Carroll Glacier is a 15-mile - long ( 24 km ) glacier located in Glacier Bay National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Chandor is a village in South Goa district , Goa , India , on the banks of the river Kushavati , 10 km east from Margao .
Royal Purple Raceway ( formerly Houston Raceway Park ) is a quarter - mile dragstrip in Baytown , Texas , just outside Houston .
Shangyou County ( Chinese : 上犹县 ) is a county under the jurisdiction of Ganzhou Municipality , in Jiangxi province .
Howell Island Conservation Area protected area covering 2,547 acres ( 10.31 km2 ) and managed by the Missouri Department of Conservation on Howell Island located in the Missouri River in Boone Township , St. Charles County , Missouri , although the MDOC land surrounding the parking area is in St. Louis County .
The Norton Reservoir is a lake / reservoir / pond within the towns of Norton and Mansfield , in southeastern Massachusetts .
Älvkarleby Municipality ( Älvkarleby kommun ) is a municipality in Uppsala County in east central Sweden .
The Parc Floral de la Source is a French garden situated to the south of the River Loire , in the La Source neighbourhood of the town of Orléans , in the département of Loiret .
Clothall is a village in the civil parish of Clothall and Luffenhall in Hertfordshire , England with a population of 358 .
Vievis ( pronunciation , Polish : Jewie ) is a small city in Elektrėnai municipality , Lithuania .
Lisiya is an almost abandoned village in Blagoevgrad Municipality , in Blagoevgrad Province , Bulgaria .
Kolonia Ręczno ( kɔˈlɔɲa ˈrɛnt͡ʂnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ręczno , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Strzelecki Desert Lakes Important Bird Area comprises a series of ephemeral waterbodies in the arid Strzelecki Desert of the Far North region of South Australia .
St. Margaret of Cortona School , also known as SMS , is a Middle States Accredited Catholic Elementary School located in Riverdale , in the Bronx , New York .
Culdaff ( Irish : Cúil Dabhcha ) is a village on the Inishowen peninsula of County Donegal , Ireland .
Toledo Sports Arena was a 5,230-seat multi - purpose arena at 1 Main Street , Toledo , Ohio .
Milton Lodge is a house and garden overlooking the city of Wells in the English county of Somerset .
Qaderabad - e Murtan ( Persian : قادرابادمورتان‎ , also Romanized as Qāderābād - e Mūrtān ; also known as Ghader Abad , Kādarābād , and Qāderābād ) is a village in Damen Rural District , in the Central District of Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Kachemak Bay State Park and Kachemak Bay Wilderness Park is a 400,000-acre ( 1,600 km2 ) park in and around Kachemak Bay , Alaska .
Cibiru is one of the 30 districts of Bandung city in West Java , and the location of an Islamic school ( UIN Sunan Gunung Djati ) and Pharmacy School ( Sekolah Tinggi Farmasi Bandung ) near West Java district based Police
Birchley Hall is a grade II * listed Elizabethan house built in about 1594 , in Billinge , Merseyside , England .
Milwińska Huta ( milˈviɲska ˈxuta ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Luzino , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Puget Sound Community School ( known within the school community as PSCS ) is a very small private school located in Seattle , Washington .
Eibsee is a lake in Bavaria , Germany , 9 km southwest of Garmisch - Partenkirchen and roughly 100 km southwest of Munich .
Indian Lake Airport ( FAA LID : 5G2 ) is a privately owned , closed airport located in Indian Lake , Pennsylvania , United States .
Cheshmeh Gaz ( Persian : چشمه گز‎ , also Romanized as Chashmeh Gaz ) is a village in Ekhtiarabad Rural District , in the Central District of Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Christ Church Guilford , historically known as the `` Old Brick Church , '' is an historic Episcopal church located at Guilford , now part of Columbia , in Howard County , Maryland .
Barston is a village and civil parish in Metropolitan Borough of Solihull in the West Midlands of England .
Korchów Pierwszy ( ˈkɔrxuf ˈpjɛrfʂɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Księżpol , within Biłgoraj County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Upper Slaughter is a village in the English county of Gloucestershire located in the Cotswold district located 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) south west of the town of Stow - on - the - Wold .
Botallack ( Cornish : Bostalek ) is a village in west Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
The Site historique maritime de la Pointe - au - Père is a maritime museum located in Rimouski , Quebec , Canada , that displays 200 years of maritime history , and includes the only submarine open to the public in Canada , the HMCS Onondaga ( S73 ) .
Blagoevgrad Province ( Bulgarian : област Благоевград , oblast Blagoevgrad or Благоевградска област , Blagoevgradska oblast ) , also known as Pirin Macedonia ( Bulgarian : Пиринска Македония , Pirinska Makedoniya ) , is a province ( oblast ) of southwestern Bulgaria .
The Sahalee Country Club is a private 27-hole golf course and country club in Sammamish , Washington , a suburb east of Seattle .
McMillan Spire ( 8,004 feet ( 2,440 m ) ) is a mountain peak in the Picket Range in the U.S. state of Washington and within North Cascades National Park .
Pitt Meadows Secondary School ( `` PMSS '' ) is a public high school in Pitt Meadows , British Columbia , part of School District 42 Maple Ridge - Pitt Meadows .
Dinwoody Glacier is located in Shoshone National Forest , in the U.S. state of Wyoming on the east side of the Continental Divide in the Wind River Range .
Patle is a Village Development Committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid - eastern Nepal .
Colômbia is a municipality in the northern part of the state of São Paulo in Brazil .
Johnson County Community College ( JCCC ) is a 245 acres ( 99 ha ) community college located in Overland Park , Kansas at College Boulevard and Quivira Road .
The Bollman Truss Railroad Bridge at Savage , Maryland is the sole surviving example of a revolutionary design in the history of American bridge engineering .
The Reuel E. Smith House , also known as The Cove , located at 28 West Lake Street in Skaneateles , New York , is a picturesque house designed by Alexander Jackson Davis .
Placanica ( Greek : Lakonikà ) is a comune ( commune or municipality ) in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria , located about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) south of Catanzaro and about 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) northeast of Reggio Calabria .
Żyrów ( ˈʐɨruf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Metro Vancouver is the name of a political body and corporate entity designated by provincial legislation as one of the regional districts in British Columbia , Canada .
Nizhnevartovsk ( Russian : Нижневартовск ; IPA : ( nʲɪʐnʲɪˈvartəfsk ) ) is the second largest city in Khanty - Mansi Autonomous Okrug , Russia , located along the right bank of the Ob River .
Marakkarkandy is a small coastal village in Kannur district of Kerala state , south India .
The Indian Creek Bridge is a wrought iron bridge , built about 1880 to the east of Cedar Rapids , Iowa .
The Peter Johnsen Rooming House is an historic building near downtown Sycamore , Illinois .
The Shiawassee River in the U.S. state of Michigan drains an area of 1,201 square miles ( 3,110 km2 ) within Oakland , Genesee , Livingston , Shiawassee , Midland and Saginaw counties .
Estadio La Independencia ( Spanish for The Independence Stadium ) is a multi - use stadium in the city of Tunja , Colombia .
Jasmine Hill Gardens ( 20 acres ) is a botanical garden located on U. S. Route 231 near Wetumpka , Alabama , north of Montgomery .
Band - e Kahnuj ( Persian : بندكهنوج‎ , also Romanized as Band - e Kahnūj and Band Kahnūj ) is a village in Heruz Rural District , Kuhsaran District , Ravar County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Jinhu County ( simplified Chinese : 金湖县 ; traditional Chinese : 金湖縣 ; pinyin : Jīnhú Xiàn ; literally : `` golden lake '' ) is under the administration of Huai'an , Jiangsu province , China .
Dana County ( Persian : شهرستان دنا‎ ; Lurish : شݴرستانی دنا ) is a county in Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province in Iran .
Lasjan is situated in Srinagar ( south ) tehsil and located in Srinagar district of Jammu and Kashmir .
Mueang Haeng ( Thai : เมืองแหง ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Wiang Haeng District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Mahidol University International Demonstration School ( MUIDS ) is an international high school in Thailand located at Mahidol University Salaya Campus .
The Communauté de communes Coteaux et Châteaux was a communauté de communes in the Hérault département and in the Languedoc - Roussillon region of France .
Margowo ( marˈɡɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świerzno , within Kamień County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Roholte is a village and parish in Faxe Municipality , Region Zealand , Denmark .
Jaworowo - Lipa ( javɔˈrɔvɔ ˈlipa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz , within Sierpc County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Looking Glass River in the U.S. state of Michigan is a river flowing through the central region of the Lower Peninsula .
St Paul 's Anglican Grammar School is a coeducational Anglican independent school founded in 1982 in Warragul , Victoria , Australia .
East Waynesville Baptist Church is a Baptist church in Waynesville , a small town in the Great Smoky Mountains of Western North Carolina , United States of America .
Laurel Fork South Wilderness is a U.S. Wilderness Area located in the Greenbrier Ranger District of Monongahela National Forest in West Virginia .
45 Fremont Street is a 34-story , 476 ft ( 145 m ) office skyscraper in the Financial District of San Francisco , California between Market Street and Mission Street .
Thangayur is a village in the west of Salem District , Tamil Nadu , India .
The Oak Hill Welsh Congregational Church is a historic former church in the village of Oak Hill , Ohio , United States .
Taj Boyuk ( Persian : تاج بيوك‎ , also Romanized as Tāj Boyūk ; also known as Tājībeyūk , Tājī Boūk and Tājī Boyūk ) is a village in Mehmandust Rural District , Kuraim District , Nir County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Dubasiewszczyzna ( dubaɕefʂˈt͡ʂɨzna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchowola , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Bogoyna is a village in Tran Municipality in Pernik Province , western Bulgaria .
Latchford is a suburb and electoral ward of Warrington , Cheshire , England .
The Grosse Ile Toll Bridge is a swing bridge that crosses the Trenton Channel of the Detroit River connecting Grosse Ile Township , Michigan to the mainland in Riverview , Michigan which is located in Wayne County , Michigan .
Grabowy Las ( ɡraˈbɔvɨ ˈlas ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec , within Białobrzegi County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Xihe District ( simplified Chinese : 细河区 ; traditional Chinese : 細河區 ; pinyin : Xìhé Qū ) is a district of Fuxin City , Liaoning province , People 's Republic of China .
The Lehigh Valley Mall is an enclosed super - regional shopping mall located in Whitehall Township , Lehigh County , Pennsylvania in the United States .
Rey Zamin ( Persian : ري زمين‎ , also Romanized as Rey Zamīn ) was a village in Asara Rural District , Asara District , Karaj County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Ileanda ( Hungarian : Nagyilonda ) is a commune located in Sălaj County , Romania .
The Ozark National Scenic Riverways is a national park in the Ozarks of southern Missouri in the U.S ..
The Hampton Hill Historic District encompasses the historic village center of Hampton , Connecticut , a small rural community in Windham County .
Molland is small village , civil parish , dual ecclesiastical parish with Knowstone and former manor , located on the southern slopes of the foothills of Exmoor in Devon , England .
Station Road Ground is a cricket ground located off Station Road in Whalley , Lancashire .
Shoeburyness ( also called `` Shoebury '' ) is a town in southeast Essex , England , at the mouth of the Thames Estuary .
The General Theological Seminary of the Episcopal Church ( GTS ) is a seminary of the Episcopal Church in the United States located between West 20th and 21st Streets and Ninth and Tenth Avenues in the Chelsea neighborhood of Manhattan , New York .
Teller Brothers - Reed Tobacco Historic District is a historic cigar factory and tobacco warehouse complex and national historic district located at Lancaster , Lancaster County , Pennsylvania .
Hackney Marshes is an area of grassland on the western bank of the River Lea in the London Borough of Hackney .
The Allerpark is a public leisure park in the German city of Wolfsburg .
Mammoth Mountain is a lava dome complex west of the town of Mammoth Lakes , California , in the Inyo National Forest of Madera and Mono Counties .
Plumbland is a village and civil parish in the Allerdale District in the county of Cumbria .
Harir is a town and sub - district located in the district of Shaqlawa , Erbil , Iraq .
The White Oak Pocosin is a large swamp in northern Onslow County and southern Jones County , North Carolina in the United States .
Krzesk - Królowa Niwa ( ˈkʂɛsk kruˈlɔva ˈniva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Antioch University New England is a private graduate school located in Keene , New Hampshire , United States .
Mazraeh - ye Ashtiyas ( Persian : مزرعه اشتياس‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Āshtīyās ) is a village in Seh Hezar Rural District , Khorramabad District , Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
The Buchan Caves are a group of limestone caves that include the Royal Cave and the Fairy Cave , located south - west of Buchan , in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria .
The Station Inn is a concert venue in Nashville , Tennessee that hosts bluegrass acts .
Mayeh Darrahsi ( Persian : مايه دره سي‎ , also Romanized as Māyeh Darrahsī ) is a village in Qeshlaq - e Sharqi Rural District , Qeshlaq Dasht District , Bileh Savar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Levington is a small village in the Suffolk Coastal District , in the county of Suffolk .
Sabathu is a cantonment town in Solan district in the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh .
La Salle Institute ( LSI ) is an all - male private Catholic college preparatory school enrolling young men in grades six through twelve in North Greenbush , New York , USA .
The Voie Sacrée ( `` Sacred Way '' ) is a road that connects Bar - le - Duc to Verdun ( Meuse ) , France .
Disney 's Hilton Head Island Resort is a Disney Vacation Club Resort and vacation rental accommodation , part of the Disney brand of timeshares , located in Hilton Head Island , South Carolina .
Monasterevin ( Irish : Mhainistir Eimhín ) is a town in County Kildare in Ireland .
Thompson Falls High School is a high school in Thompson Falls , Sanders County , Montana , United States .
The Gundabooka National Park is a protected national park that is located in the north - west region of New South Wales , in eastern Australia .
The Ice Cube Curling Center ( Керлинговый Центр Ледяной куб ) is a 3,000-seat multi - purpose arena in Sochi , Russia , that opened in 2012 .
Suatu ( Hungarian : Magyarszovát ) is a commune in Cluj County , Romania .
Davidson College is a private liberal arts college in Davidson , North Carolina with a historic 665-acre main campus and a 110-acre lake campus on Lake Norman .
St Stephens by Launceston Rural is a civil parish in the east of Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Lepno ( ˈlɛpnɔ ) ( German Löpen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychliki , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Ellenabad , previously known as Kharial , is a city with a municipal committee in the Sirsa district of the state of Haryana , India .
Adigan ( Persian : اديگان‎ , also Romanized as Ādīgān and Ādīkān ; also known as Ādinān , Adnīān , and Edīnān ) is a village in Kahshang Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Roszki ( ˈrɔʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn , within Krotoszyn County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Adamasta Channel ( Chinese : 北長洲海峽 ) is a narrow passage between the Chi Ma Wan Peninsula of Lantau Island and Cheung Chau island in Hong Kong .
WTKK ( 106.1 FM ) , known as `` 106.1 WTKK , More Stimulating Talk Radio '' , is a talk radio formatted radio station that serves the Raleigh - Durham market of North Carolina .
Bak Kandi ( Persian : بك كندي‎ , also Romanized as Bak Kandī and Bakandī ; also known as Beg Kandī , Beyg Kandī , and Bikandi ) is a village in Ilat - e Qaqazan - e Gharbi Rural District , Kuhin District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Lee - Davis High School is located in Mechanicsville , Virginia , United States , a suburb of Richmond .
Mishnu ( Persian : ميشنو‎ , also Romanized as Mīshnū ; also known as Mīshū ) is a village in Gabrik Rural District , in the Central District of Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Miran Mahalleh ( Persian : ميران محله‎ , also Romanized as Mīrān Maḩalleh ) is a village in Machian Rural District , Kelachay District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Calvin Coolidge House is a historic house at 19 - 21 Massasoit Street in Northampton , Massachusetts that was home to President of the United States Calvin Coolidge between 1906 and 1930 .
The Königsallee ( German pronunciation : ( ˈkøːnɪçˌsaleː ) , literally `` King 's Avenue '' ) is an urban boulevard in Düsseldorf , state capital of North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Gardie House is an 18th - century estate house on Bressay in Shetland , Scotland .
Dry Lake Wind Power Project in Navajo County is Arizona 's first utility - scale wind farm .
The Tuskegee Veterans Administration Medical Center began in 1923 as an old soldiers ' home in Tuskegee , Alabama .
Dreamworld is a theme park situated on the Gold Coast in Queensland .
Varzo is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Verbano - Cusio - Ossola in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 130 kilometres ( 81 mi ) northeast of Turin and about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) northwest of Verbania , on the border with Switzerland .
Pir Mishan ( Persian : پيرميشان‎ , also Romanized as Pīr Mīshān ; also known as Pīr Meshān and Pirmashān ) is a village in Jowkar Rural District , Jowkar District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Maruszkowo ( maruʂˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czempiń , within Kościan County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Durak Qalandran ( Persian : دورک قلندران‎ , also Romanized as Dūrak Qalandrān ) is a village in Zalaqi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Besharat District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Noss Mayo is a village in the civil parish of Newton and Noss in the South Hams district of south - west Devon , England , about 6 miles south - east of Plymouth .
Sasabune is a Japanese sushi restaurant located at 401 East 73rd Street ( between First Avenue and York Avenue ) on the Upper East Side of Manhattan , in New York City .
Runów - Osada ( ˈrunuf ɔˈsada ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno , within Piaseczno County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Piedras Blancas , located in the parish of Laspra , is within easy access by motorway to the main urban areas of Asturias ( i.e. Oviedo , Gijón , Avilés ) , and many of its residents commute daily to those areas .
Sakhasi Tappeh ( Persian : ساخسي تپه‎ , also Romanized as Sākhasī Tappeh ) is a village in Beygom Qaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Naqadeh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Altrathen Castle ( German : Burg Altrathen ) is located on a rock outcrop near Rathen in Saxon Switzerland in the German Free State of Saxony .
The Vista Theater is a theatre located at 218 Iron Street in Negaunee , Michigan .
Musa Ali ( Persian : موسي علي‎ , also Romanized as Mūsá `` Alī ) is a village in Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District , Rudkhaneh District , Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 82 , in 20 families .
Red Sucker Lake is a Canadian lake in the northeastern part of Manitoba , near its border with Ontario .
Kalbornia ( kalˈbɔrɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówno , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Eckert Presbyterian Church previously known as First Presbyterian Church of Eckert is an historic church at 13025 Colorado Highway 65 in Eckert , Colorado .
Kosobądź ( kɔˈsɔbɔnt͡ɕ ) ( German : Kotzbahn ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowice , within Drawsko County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Gates Airport ( FAA LID : 7D8 ) is a public use airport in Geauga County , Ohio , United States .
Molendy ( mɔˈlɛndɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Garbatka - Letnisko , within Kozienice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Par Khalil ( Persian : پرخليل‎ , also Romanized as Par Khalīl ) is a village in Margha Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Zubly Cemetery near Beech Island , South Carolina , which is a small community in Aiken County , South Carolina was established around 1790 by Swiss settlers of the nearby New Windsor Township .
Hoseynabad - e Khankowr ( Persian : حسين ابادخانكور‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Khānḵowr ; also known as Ḩoseynābād and Khāneh Kūr ) is a village in Daman Kuh Rural District , in the Central District of Esfarayen County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Ycatapom Peak ( /waɪˈkɑːtəpɒm/ or /waɪˈkætəpɒm/ ) is a mountain in the Trinity Alps in California , USA .
Lane University was a college located in Lecompton , Kansas .
Mozhdeheh ( Persian : مژدهه‎ ; also known as Mozhdeheh Bālā ) is a village in Jirdeh Rural District , in the Central District of Shaft County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Sightings of the Florida Manatee are common at Black Point Marina .
Calcasieu Lake is a brackish lake located in southwest Louisiana , United States , located mostly within Cameron Parish .
The Erskine College - Due West Historic District , is a historic district in Due West , South Carolina , in the United States .
Rectory , Catholic Church of the Assumption is a historic rectory at 563 Ocean Avenue in Ferndale , California which was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 .
Canazei ( Ladin : Cianacèi , German : Kanetschei , Kanzenei or Kanascheid ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located in the upper part of the Val di Fassa , about 110 kilometres ( 68 mi ) northeast of Trento .
Tsing Leng Tsui ( Chinese : 青嶺嘴 ) is a former cape on Tsing Yi Island , Hong Kong between the former Tsing Yi Bay and the Rambler Channel .
Abercych ( or Abercuch , Welsh pronunciation : ( ɑbərkiːx ) ) is a small village in the community of Manordeifi , northeast Pembrokeshire in South West Wales .
Bellefonte Furnace was a hot blast iron furnace located in Bellefonte , Pennsylvania .
Yandina Airport ( IATA : XYA , ICAO : AGGY ) is an airport on Mbanika in the Solomon Islands .
Patli Dar ( Persian : پتليدر‎ , also Romanized as Patlī Dar , Patlīdar , and Potlīdar ; also known as Patliyār ) is a village in Zhavarud - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Tlacolula de Matamoros is a city and municipality in the Mexican state of Oaxaca , about 30 km from the center of the city of Oaxaca on Federal Highway 190 , which leads east to Mitla and the Isthmus of Tehuantepec .
Citice ( German : Zieditz ) is a village and municipality in Sokolov District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic .
Elmira Correctional Facility , also known as `` The Hill '' , is a maximum security state prison located in Chemung County , New York , in the City of Elmira .
Mission Santa Clara de Asís is a Spanish mission founded by the Franciscan order in the present - day city of Santa Clara , California .
Kowloon Bay Park ( Chinese : 九龍灣公園 ) is a public park in Kowloon Bay , Kowloon , Hong Kong .
Nauset Regional High School an NEASC accredited High School located in North Eastham , Massachusetts .
The Women 's City Club is a women 's club located at 2110 Park Avenue in Downtown Detroit , Michigan , within the Park Avenue Historic District .
Palm Springs High School is a public high school for grades 9 through 12 located in Palm Springs , California as part of the Palm Springs Unified School District .
Chaqa Narges Rural District ( Persian : دهستان چقانرگس‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Mahidasht District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Van Gilder Hotel is a historic multipurpose commercial and civic building at 307 Adams Street in Seward , Alaska , United States .
Sackville High School is a Canadian public secondary school located in the community of Lower Sackville , Nova Scotia .
Aygestan ( Armenian : Այգեստան ; formerly , Ayaslu ) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia .
Lexham is a parish consisting of the twin villages of East Lexham and West Lexham situated in the Breckland District of Norfolk and covers an area of 9.73 km2 ( 3.76 sq mi ) with a population of 157 at the 2001 census .
Stadion Suche Stawy , Polish pronunciation : ( ˈstadʲɔn ˈsuxɛ ˈstavɨ ) ; is a multi - purpose stadium in Kraków , Poland .
Tibbitt to Contwoyto Winter Road is an annual ice road first built in 1982 to service mines and exploration activities in the Northwest Territories and Nunavut in Northern Canada .
The Nine Partners Meeting House and Cemetery is located at the junction of NY state highway 343 and Church Street , in the village of Millbrook , New York , United States .
Desert Eagle Observatory ( IAU code 333 ) is a private amateur astronomical observatory , situated near Benson , Arizona , United States .
Safar Khvajeh ( Persian : صفرخواجه‎ , also Romanized as Şafar Khvājeh and Safar Khwājeh ) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District , in the Central District of Nazarabad County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Sar Kahriza ( Persian : سركهريزا‎ , also Romanized as Sar Kahrīzā ; also known as Sar Kahzā ) is a village in Khormarud - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Azadshahr County , Golestan Province , Iran .
KZLZ ( 105.3 FM ) is a Regional Mexican radio station that serves Tucson , Arizona .
Ray Sheeran Field is a rugby facility on Treasure Island in San Francisco , California that opened in 2005 .
Dziewiętlice ( ( d͡ʑɛvjɛnˈtlit͡sɛ ) , German : Heinersdorf , Czech : Pruský Jindřichov ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paczków , within Nysa County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the Czech border .
The Wild Animal Sanctuary is a 720-acre ( 290 ha ) animal sanctuary located near Keenesburg , Colorado , United States .
St. Thérèse Chapel and Academy is a Traditionalist Catholic church and children 's school in Nicholville , New York , operated by the Society of Saint Pius X ( SSPX ) .
Shade Gap Feed and Flour Mill , also known as C.J. Hess Mill , is a historic grist mill located at Dublin Township in Huntingdon County , Pennsylvania .
Montesquiu ( Catalan pronunciation : ( muntəsˈkiw ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of Osona in Catalonia , Spain .
The San Mateo Union High School District is a high school district headquartered in San Mateo , California .
The Amherst Central Business District is a historic district encompassing the heart of downtown Amherst , Massachusetts .
Latalice ( lataˈlit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pobiedziska , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Halensee is a locality ( Ortsteil ) of Berlin in the district ( Bezirk ) of Charlottenburg - Wilmersdorf .
The East Market Street Church of Christ is a historic former church building in Akron , Ohio , United States .
Rudboneh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان رودبنه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Rudboneh District , Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Wahoo Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KAHQ , FAA LID : AHQ ) is two miles northeast of Wahoo , in Saunders County , Nebraska .
Gotham House is a Grade II * listed merchant 's townhouse on Phoenix Lane in Tiverton , Devon , just to the northeast of the Tiverton Museum of Mid Devon Life .
Vastan ( Persian : واستان‎ , also Romanized as Vāstān ) is a village in Tangeh Soleyman Rural District , Kolijan Rostaq District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Gamblesby is a village near Melmerby , In the civil parish of Glassonby , Cumbria , England .
Blue Man Cape ( or Blueman Cape ) is a peninsula in the Qikiqtaaluk Region , Nunavut , Canada .
Claig Castle was a stronghold of the Clan Donald or MacDonald in the south of Scotland .
The One Roxas Triangle , also known as the One Roxas Triangle Tower 1 or Roxas Triangle Tower One , is a residential condominium skyscraper located in Makati , Philippines .
The Rotes Rathaus ( Red City Hall ) is the town hall of Berlin , located in the Mitte district on Rathausstraße near Alexanderplatz .
Fort Shantok , in Montville , Connecticut , was the site of the principal Mohegan settlement between 1636 to 1682 and the sacred ground of Uncas , one of the most prominent and influential Mohegan leaders and statesmen of his era .
Strykowice Podleśne ( strɨkɔˈvit͡sɛ pɔdˈlɛɕnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń , within Zwoleń County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Khoruk ( Persian : خروك‎ , also Romanized as Khorūḵ ) is a village in Shonbeh Rural District , Shonbeh and Tasuj District , Dashti County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Divandar ( Persian : ديواندر‎ , also Romanized as Dīvāndar ; also known as Dīvāneh Dar ) is a village in Tabas Rural District , in the Central District of Khoshab County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Spratt 's Complex in Poplar ( London Borough of Tower Hamlets ) is an old pet food factory which was converted c.1985 into approximately 150 live / work units and was among the first warehouse conversions in London .
The Grand Bénare is a volcanic peak on the island of Réunion , located in the Western part of the island , overlooking the `` Cirque de Mafate '' and `` Cirque de Cilaos '' .
The Hurley River is a major tributary of the Bridge River of west - central British Columbia that was earlier known as the South Fork of that larger river .
Palmerston Boulevard is a residential street located in the city of Toronto , Ontario , Canada , two blocks west of Bathurst Street , between Koreatown and Little Italy .
Snailbeach is a village in Shropshire , England , located near Shrewsbury at grid reference SJ375025 .
The Deerwood Auditorium is a community center in Deerwood , Minnesota , United States , built as a Works Progress Administration project .
Grassmoor is a village in Derbyshire , England , approximately three miles to the south of Chesterfield .
Archer Avenue , sometimes known as Archer Road outside the Chicago , Illinois city limits , is a diagonal thoroughfare running northeast - to - southwest between Chicago 's Chinatown and Lockport , Illinois .
The Dale Cemetery located in Ossining , New York is a town - owned cemetery encompassing 47 acres ( 19 ha ) and has been operational since October 1851 .
Sang - e Sayyad ( Persian : سنگ صياد‎ , also Romanized as Sang - e Şayyād ) is a village in Qaleh Asgar Rural District , Lalehzar District , Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Tucker Wildlife Sanctuary is a non - profit nature reserve on the Santa Ana Mountains in Orange County , California in the United States .
China Basin Landing is an office complex in the Mission Bay area of San Francisco , California .
Tenbridge is a vertical - lift railroad bridge over the Tennessee River in Chattanooga , Tennessee .
Argavary ( Persian : ارگوارئ‎ , also Romanized as Ārgavāry ; also known as Sarāb Khomān Arkvāzy ( Persian : سراب خمان اركوازئ ) and Sarāb Khomān ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Eslamabad - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Kuraim District ( Persian : بخش کوراییم‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Nir County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Gateforth is a small village and civil parish located in North Yorkshire , England .
Lock and Dam No . 5 is a lock and dam located between Buffalo County , Wisconsin and Winona County , Minnesota on the Upper Mississippi River around river mile 738.1 .
Sloupnice is a large village in the Svitavy District ( until January 1 , 2007 , in the Ústí nad Orlicí District ) of the Pardubice Region in the northeast of Bohemia , Czech Republic .
Bernardswiller ( German : Bernhardsweiler ) is a commune in the Bas - Rhin department in Alsace in northeastern France .
Felt Cobblestone General Store is a historic general store located at the hamlet of East Victor in Victor in Ontario County , New York .
The Langdon House is a historic house on the eastern side of Cincinnati , Ohio , United States .
The Volkswagen Arena ( German pronunciation : ( ˈfɔlksvaːɡən ʔaˈʁeːna ) ) is a football stadium in the German city of Wolfsburg , Lower Saxony .
Siersleben is a part of the town Gerbstedt and a village in the Mansfeld - Südharz district , Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
Pariapuram is a dhesam ( village sub - division ) situated near Angadipuram village of the Malappuram District of Kerala in the country of India .
Heritage Pointe is a hamlet located in Alberta , Canada within the Municipal District of Foothills No . 31 .
Mehrabad - e Shor Shor ( Persian : مهرابادشرشر‎ , also Romanized as Mehrābād - e Shor Shor ; also known as Mehrābād and Mehrābādā ) is a village in Kenevist Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Dolbeau - Mistassini is in the Maria - Chapdelaine Regional County Municipality and is the commercial hub of Lac - St - Jean with big stores and shopping centres .
Hajji Seyflu ( Persian : حاج سيفلو‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjī Seyflū ) is a village in Arshaq - e Shomali Rural District , Arshaq District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Pir - e Chaleh ( Persian : پيرچاله‎ , also Romanized as Pīr - e Chāleh ) is a village in Darz and Sayeban Rural District , in the Central District of Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
San Francisquito Pass is a mountain pass in the Sierra Pelona Mountains , located northeast of Green Valley and Santa Clarita , in northern Los Angeles County , California .
The North American Plate is a tectonic plate covering most of North America , Greenland , Cuba , the Bahamas , and parts of Iceland and the Azores .
Point Potrero is a point in San Pablo Bay forming a cape and hugging the Potrero Hills in Richmond , California .
Bay Roberts ( 2011 Population 5,818 ; UA population 10,871 ; Census Agglomeration 10,871 ) is located on the north shore of Conception Bay on the Bay de Verde Peninsula in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Małachowo - Kępe ( mawaˈxɔvɔ ˈkɛmpɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witkowo , within Gniezno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Cwmyoy ( Welsh : Cwm - iou ) is an extensive rural parish in Monmouthshire , Wales .
The Kozma Street Cemetery is the biggest Jewish cemetery of Budapest , Hungary .
Rosanów ( rɔˈsanuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgierz , within Zgierz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Mazi Kalleh ( Persian : مازي كله‎ , also Romanized as Māzī Kalleh ; also known as Muzikalah ) is a village in Ahandan Rural District , in the Central District of Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The George Houston House , also known as the `` Wall - Houston House '' , is a private historic home between Mooresville and Davidson , North Carolina in Iredell County that was built in 1818 .
Betty and Wilbur Davis State Park is a state park located in Otsego County , New York , USA .
The Zachery - Tolbert House , also known as the Mordecai Zachary House , is a restored pre - American Civil War house located at Cashiers , Jackson County , North Carolina .
Sajna Wielka ( ˈsai̯na ˈvjɛlka ) ( German Schrankheim ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Devou Park is a city park in Covington , Kentucky .
Wierszyno ( vjɛrˈʂɨnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołczygłowy , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Gennargentu ( IPA : ( dʒennarˈdʒɛntu ) ) is a large massif in central - southern Sardinia , Italy , encompassing the provinces of Nuoro and Ogliastra .
Sar Qaleh Sofla ( Persian : سرقلعه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Sar Qal``eh Soflá ) is a village in Zalaqi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Besharat District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 103 , in 18 families .
The Dyckman House , now the Dyckman Farmhouse Museum , is the oldest remaining farmhouse on Manhattan island , a reminder of New York City 's rural past .
Klasak ( ˈklasak ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęka Opatowska , within Kępno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Sharon Valley Historic District is located around the junction of Kings Hill , Sharon Valley and Sharon Station roads in Sharon , Connecticut , United States .
Holy Cross Monastery and Church is a registered historic building complex in Cincinnati , Ohio , listed in the National Register on September 13 , 1978 .
Bendigo Workshops is a railway workshop located in the provincial city of Bendigo , Victoria , Australia .
The Endicott Pear Tree , also known as the Endecott Pear , is a European Pear ( Pyrus communis ) tree located in Danvers , Essex County , Massachusetts .
Dogliola is a village and comune in the Province of Chieti in Abruzzo , Italy , 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) from Vasto , at an elevation of 445 metres ( 1,460 ft ) above sea level , overlooking the river Trigno valley .
Chali Bolagh ( Persian : چالي بلاغ‎ , also Romanized as Chālī Bolāgh ) is a village in Seylatan Rural District , in the Central District of Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Nikanassin Range s a group of mountain ranges in the Canadian Rockies on the eastern edge of Jasper National Park in Alberta , Canada .
Powell Lake is a lake in the northern Sunshine Coast region of British Columbia , Canada , adjacent to the city of Powell River , which sits on the low rise of land forming a natural dam between the lake and the Strait of Georgia .
The West Essex Regional School District is a regional public school district serving students in seventh through twelfth grade from Essex Fells , Fairfield , North Caldwell and Roseland , four municipalities in western Essex County , New Jersey , United States .
Scarcewater is a hamlet west - northwest of St Stephen in Brannel in mid Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Albertowsko ( albɛrˈtɔfskɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk Wielkopolski , within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Horton Grand Hotel is a restoration of two historic hotels , the Grand Horton and the Brooklyn Kahle Saddlery , in downtown San Diego , California .
Friedrichsfelde is a German locality ( Ortsteil ) within the borough ( Bezirk ) of Lichtenberg , Berlin .
Ostromecko ( ɔstrɔˈmɛt͡skɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Chełmińska , within Bydgoszcz County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Dr. Phillips Center for the Performing Arts is a performing arts center in Downtown Orlando , Florida , United States .
Qostin Rud ( Persian : قسطين رود‎ , also Romanized as Qosţīn Rūd ) is a village in Rudbar - e Mohammad - e Zamani Rural District , Alamut - e Gharbi District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
The Judge Isaac C. Parker Federal Building , also known as the Fort Smith U.S. Post Office and Courthouse , in Fort Smith , Arkansas , was built in 1937 in Classical Revival style .
Hemmatabad - e Chah - e Malek ( Persian : همت ابادچاه ملك‎ , also Romanized as Hemmatābād - e Chāh Malek ; also known as Hemmatābād - e Mashā ) is a village in Rigan Rural District , in the Central District of Rigan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Eastern Technical High School ( ETHS ) is a 1997 , 2009 , and 2010 Maryland Blue Ribbon High School , a 2010 National Blue Ribbon High School , and a 1999 USDE New American High School located in Essex , Baltimore County , Maryland .
Hagerman National Wildlife Refuge ( HNWR ) , a haven for migratory birds and other wildlife , lies in northwestern Grayson County , Texas , on the Big Mineral Arm of Lake Texoma , on the Red River between Oklahoma and Texas .
Wądołki - Borowe ( vɔnˈdɔu̯ki bɔˈrɔvɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The House at 15 Wave Avenue in Wakefield , Massachusetts is a well - preserved Italianate style house .
Bojnord County ( Persian : شهرستان بجنورد‎‎ ) is a county in North Khorasan Province in Iran .
Tejuçuoca is a municipal of the state of Ceará ( CE ) , located in the northeast of Brazil .
Café Coco is a 24-hour cafe located at 210 Louise Avenue in Nashville , Tennessee .
Sierszeniska ( ɕɛrʂɛˈniska ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek , within Szczecinek County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Richardson L. Wright School was a school in the Nicetown - Tioga neighborhood in northern Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , designed by Lloyd Titus , the Chief Draftsman , from 1901 - 1905 , of the Department of Buildings of the Philadelphia School Board .
Jonbed ( Persian : جنبد‎ ; also known as Jombed , Jonbeh , and Jonīd ) is a village in Posht Par Rural District , Simakan District , Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Sarah J. Baker School is an historic school building at 33 Perrin street in Boston , Massachusetts .
The Yarriambiack Creek , an inland intermittent watercourse of the Wimmera catchment , is located in the Wimmera region of the Australian state of Victoria .
Ashby de la Zouch Castle ( /ˌæʃbɪˌdələˈzuːʃ/ ) is in the town of Ashby - de - la - Zouch , Leicestershire , England ( grid reference SK36061659 ) .
Sułów Mały ( ˈsuwuf ˈmawɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bojanowo , within Rawicz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The community of Dietzhölztal is the northernmost municipality in the Lahn - Dill - Kreis in Hesse , Germany .
Tanasee Bald , also called Tennessee Bald , is a mountain near the Blue Ridge Parkway in western North Carolina , on the Haywood / Transylvania border .
The Dagny Johnson Key Largo Hammock Botanical State Park is a Florida State Park , located in the center of Key Largo in the Florida Keys , on County Road 905 , one - quarter mile north of its intersection with the Overseas Highway ( US 1 ) .
Bodiam Castle ( /ˈboʊdiəm/ ) is a 14th - century moated castle near Robertsbridge in East Sussex , England .
The Langworthy House , also known as the Octagon House , is an historic octagon house located at 1095 W. 3rd Street in Dubuque , Iowa .
Florentynowo ( flɔrɛntɨˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Excelsior Mountains are located in western Nevada in the United States .
Ferryhill is a town in south - central County Durham , England , with a population of around 11,651 people , measured in the 2011 census as 9,940 , making it the 8th biggest town in the county .
Huntington Ravine is a glacial cirque on Mount Washington in the White Mountains of New Hampshire .
The Bieker - Wilson Village Site is an archaeological site in the far southeastern section of the U.S. state of Illinois .
The Francis Armstrong House in Salt Lake City , Utah dates from 1892 .
Tuf Kheymeh ( Persian : طوف خيمه‎ , also Romanized as Ţūf Kheymeh ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Garmsiri - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Villanova Preparatory School is an Augustinian Catholic co - ed day/ boarding school located in the small town of Ojai , California , USA .
The Apex Park and Recreation District is a park and recreation district located in the northeastern portion of Jefferson County , Colorado , United States .
Deh - e Hoseyni ( Persian : ده حسيني‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Ḩoseynī ) is a village in Ghazali Rural District , Miyan Jolgeh District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Tr'ochëk is the site of a traditional Han fishing camp at the confluence of the Klondike River and Yukon River .
The San Vitores Martyrdom Site , located 0.7 miles south of Bijia Point off Guam Highway 4 in Tamuning , Guam , has significance from 1672 .
Stinking Point is a cape in the U.S. states of Maryland and Virginia .
Arrone is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Terni in the Italian region Umbria , located about 70 km southeast of Perugia and about 10 km east of Terni in the Valnerina .
Kani Holucheh ( Persian : كاني هلوچه‎ , also Romanized as Kānī Holūcheh ; also known as Holūcheh ) is a village in Kani Sur Rural District , Namshir District , Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Hoi Ha ( Chinese : 海下 ; Jyutping : hoi2 haa6 ) is a place on the innermost shore of Hoi Ha Wan , Hong Kong .
Tarbolton ( Scots : Tarbowton ) is a village in South Ayrshire , Scotland .
Half - Moon Inn , also known as the Court Inn and Thorton 's Tavern , is a historic inn and tavern located at Newtown , Bucks County , Pennsylvania .
Bunker Hill High School is a public , coeducational high school located in Claremont , North Carolina , United States .
Sar Shangan ( Persian : سرشنگان‎ , also Romanized as Sar Shangān ) is a village in Dalfard Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Bose Lake Hemlock Hardwoods is a mature northern hardwood - hemlock stand located within Chequamegon - Nicolet National Forest in Iowa County , Wisconsin .
Warner Park is a community park on the northeast side of Madison , Wisconsin near Lake Mendota .
Whittemore 's Tavern is a historic building at 473 Auburn Street in the Auburndale village of Newton , Massachusetts .
Bagh - e Jafarabad ( Persian : باغ جعفراباد‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Ja``farābād ) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 317 , in 87 families .
Chah - e Pudeh ( Persian : چاه پوده‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Pūdeh ) is a village in Gavkan Rural District , in the Central District of Rigan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Na In ( Thai : นาอิน ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Phichai District , in Uttaradit Province , Thailand .
Fort Benjamin Harrison was a U.S. Army post located in suburban Lawrence , Indiana , northeast of Indianapolis .
Conway Yard is a major rail yard located in the boroughs of Conway and Freedom , Pennsylvania , 22 miles ( 35 km ) northwest of Pittsburgh , along the Ohio River .
Lagtang is one of the 22 barangays of Talisay City in the province of Cebu , Philippines .
Nieborowice ( ɲɛbɔrɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilchowice , within Gliwice County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The United States National Evolutionary Synthesis Center ( NESCent ) is a scientific research center located in Durham , North Carolina .
Eckerö Mail and Customs House is a historic building in Eckerö municipality at the Åland Islands , Finland .
The Knox Street Historic District is primarily located along one block of that street in the Park South neighborhood of Albany , New York , United States .
Gwynedd ( /ˈɡwɪnɨð/ ; Welsh pronunciation : ( ˈɡʊɨ̯nɛð ) ) is an area in north - west Wales , named after the old Kingdom of Gwynedd .
Sambro Island Lighthouse is a landfall lighthouse located at the entrance to Halifax Harbour , Nova Scotia , on an island near the community of Sambro in the Halifax Regional Municipality .
Volcano Mountain is an active cinder cone in central Yukon Territory , Canada , located a short distance north of Fort Selkirk , near the confluence of the Pelly and Yukon Rivers .
Krzepocin Pierwszy ( kʂɛˈpɔt͡ɕin ˈpjɛrfʂɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyca , within Łęczyca County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Théâtre des Funambules ( ' The Theatre of the Tightrope - Walkers ' ) was a former theater located on the boulevard du Temple in Paris , sometimes called the Boulevard du Crime .
Shahivand Ali Morad ( Persian : شاهيوند علي مراد‎‎ , also Romanized as Shāhīvand ʿAlī Morād ; also known as Shāhīvand ) is a village in Zirtang Rural District , Kunani District , Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Hornepayne is a township of 1050 people ( Canada 2011 Census ) located in the Algoma District of Ontario , Canada .
The John H. Addams Homestead , also known as the Jane Addams Birthplace , is located in the Stephenson County village of Cedarville , Illinois , United States .
Interstate 49 ( I-49 ) is an Interstate Highway in the U.S. state of Missouri that was designated on December 12 , 2012 .
Darżlubie ( darˈʐlubjɛ ) ( Kashubian Darżlëbié ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck , within Puck County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Fowlmere is one of the southernmost villages in Cambridgeshire , England .
The Jamestown Ferry ( also known as the Jamestown - Scotland Ferry ) is a free automobile and bus ferry service across a navigable portion of the James River in Virginia .
Besant Nagar is one of Chennai 's neighborhoods , named after the noted lady theosophist Annie Besant .
Słopanowo ( swɔpaˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrzycko , within Szamotuły County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Khash County ( Persian : شهرستان خاش‎ ) is a county in Sistan and Baluchestan Province in Iran .
Zangin ( Persian : زنگين‎ , also Romanized as Zangīn ) is a village in Qanibeyglu Rural District , Zanjanrud District , Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
The Hudson River Museum , located in Trevor Park in Yonkers , New York , is the largest museum in Westchester County .
Zideh - ye Pain ( Persian : زيده پايين‎ , also Romanized as Zīdeh - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Sardar - e Jangal Rural District , Sardar - e Jangal District , Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Puthucurichy ( spelled also Puthencurichy / Puthukurichy ) is a town on the coast of Kerala , India .
Wings Over Miami is a flying aviation museum of historically significant aircraft , located at the Kendall - Tamiami Executive Airport in Miami - Dade County , Florida , United States , 13 miles ( 21 km ) southwest of the central business district of Miami .
James L. Breese House , also known as `` The Orchard '' , is a historic home located at Southampton in Suffolk County , New York .
Bineh Kordeh ( Persian : بينه كرده‎ , also Romanized as Bīneh Kordeh ) is a village in Malfejan Rural District , in the Central District of Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Kalateh - ye Siah Dasht ( Persian : كلاته سياهدشت‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Sīāh Dasht ; also known as Sīāh Dasht and Stah Dasht ) is a village in Shah Jahan Rural District , in the Central District of Faruj County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Nagytétény Castle or Száraz - Rudnyánszky Castle is today the furniture museum of the Museum of Applied Arts in Budapest established in 1949 .
Angels Landing , known earlier as the Temple of Aeolus , is a 1,488-foot ( 454 m ) tall rock formation in Zion National Park in southern Utah .
The National Museum of Bosnia and Herzegovina ( Bosnian , Croatian and Serbian : Zemaljski Muzej Bosne i Hercegovine / Земаљски музеј Босне и Херцеговине ) is located in central Sarajevo , the capital of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Cheshmeh Jowhar ( Persian : چشمه جوهر‎ ) is a village in Bala Jam Rural District , Nasrabad District , Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Tilton School is an independent , coeducational , college preparatory school in Tilton , New Hampshire , in the United States , serving students from 9th to 12th grade and postgraduates .
Blinno ( ˈblinnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczutowo , within Sierpc County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Giske is an island municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Owli Beyk ( Persian : اولي بيك‎ , also Romanized as Owlī Beyk ; also known as Olībeyg and Owlī Beyg ) is a village in Shivanat Rural District , Afshar District , Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Kurowo Braniewskie ( kuˈrɔvɔ braˈɲɛfskʲɛ ) ( German : Kurau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młynary , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Thomas Nichols Three Deckers are three historic triple - decker houses located at 68 , 80 and 88 West Brittania Street in Taunton , Massachusetts .
Gowd - e Mohammad Khan ( Persian : گودمحمدخان‎ , also Romanized as Gowd - e Moḩammad Khān ; also known as Gowd ) is a village in Qaleh Zari Rural District , Jolgeh - e Mazhan District , Khusf County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Bestra Suka ( ˈbɛstra ˈsuka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kiszewa , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Jerzykowice Małe ( jɛʐɨkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ ) ( German : Kleingeorgsdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Kłodzki , within Kłodzko County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Bloomfield Falls ( Aboriginal : Wajul Wajul ) is a cascade waterfall on the Bloomfield River near Cape Tribulation , close to Wujal Wujal , that is located in the UNESCO World Heritage -- listed Daintree National Park in Queensland , Australia .
Fergus ( Juergensen Field ) Airport , ( TC LID : CPG7 ) , is located 4 nautical miles ( 7.4 km ; 4.6 mi ) northwest of Fergus , Ontario , Canada .
Grabnowola ( ɡrabnɔˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowaczów , within Kozienice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Huangcai Town ( simplified Chinese : 黄材镇 ; traditional Chinese : 黃材鎮 ; pinyin : Huángcaí Zhèn ) is an urban town in Ningxiang County , Changsha City , Hunan Province , China .
Tenley Circle is a traffic circle in the Northwest Washington , D.C. neighborhood of Tenleytown .
Gąsiorówko ( ɡɔ̃ɕɔˈrufkɔ ) ( German : Kleinkiöwen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczki , within Olecko County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Koshkosh ( Persian : كشكش‎ ; also known as Gūsh Gūsh , Khushkushan , Kos̄kosh , and Kūsh Kūsh ) is a village in Khorgam Rural District , Khorgam District , Rudbar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Thalainayar ( also referred to as Talanayar ) is a panchayat town in Nagapattinam district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
The James MacDonald Bridge is a bridge that spans the North Saskatchewan River in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada .
Cambridge Medical Center is a regional health care facility providing comprehensive health care services to more than 30,000 residents in Isanti County , Minnesota , United States .
Skitławki ( skiˈtwafki ) ( German Skittlauken ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zalewo , within Iława County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The James J. Hill House in Saint Paul , Minnesota , United States , was built by railroad magnate James J. Hill .
Dunes Village Resort is a resort in Myrtle Beach , South Carolina .
The Tropicana Gold Mine project is located 330 km northeast of Kalgoorlie , Western Australia .
Chah Bid - e Kuchak ( Persian : چاه بيدكوچك‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Bīd - e Kūchak ) is a village in Golashkerd Rural District , in the Central District of Faryab County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Chah - e Mutur Zahurian ( Persian : چاه موتورظهوريان‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Mūtūr Zahūrīān ) is a village in Mahvelat - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahvelat County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Criterion Wind Project is a wind farm located on Backbone Mountain east of Oakland , Maryland , United States .
The Hornsby Water Clock , titled Man , Time and the Environment is a piece of kinetic sculpture , a decorative fountain and a functional clock in the Florence Street pedestrian mall in Hornsby , New South Wales , Australia .
The ARChive of Contemporary Music ( ARC ) is a non - profit music library and archive based in New York City .
Harris Ranch Airport ( FAA LID : 3O8 ) is an airstrip near Coalinga , California , next to Interstate 5 .
The Brandberge is a protected natural area in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany , in the northwest of Halle .
Vierlingsbeek is a village in the municipality of Boxmeer in North Brabant province of the Netherlands .
Śmieciuchówka ( ɕmjɛt͡ɕuˈxufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przerośl , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Cook Carillon Tower is a 10-story - tall carillon - clock tower located in the center of the Grand Valley State University - Allendale campus in Allendale , Michigan .
Seyyedlar - e Sofla ( Persian : سيدلرسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Seyyedlar - e Soflá ; also known as Seyyedlar - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Seyyedan Rural District , Abish Ahmad District , Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Usher Hall is a concert hall , situated on Lothian Road , in the west end of Edinburgh , Scotland .
Gowdah Kahriz ( Persian : گوده كهريز‎ , also Romanized as Gowdah Kahrīz and Gūdah Kahrīz ) is a village in Angut - e Gharbi Rural District , Anguti District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Racu ( Hungarian : Csíkrákos , Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈtʃiːkraːkoʃ ) , meaning `` Place with the Crabs of Csík '' ) is a commune in Harghita County , Romania .
The Pleasant - High Historic District encompasses the earliest area of non - agricultural residential development in Methuen , Massachusetts .
Presberg was first mentioned in 1391 as Brensbur and , since 1977 , is part of the town of Rüdesheim am Rhein .
Chah Barz ( Persian : چاه برز‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Barz ) is a village in Golestan Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Oasis Academy Coulsdon , formerly known as Coulsdon High School , is a school in the London Borough of Croydon , England .
Ghakka Mitter is a village situated two kilometers east of Wazirabad in Gujranwala District , Punjab , Pakistan .
The former Fork Creek Wildlife Management Area was located on 7,000 acres ( 2,800 ha ) in Boone County near Nellis , West Virginia .
St Andrew Hubbard was a parish church in the Billingsgate ward of the City of London .
Monagas State ( Spanish : Estado Monagas , IPA : ( esˈtaðo moˈnaɣas ) ) is one of the 23 states of Venezuela .
Afrikaanderplein was a football ground in Rotterdam , the Netherlands .
North Pointe Preparatory is a public charter school located in Phoenix , Arizona that serves students in grades 7 through 12 .
Interstate 269 ( I-269 ) is a partially built outer beltway around the city of Memphis , Tennessee , and its adjacent suburban areas in northern Mississippi .
The Schafberg Railway ( German : Schafbergbahn ) is a metre gauge cog railway in Upper Austria and Salzburg leading from Sankt Wolfgang i m Salzkammergut up to the Schafberg ( 1,783 m ) .
Abenberg ( ) is a town in the Middle Franconian district of Roth , in Bavaria , Germany .
San Basilio , Santu ' Asili ' e Monti in sardinian language , is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Cagliari in the Italian region Sardinia , about 35 km ( 22 mi ) north of Cagliari .
Kalateh - ye Som ( Persian : كلاته ثم‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye S̄om and Kalāteh - ye Sam ) is a village in Bala Rokh Rural District , Jolgeh Rokh District , Torbat - e Heydarieh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Chahar Qollat ( Persian : چهارقلات‎ , also Romanized as Chahār Qollāt ) is a village in Aliabad - e Malek Rural District , in the Central District of Arsanjan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Piddlehinton is a village and civil parish in west Dorset , England , situated in the Piddle valley 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) north of Dorchester .
Ahlgren Vineyard is a vineyard and winery located in the Santa Cruz Mountains AVA , in Boulder Creek , California , United States .
Maruny ( maˈrunɨ ) ( German : Groß Maraunen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
WWPH ( 107.9 FM ) is a student - run non - commercial high - school radio station licensed to the community of Princeton Junction , New Jersey and serving Mercer County .
Nuqat al Khams ( Arabic : النقاط الخمس‎ Nuqāṭ al Ḫams ) is one of the districts of Libya .
Williamsport Regional Airport ( IATA : IPT , ICAO : KIPT , FAA LID : IPT ) is a public towered airport five miles east of Williamsport , in Lycoming County , Pennsylvania .
The Wallowa Mountains are a mountain range located in the Columbia Plateau of northeastern Oregon in the United States .
Łaźnie ( ˈwaʑɲe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Supraśl , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Dard - e Richeh ( Persian : دردريچه‎ , also Romanized as Dard - e Rīcheh ; also known as Dardarbcheh ) is a village in Marz Rural District , Chah Dadkhoda District , Qaleh Ganj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Hickman Row is a set of historic rowhouses and national historic district located at Claymont , New Castle County , Delaware .
Tahaneh - ye Vosta ( Persian : طهنه وسطي‎ , also Romanized as Ţahaneh - ye Vosţá and Ţahāneh - ye Vosţá ) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Matka - ye Rudbar ( Persian : متكارودبار‎ , also Romanized as Matkā - ye Rūdbār ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , Kelardasht District , Chalus County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Qingfeng County is under the administrative control of Puyang , Henan .
WJMX - FM , also known as `` 103X '' , is a Top 40 station located in the Florence , South Carolina , radio market .
The Andalusia City School District or Andalusia City Schools is the school district of Andalusia , Alabama .
Garchidan ( Persian : گارچيدان‎ , also Romanized as Gārchīdān ; also known as Gārchīdān Bālā and Gārchīdān - e Bālā ) is a village in Hoseynabad - e Goruh Rural District , Rayen District , Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Aratika is an atoll in the Tuamotu group in French Polynesia .
The Vrouwekerk ( `` Lady 's Church '' ) or Vrouwenkerk ( `` Ladies ' Church '' ) , originally known as the Onze - Lieve - Vrouwekerk ( `` Church of Our Lady '' ) , was a 14th - Century church in the Dutch city of Leiden .
Santa María la Blanca ( literally Saint Mary the White , originally known as the Ibn Shushan Synagogue , or commonly `` The Congregational Synagogue of Toledo ' '' ) is a museum and former synagogue in Toledo , Spain .
Sumiak ( ˈsumjak ) ( German : Kleefeld ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogródek Pomorski , within Myślibórz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Folwarczysko ( fɔlvarˈt͡ʂɨskɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Friary Park is a 9 hectare formal Edwardian park in Friern Barnet in the London Borough of Barnet .
Gillette Stadium is a stadium located in Foxborough , Massachusetts , 24 miles ( 39 km ) southwest of downtown Boston and 20 miles ( 32 km ) from downtown Providence , Rhode Island .
Camp Henderson was a military outpost in the District of Oregon in 1864 , built on Crooked Creek about five miles from where it joins the Owyhee River , 330 miles from Walla Walla .
The Dunlap coke ovens are the remnants of a coke production facility near Dunlap , in the U.S. state of Tennessee .
Kacprówek ( kat͡sˈpruvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaskarzew , within Garwolin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Llocnou de Sant Jeroni ( Valencian pronunciation : ( ʎɔɡˈnɔw ðe ˈsaɲ dʒeˈɾɔni ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of Safor in the Valencian Community , Spain .
Dol - de - Bretagne ( Breton : Dol , Gallo : Dóu ) , cited in most historical records under its Breton name of Dol , is a commune in the Ille - et - Vilaine département in Brittany in northwestern France .
The Epprechtstein is a mountain in the northern Fichtel Mountains in northeast Bavaria , 798 m above sea level ( NN ) .
Dudley Square is the primary commercial center of the Roxbury neighborhood of Boston , Massachusetts , located at the intersection of Dudley Street and Washington Street .
Miller 's Tavern , now known as Brooke County Historical Museum , is a historic inn and tavern located at Wellsburg , Brooke County , West Virginia .
Guigal , formally Établissements Guigal , is a winery and négociant business situated in Ampuis in the northern part of the Rhône region in France .
Laurel Hill Cemetery is a cemetery in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , that was the second major garden or rural cemetery in the United States .
Sedilo ( Sardinian : Sèdilo ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 110 kilometres ( 68 mi ) north of Cagliari and about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) northeast of Oristano .
Castle Combe is a village and civil parish in Wiltshire , England , about 5 miles ( 8 km ) northwest of the town of Chippenham .
Ateli is a town and a municipal committee located in Mahendragarh district in the north Indian state of Haryana . Santosh Yadav of BJP is the MLA of Ateli .
Mount Sugarloaf State Reservation is a state - owned , public recreation area managed by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation located in South Deerfield , just west of the Connecticut River .
The Rural Municipality of St. Laurent is located in the Interlake Region of Manitoba and has Lake Manitoba as its western boundary and is serviced by Manitoba Highway 6 .
Ochmanów ( ɔxˈmanuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niepołomice , within Wieliczka County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Taos Plateau volcanic field is an area of extensive volcanism in Taos County , New Mexico , United States .
Żychce ( ˈʐɨxt͡sɛ ) ( Kashubian : Żëchce ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konarzyny , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Murkowo ( murˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Chopta is a small region of meadows and evergreen forest area which is a part of kedarnath wildlife sanctuary located in Uttarakhand state , India and a base for trekking to Tungnath , third temple of Panch Kedar , which lies 3.5 kilometres ( 2.2 mi ) away .
Ciissinraq River is a stream in the Yukon Delta National Wildlife Refuge , in the Bethel Census Area , Alaska , United States .
The Dauphin Island Sea Lab ( DISL ) is Alabama 's primary marine education and research center .
Falat ( Persian : فلت‎ ; also known as Qollat - e Jadīd ) is a village in Buzi Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Ridgewood Ranch is a large ranch situated 7 miles ( 11 km ) south of Willits , California in rural Mendocino County .
Massanutten Mountain is a synclinal ridge in the Ridge - and - Valley Appalachians , located in the U.S. state of Virginia .
East Choutapalem is a village in Darsi Mandal , Prakasam District of Andhra Pradesh state , India .
Wakes Colne is a village in Essex , England which sits on the River Colne .
Zayatgyi ( Burmese : ဇရပ်ကြီးကျေးရွာ ) is a village in Shwegu Township in Bhamo District in the Kachin State of north - eastern Burma .
Cadishead is a suburb within the City of Salford , in Greater Manchester , England .
Pa Ko Dam ( Thai : ป่าก่อดำ ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mae Lao District , in Chiang Rai Province , Thailand .
Safadasht ( Persian : صفادشت‎ , also Romanized as Safādasht ) is a city in the Central District of Malard County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Gargeyapuram is a village in Kurnool district , AP , India located at .
Since 1991 , the offices of the Permanent Mission of France to the United Nations have been located at One Dag Hammarskjöld Plaza , 43rd and 44th floor in Manhattan , New York , at the corner of 2nd Avenue and 47th and 48th Streets , close to the United Nations Headquarters .
Knowle St Giles is a village and civil parish in the South Somerset district of Somerset , England , situated on the River Isle 2 miles ( 3 km ) south of Ilminster and 2.5 miles ( 4 km ) north east of Chard .
The J. Mack Robinson College of Business Administration Building is a 14-story highrise at the corner of Broad and Marietta streets in the Fairlie - Poplar district of downtown Atlanta , which houses the business school of Georgia State University .
The Marmes Rockshelter ( also known as ( 45-FR-50 ) ) is an archaeological site first excavated in 1962 , near the confluence of the Snake and Palouse Rivers , in Franklin County , southeastern Washington .
Linhai ( simplified Chinese : 临海 ; traditional Chinese : 臨海 ; pinyin : Línhǎi ; Tai - chow dialect : Ling - he ) is a county - level city in Taizhou , Zhejiang Province situated on the banks of the Lin River in Eastern China .
The Guy C. Barton House was a historic home in the Midtown area of Omaha , Nebraska , United States .
Gębałka ( ɡɛmˈbau̯ka ) ( German : Gembalken ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pozezdrze , within Węgorzewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Susquehannah Turnpike is a historic 25 mile turnpike beginning at Catskill on the Hudson River and stretching through the town of Durham in Greene County , New York .
The House at 6 S. Marble Street in Stoneham , Massachusetts , is a rare early 19th century worker 's house , and the only significant survivor of the early quarrying industry in Stoneham .
The Alaska Trade Building , also known as the Union Record Building and the Steele Building , is a historic building in Seattle , Washington located on First Avenue near the Pike Place Market .
Cheorwon County ( Cheorwon - gun ( tɕʰʌlwʌn ɡun ) ) , also spelt Chorwon , is a county in Gangwon Province , South Korea .
Dar Tujan ( Persian : درتوجان‎ , also Romanized as Dar Tūjān ) is a village in Shamil Rural District , Takht District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Kalarcheh Shureh ( Persian : كلارچه شوره‎‎ , also Romanized as Kalārcheh Shūreh ; also known as Kalehchah Shūreh ) is a village in Zirtang Rural District , Kunani District , Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Hekmatabad - e Bala ( Persian : حكمت ابادبالا‎ , also Romanized as Ḩekmatābād - e Bālā ) is a village in Rayen Rural District , Rayen District , Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Quartz Mountain Resort Arts and Conference Center is a resort located 17 miles north of Altus in the Wichita Mountains of southwestern Oklahoma , two and a half hours from Oklahoma City , four hours from Dallas , near the Texas border and 9 miles ( 14 km ) west of Lone Wolf , Oklahoma on State Highway 44A.
Shirasangi is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka , India . Shirasangi is well known for the famous Shri Kalikadevi temple and Shri Tyagaveera Lingraja Desai family and the Shirsangi fort .
The Sacramento Zoo is a zoo located in William Land Park in Sacramento , California .
Bani Pariab ( Persian : باني پارياب‎ , also Romanized as Bānī Pārīāb ; also known as Bānī Pārīā ) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District , in the Central District of Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Wola Bobrowa ( ˈvɔla bɔˈbrɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojcieszków , within Łuków County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Santa Fe Place is an enclosed shopping center in Santa Fe , New Mexico .
Qermez Khalifeh - ye Olya ( Persian : قرمزخليفه عليا‎ , also Romanized as Qermez Khalīfeh - ye `` Olyā ) is a village in Zarrineh Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 539 , in 152 families .
Strąpie ( ˈstrɔmpʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barlinek , within Myślibórz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Cold Aston ( also known as Aston Blank ) is a village and civil parish in Gloucestershire , England , approximately 30 km ( 19 mi ) to the east of Gloucester .
East Fork State Park is a state park located in Clermont County , Ohio , United States , about 25 miles east of Cincinnati .
Carson College for Orphan Girls , also known as Carson Valley School , is a historic school complex and national historic district located in Flourtown , Springfield Township , Montgomery County , Pennsylvania .
Pine Hill Municipal Airport ( FAA LID : 71A ) is a town - owned public - use airport located one nautical mile ( 2 km ) south of the central business district of Pine Hill , a town in Wilcox County , Alabama , United States .
Marwica Wielka ( marˈvit͡sa ˈvjɛlka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychliki , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kosořín ( German : Kosarin ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in the Ústí nad Orlicí District , Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic .
The Walt Whitman Community School ( WWCS ) was a private alternative school in Oak Lawn , Dallas , Texas that catered to youth who identified as LGBT .
Bagud ( Persian : بگود‎ , also Romanized as Bagūd ) is a village in Fin Rural District , Fin District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Beryanchal ( Persian : بريان چال‎ , also Romanized as Beryānchāl ) is a village in Baraghan Rural District , Chendar District , Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Witomin ( viˈtɔmin ) ( German : Friedrichsberg ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mrągowo , within Mrągowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Tui Dasht ( Persian : تويي دشت‎ , also Romanized as Tū’ī Dasht ) is a village in Khara Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Lower Withington is a civil parish and village in the unitary authority of Cheshire East and the ceremonial county of Cheshire , England .
Chiklu ( Persian : چيكلو‎ , also Romanized as Chīklū ) is a village in Behdasht Rural District , Kushk - e Nar District , Parsian County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Sukhiapokhri ( Nepali : सुके पोखरी ) is a small hilly locality in the Darjeeling district of West Bengal , India .
Saint - Josse - ten - Noode ( French : ( sɛ̃ ʒos ten nɔd ) ; usually shortened to Saint - Josse ) or Sint - Joost - ten - Node ( Dutch pronunciation : ( sɪn ˈcoːst tɛn ˈnoːdə ) ) is one of the nineteen municipalities located in the Brussels - Capital Region of Belgium .
Paleh Bid - e Sofla ( Persian : پله بيدسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Paleh Bīd - e Soflá ; also known as Palebīd , Pal - e Bīd , and Paleh Bīd ) is a village in Beshiva Pataq Rural District , in the Central District of Sarpol - e Zahab County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Chuzak ( Persian : چوزك‎ , also Romanized as Chūzak ; also known as Chizuk , Chūzok , Chūzūk , Jūrak , and Jūrīk ) is a village in Sojas Rud Rural District , Sojas Rud District , Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Darsinuyeh ( Persian : دارسينوييه‎ , also Romanized as Dārsīnūyeh and Darsinoo’iyeh ; also known as Darsīnu ) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District , in the Central District of Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Paul Public Charter School is a charter school in northwest Washington , D.C ..
Wauconda Bog Nature Preserve is a tamarack bog located in Wauconda , a suburb of Chicago , located in Lake County , Illinois .
The Dudley Farm , also known as Dudley Farm Historic State Park ( Florida ) , is a U.S. historic district and museum park located in Newberry , Florida .
Dawson Community College is a community college with approximately 400 full - time students , located in Glendive , Montana .
The Via Laurentina was an ancient road of Italy , leading southwards from Rome .
Sagron Mis ( German : Sagraun ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 70 kilometres ( 43 mi ) east of Trento .
Khosravani ( Persian : خسرواني‎ , also Romanized as Khosravānī and Khosrovānī ) is a village in Malekabad Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Mae Pu Kha ( Thai : แม่ปูคา ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of San Kamphaeng District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Bagh - e Kar ( Persian : باغ كر‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Kar ) is a village in Dalfard Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Paschim Medinipur district ( Pron : pɔʃʧɪm med̪iːniːpur ) or West Midnapore district ( Pron : ˌmɪdnəˈpʊə ) ( Bengali : পশ্চিম মেদিনীপুর জেলা ) ( also known as Midnapore West ) is the districts of the state of West Bengal , India .
Mazraeh - ye Milak ( Persian : مزرعه ميلك‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Mīlaḵ ) is a village in Tankaman Rural District , Tankaman District , Nazarabad County , Alborz Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
O'Neill Park is located on the corner of Nobbs and Cooper Roads , Yagoona , New South Wales , Australia , within the Bankstown City Council .
Bouvignes - sur - Meuse ( in Walloon Bovegne ) is an old town opposite Dinant on the River Meuse , in the province of Namur in Belgium .
Mroczki Wielkie ( ˈmrɔt͡ʂki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytniki , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Armthorpe is a village and civil parish which forms the eastern edge of the Doncaster urban sprawl within the Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster , South Yorkshire , England .
WSCA - LP ( 106.1 FM ) is a low - power community radio station in Portsmouth , New Hampshire ; the mission of Portsmouth Community Radio is to operate a nonprofit , listener supported , volunteer driven , non - commercial FM community radio station dedicated to serving the greater Portsmouth community .
Mokhalefgah ( Persian : مخالفگاه‎ , also Romanized as Mokhālefgāh ) is a village in Bala Jam Rural District , Nasrabad District , Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Normanton on Trent is a village in Nottinghamshire , England .
The Arquelio Torres Ramírez Coliseum ( Spanish : Coliseo Arquelio Torres Ramírez ) is a sports arena in San Germán , Puerto Rico .
The Pitt River Bridge is a cable - stayed bridge that spans the Pitt River between Port Coquitlam and Pitt Meadows in British Columbia , Canada .
Kanevskoy District ( Russian : Каневско́й райо́н ) , known as Kanevsky District ( Каневский район ) before March 2009 , is an administrative district ( raion ) , one of the thirty - eight in Krasnodar Krai , Russia .
Kordab ( Persian : كرداب‎ , also Romanized as Kordāb ) is a village in Zarem Rud Rural District , Hezarjarib District , Neka County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Sosno ( ˈsɔsnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbiczno , within Brodnica County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Sennicotts is a small estate near Chichester , West Sussex , England , formed in 1809 by Charles Baker ( 1761 - -1839 ) having retired after serving in Madras , with the British East India Company .
Bętlewo ( bɛnˈtlɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgie , within Lipno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Cala Gonone is an Italian seaside town and a civil parish ( frazione ) of the municipality ( comune ) of Dorgali , Province of Nuoro , in the region of Sardinia .
Charlton Historic District is a 123-acre ( 50 ha ) national historic district located at the hamlet of Charlton , town of Charlton in Saratoga County , New York .
Ziyah ( Persian : زييه‎ , also Romanized as Zīyah ) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Kałowice ( kawɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawonia , within Trzebnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Pyrzany ( pɨˈʐanɨ ) ( German : Pyrehne ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witnica , within Gorzów County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Babkowice ( bapkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pępowo , within Gostyń County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Oldman Formation is a stratigraphic unit of Late Cretaceous ( Campanian stage ) age that underlies much of southern Alberta , Canada .
Caleu Caleu Department ( Spanish : Departamento Caleu Caleu ) is a department in southeastern La Pampa Province , Argentina .
Canicattini Bagni ( Sicilian : Janiattini ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Syracuse , Sicily ( Italy ) , located about 190 kilometres ( 120 mi ) southeast of Palermo and about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) southwest of Syracuse .
Idlès ( Arabic : إدلس ) is a municipality in Tazrouk District , Tamanrasset Province , Algeria .
Lageia ( Greek : Λάγεια ( ˈlaʝa ) ; Turkish : Laya ) is a small village in the Larnaca District of Cyprus , 7 km west of Lefkara .
Pooran is a village in Jalore district of Rajasthan state .
Foster Street is a hamlet in the North Weald Bassett civil parish of the Epping Forest district in the English county of Essex .
Derry Hill is a village in the English county of Wiltshire , belonging to the civil parish of Calne Without .
The Lower Shell School House is located in an isolated portion of Big Horn County , Wyoming on a bluff near Shell Creek .
Betéitiva ( Spanish pronunciation : ( beˈteitiβa ) ) a town and municipality in the Colombian Department of Boyacá , part of the Valderrama Province a subregion of Boyaca .
Fort Worth Spinks Airport ( ICAO : KFWS , FAA LID : FWS ) is a city - owned , public - use airport located 14 nautical miles ( 26 km ) south of the central business district of Fort Worth , in Tarrant County , Texas , United States .
Castlewellan ( from Irish Caisleán Uidhilín , meaning `` Uidhilín 's castle '' ) is a village in County Down , Northern Ireland .
Sir Padampat Singhania University ( SPSU ) is a private , residential university located in Udaipur , India .
The Bathurst Street Bridge is a steel Warren truss bridge in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Mergie is a settlement in Aberdeenshire approximately six miles west of Stonehaven , Scotland .
Pandhana is a city and a nagar parishad in Khandwa district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh .
Kaukaba , Kaukabet El - Arab or Kaukaba Station is a Neolithic archaeological site East of Majdel Balhis near Rashaya in the Beqaa Valley , Lebanon .
KNYE is an American radio station located in Pahrump , Nye County , Nevada .
Arbab Kandi ( Persian : ارباب كندي‎ , also Romanized as Arbāb Kandī ; also known as Arbāb , Arva , Arveh , Avra , and Evreh ) is a village in Naqdi Rural District , Meshgin - e Sharqi District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Gralhas is a parish and village in Montalegre Municipality , northern Portugal .
The Curtain Fig Tree is one of the largest trees in Tropical North Queensland , Australia , and one of the best known attractions on the Atherton Tableland .
Frassilongo ( Mocheno : Garait ; German : Gereut ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 14 kilometres ( 9 mi ) east of Trento .
KOLU ( 90.1 FM ) is a radio station broadcasting a Christian radio format . Licensed to Pasco , Washington , USA .
North District Sports Ground ( traditional Chinese : 北區運動場 ) is a multi - purpose sports ground located at 26 Tin Ping Road , Sheung Shui , New Territories , Hong Kong .
The Mount Tom Price mine is an iron ore mine located in the Pilbara region of Western Australia , near the town of Tom Price .
Monasterzysko Wielkie ( mɔnastɛˈʐɨskɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) ( German : Groß Münsterberg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Dzierzgoń , within Sztum County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Diala Banlieue ( also Dyalla ) is a village and principal settlement ( chef - lieu ) of the commune of Liberté Dembaya in the Cercle of Kayes in the Kayes Region of south - western Mali .
Radówek ( raˈduvɛk ) ( German : Klein Rade ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górzyca , within Słubice County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland , close to the German border .
The Lake Merritt Plaza is a high - rise located in downtown Oakland , California .
Little Lake Butte des Morts is a lake in the US state of Wisconsin , eight miles north of Lake Butte Des Morts .
Croydon Public School is a public , co - educational , primary school , located in Croydon , an inner - western suburb of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
The Baltimore City Circuit Courthouses are state judicial facilities located in downtown Baltimore , Maryland .
Wólka Nadrybska ( ˈvulka naˈdrɨpska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cyców , within Łęczna County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Svestad is situated at the Oslofjorden side of the peninsula and municipality of Nesodden just south of Oslo .
The Bigelow Block is a historic commercial and residential building at the corner of Forest and Salem Streets in Medford , Massachusetts .
Little Blue Peak is highest point on Little Blue Ridge in the Northern Coast Ranges of California .
Hanner Fieldhouse is a 4,325-seat multi - purpose arena in Statesboro in the U.S. state of Georgia .
Lamorna ( Cornish : Nansmornow ) is a village , valley and cove in west Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Romrod is a small town in the Vogelsbergkreis in central Hesse , Germany .
Nowruz Kar ( Persian : نوروزكار‎‎ , also Romanized as Nowrūz Kār ) is a village in Gabrik Rural District , in the Central District of Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Sarenjelak ( Persian : سرنجلك‎ , also Romanized as Serenjelak ; also known as Sar Anjīlak ) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District , Doshman Ziari District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
The McNeel Mill is located just south of the intersection of route 219 and route 39 and route 55 in Mill Point , Pocahontas County , West Virginia ( 2 miles north of Hillsboro , West Virginia ) .
Maintal is the second largest town of the Main - Kinzig district , in Hesse , Germany .
Tanjil Bren is a town in Victoria , Australia , on Mount Baw Baw Tourist Road , 12 kilometres ( 7 mi ) west of Mount Baw Baw in the Shire of Baw Baw .
Guelma Province ( Arabic : ولاية قالمة‎ ) is a province ( wilaya ) in eastern Algeria .
Burlövs egnahem is a locality situated in Burlöv Municipality , Skåne County , Sweden with 554 inhabitants as of 2010 .
Odnoga - Kuźmy ( ɔdˈnɔɡa ˈkuʑmɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Loyalist Golf and Country Club is a Ted Baker - designed semi - private golf course , located in Bath , Ontario , Canada , just west of Kingston , Ontario .
Bhimgithe is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhaulagiri Zone of central Nepal .
Nižní Lhoty ( Polish : Ligota Dolna ) is small village in the Frýdek - Místek District , Moravian - Silesian Region of the Czech Republic .
The Hotel Green was in Pasadena , southern California .
Sinkarappally is a small scenic village situated between Ashtamudi Lake and Kallada River , on the outskirts of Kollam District in Kerala .
Tazehabad - e Vazir ( Persian : تازه آباد وزير‎ , also Romanized as Tāzehābād - e Vazīr ; also known as Tāzehābād ) is a village in Qaratureh Rural District , in the Central District of Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Harold D. Donohue Federal Building and United States Courthouse , formerly known as the U.S. Post Office and Courthouse , is a courthouse of the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts located in Worcester , Massachusetts .
Kodki is a village , located 11 km west of Bhuj , in Kachchh District in the state of Gujarat , India .
Gilan Tappeh ( Persian : گيلان تپه‎ , also Romanized as Gīlān Tappeh ; also known as Gīlāntappeh ) is a village in Qaravolan Rural District , Loveh District , Galikash County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Bulkowo - Kolonia ( bulˈkɔvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Eshgaft - e Jamushi ( Persian : اشگفت جاموشي‎ , also Romanized as Eshgaft - e Jāmūshī ; also known as Eshkaft - e Jāmūshī ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Edison Museum , a science and history museum about the life and inventions of Thomas Edison , is located in Beaumont , Texas at 350 Pine St. on the grounds of Edison Plaza .
Blue Bear School of Music is a non - profit organization founded in San Francisco , California in 1971 .
The House at 20 Lawrence Street in Wakefield , Massachusetts is a complex residential structure with elements of Queen Anne , Stick style , and Colonial Revival style .
Charles L. Sewall Center , commonly referred to as the Sewall Center , is a 3,056-seat multi - purpose arena in the Pittsburgh suburb of Moon Township , Pennsylvania .
Grimsby Minster is a minster and parish church located in Grimsby , North East Lincolnshire , England .
The Franklin Lock and Dam , also known as the W.P. Franklin Lock and Dam , is a navigable lock and dam in Olga , Florida , United States .
The Burlington Road neighborhood of Omaha , Nebraska is bordered by South 42nd Street on the west , L Street on the south , Interstate 80 on the north and Dahlman Avenue on the east .
The Jones Tract is an island containing Lower Jones Tract and the Upper Jones Tract in the Sacramento - San Joaquin River Delta in San Joaquin County , California , fifteen kilometres west of Stockton .
Nętne ( ˈnɛntnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec , within Białobrzegi County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Cotter water tower is a historic elevated steel water tower located in Cotter , Arkansas .
Qandilak ( Persian : قنديلك‎ , also Romanized as Qandīlak ; also known as Gandīlak and Qandīnak ) is a village in Kaftarak Rural District , in the Central District of Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Blue Ridge Wilderness Area , a unit of New York 's Forest Preserve in the Adirondack Park , is located in the towns of Arietta , Lake Pleasant and Indian Lake in Hamilton County .
Leivatho ( Λειβαθώ ) is a former municipality on the island of Kefalonia , Ionian Islands , Greece .
King Edward Memorial Park is a public open space in Shadwell , within the London Borough of Tower Hamlets , on the northern bank of the River Thames .
Aghmiyun Rural District ( Persian : دهستان آغميون‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Galleh Kola ( Persian : گله كلا‎ , also Romanized as Galleh Kolā ) is a village in Feyziyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Mazrabad ( Persian : مزراباد‎ , also Romanized as Mazrābād and Marzābād ) is a village in Baqeran Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Black Pine Mountains are a mountain range in the U.S. states of Idaho ( ~65 % ) and Utah ( ~35 % ) , spanning Cassia County , Idaho and reaching into Box Elder County , Utah .
Baltimore ( /ˈbɔːltᵻˌmɔːr/ , locally : ( ˈbɔɫ.mɔɻ ) ) is the largest city in the U.S. state of Maryland , and the 26th - most populous city in the country .
Gauldry , locally always The Gauldry , is a village in Fife , Scotland .
Rgielsko ( ˈrɡʲɛlskɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec , within Wągrowiec County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Milewo - Szwejki ( miˈlɛvɔ ˈʂfɛi̯ki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Band - e Qir ( Persian : بندقير‎ , also Romanized as Band - e Qīr , Band - i - Qīr , and Band Qīr ; also known as Bid Ghir ) is a village in Miyan Ab Rural District , in the Central District of Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Requínoa ( Spanish pronunciation : ( reˈkinoa ) ) is a Chilean commune and city in Cachapoal Province , O'Higgins Region .
Carnie Smith Stadium ( formerly Brandenburg Stadium ) is the football stadium for Pittsburg State University in Pittsburg , Kansas .
Monticiano is a town and comune on the right bank of the Val di Merse , Tuscany , Italy , administratively part of the Province of Siena .
Willow Airport ( IATA : WOW , ICAO : PAUO , FAA LID : UUO ) is a state - owned , public - use airport located one nautical mile ( 1.85 km ) northwest of the central business district of Willow , in the Matanuska - Susitna Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska .
Kalama Middle / High School is a public high / middle school located in Kalama , Washington .
Kaht - e Now ( Persian : كهت نو‎ ; also known as Kahteh Now and Kahteh - ye Now ) is a village in Jowzam Rural District , Dehaj District , Shahr - e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Nobles Emigrant Trail , also known as the Fort Kearney , South Pass and Honey Lake Wagon Road , is a trail in California that was used by emigrant parties from the east as a shortened route to northern California .
Hose Station No . 6 is located in a residential neighborhood in the West End of Davenport , Iowa , United States .
Orange City Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KORC , FAA LID : ORC ) is a city - owned public - use airport located one nautical mile ( 1.85 km ) south of the central business district of Orange City , a city in Sioux County , Iowa , United States .
Suzzallo Library is the central library of the University of Washington in Seattle , and perhaps the most recognizable building on campus .
Danville State Hospital in Danville , Pennsylvania is a mental health facility operated by the Pennsylvania Department of Public Welfare .
The Jersey City Armory is located at 678 Montgomery Street near McGinley Square in Jersey City , New Jersey , USA .
Leonia High School is a four - year comprehensive public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grade from the Borough of Leonia in Bergen County , New Jersey , United States , operating as part of the Leonia Public Schools .
The Hudson County Schools of Technology is a public school district based in North Bergen that offers career and vocational education for public high school students in ninth through twelfth grades and for adult students throughout Hudson County , New Jersey , United States .
Shah Qaryeh ( Persian : شاه قريه‎ , also Romanized as Shāh Qaryeh ; also known as Morādān ) is a village in Khanmirza Rural District , Khanmirza District , Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Ironhead Airport ( FAA LID : T58 ) is a public airport located three miles ( 4.8 km ) southwest of the central business district ( CBD ) of Sanger , in Denton County , Texas , USA .
Banksia Gully is a watercourse in Western Australia , nominally located at 32 ° 24 ' S 116 ° 10 ' E , about 10 kilometres ( 6 mi ) south east of Jarrahdale in the Shire of Serpentine - Jarrahdale .
Bowang District ( Chinese : 博望区 ; pinyin : Bówàng Qū ) is a district of the prefecture - level city of Ma'anshan in Anhui province , China .
Tak Takeh ( Persian : تك تكه‎‎ , also Romanized as Taḵ Taḵeh ) is a village in Qalayi Rural District , Firuzabad District , Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Grand Marais / Cook County Seaplane Base ( FAA LID : 0G5 ) is a county - owned , public - use seaplane base located six nautical miles ( 11 km ) northwest of the central business district of Grand Marais , a city in Cook County , Minnesota , United States .
The 5th Avenue Theatre ( often referred to as 5th Avenue or the 5th ) is a landmark theater building located in Seattle , Washington .
Fort Tilden , also known as Fort Tilden Historic District , is a former United States Army installation on the coast in the New York City borough of Queens .
Wilbur Cross High School is a four - year high school in New Haven , Connecticut serving ninth through twelfth grades .
The Richard B. Russell Federal Building is a 26-storey International style building in Atlanta , Georgia , housing U.S. government agency offices and federal courts .
Wat Tham Khao Wong ( วัดถ้ำเขาวง ) is a Buddhist temple in tambon Ban Rai of the Ban Rai District of the province of Uthai Thani , Thailand , near the border with Suphan Buri Province .
Warniłęg ( varˈniwɛnk ) ( formerly German Warlang ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złocieniec , within Drawsko County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Osservatorio Astrometrico Santa Lucia Stroncone ( Santa Lucia Stroncone Astronomical Observatory ) is located in north central Italy in the town of Stroncone in Umbria , about 6 km SSE of the city of Terni .
Cedarbrae Collegiate Institute ( CCI or Cedarbrae CI , formerly Cedarbrae Secondary School ) is a Toronto District School Board semestered public high school in Toronto , Ontario , the schools serves immersion and extended French students and houses approximately 1268 students as of Fall 2014 .
Mandapadu is a village located in Guntur district of Andhra Pradesh in India .
Kingston and the Islands ( French : Kingston et les Îles ) is a federal electoral district in Ontario , Canada , that has been represented in the Canadian House of Commons since 1968 .
Hamashahr ( Persian : هماشهر‎ ) is a city in and the capital of Hamaijan District , in Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Sar Chah - e Shur ( Persian : سرچاه شور‎ , also Romanized as Sar Chāh - e Shūr , Sar Chah Shoor , Sar Chāh Shūr , and Sar - e Chāh Shūr ) is a village in Qaleh Zari Rural District , Jolgeh - e Mazhan District , Khusf County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Wielka Kępa ( ˈvjɛlka ˈkɛmpa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Chełmińska , within Bydgoszcz County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Horrocks Pass is a geographical location in the southern Flinders Ranges , in South Australia , approximately 6 kilometres west of the town of Wilmington .
Świętnik ( ˈɕfjɛntnik ) ( German : Heiligenfelde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark Warmiński , within Lidzbark County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Crowsnest Formation , also called the Crowsnest Volcanics , is a geological formation in southwestern Alberta , Canada , on the southwestern margin of the Western Canada Sedimentary Basin .
Gamble Mill , also known as Lamb Mill , Thomas Mill , Wagner Mill , and Bellefonte Flouring Mill , is a historic grist mill located at Bellefonte , Centre County , Pennsylvania .
Hesar Andaf ( Persian : حصاراندف‎ , also Romanized as Ḩeşār Āndaf , Ḩeşārandaf , and Ḩeşār - e Āndaf ; also known as Ḩeşār and Hisār ) is a village in Hesar Rural District , Khabushan District , Faruj County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Cummins Memorial Church is an historic Reformed Episcopal Church building located at 1210 West Lanvale Street in Baltimore , Maryland , United States .
Novoozerianka ( Ukrainian : Новоозерянка ) is an urban - type settlement in Olevsk Raion , Zhytomyr Oblast , Ukraine .
Buxwaha is a Tehsil and a nagar panchayat in Chhatarpur district in the state of Madhya Pradesh , India .
The Gayathri temple is located in the village of Kallepalli Rega in the Vijayanagarm district , in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India .
Provost Umphrey Stadium ( previously Cardinal Stadium ) is a 16,000-seat multi - purpose stadium in Beaumont , Texas .
Farm to Market Road 1337 ( FM 1337 ) is a 4.642 mi ( 7.471 km ) farm - to - market road in Cochran County , Texas .
The Boab Prison Tree , Derby is a large hollow Adansonia gregorii ( Boab ) tree just south of Derby , Western Australia .
Sennott Square is a major academic building on the campus of the University of Pittsburgh in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , United States .
Lampkowo ( lampˈkɔvɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dziemiany , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Clearbury Ring is a univallate Iron Age hillfort which is partly in the parish of Downton in the county of Wiltshire in South West England , approximately 5 kilometres ( 3.1 mi ) due south of Salisbury city centre .
Ostiense is a quarter in the south metropolitan area of Rome , Italy .
Stade Charles de Gaulle is a multi - use stadium in Porto - Novo , Benin named after Charles de Gaulle .
Juvvigunta is a village in Marripudi mandal in Prakasam district of Andhra Pradesh in India .
The Willibaldsburg is a spur castle , built around the year 1353 , in Eichstätt in Upper Bavaria .
Point Perpendicular Light is a lighthouse located on Point Perpendicular , a point at the southern tip of the Beecroft Peninsula , in New South Wales , Australia .
Kataleh ( Persian : كتله‎ ; also known as Kataleh - ye Shūshtehbar ) is a village in Rahmatabad Rural District , Rahmatabad and Blukat District , Rudbar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Kanjur - e Sofla ( Persian : كنجورسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Kanjūr - e Soflá ; also known as Ganjūr - e Pā’īn , Kanjūr , and Kanjūr - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Rozstrzębowo ( rɔsstʂɛmˈbɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kcynia , within Nakło County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Western University College of Veterinary Medicine ( WesternU CVM ) is a non - profit , private , veterinary medical school at Western University of Health Sciences located in Pomona , in the US state of California .
WXBA ( 88.1 FM , `` 88 X '' ) is a radio station licensed to Brentwood , New York .
Ali Qandi ( Persian : عالي قندي‎‎ , also Romanized as `` Alī Qandī ; also known as `` Alī Kandī ) is a village in Godeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bastak County , Hormozgan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 225 , in 52 families .
Western Canadian Place is an office tower complex in Calgary , Alberta .
Surmówka ( surˈmufka ) ( German : Surmau ; until 1938 : Surmowen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sorkwity , within Mrągowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Bonkuy - e Soleymani ( Persian : بنكوي سليماني‎ , also Romanized as Bonkūy - e Soleymānī ) is a village in Efzar Rural District , Efzar District , Qir and Karzin County , Fars Province , Iran .
Peacock Farm is a residential neighborhood located in Lexington , Massachusetts .
Ziar Mahalleh ( Persian : زيارمحله‎ , also Romanized as Zīār Maḩalleh ) is a village in Siyahrud Rural District , in the Central District of Juybar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Pauline Johnson Collegiate & Vocational School in Brantford , Ontario , Canada is a composite high school with collegiate and vocational departments .
Gupol ( Persian : گوپل‎ , also Romanized as Gūpol ; also known as Goofol , Gopul , Gūfel , Gūfol , Gupa , and Kopā ) is a village in Khorgam Rural District , Khorgam District , Rudbar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Wyszonki - Błonie ( vɨˈʂɔŋki ˈbwɔɲe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klukowo , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Safeway Stores Office and Warehouse Building is a historic building near downtown Kansas City , Missouri .
Alvediston is a small village and civil parish in Wiltshire , England , about 7 miles ( 11 km ) east of Shaftesbury and 11 miles ( 18 km ) southwest of Salisbury .
The Rumyantsev Museum ( Румянцевский музей ) was Moscow 's first public museum .
Van Pelt Manor was the name given to an area of Brooklyn , New York that today is part of the section of Bensonhurst .
Varun - e Tushmal ( Persian : ورون توشمال‎ , also Romanized as Varūn - e Tūshmāl ; also known as Varān - e Tūshmāl , Varān - e Tūt Shomāl , and Varān Tūshhā ) is a village in Hoseyniyeh Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Bentonville Train Station is a former train station in Bentonville , Arkansas .
Kathryn Chicone Ustler Hall ( formerly known as the Women 's Gymnasium and University Gymnasium ) is a historic building on the campus of the University of Florida in Gainesville , Florida .
Green Bay Southwest High School is one of four public high schools located in Green Bay , Wisconsin , at 1331 Packerland Drive .
Wawrzęcice ( vavʐɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązów , within Strzelin County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Graniczna Wieś ( ɡraˈnit͡ʂna ˈvjɛɕ ) ( literally meaning `` boundary village '' ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trąbki Wielkie , within Gdańsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Xiayi County ( Chinese : 夏邑县 ; Pinyin : Xiàyì Xiàn ) is a county of Shangqiu city , Henan province , People 's Republic of China , with the population of about 1.11 million .
Królikarnia ( English : The Rabbit House ) is a historic palace in Warsaw , Poland in the classical style , as well as a neighborhood in the Mokotów district of Warsaw .
Avon Old Farms School is a single - sex boarding school for boys located in Avon , Connecticut .
Atzeneta del Maestrat is a municipality in the comarca of Alcalatén , Castelló , Valencia .
The IXL Historical Museum is a historic office building , residence , and museum complex in Hermansville , Michigan , United States .
Melkhas ( Persian : ملخاص‎ , also Romanized as Melkhāş and Melkhās ) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District , Hurand District , Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Interbay Stadium ( often simply called Interbay ) is a 1,000-seat soccer - specific stadium in Interbay , a neighborhood of Seattle , Washington .
CKGR - FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts on 106.3 MHz in Golden , British Columbia .
Queens University of Charlotte is a private , co - educational , comprehensive university located in Charlotte , North Carolina , United States .
Tweedsmuir North Provincial Park and Protected Area is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , which along with Tweedsmuir South Provincial Park and Entiako Provincial Park and Protected Area were once part of Tweedsmuir Provincial Park , then B. C. 's largest park , 9,810 square kilometres ( 3,790 sq mi ) located in the Coast Range .
Wabash College is a small , private , liberal arts college for men , located in Crawfordsville , Indiana , United States .
Julietta , Indiana is a small neighborhood in Indianapolis located in eastern Marion County on the border of Hancock County .
The Shawnee Fossil Plant is a coal - fired power plant owned and operated by the Tennessee Valley Authority , located near Paducah , Kentucky .
The Harvard Museum of Natural History is a natural history museum on the grounds of Harvard University in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Doboj South ( Doboj Jug ) is a small rural municipality in the Zenica - Doboj Canton of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Królików ( kruˈlikuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodziec , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Khanlanlu ( Persian : خنلانلو‎ , also Romanized as Khanlānlū ; also known as Khalānlū ) is a village in Shahrestaneh Rural District , Now Khandan District , Dargaz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
KLPI is a non - commercial educational college radio station owned by Louisiana Tech University in Ruston , Louisiana .
Dokudów Pierwszy ( dɔˈkuduf ˈpʲɛrfʂɨ ) ( Ukrainian : Докудів Перший , Dokudiv Pershyy ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Studniska Górne ( studˈniska ˈɡurnɛ ) ( German : Ober Schönbrunn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulików , within Zgorzelec County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the Czech border .
The House at 156 Mason Terrace in Brookline , Massachusetts , is one of the most elaborately decorated houses on Corey Hill .
Ramanaickenpettai is a Village panchayat in Vaniyambadi of Vellore District of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
The Lincoln Bank Building is a building on Hennepin Avenue in downtown Minneapolis , Minnesota , United States .
Gałązki Małe ( ɡaˈwɔ̃ski ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Skalmierzyce , within Ostrów Wielkopolski County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Victoria Quarter is an upmarket shopping area in Leeds , England .
Criterion Place was a proposed skyscraper development in Leeds , West Yorkshire , England .
Rhosybol ( English : Moor in the Hollow ) is a village in Anglesey , Wales .
The Musée d'Ennery is a national museum of Asian art located in the 16th arrondissement of Paris at 59 , avenue Foch , Paris , France .
WEDJ is a Regional Mexican radio station licensed to Danville , Indiana in the United States .
Marine Corps Air Station El Toro ( ICAO : KNZJ , FAA LID : NZJ ) was a United States Marine Corps Air Station located near Irvine , California .
Westwood Motorsport Park ( or Westwood Racing Circuit ) was a 1.8 miles ( 2.90 km ) 8-turn motorsport race track located in Coquitlam , British Columbia on the southern slopes of Eagle Mountain ( known locally as Eagle Ridge ) .
Cicerone Field at Anteater Ballpark is the ballpark at the University of California , Irvine in Irvine , California , United States .
Almussafes ( Spanish : Almusafes ) is a municipality in the comarca of Ribera Baixa in the Valencian Community , Spain .
The Collège Sainte - Barbe is a former school in the 5th arrondissement of Paris , France .
Sahra Rural District ( Persian : دهستان صحرا‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Anabad District , Bardaskan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The McKnight Brain Institute ( MBI ) at the University of Florida is a research and teaching center , which conducts integrated Research in neuroscience , neurology , neurosurgery , psychiatry , cognitive science , and related areas .
The Kam Wah Chung & Co. Museum , also known as Kam Wah Chung Company Building , is a state park and a National Historic Landmark that preserves early Chinese culture in John Day in the U.S. state of Oregon .
The Whatcom Transportation Authority ( WTA ) is the public transit authority of Whatcom County in northwestern Washington , based in the city of Bellingham .
Herborn Castle ( German : Schloss Herborn ) is situated right above the city of Herborn , which is located in the Lahn - Dill district in the state of Hesse , Germany .
The Korean War Veterans Memorial is located in Washington , D.C. 's West Potomac Park , southeast of the Lincoln Memorial and just south of the Reflecting Pool on the National Mall .
Stare Siołkowice ( ˈstarɛ ɕɔu̯kɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( `` old Siołkowice '' ; German : Alt Schalkowitz ; 1936 - 1945 : Alt Schalkendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Popielów , within Opole County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Caesar Rodney High School is a public high school located in Camden - Wyoming , Delaware , just south of Dover .
The Upper Ridge Site is an archeological site on Mockhorn Island , a barrier island off the coast of the Eastern Shore of Virginia in Northampton County .
Letenye ( Croatian : Letinja , Slovene : Letina ) is a town in Zala County , Hungary , on the border with Croatia .
The Bethlehem Central School District is a public school district in New York State , serving approximately 5100 students just south of Albany in the towns of Bethlehem and New Scotland in Albany County with a staff of 800 + and a budget of $ 92 million .
WBTU is an 18,500-watt FM radio station licensed to Kendallville , Indiana located in Fort Wayne , Indiana .
Ratford is a hamlet in the county of Wiltshire , England , with a population of approximately 50 .
Ramea , Newfoundland and Labrador ( NST ) is a small village located on Northwest Island , one of a group of five major islands located off the south coast of Newfoundland , Canada .
Palazzo Marcello is a Gothic - style palace on the Grand Canal , located between the Palazzo Erizzo alla Maddalena and the Ca ' Vendramin Calergi in the sestiere of Cannaregio of Venice , Italy .
Fariabad ( Persian : فري اباد‎ , also Romanized as Farīābād ) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District , Bala Velayat District , Bakharz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The John N. Huttig Estate is a historic home in Orlando , Florida .
The Diamond Games ( sponsored in 2015 as BNP Paribas Fortis Diamond Games and formerly known as Proximus Diamond Games , GDF - Suez Diamond Games and Thomas Cook Diamond Games ) was a professional women 's tennis tournament organised in Antwerp , Belgium .
Kuruppampady is situated about five kilometers from Perumbavoor on the Aluva - Munnar road , in Kunnathunadu Taluke , Ernakulam district , Kerala , India .
North Metro Technical College ( commonly North Metro Tech , or NMTC ) was a two - year state technical college located in the state of Georgia , and governed by the Technical College System of Georgia .
Darreh Qobad ( Persian : دره قباد‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Qobād ) is a village in Susan - e Sharqi Rural District , Susan District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Potopy ( pɔˈtɔpɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutka - Tartak , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
Werneck is a market town in the district of Schweinfurt in Lower Franconia , Bavaria , Germany .
Tajabad - e Kohneh ( Persian : تاج ابادكهنه‎ , also Romanized as Tājābād - e Kohneh ; also known as Tājābād ) is a village in Azadegan Rural District , in the Central District of Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Giyan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان گيان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Giyan District , Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Monticchio is an Italian hamlet ( frazione ) belonging to the municipalities of Rionero in Vulture and Atella , in the Province of Potenza , Basilicata .
Barqulong - e Bajuli ( Persian : برقولنگ باجولي‎ , also Romanized as Barqūlong - e Bājūlī ; also known as Bardqolong and Barqolong ) is a village in Sepidar Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Khvajeh Vali ( Persian : خواجه ولي‎ , also Romanized as Khvājeh Valī ) is a village in Chenaran Rural District , in the Central District of Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Brewer Community School is a primary school in Brewer , Maine , and is the largest primary school in the state .
Ellen 's Glen House is a Community Hospital in Edinburgh , Scotland .
KLRC is a non - commercial Contemporary Christian music radio station based in Siloam Springs , Arkansas broadcasting on 90.9 FM in Northwest Arkansas and northeast Oklahoma .
Jaridih Bazar is a census town in Bermo block in Bermo subdivision of Bokaro district in the Indian state of Jharkhand .
Baszewice ( baʂɛˈvit͡sɛ ) , ( German : Batzwitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfice , within Gryfice County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Osiek Dolny ( ˈɔɕek ˈdɔlnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin - Ośrodek , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Stanlawe Grange in Aigburth , Liverpool , England is the remains of a 13th - century monastic grange .
Belmont Park railway station was located on the Armadale / Thornlie line in Perth , Western Australia .
Calgary Roman Catholic Separate School District No . 1 or the Calgary Catholic School District ( CCSD ) is the Roman Catholic separate school board in Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
Nea Madytos ( Greek : Νέα Μάδυτος ) is a village and a community of the Volvi municipality .
Wola Serocka ( ˈvɔla sɛˈrɔt͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodynie , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Millwood Colored School , now known as Millwood Community Center , is a historic school building for African - American children located at Boyce , Clarke County , Virginia .
Arivaca Lake is located in southern Arizona , 60 miles ( 97 km ) south of Tucson near Arivaca , Arizona .
Beyt - e Fazieh ( Persian : بيت فزيه‎ , also Romanized as Beyt - e Fazīeh ) is a village in Dasht - e Abbas Rural District , Musian District , Dehloran County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Demre is a town and its surrounding district in the Antalya Province on the Mediterranean coast of Turkey , named after the river Demre .
Obrażejowice ( ɔbraʐɛjɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziemice , within Proszowice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Hansen Dam is a flood control dam in the northeastern San Fernando Valley , in the Lake View Terrace neighborhood of Los Angeles , California .
Galineh - ye Kuchak ( Persian : گلينه كوچك‎ , also Romanized as Galīneh - ye Kūchak ; also known as Galīneh - ye Soflá ) is a village in Baryaji Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Chenango County Courthouse District is a national historic district that includes a historic courthouse located at Norwich in Chenango County , New York .
Drum Castle is a castle near Drumoak in Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
The area of Cumnock and Doon Valley District was merged with that of Kilmarnock and Loudoun to form East Ayrshire .
Mathabhanga I ( community development block ) is an administrative division in Mathabhanga subdivision of Cooch Behar district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
Mai Phatthana ( Thai : ใหม่พัฒนา ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Ko Kha District , in Lampang Province , Thailand . In 2005 it had a total population of 5408 people .
The M L Ranch was established by Henry Clay Lovell and his financial backer Anthony Mason in Wyoming 's Big Horn Basin in the late 1870s to the south of the present location .
Chuqik'iraw Pukyu or Chuqi K'iraw Pukyu ( Quechua chuqi metal , every kind of precious metal / gold ( < Aymara ) , k'iraw crip , cot , pukyu spring , well , hispanicized spelling Choquequirao Puquio ) is an archaeological site in Peru .
Udyavara is an ancient port town located 5 km south of Udupi in the Indian state of Karnataka .
North Tuddenham is a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk , it has a parish church , that is named St Mary 's .
Shisheh Qaleh ( Persian : شيشه قلعه‎ , also Romanized as Shīsheh Qal``eh ) is a village in Zahray - ye Bala Rural District , in the Central District of Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 156 , in 41 families .
Cape Lookout State Park is a state park on Cape Lookout in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Qaleh Ekhlas ( Persian : قلعه اخلاص‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh Ekhlāş ; also known as Ghal``eh Ekhlas ) is a village in Karchambu - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Buin va Miandasht County , Isfahan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 250 , in 53 families .
Maryville Treatment Center is a Missouri Department of Corrections minimum security prison for male inmates on the grounds of the former Mount Alverno motherhouse of the Sisters of St. Francis of Maryville in Polk Township , Nodaway County , just outside Maryville , Missouri .
Marat Shahr ( Persian : مرتع شهر‎ , also Romanized as Maratʿ Shahr ) is a village in Deraz Kola Rural District , Babol Kenar District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Kalbiabad ( Persian : كلبي اباد‎ , also Romanized as Kalbīābād ) is a village in Ab Barik Rural District , in the Central District of Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Mendocino Transit Authority ( MTA ) is a public bus system that serves Ukiah , the Mendocino Valley , and coastal regions of Mendocino County , California .
The Art Museum of the University of Memphis ( officially known as the Art Museum at the University of Memphis , or simply as AMUM ) is located at 3750 Norriswood Avenue in Memphis , Tennessee , USA .
Hualpén ( Spanish pronunciation : ( walˈpen ) ) is a Chilean city and commune belonging to Concepción Province and the Biobío Region .
Laveaga Peak is a mountain located in the Diablo Range in California .
Methacton High School ( MHS ) is a public high school located in Eagleville , Pennsylvania that serves students in grades 9 - 12 from Worcester and Lower Providence townships .
Biskovychi ( Ukrainian : Бісковичі , Polish : Biskowice ) is a village ( selo ) in Sambir Raion , Lviv Oblast , in south - west Ukraine .
Brush Creek Salems Church , now known as Irwin Brush Creek Salem United Church of Christ , is a historic Reformed church building located in Hempfield Township , Westmoreland County , Pennsylvania .
Luin ( Persian : لوئين‎ , also Romanized as Lū’īn and Lūeen ) is a village in Aq Kahriz Rural District , Nowbaran District , Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Idlib District ( Arabic : منطقة ادلب‎ , translit . manṭiqat Idlib ) is a district of the Idlib Governorate in northwestern Syria .
Guadalajara ( /ˌɡwɑːdələˈhɑːrə/ , Spanish pronunciation : ( ɡwaðalaˈxaɾa ) ) is the capital and largest city of the Mexican state of Jalisco , and the seat of the municipality of Guadalajara .
Allangrange Mains ( Scottish Gaelic : ) is a farm in Munlochy , Ross - shire , and is a few miles north of the Beauly Firth , and is within the council of Highland , Scotland .
Castagnac is a commune in the Haute - Garonne department in southwestern France
Kijowskie Nowiny ( kiˈjɔfskʲɛ nɔˈvinɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Battleship Cove is a nonprofit maritime museum and war memorial in Fall River , Massachusetts .
St. Louis , Besancon , Historic District is a historic Roman Catholic church complex and national historic district located near New Haven in Jefferson Township , Allen County , Indiana .
Pityny ( piˈtɨnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłakowo , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Cabalian Volcano is an active volcano located in the province of Southern Leyte ( Region VIII ) in the Philippines .
Surakul Stadium ( Thai : สนามกีฬาสุระกุล ; rtgs : Sanamkila Surakun ) is a multi - purpose stadium in Phuket Province , Thailand .
Fazleh ( Persian : فضله‎ , also Romanized as Faẕleh ) is a village in Mosharrahat Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
WNDT ( 92.5 FM , `` Wind FM '' ) is a commercial radio station in Alachua , Florida , broadcasting to the Gainesville - Ocala , Florida , area on 92.5 FM .
Hagwilget or Hagwilgyet is a First Nations reserve community of the Wet'suwet'en people located on the lower Bulkley River just east of Hazelton in northwestern British Columbia , Canada .
The Gehilfersberg is a hill in the Landkreis Fulda , Hesse , Germany .
The Caney Fork River is a river that flows through central Tennessee in the United States , draining a substantial portion of the southwestern Cumberland Plateau and southeastern Highland Rim regions .
The W. C. Baker House is an airplane bungalow located at 301 E. Commerce in the city of Altus , Oklahoma .
Diu is a town in Diu district in the union territory of Daman and Diu , India .
Plaistow and Ifold ( /ˈplæstoʊ.əndˈaɪfoʊld/ ) is a civil parish in the Chichester district of West Sussex , England .
Schönau an der Brend is a municipality with 1378 inhabitants in the district of Rhön - Grabfeld in northern Bavaria , Germany .
Chruściel ( ˈxruɕt͡ɕel ) ( German : Tiedmannsdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoskinia , within Braniewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
KVIL ( 103.7 FM ) is a radio station broadcasting in the Dallas / Fort Worth market in Texas .
Aabra is an uninhabied village in Rõuge Parish , Võru County , in southeastern Estonia .
Secaucus Junction ( formerly known as Secaucus Transfer during planning stages ; also known simply as Secaucus ) is a major commuter rail hub in Secaucus , New Jersey .
Mount Griffin Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located southwest of Three Valley Gap ( Eagle Pass ) .
Little Hoole is a civil parish in Lancashire , England , It contains the village of Walmer Bridge , and the remaining part is predominantly a farming community .
Pushaw Lake is a lake in Penobscot County , Maine , United States about 6.5 miles ( 10.5 km ) north of downtown Bangor and 4.5 mi ( 7.2 km ) west of downtown Orono .
Siodłowice ( ɕɔdwɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ząbkowice Śląskie , within Ząbkowice Śląskie County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
O. B. Ellis Unit ( E1 , previously Ellis I Unit ) is a Texas Department of Criminal Justice prison located in unincorporated Walker County , Texas , 12 miles ( 19 km ) north of Huntsville .
The Lamoille River is a river which runs through northern Vermont and drains into Lake Champlain .
White Cloud Peak 9 , also known as WCP 9 , at 11,263 feet ( 3,433 m ) above sea level is an unofficially named peak in the White Cloud Mountains of Idaho .
Kobyle Góry ( kɔˈbɨlɛ ˈɡurɨ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
CKRI - FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting a classic hits format at 100.7 FM in Red Deer , Alberta .
Kucice ( kuˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Śmietki Małe ( ˈɕmjɛtki ˈmawɛ ) ( German Klein Schnittken ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki , within Mrągowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Ballinora ( Irish : Baile Nóra - townland of gold ) is a small rural parish near Cork city and Ballincollig in County Cork , Ireland .
Saint Mary 's College High School came into being as part of Saint Mary 's College of California , founded in 1863 by the Catholic Church , and put under the auspices of the Institute of the Brothers of the Christian Schools in 1868 .
The St. James Building is a historic building in Downtown Jacksonville , Florida , currently housing Jacksonville City Hall .
The Panamint Range is a short rugged fault - block mountain range on the northern edge of the Mojave Desert , in Death Valley National Park , Inyo County , California , United States .
The Sneeuberge ( Afrikaans for Snow Mountains ) are located in the far western portions of the Eastern Cape province of South Africa .
St Leonards Warrior Square railway station is one of four railway stations serving Hastings in East Sussex , England .
Karrur ( Persian : كرور‎ , also Romanized as Karrūr ; also known as Karrū ) is a village in Garmsar Rural District , Jebalbarez - e Jonubi District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Piazza Piemonte ( i.e. Piedmont Square ) is a square in Milan , Italy .
WPON ( 1460 AM ) is a radio station in the Detroit market , broadcasting from a 6-tower array in Walled Lake , Michigan .
The Fred G. Redmon Bridge , also known as the Selah Creek Bridge , is a twin arch bridge in the northwest United States , in Yakima County , Washington .
Twardosławice ( tfardɔswaˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabica , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Château de Bussy - Rabutin , also known as Château de Bussy - le - Grand , is a château which developed from a 12th - century castle , located in the commune of Bussy - le - Grand , in the Côte - d'Or department , Bourgogne , eastern France .
The Pymatuning Laboratory of Ecology ( PLE ) is a year - round ecology field station of the University of Pittsburgh Department of Biological Sciences located in Linesville and South Shenango Township on the shores Pymatuning Lake in Pennsylvania .
Chiautla de Tapia is a city and municipality in La Mixteca region of Puebla in south - eastern Mexico .
KFDI - FM is a 100 kW radio station operating in Wichita , Kansas .
Cal Northern School of Law is a private law school located in Chico , California .
Kam Sartap ( Persian : كم سرتاپ‎ , also Romanized as Kam Sartāp ; also known as Kam Sārtāf ) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District , Jazmurian District , Rudbar - e Jonubi County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Joseph Reynolds House , also known as `` Willowmere '' , is a historic house at 950 Hope Street ( RI 114 ) in Bristol , Rhode Island .
The Winfield Dunn Center ( officially the Winfield Dunn Health and Physical Education Building and Convocation Complex ) is a 132,000 square - foot facility , located on the main campus of Austin Peay State University in Clarksville , Tennessee .
Bak Hu ( Persian : بك هو‎ , also Romanized as Bak Hū ) is a village in Qaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Manujan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Pennzoil Place is a set of two 36-story towers in downtown Houston , Texas , United States .
The Rushmore Memorial Library , also known as the Rushmore Memorial Building , is located at the junction of NY 32 and Weygant Hill Road in Highland Mills , New York , United States .
The North Ninth Street Historic District in Downtown Columbia , Missouri , USA , was listed as a historic district on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004 .
David Conklin House is a historic home located at Huntington in Suffolk County , New York , on the southwest corner of High Street(Suffolk CR 92 ) and New York Avenue(New York State Route 110 ) .
Ruan High Lanes is a village west of Veryan in south Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Šarkan ( Hungarian : Sárkányfalva ) is a village and municipality in the Nové Zámky District in the Nitra Region of south - west Slovakia .
Basaidu ( Persian : باسعيدو‎ , also Romanized as Bāsa``īdū , Bāsa``īdow , and Bāsīdu ) is a village in Dulab Rural District , Shahab District , Qeshm County , Hormozgan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 1,662 , in 359 families .
Johnson C. Smith University ( JCSU ) is a private , co - ed , historically black four - year research university in the heart of Charlotte , North Carolina , United States .
Volano ( German : Nussdorf ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) south of Trento .
Cents - Hamm railway station ( Luxembourgish : Gare Zens - Hamm , French : Gare de Cents - Hamm , German : Bahnhof Cents - Hamm ) is a railway station serving the quarters of Cents and Hamm in the east of Luxembourg City , in southern Luxembourg .
Point Clear is a village in the civil parish of St Osyth in the Tendring district , in the county of Essex , England .
Stajna ( Serbian : Стајна ) is a village in the municipality of Pale , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Złote Pole ( ˈzwɔtɛ ˈpɔlɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Srokowo , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Parker 13-Sided Barn is an officially registered historic barn nestled in the lovely hamlet of Jefferson in Schoharie County , New York .
Charłupia Mała ( xarˈwupja ˈmawa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Jucu ( Hungarian : Zsuk ; German : Schucken ) is a commune in Cluj County , Romania .
Hefzabad ( Persian : حفظاباد‎ , also Romanized as Ḩefz̧ābād ) is a village in Fuladlui Jonubi Rural District , Hir District , Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Mount Tambo is a mountain located to the north - east of Omeo in Victoria , Australia .
WHTF is a Top 40 ( CHR ) radio station in the Tallahassee , Florida market owned by Red Hills Broadcasting , LLC . Its studios are located in northeast Tallahassee , and its transmitter is based in Bradfordville , Florida .
Valandaran ( Persian : ولندران‎ , also Romanized as Valandarān ; also known as Valyandoran ) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District , in the Central District of Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Altass ( Scottish Gaelic : Alltais ) is a village within Lairg , Sutherland , within the Highland , Scotland and is in the council area of Highland .
Dipaleseng Local Municipality , is a South African Local Municipality situated in the Gert Sibande District Municipality , of Mpumalanga .
Nowy Orzechów ( ˈnɔvɨ ɔˈʐɛxuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sosnowica , within Parczew County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Dybówka ( dɨˈbufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozorków , within Zgierz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Palczyn ( ˈpalt͡ʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotniki Kujawskie , within Inowrocław County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Mahagama block is one of eight revenue blocks of Godda district and an assembly constituency in Jharkhand .
Edmonton West ( French : Edmonton - Ouest ) is a federal electoral district in Alberta , Canada , that was represented in the Canadian House of Commons from 1917 to 1988 , from 1997 to 2004 and again since 2015 .
Golders Green is an area in the London Borough of Barnet in England .
The Rust Belt begins in New York and traverses to the west through Pennsylvania , West Virginia , Ohio , Indiana , and the Lower Peninsula of Michigan , ending in northern Illinois and eastern Wisconsin .
Jartypory ( jartɨˈpɔrɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Molla Jamati ( Persian : ملاجماتي‎ , also Romanized as Mollā Jamātī ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Iğdır Province ( Turkish : Iğdır ili ) is a province in eastern Turkey , located along the border with Armenia , Azerbaijan ( the area of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic ) , and Iran .
The Abbey Church of Saint Foy St. in Conques , France , was a popular stop for pilgrims traveling the Way of St. James to Santiago de Compostela , in what is now Spain .
Groß - Gerau - Dornberg station is on the Frankfurt - Mannheim line and Groß Gerau station is on the Wiesbaden--
Glengarnock ( Gaelic : Gleann Gairneig ) is a small village in North Ayrshire that lies near the west coast of Scotland .
Napromek ( naˈprɔmɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubawa , within Iława County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Dewdney - Alouette Regional District was a regional district in the Lower Mainland of British Columbia , Canada , comprising the district municipalities of Pitt Meadows , Maple Ridge and Mission and unincorporated areas east to the Harrison River and north to the southern end of Lillooet Lake .
Abravan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان آبروان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Razaviyeh District , Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Farm to Market Road 2332 ( FM 2332 ) is a farm to market road that provides access to the farming areas of Clay County , Texas .
High Tech High Media Arts , often referred to as HTHMA , is a public charter high school in San Diego , California .
Midul ( Persian : ميدول‎ , also Romanized as Mīdūl , Meydol , and Midool ) is a village in Gol - e Cheydar Rural District , Sarshiv District , Marivan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Nong Yaeng ( Thai : หนองแหย่ง ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of San Sai District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Sandisfield State Forest is a Massachusetts state forest filled with rolling hardwood forests in the town of Sandisfield .
Cieszyniec ( t͡ɕeˈʂɨɲet͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godkowo , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
KXPS , `` Team 1010 , '' is an all - sports radio station based in Palm Desert , California , United States .
Gen. John J. Pershing Boyhood Home State Historic Site in Laclede , Missouri , is maintained by the Missouri Department of Natural Resources as a state historic site .
Casino Miami ( formerly known as Miami Jai - Alai Fronton ) is a 6,500-capacity indoor arena and casino located at 3500 NW 37th Avenue in Miami , Florida .
Kangaamiut Kangerluarsuat Fjord ( old spelling : Kangâmiut Kangerdluarssuat ) is a fjord in the Qeqqata municipality in western Greenland .
Gigerwaldsee is a reservoir in the municipality of Pfäfers , in the Canton of St. Gallen , Switzerland .
Mirzalu ( Persian : ميرزالو‎ , also Romanized as Mīrzālū ; also known as Mirza - Khani and Mīrzā Khānlū ) is a village in Darram Rural District , in the Central District of Tarom County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Wichrowiec ( viˈxrɔvjɛt͡s ) ( German : Wichrowitz , Wychrowitz ; 1938 - 45 : Hardichhausen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowo , within Nidzica County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Canet lo Roig ( Valencian pronunciation : ( kaˈned lo ˈrɔtʃ ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of Baix Maestrat in the Valencian Community , Spain .
Radzimów ( raˈd͡ʑimuf ) ( German : Bellmannsdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulików , within Zgorzelec County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the Czech border .
Emamzadeh Soltan Gheyb ( Persian : امامزاده سلطان غيب‎ , also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Solţān Gheyb ; also known as Emāmzādeh ) is a village in Jaydasht Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Paul Bishop 's House is actually a pair of historic townhouses located at 363 - 365 Adelaide Street East in the St. Lawrence neighborhood downtown Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
The William Lloyd Garrison House , also known as Rockledge , is a National Historic Landmark house , located at 125 Highland Street in the Roxbury Higlands section of Boston , Massachusetts .
The Eddy Homestead is a historic house at 2543 Hartford Avenue ( United States Route 6 ) in rural western Johnston , Rhode Island .
Ardwick is a district of Manchester in North West England , one mile south east of the city centre .
North Canal Township Park ( also known locally as ' The Breakers ' ) is a park across the Keweenaw Waterway from McLain State Park near Houghton , Michigan .
Mount Leura is a 313-metre scoria cone surrounding a dry crater 100 m deep and is the central and most obvious component of a larger volcanic complex southeast of the town of Camperdown located in western Victoria , Australia , 194 kilometres ( 121 mi ) km south west of the state capital , Melbourne .
The Leine ( Old Saxon Lagina ) is a river in Thuringia and Lower Saxony , Germany .
Kayalpattinam ( also known as Kayalpatnam or Korkai , Arabic - قاهر فطن , Tamil - காயல்பட்டினம் ) is a Municipality in Thoothukudi district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
The National Club is a private club founded in 1874 for business professionals located in the financial district of downtown Toronto , Canada .
Playa Vicente is a municipality located in the south zone of the State of Veracruz , about 220 km from state capital Xalapa .
The CNN Center is located in Downtown Atlanta , Georgia , adjacent to Centennial Olympic Park .
The Sapotaweyak Cree Nation is a Cree First Nations band government whose reserves are located in Central Manitoba north of Swan River .
Meadow Brook Hall is a Tudor revival style mansion located at 480 South Adams Road in Rochester Hills , Michigan .
Sibley Memorial Hospital is a non - profit hospital located in The Palisades neighborhood of Washington D.C ..
Nolan Hill is a residential neighbourhood in the northwest quadrant of Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
Sanyuan District ( Chinese : 三元 ; pinyin : Sānyuán ) is a district of Sanming , Fujian province , People 's Republic of China .
The Unterberghorn ( 1,773 m above sea level ( AA ) ) in the Austrian district of Kitzbühel in Tyrol is the highest peak between the mountain ranges of the Wilder Kaiser and Loferer Steinberge .
WSLQ ( 99.1 FM ) is a commercial FM radio station licensed to Roanoke , Virginia , serving the New River Valley and Southwest Virginia .
Barza Reka ( Bulgarian : Бърза река ) is a village in Chernoochene Municipality , in Kardzhali Province , in southern - central Bulgaria .
The Gumti Water Fountain is a monument in Faisalabad , Pakistan preserved from the British Raj era .
Bard - e Gazhdi ( Persian : بردگژدي‎ , also Romanized as Bard - e Gazhdī ) is a village in Hati Rural District , Hati District , Lali County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Dillenburg is a town in Hesse 's Gießen region in Germany .
Coleman Barracks / Coleman Army Airfield ( ICAO : ETOR ) is a United States Army military installation located in the Sandhofen district of Mannheim , Germany .
Maliget ( Persian : ملي گت‎ , also Romanized as Malīget ; also known as Malikat and Melīgeyt ) is a village in Mosharrahat Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Nowa Długowola ( ˈnɔva dwuɡɔˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczyn , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Kicking Horse River is in the Canadian Rockies of southeastern British Columbia , Canada .
Baruj ( Persian : باروج‎ , also Romanized as Bārūj and Barooj ; also known as Bare , Bareh , Bārī , Bary , Bereh , and Pareh ) is a village in Zolbin Rural District , Yamchi District , Marand County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Raba Niżna ( ˈraba ˈniʐna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszana Dolna , within Limanowa County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
KXJM ( 107.5 FM , `` JAM'N 107.5 '' ) is a commercial broadcast radio station located in the Portland , Oregon area and broadcasts at 107.5 FM .
Kalety ( kaˈlɛtɨ ) ( German : Kalet , Stahlhammer(1940 - 45 ) ) is a town in Tarnowskie Góry County , Silesian Voivodeship , Poland , with 8,668 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
The Russel Erskine Hotel is an apartment building and former hotel in Huntsville , Alabama .
The Ascension of Our Lord Chapel is a historic Russian Orthodox chapel in Karluk , Alaska .
Sarastaneh ( Persian : سراستانه‎ , also Romanized as Sarāstāneh ; also known as Sar Astan ) is a village in Zalaqi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Besharat District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Gants Mill is a watermill on the River Brue in Pitcombe near Bruton , Somerset , England .
Prince Street Synagogue ( Oheb Shalom ) , in the Springfield / Belmont neighborhood , is the oldest synagogue building still standing in Newark , Essex County , New Jersey , United States .
Sabari District is situated in the northern part of Khost Province , Afghanistan .
Dehnow - e Sadat ( Persian : دهنوسادات‎ , also Romanized as Dehnow - e Sādāt ; also known as Dehnow ) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Gummawala is a small village in Roorkee Taluka that located in Haridwar district , Uttarakhand , India .
Jamaica Plain is a neighborhood of 4.4 square miles ( 11 km2 ) in Boston , Massachusetts , US .
Przysowy ( pʂɨˈsɔvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Bargecheh ( Persian : برگچه‎ ) is a village in Qolqol Rud Rural District , Qolqol Rud District , Tuyserkan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Szare ( ˈʂarɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milówka , within Żywiec County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Tazehabad - e Zir Khaki ( Persian : تازه ابادزيرخاكي‎ , also Romanized as Tāzehābād - e Zīr Khākī ; also known as Tāzehābād ) is a village in Helilan Rural District , Helilan District , Chardaval County , Ilam Province , Iran .
The Torlonia Museum ( Italian : Museo Torlonia ; not identical with the Villa Torlonia on the Via Nomentana ) was a museum in Rome , which housed the Torlonia Collection ( Collezione Torlonia ) of ancient sculptures .
Wickham railway station was located on the Newcastle line in New South Wales , Australia .
Shemshak ( Persian : شمشک‎ ) is a city in Rudbar - e Qasran District , Shemiranat County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Vattjom is a locality situated in Sundsvall Municipality , Västernorrland County , Sweden with 477 inhabitants in 2010 .
The Shire of Arapiles was a local government area in the Wimmera region of western Victoria , Australia .
Sangchris Lake State Recreation Area is an Illinois state park on 3,022 acres ( 1,223 ha ) in Christian and Sangamon Counties , Illinois , United States .
Chiusaforte ( Slovene : Kluže , German : Klausen , Friulian : Sclûse ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli - Venezia Giulia .
Ballencrieff Castle , also known as Ballencrieff House , is a large tower house at Ballencrieff , East Lothian , Scotland .
Palatka High School is a public high school located in Palatka , Florida , operated by the Putnam County School Board .
The Kangaroo Island Council is a local government area in South Australia that covers the entirety of Kangaroo Island , 13 km off the coast of the mainland .
Ostałówek ( ɔstaˈwuvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chlewiska , within Szydłowiec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Llanllowell ( Welsh : Llanllywel ) is a village in Monmouthshire , southeast Wales , in the United Kingdom .
The Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Bridge was a bridge that carried the Atlantic Coast Line Railroad , and later , the Seaboard Coast Line Railroad over the James River in Richmond , Virginia .
Jishui County ( Chinese : 吉水县 ; Pinyin : Jíshǔi Xiàn ) is a county located on the Gan River Ji'an city , Jiangxi province , China .
St. Catherine 's Oratory is a medieval lighthouse on St. Catherine 's Down near the southern coast of the Isle of Wight , the Back of the Wight .
The Musée des Matériaux du Centre de Recherche sur les Monuments Historiques was a museum in the Palais de Chaillot at 9 , avenue Albert de Mun , Paris , France , that displayed building materials used in historical monuments along with scale models of buildings .
Cascadilla School Boathouse is a historic boathouse located on Cayuga Lake at Ithaca in Tompkins County , New York .
KDMA ( 1460 AM ) is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Montevideo , Minnesota on the frequency of 1460 kHz .
Salt Creek Recreation Area is a 196 acre park located about 15 miles west of Port Angeles , Washington on U.S. Route 101 near the city of Joyce , Washington .
Chilagodu ( Kannada ಚಿಲಗೋಡು ) is a village in Bellary district in Karnataka .
The Tomb of Askia , in Gao , Mali , is believed to be the burial place of Askia Mohammad I , one of the Songhai Empire 's most prolific emperors .
Celbowo ( t͡sɛlˈbɔvɔ ) ( Kashubian : Celbòwò ; German : Celbau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck , within Puck County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Family Arena is a multi - purpose arena in St. Charles , Missouri , built in 1999 .
Borgofranco d'Ivrea is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont , about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) north of Turin .
Mal - e Shamab ( Persian : مال شهاب‎ , also Romanized as Māl - e Shamāb ; also known as Māl Shahāb ) is a village in Liravi - ye Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Deylam County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
The Judge Harry Pregerson Interchange is a stack interchange near the Athens and Watts communities of Los Angeles , California .
Mount McDowell ( O'odham : S - wegĭ Doʼag , Yavapai : Wi : kawatha ) , more commonly referred to as Red Mountain , is located on the Salt River Pima - Maricopa Indian Reservation , just north of Mesa , Arizona .
Dębrzyna ( dɛmˈbʐɨna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek , within Szczecinek County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Malmö Municipality ( Swedish : Malmö kommun ( ˈmalːˈmøː kɔˈmuːn ) ) , or City of Malmö ( Malmö stad ( ˈmalːˈmøː ˈstɑːd ) ) , is a municipality in Skåne County in Sweden .
McAlester Army Ammunition Plant ( MCAAP ) is a weapons manufacturing facility in McAlester , Oklahoma .
Laixi ( simplified Chinese : 莱西 ; traditional Chinese : 萊西 ; pinyin : Láixī ) is a county - level city of Qingdao sub - provincial city , Shandong Province , China .
Zoratu Pain ( Persian : زرتوپائين‎ , also Romanized as Z̄oratū Pā’īn and Z̄orratū - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Gohreh Rural District , Fin District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Chojane - Pawłowięta ( xɔˈjanɛ pavwɔˈvjɛnta ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kulesze Kościelne , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
HMCS Stone Frigate is a dormitory and classroom block of the Royal Military College of Canada in Kingston , Ontario .
The Cycledrome was an American football stadium and velodrome located in Providence , Rhode Island .
The Porta Mariae ( Latin , `` Marian Gate '' ) is a triumphal arch in Naga City commemorating the tercentenary of the devotion to Our Lady of Peñafrancia .
Ross Memorial Park and Alexandre Stadium is a combined multi - purpose outdoor athletic facility in North Franklin Township , Pennsylvania owned by Washington & Jefferson College .
KSKQ is a non - commercial educational ( NCE ) community FM radio station licensed by the United States Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) to Ashland , Oregon , United States .
Daramru ( Persian : دارمرو‎ , also Romanized as Dārāmrū ; also known as Daramrud ( Persian : دارامرود ) , also Romanized as Dārāmrūd ) is a village in Kakavand - e Sharqi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Federal Medical Center , Carswell ( FMC Carswell ) is a United States federal prison in Texas for female inmates of all security levels with special medical and mental health needs .
The Siletz Reservation is a 5.852 sq mi ( 15.157 km² ) Indian reservation in Lincoln County , Oregon , United States , owned by the Confederated Tribes of Siletz .
The Auglaize County Courthouse is located between West Mechanic , Willipie , West Pearl and Perry Streets in downtown Wapakoneta , Ohio , United States .
Camber Castle was built approximately 1.5 kilometres ( 0.93 mi ) between the ports of Rye and Winchelsea on the south coast of England , overlooking a body of water called the Camber , at the mouth of the Brede , Rother and Tillingham rivers .
Chinle Municipal Airport ( FAA LID : E91 ) , also referred to as Chinle Airport , is a public - use airport located three nautical miles ( 4 mi , 6 km ) southwest of the central business district of Chinle , in Apache County , Arizona , United States .
The Alme Valley Railway ( German : Almetalbahn ) was an approximately 60 km long , mostly single - track branch line from Paderborn via Buren to Brilon in the German state of North Rhine - Westphalia .
Reading Terminal Market is an enclosed public market found at 12th and Arch Streets in downtown Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Hawkfield ( Irish : Pairc an tSeabaigh ) is a village in County Kildare , Ireland .
Grijzegrubben , known as Griëzegröbbe in Limburgish , is a hamlet in the municipality of Nuth in the province of Limburg , the Netherlands .
Sandy Bay Airport , ( TC LID : CJY4 ) , is located 1.3 nautical miles ( 2.4 km ; 1.5 mi ) northeast of Sandy Bay , Saskatchewan , Canada also known as Sandy Lake .
Ruch - e Olya ( Persian : روچ عليا‎ , also Romanized as Rūch - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Alamut - e Pain Rural District , Rudbar - e Alamut District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 118 , in 57 families .
Lipscani is a street and a district of Bucharest , Romania , which from middle age to early 19th century was the most important commercial area of the city and the whole Wallachia .
Béal na Bláth , alternatively Béal na mBláth , Béal na Blá , Bealnablath or Bealnabla , is a small village on the R585 road in County Cork , Ireland .
Malvern and Westerham School was a school located in the Rockland neighbourhood of Victoria , British Columbia , Canada , at 1765 Rockland Avenue .
Mingoose is a hamlet near St Agnes and north of Mount Hawke in Cornwall , England .
Darreh Zhaleh - ye Sofla ( Persian : دره ژاله سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Zhāleh - ye Soflá ; also known as Darreh Zhāleh - ye Pā'īn ) is a village in Ozgoleh Rural District , Ozgoleh District , Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Budziszów Mały ( buˈd͡ʑiʂuf ˈmawɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wądroże Wielkie , within Jawor County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Maduravoyal is a residential neighborhood located in the west of Chennai , India .
Surunga is a trade center of Jhapa District .
Penn State Milton S. Hershey Medical Center , located in Hershey , Pennsylvania , 10 miles ( 17 km ) east of Harrisburg , is Penn State 's medical school and academic medical center .
The Greenfield Meeting House is a historic meeting house on Forest Road in the center of Greenfield , New Hampshire .
Jakać Młoda ( ˈjakat͡ɕ ˈmwɔda ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śniadowo , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Weippe Prairie is a `` beautiful upland prairie field of about nine by twenty miles of open farmland bordered by pine forests '' at 3,000 feet elevation in Clearwater County , Idaho , at Weippe , Idaho .
Vasheqan ( Persian : واشقان‎ , also Romanized as Vāsheqān , Vāshqān , and Vāshaqān ; also known as Vāsheqeh , Vashghan , and Wāshghān ) is a village in Talkh Ab Rural District , Khenejin District , Farahan County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Szczecinowo ( ʂt͡ʂɛt͡ɕiˈnɔvɔ ) ( German : Sczeczinowen ; 1925 - 1945 : Steinberg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Juchy , within Ełk County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Qaralar - e Kuh ( Persian : قرالركوه‎ , also Romanized as Qarālar - e Kūh ; also known as Qarahlar - e Gūrkhāneh ) is a village in Baranduzchay - ye Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Penclawdd ( Welsh : Pen - clawdd ) is a village which is situated in the north of the Gower Peninsula in Swansea , Wales .
Sobieńczyce ( sɔbjɛɲˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krokowa , within Puck County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Manoel Viana is a Brazilian municipality in the western part of the state of Rio Grande do Sul .
Mooreland Hill School is an independent Kindergarten to Grade 9 school located in Kensington , Connecticut .
The Mount Ephraim Public Schools are a community public school district that serves students in pre - Kindergarten through eighth grade from Mount Ephraim , in Camden County , New Jersey , United States .
Adžići ( Cyrillic : Аџићи ) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Cabharstadh or Caversta ( Scottish Gaelic : Cabharstaigh ) is a village on Lewis in the Outer Hebrides , Scotland .
Dahaneh - ye Chahal ( Persian : دهنه چهل‎ ; also known as Dahaneh - ye Jahl and Qāsemābād ) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District , Razaviyeh District , Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Stanisławów Duży ( staniˈswavuf ˈduʐɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamionka , within Lubartów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Bay Springs Lake is a reservoir on the Tennessee - Tombigbee Waterway in the U.S. state of Mississippi .
Wielgołęka ( vjɛlɡɔˈwɛŋka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin - Ośrodek , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Edward W. Morley House is a historic house and National Historic Landmark at 26 Westland Avenue in West Hartford , Connecticut .
Hannah Park is a football ground in Shotts , a town in North Lanarkshire midway between Glasgow and Edinburgh in Scotland .
Zanjilabad ( Persian : زنجيل اباد‎ , also Romanized as Zanjīlābād ; also known as Zanjolābād ) is a village in Ardalan Rural District , Mehraban District , Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Unalakleet River in the U.S. state of Alaska flows southwest 90 miles ( 145 km ) from the Kaltag Mountains to near the town of Unalakleet , on Norton Sound of the Bering Sea .
Ternhill ( also known as Tern Hill ) is a village in Shropshire , England , notable as the location of the former RAF Ternhill station , which is now operated by the British Army and known as Clive Barracks .
Alexis I. duPont High School is a public high school located in Greenville , Delaware , USA , a suburb of Wilmington .
Kharsang is a circle under the Miao sub - division of Changlang district of Arunachal Pradesh .
The Jack Lamberson House , also known as Robert McCormick House , is a Frank Lloyd Wright - designed Usonian home that was constructed in Oskaloosa , Iowa in 1948 .
Pond Mill Bridge , also known as Pondtown Mill Bridge , is a historic stone arch bridge in Latimore Township , Adams County , Pennsylvania .
The Lane County Farmers Market is a farmers market in Eugene , Oregon , United States .
Whitefish Mountain Resort is a ski resort located at The Big Mountain in northwestern Montana , located west of Glacier National Park in the Flathead National Forest .
Nidau converted to the new faith of the Protestant Reformation in 1528 , along with the Canton of Bern .
The Crédit Lyonnais headquarters ( the headquarters of the French bank Crédit Lyonnais , now LCL ) is a Haussmannian style building in the 2nd arrondissement of Paris .
S. B. Brodbeck Housing , also known as The Brick House , is a set of four historic rowhouses located at Codorus Township , Pennsylvania , York County , Pennsylvania .
Wilton Dean is a village in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland , on the Cala Burn , and close to the River Teviot .
Kalaiyur ( Tamil : களையூர் ) is a revenue village in Cuddalore district , state of Tamil Nadu , India .
Pehengan ( Persian : پهنگان‎ , also Romanized as Pehengān ) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District , Kuhpayeh District , Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
It is the southern terminus of the California State Water Project , situated in a mountain - rimmed valley between Moreno Valley and Perris , in what is now the Lake Perris State Recreation Area .
Gwernesney ( Welsh : Gwernesni ) is a village in Monmouthshire in southeast Wales .
Tall - e Ganj Gah ( Persian : تل گنج گه‎ ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Garmsiri - ye Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Landeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Namdrik Atoll or Namorik Atoll ( Marshallese : Nam̧dik , ( nʲæ͡ɑmˠ(ʌ͡ɛ)r̪ʲi͡ɯk ) ) is a coral atoll of two islands in the Pacific Ocean , and forms a legislative district of the Ralik Chain of the Marshall Islands .
Klępie Górne ( ˈklɛmpjɛ ˈɡurnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica , within Busko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Clifton T. Perkins Hospital Center ( CTPHC ) is a 250-bed psychiatric hospital in Jessup , Maryland .
Taylor Municipal Airport ( FAA LID : T74 ) is a city - owned public - use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) west of the central business district of Taylor , a city in Williamson County , Texas , United States .
Tumin ( Arabic : تومين‎ , also spelled Toumine ) is a village in northwestern Syria , administratively part of the Hama Governorate , southwest of Hama .
Lungotevere di San Paolo ( official name : Lungotevere di S. Paolo ) is the stretch of Lungotevere that connects via Ostiense to Piazza Tommaso Edison , in Rome , in the Ostiense district .
Droniki ( drɔˈniki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sława , within Wschowa County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Daquqabad ( Persian : دقوق اباد‎ , also Romanized as Daqūqābād ; also known as Coghābād , Dūghābād , Dūjābād , and Dūqābād ) is a village in Bahreman Rural District , Nuq District , Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Pataveh - ye Bidak ( Persian : پاتاوه بيدك‎ , also Romanized as Pātāveh - ye Bīdak ) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District , in the Central District of Basht County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Carroll Park Methodist Episcopal Church is a former Methodist church in Brooklyn , New York , formerly located at 295 Carroll Street , Carroll Gardens , Brooklyn , New York City .
Zarrin Bagh ( Persian : زرين باغ‎ , also Romanized as Zarrīn Bāgh ; also known as Zarrīnī ) is a village in Khezel - e Sharqi Rural District , Khezel District , Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Mana Contemporary is a cultural center in Jersey City , New Jersey , USA .
Paszęcin ( paˈʂɛnt͡ɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rąbino , within Świdwin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Museum of Tomorrow ( Portuguese : Museu do Amanhã ) is a science museum in the city of Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
Lungotevere della Magliana is the stretch of the urban road along the Tiber that connects via del Ponte della Magliana to via della Magliana , in Rome 's Portuense district .
Kaipuzha is a small village in Kottayam District and sub - district in the Indian state of Kerala .
Tokary Pierwsze ( tɔˈkarɨ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kawęczyn , within Turek County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Prats - Saint - Thomas is a former commune in Pyrénées - Orientales ( France ) .
Kimbel Arena is a 1,039-seat multi - purpose arena located on the campus of Coastal Carolina University in Conway , South Carolina , United States .
Sznyfin ( ˈʂnɨfin ) ( German : Rasenau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Buk , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Dugh Kashan ( Persian : دوغ كشان‎ , also Romanized as Dūgh Kashān ) is a village in Heruz Rural District , Kuhsaran District , Ravar County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Chichimilá Municipality ( In the Yucatec Maya Language : `` hard to see or recognize '' ) is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing ( 358.59 km2 ) of land and located roughly 170 km southeast of the city of Mérida .
Khalfani ( Persian : خلفاني‎ , also Romanized as Khalfānī ) is a village in Moqam Rural District , Shibkaveh District , Bandar Lengeh County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Marlewo ( marˈlɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogoźno , within Oborniki County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
KVAB ( 102.9 FM ) is a radio station broadcasting a classic rock format , licensed to Clarkston , Washington , USA .
The Valley Library is the primary library of Oregon State University and is located at the school 's main campus in Corvallis in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Nevasa is a city in Nevasa tehsil of Ahmednagar district in the Indian state of Maharashtra .
Augusta Technical College is a two - year college based in Augusta , Georgia .
Durahi Sefidar ( Persian : دوراهي سفيدار‎ , also Romanized as Dūrāhī Sefīdār ) is a village in Dasht - e Rum Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
National Golf Links of America is a prestigious links - style golf course in Southampton , New York , located on Long Island between Shinnecock Hills Golf Club and Peconic Bay .
Równica Dolna ( ruvˈnit͡sa ˈdɔlna ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Subotinac ( Serbian : Суботинац ) is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac , Serbia .
Dąbrowa Godowska ( dɔmˈbrɔva ɡɔˈdɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opole Lubelskie , within Opole Lubelskie County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Bruskowo Małe ( brusˈkɔvɔ ˈmawɛ ) ( German Klein Brüskow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupsk , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Chrüzlistock is a mountain of the Glarus Alps , located north of Sedrun in the Swiss canton of Graubünden .
Leke is a town in Diksmuide , a part of Belgium in the province of West Flanders .
Bagh - e Kalak ( Persian : باغ كلك‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Kalak ) is a village in Bahmayi - ye Sarhadi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Dishmok District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
La Pobla de Benifassà ( Valencian pronunciation : ( la ˈpɔβla ðe βenifaˈsa ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of Baix Maestrat in the Valencian Community , Spain .
Bapira ( Persian : باپيرا‎ , also Romanized as Bāpīrā ) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District , Abezhdan District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Jowai ( IPA : ʤəʊˈwaɪ ) is the headquarters of West Jaintia Hills district of the state of Meghalaya , India and is home to the Pnar tribe .
The Ralston Arena , also called the Ralston Sports and Event Center , is an arena located in Ralston , Nebraska , a suburb of Omaha , Nebraska .
KJXK ( 102.7 FM , `` 102.7 Jack FM '' ) is a radio station in San Antonio , Texas , broadcasting an adult hits music format as a member of the `` Jack FM '' brand .
Annapolis National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located in the city of Annapolis , in Anne Arundel County , Maryland .
Dillon River Wildland Park is a wildland provincial park in northern Alberta , Canada that is 191,544 ha ( 473,320 acres ) in size .
West Peckham is a village in the local government district of Tonbridge and Malling in Kent , England .
Seyyed Yusef ( Persian : سيديوسف‎ , also Romanized as Seyyed Yūsef and Seyyed Yūsof ; also known as Seyyed Yūsol ) is a village in Mosharrahat Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Nallathur ( Tamil : நல்லாத்தூர் ) is a village in Cuddalore district in state of Tamil Nadu , India .
Silton is a small village and civil parish in north Dorset , England , situated in the Blackmore Vale 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) northwest of Gillingham .
Shadow Valley is a north to northwest flowing drainage within the Mojave Desert of San Bernardino County , California .
Holy Child Church is a historic church off I-40 in Tijeras , New Mexico .
Sobotín ( German : Zöptau ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Šumperk District in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic .
Pratulin ( praˈtulʲin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokitno , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Dadagolab ( Persian : داداگلاب‎ , also Romanized as Dādāgolāb ) is a village in Miyankuh - e Sharqi Rural District , Mamulan District , Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Sainte - Dévote Chapel ( French : Chapelle Sainte Dévote ) is a Roman Catholic chapel dedicated to Saint Devota , the patron saint of Monaco .
Stare Boryszewo ( ˈstarɛ bɔrɨˈʂɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Lemah Mountain is a mountain peak in the Snoqualmie Crest , a part of the North Cascades Mountains , of the Washington state .
Horsehead Crossing is a ford on the Pecos River in Crane County , southeast of Odessa , Texas .
The William Bland House near Glendale , Kentucky was built in 1850 by builder John Y. Hill .
The House at 39 Converse Street in Wakefield , Massachusetts is a well preserved Queen Anne Victorian house .
Bonarg ( Persian : بنرگ‎ , also Romanized as Bonrak and Bownark ; also known as Būnzak ) is a village in Nimbeluk Rural District , Nimbeluk District , Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Gomole ( ɡɔˈmɔlɛ ) is a settlement in Gmina Miastko , Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Gołostowice ( ɡɔwɔstɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Golschau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kondratowice , within Strzelin County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Venice Branch is a former branch library of the Los Angeles Public Library located in the Venice section of Los Angeles , California .
WIMM - LP ( 107.9 FM ) is a Catholic Religious radio station licensed to Owensboro , Kentucky , USA .
Goldfield Airport ( FAA LID : 0L5 ) was a county owned , public use airport located 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ; 1.2 mi ) north of the central business district of Goldfield , the county seat of Esmeralda County , Nevada , United States .
Cleveland Law Range is a historic office building located at Spartanburg , Spartanburg County , South Carolina .
Mainstone is a small village and civil parish in southwest Shropshire , England , near the border with Powys , Wales .
The Museo de Arte Moderno or Museum of Modern Art is located in Chapultepec Park , Mexico City , Mexico .
Puchacze ( puˈxat͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Kujaty ( kuˈjatɨ ) ( kashubian : Kùjôtë ) is a Kashubian village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Datow Naseri ( Persian : دتوناصري‎ , also Romanized as Datow Nāşerī ) is a village in Siyahu Rural District , Fin District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Ustrzesz ( ˈustʂɛʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzyń Podlaski , within Radzyń Podlaski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Czażów ( ˈt͡ʂaʐuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waśniów , within Ostrowiec County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Gniadki ( ˈɡɲatki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny , within Nidzica County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kalus - e Olya ( Persian : كالوس عليا‎ , also Romanized as Kālūs - e `` Olyā ; also known as Sar Dasht - e Kālūs ) is a village in Sarrud - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Przybychowo ( pʂɨbɨˈxɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połajewo , within Czarnków - Trzcianka County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Khan Verdi ( Persian : خانوردي‎ , also Romanized as Khān Verdī ) is a village in Zhan Rural District , in the Central District of Dorud County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Thornley - with - Wheatley is a civil parish in the Borough of Ribble Valley , Lancashire , England .
Qorovul ( Uzbek : Qorovul ) is a village and seat of Urganch District in Xorazm Region in Uzbekistan .
The Montauk Building - also referred to as Montauk Block - was a high - rise building in Chicago , Illinois .
Tappasakatti ( Kannada ತಪ್ಪಸಕಟ್ಟಿ ) is a village in Bagalkot district in Karnataka .
North Albion Collegiate Institute ( abbreviated as North Albion CI , NACI or North Albion ) is a high school in the Etobicoke area of the city of Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
The James B. Barnes House is an historic house located at 109 Hampshire Street , Cambridge , Massachusetts , in the Wellington - Harrington neighborhood .
Emsworth is a small town in Hampshire on the south coast of England , near the border of West Sussex .
Masjidi Hazrati Abu Bakr Siddique is a mosque in Flushing , Queens , New York , United States .
Widełka ( viˈdɛu̯ka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolbuszowa , within Kolbuszowa County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
WMIN ( 1010 AM , `` Uptown 1010 '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Sauk Rapids , Minnesota , USA .
Cambourne is a new settlement and civil parish in Cambridgeshire , England , in the district of South Cambridgeshire .
St Michael at the North Gate is a church in Cornmarket Street , at the junction with Ship Street , in central Oxford , England .
Blubber Bay is an unincorporated settlement on the northern end of Texada Island at the bay of the same name in the northern Gulf of Georgia on the South Coast of British Columbia , Canada .
Dartmouth Street tram stop is a tram stop in West Bromwich , Sandwell , England .
Quzhdabad ( Persian : قوژداباد‎ , also Romanized as Qūzhdābād ) is a village in Jolgeh Rural District Rural District , Shahrabad District , Bardaskan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Kańkowo ( kaɲˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małkinia Górna , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Poschiavo ( Italian : Poschiavo , Lombard : Pusciaaf , German : Puschlav , Romansh : Puschlav ) is a municipality in the district of Bernina in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland .
Cividino ( Siidì in bergamasque is part of the Castelli Calepio community , in the Province of Bergamo . It has nearly 4000 inhabitants .
Hotel Fauchere and Annex is a historic hotel located at Milford , Pike County , Pennsylvania .
Kibithu ( Hindi:किबिथु ) is a town in Arunachal Pradesh in Anjaw district .
Karekatte(Kannada : ಕರೇಕಟ್ಟೆ ) is a village in the Indian state of Karnataka .
Sutki ( ˈsutki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Wiśniewka ( viɕˈɲefka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępólno Krajeńskie , within Sępólno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Igryły ( iˈɡrɨwɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Darmian County ( Persian : شهرستان درمیان‎ ) is a county in South Khorasan Province in Iran .
Fort Meade National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located near the city of Sturgis in Meade County , South Dakota .
Grant Community High School was established in 1930 and is a public high school located in Fox Lake , Illinois , United States .
Niederschöneweide ( Lower Schöneweide ) is a German locality ( Ortsteil ) within the Berlin borough ( Bezirk ) of Treptow - Köpenick .
Fort Macquarie was a square castellated battlement fort built at Bennelong Point , Sydney , New South Wales , Australia , where the Sydney Opera House now stands .
The Union Monument in Vanceburg in Lewis County , Kentucky , in Vanceburg , Kentucky , commemorates the Union soldiers of the American Civil War .
Chah - e Chanag ( Persian : چاه چنگ‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Chanag ) is a village in Dokuheh Rural District , Seh Qaleh District , Sarayan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Supreme Court Library Building , now known as Greenbrier County Library and Museum , is a historic library building located at Lewisburg , Greenbrier County , West Virginia .
Bourland Field ( FAA LID : 50F ) is a public airport located seventeen miles ( 27.4 km ) southwest of the central business district ( CBD ) of Fort Worth , in Parker County , Texas , USA .
Spanish Springs High School is a public secondary school in Sparks , Nevada , part of the Washoe County School District ; it is one of only three public high schools within the city of Sparks .
Brookewood School is a private independent day school for girls located in Kensington , Maryland .
Darżyno ( darˈʐɨnɔ ) ( German Darsin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potęgowo , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Farthingstone is a village in the district of Daventry in the county of Northamptonshire in England .
Located in Indianapolis , Indiana , The Chris Gonzalez Library and Archives is a circulating LGBT libraries in the Midwest .
Grider Field ( IATA : PBF , ICAO : KPBF , FAA LID : PBF ) is a city - owned , public - use airport located four nautical miles ( 7 km ) southeast of the central business district of Pine Bluff , a city in Jefferson County , Arkansas , United States .
Hundvin Church ( Norwegian : Hundvin kyrkje ) is a parish church in Lindås municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Chah - e Rezai ( Persian : چاه رضائي‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Rez̤ā'ī ) is a village in Yunesi Rural District , Yunesi District , Bajestan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Siemysłów ( ɕeˈmɨswuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domaszowice , within Namysłów County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Mainz Römisches Theater station is a station in the city of Mainz , the capital of the German state of Rhineland - Palatinate on the Main Railway from Mainz to Frankfurt am Main .
Northwest Bay ( or Roncière Bay ) is a natural bay off the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
The Skagit River ( /ˈskædʒɨt/ SKAJ - it ) is a river in southwestern British Columbia in Canada and northwestern Washington in the United States , approximately 150 mi ( 240 km ) long .
Gimnasio USBI is an indoor arena that is located in Xalapa , Veracruz , Mexico .
Windham Mountain is a ski resort located in the town of Windham , New York , in the northern section of the Catskill Mountains , approximately 3 hours north of New York City .
The Old Lutz Elementary School ( also known as the Old Lutz Schoolhouse ) is a historic school in Lutz , Florida .
KRAV - FM ( 96.5 FM ) , known as `` Mix 96 - Today 's Best Music '' , is a radio station in Tulsa , Oklahoma , owned by Cox Radio .
The Xbox 360 Lounge was a venue in Aoyama , Tokyo , close to the upscale Omotesandō , Tokyo shopping area .
Breuil - Cervinia ( in Italian : Breuil - Cervinia ; in French and in Valdôtain : Breuil ) is an alpine resort in the Aosta Valley region of northwest Italy .
The Hintere Bachofenspitze in the Karwendel mountains of Tyrol is 2,668 metres ( 8,753 ft ) high and forms the northernmost point of the parish of Thaur in the Inn Valley .
Jezfatan - e Olya ( Persian : جزفتن عليا‎ , also Romanized as Jezfaţan - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Ganjabad Rural District , Esmaili District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 758 , in 166 families .
Manaus ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( mɐˈnaws ) or ( mɐˈnawʃ ) ) or Manaós before 1939 or ( formerly ) Lugar de Barra do Rio Negro , is the capital city of the state of Amazonas in northern Brazil .
Sąpolnica ( sɔmpɔlˈnit͡sa ) ( German : Zampelhagen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard , within Goleniów County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Bennett Mountain , also commonly known as Bennett Peak , is a 1,909-foot ( 582 m ) summit in the Sonoma Mountains of California .
Fort William Henry Harrison is the Montana National Guard training facility .
Ragtag Cinema is a non - profit independent movie theater located on Hitt Street in Columbia , Missouri .
Torreys Peak is a mountain in the Front Range region of the Rocky Mountains in Colorado .
Mogh Kenar ( Persian : مغ كنار‎ , also Romanized as Mogh Kenār ) is a village in Byaban Rural District , Byaban District , Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Karezan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كارزان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Karezan District , Sirvan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Chełm used to be the capital of the Chełm Voivodeship until it became part of the Lublin Voivodeship in 1999 .
Zorrotzaurre ( Spanish : Zorrozaurre ) is an artificial peninsula located within the Deusto district of Bilbao , Spain .
Zoveng ( Khuga Tampak ) is one of the oldest town ward within Lamka or Churachandpur district of Indian state of Manipur .
The Musée des Plans - Reliefs is a museum of military models located within the Hôtel des Invalides in the 7th arrondissement of Paris , France .
São Bento do Sapucaí is a Brazilian municipality in São Paulo state .
Xiuzhou District ( Chinese : 秀洲区 ; Pinyin : Xiùzhōu Qū ) is a district in Jiaxing , Zhejiang , China .
Bakkefean ( West Frisian name ) , or Bakkeveen ( Dutch name ) , is a village of about 2000 inhabitants in the municipality of Opsterland in eastern Friesland ( Fryslân ) in the Netherlands .
Shaghap ( Armenian : Շաղափ , also Romanized as Shagap '' , Shagap , and Shagab ; formerly , Shagaplu ) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia .
The Ritchie Mill is also significant because of its association with industrial and agricultural development in an urban setting and with the development of the Strathcona community , one of Edmonton 's oldest settled neighborhoods , dating from the arrival of the Calgary and Edmonton Railway in 1892 , which terminated at the North Saskatchewan River Valley .
Bret Harte Union High School is the public high school serving Angel 's Camp , California , the only official city in Calaveras County , California .
The town of Molina de Segura is located in Europe , in the east of the Iberian Peninsula , belonging to the kingdom of Spain , and part of the Region of Murcia .
Darundeh ( Persian : درون ده‎ , also Romanized as Darūndeh ) is a village in Gavkan Rural District , in the Central District of Rigan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Hudson River Way is a pedestrian bridge that links Broadway in downtown Albany , New York with the Corning Preserve on the bank of the Hudson River .
The Ekalluk River ( variations : Ekalluktok , Ekaluktuuk , Ekaluk ) is a river in Kitikmeot Region , Nunavut , Canada .
The Hood - Anderson Farm is a historic home and farm and national historic district located at Eagle Rock , Wake County , North Carolina , a suburb of the state capital Raleigh .
Montini Catholic High School ( often shortened to Montini ) is a co - educational , college preparatory , high school , run by the Christian Brothers in Lombard , Illinois .
The Museo dell'olivo e dell'olio ( Olive and oil Museum ) is a private museum located in Torgiano ( Umbria , Italy ) specialized in olive oil and olive culture and knowledge .
Moorabbin Oval , also known by its sponsorship name of Linen House Oval , is an Australian Rules Football ground in the city of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia at Linton Street in the suburb of Moorabbin .
Toadstool Geologic Park is located in the Oglala National Grassland in far northwestern Nebraska .
Do Alkuh ( Persian : دوال كوه‎ , also Romanized as Do Ālkūh ) is a village in Aliyan Rural District , Sardar - e Jangal District , Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Gurnee Mills is an indoor mall , established in Gurnee , Illinois , a village west of Waukegan , Illinois .
The Queen Elizabeth II Wildlands Provincial Park is a provincial park in south - central Ontario , between Gravenhurst and Minden .
Aquagrill is a seafood restaurant located at 210 Spring Street ( on the corner of Sixth Avenue ) , in SoHo in Manhattan , in New York City .
Mount Auburn Hospital is a hospital in Cambridge , Massachusetts , affiliated with Harvard Medical School .
Radville Airport , ( TC LID : CKF2 ) , is located 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ; 1.2 mi ) east of Radville , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Wola Kanigowska ( ˈvɔla kaniˈɡɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
North Kern State Prison ( NKSP ) is a medium - security prison located in Delano , Kern County , California .
Windsor Forge Mansion , also known as Windsor Place , is a historic home and national historic district located at Caernarvon Township , Lancaster County , Pennsylvania .
Most of the mountain is included within the boundaries of the Mount Alexander Regional Park managed by Parks Victoria .
Brierly Brook ( Allt a '' Bhrierlidh ) is a community in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia , located in Antigonish County .
Kureh Zar ( Persian : كوره زار‎ , also Romanized as Kūreh Zār ; also known as Kūreh Dar ) is a village in Enaj Rural District , Qareh Chay District , Khondab County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Herkimer County Community College is a two - year community college in the Village of Herkimer in Herkimer County , New York , USA .
The J. William & Mary Diederich College of Communication ( or simply Diederich College of Communication ) is one of the primary colleges at Marquette University , located in Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
Fara Novarese is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Novara in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) northeast of Turin and about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) northwest of Novara .
Wola Gałęzowska - Kolonia ( ˈvɔla ɡawɛ̃ˈzɔfska kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bychawa , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Fairmont Château Laurier is a 660,000-square - foot hotel with 429 guest rooms in downtown Ottawa , Ontario , located near the intersection of Rideau Street and Sussex Drive and designed in the French Gothic Châteauesque style to complement the adjacent Parliament buildings .
The Brea Mall is a shopping mall located in the Orange County city of Brea , California .
Blackburn Lake Sanctuary is an excellent example of regenerated and remnant bushland in suburban Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Wilczogęby ( vilt͡ʂɔˈɡɛmbɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Minnehaha Academy ( often abbreviated MA ) is a Christian private school in Minneapolis , Minnesota for students in preschool through 12th grade , and established in 1913 .
The Doub Farm is a historic home and farm located at Keedysville , Washington County , Maryland , United States .
The Potawatomi Conservatories ( also called the South Bend Conservatories ) is a set of three indoor conservatories and botanical gardens in South Bend , Indiana , in the United States :
The Atlantic City Country Club is a golf club located in Northfield , New Jersey , 6 miles ( 10 km ) west of Atlantic City .
834 Fifth Avenue is a luxury residential housing cooperative in the Upper East Side of Manhattan , New York City .
Penycae is a village and a local government community , the lowest tier of local government , part of Wrexham County Borough in Wales The population of the community taken at the 2011 census was 3,389 .
Qusheh Gonbad ( Persian : قوشه گنبد‎ , also Romanized as Qūsheh Gonbad ) is a village in Abarghan Rural District , in the Central District of Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Adventure Con was a for - profit media expo with a science fiction and comic theme held annually in Knoxville , Tennessee .
Tang Do ( Persian : تنگ دو‎ ) is a village in Mazu Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
JW Marriott Las Vegas Resort and Spa is a luxury hotel in Summerlin , Nevada , near Las Vegas .
Monitor Pass ( el . 8,314 ft / 2,534 m ) is a high mountain pass in California in the Sierra Nevada southeast of Lake Tahoe .
Rzepin Pierwszy ( ˈʐɛpin ˈpjɛrfʂɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów , within Starachowice County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Alice Ho Miu Ling Nethersole Hospital ( Chinese : 雅麗氏何妙齡那打素醫院 ) is an acute general hospital managed under the New Territories East Cluster of the Hospital Authority in Hong Kong .
The Mary McLeod Bethune Home ( also known as the Mary McLeod Bethune Foundation ) is a historic home in Daytona Beach , Florida .
Brtnička ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈbr̩tɲɪtʃka ) ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
The Chiltern - Mt Pilot National Park is a national park that is located in the Hume region of Victoria , Australia .
Chinggis Square ( Mongolian : Чингисийн талбай , pronounced Chinggisiin Talbai ) , formally Grand Chinggis Khaan Square , and previously known as Sükhbaatar Square ( Mongolian : Сүхбаатарын талбай , pronounced Sükhbaatariin Talbai ) , is the central square of Mongolia 's capital Ulaanbaatar .
Gaz Bashi ( Persian : گزباشي‎ , also Romanized as Gaz Bāshī and Gezbāshī ; also known as Yūz Bāshī and Gazbāshī - ye Soflá ) is a village in Jeyransu Rural District , in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Panoche Valley Solar Farm is a proposed 399 megawatt ( MW ) , utility - scale solar photovoltaic power station originally proposed by Solargen Energy in the Panoche Valley of Central California 's San Benito County .
Szyjki Stare ( ˈʂɨi̯ki ˈstarɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Union Christian Church is a historic Church located in Plymouth Notch , Vermont .
Luffield Abbey is a place in the very north of Buckinghamshire , England .
Sedrup ( formerly Southwarp or Southcote ) is a hamlet in Buckinghamshire , England .
Paresh Kuh ( Persian : پرشكوه‎ , also Romanized as Paresh Kūh and Porshokooh ) is a village in Moridan Rural District , Kumeleh District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Fort of Justices ( officially Fort Pajol , French : Fort des Justices ) was built in the 1860s or early 1870s located in Montrapon - Fontaine - Écu , Besançon , Franche - Comté .
Mae O ( Thai : แม่อ้อ ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Phan District , in Chiang Rai Province , Thailand .
Sigajny ( ɕiˈɡai̯nɨ ) ( German : Saagen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Larrabee 's Brick Block is a historic commercial and residential building at 500 - 504 Main Street in Melrose , Massachusetts .
The Edward Harden Mansion , also known as Broad Oaks , is a historic home located on North Broadway ( U.S. Route 9 ) in Sleepy Hollow , New York , United States , on the boundary between it and neighboring Tarrytown .
Kyamdi is a village located near Jalaun in Uttar Pradesh .
Budoni ( Gallurese : Budùni , Sardinian : Budùne ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Olbia - Tempio in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 170 kilometres ( 110 mi ) northeast of Cagliari and about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) southeast of Olbia .
The Jackson Homestead , located at 527 Washington Street , in the village of Newton Corner , in Newton , Massachusetts , is an historic house that served as a station on the Underground Railroad before the Civil War .
The Delegation of the Ismaili Imamat in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada , a building of the Aga Khan Foundation Canada located between the Saudi Arabian embassy and the Lester B. Pearson Building on Sussex Drive .
The Staple Bend Tunnel , about 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) east of Johnstown , Pennsylvania , in a town called Mineral Point , was constructed between 1831 and 1834 for the Allegheny Portage Railroad .
Lubień Górny ( ˈlubjɛɲ ˈɡurnɨ ) ( German : Obernhagen ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Resko , within Łobez County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Greenhouse Site ( 16 AV 2 ) is an archaeological site of the Troyville - Coles Creek culture ( 400 to 1000 CE ) in Avoyelles Parish , Louisiana .
Nomreh - ye Yek ( Persian : نمره يك‎ , also Romanized as Nomreh Yek ) is a village in Gazin Rural District , Raghiveh District , Haftgel County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Heritage Park Historical Village is a historical park located in Calgary , Alberta .
The LeRoy Public Library is the public library in Le Roy , Minnesota , United States .
Omak Rock , also known as Balance Rock , is a balancing rock in the Colville Indian Reservation , in the U.S. state of Washington .
Sujaul is a village in Bangladesh , located in Dakshin Shahabajpur Union , Barlekha Upazila , Maulvibazar District .
Qeshlaq - e Anjireh ( Persian : قشلاق انجير‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Anjīreh ; also known as Anjīreh ) is a village in Tasuj Rural District , in the Central District of Kavar County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Cape Wickham Lighthouse is a lighthouse situated at Cape Wickham on King Island , Tasmania .
Dumak Rural District ( Persian : دهستان دومک‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Nosratabad District , Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The name Bullers of Buchan refers both to a collapsed sea cave and to the adjacent village , situated about 6 miles ( 9.7 km ) south of Peterhead in Buchan , Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
Khak - e Pir - e Zan ( Persian : خاكپيرزن‎ , also Romanized as Khāk - e Pīr - e Zan ) is a village in Zarrin Gol Rural District , in the Central District of Aliabad County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Leszczewek ( lɛʂˈt͡ʂɛvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suwałki , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Seltz ( German : Selz ) is a commune in the Bas - Rhin department of the Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine region in north - eastern France .
The Big Cypress Indian Reservation is one of the six reservations of the Seminole Tribe of Florida .
Golborne ( go:(l)bə : n ) is a town within the Metropolitan Borough of Wigan , in Greater Manchester , England .
St Minver ( Cornish : Sen Menvra ) is the name of an ecclesiastical parish , a civil parish and a village in north Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Alizava is a town in Panevėžys County , in central - eastern Lithuania .
WMSP ( 740 AM , `` Sports Radio 740 '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Montgomery , Alabama , USA .
Southbank International School is a mixed independent school located in the City of Westminster , Kensington and Hampstead , London , England .
White Mountain Mall is a shopping mall located in Rock Springs , Wyoming owned and managed by Rouse Properties , one of the largest mall owners in the United States .
The Unteraargau is the lower watershed of the Aar River in the Swiss canton of Aargau .
Berthyfedwen is a small village in the community of Llandyfriog , Ceredigion , Wales , which is 65.8 miles ( 105.9 km ) from Cardiff and 187.1 miles ( 301 km ) from London .
WGAU ( 1340 AM , `` News - Talk 1340 '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Athens , Georgia , United States , that broadcasts a News / Talk format .
KBTE , ( 104.9 FM ) , known as `` 104.9 The Beat '' , is an Urban Contemporary formatted radio station owned by Alpha Media of Lubbock , Texas .
Dalang Arena ( Chinese : 大朗体育馆 ; pinyin : Dàlǎng Tǐyùguǎn ) is an indoor sporting arena located in Dalang , Dongguan , Guangdong , China .
Santa Anita Canyon is a canyon in the San Gabriel Mountains , within the Angeles National Forest in Los Angeles County , California .
Zagaje Smrokowskie ( zaˈɡajɛ smrɔˈkɔfskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słomniki , within Kraków County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Fondren Library is the main library of Rice University in Houston , Texas .
Times - Shamrock Communications is an American media company based in Scranton , Pennsylvania .
The Kramer Hills are a small range of hills in the Mojave Desert , in northwestern San Bernardino County , southern California .
Ranch to Market Road 169 , Ranch Road 169 , or RM 169 is a Ranch to Market Road in the U.S. state of Texas located entirely within Presidio County and maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation ( TxDOT ) .
Shore Front Parkway is a two - lane beachfront road paralleling the boardwalk in Rockaway Beach in the New York City borough of Queens , running between Beach 73rd Street and Beach 108th Street .
Grundmann Studios ( 1893 - 1917 ) in Boston , Massachusetts , was a building on Clarendon Street in the Back Bay .
The Russian Wilderness is a wilderness area of 12,000 acres ( 49 km2 ) located approximately 65 miles ( 105 km ) northeast of Eureka in northern California .
Siah Dasht - e Sofla ( Persian : سياه دشت سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Sīāh Dasht - e Soflá ; also knonwn as Sīāh Dasht - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Farim Rural District , Dodangeh District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Itaubal is a municipality located in the southeast of the state of Amapá in Brazil .
Hamilton Parish ( originally Bedford Parish ) is one of the nine parishes of Bermuda .
Chrissiesmeer ( Lake Chrissie ) is a small town situated in Msukaligwa Local Municipality , in a wetland area of Mpumalanga province in South Africa , on the northern banks of the eponymous Lake Chrissie .
WALV - FM ( 105.1 FM ) is known as `` 105.1 ESPN Chattanooga '' and is a radio station serving Chattanooga , Tennessee .
Parwółki ( parˈvuu̯ki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gietrzwałd , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Craigholme School is an independent all - girls school situated in the Pollokshields area of the South Side of Glasgow , Scotland .
Chifeng ( Chinese : 赤峰市 ) , also known as Ulanhad ( Mongolian : ᠤᠯᠠᠭᠠᠨᠬᠠᠳᠠ ᠬᠣᠲᠠ ( Улаанхад хот ) Ulaɣanqada qota ( ʊlaːnxad xɔt ) , `` red cliff '' ) , is a prefecture - level city in southeastern Inner Mongolia , People 's Republic of China .
McLennan Reservation is a nature reserve located in Otis and Tyringham , Massachusetts .
The Crafts Street City Stable is an historic redbrick public works building located at 90 Crafts Street near Ashmont Avenue in Newton , Massachusetts .
Parówki ( paˈrufki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
DeGray Lake Resort State Park is a 984-acre ( 398 ha ) Arkansas state park in Clark and Hot Spring counties , Arkansas in the United States .
Łękanów ( wɛnˈkanuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niechlów , within Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Mushleh ( Persian : موشله‎ , also Romanized as Mūshleh , Mīshella , Mīshleh , Mooshleh , and Mūsheleh ) is a village in Khomeh Rural District , in the Central District of Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Marqad ( Persian : مرقد‎‎ ; also known as Marqad - e Sūrīn ) is a village in Buin Rural District , Nanur District , Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Fingrowa Huta ( finˈɡrɔva ˈxuta ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościerzyna , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Harbor Oaks Residential District ( also known as Harbor Oaks Subdivision ) is a U.S. historic district ( designated as such on March 15 , 1988 ) located in Clearwater , Florida .
Fahalanj ( Persian : فهالنج‎ , also Romanized as Fahālanj and Fahālonj ; also known as Fehlunj ) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District , in the Central District of Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Tzistarakis Mosque ( Greek : Τζαμί Τζισταράκη ) is an Ottoman mosque , built in 1759 , in Monastiraki Square , central Athens , Greece .
Shuru Vazireh ( Persian : شورووزيره‎ , also Romanized as Shūrū Vazīreh ) is a village in Rizab Rural District , Qatruyeh District , Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Oikos University is a private post - secondary Korean Christian university in Oakland , California .
Riehen ( Swiss German : Rieche ) is a municipality in the canton of Basel - Stadt in Switzerland .
Pertunmaa is a municipality of Finland located in the province of Eastern Finland which is part of the Southern Savonia region .
The Chemung Speedrome is a 3/8 mile Asphalt race track in Chemung , New York , USA .
The Harquahala Mountains are the highest mountain range in southwestern Arizona , United States and are located southwest of the towns of Aguila and Wenden .
The Brush Hill Historic District is a residential historic district along Brush Hill Road in Milton , Massachusetts .
Pollok ( Scottish Gaelic : Pollag `` Pitpow '' meaning a pool ) is a large housing estate on the south - western side of the city of Glasgow , Scotland .
Hiram 's Highway ( traditional Chinese : 西貢公路 ; simplified Chinese : 西贡公路 ; pinyin : Xīgòng Gōnglù ; Cantonese Yale : sai1 gung3 gung1 lou6 ) is a road in Hong Kong .
Lichterman Nature Center , a certified arboretum and nature center , is located in East Memphis , Tennessee .
Bobino - Grzybki ( bɔˈbinɔ ˈɡʐɨpki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoniawy - Bramura , within Maków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
QV.1 is a 40-storey modernist skyscraper in Perth , Western Australia .
East Hancock is a primarily residential neighbourhood in Hancock , Michigan , though it also includes the easternmost block of Quincy Street , the main street of Hancock 's downtown .
Mohammadabad - e Kharzeh ( Persian : محمد آباد خرزه‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammadābād - e Kharzeh ; also known as Moḩammadābād ) is a village in Yeylan - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Dehgolan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Nathan Eckstein Middle School ( originally Nathan Eckstein Junior High School ) is located in Seattle , Washington and is part of the Seattle Public Schools .
Deh - e Davud ( Persian : ده داود‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Dāvūd ; also known as Deh Dāūd and Deh Dāvod ) is a village in Hendudur Rural District , Sarband District , Shazand County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Fairground Park is a municipal park in St. Louis , Missouri , that opened in 1908 .
Vitkovo ( Serbian : Витково ) is a village in the municipality of Aleksandrovac , Serbia .
Plaquemine Lock State Historic Site , located in Plaquemine , Louisiana , commemorates an early example of hydraulic engineering design and the historic significance of Bayou Plaquemine , an important navigable waterway that was once a distributary of the Mississippi River .
Slag Hill is a subglacial volcano associated with the Mount Cayley volcanic field in British Columbia , Canada .
Cerinza is a town and municipality in the Colombian Department of Boyacá , and part of the Tundama Province subregion .
The Ransom Water Tower is a former water tower in the LaSalle County , Illinois , village of Ransom .
Larwill Park , also known as the Cambie Street Grounds , is a former park and sporting field in what is now downtown Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Akapnou ( Greek : Ακαπνού ) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus , located 3 kilometres ( 1.9 mi ) east of Eptagoneia .
The Wickfield Round Barn is a historic structure located near Cantril in rural Van Buren County , Iowa , United States .
Shahgodar - e Zamkan ( Persian : شاه گدارزمكان‎ , also Romanized as Shāhgodār - e Zamkān ) is a village in Zamkan Rural District , in the Central District of Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Kiaramesh ( Persian : كيارمش‎ , also Romanized as Kīāramesh ) is a village in Eshkevar - e Sofla Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Gmina Bogatynia is an urban - rural gmina ( administrative district ) in Zgorzelec County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , bordering both the Czech Republic and Germany .
Florianka ( flɔˈrjanka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Józefów , within Biłgoraj County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Young Women 's Preparatory Academy ( YWPA ) is a grade 6 - 12 magnet school for girls , located in the Little Havana neighborhood of Miami , Florida .
Cape May Airport or Cape May County Airport ( IATA : WWD , ICAO : KWWD , FAA LID : WWD ) is a public use airport in Cape May County , New Jersey , United States .
Fort Saginaw Mall was an enclosed shopping mall located in Buena Vista Township , just outside the city of Saginaw , Michigan , United States .
Bhiyar is a village located 70 km north of Barmer , Rajasthan , India , on the Ramdevara road .
Stadion Střelecký ostrov is a football stadium in České Budějovice , Czech Republic , located near the Vltava River .
Wólka Przybójewska ( ˈvulka pʂɨbuˈjɛfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Avishk ( Persian : اويشك‎ , also Romanized as Āvīshk and Evīshk ; also known as Evick ) is a village in Qohestan Rural District , Qohestan District , Darmian County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Fred F. French Building is a 38-story skyscraper on the northeast corner of 45th Street at 551 Fifth Avenue , Manhattan , New York City .
Oxnard Beach Park is a public beach operated and maintained by the city of Oxnard , California at 1601 South Harbor Boulevard .
Miedniewice - Topola ( mjɛdɲɛˈvit͡sɛ tɔˈpɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skierniewice , within Skierniewice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Llano del Rio was a commune ( or `` colony '' ) located in what is now Llano , California , east of Palmdale in the Antelope Valley , Los Angeles County .
WCLH ( 90.7 FM ) is a non - commercial radio station licensed to Wilkes - Barre , Pennsylvania , USA , the station serves the Scranton area .
NASA John H. Glenn Research Center at Lewis Field is a NASA center , located within the cities of Brook Park , Cleveland , and Fairview Park , Ohio between Cleveland Hopkins International Airport and the Cleveland Metroparks 's Rocky River Reservation , with a subsidiary facility in Sandusky , Ohio .
Hawcoat is an area and electoral ward of Barrow - in - Furness , Cumbria , England .
Bryszki ( ˈbrɨʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozprza , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Pytchley is a village and civil parish in Northamptonshire , England , three miles south - west of Kettering and near the A14 road .
Almere ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ɑlˈmeːrə ) ) is a planned city and municipality in the province of Flevoland , the Netherlands , bordering Lelystad and Zeewolde .
Military Museum of the Chinese People 's Revolution or China People 's Revolution Military Museum ( Chinese : 中国人民革命军事博物馆 ; pinyin : Zhōngguó rénmín gémìng jūnshì bówùguǎn ) is located in Haidian District , Beijing , China .
The Angel , Islington is a historic landmark and a series of buildings that have stood on the corner of Islington High Street and Pentonville Road in Islington , London , England .
Chak Khasa is a village beside the Jhelum River and union council of Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan .
Dasht - e Mowrd - e Ghurak ( Persian : دشت موردغورك‎ , also Romanized as Dasht - e Mowrd - e Ghūrak ; also known as Dasht - e Mowrd ) is a village in Babuyi Rural District , Basht District , Basht County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Peter Lougheed Centre ( PLC ) is a 506,000 square foot hospital in Alberta , Canada .
Farmington Community Library is a public library system in Farmington Hills , Michigan in Greater Detroit .
Kortavij - e Sofla ( Persian : كرتويج سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Kortavīj - e Soflá ; also known as Gortavīch - e Soflá ) is a village in Kanduleh Rural District , Dinavar District , Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Fort Dorchester High School is a public high school located in North Charleston , South Carolina and is a part of Dorchester School District Two .
Lake Tutchewop is a lake near Kerang in the Mallee region of Victoria in eastern Australia .
Ootha is a village in the Central West region of New South Wales , Australia .
Cheraghabad - e Olya ( Persian : چراغ ابادعليا‎ , also Romanized as Cherāghābād - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Yusefvand Rural District , in the Central District of Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 179 , in 33 families .
Thomas Nelson High School is a public high school located in an unincorporated area of Nelson County , Kentucky that has a Bardstown mailing address .
Temple Sholom ( formally Temple Sholom of Chicago ) is a Reform Jewish congregation located at 3480 N. Lake Shore Drive in Chicago , Illinois .
' Vilappuram ' is a small place in North - west of Chirakkara Grama Panchayath of Kollam District ( Kerala State , India)and 3 km towards south from Chathannoor town .
Kongsvoll Station ( Norwegian : Kongsvoll stasjon ) is a railway station located at Kongsvoll in the municipality of Oppdal in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Chilton Trinity is a village and civil parish on the River Parrett , 2 miles ( 3 km ) north of Bridgwater in the Sedgemoor district of Somerset , England .
Hayrabolu ( Chariòpolis , Χαριόπολη in Greek ) is a town and district of Tekirdağ Province in the Marmara region of Turkey .
North Sterling State Park is a Colorado State Park located in Logan County north of Sterling , Colorado , Colorado .
Ogle Hall is an historic building in Annapolis , Maryland , Maryland Inventory of Historic Properties Inventory # AA-530 .
Esbønderup is a parish and small town situated north of Lake Esrum in Gribskov Municipality , North Zealand .
Second Tompkins County Courthouse , also known as Old Courthouse , is a historic courthouse located at Ithaca in Tompkins County , New York .
Hartford End is a hamlet in the parish of Felsted in the county of Essex , England .
Gościno - Dwór ( ɡɔɕˈt͡ɕinɔ ˈdvur ) ( German : Gut Groß Jestin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gościno , within Kołobrzeg County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Harmony Times Square ( Chinese : 圆融时代广场 ) is a business complex located in Suzhou Industrial Park , Suzhou , Jiangsu , China , close to the east bank of Jinji Lake .
Toledo Bend Reservoir is a reservoir on the Sabine River between Texas and Louisiana .
Alaqeh Janban ( Persian : علاقه جنبان‎ , also Romanized as ʿAlāqeh Janbān ) is a village in Sudlaneh Rural District , in the Central District of Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Alleh - ye Band - e Qir ( Persian : عله بندقير‎ , also Romanized as ʿAlleh - ye Band - e Qīr ) is a village in Miyan Ab Rural District , in the Central District of Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Dillard McCollum High School is a public high school of the Harlandale Independent School District in San Antonio , Texas ( USA ) .
Calabria ( Italian pronunciation : ( kaˈlaːbrja ) ; Calàbbria in Calabrian , Calavría in Calabrian Greek , Καλαβρία in Greek , Kalavrì in Arbëresh ) , known in antiquity as Bruttium or formerly as Italia , is a region in Southern Italy , forming the `` toe '' of the Italian Peninsula .
Withrow High School ( formerly East Side High School ) is a public high school located on the east side of Cincinnati , Ohio .
Mahirud ( Persian : ماهي رود‎ , also Romanized as Māhīrūd , Mahi Rood ; also known as Mahrūd and Māhrūd ) is a village in Doreh Rural District , in the Central District of Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Emory University 's Goizueta Business School ( also known as Goizueta Business School , Emory Business School , or simply Goizueta -- pronounced goy - swet - ah ) is the private business school of Emory University located in Atlanta , Georgia , USA .
The Bulge is a mountain located in Coos County , New Hampshire .
Pilawy ( piˈlavɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice , within Rawa County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Tabarak - e Sofla ( Persian : تبرك سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Ţabarak - e Soflá ) is a village in Bazoft Rural District , Bazoft District , Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Ishku - ye Bala ( Persian : ايشكوبالا‎ , also Romanized as Īshku - ye Bālā ; also known as Ayshakhku , Bālā Īshkūh , Īshekūh , Īshkuh - e Bālā , and Īshkūh ) is a village in Deylaman Rural District , Deylaman District , Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Tentha is famous for the production of fish in Thoubal district .
Hammerbrook is a quarter ( Stadtteil ) in the Hamburg - Mitte borough of the Free and Hanseatic city of Hamburg in Germany .
Marynino ( marɨˈninɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Serock , within Legionowo County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Agana Historic District in Hagåtña ( formerly Agana ) , Guam is a 2-acre ( 0.81 ha ) historic district that was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1985 .
Nicklin Way ( SR6 ) is a major road in Sunshine Coast , Queensland .
Farm to Market Road 374 or FM 374 is a two - lane , state - maintained highway in the U.S. state of Texas that connects the farming areas of Cross Plains and Pioneer with State Highway 36 and State Highway 206 .
Deh Askar ( Persian : ده عسكر‎ , also Romanized as Deh `` Askar ; also known as Deh - e `` Asgar ) is a village in Asfyj Rural District , Asfyj District , Behabad County , Yazd Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 18 , in 7 families .
Fish Lake Reservoir , sometimes called Fish Lake Flowage , is a 3,526-acre ( 14.27 km2 ) impoundment of the Beaver River , part of the Cloquet and Saint Louis River system , located 20 miles northwest of the city of Duluth , Minnesota .
`` Adalhat '' , now a rising rural market place , was a small village located in Mirzapur district of Uttar Pradesh state in northern India .
Mount Fee is a volcanic peak in the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in southwestern British Columbia , Canada .
Jind ( Hindi : जींद ) , ( Punjabi : ਜੀਂਦ ) is a city in Jind District in the Indian state of Haryana .
Mowlan - e Sofla ( Persian : مولان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Mowlān - e Soflá ; also known as Sūlān ) is a village in Mehmandust Rural District , Kuraim District , Nir County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Qeshlaq - e Hajj Aymanlu Mahteman ( Persian : قشلاق حاج ايمانلومحتمن‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Ḩājj Aymānlū Maḥteman ) is a village in Qeshlaq - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Parsabad County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Staples Inn , now the Old Orchard Beach Inn , is an historic travelers ' accommodation at 8 Portland Avenue in Old Orchard Beach , Maine .
Paul M. Grist State Park is a public recreation area located 17 miles ( 27 km ) north of Selma operated by the government of Dallas County , Alabama .
Bradley Stoke is a new town in South Gloucestershire , England , situated on the north side of the city of Bristol .
Franklin Pierce University is a small , private , non - profit , regionally accredited university in rural Rindge , New Hampshire , in the United States .
Nanqiao District is a district of the prefecture - level city of Chuzhou in Anhui Province , China .
Baji Sara ( Persian : باجي سرا‎ , also Romanized as Bājī Sarā ) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Jackson Avenue Warehouse District is an historic district in the Old City section of Knoxville , Tennessee , USA , listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the 1970s .
Wakefield Country Day School is a co - educational independent elementary , middle and college - preparatory school in Flint Hill , Virginia , USA .
Bar River Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CNE5 ) , is located 3 nautical miles ( 5.6 km ; 3.5 mi ) southwest of Bar River , Ontario , Canada .
Nipawin is a town located in north - east Saskatchewan , Canada , on the Saskatchewan River portion of Tobin Lake .
The `` Wreck at the Fat Nancy '' was one of the largest railroad disasters in Virginia 's history .
Hesar - e Babaganjeh ( Persian : حصارباباگنجه‎ , also Romanized as Ḩeşār - e Bābāganjeh ) is a village in Nazlu - e Shomali Rural District , Nazlu District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kayaralam is one of the village in Mayyil Gram panchayat in the Kannur District , state of Kerala .
Torrenova ( Sicilian : Turrinova ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Messina in the Italian region Sicily , located about 130 kilometres ( 81 mi ) east of Palermo and about 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) west of Messina .
Wain 's Hill is an univallate Iron Age hill fort situated approximately 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) south - west from the town of Clevedon in the North Somerset district of Somerset , England .
Allaheh Gurab ( Persian : الاله گوراب‎ , also Romanized as Ālāleh Gūrāb ; also known as Allāh Gūrāb ) is a village in Lulaman Rural District , in the Central District of Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Zhaolingpuxi ( Chinese : 赵陵铺镇 ) is a township - level division of Xinhua District , Shijiazhuang , Hebei , China .
San Paolo Maggiore is a basilica church in Naples , southern Italy , and the burial place of Gaetano Thiene , known as Saint Cajetan , founder of the Order of Clerics Regular ( or Theatines ) .
The Henry Hudson Parkway is an 11.05-mile ( 17.78 km ) parkway in New York City .
Adams Academy was a school that opened in 1872 in Quincy , Massachusetts , USA .
Hexham ( /ˈhɛksəm/ HEKS - əm ) is a market town and civil parish in Northumberland , England , located south of the River Tyne , and was the administrative centre for the Tynedale district from 1974 to 2009 .
Candlestick Point State Recreation Area ( or simply Candlestick Point ) is a state park unit of California , USA , providing an urban protected area on San Francisco Bay .
The North Beach Malt House is an historical landmark building , located at 445 Francisco Street in San Francisco , California .
Nachiapuram is a Nagarathar village located in Sivagangai District in the State of Tamil Nadu in India .
Magic Waters is a Rockford Park District waterpark in Cherry Valley , Winnebago County , Illinois .
Babolbam ( Persian : باب البام‎ , also Romanized as Bābolbām and Bāb ol Bām ) is a village in Beyza Rural District , Beyza District , Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Academy for Youth Leadership ( German : Akademie für Jugendführung ) was a Hitler Youth ( HJ ) leadership school in Braunschweig .
Krutla ( ˈkrutla ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Wolsztyn , within Wolsztyn County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Duderun ( Persian : دودرون‎ , also Romanized as Dūderūn ) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Pine Hills Adventist Academy is a private Seventh Day Adventist K-12 School founded in 1941 , Auburn California .
Cagliari ( English /ˌkæliˈɑːri/ , /ˈkæljəri/ or US /kælˈjɑːri/ ; Italian : ( ˈkaʎʎari ) ; Sardinian : Casteddu ( kasˈteɖɖu ) ; Latin : Caralis ) is an Italian municipality and the capital of the island of Sardinia , an autonomous region of Italy .
Bard Kheymeh ( Persian : بردخيمه‎ , also Romanized as Bard Kheymeh ) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District , in the Central District of Ramhormoz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Los Angeles County Probation Department provides services for those placed on probation within Los Angeles County , California , USA .
Darkhvor - e Hasanabad ( Persian : دارخورحسن اباد‎ , also Romanized as Dārkhvor - e Ḩasanābād ; also known as Dārkhor - e Ḩasanābād ) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District , in the Central District of Eslamabad - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Murkhani ( Persian : مورخاني‎ , also Romanized as Mūrkhānī ) is a village in Bahmayi - ye Sarhadi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Dishmok District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Khaleq Verdi ( Persian : خالق وردي‎ , also Romanized as Khāleq Verdī ; also known as Kal Kurdi and Khalegh Verdi ) is a village in Mehraban - e Sofla Rural District , Gol Tappeh District , Kabudarahang County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
The House at 44 Temple Street in Reading , Massachusetts is an excellent local example of the Bungalow style of architecture .
The Dominican University College ( formerly the Dominican College of Philosophy and Theology ) is a bilingual Roman Catholic university in Ottawa , Ontario , offering civil and pontifical bachelor 's , master 's , and doctoral degrees in philosophy and theology .
Qanlu Bolagh ( Persian : قانلوبلاغ‎ , also Romanized as Qānlū Bolāgh ) is a village in Arshaq - e Markazi Rural District , Arshaq District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Modrolas ( mɔˈdrɔlas ) ( formerly German Mandelatz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tychowo , within Białogard County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Southwest National Park is a 6,182.67-square - kilometre ( 2,387.14 sq mi ) national park located in the south - west of Tasmania , Australia .
The Menomonee Valley or Menomonee River Valley is a U - shaped land formation along the southern bend of the Menomonee River in Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
Magstatt - le - Bas ( Alemannic German : Màschgetz ; German : Niedermagstatt ) is a commune in the Haut - Rhin department in Alsace in north - eastern France .
Carrazeda de Ansiães ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( kɐʁɐˈzeðɐ ðɨ ɐ̃siˈɐ̃jʃ ) ) is a municipality in the district of Bragança in northern Portugal .
La Lucila is a residential neighborhood of the Vicente López Partido in the northern suburbs of Greater Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Morro da Igreja ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈmoʁu dɐ iˈɡɾeʒɐ ) `` Hill of the Church '' ) is a peak situated in Urubici , a municipality of the Santa Catarina state , in southern Brazil .
Avoca Airport ( FAA LID : 39 G ) is privately owned by the residents whose property it encompasses , public use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) southeast of the central business district of Avoca , in St. Clair County , Michigan , United States .
Essex County College ( ECC ) is an open - door , public two - year college located in Essex County , New Jersey , United States .
Bezmiechowa Górna ( bɛzmʲɛˈxɔva ˈɡurna ) ( Ukrainian : Безмігова Горішня or Бізьмігова Горішня , Bezmihova Horishnia or Biz’mihova Horishnia ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesko , within Lesko County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Silo Point , formerly known as the Baltimore and Ohio Locust Point Grain Terminal Elevator , is a high - rise grain elevator on the edge of the Locust Point neighborhood in Baltimore , Maryland .
Chumukedima is a census town and the district headquarters of the Dimapur district , in the state of Nagaland , India .
WRFN - LP is a community LPFM non - commercial radio station in Nashville , Tennessee .
Bamasi ( Persian : بامسي‎ , also Romanized as Bāmasī ) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District , in the Central District of Ramsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Stopki ( ˈstɔpki ) ( German : Stolzenfeld ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Designpanoptikum is a `` surrealist museum of industrial objects '' located in Berlin , Germany .
Nam Phai ( Thai : น้ำไผ่ ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Nam Pat District , in Uttaradit Province , Thailand .
Kani Bardeh ( Persian : كاني برده ‎ , also Romanized as Kānī Bardeh ; also known as Ḩoseyn Āvā ) is a village in Beygom Qaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Naqadeh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Ugentse Gewog ( Dzongkha : ཨྱོན་རྩེ་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Samtse District , Bhutan .
The Oxnard Oil Field is a large and currently productive oil field in and adjacent to the city of Oxnard , in Ventura County , California in the United States .
Shoresh ( Hebrew : שורש , שֹׁרֶשׁ , lit . Root ) is a moshav shitufi in the Jerusalem Corridor , Israel , under the jurisdiction of Mateh Yehuda Regional Council .
Fortescue Dave Forrest Airport ( IATA : KFE , ICAO : YFDF ) is located about 5 km ( 3.1 mi ) northeast of Fortescue Metals Group 's Cloud Break mine in Western Australia .
Jönköping Municipality ( Swedish : Jönköpings kommun ) is a municipality in Jönköping County , southern Sweden .
Camusteel ( Scottish Gaelic : Camas Teile ) is an extremely remote crofting and former fishing village in the Applecross peninsula , located less than 1 mile directly south of Applecross village , on the west coast of Strathcarron , Ross - shire , Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland .
The Monongahela National Forest is a national forest located in the Allegheny Mountains of eastern West Virginia , USA .
Großkrotzenburg Power Station ( Kraftwerk Staudinger ) is a modern coal - fired thermal power station in Großkrotzenburg , Hesse , east of Frankfurt , Germany .
Southwest Airlines Flight 1455 was a scheduled passenger flight from McCarran International Airport , Las Vegas , Nevada to Burbank - Glendale - Pasadena Airport , Burbank , California , that overran the runway during landing on March 5 , 2000 .
Woody Woodpecker 's Nuthouse Coaster is an attraction at Universal Studios Florida .
Keyvareh ( Persian : كيوره‎ ; also known as Keyveh ) is a village in Hemmatabad Rural District , in the Central District of Borujerd County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Oberstaufen is a municipality in the district of Oberallgäu in Bavarian Swabia , Germany , situated on the B 308 road from Lindau to Immenstadt .
Edgcott is a village and a civil parish in Aylesbury Vale district in Buckinghamshire , England .
Shustoke is a village in the North Warwickshire district of the county of Warwickshire in England .
Ahnejat ( Persian : اهنجت‎ ; also known as Ahnehjad ) is a village in Anarestan Rural District , Riz District , Jam County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Contulmo ( Mapudungun : `` place of transit '' ) is a Chilean town and commune in Arauco Province , Biobío Region .
The Musée des Arts Forains - Collection Jean - Paul Favand is a private museum of funfair objects located within the Pavillons de Bercy in the 12th arrondissement of Paris at 53 , avenue des Terroirs de France , Paris , France , with temporary exhibition space at 64 , rue des Pirogues de Bercy .
S. H. Barnicoat Monuments , S. H. Barnicoat Granite Works , or , more recently , Hancock Monument Co. was a granite workshop at 114 Columbia Street , at the corner of Centre Street , in Quincy , Massachusetts .
Eslamabad - e Kord ( Persian : اسلام ابادكرد‎ , also Romanized as Eslāmābād - e Kord ; also known as Eslāmābād , Shāhābād , and Shāhābād - e Kord ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Cumborah is a town in north - western New South Wales , Australia .
The Quill Lakes is a wetland complex in Saskatchewan , Canada that encompasses the endorheic basin of three distinct lake wetlands :
De Anza High School is a secondary school located in Richmond , California , named after Spanish explorer Juan Bautista de Anza .
Gruszka Mała Pierwsza ( ˈɡruʂka ˈmawa ˈpjɛrfʂa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nielisz , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Hudul ( Persian : هودول‎ , also Romanized as Hūdūl ; also known as Naz̧arābād ) is a village in Virmuni Rural District , in the Central District of Astara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Dirman ( Persian : ديرمان‎ , also Romanized as Dīrmān and Dayermān ) is a village in Talang Rural District , Talang District , Qasr - e Qand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Gunów - Kolonia ( ˈɡunuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierza Wielka , within Kazimierza County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Balberta is located in the municipality of La Democracia in the department of Escuintla , approximately equidistant between the La Gomera and Achiguate rivers flowing down from the Guatemalan Highlands and about 19 kilometres ( 12 mi ) from the coast and 90 kilometres ( 56 mi ) southeast of the contemporary site of Kaminaljuyu .
Baloži ( pronunciation ) is a town of Latvia situated in the Ķekava municipality just 12 kilometres from the centre of Riga .
Einsiedlerhaus is a historic building with an adjoint garden which is part of the former town wall of the medieval Swiss town of Rapperswil in the Canton of St. Gallen .
Hooge Mierde is a small town in the municipality of Reusel - De Mierden in the province of North Brabant , the Netherlands .
Tompkins Street - Main Street Historic District , formerly known as Tompkins Street Historic District , is a historic district in Cortland , New York .
Budíkovice is a small village in the Czech republic , approximately 4 kilometers north of the town of Třebíč .
Aš ( Czech pronunciation : ( aʃ ) ; German : Asch ) is a town of Cheb District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic .
The Eiswoog is a reservoir , roughly six hectares in area , on the Eisbach stream , locally also called die Eis , in the German state of Rhineland - Palatinate .
Nell Hodgson Woodruff School of Nursing is the nursing school of Emory University in Atlanta , Georgia .
Skiatook Lake is located in Osage County , Oklahoma , 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) west of the town of Skiatook , 11 miles ( 18 km ) east of Hominy , Oklahoma and about 18 miles ( 29 km ) from Tulsa .
Miejski Dwór ( ˈmjɛi̯ski ˈdvur ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłakowo , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
San Gabriel Peak is a summit in the San Gabriel Mountains in the U.S. state of California .
The Antioch Mission Baptist Church of Miami Gardens is a Baptist megachurch in the Carol City neighborhood of Miami Gardens , a suburb of Miami , Florida , USA that provides a blend of traditional and contemporary worship .
Chedan ( Persian : چدان‎ , also Romanized as Chedān ; also known as Chedān - e Bālā ) is a village in Qaen Rural District , in the Central District of Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Cieminko ( t͡ɕeˈminkɔ ) ( formerly German Zemmin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowice , within Drawsko County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Kilgore College ( KC ) is a community college located in Kilgore in Gregg County in east Texas .
Port Townsend Aero Museum is an aviation museum located at Jefferson County International Airport in Port Townsend , Washington .
The Rezazadeh Stadium is an all - seater indoor arena located in Ardabil , Iran .
Merguny ( mɛrˈɡunɨ ) ( German : Margunen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
WCVC is a radio station broadcasting on 1330 kilohertz in Tallahassee , Florida .
Gunesh ( Persian : گونش‎ , also Romanized as Gūnesh ) is a village in Chelevand Rural District , Lavandevil District , Astara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Våk is a village in the municipality of Våler , Østfold , Norway .
Fort Jesup , also known as Fort Jesup State Historic Site or Fort Jessup or Fort Jesup State Monument , was built in 1822 , 22 miles ( 35 km ) west of Natchitoches , Louisiana , to protect the United States border with New Spain and to return order to the Neutral Strip .
Great Bentley is a village , civil parish and electoral ward in the Tendring district of North Essex , England , located seven miles east of Colchester .
Rybnik ( ˈrɨbɲik ) is a city in southwestern Poland , in the Silesian Voivodeship .
Tappeh - ye Marjan ( Persian : تپه مرجان‎ , also Romanized as Tappeh - ye Marjān , Tappeh Marjān , and Tepe Marjan ) is a village in Behnamarab - e Jonubi Rural District , Javadabad District , Varamin County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Datuan ( Chinese : 大疃镇 ) is a town in Rongcheng City , Weihai , in eastern Shandong province , China .
KEHK is a commercial hot adult contemporary music radio station in Eugene , Oregon , broadcasting to the Eugene - Springfield , Oregon area on 102.3 FM .
Ab Anbar Maldari ( Persian : اب انبارمالداري‎ , also Romanized as Āb Ānbār Māldārī ) is a village in Meyghan Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Buczkowo ( but͡ʂˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewkowo , within Inowrocław County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Olympia Fields Country Club is a private golf club in Olympia Fields , Illinois , a suburb of Chicago , about 25 miles ( 40 km ) south of The Loop .
Curtin Springs is a pastoral lease operating cattle station in the Alice Springs region of the Northern Territory .
The Butcherpen Mound ( 8SR29 ) is a prehistoric archaeological site associated with the Weeden Island culture , located near Gulf Breeze , in the U.S. state of Florida .
Qosun ( Persian : قصون‎ , also Romanized as Qoşūn ) is a village in Takab Rural District , Kuhsorkh District , Kashmar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The 1987 Whittier Narrows earthquake occurred in the southern San Gabriel Valley and surrounding communities of southern California at 7:42 a.m. PDT on October 1 .
Auchinleck ( /ˌɒxɨnˈlɛk/ OKH - in - LEK ; Scots : Affleck /ˈæflɛk/ ; Scottish Gaelic : Achadh nan Leac ) is a village five miles south - east of Mauchline , and two miles north - west of Cumnock in East Ayrshire , Scotland .
FCJ College Benalla is a Catholic college based in Benalla , Victoria , Australia .
Hongkou Football Stadium Station ( simplified Chinese : 虹口足球场站 ; traditional Chinese : 虹口足球場站 ; pinyin : Hóngkǒu Zúqiúchǎng Zhàn ) is a virtual interchange station between Lines 3 and 8 on the Shanghai Metro .
Shahvaneh ( Persian : شاهوانه‎ , also Romanized as Shāhvāneh ) is a village in Oshnavieh - ye Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Oshnavieh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Sutton - cum - Duckmanton is a civil parish in Derbyshire , England , lying between Bolsover and Chesterfield but in the district of North East Derbyshire .
Area codes 630 and 331 are area codes , under the North American Numbering Plan in the United States , that cover portions of Chicago 's near and far western suburbs , including the majority of DuPage County , Illinois .
Allahabad - e Yek ( Persian : الله آباد1‎ , also Romanized as Allahābād - e Yek ; also known as Allahābād ) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District , Negin Kavir District , Fahraj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Chief Sealth Trail is a multi - use recreational trail in Seattle , Washington .
Hopong Township ( Burmese : ဟိုပုန်းမြို့နယ် ) is a township of Taunggyi District in the Shan State of Myanmar .
The Palazzo Tiepolo is an Renaissance - style palace located between the Palazzo Tiepolo Passi and the Palazzo Pisani Moretta on the Grand Canal , in the Sestieri of San Polo , Venice , Italy .
Brywood Park is located in the Northwood community in the city of Irvine in Orange County , California , United States .
Helpston ( also , formerly , `` Helpstone '' ) is an English village formerly in the Soke of Peterborough , geographically in Northamptonshire -- subsequently ( 1965 - -1974 ) in Huntingdon and Peterborough , then in Cambridgeshire -- and administered by the City of Peterborough unitary authority .
Bruunshåb is a little town in Viborg Municipality , Denmark .
The Leslie - Lohman Museum of Gay and Lesbian Art , operated by the Leslie - Lohman Gay Art Foundation , is a visual art museum in SoHo , Manhattan , New York City .
Chester Rural Cemetery , located in Delaware County , Pennsylvania near the city of Chester , was founded in March 1863 .
KLKK ( 103.7 FM , `` The Fox '' ) is a classic rock formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Clear Lake , Iowa , serving Clear Lake , Mason City and all of North Iowa & Southern Minnesota .
The Orwell Bridge was opened to road traffic in 1982 and carries the A14 ( then A45 ) over the River Orwell just south of Ipswich in Suffolk , England .
Forcht - Wade Correctional Center was a state prison facility in Louisiana .
Barbaghel ( Persian : بربغل‎ ) is a village in Ali Jamal Rural District , in the Central District of Boshruyeh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Gawłowo ( ɡaˈvwɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Kenosha Engine was a automobile and engine factory in Kenosha , Wisconsin .
Tõrva ( German : Törwa ) is a town ( Estonian : linn ) and municipality in Valga County , southern Estonia .
The Great Falls Balloon Festival is a hot air balloon festival held in the twin cities of Lewiston , Maine and Auburn , Maine .
Hellendoorn ( pronunciation ) is a municipality and a town in the middle of the Dutch province of Overijssel .
Glace Bay ( Scottish Gaelic : Glasbaidh ) is a community in the eastern part of the Cape Breton Regional Municipality in Nova Scotia , Canada .
Asb Qalyan ( Persian : اسب قليان‎ , also Romanized as Asb Qalyān ; also known as Asbeh Ghalyan , Asbeh Qalyān , Aspagal’ya , and Aspeh Qalyān ) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District , in the Central District of Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
George W. Wingate High School is a defunct comprehensive high school in the Prospect Lefferts Gardens neighborhood of Brooklyn , New York .
Kadayanickadu ( കടയനിക്കാട് ) is a village situated 11 km east of Karukachal , spread out on either sides of Changanacherry - Manimala road in Kerala , India .
Dedlu ( Persian : ددلو‎ , also Romanized as Dedlū ) is a village in Keyvan Rural District , in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Liberty State Park is located on Upper New York Bay in Jersey City , New Jersey , opposite Liberty Island and Ellis Island .
The Canal du Faux - Rempart , also known as the Fossé du Faux - Rempart , is a canal in the centre of the city of Strasbourg in eastern France .
Wólka Kłucka ( ˈvulka ˈkwut͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniów , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Lee Airport ( IATA : ANP , ICAO : KANP , FAA LID : ANP ) is a public use airport located in Anne Arundel County , Maryland , United States .
Quchun ( Persian : قوچون‎ , also Romanized as Qūchūn ; also known as Qūchān ) is a village in Qaleh Asgar Rural District , Lalehzar District , Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Hasan Hendow ( Persian : حسن هندو‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasan Hendow ; also known as Ḩasan Hendow``ī and Ḩasan Hendū’ī ) is a village in Javanmardi Rural District , Khanmirza District , Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 1,297 , in 274 families .
The Homer D. Babbidge Library is the main library on the University of Connecticut campus .
The Banning Dam ( National ID # CA00737 ; also known as Lake Eleanor Dam ) is a gravity dam built in 1889 , in the Santa Monica Mountains , near present - day Westlake Village , in Ventura County , Southern California .
High Prairie is a town in northern Alberta , Canada within Big Lakes County .
The Trinity Alps are a mountain range in Siskiyou County and Trinity County , in Northern California .
Kiersiny ( kʲɛrˈɕinɨ ) ( German : Kierschienen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pieniężno , within Braniewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Lydd - on - Sea is a modern village , mostly built after World War II , which consists mainly of bungalows built along the Dungeness coastal road south of Greatstone , Kent , England .
Lake Wyola State Park , also known as the Carroll A. Holmes Recreation Area , is located in the town of Shutesbury , Massachusetts .
McCormick 's Creek State Park is the oldest state park in the U.S. state of Indiana , dedicated as on July 4 , 1916 , as part of the state 's centennial celebration .
Komarnyky ( Ukrainian : Комарники , Polish : Komarniki ) is a village ( selo ) in Turka Raion , Lviv Oblast , in south - west Ukraine .
Shahdali Sib Ali ( Persian : شهدالي سلبعلي‎ , also Romanized as Shahdālī Slb ʿAlī ; also known as Shahdālī and Shahdālī - ye Soflá ) is a village in Chin Rural District , Ludab District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Park Street District is a historic district encompassing a small cluster of historic properties on or near Park Street in the heart of Boston , Massachusetts .
Pentucket Regional High School ( often abbreviated as `` PRHS '' ) is a public high school in West Newbury , Massachusetts , USA , which serves the communities of Groveland , Merrimac , and West Newbury .
The Allerton Hotel for Women , today known as Renaissance New York Hotel 57 , is a hotel located at 130 East 57th Street in the New York City borough of Manhattan .
Kalashan ( Persian : كلشان‎ , also Romanized as Kalashān ) is a village in Zulachay Rural District , in the Central District of Salmas County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Wellington 's Column , or the Waterloo Memorial , is a monument to the Duke of Wellington standing on the corner of William Brown Street and Lime Street , Liverpool , Merseyside , England .
The Fairfield Township School District serves students in pre - Kindergarten through eighth grade from Fairfield Township , in Cumberland County , New Jersey , United States .
Carclaze is a suburb of the town of St Austell in mid Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Kodumbalur ( கொடும்பாளுர் ) is a village in Tamil Nadu , India .
Wola Mędrzechowska ( ˈvɔla mɛndʐɛˈxɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mędrzechów , within Dąbrowa County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Kichha is a town which has its own municipal board , located in Udham Singh Nagar district , Uttarakhand , India .
The East Range is a mountain range in the Great Basin region , located in Pershing County , Nevada .
WALX ( 100.9 FM , `` ALEX - FM '' ) is a classic hits music formatted radio station licensed to Orrville , Alabama , and serving the Selma , Alabama , market .
Heathfield and Waldron is a civil parish within the Wealden District of East Sussex , England .
Wilcannia is a small town located within the Central Darling Shire in north western New South Wales , Australia .
Catholic Church and Rectory , formally The Immaculate Conception Church , is a historic Roman Catholic church at 716 Franklin Street in Clarksville , Tennessee .
Mount Cooroora is located in the town of Pomona in the Sunshine Coast Region , Queensland , Australia .
Łazy Leśne ( ˈwazɨ ˈlɛɕnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos , within Warsaw West County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Racula ( raˈt͡sula ) ( formerly German Lawaldau / Larenwalde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zielona Góra , within Zielona Góra County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
The Basilica and Shrine of Our Lady of Perpetual Help is a Roman Catholic Basilica in Boston , Massachusetts , sometimes known as `` The Mission Church '' .
Heacham ( 52 ° 54′25``N 00 ° 29′24''E ) is a town in West Norfolk , England , located beside The Wash , between King 's Lynn , 14 miles ( 23 km ) to the south and Hunstanton , about 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) to the north .
Riudaura , sometimes also spelled Riudaure , is a municipality in the comarca of Garrotxa in Girona , Catalonia , Spain .
Sampława ( samˈpwava ) ( German : Samplau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubawa , within Iława County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Catlin Gabel School is an independent pre - K to 12 private school in West Haven - Syvlan , a census - designated place in Washington County and the Portland metropolitan area , in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Faedis ( Slovene : Fojda ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli - Venezia Giulia , located about 70 kilometres ( 43 mi ) northwest of Trieste and about 13 kilometres ( 8 mi ) northeast of Udine , on the border with Slovenia .
The Baum School of Art is a non - profit community art school located in Allentown , Pennsylvania , in the United States .
Hill Aerospace Museum , located near Ogden , Utah , is a U.S. Air Force museum that is part of the United States Air Force Heritage Program .
Percut Sei Tuan is a town and district of Deli Serdang Regency in the province of North Sumatra , Indonesia .
Open Source Press is a computer book publisher based in Munich , Germany .
Bilew ( ˈbilɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziejowice , within Łask County , Łódź Voivodeship , located in central Poland .
The O'Shannassy River is a perennial river of the Port Phillip catchment , located in the north - eastern Greater Metropolitan Melbourne region of the Australian state of Victoria .
Monmouthshire ( Welsh : Sir Fynwy ) is a county in south east Wales .
Kahrizak - e Burbur ( Persian : كهريزك بوربور‎ , also Romanized as Kahrīzak - e Būrbūr ; also known as Kahrīzak ) is a village in Behnamvasat - e Jonubi Rural District , Javadabad District , Varamin County , Tehran Province , Iran .
The St. James is a luxury residential skyscraper in Washington Square West , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , United States .
Fort Tryon Park is a public park located in the Hudson Heights , Washington Heights and Inwood neighborhoods of the borough of Manhattan in New York City .
The Honeyman Hardware Company Building is a building located in northwest Portland , Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Sedlčany ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈsɛdl̩tʃanɪ ) ; German : Seltschan ) is a town in Příbram District , in Central Bohemia , Czech Republic .
Vulcan Airport , ( TC LID : CFX6 ) , is located immediately west of Vulcan , Alberta , Canada .
Bopal ( earlier a satellite town & Gram Panchayat ) is a municipality in the Ahmedabad district of India , state of Gujarat .
Hunter Library is the university library at Western Carolina University and is located in Cullowhee , North Carolina .
The Crystal Lake and Pleasant Street Historic District encompasses a streetcar suburban residential subdivision developed between 1860 and 1895 in Newton , Massachusetts .
The St. Stanislaus Church Historic District is a 11.2-acre ( 4.5 ha ) Polish American historic district in Warsaw , North Dakota , United States , that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 .
The Algonquins of Pikwàkanagàn First Nation , formerly known as the Golden Lake First Nation , are an Algonquin First Nation in Ontario , Canada .
Chwalimie ( xfaˈlimjɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Okonek , within Złotów County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Lake Mackay ( Pitjantjatjara : Wilkinkarra ) is the largest of hundreds of ephemeral salt lakes scattered throughout Western Australia and the Northern Territory .
Lake Indawarra is an artificial lake located in the town of Tintinara in the Murray Mallee region of South Australia .
Mound Key Archaeological State Park is a Florida State Park , located in Estero Bay , near the mouth of the Estero River .
Washington Street Rowhouses is a pair of historic rowhouses located at Rochester in Monroe County , New York .
Nowe Monasterzysko ( ˈnɔvɛ mɔnastɛˈʐɨskɔ ) ( German : Neu Münsterberg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młynary , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Darreh Bayan ( Persian : دره بيان‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Bayān , and Darreh Beyān ; also known as Darbīān and Darbiyān ) is a village in Shamshir Rural District , in the Central District of Paveh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Ralston Hall Mansion located in Belmont , California , was the country house of William Chapman Ralston , a San Francisco businessman , founder of the Bank of California , and financier of the Comstock Lode .
Glen Rose High School ( GRHS ) is an accredited comprehensive public high school serving more than 300 students in grades nine through twelve in Malvern , Arkansas , United States .
Health and Physical Education Complex is a 5,100 seat multi - purpose arena in Fort Valley , Georgia in the United States .
Lechmere Canal is a short canal in East Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Bab Abdan ( Persian : باب عبدان‎ , also Romanized as Bāb `` Abdān ) is a village in Toghrol Al Jerd Rural District , Toghrol Al Jerd District , Kuhbanan County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 182 , in 46 families .
Kaiserslautern ( German pronunciation : ( ˌkaɪzɐsˈlaʊtɐn ) ) is a city in southwest Germany , located in the Bundesland ( State ) of Rhineland - Palatinate ( Rheinland - Pfalz ) at the edge of the Palatinate Forest ( Pfälzerwald ) .
Talabonak ( Persian : تلابنك‎ , also Romanized as Talābonak ) is a village in Shuil Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Garden City Collegiate ( Commonly shortened to GC ) is a high school in Winnipeg , Manitoba .
Gurab - e Jadid ( Persian : گوراب جديد‎ , also Romanized as Gūrāb - e Jadīd ; also known as Gūrāb ) is a village in Paskuh Rural District , Sedeh District , Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
KYOK ( branded as AMen Radio 1140 ) AM is an Urban contemporary gospel radio station in the Houston , Texas metropolitan area operating at 1140 AM in Conroe , Texas during the daytime hours only .
Kansbahal remained a rather unknown tribal village in the Sundargarh district of Odisha until its emergence into prominence with the establishment of `` Utkal Machinery '' ( UTMAL ) , a heavy engineering plant , mainly serving the Rourkela Steel Plant ( RSP ) of the Steel Authority of India Limited ( SAIL ) .
Bi Bi Shirvan ( Persian : بي بي شيروان‎ , also Romanized as Bī Bī Shīrvān ) is a village in Bagheli - ye Marama Rural District , in the Central District of Gonbad - e Qabus County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Riverfront Parkway is located along the Mississippi River in the cities of Davenport and Bettendorf in the U.S. state of Iowa .
Punta Allen ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ' punta ' alen ) ) , ( officially Javier Rojo Gómez ) is the largest village in the Sian Ka'an Biosphere Reserve at the end of the Boca Paila Peninsula in Tulum Municipality in the Mexican state of Quintana Roo .
The Tamolitch Falls was a waterfall on the McKenzie River in Linn County , Oregon .
Gar Faqir ( Persian : گارفقير‎ , also Romanized as Gār Faqīr ) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District , Dashtiari District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Ziruk District ( Pashto : زيړوک ولسوالۍ‎ , Persian : ولسوالی زیروک‎ ) , alternately spelled `` Zerok '' , is a district of Paktika Province that once was a part of Paktia , Afghanistan .
Charuymaq County ( Persian : شهرستان چاراویماق‎ ) is a county in East Azerbaijan Province in Iran .
Orangeville District Secondary School is located at 22 Faulkner Street in Orangeville , Ontario , Canada , and is the oldest secondary school in the town .
Gardner Edgerton High School ( commonly called GE or GEHS ) , is a public high school in Gardner , Kansas .
St. Vincent Pallotti High School , usually called Pallotti , is a private school located in eastern Laurel , Maryland .
Stockton Metropolitan Airport ( IATA : SCK , ICAO : KSCK , FAA LID : SCK ) is three miles southeast of downtown Stockton , a city in San Joaquin County , California .
Experiment Farm Cottage , in Harris Park , New South Wales , Australia , is one of Australia 's oldest standing residences .
The City of Griffith is a local government area in Riverina region of south - western New South Wales , Australia .
Matilda International Hospital ( Chinese : 明德國際醫院 ) is a hospital in Hong Kong located at 41 Mount Kellett Road , The Peak , Hong Kong Island .
Borzelan - e Sofla ( Persian : برزلان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Borzelān - e Soflá ; also known as Borzelān - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Qushkhaneh - ye Pain Rural District , Qushkhaneh District , Shirvan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Seraj Kola ( Persian : سراجكلا‎ , also Romanized as Serāj Kolā ; also known as Serāj Kolā - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Balatajan Rural District , in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Taleb Goli ( Persian : طالب گلي‎ , also Romanized as Ţāleb Golī ) is a village in Shoja Rural District , in the Central District of Jolfa County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Smith 's Fort Plantation is a house and parcel of land located in Surry County , Virginia , United States .
The Sargent Icefield is a large icefield located on the eastern portion of the Kenai Peninsula bordering Prince William Sound in Alaska .
Mandalay Bay is a 43-story luxury hotel and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise , Nevada .
Wąglikowice ( vɔnɡlikɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( Kashubian : Wąglëkòwice ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościerzyna , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
S. R. Crown Hall , designed by the German Modernist architect Ludwig Mies van der Rohe , is the home of the College of Architecture at the Illinois Institute of Technology in Chicago , Illinois .
Bajestan County ( Persian : شهرستان بجستان‎ ) is a county in Razavi Khorasan Province in Iran .
The German state of Lower Saxony purchased the castle at Nienover in 2005 , but sold it to Mireille van Meer , a Dutch horse breeder .
Mission San Francisco de Potano was a Spanish mission near Gainesville , Florida , United States .
The DUX Bessemer Bend Bridge is a Warren through truss bridge in Bessemer Bend , Wyoming , which carries Natrona County Road CN1 - 58 ( Bessemer Bend Road ) across the North Platte River .
Khan Bolaghi ( Persian : خانبلاغي‎ , also Romanized as Khān Bolāghī ) is a village in Ojarud - e Markazi Rural District , in the Central District of Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Bramalea City Centre is a large shopping mall located in the city of Brampton , Ontario , Canada .
Niqiu ( Chinese : 倪邱 ; pinyin : Níqiū ) is a town of Taihe County in northwestern Anhui province , China , located 26 kilometres ( 16 mi ) north of the county seat along China National Highway 105 .
Nareh ( Persian : نره‎ ) is a village in Kohurestan Rural District , in the Central District of Khamir County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Bożenice ( bɔʐɛˈnit͡sɛ ) ( German Bosens ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polanów , within Koszalin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Colmurano is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Macerata in the Italian region of Marche , located about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) southwest of Ancona and about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) southwest of Macerata .
Durbin , Kentucky is an unincorporated community situated along Kentucky Route 752 and Durbin Creek in southern Boyd County , Kentucky .
Bandar - e Shenas ( Persian : بندرشناس‎ , also Romanized as Bandar - e Shenās ; also known as Bandar - e Shīās , Shenās , and Shīās ) is a village in Moghuyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Hoykenkamp is part of the municipality of Ganderkesee and belongs to the county of Oldenburg .
Tewin is an English village and civil parish in Hertfordshire , England between the towns of Welwyn Garden City , Stevenage , Welwyn ( village ) and the county town Hertford , it is within commuting distance of London .
The House at 491 Prospect Street in Methuen , Massachusetts is locally significant as an excellent example of a Shingle Style house of the type built for well - to - do businessmen in Methuen and Lawrence around the turn of the 20th century .
The Lechmere Point Corporation Houses is a historic apartment rowhouse at 45 - 51 Gore St. and 25 3rd Street in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Clonmellon ( Irish : Ráistín ) is a small town in County Westmeath , Ireland situated between Kells in County Meath and Delvin in Westmeath .
Dedaye Township ( Burmese : ဒေးဒရဲမြို့နယ် ( dédəjɛ́ mjo̰nɛ̀ ) ) is a township of Pyapon District in the Ayeyarwady Region of Myanmar .
Garmeh Khush ( Persian : گرمه خوش‎ , also Romanized as Garmeh Khūsh ; also known as Garmeh ) is a village in Ruin Rural District , in the Central District of Esfarayen County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
WJEN ( 105.3 FM ) is a 1,250 watt Country formatted station located in Rutland , Vermont .
Rùm ( Scottish Gaelic pronunciation : ( rˠuːm ) ) , a Scottish Gaelic name often anglicised to Rum , is one of the Small Isles of the Inner Hebrides , in the district of Lochaber , Scotland .
The Comfort Maple tree is an individual sugar maple ( Acer saccharum ) located in Comfort Maple Conservation Area in the Town of Pelham , Ontario .
Before the Local Government Act 1972 came into force in 1974 Wisbech was a municipal borough ; it is now a civil parish in the Fenland District .
Ted 's Restaurant in Meriden , Connecticut , is a hamburger restaurant known for its steamed cheeseburger .
Asheridge ( recorded Esserugge in the 13th century ) is a small hamlet in the parish of Chartridge , in Buckinghamshire , England .
Saint Fin Barre 's Cathedral , ( Irish : Ardeaglais Naomh Fionnbarra ) is a cathedral of the Church of Ireland in Cork city , Ireland .
The Framingham Reservoir No . 1 Dam and Gatehouse are a historic water works facility in Framingham , Massachusetts .
Horam is a village , electoral ward and civil parish in the Wealden District of East Sussex , situated three miles ( 4.8 km ) south of Heathfield .
KBAE is a commercial radio station licensed to Trinidad , California , broadcasting on 95.5 FM from studios in nearby Eureka .
Las Vegas High School Academic Building and Gymnasium , now the Las Vegas Academy of International Studies and Performing Arts , is an Art Deco building in Las Vegas , Nevada .
Pelluhue ( in Mapudungun : land of clams ) is a town and commune in the Cauquenes Province of central Chile 's seventh region of Maule .
Manthenavaripalem is a village in Guntur district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India .
Westpac Place ( commonly referred to as the Palace as it is Westpac 's premier working environment above all others ) is a commercial skyscraper located in the north - western corridor of the Sydney central business district , Australia .
Clifton Park Valve House , also known as the Lake Clifton Gate House or Lake Clifton Valve House , is a historic building located in a northeast area known as Clifton Park of Baltimore , Maryland .
The Bert Dosh Memorial Bridge , also known as the Delks Bluff Bridge , carries State Road 40 over the Ocklawaha River in north - central Florida , east of Silver Springs .
Grande Cache is a town in west - central Alberta , Canada , located 145 kilometres ( 90 mi ) northwest of Hinton and 435 kilometres ( 270 mi ) west of Edmonton .
Itcha Mountain is one of the two named volcanic peaks of the Itcha Range , which is located in the Chilcotin District of the Central Interior of British Columbia , Canada .
Shatt Al - Arab District ( Arabic : شط العرب‎ ) is a district of Basra Governorate , Iraq .
The Transept Trail is a hiking trail located on the North Rim of the Grand Canyon National Park , located in the U.S. state of Arizona .
The Danube flows through Nendingen , which lies between the towns Tuttlingen and Mühlheim an der Donau .
Boneh - ye Kazem Hajj Soltan ( Persian : بنه كاظم حاج سلطان‎‎ , also Romanized as Boneh - ye Kāz̧em Ḩājj Solţān ; also known as Ḩājj Solţān ) is a village in Aghili - ye Shomali Rural District , Aghili District , Gotvand County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Malheur Reservoir is an irrigation lake along Willow Creek in Malheur County in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Torrance Memorial Medical Center is a private hospital located in Torrance , California .
The Chilkoot Lake , in the Tlingit Indians region of Alaska , is also spelt Chilcoot Lake .
Ribordone is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont , about 45 km northwest of Turin .
Bagh Chamak ( Persian : باغچمك‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh Chamak and Bāghchemak ; also known as Bāgh ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bam County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Jerry Tyler Memorial Airport ( IATA : NLE , FAA LID : 3TR ) is a privately owned airport in Niles , Michigan .
The 2008 European Men 's Fistball Championship was held in Stuttgart ( Germany ) from July 25 to July 27 with seven men 's national teams :
Pygery is a town in South Australia on the Eyre Peninsula and on the Eyre Highway , 569 kilometres ( 354 mi ) north - west of the state capital , Adelaide .
Emanuel Medical Center is a 209-bed acute care hospital located in Turlock , California and also runs a 145-bed skilled nursing facility .
Ufi ( Persian : عوفي‎ , also Romanized as `` Ūfī ) is a village in Noabad Rural District , Arvandkenar District , Abadan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 13 , in 5 families .
WSAJ - FM ( 91.1 FM ) is a non - commercial college radio station located in Grove City , Pennsylvania .
Des Voeux Road Central and Des Voeux Road West are two roads on the north shore of Hong Kong Island , Hong Kong .
Wignacourt Tower ( Maltese : Torri ta ' Wignacourt ) , also known as Saint Paul 's Bay Tower ( Maltese : Torri ta ' San Pawl il - Baħar ) , is a bastioned watchtower in St. Paul 's Bay , Malta .
Patuari is a village in the borough of Sakhigopal on the River Godavari in Puri district of the Indian state of Odisha .
The Hanford Site is a mostly decommissioned nuclear production complex operated by the United States federal government on the Columbia River in the U.S. state of Washington .
The Talkeetna Mountains ( Dghelaay tahwt’aene in Ahtna ) ( 62 ° 2′N 147 ° 54′W ) are a mountain range in Alaska .
The Omaha Ford Motor Company Assembly Plant is located at 1514 - 1524 Cuming Street in North Omaha , Nebraska .
KNGT ( 99.5 FM , `` Gator 99.5 '' ) is a radio station licensed to Lake Charles , Louisiana , USA , broadcasting a country music format .
Hutton railway station is on the Canadian National Railway mainline in Hutton , British Columbia .
Oriskany Battlefield State Historic Site is a historic site in Oneida County , New York , USA that marks the Battle of Oriskany , fought in 1777 during the American Revolution , one of the bloodiest engagements of the war .
Swojki ( ˈsfɔi̯ki ) ( German Schwoiken ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łukta , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Khategaon ( Hindi : खातेगांव ) is a town and a nagar palika in Dewas district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh .
Vlăhița ( listen ) ( Hungarian : Szentegyháza , pronounced ( ˈsɛntɛchaːzɒ ) , until 1899 Szentegyházas - Oláhfalu ) is a town in Harghita County , Romania .
Pallekele International Cricket Stadium , also known as Muttiah Muralitharan International Cricket Stadium , is a cricket stadium in Kandy , Sri Lanka .
Cibola National Wildlife Refuge is a U.S. National Wildlife Refuge in the floodplain of the lower Colorado River between Arizona and California and surrounded by a fringe of desert ridges and washes .
Ye Olde Cheshire Cheese is a Grade II listed public house at 145 Fleet Street , on Wine Office Court , City of London , EC4A 2BU .
Qosira ( Persian : قصيرا‎ , also Romanized as Qoşīrā and Qoşeyrā ; also known asKasīreh , Qasreh , and Qaşr - e Seyyedhā ) is a village in Kavar Rural District , in the Central District of Kavar County , Fars Province , Iran .
WIGW is a Christian FM radio station in the Lake County area in Florida , transmitting on 90.3 FM .
Ziviyeh District ( Persian : بخش زیویه‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Darby Dan Farm is a produce , livestock , and thoroughbred horse breeding and training farm founded in 1935 near the Darby Creek in Galloway , Ohio by businessman John W. Galbreath .
CHCR - FM is a community radio station broadcasting at 102.9 FM in Killaloe , Ontario , with a repeater at 104.5 FM in Wilno , known as `` Canadian Homegrown Community Radio '' .
Kliestow is an Ortsteil of Frankfurt ( Oder ) , Germany , with a population of 1,194 .
Double Pipe Creek , sometimes called Pipe Creek , is a major tributary of the Monocacy River in Carroll County and Frederick County in Maryland , located several miles north and west of Westminster .
Ramalde ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ʁɐˈmaɫd(ɨ ) ) ) is a Portuguese parish of the municipality of Porto .
Ballpark Plaza was a description of a proposed stadium in Brownsville , Texas , that was in the planning stages .
Qalat Kat ( Persian : قلات كت‎ , also Romanized as Qalāt Kat ; also known as Qalāt ) is a village in Bahmai - ye Garmsiri - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Voyutychi ( Ukrainian : Воютичі , Polish : Wojutycze ) is a village ( selo ) in Sambir Raion , Lviv Oblast , in south - west Ukraine .
Kalankash ( Persian : كلانكش‎ , also Romanized as Kalānkash and Kalānkesh ; also known as Kalānkish , Kelen - ki , and Kolankesh ) is a village in Rudqat Rural District , Sufian District , Shabestar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
St Augustine 's , Whitton , on Hospital Bridge Road in Whitton in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames , is a Church of England church in the Diocese of London .
Port Royal Speedway is a half mile dirt racetrack in Port Royal , Juniata County , Pennsylvania in the United States .
Kam Tsin ( 金錢 ) , also known as Kam Tsin Tsuen ( 金錢村 ) is a village and an area in the North District , in the New Territories in Hong Kong .
The town of Senden is the second - largest town of the district of Neu - Ulm in Bavaria and is located at the border to Baden - Württemberg .
El Rito Crags is a rock climbing destination in Carson National Forest considered to be one of New Mexico 's best sport climbing venues .
Dwight School is an independent college preparatory school located on Manhattan 's Upper West Side .
Big Spring Union Church , also known as Big Springs Primitive Baptist Church , is a historic church in Springdale , Claiborne County , Tennessee .
Bobrowisko ( bɔbrɔˈviskɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suwałki , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
KTXR ( 101.3 FM ) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format , licensed to Springfield , Missouri , USA .
Saint - Amans - de - Pellagal is a commune in the Midi - Pyrénées region in southern France , in the Tarn - et - Garonne department .
Brooklyn Botanic Garden ( BBG ) is a botanical garden in the borough of Brooklyn in New York City .
Bourbon Street ( French : Rue Bourbon ) is a street in the heart of New Orleans ' oldest neighborhood , the French Quarter , in New Orleans , Louisiana .
Mogiłowo ( mɔɡiˈwɔvɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nidzica , within Nidzica County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Păuliș ( Hungarian : Ópálos ) is a commune in Arad County , Romania , is situated in the contact zone of the Mureș Couloir with the Aradului Plateau and Zărand Mountains .
Bidvaz ( Persian : بيدواز‎ , also Romanized as Bīdvāz ; also known as Bīdvā ) is a village in Milanlu Rural District , in the Central District of Esfarayen County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Pandhurli is a village and a municipal council in Sinnar taluka of Nashik district in the Indian state of Maharashtra .
Tongue River Cave is a cave in the Bighorn National Forest just west of Dayton , Wyoming .
San Cristóbal de La Laguna ( commonly known as La Laguna , Spanish pronunciation : ( saŋ kɾisˈtoβal de la laˈɣuna ) ) is a city and municipality in the northern part of the island of Tenerife in the Province of Santa Cruz de Tenerife , on the Canary Islands , ( Spain ) .
Bahar ol Gharib ( Persian : بحرالغريب‎ , also Romanized as Baḩar ol Gharīb ) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran .
KYVL ( 106.3 FM ) is a radio station licensed to Eagle Point , Oregon , USA , and serving the Medford - Ashland area .
Newton Flotman is a village and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk , approximately 8 miles south of Norwich .
Langbourn is one of the 25 ancient wards of the City of London .
Charlcutt is a hamlet in the county of Wiltshire , England , 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) northwest of Calne .
Priekule Municipality ( Latvian : Priekules novads ) is a municipality in Courland , Latvia .
Safaabad ( Persian : صفااباد‎ , also Romanized as Şafāābād ) is a village in Doab Rural District , Bazoft District , Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
The Mainhardt Forest is a hill range up to 586.4 m above sea level ( NHN ) in the counties of Schwäbisch Hall and Heilbronn , Hohenlohekreis and Rems - Murr - Kreis in the German state of Baden - Württemberg .
Abergwesyn is a village in the Welsh county of Powys , in mid - Wales , at the start of the Abergwesyn valley and the confluence of the Afon Irfon and the Afon Gwesyn and is 52 miles ( 83 km ) from Cardiff and 158 miles ( 254 km ) from London .
Roșiorii de Vede ( Romanian pronunciation : ( roʃiˌorij de ˈvede ) ; sometimes Roșiori de Vede or , in old versions , Rușii de Vede ) is a city in Teleorman County , Romania .
Hope Park was an 18th and 19th - century plantation in Fairfax County in the U.S. state of Virginia .
Lake Braddock Secondary School in Burke , Virginia , United States , administered by Fairfax County Public Schools ( FCPS ) , is one of three 7 - 12 secondary schools in Fairfax County ; the other two are Hayfield SS and Robinson SS .
The Downtown Norwich Historic District is a historic district representing the core of the downtown area of the city of Norwich , Connecticut in the United States .
Waccamaw High School ( WHS ) is one of four schools that are encompassed in the Waccamaw school family on the Waccamaw Neck of Georgetown County , South Carolina .
The Arsenal Project of Watertown ( formerly known as Arsenal Mall ) is a small enclosed shopping mall located at 500 Arsenal Street in Watertown , Massachusetts .
Birmingham International Raceway , ( BIR ) ( formerly Fairgrounds Raceway , Birmingham Super Speedway , Birmingham Super Raceway and Birmingham International Speedway ) was a 5/8-mile oval paved racetrack located at the Alabama State Fairgrounds in the Five Points West neighborhood of Birmingham , Alabama .
Piz Gren ( also known as Schwarzhorn ) is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps , located between Tenigerbad and Lumbrein in the canton of Graubünden .
The Stephen Beech Cleveland House , also known as The Lodge , is a historic house in Suggsville , Clarke County , Alabama .
Ostrowieczno ( ɔstrɔˈvjɛt͡ʂnɔ ) ( German : Seeweiler ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dolsk , within Śrem County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
WWGY , branded as Froggy 95 , is a country music formatted radio station in Grove City , Pennsylvania .
Krzan ( ( kʂan ) ; German : Rettig ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościan , within Kościan County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Jewish Museum of Belgium ( French : Musée juif de Belgique , Dutch : Joods Museum van België ) is a museum in Brussels , Belgium , focusing on the history of the Jews in Belgium .
The Goldfield Hills is a mountain range in Esmeralda County , Nevada , south of the mining district and town of Goldfield , in the Great Basin .
Dauberville Bridge was a historic concrete arch bridge spanning the Schuylkill River between Centre Township and Ontelaunee Township in Berks County , Pennsylvania .
Firuzeh County ( Persian : شهرستان فیروزه‎ ) is a county in Razavi Khorasan Province in Iran .
The Lower Blackburn Grade Bridge , also named the Van Duzen River Bridge or Mile 18 Bridge , is a 258-foot - long ( 79 m ) reinforced concrete through arch with a main span approximately 150 feet ( 46 m ) over the Van Duzen River about 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) east of Bridgeville , California .
Donatyre is a village in the district of Avenches of the Canton of Vaud , Switzerland .
Mayflower Manor Apartments is a high rise residential building in Akron , Ohio , United States .
Nashki ( Persian : ناشكي‎ , also Romanized as Nāshkī ) is a village in Gowharan Rural District , Gowharan District , Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Rzadka Wola ( ˈʐatka ˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Ellisville Harbor State Park is a Massachusetts state park located in the village of Ellisville in Plymouth .
Schloss Veldenz in the Moselle valley region is a castle ruin about 1.5 km southeast of the village of Veldenz in the German state of Rhineland - Palatinate .
Spengler Bridge , named after Henry Cones Spengler ( 26 Feb 1847 - 25 Aug 1911 ) , Chatham County Highway Commissioner , is a historic Pratt Truss bridge located at Chatham in Columbia County , New York .
Trematon is a village in Cornwall , England , about two miles ( 3 km ) from the town of Saltash and part of the civil parish of St Stephens - by - Saltash .
Carlingwood Mall ( or also called Carlingwood Shopping Centre ) is a major mall located in the west end of the city of Ottawa , Ontario .
Pelican Stadium , originally known as Heinemann Park ( 1915 - 1937 ) , was a sports stadium in New Orleans , Louisiana from 1915 - 1957 .
Tomesorkh ( Persian : تم سرخ‎ ) is a village in Sorkh Qaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Jamal Lak ( Persian : جمال لك‎ , also Romanized as Jamāl Lak ) is a village in Gughar Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Nabi Sufi ( Persian : نبي صوفي‎ , also Romanized as Nabī Şūfī ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Markazi Rural District , in the Central District of Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Methuen Mall was a single - story shopping mall in Methuen , Massachusetts .
West Sumatra ( Indonesian : Sumatera Barat , abbreviated to Sumbar ) is a province of Indonesia .
Greenhill Lane is a hamlet near the town of Alfreton , Derbyshire , England , located between the villages of Leabrooks and Riddings .
Memleben Abbey ( German : Kloster Memleben , Reichskloster Memleben ) was a Benedictine monastery , now ruined , on the Unstrut in Memleben , in the Burgenlandkreis near Nebra in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
Tall Bumeh ( Persian : تل بومه‎ , also Romanized as Tall Būmeh , Tal Būmeh , and Tall - e Būmeh ; also known as Tel Būma and Zūair ) is a village in Mollasani Rural District , in the Central District of Bavi County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Kłosowo - Piekło ( kwɔˈsɔvɔ ˈpjɛkwɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Przodkowo , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Nowe Kiejkuty ( ˈnɔvɛ kʲɛi̯ˈkutɨ ) ( German : Neu Keykuth ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dźwierzuty , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Skypark Airport ( IATA : BTF , ICAO : KBTF , FAA LID : BTF ) is a public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) southwest of the central business district of Bountiful , a city in Davis County , Utah , United States .
Darnhall is a civil parish and small village to the south west of Winsford in the Borough of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire in England .
The Bagdad Bypass is a proposed bypass of the Midland Highway , through Bagdad , Tasmania .
Vittskövle Church ( Swedish : Vittskövle kyrka , Danish : Vidskøvle kirke ) is a church in Kristianstad Municipality , in Skåne , Sweden .
Chintapalle or Chintapalli is a village and a Mandal in Visakhapatnam district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
Pope 's Flat ( sometimes called Pope 's Island ) is the second largest of the four islands owned by Stratford , Connecticut in the Housatonic River between I-95 and the Merritt Parkway .
Cwmann is a small village in Wales near Lampeter , just on the Ceredigion border with Carmarthenshire .
Řepiště ( Polish : Rzepiszcze ) is a village in Frýdek - Místek District , Moravian - Silesian Region , Czech Republic .
The Morgan County School District is a public school district in Morgan County , Georgia , USA , based in Madison .
Chisago Lakes High School , located in Lindström , Minnesota , serves more than 1,100 students in grades 9 - 12 .
Świętochy ( ɕfjɛnˈtɔxɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Lanier Library Association is a subscription library in Tryon , North Carolina .
Pacific Coliseum is an indoor arena located at Hastings Park in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
The Gould Street Generating Station is a 100 MW electric generating plant operated by Exelon that is located on Gould Street in south Baltimore , Maryland .
The Ulysses S. Grant Home in Galena , Illinois is the former home of Ulysses S. Grant , the Civil War general and later 18th President of the United States .
Galesh - e Musha ( Persian : گالش موشا‎ , also Romanized as Gālesh - e Mūshā ) is a village in Malfejan Rural District , in the Central District of Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Klimaszewnica ( klimaʂɛvˈnit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziłów , within Grajewo County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Szklanów ( ˈʂklanuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica , within Busko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Apodaca Provincial Park is a provincial park located on the central eastern shoreline of Bowen Island , British Columbia , Canada .
Stanton College Preparatory School is an academically renowned public high school in Jacksonville , Florida .
Andarman ( Persian : اندرمان‎ , also Romanized as Andarmān and Andarmūn ; also known as Andarhān ) is a village in Azimiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Rey County , Tehran Province , Iran .
The Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum , often referred to as The Guggenheim , is an art museum located at 1071 Fifth Avenue on the corner of East 89th Street in the Upper East Side neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City .
Borqeban ( Persian : برقبان‎ , also Romanized as Borqebān , Barqebān , Borghebān , and Borqbān ; also known as Bargheyān , Barghīān , Barqabeh , Boroghbeh , Tabailak , and Varqabeh ) is a village in Tabas Rural District , in the Central District of Khoshab County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Laekvere Parish ( Estonian : Laekvere vald ) is a rural municipality of Estonia , in Lääne - Viru County .
Nowe Boksze ( ˈnɔvɛ ˈbɔkʂɛ ) , is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnopol , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Lincoln - Sudbury Regional High School ( LSRHS or L - S ) is a public regional high school located in Sudbury , Massachusetts serving the communities of Sudbury and Lincoln , Massachusetts .
WYNU ( 92.3 FM ) , known as `` U92 '' , is a classic hits formatted radio station based in Milan , Tennessee .
Lake Moultrie is the third largest lake in South Carolina covering over 60,000 acres ( 240 km2 ) .
The Place d'Youville in Old Montreal is a historical square in Montreal , named after Marguerite d'Youville .
Yau Tsim Mong District ( simplified Chinese : 油尖旺区 ; traditional Chinese : 油尖旺區 ; pinyin : Yóujiānwàng Qū , Jyutping : jau4 zim1 wong6 keoi1 ) is one of 18 districts of Hong Kong , located on the western part of Kowloon Peninsula .
Qeychidar ( Persian : قيچي در‎ , also Romanized as Qeychīdar ; also known as Keychī Dār and Kichidār ) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District , Razaviyeh District , Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Newburyport Harbor Rear Range Light is a historic lighthouse at 61½ Water St. near the Merrimack River in Newburyport , Massachusetts .
Greeley Union Pacific Railroad Depot located at 902 7th Avenue , Greeley , Colorado is a former railway station for the Union Pacific Railway .
Dolní Vilímeč ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈdolɲiː ˈvɪliːmɛtʃ ) ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
The Eiteljorg Museum of American Indians and Western Art is located in downtown Indianapolis , Indiana , and houses an extensive collection of Native American art , as well as Western American paintings and sculptures collected by businessman and philanthropist Harrison Eiteljorg ( 1903 - -1997 ) .
Bower Fold is a football stadium in Stalybridge , Greater Manchester , England and is the home ground of Stalybridge Celtic .
Fresno Pacific Towers , originally the Pacific Southwest Building and later known as the Security Bank Building is a 15-story , 67 m ( 220 ft ) high - rise completed in 1925 in downtown Fresno , California .
Zir Ahak ( Persian : زيراهك‎ , also Romanized as Zīr Āhak ; also known as Zāyer , Zīrak , Zīrehak , Zīrehat , Zīreh Hak , Zirhak , and Zīr Rāh ) is a village in Bu ol Kheyr Rural District , Delvar District , Tangestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Elżbietowo ( ɛlʐbjɛˈtɔvɔ ) ( German : Elisenhof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żukowo , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Minneapolis Sculpture Garden is an 11-acre ( 4.5 ha ) park in Minneapolis , Minnesota , in the United States .
Moore River National Park is a national park in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia , 95 km north of Perth .
Fair Haven Union Cemetery , located at 149 Grand Ave . , covers 7 acres ( 28,000 m2 ) in the neighborhood of Fair Haven , Connecticut .
The Third County Courthouse is an 1837 Greek Revival building at 302 Center Street in Historic Richmond Town , near the center of Staten Island , New York .
Badichowdi is one of the best - known commercial suburbs in Hyderabad , the capital city of Telangana , India .
Southoe and Midloe is a small civil parish in Cambridgeshire , England .
The Museum of Indian Arts and Culture / Laboratory of Anthropology is a museum of Native American art and culture located in Santa Fe , New Mexico .
Góry Prusinowskie ( ˈɡurɨ pruɕiˈnɔfskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szadek , within Zduńska Wola County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Debaghi Nemati ( Persian : دباغي نعمتي‎ , also Romanized as Debāghī Ne``matī ) is a village in Jolgah Rural District , in the Central District of Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Aviva Centre , formerly Rexall Centre , is a tennis stadium in Toronto , Ontario .
The Portland Hotel ( or Hotel Portland ) was a late-19th - century hotel in Portland , Oregon , United States that once occupied the city block on which Pioneer Courthouse Square now stands .
Älvdalen Municipality ( Älvdalens kommun ) is a municipality in Dalarna County in central Sweden .
Kamfiruz - e Shomali Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كامفيروزشمالي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Kamfiruz District , Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran .
Lake Weir is a fresh water lake located in southern Marion County , Florida .
Tarkhas ( Persian : ترخاص‎ , also Romanized as Tarkhāş ) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District , in the Central District of Khoshab County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Road Commission Airport ( FAA LID : 0Z2 ) , also known as Road Commission Nr 1 Airport , is a public - use airport located three nautical miles ( 4 mi , 6 km ) south of the central business district of Denali , in the Matanuska - Susitna Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska .
The Peak Tower ( Chinese : 凌霄閣 ) is a leisure and shopping complex located at Victoria Gap , near the summit of Victoria Peak on Hong Kong Island , Hong Kong .
The Kurt Vonnegut Memorial Library is dedicated to championing the literary , artistic and cultural contributions of the late writer , artist and Indianapolis native Kurt Vonnegut , Jr ..
Meigu County ( Chinese : 美姑县 ; pinyin : Měigū Xiàn ) is a part of the Liangshan Yi Autonomous Prefecture .
The Nellis Solar Power Plant is a 14-megawatt ( MW ) photovoltaic power station located within Nellis Air Force Base in Clark County , Nevada , northeast of Las Vegas .
Niewodowo ( ɲevɔˈdɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątnica , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Byers Peak Wilderness is a U.S. Wilderness Area located in Arapaho National Forest in north central Colorado .
The Church of Saint - Denys de la Chapelle is a church of the 18th arrondissement of Paris .
Abbots Deuglie is a hamlet in the Scottish region of Perth and Kinross , Scotland .
Mian Bisheh ( Persian : ميان بيشه‎ , also Romanized as Mīān Bīsheh ; also known as Men Bīsheh ) is a village in Seydun - e Shomali Rural District , Seydun District , Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Peckforton is a scattered settlement ( centred at SJ538564 ) and civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire East and the ceremonial county of Cheshire , England .
The Workingman 's Savings Bank & Trust Co. Building , located at 800 East Ohio Street in the East Allegheny neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , was built in 1901 .
Kandeh Sorkh ( Persian : كنده سرخ‎ ) is a village in Satar Rural District , Kolyai District , Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Golil ( Persian : گليل‎ , also Romanized as Golīl ) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Christelijk Gymnasium Sorghvliet , or in short Sorghvliet , is an independent protestant gymnasium in The Hague .
Madhugiri is a Taluk headquarters in Tumkur district in the Indian state of Karnataka .
Minkowce ( miŋˈkɔft͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Maulasar is a village and block in Didwana tehsil of Nagaur district in Rajasthan .
Between Towns Road is a major road in the area of Cowley , in the city of Oxford , England .
The Noisy - Diobsud Wilderness is a relatively small wilderness area in northwestern Washington state adjacent to North Cascades National Park .
Chrystal Water and Power Company - Spencer Water and Ice Company , also known as Spencer Ice Plant , is a historic power station and ice manufacturing plant located at Spencer , Roane County , West Virginia .
Fort Glover was a fort that existed from 1775 to 1776 , 1813 - 1815 , 1863 - 1865 , and 1898 in Marblehead , Massachusetts .
Champlain Place ( French : Place Champlain ) , also known as Champlain Mall and branded as CF Champlain , is a shopping centre located in Dieppe , New Brunswick , Canada .
Cheshmeh - ye Shirin Rashnow ( Persian : چشمه شيرين رشنو‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh - ye Shīrīn Rashnow ; also known as Cheshmeh Shīrīn ) is a village in Murmuri Rural District , Kalat District , Abdanan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Wenhaston is a small village of 818 people ( 2001 ) situated to the south of the River Blyth in northeastern Suffolk , England .
Allahabad - e Mostowfi ( Persian : الله ابادمستوفي‎ , also Romanized as Allāhābād - e Mostowfī ; also known as Allāhābād ) is a village in Borj - e Akram Rural District , in the Central District of Fahraj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Upper Bush is a hamlet in the parish of Cuxton , in the unitary authority of Medway , in Kent , England .
The North East Land Sea Air Museums , formerly the North East Aircraft Museum is a volunteer - run aviation museum situated on the site of the former RAF Usworth / Sunderland Airport , between Washington and Sunderland , England .
The Cripple Creek & Victor Gold Mine , formerly and historically the Cresson Mine , is an active gold mine located near the town of Victor , in the Cripple Creek mining district in the US state of Colorado .
The Eli and Edythe L. Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard ( /ˈbroʊd/ ) , often referred to as the Broad Institute , is a biomedical and genomic research center located in Cambridge , Massachusetts , United States .
The Harraseeket Historic District encompasses some of the oldest maritime village areas of the town of Freeport , Maine .
The Parker Valley is located along the Lower Colorado River within the Lower Colorado River Valley region , in southwestern Arizona and southeastern California .
LFF Stadium ( Lithuanian Football Federation stadium , Lithuanian : LFF stadionas ) , formerly known as Vėtra Stadium , is a football stadium in Vilnius , Lithuania .
Oldfields also known as Lilly House and Gardens , is a 26 acre historic estate and house museum on the grounds of the Indianapolis Museum of Art in Indianapolis , Indiana , United States .
Ruyang County ( Chinese : 汝阳县 ; pinyin : Rǔyáng Xiàn ) is a county in the Henan province of central China , under the jurisdiction of the city of Luoyang .
The Château Woolsack or Château de Woolsack or The Woolsack is a former hunting lodge located in the commune of Mimizan in the department of Landes in the Aquitaine region of south - western France .
Skibo Castle ( Scottish Gaelic : Caisteal Sgìobail ) is located to the west of Dornoch in the Highland county of Sutherland , Scotland overlooking the Dornoch Firth .
The Hopi Reservation , or simply Hopi , is a Native American reservation for the Hopi and Arizona Tewa people , surrounded entirely by the Navajo Nation , in Navajo and Coconino counties of Arizona , USA .
The Loomis Chaffee School ( LC or Loomis ) is a college preparatory school for boarding and day students grades 9 - -12 , including postgraduates , located in Windsor , Connecticut .
Abiel Smith School , founded in 1835 , is a school located at 46 Joy Street in Boston , Massachusetts , United States , adjacent to the African Meeting House .
Smętowice ( smɛntɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Marienhof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołbaskowo , within Police County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
The Sanctuary of Atotonilco ( Spanish : Santuario de Atotonilco ( atotoˈnilko ) ) is a church complex and a World Heritage Site , designated along with nearby San Miguel de Allende , Guanajuato , Mexico .
Altario is a hamlet in east - central Alberta , Canada within Special Area No . 4 .
Selsdon Wood is a woodland area located in the London Borough of Croydon .
Vijayawada ( Lok Sabha constituency ) is one of the 25 Lok Sabha constituencies of Andhra Pradesh in India .
Chłaniów ( ˈxwaɲuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żółkiewka , within Krasnystaw County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The ONE is a shopping centre in Tsim Sha Tsui , Kowloon , Hong Kong .
Le Touquet - Paris - Plage ( pronounced : ( lə tu.kɛː pa.ʁi plaʒ ) ) , commonly referred to as Le Touquet , is a commune near Boulogne - sur - Mer , in the Pas - de - Calais department in northern France .
Paprocin ( paˈprɔt͡ɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sompolno , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Portgordon , or sometimes Port Gordon , ( Scottish Gaelic : Port Ghòrdain ) is a village in Moray , Scotland , 2 km south - west of Buckie .
The Branch River , a watercourse of the Great Lakes system , is located in the Mid North Coast and Upper Hunter regions of New South Wales , Australia .
Marshall Army Airfield ( MAAF ) ( IATA : FRI , ICAO : KFRI ) is a military airfield located on Fort Riley , Kansas .
Verneukpan is a widespread dry salt pan south of Kenhardt , between Swartkop and Diemansput in the Northern Cape , South Africa .
Cheppanool is a small village in the Panchayat of Kurumathur , in Kannur district in the Indian state of Kerala In the area of Cheppanool there is a library and also a Reshan kada . Taliparamba taluk .
Michalinek ( mixaˈlinɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Pulham Market and its sister village Pulham St Mary are situated approximately 9 miles ( 14.5 kilometres ) north of Diss in Norfolk , England .
Moracz ( ˈmɔrat͡ʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przybiernów , within Goleniów County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Theresienwiese is an open space in the Munich borough of Ludwigsvorstadt - Isarvorstadt .
The Nationaal beek- en esdorpenlandschap Drentsche Aa is a national park located in the Dutch province of Drenthe on the west side of the Hondsrug .
Deh Now - e Derakhti ( Persian : ده نودرختي‎ , also Romanized as Deh Now - e Derakhtī and Deh Now Derakhtī ; also known as Deh Now and Deh Now - e Vakīlābād ) is a village in Posht Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Narmashir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Deh - e Sardi ( Persian : ده ساردي‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Sārdī ; also known as Darsārdi and Dasārdi ) is a village in Khenaman Rural District , in the Central District of Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Zabiele - Pikuły ( zaˈbjɛlɛ piˈkuwɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty - Pianki , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Miłoradzice ( miwɔraˈd͡ʑit͡sɛ ) ( German : Mühlrädlitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubin , within Lubin County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Stinking River is a short tributary of the Banister River in southern Virginia in the United States .
Metro Central Heights is a group of residential buildings in the London Borough of Southwark .
Boneh - ye Ati ( Persian : بنه عاطي‎ , also Romanized as Boneh - ye `` Āţī ; also known as `` Āţī ) is a village in Kheybar Rural District , Choghamish District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 182 , in 33 families .
Moja Wola ( ˈmɔja ˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośnie , within Ostrów Wielkopolski County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Fengmuqiao Township ( simplified Chinese : 枫木桥乡 ; traditional Chinese : 楓木橋鄉 ; pinyin : Fēngmùqiáo Xiāng ) is a rural township in Ningxiang County , Changsha City , Hunan Province , China .
Waen is a sparsely populated community in the Vale of Clwyd , in the Welsh county of Denbighshire .
Boqeh - ye Do ( Persian : بقعه دو‎ , also Romanized as Boq``eh - ye Do ) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District , in the Central District of Ramhormoz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 146 , in 24 families .
Palmer Home is a historic home for the aged located at Dover , Kent County , Delaware .
Mystic Dunes Golf Club is a resort style golf course in Celebration , Florida designed by Gary Koch .
Toynton St Peter is a village and civil parish in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire , England , approximately 2 miles ( 3 km ) south from the town of Spilsby .
Adambakkam is a neighbourhood in Chennai , a city located on the east coast of South India .
Searles Valley is a valley in the northern Mojave Desert of California , with the northern half in Inyo County and the southern half in San Bernardino County , California , United States .
Queens Gateway to Health Sciences Secondary School is a school in the borough of Queens , New York which places emphasis on the health sciences .
Mount Brett is located in the Massive Range of Alberta , Canada
Back Creek Presbyterian Church and Cemetery is a historic Presbyterian church and cemetery in Mount Ulla , North Carolina currently affiliated with the Presbyterian Church in America ( PCA ) .
Prestonwood Baptist Church , in Plano , Texas , is one of the largest and fastest - growing megachurches in North America according to a 2012 Outreach Magazine survey .
Mandanak ( Persian : مندانك‎ , also Romanized as Mandānak ) is a village in Abali Rural District , Rudehen District , Damavand County , Tehran Province , Iran .
The Stokes County Courthouse in Danbury , North Carolina was designed by Wheeler & Runge in Classical Revival and Beaux Arts styles .
Kierpnik ( ˈkʲɛrpnik ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mirosławiec , within Wałcz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Deh - e Khadar ( Persian : ده خدر‎ ) is a village in Gevar Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Cedartown High School ( also known as the Cedartown Bulldogs or CHS ) is the only high school in Cedartown , Georgia .
MacDougall Hospital was a U.S. Army military hospital located at Fort Schuyler in New York City before and during the American Civil War .
Bengar Kola ( Persian : بنگركلا‎ , also Romanized as Bengar Kolā ) is a village in Gatab - e Shomali Rural District , Gatab District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Gideon Wickersham Farmstead , also known as `` Hame 's Best , '' is a historic home located near Kennett Square , East Marlborough Township , Chester County , Pennsylvania .
Vrljaj ( Cyrillic : Врљај ) is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Bagatele ( baɡaˈtɛlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsewo , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Punahou Circle apartments is a 12-story apartment building at 1617 S. Beretania Street in the Makiki neighborhood of Honolulu , Hawaii .
Evangeline Downs Racetrack & Casino is a racetrack in St. Landry Parish , Louisiana , just east of Opelousas .
Sarapady is a small village in Karnataka State , India on the banks of the Nethravathi river in the Bantwal taluk , Dakshina Kannada District .
Mikailabad ( Persian : ميكاييل اباد‎ , also Romanized as Mīkā’īlābād ; also known as Maghlehveh , Maglava , Mekā’īlābād , and Miglyava ) is a village in Sanjabad - e Jonubi Rural District , Firuz District , Kowsar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Lac Qui Parle County Courthouse , located at 600 6th Street in Madison , Lac Qui Parle County in the U.S. state of Minnesota is a Richardsonian Romanesque style building featuring a high central tower , built in 1899 at a cost of $ 30,689 .
Buttrills is a northwestern - central district of Barry in the Vale of Glamorgan , in south Wales .
Bearsted ( /ˈbɛərstɛd/ BAIR - sted or traditionally /ˈbərstɛd/ BER - sted ) is a village and civil parish with railway station in mid - Kent , two miles ( 3.2 km ) east of Maidstone town centre .
CFJW - FM is an emergency alert radio station that operates at 93.7 FM in Chapleau , Ontario , Canada .
Niagara Falls International Airport ( IATA : IAG , ICAO : KIAG , FAA LID : IAG ) is 4 mi ( 6.4 km ) east of downtown Niagara Falls , in Niagara County , New York .
Pludwiny ( pludˈvinɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryków , within Zgierz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Mokalsar is a village in Siwana tehsil of Barmer district in Indian state of Rajasthan , located on RJ SH 38 .
Marine Corps Logistics Base Barstow is a United States Marine Corps supply and maintenance installation located in the Mojave Desert east of Barstow , in San Bernardino County , Southern California .
Baltimore Hebrew Congregation Synagogue , now known as Berea Temple Seventh Day Adventist Church , is a historic synagogue building located in the Madison Park neighborhood of Baltimore , Maryland , United States .
Sanasar ( सानासर ) is the name given to the two small villages of Sana and Sar in Jammu province , Jammu and Kashmir state , India .
Hazelwood Central High School is located at 15875 New Halls Ferry Road in unincorporated St. Louis County , adjacent to the current northeast boundary of Florissant , Missouri .
Big South Fork Airpark is a privately owned airpark ( also known as a fly - in community ) located in Oneida , a town in Scott County , Tennessee , United States .
The Santa Barbara Public Library is the second library in Santa Barbara , California .
Grainger Town is the historic heart of Newcastle upon Tyne , England .
Lekhnath ( Nepali : लेखनाथ नगरपालिका ) is a municipality in Kaski District in the Gandaki Zone of northern - central Nepal .
The Union County Academy for Allied Health Sciences ( UCAAHS ) is a full - time Vocational public high school , located in Scotch Plains , in Union County , New Jersey , United States .
Dragon Swamp , also known as Dragon Run , is a 36.7-mile - long ( 59.1 km ) stream in the U.S. state of Virginia , flowing through King and Queen , Essex , Middlesex , and Gloucester counties .
Palazzo Labia is a baroque palace in Venice , Italy .
Målselv ( Northern Sami : Málatvuomi suohkan ) is a municipality in Troms county , Norway .
Hesar - e Yazdan ( Persian : حصاريزدان‎ , also Romanized as Ḩeşār - e Yazdān and Ḩeşār Yazdān ) is a village in Roqicheh Rural District , Kadkan District , Torbat - e Heydarieh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Dhapasi is an upcoming and a residentially preferred village in the northern outskirts of Kathmandu District , just outside the city ring road , in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal .
Piotrówko ( pjɔˈtrufkɔ ) ( German : Petersberg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budry , within Węgorzewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
The 1890 Windermere School ( also known as the Armstrong - Parramore House ) is a historic school in Windermere , Florida , United States .
Ardens Historic District is a national historic district which encompasses the three villages of Arden , Ardentown and Ardencroft , New Castle County , Delaware .
Darreh Gerow Chong ( Persian : دره گروچنگ‎ ; also known as ' Darreh Gerow ) is a village in Ludab Rural District , Ludab District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Pir Amran ( Persian : پيرعمران‎ , also Romanized as Pīr `` Amrān ) is a village in Mir Deh Rural District , in the Central District of Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 562 , in 84 families .
Ab Dozduiyeh ( Persian : اب دزدويه‎ , also Romanized as Āb Dozdūīyeh ; also known as Ābdūzak and Āb Dūzīyeh ) is a village in Jaydasht Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran .
Politówka ( pɔliˈtufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Strasenburgh Planetarium is a public planetarium located at 663 East Avenue in the city of Rochester , New York .
Christ Church , Sparkbrook was a Church of England building in the Anglican Diocese of Birmingham .
Codville Lagoon Marine Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located on the southwest end of King Island .
Marsh Gibbon is a village and civil parish in Aylesbury Vale district in Buckinghamshire , England .
Prądzona ( prɔnˈd͡zɔna ) ( Kashubian : Prãdzonô ) is a village in Gmina Lipnica , Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Botikarlapadu is a small village near Atmakur , Nellore , Nellore district , Andhra Pradesh , India .
Niharwani ( Marathi : निहारवाणी ) is a village in Mouda tahsil of Nagpur District of Maharashtra , India .
Pa Nai ( Thai : ป่าไหน่ ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Phrao District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Whittaker Memorial Cemetery is a cemetery near Kildare , Texas .
The Alto de la Alianza is a historical monument and landmark in the south of Peru , near the city of Tacna , where a crucial battle on May 26 , 1880 took place .
Bridgeton High School is a comprehensive community public high school that serves students in ninth through twelfth grades from the city of Bridgeton , in Cumberland County , New Jersey , United States , operating as part of the Bridgeton Public Schools , an Abbott District .
Vishka Nanak ( Persian : ويشكاننك‎ , also Romanized as Vīshkā Nanak ; also known as Veshekha and Vīshkā ) is a village in Sangar Rural District , Sangar District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
St. Brides Netherwent ( Welsh : Sant - y - brid ) is a parish and largely deserted village in Monmouthshire , south east Wales .
Baggy Point is a headland in north Devon , England .
Cochrane railway station is located in the town of Cochrane in Ontario .
Pope John Paul II Park Reservation , also known as Pope Park , is a 66-acre ( 27 ha ) Massachusetts state park bordering the Neponset River in the Dorchester section of Boston .
Admirals Beach is a rural community located in Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
The Scarborough Hospital ( TSH ) is a hospital network based in Scarborough , Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Wattens is a market town of the Innsbruck - Land District in the Austrian state of Tyrol .
Arcangues ( Basque : Arrangoitze ) is a French commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine region of southwestern France in what was formerly the Basque province of Labourd .
Gowd - e Patani ( Persian : گودپتني‎ , also Romanized as Gowd - e Patanī ; also known as Gowd - e Padanī ) is a village in Dasht - e Khak Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Windsor Castle is a royal residence at Windsor in the English county of Berkshire .
Humbie is a hamlet and rural parish in East Lothian , Scotland .
Aldgate was the eastern - most gateway through the London Wall leading from the City of London to Whitechapel and the East End of London .
Buffalo Harbor South Entrance Light , also known as the South Buffalo Southside Light or Buffalo South Breakwater , South Entrance Light Station , is a lighthouse at Stony Point at the entrance to Buffalo Harbor , Buffalo , New York .
Bogunów ( bɔˈɡunuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żórawina , within Wrocław County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Zachary Taylor National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located at 4701 Brownsboro Road ( US-42 ) , in Louisville , Kentucky .
The Porcupine Mountains , or Porkies , are a group of small mountains spanning the northwestern Upper Peninsula of Michigan in Ontonagon and Gogebic counties , near the shore of Lake Superior .
Kociałkowa Górka ( kɔt͡ɕau̯ˈkɔva ˈɡurka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pobiedziska , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Hyde School is a historic Romanesque Revival school at 100 High Street in Lee , Massachusetts .
KHKA ( 1500 AM ) is a radio station located in Honolulu , Hawaii .
York Redoubt is a redoubt situated on a bluff overlooking the entrance to Halifax Harbour at Ferguson 's Cove , Nova Scotia , Canada , originally constructed in 1793 .
Long Khánh is a district - level town of Đồng Nai Province in the Southeast region of Vietnam .
Piyaro Lund is a town and union council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan , it has a population of 23,613 .
Weilheim in Oberbayern ( German : Weilheim in Oberbayern ) is a town in Germany , the capital of the district Weilheim - Schongau in the south of Bavaria .
Musevo ( Bulgarian : Мусево ) is a village in Ardino Municipality , Kardzhali Province , southern - central Bulgaria .
Loudoun Mansion is a historic house located in the Germantown neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Pir Bodagh ( Persian : پيربداغ‎ , also Romanized as Pīr Bodāgh ; also known as Pīr Bodāq and Pīr Bolāgh ) is a village in Sanjabad - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Kowsar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Loysburg Gap is a water gap where Pennsylvania Route 36 and the Yellow Creek pass through Tussey Mountain in near Loysburg in Bedford County , Pennsylvania , United States .
Chośnica ( xɔɕˈnit͡sa ) ( Kashubian : Chòsznica ) is a village in Gmina Parchowo , Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Rakeh Owlad ( Persian : راكه اولاد‎ , also Romanized as Rākeh Owlād ; also known as Rākeh ) is a village in Dehdez Rural District , Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Lookaway Hall , built from 1895 to 1898 , is an Aiken , South Carolina landmark .
Chisholm High School ( founded in 1973 ) is the second largest high school in Enid , Oklahoma , and is located in the northern part of the city .
Naras ( Persian : نرس‎ ; also known as Bālā Naras ) is a village in Do Hezar Rural District , Khorramabad District , Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Riquewihr ( German : Reichenweier ) is a commune in the Haut - Rhin department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Southaven Towne Center is an open - air regional lifestyle center located in Southaven , Mississippi .
The Patrick Henry Hotel is a Colonial Revival former hotel listed on both the National Register of Historic Places and the Virginia Landmarks Register in Downtown Roanoke , Virginia , United States .
Shalikesh Amirqoli ( Persian : شاليكش اميرقلي‎ , also Romanized as Shālīkesh Amīrqolī ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Amersfoort ( ˈaːmərsfoːrt ) is a municipality and the second largest city of the province of Utrecht in central Netherlands .
KDES - FM 98.5 is a radio station in the Palm Springs area and the Coachella Valley of Southern California .
Gettysburg Regional Airport ( IATA : GTY , FAA LID : W05 ) , formerly known as the Gettysburg Airport and Travel Center and as Doersom Airport , is a general aviation airport located two miles ( 4 km ) west of the Gettysburg , in Adams County , Pennsylvania , USA .
Toolinna Cove is a cove on the south coast of Western Australia .
The Fritz Pflaum Hut ( German : Fritz - Pflaum - Hütte ) is an Alpine club hut belonging to the Bayerland Section of the German Alpine Club , located in the Kaisergebirge mountains in the Austrian federal state of Tyrol .
Baghleq ( Persian : باغلق‎ , also Romanized as Bāghleq , Bāqlaq , and Bāqleq ) is a village in Jargalan Rural District , Raz and Jargalan District , Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Lenox District No . 4 Schoolhouse , now known as Lincoln Town Hall , is a historic school building located at Clockville in Madison County , New York .
The Château de Montbillon is a château in Saint - Sornin in the Allier départment in the Auvergne region of France .
The German Hygiene Museum ( German : Deutsches Hygiene - Museum ) is a medical museum in Dresden , Germany .
Gnatowice ( ɡnatɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniusza , within Proszowice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The VAZ-2103 is a deluxe compact sedan car ( small class , passenger car , model 3 in Soviet classification ) , produced by AvtoVAZ and introduced in 1972 .
Allan Benny ( July 12 , 1867 , Brooklyn , New York -- November 6 , 1942 , Bayonne , New Jersey ) was an American Democratic Party politician from New Jersey who represented the 9th congressional district from 1903 to 1905 .
The 107th Regiment of Foot ( Queen 's Own Royal Regiment of British Volunteers ) was an infantry regiment of the British Army from 1761 to 1763 .
Kevin J. Jacobsen ( born January 29 , 1958 ) is a United States Air Force Brigadier General who served as the Commander of the Office of Special Investigations , also known as AFOSI at HQ AFOSI located at the Russell Knox Building in Virginia .
Eugene A. Greene ( 1921 - -1942 ) was a United States Navy officer who received the Navy Cross posthumously for his actions in the Battle of Midway during World War II .
Forrest S. McCartney ( March 23 , 1931 -- July 17 , 2012 ) was a United States Air Force lieutenant general and former director of NASA 's John F. Kennedy Space Center .
Green Berry Raum ( December 3 , 1829 -- December 18 , 1909 ) was a lawyer , author , and U.S. Representative from Illinois , as well as a brigadier general in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Vernon Huber ( August 28 , 1899 -- June 17 , 1967 ) was a United States Navy Rear admiral , and the 36th Governor of American Samoa from April 22 , 1947 to June 15 , 1949 .
Brigadier - General John Frederick Hepburn - Stuart - Forbes - Trefusis DSO ( 14 January 1878 -- 24 October 1915 ) , known as ' Jack Tre ' , was a British Army officer in World War I. At the time of his death he was the youngest Brigadier - General in the British Army .
Walter P. Paluch , Jr. ( April 20 , 1927 -- March 10 , 2011 ) was a former Brigadier General in the United States Air Force .
Frank Craig Pandolfe is a Vice Admiral in the United States Navy , and currently serves as the Director , Strategic Plans and Policy , J-5 , the Joint Staff .
Frank Friday Fletcher ( November 23 , 1855 -- November 28 , 1928 ) was a United States Navy admiral who served in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
Field Marshal Henry Maitland Wilson , 1st Baron Wilson GCB , GBE , DSO ( 5 September 1881 -- 31 December 1964 ) , also known as `` Jumbo '' Wilson , was a senior British Army officer of the 20th century .
The 79th Light Anti - Aircraft Battery , also known as `` The Sparrows '' , was a Royal Artillery unit of the British Army that fought with distinction in the Battle of Britain , the Battle of Java , and the Battle of Timor .
Air Commodore Gordon Herbert Vasse CBE RAF , ( 23 April 1899 -- 26 March 1965 ) , was a fighter pilot in the First World War and a senior Royal Air Force commander during the Second World War and into the late 1940s and early 1950s .
Colonel Henry Allan Roughton May CB VD ( 23 August 1863 -- 10 April 1930 ) was a British Army officer who served as Commanding Officer ( 1912 and 1920 ) of the Artists Rifles .
Adolph Marix ( April 24 , 1848 -- 1919 ) , was a German - born American officer in the United States Navy , who served in the Spanish--
Lieutenant - General Thomas Desaguliers FRS ( 1725?--1 March 1780 ) was a British Army general and a Colonel Commandant of the Royal Artillery .
Admiral Sir Herbert Fitzherbert , KCIE , CB , CMG ( 10 August 1885 -- 30 October 1958 ) was a Royal Navy admiral who served as the third Flag Officer Commanding , Royal Indian Navy , from 1937 to 1943 .
Hunter Harris , Jr. ( November 27 , 1909 -- March 5 , 1987 ) was a United States Air Force four - star general who served as Commander in Chief , Pacific Air Forces ( CINCPACAF ) from 1964 to 1967 .
General Sir Henry Augustus Smyth ( 1825 - -1906 ) , KCMG , FSA , FRGS , was a senior British Army officer .
Admiral of the Fleet Edward Hawke , 1st Baron Hawke KB , PC ( 21 February 1705 -- 16 October 1781 ) was a Royal Navy officer .
John Taylor Wood ( August 13 , 1830 -- July 19 , 1904 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who resigned after the American Civil War started .
Blake Luttrell is a 2007 graduate of the United States Air Force Academy from Nashville , TN .
Major Joseph Childs ( 1787 - -1870 ) was a British Royal Marines officer and penal administrator ; he was commandant of the second convict settlement at Norfolk Island , from 7 February 1844 to August 1846 .
Rear - Admiral William O'Bryen Drury ( died 6 March 1811 ) was a senior officer of the British Royal Navy during the Napoleonic Wars .
Strike Fighter Squadron 27 ( VFA-27 ) , also known as the `` Royal Maces '' , are a United States Navy F / A-18E Super Hornet fighter squadron stationed at Naval Air Facility Atsugi .
Commander William Lewis Herndon ( 25 October 1813 -- 12 September 1857 ) was one of the United States Navy 's outstanding explorers and seamen .
The 3rd Shock Army ( Russian : Третья ударная армия ) was a field army of the Red Army formed during the Second World War .
Rear - Admiral Sir John Hext , KCIE ( 14 October 1842 -- 8 May 1924 ) was a British Royal Navy officer and director of the Royal Indian Marine for 15 years .
John Kennedy Barton ( April 7 , 1853 -- December 23 , 1921 ) was a Rear Admiral in the United States Navy in the late 19th century .
Augustus F. Gearhard ( April 18 , 1893 -- March 19 , 1974 ) was a Brigadier General in the United States Air Force and a Roman Catholic priest .
The Leeds Rifles was a unit of the 19th century Volunteer Force of the British Army that went on to serve under several different guises in the World Wars of the 20th century .
Wilhelm Crinius ( 2 December 1920 -- 26 April 1997 ) was a German Luftwaffe fighter ace during World War II . A flying ace or fighter ace is a military aviator credited with shooting down five or more enemy aircraft during aerial combat .
The Honourable William Henry Percy ( 24 March 1788 -- 5 October 1855 , 8 Portman Square , London , at his eldest brother 's home ) was a British Royal Navy officer and politician .
F 6 Karlsborg , Kungliga Västgöta Flygflottilj , Royal Västergötland Air Force Wing , or simply `` F 6 '' , is a former Swedish Air Force wing with the main base located near Karlsborg in south - central Sweden .
The Leicestershire Regiment ( Royal Leicestershire Regiment after 1946 ) was a line infantry regiment of the British Army , with a history going back to 1688 .
Brigadier - General George Baillie - Hamilton , Lord Binning , CB , MVO ( 24 December 1856 -- 12 January 1917 ) was a British Army officer ; he was styled `` Lord Binning '' as a courtesy title .
Sir Barrie Heath , DFC , AE ( 11 September 1916 -- 22 February 1988 ) was a World War II Royal Air Force Spitfire pilot who fought in the Battle of Britain , and was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross .
Brigadier - General Edward William David Baird CBE DL JP ( 1864 -- 8 August 1956 ) , known as Ned Baird , was a cavalry officer the in the regular British Army and the reserve Territorial Force .
Lieutenant - Colonel Francis Spring Walker CBE ( 6 January 1876 -- 24 June 1941 ) was a British Army officer .
Volant Vashon Ballard CB ( bapt . 4 January 1774 -- 12 October 1832 ) was a Rear - Admiral of the Royal Navy .
Reginald Frederick Johnson Hayward VC , MC & Bar ( 17 June 1891 -- 17 January 1978 ) was a British Army officer , and recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest military award for gallantry in the face of the enemy given to British and Commonwealth forces , during the First World War .
Milton L. Knudson ( 1923 - -1942 ) was a United States Navy sailor who received the Navy and Marine Corps Medal posthumously for his actions during World War II .
Arthur Guy Empey ( 11 December 1883 -- 22 February 1963 ) was an American soldier in the British Army in World War 1 , and an author , screenwriter , actor and movie producer .
The Prince of Wales ' Own Civil Service Rifles were an infantry regiment of the Volunteer Force and Territorial Force of the British Army from 1798 to 1921 ; they saw active service in the Boer War and World War I as part of the London Regiment .
The Royal Tank Regiment ( RTR ) is the oldest tank unit in the world , being formed by the British Army in 1916 during the Great War .
Shuldham Peard ( 1761 -- 27 December 1832 ) was an officer of the Royal Navy .
Leland Evan Thomas ( September 20 , 1918 -- September 18 , 1942 ) was a decorated United States Marine Corps Reserve pilot of World War II .
Charles Shoebridge worked in counter - terrorism with the British Army and the Metropolitan Police until he retired in 2000 .
William Holburne ( died 1 April 1760 ) ( also known as William Holborne and William Holburn ) was an officer of the Royal Navy .
Lieutenant Ralph Clark ( 30 March 1755 or 1762 -- June 1794 ) was a British officer in the Royal Marines , best known for his diary spanning the early years of British settlement in Australia , including the voyage of the First Fleet .
815 Naval Air Squadron is a squadron of the Fleet Air Arm , part of the Royal Navy .
Vice - Admiral Berwick Curtis CB CMG DSO & Bar ( 9 October 1876 -- 9 May 1965 ) was a British Royal Navy officer .
Markus Krause - Traudes ( born 27 December 1957 ) is a Flottillenadmiral ( one - star admiral ) of the German Navy , who has served as Deputy Chief of Staff , Operations , at the Multinational Joint Headquarters Ulm since April 2012 .
Johnston Blakeley also spelled Johnston Blakely ( October 1781 - October 1814 ) was an officer in the United States Navy during the Quasi - War with France and the War of 1812 .
The Omolon River ( Russian : Омолон ) is the principal tributary of the Kolyma River in northeast Siberia .
The Brentella Canal originates from the Brenta River in Limena , where the flow is regulated by a hydraulic barrier ( the `` Colmelloni '' ) , and joins the Bacchiglione just before Padua 's airport .
Yarrow River rises below Mitchell Hill , on the slopes of the Great Dividing Range , near Glencoe and flows generally north east , before reaching its confluence with the Mann River , near Oakdale and east of Glen Innes .
The Kyll ( German pronunciation : ( ˈkɪl ) ) , noted by the Roman poet Ausonius as Celbis , is a 142 km long river in western Germany ( North Rhine - Westphalia and Rhineland - Palatinate ) , left tributary of the Moselle .
The Demerara River is a river in eastern Guyana that rises in the central rainforests of the country and flows to the north for 346 kilometres until it reaches the Atlantic Ocean .
Česma is a river in central Croatia , the left tributary of the river Lonja - Trebež .
The Tarlo River rises within the Great Dividing Range , near the locality of Middle Arm east of Crookwell , and flows generally south southeast , north , and then east , joined by one minor tributary , before reaching its confluence with the Wollondilly River near Mount Penong , east of Taralga .
The Elqui River starts in the west Andes , flowing into the Pacific Ocean , crossing the Chilean city of La Serena , is a wine and pisco producing area .
The Beaurivage River is a river in Quebec that flows from Thetford Mines and empties in the Chaudière River , near Saint - Romuald , Quebec .
The Heath River , which runs from the Andes surrounding Lake Titicaca northwards to the Madre de Dios River , marks the natural border between Peru and Bolivia .
Sukhyi Estuary , or Sukhyi Liman ( Ukrainian : Сухий лиман - dried estuary ) , is on open estuary in the north - western Black Sea , near the cities of Odessa and Illichivsk , Ukraine .
The Waitaki River is a large braided river that drains the Mackenzie Basin and runs some 110 kilometres ( 68 mi ) south - east to enter the Pacific Ocean between Timaru and Oamaru on the east coast of the South Island of New Zealand .
The Moei River ( Thai : แม่น้ำเมย , rtgs : Maenam Moei , IPA : ( mɛ̂ːnáːm mɤːj ) ) is a tributary of the Salween River .
The Schipbeek is a tributary of the IJssel in the Netherlands and a continuation of the Buurserbeek .
The Ljubljanica rises south of the town of Vrhnika and outflows in the Sava River about 10 kilometres ( 6.2 mi ) downstream from Ljubljana .
Downstream from the Rodríguez Dam water flows through Tijuana in a concrete channel to the international border , there it continues west through the Tijuana River Valley for a distance of about nine miles to the estuary and then to the Pacific Ocean .
The Alabama River has three lock and dams between Montgomery and the Mobile River .
The Moche River is one of the rivers of the Pacific Ocean slope , located in the northern coast of Peru , in La Libertad Region .
The Yakima River is a tributary of the Columbia River in south central and eastern Washington state , named for the indigenous Yakama people .
The Besbre is a river in central France , left tributary of the river Loire .
Pocomoke Sound is a bay of the Chesapeake Bay that forms part of the boundary between the Eastern Shores of Maryland and Virginia .
The Ballyfinboy River rises close to Moneygall in County Offaly , Ireland and flows in a generally northwesterly direction into Lough Derg at Drominagh .
The Soła ( Polish : ( ˈsɔwa ) ) is a river in southern Poland , a right tributary of the Vistula .
At the exit of the `` Hinterau Valley '' the Gleirschbach merges with the Isar .
The Pranburi River originates in southern part of the Kaeng Krachan National Park in the Tenasserim Hills and after 130 kilometres ( 81 mi ) empties into the Gulf of Thailand .
The Aigues , Aigue , Aygues or Eygues is a French river , a tributary of the Rhône .
The Jooriland River rises in Bindook Highlands on the eastern slopes of the Great Dividing Range below Mount Egan west of the Yerranderie State Conservation Area , and flows in a meandering course generally east , joined by one minor tributary , before reaching its confluence with the Wollondilly River west of the Nattai Tableland upstream of Lake Burragorang .
The Angora rabbit ( Turkish : Ankara tavşanı ) is a variety of domestic rabbit bred for its long , soft wool .
The Clark cell , invented by English engineer Josiah Latimer Clark in 1873 , is a wet - chemical cell ( colloquially : battery ) that produces a highly stable voltage .
Loire - Atlantique ( French pronunciation : ​(lwa.ʁat.lɑ̃.tik ) ; formerly Loire - Inférieure ) is a department on the west coast of France named after the Loire River and the Atlantic Ocean .
To avoid the appearance of nepotism as the nephew of Francis Ford Coppola , he changed his name early in his career to Nicolas Cage , inspired in part by the Marvel Comics superhero Luke Cage .
The International Gandhi Peace Prize , named after Mahatma Gandhi , is awarded annually by the Government of India .
Lac de Lessoc is a reservoir on the Saane / Sarine river between Lessoc and Montbovon in the Canton of Fribourg , Switzerland .
In mathematics , a Killing vector field ( often just Killing field ) , named after Wilhelm Killing , is a vector field on a Riemannian manifold ( or pseudo - Riemannian manifold ) that preserves the metric .
The Rosenhan experiment was a famous experiment done in order to determine the validity of psychiatric diagnosis , conducted by psychologist David Rosenhan ( November 22 , 1929 -- February 6 , 2012 ) , a Stanford University professor , and published by the journal Science in 1973 under the title `` On being sane in insane places '' .
The Li Ka Shing Foundation ( 李嘉誠基金會 ) is a Hong Kong - based charitable organization founded in 1980 by Hong Kong entrepreneur Li Ka - shing .
The name Mecanoo is a combination of three different words : the British model construction kit Meccano , the neoplasticist magazine Mécano drawn up by Theo van Doesburg and the motto ' Ozoo ' , adopted by the original founding members for the Kruisplein competition entry which was located in the area of Rotterdam 's former zoo .
Menelaus ' theorem , named for Menelaus of Alexandria , is a theorem about triangles in plane geometry .
Hamburg - Köln - Express GmbH ( HKX ) is a Cologne - based open - access train operating company providing long - distance railway passenger services in Germany .
The Ulbricht Doctrine , named after East German leader Walter Ulbricht , was the assertion that normal diplomatic relations between East Germany and West Germany could occur only if both states fully recognised each other 's sovereignty .
The 9K35 Strela-10 ( Russian : 9К35 `` Стрела-10 '' ; English : arrow ) is a highly mobile , visually aimed , optical / infrared - guided , low - altitude , short - range surface - to - air missile system .
Playfairite is a very rare sulfosalt mineral with chemical formula Pb16Sb18S43 in the monoclinic crystal system , named after the Scottish scientist and mathematician John Playfair .
Riesz spaces are named after Frigyes Riesz who first defined them in his 1928 paper Sur la décomposition des opérations fonctionelles linéaires .
Alatri Cathedral , otherwise the Basilica of Saint Paul ( Italian : Duomo di Alatri ; Basilica concattedrale di San Paolo apostolo ) is the principal church ( duomo ) of Alatri , Lazio , Italy , dedicated to Saint Paul .
Thomsen 's theorem , named after Gerhard Thomsen , is a theorem in elementary geometry .
WBUR - FM ( 90.9 FM ) is a public radio station located in Boston , Massachusetts , owned by Boston University .
Djurleite was named for the Swedish chemist Seved Djurle ( 1928 - -2000 ) , from the University of Uppsala , Sweden , who first synthesized the mineral in 1958 , prior to its discovery in nature .
The Buffett Rule is named after American investor Warren Buffett , who publicly stated in early 2011 that he believed it was wrong that rich people , like himself , could pay less in federal taxes , as a portion of income , than the middle class , and voiced support for increased income taxes on the wealthy .
A Hilbert curve ( also known as a Hilbert space - filling curve ) is a continuous fractal space - filling curve first described by the German mathematician David Hilbert in 1891 , as a variant of the space - filling Peano curves discovered by Giuseppe Peano in 1890 .
Thatcherism describes the conviction politics , economic , social policy , and political style of the British Conservative politician Margaret Thatcher , who was leader of her party from 1975 to 1990 .
The Kaplan Foundation is a foundation dedicated to the scholarship and preservation of the music of Gustav Mahler set up by amateur conductor and businessman Gilbert Kaplan .
In Lie theory and representation theory , the Levi decomposition , conjectured by Killing and Cartan and proved by Eugenio Elia Levi ( 1905 ) , states that any finite - dimensional real Lie algebra g is the semidirect product of a solvable ideal and a semisimple subalgebra .
The Clara database is a database named after Clara Peeters that is operated by the National Museum of Women in the Arts .
Tiffany Blue is the colloquial name for the light medium robin egg blue color associated with Tiffany & Co. , the New York City jewelry company .
Nova Friburgo ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈnɔvɐ fɾiˈbuʁɡu ) , German : Neufreiburg , English : New Fribourg ) is a municipality in the state of Rio de Janeiro in southeastern Brazil .
The Bemaraha woolly lemur ( Avahi cleesei ) , also known as Cleese 's woolly lemur , is a species of woolly lemur native to western Madagascar , named after John Cleese .
In mathematics , an Adams operation , denoted ψk for natural numbers k , is a cohomology operation in topological K - theory , or any allied operation in algebraic K - theory or other types of algebraic construction , defined on a pattern introduced by Frank Adams .
The Thompson shell is the first Unix shell , introduced in the first version of Unix in 1971 , and was written by Ken Thompson .
The band called themselves Rammstein - Flugschau ( Rammstein Airshow ) after the 1988 Ramstein air show disaster .
A Rogowski coil , named after Walter Rogowski , is an electrical device for measuring alternating current ( AC ) or high speed current pulses .
The originally anonymous area became Széll Kálmán tér ( Széll Kálmán Square ) in 1929 , named after the Hungarian prime minister Kálmán Széll .
The Berwick Prize and Senior Berwick Prize are two prizes of the London Mathematical Society awarded in alternating years in memory of William Edward Hodgson Berwick , a previous Vice - President of the LMS .
Dancing Lion is a 2007 Hong Kong comedy film directed by and starring Francis Ng .
Katarina Barley ( * 19 . November 1968 in Cologne ) is a German lawyer , politician and member of the 18th German Bundestag .
Cees Nooteboom ( Dutch pronunciation : ( seːs noːtəboːm ) ; born 31 July 1933 ) is a Dutch novelist , poet , and journalist .
Henry Gréville ( 12 October 1842 in Paris -- 1902 ) , pen name for Mrs. Alice Durand , born Fleury , was a French writer .
Otto Bernhardt ( born 13 February 1942 in Rendsburg ) is a German politician of the CDU .
Paul Éluard ( French pronunciation : ​(elɥar ) ) , born Eugène Émile Paul Grindel ( ( ɡʁɛ̃dɛl ) ; 14 December 1895 -- 18 November 1952 ) , was a French poet and one of the founders of the surrealist movement .
André Damien ( born 10 July 1930 at Paris ) is an eminent lawyer and politician , who was formerly head of the French Bar Association .
Bernard Carayon ( born 1 October 1957 ) was a member of the French parliament .
Mathurin Régnier ( December 21 , 1573 -- October 22 , 1613 ) was a French satirist .
Jacques Chaban - Delmas (; 7 March 1915 -- 10 November 2000 ) was a French Gaullist politician .
Pierre Corneille (; 6 June 1606 -- 1 October 1684 ) was a French tragedian .
Yvon Delbos ( 7 May 1885 -- 15 November 1956 ) was a French Radical - Socialist Party politician and minister .
Jacques Élie Henri Ambroise Ner ( 7 December 1861 -- February 6 , 1938 ) , also known by the pseudonym Han Ryner , was a French individualist anarchist philosopher and activist and a novelist .
Abbé François Blanchet ( 26 January 1707 -- 29 January 1784 ) was a French littérateur , or Intellectual .
Jacques Marie Boutet ( 25 March 1745 -- 13 February 1812 ) was a French actor and comic dramatist from Lunéville .
Paracelsus ( /ˌpærəˈsɛlsəs/ ; late 1493 -- September 24 , 1541 ) , born Philippus Aureolus Theophrastus Bombastus von Hohenheim , was a Swiss German philosopher , physician , botanist , astrologer , and general occultist .
Robert Lehr ( 20 August 1883 in Celle -- 13 October 1956 in Düsseldorf ) was a German politician ( DNVP , CDU ) .
Paul Andréota ( born 11 December 1917 in La Rochelle , France - died 14 November 2007 in La Rochelle , France ) was a French novelist and screenwriter .
Edurne García Almagro ( Spanish pronunciation : ( eˈðurne ) ; born 22 December 1985 ) , known professionally as Edurne , is a Spanish singer , actress , and TV presenter .
François - Jean - Hyacinthe Feutrier ( 3 April 1785 -- 27 June 1830 ) was a French Catholic priest who became Bishop of Beauvais .
Rambhadracharya can speak 22 languages and is a spontaneous poet and writer in Sanskrit , Hindi , Awadhi , Maithili , and several other languages .
Violette Leduc ( 7 April 1907 -- 28 May 1972 ) was a French author .
Pierre Minet ( Reims 1909 - - Paris 1975 ) was a French poet and writer , whose early career is closely associated to the `` Grand Jeu '' movement and to his devotion to Roger Gilbert - Lecomte .
Alain Richard , born on 29 August 1945 , in Paris , is a French politician .
Adrienne Lecouvreur ( 5 April 1692 -- 20 March 1730 ) was a French actress , considered by many as the greatest of her time .
Jacques Attali ( French : ( ʒak atali ) ; born 1 November 1943 ) is a French economist , writer and senior civil servant .
Henri Pourrat ( 7 May 1887 in Ambert ( Puy de Dome ) -- 16 July 1959 in Ambert ) was a French writer and anthropologist who collected the oral literature of the Auvergne .
Edmond Hervé ( born 3 December 1942 ) is a French politician , a member of the Socialist Party and French senator since 2008 .
Mary Elizabeth Hawker ( 1848 - -1908 ) was an English writer of novellas and short stories .
Jean François Sarrazin ( ca . 1611 -- 5 December 1654 ) , or Sarasin , was a French writer .
Pierre Reverdy ( French : ( ʁəvɛʁdi ) ; September 13 , 1889 -- June 17 , 1960 ) was a French poet whose works were inspired by and subsequently proceeded to influence the provocative art movements of the day , Surrealism , Dadaism and Cubism .
Claude Le Coz ( 1740 - -1815 ) was a French Catholic bishop .
Annie Fratellini ( 14 November 1932 - -30 June 1997 ) was a French circus artist , clown , singer and film actress .
Jacques Garnier , also called Garnier de Saintes , was born in Saintes on 30 March 1755 , and drowned in the Ohio river in 1817 or 1818 was a French politician , a lawyer and a revolutionary .
Claude Louis Berthollet ( 9 December 1748 Talloires , France -- 6 November 1822 Arcueil , France ) was a Savoyard - French chemist who became vice president of the French Senate in 1804 .
Catherine Alric ( born 1954 ) is a French film and television actress .
Elsa Zylberstein ( born 16 October 1968 ) is a French film , TV , and stage actress .
Martijn Theodoor Houtsma ( Irnsum , Friesland , 15 January 1851 -- Utrecht , 9 February 1943 ) , often referred to as M. Th . Houtsma , was a Dutch orientalist .
René de Obaldia ( born October 22 , 1918 in Hong Kong ) is a French playwright and poet .
Alphonse Arzel ( 20 September 1927 -- 21 February 2014 in Ploudalmézeau , Finistère ) was a French politician , a member of the French Senate representing the department of Finistère , mayor of Ploudalmézeau , and president of the Association of the mayors of Finistère ( AMF 29 ) .
Peter Kassovitz ( born 17 November 1938 ) is a French film director and scriptwriter .
Alain Lambert ( born in Alençon , on 20 July 1946 ) is a French politician and a notary by profession .
Richard Canal ( born August 16 , 1953 ) is a French science fiction writer who has won the Prix Rosny - Aîné twice .
Bertrand Tavernier ( born 25 April 1941 ) is a French director , screenwriter , actor and producer .
Auguste Jal ( 12 April 1795 , Lyon -- 5 April 1873 ) was a French author who wrote on maritime archaeology and history .
Jan Jakob Lodewijk ten Kate ( December 23 , 1819 - December 24 , 1889 ) was a Dutch divine , prose writer and poet .
Augustine Susanne Brohan ( January 22 , 1807 -- August 16 , 1887 ) was a French actress .
Pierre Nord , real name André Léon Brouillard ( 15 April 1900 -- 13 December 1985 ) , was a French writer , spy and resistance member .
Jacqueline Duc is a French stage , television and film actress .
Achille Zavatta ( May 6 , 1915 -- November 16 , 1993 ) was a French clown , artist and circus operator .
Simon Heere Heeresma ( 9 March 1932 -- 26 June 2011 ) was a Dutch author and poet .
René Dosière is best known for his many questions to the government regarding the expenses of the services of the French presidency .
Jacques Vallée , Sieur Des Barreaux ( 16 December 1599 -- 9 May 1673 ) was a French poet , born in Châteauneuf - sur - Loire .
René Maltête ( 1930 - -2000 ) was a French photographer and poet .
Paul d'Albert de Luynes ( 5 January 1703 , Versailles -- 21 January 1788 , Paris ) was a French prelate .
Louis Fuzelier ( also Fuselier , Fusellier , Fusillier , Fuzellier ; 1672 or 1674 -- 19 September 1752 ) was a French playwright .
Zéphyrin Camélinat ( variously spelled Zéphirin , Zéphyrenne ; Mailly - la - Ville , Yonne , 1840 -- Paris , 1932 ) was a French politician , writer , communard , socialist and communist .
Maurice Delarue ( 26 July 1919 ; Antrain , Ille - et - Vilaine , France -- 10 March 2013 ) was a French journalist .
Jean - Marie Bayol ( 24 December 1849 -- 3 October 1905 ) was a French army doctor , colonial administrator and politician .
Alexandre Florent ( 4 February 1849 , Lyon - 1 December 1922 ) was a French Blanquist socialist politician .
Joseph Grégoire Casy ( 8 October 1787 -- 19 February 1862 ) was a French naval officer and politician .
Gisèle Halimi ( born Zeiza Gisèle Élise Taïeb in 1927 ) is a French lawyer , feminist activist , and essayist .
Michèle Bernstein ( born 28 April 1932 ) is a French novelist and critic , most usually remembered as a member of the Situationist International from its foundation in 1957 until 1967 , and as the first wife of its most prominent member , Guy Debord .
Miroslav Táborský ( born 9 November 1959 in Prague , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech actor who has appeared on Czech television series , as well as in American movies .
Charles - Marie de Féletz ( 3 January 1767 , Gumont -- 11 February 1850 ) was a French churchman , journalist and literary critic .
Alain Daniélou ( 4 October 1907 -- 27 January 1994 ) was a French historian , intellectual , musicologist , Indologist , and a noted Western convert to and expert on Shaivite Hinduism .
Marie Rouget ( Auxerre , 16 February 1883 -- 23 December 1967 ) known by the pen - name Marie Noël was a French poet and officer of the Légion d'honneur .
Jean - Pierre Kalfon ( born October 30 , 1938 in Paris , France ) is a French film and television actor .
Omid Nouripour ( born June 18 , 1975 , in Tehran ) is an Iranian - German politician , a member of Alliance ' 90/The Greens and a member of the German parliament ( Bundestag ) .
Hans Otte born Hans Günther Franz Otte ( 3 December 1926 , Plauen -- 25 December 2007 , Bremen ) was a German composer , pianist , radio promoter , and author of many pieces of musical theatre , sound installations , poems , drawings , and art videos .
Maurice Palmade ( 6 October 1886 , Rochefort , Charente - Maritime -- 3 January 1955 , Bordeaux ) was a French politician .
Noël Roquevert ( born Noël Louis Raymond Bénévent ; 18 December 1892 -- 6 November 1973 ) was a French stage and film actor .
Alain Dorval ( born Alain Bergé in 1946 ) is a French voice actor born in Algiers .
Philippe Peythieu ( born 25 September 1950 ) is a French comedian .
Carl - Edgar Jarchow ( born 29 March 1955 in Hamburg ) is a German politician ( FDP ) and chairman of the football club Hamburger SV .
Dominique Aubier , née Marie - Louise Labiste , ( May 7 , 1922 -- December 2 , 2014 ) was a French author .
Herman Boerhaave ( Dutch : ( ˈɦɛrmɑn ˈbuːrˌɦaːvə ) , 31 December 1668 -- 23 September 1738 ) was a Dutch botanist , Christian humanist and physician of European fame .
Bernard Bosson ( born February 25 , 1948 in Annecy , Haute - Savoie ) is a French politician and lawyer .
Eugène Goüin ( 1818 -- 1909 in Paris ) was a French banker and politician .
Jean Jacques Raynaldy ( 23 December 1869 -- 15 June 1938 ) , known as Eugène Raynaldy , was a French politician who was a deputy from 1919 to 1928 and a senator from 1930 to 1938 .
Joseph - François Malgaigne ( February 14 , 1806 -- October 17 , 1865 ) was a French surgeon and medical historian born in Charmes - sur - Moselle , Vosges .
Alina Reyes ( born Aline Patricia Nardone on 9 February 1956 ) is a French writer , best known for her literary treatment of eroticism .
Beatrice Rosen , ( born November 29 , 1984 ) also credited as Béatrice Rosen and Béatrice Rosenblatt , is an American - born French actress .
Abbé Augustin Barruel ( October 2 , 1741 -- October 5 , 1820 ) was a French publicist and Jesuit priest .
Daniel Mérillon ( 29 June 1852 -- 23 August 1925 ) was a French sports shooter .
Uta Zapf ( born August 14 , 1941 in Liegnitz , Province of Lower Silesia ) is a German politician and member of the Bundestag ( SPD ) .
Thierry Mariani ( born 8 August 1958 in Orange , Vaucluse ) is a French politician of Italian origin , precisely from Castellafiume , Secretary of State for Transport for the Minister of Ecology , Sustainable development , Transport and Housing in the François Fillon III government , and a member of the Union for a Popular Movement .
Edmond Brazès ( Céret ( Pyrénées - Orientales ) , 1893 -- 10 June 1980 ) was a French writer in both Catalan and French .
Eugène Manuel ( July 13 , 1823 -- 1901 ) , French poet and man of letters .
Elia Viviani ( born 7 February 1989 ) is an Italian racing cyclist , who rides for Team Sky .
Arnold Poepke ( born November 25 , 1901 in Kaminsker Hauland , Kreis Obornik - July 14 , 1989 in Northeim ) was a German politician and member of the CDU .
Charles Dantzig is a French author , born in Tarbes on October 7 , 1961 .
Jean Augustin Ernouf ( Manuel Louis Jean Augustin or Auguste Ernouf ) ( 29 August 1753 -- 12 September 1827 ) was a French general and colonial administrator of the Revolutionary and Napoleonic wars .
Suzanne Curchod ( 1737 -- 6 May 1794 ) was a French - Swiss salonist and writer .
Gerrit Paape Delft ( Delft , 4 February 1752 -- The Hague , 7 December 1803 ) was a Dutch plateelschilder ( painter of earthenware and stoneware ) , poet , journalist , novelist , judge , columnist and ( at the end of his career ) ministerial civil servant .
Henri Evrard , marquis de Dreux - Brézé ( 1762 - 1829 ) was a member of the French nobility who at the age of twenty - seven played a role in the meeting of the states - general in 1789 .
Kim Jong - il ( Korean pronunciation : ( ɡ̊imd͜zɔŋil ) ; 16 February 1941/1942 -- 17 December 2011 ) was the supreme leader of the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea ( DPRK ) , commonly referred to as North Korea , from 1994 to 2011 .
Gérard Chaliand ( born 1934 ) is a French expert in geopolitics who has published widely on irregular warfare and military strategy .
Gabriel Nuchelmans ( 15 May 1922 Oud Gastel -- 6 August 1996 , Wassenaar ) was a Dutch philosopher , focusing on the history of philosophy , especially philosophy of the Middle Ages , as well as logic and philosophy of language .
Ivica Vidović ( May 10 , 1939 in Belgrade , Kingdom of Yugoslavia -- April 18 , 2011 in Zagreb , Croatia ) was a Croatian and Yugoslav actor who appeared in many classic films in the cinematic output of the former Yugoslavia .
Raymond - Max Aubert ( born 15 March 1947 ) is a French right - wing politician who was a deputy in the National Assembly of France during the mid-1990s .
Jens Koeppen ( born 27 September 1962 in Zeitz , Germany ) is a German politician ( CDU ) .
Dominique Voynet ( born 4 November 1958 in Montbéliard , Doubs département , France ) is a French politician who is a member of Europe Écologie--
César Campinchi ( 4 May 1882 , Calcatoggio , Corse - du - Sud -- 22 February 1941 , Marseille , Bouches - du - Rhône ) was a lawyer and French statesman in the beginning of the 20th century .
Gustave Geffroy ( 1 June 1855 -- 4 April 1926 ) was a French journalist , art critic , historian , and novelist .
Francis Marmande ( born 1945 ) is a French author , musician and journalist for the French newspaper Le Monde since 1977 .
Abel Jacquin ( 1893 - -1968 ) was a French actor who appeared in more than thirty films between 1930 and 1956 .
Pierre Villon ( 27 August 1901 in Soultz - Haut - Rhin , Haut - Rhin -- 6 November 1980 in Vallauris , Alpes - Maritimes ) was a member of the French Communist Party and of the French Resistance during the war .
Brahim Asloum ( Arabic : إبراهيم اسلوم ) born January 31 , 1979 in Bourgoin - Jallieu , Isère ) is a French boxer .
Marie - Anne Chazel ( born 19 September 1951 ) is a French actress , screenwriter and director , who has been active in both film and television since 1974 .
Foung Hawj ( also Foung Heu ; Chinese : 贺祝福 ; Lao : ຝົງ ເຮີ ) is an American politician from the state of Minnesota and member of the Minnesota Senate .
The Alabama map turtle ( Graptemys pulchra ) is a species of emydid turtle endemic to the southern United States .
Tytthodiplatys is an extinct genus of earwig in the family Diplatyidae known from a Cretaceous fossil found in Myanmar .
Monamphiura is a genus of brittle star echinoderms of the family Amphiuridae .
Holynskirbus lesnei is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Holynskirbus .
The Taiwan angelshark ( Squatina formosa ) is an angel shark of the family Squatinidae found around Taiwan between latitudes 24 ° N and 22 ° N , at depths of between 185 and 220 m. Its length is up to 46 cm for an immature female - there are no adult specimens .
The Lake Upemba forest tree frog , Leptopelis parbocagii , is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family found in Angola , the Democratic Republic of the Congo , Malawi , Mozambique , Tanzania , and Zambia .
The Tennessee warbler ( Oreothlypis peregrina ) is a New World warbler that breeds in eastern North America and winters in southern Central America and northern South America .
Pupatonia is a genus of minute sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Eatoniellidae , the eatoniellids .
The Pattipola caecilian , Ichthyophis orthoplicatus , is a species of caecilian endemic to Sri Lanka .
The Iberian rock lizard ( Iberolacerta monticola or Lacerta monticola ) is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family .
The Kordofan sparrow , also known as the Kordofan rufous sparrow , ( Passer cordofanicus ) is a sparrow found only in northwestern Sudan and eastern Chad .
Aquilaria is a genus of fifteen species of trees in the Thymelaeaceae , native to southeast Asia .
The Lord Howe parakeet ( Cyanoramphus subflavescens ) , also known as the Lord Howe red - fronted parakeet , is an extinct parrot endemic to Lord Howe Island in the Tasman Sea , part of New South Wales , Australia .
The Italian bleak or white bleak ( Alburnus albidus ) is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family , endemic to Italy .
Pteromalinae is a parasitoid wasp subfamily in the family Pteromalidae .
Tohoraata is a member of the family Eomysticetidae , a family of primitive baleen - bearing mysticetes ( chaeomysticetes ) .
The Baja California collared lizard ( Crotaphytus vestigium ) is a large - bodied species of lizard with a broad head , short snout , granular scales , and two distinct black collar markings .
Adromischus is a genus of easily propagated leaf succulents from the Crassulaceae family .
Rhodocyphella is a genus of cyphelloid fungi in the Tricholomataceae family .
The Death Valley pupfish ( Cyprinodon salinus ) , also known as Salt Creek pupfish , is found in Death Valley National Park .
Emiliodonta is an extinct genus of bivalve in the extinct family Praenuculidae .
Catonyx is an extinct genus of ground sloth of the family Mylodontidae , endemic to South America during the Late Pleistocene epochs .
Arethuseae is a mid - sized tribe of orchids in the subfamily Epidendroideae .
The Etmopteridae are a family of sharks in the order Squaliformes , commonly known as lantern sharks .
The Niau kingfisher ( Todiramphus gertrudae ) is a species of bird in the family Alcedinidae .
Shortridge 's rat ( Thallomys shortridgei ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Euaptetoceras is an evolute hammatoceratid ammonite from the lower Middle Jurassic , included in the family Hammatoceratidae and the subfamility Hammatoceratinae .
Cybocephalus is a genus of beetles in the family Cybocephalidae , previously belonging to the subfamily Cybocephalinae of the family Nitidulidae .
The Galápagos fur seal ( Arctocephalus galapagoensis ) breeds on the Galápagos Islands in the eastern Pacific , west of mainland Ecuador .
Idiocolpodes tsaratanensis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Idiocolpodes .
Pseudotrechus mutilatus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Pseudotrechus .
Zuluscaphites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass from France during the Cretaceous .
The Baja California rock squirrel ( Otospermophilus atricapillus ) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae .
The authors of the paper describing Darwinius classified it as a member of the primate family Notharctidae , subfamily Cercamoniinae , suggesting that it has the status of a significant transitional form ( a `` link '' ) between the prosimian and simian ( `` anthropoid '' ) primate lineages .
Anita 's leaf - eared mouse ( Phyllotis anitae ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Machairasaurus was in 2010 assigned to the Oviraptoridae , more precisely to the Ingeniinae .
The Angolan vlei rat ( Otomys anchietae ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Pyrotheriidae is the only family in the order Pyrotheria , provided one does not include the Paleocene genus , Carodnia .
Geukensia is a genus of marine bivalve mollusc in the Mytilidae family , naturally found in the western Atlantic .
Amelus nigripennis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Amelus .
The Daurian starling ( Agropsar sturninus ) , also known as the purple - backed starling , is a species of starling in the family Sturnidae , and is sometimes included in the genus Sturnus or Sturnia .
Onithochiton is a genus of chitons in the family Chitonidae , which is distributed from Australia and New Zealand to South Africa .
Nitor is a genus of air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Helicarionidae .
The Lima leaf - eared mouse ( Phyllotis limatus ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Speke 's weaver ( Ploceus spekei ) is a familiar East African songbird .
The Texas brown snake ( Storeria dekayi texana ) , a subspecies of Storeria dekayi , is a nonvenomous snake in the family Colubridae .
The Notothyladaceae is the only family of hornworts in the order Notothyladales .
The Abdim 's stork , ( Ciconia abdimii ) also known as white - bellied stork , is a black stork with grey legs , red knees and feet , grey bill and white underparts .
Ohioceras is an extinct suborthochonic nautiloid from the Silurian of Ohio belonging to the orthoceroid family Kionoceratidae .
Thersiteidae is an extinct family of fossil sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Stromboidea , the true conchs and their allies .
Metachanda is the sole genus in the small family Metachandidae of moths .
The Diamond Y springsnail , scientific name Tryonia adamantina , is a species of small freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae .
Dalechampia is a genus of plant of the family Euphorbiaceae and of the monogeneric subtribe Dalechampiinae .
Jahn 's tree frog , Hyloscirtus jahni , is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Venezuela .
Tschudi 's yellow - shouldered bat ( Sturnira oporaphilum ) , is an extant species of leaf - nosed bat indigenous to Argentina , Ecuador , and Peru , with its range also encompassing Bolivia .
Rossbeevera is a genus of sequestrate ( truffle - like ) fungi in the family Boletaceae .
Parallelura was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family , it is now considered a synonym of Macaldenia .
Terfezia is a genus of truffle - like fungi within the Pezizaceae family .
Micrairoideae is a subfamily of the grass family Poaceae , distributed in tropical and subtropical regions .
Udranomia is a Neotropical genus in the family Hesperiidae ( Eudaminae ) .
Eliea ( or Eliaea Cambess . , an orthographic variant ) is a genus of flowering plants in the family Hypericaceae .
Martiana clausa is a species of crab in the family Pseudothelphusidae , the only species in the genus Martiana .
Leptidea is a genus of butterflies of family Pieridae , the whites and yellows .
Luambwa barb ( Barbus cercops ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Barbus .
The Pocilloporidae are a family of stony corals in the order Scleractinia occurring in the Pacific and Indian Oceans .
Euclia is a genus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cancellariidae , the nutmeg snails .
The Kavirondo barb ( Barbus sexradiatus ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the Cyprinidae family .
Yigoga is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family , it was placed as a synonym of Dichagyris by Lafontain & Fibiger in 2003 .
Koelliker 's glass lizard ( Hyalosaurus koellikeri ) , also called commonly the Moroccan glass lizard , is a species of lizard in the family Anguidae .
Donaldson Smith 's nightjar ( Caprimulgus donaldsoni ) is a species of nightjar in the Caprimulgidae family .
Clarification of the Authorship of Xixuthrus heros ( Coleoptera : Cerambycidae ) YANEGA D. , D. OLSON D. , SHUTE S. , KOMIYA Z. , 2004 - The Xixuthrus species of Fiji ( Coleoptera : Cerambycidae : Prioninae )
However , Maisch and his co - authors did place both Germanodactylus species in Dsungaripteroidea , like Unwin .
Marlierea is a genus of flowering plants in the myrtle family , Myrtaceae described as a genus in 1833 .
The Angoni vlei rat ( Otomys angoniensis ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Helcogramma steinitzi , known commonly as the Red triplefin , is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Helcogramma .
The Huon melidectes or Huon honeyeater ( Melidectes foersteri ) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family .
Sloanoglymmius planatus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Sloanoglymmius .
The Andaman bulbul ( Pycnonotus fuscoflavescens ) is a member of the bulbul family of passerine birds .
Notoacmea is a southern genus of true limpets , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Lottiidae , the true limpets .
Sageretia ( mock buckthorn or sageretia ) is a genus of about 35 species of shrubs and small trees in the family Rhamnaceae , native to southern and eastern Asia and northeast Africa .
Goniurellia is a genus of the family Tephritidae , better known as fruit flies .
Calochlaena is a genus of ferns within the Dicksoniaceae family .
The Atlantic goliath grouper or itajara ( Epinephelus itajara ) is a large saltwater fish of the grouper family found primarily in shallow tropical waters among coral and artificial reefs at depths from 5 to 50 m ( 16 to 164 ft ) .
Seipp 's day gecko ( Phelsuma seippi Meier , 1987 ) is a diurnal species of geckos .
Barclaya is a genus of 3 - 4 species of flowering plants usually included in the family Nymphaeaceae but sometimes given their own family status as Barclayaceae on the basis of an extended perianth tube ( combined sepals and petals ) arising from the top of the ovary and by stamens that are joined basally .
Ginema is a genus of ground beetles ( family Carabidae ) .
Centrolobium is a genus of legume in the Fabaceae family , and was recently assigned to the informal monophyletic Pterocarpus clade of the Dalbergieae .
The Archduke , Lexias dirtea , is a species of butterfly of the family Nymphalidae .
It is the largest subfamily of Megachilidae Subfamily Megachilinae Tribe Lithurgini Lithurgus Microthurge Trichothurgus Tribe Osmiini Afroheriades Ashmeadiella Atoposmia Bekilia Chelostoma Haetosmia Heriades have narrow abdominal bands .
Blasius 's horseshoe bat ( Rhinolophus blasii ) is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae found throughout large parts of the Mediterranean , Middle East and Northern Africa .
Batasio is a genus of catfish of the family Bagridae .
The Indian day gecko , Cnemaspis indica , is a species of gecko found in India ( Nilgiri Hills / Travancore ) .
Appertiella is a genus of an aquatic plant of the family Hydrocharitaceae described as a genus in 1982 .
Caesalpinioideae is a botanical name at the rank of subfamily , placed in the large family Fabaceae or Leguminosae .
Wurmbea is a genus of perennial herbs in the family Colchicaceae , native to Africa and Australia .
Minuphloeus mixtus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Minuphloeus .
Sedoreovirinae ( sedo = smooth ) is a subfamily of the Reoviridae family of viruses .
Parajubaea is a genus of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family , and coconut palm trees .
Aluterus heudelotii Hollard , 1855 ( Dotterel filefish ) Aluterus monoceros Linnaeus , 1758 ( Unicorn leatherjacket filefish ) Aluterus schoepfii Walbaum , 1792 ( Orange filefish ) Aluterus scriptus Osbeck , 1765 ( Scribbled leatherjacket filefish )
The Transvaal girdled lizard , Cordylus vittifer , is a very flattened girdled lizard from northeastern South Africa , Swaziland , and southeastern Botswana .
The Tonnoidea are a superfamily of sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Littorinimorpha .
Megabats constitute the suborder Megachiroptera , and its only family Pteropodidae of the order Chiroptera ( bats ) .
Caffromorda platycephala is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae , the only species in the genus Caffromorda .
Anodontoides is a genus of freshwater mussel , an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae , the river mussels .
Conostylis is a genus of perennial herbs in the family Haemodoraceae commonly known as ' cone flowers , endemic to the south west of Western Australia .
The Paraguaian hairy dwarf porcupine , Sphiggurus spinosus , is a South American porcupine species from the family Erethizontidae .
Hespererato is a genus of small sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Triviidae , the false cowries or trivias .
The Bengal fox ( Vulpes bengalensis ) , also known as the Indian fox , is a fox endemic to the Indian subcontinent and is found from the Himalayan foothills and Terai of Nepal through southern India and from southern and eastern Pakistan to eastern India and southeastern Bangladesh .
Elminia is a genus of bird in the flycatcher family Stenostiridae .
Kasner 's dwarf burrowing skink or Kasner 's burrowing skink ( Scelotes kasneri ) is a species of skink in the Scincidae family .
Kuraishia is a genus of two species of ascomycetous yeasts in the family Saccharomycetaceae .
Acosmerycoides is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family , containing only one species Acosmerycoides harterti , which is found from Assam in India , eastwards across southern China to Taiwan and south to Thailand , Laos and Vietnam .
The New England tree frog or glandular tree frog ( Litoria subglandulosa ) is a species of frog in the family Hylidae , endemic to Australia .
The Midas free - tailed bat ( Mops midas ) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae .
Pterymarchia is a genus of large predatory sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae , the rock snails or murex snails .
The Ningaloo maskray ( Neotrygon ningalooensis ) is a species of stingray in the family Dasyatidae , found along the northwestern coast of Australia .
The Fiji white - eye ( Zosterops explorator ) is a species of passerine bird in the white - eye family Zosteropidae .
Xenophrys parallela or Megophrys parallelus is a species of frog in the Megophryidae family .
Hellwald 's spiny rat ( Maxomys hellwaldii ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Nystia is an extinct genus of fossil freshwater snails , aquatic gastropod molluscs in the family Truncatellidae .
The Zayante band - winged grasshopper ( Trimerotropis infantilis ) is a species of insect in the family Acrididae .
Amanitoideae is a subfamily of the fungi or mushroom family Amanitaceae .
Florissantoraphidia funerata is an extinct species of snakefly , originally assigned to the raphidiid genus Raphidia , but subsequently transferred to the genus Florissantoraphidia .
The Bornean horseshoe bat ( Rhinolophus borneensis ) is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae .
Burchell 's sandgrouse ( Pterocles burchelli ) is a species of bird in the Pteroclididae family .
Pseudotrechisibus sphaericus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Pseudotrechisibus .
The Cuban tody ( Todus multicolor ) is a bird species in the family Todidae that is restricted to Cuba and adjacent islands .
Walcottoceras is a cephalopod genus from the Lower Ordovician included in the ellesmerocerid family Protocycloceratidae according Rousseau Flower in 1964 .
Caeciliusetae is an infraorder of Psocoptera , in the suborder Psocomorpha .
Discourella is a genus of mites in the order Mesostigmata , placed in its own family , Discourellidae .
Rondeletia bicolor is a species of redmouth whalefish known only from the eastern Atlantic Ocean , where it is found at depths of around 3,003 m ( 9,852 ft ) .
The Malabar trevally , Carangoides malabaricus , ( also known as the Malabar jack , Malabar kingfish and nakedshield kingfish ) is a species of large inshore marine fish of the jack family , Carangidae .
Neoscona is a genus of spider in the family Araneidae ( araneids ) with a mostly pantropical distribution .
The Hunter 's cisticola ( Cisticola hunteri ) is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family .
The Christmas wrasse , Thalassoma trilobatum , is a species of wrasse native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean .
The Megalyroidea are a small hymenopteran superfamily that includes a single family , Megalyridae , with eight genera ( plus three extinct ones ) and at least 45 extant species .
Hiekesia africana is a species of beetle in the family Monotomidae , the only species in the genus Hiekesia .
The genus Tanatchivia is a genus of insect in the family Asilidae .
Diapheridae is a family of air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Streptaxoidea .
The Pertyoideae are a subfamily of the Asteraceae , or sunflower family , of the flowering plants .
The Palau nightjar ( Caprimulgus phalaena ) is a species of nightjar endemic to Palau .
Cinnamodendron is a genus of plants in family Canellaceae described as a genus in 1840 .
Palatigum trichostoma is a species of crabs in the family Xanthidae , the only species in the genus Palatigum .
The most recent cladistic analysis of ankylosaur phylogeny does not include Animantarx , although the authors recognize the genus as Nodosauridae incertae sedis because of its rounded supraorbital protrusions and a `` knoblike '' acromion on the scapula .
Allendia chilensis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Allendia .
Adriatic blenny , Microlipophrys adriaticus , is a species of combtooth blenny widespread in the Mediterranean Sea , the Adriatic Sea and the Aegean Sea , also known from the Sea of Marmara and the Black Sea .
The Peruvian thick - knee ( Burhinus superciliaris ) is a species of bird in the family Burhinidae .
Poecilotheria is a genus of the spiders family Theraphosidae currently containing 15 species of arboreal tarantula .
The Alashan ground squirrel ( Spermophilus alashanicus ) is a species of squirrel .
Rastrelliger is a mackerel genus in the family Scombridae .
Anthia is a genus of the ground beetle family , the Carabidae .
Alfaroa is a genus of evergreen trees in the Juglandaceae family of the Fagales , growing in montaine and submontaine tropical rain forests in Central America .
Heliofungia is a genus of stony corals in the family Fungiidae .
Ammopelmatus is a genus of insect in the family Stenopelmatidae .
Peleteria is a widespread genus of flies in the family Tachinidae .
Gagrellina vestita is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae .
Pleurocolpus boileaui is a species of crabs in the family Xanthidae , the only species in the genus Pleurocolpus .
The Algerian mouse , or western Mediterranean mouse , ( Mus spretus ) is a wild species of mouse closely related to the house mouse , native to open habitats around the western Mediterranean .
Gyps is a genus of Old World vultures in the bird family Accipitridae .
Campichthys galei ( Duncker , 1909 ) ( Gale 's pipefish ) Campichthys nanus C. E. Dawson , 1977 Campichthys tricarinatus C. E. Dawson , 1977 ( Three - keel pipefish ) Campichthys tryoni ( J. D. Ogilby , 1890 ) ( Tryon 's pipefish )
The Caucasian toad ( Bufo verrucosissimus ) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
Equatorial spitting cobra ( Naja sumatrana ) also called the black spitting cobra , Malayan spitting cobra , golden spitting cobra , or Sumatran spitting cobra , is a species of spitting cobra found in Southeast Asia .
The Hemprich 's hornbill ( Tockus hemprichii ) is a species of hornbill in the Bucerotidae family .
Whitehead 's spiny rat ( Maxomys whiteheadi ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Siau Island tarsier ( Tarsius tumpara ) is a species of tarsier from the tiny volcanic island of Siau .
The Santa Cruz white - eye ( Zosterops sanctaecrucis ) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family .
Rolán & Rubio ( 2002 : 46 ) hold Discopsis as a valid genus , distinct from Cochliolepis Stimpson , 1858 , on the grounds that the latter belongs in the family Vitrinellidae and the former in Tornidae .
The Accipitridae , one of the four families within the order Accipitriformes ( the other order of diurnal birds of prey being Falconiformes ) , are a family of small to large birds with strongly hooked bills and variable morphology based on diet .
Suessenguthia is a genus of the Acanthaceae plant family comprising six species of shrubs with showy , tubular flowers arranged in few - flowered heads .
The Thripinae belong to the common thrips family Thripidae and include around 1,400 species in 150 genera .
The Malawi spinyeel ( Mastacembelus shiranus ) is a species of fish in the Mastacembelidae family .
The Peltoceratinae comprise a subfamily in the Aspidoceratidae , ( middle and upper Jurassic perisphinctacean ammonites ) .
Choerades is a genus of robber flies described by Walker in 1851 , belonging to the family Asilidae , subfamily Laphriinae .
Xylariopsis is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae , containing the following species : subgenus Falsosybra Xylariopsis fulvonotata ( Pic , 1928 ) subgenus Xylariopsis Xylariopsis esakii Mitono , 1943 Xylariopsis iriei Hayashi , 1976 Xylariopsis mimica Bates , 1884
The Carajás woodcreeper ( Xiphocolaptes carajaensis ) is a species of bird in the Dendrocolaptinae subfamily , the woodcreepers .
Nepenthes ( /nᵻˈpɛnθiːz/ ) , also known as tropical pitcher plants , is a genus of carnivorous plants in the monotypic family Nepenthaceae .
The American sailfin eel ( Letharchus velifer , also known as the Sailfin eel ) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae ( worm / snake eels ) .
Andronymus is an Afrotropical genus of Grass Skippers in the family Hesperiidae .
The Mexican shrew ( Megasorex gigas ) is a species of mammal from the subfamily Soricinae in the family Soricidae .
The Huallaga tanager or black - bellied tanager ( Ramphocelus melanogaster ) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae .
The Madagascan swamp warbler ( Acrocephalus newtoni ) is a species of Old World warbler in the Acrocephalidae family .
Eudeilinia is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Drepaninae .
Palaina is a genus of minute land snails with opercula , terrestrial gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Diplommatinidae .
The Lafresnaye 's piculet ( Picumnus lafresnayi ) is a species of bird in the Picidae family .
The Tonga ground skink ( Tachygyia microlepis ) is an extinct species of skink in the Scincidae family .
Stenocercus is a genus of South American lizards , commonly called whorltail iguanas , of the Tropiduridae family .
The Hernandiaceae are a family of flowering plants , angiosperms , in order Laurales .
Siphonops ( ringed caecilians ) is a genus of amphibian in the Siphonopidae family .
Abichites is Ceratitid genus , assigned to the family Dzhulfitidae .
Prosthiostomidae is a family of free - living marine turbellarian flatworms in the sub order Cotylea .
Abyarachryson signaticolle is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Abyarachryson .
Delalande 's sand frog ( Tomopterna delalandii ) is a species of frog in the Pyxicephalidae family endemic to South Africa .
Dictyanthus is a genus of plant in family Apocynaceae , first described as a genus in 1844 .
Barticaria caeruleus is a species of beetle in the family Megalopodidae , the only species in the genus Barticaria .
The Y - patterned moray eel ( Gymnothorax berndti ) is a deep - water moray eel found in coral reefs in the Pacific and western Indian Oceans at depths to 300 m. It was first named by Snyder in 1904 , and is also commonly known as Berndt 's moray eel .
The Arabian accentor or Yemen accentor ( Prunella fagani ) is a species of bird in the Prunellidae family .
Lunaria ( common name honesty ) is a genus of flowering plants in the family Brassicaceae , native to central and southern Europe .
The Japanese tree frog ( Hyla japonica ) is a species of tree frog distributed from Hokkaidō to Yakushima in Japan and from Korea along the Ussuri River to northeastern China , northern Mongolia , and the southern Russian Far East .
Ampelocissus ( suan lian teng shu in Chinese ) is a genus of Vitaceae having 90 or more species found variously in tropical Africa , Asia , Central America , and Oceania .
Machairodontini is an extinct tribe of large saber - toothed cats of the subfamily Machairodontinae , that lived in Europe , Asia , Africa , and North America , during the late middle Miocene through late Pleistocene living from 11.6 mya--11 000 years ago .
Cancellariidae , common name the nutmeg snails or nutmeg shells , are a family of small to medium - large sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Neogastropoda .
The Natal dwarf puddle frog ( Phrynobatrachus natalensis ) is a species of frog in the Phrynobatrachidae family .
Pseudois is a genus in the subfamily Caprinae comprising two species , the bharal ( Pseudois nayaur ) and the dwarf blue sheep ( Pseudois schaeferi ) .
Lobithelphusa mexicana is a species of crab in the family Pseudothelphusidae , the only species in the genus Lobithelphusa .
The Calayan rail ( Gallirallus calayanensis ) is a flightless bird of the rail , moorhen , and coot family ( Rallidae ) that inhabits Calayan Island in the Philippines .
Parastizocera procera is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Parastizocera .
Bruno 's casque - headed frog ( Aparasphenodon brunoi ) is a species of frog in the family Hylidae .
Senecio cadiscus is a species of aquatic flowering plant in the aster family , Asteraceae .
Stenochilus is a genus under the Stenochilidae family .
The Cyprus warbler ( Sylvia melanothorax ) is a typical warbler which breeds on Cyprus .
The Hemerobiiformia are a suborder of lacewing insects in the order Neuroptera .
The Timor blue flycatcher ( Cyornis hyacinthinus ) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae .
Norfolkia brachylepis , known commonly as the Tropical scaly - headed triplefin , is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Norfolkia .
The Hodgson 's frogmouth ( Batrachostomus hodgsoni ) is a species of bird in the Podargidae family .
Stylochaeton is a genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family that is endemic to Africa .
In taxonomy , Pseudomuriella is a genus of green algae , specifically of the class Chlorophyceae .
Dactylobatus armatus or the Skilletskate , is a small - bodied , deepwater skate .
The American three - toed woodpecker ( Picoides dorsalis ) is a medium - sized woodpecker ( family Picidae ) .
The Alfred 's blind skink ( Dibamus alfredi ) is a blind species of lizard in the genus Dibamus .
Mycobacterium is a genus of Actinobacteria , given its own family , the Mycobacteriaceae .
The Laysan hedyleptan moth ( Omiodes laysanensis ) is a species of moth in the Crambidae family .
The two species of Apalharpactes were formerly treated as conspecific under the name red - billed trogon or blue - tailed trogon ( Apalharpactes reinwardtii , with mackloti as a subspecies ) , but are better treated as separate species .
The Pavel 's Seram mosaic - tailed rat ( Melomys paveli ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
The Crosse 's shrew ( Crocidura crossei ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
The Kashmir white - toothed shrew ( Crocidura pullata ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
The Maimed snake eel ( Muraenichthys schultzei , also known as the Aimed snake eel , the Bleeker 's worm - eel , or the Schultz 's worm eel ) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae ( worm / snake eels ) .
Melithaeidae is a family of corals in the suborder Scleraxonia .
Dobodura armata is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Dobodura .
The Kalbar rasbora ( Rasbora kalbarensis ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Rasbora .
Podopterus is a genus of plants in the family Polygonaceae with about four species in Mexico and Central America .
The Wied 's tyrant - manakin ( Neopelma aurifrons ) is a species of bird in the Pipridae family .
The Curlfin sole , Pleuronichthys decurrens , is a flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae .
Christy 's tree frog , Leptopelis christyi , is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family found in Cameroon , the Democratic Republic of the Congo , Gabon , Tanzania , and Uganda , and possibly Burundi , the Central African Republic , the Republic of the Congo , Kenya , Rwanda , and the Sudan .
Oncomelania is a genus of very small tropical freshwater snails , aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Pomatiopsidae .
The Keast 's tube - nosed fruit bat ( Nyctimene keasti ) is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae found in Babar , Tanimbar , and the Kai Islands .
Halecium is a genus of hydrozoa in the Haleciidae family , consisting of approximately 120 species .
Kalinowski 's mastiff bat ( Mormopterus kalinowskii ) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae , the free - tailed bats .
The Mexican tetra or blind cave fish ( Astyanax mexicanus ) is a freshwater fish of the family Characidae of the order Characiformes .
`` Molecular phylogeny of the nematode genus Longidorus ( Nematoda : Longidoridae ) with description of three new species '' .
Cinetodus is a genus of sea catfishes ( order Siluriformes ) of the family Ariidae .
The Sacramento blackfish , Orthodon microlepidotus , is a cyprinid fish of central California .
Scolopendra ( through Latin from Greek σκολόπενδρα , skolopendra ) is a genus of centipedes of the family Scolopendridae .
The Pacific shortfinned eel ( Anguilla obscura ) , also known as the Pacific shortfinned freshwater eel , the short - finned eel , and the South Pacific eel , is an eel in the family Anguillidae .
Boehme 's giant day gecko ( Phelsuma madagascariensis boehmei Meier , 1982 ) is a diurnal species of gecko .
Amphilepis is a genus of brittle stars of the family Amphilepididae .
Fesa tricolor is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae .
Erysimum ( wallflower ) is a genus of flowering plants in the botanical family Brassicaceae , that includes about 180 species , both popular garden plants and many wild forms .
Micromys is a genus of small rodents in the subfamily Murinae .
Ochsenheimeria is a genus of moth of the Ypsolophidae family and only genus in the Ochsenheimeriinae subfamily .
Ascetostoma is a genus of mostly small deep water sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Chilodontidae .
Cyrtopodion is a large genus in the family Gekkonidae ( geckos ) .
Geocaulon is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the family Santalaceae containing the single species Geocaulon lividum , which is known by the common names northern comandra and false toadflax .
Anoplius is a genus of spider wasps in the family Pompilidae , called the blue - black spider wasps .
Parkhaev , the Khairkhaniidae is the only family in the order Khairkhaniifomes within the subclass Divasibranchia .
The Nauru reed warbler ( Nauruan : itsirir ) , Acrocephalus rehsei , is a passerine bird endemic to the island of Nauru in the Pacific Ocean .
The Sri Lanka spurfowl ( Galloperdix bicalcarata ) is a member of the pheasant family which is endemic to the dense rainforests of Sri Lanka .
Guioa is a genus of about 78 rainforest tree species known to science , which constitute part of the plant family Sapindaceae .
The Cuban tree frog ( Osteopilus septentrionalis ) is an amphibian native to the Caribbean region of the Western Hemisphere .
Eggerthella is a bacterial genus of Actinobacteria , in the family Coriobacteriaceae .
The Cutch rat ( Cremnomys cutchicus ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
The Mediterranean horse mackerel ( Trachurus mediterraneus ) is a species of mackerel in the family Carangidae .
Nosoderma plicatum ( formerly Phloeodes plicatus ) is a beetle of the Family Zopheridae .
Cacaliopsis is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the aster family , Asteraceae , containing the single species Cacaliopsis nardosmia ( formerly Cacalia nardosmia ) .
The Agaricostilbaceae are a family of fungi in the order Agaricostilbales , part of the Basidiomycota .
Dimorphopatrobus ludmilae is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Dimorphopatrobus .
Archirhodomyrtus is a genus of flowering plants in the myrtle family , Myrtaceae , describe as a genus in 1941 .
Leach 's anole ( Anolis leachii ) is a species of anole lizard that is native to Antigua and Barbuda , an island - nation in the Caribbean Lesser Antilles , where it can be found on both main islands .
Squid are members of the class Cephalopoda , subclass Coleoidea , order Teuthida , which has two major suborders , Myopsina and Oegopsina ( including giant squid such as Architeuthis dux ) .
Elsholtzia is a plant genus in the Lamiaceae ( mint family ) .
The Chirruh snowtrout ( Schizothorax esocinus ) is a species of cyprinid fish found in Asia .
The Lake Kurumoi rainbowfish ( Melanotaenia parva ) is a species of freshwater fish in the Melanotaeniidae family .
Blanchetia is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the aster family , Asteraceae , containing the single species Blanchetia heterotricha .
Placostylus , or flax snails , are a genus of very large , air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Bothriembryontidae .
Jalzicaphaenops poljaki is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Jalzicaphaenops .
Phyllanthaceae is a family of flowering plants in the eudicot order Malpighiales .
Nyanzachoerus is an extinct genus of the pig family ( Suidae ) belonging to the subfamily Tetraconodontinae .
Wallace 's dasyure ( Myoictis wallacei ) is a member of the order Dasyuromorphia .
Fraxinus floribunda is a species of ash native to South Asia , East Asia , and Southeast Asia .
Heteronarce is a genus of sleeper rays in the family Narkidae .
Voluta is a genus of medium to large sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Volutidae , the volutes .
Eremotherium is an extinct genus of ground sloth of the family Megatheriidae , endemic to North America and South America during the Pleistocene epoch .
Forsterygion nigripenne , known commonly as the Estuarine triplefin or the Cockabully , is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Forsterygion .
The Kamchatka flounder , Atheresthes evermanni , is a flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae .
Calycadenia is a genus of flowering plants in the aster family , Asteraceae , known commonly as the western rosinweeds .
Botia ( Indian loaches ) is a genus of freshwater fish in the loach family ( Botiidae ) .
The Phasianinae ( Horsfield , 1821 ) are a subfamily of the pheasant family ( Phasianidae ) of landfowl , the order Galliformes .
Coloraderpeton is an extinct genus of aïstopod lepospondyl within the family Oestocephalidae .
Consolida is a genus of about 40 species of annual flowering plants in the family Ranunculaceae , native to western Europe , the Mediterranean and Asia .
Avicennia is a genus of flowering plants currently placed in the bear 's breeches family , Acanthaceae .
Graptostethus is a genus in the insect family Lygaeidae ( seed bugs ) .
The Moaif tree frog ( Litoria mystax ) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family , endemic to West Papua , Indonesia .
Tricholaema is a bird genus in the African barbet family ( Lybiidae ) which was formerly included in the Capitonidae and sometimes in the Ramphastidae .
Flavocetraria is a genus of lichenized fungi within the Parmeliaceae family .
Cladopelma is a genus of non - biting midges in the subfamily Chironominae and tribe ( ( Chironomini ) ) of the bloodworm family Chironomidae .
Laosaphaenops deharvengi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Laosaphaenops .
Trirachopoda was a genus of moth in the family Geometridae .
Brimeura is a genus of bulb - forming , monocotyledonous perennial plants in the family Asparagaceae , subfamily Scilloideae , native to southeastern Europe and certain islands of the western Mediterranean .
Fusicolla is a genus of seven species of ascomycete fungi in the family Nectriaceae .
Mammuthus lamarmorai is a species of mammoth which lived during the late Middle and Upper Pleistocene ( between 450,000 to perhaps 40,000 years ) on the island of Sardinia .
The family Talpidae includes the moles , shrew moles , desmans , and other intermediate forms of small insectivorous mammals of the order Soricomorpha .
Dimerocostus is a group of plants in the Costaceae described as a genus in 1891 .
The Australian swiftlet ( Aerodramus terraereginae ) is a small bird belonging to the genus Aerodramus in the swift family , Apodidae .
Hopkins 's groove - toothed swamp rat ( Pelomys hopkinsi Hayman , 1955 ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Prothoe is a genus of charaxine butterflies in the family Nymphalidae .
Hose 's palm civet ( Diplogale hosei ) , also known as Hose 's civet , is a civet species endemic to the island of Borneo .
Crystallaria is a genus of darters in the family Percidae found in the Mississippi River basin from Ohio to Minnesota and in southern Mississippi , northern Louisiana , and southeastern Oklahoma , and on the Gulf Slope of Escambia , Mobile Bay , and the Pearl River drainages .
The Neotropical fruit bats ( Artibeus ) are a genus of bats within the subfamily Stenodermatinae .
Hylotrupini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Cerambycinae , containing the single genus Hylotrupes and the single species Hylotrupes bajulus .
Caryophyllia is a genus of solitary corals in the family Caryophylliidae .
Electrostephanus is an extinct genus of crown wasp in the hymenopteran family Stephanidae , and is the only genus placed in the subfamily Electrostephaninae .
The Taiwan wren - babbler or Taiwan cupwing , ( Pnoepyga formosana ) , is a species of passerine bird in its own family , Pnoepygidae .
Gallimimus was assigned to the Ornithomimidae in 1972 .
Distichodus is a genus of fish in the Distichodontidae family found in tropical Africa .
Humphrey 's caecilian , Ichthyophis humphreyi , is a species of caecilian found presumably in tropical Asia .
Besuchetia ceylanica is a species of beetle in the family Latridiidae , the only species in the genus Besuchetia .
In taxonomy , the Chaetophoraceae are a family of green algae , specifically of the order Chaetophorales .
Eurydictyon conspicuum is a species of beetle in the family Ommatidae , the only species in the genus Eurydictyon .
Striped ground squirrels ( genus Lariscus ) form a taxon of squirrels under the subfamily Callosciurinae .
Distocupes is a monotypic genus of beetles in the family Cupedidae , the reticulated beetles .
Elliottia is a genus of plants in the Ericaceae , with four species , two in North American and two in Japan .
The Borneo shark ( Carcharhinus borneensis ) is a species of requiem shark , and part of the family Carcharhinidae .
Lazarussuchus is the youngest member of the group Choristodera and the only choristodere to have lived after the Eocene .
The Rio Grande shiner ( Notropis jemezanus ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the Cyprinidae family .
The Mount Sinai gecko ( Hemidactylus mindiae ) is a species of lizard in the Gekkonidae family .
Azov shemaya ( Alburnus leobergi ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Alburnus .
Porter 's rock rat ( Aconaemys porteri ) is a species of rodent in the family Octodontidae .
The Urocordylidae belong to a group within the Lepospondyli called the Nectridea , which include forms with long tails and short bodies .
Bank myna ( Acridotheres ginginianus ) , called `` Sharak '' in Punjabi , is a myna found in South Asia .
Ophidiella is a subgenus of the genus Plasmodium created in 1966 by Garnham .
The Natricinae are a subfamily of the Colubridae family of snakes , which comprises 28 genera .
Syringa ( Lilac ) is a genus of 12 currently recognized species of flowering woody plants in the olive family ( Oleaceae ) , native to woodland and scrub from southeastern Europe to eastern Asia , and widely and commonly cultivated in temperate areas elsewhere .
The California kingsnake ( Lampropeltis getula californiae ) is a nonvenomous colubrid snake endemic to the western United States and northern Mexico .
In taxonomy , the Korarchaeota are a phylum of the Archaea .
Cercyonis is a genus of butterflies of the subfamily Satyrinae , commonly called wood - nymphs or wood nymphs in the family Nymphalidae found in North America .
Funchalia is a genus of deep - water prawns of the family Penaeidae .
Mysorelloides multisulcata is a species of tropical freshwater snail with an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Paludomidae .
The El Cusuco salamander ( Bolitoglossa diaphora ) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae .
The subfamily Spiraeoideae was traditionally a subfamily of flowering plants within family Rosaceae .
Gallardosaurus was a pliosaurid , a member of the family Pliosauridae , a group of short - necked reptiles that lived during the Mesozoic Era .
Smithatris is a new genus of the ginger family ( Zingiberaceae ) .
The Rio Suno antwren ( Myrmotherula sunensis ) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae .
Anthurium ( /ænˈθjuːriəm/ ; Schott , 1829 ) , is a genus of about 1000 species of flowering plants , the largest genus of the arum family , Araceae .
Gladiolus ( from Latin , the diminutive of gladius , a sword ) is a genus of perennial cormous flowering plants in the iris family ( Iridaceae ) .
Numerous plants , mainly Acanthaceae , are former members of Ruellia .
Helicteroideae is a subfamily of the Malvaceae family .
Whether or not this is the case , Sinraptor and Yangchuanosaurus were close relatives , and are classified together in the family Metriacanthosauridae .
The Senegalese ladyfish , Elops senegalensis , is a species of fish in the Elopidae family , and is native to the coastal waters of the eastern Atlantic Ocean from Mauritania to the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Jenkinidae is a family of the order Leucosolenida .
Cyanagraea praedator is `` by far the largest '' species in the family Bythograeidae , growing to a maximum carapace size of 123.0 mm × 74.8 mm ( 4.84 in × 2.94 in ) .
Homoranthus is a genus of shrub in the myrtle family Myrtaceae described as a genus in 1836 .
Azara 's night monkey ( Aotus azarae ) , also known as the southern night monkey , is a night monkey species from South America .
Griphomyia is a genus of fruit fly in the family Tephritidae .
The West African black turtle ( Pelusios niger ) is a species of turtle in the Pelomedusidae family .
Salinator is a genus of small , air - breathing , terrestrial or semi - marine snails with an operculum , pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Amphibolidae .
Isoetales , formerly also written Isoëtales , is an order of plants in the class Isoetopsida .
Arterivirus is the only genus of viruses in the family Arteriviridae , which is within the order Nidovirales .
Amomyrtella irregularis ( formerly Myrcianthes irregularis ) is a species of tree in the myrtle family , Myrtaceae .
The Saint Helena earwig or Saint Helena giant earwig ( Labidura herculeana ) was a species of earwig endemic to the oceanic island of Saint Helena in the south Atlantic Ocean .
Heikegani ( 平家蟹 , ヘイケガニ ) ( Heikeopsis japonica ) is a species of crab native to Japan , with a shell that bears a pattern resembling a human face which many believed to be the face of an angry samurai hence the nickname Samurai Crab .
The Tufted duck ( Aythya fuligula ) is a small diving duck with a population of close to one million birds .
Naesiotus is a genus of tropical air - breathing land snails , a pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Bulimulidae .
Saitoella is a genus of two species of yeast in the family Protomycetaceae .
Comitas is a genus of medium - sized sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Turridae , the turrids .
Trapezitinae is a subfamily of the Hesperiidae ( `` skippers '' ) family of butterflies .
The Arfak rainbowfish ( Melanotaenia arfakensis ) is a species of fish in the Melanotaeniidae family .
A palpigrade , commonly known as a microwhip scorpion , is an invertebrate animal belonging to the order Palpigradi in the class Arachnida , in the subphylum Chelicerata of the phylum Arthropoda .
The Sri Lanka bush warbler , Ceylon bush warbler or Palliser 's warbler ( Elaphrornis palliseri ) is an Old World warbler which is an endemic resident breeder in Sri Lanka , where it is the only bush warbler .
Oligobuninae is an extinct subfamily of the family Mustelidae .
Merriam 's pocket gopher ( Cratogeomys merriami ) is a species of rodent in the family Geomyidae .
The Anchieta 's cobra ( Naja anchietae ) , also called the Angolan cobra is a species of cobra in the Elapidae family ; it is native to the southern regions of Africa .
Panarica is a genus in the orchid family ( Orchidaceae ) and contains 6 species .
Spider monkeys of the genus Ateles are New World monkeys in the subfamily Atelinae , family Atelidae .
The Jamaican blackbird ( Nesopsar nigerrimus ) is a species of bird in the New World blackbird and oriole family Icteridae .
Magnistipula is a genus of plant in family Chrysobalanaceae described as a genus in 1905 .
Hypodematium glabrum Ching ex Shing Hypodematium glandulosum Ching ex Shing Hypodematium glanduloso - pilosum ( Tagawa ) Ohwi Hypodematium gracile Ching Hypodematium microlepioides Ching ex Shing Hypodematium phegopteroideum Kuhn Hypodematium sinense Iwatsuki Hypodematium squamuloso - pilosum Ching Hypodematium taiwanensis Ching ex Shing Hypodematium is the type genus of the family Hypodematiaceae .
Garra dembeensis ( the Dembea stone lapper or Cameroon logsucker ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Garra .
Myiagra is a genus of passerine birds in family Monarchidae , the monarch flycatchers , sometimes referred to as the broad - billed flycatchers or simply broadbills ( not to be confused with the broadbills of the family Eurylaimidae ) .
Fabian Michaels competed in all three throws at the 2004 Summer Paralympics and even showed his versatility by running a leg of the South African 4x100 m relay team , but it was in the javelin that he won a silver medal .
George Borba ( Hebrew : ג'ורג ' בורבה‎ ; born in 1944 in Italy ) , is a former Israeli international footballer who was part of the squad that competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1970 FIFA World Cup , Israel 's only world cup appearance .
Raymond Passello ( 12 January 1905 in Geneva-- 16 March 1987 ) was a Swiss footballer who played for Switzerland in the 1934 FIFA World Cup .
Coral Bentley ( born 30 December 1984 in Dandenong , Victoria ) is a retired Australian synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Hélène de Pourtalès ( 28 April 1868 New York -- 2 November 1945 Geneva ) , born as Helen Barbey , was a Swiss sailor who competed in the 1900 Summer Olympics .
Axel Alfredsson ( 2 May 1902 -- 9 August 1966 ) was a Swedish association football player who won a bronze medal at the 1924 Summer Olympics .
Zvi Rosen ( Hebrew : צבי רוזן‎ ; born 23 June 1947 ) is an Israeli former international footballer who competed at the 1970 FIFA World Cup , as well as at the 1968 Summer Olympics .
Jean - Louis Prianon ( born February 22 , 1960 in Saint - Joseph , Réunion ) is a retired long - distance runner from France , who represented his native country in the men 's 10,000 metres at the 1988 Summer Olympics , finishing in fourth place .
Donald Wailan - Walalangi ( born April 14 , 1960 ) is a retired tennis player from Indonesia , who represented his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea .
Catherine Melain ( born 19 May 1974 ) is a French former basketball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Mikhail Zhelobovskiy ( Belarusian : Міхаіл Жэлабоўскі ; born 8 May 1946 ) is a Belarusian former long - distance runner who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics .
Seo Joo - hyung ( born 25 March 1980 ) is a South Korean sport shooter who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Ralf Brudel ( born 6 February 1963 in Potsdam ) is a retired German rower who won a gold medal in 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul .
Adam Wiercioch ( born November 1 , 1980 in Gliwice , Śląskie ) is a Polish fencer who won a silver medal in Men 's Team Épée ( Fencing ) at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing , together with Tomasz Motyka , Radosław Zawrotniak , and Robert Andrzejuk .
Jean - François Berthet ( born 23 August 1969 ) is a French yacht racer who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics .
Fiona Crawford ( born 21 February 1977 in Sydney ) is a softball player from Australia , who won a bronze medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics and a silver medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
In 2013 Bibian Mentel qualified for the 2014 Winter Paralympics .
Olle Håkansson ( born 22 February 1927 , died 11 February 2001 ) is a Swedish football midfielder who played for Sweden in the 1958 FIFA World Cup .
Hansje Bunschoten ( born 3 May 1958 in Hilversum , North Holland ) is a former freestyle swimmer from the Netherlands , who competed for her native country at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich , West Germany .
Steve Gay ( born September 1 , 1947 in La Paz , Bolivia ) is a former U.S. collegiate soccer forward who was on the U.S. soccer team at the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Sanja Malagurski ( Serbian Cyrillic : Сања Малагурски ; born 8 June 1990 ) is a Serbian volleyball player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Karma Tenzin ( born 1 December 1972 ) , is a archer who internationally represented Bhutan Tenzin competed for Bhutan at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , he finished 71st in the individual event and the three man team finished 20th .
Ami Aspelund has participated in Rostock Festival in 1981 , in Eurovision Song Contest 1983 `` Fantasiaa '' ( `` Fantasy '' , music by Kari Kuusamo and lyrics by Kaisu Liuhala ) where she finished in 11th place with 41 points .
Yordan Angelov ( Bulgarian : Йордан Ангелов , August 28 , 1953 -- May 5 , 2013 ) was a Bulgarian volleyball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Rodolfo Choperena Irizarri ( born February 11 , 1905 , date of death unknown ) was a Mexican basketball player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Sun Ribo ( born December 18 , 1976 in Zhangwu ) is a former Chinese biathlete who competed in the 1998 Winter Olympics , the 2002 Winter Olympics and the 2006 Winter Olympics .
Dieter Waskow ( born 24 June 1957 in Rostock ) is a German former diver who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Federico Roman won an individual gold medal in eventing at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow .
Erik Winnberg ( July 22 , 1895 in Östersund , Jämtland -- May 5 , 1981 ) was a Swedish cross country skier who competed in the 1924 Winter Olympics .
Twin Twin also represented France in the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Copenhagen , Denmark , with the song `` Moustache '' .
Sloan Doak ( January 28 , 1886 -- August 10 , 1965 ) was an American horse rider who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics , in the 1924 Summer Olympics , and in the 1928 Summer Olympics .
Kevin Rigby ( born 4 July 1942 ) is a former field hockey player from New Zealand , who was a member of the national men 's team that finished ninth at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich .
Larbi Benboudaoud ( born 5 March 1974 in Bordj Zemoura , Algeria ) is a judoka from France , who won the silver medal in the half lightweight ( -- 66 kg ) division at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney , Australia .
Massimo Giacoppo ( 10 May 1983 ) is an Italian Water Polo player , part of the Italian team that won the silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics .
Jiří Sobotka ( 6 June 1911 -- 20 May 1994 ) , aka Georges Sobotka , is a former Czechoslovak footballer , who played internationally for Czechoslovakia ( 23 caps , 8 goals ) , and participated at the 1934 FIFA World Cup when Czechoslovakia came in second .
Jacinta van Lint ( born 27 March 1979 ) is an Australian freestyle swimmer who won a silver medal in the 4x200-metre freestyle relay at the 2000 Summer Olympics .
József Bencsics ( 6 August 1933 ) was a Hungarian footballer who played for Haladás , Újpest FC and Pécsi Dózsa as well as representing the Hungarian national football team at the 1958 FIFA World Cup .
Previously , José Mari was a member of the national squad which won the silver medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney .
Ioannis Giannouris ( born 13 January 1958 ) is a retired Greek water polo player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Vladimir Bakulin ( 3 September 1939 -- 10 December 2012 ) was a Kazakhstani wrestler who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics .
Eddy Bengtsson ( born April 30 , 1979 in Gothenburg ) is a Swedish retired wrestler who competed in the Men 's Greco - Roman 120 kg at the 2004 Summer Olympics and 2000 Summer Olympics .
Gisela Jacob ( née Gisela Arendt ; 5 November 1918 -- 18 February 1969 ) was a German swimmer who won three medals at the 1934 European Aquatics Championships and two medals at the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Rudolph Novak ( 29 January 1887 in Chroustovice -- 16 October 1968 in Cedar Rapids , Iowa ) was an American gymnast who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics .
Jürgen Hasler ( born 7 May 1973 ) is a Liechtenstein former alpine skier who competed in the 1994 Winter Olympics , 1998 Winter Olympics and 2002 Winter Olympics .
Amanda Laird ( born 12 August 1978 ) is an Australian former synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Alexis Vastine ( 17 November 1986 -- 9 March 2015 ) was a French boxer who won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the Light Welterweight division .
Henry Brault ( born 29 March 1928 ) is a former French sprinter who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Wolfgang Behrendt ( 14 July 1936 in Berlin ) was a bantamweight amateur boxer from East Germany , who competed for the United Team of Germany at the 1956 Summer Olympics .
Said Saif Asaad ( born Angel Popov ; May 31 , 1979 in Bulgaria ) , is a Qatari weightlifter who competed in the Men 's 105 kg weight class at the 2000 Summer Olympics and won a bronze medal .
Jean Alavoine was a French professional cyclist , who won 17 stages in the Tour de France - only eight riders have won more stages - and wore the yellow jersey for five days .
František Janda - Suk ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈfrancɪʃɛk ˈjanda ˈsuk ) ) ( March 25 , 1878 -- June 23 , 1955 ) was a Czech athlete who competed for Bohemia in the 1900 Summer Olympics and in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Simmone Morrow ( born 31 October 1976 in Cowell , South Australia ) is a softball player from Australia , who won a bronze medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics and a silver medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Godfrey Castro ( born April 20 , 1985 ) is an amateur boxer from the Philippines who competed in the Light Flyweight ( -48 kg ) division at the 2006 Asian Games winning the bronze medal in a lost bout in the semifinals against Thailand 's Suban Pannon 20 - 40 .
Mario José García Rodriguez ( born 15 July 1983 ) is a Spanish water polo player who competed in the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics .
Siegfried Voigt ( born October 3 , 1950 in Schneeberg , Saxony ) is a former East German handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Alois Dvořáček ( born January 26 , 1909 , date of death unknown ) was a Czech basketball player who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Michel Daignault ( born June 25 , 1966 ) is a Canadian short track speed skater who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics and in the 1992 Winter Olympics .
Can Bonomo ( born 16 May 1987 , İzmir ) is a Turkish singer who represented Turkey in the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 in Baku , Azerbaijan .
Jan Małkowiak ( May 20 , 1919 in Gelsenkirchen , Germany -- July 26 , 1991 in Gniezno ) was a Polish field hockey player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Zou Zhenxian ( simplified Chinese : 邹振先 ; traditional Chinese : 鄒振先 ; pinyin : Zōu Zhènxiān ; born November 10 , 1955 ) is a retired Chinese triple jumper , best known for finishing fourth at the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Anke Wild ( born October 12 , 1967 in Rüsselsheim , Hessen ) is a former field hockey player from Germany , who was a member of the Women 's National Team that won the silver medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , Spain .
Rodolfo Rombaldoni ( born December 15 , 1976 ) is a basketball player from Sant'Elpidio a Mare , Italy , who won the silver medal with the Italian men 's national team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece .
Neiokõsõ is an Estonian group who represented their country in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004 with the song `` Tii '' ( ' road ' ) and came 12th in the Semi - Final with 57 points .
Hiromi Kawabata ( 川畑宏美 , born 23 March 1979 ) is a Japanese former basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Omer Taverne ( Binche , 27 July 1904 -- Binche , 10 October 1981 ) was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer , who won two stages in the Tour de France .
Vincent Lafko ( born June 7 , 1945 in Hranovnica , died December 15 , 2012 in Prešov ) is a Czechoslovak / Slovak handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Delroy Leslie ( born February 27 , 1970 ) is a retired boxer from Jamaica , who competed for his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , Spain .
Mohamed Mkacher ( Arabic : محمد مكشر‎ ) ( born 25 May 1975 in Sousse ) was a Tunisian football defender who also was nominated for the Tunisian national team at the 2002 FIFA World Cup .
Oswald Rathmann ( born 21 July 1891 , date of death unknown ) was a German road racing cyclist who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Horst Stottmeister ( born 7 January 1948 , in Stendal ) is a German former wrestler who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Élodie Lorandi ( born in Cannes on 31 May 1989 ) is a French Paralympic swimmer who won silver at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in the 200 m individual medley SM10 .
Alberto Cova ( born December 1 , 1958 ) is a retired Italian long - distance track athlete , winner of the 10,000 m at the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Wilhelm Brem ( born 23 November 1977 ) is a Paralympic biathlete and cross - country skier competing for Germany at the 2010 Winter Paralympics .
Kennedy McKinney ( born January 10 , 1966 in Hernando , Mississippi ) is an American former professional boxer , who won the bantamweight gold medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Hwang Chul - soon ( Hangul : 황철순 ; born 13 September 1957 ) is a South Korean former boxer who competed as a bantam - weight ( 54-kg class ) in the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Radosław Zawrotniak ( born September 2 , 1981 in Kraków , Małopolskie ) is a Polish fencer who won a silver medal in Men 's Team Épée ( Fencing ) at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing , together with Tomasz Motyka , Adam Wiercioch , and Robert Andrzejuk .
Saburo Ito ( Japanese : 伊藤 三郎 , Itō Saburō , born July 18 , 1915 ) is a Japanese breaststroke swimmer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Michel Turler ( May 14 , 1944 - April 8 , 2010 ) was a former Swiss professional ice hockey forward who played for HC La Chaux - de - Fonds and EHC Biel in the National League A. He also represented the Swiss national team at the 1972 Winter Olympics .
Antonio Pocovi ( January 20 , 1922 - November 18 , 2004 ) was an Argentine athlete who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics in the 400 m and the 4 x 400 m relay , in both events he finished 3rd in the first round and failed to advance .
Vasilijus Matuševas ( October 18 , 1945 -- October 24 , 1989 ) was a Lithuanian former volleyball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1968 Summer Olympics .
Ng Joo Pong ( born 19 June 1946 ) is a Malaysian cyclist who represented Malaysia at the 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1966 Asian Games .
Gbenga Oloukun ( born June 14 , 1983 ) is a boxer from Nigeria , who participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics for his native West African country .
At age 21 , Ervin Zádor represented Hungary at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne .
José Norberto Huezo Montoya ( born 6 June 1956 ) is a retired football player from El Salvador who represented his country at the 1982 FIFA World Cup in Spain .
Marat Ganeyev ( born 6 December 1964 in Naberezhnye Chelny , Soviet Union ) is a retired track cyclist from Russia , who won the bronze medal for the Soviet Union in the men 's points race at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea .
Nicolas Charbonnier ( born 4 August 1981 ) is a French sailor , Olympic athlete who won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics Games ( Beijing China ) .
John Cleve Livingston ( born May 24 , 1947 ) is an American rower who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Ebrahim Mehraban ( Persian : ابراهیم مهربان‎‎ , born 11 February 1972 ) is an Iranian former wrestler who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics .
Iliyan Nedkov ( Bulgarian : Илиян Недков ) ( born 18 March 1958 ) is a Bulgarian former judoka who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
In 2011 , Pauline Hoarau won the Elite Model Look conquest in Réunion and represented her island at the international final .
Nicole Struse ( born May 31 , 1971 in Haan , North Rhine Westphalia ) is a table tennis player from Germany , who won several national contests and reached round three with Elke Wosik in the Women 's Doubles Competition at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Ignacio Cobos Vidal ( born June 12 , 1966 in Madrid ) is a former field hockey player from Spain , who won the silver medal with the Men 's National Team at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia .
Barbara Deckx ( born 22 January 1974 in Turnhout ) , better known by her stage name Barbara Dex , is a Belgian singer who represented her country in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993 with the song `` Iemand als jij '' .
Hermann Salomon ( born 13 April 1938 in Danzig ) is a German former javelin thrower who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics , in the 1964 Summer Olympics , and in the 1968 Summer Olympics .
Kevin Paul ( born 30 June 1991 ) is a South African swimmer who received a gold medal at the 2008 Summer Paralympics held in Beijing .
Atanas Shopov ( born 4 October 1951 ) is a Bulgarian former weightlifter who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Ace Rusevski ( born November 30 , 1956 in Kumanovo , SFR Yugoslavia , now Republic of Macedonia ) is a retired Macedonian boxer , who represented Yugoslavia at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal , Canada .
Gustav Harry Jansson ( also known as Harry Jangneus , June 4 , 1916 -- March 11 , 2002 ) was a Swedish speed skater who competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics .
Glennis Grace ( born as Glenda Hulita Elisabeth Batta , 19 June 1978 , Amsterdam ) is a singer from the Netherlands who in 2005 won the national selection in the Netherlands for the Eurovision Song Contest 2005 for the nation .
Greg Windsperger ( born December 30 , 1951 in Minneapolis ) is an American former ski jumper who competed in the 1976 Winter Olympics .
Mateusz Gucman ( born April 19 , 1980 in Głubczyce ) is a Polish Freestyle wrestler who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing .
Jelica Komnenović ( born 20 April 1960 ) is a former basketball player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1980 Summer Olympics and in the 1984 Summer Olympics .
In the end , Anabela won , and on May 15 , she went on to represent Portugal in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993 in Millstreet , Ireland , with the song she performed at the Festival RTP da Canção , `` A cidade ( até ser dia ) '' ( The city , until dawn ) .
Deborah Criddle MBE ( born on 10 May 1966 ) is a British para - equestrian who won three gold medals at the 2004 Summer Paralympics and three medals at the 2012 Summer Paralympics .
On 18 February 2009 , Stephane & 3 G participated again and won the Georgian national final , therefore the band were going to represent Georgia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Moscow , Russia , with the song We Do n't Wanna Put In .
Wang Manli ( Chinese : 王曼丽 , Wáng Mànlì , born 17 March 1973 ) is a Chinese ice speed skater who won a silver medal in the Women 's 500 m at the 2006 Winter Olympics .
Silvio Pietroboni ( born 9 April 1904 in Milan ; died 18 February 1987 ) was an Italian football ( soccer ) player who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics .
Margaux Farrell ( born August 22 , 1990 ) is an American - born swimmer who has represented France in international competition , and who won a bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics .
Douglas Winston ( born 16 December 1932 ) is an Australian former sprinter who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics .
Jonathan Guilmette ( born August 18 , 1978 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Canadian short track speed skater who won silver in the 5000 m relay at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin .
Ho Chi Ho ( born 20 February 1981 ) is a sailor from Hong Kong , China who won a silver medal at the 2006 Asian Games in the mistral heavy class .
`` Grandma 's Hands '' is a song written by Bill Withers about his own grandmother .
For Swingin ' Livers Only ! is an album by Allan Sherman , released by Warner Brothers Records in 1964 .
Bloody Men is the 20th studio album by the British electric folk band Steeleye Span .
The Longest EP is a compilation album by the American punk rock band NOFX , which was released on August 17 , 2010 .
Damaged Justice was the fourth concert tour by the American thrash metal band Metallica .
Suicide Train is the second album of New Zealand band , Ghost Club released in 2005 .
Close to Perfection is a 1985 Hi - NRG album by Miquel Brown , produced by Ian Levine and Fiachra Trench .
Anchor Drops is Umphrey 's McGee 's third studio album , released on June 29 , 2004 .
`` San Francisco ( You 've Got Me ) '' is a disco song by the American disco group Village People .
Is This My World ? was the debut album by Boston hardcore punk band Jerry 's Kids .
`` Scared of the Police '' is the debut single by Surrey - based rock band Reuben .
Healthy in Paranoid Times is the sixth studio album by Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace , released on August 30 , 2005 by Columbia Records .
Mexico Azul ( Blue Mexico ) , is the sixth studio album by the Latin jazz Mexican singer Magos Herrera .
`` Na Na Nana Na Na '' is a song by American hip hop recording artist Jim Jones , released as the second single from his fourth studio album , Pray IV Reign ( 2009 ) .
Good Gracious ! is an album by jazz saxophonist Lou Donaldson recorded for the Blue Note label in 1963 and performed by Donaldson with Grant Green , Big John Patton , and Ben Dixon .
Pictures of the Other Side is the third studio album to have been released by British singer - songwriter and former Pop Idol runner - up , Gareth Gates .
We Came to Party is an album recorded by the R&B performer Roy Brown .
A Predator 's Portrait is the third full - length studio album released by the Swedish melodic death metal band , Soilwork .
Electric Version is the second studio album by Canadian indie rock group The New Pornographers .
R.E.V.O. is the third studio album and debut major - label album by Canadian indie band Walk off the Earth .
What Do You Know About Love ? is an album by singer and actress Della Reese .
Thuggin ' Under the Influence ( T.U.I. ) is the debut studio album by American rapper Young Jeezy , under the initial name `` Li'l J '' .
Street Language is the title of the fourth studio album released by American country music artist Rodney Crowell .
Hello Hum is the fifth album by Canadian indie rock band Wintersleep , released on June 12 , 2012 .
`` Y Todo Queda en Nada '' ( English : `` And Everything Ends in Nothing '' ) is the fifth single from Ricky Martin 's album , Almas del Silencio ( 2003 ) .
Will of the Gods is Great Power was the debut and only album of the Russian doom metal band Scald .
Groove Family Cyco / Snapped Lika Mutha is the 3rd album by Infectious Grooves , a 1994 concept record about a family of crazy people ( the ' Cycos ' ) .
`` Bizzy Body '' is the first single by Houston rapper Paul Wall from his studio album Fast Life .
Wide World Hits is the title of a recording by the instrumental group The String - A - Longs , released on Atco SD 33 - 241 .
`` Causing a Commotion '' is a song by American singer Madonna from the soundtrack album to the 1987 film Who 's That Girl .
`` I Know ( You Do n't Love Me No More ) '' is a R&B song written and performed by American singer Barbara George .
Pickin ' & Fiddlin ' is the third album by bluegrass group The Dillards , recorded with up and coming fiddle player Byron Berline .
Burn Out at the Hydrogen Bar is an album by industrial rock band Chemlab .
`` Lightning Crashes '' is a song by the rock band Live , from their 1994 album , Throwing Copper .
`` Too Shy '' is a song written and recorded by English band Kajagoogoo , released in 1983 .
Historical America in Song , released in 1950 by Encyclopædia Britannica Films , is an album set by folk singer Burl Ives .
`` Li'l Red Riding Hood '' is a 1966 song performed by Sam the Sham and the Pharaohs .
December 's Children ( And Everybody 's ) is the fifth American studio album by The Rolling Stones , released in late 1965 .
Premonición is the third studio album by David Bisbal that was released on 3 October 2006 .
A Dead Rose Wails for Light is a single by Sri Lanka - based heavy metal band , Stigmata .
`` Golden Love '' is the fifth single from New Zealand band Midnight Youth 's debut album , The Brave Do n't Run .
Soul Exposed is the seventeenth album by singer Melba Moore , released in 1990 .
Laws of Illusion is the seventh studio album by Canadian singer - songwriter Sarah McLachlan .
Casually Smashed to Pieces is the fifth studio album ( not including their remix album ) from post - rock band The Six Parts Seven .
Days in the Wake is an album by Palace Brothers , featuring Will Oldham on guitar and vocals .
The Weather is a collaboration album among rappers Busdriver and Radioinactive and record producer Daedelus .
`` Grip ! '' is the 24th single by the Japanese J - pop group Every Little Thing , released on March 12 , 2003 .
Born in the Delta is an album by blues pianist Pinetop Perkins that was released on May 27 , 1997 .
Brannan Street is a collection of songs that were never on an American Music Club record - or a Mark Eitzel solo record .
Oniriad is the third album by the Polish symphonic black metal band Darzamat which was released in 2003 and was recorded at their own studio The Post Street Studio in Poland .
Mes Courants Électriques ( English : My Electric Currents ) is the second studio album by the French singer Alizée .
`` Love You Like Mad '' is the debut single by British band VS , and the first from their debut studio album , All Kinds of Trouble .
Journey Inwards is the first full - length release by drum and bass artist LTJ Bukem which is composed entirely of his own music .
Essence of Soul ( a.k.a . Essence of Soul : The Hits Collection ) is a compilation album by Filipino R&B singer Kyla .
`` Some Kind of Lover '' was the fourth single from Jody Watley 's self - titled debut , Jody Watley .
`` Ring My Bell '' is a 1979 disco song by Anita Ward .
`` Did My Time '' is a song written and recorded by American rock band Korn for the film , Lara Croft Tomb Raider :
A Tribute to the Delmore Brothers is an album by American country music duo The Louvin Brothers , released in 1960 .
Dual Mono is the third album by The Greenhornes , released on October 15 , 2002 .
Lava Ground is the debut album from Jamaican reggae artist I Wayne .
Shaved and Dangerous is the second studio album by Australian band the Baby Animals , released in 1993
Soul Story is an album by organist Charles Earland which was recorded in 1971 and released on the Prestige label .
The Day of Wrath is the major - label debut album of the Italian blackened speed metal band Bulldozer , released in 1985 .
`` Open Your Window '' is the third single by Reverend and The Makers , from their debut album The State of Things .
The Serpent Servant is the second album by Christian deathcore band Impending Doom .
The Loudest Engine is the third studio album of London - based Australian indie rock band Howling Bells .
`` Call Me When You 're Sober '' is a song by American rock band Evanescence .
`` Passin ' Me By '' is a song by American hip - hop group The Pharcyde , released in March 1993 through Delicious Vinyl Records .
Four ( Acts of Love ) is the sixth studio album by Australian singer - songwriter Mick Harvey - and his second since leaving Nick Cave & The Bad Seeds .
Heart String is the fifth studio album by Earl Klugh released in 1978 .
Cupid Shoot Me is the second album by Remi Nicole , released in the UK on 31 August .
Destructo Doll is Canadian actress and singer - songwriter Cassie Steele 's second studio album .
`` The Night Sky '' is a song written and performed by English rock band Keane .
Violent by Design is the second album by underground hip hop group Jedi Mind Tricks .
Love in Us All is an album by American saxophonist and composer Pharoah Sanders released on the Impulse ! label .
`` The Words That Maketh Murder '' is a song by the English alternative rock musician PJ Harvey .
Kore Ga Mayaku Da is an album by Afrirampo , released on John Zorn 's Tzadik label .
`` Thinkin ' of a Rendezvous '' is a country music song written by Bobby Braddock and Sonny Throckmorton , and recorded by Johnny Duncan .
Diamond in the Riff is a 2008 album by American jazz musician Terry Silverlight , featuring pianist / composer Barry Miles , bassist Will Lee , and musical contributors David Mann , Aaron Heick , Glenn Alexander , Tabitha Fair , Lew Soloff , Bob Malach , Larry Farrell and Allan Molnar .
`` Drinking in L.A. '' is a song by Canadian electronica collective Bran Van 3000 , released as the band 's first single ; in the U.S. `` Drinking in L.A. '' failed to generate interest from Alternative stations , yet in the UK and Canada it continues to generate airplay .
Around the World in 80 Years is a Jazz album by Bucky Pizzarelli , released in 2006 .
`` Psychotic Reaction '' is a song released by the American garage rock band Count Five in 1965 , and also the title of their only studio album .
`` Everybody Wants to Be Like You '' is a song by Canadian pop / reggae singer Snow , from his 2000 album , Mind on the Moon .
`` Ti Voglio Qui '' is the second single by Australian pop singer Tina Arena from her 1997 album In Deep and the Italian version of its hit lead single Burn .
From Your Grave is the debut album by American melodic death metal band , The Absence .
Revolution on Ice was the third and final studio album by Gumball .
Common Existence is the fifth full - length album from rock band Thursday .
Nothin But Love is the 16th studio album by blues guitarist Robert Cray .
So Tonight That I Might See is the second studio album by the American dream pop band Mazzy Star , released on October 5 , 1993 .
Shine Eyed Mister Zen is the third album by American blues artist Kelly Joe Phelps , released in 1999 .
Diverse Recourse is a 2007 release from Underground hip hop producer Joe Beats .
`` Galaxy Supernova '' is the eighth Japanese single by South Korean girl group Girls ' Generation .
Those Damn Bandits is the first full length release by the then - ska band The Pharmaceutical Bandits , now known as Rx Bandits .
The Candlelight Years is an Opeth box set compiling their first three albums Orchid , Morningrise , and My Arms , Your Hearse , originally released on Candlelight Records .
`` Tuesday Afternoon '' ( sometimes referred to as `` Forever Afternoon ( Tuesday ? ) '' , or simply `` Forever Afternoon '' ) is a 1968 single by English symphonic rock band The Moody Blues , which was presented in its original album form on their 1967 album Days of Future Passed in two parts .
`` Do n't Phunk with My Heart '' ( censored as `` Do n't Mess with My Heart '' ) is a song recorded by American recording group The Black Eyed Peas , taken from the fourth studio album Monkey Business ( 2005 ) .
Written by Howard Ashman and Alan Menken and performed by Pat Carroll , `` Poor Unfortunate Souls '' is sung to Princess Ariel by Ursula the Sea Witch .
Your Luv is a song released by the South Korean boy band MBLAQ .
`` I Want to Take You Higher '' is a song by the soul / rock / funk band Sly and the Family Stone , the B - side to their Top 30 hit `` Stand ! '' .
Wish I Was All Flames is the second studio full - length album by the Montreal - based instrumental shoegaze band Destroyalldreamers , released on October 23 , 2007 , on Where Are My records .
Ampeauty is the fifth album of the Austrian death metal band Pungent Stench .
See the World Given to a One Love Entity is the second album from Brooklyn , New York psychedelic rock band Guardian Alien .
The Scene Is Not for Sale is the second and last album by the L.A. punk rock band Glue Gun .
It 's All Over is the second single from Déjà Vu , the sixth album by Blue System .
`` Crying Out for Me '' is an R&B song from Mario 's third studio album Go , which was released on December 11 , 2007 and is the second official single .
`` Muddy Mississippi Line '' is a single by American country pop artist Bobby Goldsboro .
`` Love Is on Her Mind '' is the second single released by freestyle singer Sa - Fire from her 1988 eponymous debut .
La Mano Cornuda is the second studio album by the American rock and roll band Supersuckers .
Re - ac - tor is the eleventh studio album by Canadian musician Neil Young , and his fourth with Crazy Horse , released in 1981 .
Performance and Cocktails is the second studio album by Welsh rock band Stereophonics .
`` Run to Paradise '' is a single by Australian hard rock group The Choirboys which reached No . 3 on the Australian Kent Music Report Singles Chart in October 1987 .
`` I Know Where It 's At '' is a song by English - Canadian girl group All Saints , released as the debut single from their self - titled album All Saints .
In Praise of Dreams is a jazz album by Jan Garbarek released in 2004 on ECM .
Fat Albert Rotunda is the eighth album by jazz keyboardist Herbie Hancock , released in 1970 .
Unimagine is the second album by Australian post - hardcore band Hands Like Houses , released on July 23 , 2013 on Rise Records .
Rock and Roll Lullaby is the ninth studio album by American country music artist Jessi Colter , released in 1984 by Triad Records , her first and only release for the label .
Dear Lonely Hearts is a 1962 studio album by Nat King Cole , arranged by Belford Hendricks .
The Karelian Isthmus is the title of the third release\first full - length studio LP album of Finnish metal band Amorphis , released in 1992 .
`` Running with the Night '' was the second single released from Lionel Richie 's multi - platinum and Grammy Award - winning 1983 album , Ca n't Slow Down .
Maiden Japan , also known as Heavy Metal Army , is a live EP by the British heavy metal band Iron Maiden .
In 1990 American vocalist Oleta Adams recorded the song which became a major international hit , reaching the Top 5 in the UK Adams ' version of `` Get Here '' , co - produced by Roland Orzabal from the band Tears for Fears , became her signature song .
A Wild - Eyed Christmas Night is the eleventh studio album by the southern rock band 38 Special , released in 2001 .
`` Awake and Alive '' is the third single of the 2009 album Awake by the Christian rock band Skillet .
`` So Strange '' is the fourth single by German synthpop band Cetu Javu , released in 1989 .
Sotahuuto is the sixth studio album by the Finnish black metal band Horna .
Nukkuu is the second album by Lau Nau , released in 2008 .
Magic Triangle is the 11th album by trumpeter Dave Douglas .
Good to Go - Go is the twenty - ninth album by Spyro Gyra , recorded and released on June 12 , 2007 .
Ooky Spooky is the fifth studio album by Cuban American dark cabaret / Dark Wave singer Voltaire .
S gol v rukata ... ( With Naked ... in Hand ) is the third studio album by the Bulgarian rock band Hipodil , released in 1996 under the Riva Sound label .
Welcome to the Masquerade is the fifth studio album by Canadian Christian hard rock band Thousand Foot Krutch .
Retráctate was the second studio album from the Chilean pop band Supernova .
`` Keep a Lid on Things '' is a song by Canadian group Crash Test Dummies and was the first single from their 1999 album Give Yourself a Hand .
Walking in the Light is a compilation album of gospel songs by Cliff Richard .
Flor de Papel ( Paper flower ) 's the fourth album by Mexican rock singer Alejandra Guzmán .
The Morning Passengers EP is the acoustic sessions album recorded and produced by Green River Ordinance .
Ab Khud Kuch Karna Paray Ga ( Urdu : اب خود کچھ کرنا پڑے گا , literal English translation : `` Now we have to do something ourselves '' ) is a single from the Pakistani pop rock band Strings featuring former Jal vocalist Atif Aslam , released on July 16 , 2010 by 2 Republic Music Group .
`` Ca n't Get You Out of My Thoughts '' is a song by Dum Dums , released as their second single in 2000 .
Sex Objects is the third full - length studio album by The Briefs , released in 2004 on CD , and yellow and black vinyl .
23 Minutes Over Brussels is a recording of a live performance by Suicide on June 16 , 1978 at the Ancienne Belgique in Brussels , Belgium , while supporting Elvis Costello and The Clash .
Success & Failure is a retail mixtape by rapper Chingy , it was released on September 7 , 2010 .
The Path of Totality is the tenth studio album by American nu metal band Korn , released on December 2 , 2011 in Europe and December 6 , 2011 in the US .
Tong Gwo Hong Hung ( 糖果航空 ; Candy 's Airline ) is Candy Lo 's 7th studio album .
Höfuðlausnir was an album released in May 1988 by Icelandic rock singer Megas .
This Is the Modern World is the second studio album by British band The Jam , released in November 1977 , less than seven months after their debut .
Life in the Streets is the debut album by reggae musician , Prince Ital Joe and the third album by rapper , Marky Mark .
Licker 's Last Leg is the first full length studio album by Goon Moon , and the follow - up to 2005 's I Got a Brand New Egg Layin ' Machine .
$ O$ is the debut album by South African rap - rave group Die Antwoord .
`` Dancing to the Same Song '' is the third single from Australian recording artist Elen Levon .
Acre Thrills is the fourth full - length LP by the Chicago - based experimental rock quartet U.S. Maple .
In a Word or 2 is the second and final album released by Monie Love .
Oh No , It 's Love is the second album by Canadian pop band The Bicycles .
The Human Atom Bombs is the third album by the punk rock band , Randy .
The Great Awakening is the fourth studio album from the Christian rock band Leeland , released on September 20 , 2011 .
Thrakattak ( written with consonants capitalized as THRaKaTTaK on the album cover ) is a live album by the band King Crimson , released in 1996 .
Grow Your Own is the fourth album and third studio album released by the folk rock band ThaMuseMeant in 2000 .
`` Trapecista '' ( Eng . : Trapecist ) is the sixth single released by Enrique Iglesias from his debut album .
Ode to Mingus is an album by the American jazz drummer Dannie Richmond recorded in 1979 and released on the Italian Soul Note label .
Electribal Memories is the only album by the house - music group Electribe 101 .
Boss Horn is an album by American trumpeter Blue Mitchell recorded in 1966 and released on the Blue Note label .
Pictured Within was the first studio album from Deep Purple 's Jon Lord in sixteen years .
`` Just Let the Sun '' is the second released from Skin 's second album Fake Chemical State .
Instrumental Tourist is a studio album by Canadian musician Tim Hecker and American musician Daniel Lopatin ( Oneohtrix Point Never ) .
American Teenage Rock ' n ' Roll Machine is the second studio album by American rock band band The Donnas , released in 1998 on Lookout!.
The Intergalactic Collection ~ギャラコレ~ was a greatest - hits album released on March 5 , 2003 by the Japanese hip - hop group , M - Flo , continuing the group 's recurring sci - fi theme and containing singles from 2000 's Planet Shining and 2001 's Expo Expo .
Rising Above Bedlam is an album by Jah Wobble 's Invaders of the Heart released by Oval Records in 1991 .
The Kids & Me is the ninth studio album by Billy Preston , released in 1974 , after his famous tour in Europe .
Les Soul Men is a hugely successful 2013 cover album by French international R&B trio Vigon Bamy Jay composed of English and French classics and at times a bilingual combined English / French interpretations .
`` Right Here for U '' is the third and final single released from 112 's 2003 album , Hot & Wet , released as digital download .
Trust in God is a 1984 album by soul singer Al Green .
Hearts in the Air is an English language song performed by Swedish singer Eric Saade and J - Son .
`` Baby Talks Dirty '' is a 1980 Top 40 single written by Doug Fieger and Berton Averre from The Knack 's second album , ...
Get in Touch with Yourself is the title of the third studio album by the British pop group Swing Out Sister .
Fallen Angel of Doom is Blasphemy 's first full - length album , released in 1990 .
Drop It in Their Laps is The Cops ' second studio album , released in April 2007 , and marked a radical change of direction from the band 's earlier work .
`` Sad Songs ( Say So Much ) '' is a song by Elton John and is the closing track on the 1984 album Breaking Hearts .
`` Good Lovin' ( Makes It Right ) '' is a 1971 song written by Billy Sherrill and recorded by Tammy Wynette .
Sings the Blues is a solo album by American rapper Pigeon John .
The Show Must Go is Canadian pop rock group Hedley 's third studio album and was released on November 17 , 2009 in Canada .
Ten Year Night is the third solo album by American singer - songwriter Lucy Kaplansky , released in 1999 .
Perstechnique is the fourth studio album by the Finnish industrial metal band Turmion Kätilöt , released on 23 February 2011 .
Success Is Certain is the fifth album by rapper Royce da 5'9 `` and his last independent album , released on August 9 , 2011 .
`` Strawberry Letter 23 '' is a song written and composed by Shuggie Otis , and best known by the version recorded by The Brothers Johnson , which Quincy Jones produced .
`` Had It All '' is the first single from American singer Katharine McPhee 's second studio album , Unbroken , which was released on January 5 , 2010 .
`` Start ! '' is the eleventh UK single release by punk rock band , The Jam and their second number - one , following `` Going Underground''/``Dreams of Children '' .
Dick 's Picks Volume 25 is a four - CD album by the rock group the Grateful Dead .
Released on the 3rd Stone label in February 2001 , Returning Jesus is British art rock band No - Man 's fourth album .
Awkward Annie is the seventh studio album by English contemporary folk musician Kate Rusby , released on 3 September 2007 on Pure Records .
The Fuel is a collaborative EP by Brooklyn - based rappers Koncept and J57 .
The Bad Days EP is the last single to be taken from Space 's 1998 album Tin Planet .
The Gunman and Other Stories is the seventh studio album issued by the English pop band Prefab Sprout .
This Is Not What You Had Planned is the debut mini - album from Reading singer - songwriter Ben Marwood , released on 4 August 2008 via Broken Tail Records .
`` Motionless and White '' is a song by Eighteen Visions , and was the final single from The Best of Eighteen Visions .
Night of the Wolverine is the third album by Dave Graney ' n ' the Coral Snakes ( also seen as Dave Graney with the Coral Snakes ) .
Lobotomizer is the debut album of the Norwegian band Motorpsycho , released in 1991 .
In Reverie is the fourth studio album by the American rock band Saves the Day .
Angel of Salvation is the eighth studio album by the Japanese power metal / neo - classical metal band Galneryus , released on October 10 , 2012 .
Digital Beethoven on Cyberspeed ! is an album by The Great Kat released in 1996 .
Rehearsal Demo Nov 11 2011 was recorded by Sunn O ) ) ) at Southern Lord Caves in Los Angeles on November 11 , 2011 .
`` ( Baby Tell Me ) Can You Dance '' was the first single from Shanice 's debut album , Discovery .
Machine Gun in the Clown 's Hand is the eighth spoken word album by Jello Biafra .
Invasion of Your Privacy is the second album by American glam metal band Ratt .
Our Long Road Home is the fourth studio album and third independent album by alternative metal band Taproot and was released on September 16 , 2008 .
Think of Tomorrow is the tenth album by Pentangle .
`` Jack Your Body '' is a popular song by Steve ' Silk ' Hurley , originally released as a single in 1986 .
Kutché is a studio album from Algerian artists Cheb Khaled and Safy Boutella .
`` I Can Feel You '' is a song by American pop singer - songwriter Anastacia from her fourth studio album , Heavy Rotation ( 2008 ) .
Distancia ( In English : Distance ) is the fifth studio album by the Mexican jazz singer Magos Herrera , released on May 5 , 2009 .
Defective Epitaph is a 2007 album by the American one - man black metal act Xasthur .
`` Not Dark Yet '' is a song by Bob Dylan , recorded in January 1997 and released in September that year on his album Time Out of Mind .
`` How Do I Breathe '' is an R&B single by Mario .
Perverse Recollections of a Necromangler is the debut full - length album by New Jersey - based deathcore band Waking the Cadaver .
Murder the Mountains is the second studio album by the American metal band Red Fang , released in 2011 .
`` Hello Hey '' is a debut song by Swedish singer and model Victoria Silvstedt .
`` Do n't Wanna Go to Bed Now '' is a song by Australian singer -- songwriter Gabriella Cilmi from her debut album , Lessons to Be Learned ( 2008 ) .
Necesito Más de Ti ( `` I Need More From You '' ) is the title of a studio album released by norteño music band Duelo .
Slow Dance ( Hey Mr. DJ ) is the title of a number - one R&B single by R. Kelly with Public Announcement , from the album Born into the 90 's .
Piraty XXI veka ( Russian : Пираты XXI века , Pirates of the 21st Century ) is the sixth studio album of the Russian band Leningrad .
`` Thousands Are Sailing '' is a song by The Pogues , released in 1988 .
Symphonies of Sickness is the second album by British extreme metal band Carcass .
`` Watching the Wildlife '' is the seventh and last single by British pop band Frankie Goes to Hollywood .
Digital Ghosts is the sixth album by the progressive - metal group Shadow Gallery .
Tales of the Crown is the thirteenth album by German speed / power metal guitarist Axel Rudi Pell .
Brush the Scar Lemon ( stylized as BRUSH the SCAR LEMON ) is the third album of Japanese Rock group , Granrodeo .
`` Footsteps 2 '' is singer / songwriter Chris de Burgh 's nineteenth original album .
Sketches of Belgium is a 1993 album by jazz band K. D. 's Basement Party led by Kris Defoort .
Eyes of the Universe is a 1979 album released by the English rock group , Barclay James Harvest .
This Is Pop Music is the 3rd album by the Norwegian singer / song - writer Espen Lind and the second released under his name .
`` Shave It '' is a song by Russian - German electronic music producer Zedd .
Was I the Wave ? is the second studio album by Miracle Fortress , released on April 26 , 2011 .
Any Man in America is the sixth studio album and ninth album overall by alternative rock band Blue October .
`` I Want to Know What Love Is '' is a power ballad by the British - American rock band Foreigner .
Dopamin is the German Hard rock band Böhse Onkelz 15th album .
This Is Now is the third studio album by Australian Idol finalist and Australian singer - songwriter Cosima De Vito .
`` Decadent & Desperate '' is the second single released by Norwegian industrial - rock solo artist Mortiis from the album The Grudge .
One Man 's Trash is Trey Anastasio 's first solo album apart from Phish , recorded in the Fungus Factory or in The Barn between 1997 and 1998 during breaks of touring and recording with Phish .
Apayrı is the fourth studio album by Turkish pop artist Hande Yener , released by Erol Köse Exclusive on January 6 , 2006 in Turkey .
`` Get the Party Started '' is a song performed by Pink , and was the first single from her second album titled Missundaztood ( 2001 ) .
`` It 's Four in the Morning '' ( also known as `` Four in the Morning '' ) is a song made famous by country music singer Faron Young .
`` Box of Stones '' is the debut single by English singer - songwriter Benjamin Francis Leftwich , from his debut studio album Last Smoke Before the Snowstorm ( 2011 ) .
`` The Ballad of Tom Jones '' is a song by Space and Cerys Matthews , lead singer of the band Catatonia , which was released in 1998 .
Street Action is the seventh studio album by Canadian rock band Bachman-- Turner Overdrive ( BTO ) , released in 1978 , ( see 1978 in music ) .
12 Hits para 2 guitarras flamencas y orquesta de cuerda ( 12 Hits for 2 Flamenco Guitars and a String Orchestra ) is the fourth of four collaboration albums by Paco de Lucía and Ramón de Algeciras .
`` Gave It All Away '' is a song performed by Irish boyband Boyzone , released as the lead single from their fourth studio album , Brother , on 1 March 2010 , it has sold 150,000 copies worldwide .
Inhuman Grotesqueries is the second studio album by American brutal death metal band Malignancy .
Ev'rybody Know Me is the third studio album by southern rap duo YoungBloodZ.
`` Mollie 's Song '' is a ballad performed by British singer Beverley Craven , from her second album Love Scenes .
`` No Me Ames '' ( English : `` Do n't Love Me '' ) is a Latin pop duet recorded by American singers Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony for Lopez 's debut studio album , On the 6 ( 1999 ) .
`` I Want to Go with You '' is the title of a popular song from 1966 ( see 1966 in music ) by the American country music singer Eddy Arnold .
And Our Heart Beat in Our Fingertips , Without Reason is the second album from the metalcore band Anterrabae .
Songs for the Exhausted is the fourth full - length studio album by Austrian indie - band Naked Lunch .
The Best Nonstop Mix Compilation is a continuous mix album by the Funk band Parliament .
Balíček snov ( English : The Packet of Dreams ) is the second studio album by Modus , released on OPUS in 1980 .
`` Want Ads '' was a million - selling Number 1 pop and R&B hit recorded by female group , Honey Cone for their third album Sweet Replies and also appears on their fourth album Soulful Tapestry ( both 1971 releases ) .
I Like to Riff was the first recording by the Minneapolis jazz vocal trio Rio Nido .
Broken Barricades is the fifth studio album by British rock band Procol Harum , released in 1971 .
Trompeta Toccata is a 1965 jazz album by trumpeter Kenny Dorham .
Future Juju was an album released by the British house act Black Jazz Chronicles in 1998 .
Too Young to Fight It is the debut full - length album by American dance - rock band Young Love .
Dream , Extinguished is an instrumental hip hop album by American producer / rapper Danny!.
`` It Does n't Have to Be '' is a song by British synthpop duo Erasure , released in February 1987 .
Plastic Green Head was the sixth album by the American doom metal band Trouble , released in 1995 .
`` The Wildfire ( If It Was True ) '' is the fourth single by Swedish band Mando Diao , released from their 2006 album , Ode to Ochrasy .
Blood at the Orpheum is the first live album by the American band In This Moment .
The Brindleford Follies is the first album from Canadian indie rock group Novillero .
`` Let It All Bleed Out '' is the third and final promotional single from Rob Zombie 's third solo album Educated Horses .
`` Could It Be Any Harder '' is the third single from The Calling 's debut album , Camino Palmero .
`` I 'm Gon na Love You Through It '' is a song written by Ben Hayslip , Sonya Isaacs and Jimmy Yeary and recorded by American country music artist Martina McBride .
One Bedroom is a 2003 album by The Sea and Cake .
`` Differentology '' is a song by Trinidadian singer and songwriter Bunji Garlin .
Rosa Venus is a Rock en español album recorded by Mexican rock band Fobia .
Dark Magus is a live double album by American jazz composer and trumpeter Miles Davis .
So Jealous is the fourth studio album by Canadian band Tegan and Sara , released on September 14 , 2004 .
Shamániac is the second and final studio album by the Finnish folk metal band Shaman , before they changed their name to Korpiklaani .
Blut und Krieg is the first full length album released by the German black metal band Moonblood .
Third World Genocide is the sixth album by Nuclear Assault , released in 2005 .
`` I Knew You Were Waiting ( For Me ) '' is a Grammy Award - winning # 1 song performed by Aretha Franklin and George Michael as a duet in 1987 .
`` Calling All Angels '' is the title of a 2003 song by the rock band Train .
`` Sally 's Pigeons '' is a pop song by Cyndi Lauper that was featured on her 1993 album Hat Full of Stars .
No Anaesthesia ! is the second album released by Finnish thrash metal band Stone , released in 1989 .
Slučajni partneri ( English : Accidental Partners ) is the fifth studio album by Bosnian - Serbian pop - folk recording artist Seka Aleksić .
Prayer for Compassion is an album by David Darling , released through the record label Wind Over the Earth in 2009 .
So Amazin ' is the third studio album by American singer Christina Milian .
To the Sky is the second studio album by American singer - songwriter and producer Kevin Rudolf .
Volksbeat is the fifteenth ( thirteenth solo ) studio album by Nina Hagen , released on November 11 , 2011 in Germany .
`` Groovy Train '' was the second single released by Liverpool - based group The Farm .
An Acoustic Night at the Theatre is the second live album by Dutch symphonic metal band Within Temptation that has been released in October--
Black Waltz is the fourth album released by Swedish metal band Avatar , on January 25 , 2012 .
Man Spricht Deutsch is the fifth album by German metalcore band Callejon .
Two Days in November is the title of an album by Doc Watson and Merle Watson , released in 1974 .
`` Mr. Writer '' a song by Welsh rock band Stereophonics , taken from their third album Just Enough Education to Perform .
Blood Inside is the sixth full - length studio album by Norwegian experimental collective Ulver .
`` Good Intent '' is a song by New Zealand singer / guitarist Kimbra from her debut studio album , Vows ( 2011 ) .
Chauncy is the 1996 debut solo album by singer / songwriter / bassist Jason Scheff .
Portrait of an American Family is the debut full - length studio album by American rock band Marilyn Manson .
`` Freak the Freak Out '' is a song performed by American pop recording artist Victoria Justice .
Ca n't Go Home Again is an album by Big Brother and the Holding Company , released in 1997 .
Crafty Hands is an album by the progressive rock band Happy the Man , released in 1978 .
Ultra Wave is the fifth album released by funk musician Bootsy Collins .
`` Weak Become Heroes '' is a song by The Streets , which was the third single from the album Original Pirate Material .
Degüello is the sixth studio album by the American rock band ZZ Top , released in 1979 ( see 1979 in music ) .
`` Devil in a New Dress '' is a song by American hip hop recording artist Kanye West from his fifth studio album , My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy ( 2010 ) .
`` Younger Us '' is the second 7 `` single by Canadian rock duo Japandroids .
Priče o snovima ( trans . Tales of Dreams ) is the fourth studio album by Serbian heavy metal band Alogia , released in 2012 .
`` Special Kinda Love '' is a single by The Jets , released on August 19 , 1990 .
`` Chip Away the Stone '' is a song performed by American hard rock band Aerosmith .
Tinderbox / Neighbour Neighbour is Violent Soho 's fourth EP , released on 16 November 2012 on the I OH YOU label .
Walls Is Beginning is the first mini album released by Nico Touches the Walls in February 2 , 2006 .
50 Words for Snow is the tenth studio album by English singer - songwriter Kate Bush .
Sparks of Ancient Light is the sixteenth studio album by Al Stewart , released on 15 September 2008 .
You Are I AM is a Christian worship music album by Darrell Evans released by Vertical Music in 1997 .
`` Waitin ' for a Superman '' ( subtitled `` Is It Gettin ' Heavy ? ? '' for the song 's U.S. album release ) is a song by The Flaming Lips , released as the second single taken from their 1999 album The Soft Bulletin , and reaching No . 73 in the UK Singles Chart .
Skold vs. KMFDM is a full - length album featuring Sascha Konietzko of KMFDM and Tim Sköld .
Moonlight Waltz is the ninth studio album by the Italian extreme gothic metal band Theatres des Vampires .
`` The Comet Song '' is a song by Icelandic artist Björk , written by herself and long - time friend and collaborator Sjón as the title theme of the 2010 movie Moomins and the Comet Chase .
`` Cliche Love Song '' is a song by Danish singer Basim co - written by Lasse Lindorff , Kim Nowak - Zorde , Daniel Fält all of GL Music and Basim himself .
AC / DC began recording what would become Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap in January 1976 at Albert Studios with Harry Vanda and George Young ( older brother of guitarists Malcolm and Angus ) producing .
`` Found You '' is a single released by Ross Copperman in the UK on 25 August 2007 , as the second single from his album Welcome To Reality .
`` Out of This Club '' is a song recorded by American girl group The Pussycat Dolls from their second studio album , Doll Domination ( 2008 ) .
`` Hard in da Paint '' is the second single from American rapper Waka Flocka Flame 's first studio album , Flockaveli .
Power Tracks is a 1993 album by 2 Unlimited , a Eurodance project founded in 1991 by Belgian producers Jean - Paul DeCoster and Phil Wilde and fronted by Dutch rapper Ray Slijngaard and Dutch vocalist Anita Doth .
Hood Treason also known as HoodTREASON or The Warm Up Album is the first album from the rapper NYOIL .
`` There Goes the Fear '' was the first single from Doves ' second studio album The Last Broadcast .
Proof Through the Night is a 1983 album by T Bone Burnett , produced by Jeff Eyrich .
Radio Ixtlan is the fourth studio album by the British experimental extreme music project Ewigkeit .
`` Sure Feels Good '' is a song written and recorded by Ultrabeat and Darren Styles , released as a single in 2007 .
On the Bandstand is an album by American country music artist Buck Owens , released in 1963 .
`` The Man Do n't Give a Fuck '' is a song by Super Furry Animals , twice released as a single by the group .
`` Get Up ! ( Before the Night Is Over ) '' is a 1989 song recorded by Belgian dance - pop and electronica act Technotronic , featuring Ya Kid K. It was the second single from band 's debut album Pump Up the Jam :
World Radio is the ninth album by the English singer - songwriter , Leo Sayer , and was released in May 1982 .
`` Everyday Is Like Sunday '' is the third track of Morrissey 's debut solo album , Viva Hate , and the second single to be released by the artist .
Revolución de Amor ( English : Revolution of Love ) is the sixth studio album ( sixteenth overall ) by Latin American Mexican rock band Maná , released in 2002 .
Anti Anti ( Remixes ) is a single by the band Bonaparte in collaboration with electronic music producer Markus Lange .
Bridge Across Forever is the second studio album of progressive rock supergroup Transatlantic , released in 2001 .
Any Port in a Storm is the debut album released by the Reggae band The Dirty Heads in 2008 .
Zephyr National was Tom Fogerty 's third solo album .
Up the Bracket is the debut album by English indie rock band The Libertines , released in October 2002 .
`` Nothing Else Matters '' is a song by American heavy metal band Metallica .
`` Never Gon na Leave This Bed '' is a song performed by American pop rock band Maroon 5 , taken from their third studio album , Hands All Over ( 2010 ) .
Blues to the Bush is a live album by The Who recorded at the House of Blues in Chicago on 12 and 13 November 1999 , and at the Empire Theatre , Shepherd 's Bush on 22 and 23 December 1999 .
Con Todo Respeto is a 2004 covers album by the Mexican band Molotov .
`` She 's Actin ' Single ( I 'm Drinkin ' Doubles ) '' is a song written by Wayne Carson and recorded by American country music singer Gary Stewart .
Twilight of Idols was Fashion 's 1984 album produced by Zeus B. Held and their only to feature singer / songwriter Alan Darby .
C Album is the third studio album of the Japanese duo KinKi Kids .
Super Extra Gravity is The Cardigans ' sixth album .
The Island of Dr. Trombone is a 2000 jazz album by trombonist Harry Watters .
Today is Our Valentine 's Day ( Chinese : 今天情人节 ) is the third live album of Fish Leong ( Chinese : 梁静茹 ) , released on 28 August 2008 .
`` A Dustland Fairytale '' is a song by American rock band The Killers , released as the fourth single from the band 's third studio album , Day & Age ( 2008 ) .
Dni wiatru ( Days of Wind ) was the second album of Polish group Ścianka , released in 2000 .
I Do n't Want to Forget You ( simplified Chinese : 我不想忘记妳 ; traditional Chinese : 我不想忘記妳 ) is the first studio album by Claire Kuo .
Don Solaris is an album by the British electronic music group 808 State .
Zeichnungen des Patienten O. T. ( or Drawings of Patient O. T. ) is the second studio album by the Berlin - based musical group Einstürzende Neubauten .
`` Jenny Do n't Be Hasty '' is a song by Scottish singer / songwriter Paolo Nutini , written with Jimmy Hogarth and produced by Hogarth , which was his second single released on 25 September 2006 .
`` Heartkiller '' is a song by the Finnish band HIM , and the first single from their seventh studio album Screamworks :
Water to the Dead is an album by the gothic rock band Ego Likeness .
You Well - Meaning Brought Me Here is the 1971 album by British folk musician Ralph McTell .
Black Aria II is a 2006 album by Glenn Danzig , the follow - up to his 1992 Black Aria classical solo album .
It 's the Girls ! is the fourteenth studio album , and twenty - fifth album overall , by Bette Midler , released on November 4 , 2014 .
Lightbulb Sun is the sixth studio album by British progressive rock band Porcupine Tree , first released in July 2000 , and later reissued in 2008 on CD , DVD - A surround sound , and vinyl .
Forget Yourself is the fifteenth album by the Australian psychedelic rock band The Church , released in October 2003 .
Songs for the Front Row is the 2001 `` Best of '' album by British rock group Ocean Colour Scene .
Shades of a Blue Orphanage is the second studio album by Irish band Thin Lizzy , released in 1972 .
Change We Must is the seventh solo album by Yes lead singer Jon Anderson , released in 1994 .
When I Said I Wanted to Be Your Dog is a 2004 album by Swedish singer - songwriter Jens Lekman .
Inside the Eye is the last album released by Skin Yard in 1993 .
`` Nada Puede Cambiarme '' ( English : Nothing Can Change Me ) is the second single released from Paulina Rubio 's 2006 Spanish language album Ananda .
Everything Is Boring and Everyone Is a Fucking Liar is the second studio album by the Philadelphian hip - hop group , Spank Rock .
`` Catholic School Girls Rule '' is a song from the 1985 album Freaky Styley by The Red Hot Chili Peppers .
Upstyledown is the second studio album by 28 Days , released in 2000 .
`` Bye Bye Bayou '' is a single by LCD Soundsystem released on November 7 , 2009 , to coincide with the Record Store Day offshoot , Vinyl Saturday .
`` The Remedy ( I Wo n't Worry ) '' is the first single released by American singer - songwriter Jason Mraz from his debut album Waiting for My Rocket to Come in 2002 .
`` Never Knew Love Like This '' is a top ten US R&B hit , and a top ten UK hit song duetted by American R&B singers Cherrelle and Alexander O'Neal ; released in 1988 .
`` That Song in My Head '' is a song written by Tony Martin , Wendell Mobley and Jim Collins , and recorded by American country music singer and professional dancer Julianne Hough .
She Used to Wanna Be a Ballerina was the seventh album by Buffy Sainte - Marie , released in 1971 .
Shake What God Gave Ya is the third studio album from American country artist James Otto .
Half a Love is the eighth album by American soul group The Chi - Lites , produced and largely written by lead singer Eugene Record .
秋心 Autumn Heart is the ninth studio album of cantopop singer Prudence Liew , released in 1992 .
`` Clean Up Woman '' is a song by Betty Wright from her second studio album , I Love the Way You Love ( 1972 ) .
Summer Romance is a Cantopop album by Leslie Cheung first released in 1987 .
Homeless Brother is an album by American singer - songwriter Don McLean , released in 1974 .
Apollo Ends is the second studio album by the avant garde / progressive death metal band Sculptured .
Guitar and Drum is the ninth studio album recorded by Stiff Little Fingers , released in 2003 .
`` One Night Love Affair '' is a song by Canadian singer and songwriter Bryan Adams .
Far Away in America is a song sung by the players of the German national football team featuring the American disco group Village People .
`` Coax Me '' is a song by Sloan , released as the first single their second album Twice Removed .
`` The Boy Who Murdered Love '' is a song written by Diana Vickers and Chris Braide and recorded by Vickers for her debut album , Songs from the Tainted Cherry Tree .
Wooden Bones is the third album of Canadian rock band Pilot Speed .
`` Stillness of Heart '' , released on January 29 , 2002 , is a song written by Lenny Kravitz and Craig Ross , released on Kravitz 's 2001 album Lenny .
`` Funktafied '' is the name of a 2001 single by British pop group Five Star , peaking at # 99 on the U.S. Hot R&B / Hip - Hop Songs chart in July of that year and becoming their first single from their Eclipse album .
`` Diamonds from Sierra Leone '' is a Grammy - winning song by American hip - hop artist Kanye West .
`` Caliban 's Dream '' is a track written by Rick Smith of electronic group Underworld for the Isles of Wonder opening ceremony of the 2012 summer Olympics in London , and the 14th and final track of the first disc of the official soundtrack .
Todo el Año ( All Year Long ) is the third studio album released by Puerto - Rican American performer Obie Bermúdez .
`` Then and Only Then '' is a song written by Bill Anderson and recorded by the American country artist , Connie Smith , on her Connie Smith .
Fruits of Nature is the debut album by the American rap group The U.M.C. 's .
HyperParadise is the fourth album from Australian hip - hop artists Hermitude .
The Troubled Troubadour is a posthumous expanded compact disc edition of punk rock singer - songwriter and musician GG Allin 's original 1990 7 `` EP of the same name .
We Lost the Skyline ( also Transmission 7.1 ) is a live recording by Porcupine Tree , recorded during an in - store performance at Park Avenue CDs in Orlando , Florida , with 200 fans in attendance .
`` The Next Time '' backed with `` Bachelor Boy '' was the first of three number one hit singles from the Cliff Richard musical , Summer Holiday .
Ether Ore is the latest solo album from one of the Chapman Stick frontrunners , Greg Howard .
The Song Remains the Same is the live soundtrack album of the concert film of the same name by the English rock band Led Zeppelin .
`` Let Your Backbone Slide '' is the debut single of Maestro Fresh - Wes , released in 1989 , from his debut album Symphony in Effect .
`` Jesus in Disguise '' is a song by Christian contemporary - alternative rock musician Brandon Heath from his fourth studio album , Blue Mountain .
Blade of a Knife is the first full - length album by punk rock band Bomb Factory .
Électron Libre is the fourth studio album ( fifth overall ) from the French R&B singer Nâdiya .
There 's Nothing Wrong with Love is the second full - length album released by indie rock band Built to Spill .
Remember to Live is an EP by American rock band Flyleaf and released after the tour supporting their previously released album Memento Mori .
Keep It Hood is an EP by rapper MC Eiht .
Detrimentalist is an album by Canadian breakcore artist Venetian Snares , released June 9 , 2008 .
Clara Oswald is a fictional character created by Steven Moffat and portrayed by Jenna Coleman in the long - running British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
Oh Fortune is the Juno Award - winning third album by Canadian singer - songwriter Dan Mangan , released on September 27 , 2011 on the Arts & Crafts label .
`` Lindisfarne / Unluck '' is a double A - side single by English dubstep producer and singer - songwriter James Blake , released as the third single from his self - titled debut album .
`` Try with Me '' is a song by American recording artist Nicole Scherzinger , taken from the re - release of her debut studio album , Killer Love ( 2011 ) .
Big Men Cry is a music album by artist Banco de Gaia , released in 1997 .
No Borders Here is the second album ( and first to be available outside Canada ) by Jane Siberry .
`` Chasing Pavements '' is a song by English singer Adele , from her debut album 19 .
`` Will You Love Me Tomorrow '' , also known as `` Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow '' , is a song written by Gerry Goffin and Carole King and originally recorded by The Shirelles .
`` Always on Time '' is a song by American rapper Ja Rule , featuring Ashanti , and produced by Irv Gotti .
`` Let 's Twist Again '' is a song written by Kal Mann and Dave Appell , and released as a single by Chubby Checker .
Maxi On is Takako Minekawa 's latest solo release .
`` River Below '' is a song by the Canadian band Billy Talent , released on July 5 , 2004 .
100 Memories was the thirty - first studio album of Bobby Vinton , released in 1979 by the Canadian label Ahed .
What 's New ! ! ! ( subtitled Sonny Stitt Plays the Varitone ) is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1966 and released on the Roulette label .
More You Becomes You is the debut studio album by American artist Liam Hayes at the time known only as Plush , originally released on September 8 , 1998 on the Drag City label in the United States and on the Domino label in Europe .
`` Ghanniet '' `` ( I sang ) '' is a single by Amal Hijazi from her debut album Akher Gharam .
Lie Back and Enjoy It is the second album by British - American blues rock group Juicy Lucy , which was released in 1970 .
Soul Rebels is an album by The Wailers , their first album to be released outside of Jamaica .
Au cœur du stade ( meaning At the Heart of the Stadium ) is a live album by Canadian singer Celine Dion , released on August 27 , 1999 .
Experiments in Mass Appeal is the second studio album by UK neo - progressive rock group Frost*.
The Hidden Land is the eighth studio album and twelfth album overall released by Béla Fleck and the Flecktones , released in 2006 .
De - Loused in the Comatorium is the debut studio album by American progressive rock band The Mars Volta , released on June 24 , 2003 , on Gold Standard Laboratories and Universal Records .
The Sun of Tiphareth is the second full - length studio album by black metal band Absu .
Into the Purple Valley is the second studio album by roots rock musician Ry Cooder , released in 1972 ( see 1972 in music ) .
`` Got to Get You Off My Mind '' is a 1965 soul single written and performed by Solomon Burke .
Political Blues is the twentieth album by the jazz group the World Saxophone Quartet and their seventh on the Canadian Justin Time label .
Highway Companion is the third solo album , and 14th overall , by American musician Tom Petty .
`` Driving the Last Spike '' is the third track on the Genesis album We Ca n't Dance , released in 1991 .
`` As We Enter '' is the first single from Nas and Damian Marley 's collaboration album , Distant Relatives .
D Album is the fourth studio album of the Japanese group KinKi Kids .
These Here Are Crazy Times is the second album released by Australian rock group Boom Crash Opera , released in 1989 .
`` Wrong Impression '' is the title of a pop rock song performed by Australian singer - songwriter Natalie Imbruglia .
`` Digital Bath '' is a song by the American alternative metal band Deftones from their third album , White Pony .
The Failure Epiphany is the second album produced by Erica Dunham , under the moniker of Unter Null .
`` Steh auf , wenn du am Boden bist '' ( Stand up if you 're on the floor ) is a song by Die Toten Hosen .
`` What Is Truth '' is a single by American country music artist Johnny Cash released in February 1970 .
Ur jordens djup ( English : From the Depths of the Earth ) is the fourth full - length Finntroll album .
Parallel Realities is an album by Jack DeJohnette , Pat Metheny and Herbie Hancock recorded in 1990 and released on the MCA label .
Junk of the Heart is the third album from British indie band The Kooks .
Miss Calypso is a 1957 album by writer and poet Maya Angelou .
Rent förbannat is a 2012 double studio album by Ulf Lundell .
Flute Soufflé is an album by jazz flautists Herbie Mann and Bobby Jaspar featuring tracks recorded in 1957 for the Prestige label .
Besoin ( French : Need ) is the debut studio album released by Princess Stéphanie of Monaco .
`` Feel the Groove '' is a song recorded by the Belgian eurodance group Cartouche .
Als geen ander is the fifth album by Dutch singer Marco Borsato , released in 1995 by Polydor .
`` No Good ( Start the Dance ) '' is a song by English electronic music group The Prodigy .
Emotivna luda ( English : Emotionally Crazy ) is the eighth studio album by Serbian singer Ceca .
Soul Cycle is the fourth album by pianist Cedar Walton which was recorded in 1969 and released on the Prestige label .
Go Europe ! is the fourth album of Japanese band Electric Eel Shock and was released in 2004 in Europe .
`` Cygnet Committee '' is a song written by David Bowie in 1969 for his second eponymous album ( released in the U.S. as Man of Words , Man of Music and re - released in 1972 as Space Oddity ) .
Warren G , who produced the song , was featured on `` Eastside LB '' along with R&B singer Tracey Nelson .
`` Have n't Had Enough '' is a song recorded by Canadian pop punk band Marianas Trench for their third studio album , Ever After ( 2011 ) .
Die Versuchung ( The Temptation ) is an album containing 11 songs by Jasmin Wagner released in April 2006 .
`` Vivrant Thing '' is the first single released by Q - Tip on his debut solo album Amplified .
`` Be Stiff '' is the third single by new wave group Devo , released in 1977 .
`` Get Outta My Dreams , Get into My Car '' is a single by Trinidadian - born British singer Billy Ocean , based on a line in the Sherman Brothers ' song `` You 're Sixteen '' .
`` Apprentice of the Universe '' is a song and single by the British New prog band Pure Reason Revolution .
`` Lovesongs ( They Kill Me ) '' is a glam rock song by German band Cinema Bizarre , from their debut album Final Attraction .
`` Since U Been Gone '' is a song recorded by American pop rock singer Kelly Clarkson from her second studio album , Breakaway ( 2004 ) .
Outlaster is the fifth studio album recorded by American singer - songwriter Nina Nastasia .
New Favorite is the ninth album by bluegrass music group Alison Krauss & Union Station , released August 14 , 2001 .
`` High School Never Ends '' is a song by the Texas pop punk band Bowling for Soup .
Brats in Battalions is the second album by punk band Adolescents , which was released in 1987 .
Dark Undercoat is the debut album by Emily Jane White released in 2007 on label Double Negative Records in the U.S. and by Talitres records in France .
`` Do n't Knock My Love '' is a hit song performed by R&B singer Wilson Pickett and written by Pickett with Brad Shapiro .
Merchants and Thieves is the third studio album release by Scottish pop singer Sandi Thom , released on 17 May 2010 .
`` With Love Baby '' , is a song by the Belgian band Witloof Bay , which represented Belgium at the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Düsseldorf , Germany .
They 've Actually Gotten Worse Live ! is a live album by punk rock band NOFX .
Oxygen of Love is an album by New Zealand singer / songwriter Emma Paki released in 1996 .
Full Moon in St. Petersburg is a live music album by Rage , recorded in SKK , St. Petersburg , Russia , on 25 May 2006 .
You Can Do Anything is the third album by British indie rock band The Zutons .
`` Dying Is Fine '' was one of the first songs written by Ra Ra Riot .
`` Mr. Carter '' is a song by American hip hop recording artist Lil Wayne , released July 1 , 2008 , as a promotional single from his highly acclaimed sixth studio album Tha Carter III ( 2008 ) .
Fame , Fortune and Fornication is a cover album by ska punk band Reel Big Fish .
Free Lancing is an album by American guitarist James Blood Ulmer recorded in 1981 and released on the Columbia label .
Shady Satin Drug is the second and final studio album from pop / rock band soulDecision , released October 26 , 2004 .
The Ultimate Experience is a 1992 compilation album of songs by songwriter and guitarist Jimi Hendrix .
Too - Rye - Ay is the second album by Dexys Midnight Runners , released in July 1982 .
`` The Ideal Height '' is a song by Biffy Clyro and was the first single from their 2003 album , The Vertigo of Bliss , and their fifth overall single .
`` That Kiss '' is the sixth single released by indie rock band The Courteeners , it is a non - album track .
Fantasies & Delusions is the thirteenth and final studio album released by Billy Joel and it is the first ( and so far only ) album of his classical compositions , released in 2001 .
`` Secret Separation '' is a song by British new wave rock group The Fixx , from their fourth studio album Walkabout .
Good Girl Gone Bad Live is the first live long - form video by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna .
`` Beast and the Harlot '' is a song by Avenged Sevenfold , the song was released as a single taken from their third album City of Evil .
Tasmim ( Persian : تصمیم‎ , in English means : Decision ) , is a critical single by Iranian singer , Ebi , released in 2009 , just a few months before the controversial 2009 presidential election .
Hazel 's Wreath is the second album by folk rock band Tiny Lights , released in 1988 through Gaia Records .
Loved Me Back to Life is the eleventh English - language studio album by Canadian singer Celine Dion , released by Sony Music Entertainment on 1 November 2013 .
Remind Me Where the Light Is is the second album from the U.S. band Great Northern .
Elaine MacKenzie is the second album by Chicago pop band Green , released in 1987 on Pravda Records .
`` Forward Motion '' is the second single released in 2009 by the Christian alternative rock band Thousand Foot Krutch from their album Welcome to the Masquerade .
Canada Songs is Daughters ' first full - length album .
The Hear After is the third studio album of indie hip hop artist J - Live , released in 2005 on the label Penalty .
Fast Times at Barrington High is the third and final studio album by American rock band The Academy Is ... , released in August 2008 .
`` Rock My Heart '' is a song by Trinidadian - German musician Haddaway .
Like Swimming is a 1997 album by the alternative rock band Morphine .
`` Pass the Mic '' is the first single from the third studio album Check Your Head by Beastie Boys , released on April 7 , 1992 .
`` Dancing Machine '' is a 1973 song recorded by The Jackson 5 , released as a single in 1974 .
Hope Is a Thing With Feathers is the fifth and final album by the Alternative Country band Trailer Bride .
`` Doing It All for My Baby '' is a song performed by Huey Lewis and the News , released as a single from the album Fore ! in 1987 .
Do n't Take Away My Heart is a song by German musical group Modern Talking .
Come Around Sundown is the fifth studio album by American rock band Kings of Leon , released in Ireland , Australia and Germany on October 15 , 2010 , followed by releases in the UK on October 18 and North America on October 19 .
Synthetica is the fifth studio album by Canadian indie rock band Metric , released on 12 June 2012 .
The Great White Stanhope is the debut stand - up comedy album by Doug Stanhope .
We Started Nothing is the debut studio album by English indie pop duo The Ting Tings .
Alma Caribeña ( English : Caribbean Soul ) is the ninth studio solo album and third Spanish album released by American singer Gloria Estefan .
`` I 'm on Fire '' is a song written and performed by American rock artist Bruce Springsteen .
Rose Album is J - pop singer Rie fu 's second album , released in 2006 .
`` Vida 23 '' is a song from American rapper Pitbull 's fifth studio album , Armando .
In Love and Death is the second studio album by American alternative rock band The Used .
In Spite of Harry 's Toenail is the debut studio album of the British progressive rock band , Gnidrolog .
Days of Hunger is the debut studio album by Israeli alternative folk artist Geva Alon , released on March 22 , 2006 .
Test - Tube Conceived is a 1986 album by English singer and musician Robert Calvert .
`` Your Latest Trick '' is a song by Dire Straits that appeared on the studio album Brothers in Arms , and also on the live album On the Night ; the same live version is on Sultans of Swing :
`` My Songs Know What You Did in the Dark ( Light Em Up ) '' is a song written and recorded by American rock band Fall Out Boy , released as the lead single for their fifth studio album , Save Rock and Roll .
`` Call and Answer '' is a song by the Canadian group Barenaked Ladies .
`` Going ! '' is the twelfth single by Japanese boy band KAT - TUN .
Space Between the Words is the first solo album by Dan Le Sac , released on Sunday Best Recordings in 2012 .
`` Of Angels and Angles '' is a track by The Decemberists off their album Picaresque .
Machine Age Voodoo is the third studio album by Australian industrial band SPK , released on November 30 , 1984 by WEA .
`` For Loving You '' is a 1967 duet by Bill Anderson and Jan Howard .
View from the Vault , Volume Two ( or View from the Vault II ) is the second entry in the `` View from the Vault '' series by the Grateful Dead .
The Looks or the Lifestyle ? is the fourth album by UK based Grebo band , Pop Will Eat Itself released 7 September 1992 .
Anthem for the Underdog is the third album by the rock band 12 Stones .
I 'm Like a Virgin Losing a Child is the first full - length album from Atlanta musicians Manchester Orchestra .
Tio vackra visor och Personliga Person ( English : Ten Beautiful Songs and Personal Person ) is the fourth studio album by the Swedish - Dutch folk singer - songwriter Cornelis Vreeswijk .
`` Like I Love You '' is the debut single recorded by American singer Justin Timberlake for his debut studio album , Justified ( 2002 ) .
My Brother 's Blood Machine is the first solo album by the lead singer of Coheed and Cambria , Claudio Sanchez ( who refers to himself as The Prize Fighter Inferno in order to connect the story of this album to that of The Amory Wars ) and was released on October 31 , 2006 .
`` Tell Me Goodbye '' is a song released by the South Korean boy band Big Bang .
... and the Beat Goes On ! is the debut studio album by German dance group Scooter .
Different Skies is the 1994 debut album by singer and songwriter Cara Jones who , up until its release , had operated solely as a songwriter for other artists .
`` 1 - 800 Suicide '' was the third and final single released from the Gravediggaz ' debut album , 6 Feet Deep .
`` J'aime les filles ( si vous êtes comme ça téléphonez moi ) '' is a 1967 single by French singer - songwriter Jacques Dutronc .
Some Day Soon is the debut and only solo album by singer - songwriter Kristian Leontiou .
`` Twist It '' is the first single from Olivia 's G - Unit debut Behind Closed Doors .
Fast and Curious is the fourth studio album by American R&B recording artist Sy Smith , released on March 6 , 2012 by Psyko !
Hottest Girl in the World is a song by English boy band JLS , released as the official lead , and second overall , single from the group 's fourth studio album , Evolution .
12 canciones de García Lorca para guitarra ( 12 Songs by García Lorca for Guitar ) is an album by Paco de Lucía and Ricardo Modrego .
Five Miles Out is the seventh record album by Mike Oldfield , released in 1982 , at a time when his music was moving away from large - scale symphonic pieces towards a more accessible pop style .
Our Bodies Our Selves is the fifth album by the Berkeley , California punk rock band The Mr. T Experience , released in 1993 by Lookout !
Rappa Ternt Sanga is the debut studio album by American rapper , singer - songwriter and record producer T - Pain ; it was released on December 6 , 2005 .
`` Hell or Hallelujah '' is a song by the American hard rock band Kiss on their 20th studio album Monster .
Passion and the Opera is the third single by Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish , released from their album Oceanborn , the single was shipped only in a cardsleeve .
Terrified is the seventh album by American heavy metal band Quiet Riot .
Empty Glass is the first solo album of original material by Pete Townshend , first released in 1980 .
Stranger in the City was the second solo album by John Miles and was released in 1977 .
Kimi wa 100 % ( 君は100 % ) is the thirty - first single by the Japanese Pop - rock band Porno Graffitti .
I , John is the second album by rapper John Forté , released in 2002 .
`` Long Is the Road ( Américain ) '' is the name of a 1984 song recorded by the French singer and songwriter Jean - Jacques Goldman .
Early Morning Migration is a minimal electronic album created by Anticipate and Microcosm label - head Ezekiel Honig with Morgan Packard .
Freak In is the 20th album by trumpeter Dave Douglas .
Irreemplazable is the first extended play ( EP ) by American recording artist Beyoncé .
Stories of the Danube is a symphony by Joe Zawinul , which was commissioned by the Brucknerhaus , Linz .
`` Angel Flying Too Close to the Ground '' was written and performed by Willie Nelson .
Roses in the Snow is the seventh album by country music artist Emmylou Harris , released in 1980 .
Outside the Simian Flock is the 2001 debut album by Belgian rock band Millionaire .
`` All Used Up '' is a song by Canadian rock group Sloan , released as a single from the band 's 2005 compilation album , A Sides Win .
Is the World Strange or Am I Strange ? is the second album by English singer - songwriter Cosmo Jarvis .
Once Sent from the Golden Hall is the first full - length studio album released by the melodic death metal band Amon Amarth , released by Metal Blade Records .
Out of Frequency is the second album by Danish band The Asteroids Galaxy Tour .
The Gifted is the third studio album by American rapper Wale .
Hormonally Yours is the second studio album by British - based pop act Shakespears Sister .
Baby Faced Killer is the 2nd solo album of British rock singer David Byron .
The Hope Division is the third release by American melodic hardcore band Stick to Your Guns .
David Patros ( born September 11 , 1977 in Paris ) is a retired French sprinter .
Adam Bandt was born in Adelaide , South Australia -- a descendant of German immigrants who emigrated to the Hahndorf and Barossa Valley regions in the 1800s .
Jan de Visscher ( ca.1636 , Haarlem -- 1692 - 1712 , Amsterdam ) , was a Dutch Golden Age engraver who became a painter in later life .
Paul Ireland ( born 1970 ) is a Scottish actor from Ardrossan , North Ayrshire , Scotland .
Daniel Huybrechts ( 9 November 1966 , East Berlin ) is a German mathematician , specializing in algebraic geometry .
Dene Shields ( born 16 September 1982 in Edinburgh ) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a Striker .
Alain Raguel ( born 6 September 1976 in Lille ) is a currently unattached French footballer .
Giuseppina Pasqualino di Marineo ( known as Pippa Bacca ) ( 9 December 1974 -- 31 March 2008 ) was an Italian artist who , together with a fellow artist , was hitchhiking from Milan to the Middle East to promote world peace and trust in other people , symbolically wearing a wedding dress during her trek .
Babz Chula was born as Barbara Ellen Zuckerman , in Springfield , Massachusetts .
Katarzyna Bachleda - Curuś née Wójcicka ( born 1 January 1980 ) is a Polish speed skater , who was born in Sanok and resides in Zakopane .
Cecilia Yip Tung ( Chinese : 葉童 ; born 8 March 1963 ) is a Hong Kong actress whose work is known throughout Asia , especially in Mainland China , Hong Kong and Taiwan .
Tom Brosseau is an American musical storyteller and guitarist , born and raised in Grand Forks , North Dakota , United States .
Henry Augustus Buchtel ( September 3 , 1847 -- October 22 , 1924 ) was an American minister , educator , and public official , born near Akron , Ohio .
Joyner Lourenco ( born April 1 , 1993 ) is an Indian footballer who currently plays for Sporting Goa in the I - League as a Defender .
Robert Hooke was born in 1635 in Freshwater on the Isle of Wight to John Hooke and Cecily Gyles .
Mohamed Badache born October 15 , 1976 in Hussein Dey , Alger ) is an Algerian footballer .
Pierre Maisonnat dit Baptiste ( born in Bergerac , France 1663 , died in Acadia after August 1714 ) was a French privateer famous for the success he had against New England merchant shipping and fishing interests during King William 's War and Queen Anne 's War .
Mario Giro ( born 1958 in Rome ) is an Italian trade - unionist , and since 1990 a mediator for peace in the Community of Sant'Egidio .
William Marcet FRS FRCP ( 13 May 1828 - 4 March 1900 ) was President of the Royal Meteorological Society He was born the son of Francis Marcet , FRS and the grandson of Alexander Marcet , FRS in Geneva , Switzerland .
Maurício Waldman ( São Paulo on December 2 , 1955 ) is a professor , researcher , africanist , social activist and pioneer of Brazilian environmentalist movement .
Jiang Xiaochen ( Chinese : 江晓辰 ; born 20 May 1992 in Shanghai ) is a Chinese professional football player .
Montserrat Torrent i Serra ( born in Barcelona in 1926 ) is an Spanish organist .
Amy Knights ( born 7 April 1994 ) is an Australian football ( soccer ) player , who last played for Perth Glory in the Australian W - League .
Rodrigo Pimentel ( born on March 2 , 1972 , in Rio de Janeiro ) is a former member of BOPE , the elite group of the Brazilian Military Police .
Frédéric Soret , ( 12 May 1795 in Saint Petersburg - 18 December 1865 at Plainpalais in Geneva ) , Swiss private scholar in physics and Oriental numismatics .
Eric Redrobe ( born 23 August 1944 in Wigan ) is an English former association footballer who played in the Football League as a striker for Bolton Wanderers , Southport and Hereford United during the 1960s and 1970s .
Ludwig Karl Koch MBE ( 13 November 1881 , Frankfurt am Main - 4 May 1974 , Harrow , London ) was a broadcaster and sound recordist .
Luiz Gushiken was born in the small town of Osvaldo Cruz ( in Presidente Prudente ) and was the first - born son of seven children of the photographer and violinist Shoei and Setsu Gushiken , Japanese immigrants from Okinawa .
Fulvio Wetzl ( born March 12 , 1953 in Padua ) is an Italian filmmaker .
Léo Apotheker ( born September 18 , 1953 , in Aachen ) is a German business executive .
Kraig Chiles ( born May 14 , 1984 in Torrance , California ) is an American soccer player , currently playing for the San Diego Sockers .
Born in Craiova , Traian Demetrescu was the son of a pub owner known by the name of Gherbea ; he had a sister , Victoria , and two brothers .
Friedrich Wilhelm Felix von Bärensprung , sometimes Baerensprung ( 30 March 1822 -- 26 August 1864 ) was a German dermatologist born in Berlin .
Ann Swisshelm ( born March 9 , 1968 in Middletown , Ohio ) is a curler on the US Olympics Woman 's Curling team .
Born at Cundle near Taree , New South Wales and one of 12 brothers , Oscar Quinlivan was a winger , centre - three quarter and lock - forward who played for the South Sydney Rabbitohs for eight seasons between 1923 - 1930 .
Gennaro Fragiello ( born March 30 , 1984 in Naples ) is an Italian professional football player .
Eleanor Robinson , née Puckrin , was brought up in Guisborough , North Yorkshire , England , the sister of Arthur , Richard and Philip .
Evelyn Keyes was born in Port Arthur , Texas , to Omar Dow Keyes and Maude Ollive Keyes , the daughter of a Methodist minister .
Jean Barthet was born in Nay , a village in the Pyrenees region of France in 1920 -- although he would later put his date of birth as 1930/1 .
Annie Barrows ( born 1962 in San Diego , California ) is an American editor and author .
Valeria Marini ( Rome , 14 May 1967 ) is an Italian model , actress , showgirl and fashion designer .
Georgi Stanchev ( Bulgarian : Георги Станчев ; born 27 August 1985 in Varna ) is a Bulgarian football striker currently playing for Dobrudzha Dobrich .
The son of Thomas Drant , he was born at Hagworthingham in Lincolnshire .
Eugene Earle Amick , Jr. ( January 26 , 1919 -- August 9 , 1942 ) was born at Boonville , Missouri , the first son of Eugene Earle Amick and Gertrude Apperson Jones Amick .
Maciej Stryjkowski was born around 1547 in Stryków , a town in the Rawa Voivodeship in the region of Masovia .
Alyssa - Jane Cook ( born 16 February 1967 in Papua New Guinea ) is an Australian actress and TV presenter currently used on TVSN .
Paul Kodish is a professional drummer raised in Willesden , London .
Shaiju Mathew born in Anchal a small town in Kollam district was brought up in Pune .
Javier Pérez de Cuéllar was born on January 19 , 1920 , in the Peruvian city of Lima .
Erik Olof Mellberg ( pronounced ( ˈuːˈlɔf ˈmɛlːˈbærj ) ; born 3 September 1977 in Amnehärad , Gullspång ) is a Swedish former footballer and current manager of IF Brommapojkarna .
Filip Mihaljević ( born 31 July 1994 in Livno , Bosnia and Herzegovina ) is a Croatian discus thrower and shot putter .
Stass Shpanin was born on May 16 , 1990 in Baku -- capital of Azerbaijan , one of the Soviet Republics .
Édouard Carmignac ( born 5 September 1947 in Paris ) is a French investment banker and fund manager .
Tsang Kam To ( born 21 June 1989 ) is a Hong Kong footballer , who currently plays for Eastern , a club in the Hong Kong Premier League .
Li Linfeng ( Chinese : 李林峰 ; pinyin : Lǐ Línfēng ; born 9 January 1988 in Haiyang , Shandong ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Qingdao Jonoon in the Chinese Super League .
Mike van der Kooy ( born 30 January 1989 in De Meern , Utrecht ) is a Dutch professional footballer , who currently plays for Dutch fourth division club Door Ons Vrienden Opgericht .
Marshall Pinckney Wilder ( sometimes spelled Marshal ) was born along the north shore of Seneca Lake at Geneva , New York the son of Dr. Louis de Valois Wilder and the former Mary A. Bostwick .
Edoardo Bosio ( 1864 - 1927 ) was an Italian - Swiss footballing innovator from Turin .
Born in New York City , Robin Kelley earned his Bachelor 's degree from California State University , Long Beach , in 1983 .
Born in Seoul , South Korea in 1959 , Jim Yong Kim immigrated with his family to the U.S. at the age of five and grew up in Muscatine , Iowa .
Donald G. Higman ( September 20 , 1928 , Vancouver -- February 13 , 2006 ) was an American mathematician known for his discovery , in collaboration with Charles C. Sims , of the Higman--
Pasquino Corso was native to Ota , a Corsican village belonging to the pieve of Sia , and not to Perugia , as it is written in some contemporary sources .
Johann Heinrich Zimmermann was born on 25 December 1741 in Wiesloch , a short distance south of Heidelberg in the Palatinate .
John S. Hall was born in Brooklyn , New York and grew up in Manhattan 's West Village .
Catherine Bernard was born in 1662 in Rouen to a Huguenot family of wealth and comfort .
Henri - Auguste Lozé was born in Le Cateau - Cambrésis in the Nord department near the French border with Belgium .
Linda Mvusi ( c. 1955 in Bloemfontein- ) is an actress and architect .
John DeStefano , Jr. ( born May 11 , 1955 ) is an American politician who served as the 49th mayor of New Haven , Connecticut from 1994 until 2014 .
Lalo Ríos was born on February 7th , 1927 in San Miguelito ( Sonora , Mexico ) .
Edward Boardman ( 1833 - -1910 ) was a Norwich born architect .
Neymar da Silva Santos Júnior was born in Mogi das Cruzes , São Paulo , to Neymar Santos , Sr . and Nadine da Silva .
Jaclyn A. Smith is a Canadian actress from Toronto , Ontario .
Ryan Ellsworth ( born 6 October 1975 in Kelowna , British Columbia ) is a Canadian - born British actor .
Lisa Dwan ( born 1977 ) is an Irish actress , from Coosan , Athlone , County Westmeath , Ireland .
Born Lewis Douglas Gunn on August 31 , 1841 , in Wheelersburg , Ohio to Dr. Lewis Carstairs Gunn and Elizabeth LeBreton ( Stickney ) Gunn .
Ernst Mahle ( born January 3 , 1929 in Stuttgart , Germany ) is a Brazilian composer and orchestra conductor .
Radosław Kałużny ( Polish pronunciation : ( raˈdɔswaf kaˈwuʐnɨ ) ; born February 2 , 1974 in Góra , Lower Silesian Voivodeship ) is a retired Polish football player .
Neil Canton is an American film producer from New York City best known for his work on the Back to the Future trilogy .
Ghenadie Moșneaga ( born 25 April 1985 , Chișinău , Moldavian SSR ) is a Moldavian football Goalkeeper .
Nicola Asuni ( born 4 January 1973 , in Cagliari ) is a former Italian sprinter .
Alexander Kutschera born 21 March 1968 in Freising is a former German footballer .
Zaza Rusadze ( Georgian : ზაზა რუსაძე ; born 24 May 1977 in Tbilisi , Georgia ) is a film - maker , who lives in Tbilisi and Berlin , Germany .
Pierre Hanon ( born 29 December 1936 in Brussels ) is a former footballer who played mainly for R.S.C. Anderlecht and the national team .
O'Hurley was born in Kittery , Maine , the son of Jean , a housewife , and John O'Hurley , an ear , nose , and throat surgeon .
Alcaeus of Mytilene ( /ælˈsiːəs/ ; Greek : Ἀλκαῖος , Alkaios ; c. 620 -- 6th century BC ) , Greek lyric poet from Lesbos Island who is credited with inventing the Alcaic verse .
William Christopher Zeise was born 15 October 1789 in Slagelse , the son of an apothecary , Frederick Zeise ( b. 1754 , d. 1836 ) , who was an old friend of physicist Hans Christian Ørsted 's father .
Lam Chi - chung ( simplified Chinese : 林子聪 ; traditional Chinese : 林子聰 ; pinyin : Lín Zǐcōng ; born 16 August 1976 ) is a Hong Kong actor .
Lehman was born under the name of Hayum Lehmann to a Jewish family , the son of Abraham Lehmann , a cattle merchant in the small Franconian town of Rimpar near Würzburg , Lehman emigrated to the United States in 1844 , where he changed his name to Henry Lehman .
João Abel Manta ( born 1928 in Lisbon ) is a Portuguese architect , painter , illustrator and cartoonist .
Tommy Norden ( born September 25 , 1952 , New York City ) is a former American actor .
William Biles was born in 1644 at Dorchester , Dorsetshire , England , the son of Alexander and Dorothy ( Strong ) Biles .
Maxime Alexandre ( February 4 , 1971 in Ronse , East Flanders , Belgium ) is a Belgian cinematographer .
Sylvia Dethier ( born 20 May 1965 in Acosse ) is a retired Belgian athlete who specialised in the sprint hurdles .
Jonathan Eddy was born in Norton , Massachusetts in 1726 or 1727 .
Myron Shongwe ( born May 6 , 1981 in Soweto , Gauteng ) is a South African football player who plays as a striker for MP Black Aces in the National First Division .
John Hopkinson was born in Manchester , the eldest of 5 children .
Francisco Javier Obregón Espinoza ( born 28 January 1958 ) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the PRD ( Also working for the Labor Party . As of 2013 he served as Senator of the LX and LXI Legislatures of the Mexican Congress representing Baja California Sur . He also served as Deputy during the LIX Legislature .
Léon Abel Provancher ( b. 10 March 1820 , in the parish of Bécancour , Nicolet County , Quebec ; d. at Cap - Rouge , Quebec , 23 March 1892 ) was a Canadian Catholic parish priest and naturalist .
Raffey Cassidy is from Worsley , near Manchester , England .
Korado Korlević ( born on 19 September 1958 in Poreč ) is a Croatian teacher .
Dick Giordano , an only child , was born in New York City on July 20 , 1932 , in the borough of Manhattan to Josephine and Graziano `` Jack '' Giordano .
Balthasar Oomkens von Esens was the son of Hero Oomkens von Esens , Lord of Harlingerland and Armgard Countess of Oldenburg .
Pieter Gerardus van Overstraten ( 19 February 1755 , Bergen op Zoom -- 22 August 1801 , Batavia ) was Governor - General of the Dutch East Indies from 1796 until 1801 .
Raoul Dufy was born into a large family at Le Havre , in Normandy .
Ian Fleming was born on 28 May 1908 , at 27 Green Street in the wealthy London district of Mayfair .
Abu Qatada , who was born Omar Mahmoud Othman , has Jordanian nationality because he was born in Bethlehem in the West Bank in 1960 , which at that time was occupied by Jordan .
Monty Tiwa ( born in Jakarta 28 August 1976 ) is an Indonesian screenwriter , composer , film editor , film producer and film director .
Kimber James ( born April 2 , 1988 in Miami , Florida , United States ) is a trans woman , and former pornographic actor and escort .
Cheng Yuelei ( Chinese : 程月磊 ; pinyin : Chéng Yuèlěi ; born 28 October 1987 in Beijing ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou R&F in the Chinese Super League .
Antonio Viana Gomes , better known as Tony Tornado or Toni Tornado ( Mirante do Paranapanema , May 26 of 1930 ) , is a Brazilian actor and singer .
Joseph Rosenstock ( 27 January 1895 in Kraków -- 17 October 1985 in New York ) was a Polish Jewish conductor .
Henrik Korpi ( born Gothenburg ) is a Swedish songwriter , record producer with Murlyn Music Group .
Régine Cavagnoud was born in Thônes , Haute - Savoie , Cavagnoud 's career was plagued by injuries .
Lucian of Samosata ( /ˈluːʃən , ˈluːsiən/ ; Ancient Greek : Λουκιανὸς ὁ Σαμοσατεύς , Latin : Lucianus Samosatensis ; c. AD 125 -- after AD 180 ) was a rhetorician and satirist who wrote in the Greek language .
Robert Markowitz ( born February 7 , 1935 in Irvington , New Jersey ) is an American film director and television director .
Andrzej Sośnierz ( born May 8 , 1951 in Głuchołazy ) is a Polish politician and physician .
Sharleen Stratton ( born 9 October 1987 in Brisbane , Queensland ) is an Australian diver who won gold medals at the 2006 and 2010 Commonwealth Games , and competed at the 2008 and 2012 Olympics .
Peter Allen Golden ( born in 1953 , Newark , New Jersey ) is an American author , historian , journalist , and blogger .
Paul A Shaw is a physical geographer and a Fellow of The Royal Geographical Society He was born in Bath , Somerset , UK in 1947 .
Cyril Svoboda ( born November 25 , 1956 in Prague ) is a Czech politician , leader of the Christian and Democratic Union --
Edward John Noble ( 1882 - 1958 , aged 76 ) was an American broadcasting and candy industrialist originally from Gouverneur , New York .
Pierre Michaux was born at Bar le Duc and worked as a blacksmith who furnished parts for the carriage trade in Paris during the 1850s and 1860s .
Nansun Shi ( Chinese : 施南生 ; born Shi Nan - Sun on 8 August 1951 ) is a Hong Kong film producer , presenter and a former Senior Advisor for Media Asia Group .
Hayko Cepkin ( born 11 March 1978 , Istanbul ) is a Turkish musician of Armenian descent .
Remon van Bochoven ( born 27 April 1989 in Zoetermeer ) is a footballer who plays as a striker .
Vahe Tadevosyan ( Armenian : Վահե Թադեւոսյան , born on 17 October 1983 in Yerevan , Soviet Union ) is an Armenian football striker .
Huguccio the canon lawyer has traditionally been identified with the grammarian Huguccio Pisanus ( Hugh of Pisa ; Italian Uguccione da Pisa ) .
Asamoah Gyan ( pronounced ( æsæˈmoʊˌɑː ˌdʒjɑːn ) , ə - sah - MOH - ah J - yahn , born 22 November 1985 in Accra ) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Shanghai SIPG of the Chinese Super League and captains the Ghanaian national team .
The Maharsha was born in Kraków , Poland .
Mohammed Jabbar Rubat Zerjawi ( Arabic : محمد جبار رباط زرجاوي‎ , born June 29 , 1993 in Basra , Iraq ) is an Iraqi footballer who plays as a right back for Al - Minaa in the Iraqi Premier League .
A chestnut gelding , Phar Lap was foaled on 4 October 1926 in Seadown near Timaru in the South Island of New Zealand .
Monique de Wilt ( born 31 March 1976 in ' s - Hertogenbosch ) is a former Dutch athlete , specializing in the pole vault .
Marian Krzaklewski ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈmarjan kʂaˈklɛfskʲi ) ; born 23 August 1950 in Kolbuszowa ) is a Polish politician .
Yves Debay was born in Élisabethville , Belgian Congo ( later Lubumbashi , Democratic Republic of the Congo ) .
Rathbone was born Philip St. John Basil Rathbone in Johannesburg , to British parents .
Francisca Valenzuela ( born March 17 , 1987 in San Francisco , California ) is an American - born Chilean singer , poet , and multi - instrumentalist .
Born Harold Wayne King in Savanna , Illinois , King was an impressive athlete in high school , and briefly played professional football with the Canton Bulldogs .
Hồng Nhung was born on March 15 , 1970 in Hanoi , deserted by her mother before she was a year old .
Mathurin Henrio , alias Barrioz ( b. Baud , 16 April 1929 ; d. Baud , 10 February 1944 ) was a young French resistant shot dead by German soldiers for refusing to answer questions on the whereabouts of maquisards .
Charlotte Wolter ( March 1 , 1834 - June 14 , 1897 ) , Austrian actress , was born at Cologne , and began her artistic career at Budapest in 1857 .
Richard A. Knaak ( born 28 May 1961 in Chicago ) is the author of Dragonlance novels , Dragonrealm , six novels for Blizzard Entertainment 's Diablo series , and ten works in the Warcraft universe .
Gerald Speziale , commonly known as Jerry Speziale , is an American law enforcement officer and Director of the Paterson , New Jersey police department .
Edward Channing was born in Dorchester , Massachusetts , the fifth child of Ellen Kilshaw Fuller ( 1820 - -56 ) , a sister of Margaret Fuller , and William Ellery Channing ( 1818 - -1901 ) , the poet and walking companion of Henry David Thoreau .
Friedrich Pinter ( born February 22 , 1978 in Villach , Kärnten ) is an Austrian biathlete .
Marvin Israel ( July 3 , 1924 -- May 7 , 1984 ) , was born in Syracuse , New York , the son of Bessie and Harry Israel .
Edgaras Venckaitis ( born 12 December 1985 in Tauragė ) is a Lithuanian wrestler , who competes in the men 's 66 kg Greco - Roman division .
Alexander Eliot ( April 28 , 1919 -- April 23 , 2015 ) was an American writer born in Cambridge , Massachusetts , best known for his works on spirituality and myth .
Michael Andrew Law ( Chinese : 羅卓睿;born November 13 , 1982 in Hong Kong ) is a Hong Kong Contemporary Artist , painter , Hong Kong film producer .
Sergio Olguín is an Argentinean author , journalist and literary critic born on 29 January 1967 in Buenos Aires .
David Brookwell ( born on February 6 , 1961 in Morristown , New Jersey ) is an American television and film producer , writer and director .
Christopher Figg ( born 24 May 1957 ) is a film producer from the town of Aylesbury in Buckinghamshire , England .
Valter Mainetti ( Rome , 28 October 1947 ) is an Italian entrepreneur , CEO and majority shareholder of Sorgente Group .
Laurent Alvarez ( born September 23 , 1990 in Geneva ) is a Swiss former competitive figure skater .
Sierra Boggess was born and raised in Denver , Colorado , with her two sisters , Summer and Allegra .
Jimmy Casper ( born May 28 , 1978 in Montdidier , Somme ) is a French retired road bicycle racer , who competed as a professional between 1998 and 2012 .
Gabriel Lippmann was born in Bonnevoie , Luxembourg ( Luxembourgish : Bouneweg ) , on 16 August 1845 .
Helio Alves ( born São Paulo , 1966 ) is a jazz pianist and son of pianists .
Miguel Pedrorena was born in Madrid and later lived in Peru .
Sian Brooke ( born Sian Phillips in Lichfield in 1980 ) is a British actress , known for portraying Laura in All About George and Lori in Cape Wrath .
Antonieta Mónica Xavier Yelpo ( Montevideo , 16 December 1956 ) is a Uruguayan politician and medical doctor with a postgraduate degree in cardiology .
Jean - Baptiste Perrée ( Saint - Valery - sur - Somme , 29 April 1761 -- Généreux , off La Valette , 17 February 1800 ) was a French Navy officer and Rear - admiral .
Carolyn Warmus was born in Troy , Michigan and grew up in Birmingham , Michigan , an affluent suburb of Detroit .
Kris Massie ( born 30 May 1980 in Sweden ) is an Australian rules football coach and former player who played for Carlton and Adelaide in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Barbara Lahr ( * Sept. 25 , 1957 in Kaiserslautern ) is a German singer , composer , bassist , guitarist , and producer best known for her collaboration with German Nu Jazz group De Phazz .
Jonas Nay attended Johanneum zu Lübeck , a Gymnasium with a music specialism , where he also played in the school 's Big - Band .
Theodoros Toromanidis ( born 6 May 1993 , in Xanthi ) is a Greek footballer .
Anja Schneiderheinze - Stöckel ( German pronunciation : ( anjaː ʃnaɪdɐhaɪntsə ʃtœkəl))(born 8 April 1978 in Erfurt ) is a German bobsledder who has competed since 2001 .
Connie Dierking was born in Brooklyn , New York and grew up on Long Island , where he starred in basketball for Central High School in Valley Stream , New York .
Johannes Schettel ( born 4 April 1959 in Olsberg , North Rhine - Westphalia ) is a West German luger who competed in the late 1980s .
Aleksandr Perfilyev ( 1895 , Chita , Transbaikal Oblast -- 1973 ) was a Russian journalist , poet and writer .
Ernest Dye ( born July 15 , 1971 in Greenwood , South Carolina ) is a former offensive guard in the NFL .
Montague Summers was the youngest of the seven children of Augustus William Summers , a rich banker and justice of the peace in Clifton , Bristol .
Empress Sunjeong of the Korean Empire ( 19 September 1894 -- 3 February 1966 ) was the consort of Emperor Yunghui , the last emperor of the Joseon Dynasty and Korea .
James Dashow ( born November 7 , 1944 , in Chicago , Illinois ) is an American composer of electro - acoustic music , instrumental music and opera .
Herbert Sohler ( 25 July 1908 , Attendorn , Westphalia - 22 June 1991 ) was a German U - boat commander of World War II .
Philip Breitmeyer ( May 13 , 1864 -- November 8 , 1941 ) was a florist , one of the founders of Florists ' Telegraph Delivery ( now Florists ' Transworld Delivery , or FTD ) , and the mayor of Detroit , Michigan .
Samy Sorge ( born 19 December 1977 ) , commonly known as Samy Deluxe , Wickeda MC or Sam Semillia is a German rapper , and hip hop artist from Hamburg .
Pierre Charles Cior ( 1769 -- after 1838 ) , a French painter of historical subjects , portraits , and miniatures , was born in Paris in 1769 .
Isabelle Lucas was born in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , to a chef from Barbados who worked on the Canadian Pacific Railway .
Lilo Rasch - Naegele ( born 12 December 1914 , Stuttgart -- died 3 June 1978 , Oberaichen ) was a German painter , graphic artist , fashion designer and book illustrator .
Mark Ladwig was born in Fargo , North Dakota to Carol and John , both doctors , and grew up in Moorhead , Minnesota with two siblings , Todd and Erin .
Jeconiah reigned three months and ten days , from December 9 , 598 to March 15/16 , 597 BC . He succeeded Jehoiakim as king of Judah(2Ki.24:6 ) in December 598 , after raiders from surrounding lands invaded Jerusalem(2Ki.24:2 ) and killed his father .
Simon Renard is generally known as Renard ( Fox in English ) , and was from the town of Vesoul .
Megan Slankard ( born June 6 , Tracy , California ) is an American musician and singer - songwriter .
Danilo Belić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Данило Белић-Дача ; born November 10 , 1980 in Vršac ) is a Serbian football player whose last known club was FC Akzhayik .
Benito Lertxundi is a Basque singer - songwriter born in Orio , Gipuzkoa , Basque Country in 1942 .
Roy Contout ( born 11 February 1985 in Cayenne ) is a French Guianan football ( soccer ) striker , he currently plays for Mouscron - Péruwelz .
Petar Živković was born in Negotin , Principality of Serbia ( present - day Bor District , Serbia ) in 1879 .
Kai Brodersen ( born 6 June 1958 , Tübingen ) is a contemporary ancient historian and classicist on the faculty of the University of Erfurt .
Carlo Pedini ( born 19 June 1956 in Perugia ) is an Italian classical composer .
Veronica Atzei , better known by her stage name Bianca Atzei ( Italian : ( ˈbjaŋka atˈtsɛi ) ; Sardinian : ( a(t)ˈtsei ) ; born Milan , March 8 , 1987 ) , is an Italian singer .
Diana Glauber ( 1650 , Utrecht -- ca.1721 , Hamburg ) , was a Dutch Golden Age painter .
Samora Machel was born in the village of Madragoa ( today 's Chilembene ) , Gaza Province , Mozambique , to a family of farmers .
Mohanlal Viswanathan Nair was born on 21 May 1960 in the Elanthoor village of Pathanamthitta district , Kerala , as the youngest child of Viswanathan Nair , a former bureaucrat and law secretary with the Kerala Government , and Santhakumari .
Josep Lluís Pellicer i Fenyé ( 12 May 1842 , Barcelona - 15 June 1901 , Barcelona ) was a Catalonian painter , illustrator and cartoonist .
Louis Marie Charles Hurault de Sorbée ( born 17 April 1786 , Reims ) was a French soldier .
Joe Darroch ( born 1872 in Alexandria , Scotland ) was a footballer who played in the Football League for Sheffield Wednesday , Bury and Blackburn Rovers .
Peter Marginter ( 26 October 1934 in Vienna -- 10 February 2008 there ) was an Austrian author , essayist and translator .
Ernst Middendorp ( born October 28 , 1958 in Freren ) is a German football ( soccer ) manager who was until most recently the head coach of the South African Premier Soccer League club , Chippa United .
Margaret Whiting was born in Detroit , but her family moved to Los Angeles in 1929 , when she was five years old .
Gerasimos Skiadaresis ( Greek : Γεράσιμος Σκιαδαρέσης , b. 1960 in Patras ) is a Greek actor .
Born on 22 November 1972 in Poitiers , Cyril Pedrosa decided to become a drawing artist since his was an adolescent .
Emanuel Perrone ( born 14 June 1983 in Río Cuarto , Córdoba ) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Iraklis in the Greek Football League , as a Striker .
Giovanni Volpato was born in Bassano del Grappa ( then in the state of Venice ) .
Benny Rubinstein is a former Israeli footballer who played in Maccabi Netanya and Hapoel Netanya , who now works in Real estate development .
Ibrahim Dakkak ( born in Jerusalem in 1929 , is a Palestinian civil engineer and activist .
Valentine Harris ( Irish : Vailintín Ó hEarchaí , born 23 June 1884 , Ringsend , Dublin , Republic of Ireland ) , commonly referred to as Val Harris , was an Irish footballer who played Gaelic football for Dublin and soccer for , among others Shelbourne , Everton and Ireland .
Ahmed Aït Ouarab ( born August 7 , 1979 in Bourgoin - Jallieu , Isère ) is a French - Algerian football player who is currently without a club .
Thomas Posey was born on the banks of the Potomac River on a farm adjacent to Mt Vernon in Fairfax County , Virginia on July 9 , 1750 .
Amy Brandon Thomas was born in London , the daughter of the playwright Brandon Thomas and his wife Marguerite , and was educated privately .
Gregor Strasser was born on 31 May 1892 into the family of a Catholic judicial officer who lived in the Upper Bavarian market town of Geisenfeld .
Carl Einstein who was born to a German Jewish family on 26 April 1885 , in the Rhineland town of Neuwied .
Dimitris Papaioannou ( Greek : Δημήτρης Παπαϊωάννου ; born 21 June 1964 ) is a Greek experimental theater stage director , choreographer and visual artist who drew media attention and acclaim with his creative direction of the Opening Ceremony of the Athens 2004 Olympic Games .
Luigi de ' Rossi was born in Florence on August 6 , 1474 , the son of Leonetto de ' Rossi and Maria de ' Medici , a member of the House of Medici .
Tamas Menyhart is an actor from Belgium he was born in Budapest the capital city of Hungary .
Jules Bourgeois was initially associated with his father and brother in Rouen , as the Paris representative of the family weaving business(1881 - 1889 ) and he finally representing the spinning mills of H. Schwartz in Sainte Marie - aux - Mines from 1893 .
Born in 1893 , in Guthrie Center , Iowa , Coleman Griffith was the first of four children .
Ignacy Tłoczyński was born 14 July 1911 , in Poznań , then part of the German Empire , and was considered a skilful young player practising at the local courts of the town .
Mindia Khitarishvili ( Georgian : მინდია ხითარიშვილიƒ˜ ; Russian : Миндия Хитаришвили‡ ; Batumi , born January 1 , 1973 ) is a Georgian composer .
Connersville , Indiana , proclaimed June 4 , 1968 , as Robert Wise Day , while his birthplace , Winchester , Indiana , made a similar proclamation the following day .
Thiago Henrique Feltri or simply Thiago Feltri ( born May 18 , 1985 in Fernão ) , is a Brazilian footballer , who plays for Bragantino .
Frank Asch ( born August 6 , 1946 in Somerville , New Jersey ) is an American children 's writer , best known for his Moonbear picture books .
Toni Huttunen ( born 12 January 1973 in Kuusankoski ) is a Finnish retired footballer who last played for MyPa .
Francis Barrallier was the eldest son of Jean - Louis Barrallier , a French marine engineer and Royalist supporter who escaped to the United Kingdom in 1793 during the Siege of Toulon by the Republicans .
Marina Geli i Fàbrega ( b. in Sant Gregori . 12 September 1958 ) was the health minister of the Generalitat de Catalunya from 2003 to 2010 .
Rex Smith ( born September 19 , 1955 , Jacksonville , Florida ) is an American actor and singer .
Hunter von Leer ( born in Terre Haute , Indiana ; April 3 , 1944 ) is an American actor who has appeared in films , television series , and television movies .
Victor Oganov ( born August 11 , 1976 in Syktyvkar , Komi ASSR , Russian SFSR ) is a Russian boxer of Russian and Armenian descent .
Lucas Vidal was born and grew up in Madrid .
Stefano Locatelli ( born February 26 , 1989 in Bergamo ) is an Italian racing cyclist riding for Bardiani - CSF .
John Swiderski ( born May 15 , 1975 , in Cleveland , Ohio , U.S. ) founded Mean Hamster Software in 1985 at the age of 10 .
Irving Sandler ( born July 22 , 1925 in New York City ) is an American art critic , art historian , and educator .
Joan Haanappel ( born November 13 , 1940 , The Hague ) is a former Dutch figure skater and sports presenter for the NOS , AVRO , ZDF and Eurosport .
Giovanni Piacentini ( born 9 April 1968 in Modena ) is an Italian former professional footballer .
Gerald Simpson ( born 16 February 1967 , Moss Side , Manchester , England ) , better known as A Guy Called Gerald , is a British musician , DJ and record producer .
Juan Ramón Rocha ( born March 8 , 1954 in Santo Tomé , Corrientes ) is an Argentine former footballer , and coach .
Kethy Õunpuu ( born 4 December 1987 ) is an Estonian football player who plays for and captains both Naiste Meistriliiga club Flora Tallinn and the Estonia women 's national football team .
Prince Hassan bin Talal ( Arabic : الحسن بن طلال‎ , born 20 March 1947 in Amman ) , is a member of the Jordanian royal family .
Gregory Dark ( born Gregory Hippolyte Brown on July 12 , 1957 in Los Angeles ) is an American film director , film producer , music video director , and screenwriter .
Natasha Thomas ( born September 27 , 1986 in Roskilde ) is a Danish pop singer - songwriter .
Thomas Tudor ( 3 July 1785 - -1885 ) was a Welsh artist and land agent based in Monmouth .
Pierre Antoine François Huber ( born December 20 , 1775 in Sankt Wendel ; d. April 26 , 1832 in Paris ) was a brigadier general in the French army .
Kresilas ( Greek : Κρησίλας Krēsílas ; c. 480 -- c. 410 BC ) was a Greek sculptor in the Classical period ( 5th century BC ) , from Kydonia .
Shaun Gore ( born 21 September 1968 in West Ham , England ) is an English former professional footballer and coach .
Balázs Bérczy ( born 15 January 1966 in Pécs ) is a former Hungarian football player who currently is the Managing Director of Pécsi Mecsek FC .
Daniel Woods ( born August 1 , 1989 in Richardson , Texas ) is an American professional climber who specializes in bouldering .
Théophile Emmanuel Duverger was a French painter who was born in Bordeaux on 17 March 1821 and died at an uncertain date between 1886 and 1901 .
Gil Vainshtein ( born 29 October 1984 in Ukraine ) is a Canadian association football player who plays for the Italia Shooters of the Canadian Soccer League .
Ali Boulebda ( Arabic : علي بولبدة‎ ) ( born August 21 , 1980 in Souk Ahras ) is an Algerian international footballer .
Lisa Willis grew up in Long Beach , CA and attended Narbonne High School in Harbor City , CA .
Martin Putze ( born 14 January 1985 in Apolda , Thuringia ) is a German bobsledder who has competed since the early 2000s .
Bella Emberg ( born Sybil I. Dyke 16 September 1937 in Hove , Sussex , England , UK ) is a British actress who appeared on The Benny Hill Show and The Russ Abbot Show , where she played Blunderwoman .
Amalia Tătăran ( born 15 July 1994 , Satu Mare ) is a Romanian épée fencer , team silver medallist at the 2013 European Fencing Championships and team gold medallist at the 2015 European Games .
Christina Metaxa ( Χριστίνα Μεταξά ) , ( born April 4 , 1992 ) is a Cypriot singer - songwriter born in Limassol .
According to stories in The Boy Biggles and Biggles Goes to School , James Bigglesworth was born in India in May 1899 , the son of an administrator in the Indian Civil Service and his wife ( née Lacey ) .
Lyle Adams ( born December 19 , 1986 in Kingston ) is a Jamaican footballer , currently without a club .
In - Ah Lee was raised and educated in Hamburg , Germany , where she graduated from Law School in 1992 .
Johnny Mince ( born John Muenzberger ) ( July 8 , 1912 , Chicago Heights , Illinois -- 1997 ) was an American swing jazz clarinetist .
Jason Ruta ( born August 7 , 1979 in Winnipeg , Manitoba ) is a Canadian television personality and actor .
Maria Benedicta Chigbolu ( born 27 July 1989 ) is an Italian sprinter , born in Rome from Nigerian father .
Calonymus of Alexandria ( Greek : Καλώνυμος ' Αλεξανδρεύς ) was a Byzantine naval commander , known for leading the fleet in the Vandalic War ( 533 - -534 ) .
Dan Savage was born in Chicago , Illinois , the son of Judith `` Judy '' ( née Schneider ) , who worked at Loyola University , and William Savage , Sr . He has Irish and German ancestry .
Urve Tiidus is born on 6 June 1954 in Rapla .
Alireza Azizi ( Persian : علیرضا عزیزی‎ ) born January 12 , 1950 in Abadan is a retired Iranian footballer .
Marko Barišić ( born 3 March 1993 ) is a Croatian football defender , currently playing for Primorac 1929 in the Druga HNL on loan from Hajduk Split .
Dick Krzywicki ( born Ryszard Lech Krzywicki on 2 February 1947 in Penley , Flintshire ) is a Welsh former professional footballer and Wales international .
Tim Willocks is a British physician and novelist ( Born 27 October 1957 ) in Stalybridge , Cheshire , England .
Dervish Hima was born in Ohrid to a landowning family .
Kamran Mirza was born in Kabul to Babur 's wife Gulrukh Begum .
Arthur Batanides ( April 9 , 1923 -- January 10 , 2000 ) was an American film and television actor , originally from Tacoma , Washington .
Dominik Bochenek ( born 14 May 1987 in Jasło ) is Polish athlete specializing in the high hurdles .
Pierre Frondaie -- né Albert René Fraudet -- was born in 1884 in Paris to an upper - middle - class family .
Rotem Kowner ( born 11 July 1960 in Mikhmoret ) is an Israeli historian and psychologist specializing in the history of modern Japan , and a full professor in the Department of Asian Studies at the University of Haifa .
Carolyn Parkhurst ( born January 18 , 1971 , Manchester , New Hampshire ) is an American author who has published three books .
Andrea Wulf ( born 1972 in New Delhi , India ) is a historian and writer , lives in Britain , and has written books , newspaper articles and book reviews .
Imre Csősz ( born 31 May 1969 , Debrecen ) is a Hungarian judoka .
Martin Huba ( born 16 July 1943 in Bratislava ) is a Slovak actor and director on stage and in film .
Mykhailo Bondarenko was born in a peasant family in a town of Elizavetgrad ( Kirovohrad ) , central Ukraine .
John Jaha graduated from David Douglas High School in Portland , Oregon in 1984 .
Martin Schenkel was born in Basel and attended after the high school the drama school in Bern , thenafter he moved to Germany for an engagement at the State Theater , Karlsruhe .
Jamie Moralee ( born 2 December 1971 in Wandsworth in south London ) is an English former football player .
Dragan Antanasijević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Дpaгaн Aнтaнacиjeвић ; born July 19 , 1987 in Belgrade ) is a Serbian football player who currently plays for Partizani Tirana in the Serbian First League .
Patrick Galvin ( 15 August 1927 -- 10 May 2011 ) was an Irish poet , singer , playwright , and prose and screen writer born in Cork 's inner city .
Wilfrid Zogbaum ( 1915 , Newport , Rhode Island -- January 7 , 1965 ) was an American painter and sculptor .
August Hermann Cremer ( 18 October 1834 , Unna , Westphalia -- 4 October 1903 ) was a German Protestant theologian .
Glenn Chandler was born in Edinburgh in 1949 , and educated at the Royal High School in the city .
Jacques Deschenaux ( born 9 December 1945 in Fribourg ) is a Swiss journalist and television personality .
Brian O'Callaghan ( born 24 February 1981 in Limerick , Ireland ) is a professional footballer , who play for his home town club Limerick in the League of Ireland Premier Division .
Lucien Rault ( borm March 30 , 1936 in Plouguenast ) is a French long - distance runner .
Stanley Savige was born on 26 June 1890 , in Morwell , Victoria , the eldest of eight children to Samuel Savige , a butcher , and his wife Ann Nora , née Walmsley .
Christos Karkamanis ( Greek : Χρήστος Καρκαμάνης ) ( born 22 September 1969 in Thessaloniki ) is a former Greek football player .
Suzanne Pastor ( born 16 November 1952 , Chicago ) is an artist of German - American descent based in Prague , Czech Republic .
Ulrika Babiaková ( 1976 - -2002 ) was a Slovak astronomer from Banská Štiavnica who discovered or co - discovered twelve asteroids .
Alfred Lazarus Fingleston ( 16 December 1920 -- 13 May 2012 ) , better known as Les Leston , was a British racing driver , born in Bulwell , Nottinghamshire .
Yves Michaud ( born February 13 , 1930 , in Saint - Hyacinthe , Quebec ) is a prominent Quebec public figure , a sovereigntist and pur et dur supporter of the Parti Québécois .
Léonard - Bernard Motard ( Honfleur , 27 July 1771 -- Honfleur , 26 May 1852 ) was a French naval officer and eventually contre - amiral .
Erika Kirsner ( born 23 December 1975 in Hódmezővásárhely ) is a former Hungarian international handball player who currently serves as the president of Váci NKSE .
Heshmat Sanjari studied violin at the Tehran Conservatory of Music under Serge Khotsief and Conducting at the Vienna Music Academy as a pupil of Hans Swarowsky .
Luther Strange was born in Birmingham , Alabama , and lived in Sylacauga until the age of six , when his family moved to Homewood .
Abeer Macintyre was born in Amman , Jordan in December 1964 to a Jordanian father and Irish mother .
Daagh Dehlvi ( Urdu : داغ دہلوی‎ , Hindi : दाग़ देहलवी ) born Nawab Mirza Khan ( Urdu : نواب مرزا خان‎ , Hindi : नवाब मिर्ज़ा ख़ान ) ( 25 May 1831 -- 17 March 1905 ) was an outstanding poet famous for his Urdu ghazals and belonged to the old Delhi school of Urdu poetry .
Barbara O'Neil was born in St. Louis , Missouri , the daughter of Barbara ( née Blackman 1880 - 1963 ) and David O'Neil , a businessman and poet .
Alexandre Étienne Choron ( 1837 , Caen , Calvados -- 1924 ) was a French chef .
Johnny Reed McKinzie , Jr. , ( born March 31 , 1985 ) , better known by his stage name Jay Rock , is an American hip hop recording artist from Watts , Los Angeles , California .
Gu Wenxiang ( Chinese : 顾文祥 ; born 8 February 1991 in Kunming , Yunnan ) is a Chinese footballer who plays for Jiangsu Sainty in the Chinese Super League .
Ashpan Annie ( January 25 , 1916 -- July 18 , 2010 ) was the name given to Halifax Explosion survivor Anne M. Welsh ( née Liggins ) .
Ronja Mannov Olesen ( born 5 July 1987 in Copenhagen ) is a Danish actress who mainly acted in En mand kommer hjem , a Danish movie directed by Thomas Vinterberg ( 2007 ) .
Arnaldo Bonfanti ( born March 18 , 1978 in Monza ) is a footballer who plays for Serie D club MapelloBonate .
Richard McFadden ( 1889 in Cambuslang , Lanarkshire -- 23 October 1916 in Flanders , France ) was a Scottish footballer who was Clapton Orient 's top scorer for four consecutive seasons between 1911 - -1915 .
Yolanda Chen ( Russian : Иоланда Чен ; born July 26 , 1961 in Moscow ) is a retired Russian athlete .
Dame Fanny Waterman , DBE ( born 22 March 1920 ) is a piano teacher , and the founder , Chairman and Artistic Director of the Leeds International Pianoforte Competition .
Đoàn Thanh Lam ( Hanoi , 19 June 1969 ) is a famous Vietnamese singer .
Mike Alfreds ( born Michael Guy Alexander Alfreds in London on 5 June 1934 ) is an English theatre director , dramatist and playwright , who won a Critics ' Circle Theatre Award and a British Theatre Managers Association award for Best Director .
William Findley was born in Ulster , Ireland and emigrated to Pennsylvania in 1763 .
Joseph Minion ( born 1957 in Teaneck , New Jersey ) is an American film director and screenwriter , best known for Martin Scorsese 's After Hours ( 1985 ) .
Richard Trevithick was born at Tregajorran ( in the parish of Illogan ) , between Camborne and Redruth , in the heart of one of the rich mineral mining areas of Cornwall .
Ashok Kumar was born Kumudlal Ganguly in Bhagalpur , then in the Bengal Presidency and now lying in Bihar .
Wolfgang Hirschbach ( 19 January 1570 , Gotha -- 13 September 1620 , Wittenberg ) was a German legal scholar .
Lawrence Siphiwe Tshabalala ( born 25 September 1984 in Soweto ) , is a South African professional football midfielder who plays for and captains Kaizer Chiefs in the Premier Soccer League .
Gerhard Zadrobilek ( born June 23 , 1961 in Breitenfurt bei Wien ) is an Austrian former professional road bicycling racer .
Ahmad Itani ( Arabic : احمد عيتاني‎ ) ( born 1979 in Beirut , Lebanon ) is a Lebanese association football player .
Mike Buck ( born June 17 , 1952 ) is an Austin , Texas - based drummer and co - owner of Antone 's Record Shop located in downtown Austin .
Marie - Claude Pietragalla ( born February 2 , 1963 in Paris ) is a French dancer and choreographer .
Ritchie Makuma Mpasa ( born 6 May 1985 in Vitry - sur - Seine ) is a French footballer currently playing for Amiens AC as a defender .
William Mastrosimone ( born August 19 , 1947 ) is an American playwright and screenwriter from Trenton , New Jersey .
Dominic Cifarelli was a founding member and guitarist for the Montreal - based band Pulse Ultra and is the bassist for Scars on Broadway .
Marshallsay was born at Yeovil , Somerset , England , the son of Charles Marshallsay and received his education at Godalming , Surrey .
Sadegh Goudarzi ( Persian : صادق گودرزى‎‎ , born 22 September 1987 in Malayer ) is an Iranian wrestler .
Attila Zsivoczky ( born 29 April 1977 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian track and field athlete , competing in decathlon .
Susan Tolsky ( born April 6 , 1943 in Houston , Texas ) is an American actress and voice actress , perhaps best known for her role as Biddie Cloom on the comedy Western series Here Come the Brides ( 1968 - -70 ) and Bernadette on Madame 's Place ( 1982 - -83 ) .
Anthony Gross was born in 1905 , at Dulwich , London , the son of the Hungarian cartographer and founder of Geographia Ltd , Alexander Gross ( 1880 - -1958 ) , and suffragette Isabelle Crowley ( 1886 - 1938 ) .
Jan Wyck was born on 29 October 1652 , in Haarlem , then part of the Dutch Republic .
Zachary DeVille ( born 23 March 1993 in San Diego , California , United States ) is a Guamanian international footballer who plays for the Cal State Northridge Matadors and the Guam national team .
Yves Thuriès was born in the village of Lempaut in the department of Tarn .
Angelo Codevilla was born in Voghera , Italy , son of Angelo ( a businessman ) and Serena ( Almangano ) Codevilla .
The birthplace of Captain George Allen Gilreath , known as Old Gilreath , stretched across the Brushy Mountains of Wilkes County , North Carolina .
Frank O'Hara , the son of Russell Joseph O'Hara and Katherine ( née Broderick ) was born on March 27 , 1926 , at Maryland General Hospital , Baltimore , and grew up in Grafton , Massachusetts .
Born in Mount Sterling , Kentucky , Garrett Davis was the brother of Amos Davis .
Milan Mešter ( Cyrillic : Милан Мештер , born 23 October 1975 in Cetinje ) is a Montenegrin football manager and former player .
Yuval Shawat ( Hebrew : יובל שאווט‎ ) is an Israeli footballer playing for Hapoel Afula .
İsmet İnönü was born in İzmir , Aidin Vilayet to Hacı Reşit ( Turkish : ( hadʒɯ reʃit ) ) and Cevriye ( Turkish : ( dʒevrije ) ) ( later Cevriye Temelli ) , and was of Kurdish descent on his father 's side and of Turkish descent through his mother .
Karine Laurent Philippot ( born October 29 , 1974 in Mulhouse as Karine Philippot ) is a French cross country skier and non - commissioned officer who has competed since 1994 .
Maryna Poroshenko was born as Maryna Perevedentseva ( Ukrainian : Марина Анатоліївна Переведенцева ) in 1962 in Kiev , Ukraine .
Born in Mamer , Josy Barthel 's abilities as a middle - distance runner was discovered during World War II . His first fame came by winning the 800 m at the Military World Championships in Berlin in 1947 .
Curt Leviant ( born 1932 , Vienna ) is a retired Jewish Studies professor , as well as a novelist and translator .
Pablo Chiapella , also known as Chape and as a `` Vividor Follador '' grew up in Albacete ( Castilla - La Mancha ) , 1976 .
Charles Heywood was born on October 3 , 1839 in Waterville , Maine , son of Charles Heywood , a Lieutenant in the U. S. Navy , who had distinguished himself in the defense of San José del Cabo during the Mexican American War .
Tõnis Mägi ( born 18 November 1948 in Tallinn ) is an Estonian singer , guitarist , composer and actor .
Annette Humpe ( born October 28 , 1950 in Hagen , North Rhine - Westphalia ) is a German songwriter , pop singer and record producer .
Sire Raul , also known as Ralph of Milan ( Milan , ca . 1100 - approx . 1200 ) , was an Italian historian .
Russell Gewirtz ( born 1967 in Great Neck , New York ) is an American screenwriter , best known for writing the screenplay for Spike Lee 's Inside Man .
John Michael Cummings ( born 1963 in Harpers Ferry , West Virginia ) is an American novelist and short story writer .
Harry van Hoof ( born 16 March 1943 in Hilversum ) is a Dutch conductor , composer and music arranger .
Václav Fresl ( 14 October 1868 , in Pelhřimov , Kingdom of Bohemia -- 23 December 1915 ) was a Czech politician of the late - nineteenth and early twentieth centuries .
Els Goulmy ( born 27 November 1946 , The Hague ) is professor of transplantation biology , especially regarding minor histocompatibility antigen , at Leiden University .
Albert A. Boyajian ( born June 4 , 1940 , Aleppo , Syria ) is an American business leader and activist for Armenian causes .
Kevin Cogan ( born in Culver City , California , March 31 , 1956 ) is a former racecar driver who drove in Formula One from 1980 to 1981 .
Geno Segers ( born in 1976 in Winston - Salem , North Carolina , USA ) is an American actor known for his roles as Mason Makoola in the Disney XD television series Pair of Kings , Chayton Littlestone on Cinemax 's Banshee , Kincaid on MTV 's Teen Wolf and also as co - host of Fort Boyard :
The late Professor Djillali Liabes ( Arabic,الجيلالي اليابس ) was born in 1948 in Sidi Bel Abbès .
Carol Beckwith was born in Boston , Massachusetts , where she went on to attend both the School of the Museum of Fine Arts , Boston and Goucher College in Maryland .
Born in New York City , Elsie Ferguson was the only child of Hiram and Amelia Ferguson , her father was a successful attorney .
Winfield Scott was born to William Scott ( 1747 - -1789 ) and Anna Mason ( 1748 - -1803 ) on Laurel Branch , the family plantation in Dinwiddie County , Virginia , near Petersburg , Virginia , on June 13 , 1786 .
Saburo Aizawa ( Japanese : 相沢 三郎 - Aizawa Saburō ) ( September 6 , 1889 -- July 3 , 1936 ) was a Japanese soldier born in Iwate Prefecture .
Jamie Squires ( born November 15 , 1975 in Preston ) , is an English footballer currently playing for Bamber Bridge .
Alex Waislitz ( Melbourne 1958- ) is an Australian businessman .
Hank Marvin was born Brian Robson Rankin in Newcastle upon Tyne , England .
Fabien Grellier ( born October 31 , 1994 in Aizenay ) is a French cyclist riding for Vendée U. He will ride for Direct Énergie in 2016 .
Luka Elsner ( born 2 August 1982 in Ljubljana ) is a former Slovenian footballer who is currently a manager at Domžale .
Elmer Snowden was born in Baltimore to Gertude Snowden , and had a brother , James .
Arthur Simon ( born 1930 in Eugene , Oregon ) is founder and president emeritus of Bread for the World , a citizens ' lobby on hunger , which he served for almost two decades .
Nino Da Silva ( born May 26 , 1979 in Santos , São Paulo ) is a Brazil - born American former professional soccer player .
Henry Laufer , better known by his stage name Shlohmo , is an American electronic musician from Los Angeles , California .
Leopold Figl Museum in Michelhausen in Tulln , Lower Austria Leopold Figl observatory on the Schöpfl ( mountain in the northern Vienna Woods overlooking the Tullnerfeld , Figl 's home region ) Leopold Figl observatory on Tulbinger Kogel in Lower Austria ( ditto ) Leopold Figl court :
Daniel H. Wilson was born in Tulsa , Oklahoma , the elder of two children .
Charlotte Gordon Cumming ( born in Scotland , 2 February 1958 ) is a contemporary singer - songwriter and music producer , daughter of a Scottish clan chief .
Alexei Bogaturov was born in 1954 in Nalchik and graduated from Moscow State University of International Relations ( MGIMO ) in 1976 .
Ian Sharp ( born 13 November 1946 , Clitheroe , Lancashire ) is an English film and television director .
Mirjana Karanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мирјана Карановић ) ( born 28 January 1957 , in Belgrade ) is a Serbian actress known for many important roles in former Yugoslav films during the past quarter of a century .
Erivelton Gomes Viana aka Erivelton ( born April 2 , 1978 ) is a Brazilian footballer , born in Carvalhos , Minas Gerais , who plays central back .
Born in Telêmaco Borba , before becoming an actress , Dayenne Mesquita studied theater , classic ballet and jazz , and because of that , she won the role of the lead antagonist , Amanda Vasconcelos in 2007 Rede Bandeirantes ' telenovela Dance Dance Dance .
Ervine Metzl was born in Chicago in 1899 to Ignatz and Bertha ( Kohn ) Metzl , Jewish immigrants from Bohemia .
Alexander Ursenbacher ( born 26 April 1996 ) is a Swiss former professional snooker player from Rheinfelden .
Eugênio Rômulo Togni ( born 9 September 1982 in São Leopoldo ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for the Italian side Maceratese .
Richard Holcomb ( born September 21 , 1976 ) is a commercial sex worker specialist , street outreach worker and HIV prevention counselor in Providence , Rhode Island .
Morten Wormskjold was born in Copenhagen to a recently nobilitated family of civil servants in the Danish state administration .
On 4 December 1916 in Neeta Khandan in Bathinda ( Punjab ) , Balwant Gargi was born in a house in the Neeta Mal street , near the 1800-year - old historical Gobind Fort , famous for being the spot where Razia Sultan was imprisoned .
Johnny Dowd ( born March 29 , 1948 in Fort Worth , Texas ) is an American alternative country musician from Ithaca , New York .
Édson Marcelo de Faria Manfron , Tamandaré or simply Marcelo de Faria ( born February 8 , 1979 in Curitiba ) , is a Brazilian striker .
Justin Rovegno ( born 17 July 1989 ) is a Gibraltarian footballer who plays for Gibraltar Premier Division side Manchester 62 and the Gibraltar national team .
Christine Horne ( born December 14 , 1981 in Aurora , Ontario ) is a Canadian actress who co - starred with Ellen Burstyn in the movie The Stone Angel .
Julia O'Faolain ( born 1932 in London ) is an Irish novelist and short story writer .
Namdeo Dhasal was born in 1949 , in a small village Pur in Khed taluk near Pune , India .
Arthur Rosenberg was born into a German Jewish middle - class family in Berlin on 19 December 1889 .
Karl Ernst von Baer was born into a Baltic German noble family in the Piep estate , Kreis Jerwen , Governorate of Estonia ( in present - day Lääne - Viru County , Estonia ) , as a knight by birthright .
Bryan Collier was raised in Pocomoke City near the southern border of Maryland Eastern Shore .
Mas Mansoer was born on 25 June 1896 in Kampung Sawahan , north of Surabaya .
George Roussos was born in Washington , D.C. , the son of Greek - Americans William and Helen Roussos .
Jhulliam Bonfim Santos Pires or simply Jhulliam ( born 4 April 1988 , Vera Cruz , Bahia ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Al - Hilal Omdurman .
Thomas Schönlebe ( born 6 August 1965 in Frauenstein , Erzgebirge , Saxony ) is a former ( East ) German 400 metre runner who won the gold medal at the 1987 World Championships in Athletics in Rome .
Jean - Paul Cottret ( b. June 19 1963 in Gien ) is a French rally navigator , best known for his success in the Dakar Rally alongside Stéphane Peterhansel .
Max Sørensen ( February 19 , 1913 in Copenhagen - October 11 , 1981 in Risskov ) was a Danish diplomat and professor of international law .
Anton Schaller ( born 1944 in Nottwil ) is a Swiss journalist , news presenter and politician ( LdU ) .
Richard Whittle ( born in England ) was a footballer who played in The Football League for Preston North End .
Gabriel Vallés ( born 31 May 1986 in Godoy Cruz , Mendoza ) is an Argentine footballer he is in free status for the moment .
Kent Stetson , C.M. ( born July 5 , 1948 in Marshfield , Prince Edward Island ) is a Canadian playwright and novelist .
Jozef Gašpar ( Hungarian : József Gáspár ) ( born 23 August 1977 in Rožňava ) is a professional Slovak football player of Hungarian ethnicity .
Kazimieras G. Prapuolenis , or Kaz ( born 1959 , Hoboken , New Jersey ) , is an American cartoonist and illustrator .
Subrata Roy was born in Araria in Bihar , India 1948 to Sudhir Chandra Roy and Srimati Chhabi Roy .
Andrea Palma ( b. Trapani , 1644 or 1664 -- d. 1730 ) was an 18th - century Italian architect , working in the Baroque style .
Yusuf Yılmaz ( born 30 January 1991 in Hanover , Germany ) is a German footballer with Turkish descent who last played professionally in Germany for FSV Frankfurt II . He has previously played in Greece for Ethnikos Piraeus in 2009 - 2010 .
Leopold Katzenstein ( July 23 , 1843 ) Rhina ( today Haunetal ) , former Kreis Hünfeld , Hessen , Germany --
Matt Reed ( born November 8 , 1975 in Palmerston North , New Zealand ) is an American elite triathlete .
Ignazio Arcoleo ( born 15 February 1948 in Palermo ) is an Italian footballer and manager .
Ilya Grubert ( 13 May 1954 in Riga ) is a Latvian classical violinist .
John McCloskey was born in Brooklyn , New York , to Patrick and Elizabeth ( née Hassan ) McCloskey , who had immigrated to the United States from County Londonderry , Ireland , shortly after their marriage in 1808 .
Jhonatan da Silva Pereira or simply Jhonatan Pereira ( born January 31 , 1989 in Corumbá ) , is a Brazilian football striker who most recently plays for Tochigi SC in Japan .
Szymon Marcin Kossakowski ( Lithuanian : Simonas Martynas Kosakovskis ; 1741 in Šilai , Jonava -- 1794 ) was a Polish--
Daniel Steibelt was born in Berlin , and studied music with Johann Kirnberger before being forced by his father to join the Prussian army .
İlhan Şeşen , ( d. 18 Haziran 1948 , Manisa ) Turkish musician and artist .
Leong Ka Hang ( Chinese : 梁嘉恆 ; pinyin : Liáng Jiākēng ; born 22 November 1992 in Macau ) is Macanese international footballer .
Leonardo Cruz ( born January 17 , 1953 in Santiago de los Caballeros , Dominican Republic ) , better known in the world of boxing as Leo Cruz , was a world Jr. Featherweight champion from the Dominican Republic .
An American of Irish extraction , Francis Brennan was born in Shenandoah , Pennsylvania , to James and Margaret ( née Connors ) Brennan .
Otobong Nkanga ( born 1974 Kano , Nigéria ) is a visual artist , and performance artist based in Paris and Antwerp .
Karl Friedrich von Steinmetz ( 27 December 1796 -- 2 August 1877 ) was a German Generalfeldmarschall , born at Eisenach .
Lazar Horowitz , or Eleazar HaLevi Ish Horowitz , Eleasar ben David Josua Hoeschel Horowitz , aka El'azar Hurwitz ( 1803/1804 , Floß , Upper Palatinate - June 11 , 1868 , Vöslau ) was an Orthodox Rabbi who led the Orthodox Jewish community of Vienna during the Vormärz period .
Pamela May was born Doris May , in the city of San Fernando , Trinidad , on 30 May 1917 .
Mona - Liisa Nousiainen , née Malvalehto , ( born July 20 , 1983 in Rovaniemi ) is a Finnish cross country skier who has competed since 2001 .
Born in Ameca , Jalisco , José Salazar López studied at the seminary in Guadalajara and the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome before being ordained to the priesthood on May 26 , 1934 .
Simenona Martinez is an American actress , singer - songwriter and director from Los Angeles , California .
Jacques Daret ( c. 1404 -- c. 1470 ) was an Early Netherlandish painter born in Tournai ( Doornik ; now in Belgium ) , where he would spend much of his life .
Felice Cappelletti ( 1656 -- 1738 ) was an Italian painter of the Late - Baroque , active in mainly in Verona .
Gillian Akiko Thomson ( born October 8 , 1974 in Washington , D.C. , USA ) is a Filipina television host , journalist and retired swimmer .
Stephen Polk was born in Dayton , Ohio and grew up in Minnesota and later New York City .
Jason Eskenazi is an American photographer , born April 23 , 1960 in Queens , New York and based in Brooklyn , New York .
Judd Hambrick ( born September 25 , 1945 , in Tulsa , Oklahoma ) is an American Emmy - award winning former television newscaster and reporter .
David Behrman ( born August 16 , 1937 in Salzburg , AustriaInt ) is an American composer and a pioneer of computer music .
Finn Geipel ( * November 23 , 1958 in Stuttgart ) is a German Architect and Urbanist .
Ebenezer Grant ( 1882 -- 1962 ) was a footballer who played five games in the Football League for Burslem Port Vale in 1906 .
Jones was born enslaved in Charleston , South Carolina , and named after his father , Jehu Jones Sr . , a tailor who bought his freedom ( along with his wife and Jehu 's mother Abigail ) in 1798 , and eventually became a successful real estate investor and innkeeper in Charleston .
Piotr Orzechowski ( born 31 December 1990 , Kraków ) , also known by his stage name Pianohooligan , is a Polish jazz pianist and composer .
Dennis Condrey was born in Florence , Alabama , and started wrestling in 1973 in the Tennessee area , wrestling for promoter George Gulas .
Keith Ellison , the third of five sons , was born and raised Roman Catholic in Detroit , Michigan , by his parents Leonard Ellison , a social worker and a psychiatrist , and Clida ( Martinez ) Ellison .
Hugo Karl Anton Pernice ( November 9 , 1829 - December 31 , 1901 ) was a German gynecologist and obstetrician born in Halle an der Saale .
Kurt Sommerlatt ( born 25 December 1928 in Karlsruhe ) is a German former footballer and manager who played for Karlsruher SC , Bayern Munich and FC La Chaux - de - Fonds .
Ahmet Nihat Berker ( born 20 September 1949 in Istanbul ) , is a Turkish theoretical physicist and emeritus professor of physics at MIT .
Dr. Karen Kelsall ( born December 11 , 1962 in Nanaimo , British Columbia ) is a chiropractor and a retired Canadian gymnast and dancer .
Giuseppe Tarella ( Turin , May 17 , 1883 -- January 17 , 1968 ) was an Italian athlete .
George Posford , né Benjamin George Ashwell ( 23 March 1906 in Folkestone -- 24 April 1976 in Worplesdon ) , was an English composer .
Kim Ojo ( born 2 December 1988 in Warri ) is a Nigerian striker who currently plays as a Centre Forward for the Belgian club OH Leuven .
Thomas Addis Emmet was born in the Hammond 's Marsh area of Cork City in 1764 to Dr. Robert Emmet from Tipperary ( later to become State Physician of Ireland ) and Elizabeth Mason of Kerry , both of whose portraits are today displayed at Cork 's Crawford Art Gallery .
Gábor Csalog ( born in Budapest , 1960 ) is a Hungarian pianist .
Lily Strickland was born in Anderson , South Carolina , of parents Charlton Hines Strickland and his wife Teresa Hammond Reed .
Carl Begai ( born December 1 , 1968 in Toronto , Ontario ) is a Canadian music journalist , and author .
Kyle Polak ( born February 6 , 1984 in Huntington Beach , California ) is a former American soccer , who is currently working as Goalkeeper coach by Cape Fear SC .
Lucio Pedercini ( born September 22 , 1972 in Volta Mantovana ) is an Italian motorcyclist who raced his first Grand Prix in 1992 .
Edward Fender ( born August 8 , 1942 in Bielsko - Biała ) was a Polish luger who competed during the mid-1960s .
John Baeder ( born December 24 , 1938 in South Bend , Indiana ) is an American painter closely associated with the Photorealist movement .
Dilys Laye was born ( as Dilys Lay ) in Muswell Hill , London , the daughter of Edward Lay and his wife Margaret ( née Hewitt ) Her father was a musician who left the family when she was aged eight to work as a musician in South Africa and never came back .
Janet Cox - Rearick ( born 28 June 1930 in Bronxville , New York ) is an American art historian , Distinguished Professor of Art History at the City University of New York .
Kim Geybels ( born 29 October 1981 in Herk - de - Stad ) is a Belgian politician and a former member of the Belgian Senate for the N - VA and is a former Chairman of the youth wing of the N - VA .
Gary Plumley ( born 24 March 1956 in Birmingham ) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League for Newport County , Hereford United and Cardiff City , and in the Hong Kong First Division League for Happy Valley .
Daniel Brochu is a Canadian voice actor born in Montreal , well known for voicing Buster Baxter in the PBS TV series Arthur and its spin - off Postcards from Buster , as well as Danny Pickett in later seasons of What 's with Andy ? .
Ralph Siegel ( born 30 September 1945 in Munich ) is a German record producer and songwriter .
Hansheinz Schneeberger ( born in Bern on October 16 , 1926 ) is a Swiss violinist .
Carmelita Geraghty ( March 21 , 1901 , Rushville , Indiana -- July 7 , 1966 , Manhattan ) was an American silent - film actress and painter .
Tong Jian ( Chinese : 佟健 ; pinyin : Tóng Jiàn ; born August 15 , 1979 in Harbin , Heilongjiang ) is a Chinese pair skater .
Raoul Hausmann was born in Vienna but moved to Berlin with his parents at the age of 14 , in 1901 .
Tom Frager ( born 1 July 1977 in Dakar , Senegal ) is a French songwriter and performer in the group Gwayav ' and is ten times a surfer winner in Guadeloupe .
Oscar Wegner was born and raised in Buenos Aires , Argentina , the son of Dalmira Ofelia Jimenez and Oscar Pablo Wegner , Chief Engineer of Argentinian government oil fields in Comodoro Rivadavia ( YPF ) and an initiator of Aero Club Comodoro Rivadavia .
Pauliina Miettinen ( born 20 May 1972 , in Kuopio ) is a Finnish football ( soccer ) coach and former player .
Živko Budimir was born in Vir near Posušje in Herzegovina .
Jon Lucien ( January 8 , 1942 -- August 18 , 2007 ) was a vocalist and musician , born on the island of Tortola , the main island of the British Virgin Islands .
Originally from Del Rio , Texas , Patrice Fisher was raised in a military family .
Krzesimir Dębski ( Polish pronunciation : ( kʐɛˈɕimir ˈdɛmpski ) ; born 26 October 1953 in Wałbrzych ) is a Polish composer , conductor and jazz violinist .
Gábor Gerstenmájer born 13 September 1967 in Satu Mare ) is a Romanian footballer of German swabian descent , who won the Romanian Golden Boot award in 1992 while playing for Dinamo .
Matthäus Casimir von Collin ( 3 March 1779 -- 23 November 1824 ) was a leading poet in the Vienna of his time .
Sid McClellan ( 11 June 1925 in Bromley - by - Bow -- 2000 ) was a professional footballer who played for Chelmsford City , Tottenham Hotspur , Portsmouth and Leyton Orient .
Lilli Jahn was born as Lilli Schlüchterer , daughter of a wealthy tradesman who lived in Cologne as a liberal assimilated Jew .
Michele di Lando was the first leader of the Ciompi Revolt in Florence that started in 1378 .
A portion of US Route 40 in front of Tecumseh High School near Springfield , Ohio , was named in Wayne Embry 's honor .
Jovan Prokopljević ( born December 30 , 1940 in Zemun ; nicknamed `` The Great '' ) is a Serbian architect , and award - winning cartoonist and caricaturist .
Robin Previtali ( born 5 June 1987 in Besançon ) is a French footballer , who currently plays as a striker for Vesoul Haute - Saône .
T. J. Stiles ( born on ? in Foley , Minnesota ) is an award - winning American biographer who lives in Berkeley , California .
Abu Bakr Muhammad ibn Jafar Narshakhi ( or Narshaki ) ( ca . 899 - -959 ) , from the village of Narshak in the Bukhara oasis , can be considered the first historian in Central Asia .
Crowther was born Francis Bosley Crowther , Jr. in Lutherville , Maryland , the son of Eliza ( Leisenring ) and Francis Bosley Crowther .
Erik Olin Wright ( born 1947 in Berkeley , California ) is an American analytical Marxist sociologist , specializing in social stratification , and in egalitarian alternative futures to capitalism .
Otis Harris , Jr. ( born June 30 , 1982 , in Edwards , Mississippi ) is an American track & field athlete .
Nicolas Todt ( born 17 November 1977 in Le Chesnay , Yvelines ) is the son of former Ferrari Formula One team principal and current FIA president Jean Todt , and manager of racecar drivers Felipe Massa , Pastor Maldonado , James Calado , Charles Leclerc and José María López .
Alberto Franchetti was born in Turin , a Jewish nobleman of independent means .
Eduard Shifrin ( born 1960 ) is an entrepreneur , born in Dnipropetrovsk ( now Ukraine ) , resident in London .
Christin Wurth - Thomas ( born Christin Wurth on July 11 , 1980 in Bloomington , Illinois ) is an American athlete who competes in middle distance track events .
Élie Cartan was born in the village of Dolomieu , Isère , the son of a blacksmith .
Pierre - Emmanuel Dalcin ( born 15 February 1977 in Saint - Jean - de - Maurienne , Savoie ) is a French Alpine skier .
Aniello Portio was an Italian engraver , who worked at Naples from 1690 to 1700 .
Alessandra Riegler ( 24 May 1961 , Modena ) is an Italian International Correspondence Chess Grandmaster .
Harald Keres ( 15 November ( O.S. 2 November ) 1912 , Pärnu -- 26 June 2010 ) was an Estonian physicist considered to be the father of the Estonian school of relativistic gravitation theory .
Nazeni Hovhannisyan ( Armenian : Նազենի Հովհաննիսյան , born July 18 , 1982 ) is an Armenian actress , TV anchor , lecturer at Yerevan State Institute of Theater and Cinema .
Peter Rutley ( born 19 May 1946 in Exeter , Devon ) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League , as a right half .
Lindsay Pulsipher was born and grew up in Salt Lake City , Utah , with five siblings , and was inspired to be an actor by her mother , a theater actress .
Franco Colomba ( born 6 February 1955 in Grosseto ) is an Italian football coach and former player , most recently in charge of Indian Super League club FC Pune City .
George Perkins Merrill ( May 31 , 1854 Auburn , Maine -- August 15 , 1929 ) was an American geologist , notable as the head curator from 1917 to 1929 of the Department of Geology , United States National Museum ( now the National Museum of Natural History of the Smithsonian Institution ) .
Shane Lennon is a Gaelic footballer from County Louth , Ireland .
Mike Metzger ( born November 19 , 1975 in Huntington Beach , California ) is an American Freestyle Motocross ( FMX ) rider .
Jens Deimel ( born September 14 , 1972 in Winterberg , North Rhine - Westphalia ) is a former German nordic combined skier who competed from 1992 to 2002 .
Gad Horowitz ( born 1936 in Jerusalem ) is a Canadian political scientist .
Born as Eugenia Gauntier Liggett in Kansas City , Missouri , to James Wesley Liggett and Ada J. Gauntier , she made her way to New York City where she began her career in live theater using the stage name `` Gene Gauntier , '' and first appeared in films between acting jobs with stock company tours .
Jean - Etienne Antoine N'Gossan ( born 30 November 1990 in Abidjan ) is an Ivorian footballer who is currently playing for Société Omnisports de l'Armée .
Joanna Trollope was born on 9 December 1943 in her grandfather 's rectory in Minchinhampton , Gloucestershire , England , daughter of Rosemary Hodson and Arthur George Cecil Trollope .
Frank Whitten was born in Te Aroha and grew up in the Waikato Region in the 1940s and 50s .
Theodoric Borgognoni ( 1205 -- 1296/8 ) , also known as Teodorico de'Borgognoni , and Theodoric of Lucca , was an Italian who became one of the most significant surgeons of the medieval period .
Philipp Johann Ferdinand Schur ( February 18 , 1799 -- May 27 , 1878 ) was a German - Austrian pharmacist and botanist born in Königsberg .
Chester Holmes Aldrich ( Providence , Rhode Island , 4 June 1871 -- Rome , 26 December 1940 ) was an American architect and director of the American Academy in Rome from 1935 until his death in 1940 .
Ciro Henrique Alves Ferreira e Silva ( born April 18 , 1989 in Salgueiro ) , or simply Ciro , is a Brazilian football striker , who plays for Clube do Remo .
Trinh T. Minh - ha ( * 1952 , Hanoi ) is a Vietnamese filmmaker , writer , literary theorist , composer and professor .
Emma Pieczynska - Reichenbach ( 19 April 1854 -- 10 February 1927 ) was a Swiss abolitionist and feminist born in Paris , France .
Paulino Reale Chirina was born in Canicattini Bagni and was ordained a priest on December 5 , 1948 .
Christopher Lynn Moore ( born January 11 , 1993 ) , known by his stage name Lil Twist , is a rapper from Oak Cliff , Dallas , Texas .
The Blessed Agostino Novello ( 1240 -- 19 May 1309 ) , also known as Augustine of Tarano , originally Matteo Di Termini , was an Italian religious figure .
Aron Tager ( born June 15 , 1934 in Brooklyn , New York ) is an American actor and artist .
Dan Fogelman grew up in what he has called an `` endearingly dysfunctional '' Jewish family in River Vale , New Jersey .
Salvatore Amirante ( born 24 June 1984 in Genoa ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a striker for Padova .
Lesley Lebkowicz is a Canberra based writer of poetry and prose .
Claude Ballot - Léna ( August 4 , 1936 -- November 9 , 1999 ) was a French race driver born in Paris .
Štěpán Tesařík ( born July 6 , 1978 in Prague ) is a Czech athlete who specializes in the 400 metres hurdles .
Roberto Caracciolo of Lecce ( c.1425 - 6 May 1495 ) was a Franciscan friar , one of the most famous Italian preachers of his time .
Cheno Lyfe was born on November 3 , 1980 as Rameses Echevarria in Brooklyn , New York , who moved to Miami , Florida as a youngster .
Enissa Amani ( born 1980s in Iran ) is a German comedian and moderator .
A native of Dorohoi shtetl , in the historical region of Moldavia , Ion Călugăru spent his early years in relative cultural isolation among the local Jewish community .
Guido Cappellini ( born 7 September 1959 in Mariano Comense ) is an Italian motorboat racer and the most successful driver of all time in the F1 Powerboat World Championship , with ten world titles .
Elliot M. Bour ( born March 20 , 1969 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) is an American director , animator and occasional actor working in film , television and commercials .
During the Civil War in Afghanistan , Mullah Ezat ( Mullah Izzat , Ezatullah ) was a commander from Paghman , Afghanistan , for the forces of Ittihad - i Islami and Abdul Rasul Sayyaf and Jamiat - e Islami .
Evanildo Borges Barbosa Júnior , known as Juninho ( born January 11 , 1990 in Salvador , Bahia ) , is a left back who plays for Série A club Figueirense .
Viktoria Milvidskaia Belinsky ( born Milvidskaia , 20 April 1967 in Moscow , USSR ) is a Russian former professional tennis player .
Emory Richard Johnson ( 22 March 1864 in Waupun , Wisconsin -- 1950 ) was a United States economist who specialized in transportation issues .
Debbie Macomber ( born October 22 , 1948 in Yakima , Washington ) is an American author of romance novels and contemporary women 's fiction .
Justin Currie was born in Glasgow , and established the band Del Amitri while still at school in the early 1980s , after putting up a sign in a music shop asking for other people who could play instruments to get in contact with him .
Nechama Leibowitz was born to an Orthodox Jewish family in Riga two years after her elder brother , the philosopher Yeshayahu Leibowitz .
Aoibhinn Ní Shúilleabháin was born in 1983 to parents Art and Máire , and is a native of Carnacon near Ballyglass , County Mayo .
Sir Henry Campbell - Bannerman was born on 7 September 1836 at Kelvinside House in Glasgow as Henry Campbell , the second son and youngest of the six children born to Sir James Campbell of Stracathro ( 1790 - -1876 ) and his wife Janet Bannerman ( 1799 - -1873 ) .
Charles Ferguson Smith was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , the son of Samuel Blair Smith , an army surgeon and a grandson of the celebrated Presbyterian minister Rev. John Blair Smith .
Gordy Gurson ( born May 2 , 1992 , in Park Ridge , Illinois ) is an American professional soccer player who currently plays for the Cedar Rapids Rampage of the Major Arena Soccer League .
Jean - Louis de Boubers , born in Lille , was the son of Henri - Louis de Boubers de Corbeville , Captain in the Maillé Infantry Regiment and of Marie - Catherine Gavois .
Daniel Fohr , born at Heidelberg in 1801 , first studied science , which he afterwards abandoned for the art of painting .
Stan Kenton was born in Wichita , Kansas , and was raised first in Colorado , then in California .
Jess Glynne was born in Hampstead and raised in Muswell Hill , North London and is of Jewish origin .
Cihan Özkara ( born 14 July 1991 in Hamm ) is a German - Turkish - Azerbaijani footballer who currently plays for 3 .
Charles Cameron Shute was the eldest son of Thomas Deane Shute of Fern Hill , Isle of Wight , and Bramshaw , Hampshire and his wife Charlotte née Cameron , daughter of General Neville Cameron of the East India Company army .
Kimveer Gill was a 25-year - old Indo - Canadian born in Lachine , Quebec , Canada .
Heinrich Christian Funck ( November 22 , 1771 -- April 14 , 1839 ) was a German pharmacist and bryologist born in Wunsiedel , Bavaria .
Leo Scullion is a professional snooker referee from Glasgow , Scotland , who has been officiating on the main tour since 1999 .
Alfred Baldwin Sloane ( 28 August 1872 Baltimore -- 21 February 1925 Red Bank , New Jersey ) was an American composer , considered the most prolific songwriter for Broadway musical comedies at the beginning of the 20th century .
Angelique Gerber ( born 16 April 1983 ) is a South African actress who was born , lives and works in Johannesburg although she stayed in Canada from 2001 to 2002 for the shooting of Disposable Life .
Heinrich Harries ( 9 September 1762 , Flensburg -- 28 September 1802 ) was a German Protestant pastor from the Duchy of Schleswig , then under Danish sovereignty .
David Fretwell ( born 18 February 1952 in Normanton ) is an English retired football player who played for Bradford City , Wigan Athletic and Northwich Victoria .
Gil Shaham ( Hebrew : גיל שחם ) was born in Urbana , Illinois , while his parents , Israeli scientists , were on an academic fellowship at the University of Illinois .
Chris McKinney was born in Honolulu and grew up in nearby Kahalu'u .
Pierre - François Percy , was born on October 28 , 1754 in Montagney , ( Franche - Comté , now in Haute - Saône ) .
Cortez Belle ( born 27 August 1983 in Coventry , England ) is an English footballer playing for Port Talbot Town .
Bennett Madison was born in 1981 in Washington , D.C. , and grew up in Silver Spring , Maryland .
Christian Samir Martínez Centeno ( born 8 September 1990 in La Ceiba ) is an Honduran football striker , currently playing for Motagua .
Jevgenij Shuklin ( born 23 November 1985 in Glazov , Russia ) is a Russian - born Lithuanian sprint canoer who has competed since 2003 .
Eliza Lee Cabot Follen ( August 15 , 1787 Boston - January 26 , 1860 Brookline , Massachusetts ) was an author and abolitionist .
Steven Moreira ( born 13 August 1994 in Noisy - le - Grand ) is a French footballer from Cape Verdean descent who plays as a right back for Rennes in the Ligue 1 .
Imad Kotbi ( Arabic : عماد قطبي‎ ) ( born June 8 , 1978 in Casablanca ) is a Moroccan radio presenter and a disk jockey .
Kenza Tazi ( born February 6 , 1996 in Boston , United States ) is a Moroccan alpine skier .
Samuel Warren Abbott ( June 12 , 1837 -- October 22 , 1904 ) was an American surgeon with an interest in hygiene , born in Woburn , Massachusetts .
Kenneth Foster , Jr. ( born October 22 , 1976 ) is a prisoner formerly on death row in Texas , convicted under the law of parties .
Evan Strong was born in San Francisco , California , to Dr. Roger Edward Strong , of Glastonbury , Connecticut , and Lisa Anne Rees Strong , of Pasadena , California .
Phranc began her performing career in the late 1970s and early 1980s punk scene in Los Angeles .
Tan Zheng was born in a little village called Nan Zhu 汉字 in Xiangxiang , Hunan province .
Celso Battaia ( 1 February 1920 -- 5 February 2007 ) was an Italian football who played for Inter Milan , AC Milan and Cremonese .
Born in 1978 in Brighton , East Sussex , southeast England , Katie Price was the only child of Amy ( née Charlier ) and Ray Infield .
Carlos Manuel Oliveiros da Silva ( born 9 March 1959 in São João da Madeira ) , known as Vermelhinho , is a retired Portuguese footballer who played as a left winger .
Born in Sofia , Dimitar Vasev played in his career for Lokomotiv Sofia , Lokomotiv Plovdiv , Chinese Shanghai Shenhua and Chivas El Paso Patriots .
Gerald Jatzek ( born 23 January 1956 in Vienna ) is an Austrian author , composer and musician .
Rolamellah Nouar ( born 27 June 1982 in Miramas ) is a French - born Algerian football player who currently plays for French club Gap Hautes - Alpes FC in the Championnat de France amateur .
Dawna Friesen ( born in Winnipeg , Manitoba ) is a Canadian television journalist , currently the chief anchor and executive editor of Global National .
In the late 18th century Johann Georg Kleine , Wilhelm Busch 's maternal grandfather , settled in the small village of Wiedensahl .
Stefan Hickl ( born 11 April 1988 in Frankfurt am Main ) is a German footballer .
Heinrich Oidtmann started his career as a medical doctor in Linnich , Germany and later established a stained glass workshop .
Thomas Savery ( c. 1650 - -1715 ) was an English inventor and engineer , born at Shilstone , a manor house near Modbury , Devon , England .
Sami Garam ( born 31 October 1967 in Helsinki ) is a Finnish cook and writer of Hungarian descent .
Fabrizio D'Aloia ( Benevento , February 17 , 1964 ) is an Italian engineer , founder of Microgame .
Helgard Müller ( * 1 June 1963 , Bloemfontein ) is a former South African rugby union player .
Marie Fredriksson , who was born in Össjö , was the youngest of five children .
TaJuan Perry , better known as Big Noyd , is an American emcee from the Queensbridge projects in the New York City borough of Queens .
Michael Jecks ( born 1960 , Surrey ) is a writer of historical mystery novels .
Born Richard Bakalyan on January 29 , 1931 in Watertown , Massachusetts , he was the son of Armenian - born William Nishan Bakalyan and Canadian ( from Nova Scotia ) Elsie Florence ( née Fancy ) Bakalyan .
Visvanathan Rudrakumaran ( Tamil : விசுவநாதன் ருத்ரகுமாரன் ) is the Prime Minister of the Provisional Transnational Government of Tamil Eelam , which aims to create a separate Tamil homeland called Tamil Eelam in the island of Sri Lanka .
Jair Picerni ( born October 20 , 1944 in São Paulo ) is a Brazilian football ( soccer ) manager and former footballer .
Paul Frölich was born 7 August 1884 in Leipzig into a German working - class family .
Emanuel Vahl ( Hebrew : עמנואל ואל‎ ; born in 1938 in Odessa , Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian - Israeli composer .
Ilesanmi Adesida ( born 1949 , Ifon , Ondo State , Nigeria ) is a naturalized American physicist of Yoruba Nigerian descent .
William Malcolm ( January 23 , 1745 - -September 1 , 1791 ) was a New York City merchant and officer in the American Revolution .
Pater Sparrow ( born Zoltán Verebes in 1978 , in Budapest ) is a Hungarian filmmaker and production designer .
Dejan Meleg ( Serbian Cyrillic : Дејан Мелег , born 1 October 1994 in Bački Jarak ) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Vojvodina .
Pompeo Landulfo ( after 1567 - -1627 ) was an Italian painter active mainly in Naples .
Vaniel Sirin ( born 20 October 1989 in Delmas , Haiti ) is a Haitian footballer who plays for club Sheikh Jamal Dhanmondi Club in Bangladesh League .
Nyo Mya was born Maung Thein Tin on 10 April 1914 , to parents Tha Zan ( a T.P.S. lawyer ) , and Daw Shwe Ent in Thawtapan village , a member of Amyint village group , Chaung - U Township , on .
Carolinda Witt ( born March 29 , 1955 in Nairobi ) is an author , teacher , and expert on The Five Tibetans , a yoga methodology originally described by Peter Kelder in his book `` The Eye Of Revelation . ''
Antin Nanotaake is an I - Kiribati footballer who plays as a Striker .
Gena Showalter ( born 1975 in Oklahoma ) is an American author in the genres of contemporary romance , paranormal romance , and young adult .
Tommy Hill is a former British motorcycle road racer , born 9 February 1985 in Beckenham , Kent .
Mateo Moreno ( born May 23 , 1978 in Independence , Missouri ) is an American Actor and Filmmaker based out of New York City .
Julius August Christoph Zech ( February 24 , 1821 Stuttgart ( Germany ) − July 13 , 1864 Berg ) was a German astronomer and mathematician .
In 2005 Jasmine Rae left high school and decided to learn more about making music , enrolling at Northern Melbourne Institute of TAFE , where she studied and completed her Advanced Diploma in Music .
Greg Bear was also one of the five co - founders of the San Diego Comic - Con .
Tom Jennings ( born 1955 as Thomas Daniel Jennings in Boston , Massachusetts ) is a Los Angeles - based artist and technician .
Otto Schoetensack ( German : ( ˈʃoːtənzak ) ; July 12 , 1850 in Stendal -- December 23 , 1912 in Ospidaletto ) was a German industrialist and later professor of anthropology , born of financial means .
Alphons Boosten ( 20 January 1893 , Maastricht -- 2 January 1951 ) was a Dutch architect , who mostly practiced in the province of Limburg .
Abie Nathan was born to a Jewish family in Abadan , Persia , on 29 April 1927 and spent his adolescent years in Bombay ( now Mumbai ) , India .
Yağmur Sarıgül ( Turkish pronunciation : ( jaːˈmuɾ saɾɯˈɟyl ) ; born 26 August 1979 ; Antalya ) is a Turkish songwriter and the electric guitarist of the rock band maNga .
Henrik Rummel ( born 26 September 1987 in Copenhagen ) is a Danish born American rower .
Åsa Linderborg was born in the city of Västerås , where she also grew up .
Otto Kahler ( January 8 , 1849 -- January 24 , 1893 ) was an Austrian physician and pathologist born in Prague .
Charles Dinnie ( born 1887 in Arbroath , Angus , Scotland ) was a professional footballer , who played for Dundee & Huddersfield Town .
Hafiz Hakim Syed Atiqul Qadir ( 1909 - -2000 ) was a noted Unani Physician from Tijara and Bhopal .
Salamo Arouch was born in 1923 , in Thessaloniki , Greece , one of two sons in a family that also included three daughters .
Marc Nerlove earned a B.A. with honors in mathematics in 1952 from the University of Chicago .
Jussi Jalas was born as Armas Jussi Veikko Blomstedt in Jyväskylä in 1908 .
Viorica Ursuleac was born the daughter of a Greek Orthodox archdeacon , in Chernivtsi , which is now in Ukraine .
Filippo Buondelmonti degli Scolari ( 1369 -- December 1426 ) , known as Pippo Spano , was an Italian magnate , general , strategist and confidant of King Sigismund of Hungary , born in the Republic of Florence .
Andreas Dittmer ( born 16 April 1972 in Neustrelitz , Mecklenburg - Vorpommern ) is a German sprint canoer .
Arie van Os ( born 1937 in Amsterdam ) is a Dutch businessman and financial director .
Elisa Rigaudo ( born 17 June 1980 ) is an Italian race walker from Cuneo .
Cintio Vitier was born to Medardo and María Cristina Bolaños Vitier on September 25 , 1921 , in Key West , Florida , United States , but had Cuban nationality .
Ursula von Rydingsvard born in Deensen , Lower Saxony , then Nazi Germany , is a sculptor who has been working in Brooklyn , New York for the past 30 years .
Born in Paulista , Pernambuco , Brazil , Rivaldo had a poor upbringing in the favelas of the port town of Recife .
Carl Hancock Rux ( born March 24 , in Harlem , New York City ) is an award winning playwright , poet , novelist , essayist , performer , theater director and recording artist .
Liz Masakayan ( born December 31 , 1964 in Quezon City , Philippines ) is a championship athlete in both outdoor and indoor volleyball .
Sina Schielke ( born 19 May 1981 in Herdecke ) is a former German sprinter , often praised for her looks as well as her sprinting ability .
Born in Chicago , Ralph Martin Goldberg was eight years old when his family moved to Brooklyn , and started using the name Ralph G. Martin at an early age .
Mary Elsie Moore was born October 22 , 1889 in Brooklyn , New York , the youngest child of Charles Arthur Moore , a shipping broker and hardware manufacturer from Connecticut , who went on to become the president of Manning , Maxwell and Moore , a large industrial concern .
Born in Cape Town , Clive Wake studied at Cape Town University and the Sorbonne .
Estíbaliz Uranga ( * 9 December 1952 in Bilbao , Spain ) is a Spanish singer , best known as a member of the folk group Mocedades , as part of the duo Sergio y Estíbaliz and nowadays as a member of the group El Consorcio .
Abdelkrim Merry , nicknamed `` Krimau '' , ( born 13 January 1955 in Casablanca ) is a Moroccan former professional football ( soccer ) player .
Walter Serner was born Walter Eduard Seligmann in Carlsbad ( Karlovy Vary ) , Bohemia ( then Austria - Hungary , now Czech Republic ) .
Piotr Osiecki ( born 22 December 1961 , in Sochaczew ) is Polish politician and retired rugby player .
Manuel Teixeira Gomes was born in Vila Nova de Portimão , son of José Líbano Gomes ( from Mortágua ) , and wife Maria da Glória Teixeira , born in Lagoa , Ferragudo .
Ed Dixon ( born September 2 , 1948 in Oklahoma ) is an American character actor , playwright and composer .
Joan Didion was born and raised in Sacramento , California , to parents Frank Reese and Eduene ( née Jerrett ) Didion .
Shay Keogh ( born 6 September 1934 in Dublin ) is a former Irish football player who played as a centre half .
Jean - Baptiste Donnet , was born on 28 September 1923 in Pontgibaud ( Puy - de - Dôme ) and died on 30 November 2014 in Sentheim ( Haut - Rhin ) .
Rudolf Kippenhahn ( born 24 May 1926 , in Pernink , Czechoslovakia ) is a German astrophysicist and science author .
He was born at Plymouth , the fourth of fourteen children born to Samuel Prout Senior , a naval outfitter in the dockyard city , and Mary Cater .
Brad Templeton ( born near Toronto on April 20 , 1960 ) is a software architect , civil rights advocate , and entrepreneur .
Régis Simon ( born 19 March 1958 , in Troyes ) is a French former professional road bicycle racer .
Tchello ( born Eduardo Simão Lopes ; January 2 , 1975 in Belo Horizonte , Minas Gerais ) is the former bassist and co - founding member of the Brazilian rock band Detonautas Roque Clube .
Bernardino I da Polenta ( died November 14 , 1359 ) was lord of Ravenna and Cervia from 1346 until his death .
Arístides Chavier Arévalo ( 1867 - -1942 ) was a Puerto Rican pianist , modernism composer , musicologist and music author from Ponce , Puerto Rico .
Lynn Schusterman was born to a secular , German - Jewish family on January 21 , 1939 at Menorah Hospital in Kansas City , Missouri .
J Boog ( born Jerry Afemata , Long Beach , California ) is an American reggae and R&B vocalist and songwriter .
Francesco del Cossa ( c. 1430 -- c. 1477 ) was an Italian Renaissance painter of the School of Ferrara .
On February 4 , 2012 a Paul Baloff Memorial Reunion Concert was held at the Oakland Metro Opera House .
Tommi Pikkarainen ( born 6 December 1969 , in Kokkola ) is a Finnish football manager and former player , currently managing VPS in Finnish Veikkausliiga .
Son of Greek Army general and political figure Neokosmos Grigoriadis , Solon Grigoriadis was born in Kastoria in February 1912 .
André Vos attended Selborne College in East London , South Africa and the University of Port Elizabeth .
Haris Čizmić ( born in Sarajevo ) is a Bosnian American artist , musician , video producer and graphic , industrial and web designer .
Edina Altara ( 1898 - -1983 ) was an Italian illustrator , decorator and fashion designer from Sassari .
Junior Dala ( born 29 December 1989 in Lusaka , Zambia ) is a South African cricketer who plays for The Unlimited Titans in South African domestic cricket .
Richard Davenport - Hines ( born 21 June 1953 in London ) is a British historian and literary biographer , best known for his biography of the poet W. H. Auden .
Dušan Kožíšek ( pronounced ( ˈduʃan ˈkoʒiːʃɛk ) ; born April 25 , 1983 in Jilemnice ) is a Czech cross country skier who has been competing since 2002 .
Philip Martin Brown ( born 9 July 1956 ) is an English actor , born in Manchester , Lancashire .
Gabriele Günz , née Niebling ( born 8 September 1961 in Eisenach ) is a retired East German high jumper .
Fedor Ozep or Fyodor Otsep ( Russian : Фёдор Александрович Оцеп , Fyodor Aleksandrovich Otsep ; February 9 , 1895 -- June 20 , 1949 ) was a Russian - American film director and screenwriter , born in Moscow .
Ty Barnett was born , raised and attended high school on the south side of Chicago .
August Kluckhohn ( 6 July 1832 -- 19 May 1893 ) was a German historian , born at Bavenhausen in Lippe .
Francisco de Borja Garção Stockler , 1st Baron of Vila da Praia , ( 25 September 1759 , in Lisbon -- 6 March 1829 ) was a lieutenant general and the 8th Captain General of the Azores , politician , and mathematician .
Leila Meflah ( born 9 June 1982 Clamart ( Hauts - de - Seine ) ) is an Algerian international footballer .
Christophe Le Mével ( born 11 September 1980 in Lannion ) is a French former road racing cyclist who rides for UCI Professional Continental Team Cofidis .
Snowy Evans was working in Hughenden , Queensland as a shearer , when he joined the Australian Imperial Force on 5 November 1914 .
Olaf Thon ( born 1 May 1966 in Gelsenkirchen ) is a German retired footballer , and a current coach .
Tom Munnelly was born in Rathmines in Dublin , and went to Clogher Road Technical College .
Kazuyuki Sogabe ( 曽我部 和恭 ( formerly 曽我部 和行 ) Sogabe Kazuyuki , April 16 , 1948 -- September 17 , 2006 ) was a Japanese voice actor , actor and musician from Chiba Prefecture .
Giovanni Gaddoni ( born September 20 , 1914 in Russi , Province of Ravenna ) was an Italian professional football player .
Patricia J. Lancaster served as Commissioner of the New York City Department of Buildings from April 2002 to April 2008 .
Thomas Francis Meagher was born in what is now The Granville Hotel on the Quay in Waterford City , Ireland and from the age of two lived at Number 19 , The Mall ( a short distance from his birthplace ) .
Born in São Vicente , São Paulo State , Robinho signed his first professional contract with Santos FC in 2002 at the age of 18 .
Born in Valencia , Carabobo , he performed professionally under the name Renny Ottolina .
Sabine Günther ( née Rieger ; born 6 November 1963 in Jena ) is a retired East German sprinter who competed mainly in the 200 metres .
Misako Odani ( 小谷美紗子 ) , born November 4 , 1976 , in Miyazu , Kyoto - fu , is a Japanese singer , songwriter , and pianist .
David Odikadze ( born 14 April 1981 in Tbilisi ) is a Georgian football player who currently plays as a Right Defender for Chikhura Sachkhere in the Georgian Umaglesi Liga .
Ty Taylor ( born January 5 , 1969 in Montclair , New Jersey ) is an American musician best known for being the lead singer of Los Angeles based Soul / Rock band , Vintage Trouble .
Vladimer Gegeshidze ( Georgian : ვლადიმერ გეგეშიძე ; born February 10 , 1985 in Tbilisi ) is an amateur Georgian Greco - Roman wrestler , who competes in the men 's light heavyweight category .
Sergio Clerici ( born 25 May 1941 in São Paulo ) is a retired Brazilian footballer who played in Italy for Lecco , Bologna , Atalanta , Verona , Fiorentina , Napoli and Lazio .
Wu Yiming ( simplified Chinese : 忤一鸣 ; traditional Chinese : 忤一鳴 ; pinyin : Wǔ Yīmíng ; born February 11 , 1987 in Changchun , Jilin ) is a Chinese pair skater .
Jazsmin Lewis was born in the city of Cleveland , Ohio to a Caucasian mother and a father of African American and East Indian heritage .
Antonina Lazareva ( Russian : Антонина Николаевна Лазарева , née Окорокова , Okorokova ; born March 27 , 1941 in Serpukhov ) is a Soviet high jumper .
Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn Anthropology Centre Mahachakri Sirindhorn and Boromrajkumari Building , Faculty of Arts , Chulalongkorn University , Bangkok .
Cristiano Bacci ( born 6 July 1975 in Viareggio ) is an Italian retired footballer and former manager of Derthona .
Chris Hondros was born in New York City to immigrant Greek and German parents who were child refugees after World War II . He spent most of his childhood in Fayetteville , North Carolina , where he graduated from Terry Sanford High School in 1988 .
Marcin Rozynek ( born May 16 , 1971 in Żywiec ) is a Polish rock vocalist , songs ' author , and music producer .
Marcello Fabbri is a contemporary Italian author and poet born in Florence , Italy , where he lives and writes .
Jean - Baptiste Brulo ( 29 January 1746 , Ghent -- ? ) was a French ballet dancer , choreographer and ballet master , the son of the French dancers Jean - Baptiste Brulo and Marie - Thérèse Tabary .
Jon Gnagy , known to millions as America 's television art teacher , was born at Varner 's Forge , an outpost settlement near Pretty Prairie , Kansas in 1907 .
After the Expedition , Joseph Billings remained with the Imperial Russian Navy , before retiring in 1797 and settling in Moscow .
Walter Lantz died at St. Joseph Medical Center in Burbank , California from heart failure on March 22 , 1994 , aged 94 .
Taddeo Barberini and his brothers were forced into exile and fled to Paris in 1646 where they were supported by Cardinal Jules Mazarin .
B. P. Schulberg died at his home in Key Biscayne , Florida in 1957 .
Gustav Kadelburg ( 26 January 1851 , Pest -- 11 September 1925 , Berlin ) was a Hungarian - German Jewish actor , dramatist , writer .
Frank Kirchbach ( June 2 , 1859 ( London ) - March 19 1912 ( Schliersee ) ) , was a German historical- , portrait- , genre- and landscape - painter ; who also operated as a graphic designer and illustrator .
Roberto Escalada born Aldo Roberto Leggero ( 4 July 1914 -- 5 December 1986 in Buenos Aires ) was a major Argentine film actor and cinema icon of the classic era .
Timo Bortolotti ( Darfo ( Brescia ) , 1889 -- Milan , 1951 ) was an Italian sculptor .
Tommaso Mocenigo ( 1343 - -1423 ) was doge of Venice from 1414 until his death .
Dominic Cortina ( January 28 , 1925 -- November 19 , 1999 ) was a Chicago mobster and high - ranking member of the Chicago Outfit criminal organization , who oversaw gambling .
Domenico Tibaldi ( 1541 - 1583 ) was an Italian painter and architect , active mainly in Bologna , in a Renaissance style .
Hans Haga hailed from Nannestad , but settled in Nes .
Peter Madsen Peel ( 1820 - -1900 ) was a founder , first blacksmith , and civic leader of Mount Pleasant , Utah .
Abraham Zapruder ( May 15 , 1905 -- August 30 , 1970 ) was an American clothing manufacturer who witnessed the assassination of President John F. Kennedy in Dallas , Texas on November 22 , 1963 .
Karel Havlíček ( October 31 , 1907 in Berlin -- December 25 , 1988 in Kadaň ) was a Czech painter .
Ivan Sarić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Иван Сарић ; Hungarian : Szárits János ; 27 June 1876 -- 23 August 1966 ) was a Hungarian and Yugoslav sportsman , athlete , and wrestler , and co - founder of ŽAK Subotica .
Amos Abbott ( September 10 , 1786 , Andover , Massachusetts -- November 2 , 1868 , Andover , Massachusetts ) was a United States Congressman from Massachusetts .
Elfriede Brüning was born in Berlin , the daughter of a cabinetmaker and a seamstress who were involved in the workers ' movement .
Charles Alexander Stevenson ( 1855 , Edinburgh -- 1950 ) was a Scottish lighthouse engineer who built twenty three lighthouses in and around Scotland .
Werner Fuchs ( 25 October 1948 , in Kaiserslautern -- 11 May 1999 , in Aachen ) was a German football player and trainer .
Nabor Carrillo Flores ( 1911 in Mexico City - 1967 ) is the third son of Mexican composer Julián Carrillo Trujillo .
Penelope Wallace ( 30 May 1923 -- 13 January 1997 , Oxford ) was an English crime writer and the daughter of Edgar Wallace .
William Thayer Tutt ( March 2 , 1912 in Coronado , California -- February 24 , 1989 at El Paso ) was an executive for several ice hockey leagues and organizations .
Heinrich Schnitger ( 10 May 1925 in Lemgo - 27 August 1964 in Upper Bavaria ) was a German physician .
Nils Fredrik Gösta Hillberg , ( 28 July 1877 in Finland -- 30 March 1958 in Stockholm ) was a Swedish actor .
The Premio Lydia Tesio race at the Capannelle Racecourse in Rome is named for his wife and the Premio Federico Tesio for him at San Siro Racecourse in Milan and also the registered Group 3 Australian race Tesio Stakes in Melbourne .
George Laidlaw retired to his estate at St. Mary 's on Balsam Lake in 1881 , one station from the northern terminus of the Toronto and Nipissing Railway at Coboconk .
Lovrenc Košir , also Laurenz Koschier ( 29 July 1804 in Spodnja Luša , Carniola , Austria - Hungary ( now Slovenia ) -- 7 August 1879 in Vienna ) was an Austrian civil servant who worked in Ljubljana .
After Epaticcus died about 35 A.D. , the Atrebates , under Verica , regained some of their territory , but it appears Caratacus completed the conquest , as Dio tells us Verica was ousted , fled to Rome and appealed to the emperor Claudius for help .
Carl - Alexander von Volborth ( February 21 , 1919 , Berlin - February 25 , 2009 , Antwerp ) was a German - born American heraldic artist and heraldist .
Jean Guillaume Barthélemy Thomières ( 18 August 1771 -- 22 July 1812 ) was killed in action at Salamanca while commanding an Imperial French infantry division .
Giottino ( fl . 1324 -- 1369 ) , also known as Tommaso Fiorentino , was an early Italian painter from Florence .
Johann or Johannes Bach ( 26 November 1604 , Erfurt -- buried 13 May 1673 , Erfurt ) was a German composer and musician of the Baroque .
Gyula Jungfer ( 9 January 1841 in Pest -- 21 November 1908 in Budapest ) was a Hungarian artist working with wrought iron .
Ho Meng Hua , also He Meng Hua and Hoh Mung Wa ( Chinese : 何夢華 ) ( 1 January 1923 - 19 May 2009 ) was a Chinese film director from Shanghai , working in the Cinema of Hong Kong and the Cinema of Taiwan .
Jerome Liebling ( April 16 , 1924 Manhattan , New York -- July 27 , 2011 Northampton , Massachusetts ) was an American photographer , filmmaker , and teacher .
Hendrik van Borssum Buisman ( 1873 , Wieringen -- 1951 , Haarlem ) , was a 20th - century painter from the Northern Netherlands who became the keeper of the art cabinet at Teylers Museum in 1913 .
Mary Dyer , born Marie Barrett ( c. 1611 -- 1 June 1660 ) , was an English and colonial American Puritan turned Quaker who was hanged in Boston , Massachusetts Bay Colony , for repeatedly defying a Puritan law banning Quakers from the colony .
Antonio Cardarelli trained at the Collegio Medico di San Aniello of the University of Naples , graduating with a doctorate in 1853 .
François Joseph Eugène Napoléon de Noailles ( born 25 December 1866 Paris - 8 May 1900 Paris ) 10th prince de Poix , was a French nobleman .
Charles Marie Raymond d'Arenberg ( Enghien , 1 April 1721 -- Enghien , 17 August 1778 ) was the fifth Duke of Arenberg , 11th Duke of Aarschot and an Austrian Field Marshal .
She made her name by playing around the United States at the Blue Angel nightclub ( New York City ) , the hungry i ( San Francisco ) , and Tin Angel ( San Francisco ) , where she and Larry Mohr recorded Odetta and Larry in 1954 , for Fantasy Records .
Philippe - Auguste Hennequin ( Lyon , 10 August 1762 -- Leuze - en - Hainaut , near Tournai , 12 May 1833 ) was a French history painter and portraitist .
Cecilia Lavelli ( 2 June 1906 in Turin -- 14 July 1998 in Turin ) was an Italian painter and an art model .
Nikita Gennadievich Tyagunov ( Ники́та Генна́дьевич Тягуно́в , born 7 February 1953 in Moscow , died 20 July 1992 in Moscow ) was a Soviet Russian film and theatrical director , whose film Noga ( 1991 ) won numerous awards , including FIPRESCI Award .
Gregory Palamas ( Γρηγόριος Παλαμάς ) ( 1296 - -1359 ) was a monk of Mount Athos in Greece and later the Archbishop of Thessaloniki known as a preeminent theologian of Hesychasm .
Arthur Cusack ( born 1919 , Maryborough , Queensland ; died 2000 , Brisbane ) was an Australian Olympic swimming coach in the 1950s and 1960s .
Bernard Koenen ( born Hamburg 17 February 1889 : died Berlin 30 April 1964 ) was a German politician .
Eduardo Frei Montalva was born in Santiago on January 16 , 1911 , the son of Eduard Frei Schlinz , a Swiss - born ethnic German from Austria , and Victoria Montalva Martínez .
Christian Ide Hintze ( December 26 , 1953 , Vienna - February 2012 ) ) was an Austrian poet and performance artist , who focused on the transition from literary to cross - media forms .
Karl Dilthey ( 18 March 1839 , Biebrich -- 4 March 1907 , Göttingen ) was a German classical scholar and archaeologist .
Lino Grava ( born March 5 , 1927 in Vittorio Veneto ; died January 18 , 2010 in Città Sant'Angelo ) was an Italian professional football player .
Charles - Alexis - Adrien Duhérissier de Gerville ( Gerville - la - Forêt ( Manche ) 19 September 1769 -- Valognes ( Manche ) 26 July 1853 ) was a scholarly French antiquarian , historian , naturalist and archaeologist from an aristocratic family of Normandy .
Wacław Borowski ( born in 1885 in Łódź , died in 1954 in Łódź ) was a Polish painter and decorative artist .
Phil Urso ( 2 October 1925 , Jersey City , New Jersey -- 7 April 2008 , Denver , Colorado ) was an American jazz tenor saxophonist and composer , perhaps best known for a long association with Chet Baker .
Nazario Carlo Bellandi ( Rome , February 24 , 1919 -- Rome , April 20 , 2010 ) was an Italian music composer , organist , pianist , harpsichordist .
Ilario Spolverini ( 1657 in Parma -- 1734 in Piacenza ) , known as Spolverini , was an Italian painter .
Later records of Arachidamia date three decades later , with her assisting in the revolutionary designs of her grandson Agis IV , as he attempted to restore Lycurgan institutions to a Sparta then thoroughly corrupted by wealth and greed .
Miron Białoszewski ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈmirɔn bjawɔˈʂɛfskʲi ) ; June 30 , 1922 -- June 17 , 1983 ) , born in Warsaw , Poland , was a Polish poet , novelist , playwright and actor .
Fray Nicolás de Ovando y Cáceres ( Brozas , Extremadura , 1460 -- Madrid , 29 May 1511 ) was a Spanish soldier from a noble family and a Knight of the Order of Alcántara .
Rihards Zariņš ( also Richards Zarriņš or Richard Sarrinsch in German ; June 27 , 1869 in Kocēni -- April 21 , 1939 in Riga ) was a prominent Latvian graphic artist .
Jules Haime ( 28 March 1824 , Tours -- 28 September 1856 , Paris ) was a French geologist , paleontologist and zoologist known for his research of coral .
Bruno Kessler ( 17 February 1924 , Peio - 19 March 1991 , Trento ) was an Italian politician , President of the Autonomous Province of Trento from 1960 to 1973 .
Berek Lajcher ( October 24 , 1893 -- August 2 , 1943 ) was a Jewish physician and social activist from Wyszków before the Holocaust in Poland , remembered for his leadership in the prisoner uprising at Treblinka extermination camp .
Carl Dahlén ( 1770 -- December 1 , 1851 ) was a Swedish ballet dancer and choreographer , active first at the Royal Swedish Ballet at the Royal Swedish Opera in Stockholm , and second at the Royal Danish Ballet in Copenhagen at the Royal Danish Theatre in Denmark .
Louis - Léon Cugnot ( Paris 1835 - -1894 ) was a French sculptor .
Rolf Wickstrøm ( 9 December 1912 in Oslo , Norway -- 10 September 1941 ) was a Norwegian labour activist and a victim of the German occupation of Norway during World War II . Wickstrøm grew up in a working - class family .
Vasily Seseman ( several other latinizations of his name exist , Lithuanian : Vosylius Sezemanas , Russian : Василий Эмильевич Сеземан ) ( June 11 , 1884 , Vyborg -- March 23 , 1963 , Vilnius ) was a Russian and Lithuanian philosopher , a representative of Marburg school of Neo - Kantianism .
Tzazo had not been involved in the earlier Battle of Ad Decimum because Godas , instigated by the Byzantine Emperor Justinian the Great , had declared the Vandal province on the island of Sardinia independent from Carthage .
Francisco de Paula del Villar y Lozano , ( Murcia , 1828 - -Barcelona , 1901 ) was a Spanish architect .
Sonya Olschanezky or Sonia Olschanesky ( 25 December 1923 , Chemnitz , Saxony , Germany -- 6 July 1944 , Natzweiler - Struthof , Germany ) was a member of the French Resistance and SOE during World War II .
Rinaldo Cavalchini ( 1291 - -1362 ) lived in Villafranca di Verona near Verona and was better known as Rinaldo from Villafranca .
John Vertin ( first name also Ivan or Janez ) was a Slovene - American who became the third Bishop of Saulte Saint Marie and Marquette , Michigan , now simply the Diocese of Marquette .
Eugène Lavieille ( November 29 , 1820 , Paris -- January 8 , 1889 , Paris ) was a French painter .
Maximilien de Hénin - Liétard , Count of Boussu ( 1542 -- Antwerp , 21 December 1578 ) was a soldier and statesman from the Habsburg Netherlands .
Jackson died in Guildford in 1991 of cancer and the following year the Daphne Jackson Trust was launched to advance Jackson 's idea of helping qualified women return to work .
Marie Say was born on August 25 , 1857 in Verrières - le - Buisson near Paris .
Juddha Shumsher Jang Bahadur Rana ( Nepali : जुद्धसम्शेर राणा ) ( Narayanhity Palace , Kathmandu , 19 April 1875 -- Dehradun , India , 20 November 1952 ) was the Prime Minister of Nepal from 1 September 1932 to 29 November 1945 as the head of the Rana Dynasty .
Christian Sibelius ( 28 March 1869 in Hämeenlinna -- 2 July 1922 in Helsinki ) was a Finnish doctor and professor of psychiatry .
Gašo Knežević ( 15 September 1953 -- 14 March 2014 ) was a Serbian law scholar , a professor at the University of Belgrade 's Law School , and was the best known for serving as Serbia 's Education Minister .
Marie - Louise - Taos Amrouche ( 4 March 1913 in Tunis , Tunisia -- 2 April 1976 in Saint - Michel - l'Observatoire , France ) was an Algerian writer and singer .
Bishop John Joseph Nevins ( January 19 , 1932 -- August 26 , 2014 ) served as an Auxiliary Bishop of the Archdiocese of Miami ( 1979 - -1984 ) and the first Bishop of the Diocese of Venice , Florida ( 1984 - -2007 ) .
Betty O'Rourke , née Elizabeth Margaret Stevens ( born 1930 in Reading , Berkshire , England - died 2006 in Reading , Berkshire , England ) was a British writer of over 10 romance novels from 1987 to 2005 .
Bertha Eckstein - Diener ( March 18 , 1874 , Vienna -- February 20 , 1948 , Geneva ) , also known by her American pseudonym as Helen Diner , was an Austrian writer , travel journalist , feminist historian and intellectual .
Jozef Cíger - Hronský ( original name Jozef Cíger ; born 23 February 1896 in Zvolen , present - day Slovakia , died 13 July 1960 in Luján , Argentina ) was a Slovak writer , teacher , publicist , later secretary and manager of the Matica slovenská .
Joan Maude ( 16 January 1908 , Rickmansworth , Hertfordshire -- 28 September 1998 , Lewes , East Sussex ) was an English actress , active from the 1920s to the 1950s .
Ede Zathureczky ( Spišská Nová Ves , 24 August 1903 -- Bloomington , 31 May 1959 ) was a Hungarian violin virtuoso and pedagogue .
Max Simon died on 1 February 1961 at Lünen .
Michele Mascitti ( 1664 in Villa Santa Maria ( from Chieti ) ; 24 April 1760 in Paris ) was an Italian violinist and Baroque composer .
Tibor Serly ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈtibor ˈʃɛrli ) ; Losonc , Kingdom of Hungary , 25 November 1901 -- London , 8 October 1978 ) was a Hungarian violist , violinist and composer .
Tobias Lear ( 1762 in Portsmouth , New Hampshire -- October 11 , 1816 in Washington , D.C. ) is best known as the personal secretary to President George Washington .
Norbert Troller ( 1900 , in Bruenn , Austria - Hungarian Empire -- 1984 , in New York City , USA ) was a Czech and American architect of Jewish descent .
Friedrich Fischer ( 1849 - -1899 ) from Schweinfurt , Germany , is considered the father of the modern ball bearing , having invented the process for milling standard bearings in 1883 .
Thomas Grosser ( 10 April 1965 -- 12 February 2008 in Unterhaching ) was a German football player .
Wendelin Moosbrugger , or Mosbrugger ( 20 October 1760 in Au , Vorarlberg - 20 August 1849 in Aarau ) was an Austrian portrait painter and miniaturist .
Sauli Rytky ( June 6 , 1918 in Haapavesi , Northern Ostrobothnia -- January 28 , 2006 ) was a Finnish cross - country skier who competed in the 1940s .
Paul Julius Menzel ( 27 April 1864 , Dresden -- 2 April 1927 ) was a German physician and paleobotanist .
Luciano Cordeiro ( Mirandela , 21 July 1844 -- Lisbon , 24 December 1900 ) was a Portuguese writer , historian , politician and geographer .
Otto Griessing ( born 19 January 1897 in Munich -- died 11 November 1958 in Überlingen ) was a German electronics engineer .
Eberhard Taubert ( 11 May 1907 , Kassel -- 2 November 1976 , Cologne ) was a lawyer and anti - Semitic Nazi propagandist .
Lucien Pothier ( Cuy , 15 January 1883 - Troyes , 29 April 1957 ) was a successful early twentieth century French racing cyclist who participated in the 1903 Tour de France and finished second .
Erich Bachem ( * 12 August 1906 in Mülheim an der Ruhr ; † 25 March 1960 ) was a German engineer .
Born to a Coptic Orthodox family in Upper Egypt , she moved to Cairo to pursue her acting career and changed her name to Sanaa Gamil .
Heinz Sokolowski ( 17 Dec 1917 in Frankfurt an der Oder -- 25 Nov 1965 in Berlin ) was a casualty of the Cold War at the Berlin Wall .
Claude Ferdinand Gaillard ( 7 Jan. 1834 - 19 Jan. , 1887 ) was a French engraver and painter , who had been born and died in Paris .
Josef Zwernemann was killed 8 April 1944 near Gardelegen , Altmark after more than 600 combat missions and 126 aerial victories .
Alain de Boissieu ( 5 July 1914 , in Chartres , Eure - et - Loir -- 5 April 2006 , in Clamart ) was a French general , Free French , Compagnon de la Libération , Army chief of staff ( 1971 - -1975 ) and son - in - law of general Charles de Gaulle .
Giorgos Zampetas ( Pronounced ' Zabetas ' , Greek : Γιώργος Ζαμπέτας , sometimes romanized as George Zambetas / George Zabetas / Giorgos Zabetas ; 25 January 1925 in Athens -- 10 March 1992 in Athens ) was a well - known bouzouki musician .
Giovanni Maria Farina ( born 8 December 1685 , Santa Maria Maggiore ; Germanized name : Johann Maria Farina , Francized : Jean Marie Farina ) was an Italian perfumier who created the first Eau de Cologne .
Charles Breijer ( 26 November 1914 , The Hague -- 18 August 2011 , Hilversum ) was a Dutch photographer , known as a `` resistance photographer , '' notable especially for the photographs he took during the last year of the German occupation of The Netherlands during World War II .
Jules Ninine ( born October 8 , 1903 in Pointe - a - Pitre , Guadeloupe and died April 26 , 1969 in Paris ) was a politician from Guadeloupe who served and represented Cameroon in the French National Assembly from 1946 - 1958 .
David Mortier Eduard Fraenkel ( 17 March 1888 , Berlin -- 5 February 1970 , Oxford ) was a German - English philologist .
Louis - Pierre Deseine ( 1749 - -1822 ) was a French sculptor , who was born and died in Paris .
Jiří Karásek ze Lvovic ( English : Jiří Karásek from Lvovice ; January 24 , 1871 , Prague -- March 5 , 1951 , Prague ) was a Czech poet , writer and literary critic .
Fray Servando Teresa de Mier ( in full , José Servando Teresa de Mier Noriega y Guerra ) ( October 18 , 1765 in Monterrey , Nuevo León , New Spain -- December 3 , 1827 in Mexico City ) was a Roman Catholic priest , preacher , and politician in New Spain .
Enric Clarasó i Daudí ( 14 September 1857 , Sant Feliu del Racó ( now a suburb of Barcelona ) - 1941 , Barcelona ) was a modernist Catalonian sculptor .
Amadeus Webersinke ( 1 November 1920 in Jägersdorf , Broumov , Czechoslovakia -- 15 May 2005 in Dresden ) was a German pianist and organist .
Bernardo Jaramillo Ossa ( born in 1956 in Manizales , Caldas , died in Bogotá , Cundinamarca on March 22 , 1990 ) was a Colombian politician and member of the Colombian Communist Party .
Alberto Orrego Luco ( 20 April 1854 , Valparaíso - 2 June 1931 , Santiago ) was a Chilean Impressionist landscape painter and diplomat .
Henrik Kalteisen , O.P. , S.T.D. , the Danish and Norwegian name of Heinrich Kalteisen ( probably around 1390 , Koblenz , Electorate of Trier -- 2 October 1464 , same place ) , was a German theologian and , from 1452 to 1458 , the 24th Archbishop of Nidaros in Norway .
Mir Ghaus Bakhsh Bizenjo ( Urdu / Baloch : میرغوث بخش بزنجو ) was a prominent Baloch politician of Balochistan , Pakistan .
David Pegg ( 20 September 1935 -- 6 February 1958 ) was an English footballer and one of the eight Manchester United players who lost their lives in the Munich air disaster on 6 February 1958 .
This sentence was later reduced to ten years due to Scarpa 's poor health On June 4 , 1994 , Gregory Scarpa Sr . died in the Federal Medical Center ( FMC ) for prisoners in Rochester , Minnesota from AIDS - related complications .
Stanisław Młodożeniec ( born 31 January 1895 in Dobrocice - died 21 January 1959 in Warsaw ) was a poet , and a founder of Polish futurism .
Irene Higginbotham , born June 11 , 1918 , Worcester , Massachusetts , died August 27 , 1988 , New York City , was an African American songwriter and concert pianist .
Thomas Benjamin Frederick Davis ( 25 April 1867 , in Havre des Pas , Saint Helier , Jersey -- October 1942 , in Durban , South Africa ) was a wealthy businessman , yachtsman and philanthropist .
Antalcidas ( Greek : Ἀνταλκίδας , Antalkídas ; died c. 367 BC ) , son of Leon , was an ancient Greek soldier , politician , and diplomat from Sparta .
John Isaac Briquet ( 13 March 1870 in Geneva -- 26 October 1931 in Geneva ) was a Swiss botanist , director of the Conservatoire Botanique at Geneva .
The Right Reverend William Croswell Doane ( March 2 , 1832 in Boston -- May 17 , 1913 in New York City ) was the 1st Bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Albany in the United States .
Moritz Jursitzky ( born 1861 , in Engelsberg ( Andělská Hora ) , Austrian Silesia - 1936 , in Vienna ) was an Austrian / Silesian writer .
Ryk Tulbagh ( 14 May 1699 , Utrecht -- 11 August 1771 , Cape Town ) was Governor of the Dutch Cape Colony from 27 February 1751 to 11 August 1771 under the Dutch East India Company ( VOC ) .
Adolf Josef Storfer ( 11 January 1888 , Botoşani , Romania -- 2 December 1944 , Melbourne , Australia ) was an educated Austrian lawyer turned journalist and publisher .
The official version of the communist government was that Władysław Łukasiuk `` Młot '' died during a short vacation from fighting in the village of Czaje - Wólka in June 1947 .
Degory Wheare , also spelt Digory Whear ( the first name can be Latinized as Degoreus or Digoreus ) ( 1573 - - died in 1647 ) was an historian , the first Camden Professor of Ancient History in the University of Oxford .
Riccardo Nowak ( 16 January 1885 in Bergamo -- 18 February 1950 in Bergamo ) was an Italian fencer who took part in the 1908 Olympic Games in London .
Heinz Graffunder ( born and died in Berlin : 23 December 1926 - 9 December 1994 ) was a German architect .
Mustafa Edige Kirimal ( * 1911 Bakhchysarai -- † 1980 Munich ) was a Crimean - born politician .
Jean Dubois the Elder , born at Fontainebleau in 1604 , a landscape painter and painter to the king , succeeded in 1635 to the office of keeper of the pictures at Fontainebleau before held by his uncle , Claude de Hoey .
Benjamin Waterhouse Hawkins ( 8 February 1807 -- 27 January 1894 ) was an English sculptor and natural history artist renowned for his work on the life - size models of dinosaurs in the Crystal Palace Park in south London .
William Freshman ( 1902 in Sydney , Australia -- 1980 in London , England ) was an Australian - born actor , scriptwriter and director .
Josep Tarradellas i Joan , 1st Marquess of Tarradellas ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ʒuˈzɛp tərəˈðeʎəs ) ; Cervelló , Baix Llobregat 1899 -- Barcelona 1988 ) was a Spanish politician .
Charles Spindler ( March 11 , 1865 , Bœrsch - March 3 , 1938 , Bœrsch ) was an Alsatian painter , marquetry inlayer , writer and photographer .
Edward Michelis ( born in Münster , St. Mauritz , 6 February 1813 ; died in Luxembourg , 8 June 1855 ) was a German Roman Catholic theologian .
Alfred Percival Bullen ( 1896 - 02 - 08 in Kiama , New South Wales -- 1974 - 08 - 11 at Penrith , New South Wales ) was , along with his brothers , the circus founder of Bullen 's Circus .
Gregorio Luperón was born 8 September 1839 in Puerto Plata to Pedro Castellanos and Nicolasa Luperón .
Doc Scurlock died at age 80 from a heart attack in Eastland , Texas .
Julio Grondona 's career in football began in 1956 , when he and his brother Héctor founded Arsenal Fútbol Club , inspired by the homonymous English side , in Sarandí , Avellaneda , Buenos Aires .
Camille Biot ( 19 December 1850 , Chatenoy - le - Royal - 1918 , Mâcon ) was a French physician who is remembered for describing Biot 's respiration .
Elijah McCoy died in the Eloise Infirmary in Nankin Township , now Westland , Michigan , on October 10 , 1929 , at the age of 86 , after suffering injuries from a car accident seven years earlier in which his wife Mary had died .
Karl Süssheim ( 21 January 1878 , Nuremberg - 13 January 1947 , Istanbul , Turkey ) , was a German historian and Orientalist of Jewish descent .
Hans Moritz von Brühl ( 20 December 1736 -- 9 June 1809 ) was a German diplomat and astronomer , resident for much of his life in London , where he was known as John Maurice , Count of Brühl .
Bernard de Hoog ( born November 19 , 1867 in Amsterdam , died in The Hague , 1943 ) was a Dutch painter influenced by the Hague School .
Julius Reichelt ( 1637 - -1717 ) was a German mathematician and astronomer who may have set up the first observatory in the city of Strasbourg .
Lothar Sieber ( 7 April 1922 in Dresden , Germany -- 1 March 1945 near Stetten am kalten Markt , Germany ) was a German test pilot who was killed in the first vertical take - off manned rocket flight , in a Bachem Ba 349 `` Natter '' .
Zeger Bernhard van Espen ( Espenius ) ( born at Leuven , 9 July 1646 ; died at Amersfoort , Netherlands , 2 October 1728 ) was a Belgian canonist .
Abel Santamaría Cuadrado ( 20 October 1927 in Encrucijada , Las Villas , Cuba - 26 July 1953 in Santiago de Cuba ) was an important leader in the Cuban Revolutionary movement .
Libertas Schulze - Boysen and her husband were executed on December 22 , 1942 , at Plötzensee Prison in Berlin .
Mateo Cerezo ( 19 April 1637 in Burgos -- 29 June 1666 in Madrid ) was a Baroque Spanish painter .
Ljubomir Kaljević ( 1841 , Užice -- March 20 1907 , Belgrade ) was Serbian politician , academic and Prime Minister of Serbia .
Ernst - Jürgen Dreyer ( 20 August 1934 , Oschatz -- 3 December 2011 , Neuss ) was a German writer , translator , playwright and musicologist .
Johann Daniel Major ( 16 August 1634 , Breslau -- 26 July 1693 , Stockholm ) was a German professor of theoretical medicine , naturalist , collector and the founder of museology .
Harlan Leonard ( July 2 , 1905 -- November 10 , 1983 ) was an American jazz bandleader and clarinetist from Kansas City , Missouri .
Francis Tattegrain ( 11 October 1852 , Péronne - 1 January 1915 , Arras ) was a French Naturalist painter .
Nereo Rocco ( 20 May 1912 , Trieste -- 20 February 1979 , Trieste ) was an Italian association football player and manager .
Johann Friedrich Thyssen ( 1 October 1804 in Aachen -- 25 May 1877 in Eschweiler ) was a German banker and patriarch of the Thyssen family dynasty .
Genrikh Kasparyan ( Armenian : Հենրիկ Գասպարյան ; 27 February 1910 in Tbilisi -- 27 December 1995 in Yerevan ) is considered to have been one of the greatest composers of chess endgame studies .
Robert Eneas Lamberton ( September 14 , 1886 -- August 22 , 1941 ) was a Republican politician who served as the 114th mayor of Philadelphia from 1940 to 1941 .
He created the John Gutmann Photography Fellowship Award , through the San Francisco Foundation .
Olga Drahonowska - Małkowska ( January 9 , 1888 , Krzeszowice , Poland -- January 15 , 1979 , Zakopane , Poland ) , with her husband , founded scouting in Poland .
Julius Shulman ( October 10 , 1910 -- July 15 , 2009 ) was an American architectural photographer best known for his photograph `` Case Study House # 22 , Los Angeles , 1960 .
Henry Taube died in his home in Palo Alto , California on November 16 , 2005 , at the age of 89 .
Leonardo Montaldo or di Montaldo ( 1319 -- 14 June 1384 ) , politician and statesman who became the 7th doge of the Republic of Genoa .
Forrest Crissey ( Born June 1 , 1864 , Stockton , New York , Died 1943 , Geneva , Illinois ) , was a prolific early twentieth - century American writer of books and articles .
Georg Hornstein ( 8 December 1900 in Berlin - 3 September 1942 at the Buchenwald concentration camp ) was a German - Jewish Resistance fighter during the period of National Socialism ( nazism ) .
Johann Andreas Schmeller ( 6 August 1785 in Tirschenreuth -- 27 September 1852 in Munich ) was a German philologist who initially studied the Bavarian dialect .
Klára Jerneková ( b. January 14 , 1945 in Brno -- d. July 31 , 2003 in Prague ) , was a Czech actress .
Lawrence Quincy Mumford died on August 15 , 1982 in Washington , D.C.
Frans Hens ( 1 August 1856 , Antwerp - 11 May 1928 , Antwerp ) was a Belgian post - impressionist painter , draftsman and printmaker .
Julian Gumperz ( May 12 , 1898 , New York -- February 1972 , Gaylordsville , Connecticut ) was a United States - born German sociologist , communist activist , publicist , and translator .
Alfred Le Roux was born in Paris , France , on 11 December 1852 , son of a banker .
Keith John Reames ( 19 February 1942 -- 6 May 2008 ) was an English football manager and administrator who was chairman of Lincoln City from 1985 to 2000 .
Georg Haupt ( Stockholm 10 August 1741 - -Stockholm 18 September 1784 ) was a Swedish cabinet maker .
Adriano Banchieri ( Bologna , 3 September 1568 -- Bologna , 1634 ) was an Italian composer , music theorist , organist and poet of the late Renaissance and early Baroque eras .
Heinrich Doring , born Michael Johann Heinrich Döring ( 8 May 1789 , Danzig / Gdańsk -- 14 December 1862 , Jena ) was a German writer , theologian and mineralogist .
Johann Hinrich Gossler ( born 18 August 1738 in Hamburg , died 31 August 1790 in Hamburg ) was a German banker and grand burgher of Hamburg , a member of the Hanseatic Berenberg / Gossler banking dynasty and the owner and head of the firm Joh .
On 6 May 1932 , Paul Doumer was in Paris at the opening of a book fair at the Hôtel Salomon de Rothschild , talking to the author Claude Farrère .
Carl Adolf Riebeck , originally Carl Adolph Riebeck ( September 27 , 1821 in Clausthal - January 28 , 1883 in Halle ) was an industrialist and mining entrepreneur .
Peter Joseph Krahe ( 8 April 1758 , Mannheim - 7 October 1840 , Braunschweig ) was a German architect .
Saint Perfectus ( Santo Perfecto ) ( died 850 ) was one of the Martyrs of Córdoba whose martyrdom was recorded by Saint Eulogius in the Memoriale sanctorum .
Last words of Teresa Lewis , September 23 , 2010 Lewis was executed on September 23 , 2010 , at 9 p.m. by lethal injection , at Greensville Correctional Center in Jarratt .
Vincenzo Chilone ( 10 July 1758 , Venice - 12 January 1839 , Venice ) was an Italian painter who specialized in vedute , after the style of Canaletto .
Friedrich Wilhelm Rauschenberg ( 1 December 1853 -- 28 September 1935 ) was a German architect active in Bremen , Germany .
John Joyce Russell ( December 1 , 1897 -- March 17 , 1993 ) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church , serving as Bishop of Richmond from 1958 to 1973 .
Daniël de Blieck ( Middelburg , c. 1610 - Middelburg , 1673 ) , was a Dutch Golden Age painter , draughtsman and architect , who specialised in architectural paintings .
Joseph Ludwig Raabe ( 15 May 1801 in Brody , Galicia -- 22 January 1859 in Zürich , Switzerland ) was a Swiss mathematician .
Robert Layton was born in Montreal , the son of Norah Lestelle ( née England ) and former Quebec cabinet minister Gilbert Layton .
Petar Mazev ( February 10 , 1927 , Kavadarci -- March 13 , 1993 , Skopje ) was a Macedonian academic painter , who is considered one of the most important postwar painters who introduced new energy into contemporary Macedonian art .
Efisio Arru ( Siligo , 1927 -- Sassari , 2000 ) was an Italian scientist , from Sardinia .
Charles Louis Simonneau ( 22 May 1645 , Orléans -- 1728 , Paris ) , was a French engraver .
Endre Rozsda ( Hungarian : Rozsda Endre , ; 18 November 1913 , Mohács -- 17 September 1999 , Paris ) was a Hungarian - French painter .
Mischa Levitzki died suddenly of a heart attack aged 42 , in 1941 , in Avon - by - the - Sea , New Jersey .
Joe Bishop ( November 27 , 1907 , Monticello , Arkansas - May 12 , 1976 , Houston , Texas ) was an American jazz multi - instrumentalist and composer .
Christian Gottlob Wilke ( May 13 , 1788 Badrina ( today belonging to the municipality of Schönwölkau ) -- November 10 , 1854 Würzburg ) was a German theologian .
Bernard McEveety died in Encino , Los Angeles , California , aged 79 , of undisclosed natural causes .
Fabio di Celmo ( Genoa , 1 June 1965 -- Havana , 4 September 1997 ) was an Italian entrepreneur , murdered in the 1997 explosion of a bomb planted by anti - Castro terrorists in a bar at the Hotel Copacabana .
Grace Cunard Shannon died of cancer , aged 73 , in 1967 in Woodland Hills , California .
Arthur Rosenthal ( 24 February 1887 , Fürth , Germany -- 15 September 1959 , Lafayette , Indiana ) was a German mathematician .
To promote his cooking style , he founded l'École de Cuisine du Soleil Roger Vergé ( located on the first floor of l'Amandier in Mougins ) .
Anthonie Verstraelen or Van Stralen ( Gorkum , 1593/1594 - Amsterdam , 1641 ) was a Dutch landscape painter , best known ( with Hendrik Avercamp and his nephew Barend Avercamp ) for his winter scenes .
Andrej Sládkovič ( born as Andrej Braxatoris , pseudonyms Andrej Braxatoris - Sládkovič , Andrej Sládkovič , Ondřej Krasislav Sládkovič , 30 March 1820 , in Krupina ( Korpona ) -- 20 April 1872 , in Radvaň near Banská Bystrica ) was a Slovak poet , critic , publicist and translator .
Francesco Hayez ( Italian : ( franˈtʃesko ˈaːjets ) ; 10 February 1791 -- 21 December 1882 ) was an Italian painter , the leading artist of Romanticism in mid-19th - century Milan , renowned for his grand historical paintings , political allegories and exceptionally fine portraits .
Christian Friedrich Freyer ( 25 August , 1794 , Wassertrüdingen -- 11 November 1885 Augsburg ) was a German entomologist mainly interested in Lepidoptera .
In 1712 , together with Yakov Permyakov , Merkury Vagin explored the region of the eastern Laptev Sea coast , including Bolshoy Lyakhovsky Island , the southernmost of the New Siberian Archipelago .
Peter Ladefoged was born on 17 September 1925 , in Sutton ( then in Surrey , now in Greater London ) , England to Niels , an importer of Danish bacon and cheese , and his wife , Marie Frances .
Riccardo Francovich ( Florence , Italy , June 10 , 1946 -- Fiesole , Italy , March 30 , 2007 ) was a pioneering Italian archaeologist and expert on Medieval Italy .
Mary Ann Müller ( born Mary Ann Wilson in 1819 or 1820 in London , died 18 July 1901 in Blenheim ) was a New Zealand campaigner for women 's suffrage and , more generally , women 's rights .
Samuel Hanson Stone ( December 4 , 1849 near Richmond , Kentucky - April 3 , 1909 in Galveston , Texas ) was an American politician .
August von Parseval ( 5 February 1861 , in Frankenthal ( Pfalz ) -- 22 February 1942 , in Berlin ) was a German airship designer .
Jean - Claude Forest was born in Le Perreux - sur - Marne , a Paris suburb and graduated from the Paris School of Design in the early 1950s and immediately began working as an illustrator .
Rex Humbard died on September 21 , 2007 , in Atlantis , Florida , of congestive heart failure , following hospitalization , at the age of 88 .
Bertil Envall ( 29 October 1909 , Annedal , Gothenburg - 23 November 2011 , Backa , Gothenburg ) was a Swedish Lutheran missionary and bishop emeritus of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Malaysia .
David Bustill Bowser ( January 16 , 1820 , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania -- June 30 , 1900 , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) was an African - American ornamental artist and portraitist .
In 1906 - 1908 Vasily Kravkov served in Moscow as a Corps physician , in 1908 - 1910 in Yaroslavl , where he was a physician of the 53rd and later 62nd Infantry Reserve Brigade .
Ferdinand Weerth ( 1 June 1774 in Gemarke -- 18 October 1836 in Detmold ) was a German pastor and school - reformer in the Principality of Lippe .
Laura Clay ( February 9 , 1849 -- June 29 , 1941 ) , co - founder and first president of the Kentucky Equal Rights Association , was a leader of the American women 's suffrage movement .
Rupert Huter ( 26 September 1834 , Kals -- 11 February 1919 , Ried bei Sterzing ) was an Austrian clergyman and botanist .
Wilhelm Worringer ( 13 January 1881 in Aachen -- 29 March 1965 in Munich ) was a German art historian .
Sigmund Friedl ( 1851 , Lipník nad Bečvou , Moravia -- 1914 , Vienna ) was one of the most famous Austrian philatelists .
Bal Patil ( Hindi : बाल पाटील , Marathi : बाळ पाटील ; 1932 - -2011 ) was a Jain scholar , journalist , social activist and Jain minority status advocate from Mumbai , Maharashtra .
Leopold Müller ( * January 7 , 1908 in Salzburg , † August 1 , 1988 in Salzburg ) was one of the pioneers of rock mechanics and one of the main contributors to the development of the New Austrian Tunnelling method .
Ernst Behler ( September 4 , 1928 in Essen -- September 16 , 1997 in Seattle ) was a German philosopher .
Vivian Hunter Galbraith , FBA ( 15 December 1889 -- 25 November 1976 in Oxford ) was an English historian , fellow of the British Academy and Oxford Regius Professor of Modern History .
Margot Taulé ( born August 30 , 1920 in Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic ; died July 11 , 2008 in Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic ) was an architect - engineer and the first woman to become a registered professional engineer and architect in the Dominican Republic .
Dalibor Brozović ( Croatian pronunciation : ( dǎlibor brǒːzovit͡ɕ ) ; 28 July 1927 , Sarajevo - 19 June 2009 , Zagreb ) was a Croatian linguist , Slavist , dialectologist and politician .
Charles Lenormant ( Paris , 1 June 1802 -- Athens , 22 November 1859 ) was a French archaeologist .
Ioan Dicezare ( August 12 , 1916 , Bucharest -- August 10 , 2012 , Bucharest ) was a leading Romanian fighter pilot and flying ace in World War II . He was born and died in Bucharest .
Demir Gökgöl ( Istanbul , July 15 , 1937 -- Hamburg , March 22 , 2012 ) was a Turkish - German actor .
Gintaras Beresnevičius ( July 8 , 1961 in Kaunas -- August 6 , 2006 in Vilnius ) was a Lithuanian historian of religions specializing in Baltic mythology .
Gerard Brantsen ( 1734 or 10 January 1735 , Arnhem -- 21 December 1809 , Arnhem ) was a Dutch politician and diplomat .
Gregorio de Laferrère was born in Buenos Aires to Mercedes Pereda , a local heiress , and Alfonso de Laferrère , a prominent French Argentine landowner .
Carl Heinrich Hübler ( Wachwitz , near Dresden , 4 December 1822 -- 14 April 1893 ) was the hornist in the Dresden Royal Court orchestra from 1844 until his retirement in 1891 .
Pietro Alfieri ( June 1801 -- 12 June 1863 ) was a Roman Catholic priest and at one time a Camaldolese monk , who was born and died in Rome .
Constantin Freiherr von Ettingshausen ( or Baron Constantin von Ettingshausen ) ( June 16 , 1826 in Vienna -- February 1 , 1897 in Graz ) was an Austrian botanist known for his paleobotanical studies of flora from the Tertiary era .
Luigi Pisani was born in Venice in 1522 , the son of Giovanni Pisani , the ambassador of the Republic of Venice to the Kingdom of France , and his wife Benedetta Gritti .
João do Rio was the pseudonym of the Brazilian journalist , short - story writer and playwright João Paulo Emílio Cristóvão dos Santos Coelho Barreto , a Brazilian author and journalist of African descent ( August 5 , 1881 , Rio de Janeiro-- June 23 , 1921 , Rio de Janeiro ) .
Charles Douglas Moffatt ( London , 5 July 1870 -- Buenos Aires , 1 March 1953 ) was an English football player , considered one of the pioneers of the sport in Argentina .
Giorgio da Sebenico ( Croatian : Juraj Dalmatinac ; c. 1410 -- 10 October 1475 ) was a Venetian sculptor and architect from Venetian Dalmatia , who worked mainly in Sebenico ( now Šibenik , Croatia ) , and in the city of Ancona , then a maritime republic .
Wilhelm Rudolf Mann ( born 4 April 1894 in Wiesbaden - died 10 March 1992 in Grainau ) was a German factory manager for IG Farben and later with Bayer .
William Henry Quilliam ( 10 April 1856 Liverpool -- 23 April 1932 London ) , who changed his name to Abdullah Quilliam and later Henri Marcel Leon or Haroun Mustapha Leon , was a 19th - century convert from Christianity to Islam , noted for founding England 's first mosque and Islamic centre .
Wilhelm Hertzberg ( * 6 June 1813 in Halberstadt ; † 7 June 1879 in Bremen ) was a prolific German philologist and translator .
Giovanni Corbeddu Salis ( Oliena , 1844 - Riu Monte ( Orgosolo ) , September 3 , 1898 ) was an Sardinian outlaw .
Richard Sackville , 3rd Earl of Dorset ( 18 March 1589 , Charterhouse , London -- 28 March 1624 , Dorset House , London ) was the son of Robert Sackville , 2nd Earl of Dorset .
Herman Fortunatus , Margrave of Baden - Rodemachern ( 23 January 1595 in Rastatt -- 4 January 1665 in Kastellaun ) was Margrave of Baden - Rodemachern .
Fulvio Mingozzi ( Lagosanto , October 6 , 1925 - Rome , 19 September 2000 ) was an Italian actor .
Jorge Mañach y Robato ( February 14 , 1898 , Sagua La Grande , Cuba -- June 25 , 1961 , San Juan , Puerto Rico ) was a Cuban writer and attorney , considered among the most distinguished of his time .
Wallace McCutcheon , Sr . ( New York City , 1858 or 1862-Brooklyn , NY October 3 , 1918 ) was a pioneer cinematographer and director in the early American motion picture industry , working with the American Mutoscope & Biograph , Edison and American Star Film companies .
Louis Thiroux de Crosne was Lieutenant général de Police ( Chief of the Police ) in Paris from 1785 to the beginning of the French Revolution .
Caterina Appiani ( 1398 -- 19 December 1451 ) was the lady of Piombino of the Appiani dynasty from 1445 until her death .
Bartholomeus Spranger ( name variations : Bartholomaeus or Bartholomäus and Spraneers ; 21 March 1546 in Antwerp -- 1611 in Prague ) was a Flemish painter , draughtsman , sculptor and etcher who became a painter to the imperial court in Prague .
Guru Har Rai also established an Ayurvedic hospital and a research center at Kiratpur Sahib , where he also maintained a zoo .
Horia Macellariu ( 28 April 1894 , Craiova - 11 July 1989 , Bucharest ) was a Romanian Counter Admiral , commander of the Royal Romanian Navy during World War II .
Kathryn McGuire died of cancer in 1978 in Los Angeles , California .
Andreas Fedor Jagor ( 30 November 1816 -- 11 February 1900 ) was a German ethnologist , naturalist and explorer who traveled throughout Asia in the second half of the 19th century collecting for Berlin museums .
Vasyl Yermylov was born 22 March 1894 in the city of Kharkiv , Ukraine .
Matylda Getter ( 1870 - -1968 ) was a Polish Catholic nun , mother provincial of CSFFM ( lat . Congregatio Sororum Franciscalium Familiae Mariae ) - Franciscan Sisters of the Family of Mary in Warsaw and social worker in pre - war Poland .
Angelo Mascheroni ( 1855 in Bergamo , Italy -- 1905 ) was a pianist composer , conductor , and music teacher , brother of the conductor Edoardo Mascheroni .
Robert Starer ( 8 January 1924 in Vienna -- 22 April 2001 in Kingston , New York ) was an Austrian - born American composer and pianist .
Abraham Blum ( also known as Abrasza Blum ) ( 1905 in Wilno , Vilna Governorate -- May 1943 in Warsaw ) was Polish - Jewish socialist activist , one of the leaders of the Bund in the Warsaw Ghetto and a participant in the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising .
Ralf Reichenbach ( 31 July 1950 in Wiesbaden -- 12 February 1998 in Berlin ) was a German shot putter .
Oļģerts Dunkers ( Riga , 11 February 1932 -- 10 September 1997 ) was a Latvian actor and film director and politician .
Saint Nestor the Chronicler ( c. 1056 -- c. 1114 , in Kiev ) was the reputed author of the Primary Chronicle , ( the earliest East Slavic chronicle ) , Life of the Venerable Theodosius of the Kiev Caves , Life of the Holy Passion Bearers , Boris and Gleb , and of the so - called Reading .
Andrew Joseph Galambos ( born Ifj . Galambos Jozsef Andras , June 28 , 1924 , in Hungary ; died in Orange County , California on April 10 , 1997 ) was an astrophysicist and philosopher who innovated a social structure that seeks to maximize human peace and freedom .
Roman Abraham ( 1891 Lwów - 1976 Warsaw ) was a Polish cavalry general , commander of Wielkopolska Cavalry Brigade during German and Soviet Invasion of Poland in September 1939 , in Battle of Bzura commander of Polish cavalry ( combined cavalry unit ) .
Giorgio Schiavone , or Juraj Ćulinović ( Skradin , 1433 or 1436 -- Šibenik , 1504 ) , was a Croatian born painter , active in Italy and Dalmatia .
Beatrice Morgari ( 1858 , Turin - 1936 , Turin ) was an Italian painter , mainly of genre subjects , often depicting intimate family scenes .
Victor Guillermo Ramos Rangel ( Cúa , Miranda state , Venezuela , 10 February 1911 - Caracas , 10 December , 1986 ) was a venezuelan classical musician .
Benjamin Bourne ( September 9 , 1755 -- September 17 , 1808 ) was an American jurist and politician from Bristol , Rhode Island .
On 24 January 2013 , Dolours Price was found dead at her Malahide , County Dublin home , evidently from a toxic effect of mixing prescribed sedative and anti - depressant medications .
André Essel ( 4 September 1918 in Toulouse , Haute - Garonne -- 31 March 2005 in Paris ) was the co - founder of Fnac , originally Fédération nationale d’achats des cadres , or National Purchasing Federation of Managers , alongside Max Théret .
When Dirac visited Institute of Advanced Study , Princeton , U.S.A. in 1947/48 he brought Harish - Chandra as his assistant .
Luigi Pampaloni ( Florence , 1791 - -1847 ) was an Italian sculptor , active in a Neoclassical style .
Matthaeus Greuter ( 1564 - -1638 ) , known in Italian as Matteo Greuter , was a German etcher and engraver who worked in Rome .
Michael Truman ( 25 February 1916 , in Bristol , England -- 11 July 1972 , in Newbury , Berkshire ) was a British film producer , director and editor .
Emilio Scanavino ( Genoa , 28 February 1922 -- Milan , 28 November 1986 ) was an Italian painter and sculptor .
Joseph Balthasar Hochreither ( Salzburg , 16 April 1669 - Salzburg , 14 December 1731 ) was an Austrian organist and composer .
Anton Dietrich ( born May 27 , 1833 in Meissen ; died August 4 , 1904 in Leipzig ) was a German painter .
In November 2003 , a memorial stone was unveiled at the site ( 52 ° 23′51``N 13 ° 12′58''E ) where Nordahl Grieg died in Kleinmachnow near Berlin , Germany , when the Lancaster bomber in which he was flying crashed into Machnower See on 2 December 1943 .
August Jakobson ( born 2 September 1904 in Pärnu , died 23 May 1963 in Tallinn ) was an Estonian writer and politician .
Harvey Bailey died peacefully in Joplin , Missouri on March 1 , 1979 at the age of 91 .
Paul Huet ( 3 October 1803 -- 8 January 1869 ) was a French painter and printmaker born in Paris .
Enrico Prampolini ( 20 April 1894 , Modena -- 17 June 1956 , Rome ) was an Italian Futurist painter , sculptor and scenographer .
Hamengkubuwono V ( also spelled Hamengkubuwana V , 1820 - -1855 was the fifth sultan of Yogyakarta , reigning from December 19 , 1823 to August 17 , 1826 , and then from January 17 , 1828 to June 5 , 1855 being interspersed by the rule of Hamengkubuwana IV .
María Josepha Petrona de Todos los Santos Sánchez de Velazco y Trillo de Thompson y Mendeville , better known as Mariquita Sánchez de Thompson ( 1 November 1786 -- Buenos Aires , 23 October 1868 ) , was a patriot from Buenos Aires and its leading salonnière , whose tertulia gathered all the leading personalities of her time .
Ilie Oană ( 16 August 1918 -- 27 April 1993 ) was a football player and manager who represented and coached the Romania national football team .
Esfir Shub ( Russian : Эсфи́рь Ильи́нична Шуб ; 16 March 1894 , Surazh , Russian Empire -- 21 September 1959 , Moscow , Soviet Union ) , also referred to as Esther Il'inichna Shub , was a pioneering Soviet filmmaker and editor in both the mainstream and documentary fields .
Alexandr Alexandrovich Fischer von Waldheim ( born 20 April 1839 in Moscow , Russian Empire - died 24 February 1920 in Sochi , Russia ) was a Russian Botanist .
Gottlieb Polak ( born January 13 , 1883 in Kladruby nad Labem , died July 5 , 1942 in Vienna ) was Chief Rider and Riding Master of the Spanish Riding School in Vienna during the 1930s , serving until his death in 1942 .
Jan Baptist Xavery ( born Antwerp , 30 March 1697 - died The Hague , 19 July 1742 ) was an 18th - century Flemish sculptor principally active in the Netherlands .
Rosika Schwimmer died of pneumonia on August 3 , 1948 in New York City .
Ayşe Olcay Tiryaki was a professor at the University of Ankara .
Sister Ita Ford , M.M. ( April 23 , 1940 -- December 2 , 1980 ) was an American Roman Catholic Maryknoll Sister who served as a missionary in Bolivia , Chile and El Salvador .
Duke Charles Louis Frederick of Mecklenburg , Prince of Mirow ( German : Herzog Carl Ludwig Friedrich zu Mecklenburg , Prinz von Mirow ; 23 February 1708 -- 5 June 1752 ) was a member of the House of Mecklenburg - Strelitz and the father of Queen Charlotte of the United Kingdom and Queen of Hannover .
Zsigmond Kisfaludi Strobl ( Alsórajk 1884 - Budapest 1975 ) was a Hungarian sculptor and artist .
Philip Schuyler was born in Albany , New York , on November 20 , 1733 , to John ( Johannes ) Schuyler , Jr. ( 1697 - -1741 ) , third generation of the Dutch family in America , and Cornelia Van Cortlandt ( 1698 - -1762 ) .
Charles Pierre Henri Rieu ( June 8 , 1820 -- March 19 , 1902 ) was a Swiss Orientalist , for many years Professor of Arabic in London and Cambridge .
Giuseppe Coniglio , known as U poeta , ( Pazzano ( RC ) , December 2 , 1922 -- Catanzaro , March 13 , 2006 ) , was an Italian poet who wrote in Pazzanese , a variety of the Calabrian dialect ( language ) .
Born in Pombal , a city set in the semi - arid region of the state of Paraíba , Celso Furtado moved to Rio de Janeiro in 1939 , to study Law , and graduated from the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro ( UFRJ ) in 1944 .
Boris Fraenkel ( 1921 , Free City of Danzig - 23 April 2006 , Pont du Garigliano , Paris ) was a Communist politician active in French and international politics .
René Kalisky ( Brussels , 1936 - Paris , 1981 ) was a Belgian writer of Polish descent who is best known for the plays he wrote in the last 12 years of his life .
David Ziegler ( July 13 , 1748 -- September 24 , 1811 ) was a German immigrant to the United States who served in the U.S. military and became the first mayor of Cincinnati , Ohio .
Maximilian Bayer ( 11 May 1872 in Karlsruhe -- 25 October 1917 in Nomeny ) was the founder of Scouting in Germany , along with Alexander Lion .
Georg Benedikt Winer ( April 13 , 1789 , Leipzig -- May 12 , 1858 , Leipzig ) , German Protestant theologian , known for his linguistic studies of the New Testament .
Alex Henshaw died at home in Newmarket on 24 February 2007 .
Mae Busch ( 18 June 1891 -- 20 April 1946 ) was an Australian film actress who worked in both silent and sound films in early Hollywood .
Martin Behrman ( 14 October 1864 -- 12 January 1926 ) , an American Democratic politician , was the longest - serving mayor in New Orleans history .
Luigi Canina ( Casale Monferrato , 1795 -- Florence , 1856 ) was an Italian archaeologist and architect .
Ercole Bevilacqua ( 1554 -- 13 December 1600 , Ferrara ) was an Italian nobleman , soldier and statesman .
William Henry Bullock ( April 13 , 1927 -- April 3 , 2011 ) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Bishop of the Diocese of Madison , Wisconsin from 1993 to 2003 .
Georg Glockendon the Elder ( fl . 1484 ; died 1514 ) was a Nuremberg - based woodblock cutter , printer and painter .
François Chéreau , also known as François I Chéreau ( 20 March 1680 Blois - 16 April 1729 Paris ) was an engraver of portraits and reproductions of famous works of art during the reign of Louis XIV .
Louis - Antoine Dornel ( ca . 1685 -- 1765 ) was a French composer , harpsichordist , organist and violinist , who lived in Paris .
José Rivera Indarte ( Córdoba , 1814 - Santa Catarina , 1845 ) was an Argentine poet and journalist .
Karel Šejna ( 1 November 1896 , Zálezly -- 17 December 1982 , Prague ) was a Czech double bassist and conductor , the principal conductor of the Czech Philharmonic Orchestra in 1950 .
Jürgen Ohlsen died at the age of 77 in Düsseldorf , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany on September 23 , 1994 .
Pietro Rosa ( November 10 , 1810 , Rome -- August 15 , 1891 , Rome ) was an Italian architect and topographer .
Helena Zmatlíková ( November 19 , 1923 , Prague -- April 4 , 2005 ) was a Czech illustrator , especially of children 's books .
Francisco de Orellana ( 1511 , Trujillo , Crown of Castile -- November 1546 , Amazon River ) was a Spanish explorer and conquistador .
Marta Pan ( 12 June 1923 , Budapest -- 12 October 2008 , Paris ) was a French abstract sculptor of Hungarian origin .
Oveta Culp Hobby ( January 19 , 1905 -- August 16 , 1995 ) was the first secretary of the US Department of Health , Education and Welfare , first director of the Women 's Army Corps , and a chairperson of the board of the Houston Post .
Charlton Thomas Lewis ( born 25 February 1834 in West Chester , Pennsylvania -- died 26 May 1904 in Morristown , New Jersey ) was a United States lawyer and author .
Alena Vostrá ( May 17 , 1938 , Prague -- April 15 , 1992 , Prague ) was a Czech novelist .
Christoph Bernhard ( 1 January 1628 -- 14 November 1692 ) was born in Kolberg , Pomerania , and died in Dresden .
Georges Mareschal ( 8 April 1658 , Calais -- 13 December 1736 , Château de Bièvres ) was a French surgeon .
Sergio Andreoli ( born 3 May 1922 in Capranica ; died 18 May 2002 in Viterbo ) was an Italian footballer .
Rennie Montague Bere CMG ( 28 November 1907 in Bere Regis , Dorset -- 23 March 1991 in Plymouth , Devon ) was a British mountaineer , naturalist and nature conservationist .
Victor Amalric Walter ( born Sèvres in 1870 - died at Lury - sur - Arnon in 1959 ) was a French glass maker mainly known for his pâtes de verre pieces .
Johann Wilhelm Furchheim ( Dresden , ca . 1635 - -1682 ) was a German violinist , composer and pupil of Heinrich Schütz .
After convincing Nishani to involve himself in what the Communists termed the Anti - Fascist National Liberation War , Hoxha noted that , `` Omer Nishani kept his word and worked in Tirana as a zealous activist of the National Liberation Movement .
Louis - Jean Lévesque de Pouilly ( 1691 , Reims - 1750 , Paris ) was a French philosopher .
Martin Kamen died August 31 , 2002 , at the age of 89 in Montecito ( Santa Barbara ) , California .
Luigi Pichler ( January 31 , 1773 in Rome -- March 13 , 1854 in Rome ) was a German - Italian artist in engraved gems .
Gaston - François de Witte ( 12 June 1897 , Antwerp -- 1 June 1980 , Brussels ) was a Belgian herpetologist who discovered and described at least 24 different species of reptiles .
Martial Bourdin ( 1868 - -1894 ) was a French anarchist , who died on 15 February 1894 when chemical explosives that he was carrying prematurely detonated outside the Royal Observatory in Greenwich Park .
Anne Spoerry died in 1999 , age 80 , after a stroke in Nairobi ; she was buried on the island of Lamu .
Jerzy Nowosielski ( January 7 , 1923 -- February 21 , 2011 ) was a Kraków - born Polish painter , graphic artist , scenographer , and illustrator .
George Whitman ( December 12 , 1913 -- December 14 , 2011 ) was the proprietor of the Shakespeare and Company bookstore in Paris , which continues to be a popular tourist attraction .
Marie Ernestine Lavieille ( or Marie Lavieille ) ( October 11 , 1852 in Barbizon -- November 12 , 1937 in Le Mans ) was a French painter .
Sidney Arnandan or Arnondrin or Arnondin , better known as Sidney Arodin ( March 29 , 1901 , Westwego , Louisiana - February 6 , 1948 , New Orleans ) was an American jazz clarinetist and songwriter , best known for co - writing the pop standard `` Lazy River '' with Hoagy Carmichael .
György Lázár signed a treaty in Budapest on 16 September 1977 , which initiated the controversial large barrage project of Gabčíkovo--
Friedrich Leo von Rottenberger ( 3 September 1872 , Třebíč -- 27 March 1938 , Vienna ) was an Austrian gardener and landscape architect .
Andrea Carlone ( 16 May 1626 -- 4 April 1697 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , active mainly in his natal city of Genoa .
Born in Munich , Günther Alois Friedrich Blumentritt was the son of Günther Blumentritt ( born 23 June 1859 ) , town planner and a Privy Councilor in Munich and Lina Rückart ( born 24 March 1868 ) .
August Rohling ( 15 February 1839 at Neuenkirchen , Province of Westphalia , Prussia -- 23 January 1931 in Salzburg ) was a German Catholic theologian , student of anti - Semitic texts , and polemical author .
Domenico Mondo ( 1734 in Capodrise near Caserta -- 1806 in Naples ) was an Italian painter , active in both a late Baroque and Neoclassical styles .
Ida Roland ( * 18 February 1881 in Vienna ; † 27 March 1951 in Nyon , Switzerland ) , born Ida Klausner , was an Austrian and German actress .
Gilbert De La Matyr ( July 8 , 1825 Pharsalia , Chenango County , New York - May 17 , 1892 Akron , Summit County , Ohio ) was an American cleric and politician from New York and Indiana .
Agostino Bonalumi ( July 10 , 1935 , Vimercate -- September 18 , 2013 , Milan ) was an Italian painter , draughtsman and sculptor .
Michel - Dimitri Calvocoressi ( 2 October 1877 in Marseille , France -- 1 February 1944 in London , England ) was a multilingual music writer and critic who promoted musicians such as Franz Liszt and Modest Mussorgsky .
Bishop Ignatius von Senestréy ( b. 13 July 1818 , Bärnau , Bavaria , Germany - d. 16 August 1906 , Regensburg , Germany ) was Bishop of Regensburg , Germany from 1858 to 1906 .
Lionel Rogosin ( January 22 , 1924 , New York City , New York -- December 8 , 2000 , Los Angeles , California ) was an independent American filmmaker .
Juan Félix Sánchez ( 16 May 1900 -- 18 April 1997 ) was Andean folk artist born in San Rafael de Mucuchíes , Mérida , Venezuela .
Henry Schultz died on November 26 , 1938 , near San Diego , California , in a car accident that also killed his wife and his two daughters .
Giuseppe Badaracco ( 1588 - -1657 ) , also called `` Il Sordo '' ( the Deaf ) , was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , active mainly in Genoa , in Liguria and in the island of Corsica .
Diogo das Chagas , O.F.M. ( Diogo of the Holy Wounds ) ; ( c. 1584 ; Santa Cruz das Flores -- c. 1661 ; Angra do Heroísmo ) was a Portuguese Franciscan friar and historian .
Georges Urbain ( 12 April 1872 -- 5 November 1938 in Paris ) French chemist , professor of Sorbonne .
Karl Albiker ( 16 September 1878 in Ühlingen - Birkendorf -- 26 February 1961 in Ettlingen ) was a German sculptor , lithographer and teacher of fine arts .
Gaspard Théodore Mollien ( 29 August 1796 , Paris -- 28 June 1872 , Nice ) was a French diplomat and explorer .
Guillaume Coustou the Elder ( November 29 , 1677 , Lyon - February 22 , 1746 , Paris ) was a French sculptor and academician .
Paolo Magretti ( 15 December 1854 , Milan -- 30 August 1913 , Paderno Dugnano ) was an Italian entomologist who specialized in Hymenoptera studies .
Antonio Bertoloni ( February 8 , 1775 in Sarzana -- April 17 , 1869 in Bologna ) was an Italian botanist who made extensive studies of Italian plants .
Maxwell Anderson died in Stamford , Connecticut , on February 28 , 1959 , two days after suffering a stroke .
Domenico Corvi ( 1721 - -1803 ) was an Italian painter at the close of the 18th century , active in an early Neoclassic style in Rome and surrounding sites .
Mohamed Temam or Mohamed Temmam ( 23 February 1915 Algiers -- 15 July 1988 Algiers ) was Algerian miniaturist painter and illuminator .
Pompeo Marchesi ( Italian pronunciation : ( pomˈpeːo marˈkeːzi ) ; born Saltrio , near Milan , 7 August 1783 ; died Milan , 6 February 1858 ) was a Lombard sculptor of the neoclassical school .
Gustav Lindau ( May 2 , 1866 in Dessau -- October 10 , 1923 in Berlin ) , was a German mycologist and botanist .
Solomon Stoddard ( September 27 , 1643 , baptized October 1 , 1643 -- February 11 , 1729 ) was the pastor of the Congregationalist Church in Northampton , Massachusetts Bay Colony .
Ulman Stromer ( 6 January 1329 -- 3 April 1407 ) was a German long - distance trader , factory owner and councillor of Nuremberg , then a free imperial city of the Holy Roman Empire .
Francisco Salamone ( June 5 , 1897 -- August 8 , 1959 ) was an Argentine architect of Italian descent who , between 1936 and 1940 , during the Infamous Decade , built more than 60 municipal buildings with elements of Art Deco style in 25 rural communities on the Argentine Pampas within the Buenos Aires Province .
Judith Sargent Murray died in Natchez , Mississippi , on June 9 , 1820 at the age of sixty - nine .
Lennart Rodhe enrolled as a student in 1934 at Edward Berggrens studio at Tekniska skolan in Stockholm , and studied under Peter Rostrup - Boyesen i Köpenhamn and at the Royal University College of Fine Arts in Stockholm 1938 - -44 with Sven X : et Erixon as teacher .
Dallas Elmer Chambers , also called Frog and Muffle Jaws Chambers ( 1897 , Bayonne , New Jersey - ca . 1952 , Jersey City , New Jersey ) was an American jazz trumpeter .
Henio Zytomirski ( Polish : Henio Żytomirski , Hebrew : הניו ז'יטומירסקי‎ ; 25 March 1933 -- 9 November 1942 ) was a Polish Jew born in Lublin , Poland who was murdered at the age of 9 in a gas chamber at Majdanek concentration camp , during the German Nazi occupation of Poland .
Alfred Walter ( May 8 , 1929 in Volary -- March 7 , 2004 in Brussels ) was a Bohemian - Austrian conductor .
Carl Nicoladoni ( April 23 , 1847 -- December 4 , 1902 ) was an Austrian surgeon born in Vienna .
Dr. Hugo Winzer ( b. 1862 -- d. January 13 , 1937 in Dresden ) was a German pair skater .
Jajur /Minas Avetisyan/ 1987 - Alaverdi 1952- Joined the communist party 2005- Eduard Issabekian lived and worked in the Armenian village Ashtarak ) ) 2007- August 17 Eduard Isabekyan died .
Jean Sauvagnargues ( 2 April 1915 , Paris -- 6 August 2002 , Lausanne ) was a French politician who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs under Valéry Giscard d'Estaing from 1974 to 1976 and was Ambassador to Ethiopia , Tunisia , West Germany and the United Kingdom .
Robert Villemain ( January 10 , 1924 in Paris , France - September 4 , 1984 in Montfermeil , France ) was a French boxer .
Wilhelm E. Heinrich Küster ( 16 August 1870 in Hanover , 1 Juli 1956 in Görlitz ) was a German architect and town officer ( 1909 - 1933 as Stadtbaurat of Görlitz ) .
John Hosier was born in the north west London suburb of Kingsbury , Middlesex .
Hatcher Hughes ( 12 February 1881 , Polkville , North Carolina -- 19 October 1945 , New York City ) was an American playwright who lived in Grover , NC , as featured in the book Images of America .
Max Askanazy ( 24 February 1865 , Stallupönen - 23 October 1940 , Geneva ) was a German - Swiss pathologist .
Princess Theresa of Bavaria ( German : Therese Charlotte Marianne Auguste von Bayern ; 12 November 1850 , Munich -- 19 December 1925 , Lindau ) , was a Bavarian princess , ethnologist , zoologist , botanist , travel writer and leader in social care .
Pierre - Laurent Brenot died on 8 May 1998 , in his estate in Loches .
William Lyon Phelps ( January 2 , 1865 New Haven , Connecticut -- August 21 , 1943 New Haven , Connecticut ) was an American author , critic and scholar .
Amparo Muñoz came from the town of Vélez - Málaga , Andalusia , where she had won the city title , to compete at the Miss Spain contest held in Lanzarote .
Adolf Böttger ( 21 May 1815 in Leipzig -- 16 November 1870 in Gohlis , now part of Leipzig ) was a German translator and poet .
Luis de Molina ( September 1535 , Cuenca , Spain -- 12 October 1600 , Madrid , Spain ) was a Spanish Jesuit priest and a staunch Scholastic defender of ' human liberty ' in the Divine grace and human liberty controversy of the Renaissance ( Molinism ) .
Pasquale Errichelli ( also Ericchelli or Enrichelli ; 1730 - -1785 ) was an Italian composer and organist based in the city of Naples .
Prospero Orsi , also referred to as Prosperino delle Grottesche ( 1560s-1630s ) was an Italian painter of the late - Mannerist and early - Baroque period , active mainly in Rome .
Douglass Montgomery died of spinal cancer in Norwalk , Connecticut , aged 58 , on July 23 , 1966 .
Pyotr Nikolayevich Kropotkin ( Russian : Пётр Никола́евич Кропо́ткин ; November 24 , 1910 , Moscow - 17 January 1996 , Moscow ) was a Soviet Russian geologist , tectonician , and geophysicist .
Jack Hildyard , B.S.C. ( 17 March 1908 , London -- September 1990 , London ) was a British cinematographer who worked on more than 80 films during his career .
Peter Behrens remained head of the Department of Architecture at the Prussian Academy of Arts in Berlin .
James Hemming died in Kingston Hospital , Kingston upon Thames , leaving an estate worth £ 1,615,879 net .
Jacques Perrin de Brichambaut ( 18 October 1920 , Paris -- 17 March 2007 , Paris ) was a French ornithologist .
Thomas Ball Barratt ( 22 July 1862 , Cornwall , England -- 29 January 1940 , Oslo , Norway ) was a British - born Norwegian pastor and founder of the Pentecostal movement in Norway .
Anna Rice Cooke ( 1853 - -1934 ) was a patron of the arts and the founder of the Honolulu Museum of Art .
Branko Miljković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бранко Миљковић ) ( 29 January 1934 , in Niš -- 12 February 1961 , in Zagreb ) was an iconic Serbian poet .
Barbara Buchholz ( 8 December 1959 -- 10 April 2012 ) was a Berlin - based German musician and composer .
Jānis Rozītis ( 20 March 1913 - 3 May 1942 in Riga , Reichskommissariat Ostland , Nazi Germany ) was a Latvian football forward , a two time champion of Latvia and a Latvia national football team regular in mid-1930s .
Johann Baptist Emanuel Pohl ( 23 February 1782 , Česká Kamenice ( German : Böhmisch Kamnitz ) -- 22 May 1834 , Vienna ) was an Austrian botanist , entomologist , geologist , and physician .
Virginia Haviland died of a stroke on 6 January 1988 , in Washington , D.C.
Dick Whittinghill ( March 5 , 1913 in Montana -- January 24 , 2001 in Los Angeles , California ) was an American film and television actor , recording artist and radio DJ in the United States .
Ovid Demaris ( 6 September 1919 -- 12 March 1998 as Ovide E. Desmarais ) was a native of Biddeford , Maine and an author of books and detective stories .
Henryk Miłoszewicz ( January 27 , 1956 in Vilnius - April 5 , 2003 in Włocławek ) was a Polish football player .
Giacomo Rust or Rusti ( 1741 in Rome , Italy -- 1786 in Barcelona , Spain ) was an Italian opera composer , probably of German ancestry .
William Targ died on July 22 , 1999 , at the age of 92 , in his Manhattan home .
Maria Slavona , born Marie Dorette Caroline Schorer ( 14 March 1865 , Lübeck - 10 May 1931 , Berlin ) was a German impressionist painter .
Ludwig Schmidseder ( 24 August 1904 , in Passau -- 21 June 1971 , in Munich ) was a German composer and pianist of the `` Light Muse '' .
Theodor von Frimmel , fully Theodor von Frimmel - Traisenau ( December 15 , 1853 , Amstetten -- December 3 , 1928 , Vienna ) was an Austrian art historian , musicologist and Beethoven biographer .
Rudolf Hildebrand was born in Leipzig to typesetter Heinrich Hildebrand and Amalia , born Porges .
Arman , Museum of Contemporary Art of Teheran , Teheran , Iran Arman , Marlborough New York City 2004 Omaggio ad Arman Arte Silva , Sergno Arman--
Eva Monley died at her home in Nanyuki , Kenya , on November 12 , 2011 , at the age of 88 .
Ahmet Muhtar Merter , also known as Ahmed Muhtar Bey ( born ? in İstanbul - died 1959 in Istanbul ) was a Turkish irregular fighter in the Turkish War of Independence .
Daniel Sully died on June 25 , 1910 at his farm near Woodstock , New York .
Geoffrey Clough Ainsworth ( 9 October 1905 in Birmingham -- 25 October 1998 in Derby ) was a British mycologist and scientific historian .
John Stevens Cabot Abbott died at Fair Haven , Connecticut .
Bertholet Flemalle , Flemal , or Flamael ( 1614 -- 1675 ) was a Liège Baroque painter .
Friedrich Peter ( 13 July 1921 in Attnang - Puchheim , Upper Austria -- 25 September 2005 in Vienna ) was an Austrian politician who served as the chairman of the Freedom Party of Austria from 1958 to 1978 .
On March 4 , 1944 , Louis Capone went to the electric chair at Sing Sing Prison in Ossining , New York .
Johann Friedrich Voltz ( 31 October 1817 , Nördlingen - 25 June 1886 , Munich ) was a German landscape and animal painter of the Munich School .
On 13 October 1991 , Donald Houston died in Coimbra , Portugal at the age of 67 .
Édouard Harlé ( 1850 , Toulouse -- 1922 , Bordeaux ) was a French railway engineer ( Ingénieur des ponts et chaussées ) and prehistorian Édouard Harlé was a Director of the Chemin de Fer du Midi His collections of prehistoric artefacts are held by Muséum d'histoire naturelle de Bordeaux and Muséum de Toulouse .
Herschel Rosenthal ( 13 March 1918 -- 19 June 2009 ) was an American politician who was a member of the California State Assembly from 1974 to 1982 and the California State Senate from 1982 to 1998 .
Azlan Ismail ( born 3 October 1984 , in Tumpat , Kelantan ) is a Malaysian footballer currently playing as a forward for T--
The Thénardiers , commonly known as Monsieur Thénardier ( /təˈnɑrdi.eɪ/ ; French pronunciation : ​(tenaʁdje ) ) and Madame Thénardier , are fictional characters , the secondary antagonists in Victor Hugo 's 1862 novel Les Misérables and in many adaptations of the novel into other media .
Catellus ( Welsh : Kadell map Geraint ) was a legendary king of the Britons , as recounted in Geoffrey of Monmouth 's work Historia Regum Britanniae .
Langston Graham is a fictional recurring character in the NBC television series Chuck .
Scott Windsor ( né Dawson ) is a fictional character in the British ITV soap opera Emmerdale .
Gandiva ( IAST : Gāṇḍīva ; Sanskrit : गाण्डीव ) is the bow of Arjuna , the hero of the Hindu epic Mahabharata .
Dr. Adam Heywood is a fictional character in the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street who was portrayed by Leighton Cardno from early 2001 until mid-2003 .
In The Man with the Golden Gun , Bill Tanner is only seen briefly in the film and is not mentioned by name until the end credits .
Sam Aleni is a fictional character on the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street who was portrayed by Rene Naufahu as part of the original cast from 1992 to 1996 .
Arthur Poe ( often referred to as Mr. Poe ) is a fictional character in Lemony Snicket 's A Series of Unfortunate Events series .
Tahmeena , Tahmina , Tehmina or Tahmineh ( Persian : تَهمينه‎ ) is a female character in the story , Rostam and Sohrab , part of the 10th - century Persian epic of Shahnameh .
Damon Salvatore is a fictional character in The Vampire Diaries novel series .
Emma Peel is a fictional spy played by Diana Rigg in the British 1960s adventure television series The Avengers , by Diane Appleby in the South African radio series of The Avengers ( 1971 - -73 ) , and by Uma Thurman in the 1998 film version of the show .
The Man from Another Place ( played by Michael J. Anderson ) is a character from the television series Twin Peaks , created by David Lynch and Mark Frost .
Le Chiffre ( French pronunciation : ​(lə ʃifʁ ) , The Cypher or The Number ) is a fictional character appearing in Ian Fleming 's 1953 first James Bond novel , Casino Royale .
Sudabeh is a fictional character in the Persian epic Shahnameh .
Ruins of Myth Drannor , and Spellfire .
In the Smallville episode `` Absolute Justice '' , Hawkgirl 's weaponry and mask are on display at the JSA brownstone .
In The Transformers : The Movie , Blitzwing was present at the Battle of Autobot City , targeting Hot Rod and Daniel Witwicky .
Jackson Avery , M.D. is a fictional character from ABC prime time medical drama , Grey 's Anatomy , portrayed by actor Jesse Williams .
Liu Tang is a fictional character in Water Margin , one of the Four Great Classical Novels of Chinese literature .
Shi Xiangyun ( Chinese : 史湘雲 ; Pinyin : Shǐ Xiāngyún ) is a major fictional character in Dream of the Red Chamber .
Marc MacKenzie was a fictional character in UK soap opera Family Affairs , played first by Michael Wildman from 2003 to 2004 and then by Graham Bryan in 2005 up until the final episode .
Gill - man , commonly referred to as the The Creature , is the lead antagonist of the 1954 black - and - white science fiction film Creature from the Black Lagoon and its two sequels Revenge of the Creature ( 1955 ) and The Creature Walks Among Us ( 1956 ) .
Elena Gilbert is a fictional character and protagonist from The Vampire Diaries ( novel series ) .
Atia of the Julii is a character from the HBO / BBC / RAI original television series Rome , played by Polly Walker from 2005 to 2007 .
Mike Novick is a fictional character played by Jude Ciccolella as part of the television series , 24 .
Cherin was a legendary king of the Britons as recounted in Geoffrey of Monmouth 's Historia Regum Britanniae .
Assistant District Attorney Claire Kincaid is a fictional character on the television series Law & Order , played by Jill Hennessy from 1993 to 1996 .
Raththa Dhanam ( Tamil : ரத்ததானம் ) is a 1988 Indian Tamil film , directed by Sivachandran and produced by Sivachandran and Lakshmi .
Goat Story 2 ( Czech : Kozí příběh se sýrem ) is a 2012 Czech 3D computer - animated comedy feature film .
The Ministry of Defence Police Act 1987 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom which came into full force on 5 May 1987 .
Ancestors : 900 Years in the Life of a Chinese Family is a book first published in 1988 written by the Hong Kong - based journalist Frank Ching , in which he tells the story of his ancestors in the Qin ( 秦 ) family , beginning with the 11th - century Song dynasty poet Qin Guan .
Qerq is a Maltese thriller released in 2007 .
The Man from Button Willow is a 1965 American animated Western film about the adventures of Justin Eagle , the first U.S. Government Agent .
Wang - geon , the Great ( Korean : 태조 왕건 ) is a 1970 South Korean film directed by Choi In - hyeon , depicting the life of Wang - geon who ruled the Goryeo Dynasty .
The Great Riviera Bank Robbery ( 1979 ) , also known as Dirty Money , is a motion picture written and directed by Francis Megahy .
Behind the Green Door is a 1972 American feature - length pornographic film , widely considered one of the genre 's `` classic '' pictures and one of the films that ushered in The Golden Age of Porn .
I , Ball is a shoot 'em up computer game published for the Amstrad CPC , Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum in 1987 by Firebird .
Brown Bear , Brown Bear , What Do You See ? is a children 's picture book published in 1967 .
The Unearthing is a 2015 American coming of age drama film by Tristan James Jensen and stars Riley Yeary , Angelina Masciopinto , and Kaleb Miller in the lead roles .
The Insatiable Moon is a 2010 New Zealand drama film , based on a 1997 novel of the same name by Mike Riddell , who also wrote the screenplay .
BeamWars is a Macintosh snake game released as shareware in 1992 by Steve Crutchfield .
Il secondo tragico Fantozzi ( The Second Tragic Fantozzi ) is an Italian comedy film released in 1976 .
King of the Doghouse is the first solo album by Francis Rossi , best known as the front man in the English Rock band Status Quo , which was released in 1996 .
Chicago Overcoat is a 2009 American gangster film .
Tongue of the Fatman ( also known as Mondu 's Fight Palace on the Commodore 64 , Fatman for its Japanese release , and Slaughter Sport in its Sega Genesis iteration ) is a 1989 fighting game developed by Activision and published by Sanritsu .
Cartoonists - Foot Soldiers of Democracy ( French : Caricaturistes - Fantassins de la démocratie ) is a 2014 documentary film directed by Stéphanie Valloatto about 12 cartoonists around the world who risk their lives to defend democracy .
The Sword with No Name ( Hangul : 불꽃처럼 나비처럼 ; RR : Bulkkotcheoreom Nabicheoreom ; literally `` Like Fireworks , Like Butterflies '' ) is a 2009 South Korean film based on a fictionalized account of Empress Myeongseong .
Inside Deep Throat is a 2005 American documentary film about the 1972 pornographic film Deep Throat , at the forefront of the Golden Age of Porn , and its effects on American society .
Receiving positive notices for Adam 's Rib , Holliday was cast in the 1950 film version of Born Yesterday , for which she won the Academy Award for Best Actress .
Friends from France ( French : Les Interdits ) is a 2013 French drama film written and directed by Anne Weil and Philippe Kotlarski .
Shanghai Chest is a 1948 American film featuring Roland Winters in his third appearance as Charlie Chan .
The Babysitters is a 2007 independent drama film directed by David Ross .
Emmett 's Mark is a 2002 American thriller film directed by Keith Snyder and starring Scott Wolf , Khandi Alexander , Talia Balsam , Sarah Clarke , John Doman , with Tim Roth and Gabriel Byrne .
O Menino no Espelho ( The Boy in the Mirror ) is a 2014 Brazilian fantasy adventure drama film directed by Guilherme Fiúza Zenha , based on the book of the same name by Fernando Sabino .
Life After Beth is a 2014 American zombie comedy film written and directed by Jeff Baena .
Beans and Fatback is the 1973 release by pioneer rock and roll guitarist and Shawnee Indian Link Wray .
For the Love of Benji is the sequel to the original movie , featuring Benji the dog and released in 1977 .
A Small Domain is a 1996 short film written and directed by Britta Sjogren .
Africa Squeaks is a 1940 American animated cartoon in the Looney Tunes series starring Porky Pig .
Under the Lighthouse Dancing is a 1997 Australian romantic drama film directed by Graeme Rattigan , based on a true story .
The Bewitched House ( Spanish : La casa embrujada ) is a 1944 Mexican mystery film directed by Fernando A. Rivero and starring David T. Bamberg and Katy Jurado .
36 Deadly Styles is a 1980 independent released martial arts film directed by Joseph Kuo starring Jack Long , Mark Long , and Hwang Jang Lee .
Oka Oori Katha ( English title : The Marginal Ones ; Telugu : ఒక ఊరి కథ ) is a 1977 Telugu film directed by Mrinal Sen. It is based on the story Kafan by Munshi Premchand .
Manikyakottaram is a 1966 Indian Malayalam film , directed by U Rajagopal and produced by HH Abdulla Settu .
Oorige Upakari ( Kannada : ಊರಿಗೆ ಉಪಕಾರಿ ) is a 1982 Indian Kannada film , directed by Joe Simon and produced by A. Radhakrishna Raju and V. L. Srinivasa Murthy .
The Adventures of Sanmao the Waif ( 三毛流浪记 ) is a 1949 film version of the orphan Sanmao comic directed by Zhao Ming .
Ishtadanam is a 1997 Indian Malayalam film directed by Remesh Kumar and starring Jagathy Sreekumar and Innocent in the lead roles .
The Adventures of a Two - Minute Werewolf , also called The Adventures of a 2-Minute Werewolf is a 1985 television film produced by ABC television as part of its ABC Weekend Special series ( an after school special ) .
Say You Want Me is a 1977 Australian film about a woman who is raped by one of her husband 's business associates .
The Perfect Assistant is a 2008 American - Canadian made - for - television Drama film starring Josie Davis and Chris Potter .
Assal Eswed ( Arabic : عسل إسود‎ ; English : Molasses ) is a 2010 Egyptian Comedy film .
The Exploits of the Emden is a 1928 silent Australian film about the Battle of Cocos ; the World War I naval battle between Australian cruiser HMAS Sydney and German cruiser SMS Emden .
Temporary Freedom is a 2008 Moroccan film .
Freeze ! is a puzzle video game developed by Frozen Gun Games and released in November 2012 for iOS and Android .
Aloha , Bobby and Rose is a 1975 American road drama film about a young working - class couple who accidentally cause the death of a store clerk during their first date , and go on the run from the law .
Kumari Mon ( 1962 ) Bengali film directed by Chitrarath .
Jungle Warriors , also called The Czar of Brazil ( Euer Weg führt durch die Hölle , `` Your Path Leads Through Hell '' , in Germany ) is an action film , released in the United States on November 1984 .
Teens in the Universe ( Russian : Отроки во вселенной , translit . Otroki vo vselennoy ) is a Soviet 1974 film directed by Richard Viktorov based on a script by Isai Kuznetsov and Avenir Zak about teens in the universe .
Juarez 2045 is scheduled to be released on June 30 , 2015 .
Mortimer Griffin and Shalinsky is a 1985 short film written by Academy Award winning screenwriter Mordecai Richler about an eccentric Jewish intellectual that accuses his teacher of hiding his Jewish identity .
Mozilla Firefox 3.6 is a version of the Firefox web browser released in January 2010 .
The Spy with My Face is a 1965 spy - fi spy film based on The Man from U.N.C.L.E. television series .
Citizen Cohn is a 1992 cable film covering the life of Joseph McCarthy 's controversial chief counsel Roy Cohn .
Nee Venunda Chellam is a 2006 Indian Tamil film , written and directed by L. Venkatesan , starring Githan Ramesh , Gajala and Namitha in lead roles , with Thilakan , Vivek and Vincent Asokan playing supporting roles .
Supporting Roles ( Spanish : Papeles secundarios ) is a 1989 Cuban drama film directed by Orlando Rojas .
Fuego en el alma ( Fire in the Soul ) is a 2005 Puerto Rican film production .
One Night in Vegas is a 2013 Nigerian comedy drama film directed by John Uche .
Silent Night , Deadly Night Part 2 is a 1987 slasher film written and directed by Lee Harry , and co - written by Joseph H. Earle .
Evano Oruvan ( Tamil : எவனோ ஒருவன் ) ( English : Some One ) is a 2007 Tamil drama film directed by Nishikanth Kamat who made his debut in the Tamil film industry with the film .
The Nasty Girl ( German : Das schreckliche Mädchen ) is a 1990 West German drama film based on the true story of Anna Rosmus from Passau , Bavaria .
Good Gracious , Annabelle is a lost 1919 American silent society comedy film starring Billie Burke .
John Peel 's Record Box is a documentary film made by Elaine Shepherd , released on 14 November 2005 on Channel 4 .
The Nexus 9 was announced on 15 October 2014 , with pre - orders available on 17 October and was released on 3 November 2014 .
Gbomo Gbomo Express is a 2015 Nigerian caper comedy film , written and directed by Walter Taylaur .
American Cowslip is a 2009 independent feature film by director Mark David .
Hazaar Chaurasi Ki Maa ( 1998 ) ( Hindi : हज़ार चौरासी की माँ ; English : The Mother of 1084 ) is an Indian feature film that deals with the life of a woman who loses her son , a Naxalite , to the violence that is a result of his adopted ideology .
The Heart Raider is a 1923 silent film romantic comedy produced by Famous Players - Lasky and released by Paramount Pictures .
How Wikipedia Works is a 2008 book by Phoebe Ayers , Charles Matthews , and Ben Yates .
The Entitled is a 2011 hostage suspense film written by William Morrissey .
Happy Sixteen ( 俏皮女學生 , Chiu pei nui hok sang ) is a 1982 Hong Kong film directed by Johnny Mak .
The Future of Food is a 2004 American documentary film written and directed by Deborah Koons Garcia to describe an investigation into unlabeled , patented , genetically engineered foods sold in grocery stores in the United States for the past decade .
Fury on Wheels , also known as Jump , is a 1971 American car racing film .
The Beginning Vol . 5 is the first and only single disc compilation released by Frijid Pink in 1973 .
The Devil 's Cargo is a lost 1925 American silent film produced by Famous Players - Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures .
The Redwoods is a 1967 American short documentary film produced by Trevor Greenwood and Mark Jonathan Harris .
Aliens vs. Avatars is a 2011 science fiction film directed by Lewis Schoenbrun .
The Galaxy on Earth ( Chinese : 天河 ) is a 2014 Chinese drama film directed by Ning Haiqiang and Shen Dong .
The Midnight Message is a 1926 silent film drama produced and released by an independent producer .
Karnaparvam is a 1977 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Babu Nanthankodu and produced by Babu Nanthankodu .
High School Hellcats is an American black - and - white 1958 film about a high school girl gang .
Smash Palace is a New Zealand feature film , released in 1981 .
Martin Roumagnac ( also known as The Room Upstairs ) is a 1946 French crime film made by Alcina and distributed by Lopert Film .
Firecrosser ( Ukrainian : Той , хто пройшов крізь вогонь ) is a 2011 Ukrainian drama film directed by Mykhailo Illienko .
Çilgin kiz ve üç süper adam is a 1973 Turkish film directed by Cavit Yürüklü .
The Story of Gilbert and Sullivan is a 1953 British technicolor film that dramatises the story of the collaboration between W. S. Gilbert and Arthur Sullivan .
Take It Out in Trade is a 1970 softcore pornographic comedy , written and directed by Edward D. Wood , Jr. The plot centers on a couple who hire a private investigator ( Michael Donovan O'Donnell ) to locate their missing daughter .
Kalaignarin Ilaignan ( Tamil : இளைஞன் , English : Youth ) is a 2011 Tamil - language film directed by Suresh Krishna , who directs his 50th film , and written by DMK Chief and the then Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu Kalaignar M. Karunanidhi based on the Russian novel , The Mother , by Maxim Gorky .
Divine Waters is a documentary film released in 1985 ( shot in 1981 ) starring Divine and John Waters as themselves , along with Waters ' father John Waters Sr . and sister Trish Waters .
Dad 's Home is a 2010 romantic drama film directed by Bradford May after a screenplay written by Adam Rockoff .
Queen of the Damned is a 2002 vampire horror film , and a loose adaptation of the third novel of Anne Rice 's The Vampire Chronicles series , The Queen of the Damned , although the film contains many plot elements from the latter novel 's predecessor , The Vampire Lestat .
Confrontation at Concordia was selected as the best international documentary at the 2003 New York International Independent Film and Video Festival .
Martian Memorandum is a dystopian cyberpunk / noir graphic adventure game that was originally released in 1991 for the MS - DOS .
Caught in the Crossfire is 2010 American crime drama film directed by Brian A Miller .
The Road We 've Traveled is a 2012 documentary film about the events of Barack Obama 's presidency .
Actual Size is the sixth album by the American rock band Mr. Big , originally released in August 2001 .
Always a New Beginning is a 1974 American documentary film directed by John D. Goodell , about the founding and operation of The Institutes for the Achievement of Human Potential .
Carl Gustav , gjengen og parkeringsbandittene ( Carl Gustav , the Gang and the Parking Bandits ) is a Norwegian children 's mystery film from 1982 .
8:46 is a 2011 drama film that simulates the moments of the September 11 , 2001 attacks on the United States .
Mister Smile is a 1999 American animated short film directed by Fran Krause while he was attending Rhode Island School of Design .
Glass Jaw ( Original title : Lasileuka ) is a 2004 Finnish short drama film directed by Zaida Bergroth .
The Mighty Peking Man ( 猩猩王 ) ( Mandarin : Xingxing Wang - literally ' King of the Orangutans ' ) is a 1977 monster film produced by Shaw Brothers Studio to capitalize on the craze surrounding the 1976 remake of King Kong .
Un Soir de Joie ( French ; literally `` An Evening of Joy '' ) is a Belgian comic film , directed by Gaston Schoukens and released in 1955 .
A Foundling , also known as The Mojave Experiment , is an American feature film which premiered at the 13th Annual Dances With Films film festival in 2010 .
Sri Dharmasthala Mahathme ( Kannada : ಶ್ರೀ ಧರ್ಮಸ್ಥಳ ಮಹಾತ್ಮೆ ) is a 1962 Indian Kannada film , directed by D. Shankar Singh and produced by D Shankar Singh .
The Gun Runner is a 1969 action movie .
Temporada de patos ( released as Duck Season in the United States ) is a 2004 Mexican film .
7 dní hříchů ( English : 7 days of sins ) is a 2012 Czech historical drama film directed by Jiří Chlumský .
Donald and Pluto is a 1936 animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and distributed by United Artists .
The Lancaster Miller Affair is a 1985 Australian mini series about the relationship between Bill Lancaster and Jessie Miller .
Grace Unplugged is a 2013 Christian musical drama film .
Le Grand Charles is a 2006 French TV Mini - Series on the life of Charles de Gaulle from 1939 to 1959 , written and directed by Bernard Stora .
Shadows in the Storm is a 1988 drama / thriller film by Terrell Tannen .
Tři oříšky pro Popelku ( German : Drei Haselnüsse für Aschenbrödel , English : Three Nuts for Cinderella , Three Gifts for Cinderella ( UK title ) and Three Wishes for Cinderella ) is a Czechoslovak / East German fairy - tale film from 1973 .
East Coasting is an album by Charles Mingus , recorded and released in 1957 .
Looking for Angelina was a 2005 Canadian drama film based on the murder case involving Angelina Napolitano .
Virtual Sexuality is a 1999 film about a young woman who designs the perfect man at a virtual reality convention , but then an accident occurs causing the man to be brought to life .
Muppets from Space is a 1999 American science fiction comedy film and the sixth feature film to star The Muppets , and the first since the death of Muppets creator Jim Henson to have an original Muppet - focused plot .
April Maze is a 1930 short animated cartoon featuring Felix the Cat .
The Incredible 2-Headed Transplant is a 1971 science fiction / horror film directed by Anthony Lanza .
Rahul 's Arranged Marriage , is a 2005 silent Canadian film directed and produced by Anant Mathur , and is a short film .
Swarnavigraham is a 1974 Indian Malayalam film , directed and produced by Mohan Gandhiraman .
The Miracle Piano Teaching System is a MIDI keyboard / teaching tool created in 1990 by The Software Toolworks for the NES and SNES , Apple Macintosh , Amiga , Sega Genesis and PC .
The End of the River ( 1947 ) is a British film made in Brazil about a South American Indian boy who leaves the jungle to the city , where he is accused of murder .
Jazz in Turkey is a 2013 documentary directed by Batu Akyol .
A Fire in the Sky is a made - for - television disaster movie that debuted on NBC on November 26 , 1978 .
All a Bir - r - r - d is a Warner Bros. Looney Tunes cartoon released in 1950 , featuring Tweety , Sylvester and an unnamed bulldog , who would later become known as Hector the Bulldog .
Band and Battalion of the U.S. Indian School is silent film documentary made on April 30 , 1901 by American Mutoscope and Biograph Company made in Carlisle , Pennsylvania , USA .
Northern Comfort is a 2010 American improvisational film starring Rod Webber and Greta Gerwig .
Hosa Neeru ( Kannada : ಹೊಸ ನೀರು ) is a 1986 Kannada film directed by K. V. Jayaram and is written by K. V. Raju .
A Touch of Grey is a 2009 Canadian dramatic narrative film .
Made in Hungaria is 2009 Hungarian comedy - musical film written by István Tasnádi , Klós Fenyõ and Norbert Köbli and directed by Gergely Fonyó .
Kitten with a Whip is a 1964 crime drama with an exploitative , juvenile delinquent overlay .
Four Fast Guns is a 1960 American Western film directed by William J. Hole Jr. and written by James Edmiston and Dallas Gaultois .
The Impatient Patient is a Warner Bros. Looney Tunes cartoon released in theatres in 1942 , directed by Norman McCabe and features Daffy Duck as a telegram deliverer .
Mangala Muhurta ( Kannada : ಮಂಗಳ ಮುಹೂರ್ತ ) is a 1964 Indian Kannada film , directed by M R Vittal and produced by U Subba Rao .
Sri Lokanath ( 1960 ) is an Odia film directed by Prafulla Sengupta , and based on the story by Aswini Kumar Ghosh .
Buddy 's Day Out is an American animated short film released by Warner Bros. on September 9 , 1933 .
Operation Duryodhana 2 is a 2013 Telugu Political film , produced by AB Srinivas and directed by Nandam Harishchandra Rao .
Stan Lee 's Mutants , Monsters & Marvels is a 2002 American documentary film produced by Creative Light Entertainment consisting of an interview of Marvel Comics publisher Stan Lee by film director Kevin Smith .
Lies and Crimes is a 2007 television film starring Estella Warren , Tamara Hope , James McGowan and Joe MacLeod .
Bad Parents is a 2012 comedy film written and directed by Caytha Jentis and starring Janeane Garofalo .
Pardon My Backfire premiered on August 15 , 1953 with the 3D Columbia western The Stranger Wore a Gun .
Stereoblood ( Russian : Odinochestvo krovi , also released as Solitude of Blood ) is a 2002 Russian thriller film directed by Roman Prygunov .
Pope Dreams , also known as Music for My Mother , is a 2006 film written and directed by Patrick Hogan .
His Birthright is a 1918 American drama film directed by William Worthington for Haworth Pictures Corporation .
Le Paria ( English : The Pariah ) is a French action film from 1969 .
Save KLSD is a 2012 documentary film about the history and effects of media consolidation on democracy in the United States .
Three Steps North is a 1951 Italian--
The Wise Quacking Duck is a 1943 Looney Tunes cartoon released by Warner Bros. on May 1 , 1943 .
Anime Himitsu no Hanazono is an anime series televised from 1991 to 1992 .
American Dreamz is a 2006 comedy / parody film that satirizes both American politics and popular entertainment .
The Homicide Squad is a 1931 American Pre - Code police drama based on a 1928 Henry La Cossitt short story that originally ran in Adventure magazine .
Native Silence is a 2013 documentary short film telling the story of two Native Americans from Minnesota who were taken away from their families at a young age .
Ollie Hopnoodle 's Haven of Bliss ( 1988 ) is a television comedy film written by Jean Shepherd and directed by Dick Bartlett , based on the 1968 short story by Shepherd .
A State of Vine is a 2007 American documentary film about winemaking .
The Bronx Executioner is the English title of the Italian cyborg film , Il Giustiziere del Bronx , released in 1989 .
To Play or to Die ( Dutch : Spelen of Sterven ) is a 1990 Dutch gay - related psychological drama film directed by Frank Krom in his directorial debut and co - written by Krom and Anne van de Putte based on a story by Anna Blaman .
`` Expanding Human '' is an episode of the original The Outer Limits television show , first broadcast on 10 October 1964 , during the second season .
Stolen Sweeties is a 1924 2-reel short comedy silent film directed by Philadelphian director , Benjamin Stoloff .
Mayor Nair is a 1966 Indian Malayalam film , directed by SR Puttanna and produced by PA Thangal .
Pasupathi c / o Rasakkapalayam is a Tamil language film directed by K. Selva Bharathy and released on 5 October 2007 .
Lost Things is a 2004 Australian suspense film about four friends who go away to the beach for the weekend .
Check Man is an arcade game released by Zilec - Zenitone in 1982 .
The Wild Thornberrys Movie is a 2002 American animated adventure comedy - drama film based on the The Wild Thornberrys television series .
Vadacurry is a 2014 Indian Tamil comedy - thriller film written and directed by debutant Saravana Rajan .
The Compulsory Husband is a 1930 British comedy film directed by Monty Banks and Harry Lachman and starring Banks , Lillian Manton and Clifford Heatherley .
Powder Town is a 1942 comedy about an eccentric scientist thrust into danger and romance .
En Purushan Kuzhandhai Maadhiri ( English : My Husband is Like a Child ) is a 2001 Tamil film directed by S. P. Rajkumar .
Searching for the Wrong - Eyed Jesus is a 2003 documentary film starring Jim White .
Consuming Passion is a 2008 British drama which features three interwoven stories celebrating the centenary of the publishing house Mills and Boon .
Life in Park Street is a 2012 Bengali film directed by Raj Mukherjee .
Sati Sulochana ( Kannada : ಸತಿ ಸುಲೋಚನ ) is an 1934 Indian Kannada - language film directed by Y. V. Rao .
It was published in two books , The Wonderful Adventures of Nils in 1906 and Further Adventures of Nils in 1907 .
Come Rain or Shine is a 1992 Australian film about a man who becomes obsessed with a mysterious woman .
Shopaholic Abroad ( also known as Shopaholic Takes Manhattan ) ( 2001 ) is the second in the Shopaholic series .
A Shot in the West is a 2006 low budget short film shot in the rundown council estate of Drumchapel , Glasgow .
Mayanginen Thayanginen is a 2012 Tamil thriller film written and directed by T. S. Vendan , who earlier directed Shaam , Sneha starrer Inba .
Ballistix is a video game created by Martin Edmondson for the Amiga and Atari ST and published by Psyclapse in 1989 .
Who 's Quentin ? is a 2005 Luxembourgish film written and directed by Sacha Bachim .
Flying G - Men is a 15-episode 1939 Columbia Film serial .
Twin Cobra II , released in Japan as Kyukyoku Tiger II ( 究極タイガーII Kyūkyoku Taigā Tsū ) , is a 1996 scrolling shooter developed by Takumi and published by Taito for the arcades .
Juke - Bar is a 1989 stop motion musical animated short about cockroaches who party inside a jukebox .
Do Nambar Ke Amir is a 1974 Bollywood social drama film directed by P.D. Shenoy .
Asterisked works are now considered ' secondary continuity ' -- that is , that their events exist in the continuity of Robotech , but ' do n't count ' when conflicts arise with the primary continuity that comprises the three - part Robotech TV series and 2006 's Robotech :
Jawani Phir Nahi Ani is a 2015 Pakistani adventure comedy film directed by Nadeem Baig and co - produced by Humayun Saeed , Salman Iqbal , Shahzad Nasib and Jarjees Seja under production banner Six Sigma Plus .
My Run is a 2009 documentary film directed and produced by Tim VandeSteeg and produced by Mark Castaldo .
The Happy Elf is a 3D - animated family holiday special , which first aired December 2 , 2005 on the NBC television network in the USA .
The Book of Zombie is a 2010 American independent horror film written by Erik Van Sant and directed by Scott Kragelund , Paul Cranefield and Erik Van Sant .
Mama Ji ( Punjabi : ਮਾਮਾ ਜੀ ) , also spelled incorrectly as Mamaji , is a 1964 Punjabi film directed by Roshan Bhardwaj , produced by Gopal Saigal and S. P. Malhotra , starring Gopal Saigal , Indira Billi in lead roles .
Blades of Courage ( aka Skate ! ) is a 1987 Canadian made - for - television movie written by Suzette Couture and directed by Randy Bradshaw .
The novel first appeared in the February 1890 edition of Lippincott 's Monthly Magazine as The Sign of the Four ; or The Problem of the Sholtos ( five - word title ) , appearing in both London and Philadelphia .
The Gay Marriage Thing is a 2005 documentary film directed by Stephanie Higgins , who is a product of the Emerson College film school graduate program .
Chase Me is a 2003 American direct - to - video animated short film based on the animated series The New Batman Adventures .
The Girls He Left Behind Him and The Iron Clad Lover are two 1910 American silent short comedies produced by the Thanhouser Company .
The Rogue Stallion is a 1990 Australian television film about a wild horse .
The Father Clements Story is a 1987 made - for - television movie about the life of Father George Clements , an African - American Roman Catholic priest who became famous for being the first United States priest to legally adopt a child .
Grid Autosport ( styled as GRID Autosport ) is a racing video game released by Codemasters for Microsoft Windows , PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 on 24 June 2014 in North America and 27 June 2014 in Europe .
Luchakali ( English : Hide and seek ) is an Oriya drama and thriller film released on 30 March 2012 .
Cirkus homo sapiens is the first studio album by Swedish singer / songwriter Nanne Grönvall , released in April 1998 .
NBA Jam Extreme is a 1996 basketball arcade game by Acclaim Entertainment based on the 1996 - -97 NBA season .
Year of the Comet is a 1992 romantic comedy adventure film about the pursuit of the most valuable bottle of wine in history .
Laughing Gravy is a 1931 short film comedy starring Laurel and Hardy .
Passkey to Danger is a 1946 American crime film directed by Lesley Selander and written by O'Leta Rhinehart and William Hagens .
An American Hippie in Israel , also known as Ha - Trempist ( from Hebrew הטרמפיסט , `` The Hitch - hiker '' ) , is a 1972 Israeli metaphorical counter - culture film written and directed by Amos Sefer starring Asher Tzarfati .
Jodorowsky 's Dune is a 2013 American - French documentary film directed by Frank Pavich .
Nightmare LPMud , founded in 1992 , was one of the oldest continually running LPMuds still played until its closure on September 12 , 2005 .
Wills & Burke ( also known as The Wacky World of Wills & Burke and Wills & Burke : The Untold Story ) is a 1985 Australian black comedy film about the Burke and Wills expedition .
Nebeski odred is a 1961 Yugoslav drama film directed by Bosko Boskovic and Ilija Nikolic .
The Storholmen Brothers ( Swedish : Pojkarna på Storholmen ) is a 1932 Swedish black - and - white comedy film .
We 've Never Been Licked ( 1943 ) is a World War II propaganda film produced by Walter Wanger and released by United Artists .
Dharam Kanta is a 1982 Indian Bollywood Action film produced & directed by Sultan Ahmed on Sultan Productions banner .
Third Finger , Left Hand is a 1940 American romantic comedy film .
The Rape of Richard Beck ( also known as Deadly Justice ) is a 1985 American television movie .
`` Sugar Baby Love '' , recorded in autumn 1973 and released in January 1974 , is a bubblegum pop song , and the debut single of the Rubettes .
Mystère au Bout du Monde ( known as Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego ? 3 - New Carmen Adventure in English ) is a French Carmen Sandiego game released on February 18 , 2009 .
Gamma Strike is a set of games originally written for the Commodore 64 and released by Gamesware in 1988 .
Palnati Puli ( English : Tiger of Palnadu ) is a 1984 Telugu , drama film produced by Gogineni Prasad on Sai Chakra Productions banner and directed by Tatineni Prasad .
StreetDance 3D ( also called StreetDance in the non-3D version ) is a 2010 British 3D dance drama film which was released on 21 May 2010 .
El Húsar de la Muerte ( Spanish : The Hussar of the Death ) is a 1925 Chilean silent film movie .
Goofy Groceries is an animated short film in Warner Bros. ' Merrie Melodies cartoon series , originally released on March 29 , 1941 and re - issued into the `` Blue Ribbon Classics '' series on April 19 , 1947 .
Yuddham ( English : Conflict ) is a 2014 Telugu , drama film directed by Bharathi Ganesh .
In 2004 a film adaptation , Erik of het klein insectenboek , was made by director Gidi van Liempd .
Relaks , It 's Just Pag - Ibig ( English : Relax , It 's Just Love ) is a 2014 Filipino romantic comedy film starring Iñigo Pascual , Julian Estrada , and Sofia Andres .
Look What I Found ! is a 1980 Sesame Street storybook .
Papa , Can You Hear Me Sing ( Chinese : 搭錯車 ) is a 1983 Taiwanese musical film directed by Yu Kanping ( 虞戡平 ) starring Sun Yueh ( 孫越 ) and Linda Liu ( 劉瑞琪 ) .
Pre - Hysterical Hare is a 1958 Looney Tunes cartoon by Warner Bros. featuring Bugs Bunny and Elmer Fudd ( known in this cartoon as Elmer Fuddstone ) .
Daffy Duck for President is a children 's book , published by Warner Bros. and the United States Postal Service in 1997 to coincide with the release of the first Bugs Bunny U.S. postage stamp .
King of Texas is a 2002 American television film based on William Shakespeare 's King Lear and directed by Uli Edel .
Pelicanman ( Finnish : Pelikaanimies ) is a 2004 Finnish fantasy film .
On 28 August 2013 , Ubisoft announced on the Rayman Legends site that the European PlayStation Vita Version has been delayed to 12 September 2013 to apply the `` final level of polish '' players expect from a Rayman game .
Falcon Song is a 2014 Contemporary Western film written and directed by Jason Corgan Brown .
The Adventures of Rad Gravity is a video game for the Nintendo Entertainment System developed by Interplay and published by Activision in 1990 .
Culpa Innata ( Latin : Innate Sin or Innate Fault ) is a third person point - and - click adventure game developed by Turkish company Momentum AS and published by Strategy First .
The Journal of Musicology is a quarterly peer - reviewed academic journal of musicology published by University of California Press .
Kao the Kangaroo is an action - adventure video game released in 2000 by Tate Interactive .
Wave Rally , also known as Jet Ski Riders , is a 2001 Jet Ski racing game developed by Opus Studio Inc. and published by Eidos Interactive exclusively for the PlayStation 2 .
American Fairy Tales is the title of a collection of twelve fantasy stories by L. Frank Baum , published in 1901 by the George M. Hill Company , the firm that issued The Wonderful Wizard of Oz the previous year .
Elven Legacy is a turn - based strategy video game developed by 1C : Ino - Co and published by Paradox Interactive .
Come Back for More , by American novelist Al Fray , was published in 1958 as a Dell ( paperback ) First Edition .
Materials Chemistry and Physics ( including Materials Science Communications ) is a peer - reviewed scientific journal published 18 times per year by Elsevier .
Infinite Dimensional Analysis , Quantum Probability and Related Topics is a quarterly peer - reviewed scientific journal published since 1998 by World Scientific .
Science Signaling is a peer - reviewed scientific journal that is published weekly by the American Association for the Advancement of Science ( AAAS ) .
The Dragon of the Ishtar Gate is a historical novel by L. Sprague de Camp , first published in hardcover by Doubleday in 1961 , and in paperback by Lancer Books in 1968 .
Virology Journal is an open - access peer - reviewed medical journal published by BioMed Central .
Representations is an interdisciplinary journal in the humanities published quarterly by the University of California Press .
Trick'N Snowboarder , known in Japan as Tricky Sliders ( Japanese : トリッキースライダーズ Hepburn : Torikkī Suraidāzu ) , is a snowboarding sports video game published by Capcom in 1999 .
Mile High Pinball is a late 2005 pinball video game developed by Ideaworks3D and published by Nokia for the Nokia N - Gage .
Mammal Review is a zoology journal published by Wiley - Blackwell on behalf of The Mammal Society , covering all areas of mammalian biology and ecology .
Philosophia Christi is a biannual peer - reviewed academic journal published by the Evangelical Philosophical Society with the support of Biola University .
Steel Horizon is a turn - based strategy game published by Konami for the Sony PlayStation Portable and Nintendo DS . It was released in March 2007 in the United States .
Ape and Essence ( 1948 ) is a novel by Aldous Huxley , published by Chatto & Windus in the UK and Harper & Brothers in the US .
USAAF Mustang is a horizontally scrolling shoot 'em up arcade game originally developed by NMK , and published by UPL in 1990 .
He first appeared in the book Trueman Bradley - Aspie Detective , a novel written by Alexei Maxim Russell and published in 2011 by Jessica Kingsley Publishers .
They Fight Like Soldiers , They Die Like Children was first published in Canada in 2010 by Random House , and in Great Britain in 2010 by Hutchinson .
The Revista Ideas y Valores is an academic journal of philosophy edited and published by the National University of Colombia .
The Story of Wizball II which was also released by Ocean Software .
Midnight Voices is a thriller horror novel by John Saul , published by Ballantine Books on May 28 , 2002 .
Black Projects , White Knights is a collection of short stories written by Kage Baker and published by small - press science fiction publisher Golden Gryphon Press , assembling various short stories set in the universe of The Company series , which comprises the bulk of her published fiction .
Running Before the Wind is a young adult novel by American writer Linda Woolverton , published in 1987 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt .
Yoshi 's Story , released in Japan as Yoshi Story ( ヨッシーストーリー Yosshī Sutōrī ) , is a side - scrolling platform game , published and developed by Nintendo for the Nintendo 64 .
Learning the vi and Vim Editors , is a tutorial book for the vi and vim text editors written by Arnold Robbins , Elbert Hannah , and Linda Lamb and published by O'Reilly Media .
N+ is the console and handheld version of the game originally made for systems powering Adobe Flash , N , which was developed by Metanet Software .
The New International Encyclopedia was an American encyclopedia first published in 1902 by Dodd , Mead and Company .
Accounting Perspectives ( French : Perspectives comptables ) is a peer - reviewed academic journal published by Wiley - Blackwell on behalf of The Canadian Academic Accounting Association .
Families , Systems and Health is a peer - reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association on behalf of the Collaborative Family Healthcare Association .
Released in 2007 , Death to Spies ( Russian : Смерть шпионам ) is a stealth third - person shooter PC game set in World War II and produced by 1C Company and Haggard Games .
The Oxford Literary Review is now published twice yearly by Edinburgh University Press in July and December .
Harley - Davidson & L.A. Riders ( known as ハーレーダビッドソン&L.A.ライダーズ in Japan ) is a Sega arcade game developed by AM1 and released in 1997 .
God 's Spy by Juan Gómez - Jurado Hardcover - ISBN 0 - 525 - 94994 - 1 ( First edition , April 5 , 2007 ) published by Dutton ( a Penguin Group imprint )
The Misfortunes of Mr. Teal is a collection of three mystery novellas by Leslie Charteris , first published in the United Kingdom in May 1934 by Hodder and Stoughton and the United States by The Crime Club .
The Base Mérimée is the French database of monuments listed as having national significance in history , architecture or art . It was created in 1978 , and placed online in 1995 , by the French Ministry of Culture , division of architectural heritage .
Since 1989 , Ploughshares has been based at Emerson College in the heart of Boston .
Arkiv för nordisk filologi , also spelt Arkiv for nordisk filologi , is an annual academic journal of Old Norse and older Scandinavian studies , published by Lund University .
Barry McGuigan World Championship Boxing is a British 1985 computer game for 8-bit home computers released by Activision and later re - released by Mastertronic for the Amstrad CPC , Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum .
TNN Motorsports Hardcore Heat ( バギーヒート Buggy Heat in Japan and Europe ) is an off - road racing video game for the Dreamcast , developed by CRI and published in the USA by ASC Games .
Brian Lara Cricket was released on the PC in 1994 for DOS and Sega Mega Drive and Amiga in 1995 by Codemasters .
The World Atlas of Wine by Hugh Johnson and ( since 2003 ) Jancis Robinson , MW , is an atlas and reference work on the world of wine , published by Mitchell Beazley .
Tass Times in Tonetown is a 1986 adventure - themed computer game by Activision for multiple computer platforms .
Vampire Science is the second novel in the BBC Books series , the Eighth Doctor Adventures , based upon the BBC 's long - running science fiction television series , Doctor Who .
Mario Pinball Land , known internationally as Super Mario Ball ( スーパーマリオボール Sūpā Mario Bōru ) , is a pinball video game that was developed by Fuse Games and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy Advance and released in 2004 .
Can You Feel Anything When I Do This ? is a collection of science fiction short stories by American writer Robert Sheckley , published in December 1971 by Doubleday .
The Space Vampires is a British science fiction horror novel written by author Colin Wilson , and first published in England and the United States by Random House in 1976 .
Tampa Review is a literary magazine produced at The University of Tampa in Tampa , Florida .
British Journal of Educational Psychology is a quarterly peer - reviewed academic journal published by Wiley - Blackwell on behalf of the British Psychological Society .
Conceiving Ada is a 1997 film produced , written , and directed by Lynn Hershman Leeson .
Mahasankatey Shonku ( Shonku in Deep Peril ) is a Professor Shonku series book written by Satyajit Ray and published by Ananda Publishers in 1977 .
`` The LSD Story '' is an episode of the Dragnet television series that appeared on the NBC network on January 12 , 1967 .
`` Angry Andy '' is the twenty - first episode of the eighth season of the American comedy television series The Office .
Rhapsody Rabbit is a 1946 Merrie Melodies animated short subject , featuring Bugs Bunny and directed by Friz Freleng .
Knights of Madness is the third episode of the ninth series of the British comedy series Dad 's Army that was originally transmitted on 16 October 1977 .
The Alfa Romeo MiTo ( Type 955 ) is a three - door supermini officially introduced on June 19 , 2008 , at Castello Sforzesco in Milan , Italy with an international introduction at the British Motor Show in 2008 .
Carry On , Hawkeye was the 35th episode of the M*A*S*H television series , and eleventh of season two .
`` The Heart Attack '' is the eighth episode of the second season of NBC 's Seinfeld , and the show 's 13th episode overall .
Persistence of Memory is the tenth novel by American teen author Amelia Atwater - Rhodes and is the fifth novel in her Den of Shadows series .
Ashokavadana is one of the avadana texts contained in the Divyavadana ( `` Divine Narrative '' ) , an anthology of several Buddhist legends and narratives .
`` Enter Mr. DiMaggio '' is the third episode of the American television series , Smash .
Blades of the Tiger is a fantasy novel set in the Dragonlance setting , based on the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role - playing game .
A Buyer 's Market is the second novel in Anthony Powell 's twelve - novel series , A Dance to the Music of Time .
Sous le ciel de l'Ouest is a Lucky Luke comic by Morris , it was the fourth album in the series and was printed by Dupuis in 1952 .
Dream Me a Life is the fortieth episode ( the fifth episode of the third season ) of the television revival series The Twilight Zone .
A Man of Action is the second episode of the seventh British comedy series Dad 's Army that was originally transmitted on Friday 22 November 1974 .
`` The Adventure of the Cardboard Box '' was not published in the first British edition of The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes , but it was published in the first Chinese edition , though it was quickly removed because of its controversial subject matter .
Use of Weapons is a science fiction novel by Scottish writer Iain M. Banks , first published in 1990 as the third novel in the Culture series .
`` Stench and Stenchibility '' is the twenty - fifth episode of the seventh season of the animated sitcom Futurama .
`` The Exploding Meatball Sub '' is the 20th episode of the sixth season of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother and the 132nd episode overall .
`` Fathers and Suns '' is the second episode of science fiction sitcom Red Dwarf series X , originally broadcast on the British television channel Dave on 11 October 2012 .
`` Subject 9 '' is the fourth episode of the fourth season of the Fox science fiction drama television series Fringe , and the series 69th episode overall .
Shadows Over Baker Street is an anthology of stories , each by a different author and each concerning an exploit of Arthur Conan Doyle 's Sherlock Holmes set against the backdrop of H. P. Lovecraft 's Cthulhu Mythos .
Of the City of the Saved ... is an original novel by Philip Purser - Hallard set in the Faction Paradox universe .
`` The Old Wagon '' is the second season premiere of the American sitcom Modern Family and the 25th episode overall .
`` Carpe Museum '' is the 22nd episode of the third season of the animated comedy series Bob 's Burgers and the overall 44th episode , and is written by Jon Schroeder and directed by Tyree Dillihay .
`` Subject 13 '' is the 15th episode of the third season of the American science fiction drama television series Fringe , and the 58th episode overall .
`` Something Wicca This Way Comes '' is the first episode of the television series Charmed , which was broadcast on The WB on October 7 , 1998 .
`` O Biclops , Where Art Thou ? '' is the fourth episode of the first season of the comedic sword and sorcery series Kröd Mändoon and the Flaming Sword of Fire .
`` Sworn to the Sword '' is the sixth episode of the second season of American animated television series Steven Universe , which premiered on June 15 , 2015 on Cartoon Network .
A Mind to Murder ( 1963 ) is a crime novel by P. D. James , the second in her Adam Dalgliesh series .
`` A Touch of Glass '' is an episode of the BBC sit - com , Only Fools and Horses , first screened on 2 December 1982 as the final episode of series 2 .
`` Petra - Gate '' is the 20th episode from the dramedy series Ugly Betty , which aired on April 26 , 2007 .
Dead Pigeon on Beethoven Street ( Tote Taube in der Beethovenstraße ) is episode 25 , season 1 , of Tatort , a 1974 German language police procedural television program , directed by Samuel Fuller .
The Lady of the Sorrows is the second book in The Bitterbynde Trilogy .
A Substantial Gift ( The Broken Promise ) is the first episode of the television series Police Squad!.
`` Vienen '' is the eighteenth episode of the eighth season of the American science fiction television series The X - Files , and is the 179th episode overall .
The Deadly Attachment is the first episode of the sixth series of the British television sitcom Dad 's Army which was originally transmitted on Wednesday 31 October 1973 .
`` Trust No 1 '' is the sixth episode of the ninth season of the American science fiction television series The X - Files .
The Saint and the Fiction Makers ( some editions use the hyphenated form `` Fiction - Makers '' ) is the title of a 1968 mystery novel featuring the character of Simon Templar , alias `` The Saint '' .
Should n't You Be in School ? is the third book in Lemony Snicket 's children 's series All the Wrong Questions .
Conan of the Isles is a fantasy novel written by L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter featuring Robert E. Howard 's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian .
The Wise Little Hen is a Walt Disney 's Silly Symphonies cartoon , based on the fairy tale The Little Red Hen .
`` Mole Hunt '' is the pilot episode of the animated comedy Archer .
`` My Own American Girl '' is the season three premiere and 47th episode overall of the American sitcom Scrubs .
Within a week of the episode 's original broadcast , two deleted scenes from `` Greg Pikitis '' were made available on the official Parks and Recreation website .
The Commodore ( published 1945 ) is a Horatio Hornblower novel written by C. S. Forester .
`` Free Willzyx '' ( /ˈwɪlziæk/ WIL - zee - ak ) is the thirteenth episode in the ninth season of the animated television series South Park .
`` Treehouse of Horror XIII '' is the first episode of The Simpsons ' fourteenth season , as well as the thirteenth Halloween episode .
`` One Arrest '' is the seventh episode of the first season of the HBO original series , The Wire ( 2002 - 2008 ) .
En direct de la gaffe , written and drawn by Franquin and Delporte , is an album of the original Gaston Lagaffe series , numbered R4 .
The Nikon Coolpix S1000pj is a compact digital camera manufactured by Nikon released in September 2009 as part of the Nikon Coolpix series .
`` All the Presidents ' Heads '' is the twenty - third episode of the sixth season of the animated sitcom Futurama , and originally aired July 28 , 2011 on Comedy Central .
`` The Captain 's Hand '' is the seventeenth episode of the second season of the reimagined Battlestar Galactica television series .
City of Ashes is the second installment in The Mortal Instruments series , an urban fantasy series set in New York written by Cassandra Clare .
Luna 24 was an unmanned space mission of the Soviet Union 's Luna programme .
`` Mr. Bevis '' is episode thirty - three of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone .
And Then You Die is a novel by Michael Dibdin , and is the eighth entry in the popular Aurelio Zen series .
`` Cafe Disco '' is the twenty - seventh episode of the fifth season of the American comedy television series The Office , and the 99th overall episode of the series .
Carmen Get It ! is a Tom and Jerry animated short film , released on December 21 , 1962 .
Histoire de la grandeur et de la décadence de César Birotteau or César Birotteau , is an 1837 novel by Honoré de Balzac as part of his series La Comédie humaine .
`` Something Wall - Mart This Way Comes '' is the ninth episode of the eighth season of the American animated television series South Park , and the 120th episode of the series overall .
`` One Little Ship '' is the 138th episode of the television series Star Trek : Deep Space Nine .
A Rising Thunder by David Weber , released on March 6 , 2012 by Baen Books , is the thirteenth novel set in the Honorverse in the main Honor Harrington series .
Black Atlantic is an original novel written by Simon Jowett and Peter J. Evans , and based on the long - running British science fiction comic strip Judge Dredd .
Wall of Serpents is a collection of two classic fantasy short stories by science fiction and fantasy authors L. Sprague de Camp and Fletcher Pratt , the third volume in their Harold Shea series .
`` Last Lunch '' is the thirteenth episode of the seventh season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock , the 138th overall episode , and the second part of the one - hour series finale .
`` A Desperate Man '' is the 13th episode of the ninth season of the American crime drama television series NCIS , and the 199th episode overall .
`` The Fisherman and the Jinni '' is the second top - level story told by Sheherazade in the One Thousand and One Nights .
`` Guess What 's Coming to Dinner ? '' is the ninth episode in the fourth season of the re - imagined Battlestar Galactica .
Chloe Butler is a female rugby union player and former Gridiron football player .
The Coppa dell'Amicizia ( Cup of Friendship ) was a summer association football friendly tournament for clubs and nations , which were held in a friendly in the time frame between 1959 and 1968 .
Milan Rašić ( Serbian : Милан Рашић born February 2 , 1985 in Niš , SR Serbia , Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian volleyball player .
The 2004 Kroger St. Jude International and the Cellular South Cup were tennis tournaments played on indoor hard courts at the Racquet Club of Memphis in Memphis , Tennessee in the United States that were part of the International Series Gold of the 2004 ATP Tour and of Tier III of the 2004 WTA Tour .
The NWA Texas Heavyweight Championship is a professional wrestling title that has existed since the 1930s .
2013 Gastein Ladies is the 2013 edition of the clay court tennis tournament Gastein Ladies .
Massimo Masini ( born 9 May 1945 ) is a former Italian basketball player and coach .
The 2004 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at Ahoy Rotterdam in the Netherlands .
Carole Caldwell Graebner ( June 24 , 1943 -- November 19 , 2008 ) was an American tennis player .
Ljubica Drljača ( Serbian Cyrillic : Љубица Дрљача , born August 4 , 1978 in Novi Sad , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian basketball coach and former basketball player .
The 1969 U.S. Pro Tennis Championships was a men 's professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts ( Uni - turf ) at the Longwood Cricket Club in Boston , USA .
Jelena Genčić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јелена Генчић , pronounced ( jɛ̌lɛna ɡɛ̌nt͡ʃit͡ɕ ) , born 9 October 1936 in Belgrade , Kingdom of Yugoslavia , died 1 June 2013 in Belgrade , Serbia ) was a Serbian tennis and handball player and coach .
The Armenia national korfball team is managed by the Korfball Federation of Armenia ( KFA ) , representing Armenia in korfball international competitions .
Cricket Coaching School is a team that played List A cricket in the Dhaka Premier League in 2013 - 14 .
Sergei Pushkov ( born 24 February 1964 ) is a retired ice hockey player who played in the Soviet Hockey League .
Bobby Cheng ( born 20 March 1997 in Auckland , New Zealand ) is an Australian chess champion , former U12 World Champion and two - time Australian Junior Player of the Year .
Lufthansa SG Berlin was a German association football club based in the Schöneberg district of Berlin .
Ignacy Tłoczyński ( Polish pronunciation : ( iɡˈnat͡sɨ twɔˈt͡ʂɨȷ̃skʲi ) ; 14 July 1911 -- 25 December 2000 ) was a Polish tennis player , coach and World War II veteran .
The 2010 Malaysian Open ( also known as the 2010 Proton Malaysian Open for sponsorship reasons ) was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts .
The 1983 Monte Carlo Open ( also known as the Jacomo Monte Carlo Open for sponsorship reasons ) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Monte Carlo Country Club in Monte Carlo , Monaco that was part of the 1983 Volvo Grand Prix .
`` The Power of Four '' is a joint anthem composed for the British and Irish Lions rugby union team .
Joseph Gilbert Yvon Jean Ratelle ( born October 3 , 1940 ) is a former Canadian ice hockey player and a member of the Hockey Hall of Fame .
The 2013 FIBA Africa Women 's Clubs Champions Cup ( 19th edition ) , was an international basketball tournament held in Meknes , Morocco , from November 22 to 29 , 2013 .
Tony Fairley is an American former basketball player .
The Danny Thomas - Diplomat Classic was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour that played from December 4 - 7 , 1969 at south Florida 's Diplomat Presidential Country Club located between Miami and Fort Lauderdale .
The European Women 's Handball Championship is the official competition for senior women 's national handball teams of Europe , and takes place every two years .
The Irish American Football League ( IAFL ) is an amateur American football league in Ireland .
KK Zadar is a Croatian professional basketball team from the city of Zadar playing in the Croatian League and ABA League .
Keijuro Matsui ( popularly known as KJ ) ( born October 16 , 1985 ) was a guard for the Columbia Lions basketball team at Columbia University .
Although originally conceived as a rugby union club , Obras Sanitarias is mostly known for its basketball team , which currently plays in the Liga Nacional de Básquet , the first division of the Argentine basketball league system .
The Nepean Raiders are a Canadian Junior ice hockey team from Nepean , Ontario , Canada .
Igors Rausis ( born April 7 , 1961 , in Komunarsk , SSSR ) is a Latvian chess grandmaster .
The Euro Hockey League is an annual men 's field hockey cup competition organised by the EHF for the very top hockey clubs in Europe .
The NH Collection Open was a one - off golf tournament dual - ranked by the European Tour and the Challenge Tour .
Russell Hinder ( born 10 July 1979 ) is an Australian former professional basketball player who played 13 seasons in the NBL .
Zhou Lansun ( Chinese : 周兰荪 ; Wade -- Giles : Chou Lan - sun ; 23 January 1939 -- 2000 ) was a Chinese table tennis player and coach .
Two senior members of Seigokan took important roles in continental and world karate affairs .
The UCI Cyclo - cross World Championships - Men 's Under-23 Cyclo - cross is the annual world championship for in the discipline of cyclo - cross for men aged 23 or under , organised by the world governing body , the Union Cycliste Internationale .
Gilles Simon ( French pronunciation : ​(ʒil si.mɔ̃ ) ; born 27 December 1984 ) is a French professional tennis player and a former world no . 6 .
Dominique Bosshart ( born October 7 , 1977 in Morges , Vaud , Switzerland ) is a Canadian taekwondo athlete .
Matjaž Smodiš ( born December 13 , 1979 ) is a Slovenian former professional basketball player .
Garth Gerhart ( born October 21 , 1988 ) is an American football Center for the Cleveland Browns of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Ned Haig ( 7 December 1858 in Jedburgh , Scotland -- 28 March 1939 in Melrose , Scotland , buried in Wairds Cemetery , Melrose , Scotland ) was a butcher and rugby union player notable for founding the sport of rugby sevens .
Veljko Mršić ( born April 13 , 1971 ) is a Croatian retired professional basketball player and basketball coach .
Telford Raiders ARLFC are a rugby league club based in the town of Telford in Shropshire , England .
Brighton Bears was a British basketball team based in Brighton , Sussex .
The 1993 Piruetten was the Piruetten competition of the 1993 - -1994 figure skating season and a senior - level competition .
The 1998 DFS Classic was a tennis tournament played on grass courts at the Edgbaston Priory Club in Birmingham in England that was part of Tier III of the 1998 WTA Tour .
Ömer Ünver ( born 26 July 1981 in Afyon , Turkey ) is a Turkish professional basketball player for Beşiktaş Cola Turka and has great 3pt - shooting skills .
Dušan Kecman ( Serbian Cyrillic : Душан Кецман ; born November 6 , 1977 ) is a Serbian professional basketball coach and former player .
İnanç Koç ( born February 9 , 1979 ) is a Turkish professional basketball player who currently plays in Pınar Karşıyaka of the Turkish Basketball League .
The 2005 Helvetia Cup or 2005 European B Team Championships in badminton was held from January 19 to January 23 in Agros , Cyprus .
The Milwaukee Clarks were a professional ice hockey team in Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
Vereniki Sauturaga Racagi ( born Suva , 18 November 1982 ) is a Fijian rugby union player .
Saman Veisi ( Persian : سامان ویسی ‎ , born August 7 , 1982 in Sanandaj , Iran ) is an Iranian professional basketball player .
Taimara Suero Coronado ( born December 21 , 1979 in Havana ) is a women 's basketball player from Cuba .
Josh Valentine ( born 22 February 1983 in Newcastle in New South Wales ) is an Australian rugby union footballer .
Blaž Mahkovic ( born March 21 , 1990 in Kranj , Slovenia ) is a Slovenian professional basketball player for Union Olimpija of the Slovenian League .
The NBA Development League , or NBA D - League , is the National Basketball Association 's official minor league basketball organization .
The 2010 Copa Telmex was a men 's tennis tournament played on blue fires .
Jadeveon Clowney ( pronounced jə - DEH - vee - on CLOW - nee ; born February 14 , 1993 ) is an American football outside linebacker for the Houston Texans of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
The 2009 Commonwealth Bank Tournament of Champions was a singles - only tennis tournament that was played on indoor hard courts .
The 2007 FFSA Premier League was the second edition of the FFSA Premier League as the second level domestic association football competition in South Australia .
Samantha Richards ( born 24 February 1983 ) is an Australian basketball guard from Melbourne , Victoria who played her junior basketball in Nunawading .
The 1985 Atlanta AT&T Challenge of Champions was a tennis tournament in 1985 .
Andrea Giani ( born April 22 , 1970 in Naples ) is an Italian coach and retired volleyball player who scored notable successes in the 1990s , winning three World Championships with his national team .
Glen Grunwald ( born June 13 , 1958 ) is an attorney and basketball executive who currently serves as director of athletics for McMaster University in Hamilton , Ontario .
The 1999 Challenge Tour was a series of golf tournaments known as the Challenge Tour , the official development tour run by the PGA European Tour .
The normal hill jumping and Nordic combined for the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 1966 and FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 1982 were held in Midtstubakken , as will they be for the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 .
Zbigniew Zarzycki ( born 12 March 1948 ) is a former Polish volleyball player , a member of Poland men 's national volleyball team in 1968 - 1976 , Olympic Champion 1976 , World Champion 1974 .
Oulun Kärpät ( Finnish for Oulu Ermines ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey team in the Liiga based in Oulu and owned by Kärppä Säätiö of the Kärppä Foundation .
The 2002 Women 's Six Nations Championship was the first series of the rugby union Women 's Six Nations Championship and was won by France , who achieved the Grand Slam .
KK Mašinac is a Serbian basketball club from Kraljevo , Serbia .
The 1970 New South Wales Open , also known by its sponsored name Dunlop Open , was a combined men 's and women 's tennis tournament played on outdoor grass courts at the White City Stadium in Sydney , Australia .
The Toowoomba Fillies was founded in 2004 Toowoomba Fillies Women 's Rugby League Club are an Australian professional Women 's rugby league football team based in Toowoomba , a City in South East Queensland west of Queensland 's capital city , Brisbane .
The 2015 FIBA Asia Women 's Championship was the qualifying tournament for FIBA Asia at the women 's basketball tournament at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
Henry Josey ( born September 25 , 1991 ) is an American football running back who is currently a member of the Toronto Argonauts in the Canadian Football League ( CFL ) .
The 2013 ATP World Tour Finals , also known as the 2013 Barclays ATP World Tour Finals for sponsorship reasons , was a men 's tennis tournament that was played on indoor hard courts at the O2 Arena in London , United Kingdom , between 4 and 11 November 2013 .
Mandy Marchak ( b. November 24 , 1984 ) is a Canadian rugby union player .
The 2015 Men 's EuroHockey Nations Championship was the 15th edition of the EuroHockey Nations Championship field hockey championship for men .
Clark Graebner ( born November 4 , 1943 , in Cleveland , Ohio ) , is a retired American professional tennis player .
The AT&T Canada Senior Open Championship was a golf tournament on the Champions Tour from 1981 to 1985 and 1996 to 2002 .
The 2010 FIBA Africa Under-18 Championship for Women was the 11th FIBA Africa Under-18 Championship for Women , played under the rules of FIBA , the world governing body for basketball , and the FIBA Africa thereof .
LSV Pütnitz was a short - lived German association football club from the district of Pütnitz in Ribnitz - Damgarten , Mecklenburg - Vorpommern .
Grupo Sportivo Libertas Trogylos Basket , a.k.a . Acer ERG Priolo for sponsorship reasons , is an Italian women 's basketball club from Priolo Gargallo .
The 2014 Men 's Pan - American Volleyball Cup was the ninth edition of the annual men 's volleyball tournament , played by nine countries .
Zdenko Kožul ( born 21 May 1966 ) is a Croatian chess chess grandmaster and was the 2006 European champion .
The Montreal Jazz ( French : Jazz de Montréal ) were a Canadian professional basketball team based in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
The Chicago Bears are a professional American football team in Chicago , Illinois .
The 1980 SANFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football competition .
The FIFA U-17 Women 's World Cup is an international association football tournament for female players under the age of 17 .
The Hope Race or Hope Sled Dog Race is a defunct international sled dog race between Nome , Alaska and Anadyr , Russia , across the Bering Strait .
Dragoljub Velimirović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Драгољуб Велимировић ; 12 May 1942 -- 22 May 2014 ) was a Serbian ( formerly Yugoslav ) chess grandmaster , born in Valjevo .
Robbie Koenig ( born 5 July 1971 ) is a retired professional tennis player from South Africa who is now a tennis commentator and analyst .
The 1986 Fujifilm Trophy was the Fujifilm Trophy competition of the 1986 - -1987 figure skating season and a senior - level international invitational competition .
Ruder Tennis Hockey Club Bayer Leverkusen ( RTHC Bayer Leverkusen e . V. ) is a German rowing , field hockey and tennis club , one of the projects supported by Bayer 04 Leverkusen and Bayer AG and with 2500 members is one of the largest sports clubs in Leverkusen .
The Everett Silvertips are an American major junior ice hockey team currently members of the U.S. Division in the Western Conference of the Western Hockey League ( WHL ) .
Bristol Flyers are a basketball team from the city of Bristol , England .
Jon Collins is a former American basketball player who is best known for his collegiate career at Eastern Illinois University between 1982 - -83 and 1985 - -86 .
The 1998 AXA League was the thirtieth competing of English cricket 's Sunday League .
Manu Juhani Tamminen ( born May 26 , 1950 in Turku , Finland ) is a Finnish retired professional ice hockey player who played in the SM - liiga and World Hockey Association .
Tuukka Kotti ( born 18 March 1981 ) is a Finnish professional basketball player for the Nilan Bisons in the Finnish basketball league Korisliiga .
The Long Island Cougars were a minor league professional ice hockey team that played at the Long Island Arena in Commack , New York , from 1973 to 1975 .
Fragiskos Alvertis ( in ) ( born June 11 , 1974 ) is a Greek former professional basketball player and current team manager of Panathinaikos Athens .
The Derby County Baseball Club was a short - lived baseball club in Derby , England that played baseball until 1898 when football became the dominant sport .
The 1985 Virginia Slims of Washington , also known as the `` VS of Washington , '' was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts in Washington , D.C. in the United States .
Peter Blangé ( born 9 December 1964 in Voorburg , South Holland ) is a retired volleyball player from the Netherlands , who represented his native country in four consecutive Summer Olympics , starting in 1988 in Seoul , South Korea .
Olympique Antibes Juan - les - Pins Côte d'Azur , or OAJLP , or Antibes Sharks , is a basketball club from the city of Antibes , France .
Alexis Ajinça ( French pronunciation : ​(alɛksi aʒɛ̃sa ) ; born May 6 , 1988 ) is a French professional basketball player for the New Orleans Pelicans of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) .
The Lehigh Valley Phantoms are a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League ( AHL ) , whose inaugural season started in the 2014 - -15 AHL season when the Adirondack Phantoms moved from Glens Falls , New York to Allentown , Pennsylvania .
The Seattle Thunderbirds are a major junior ice hockey team based in the city of Kent , a city south of Seattle , Washington .
Franz Pachl ( born January 8 , 1951 in Ludwigshafen am Rhein ) is a Germany grandmaster of the FIDE for chess compositions .
Jan Bašný ( born 29 January 1963 ) is a Czech handball coach for the Czech women 's national team .
The 2010 World Junior Baseball Championship was an international baseball competition being held at the Port Arthur Stadium and Central Ball Park in Thunder Bay , Ontario , Canada from July 23 to August 1 , 2010 .
Milon B.C. or Milonas B.C. ( Greek : Μίλων ) is a professional basketball team that is based in Nea Smyrni , Greece .
Libro de la invencion liberal y arte del juego del axedrez ( translation : Book of the liberal invention and art of the game of chess ) is one of the first books published about modern chess in Europe , after Pedro Damiano 's 1512 book .
Christina Singer - Bath ( born 27 July 1968 ) is a German former international tennis player .
Scottish Premiership Division Two is one of Scotland 's national rugby union league divisions , and therefore part of the Scottish League Championship - being the middle division in the Scottish Premiership .
Eros Riccio ( December 1 , 1977 , Lucca ) is an Italian International Correspondence Chess Grandmaster , Freestyle Chess Champion and chess opening book author .
The Victory Tests were a series of cricket matches played in England from 19 May to 22 August 1945 , between a combined Australian Services XI and an English national side .
Kerby Rychel ( born October 7 , 1994 ) is an American - born Canadian professional ice hockey player .
Daniela Castrignano ( born December 11 , 1980 , in Lecco ) is an Italian taekwondo practitioner , who competed in the women 's heavyweight category .
Boys ' Town Cricket Club is a cricket club based in the Trenchtown neighbourhood of Kingston , Jamaica .
Khalid Jamil ( born 21 April 1977 ) is an Indian association football manager and former player , who made seven appearances for the India national football team .
The Ed Chynoweth Cup is an ice hockey club championship trophy awarded to the playoff champion of the Western Hockey League ( WHL ) .
The 2013 Copa Centroamericana was the 12th Copa Centroamericana , the regional championship for men 's national association football teams in Central America .
The Air Indiana Flight 216 crash occurred on December 13 , 1977 , at 19:22 CST , when a Douglas DC-3 , registration N51071 carrying the University of Evansville basketball team , crashed on takeoff at the Evansville Regional Airport in Evansville , Indiana .
The Australian National Track Championships are held annually and are composed of competitions of various track cycling disciplines across various age , gender and disability categories .
The Yugoslav Ice Hockey League was the top ice hockey league in the old Yugoslavia .
FIBA Saporta Cup was the name of the second - tier level European professional club basketball competition , where the National Cup winners from all over Europe played against each other .
Dana Jones ( born 1972 ) , is a retired American basketball player .
The 1989 PBA Open Conference Finals was the best - of-7 series basketball championship of the 1989 PBA Open Conference , and the conclusion of the conference 's playoffs .
Ion Țiriac ( Romanian pronunciation : ( iˈon t͡siriˈak ) ; born 9 May 1939 ) , also known as the ' Brasov Bulldozer ' is a Romanian businessman and former professional tennis and ice hockey player .
Shortstop , abbreviated SS , is the baseball or softball fielding position between second and third base , which is considered to be among the most demanding defensive positions .
Julian Savea ( born 7 August 1990 ) is a New Zealand rugby union player .
The 2002 MAC Men 's Basketball Tournament , a part of the 2001 - -02 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season , took place at Gund Arena in Cleveland , Ohio .
Aleš Hemský ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈalɛʃ ˈɦɛmskiː ) , born 13 August 1983 ) is a Czech professional ice hockey player currently playing for the Dallas Stars of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Dalum IF is a Danish association football club currently playing in the Danish 2nd Division pool 2 .
The Dreamland Egypt Classic is a defunct WTA Tour affiliated tennis tournament played in 1999 .
The England and Wales Cricket Board ( ECB ) is the governing body of cricket in England and Wales .
Tan Lian Ann ( born 8 September 1947 ) is a Singapore chess master .
Cole Stoudt ( born October 23 , 1992 ) is an American football college coach and former player .
The Uruguayan Immortal is a game of chess played in the 1943 Uruguayan Chess Championship between B. Molinari and Luis Roux Cabral .
The 2013 Florida State Seminoles football team , variously Florida State or FSU , represented Florida State University in the sport of American football during the 2013 NCAA Division I FBS college football season .
The Association of Chess Professionals ( ACP ) is a non - profit organisation which aims to protect the rights of professional chess players ' , address their concerns and to promote chess worldwide through the organisation of high - level chess tournaments and maintaining a ranking system of the top professionals ( see The ACP Tour ) .
The 2013 IFAF Women 's World Championship was the second IFAF Women 's World Championship , a American football competition for women .
Norrköpings BTK was a table tennis club in Norrköping , Sweden .
The IIHF Challenge Cup of Asia are a series of international ice hockey tournament on the continent of Asia .
The Limerick Desmond League is an association football league featuring amateur , junior , youth and under-17 teams from the part of County Limerick west of the N20 .
Morgan Lundin ( born 20 May 1969 ) , is an athlete from Sweden , who competes in compound archery .
The Indian Wells Tennis Garden is a tennis facility in Indian Wells , California , in the Coachella Valley .
Berliner SV 1892 is a German association football club from the district of Wilmersdorf , Berlin .
The 1999 Heineken Trophy was a tennis tournament played on outdoor grass courts at Autotron park in Rosmalen , near ' s - Hertogenbosch , Netherlands that was part of the International Series of the 1999 ATP Tour and Tier III of the 1999 WTA Tour .
Fenerbahçe Men 's Volleyball is the men 's volleyball department of Fenerbahçe S.K. , a major sports club based in Istanbul , Turkey .
The Miami Floridians , later in their history known simply as The Floridians , were a professional basketball franchise in the original , now - defunct American Basketball Association .
Graeme Carr ( born 28 October 1978 ) is an English former professional association football player .
The 1990 Prudential - Bache Securities Classic ( known as such in 1990 for sponsorship reasons ) was a men 's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts .
Jonel Scott ( born January 5 , 1992 in Gros Islet , Saint Lucia ) , is a 6 ' 8 `` basketball player .
The Tweed Heads Seagulls , often referred to simply as Tweed or Seagulls , is a rugby league club based in Tweed Heads , New South Wales , and is the only non - Queensland team to play in the Queensland Cup .
Willy Taveras ( born December 25 , 1981 ) is a Dominican professional baseball player for the Sugar Land Skeeters .
The Bill Masterton Memorial Trophy is awarded annually to the National Hockey League player who best exemplifies the qualities of perseverance , sportsmanship , and dedication to ice hockey .
Aco Jonovski ( Macedonian : Ацо Јоновски ) ( born 29 December 1980 ) is a Macedonian handball player representing the Macedonia national handball team .
Detlef Schrempf ( born January 21 , 1963 ) is a German - American retired professional basketball player .
The European Triathlon Championships is the main triathlon championships in Europe .
The Dacia World Club Series is an annual rugby league football competition played between the clubs from the Australasian National Rugby League and the European Super League .
The FIS Ski Jumping Continental Cup is a series of ski jumping competitions arranged yearly by the International Ski Federation .
Giorgio de Bettin ( born 7 August 1972 in Pieve di Cadore , Italy ) is an Italian professional ice hockey player who participated at the 2010 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Italian National men 's ice hockey team .
La Vie Claire was a professional road bicycle racing team named after its chief sponsor La vie Claire , a chain of health food stores .
Franko Šango ( born 22 May 1992 ) is a Croatian professional basketball player , currently playing as a swingman for Zadar of the Croatian League .
Iulia Necula ( born April 26 , 1986 in Constanţa ) , is a Romanian professional table tennis player .
William Soliman ( born February 15 , 1980 in Saint Denis , France ) is a French basketball player who played 13 games for the French men 's national basketball team in 2008 .
George Christian T. Chia ( born August 19 , 1979 ) , better known as Gec Chia , is a Filipino business executive and former professional basketball player .
The SpVgg Hankofen - Hailing is a German association football club from the villages of Hankofen and Hailing in the municipality of Leiblfing , Bavaria .
The Rapid City Thrillers were a semi - professional basketball club based in Rapid City , South Dakota , United States that competed in the Continental Basketball Association beginning in the 1987 season .
The Pharex Naproxen Sodium Bidang Generix is a basketball team that played in the PBA Developmental League in 2011 .
The 1968 All - Ireland Under-21 Hurling Championship was the fifth staging of the All - Ireland hurling championship for players under the age of twenty - one since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1964 ..
The SV Schalding - Heining is a German association football club from the suburb of Schalding - Heining in the city of Passau , Bavaria .
Alan Lithgow ( born 12 March 1988 ) is a Scottish professional association football player who currently plays for Scottish League One side Airdrieonians .
2012 ICC Africa Twenty20 Division Two was a Twenty20 cricket tournament that took place in 2012 and formed part of qualifying for the 2014 ICC World Twenty20 .
Torbjørn Sindballe ( born 21 October 1976 ) is a Danish professional triathlete who was forced to end his competition triathlon career due to heart problems .
Floripa Esporte Clube , also known as Super Imperatriz Vôlei , was a men 's volleyball team , based in Florianópolis , Santa Catarina , Brazil .
The Garcia Report is the name given to a report made by Michael J. Garcia into allegations of corruption in world association football .
Bedwas RFC is a rugby union club located in the Welsh village of Bedwas .
The 1973 Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Tournament was the inaugural Atlantic Coast Conference ( ACC ) baseball tournament .
The Lorena Ochoa Invitational Presented by Banamex and JTBC is a women 's professional golf tournament in México on the LPGA Tour .
The 2008 Women 's Junior South American Volleyball Championship was the 19th edition of the South American Volleyball Championship , organised by South America 's governing volleyball body , the Confederación Sudamericana de Voleibol ( CSV ) .
The WAR International Junior Heavyweight Championship was a title contested for in the Japanese professional wrestling promotion Wrestle Association R ( WAR ) , which closed in 2000 .
The Clube Atlético Paulista was an association football club from the Brazilian metropolis São Paulo .
The Tour du Faso is a 10-day road bicycle racing stage race held in Burkina Faso in the late fall .
Li Xiaoxu ( Chinese : 李晓旭 ; pinyin : Lǐ Xiǎoxù ) is a Chinese basketball player who currently plays for Liaoning Flying Leopards in the Chinese Basketball Association .
Offenbacher Kickers , also known as Kickers Offenbach , is a German association football club in Offenbach am Main , Hesse .
HRK Izviđač ( Hrvatski Rukometni Klub Izviđač , English : Croatian Handball Club Izviđač ) is a team handball club from Ljubuški , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The 1970 Memorial Cup was the 52nd annual Memorial Cup competition , organized by the Canadian Amateur Hockey Association ( CAHA ) to determine the champion of junior A ice hockey .
Markos Kalovelonis ( Greek : Μάρκος Καλοβελώνης , Russian : Маркос Каловелонис ; born 18 May 1994 ) is a Greek - Russian tennis player .
Amir Weintraub ( Hebrew : אמיר ויינטרוב ; born September 16 , 1986 ) is an Israeli professional tennis player .
Patrick Baumann ( born 8 January 1982 ) is a former Swiss professional association football player .
A.S.D. Mariano Keller or simply Mariano Keller is an Italian association football club , based in Naples but currently playing San Giorgio a Cremano , Campania .
The West Adelaide Bearcats are a semi - professional basketball team competing in the Premier League .
Rockford Forest Citys ( officially the Forest City Club ) , from Rockford , Illinois was one of the first professional baseball clubs .
Japanese Regional Leagues ( 地域リーグ Chiiki Rīgu ) are a group of parallel association football leagues in Japan that are organized on the regional basis .
Brotherhood Park is a former baseball ground located in Cleveland , Ohio .
Mark Izzard ( born September 23 , 1954 ) in Winnipeg , Manitoba is a former center Canadian ice hockey player .
The Bullit World Darts Trophy was a professional darts tournament run by the British Darts Organisation and the World Darts Federation .
The 2011 Canada Masters ( also known as the 2011 Rogers Cup presented by National Bank and the 2011 Rogers Cup for sponsorship reasons ) was a tennis tournament to be played on outdoor hard courts in Canada .
Jamie Milam ( born May 13 , 1984 in Lake Orion , Michigan ) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman for the Fife Flyers of the Elite Ice Hockey League .
The 2014 Africa Cup was the fourteenth edition of the Africa Cup , an annual international rugby union tournament for African nations organised by the Confederation of African Rugby ( CAR ) .
Daniel Franck was the first snowboarding athlete to win gold at the ESPN X - Games in Snow Summit --
Meghann Shaughnessy ( April 13 , 1979 in Richmond , Virginia ) is an American former professional tennis player .
Oksana Kurt , also known as Oksana Parkhomenko , ( born 28 July 1984 in Baku , Azerbaijan SSR ) ; is an Azerbaijani indoor volleyball player of Azeryol Baku , also member and captain of the Azerbaijan women 's national volleyball team .
Panagiotis Kafkis ( alternate spelling : Panayiotis ) ( Greek : Παναγιώτης Καυκής ; born May 8 , 1980 in Athens , Greece ) is a Greek professional basketball player .
The Mercian Regional Football League is an English association football league based in the county of Shropshire .
The Wyndham Championship is a regular golf tournament on the PGA Tour .
The Sicilian Open was a European Tour men 's professional golf tournament .
Sebastianites Cricket and Athletic Club are a former first - class cricket team based in Moratuwa , Sri Lanka .
World Rugby ( WR ) is the world governing body for the sport of rugby union .
The 2005 Davis Cup was the 94th edition of the most important tournament between nations in men 's tennis .
East Melbourne Football Club was an Australian rules football club which played in the Victorian Football Association ( VFA ) from 1880 - 1882 .
RK Đakovo is a team handball club from Đakovo , Croatia .
Jacquot Harinirina ( born Antananarivo , 24 February 1981 ) , known as Coco , is a Malagasy rugby union player .
The England women 's national under-17 football team , also known as England under-17s or England U17(s ) , represents England in association football at an under-17 age level and is controlled by the Football Association , the governing body for football in England .
The SG Essen ( full name : Startgemeinschaft Essen ) is a swimming club in Essen ( North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany ) .
Gitte Sunesen ( born December 11 , 1971 ) is a Danish team handball player ( goalkeeper ) , Olympic champion and World champion .
The 2011 Women 's South American Volleyball Club Championship was the third official edition of the women 's volleyball tournament , played by four teams over August 5 - -7 , 2011 in José Liberatti Gymnassium in Osasco , Brazil .
Quanitra Hollingsworth ( Turkish : Kuanitra Holingsvorth , born November 15 , 1988 ) is an American - Turkish professional basketball player who currently plays for the Seattle Storm of the WNBA .
Eishockeyclub Red Bull München ( or EHC Red Bull München ; English : Munich Ice Hockey Club ) is a professional ice hockey team based in Munich , Germany that currently plays in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga .
The Open de España Femenino is a professional golf tournament that has been part of the Ladies European Tour schedule since 2002 .
Jesper Roesen ( born May 2 , 1975 in Copenhagen ) is a retired Danish taekwondo practitioner , who competed in the men 's featherweight category .
Rugby Pro D2 , also known as Pro D2 is the second division of domestic club rugby union in France .
Adrian Ungur ( born 22 January 1985 ) is a Romanian tennis player who mainly competes on the ATP Challenger Tour .
Derek Wong Zi Liang ( traditional Chinese : 黃梓良 ) ( born 13 January 1989 ) is a Singaporean badminton player .
Jargalsaikhany Bayarsaikhan ( born May 14 , 1986 ) is a Mongolian ice hockey and bandy player , currently playing for Otgon Od .
Eisler Liván Hernández Carrera ( Spanish pronunciation : ( liˈβan erˈnandeθ ) ; born February 20 , 1975 ) is a Cuban former professional baseball pitcher in Major League Baseball .
Lisa Stone ( born August 14 , 1962 ) is the head women 's basketball coach at Saint Louis University .
Jackie Campbell ( born 27 February 1946 in Airdrie ) is a Scottish former professional association football player .
The Auto - Cycle Union ( ACU ) is the governing body of motorcycle sport in Great Britain , including the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man , but excluding Northern Ireland .
The Spanish Basketball Federation ( Spanish : Federación Española de Baloncesto , FEB ) is the governing body of basketball in Spain .
Rugby Club Luxembourg , abbreviated to RCL , is a rugby union club , based in Cessange , Luxembourg City , in southern Luxembourg .
Kornél Dávid ( in English sometimes Kornel David , born October 22 , 1971 ) is a retired Hungarian professional basketball player .
Simon Picone ( born 26 September 1982 ) is an Italian rugby union player for Benetton Treviso in the RaboDirect Pro12 competition .
The Royal Belgian Athletics League ( Russian : Ligue Royale Belge d'Athlétisme ) is the governing body for the sport of athletics in Belgium .
Moustapha Fall ( born February 23 , 1992 in Paris ) is a French basketball player who plays for French Pro A League club Poitiers .
The National Invitation Tournament ( NIT ) is a men 's college basketball tournament operated by the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) .
The 2008 Pilot Pen Tennis was a combined men 's and women 's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts .
The NAIA Men 's Golf Championship is the annual tournament to determine the national champions of men 's NAIA collegiate golf n the United States and Canada .
SpVgg SV Weiden , formerly just SpVgg Weiden , is a German association football club from the city of Weiden , Bavaria .
Duaner Sánchez ( born October 14 , 1979 ) is a retired Dominican - American professional baseball player .
Arnaud Hauchard ( born 15 November 1971 ) is a French chess grandmaster ( 2000 ) .
Massimo Bulleri ( born September 10 , 1977 ) is an Italian professional basketball player , who won the silver medal with the senior men 's Italian national basketball team at the 2004 Summer Olympic Games in Athens , Greece .
The Fédération Française de Tennis ( FFT ) ( English : `` French tennis federation '' ) is the governing body for tennis in France .
Jeff Sarwer ( born May 14 , 1978 in Kingston , Ontario ) is a Canadian Finnish ( dual citizenship ) former child chess prodigy whose charismatic personality and chess talent made him a well known media figure .
Chris Mayor born 19 May 1982 in Wigan , England is a former Rugby League player for Wigan Warriors and currently a rugby union player for the Sale FC in the RFU 's National League 2 North .
Derek Booth ( born July 19 , 1970 in Niagara Falls , Ontario ) is a former professional ice hockey player and coach , and a former professional roller hockey player .
Émilie Gomis ( born October 18 , 1983 ) is a French - Senegalese professional basketball player currently playing point guard position for French club Hainaut Basket and played for Fenerbahçe of the TWBL league .
FC Avtodor Vladikavkaz ( Russian : ФК `` Автодор '' Владикавказ ) was a Russian association football club from Vladikavkaz , founded in 1983 .
Vasilije Micić ( Serbian : Василије Мицић , born 13 January 1994 ) is a Serbian professional basketball player for Crvena zvezda of the Basketball League of Serbia ( KLS ) .
The 2010 FIBA World Championship Final was a basketball game between the men 's national teams of Turkey and the United States that took place on September 12 , 2010 , at Sinan Erdem Dome in Istanbul , Turkey , to determine the winner of the 2010 FIBA World Championship .
Ilia Zedginidze ( Georgian : ილია ზედგინიძე ) ( born January 20 , 1977 ) is a former Georgian rugby union player .
The World Single Distance Championships are a series of speed skating competitions organised by the International Skating Union .
Gustavo Tsuboi ( born May 30 , 1984 in São Paulo , São Paulo ) is a table tennis player from Brazil , he won three medals in double and team events in the Pan American Games .
The 2005 Campbell 's Hall of Fame Championships was the 30th edition of the tennis tournament Hall of Fame Tennis Championships .
Jye Mullane ( born 21 December 1981 ) is an Australian rugby league player currently playing for the New Haven Warriors in the AMNRL .
Franco Gandini ( born 28 July 1936 ) is an Italian racing cyclist and Olympic champion in track cycling .
Lu Shanglei ( Chinese : 卢尚磊 ; born 10 July 1995 ) is a Chinese chess grandmaster and World Junior Chess Champion in 2014 .
Randers HK is a women 's handball club based in Randers , Denmark .
Lisa Andersen ( born March 8 , 1969 , in New York ) is a four - time world surfing champion from the United States .
The Sault Ste . Marie Marlboros , also known as the Canadian Soo and Soo Algonquins , was a professional ice hockey team from Sault Ste . Marie , Ontario , Canada .
Emmanuel Bertin known as Manu Bertin ( 19 March 1963 , in Toulon in France ) is one of the pioneers of the sport of Kite surfing .
The 1998 Sparkassen Cup was a women 's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts in Leipzig in Germany that was part of Tier II of the 1998 WTA Tour .
Wolfgang Heidenfeld ( German pronunciation : ( ˈvɔlfɡaŋ haɪ̯dənfɛlt ) ; 29 May 1911 -- 3 August 1981 ) was a chess player .
The 1963 FIBA World Championship was an international basketball competition hosted by Brazil .
The 2003 Breil Milano Indoor was a men 's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts in Milan in Italy and was part of the International Series of the 2003 ATP Tour .
Ousmane Cisse ( born October 20 , 1982 ) is a Malian retired professional basketball player .
The South American Youth Football Championship , also known as U-20 South American Championship and Juventud de América ( English : `` America 's Youth '' ) is a South American association football tournament organized by the CONMEBOL ( CONfederación SudaMEricana de FútBOL ) , for South American national teams of men under age of 20 .
The ISU World Team Trophy in Figure Skating is a figure skating team competition sanctioned by the International Skating Union .
Slovak Extraliga ( Slovenská Extraliga ) is the name of the highest - level ice hockey league in Slovakia .
Preti Mangimi ( UCI team code : GAP ) was a professional continental road bicycle racing team based in Italy , which participated in UCI Europe Tour and when selected as a wildcard to UCI ProTour events .
Alex Anthopoulos ( born May 25 , 1977 ) is a Canadian professional baseball executive with the Los Angeles Dodgers organization .
Adel Tlatli is a Tunisian professional basketball coach .
Heidi Astrup ( born 31 May 1972 ) is a Danish team handball player and Olympic champion .
Lukáš Kašpar ( born September 23 , 1985 ) is a Czech professional ice hockey player .
The Swift Current Broncos are a junior ice hockey team in the Western Hockey League .
The 2002 ACC Trophy was a cricket tournament held from 10 - -21 July 2002 in Singapore .
Campbelltown City Kangaroos Rugby League Football Club is an Australian semi - professional rugby league football club based in Campbelltown , New South Wales .
Sorrento Calcio is an Italian association football club from Sorrento , Campania , the club was founded during 1945 .
The 2007 Latvian Figure Skating Championships ( Latvian : Latvijas Čempionāts daiļslidošanā 2007 ) were the Latvian Figure Skating Championships of the 2006 - 2007 figure skating season .
The Romania Davis Cup team represents Romania in Davis Cup tennis competition , being governed by the Romanian Tennis Federation and currently competes in the 2014 Davis Cup Europe / Africa Zone Group I.
Gaëtan Belaud ( born 16 September 1986 ) is a French association football defender , currently playing for French side Stade Brestois in Ligue 2 , the second tier of French football .
Vesta Kasputė ( Vesta Kalvytė ; born on 5 December 1984 in Panevėžys ) is a Lithuanian chess player with the title of Woman FIDE Master ( WFM ) , lawyer at `` bnt '' Law Firm .
Rostislav Olesz ( born October 10 , 1985 ) is a professional ice hockey left winger , currently playing for HC Vítkovice of the Czech Extraliga .
Jesús de la Rosa ( born August 5 , 1953 ) is a former professional baseball player whose career extended from 1969 through 1980 .
Aruban Division di Honor or Campeonato AVB Aruba Bank is the top level association football league in Aruba .
The World Archery Europe ( WAE , also and formerly known as EMAU from European and Mediterranean Archery Union ) is an archery organization headquartered in Rome , Italy .
Jiří Holík ( born July 9 , 1944 ) is a Czech former professional ice hockey player and coach .
Gavin Escobar ( born February 3 , 1991 ) , nicknamed `` Pablo , '' is an American football tight end for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Fotios Zoumpos ( alternate spellings : Fotis , Zoubos ) ( Greek : Φώτης Ζούμπος ; born April 4 , 1993 ) is a Greek professional basketball player .
The Koninklijke Nederlandse Baseball en Softball Bond ( Royal Netherlands Baseball and Softball Federation ) is the national governing body of baseball in the Netherlands .
The 2016 Davis Cup is the 105th edition of the Davis Cup , a tournament between national teams in men 's tennis .
Maarten Froger ( born May 17 , 1977 ) is a former field hockey striker from the Netherlands , who won the 2002 Champions Trophy with the Dutch Men 's Team in Cologne , Germany .
Terenure Cricket Club , formerly CYM Cricket Club ( standing for Catholic Young Men 's Society ) is a cricket club in Dublin , Republic of Ireland , playing in Division 2 of the Leinster Senior League .
The 2004 Florida Gators football team represented the University of Florida in the sport of American football during the 2004 college football season .
The New Jersey Turnpike Titans were an American semi - professional rugby league football team based in Jersey City , New Jersey .
The O'Brien Trophy , or O'Brien Cup , as labelled on the trophy itself , is a retired trophy that was awarded in the National Hockey Association ( NHA ) and the National Hockey League ( NHL ) ice hockey leagues of North America from 1910 to 1950 .
Valentin Lavillenie ( born 16 July 1991 ) is a French athlete specialising in the pole vault .
The Memorial Artemio Franchi was a summer association football friendly tournament that took place twice , in the Stadio Artemio Franchi , Florence , Italy , in 2008 and 2009 .
Maikon Bonani ( born January 29 , 1989 ) is an American football placekicker from Brazil who is currently a free agent .
Yogi Berra Stadium is a baseball stadium in Little Falls , New Jersey , US , on the campus of Montclair State University .
Marcel Jenni ( born March 2 , 1974 in Zürich , Switzerland ) is a Swiss professional ice hockey winger who is currently a free agent .
Kim Bruce - Lockhart was a Scottish professional squash player .
Veronica Lario ( born on 19 July 1956 as Miriam Raffaella Bartolini ) is a former Italian actress and the former wife of Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi .
Ingrid von Rosen ( sometimes cited as Ingrid Bergman ; 17 January 1930 -- 20 May 1995 ) was married to Swedish film director Ingmar Bergman .
Empress Xiaoduanxian ( Chinese : 孝端顯皇后 ; 1565 -- April , 1620 ) , personal name Wang Xijie ( Chinese : 王喜姐 ) , was the empress of the Wanli Emperor of the Chinese Ming dynasty .
Anna Maria Calhoun Clemson ( 1817 - -1875 ) was the daughter of John C. Calhoun and the wife of Thomas Green Clemson , the founder of Clemson University .
The film , starring Dev Anand , Geeta Bali and Kalpana Kartik was a trendsetter , regarded as the forerunner of the spate of urban crime films that followed in Bollywood in the 1950s .
Empress Xiaoherui ( 1776 -- 23 January 1850 ) was the second Empress Consort of the Jiaqing Emperor of the Qing Dynasty .
Harriet Siddons , before her marriage Harriet Murray , sometimes Mrs. Henry Siddons ( 16 April 1783 -- 2 November 1844 ) was a Scottish actress and theatre manager .
Carl - Axel Söderström ( December 23 , 1893 -- November 27 , 1976 ) was a Swedish photographer and cinematographer who accompanied Clärenore Stinnes on a two - year automobile journey around the world .
Me Yun San ( Burmese : မယ်ယွန်းစံ ( mɛ̀ jʊ́ɴ sàɴ ) ; 1713 - -1771 ) was the chief queen of King Alaungpaya of Burma ( Myanmar ) , and the mother of three kings of Konbaung Dynasty :
Her film career received a major boost when the director Alexander Korda took an interest and gave her a small but prominent role , under the name Merle Oberon , as Anne Boleyn in The Private Life of Henry VIII ( 1933 ) opposite Charles Laughton .
Princess Amélie of Leuchtenberg ( Portuguese : Amélia Augusta Eugénia de Leuchtenberg ; French : Amélie Auguste Eugénie de Leuchtenberg ) , ( 31 July 1812 -- 26 January 1873 ) was Empress of Brazil as the wife of Pedro I of Brazil .
Catherine Madox Brown Hueffer ( 11 November 1850 -- 1927 ) , also known as Cathy , the first child of Ford Madox Brown and Emma Hill , was an artist and model associated with the Pre - Raphaelites and married to the writer Francis Hueffer .
Emma Bardac ( 1862 - -1934 ) , née Moyse , was the mutual love interest of both Gabriel Fauré and Claude Debussy .
Camille Paule ( Pesmes , 1 March 1867 -- Champagney , 22 September 1946 ) was the husband of Salima Machamba , sultan ( queen ) of Mohéli ( Mwali ) ( 1901 - -1909 ) .
Sofia Nerbrand was married to Johan Norberg , with whom she has two children .
Duchess Marie Eleonore of Cleves ( 16 June 1550 -- 1 June 1608 ) was a Duchess consort of Prussia as the wife of Albert Frederick , Duke of Prussia .
Kang Keqing ( Chinese : 康克清 ; pinyin : Kāng Kèqīng ; September 7 , 1911 -- April 22 , 1992 ) was a politician of the People 's Republic of China , and the wife of Zhu De .
Fulvia 's third and final marriage was to Mark Antony in 47 or 46 BC , a few years after Curio 's death , although Cicero suggested that Fulvia and Antony had had a relationship since 58 BC . Cicero wrote about their relationship in his Philippics as a way of attacking Antony .
Harbhajan Singh married his longtime girlfriend , actress Geeta Basra , on 29 October 2015 in Jalandhar .
Maria van Riebeeck ( née de la Queillerie ; 28 October 1629 -- 2 November 1664 ) was the first wife of Jan van Riebeeck , the Dutch colonial administrator and first commander of the settlement at the Cape .
Tuor remained in Gondolin , and we d Turgon 's daughter , Idril Celebrindal .
Blonde and beautiful but emotionally shallow , Betty Draper is introduced as the wife of lead character Don Draper , a philandering advertising executive secretly living under a false identity .
Gladys Bustamante , OJ , ( 8 March 1912 -- 25 July 2009 ) was a Jamaican workers ' and women 's rights activist and the widow of Jamaica 's first Prime Minister , Sir Alexander Bustamante .
Asahi no kata ( 朝日の方 ) ( 1543 -- February 18 , 1590 ) was a half - sister of Toyotomi Hideyoshi and wife of Tokugawa Ieyasu , two of Japan 's greatest feudal warlords .
In 1956 Niels Onstad married Sonja Henie .
Myra Soble ( March 18 , 1904 -- 1992 ) together with her husband Jack Soble was tried and jailed for her involvement in the Soble spy ring .
Maria Barbara Bach ( 30 October ( O.S. 20 October ) 1684 -- buried 7 July 1720 ) was the first wife of composer Johann Sebastian Bach .
Helbirga of Austria ( died 1142 ) , was a Duchess consort of Bohemia , married to Bořivoj II , Duke of Bohemia .
The character of Orson Hodge was originally planned as a romantic interest for Susan Mayer ( Teri Hatcher ) , according to executive producer Tom Spezialy , until Cherry decided to pair Orson with Bree Van de Kamp ( Marcia Cross ) .
Woeser is married to Wang Lixiong , a renowned author who frequently writes about Tibet .
On January 20 , 2010 , it was announced that Michael McKean would return to an episode of Smallville alongside his real life wife , Annette O'Toole .
Elisabeth Therese of Lorraine ( 15 October 1711 -- 3 July 1741 ) was born a Princess of Lorraine and was the last queen consort of Charles Emmanuel III of Sardinia .
In 1951 Geer founded the Will Geer Theatricum Botanicum in Topanga , California , with his wife , Herta Ware .
The Victorian Premier 's Literary Award for fiction is named the Vance Palmer Prize , while the prize for non - fiction is the Nettie Palmer Prize ( until 2010 when under the stewardship of the Wheeler Centre they were renamed as Victorian Premier 's Prizes ) .
Margherita de ' Medici ( 31 May 1612 -- 6 February 1679 ) was Duchess of Parma and Piacenza by her marriage to Odoardo Farnese , Duke of Parma .
Gabrielle Robinne was married to actor René Alexandre from 1912 until his death in 1946 .
Liv Corfixen directed the documentary My Life Directed by Nicolas Winding Refn centered on the life and work of Winding Refn .
Bikram Choudhury is married to Rajashree Choudhury , founder of the United States Yoga Federation .
At approximately age 13 , Sacagawea was taken as a wife by Toussaint Charbonneau , a Quebecois trapper living in the village .
Francesca Bertolli ( b Rome ; d Bologna , 9 Jan 1767 ) was an Italian contralto of the 18th century .
