constellation	Abell 370 is a galaxy cluster located approximately 6 billion light-years away from the Earth (at redshift z = 0.375), in the constellation Cetus.	Abell 370	Cetus
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riederwaldstadion is a stadium in Seckbach district of Frankfurt am Main in Germany.	Riederwaldstadion	Seckbach
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarmaran (Persian: سارمران‎, also Romanized as Sārmarān, Sarmārān, and Sār Merān; also known as Chahār Mārān and Chārmārān) is a village in Daman Kuh Rural District, in the Central District of Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sarmaran	Daman Kuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luk Yeung Galleria (Chinese: 綠楊坊), formally known as Luk Yeung Sun Cheun Mall, is one of the largest shopping centres in Tsuen Wan, New Territories, Hong Kong, located in Luk Yeung Sun Chuen, above MTR Tsuen Wan Station.	Luk Yeung Galleria	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aliabad-e Tadayyon (Persian: علي ابادتدين‎, also Romanized as ``Alīābād-e Tadayyon) is a village in Azizabad Rural District, in the Central District of Narmashir County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,409, in 311 families.	Aliabad-e Tadayyon	Azizabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dizar (Persian: ديزار‎, also Romanized as Dīzār, Dījār, and Dehzār) is a village in Jafarabad Rural District, Jafarabad District, Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Dizar	Qom Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strzeganowice (stʂɛɡanɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Paschwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kąty Wrocławskie, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Strzeganowice	Gmina Kąty Wrocławskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New Penny is a gay pub in The Calls area of Leeds, West Yorkshire.	The New Penny	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhagabanpur (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is part of No. 31 Kanthi (Lok Sabha constituency).	Bhagabanpur (Vidhan Sabha constituency)	Kanthi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strzęboszów (stʂɛmˈbɔʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda Maleniecka, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Strzęboszów	Gmina Ruda Maleniecka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Izamal Municipality (In the Yucatec Maya Language: ``dew of heaven'') is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing (275.92 km2) of land and located roughly 67 km east of the city of Mérida.	Izamal Municipality	Yucatán
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ullikkottai is an important village in Mannargudi Taluk, Tiruvarur District, Tamil Nadu, India.	Ullikkottai	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Île-Verte Lighthouse is a lighthouse on Île Verte in Notre-Dame-des-Sept-Douleurs, Quebec, Canada.	Île-Verte Lighthouse	Notre-Dame-des-Sept-Douleurs
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cazê (Chinese: 查孜; Pinyin: Cházī) is a township in Ngamring County, Tibet Autonomous Region of China.	Cazê	Ngamring County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Agro Emam Khormeyni (Persian: كشت وصنعت امام خميني‎ -- Kesht va Şanʿat Emām Khomeynī) is a village and company town in Shoaybiyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, Shadravan District, Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Agro Emam Khormeyni	Shoaybiyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Viljandi County (Estonian: Viljandi maakond or Viljandimaa, German: Kreis Fellin), is one of 15 counties of Estonia.	Viljandi County	Estonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monsignor Donovan Catholic High School(MDCHS) is an independent, Roman Catholic high school located in Athens, Georgia.	Monsignor Donovan Catholic High School	Georgia
narrative location	Bikini Barbershop (Also known as Bikini Barbershop: Jersey) is an American reality show on AXS TV featuring Jeff Wulkan, a man who runs a hair salon/barber shop in Long Branch, New Jersey called ``Bikini Barbers''.	Bikini Barbershop	New Jersey
publisher	The Annals of Oncology is a peer-reviewed medical journal of oncology, published by Oxford University Press.	Annals of Oncology	Oxford University Press
sex or gender	Haya Rashed Al-Khalifa (born October 18, 1952) (Arabic: هيا راشد آل خليفة‎) is a pioneering female lawyer and diplomat from Bahrain.	Haya Rashed Al-Khalifa	female
