constellation	HD 38529 b is an extrasolar planet approximately 138 light years away in the constellation of Orion.	HD 38529 b	Orion
languages spoken or written	Massimiano Bucchi (born Arezzo, 15 May 1970) is an Italian sociologist and a scholar of the relationships among science, technology and society.	Massimiano Bucchi	Italian
located in the administrative territorial entity	Synogać (sɨˈnɔɡat͡ɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Synogać	Gmina Wierzbinek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Green Lake Airport (FAA LID: Y88) is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) south of the central business district of Interlochen, a community in Green Lake Township, Grand Traverse County, Michigan, United States.	Green Lake Airport	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eastern Hill Fire Station is the central fire station of Melbourne, Australia, located in on the corner of Victoria Parade and Gisborne Street, opposite St Peter's, Eastern Hill, one of the highest points in the city of Melbourne.	Eastern Hill Fire Station	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Scioto Ordnance Plant (SOP) was an ammunitions and bomb making facility built in Marion County, Ohio by the United States Army in 1942.	Scioto Ordnance Plant	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Holt Lock and Dam is a lock built on the Black Warrior River near Holt, Alabama in Tuscaloosa County.	Holt Lock and Dam	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Washington Square Methodist Episcopal Church was a former Methodist church located at 135 West Fourth Street, Greenwich Village, Manhattan, New York.	Washington Square Methodist Episcopal Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Maggie L. Walker Governor's School for Government and International Studies (MLWGSGIS) is a public regional magnet high school in Richmond, Virginia.	Maggie L. Walker Governor's School for Government and International Studies	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lebiedzie-Kolonia (lɛˈbjɛd͡ʑɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sterdyń, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Lebiedzie-Kolonia	Gmina Sterdyń
located in the administrative territorial entity	In 2007 a study has named the Kirchgasse the second most expensive street for retail property in Hesse, after the Zeil in Frankfurt am Main.	Kirchgasse	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eshkanuiyeh-ye Olya (Persian: اشكنوئيه عليا‎, also Romanized as Eshkanū’īyeh-ye ``Olyā; also known as Eshkanū’īyeh and Ishkanu) is a village in Hanza Rural District, Hanza District, Rabor County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 78, in 13 families.	Eshkanuiyeh-ye Olya	Hanza Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trinity Preparatory School of Florida is an independent college preparatory day-school for students in grades 6 to 12, located in Winter Park, a suburb of Orlando.	Trinity Preparatory School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qareh Beyk (Persian: قره بيك‎) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qareh Beyk	Zeberkhan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huangzhou District (simplified Chinese: 黄州区; traditional Chinese: 黃州區; pinyin: Huángzhōu Qū) is a district of the city of Huanggang, Hubei province, People's Republic of China.	Huangzhou District	Huanggang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Altorf (German: Altdorf) is a French commune in the Bas-Rhin department in the Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine region of northeastern France.	Altorf	Bas-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dudhpokhari(दूधपोखरी) is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal.The name Dudhpokhari is derived from the lake which lies in the base of Himalchuli.	Dudhpokhari	Lamjung District
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Louis Downtown Airport (IATA: CPS, ICAO: KCPS, FAA LID: CPS) is a public-use airport located in Greater St. Louis, one mile (2 km) east of the central business district of Cahokia, in St. Clair County, Illinois, United States.	St. Louis Downtown Airport	Cahokia
named after	Beginning in the late 1960s, this opening idea was also promoted by Pal Benko, a Hungarian-American Grandmaster, who provided many new suggestions and published his book The Benko Gambit in 1974.	Benko Gambit	Pal Benko
narrative location	Strawberry Cliff is a 2011 Hong Kong thriller film written and directed by Chris Chow, who has participated in writing scripts for films such as Fearless and Blood:	Strawberry Cliff	Hong Kong
