Wing Commander John Marlow Thompson , DSO , DFC , RAF awarded the Air Force Cross ( AFC ) 1 January 1955 --
Outstanding Directorial Achievement in Documentary National Film Registry In 2007 , the International Documentary Association named Hoop Dreams as its selection for the all - time greatest documentary .
Karl Palmgreen ( 2 September 1891 -- 16 September 1970 ) was a Fregattenkapitän of the Reserves with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub ) .
David Baramidze ( born September 27 , 1988 in Tbilisi , Georgia ) is a German chess Grandmaster .
Henri Fursy was made a Knight of the Legion of Honour in 1927 .
Léon Jouhaux ( July 1 , 1879 -- April 28 , 1954 ) was a French trade union leader who received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1951 .
Bator Sambuev ( Russian : Батор Самбуев ) is Russian - Canadian chess player who holds the title of Grandmaster .
Jamiluddin Aali has won Pride of Performance award in 1991 and Hilal - e - Imtiaz in 2004 .
Robert A. Belet ( 1914 - -1942 ) was a United States Marine Corps master technical sergeant who received a Silver Star for his actions in the Guadalcanal campaign during World War II .
Distinguished Flying Cross 2nd Lt . William Thomas Barnes .
François Thomas Tréhouart ( 27 April 1798 -- 8 November 1873 ) was a French admiral , notable as the last holder to date of the rank of Admiral of France , to which he was appointed on 20 February 1869 .
Prof Arthur Robertson Cushny FRS FRSE LLD ( 6 March 1866 -- 25 February 1926 ) , was a Scottish pharmacologist and physiologist who became a Fellow of the Royal Society .
Sergio Mariotti ( born August 10 , 1946 in Florence ) is an Italian Grandmaster of chess and former national champion .
Gustav Reimar ( 24 April 1910 -- 23 March 1945 ) was a highly decorated Major in the Wehrmacht during World War II , and one of only 882 recipients of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves .
Olav Sepp ( born 5 May 1969 in Tallinn ) is an Estonian International Master of chess and six - time champion of Estonia ( 1989 , 1991 - -1995 ) .
Padma Shri Baburao Govindrao Shirke , popularly known as B G Shirke was the founder chairman of BG Shirke Construction Technology Private Limited ( BGSCTPL ) .
In the 2013 Queens Birthday Honours List , Gabi Hollows was made an Officer of the Order of Australia ( AO ) `` For distinguished service to public health as an advocate for the eradication of blindness , particularly for Indigenous Australians and people in the developing world . ''
Paul Schultz ( 30 October 1891 -- 15 September 1964 ) was a Generalmajor in the Wehrmacht during World War II , and one of only 882 recipients of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves .
Hugh Purvis ( March 5 , 1843 -- February 12 , 1922 ) was a United States Marine who received the Medal of Honor for actions on board the USS Alaska during the United States 1871 expedition to Korea .
Zhou Xun is the 2010 Laureate of United Nations Environment Programme ( UNEP ) 's Champions of the Earth ( Inspiration & Action ) .
Arthur Murch ( 1902 - -1989 ) was an Australian artist who won the Archibald Prize in 1949 with a portrait of Bonar Dunlop .
Ram Prakash Gehlote was awarded the Padma Shri in 1957 for his work in the fields of science and engineering .
Kamran Shirazi ( born 21 November 1952 ) is an International Master of chess .
Acting Wing Commander Denis Crowley - Milling , DFC ( 78274 ) , Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve is awarded the Distinguished Service Order .
Isaac Payne , or Isaac Paine , ( 1854 - -1904 ) was a Black Seminole who served as a United States Army Indian Scout and received America 's highest military decoration -- the Medal of Honor -- for his actions in the Indian Wars of the western United States .
Fred McNess VC ( 22 January 1892 -- 4 May 1956 ) was an English - born Scottish recipient of the Victoria Cross ( VC ) , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
On January 28 , 1972 , DeWitt Wallace was presented with the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Richard Nixon .
James Sykes Gamble FRS FLS ( 1847 - -1925 ) was an English botanist who specialized in the flora of the Indian sub - continent ; he became Director of the British Imperial Forest School at Dehradun , and a Fellow of the Royal Society .
Ludwig Köchle ( also known as `` Bunkerknacker '' ; 28 February 1921 -- 9 June 1942 ) was an Oberscharführer , in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Klaus Neumann ( 5 October 1923 -- 10 December 2000 ) was a German Leutnant and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes ) during World War II . The Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership .
Roger Smalley was awarded the Centenary Medal in 2001 ( Australian Government 2001 ) and appointed a Member of the Order of Australia in the Australia Day Honours of 2011 ( Australian Government 2011 ) .
Ustad Ghulam Hassan Shaggan was the recipient of numerous awards including the Pride of Performance ( 1988 ) and Sitara - e - Imtiaz ( 2000 ) ( Star of Excellence ) from the Government of Pakistan .
Martin Lewis Perl ( June 24 , 1927 -- September 30 , 2014 ) was an American physicist who won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1995 for his discovery of the tau lepton .
Samuel Hordern was knighted twice ; once as a Knight Bachelor , and again as a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire .
Farid Abbasov ( Azerbaijani : Fərid Abbasov ) , ( born January 31 , 1979 ) is a chess Grandmaster ( 2007 ) from Azerbaijan , rated 2,558 by FIDE .
Bernard Zuckerman ( born March 31 , 1943 in Brooklyn , New York ) is an International Master of chess .
Robert William Strong , Jr. was an American Major general and Legion of Merit recipient .
Donald Haderle is an American computer scientist and IBM Fellow , best known for his work on relational database management systems ( RDBMS ) .
Milo Lemert ( March 25 , 1890 - -September 29 , 1918 ) was a soldier in the United States Army who received the Medal of Honor for his actions during World War I.
Miguel Keith ( June 2 , 1951 -- May 8 , 1970 ) was a United States Marine who posthumously received the United States 's highest military decoration -- the Medal of Honor for heroism in Vietnam in May 1970 .
Zigurds Lanka ( born May 21 , 1960 , Baldone , Latvia ) is a Latvian chess player who holds the title of Grandmaster ( 1992 ) .
Ferit Orhan Pamuk ( generally known simply as Orhan Pamuk ; born 7 June 1952 ) is a Turkish novelist , screenwriter , academic and recipient of the 2006 Nobel Prize in Literature .
Konstantin Aseev ( October 20 , 1960 -- August 22 , 2004 ) was a Russian chess Grandmaster and trainer .
Aristide Briand ( French : ( a.ʁis.tid bʁi.jɑ̃ ) ; 28 March 1862 -- 7 March 1932 ) was a French statesman who served eleven terms as Prime Minister of France during the French Third Republic and was a co - laureate of the 1926 Nobel Peace Prize .
Greg Palmer ( May 1947 -- May 8 , 2009 ) was an American writer and Emmy Award - winning television producer and reporter .
George Balzer ( 1 September 1915 -- 28 September 2006 ) was an American Emmy Award - winning screenwriter , television producer .
Daniel Wray ( 1701 - -1783 ) was an English antiquary and Fellow of the Royal Society .
Franz Liebisch ( 5 February 1921 -- 11 February 1945 ) was an Obersturmführer ( First Lieutenant ) in the Waffen SS during World War II . He was awarded the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross , which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II .
Corporal Anthony Casamento , ( November 16 , 1920 - -July 18 , 1987 ) was presented the Medal of Honor by President Jimmy Carter on September 12 , 1980 in a ceremony in the White House Rose Garden , 38 years after Cpl Casamento 's heroism on Guadalcanal in 1942 .
Alex Pascall was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire in 1996 for services to community relations .
Luther Prentice Bradley ( December 8 , 1822 -- March 13 , 1910 ) was an American soldier who served as a Union general officer during the American Civil War .
James Monroe Deems ( 1818 - -1901 ) was an American composer and music educator from Baltimore , Maryland , as well as a distinguished Union Army officer during the American Civil War .
Edward Richard Woodham ( 20 February 1831 -- 12 December 1886 ) was one of the survivors of the Charge of the Light Brigade on 25 October 1854 during the Crimean War .
Lieutenant Hiram Frank Davison was a Canadian - born World War I flying ace credited with 11 official aerial victories .
John Michael Tobin ( 1841 - -1898 ) was an officer in the Union Army who received the Medal of Honor for his actions at the Battle of Malvern Hill during the American Civil War .
Emmanouil Tombazis ( Greek : Εμμανουήλ Τομπάζης , 1784 - -1831 ) was a Greek naval captain from Hydra , active during the Greek War of Independence , who was appointed Commissioner of Crete for the Greek provisional government in 1823 - -1824 and naval minister for a short period in 1828 .
Alexander Chambers ( August 23 , 1832 - January 2 , 1888 ) was a US Army officer , who became a general during the American Civil War .
Adolphe Libaire ( May 2 , 1840 -- September 5 , 1920 ) was a Captain in the Union Army and a Medal of Honor recipient for his actions in the American Civil War .
Miguel Ezquerra Sanchez ( January 10 , 1913 -- October 29 , 1984 ) was a Spanish Falangist , soldier and volunteer member of the Waffen - SS . He fought in the Spanish Civil War and in the Second World War , in a battalion of the Spanish Blue Division or 250 .
Theodoros Tzinis ( Greek : Θεόδωρος Τζίνης ) ( * 1798 ; †1869 ) was a Greek hero of the Greek War of Independence .
Eulalio Gutiérrez Ortiz ( February 4 , 1881 -- August 12 , 1939 ) was a general in the Mexican Revolution from state of Coahuila .
Horatio Gates Gibson ( May 22 , 1827 -- April 27 , 1924 ) was a career artillery officer in the United States Army , and brevet brigadier general in the American Civil War .
Ioannis Mamouris ( Greek : Ιωάννης Μαμούρης ; Dremista , Parnassida 1797 -- Athens , 12 April 1867 ) , also known as Giannis of Goura ( Γιάννης του Γκούρα ) ) was a Greek chieftain of the Greek War of Independence and officer of the Greek army .
Capitaine Roger Poupon was a World War I flying ace credited with eight aerial victories .
Ma Zhongying then battled against the Russians in the Soviet invasion of Xinjiang .
Captain Neikezhakuo Kenguruse , MVC ( July 15 , 1974 - June 28 , 1999 ) was an officer of the 2 Rajputana Rifles of the Indian Army , who was posthumously awarded the Maha Vir Chakra , India 's second highest gallantry award , for exemplary valour in combat during operations in the Kargil War in 1999 .
General Sir Gwilym Ivor Thomas GCB KBE DSO MC * ( 1893 - -1972 ) was a senior officer of the British Army who saw active service in both World War I and World War II .
Amador Salazar Jiménez ( 30 April 1868 -- 16 April 1916 ) was a Mexican military leader who participated in the Mexican Revolution .
Ebenezer Sproat ( 1752 - -1805 ) , surname also spelled Sprout , was an officer of the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War , a pioneer to the Ohio Country , and one of the founders of Marietta , Ohio , the first permanent American settlement in the Northwest Territory .
St. Clair Augustine Mulholland ( April 1 , 1839 -- February 17 , 1910 ) was a colonel in the Union Army in the American Civil War who later received the brevets of brigadier general of volunteers and major general of volunteers and the Medal of Honor for gallantry in action at the Battle of Chancellorsville .
John André ( 2 May 1750 -- 2 October 1780 ) was a British Army officer hanged as a spy by the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War for assisting Benedict Arnold 's attempted surrender of the fort at West Point , New York to the British .
Pierre Marinovitch ( Serbian : Petar Marinović ; 1 August 1898 -- 2 October 1919 ) was a French World War I flying ace credited with 22 aerial victories .
Daniel Ammen ( May 15 , 1820 -- July 11 , 1898 ) was a U.S. naval officer during the American Civil War and the postbellum period , as well as a prolific author .
Sergente André Louis Bosson ( 1894 - -1918 ) was a French World War I flying ace credited with seven aerial victories , including one shared with Jean - Paul Favre De Thierrens .
Wilfrid Wilson Gibson ( 2 October 1878 -- 26 May 1962 ) was a British Georgian poet , associated with World War I but also the author of much later work .
James L. Bates ( August 11 , 1820 - -November 11 , 1875 ) was a colonel in the Union Army during the American Civil War who was awarded the honorary grade of brevet brigadier general after the war .
Fritz Vehse ( born 23 April 1924 ) is a former Gefreiter in the Wehrmacht during World War II who was awarded the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Captain Cecil Frederick King ( 19 February 1899 -- 24 January 1919 ) , Military Cross , Distinguished Flying Cross , French Croix de Guerre was a World War I fighter ace credited with 22 aerial victories .
The Maynard carbine was a breech - loaded carbine used by cavalry in the American Civil War .
Alfred Fleischer was a German World War I flying ace credited with six confirmed aerial victories .
Petre Dumitrescu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈpetre dumiˈtresku ) ; 18 February 1882 -- 15 January 1950 ) was a Romanian general during World War II , who led the Romanian Third Army on its campaign against the Red Army in the eastern front .
The M7 grenade launcher , formally Rifle Grenade Launcher , M7 , was a 22 mm rifle grenade launcher attachment for the M1 Garand rifle that saw widespread use throughout World War II and the Korean War .
John Wesley Turner was a career U.S. Army officer and Union Army general during the American Civil War .
Captain Kenneth Barbour Montgomery MC was an English World War I flying ace officially credited with 12 aerial victories .
Edmond de Talleyrand - Périgord , 2nd Duke of Talleyrand , 2nd Duke of Dino ( 1 August 1787 , Paris -- 14 May 1872 , Florence ) , was a French general of the Napoleonic Wars .
George H. Littlefield ( May 2 , 1842 -- December 25 , 1919 ) was a corporal in the Union Army and a Medal of Honor recipient for his actions in the American Civil War .
Julius Kowalczik was a World War I flying ace credited with five aerial victories who held the rank of Offiziersstellvertreter .
USS Fort Morgan ( 1863 ) was a steamer acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War .
Matt Whitaker Ransom ( October 8 , 1826 -- October 8 , 1904 ) was a general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War and a Democratic U.S. senator from the state of North Carolina between 1872 and 1895 .
Anne Gilbert de Laval or Anne - Gilbert Laval or Anne Guilbert de La Val ( 9 November 1762 -- 6 September 1810 ) became a general officer during the French Revolutionary Wars and led a division in the Napoleonic Wars .
Withers A. Burress ( November 24 , 1894 -- June 13 , 1977 ) was a graduate and commandant of the Virginia Military Institute as well as a career U.S. Army officer and combat commander in World War I and World War II .
Stephen W. Thompson ( March 20 , 1894 -- October 9 , 1977 ) was an American aviator of World War I , and the first member of the United States military to shoot down an enemy aircraft ( American Kiffin Rockwell achieved an earlier aerial victory as a member of the French Lafayette Escadrille ) .
David Wooster ( March 13 , 1711 ( O.S. March 2 , 1710 ) -- May 2 , 1777 ) was an American general who served in the French and Indian War and in the American Revolutionary War .
Leonard M. Kravitz ( 1931 -- March 7 , 1951 ) was a U.S. Army veteran of the Korean War and a recipient of the Medal of Honor .
Ćule is a mountain found in Kosovo in the Šar Mountains in Gora ( region ) next to Macedonia and Albania .
Firuraq ( Persian : فيرورق‎ ; also Romanized as Fīrūraq ; also known as Farūraq , Forūraq , Firoozfanagh , Fīrūq , Pereh , Phairas Pira , and Pīr Forūzān ) is a city in the Central District of Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Fingə ( also , Fingya ) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Kapenguria is a town lying north east of Kitale on the A1 road in Kenya .
Cengiz Topel Naval Air Station ( Turkish : Cengiz Topel Deniz Hava Üssü ) , aka Topel Airport or formerly Cengiz Topel Air Base , ( IATA : KCO , ICAO : LTBQ ) is a Turkish Navy air station located east of İzmit in Kocaeli Province , Turkey .
The Toronto Police Service ( TPS ) is the police force servicing Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Estepona is a town and municipality in the comarca of the Costa del Sol , southern Spain .
Opiki is a small rural settlement in the Horowhenua district of New Zealand 's North Island .
Long Khánh Province is former province in the Southeast Region ( Đông Nam Bộ region ) of former South Vietnam .
Sound and Music champions new music and the work of British composers and artists , promoting and supporting contemporary music , sound art and experimental music in the United Kingdom .
Fažana ( Croatian name , pronounced ( faʒǎna ) ) or Fasana ( Italian name ) is a town and municipality on the western coast of Istria , in Croatia .
Encouraged by the newfound success of sports radio in the United States , in 1992 , the year the Blue Jays won their first World Series , CJCL would drop non - sports programming altogether on September 4 , and become `` The Fan 1430 '' , becoming the first all - sports station in Canada .
Laytown railway station ( Irish : Stáisiún na hInse ) serves Laytown and Bettystown in County Meath , Ireland .
The Aktogay mine is a large open - pit mine located in south eastern Kazakhstan in East Kazakhstan Province approximately 250 km from Kazakhstan - China border .
The Mollo culture existed in Bolivia 's altiplano area after the collapse of the Tiwanaku culture during the period of AD 1000 to 1500 ; it predated the Inca civilization .
The State Library of South Australia , via its SA Memory website , records that Colonel William Light , sailing in a vessel called the Rapid , discovered the Patawalonga River when sailing by and observing a river mouth when surveying the site for the city of Adelaide , via journal entry on 4 October 1836 .
José Leonardo Chirino Airport ( IATA : CZE , ICAO : SVCR ) , is an airport in Santa Ana de Coro , Venezuela .
École de technologie supérieure ( ÉTS ) is a public engineering school in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
The Canadian Muslim Union ( CMU ) is a registered not - for - profit corporation in Canada .
The Iveragh Peninsula ( Irish : Uíbh Ráthach ) is located in County Kerry in Ireland .
Poręby Nowe ( pɔˈrɛmbɨ ˈnɔvɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Wieliszew ( vjɛˈliʂɛf ) is a village in Legionowo County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland , in the bifurcation of the Vistula and Narew Rivers .
Sahnaya ( Arabic : صحنايا‎ , lso spelled Sihnaya or Sehnaya ) is a town in southern Syria , administratively part of the Rif Dimashq Governorate , located southwest of Damascus in the western Ghouta .
Koglo ( pronounced ( ˈkoːɡlɔ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Šmarješke Toplice in southeastern Slovenia .
Smrtići ( Serbian : Смртићи ) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Reposaari ( Swedish : Räfsö ) is an island and village at the Bothnian Sea in Pori , Finland .
Chebarkul ( Russian : Чебарку́ль ) is a town in Chelyabinsk Oblast , Russia , located on the shores of Lake Chebarkul , 78 kilometers ( 48 mi ) west of Chelyabinsk , the administrative center of the oblast .
Potong Pasir is a housing estate located between Toa Payoh and Sennett Estate in the North - East Region of Singapore .
Nor Varagavank ( Armenian : Նոր Վարագավանք ) is a 13th - century Armenian Apostolic Church monastic ensemble situated 3.5 km southwest of the village Varagavan in the Tavush Province of Armenia .
Ata Bolaghi ( Persian : اتابلاغي‎ , also Romanized as Ātā Bolāghī ) is a village in Akhtachi - ye Mahali Rural District , Simmineh District , Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Krzywe Kolano ( ˈkʂɨvɛ kɔˈlanɔ ) ( translation : Askew knee ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziora Wielkie , within Mogilno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Wola Rokszycka ( ˈvɔla rɔkˈʂɨt͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
EMTÉ is a supermarket chain in the Netherlands .
Ataşehir is a modern suburban district of Istanbul , Turkey .
Kut Al Hayy Air Base is a former Iraqi Air Force base in the Maysan Governorate of Iraq .
Royal Air Force Halton or more simply RAF Halton is one of the largest Royal Air Force stations in the United Kingdom , located near the village of Halton near Wendover , Buckinghamshire .
Mifa ( also transliterated as Mifah or Al - Mifa , Arabic : الميفاء‎ ) , is a village in the sub - governorate of Bariq in the province of Asir , Saudi Arabia .
Obala is a town in Cameroon 's Centre Province , ca 45 km north of Yaoundé , the capital of Cameroon .
The ruins of Czorsztyn Castle ( German : Sub - Arx Oberschloss , Arx Czorstein ) are located in the southernmost part of Poland in Czorsztyn ( Nowy Targ County in Lesser Poland ) , at Czorsztyn Lake within Pieniny National Park borders .
König Palast or Kings Palace in English Language , is an Arena in Krefeld , Germany .
Three Empires Tower is skyscraper proposed to be located in Istanbul , Turkey .
Jim Anderton 's Progressive Party ( formed in 2002 as the Progressive Party and renamed after its founder in 2005 ) , was a New Zealand political party generally somewhat to the left of its ally , the Labour Party .
Torre Caney is the tallest building in Santo Domingo and the Dominican Republic .
Aguas Verdes ( literally `` green waters '' ) , is a town in the Zarumilla Province of the Tumbes Region in northwestern Peru .
Venyov ( Russian : Венёв ) is a town and the administrative center of Venyovsky District in Tula Oblast , Russia , located on the Venyovka River , 52 kilometers ( 32 mi ) east of Tula , the administrative center of the oblast .
Plzeň ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈpl̩.zɛɲ ) ) , also called Pilsen in English and German , is a city in western Bohemia in the Czech Republic .
Kafé 44 is a café and concert place on Tjärhovsgatan 46 in Stockholm , Sweden .
Camalú , Baja California , is a town on the Pacific coast Mexico 's Baja California Peninsula .
Al - Sabaa wa Arbain ( Arabic : السبعة وأربعين‎ ) is a town in southern al - Hasakah Governorate , northeastern Syria .
Musikproduktion Höflich is a music publisher established by Jürgen Höflich in Munich , Germany .
London and Continental Railways ( LCR ) is a property development company owned by the British Government for developing former railway land in the United Kingdom .
Canadian Voices is a public affairs radio series produced by CJLY - FM ( Kootenay Cooperative Radio ) , a volunteer - run non - profit community radio station in Nelson , British Columbia , Canada .
Sutherland Falls is a waterfall near Milford Sound in New Zealand 's South Island .
Kaseb Mahalleh ( Persian : كاسب محله‎ , also Romanized as Kāseb Maḩalleh ) is a village in northern Iran .
Turku Concert Hall ( Finnish : Turun konserttitalo , Swedish : Åbo konserthus ) is located on the north side of the Puutori market square in Turku , Finland .
Alidad - e Ebrahim ( Persian : عليدادابراهيم‎ , also Romanized as ʿAlīdād - e Ebrāhīm ) is a village in Qaleh - ye Khvajeh Rural District , in the Central District of Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Macleay Museum in Sydney , Australia , is a natural history museum located on the main campus of the University of Sydney .
The Grovabreen glacier is located in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Les Augrès Manor is a manor house on La Profonde Rue in the Vingtaine de Rozel in the parish of Trinity in Jersey .
Mount Binuluan ( also known as Ambalatungan ) is a remote volcano in the Kalinga province of the Cordillera Administrative Region ( CAR ) Region of the Philippines .
My High School Musical was a talent competition based on High School Musical 2 for the Disney Channel in the UK ( 8 January -- 8 April ) and in Australia ( 22 December - Jan 18 )
Zielone Kamedulskie ( ʑɛˈlɔnɛ kamɛˈdulskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suwałki , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Maqu County ( Tibetanརྨ་ཆུ་རྫོང,Rma chu rdzong ) is an administrative district in Gansu , the People 's Republic of China .
Mokrzesz ( ˈmɔkʂɛʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mstów , within Częstochowa County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Hekuli is a Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south - western Nepal .
Rangdum is in a valley situated 3,657 m ( 11,998 ft ) above the sea level , in an isolated region of the Suru valley in the Ladakh region in the state of Jammu and Kashmir in Northern India .
Maadi or al - Ma'adi ( Arabic : المعادى‎ / transliterated : al - Ma‛adi pronounced ( elmæˈʕæːdi ) ) is an affluent , leafy suburban district south of Cairo , Egypt on the east bank of the Nile about 12 km upriver from downtown Cairo .
Malanpur is an industrial town spread over 625 hectares in northern Madhya Pradesh state located in north - central India near to another similar unit of 833 hectares at Ghirongi .
College of Forestry , Dapoli , District Ratnagiri , Maharashtra ( India ) In the main campus of Dr. Balasaheb Sawant Konkan Krishi Vidyapeeth the College of Forestry was established on 1 August 2005 .
Zardeyn ( Persian : زردين‎ , also Romanized as Zardīn ; also known as Zardan and Zard Deh ) is a village in Zardeyn Rural District , Nir District , Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Moderates and Populars ( Italian : Moderati e Popolari , MeP ) is a regionalist - centrist political party in Italy active in Apulia .
Sikin Panjang ( also known as Sikin Panyang , Gloepak Sikin , Glupak Sikin , Jekinpandjang , Loedjoe Aceh , Loedjoe Atjeh , Loedjoe Naru , Ludju Naru , Narumo , Sekin Pandjang , Sekin Panjang , Sekin Pandjang , Sekin Panjang Meutatah , Thikin Panjang ) is a sword originating from northern Sumatra , Indonesia .
Chayly is a village in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Arraya Tower is a skyscraper completed in 2009 in Kuwait City , Kuwait .
Rus - M was a proposed launcher design which was intended to become Russia 's main launch vehicle for crewed spaceflight after 2018 , and an integral part of the Prospective Piloted Transport System which included a new manned spacecraft being developed to replace the Soyuz .
As of 2001 India census , Rampura Jawaharwala had a population of 1272 Males 693 and females 579 .
Malič ( Serbian Cyrillic : Малич ) is a mountain in western Serbia , near the town of Ivanjica .
Volcán Isluga National Park ( Spanish pronunciation : ( isˈluɣa ) ) is located in the Andes , in the Tarapacá Region of Chile , near Colchane and south of Lauca Biosphere Reserve .
Kilmurry - Negaul ( Irish : Cill Mhuire na nGall ) is a civil parish and a village in County Clare , Ireland .
PolyEast Records ( formerly EMI Philippines ) is a record label in the Philippines .
Juniorpress published Marvel Comics in the Netherlands and Belgium between 1978 and 2007 .
Słupia Valley Landscape Park ( Park Krajobrazowy Dolina Słupi ) is a protected area ( Landscape Park ) in northern Poland , established in 1981 , covering an area of 370.4 square kilometres ( 143.0 sq mi ) .
Sant Feliu de Llobregat ( IPA : ( ˈsaɱ fəˈɫiw ðə ʎuβɾəˈɣat ) ) is an industrial city and municipality in Catalonia , Spain , in the province of Barcelona .
Masvingo District encampases metropolitan Masvingo , in Masvingo Province in southern Zimbabwe .
The Treaty House at Waitangi in Northland , New Zealand , is the former house of the British Resident in New Zealand , James Busby .
Serra de Montsant is a mountain chain in Catalonia , Spain .
Raches ( Greek : Ράχες ) is a village and a former municipality on the island of Ikaria , North Aegean , Greece .
Tatul ( Bulgarian : Татул , the local name for Datura stramonium ) is a village in Momchilgrad municipality , Kardzhali Province located in the Eastern Rhodopes in southern Bulgaria .
The Taesongsan Funfair is an amusement park located in Mangyongdae - guyok , 12 kilometers from Pyongyang , North Korea .
Kalymnos Island National Airport ( Greek : Κρατικός Αερολιμένας Καλύμνου ) ( IATA : JKL , ICAO : LGKY ) is an airport on the island of Kalymnos in Greece .
South Molle Island , part of the Whitsunday Islands , is a resort island in the Whitsunday section of the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park in Australia .
The Charles E. Mills Secondary School ( formerly Sandy Point High School ) is a public high school in Sandy Point Town , Saint Kitts and Nevis .
Mosvik Church ( Norwegian : Mosvik kirke ) is a parish church serving the village of Mosvik in Inderøy , Norway .
The Red Sea Mall is a shopping mall located in the northern suburb of Jeddah in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia .
Sunhwa - dong is a legal dong , or neighbourhood of the Jung - gu district in Seoul , South Korea and governed by its administrative dong , Sogong - dong and Hoehyeon - dong .
Shortly after the Communists won the civil war in 1949 , Hotan was incorporated into the People 's Republic of China .
Pas de Peyrol ( el . 1,589 m ) is a mountain pass located in Auvergne , France , and is the highest road pass in the Massif Central .
Busot ( Valencian : ( buˈzɔt ) , Spanish : ( buˈsot ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of Alacantí in the Valencian Community , Spain .
Sopan Baug is a posh area in Pune , Maharashtra , western India .
The United Pentecostal and Evangelical Churches ( Dutch : Verenigde Pinkster- en Evangeliegemeenten , abbreviated VPE ) is the largest Pentecostal and evangelical Christian denomination in the Netherlands .
The Calliope Range are a small low mountain range in southwestern British Columbia , Canada , located on the western end of Broughton Island and northeast of Port McNeill .
Sespel ( Russian : Сеспель ; Chuvash : Çеçпĕл ) is a rural locality ( a village ) and the administrative center of Sespelskoye Rural Settlement of Kanashsky District in the Chuvash Republic , Russia .
The Oberösterreichische Nachrichten ( OÖN ) is a German language regional newspaper published in Linz , Austria .
Laugarvatn is a lake and small town in the south of Iceland .
Mściszewo ( mɕt͡ɕiˈʂɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Murowana Goślina , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Olintepeque ( Spanish pronunciation : ( olinteˈpeke ) ) is a municipality in the Quetzaltenango department of Guatemala .
Janjila ( Cyrillic : Јањила ) is a village in the municipality of Bosanski Petrovac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Main - Neckar Railway ( German : Main - Neckar -- Eisenbahn , MNE ) is a main line railway west of the Odenwald in the Upper Rhine Plain of Germany that connects Frankfurt am Main to Heidelberg via Darmstadt , Bensheim and Weinheim .
Isca Yacu , located in northern Argentina , is a town in Jiménez Department , Santiago del Estero Province .
Kinwa Urqu ( Quechua kinwa quinoa , urqu mountain , `` quinoa mountain '' , hispanicized spelling Quenuaorco ) is a mountain in the northwestern part of the Willkapampa mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 4,900 metres ( 16,076 ft ) high .
Stadio Alberto Pinto is a municipal stadium in Caserta , Italy .
Bazenville Airfield is a former World War II airfield , located 1.8 km east of Bazenville in the Basse - Normandie region , France .
Bargan ( Persian : بارگان‎ , also Romanized as Bārgān and Bargān ; also known as Bārgūn and Barkān ) is a village in Rostaq Rural District , Rostaq District , Darab County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Alliance Graduate School ( IGGY ) is the CAMACOP 's graduate school of theology in Quezon City , Philippines housed together with Philippine Alliance College of Theology ( PACT ) .
Abisko National Park ( Swedish : Abisko nationalpark ) is a National Park in Sweden , established in 1909 .
Créteil ( French pronunciation : ​(kʁe.tɛj ) ) is a commune in the southeastern suburbs of Paris , France .
Beykent University is a foundation university in Istanbul , Turkey , teaching in English , Russian Combined and Turkish with 17,059 students .
The University of Gadarif ( also called Gedaref , Gedarif or El Gadarif ) is a public university in the town of Al Qadarif , capital of the state of Al Qadarif in Sudan .
Budzisk - Bagno ( ˈbud͡ʑisk ˈbaɡnɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Janów , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Dempsey Bob , carver Dale Campbell , carver Father J.M. Mouchet , Oblate priest Lived in Telegraph Creek when he first came to Canada .
NEE ( Dutch for no ) is a political protest group whose goal was to provide an alternative for voters who are unhappy with all political parties at hand in Belgium , where voting is compulsory .
Zamęty ( zaˈmɛntɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mycielin , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Sembilang National Park is a national park covering 2,051 km2 along the east coast of Sumatra , Indonesia .
Feins ( Breton : Finioù , Gallo : Feins ) is a commune in the Ille - et - Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France .
Afif - Abad Garden ( Persian : باغ عفیف آباد - Bāq e Afif - Ābād‎ ) , originally the Golshan Garden ( Persian : باغ گلشن - Bāq e Golshan‎ ) , is a museum complex in Shiraz , Iran .
Fardis ( Persian : فردیس ) is a city in fardis , Alborz Province , Iran .
Chah ol Madin ( Persian : چاه ال مدين‎ , also Romanized as Chāh ol Madīn and Chāholmahdīn ) is a village in Chah Dadkhoda Rural District , Chah Dadkhoda District , Qaleh Ganj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Loppa Church ( Norwegian : Loppa kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Loppa in Finnmark county , Norway .
Bácsszentgyörgy ( Serbo - Croatian : Đurić ) is a border village and municipality in Bács - Kiskun county , in the Southern Great Plain region of southern Hungary towards Serbia .
Lysá pod Makytou ( Hungarian : Fehérhalom ) is a village and municipality in Púchov District in the Trenčín Region of north - western Slovakia .
The Vacacaí River ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( vakakaˈi ) ) is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil .
Sam Nujoma Street is one of the main streets of Harare , Zimbabwe .
Goudurix is a steel roller coaster located Parc Astérix in France .
The Lubue River runs from south to north through Idiofa Territory , Kwilu District , Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Indingilizi Gallery is an art gallery in Mbabane , Swaziland , established in 1982 .
Jaunpiebalga parish ( Latvian : Jaunpiebalgas pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Jaunpiebalga Municipality , Latvia .
Sanjwal Cantonment is a cantonment town in Attock district , Punjab province , Pakistan .
Anderson Secondary School is a co - educational government school in Ang Mo Kio , Singapore , covering Secondary 1 to Secondary 5 ( usually ages 12 to 17 ) .
University of Barisal ( Bengali : বরিশাল বিশ্ববিদ্যালয় Boriśāl Biśbôbidyālôẏ also known as Barisal University or simply BU ) , is a public university located in Barisal , a city in southern Bangladesh .
Oborniki Śląskie ( ɔbɔrˈɲikʲi ˈɕlɔ̃skʲɛ ) ( German : Obernigk ) is a town in southwestern Poland .
Arenal Volcano Emergency Forest Reserve is a Forest Reserve , part of the Arenal Huetar Norte Conservation Area , in the northern part of Costa Rica in the emergency zone of the Arenal Volcano .
The Tiwai Point Aluminium Smelter is owned by New Zealand 's Aluminium Smelter , which in turn is owned by Rio Tinto Aluminium ( RTA ) ( 79.36 % ) and the Sumitomo Chemical Company ( 20.64 % ) .
Saaremaa Shipping Company ( Estonian : Saaremaa Laevakompanii ) is the company servicing main sea routes between Estonia 's continent and two major islands , Saaremaa and Hiiumaa .
Hotel Riu Plaza Guadalajara is a skyscraper located in the city of Guadalajara , Mexico .
Pomorie ( Bulgarian : Поморие ) is a town and seaside resort in southeastern Bulgaria , located on a narrow rocky peninsula in Burgas Bay on the southern Bulgarian Black Sea Coast .
Studena Gora ( pronounced ( stuˈdeːna ˈɡɔːɾa ) ; Italian : Studena in Monte ) is a small settlement southwest of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Constituency PP-117 is a constituency of Provincial Assembly of the Punjab in Punjab , Pakistan .
German submarine U-213 was a Type VIID mine - laying U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II .
The Poncione d'Arzo is a mountain of the Lugano Prealps , located on the border between Switzerland and Italy , about 250 meters east of Monte Pravello .
SOS Homophobie is a LGBT support organization based in France that deals with homophobia .
Morfil ( French : Ile à Morfil ; literally , `` Ivory Island '' ) lies between the River Senegal and the Doué River in northern Senegal .
Ożarów Mazowiecki ( ɔˈʐaruf mazɔˈvʲɛt͡skʲi ) is a town in Poland , just to the west of Warsaw , in Mazowsze Voivodship .
Unterer Hauenstein Pass ( el . 691 m. ) is a mountain pass in the Jura Mountains between the canton of Basel - Country and Solothurn in Switzerland .
The Wag Islands are an uninhabited Canadian arctic islands group in Kivalliq Region , Nunavut , Canada .
The 2007 European Grand Prix ( formally the LI Grand Prix of Europe ) was a Formula One motor race held at Nürburgring , Nürburg , Germany on 22 July 2007 .
Sjernarøy Church ( Norwegian : Sjernarøy kirke ) is a parish church in Finnøy municipality in Rogaland county , Norway .
Dobrolevo ( Bulgarian : Добролево ) is a village in Northwestern Bulgaria .
Nazil ( Persian : نازيل‎ , also Romanized as Nāzīl ; also known as Nārīl ) is a village in Nazil Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
St Mary 's Seminary was established in 1850 by New Zealand 's first Catholic bishop , Jean Baptiste François Pompallier .
The Salt Pit is the codename of an isolated clandestine CIA black site prison and interrogation center in Afghanistan .
Ramyal is a small village in Lower Dir District , Malakand region of Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan .
Göming is a municipality in the district of Salzburg - Umgebung in the state of Salzburg in Austria .
Mulluq'u ( Aymara for round , round head and swirl , hispanicized spellings Mollocco , Molloco , Molloko ) is an archaeological site in Peru .
Corlay ( Breton : Korle , Gallo : Corlaè ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
Boguchany Airport ( Russian : аэропорт Богучаны ) ( ICAO : UNKB ) is a small airport in Russia located in Boguchany .
Jidvei ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ʒidˈvej ) , Hungarian : Zsidve , German : Seiden ) is a commune in Alba county , Romania , located on the Târnava River .
Cink ( pronounced ( ˈtsiːŋk ) , also Frata ; German : Zinken ) is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in southern Slovenia .
Kislaya Guba ( meaning sour bay in Russian ) is a fjord on the Kola Peninsula near Murmansk , Russia .
The Wiener Internationale Gartenschau 74 ( English : Vienna International Garden Show 74 ) , often shortened to WIG 74 , was a garden festival held Vienna , Austria .
Villette Sonique is a yearly music festival in Parc de la Villette in Paris , France featuring a combination of experimental music , Noise rock , Electronic and other genres .
Cerro de Coxóm is a stratovolcano in Totonicapán in western Guatemala .
Teshniz ( Persian : تشنيز‎ , also Romanized as Teshnīz and Tashniz ) is a village in Kiar - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Kiar County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Gülyataq ( also , Gioulatagh , Gyul’yatag , and Gyulat’agh ) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Villa Ángela is a city in the province of Chaco , Argentina , 186 km west of the provincial capital Resistencia .
Phénix ( French for phoenix ) was a small - scale ( gross 264/net 233 MWe ) prototype fast breeder reactor , located at the Marcoule nuclear site , near Orange , France .
The University Library of Graz ( German : Universitätsbibliothek Graz ) , in the Austrian city of Graz , is the largest scientific and public library in Styria and the third largest in Austria .
Legnaia is a rione ( historical district ) in Florence , Italy .
Nahr - e Afadeleh ( Persian : نهرعفادله‎ , also Romanized as Nahr - e ʿAfādeleh ) is a village in Minubar Rural District , Arvandkenar District , Abadan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Éragny ( sometimes unofficially called Éragny - sur - Oise ) is a commune in the northwestern suburbs of Paris , France .
Margarita Province ( 1525 - 1864 ) was one of the provinces of the Spanish Empire , then one of the provinces of Gran Colombia , and later one of the Provinces of Venezuela .
Granity Pass lies between Mt Bell and Billies Knob in the Kahurangi National Park , New Zealand .
El - Bawiti ( Arabic : الباويطي , al - Bāwīṭī ) is a town in the Western desert in Egypt .
Villacibrán ( variant : Viḷḷacibrán ) is one of 54 parish councils in Cangas del Narcea , a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias , in northern Spain .
The United Kingdom Census 2011 considered the village as four relevant output layers , approximately a third of the ward Shere , the latter being used for elections to Guildford Borough Council .
Dahr El Maghara ( also spelled Dahr El Mghara or Dahr Al Magharah ; Arabic : ﺿﻬﺮ ﺍﻟﻤﻐﺎﺭﺓ‎ ) is a small Lebanese Christian village that is located 33 ° 41′N 35 ° 27′E , about 20 km south of Beirut in the Chouf region of Mount Lebanon .
The Mohokos is the highest peak of a hill range situated in Međimurje County , northern Croatia .
The Independence Hall of Korea ( Korean : 독립기념관 ; Dongnip kinyeomgwan ) is a Korean history museum in Cheonan , South Korea .
The Betong Mongkhonrit Tunnel ( Thai : อุโมงค์เบตงมงคลฤทธิ์ ) is the first and largest road tunnel in Thailand .
Ölmstad Church ( Swedish : Ölmstads kyrka ) is a church building in Ölmstad , Sweden .
Dziennice ( d͡ʑɛnˈnit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowrocław , within Inowrocław County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Asnières - sur - Seine ( French pronunciation : ​(a.njɛʁ syʁ sɛn ) ) is a commune in the northwestern suburbs of Paris , France , along the river Seine .
Nørrebroparken is a park in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Stutensee is a town in northern Karlsruhe district in Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
The Bargello , also known as the Palazzo del Bargello , Museo Nazionale del Bargello , or Palazzo del Popolo ( Palace of the People ) is a former barracks and prison , now an art museum , in Florence , Italy .
Givat HaShlosha ( Hebrew : גִּבְעַת הַשְּׁלֹשָׁה , lit . Hill of the three ) is a kibbutz in central Israel , about 4 km east of Petah Tikva , near the Yarkon river .
Sochocin ( sɔˈxɔt͡ɕin ) is a village in Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Yonghwasan is a mountain in the city of Chuncheon and the county of Hwacheon , Gangwon - do in South Korea .
Azufral is a volcano located in the department of Nariño in southern Colombia , 12 km ( 7 mi ) west of the town of Túquerres .
Fedashkuyeh ( Persian : فدشكويه‎ , also Romanized as Fedashkūyeh , Fedeshkūyeh , and Fedshkūyeh ; also known as Fāshkūyeh , Fedeshkūh , Fidishkun , and Fīdūshkūh ) is a village in Fedashkuyeh Rural District , Shibkaveh District , Fasa County , Fars Province , Iran .
Launceston Castle ( Cornish : Kastell Lannstefan ) is located in the town of Launceston , Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Peetaliya Balaji , also known as Balaji ka Nagla is a village in Mahwa town , Dausa district , Rajasthan , India .
Śniadka Pierwsza ( ˈɕɲatka ˈpjɛrfʂa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzentyn , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Câmpina ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈkɨmpina ) ) is a city in Prahova county , Romania , north of the county seat Ploieşti , located on the main route between Wallachia and Transylvania .
Ignatius Park College in Townsville , Queensland , Australia , is an all boys ' school part of the Edmund Rice schools network that operates under the direction of the Congregation of Christian Brothers .
Porin Palloilijat or FC PoPa is a Finnish football club , based in the city of Pori in Finland .
China Bay Airport ( Tamil : சீனக்குடா விமான நிலையம் , Sinhala : චීන වරාය ගුවන්තොටුපළ ) ( IATA : TRR , ICAO : VCCT ) is an air force base and domestic airport in China Bay in eastern Sri Lanka .
Wola Żytowska ( ˈvɔla ʐɨˈtɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pabianice , within Pabianice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Karunya University ( formerly Karunya Institute of Technology and Sciences , KITS ) is a fully residential , Evangelical Christian University located in Coimbatore , India .
The Buenos Aires Western Railway ( in Spanish : Ferrocarril Oeste de Buenos Aires ) , inaugurated in the city of Buenos Aires on 29 August 1857 , was the first railway built in Argentina and the start of the extensive rail network which was developed over the following years .
Cavallino ( Sybar la : Sybar ( Lupiae ) Latin ) is a town and comune in the Italian province of Lecce in the Apulia region of south - east Italy .
Žaloviče ( pronounced ( ˈʒaːlɔʋitʃɛ ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Šmarješke Toplice in southeastern Slovenia .
Greve in Chianti ( the old name was Greve ; in 1972 was renamed Greve in Chianti after the inclusion of that area in the Chianti wine district ) is a town and comune ( municipality ) in the province of Florence , Tuscany , Italy .
Eshkeri ( Persian : اشكري‎ , also Romanized as Eshkerī ) is a village in Khafri Rural District , in the Central District of Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Vecborne Manor ( Latvian : Vecbornes muiža ) is a manor house in the historical region of Latgale , in eastern Latvia .
Haranpur is a town and union council of Pind Dadan Khan Tehsil in Jhelum District , Punjab province , Pakistan , it is located at 32 ° 36'11N 73 ° 8'53E.
Selo nad Laškim ( pronounced ( ˈsɛːlɔ nat ˈlaːʃkim ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia .
Neuillé - le - Lierre is a French commune located in the Indre - et - Loire department in central France - Val de Loire .
Brekken ( Southern Sami : Prahke ) is a village and former municipality in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
St. Paul 's Gallery is a commercial art gallery , the largest in the United Kingdom outside London .
Poniec ( ˈpɔɲet͡s ) is a town situated in the southern part of the Greater Poland Voivodeship ( since 1999 ) , formerly in Leszno Voivodeship ( 1975 - 1998 ) , in Poland .
Real estate boom in India and Chennai had its course in Moulivakkam too .
HITEC University , Taxila , more commonly known as HITEC University , is a private - sector university located in Taxila , Punjab , Pakistan .
Simonopetra Monastery ( Greek : Σιμωνόπετρα , literally : `` Simon 's Rock '' ) , also Monastery of Simonos Petra ( Greek : Μονή Σίμωνος Πέτρας ) , is an Eastern Orthodox monastery in the monastic state of Mount Athos in Greece .
Ali Koli ( Persian : علي كلي‎ , also Romanized as `` Alī Kolī ; also known as Emāmīyeh ) is a village in Borj - e Akram Rural District , in the Central District of Fahraj County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 87 , in 19 families .
Tammisaari prison camp was a prison in Dragsvik , Ekenäs in Finland .
The Grand Ballon ( German : Großer Belchen ) or Great Belchen is the highest mountain of the Vosges , located 25 kilometres northwest of Mulhouse , France .
Varna Airport ( Bulgarian : Летище Варна , Letishte Varna ) ( IATA : VAR , ICAO : LBWN ) is the airport of Varna , the historical maritime capital of Bulgaria .
The Zabergäu - Gymnasium Brackenheim ( abbreviation : ZGB ) is a general - education grammar school in Brackenheim , Germany .
Następowo ( nastɛmˈpɔvɔ ) ( German : Wilhelmshof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Miyako Nanseien Sanatorium , ( National Sanatorium Miyako Nanseien ) is a sanatorium for leprosy and ex - leprosy patients at Miyakojima , Okinawa Prefecture , Japan , starting in 1931 .
Migmatittodden ( English : Migmatite Head ) is the southern headland of Phippsøya , one of Sjuøyane , north of Nordaustlandet , Svalbard , Norway .
Pokr Ayrum ( Armenian : Փոքր Այրում ) , is a village in the Lori Province of Armenia .
Rešov ( Ukrainian : Ряшів , Riashiv ) is a village and municipality in Bardejov District in the Prešov Region of north - east Slovakia .
Pongrce ( pronounced ( pɔŋˈɡəɾtsɛ ) ) is a small village in the Municipality of Kidričevo in northeastern Slovenia .
Kosteryovo ( Russian : Костерёво ) is a town in Petushinsky District of Vladimir Oblast , Russia , located on the Lipnya River ( Klyazma 's tributary ) , 52 kilometers ( 32 mi ) west of Vladimir , the administrative center of the oblast .
Posejanka ( pɔsɛˈjaŋka ) , is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
Akhmerovsky Forest ( Russian : лес Ахмеровский ) is a forest in the northwestern part of Ishimbaysky District of Bashkortostan ( Russia ) .
Gerakan Wanita Sosialis was a women 's organization in Indonesia .
R. G. Kar Medical College and Hospital is medical school and hospital in Kolkata , West Bengal , India .
Damnica ( damˈnit͡sa ) ( German Hebrondamnitz ) is a village in Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Voivodinovo ( Bulgarian : Войводиново ) is a village in the Plovdiv Province , southern Bulgaria .
Valmojado ( Spanish : ( balmoˈxado ) ) is a municipality located in the province of Toledo , Castile - La Mancha , Spain .
Divarata is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Pylaros , northern Cephalonia , Greece .
The Wayatinah Power Station is a run - of - the - river hydroelectric power station located in the Central Highlands region of Tasmania , Australia .
Nahalal ( Hebrew : נַהֲלָל ) in northern Israel was a Levitical city mentioned in the Hebrew Bible , and is now a moshav .
The Via Gallica was an ancient road of northern Italy which connected the Roman municipia of the Pianura Padana .
Kafanchan is a town in southern Kaduna State in north - central Nigeria .
The United Kingdom Census 2001 states the population of Thorpe Willoughby to be 2,822 , falling to 2,725 at the 2011 Census .
Park Royal Shopping Centre , opened in 1950 , is a shopping mall located in West Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
International Hospital Kampala ( IHK ) is a private healthcare facility owned by the International Medical Group , the largest private healthcare group in Uganda .
Nivan is a populated place in Gjirokastër County , southern Albania .
Rig Band Sar ( Persian : ريگ بندسر‎ , also Romanized as Rīg Band Sar ; also known as Rīg Sar ) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Aluva East is the name of a village in Aluva , Ernakulam district in the state of Kerala , India .
Lachowo ( laˈxɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno , within Kolno County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Mõniste , formerly known by its German name Menzen , is a village in Mõniste Parish , Võru County in southeastern Estonia .
Plavitsa River ( Russian : Плавица ) is a river that flows within the basin of the Don River in Voronezh Oblast , Lipetsk Oblast and Tambov Oblast , Russia .
Boorabbin National Park is a national park in Western Australia , between Coolgardie and Southern Cross .
Mashhadi Muri ( Persian : مشهدي موري‎ , also Romanized as Mashhadī Mūrī ) is a village in Dehdasht - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
JSC Chemical Plant Karpov is a joint stock company which runs the oldest chemical plant in Russia .
Forres was a parliamentary burgh , combined with Inverness , Fortrose and Nairn , in the Inverness Burghs constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of Great Britain from 1708 to 1801 and of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1801 to 1918 .
Chelcheragh ( Chandelier in English ) is a weekly social and news magazine printed in Tehran , Iran .
The Sierra Nevada del Cocuy Chita o Guican National Natural Park ( or Sierra Nevada de Chita or Sierra Nevada de Güicán , Spanish : Parque Natural Sierra Nevada del Cocuy Chita o Guican is a national park and a set of highlands within the Cordillera Oriental mountain range in the Andes Mountains of Colombia .
Upper Bhavani is in The Nilgiris District , Tamil Nadu , India .
In 2011 , Unhaggle was among twelve businesses in Canada and the only business from the Greater Toronto Area to be invited to the International Startup Festival in Montreal to present to investors and industry professionals .
The area which Itabira is located is one of the most important culturally and economically of Minas Gerais and of Brazil , possessing an important historical collection for the construction of the history of the Brazilian people .
The Bibliothèque de l'Arsenal ( Library of the Arsenal , founded 1757 ) in Paris has been part of the Bibliothèque nationale de France since 1934 .
Fresno de la Vega ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈfɾezno ðe la ˈβeɣa ) ) , Fresnu de la Veiga in Leonese language , is a municipality located in the province of León , Castile and León , Spain .
Zalavas ( Polish : Zułów ) is a small village in Švenčionys district municipality , Lithuania .
Gudauta ( , Gudauta ; , Gwdowtha ; , Gudauta ) is a town in Abkhazia and a centre of the eponymous district .
Mount Zero - Taravale Sanctuary is a 600 km² nature reserve in north - east Queensland , Australia , 60 km north - west of Townsville .
Thai Airways International Public Company Limited , also trading as THAI ( SET : THAI , Thai : บริษัท การบินไทย จำกัด ( มหาชน ) ) is the flag carrier airline of Thailand .
Kubrzany ( kuˈbʐanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabne , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in northeastern Poland .
Hpakant ( Burmese : ဖားကန့် ; also Hpakan and Farkent ) , is a town in Hpakant Township , Kachin State of the northernmost part of the Union of Myanmar .
The township of Waihola lies between Dunedin and Milton , New Zealand in Otago , in New Zealand 's South Island .
Reykjavík International Film Festival ( RIFF ; Icelandic : Alþjóðleg kvikmyndahátíð í Reykjavík ) is an international film festival held annually in Reykjavík , Iceland .
Giewont ( ( ˈɡʲɛvɔnt ) ) is a mountain massif in the Tatra Mountains of Poland , and is 1,895 metres AMSL at its highest .
Teshio Mountains ( 天塩山地 Teshio - sanchi ) is a mountain range of Hokkaidō , Japan .
Gareva ( Serbian Cyrillic : Гарева ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Neyasar Rural District ( Persian : دهستان نياسر‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Neyasar District , Kashan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Chencha ( also known as Dincha ) is a town in southern Ethiopia .
Tsangano District is a district of Tete Province in western Mozambique .
Concert At Sea is a pop festival in the Netherlands held every summer ( end of June ) on the Brouwersdam in the province of Zeeland .
Mersin Interfaith Cemetery ( Turkish : Mersin Şehir Mezarlığı ) , also called Mersin Asri Cemetery and Akbelen Cemetery , is a burial ground in Mersin , Turkey .
Altiplanicie de Almansa is a comarca of the Province of Albacete , Spain .
Wepener is a village in the Free State , South Africa , located near the border with Lesotho .
Zlatorog Arena ( Slovene : Dvorana Zlatorog ) is an indoor sporting arena located in Celje , Slovenia and it was opened in December 2003 .
Galiakot is a census town in Dungarpur District of Rajasthan , India .
Fesha - e Sofla ( Persian : فشائسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Feshā''-e Soflá ; also known as Feshāh - e Soflá , Foshāh - e Pāīn , and Pashá - e Soflá ) is a village in Montazeriyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Farin Ruwa Falls is a waterfall found in the central region of Nigeria .
Ab Qalat ( Persian : اب قلات‎ , also Romanized as Āb Qalāt and Ābqalāt ) is a village in Jaydasht Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran .
Everöd Church ( Swedish : Everöds kyrka ) is a medieval Lutheran church in Everöd in the province of Scania , Sweden .
Bečaje ( pronounced ( bɛˈtʃaːjɛ ) ) is a small settlement northeast of Begunje pri Cerknici in the Municipality of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Sterkstroom is a settlement in Inkwanca Local Municipality of the Chris Hani District in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa .
Tanji is a town in Gambia , along the Atlantic coast .
Waverley Municipal Council ( or Waverley Council ) is a local government area in the eastern suburbs of Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia .
Margan - e Esmail Kandi ( Persian : مرگن اسماعيل كندي‎ , also Romanized as Margan - e Esmā``īl Kandī ) is a village in Qarah Quyun - e Jonubi Rural District , Qarah Quyun District , Showt County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 416 , in 92 families .
Lubomino ( lubɔˈminɔ ) ( German Arnsdorf ) is a village in Lidzbark County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Aleh Negev ( Hebrew : עָלֶה נֶגֶב ) is a rehabilitation village for disabled children and adults in southern Israel .
Aghapura ( Telugu : అఘపుర ) ( Urdu : آغاپورہ‎ ) is a neighbourhood in Hyderabad , India .
Jogbani is a town , a notified area and a railway station in Araria District of Bihar state , India .
Gaurishankar Conservation Area is a protected area in the Himalayas of Nepal that has been established in January 2010 , covering 2,179 km2 ( 841 sq mi ) in the Ramechhap , Dolakha and Sindhupalchok districts and encompassing 22 Village Development Committees .
Artavazik Church ( Armenian : Արտավազիկ եկեղեցի ) of the 7th century is located in a stone field one kilometer northeast just a little outside the village of Byurakan in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
Kaimata is a locality in Taranaki , New Zealand .
Dagebüll lighthouse is a retired lighthouse in Dagebüll , Nordfriesland , Germany .
The Council House of Villarrobledo ( Spanish : Casa consistorial de Villarrobledo ) is a council house located in Villarrobledo , Spain .
Abovce ( Hungarian : Abafalva ) is a village and municipality in the Rimavská Sobota District of the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia .
Nabta Playa was once a large internally drained basin in the Nubian Desert , located approximately 800 kilometers south of modern - day Cairo or about 100 kilometers west of Abu Simbel in southern Egypt , 22.51 ° north , 30.73 ° east .
Chutes Provincial Park is a recreation class provincial park in Sables - Spanish Rivers , Ontario near the community of Massey , Ontario , Canada .
The Livigno Alps are a mountain range in the Alps of eastern Switzerland and northern Italy , around the Italian village Livigno .
San José del Guaviare is a town and municipality in Colombia , capital of the department of Guaviare by the Guaviare River .
Durban High School is an all - boys public school in Durban , South Africa .
Litmanová ( Rusyn : Літманова , Litmanova ; Ukrainian : Литманова , Lytmanova ; German : Littmannsau ; Hungarian : Hársád - until 1902 Littmanova ) is a village and municipality in Stará Ľubovňa District in the Prešov Region of northern Slovakia .
The Rienz ( Italian : Rienza , German : Rienz ) is a river in South Tyrol , Italy .
McKinnon 's Pond is a lake just north of St. John 's , Antigua and Barbuda , the capital of its country .
They live in many parts of Pakistan and India including Kaddi , Zaida , Marghuz , Lahor , Beka , Sala , Haryan in Pakistan and Bhopal , Delhi , Agraa and Pathan Kot in India .
Chah Gorg ( Persian : چاه گرگ‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Gorg ; also known as Chāh - e Gol and Chāh Gol ) is a village in Nargesan Rural District , Jebalbarez - e Jonubi District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Citadelle of Quebec ( French : Citadelle de Québec ) , also known as La Citadelle , is an active military installation and official residence of both the Canadian monarch and the Governor General of Canada .
Mallazai or Malazai is a settlement in the Quetta District of the province of Balochistan , Pakistan .
Bir Shreshtha Noor Mohammad Public College ( BNMPC ) ( Bengali : বীরশ্রেষ্ঠ নূর মোহাম্মদ পাবলিক কলেজ ) ( formerly known as Bir Shreshtha Noor Mohammad Rifles Public School & College ( BNMRPSC ) ) is a Bangladeshi Secondary School and College situated inside the Border Guards Bangladesh ( BGB ) HQ in Dhanmondi , Dhaka .
The Imjin River ( Hangul : 임진강 in South Korea ) or Rimjin River ( Chosŏn'gŭl : 림진강 in North Korea ) is the 7th largest river in Korea .
Donja Kočela ( Serbian Cyrillic : Доња Кочела ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Exploits Valley Salmon Festival is an annual festival held in Grand Falls - Windsor of the Exploits Valley , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada that dates back to 1985 .
The Luard Islands are an archipelago off the coast of Port Moresby , Papua New Guinea .
Haselbachtal is a municipality in the district of Bautzen in the Free State of Saxony , Germany with a population of 4,648 .
The Scottish Liberal Democrats ( Scottish Gaelic : Libearal Deamocratach na h - Alba , Scots : Scots Leeberal Democrats ) is a social - liberal , unionist , political party in Scotland .
Taksimo Airport is an airport in Russia located 3 km northeast of Taksimo .
Downtown Dubai , previously known as Downtown Burj Dubai , is a large - scale , mixed - use complex under development in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Sikaiana ( formerly called the Stewart Islands ) is a small atoll in the Solomon Islands 212 km NE of Malaita .
Kolleg St. Ludwig is a campus located in Vlodrop , The Netherlands .
Vaskareh ( Persian : وسكاره‎ , also Romanized as Vaskāreh and Vesgāreh ; also known as Vesgāh ) is a village in Abali Rural District , Rudehen District , Damavand County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Joghol - e Olya ( Persian : جغل عليا‎ , also Romanized as Joghol - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District , Nazarkahrizi District , Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 71 , in 17 families .
Armstrong railway station is located in the town of Armstrong , Ontario , Canada .
The Finger Wharf or Woolloomooloo Wharf is a wharf in Woolloomooloo Bay , Sydney , Australia .
Thermaikos ( Greek : Θερμαϊκός ) is a suburban municipality of the regional unit of Thessaloniki , Greece .
Hinako Islands is a group of small islands off the coast of Nias Island in the North Sumatra Province of Indonesia .
The Teatro Metastasio is a theatre located in Prato , Italy .
The Zinalrothorn ( 4,221 m ) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland .
Srinagar Jammu National Highway is the part of National Highway 1A ( India ) system and connects Srinagar ( kashmir valley ) with Jammu City .
The Sydney College of Divinity ( SCD ) is a consortium of Christian theological educational institutions and bible colleges based in Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Efjorden ( Norwegian ) or Áhtávuodna ( Lule Sami ) is a fjord in the municipality of Ballangen in Nordland county , Norway .
Parktown Boys ' High School is a public high school for boys in Parktown , a suburb of Johannesburg , South Africa .
Jane Furse is a small rural town in the Sekhukhune District Municipality in the Limpopo Province , South Africa .
Eminów ( ɛˈminuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokiciny , within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Bukit Putus Viaduct is the second highest bridge in Malaysia .
The Nova Scotia Lighthouse Preservation Society ( NSLPS ) is a non profit charitable organization that works to save lighthouses in the province of Nova Scotia , Canada .
The Royal Bull 's Head Inn is a heritage - listed historical hotel located in Drayton , Queensland , Australia .
Arnac - sur - Dourdou ( Occitan : Arnac ) is a French commune in the Aveyron department in the Midi - Pyrénées region of southern France .
Chowk Pindori is located near Kallar Sayedan about 30 km away from Rawalpindi , Pakistan .
Khoshuiyeh ( Persian : خشوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Khoshū’īyeh and Khoshū’īeh ; also known as Khowshū’īyeh and Zard Khoshū’īyeh ) is a village in Cham Rud Rural District , Bagh - e Bahadoran District , Lenjan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Przeginia Narodowa ( pʂɛˈɡiɲa narɔˈdɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernichów , within Kraków County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Mount Xiqiao is a 40- to 50-million - year - old extinct volcano situated in the south west of the Nanhai District , Foshan , Guangdong , People 's Republic of China some 68 km ( 42 mi ) from Guangzhou .
Tamarang Shire is a former local government area in New South Wales , Australia .
The Athenaeum or Melbourne Athenaeum is one of the oldest public institutions in Victoria , Australia , founded in 1839 .
Reigilaid is a small islet in the Baltic Sea belonging to the country of Estonia .
Shuraq Gol ( Persian : شوراق گل‎ , also Romanized as Shūrāq Gol ; also known as Shūrāghol ) is a village in Chaybasar - e Shomali Rural District , Bazargan District , Maku County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Markvelde is a hamlet in the eastern Netherlands .
The Hutt Valley is the large area of fairly flat land in the Hutt River valley in the Wellington region of New Zealand .
Maniowy ( maˈɲɔvɨ ) is a village in southern Poland situated in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship about 19 kilometres ( 12 mi ) east of Nowy Targ and 71 km ( 44 mi ) south of the regional capital Kraków .
Qillwiri ( Aymara qillwa , qiwña , qiwlla Andean gull , -(i)ri a suffix , also spelled Khellhuiri ) is a mountain in the Andes on the border of Bolivia and Chile .
Djarindjin is a medium - sized Aboriginal community located 170 km from Broome in the Kimberley Region of Western Australia , within the Shire of Broome .
Årby or Årby housing projects is one of the public housing and private owned developments in Eskilstuna , Sweden .
Rapti Bobani ( Serbian Cyrillic : Рапти Бобани ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Dečani Bistrica ( Serbo - Croatian : Dečanska Bistrica ; Serbian pronunciation : ( detʃani ) , Serbian Cyrillic : Дечанска Бистрица ; Albanian : Bistrica e Deçanit or Lumbardhi i Deçanit ) is a river in Kosovo .
Zubovskaya Bay ( Russian : Зубовская губа ) is a body of water ( bay ) on the northwestern coast of the Kola Peninsula , Murmansk Oblast , Russia .
Nivillac ( Breton : Nivilieg ) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north - western France .
The ruins of Aguntum are Roman site in East Tirol , Austria , located approximately 4 km east of Lienz in the Drau valley .
Nimdangi ( Persian : نيمدانگي‎ , also Romanized as Nīmdāngī and Nīm Dāngī ) is a village in Dorudfaraman Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Zec Lavigne is a `` zone d'exploitation contrôlée '' ( Controlled harvesting zone ) ( ZEC ) located at north of Saint - Côme , in administrative region of Lanaudière , in Quebec , in Canada .
Sidi Khouiled ( Arabic : ﺳﻴﺪي ﺧﻮﻳﻠﺪ‎ ) is a town and commune , and capital of Sidi Khouiled District , in Ouargla Province , Algeria .
Baseball New Brunswick is the provincial governing body for baseball in New Brunswick , Canada .
Gagnef is the second largest locality situated in Gagnef Municipality , Dalarna County , Sweden with 1,049 inhabitants in 2010 .
The Collegium Canisianum or simply Canisianum in Innsbruck , Austria , is an international priests ' seminary of the Roman Catholic church run by the Jesuits .
Valathala is a place located in the town of Nemmara , Palakkad district , Kerala , India .
Vila Nova da Barquinha ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈvilɐ ˈnɔvɐ ðɐ βɐɾˈkiɲɐ ) ) is a municipality in the district of Santarém in Portugal .
Żagań ( ˈʐaɡaɲ ) ( French and German : Sagan , Upper Sorbian : Zahań , Czech : Zaháň , Latin : Saganum ) is a town on the Bóbr river in western Poland , with 26,253 inhabitants ( 2010 ) .
Hoseynabad - e Qashqai ( Persian : حسين ابادقشقايي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Qashqā’ī ; also known as Ḩoseynābād ) is a village in Behnamarab - e Jonubi Rural District , Javadabad District , Varamin County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Psarofai ( Greek : Ψαροφάι ) is a neighbourhood in the eastcentral part of the city of Patras , Greece , 3 km east - southeast of the downtown core .
Chak 63 RB Nihaloana Sahmal ( چک 63 رب نہالوآنا ساہمل ) ( also known as Nihaluana or Nihalwana ) is a village in Faisalabad district , Jaranwala Tehsil , Panjab , Pakistan .
Milltownpass ( Irish : Bealach Bhaile an Mhuileann ) is a village in County Westmeath , Ireland .
Pétionville ( also written Pétion - Ville ) is a commune and a suburb of Port - au - Prince , Haiti , in the hills east and separate of the city itself on the northern hills of the Massif de la Selle .
Novosad ( Hungarian : Bodzásújlak ) is a village and municipality in the Trebišov District in the Košice Region of south - eastern Slovakia .
European Union Force RCA , commonly referred as EUFOR RCA , is the United Nations - mandated European Union peacekeeping mission in Bangui , capital of the Central African Republic .
Macau Tower Convention & Entertainment Centre ( Chinese : 澳門旅遊塔會展娛樂中心;Portuguese : Centro de Convenções e Entretenimento da Torre de Macau ) , also known as Macau Tower , is a tower located in the Special Administrative Region of the People 's Republic of China .
Auditorio Telmex ( English : Telmex Auditorium , originally Auditorio Metropolitano ) is an indoor amphitheatre , located in Zapopan , Mexico .
Tylstrup is a satellite community outside Aalborg , Denmark .
Ərziküş ( also , Erzikyush ) is a village in the Siazan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Tsabit ( Arabic : ﺗﺴﺎﺑﻴﺖ‎ ) is a town and commune , and capital of Tsabit District , in Adrar Province , south - central Algeria .
The Transport Ticketing Authority ( TTA ) was a statutory authority within the Department of Transport in the State Government of Victoria , Australia .
Adigrat ( Ge'ez : ዓዲግራት ) is a city and separate woreda in the Tigray Region ( or kilil ) of Ethiopia .
Chinkani ( chinka a type of water plant , Aymara -ni a suffix to indicate ownership , `` the one with the chinka plant '' , also spelled Chincani ) is a mountain east of the Apolobamba mountain range in the Andes of Bolivia , about 4,600 metres ( 15,092 ft ) high .
The National Stud is a United Kingdom Thoroughbred horse breeding farm located two miles from Newmarket .
Hisek ( Persian : هيسك‎ , also Romanized as Hīsek ; also known as Hasek ) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District , Irandegan District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Bloška Polica ( pronounced ( ˈbloːʃka pɔˈliːtsa ) ) is a village east of Grahovo in the Municipality of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Isla Bastimentos National Marine Park ( in Spanish : Parque Nacional Marino Isla Bastimentos ) is a marine park located in the Bocas del Toro District and archipelago of Bocas del Toro Province , Panama .
The Stoličná hora ( also Kvádrovec , Kvádrberk , German : Quaderberg ) is a table hill near Děčín ( Tetschen ) in the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic .
Dojran ( Macedonian : Дојран ( ˈdɔjran ) ) was a city on the west shore of Dojran Lake in the south - east part of the Republic of Macedonia .
Loganlea State High School ( LSHS ) is a secondary school in Neridah Street at Loganlea , Logan City , Queensland , Australia , for students between years 7 and 12 .
Archbishop Jordan High School is an academic Catholic secondary school located in Sherwood Park , Alberta , Canada .
Duduza is a township west of Nigel on the East Rand , Gauteng , South Africa .
Blatnica Castle ( Slovak : Blatnický hrad ) is a Gothic castle whose ruins are situated near the village of Blatnica , on the foot of the Greater Fatra Range in Slovakia .
Windsorton is an agricultural town situated in the Vaalharts Irrigation Scheme on the banks of the Vaal River in the Northern Cape province of South Africa .
Matinhos is a municipality in Brazil that arose in 1920s .
Auraiya ( Hindi : औरैया , Urdu : اوریہ‎ ) is a city and a municipal board in Auraiya district in the state of Uttar Pradesh , India .
Talayuela is a municipality located in the province of Cáceres , Extremadura , ( Spain ) .
The Mingtan Dam ( Chinese : 明潭壩 ; pinyin : Míngtán Bà ) is a dam that spans the Shuili River about 4 km ( 2.5 mi ) downstream from the outlet of Sun Moon Lake in central Taiwan with a height of about 61.5 m ( 202 ft ) .
The Venetia Limpopo Nature Reserve is situated in the northern - most parts of South Africa , and is owned by the De Beers Diamond Mining Company - the mine itself is actually within the confines of the reserve .
Cheniguel ( Arabic : شنيقل‎ ) is a town and commune in Médéa Province , Algeria .
Lojsta Castle ( Lojsta slott ) in Stånga socken on the border of Lojsta , Gotland , Sweden , is , despite its name , not a `` castle '' in the normal sense , i.e. it is not a palacelike manor .
Sarantaporo ( Greek : Σαραντάπορο ) is a village and a former municipality in the Larissa regional unit , Thessaly , Greece .
The Bukhtarma Hydroelectric Power Plant ( Бухтарминская ГЭС ) is a hydroelectric power plant on the Irtysh River 5 kilometres ( 3 mi ) upstream of the town of Serebryansk , in East Kazakhstan Province of Kazakhstan .
Lake Barrea , is an artificial lake in the Province of L'Aquila , Abruzzo , Italy .
Kleinlützel Priory was a small religious house at Kleinlützel , a community in the district of Thierstein in the Canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Het Dolhuys is a national museum for psychiatry in Haarlem , Netherlands .
Volos Municipal Stadium is a sports stadium in Volos , Greece used for football matches .
The 2010 Dawu fire was a wildgrass fire incident that occurred in Dawu County , Sichuan , People 's Republic of China on December 5 , 2010 .
Dzyhivka ( Ukrainian : Дзигівка ) is one of the oldest villages in central Ukraine , of Yampіlsky Raion ( district ) , Vinnytsia Oblast .
The Tamá National Natural Park ( Spanish : Parque Nacional Natural Tamá ) is a national park located in the Andean Region of Colombia , between the municipalities Toledo and Herrán , in the Norte de Santander Department , in the northeastern part of the Cordillera Oriental range .
Ndai ( local spelling Dai ) is an island in the Solomon Islands ; it is located in Malaita Province .
Rizak ( Persian : ريزك‎ , also Romanized as Rīzak ) is a village in Bahmayi - ye Sarhadi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Dishmok District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Abdón Castro Tolay is a rural municipality and village in the Cochinoca department in Jujuy Province in Argentina .
Sanghaebong is a mountain of South Korea .
Ushannapalli is a village in Kalva Srirampur Mandal , Karimnagar district of the state of Andhra Pradesh , India with a population of approximately 2000 .
The Grand Forks Railway ( reporting mark GFR ) is a Canadian short line railway company operating 3.7 miles of former Canadian Pacific Railway trackage in British Columbia , Canada .
Ozerkovići ( Serbian : Озерковићи ) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Airport Industrial Zone ( Persian : شهرك صنعتي فرودگاه‎ -- Shahrak - e Şanʿatī - ye Farūdegāh ) is a village and company town in Sarrud - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Lunigiana is an historical territory of Italy , which today falls within the provinces of La Spezia and Massa Carrara .
Rwenzori Mountains National Park is located in southwestern Uganda on the east side of the western ( Albertine ) African rift valley .
Walvis Bay Urban is a constituency in the Erongo Region of Namibia , comprising the city of Walvis Bay .
The Harlingen Lighthouse ( Vuurtoren van Harlingen ) is a deactivated lighthouse in the town of Harlingen , Friesland , Netherlands , that is now used as hotel accommodation .
Gyeryongsan National Park ( Korean : 계룡산국립공원 , 鷄龍山國立公園 ) is one of 20 national parks in South Korea .
Shonqushabad ( Persian : شنقوش اباد‎ , also Romanized as Shonqūshābād ) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Petrodvortsovy District ( Russian : Петродворцо́вый райо́н ) is a district of the federal city of St. Petersburg , Russia .
Bairro Sul , literally the South Neighborhood , also known as Lapa , is the fishery district of the city of Póvoa de Varzim in Portugal .
Aubie - et - Espessas is a former commune in the Gironde department in southwestern France .
Veraiyur is a panchayat town in Tiruvanamalai district , Tamil Nadu India .
Samaquta ( Aymara sama color , quta lake , `` color lake '' , hispanicized spelling Samaccota ) is a lake in Peru located in the Arequipa Region , Caylloma Province , Tisco District , northeast of the mountain P'allqa ( Palca ) and northwest of Samaquta .
Ranérou Ferlo Department is one of the departments of Senegal , located in the Matam Region of the country .
Serpentine Gorge is one of the gorges in the West MacDonnell Ranges in Australia 's Northern Territory .
Seme Border is a settlement in Nigeria on the border with Benin , ten minutes drive from Badagry on the coastal road between Lagos and Cotonou .
Ouanaminthe ( Haitian Creole : Wanament or Wanamèt ; Spanish : Juana Méndez ) is a commune located in the Nord - Est Department of Haiti .
Khornabuji Castle ( Georgian : ხორნაბუჯი ? ) , also sometimes known as the Castle of Queen Tamara , is an ancient castle in the eastern part of Georgia .
Nepravdići ( Serbian : Неправдићи ) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Port Maputo , or the Maputo Port Development Company ( MPDC ) , is a parastatal authority that operates and governs the Mozambique ports of Maputo and Matola , located in the south of the Mozambique Channel in the southwest Indian Ocean .
Charra Pani is a hill station in the Galyat region of northern Pakistan .
Bosau is a municipality on the Great Plön Lake the district of Ostholstein , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Ramanamudalipudur is a town situated in Coimbatore rural district , in the state of Tamil Nadu , India .
Jabłonowo Pomorskie ( jabwɔˈnɔvɔ pɔˈmɔrskʲɛ ) ( German : Jablonowo , since 1903 Goßlershausen ) is a town in the Brodnica powiat of the Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , Poland .
Babia Góra National Park ( Polish : Babiogórski Park Narodowy ) is one of the 23 national parks in Poland , located in the southern part of the country , in Lesser Poland Voivodeship , on the border with Slovakia .
The Castelli di Cannero are three rocky islets of Lake Maggiore in northern Italy .
Founded as the Reading Camp Association , Frontier College aims to improve literacy levels in Canada by providing education to those who seek assistance with their learning and have been overlooked or left behind by the formal educational system .
Moissy - Moulinot is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France , Burgundy .
The Barra Grande Hydroelectric Power Plant is a dam and hydroelectric power plant on the Pelotas River near Celso Ramos on the border of Santa Catarina and Rio Grande do Sul , Brazil .
Stegienka ( stɛˈɡʲɛnka ) ( German : Steegnerwerder ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stegna , within Nowy Dwór Gdański County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Ilha Grande National Park ( Parque Nacional de Ilha Grande ) is located on the border between Paraná and Mato Grosso do Sul states in Brazil .
Coboconk was home to several grist and lumber mills , as well as brick kilns for several brick makers , including the Toronto Brick Company and the Canada Lime Company , which continued to operate into the mid - twentieth century , and a large limestone quarry .
Esfarvarin District ( Persian : بخش اسفرورین‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Takestan County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Črnuče ( pronounced ( tʃəɾˈnuːtʃɛ ) ; German : Tschernutsch ) is a former town in the northern part of Ljubljana , the capital of Slovenia .
Monte Guilarte is a mountain in Puerto Rico measuring 1,204 meters ( 3,950 ft ) above sea level .
Paracho de Verduzco ( often called merely Paracho ) is a small city located in Michoacán , Mexico .
The University of Pretoria is a multi campus public research university in Pretoria , the administrative and de facto capital of South Africa .
The South West Rail Link is a railway line serving the developing suburbs of south western Sydney , Australia .
Goris Airport , also known as Shinuyar Airport or Shinuhayr Airport is located to the south of Goris , near the village of Shinuhayr , Syunik Province , Armenia .
Godinje ( Годиње ) is a village in Montenegro , in the municipality of Bar .
Estadio Gaspar Mass is an artificial turf stadium in Monterrey , Mexico .
Veliki Podlog ( pronounced ( ˈʋeːliki ˈpoːdlɔk ) ; German : Großpodlog ) is a village in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
Gare de Dreux is a railway station serving the town Dreux , Eure - et - Loir department , northwestern France .
Karkor - foundation , a place in the open desert wastes on the east of Jordan ( Judges 8:10 ) , not far beyond Succoth and Penuel , to the south .
A medieval road crossed Dulje , from Prizren to Štimlje , further to the interior of Serbia .
Dibobly ( also spelled Dibobli ) is a village in western Ivory Coast .
The Austin 400 was a motor racing event for V8 Supercars that took place at the Circuit of the Americas in Travis County near Austin , Texas , United States of America in 2013 .
Ticuantepe is a municipality in the Managua department of Nicaragua with an estimated population of 34,000 .
Jahandiz ( Persian : جهندديز‎ , also Romanized as Jahandīz and Jahāndīz ) is a village in Qaflankuh - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Terror Australis : the Australian Horror and Fantasy Magazine ( 1988 - 1992 ) was Australia 's first mass market horror magazine .
Lei Cheng Uk Estate ( Chinese : 李鄭屋邨 ; Jyutping : lei5 zeng6 nguk1 cyun1 ) is a public housing estate and Tenants Purchase Scheme estate in Lei Cheng Uk , downhill from Cheung Sha Wan , Kowloon , Hong Kong , located near the So Uk Estate .
At Turbah is a town on the coast of the Red Sea in Taiz Governorate , Yemen .
The Nemuro Peninsula ( 根室半島 Nemuro - hantō ) is a peninsula which extends from the east coast of Hokkaidō , Japan .
Sant Fruitós de Bages ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈsam fɾujˈtoz ðə ˈβaʒəs ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of Bages in Catalonia , Spain .
Kadungooth is a small place in Koottilangadi Panchayath , Malappuram district , Perinthalmanna Taluk , Kerala , India .
Deer Park Žehušice is a natural reserve located close to village Žehušice , Czech Republic .
Manakara Airport ( IATA : WVK , ICAO : FMSK ) is an airport in Manakara , Vatovavy - Fitovinany Region , Madagascar , located on the east coast on the island .
Pociūnai Airport ( ICAO : EYPR ) , also known as Prienai Airport or Prienai Pociūnai Airport , is an aerodrome and a small airport located in Ašminta elderate of Kaunas district municipality , Lithuania ; 38 km south of the Kaunas centre .
Jiršovci ( pronounced ( ˈjiːɾʃɔu̯tsi ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Destrnik in northeastern Slovenia .
ASC Duisburg ( Amateur - Schwimm - Club Duisburg ) , or simply Duisburg is a sports club based in the city of Duisburg , in Germany .
Al Jaddaf ( Arabic : الجداف‎ ) , also spelled Al Jadaf , is a locality in Dubai , United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) .
The Reñihué River is a river in the Palena Province of the Los Lagos Region in Chile .
Chenab West Bank railway station ( Urdu : چناب ویسٹ بنک ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located at west bank of river Chenab at Muzaffargarh to Multan road , Pakistan .
The Bushehr Nuclear Power Plant ( Persian : نیروگاه اتمی بوشهر‎‎ ) is a nuclear power plant in Iran 17 kilometres ( 11 mi ) southeast of the city of Bushehr , between the fishing villages of Halileh and Bandargeh along the Persian Gulf .
The Rohrenkopf is a mountain , 1,169.8 m above sea level ( NHN ) high , in the Southern Black Forest in Germany .
Tisaura is a village in India , located 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) from the cantonment railway station in Varanasi and 12 kilometres ( 7.5 mi ) from its airport .
Hajji Khvosh ( Persian : حاجي خوش‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjī Khvosh ; also known as Ḩajjt Khowsh ) is a village in Mokriyan - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Waikato Expressway is a dual carriageway section of State Highway 1 in the Waikato region of the North Island of New Zealand that is being constructed in stages .
Bangowani is a village located in the Gurdaspur district , Punjab , India .
Sama Beirut is an upcoming residential , commercial and office tower in the Sodeco region of Beirut , Lebanon .
Borajno ( Cyrillic : Борајно ) is a village in the municipality of Čajniče , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Pogrzymie ( pɔˈɡʐɨmjɛ ) ( German : Birkenwerder ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maszewo , within Goleniów County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
EKO Cobra ( Einsatzkommando Cobra ) is Austria 's primary counter - terrorism special operations tactical unit .
Fangye Signal Station ( Chinese : 枋野號誌站 ; pinyin : Fāngyě Hàozhì Zhàn ) is a manned railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration ( TRA ) South - Link Line located in Shihzih Township , Pingtung County , Taiwan .
Indre Nørrebro ( lit . English , `` Inner Nørrebro '' ) , is one of the 15 administrative , statistical , and tax city districts ( bydele ) comprising the municipality of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Mission Camp , Sardarabad ( Persian : اردوگاه بعثت‎ -- Ārdūgāh Beʿs̱at ) is a village in Sardarabad Rural District , in the Central District of Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Ferrobaires is the commercial name of a public railway company which operates extensive long - distance passenger trains throughout Buenos Aires Province in Argentina .
St George 's Church , Bergen ( Norwegian : Sankt Jørgen kirke ) is a large wooden church ( and museum ) in Bergen municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Mazraeh - ye Azad Khani ( Persian : مزرعه ازادخاني‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Āzād Khānī ) is a village in Deris Rural District , in the Central District of Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
The Sveti Rok Tunnel is a highway tunnel in Lika , Croatia .
The St. Vital Historical Society is a museum in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada located at 600 St. Mary 's Road in the old fire hall built in 1914 .
Podnemić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Поднемић ) is a village in Serbia .
Omana Regional Park is situated 42 km ( 40 mins ) drive south east of Auckland city , New Zealand just before entering Maraetai township .
Podnart ( pronounced ( pɔˈdnaɾt ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
La Zarza mine is an abandoned mine near the town of La Zarza , Huelva , Andalucia , Spain .
Nura District ( Kazakh : Нұра ауданы ) is a district of Karaganda Region in central Kazakhstan .
Sandyktau District ( Kazakh : Сандықтау ауданы ) is a district of Akmola Region in northern Kazakhstan .
Trebonne is a town in the Shire of Hinchinbrook , Queensland , Australia .
Chiayi Station ( Chinese : 嘉義車站 ; pinyin : Jiāyì Chēzhàn ; Wade -- Giles : Chia1-i4 Ch'e1-chan4 ) is a railway station located in West District , Chiayi City , Taiwan , which serves Taiwan Railway Administration ( TRA ) Western Line and the Alishan Forest Railway Main Line ( Alishan Line ) .
Usphaqucha ( Quechua uspha , uchpha ash , rest of combustion , qucha lake , lagoon , `` ash lake '' , hispanicized spelling Uspaccocha ) is a lake in the Andes of Peru located in the Apurímac Region , Abancay Province , Abancay District .
The Sidewinders Speedway is a junior Motorcycle speedway that was opened in 1978 in the semi - industrial Adelaide suburb of Wingfield in South Australia .
Mount Porndon is a 278 metre high volcano located 13 kilometres southeast of Camperdown in western Victoria , Australia .
Saqeshk ( Persian : ساقشك‎ , also Romanized as Sāqeshk ; also known as Sāgheshk , Sāqesh , Saqish , and Shākhshang ) is a village in Shandiz Rural District , Shandiz District , Torqabeh and Shandiz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Jossigny ( pronounced : ( ʒɔsiɲi ) ) is a commune in the Seine - et - Marne department in the Île - de - France region in north - central France .
Yuxarı Ağcayazı ( also , Yukhari Agdzhayazy and Yukhary Agdzhayazy ) a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Sežana ( pronounced ( sɛˈʒaːna ) ; Italian : Sesana ) is a town in the Slovenian Littoral region of Slovenia , near the border with Italy .
Jubail ( Arabic : الجبيل‎ , Al Jubayl ) is a city in the Eastern province on the Persian Gulf coast of Saudi Arabia .
Mardan Cantonment is a cantonment in the centre of Mardan in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan . The famous regiment of Pakistan Army `` The Punjab Regiment centre '' is here in Mardan .
Gorji Bayan ( Persian : گرجي بيان‎ , also Romanized as Gorjī Bayān ; also known as Ghūrjī , Ghūrjī Bayan , and Gorjī ) is a village in Gavrud Rural District , in the Central District of Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
El Biodh ( Arabic : البيوض ) is a municipality in Naâma Province , Algeria .
Kiwaatule is a township within the city of Kampala , Uganda 's capital .
Bayangan District ( Persian : بخش باینگان‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Paveh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Zillebeke is a village in the Flemish province of West - Vlaanderen in Belgium .
The Dilimli Dam is a rock - fill embankment dam on the Büyük River , located 9 km ( 6 mi ) northeast of Yüksekova in Hakkari Province , Turkey .
The Arrondissement of Verviers ( French : Arrondissement de Verviers ; German : Verwaltungsbezirk Verviers ; Dutch : Arrondissement Verviers ) is one of the four administrative arrondissements in the Province of Liège , Belgium .
The Socialist Reich Party of Germany ( German : Sozialistische Reichspartei Deutschlands ) was a West German neo - Nazi political party founded in the aftermath of the World War II in 1949 as an openly Nazi oriented split - off from the national conservative German Right Party ( DKP - DRP ) .
Oterki ( ɔˈtɛrki ) ( German : Klein Ottern ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Nisga'a Elementary Secondary School ( or NESS ) is a public K-12 school in Gitlakdamix , British Columbia , Canada .
The Radical Left Front ( Greek : Μέτωπο Ριζοσπαστικής Αριστεράς , Metopo Rizospastikis Aristeras , MERA ) was a coalition of radical left political parties in Greece .
The Jesuit Block and Estancias of Córdoba ( Spanish : Manzana Jesuítica y Estancias de Córdoba ) are a former Jesuit reduction built by missionaries in the province of Córdoba , Argentina , named a World Heritage Site in 2000 .
Røsvik Church ( Norwegian : Røsvik kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county , Norway .
Pajala IF is a sports club club in Pajala , Sweden , established in 1930 playing soccer .
The Oberösterreichrundfahrt is a cycling race held annually in the Austrian state Upper Austria .
Braslava parish ( Latvian : Braslavas pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Aloja Municipality , Latvia .
Aşağı Qəsil ( also , Ashagy Kasil '' ) is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Sheela Nagar is a neighborhood situated on the southern part of Visakhapatnam City , India .
Katutura ( Otjiherero for The place where people do not want to live ) is a township of Windhoek , Khomas Region , Namibia .
The Synnyr mine is a large potash mine located in eastern Russia in Sakha Republic .
Majuba Power Station between Volksrust and Amersfoort in Mpumalanga , South Africa , is a coal - fired power plant operated by Eskom .
The Criminal Justice and Courts Act 2015 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom which made a number of changes to the criminal justice system .
Viniani ( Greek : Βίνιανη ) is a village and a former municipality in Evrytania , Greece .
The Asón - Agüera comarca is a historical region of Cantabria , Spain .
Mozzate is a comune in the southwestern part of the province of Como , Lombardy , northern Italy .
Bia District is a former District of Ghana in the Western Region .
Ab Bar or Abbar ( Persian : آب بر‎ , also Romanized as Āb Bar ; also known as Obar and Ubār ) is a city in and capital of Tarom County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
The Corne de Sorebois is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland .
Collados del Asón Natural Park ( Spanish : Parque Natural de los Collados del Asón ) is a natural park that includes parts of the Asón River , Cantabria , Spain .
The Château de Saint - Chaptes is a modernised castle in the commune of Saint - Chaptes in the Gard département of France .
Rrëshen ( definite Albanian form : Rrësheni ) is a small town and a former municipality in Lezhë County , in northern Albania .
Grzegorzew ( ɡʐɛˈɡɔʐɛf ) ( German : Georgen ) is a village in Koło County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Dobrovnik ( pronounced ( dɔˈbrɔ́ːwnik ) ; Hungarian : Dobronak , pronounced ( ˈdobronɒk ) ) is a village in Slovenia and is the seat of the Municipality of Dobrovnik .
Metallåtervinning Arena ( unofficial English translation : Metal recycling Arena ) , formerly named Gränbyhallen , is an indoor arena located in Uppsala , Sweden , and built in 1974 .
Paiga is a village situated in the Damkhauda Mandal of Bareilly District in Uttar Pradesh , India .
Kompaniivka ( Ukrainian : Компаніївка ) is an urban - type settlement in Kirovohrad Oblast ( region ) of central Ukraine .
Victorino Mapa Street , also known by its short form V. Mapa Street , is the main north - south road in Santa Mesa district in the City of Manila , Philippines .
Qyzylaghash ( Kazakh : Қызылағаш ) , sometimes spelled Kyzylagash , is a village in Almaty Region of south - eastern Kazakhstan .
The Italian Graubünden or Italian Grigioni ( Italian : Grigionitaliano or Grigioni italiano ; German : Italienischbünden ; Romansh : Grischun talian ) is the region of the Canton of Graubünden , Switzerland where Italian and Lombard are spoken .
Aldealpozo is a municipality located in the province of Soria , in the autonomous region Castile and León , in Spain .
The 1952 Winter Olympics ( Norwegian : Vinter - OL 1952 ) , officially known as the VI Olympic Winter Games ( French : Les VIes Jeux olympiques d'hiver ) , took place in Oslo , Norway , from 14 to 25 February .
Polli Sree College ( Bengali : পল্লী শ্রী কলেজ ) is an intermediate college in Bangladesh .
Gorno - Altaysk ( Russian : Го́рно-Алта́йск ; Altay : Туулу Алтай , Tuulu Altay ) is the capital town of the Altai Republic , Russia .
The Erdene Zuu Monastery ( Mongolian : Эрдэнэ Зуу хийд ) is probably the earliest surviving Buddhist monastery in Mongolia .
The Ali ebn - e Sahl mausoleum is a historical mausoleum in Isfahan , Iran .
The Kristianstad University ( Swedish : Högskolan Kristianstad ) is a university college ( högskola ) in Kristianstad , Sweden .
The Afghan National Police ( ANP ; Pashto : د افغانستان ملي پولیس ‎ ; Persian : پلیس ملی افغانستان‎‎ ) is the primary police force of Afghanistan , serving as a single law enforcement agency all across the country .
The Las Baulas National Marine Park , in Spanish Parque Nacional Marino Las Baulas is a National Park of Costa Rica , part of the Tempisque Conservation Area , and covers approximately 43.243 acres ( 175 km² ) marine just north of the town of Tamarindo .
The Bolshoy Ice Dome ( Russian : Большой Ледовый дворец ) is an indoor sports arena located in Sochi , Russia .
Búlandstindur is a mountain in Eastern Iceland between the bays Berufjörður and Hamarsfjörður .
Jorpati is a very large village in Kathmandu District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal .
The Forestry Farm Park and Zoo is a forested park and zoo located in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Écuisses is a commune in the Saône - et - Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France .
Suchanino ( Kashubian : Cëgónczi , German : Zigankenberg ) , formerly a village , became in 1902 ( as Zigankenberg ) a district of the city of Danzig ( since 1945 Gdańsk , Poland ) .
Eden Valley wine region is a wine region located in South Australia immediately north of the capital city of Adelaide which covers an area in the Mount Lofty Ranges extending from Truro in the north to just south of Springton in the south .
Chernoochene ( Bulgarian : Черноочене , pronounced ( tʃɛrnuˈɔtʃɛnɛ ) ) ; is a village in central southern Bulgaria , part of Kardzhali Province .
Tahuna Normal Intermediate School is a school for Year 7 ( Form One ) and Year 8 ( Form Two ) students , based in Saint Kilda , Dunedin , New Zealand .
Yadenitsa is a tributary of Maritsa , with a length of 26 km . It has its origin near Chakaritsa , between the Rila Mountains and Rhodope Mountains , in western Bulgaria .
Juana Azurduy de Padilla International Airport ( IATA : SRE , ICAO : SLSU ) is an airport that serves Sucre , Bolivia , the nation 's constitutional capital city .
Ristiina was a municipality of Finland .
The Archaeological Museum of Lorca ( Museo Arqueológico de Lorca ) is an archaeological museum in Lorca , Spain , located in the renovated `` House of Salazar '' which had been built in the early 17th century .
The Cité Scolaire Internationale de Lyon ( CSI ) , also known as the `` Lycée International de Lyon '' , is an international school located near where the Rhône and the Saône meet in the city of Lyon , France .
Vircava parish ( Latvian : Vircavas pagasts ) is an administrative unit of Jelgava Municipality , Latvia .
Babdo is a village in the Ipelce Department of Bazèga Province in central Burkina Faso .
Nadur Tower ( Maltese : Torri tan - Nadur ) is a small watchtower in Binġemma Gap , limits of Rabat , Malta .
Nazok - e Sofla ( Persian : نازك سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Nāzok - e Soflá ; also known as Nāzīk - e Soflá and Nāzok - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Gejlarat - e Gharbi Rural District , Aras District , Poldasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Central Moscow Hippodrome , founded in 1834 is the largest horse racing track as well as horse breeding research facility in Moscow and Russia .
The Point Andalusia ( German : Planquadrat Andalusien ) was a set , secret , location in the Southern Atlantic Ocean , used by warships of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during the Second World War .
Prey Chas is a khum ( commune ) of Aek Phnum District in Battambang Province in north - western Cambodia .
Anheh ( Persian : انهه‎ , also Romanized as Ānheh ; also known as Aneh ) is a village in Bala Larijan Rural District , Larijan District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Tiduk ( Persian : تيدوك‎ , also Romanized as Tīdūḵ ) is a village in Kahshang Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Hoher Kleef ( 306 m above sea level ( NN ) ) is a rock formation in Rübeland in the district of Harz within the Harz mountains of Germany .
Lindavista is a suburb in the north of Mexico City , in the administrative district of Gustavo A. Madero .
The Bura Gauranga River and sea channel are located in the Patuakhali district of Barisal Division in Bangladesh .
Plérin ( Breton : Plerin , Gallo : Plérein ) is a coastal commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
The Zhovkva Castle ( Ukrainian : Жовківський замок ; Polish : Zamek w Żółkwi ) occupies the principal square of the town of Zhovkva in Ukraine .
Agh Gol ( Persian : اغگل‎ , also Romanized as Āgh Gol ) is a village in Chaybasar - e Shomali Rural District , Bazargan District , Maku County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Marble Arch Caves Global Geopark straddles the border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland .
Kępka Szlachecka ( ˈkɛmpka ʂlaˈxɛt͡ska ) ( German : Büschel ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowal , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Krbava ( pronounced ( kř̩bav̞a ) ; Latin : Corbavia ) is a historical region located in Mountainous Croatia .
Port Colborne ( 2011 population 18,424 ) is a city on Lake Erie , at the southern end of the Welland Canal , in the Niagara Region of southern Ontario , Canada .
Mazagh - e Kurian ( Persian : مازغ كوريان‎ , also Romanized as Māzagh - e Kūrīān ) is a village in Senderk Rural District , Senderk District , Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
All Nations University was founded by Rev. Dr. Samuel Donkor in Ghana .
The Toronto Coach Terminal is the central bus station for inter - city services in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Ein HaShlosha ( Hebrew : עֵין הַשְּׁלֹשָׁה , lit . Spring of the Three ) is a kibbutz in the western Negev desert in Israel .
Luberadz ( luˈbɛrat͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ojrzeń , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Bruchwałd ( ˈbruxfau̯t ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Purda , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Bulusan Volcano Natural Park is a 3,673-hectare ( 9,080-acre ) protected area of rainforest surrounding Mount Bulusan in the Philippines .
The Fell Exhibition Slate Mine ( German : Besucherbergwerk Fell ) is a former slate mine in Germany located about 20 km east from Trier ( Germany ) and about 60 km east of Luxembourg ( city ) ( Luxembourg ) near the villages Fell and Thomm .
The Burnaby Lakers are a Senior `` A '' box lacrosse club based in Burnaby , British Columbia , Canada that play in the Western Lacrosse Association ( WLA ) .
Ganekogorta is a mountain in the border of the provinces of Biscay and Alava ( Basque Country , Spain ) , just between Bilbao and Llodio .
Shurjeh Kord ( Persian : شورجه كرد‎ , also Romanized as Shūrjeh Kord ; also known as Shūrjeh and Shūrjeh Ḩamīdīyeh ) is a village in Baruq Rural District , Baruq District , Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Vitcos is an archaeological site in the Cusco Region in Peru , believed to have been used by ruler in exile Manco Inca during the Spanish conquest of the Inca Empire .
Batyieva Hora ( Ukrainian : Батиєва Гора ) is a former village , and now a historical neighbourhood of Kiev , the capital of Ukraine .
Rudboneh ( Persian : رودبنه‎ , also Romanized as Rūdboneh , Rood Boneh , Rūdbaneh , Rūdbeneh , and Rūd Boneh ) is a city in and the capital of Rudboneh District , in Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Ledina ( pronounced ( lɛˈdiːna ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills northwest of Sevnica in east - central Slovenia .
Igaliku ( IATA : QFX ) is a settlement in the Kujalleq municipality in southern Greenland .
The Center for Marine Studies ( Portuguese : Centro de Estudos do Mar , CEM ) is a satellite campus and marine research station of the Federal University of Paraná ( Portuguese : Universidade Federal do Paraná , UFPR ) , located in the municipality of Pontal do Paraná , Brazil .
The Castra Albana ( ˈkastra alˈbaːna ) was a permanent fortified camp of the Legio II Parthica , founded in Italy by the Emperor Septimius Severus ( 193 - 211 ) on the modern site of Albano Laziale .
Natovi Landing is a ferry port in Tailevu Province , Fiji , linking cargo trucks to the three big islands of Fiji .
The Am Wall Windmill ( Herdentorswallmühle or Mühle am Wall ) is an important and iconic building in Bremen in Germany .
The Aro Valley forms a small inner - city suburb of Wellington in New Zealand .
In 2001 , the India census recorded that Sarai Aquil had a population of 15,719 .
Teghenik ( Armenian : Թեղենիք , formerly , Tkhit ) is a village in the Kotayk Province of Armenia .
Naval Air Station Keflavik ( NASKEF ) is a former U.S. Navy base at Keflavík International Airport , Iceland .
Addison Sod House is a Saskatchewan homestead site made of grass or sod which is over a hundred years old and has been designated as a National Historic Site of Canada .
Klütz ( German pronunciation : ( ˈklʏts ) ) is a town in the Nordwestmecklenburg district , in Mecklenburg - Western Pomerania , Germany .
The Belo Monte Dam ( formerly known as Kararaô ) is a hydroelectric dam complex currently under construction on the Xingu River in the state of Pará , Brazil .
Katihar Junction railway station serves Katihar city in Katihar district in the Indian state of Bihar . The Katihar Junction railway station is connected to most of the major cities in India by the railway network .
The Lauberhorn is a mountain in the Bernese Alps of Switzerland , located between Wengen and Grindelwald , north of the Kleine Scheidegg .
Chițcani ( Russian : Кицканы / Kitskany , Ukrainian : Кіцкань ) is a commune in Căușeni district , Moldova .
Valjevo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ваљево , pronounced ( v̞âːʎɛv̞ɔ ) ) is a city located in western Serbia .
Bayanaul National Park ( Kazakh : Баянауыл ұлттық паркі ; Russian : Баянаульский национальный парк ) is a national park of Kazakhstan , located in southeastern Pavlodar Province , 140 kilometers from the industrially developed city of Ekibastuz , on the outskirts of the Central Kazakh Uplands .
Mataking Island is home to the first ' Underwater Post Office ' in Malaysia and is connected to Pulau Mataking Kecil ( Small Mataking Island ) via a narrow sand bank .
The Agricultural Hall of Fame of Quebec ( French : Temple de la renommée de l'agriculture du Québec ) honours and celebrates those who have made a lasting contribution to the advancement of the field of agriculture in the province of Quebec , Canada .
Skuteč ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈskutɛtʃ ) ; German : Skutsch ) is a small town in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic near from the town Hlinsko .
Copenhagen Airport , Kastrup Station ( Danish : Københavns Lufthavn , Kastrup Station ) is a railway station in Tårnby , Denmark , served by DSB 's regional trains including the Oresundtrain network .
Beliehouma is a village in the Nzérékoré Prefecture in the Nzérékoré Region of south - eastern Guinea .
Habitations Jeanne - Mance is a public housing project in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Lake Foy Sagar is an artificial lake situated near Ajmer in the state of Rajasthan , India .
Sarsaru ( Persian : سرسارو‎ , also Romanized as Sarsārū ; also known as Sarsārūd ) is a village in Sangan Rural District , in the Central District of Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Luzino ( luˈʑinɔ ) ( German : Lusin , Freienau ( 1942 - 1943 ) , Lintzau ( 1943 - 1945 ) ) is a village in Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Brzechów ( ˈbʐɛxuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Daleszyce , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
On March 28 , 2008 Suffolk County , New York Comptroller Joseph Sawicki proposed a plan that would make Long Island ( specifically , Nassau and Suffolk counties ) the 51st state of the United States of America .
Belitung Regency is a regency ( kabupaten ) of Bangka - Belitung Province , Indonesia , with Tanjung Pandan as its capital .
Poniaty - Cibory ( pɔˈɲatɨ t͡ɕiˈbɔrɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Winnica , within Pułtusk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Mallawi ( Egyptian Arabic : ملوى ( mæl.ˈlæ.wi ) ; Saidi pronunciation : ( ˈmal.la.wi ) , Coptic : ⲙⲁⲛⲗⲁⲩ ) is a town in Egypt , located in the governorate of Minya .
Pavlikeni ( Bulgarian : Павликени ) is a town in Veliko Tarnovo Province , Northern Bulgaria , about 41 kilometers away from the city of Veliko Tarnovo .
Monagri ( Greek : Μονάγρι ) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus , located 20 km north of Limassol .
The Universitäts - Augenklinik Düsseldorf is the department of Ophthalmology of the University Hospital of Düsseldorf in Germany .
Pfullendorf is a small town of about 13,000 inhabitants located 25 km ( 16 mi ) north of Lake Constance in Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Hsinchu County ( Chinese : 新竹縣 ; pinyin : Xīnzhú Xiàn ; Wade -- Giles : Hsin1-chu2 Hsien4 ) is a county in north - western Taiwan .
The Viharamahadevi Park ( formerly Victoria Park ) is a public park located in Colombo , next to the National Museum in Sri Lanka .
Peleaga ( Vârful Peleaga ) is a mountain in Romania .
Isla de la Plata is a small island off the coast of Manabí , Ecuador , and is part of Parque Nacional Machalilla .
Shediac Bay Yacht Club is on the Register of ' Canada 's Historic Places ' for being the location of a local wharf for nearly a century .
Stāmeriena Palace ( Latvian : Stāmerienas muižas pils ; German : Schloss Stomersee ) is a palace built in Historicist style from 1835 to 1843 in the historical region of Vidzeme , northern Latvia .
Anundshög ( also Anundshögen and Anunds hög ) is a tumulus near Västerås in Västmanland , the largest in Sweden .
Damir Tappeh ( Persian : دميرتپه‎ , also Romanized as Damīr Tappeh ) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Abdi İpekçi Street or Abdi İpekçi Avenue ( Turkish : Abdi İpekçi Caddesi ) is one of the premier shopping streets of İstanbul , Turkey , located in the Şişli district .
Gallery Hotel ( Chinese : 佳乐丽酒店 ; pinyin : Jiālèlì jiǔdiàn ) is a four - star boutique hotel at Robertson Quay on Singapore River , in the Central Area of Singapore .
Katowice - Muchowiec Airport ( Polish : Lotnisko Katowice - Muchowiec , ICAO code : EPKM ) is a general aviation ( mainly sport use ) airport in the Muchowiec neighbourhood of Katowice , Poland .
Tuczki ( ˈtut͡ʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rybno , within Działdowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Clifton Oyster Rocks are a series of islets located off the coast of the Clifton neighbourhood of Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Flateyri is a village situated in Iceland 's Westfjords .
Pyrgos Dirou ( Greek : Πύργος Διρού ) is a town in Mani , Laconia , Greece .
Gvulot ( or Gvolot , Hebrew : גְּבוּלוֹת , lit . `` borders '' ) is a kibbutz in southern Israel .
The National Registration Identity Card ( abbreviation : NRIC , or colloquially IC ; simplified Chinese : 身份证 ; traditional Chinese : 身份證 ; Tamil : அடையாள அட்டை ; Malay : Kad Pengenalan Pendaftaran Negara ) is the identity document in use in Singapore .
Dornava ( pronounced ( ˈdoːɾnaʋa ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Dornava in northeastern Slovenia .
Hangang Park ( Hangul : 한강공원 ) is a park in Seoul , South Korea .
The Montiggler Seen are two lakes in the municipality of Eppan in South Tyrol , Italy .
Leydsdorp is a former gold rush town situated in the Limpopo province of South Africa .
Saga Prefectural Chienkan Junior & Senior High School is both a junior and senior high school and is located in Saga City , Saga Prefecture , Japan .
Ambrugeat ( Occitan : Ambrujac ) is a French commune in the Corrèze department in the Limousin region of central France .
East Halmahera Regency or Halmahera Timur is a regency of Halmahera in North Maluku Province , Indonesia .
Kadıköy Haldun Taner Stage ( Turkish : Kadıköy Haldun Taner Sahnesi ) is a theatre venue located in Kadıköy district of Istanbul , Turkey .
Pushkin High School is a comprehensive school in the city of Berezniki in Perm Krai oblast , Russia .
The Korean People 's Army ( KPA ; Chosŏn'gŭl : 조선인민군 ; Chosŏn inmin'gun ) constitutes the military defence forces ( and most of the government ) of North Korea .
Park Hyatt Chennai is a five - star luxury hotel located at Guindy , Chennai , India that opened in 2012 .
The Port of Jakhau is a fair weather port on the Gulf of Kutch , Kutch District , in the state of Gujarat , India .
Luktvatnet is a lake that lies in the northern part of the municipality of Vefsn in Nordland county , Norway .
Martinsicuro ( Latin : Castrum Truentinum ) is a town and comune in province of Teramo , Abruzzo , central Italy .
Litla - Hraun is the largest prison in Iceland .
Falciano is a village ( curazia ) in northeastern San Marino .
Villa Opicina , also spelled Opicina ( Slovene : Opčine , Triestine : Opcina ) , is a town in north - eastern Italy , close to the Slovenian border at Fernetti ( Slovene : Fernetiči ) .
Sivac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Сивац ) is a village in Serbia .
Chaleh Polarz ( Persian : چاله پلرز‎ , also Romanized as Chāleh Polarz ) is a village in Daland Rural District , in the Central District of Ramian County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Kilmacsimon ( Irish : Coill Mhic Shíomoin , meaning `` Mac Simon 's Wood '' ) is a small hamlet situated on the banks of the River Bandon in County Cork , Ireland .
Chappal Waddi or Gangirwal is a mountain in Nigeria and , at 2,419 meters , is the country 's highest point .
Banda Neira is the only settlement of significant size on any of the Banda Islands , located in the Maluku province of Indonesia .
The Lycée Pierre - Corneille ( also known as the Lycée Corneille ) ( founded 1593 ) is a school in Rouen , France .
Goč ( Serbian Cyrillic : Гоч ) is a mountainous area in central Serbia , about 15 km south of the spa town of Vrnjačka Banja .
Homolje mountains ( Serbian : Хомољске планине , Homoljske planine ) is a mountain range in eastern Serbia .
Malmö West Station ( Swedish : Malmö Västra ) was a railway station in Malmö , Sweden .
Muć is a village and a municipality in Croatia .
The Pinarus River is a small stream in southern Anatolia near today 's Turkey--
The Tour of Flanders ( Dutch : Ronde van Vlaanderen ) , also known as De Ronde ( `` The Tour '' ) , is an annual road cycling race held in Belgium every spring .
Gesvan - e Do ( Persian : گسوان2‎ , also Romanized as Geşvān - e Do and Gaswané Dow ; also known as Gīsovān - e Do ) is a village in Veys Rural District , Veys District , Bavi County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Port of Bosaso , also known as Bosaso Port , is the official seaport of Bosaso , the commercial capital of the autonomous Puntland region in northeastern Somalia .
Gizhiga ( Russian : Гижига ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Severo - Evensky District of Magadan Oblast , Russia , located at the head of Gizhigin Bay of the Sea of Okhotsk , on the right bank of the Gizhiga River just upstream from its mouth where there is a poor but usable harbor .
Raijua is an island in the Lesser Sunda Islands in Indonesia .
Råslätt Church ( Swedish : Råslätts kyrka ) is a church building at Råslätt in Jönköping in Sweden .
The Ankara University , Law School ( Turkish : Ankara Üniversitesi Hukuk Fakültesi ) is a faculty for law of the Ankara University in Turkey .
Topeiros ( Greek : Τόπειρος , Turkish : İnhanlı ) is a municipality in the Xanthi regional unit , Greece .
Kolonia Gidelska ( kɔˈlɔɲa ɡiˈdɛlska ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Brzeźnica , within Pajęczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Överuman or Uman ( Norwegian : Umbukta ) is a lake on the border between Norway and Sweden .
Ohanet is an industrial village in the commune of In Amenas , in In Amenas District , Illizi Province , Algeria .
Aubonne District was a former district of the canton of Vaud in Switzerland .
Skiadas ( Greek : Σκιαδάς ) is a small mountain village in the Preveza regional unit in north - western Greece .
Height of Land Portage is a portage along the historic Boundary Waters route between Canada and the United States .
Mont Bichet , also known as Les Trables and , formerly , La Crêche , is a mostly wooded mountain in eastern France belonging to the Chablais Alps .
Montebenedetto Charterhouse ( Italian : Certosa di Montebenedetto ) is a former Carthusian monastery ( or charterhouse ) in the Val di Susa in Piedmont , Northern Italy .
Selimpaşa , known in Byzantine times as Epibates ( sometimes as Epivates or Epibatos ) ( Greek : Επιβάτες ) , is a small town in the European part of Turkey , near Silivri in Istanbul Province .
Loschwitz Cemetery ( German : Loschwitzer Friedhof ) is the second burial ground , still in use , of Loschwitz , part of the city of Dresden , Germany , replacing the graveyard of Loschwitz church , no longer used for burials .
Piscinas de Marés ( Portuguese : Swimming Pools of the Sea ) is swimming facility on the beach of Leça da Palmeira which is located North of the city of Matosinhos , in the district of Porto in Northern Portugal .
Pont - de - Roide ( also Pont - de - Roide - Vermondans ) is a commune in the Doubs département in the Franche - Comté region in eastern France .
The Canadian Intergovernmental Conference Secretariat is an independent Canadian government agency enacted on November 29 , 1973 by an Order in Council from the first ministers created for the purpose of continuing governing of Canada .
Shahedshahr ( Persian : شاهدشهر‎ , also Romanized as Shāhedshahr ; formerly , `` Alīābād Drazeh ) is a city in the Central District of Shahriar County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 18,855 , in 4,599 families .
Greensville Falls is a 5.5 metre high terraced ribbon cascade waterfall found on the Crooks Hollow Conservation Area in Flamborough , Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
Mmatshumo is a village in Central District ( Botswana ) of Botswana .
Belunki is small village near Khadakewada in Kagal tehsil , Kolhapur district , Maharashtra , India .
In and around Pijnacker there are big and attractive nature areas , of which one is the Ackerdijkse Plassen , one of the most important bird areas in the Netherlands .
Śwignajno ( ɕfiɡˈnai̯nɔ ) ( German : Schwignainen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruciane - Nida , within Pisz County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Port of Berbera , also known as Berbera Port , is the official seaport of Berbera , the commercial capital of the autonomous Somaliland region in northwestern Somalia .
Mary McConnel School ( MMS ) is a joint initiative of the Anglican Church of Australia and the Uniting Church in Australia .
The Afram Plains District is a former district of Ghana in the Eastern Region of south Ghana .
SEGH - CFE 1 is a photovoltaic project immediately adjacent to the Comisión Federal de Electricidad power station in Puerto Libertad , Sonora in Mexico , approximately 115 kilometres ( 71 mi ) south of the United States border .
Guinate is a village in the municipality of Haría in northern Lanzarote in the Las Palmas province of Spain ( the Eastern Canary Islands ) .
The ADAC Eifelrennen was an annual motor race , organised by ADAC Automobile Club from 1922 to 2003 , held in Germany 's Eifel mountain region even before the Nürburgring was built there .
Rzędowie ( ʐɛnˈdɔvjɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Brzeźnica , within Pajęczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Dulowa ( duˈlɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebinia , within Chrzanów County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Mount Selinda , at an altitude of 1,100 metres , is a village and mission station in the province of Manicaland in the eastern mountains of Zimbabwe .
Ust - Shchuger ( Russian : Усть-Щугер ) , formerly known as Ust - Shchugor ( Усть-Щугор ) , is a rural locality ( a village ) in the Komi Republic , Russia , located at an elevation of 85 meters ( 279 ft ) near the confluence of the Pechora and Shchuger Rivers .
Ono Academic College ( in hebrew : הקריה האקדמית אונו ) is a college located in Kiryat Ono , Israel .
Galmeh ( Persian : گلمه‎ , also Romanized as Galāmeh , Golameh , Golmeh , and Kalmeh ) is a village in Zanjireh Rural District , in the Shabab District of Chardaval County , Ilam Province , Iran .
The Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Area is a World Heritage Site in Tasmania , Australia .
Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn Anthropology Centre ( SAC ) an academic institution in Thailand , established in 1992 , with an aim for systematic gathering , processing and servicing of anthropological data scattered throughout the country .
Brunate is a town and comune in the province of Como in northern Italy , some 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) northeast of Milan .
Aşıklı Höyük is a settlement mound located nearly 1 km south of Kızılkaya village on the bank of the Melendiz brook , and 25 kilometers south - east of Aksaray , Turkey .
Sääminki ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈsæ : minki ) ) ( Swedish : Säminge ) is countryside and former municipality of Finland .
Sparebanken Vest ( OSE : SVEG ) is the third largest savings bank in Norway , and the country 's second oldest bank .
According to the United Kingdom Census 2001 data , the Heald Green Ward has a population of 12,640 , of which 6520 ( 51.6 % ) are females and 6120 ( 48.4 % ) are males .
Niedaszów ( ɲeˈdaʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mściwojów , within Jawor County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Milošev Do ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милошев До ) is a village in the municipality of the Prijepolje in the Zlatibor District of Serbia .
Tyszki - Wądołowo ( ˈtɨʂki vɔndɔˈwɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno , within Kolno County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Pasdeloup Orchestra ( also referred to as Orchestre des Concerts Pasdeloup ) is the oldest symphony orchestra in France .
Since 3 July 2012 , East Acton has been home to the cathedral of the Syriac Orthodox Church in the United Kingdom .
Sviyazhsk ( Russian : Свия́жск ; Tatar : Зөя , Zöyä ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in the Republic of Tatarstan , Russia , located at the confluence of the Volga and Sviyaga Rivers .
The George Town Council is a local government area of the state of Tasmania in Australia .
The Penang State Mosque or Masjid Negeri Pulau Pinang is a state mosque located at Jalan Masjid Negeri ( Green Lane ) in George Town , Penang , Malaysia .
William Aberhart High School is a public senior high school in Calgary , Alberta , Canada , which teaches grades 10 , 11 , and 12 .
The town of Ruatahuna is located in the northeast of New Zealand 's North Island , 90 kilometres west of Gisborne , and 18 kilometres northwest of Lake Waikaremoana .
The Walls of Vejer de la Frontera ( Spanish : Murallas de Vejer de la Frontera ) refers to the town walls of Vejer de la Frontera , Spain .
Jaskinia Niedźwiedzia ( pronounced Yaskeenya Niecwiedza and translated as Bear Cave ) - is the longest cave in Śnieżnik Mountains part of Sudety mountains discovered in 1966 , located near village Kletno in Poland .
The Karasugskoye mine is a large iron mine located in eastern Russia in Siberia .
The Old Tao Nan School ( Chinese : 旧道南学校 ) is a historic building in Singapore , located along Armenian Street in the Museum Planning Area , within the Central Area in Singapore 's central business district .
The Bayuda Desert is located north of modern Khartoum , Sudan , west of Kadabas , and south of the Nubian Desert , together making up part of the Sahara Desert 's eastern flank .
Slieve Foy or Slieve Foye ( Irish : Sliabh Feá ) is the highest peak of a ridge of mountains collectively referred to as Carlingford Mountain , which rises near the town of Carlingford , County Louth , Ireland .
The Langesundsfjord ( Norwegian : Langesundsfjorden ) , also known as the Breviksfjord ( Norwegian : Breviksfjorden ) , is a stretch of fjord from northern Skagerrak , between the islands of Sandøya , Bjørkøya and Siktesøya in Porsgrunn municipality and the mainland of Bamble municipality , in Telemark county in the southeastern part of Norway .
The Zimmern Chronicle ( German : Zimmerische Chronik or Chronik der Grafen von Zimmern ) is a family chronicle describing the lineage and history of the noble family of Zimmern , based in Meßkirch , Germany .
NorthTec ( Tai Tokerau Wānanga ) is a tertiary education provider in northern New Zealand , with its main campus in Raumanga , Whangarei .
Hajji Alvan ( Persian : حاجي الوان‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjī Alvān and Ḩājī Alvān ) is a village in Cham Rud Rural District , Bagh - e Bahadoran District , Lenjan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Qush - e Chaker ( Persian : قوش چاكر‎ , also Romanized as Qūsh - e Chāker ) is a village in Sarakhs Rural District , in the Central District of Sarakhs County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Oxievång is a neighbourhood of the Borough of Oxie , Malmö Municipality , Skåne County , Sweden .
Longjumeau ( French pronunciation : ​(lɔ̃.ʒy.mo ) ) is a commune in the southern suburbs of Paris , France .
Thapandaung is a village in Madaya Township in Pyin Oo Lwin District in the Mandalay Division of central Myanmar .
Madinaty ( Arabic : مدينتى‎ Egyptian Arabic pronunciation : ( mæˈdenti ) , `` My City '' ) is a suburb , aimed at becoming a complete city , in northeast Cairo Governorate , Egypt .
Arashá Spa is a tropical forest health resort and spa , located about 3 kilometres west of the town of Pedro Vicente Maldonado near La Independencia , Pichincha Province , in northern Ecuador .
Sar Darreh - ye Beyglar Beygi ( Persian : سردره بيگلربيگي‎ , also Romanized as Sar Darreh - ye Beyglar Beygī ; also known as Sardarreh and Sar Darreh ) is a village in Sarab Rural District , in the Central District of Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Kumargaon ( Bengali : কুমারগাঁও ) is a region situated in Sylhet Sadar Upazila , on the outskirts of Sylhet , Bangladesh .
Jablunkov Pass ( Czech : Jablunkovský průsmyk , Polish : Przełęcz Jabłonkowska ) is a mountain pass in the Beskids , located in the elevation of 553 m above sea level , in the Czech Republic , near the border with Poland and Slovakia .
Since 2008 the village of Mater in Oudenaarde has been the home of Belgium 's smallest craft brewery : the Smisje Brewery ( previously located in Bruges ) .
Rakowice Małe ( rakɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ ) ( German : Wenig Rackwitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek Śląski , within Lwówek Śląski County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Langangen is a village in Porsgrunn municipality , Telemark county , in Norway .
Garus - e Olya ( Persian : گروس عليا‎ , also Romanized as Garūs - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Sahneh Rural District , in the Central District of Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 161 , in 30 families .
Darimu is one of the 180 woredas in the Oromia Region of Ethiopia .
The Hikurangi Trench ( also called the Hikurangi Trough ) is a linear feature in the bed of the Pacific Ocean off the east coast of the North Island of New Zealand , lying between the southern end of the Cook Strait and the Chatham Rise .
Baokang County ( simplified Chinese : 保康县 ; traditional Chinese : 保康縣 ; pinyin : Bǎokāng Xiàn ) is a county of northwestern Hubei province , People 's Republic of China .
Tafua is a seaside village on the island of Savai'i in Samoa .
Shahabad - e Sadat ( Persian : شاه ابادسادات‎ , also Romanized as Shāhābād - e Sādāt ; also known as Shāhābād ) is a village in Sadat Rural District , in the Central District of Lali County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Dahana Jamoat is a jamoat ( rural municipality ) of Kulob District , Khatlon Province , Tajikistan , in central Asia .
The Nationaal Archief ( NA ) is the national archive of the Netherlands , located in The Hague .
The Irish Army , known simply as the Army ( Irish : an tArm ) , is the land component of the Defence Forces of Ireland .
The Burgtor , built 1444 in late Gothic style , was the northern city gate of Hanseatic Lübeck , now in Germany .
Mayfouq ( Arabic : ميفوق‎ , also known as Qottara ) is a village and municipality in the Jbeil District of Mount Lebanon Governorate , Lebanon .
Formia is a city and comune in the province of Latina , on the Mediterranean coast of Lazio ( Italy ) .
Liptovská Kokava is a village and municipality in Liptovský Mikuláš District in the Žilina Region of northern Slovakia , at the foot of Kriváň , Slovakia 's symbolic and often considered most beautiful mountain .
Mišićevo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мишићево ) is a village located in the Subotica municipality , in the North Bačka District of Serbia .
1250 René - Lévesque , also known as the IBM - Marathon Tower , is a 226 m ( 741 ft ) , 47-story skyscraper in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
The Delta State University , Abraka - popularly known as DELSU , Abraka - is a State government university of Nigeria with a main campus located at Abraka , Delta and a campus at Anwai , Asaba .
The Dunantspitze ( German for `` Peak Dunant '' , 4,632 m ) , formerly called Ostspitze ( `` Eastern Peak '' ) , is a peak of the Monte Rosa Massif in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland .
Šentgotard ( pronounced ( ʃɛntˈɡoːtaɾt ) or ( ʃəntˈɡoːtaɾt ) ; German : Sankt Gotthard ) is a village in the hills east of Trojane in central Slovenia .
Vichuquén El Alamo Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto de Vichuquén El Alamo , ICAO : SCVK ) is a public use airport located 5 kilometres ( 3 mi ) north - northwest of Vichuquén , Maule , Chile .
Volovets ( Ukrainian : Воловець , Hungarian : Volóc , Russian : Воловец ) is an urban - type settlement in Zakarpattia Oblast ( region ) in western Ukraine .
Elgeseter is a location in Trondheim , Norway located south and east of the river Nidelven , south of Midtbyen , east of Nidarø , west of Singsaker and north of Lerkendal .
FK Lokomotiva Skopje ( Macedonian : ФК Локомотива Скопје ) is a football club based in the city of Skopje , Republic of Macedonia .
The Rauher Kulm is a small basalt mountain located in the Upper Palatinate ( Oberpfalz ) region of the state of Bavaria , Germany .
Like many other cities in Belgium , Beveren has a collection of giant puppets who take part in most of the local festivities .
Trajan 's Market ( Latin : Mercatus Traiani , Italian : Mercati di Traiano ) is a large complex of ruins in the city of Rome , Italy , located on the Via dei Fori Imperiali , at the opposite end to the Colosseum .
The Mae Ngat Somboon Chon Dam ( Thai : เขื่อนแม่งัดสมบูรณ์ชล ; rtgs : Khuean Mae Ngat Sombunchon ) , is a multi - purpose hydroelectric dam in the Mae Taeng District of Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Heemstede ( ˈɦeːmsteːdə ) is a municipality and a town in the Netherlands , in the province of North Holland .
The Canadian Academy of Sport and Exercise Medicine ( CASEM ) is the national medical specialty society for sport medicine physicians in Canada .
Timoudi ( Arabic : ﺗﻴﻤﻮدى ) is a town and commune in Kerzaz District , Béchar Province , in western Algeria .
Rockyford Airport , ( TC LID : CFC6 ) , is located 1.5 nautical miles ( 2.8 km ; 1.7 mi ) northeast of Rockyford , Alberta , Canada .
Ardfert Cathedral ( Irish : Ardeaglais Ard Fhearta ) is a ruined former cathedral in Ardfert , County Kerry , in Ireland .
Imam Ali Air Base ( ICAO : ORTL ) is a military airbase located near Nasiriyah , Iraq .
Wesselsbron is a small maize farming town 75 kilometres south of Bothaville in Free State province of South Africa .
Nadi ( pronounced ( ˈnandi ) ) is the third - largest conurbation in Fiji .
The Northern Metropolitan Football League ( NMFL ) was an Australian rules football competition based in the northern suburbs of Adelaide , South Australia until it folded at the end of the 1994 season .
Rebibbia is a suburb of Rome , Italy , on the Via Tiburtina on the northeast edge of the city .
Other notable nineteenth century geologists who worked at Joggins include Abraham Gesner , inventor of kerosene , and William Logan , who measured the cliffs bed by bed for the Geological Survey of Canada .
Kazheh ( Persian : كاژه‎ , also Romanized as Kāzheh ) is a village in Melkari Rural District , Vazineh District , Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Canton of Dompaire is a French former administrative grouping of communes in the Vosges département of eastern France and in the region of Lorraine .
Fuamah District is one of eight districts located in Bong County , Liberia .
Drombeg stone circle ( also known as The Druid 's Altar ) , is a Recumbent stone circle located 2.4 km ( 1.5 mi ) east of Glandore , County Cork , Ireland .
The Garsonuiskoe mine is a large mine located in the south Russia in Zabaykalsky Krai .
Sarabråten is an area near the lake Nøklevann in Østmarka , Oslo , Norway .
Mooste Parish ( Estonian : Mooste vald ; Võro : Moostõ vald ) is a rural municipality of Estonia , in Põlva County .
Täkulaid ( also Täkunasu , Täkunasv ) is an island belonging to the country of Estonia .
Kulkacharla or Kulkacherla is a village and a Mandal ( Administrative division of India ) in Rangareddy district in the state of Telangana in India .
Brianka ( Ukrainian : Брянка ) is a city in Luhansk Oblast ( region ) of Ukraine .
Lake Karum ( also known as Lake Assale or Asale ) is a lake in the Afar Region of Ethiopia .
The Munich Film Museum ( Film Museum in the Munich Stadtmuseum ) is one of six film museums in Germany .
Colexio de San Xerome ( in Spanish Colegio de San Jerónimo ) is a college in Santiago de Compostela , Province of A Coruña , Galicia , Spain .
Dürrbach ( Orla ) is a river of Thuringia , Germany , a tributary of the Orla .
The Palms Shopping Centre is a shopping mall located in the Christchurch , New Zealand suburb of Shirley , 4 kilometres ( 2.5 mi ) from the city 's CBD .
New Lynn Railway Station is on the Western Line of the Auckland railway network , New Zealand , and is part of an integrated transport centre where transfers can be made to and from bus services .
Vuku Church ( Norwegian : Vuku kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Verdal in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
The Fleisch Bridge ( German : Fleischbrücke or `` Meat Bridge '' ) or Pegnitz Bridge ( Pegnitzbrücke ) is a late Renaissance bridge in Nuremberg , Germany .
Grey Goose Island ( variant : Gray Goose Island ) is one of several , larger , uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Nunavut , Canada located within the midsection of James Bay .
Bermagui River is an open and trained semi - mature wave dominated barrier estuary or perennial river located in the South Coast region of New South Wales , Australia .
The European route E91 or E91 is a European route running from Toprakkale in Turkey to the border of Syria ( nearby Yayladağı ) .
Lac de Saint - Mandé is a lake in the Bois de Vincennes ( Paris , France ) .
Piegonisko - Wieś ( pjɛɡɔˈniskɔ ˈvjɛɕ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeziny , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Rotowaro was once a small coal mining township approximately 10 km west of Huntly in the Waikato region of New Zealand .
Vratji Vrh ( pronounced ( ˈwɾaːtji ˈʋəɾx ) ) is a small settlement above Vratja Vas in the Municipality of Apače in northeastern Slovenia .
The Diocesan College , or Bishops as it is more commonly known , is an independent , all - boys school situated in the suburb of Rondebosch in Cape Town , South Africa .
Poklečani ( Serbian : Поклечани ) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Saidabad - e Shafipur ( Persian : سعيدابادشفيع پور‎ , also Romanized as Saʿīdābād - e Shafīʿpūr and Saʿeedābād - e Shafīʿpūr ) is a village in Kabutar Khan Rural District , in the Central District of Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Merryhill Envirotec Ltd is a United Kingdom contractor who work in the field of asbestos removal and surveying .
Abdi İpekçi Arena , formerly known as Abdi İpekçi Sports Complex , is a multi - purpose indoor arena located in the Zeytinburnu district of Istanbul , Turkey , situated just outside the ancient city walls in Yedikule .
Harahorn , also written Harahødn , is a mountain located in the Hemsedal municipality in Norway .
Sindhri Airport ( IATA : MPD , ICAO : OPMP ) is located at Tando Gondal near Sindhri , a town in the Mirpurkhas District of the Sindh province of Pakistan .
Għasri ( Maltese : L - Għasri ) is a village in the western part of Gozo , Malta , with a population of 525 people as of March 2014 .
Igara Paraná River ( Spanish pronunciation : ( iˈɣaɾa paɾaˈna ) ) is a river of Colombia .
Lykochia ( Greek : Λυκόχια ) is a village in the municipality of Megalopoli , Arcadia , Greece .
Fderîck or F'dérick ( Arabic : افديرك‎ ) is a town in the north of Mauritania in the Tiris Zemmour Region , near the border with the Western Sahara .
Zasavica I ( Serbian Cyrillic : Засавица I ) , also known as Zasavica ( Serbian : Засавица ) or Gornja Zasavica ( Горња Засавица ) , is a village in Serbia .
Dragan Tsankov Boulevard ( Bulgarian : Булевард Драган Цанков ) is a large boulevard in Bulgaria 's capital Sofia .
Teresin - Gaj ( tɛˈrɛɕin ˈɡai̯ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Teresin , within Sochaczew County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
CSU Sibiu is a Romanian professional basketball club , based in Sibiu , Romania .
Franquia is a populated rural area in Artigas Department of northern Uruguay .
Qaranjik - e Gukcheli ( Persian : قرنجيك گوكچلي‎ , also Romanized as Qaranjīk - e Gūgchelī ; also known as Qaranjīk - e Gūgjelī ) is a village in Jafarbay - ye Sharqi Rural District , Gomishan District , Torkaman County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Čvarići ( Serbian Cyrillic : Чварићи ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Ħondoq ir - Rummien , the coastline below the village of Qala ( Gozo , Malta ) is dotted with traditional salt pans , some of which are still actively used to harvest salt throughout the summer months .
Club Ourense Baloncesto , S.A.D. , more commonly referred to today by its sponsorship name of Ourense Termal , is a professional basketball team based in Ourense , Spain .
Canis Resort is the world 's first luxury dog hotel , located in Freising , north of Munich , Germany .
Lugazi University ( LU ) , was a private university in Uganda .
The Ulsan Expressway ( Hangul : 울산고속도로 ; RR : Ulsan Gosok Doro ) , is a freeway in South Korea , connecting Ulju - gun , Ulsan to Nam - gu , Ulsan .
Iloilo Mission Hospital ( also referred to as Mission Hospital , Mission or IMH ) is a private tertiary , training and teaching hospital located in Jaro , Iloilo City , Philippines .
Hegdehaugen is a neighbourhood in the borough Frogner of Oslo , Norway .
Mayo - Tatchun is an electoral district which returns an MLA to the Legislative Assembly of the Yukon Territory in Canada .
Abalessa is a town and commune in Tamanrasset Province , in southern Algeria , coextensive with the district of the same name .
Kysnesstranda is a village in the Jondal municipality , Hordaland county , Norway .
Białyszewo ( bjawɨˈʂɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc , within Sierpc County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Brush Island is a continental island , contained within the Brush Island Nature Reserve , a protected nature reserve , that is located off the south coast of New South Wales , Australia .
The Skolkovo Innovation Center is a high technology business area that was planned to be built at Skolkovo near Moscow , Russia .
Frederiksberg Church ( Danish : Frederiksberg Kirke ) is the oldest church building in the Frederiksberg district of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Krynica - Zdrój ( krɨˈɲit͡sa ˈzdrui̯ ) ( until 31 December 2001 Krynica , Ukrainian : Криниця Krynytsia ) is a town in Nowy Sącz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , Poland .
The NamibRand Nature Reserve is a private nature reserve in Southwestern Namibia on the Namib Desert .
Şivlə ( also , Shivlik ) is a village and municipality in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Torroella de Montgrí is a coastal municipality on the Costa Brava , and small town in Catalonia , Spain .
The Zomba Massif is a mountain of the Shire Highlands in southern Malawi .
The Yilan Line ( Chinese : 宜蘭線 ; pinyin : Yilán Xiàn ) is the northern section of the Eastern Line of the Taiwan Railway Administration in Taiwan .
Chukochya ( Russian : Чукочья ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Pokhodsky Rural Okrug of Nizhnekolymsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 165 kilometers ( 103 mi ) from Chersky , the administrative center of the district and 120 kilometers ( 75 mi ) from Pokhodsk .
Finkenstein am Faaker See ( Slovene : Bekštanj ) is a market town in the district of Villach - Land in Carinthia , Austria .
Massawa International Airport ( IATA : MSW , ICAO : HHMS ) is an airport in Massawa , a major city in the Northern Red Sea region of Eritrea .
Kosančićev Venac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Косанчићев Венац ) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade , the capital of Serbia .
Kurangumala ( Monkey Hill ) is a small sub - village of Kozhencherry town in Pathanamthitta district in Kerala , India .
The Board of Audit and Inspection ( Hangul : 감사원 ; hanja : 監査院 , BAI ) is an organization in South Korea .
The Kahurangi River is a short river in the northwest of New Zealand 's South Island .
Othos is the highest village in Karpathos , Greece .
The Albis is a chain of hills in the Canton of Zurich , Switzerland , stretching for some 19 km from Sihlbrugg in the south to Waldegg near Zurich in the north .
Kiata is a town in the Wimmera region of western Victoria , Australia .
The Byam Martin Channel ( 76 ° 30′N 106 ° 00′W ) is a natural waterway through the central Canadian Arctic Archipelago Qikiqtaaluk Region , Nunavut , Canada .
Wilkowa Wieś ( vilˈkɔva ˈvjɛɕ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno , within Warsaw West County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Basilica Cistern ( Turkish : Yerebatan Sarayı -- `` Sunken Palace '' , or Yerebatan Sarnıcı -- `` Sunken Cistern '' ) , is the largest of several hundred ancient cisterns that lie beneath the city of Istanbul ( formerly Constantinople ) , Turkey .
Whirinaki Te Pua - a - Tāne Conservation Park is a publicly accessible conservation park in the North Island of New Zealand .
The Bida Emirate is a traditional state in Nigeria , a successor to the old Nupe Kingdom , with its headquarters in Bida , Niger State .
Tłuszcz ( twuʂt͡ʂ ) ( translation : Fat , German : Tluschtsch ) is a town in Wołomin County , Masovian Voivodeship , Poland , with 8,015 inhabitants ( 2014 ) .
The University of Koudougou is one of three public universities in Burkina Faso .
Opatów County ( Polish : powiat opatowski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , south - central Poland .
Nongoma Local Municipality is a local municipality in the northeastern part of Zululand in the KwaZulu - Natal province of South Africa .
IIC University of Technology ( IIC ) came into existence in 2008 through the evolution of International Institute of Cambodia , founded in 1999 .
Lac de Moiry is a reservoir in the municipality of Grimentz , Switzerland .
Gorenji Podboršt pri Veliki Loki ( pronounced ( ɡɔˈɾeːnji pɔdˈbɔɾʃt pɾi ˈʋeːliki ˈloːki ) ) is a small settlement in the hills northeast of Velika Loka in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia .
Hellfire Pass ( Thai : ช่องเขาขาด , known by the Japanese as Konyu Cutting ) is the name of a railway cutting on the former Burma Railway ( `` Death Railway '' ) in Thailand which was built with forced labour during the Second World War , in part by Allied prisoners of war .
The Eel River Converter Station is a high - voltage direct current ( HVDC ) converter station in Eel River Crossing , New Brunswick , Canada ; it is the first operative HVDC station in the world equipped with thyristors .
San José de las Matas , also known as Sajoma , is a municipality ( municipio ) of the Santiago province in the Dominican Republic .
Radyczyny - Kolonia ( radɨˈt͡ʂɨnɨ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Przykona , within Turek County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Shah Reza Mahalleh ( Persian : شاهرضامحله‎ , also Romanized as Shāh Reẕā Maḩalleh ; also known as Shāh Rez̧ā and Shāh Reẕā ) is a village in Siyahrud Rural District , in the Central District of Juybar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Olsztynek ( ɔlʂˈtɨnɛk ) ( German : Hohenstein ) is a town in Olsztyn County , in Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship of Poland .
Nacajuca is a city in Nacajuca Municipality in the state of Tabasco , Mexico .
The Augsburger Puppenkiste is a marionette theater in Augsburg , Germany .
Coimbatore Institute of Technology ( CIT ) is government - aided autonomous engineering college located in Coimbatore , Tamil Nadu , India .
Spanish Lookout is a settlement in the Cayo District of Belize in Central America .
The Los Alerces National Park ( Spanish : Parque Nacional Los Alerces ) is a national park in Chubut Province , Argentina , some 30 miles ( 50 km ) from Esquel .
The city of Kantchari is located in eastern Burkina Faso on the border with Niger and on the main road from Ouagadougou , Burkina Faso to Niamey , Niger .
Doora Mine was a copper mine in the Copper Coast region of South Australia , to the south of Kadina .
Dawat University ( Pashto : د دعوت پوهنتون‎ ) is a private university registered with the government of Afghanistan .
Kargaly is a copper mining - metallurgical district in the southern Urals of Russia .
East Jakarta ( Indonesian : Jakarta Timur ) is a city within Jakarta Special District , Indonesia .
Jungmun Tourism Complex is a popular surfing attraction on the south coast of Jeju Island south of South Korea .
Worabe ( allegedly from the Silti word for `` Hyena '' ) is a town in south - central Ethiopia .
Bala Qəcər ( also , Bala Kadzhar and Bala Qacar ) is a village and municipality in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Science Centre AHHAA is the biggest science centre in Estonia and the Baltic states , located in Tartu .
In its first format , it was referred to as Sesame Street Canada and later , Canadian Sesame Street and was a re - edited version of the American series ; it adopted a new format and the Sesame Park title in 1996 .
Chinateatern or commonly known as `` China '' ( in English : The China Theatre ) is a private theatre in Stockholm , Sweden , located at Berzelii Park in Stockholm city .
Rzeck ( ʐɛt͡sk ) ( German : Ridbach ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Tirahmad ( Persian : تيراحمد‎ , also Romanized as Tīraḩmad ; also known as Tīraḩmat ) is a village in Jakdan Rural District , in the Central District of Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Parliamentary Boundaries Act 1832 was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom which defined the parliamentary divisions ( constituencies ) in England and Wales required by the Reform Act 1832 .
Nalchik Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт Нальчик ) ( IATA : NAL , ICAO : URMN ) is a small airport in Kabardino - Balkaria , Russia located 3 km northeast of Nalchik .
Leleuvia ( pronounced ( leleuˈβia ) ) is a coral cay in Fiji 's Lomaiviti archipelago .
Eger ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈɛɡɛr ) listen ; see also other alternative names ) is the county seat of Heves , and the second largest city in Northern Hungary ( after Miskolc ) .
Suphan Buri Line is a railway line in Western Thailand , opened on June 16 , 1963 , by Sarit Thanarat .
The Windhoek Country Club Resort is a multi - use resort outside of Windhoek , Namibia owned by Legacy Hotels and Resorts International .
Rymättylä ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈrymætːylæ ) ; Swedish : Rimito ) is a former municipality of Finland .
Hribarjevo ( pronounced ( ˈxɾiːbaɾjɛʋɔ ) ) is a small settlement north of Velike Bloke in the Municipality of Bloke in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Mirpur Government High School ( Bengali : মিরপুর সরকারি উচ্চ বিদ্যালয় ) is a secondary school in Mirpur Model Thana , Dhaka , Bangladesh .
At the Mercy of Inspiration was a technical metal band from Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
The Leibniz Institute for Psychology Information and Documentation ( German : Leibniz - Zentrum für Psychologische Information und Dokumentation ( ZPID ) ) is a supraregional expert information center located in Trier , Germany and belongs to the Leibniz Association .
The Bondhusbreen is a glacier in the municipality of Kvinnherad in Hordaland county , Norway .
Kropa ( pronounced ( ˈkɾoːpa ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
King Abdulaziz Air Base ( IATA : DHA , ICAO : OEDR ) , formerly Dhahran International Airport and Dhaharan Airfield is a Royal Saudi Air Force Air Base located in Dhahran in the Eastern Province of Saudi Arabia .
Dalugama is a suburb of Colombo city , situated North - East of the Colombo city centre fort , the capital of Sri Lanka .
The Abel Tasman Coast Track is a 51 km ( 32 mile ) long walking track within the Abel Tasman National Park in New Zealand .
Cellamare is a town and comune in the province of Bari , in Apulia , in southern Italy .
Láhko National Park ( Norwegian : Láhko nasjonalpark ) is a national park in the municipalities Gildeskål , Meløy and Beiarn in Nordland , Norway .
Ukanje ( pronounced ( ˈuːkanjɛ ) ) is a settlement in the hills to the east of Kanal in the Littoral region of Slovenia on the border with Italy .
Kapik ( Persian : كاپيك‎ , also Romanized as Kāpīk ) is a village in Shenetal Rural District , Kuhsar District , Salmas County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Martin - Andersen - Nexö - Gymnasium Dresden ( MANOS ) is a selective high school ( gymnasium ) in Dresden , Germany , with a special focus on mathematics and sciences .
Alphonse Airport ( ICAO : FSAL ) is an airfield serving Alphonse Island , the sole island of the Alphonse Atoll in the Seychelles .
Laguna Dalga ( Spanish pronunciation : ( laˈɣuna ˈðalɣa ) ) is a municipality located in the province of León , Castile and León , Spain .
Alustante is a municipality located in the judicial region of Molina de Aragón , in province of Guadalajara , Castile - La Mancha , Spain .
Häädetkeidas Strict Nature Reserve ( Häädetkeitaan luonnonpuisto ) is a strict nature reserve located in the Pirkanmaa and Satakunta regions of Finland .
The Chambal Garden is located in southeastern Rajasthan , India on the banks of the Chambal River in the town of Kota ( once part of the Rajput kingdom ) .
However , the highway ends at Cuilco , so travellers wishing to continue on to other parts of Guatemala or to Mexico still must navigate rough dirt roads .
Dinaburga Castle ( German : Dünaburg ) , also known as Vecdaugavpils or Vecpils , is a castle located in Naujene parish east of Daugavpils , in the historical region of Latgalia , in eastern Latvia .
Attur or Aaththur is a town , municipality and headquarters of Attur taluk in the Salem district in the state of Tamil Nadu , India .
Lušnica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Лушница ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
It is located on the Sofala Bank in Sofala Province of Mozambique .
Huamango is an early Postclassical ( Toltec period ) archaeological located about 4 kilometers northwest of the modern city of Acambay in the State of Mexico .
The Gijón International Film Festival ( Asturian : Festival Internacional de Cine de Xixón ) is an annual film festival held in Gijón , a city in northwest Spain .
Pointe de Paumont ( in French ) or Cima del Vallone ( in Italian ) is a mountain of Savoie , France and of the Province of Turin , Italy .
Qaladəhnə ( also , Kaladagna , Kaladagnya , and Kaladakhna ) is a village in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Kujak ( Persian : كوجك‎ , also Romanized as Kūjak ) is a village in Rudbar Rural District , in the Central District of Rudbar - e Jonubi County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Sarmera is a block in Nalanda district of Bihar , India and has nine panchayats namely Malawan , Kenar , Dhanuki , Mirnagar , Husaina , Sarmera , Chero , Sasaur and Isua .
Gardena Pass ( Italian : Passo Gardena ; German : Grödnerjoch ; Ladin : Ju de Frara or Jëuf de Frea ) is a high mountain pass in the Dolomites of the South Tyrol in northeast Italy .
Ushachy ( Belarusian : Ушачы , Russian : Ушачи ) is an urban - type settlement , the capital of the Ushachy Raion , Vitsebsk Voblast , Belarus .
Zabrat Airport ( IATA : ZXT , ICAO : UBTT ) is a public use airport located 6 nm northeast of Baku , Bakı , Azerbaijan .
Žigon ( pronounced ( ˈʒiːɡɔn ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia .
Las Choapas is a city and its surrounding municipality in the southeastern extremes of the state of Veracruz in Mexico .
Mount Lewis National Park is national park in both the Shire of Mareeba and Douglas Shire of Far North Queensland , Australia .
Buangkok Green is a road that is in Hougang , Singapore ; connecting residents from Ang Mo Kio to Sengkang .
The Harzer Wandernadel ( literally : `` Harz Walking Badge '' ) is a system of hiking badges based on a network of checkpoints in the Harz mountains in central Germany .
Biestrzynnik ( bjɛsˈtʂɨnnik ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozimek , within Opole County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Haveli Majoka is a small village located at the Jhelum River in Pakistan .
Dole Manor ( Latvian : Doles muižas pils ; German : Schloss Dahlen ) is a manor house on Dole Island in the Daugava River , in the historical region of Vidzeme , in central Latvia , not far from Riga .
Janczewo - Sukmanki ( janˈt͡ʂɛvɔ sukˈmanki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szulborze Wielkie , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Warsaw Citadel ( Polish : Cytadela Warszawska ) is a 19th - century fortress in Warsaw , Poland .
Berke Dam ( Turkish : Berke Barajı ) is concrete arch - gravity dam built on the Ceyhan river in southern Turkey .
Rio Grande do Norte ( lit . `` Great Northern River '' , in reference to the mouth of the Potenji River , Portuguese pronunciation : ( ʁi.u ˈɡɾɐ̃dʒi du ˈnɔʁtʃi ) ) is one of the states of Brazil , located in the northeastern region of the country , occupying the northeasternmost tip of the South American continent .
Baranowiec ( baraˈnɔvjɛt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbie , within Koło County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Mazraeh - ye Ahmadi ( Persian : مزرعه احمدي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Aḩmadī ) is a village in Emamzadeh Aqaali Abbas Rural District , Emamzadeh District , Natanz County , Isfahan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Artukainen ( Swedish Artukais ) is a district of the city of Turku , Finland .
Snæfellsjökull ( Icelandic pronunciation : ( ˈstn̥aiːfɛlsˌjœːkʏtl̥ ) , snow - fell glacier ) is a 700,000-year - old stratovolcano with a glacier covering its summit in western Iceland .
The history of Duyvis begins with Teewis Duyvis , who inherited an oil mill from his uncle in the Netherlands in 1806 .
Katemjan - e Yusefali ( Persian : كتمجان يوسفعلي‎ , also Romanized as Katemjān - e Yūsef``alī and Kotamjān - e Yūsef``alī ) is a village in Ziabar Rural District , in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County , Gilan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 100 , in 36 families .
Savalan is a village and municipality in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan with a population of 294 .
Palača ( Serbian : Палача ) is a small village in Osijek - Baranja County , Croatia .
Thallavellamla is a village panchayat in Chityal mandal in Nalgonda district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India .
The Cittadella of Alessandria ( Italian : Cittadella di Alessandria ) is a star fort and citadel in the city of Alessandria , Italy .
Keikhoo ( also pronounced keikhu ) are two twin villages in India .
Fraubrunnen Abbey is a former Cistercian Abbey in the municipality of Fraubrunnen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
Niedobczyce ( German : Niebobschütz ) is a district of Rybnik , Silesian Voivodeship , southern Poland .
Avianca Building is a skyscraper of 161 meters located at the intersection of 16th street and Seventh avenue , next to the Santander park in Bogotá , Colombia .
Vanajavesi is a rather large lake in Finland .
Homoljac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Хомољац ) is a village in Croatia .
Wolf Blass is an Australian winery based in Tanunda , South Australia within the Barossa Valley wine region .
Jraberd ( Armenian : Ջրաբերդ ; Azerbaijani : Çiləbörd ) is a village de facto in the Martakert Region of the Nagorno - Karabakh Republic , and de - jure in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Lefkonas ( Greek : Λευκώνας ) is a village and a former municipality in the Serres regional unit , Greece .
Despite the improvements reducing emissions , the Coleson Cove Generating Station remains the largest thermal generating station in Atlantic Canada and has been cited by the New Brunswick Environmental Network and the Clean Energy Coalition of New Brunswick as the largest single point source of air pollution and greenhouse gases in the region .
The Koryak Mountains ( Russian : Корякское нагорье ) are a mountain range in Far - Eastern Siberia , Russia , located south of the Anadyr River , and northeast of the Kamchatka Peninsula .
Koviljkin grad or Koviljka is a name for archaeological ruins close to Banja Koviljača in the Loznica district of western Serbia .
Hawthorn High School ( Welsh : Ysgol Uwchradd Y Hawthorn ) is an English - medium comprehensive school in the village of Hawthorn near Pontypridd , in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf , in the Country of Wales , United Kingdom .
The University of Sarajevo ( Bosnian , Croatian and Serbian : Univerzitet u Sarajevu / Универзитет у Сарајеву ) is the largest and oldest university in Bosnia and Herzegovina , and is the oldest institution of tertiary education in the ex - Yugoslav states .
The Pannerdens Kanaal ( Pannerden Canal ) is a canal in the Netherlands that was dredged between 1701 and 1709 to cut off a large , shallow bend of river Rhine and so improve river traffic and water regulation .
Gassi Touil is a large natural gas field in the Sahara Desert region of Grand Erg Oriental of Algeria , within the commune of Hassi Messaoud .
In Ukraine , Kulykove Pole is known as a place of the annual Humorina celebration on the April Fools ' Day .
The Dominican Convent , Ilanz , the motherhouse of the Congregation of the Ilanz Dominican Sisters ( German : Ilanzer Dominikanerinnen ) , is located on a low hillside across the valley from the little town , roughly 30 km ( 20 miles ) to the west of Chur in the canton of Graubünden , Switzerland .
Ein HaEmek ( Hebrew : עֵין הָעֵמֶק , lit . Eye of the Valley ) is a communal settlement in northern Israel .
Avenue Montaigne ( French pronunciation : ​(avəny mɔ̃tɛɲ ) ) is a street in the 8th arrondissement of Paris , France
Qorqi - ye Sofla ( Persian : قرقي سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Qorqī - ye Soflá ; also known as Qorqī and Qarqī ) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Payer Island ( Russian : oстров Пайера , ostrov Payera ) is an island in Franz Josef Land , Russia .
Ncojane or Nojane is a town in the Kalahari desert of Ghanzi District , western Botswana .
Tsarmitunturi Wilderness Area ( Finnish : Tsarmitunturin erämaa ) is a wilderness reserve in Inari municipality , Lapland , Finland .
Słoków ( ˈswɔkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubrza , within Prudnik County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the Czech border .
The people of Olsobip belong to the Mountain - Ok culture area which is located in the Western range of Papua New Guinea .
American Pacific International School is a privately owned boarding school in Chiang Mai , Thailand with a kindergarten , elementary school , middle school , and high school .
Iguala ( Spanish pronunciation : ( iˈɣwala ) ) , known officially as Iguala de la Independencia , is a historic city located 102 km ( 63 mi ) from the state capital of Chilpancingo , in the Mexican state of Guerrero in southwestern Mexico .
Muelle de Gallineras is a fishing port and marina located in San Fernando in the Province of Cádiz , Andalusia , Spain .
Sojas ( Persian : سجاس‎ , also Romanized as Sojās , Sujās and Sudzhas ) is a city in and capital of Sojas Rud District , in Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Barru is capital of Barru Regency in South Sulawesi province of Indonesia .
Kato Akourdhalia ( Greek : Κάτω Ακουρδάλια ) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus , located 2 km northwest of Miliou .
Pokhara Airport ( IATA : PKR , ICAO : VNPK ) , is a regional airport serving Pokhara in Nepal .
Erpeldange Castle ( French : Château d'Erpeldange ) , located in the town of the same name in north - eastern Luxembourg , now houses the administrative offices for the Commune of Erpeldange , with its grounds open to the public .
Akaoudj is a village in Kabylie , in north - eastern Algeria , belonging to the municipality of Aissa Mimoun ( wilaya of Tizi - Ouzou ) .
The Great Colonnade at Apamea was the main colonnaded avenue of the ancient city of Apamea in the Orontes River valley in northwestern Syria .
Kottarakkulam Sree Mahaganapathy Kovil , Kollam is a popular temple in Kollam , Kerala , South India .
Holckenhavn Castle is a manor house located next to Holckenhavn Fjord , an arm of the Great Belt , just south of Nyborg on the east coast of Funen , Denmark .
Wadala has several schools and some renowned institutions like Veermata Jijabai Technological Institute ( VJTI ) , The University Institute of Chemical Technology ( formerly The University Department of Chemical Technology ( UDCT ) ) , Vidyalankar Institute of Technology(VIT ) , South India Welfare Society ( S.I.W.S),Auxilium Convent High School and Khalsa College , located near one another .
The Pomier Caves are a series of 55 caves located north of San Cristobal in the Dominican Republic .
The Circuito de Monsanto , or Monsanto Park Circuit , was a 5.440 km ( 3.380-mi ) race track near Lisbon , Portugal which hosted the Portuguese Grand Prix .
Runde Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Runde fyr ) is a coastal lighthouse located on the island Runde in the municipality of Herøy in Møre og Romsdal , Norway .
Khotont ( Mongolian : Хотонт ) is a sum ( district ) of Arkhangai Province in central Mongolia .
Tuchów ( ˈtuxuf ) is a town in Tarnów County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , Poland , with a population of 6,476 ( 2004 ) .
With an area of 32.44 km² it is the 16th largest island in Croatia and the largest island in the eponymous Kornati islands archipelago .
Maamorilik ( old spelling : Mârmorilik or Maarmorilik , also Black Angel Mine ) is a mining site in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland .
The Fonds national d'art contemporain ( FNAC ; National Foundation for Contemporary Art ) is a public collection of contemporary art in France .
The Canadian and American Reformed Churches ( CanRC ) are a federation of over fifty Protestant Christian churches in Canada and the US , with historical roots in the Reformed Churches of the Netherlands , and doctrinal roots in the sixteenth - century Protestant Reformation .
Bald Island is an island that is located in the Great Southern region of Western Australia .
The Idar Forest ( German : Idarwald , Celtic : `` i d ar '' - hill forest above the land ) is part of the Hunsrück low mountain range in the German federal state of Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Mount Arbel ( Hebrew : הר ארבל‎ , Har Arbel ) is a mountain in The Lower Galilee near Tiberias in Israel , with high cliffs , views of Mount Hermon in the Golan Heights , trails to a cave - fortress , and ruins of an ancient synagogue .
Gol - e Cheydar ( Persian : گلچيدر‎ , also Romanized as Golchīdar ) is a village in Gol - e Cheydar Rural District , Sarshiv District , Marivan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
San Bernardo del Tuyú is a city in the seaside La Costa District of the Province of Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Zohan ( Persian : زهان‎ , also Romanized as Zohān ; also known as Zihūn ) is a city in and the capital of Zohan District , in Zirkuh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Cederberg mountains ( Afrikaans : Sederberg ) and nature reserve are located near Clanwilliam , approximately 300 km north of Cape Town , South Africa at about 32 ° 30′S 19 ° 0′E. The mountain range is named after the endangered Clanwilliam Cedar ( Widdringtonia cedarbergensis ) , which is a tree endemic to the area .
Bordj Mokhtar Airport ( IATA : BMW , ICAO : DATM ) is an airport 5 kilometres ( 3.1 mi ) northwest of Bordj Badji Mokhtar , Algeria .
The Château de Lusignan ( in Lusignan , Vienne département , France ) was the ancestral seat of the House of Lusignan , Poitevin Marcher Lords , who distinguished themselves in the First Crusade and became the royal family of the Kingdom of Jerusalem , the Kingdom of Cyprus , and the Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia .
Līvāni ( Latvian : Līvāni , pronunciation ; Latgalian : Leivuons ) is a town ( population approx . 10,000 ) in central Latvia .
Enquête ( Inquest ) is a Canadian television newsmagazine series , which airs weekly on Radio - Canada and RDI .
Marc Garneau Collegiate Institute ( MGCI ) is a high school in Toronto , Canada , and part of the Toronto District School Board .
Tankosić ( in Serbian ; Танкосић ) or Tankosiq ( in Albanian ) , is a village in the municipality of Ferizaj in Kosovo .
Hageby is a Million Programme area in southern Norrköping , Sweden .
Grazanes is one of eleven parishes ( administrative divisions ) in Cangas de Onís , a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias , by northern Spain 's Picos de Europa mountains .
The Isla Iguana Wildlife Refuge is a 58-hectare wildlife reserve located 5 kilometers off the Los Santos Province on the Azuero Peninsula in Panama .
Weiswampach ( Luxembourgish : Wäisswampech ) is a commune and small town in northern Luxembourg , in the canton of Clervaux .
Godziejewo ( ɡɔd͡ʑɛˈjɛvɔ ) ( German : Rehfeld ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczki , within Olecko County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Port Royal Cays is a small group of uninhabited islands or cays off Port Royal , Jamaica , located at 17 ° 55′06.36``N 76 ° 49′11.96''W and arranged in the shape of an atoll with a diameter between 4 and 5 km , and a total area of 12 km² .
Kodivaka is a village located about 4 km from the town of Vakadu in Nellore district , Andhra Pradesh , India .
Débété ( also spelled Dabélé ) is a town in the far north of Ivory Coast .
Ashajipora is a neighborhood located in Anantnag district , Jammu and Kashmir , India .
Licancabur Lake is a crater lake in Chile located in the Licancabur volcano in the Antofagasta region , of the Región de Antofagasta , Province of El Loa and close to San Pedro de Atacama as well as very close to the border of Chile with Bolivia .
Hambantota District ( Sinhalese : හම්බන්තොට දිස්ත්‍රික්කය hambantoṭa distrikkaya ; Tamil : அம்பாந்தோட்டை மாவட்டம் Ampāntōṭṭai māvaṭṭam ) is a district in Southern Province , Sri Lanka .
Asopos ( Greek : Ασωπός ; also Latinised as Asopus ) is a village and a former municipality in Laconia , Peloponnese , Greece .
The Krughütte Solar Park is a 29.1-megawatt ( MW ) photovoltaic power station in Eisleben , Germany .
Tabisheh ( Persian : طابيشه‎ , also Romanized as Ţābīsheh ) is a village in Zu ol Faqr Rural District , Sarshiv District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Cañada Rosquín is a small town ( comuna ) in the province of Santa Fe , Argentina .
The Mullum Mullum Creek Linear Park is located east of Melbourne , Australia in the suburbs of Doncaster East and Donvale .
Visakhapatnam Port is the fifth busiest port in India in terms of cargo handled .
Colonia Buenos Aires is a colonia of the Cuauhtémoc borough located south of the historic center of Mexico City .
Ranseren ( Southern Sami : Raentsere , bijjie ) is a lake on the border between Norway and Sweden .
Lowz Dar ( Persian : لوزدر‎ ; also known as Līzdar and Līzz̄ar ) is a village in Chahar Cheshmeh Rural District , Kamareh District , Khomeyn County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Nakhon Si Thammarat Airport ( Thai : ท่าอากาศยานนครศรีธรรมราช ) ( IATA : NST , ICAO : VTSF ) is an airport serving Nakhon Si Thammarat , a town in the Nakhon Si Thammarat Province of Thailand .
St Dominic 's College , Henderson is an integrated college for girls in Year 7 to Year 13 located in Henderson , Auckland , New Zealand .
Plougonvelin ( Breton : Plougonvelen ) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north - western France .
Jastrebarsko ( pronounced ( jâstrebarsko ) ; Hungarian : Jaska ) is a town in Zagreb County , Croatia .
Kirov Bridge is a bridge in Vitsebsk in Belarus .
Lengare is a village in Khanapur ( Vita ) taluka of Sangli district of Maharashtra in India .
Deraniyagala is a town in the Kegalle district in the Sabaragamuwa Province of Sri Lanka .
Osten ( IPA : ( ˈoːstən ) , N. Low Saxon : Oosten ) is a municipality in the district of Cuxhaven , in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Angera ( Latin : Angleria ) is a town and comune located in the province of Varese , in the Lombardy region of northern Italy .
Podklanc ( pronounced ( ˈpoːtklants ) ) is a settlement on the left bank of the Meža River south of Dravograd in the Carinthia region in northern Slovenia .
Rokan River is a river in Riau province , central - eastern Sumatra , Indonesia .
The Antigua Workers ' Union ( AWU ) or ( ABWU ) is a national trade union centre of Antigua and Barbuda .
Chęciny ( xɛnˈt͡ɕinɨ ) ( Yiddish : חענטשין - Khantchin or Chentshin ) is a town in Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , Poland , with 4,252 inhabitants ( 2006 ) .
`` Il Canto degli Italiani '' ( ( il ˈkanto deʎʎ itaˈljaːni ) , `` The Song of the Italians '' ) is the national anthem of Italy .
The Princess Towers is an apartment block located in Kingston , Ontario , Canada .
Stormyrbassenget ( also called Stormyraven or Aven ) is a lake in the municipality of Hemnes in Nordland county , Norway .
Djenné ( also Djénné , Jenné and Jenne ) is a town and an urban commune in the Inland Niger Delta region of central Mali .
Maştağa ( also , Mashtaga , Mashtaghy , and Mashtagi ) is a settlement and municipality in Baku , Azerbaijan .
Gostilitsy is a village and the administrative center of Gostilitskoye Rural Settlement in Lomonosovsky District , Leningrad Oblast , Russia , located several kilometers west of the town of Petergof .
Malesiada is a village and a community in Aetolia - Acarnania , Greece .
The Musée de la Faïence de Marseille is a museum in southern Marseille , France , dedicated to faience , a type of pottery .
Independent Progressive is a description which has been used in the United Kingdom and elsewhere , to denote a political Progressive who lacks a formal affiliation to a party .
The Mogadishu Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral located in Mogadishu , Somalia .
The Krumbach Saddle ( German : Krumbachsattel , 951 m. ) is a high mountain pass in the Austrian Alps in the state of Lower Austria .
Rimavská Sobota ( Slovak pronunciation : ( ˈrimawskaː ˈsobota ) ; Hungarian : Rimaszombat , German : Großsteffelsdorf ) is a town in southern Slovakia , in the Banská Bystrica Region , on the Rimava river .
Hülövlü ( also , Gyulevle , Gyulevli , and Gyulevlyu ) is a village and municipality in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Tayandu Islands ( or Tayando Islands , Pulau² Tayando ) are a group of low - lying islands just west of the larger Kai Islands of Maluku , Indonesia .
Geureudong or Bur ni Geureudong or Bur ni Telong is a stratovolcanic complex in northern Sumatra , Indonesia .
Mazraeh - ye Changiz ( Persian : مزرعه چنگيز‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Changīz ) is a village in Jowshaqan - e Qali Rural District , Qamsar District , Kashan County , Isfahan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Aschanska Villa is a listed building in Umeå in northern Sweden .
Laukaha has a primary school , High school , inter college , a Police station , a Post office , a branch of State Bank of India , a branch of Central Bank of India & Gramin Bank in the market .
Ciężkie ( ˈt͡ɕɛ̃ʂkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojcieszków , within Łuków County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Lax - kw'alaams First Nation is a First Nations government at Lax Kw'alaams , formerly Port Simpson , close to Prince Rupert in British Columbia , Canada .
Ürgüp ( Greek : Προκόπιο Prokópio or Cappadocian Greek : Προκόπι Prokópi , Ottoman Turkish : Burgut Kalesi‎ ) is a town and district of Nevşehir Province in the Central Anatolia region of Turkey .
Nagoya Stock Exchange ( 名古屋証券取引所 Nagoya Shōken Torihikijo , NSE ) is a stock trading market in Nagoya , Japan .
Ojców National Park ( Polish : Ojcowski Park Narodowy ) is a national park in Kraków County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland , established in 1956 .
Kingsey Falls , Quebec is a town in Centre - du - Québec , Quebec , Canada , with a population of 2,000 at the 2011 census .
Tam Cốc - Bích Động is a popular tourist destination near the city of Ninh Bình in northern Vietnam .
Lago di Occhito is a lake in the Province of Foggia , Province of Campobasso , Apulia , Molise , Italy .
The Pines Beach is a small village situated roughly 4 km east of Kaiapoi in the Canterbury region of the South Island of New Zealand .
Chhapian Wali ( also spelled as Chhapianwali or Chhapiyanwali ) is a village in Mansa district of Punjab , India .
Asserbo Charterhouse is a fortress and monastery ruin in the small town of Asserbo north of Frederiksværk on North Zealand in Denmark .
The Degania Dam is a small barrage across the Jordan River just below the Sea of Galilee near Degania Alef and Yardenit in northern Israel .
Jiménez River ( Spanish pronunciation : ( xiˈmenes ) ) is a river of Costa Rica .
Silesian - Lusatian Lowlands ( or Silesian - Lusatian Uplands , Polish : Nizina Śląsko - Łużycka ) are lowlands located in Silesia , Poland and Germany .
Nowodomki ( nɔvɔˈdɔmki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Platerów , within Łosice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Shire of Mundubbera was a local government area in the northern catchment of the Burnett River , Queensland , Australia .
Tupambaé is a village ( pueblo ) in the Cerro Largo Department of eastern Uruguay .
Bugisu sub - region is a region in Eastern Uganda that consists of the following districts :
Kristin School is an private co - educational composite school located in Albany , North Shore , New Zealand .
Sairé is a municipality located in the state of Pernambuco , Brazil .
The first structures on Metzad were erected by the Israel Defense Forces 's civil corps of engineers .
The Barrier Highway is a highway in New South Wales and South Australia signposted as part of route A32 .
Flygarmonumentet ( The Aviator Monument ) is a statue that stands at Karlaplan in central Stockholm , Sweden .
Limón International Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Internacional de Limón ) ( IATA : LIO , ICAO : MRLM ) in Limón , Costa Rica , is one of the four international airports in that country .
Pisagua Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto de Pisagua , ICAO : SCPS ) is a public use airport located 2 kilometres ( 1 mi ) east - southeast of Pisagua , Tarapacá , Chile .
Saint - Sulpice - Laurière ( Occitan : Sent Superis ) is a commune in the Haute - Vienne department in the Limousin region in west - central France .
Mazraeh - ye Yadollah Jafari ( Persian : مزرعه يداله جعفري‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Yadollah Ja``farī ) is a village in Fasarud Rural District , in the Central District of Darab County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 44 , in 12 families .
Amar Janta Intermediate College , popularly known as Amar Janta College or as Amar Janta Inter College is an education institute in Katra Gulab Singh , Pratapgarh , Uttar Pradesh , India .
Tamin Rural District ( Persian : دهستان تمين‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Mirjaveh County , in Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Viscount Boyd of Merton , of Merton - in - Penninghame in the County of Wigtown , is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom .
Koitelinkoski ( i.e. Koiteli rapids ) is an outdoor recreation area located along the Kiiminkijoki river in the Kiiminki district in Oulu , Finland .
The University of Adelaide ( colloquially Adelaide University or Adelaide Uni ) is a public university in Adelaide , South Australia .
Lago Jeinimeni National Reserve is a nature reserve of Chile located in the Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region , south of Chile Chico .
Raggejavreraige or Råggejávrrerájgge is a cave located in a mountain above the Hellemofjorden in the municipality of Tysfjord in Nordland county , Norway .
Øvrebø is a rural district , a village , and a former municipality in Vest - Agder county in Norway .
Gorąca ( ɡɔˈrɔnt͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Temagami Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CNC8 ) , is located 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ; 2.3 mi ) southwest of Temagami , Ontario , Canada .
Prior to this Rossarden was one of Australia 's major tin producing towns .
Saratov State Technical University ( Russian : Саратовский государственный технический университет ) , located in Saratov , is one of the leading technical universities in Russia .
Czepurka ( t͡ʂɛˈpurka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów , within Częstochowa County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Marangu Magharibi is a town and ward in the Moshi Rural district of the Kilimanjaro Region of Tanzania .
Greater Napanee is a town in Southeastern Ontario , Canada , approximately 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) west of Kingston and the county seat of Lennox and Addington County .
Groß Düben is a municipality in the district Görlitz , Saxony , Germany .
Zaviyeh - ye Kivi ( Persian : زاويه كيوي‎ , also Romanized as Zāvīyeh - ye Kīvī ) is a village in Khvoresh Rostam - e Shomali Rural District , Khvoresh Rostam District , Khalkhal County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Dashli Daraq ( Persian : داشلي درق‎ , also Romanized as Dāshlī Daraq ; also known as Dāshlī Darreh and Dāshtan Darreh ) is a village in Salavat Rural District , Moradlu District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Ab Khuneh ( Persian : ابخونه‎ , also Romanized as Āb Khūneh ; also known as Āb Khāneh ) is a village in Bafruiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Meybod County , Yazd Province , Iran .
222 Exhibition Street ( TAC House ) is an office building in Melbourne , Australia .
The Ledberg stone , designated as Ög 181 under Rundata , is an image - stone and runestone located in Östergötland , Sweden .
Camp de Tarragona ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈkam də tərəˈɣonə ) ) is a natural and historical region of Catalonia , Spain .
Mirawno ( miˈravnɔ ) ( German : Marienhöhe ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz , within Myślibórz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Union of Czech and Slovak Zoological Gardens ( Unie českých a slovenských zoologických zahrad ) is an association of zoos in the Czech Republic and Slovakia that was founded in 1990 .
Tavayvaam ( Russian : Тавайва́ам ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) under the administrative jurisdiction of the town of okrug significance of Anadyr in Chukotka Autonomous Okrug , Russia .
The is also a light - version , Faxe Kondi Free , and three energy drinks ( sold in Denmark only ) , Faxe Kondi Booster , Faxe Kondi Booster Blue and Faxe Kondi Booster Red .
The Sierra de Grazalema Natural Park ( Spanish : Parque natural de la Sierra de Grazalema ) is a natural park in the northeastern part of the province of Cádiz in southern Spain .
Turku Student Village ( Finnish : Turun ylioppilaskylä , abbreviated Yo - kylä , Swedish : Studentbyn ) is the largest single student housing complex in Finland .
Tafazzolabad ( Persian : تفضل اباد‎ , also Romanized as Tafaẕẕolābād ) is a village in Malekabad Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Khezrabad District ( Persian : بخش خضرآباد‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Saduq County , Yazd Province , Iran .
The Batéké Plateau is located around the border between the Republic of Congo and Gabon .
Cook Strait lies between the North and South Islands of New Zealand .
Santa María del Lago ( Spanish : Humedal Santa María del Lago ) is a wetland , part of the Wetlands of Bogotá , Colombia .
Canadian Forces Base Esquimalt ( CFB Esquimalt ) is Canada 's Pacific Coast naval base and home port to Maritime Forces Pacific and Joint Task Force Pacific Headquarters .
Entrena is a municipality of La Rioja , ( Spain ) , located near the capital Logroño .
The Gorner Glacier ( German : Gornergletscher ) is a valley glacier found on the west side of the Monte Rosa Massif close to Zermatt in the canton of Valais , Switzerland .
Serralves is a cultural institution located in Porto , Portugal , and one of the most important of all the country .
Ibrahim Hyderi ( Urdu : ابراہیم حیدری‎ ) is one of the neighbourhoods of Bin Qasim Town in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Velestino ( Greek : Βελεστίνο ) is a town in the Magnesia regional unit , Thessaly , Greece .
Lanrelas ( Breton : Lanrelaz ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
The Karkheh Dam ( Persian : سد کرخه‎ ) is a large multi - purpose earthen embankment dam built in Iran on the Karkheh River in 2001 by the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps ( IRGC ) .
Chhajjian ( Urdu - Hindko چھجیاں ) is a valley in Haripur District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Pulozero ( Russian : Пулозеро ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Pushnovsky Territorial Okrug of Kolsky District of Murmansk Oblast , Russia , located on the Kola Peninsula beyond the Arctic Circle at a height of 141 meters ( 463 ft ) above sea level .
Lazanias ( Greek : Λαζανιάς or Λαζανιά ; Turkish : Lazanya ) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus , located southwest of Gourri .
Booster Lake is located in Nopiming Provincial Park in the province of Manitoba , Canada .
Hampton Downs Motorsport Park is situated in rural northern Waikato ( about halfway between Auckland and Hamilton on the Waikato Expressway ) , New Zealand near the Meremere drag strip and the dirt track club .
Paramonga was an important city constructed at the border of the former Kingdom of Chimor in Peru during the late Intermediate Period ( 1200 to 1400AD ) , whose capital was the metropolis of Chan Chan .
Najafabad - e Yek ( Persian : نجف آباد1‎ , also Romanized as Najafabad - e Yek ; also known as Najafabad ) is a village in Kavirat Rural District , Chatrud District , Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Növcü ( also , Novdzhu ) is a village and municipality in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Ltd. is a proprietary company limited by shares and registered in Australia , as is the Bufori Motor Car Company ( M ) Sdn .
Montrodat is a commune in the Lozère departement in southern France .
Okere Falls is a small town located 21 km from Rotorua on SH 33 between Rotorua and Tauranga on the North Island of New Zealand .
Lippendorf Power Station is a lignite - fired power station in Lippendorf , which is located in the municipality of Neukieritzsch , near Leipzig in Saxony , Germany .
The Fenambosy Chevron is one of four chevron - shaped land features on the southwest coast of Madagascar , near the tip of Madagascar , 180 meters ( 590 ft ) high and 5 kilometres ( 3.1 mi ) inland .
Milborrow Chimney Sweeps expanded over time and became one of the largest chimney sweeping company in the United Kingdom .
Estadio Julio César Villagra , nicknamed El Gigante de Alberdi , is a multi - use stadium in Córdoba , Argentina .
Faiava Island ( also known as Wasaü ) is one of the Loyalty Islands , in the archipelago of New Caledonia , an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean .
Anglo - Chinese School ( Barker Road ) is a secondary school of the Anglo - Chinese School family located at the Barker Road campus , Singapore .
Trachypedoula ( Greek : Τραχυπέδουλα ) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus , located 5 km south of Salamiou .
Rąbkowa ( rɔmpˈkɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łososina Dolna , within Nowy Sącz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Dooxada Cambaareed , also known as Dooxadacambaareed , is a locality in the northeastern Bari region of Somalia .
Balvano is a small city and a commune in the province of Potenza ( Basilicata , southern Italy ) .
Arpadüzü ( Armenian : Պերետես , Peretes ) ( also , Kolkhizashen , Kolkhozashen , Kolxozaşen , and Mashadishen ) is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Dommartin - Lettrée is a village and commune in the Marne department in north - eastern France some 22 kilometres south of Châlons - en - Champagne and some 22 kilometres west of Vitry - le - François .
Leichhardt Oval is a football stadium in Leichhardt , New South Wales , Australia .
Kasumigaseki ( 霞が関 , 霞ヶ関 or 霞ケ関 , literally Barrier / gate of Fog ) is a district in Chiyoda Ward in Tokyo , Japan .
The Peshawar Club Ground is a cricket ground in Peshawar , Pakistan , used for one Test match between India and Pakistan .
Machiques is a city in Zulia State , Venezuela , located in the northwest portion of the country .
The Academy of Fine Arts , Munich ( German : Akademie der Bildenden Künste München , also known as Munich Academy ) is one of the oldest and most significant art academies in Germany .
Playa Negra is a beach in the Guanacaste Province of Costa Rica .
H-2 Air Base ( code - named 202B ) is a former Iraqi Air Force base in the Al - Anbar Governorate of Iraq .
Uppsala University - Campus Gotland ( Swedish : Uppsala universitet - Campus Gotland ) is a campus of Uppsala University and a former university college ( högskola ) previously known in English as Gotland University located in Visby on the Baltic island of Gotland , Sweden .
Barra del Colorado Airport ( IATA : BCL , ICAO : MRBC ) is an airport serving Barra del Colorado a town located in Pococí canton , Limón province , Costa Rica .
The Degtyarsky mine is a large copper mine located in the south - west of Russia in Sverdlovsk Oblast .
Czystebłota ( ˈt͡ʂɨstɛ ˈbwɔta ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbiczno , within Brodnica County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Parkove ( Ukrainian : Паркове ; Russian : Парковое ; Crimean Tatar : Yañı Küçükköy ) is an urban - type settlement in the Yalta Municipality of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea , a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and annexed by Russia as the Republic of Crimea .
Tremithousa ( Greek : Τρεμιθούσα Πάφου ) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus , located 7 km north of Paphos .
The Coimbatore Medical College is a state government - run medical college recognized by the Medical Council of India .
Kajabad ( Persian : كج اباد‎ , also Romanized as Kajābād ) is a village in Kakhk Rural District , Kakhk District , Gonabad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Chitbara Gaon is a town and a nagar panchayat of Ballia district , Uttar Pradesh , India .
Mogi - Guaçu Biological Reserve is a biological reserve located in the State of São Paulo , Brazil .
The Schönebecker Aue is a geest stream in Bremen and Lower Saxony , Germany .
The CPF Building is a high - rise skyscraper located in the central business district of Singapore .
Thestieis ( Greek : Θεστιείς ) is a former municipality in Aetolia - Acarnania , West Greece , Greece .
Mourão ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( mowˈɾɐ̃w ) ) is a municipality in the District of Évora in Portugal .
Davudoba ( also , Davidoba ) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Mount Raoul Blanchard is the highest peak in the Laurentian Mountains , Quebec , Canada at 1,166 m ( 3,825 ft ) .
Vanevan ( Armenian : Վանևան ; formerly , Shafak ) is a small village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia .
Estádio da Madeira , formerly named Estadio Eng . Rui Alves and informally known as Estádio da Choupana is a football stadium in Funchal , Madeira , Portugal .
Newquay Cornwall Airport provides links to many other parts of the United Kingdom .
Xırdaoymaq ( also , Khyrdaoymak and Khyrdaoymakh ) is a village in the Davachi Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Del Norte International Airport ( IATA : NTR , ICAO : MMAN ) is an airport located in Apodaca , Nuevo Leon , Mexico , working as a secondary airport for Mexico 's third largest city , Monterrey .
Pokr Sariar ( Armenian : Փոքր Սարիար , also Romanized as P’ok’r Sariar ; Russified as Sariar Malyy ) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia .
Ticho House ( Hebrew : בית טיכו‎ , Beit Tikho ) is a historical home in Jerusalem , Israel , now functioning as a museum , administered as part of the national Israel Museum , which includes a restaurant and cultural center .
The Galway Technical Institute is a third level educational facility located on Father Griffin Road , Claddagh , Galway , Ireland .
East Bergholt is in the Wards and electoral divisions of the United Kingdom called Dodnash .
Kozani ( Greek : Κοζάνη , pronounced ( koˈzani ) ) is a town in northern Greece , capital of Kozani regional unit and of West Macedonia region .
Verkhovyna is currently an important tourist center in Ukraine .
Blatná ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈblatnaː ) ; German : Blatna ) is a small town in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic , with a water castle in the center of an artificial lake and a landscape garden around it .
`` Mer Hayrenik '' ( Armenian : Մեր Հայրենիք , Armenian pronunciation : ( mɛɾ hɑjɾɛnikʰ ) ; `` Our Fatherland '' ) is the national anthem of the Republic of Armenia .
The Qemal Stafa Stadium ( Albanian : Stadiumi Qemal Stafa ) , named after Qemal Stafa a World War II hero , is a national stadium and the largest football stadium in Tirana , Albania .
Prymusowa Wola ( prɨmuˈsɔva ˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno , within Opoczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Dubí ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈdubiː ) ; German : Eichwald ) is a town in the Ústí nad Labem Region , in the Czech Republic , near Teplice in the Ore Mountains , with 7,792 residents .
Monte Chiappo is a mountain of the Appennine located in Italy .
Cheltenham Park Racecourse was a horse racing track located in the suburb of Cheltenham in Adelaide , South Australia .
Obre Lake / North of Sixty Airport ( IATA : YDW , TC LID : CKV4 ) is a private aerodrome near Obre Lake in the Northwest Territories , Canada .
Mowtowr - e Dushanbeh Rushni ( Persian : موتوردوشنبه روشني‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Dūshanbeh Rūshnī ) is a village in Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem Rural District , Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem District , Dalgan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Kalupe is a settlement in Daugavpils District in southeastern Latvia .
Namgwangju Station ( `` South Gwangju Station '' ) is a station on Line 1 of the Gwangju Subway , located at Hak - dong 994 in Dong - gu , Gwangju , South Korea .
Kodeń ( ˈkɔdɛɲ ) is a village in eastern Poland on the Bug River , which forms the border between Poland and Belarus .
The Petten nuclear reactors are nuclear research reactors in Petten , Netherlands .
Bid Karz ( Persian : بيدكرز‎ , also Romanized as Bīd Karz ; also known as Bīkārez , Bikarz , Bīkasr , and Bīkaz ) is a village in Mishan Rural District , Mahvarmilani District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Paris - Gare de Lyon ( or Gare de Lyon ) is one of the six large mainline railway station termini in Paris , France .
Fanuj ( Persian : فنوج‎‎ , also Romanized as Fanūj , Fannūj , Pannūj and Fānūch ) is a city in and the capital of Fanuj District , in Fanuj County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Ümraniye ( pronounced ( ymˈɾaːnije ) ) is a very large working class district of Istanbul , Turkey , with a population of over 650,000 .
The Kamal Kumari National Award is an Indian Award given to individuals and groups in India for outstanding contribution to Art , Culture & Literature and Science & Technology .
Loungue is a place in Burkina Faso .
Wolpi - dong ( Hangul : 월피동 ; hanja : 月陂洞 ) is a neighbourhood of Sangnok - gu , Ansan , Gyeonggi Province , South Korea .
Sehesteds plass ( ' Sehested 's Square ' ) is a square in Oslo , Norway .
Al Daih ( Arabic : الديه‎ ) is a village on the north of Bahrain .
The Piraí River ( Rio de Janeiro ) is in the state of Rio de Janeiro in southeastern Brazil .
Mała ( ˈmawa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ropczyce , within Ropczyce - Sędziszów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Łąg - Kolonia ( ˈwɔnk kɔˈlɔɲa ) ( German : Long Kolonie ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Čurug ( Serbian Cyrillic : Чуруг ) is a village in the municipality of Žabalj , in the South Bačka District of Serbia .
Kabaena is an island in the Flores Sea , Indonesia , off the coast of Sulawesi .
Grand Hyatt Muscat Hotel is a luxury 5-star hotel in Shaati Al Qurum , Muscat , Oman .
Bredsättra socken is a former socken of Runsten Hundred on Öland , Sweden .
Hjem - IS ( Denmark , Norway ) , Hemglass ( Sweden ) or Kotijäätelö ( Finland ) , all meaning `` Home Ice Cream '' , is a Northern European brand of ice cream .
The Bundesfinanzdirektionen replaced the federal parts of the Oberfinanzdirektionen in Germany .
Toluca Cathedral , formally Cathedral of Saint Joseph of Nazaret ( Spanish : Catedral de San José de Nazaret ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in the city of Toluca , Mexico , named after Saint Joseph .
Hedland Senior High School is a comprehensive public high school located in South Hedland , a regional centre 1,632 kilometres ( 1,014 mi ) north east of Perth , Western Australia .
The Greek Ecologists and its leader are not accepted as a Green party by the Ecologist Greens , which enjoys international recognition as Greece 's green party .
Al Fardan Residences , also known as the Barjeel Tower and the Wind Tower , is a 64 storey residential skyscraper in West Bay , Doha , Qatar .
The station was named Jairamnagar after Rai Bahadur Jairam Valji Chauhan , a noted Kutchi railway contractor on 1 September 1939 by Bengal Nagpur Railway authorities being the only Railway Station in the whole of India to have been named after an individual businessman .
UWC Mahindra College is an International Baccalaureate ( IB ) pre - university college , located 40 km west of Pune in Maharashtra , India .
Lubardići ( Serbian : Лубардићи ) is a village in the Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Ozolmuiža Manor ( Latvian : Ozolmuižas kungu māja ) is an Early Classicism style manor house built for Count George Johann von Mellinn at the end of the 18th century in the historical region of Vidzeme , northern Latvia .
The Castle of Alarcón forms part of the fortifications built around the town of Alarcón in Cuenca , Spain .
Tangamong Lake is a lake in the Lake Ontario drainage basin in the township of Wollaston , Hastings County in eastern Ontario , Canada , at the easternmost end of the Kawartha Lakes chain .
Shesh Pir ( Persian : شش پير‎ , also Romanized as Shesh Pīr ) is a village in Shesh Pir Rural District , Hamaijan District , Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Middlemore Hospital is a major public hospital in the suburb of Middlemore , Auckland City , New Zealand .
The Manitoba Derby is a Canadian Thoroughbred horse race run annually at the beginning of August at Assiniboia Downs in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada .
The series aired in Canada in 1996 under the English - language title Night Hood , and in francophone markets as Les Exploits d'Arsène Lupin .
Tellin is a Walloon municipality of Belgium located in the province of Luxembourg , in the Ardennes .
Oppenau is a town located in the state of Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Clonloghan ( Irish : Cluain Lócháin ) is a civil parish of County Clare , Ireland , located 21.7 kilometres ( 13.5 mi ) by road northwest of Limerick , just north of Shannon .
Mhaidse or El Mhaidsse is a village in Lebanon , situated in the Rashaya District and south of the Beqaa Governorate .
The Moorina Power Station is a decommissioned hydroelectric power station , located near the hamlet of Moorina in far north - eastern Tasmania , Australia .
Nsoko Airfield ( ICAO : FDNS ) is an airstrip serving Nsoko , in Swaziland .
Niphates is a mountain chain in Armenia that John Milton uses in Paradise Lost iii . 742 as Satan 's landing spot upon Earth .
Tekirdağ Çorlu Airport ( IATA : TEQ , ICAO : LTBU ) ( Turkish : Tekirdağ Çorlu Havalimanı ) is a military and public airport in Çorlu , a town in Tekirdağ Province , Turkey .
The Desaguadero River ( Spanish : Río Desaguadero , Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈri.o ðesaɣwaˈðeɾo ) ) is the general name of a river in western Argentina that receives a number of different names on its path of 1,515 kilometres ( 941 mi ) .
Erasmio ( Greek : Εράσμιο ) is a community in the municipality Topeiros in the Xanthi regional unit of Greece .
Alva Church ( Swedish : Alva kyrka ) is a medieval Lutheran church on the Swedish island of Gotland , in the Diocese of Visby ( Sweden ) .
Chondros ( Greek : Χόνδρος ) is a village and a community in the Heraklion regional unit of the island of Crete , Greece .
Vaghashen ( Armenian : Վաղաշեն , also Romanized as Vagashen ; until 1935 , Avdalagalu and Abdalaghalu ) is a village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia .
Marushin ( Persian : مروشين‎ , also Romanized as Marūshīn ) is a village in Garmeh - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Laura Biathlon & Ski Complex is a skiing venue located on the crests and slopes of Psekhako Ridge in Krasnaya Polyana , Russia .
Haftoni ( also , Gaftoni ) is a village and municipality in the Lankaran Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Aruã River is a river of Pará state in north - central Brazil .
Kosina ( kɔˈɕina ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łańcut , within Łańcut County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
The Hawkesbury River , is a semi -- mature tide dominated drowned valley estuary located to the west and north of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Sturehof is a famous seafood and shellfish restaurant on the Stureplan in Stockholm , Sweden , established in 1897 .
Kažani ( Macedonian : Кажани ) is a village in the Bitola Municipality of Macedonia
RAAF Base Pearce ( ICAO : YPEA ) is the main Royal Australian Air Force ( RAAF ) base in Western Australia .
San Gimignano ( Italian pronunciation : ( san dʒimiɲˈɲaːno ) ) is a small walled medieval hill town in the province of Siena , Tuscany , north - central Italy .
Dadhimati Mata Temple of the goddess Dadhimati is located in Nagaur district , Rajasthan , India .
Isenburg - Büdingen was a County of southern Hesse , Germany , located in Büdingen .
The Aisha - Bibi ( Kazakh : Айша бибі ) is an 11th or 12th - century mausoleum for a noble woman located in the village of Aisha Bibi , 18 km ( 11 mi ) west of Taraz , Kazakhstan on the Silk Road .
Wabush Water Aerodrome ( TC LID : CCX5 ) is adjacent to Wabush , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada on Little Wabush Lake and is open from June until October .
Stara Ushytsia ( Ukrainian : Стара Ушиця ) is an urban - type settlement in the Kamianets - Podilskyi Raion ( district ) of the Khmelnytskyi Oblast in western Ukraine .
Rivière - du - Loup Airport , ( IATA : YRI , ICAO : CYRI ) , is located 4.5 nautical miles ( 8.3 km ; 5.2 mi ) south southwest of Rivière - du - Loup , Quebec , Canada .
Poljane pri Stični ( pronounced ( pɔˈljaːnɛ pɾi ˈstiːtʃni ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
XHUAN - FM ( Fusión 102.5 ) is a public radio station licensed to Tijuana , Baja California , owned by IMER ( Instituto Mexicano de la Radio ) , Mexico 's public radio network .
Pallouriotissa ( Greek : Παλλουριώτισσα ( locally ( palːuˈr̥kotisːa ) ) ) is an area of Nicosia , Cyprus , formerly an independent village , which was annexed to the municipality in 1968 .
Dangez ( Persian : دنگز‎ , also Romanized as Dangz ; also known as Dang ) is a village in Dehkuyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Bir Tibetan Colony is a Tibetan refugee settlement in the Himalayan village of Chowgan on the outskirts of the town of Bir , in the state of Himachal Pradesh in northern India .
International School Manila ( abbreviation : ISM ) is a private school in Bonifacio Global City , Metro Manila , Philippines .
Deira Island is a group of artificial islands in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
The Salvador Metro ( Portuguese : Metrô de Salvador , commonly called Metrô ) is a metro system and project for the Bahia state of Brazil , specifically in the city of Salvador .
Tyrifjorden ( Lake Tyri ) is Norway 's fifth largest lake with an area of 137 km2 .
Ashotavan ( Armenian : Աշոտավան ; formerly , Aghk’end , T’azak’end , Khnok , and Kirakosik ) is a village and rural community ( municipality ) in the Syunik Province of Armenia .
Cotabato City , officially the City of Cotabato ( Malay : Kota Batu ; Cebuano : Dakbayan sa Cotabato ; Filipino : Lungsod ng Cotabato ) is one of the independent component cities located in Mindanao Island Philippines .
Imilijjuaq Island is one of several Canadian arctic islands in Nunavut , Canada within western Hudson Bay .
Nagapattinam division is a revenue division of Nagapattinam district in Tamil Nadu , India .
Radych ( Ukrainian : Радич , Polish : Radycz ) is a village ( selo ) in Turka Raion , Lviv Oblast , in south - west Ukraine .
Meieribyen is the administrative center of Skiptvet , Norway .
Toila is a small borough ( alevik ) in Ida - Viru County , in northeastern Estonia .
Karchegan ( Persian : كرچگان‎ , also Romanized as Karchegān ) is a village in Keraj Rural District , in the Central District of Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Laguna Colorada ( Red Lagoon ) is a shallow salt lake in the southwest of the altiplano of Bolivia , within Eduardo Avaroa Andean Fauna National Reserve and close to the border with Chile .
Château Cheval Blanc ( French for `` White Horse Castle '' ) , is a wine producer in Saint - Émilion in the Bordeaux wine region of France .
Steinkjersannan or Sannan is a neighborhood of town of Steinkjer , Norway .
The Reichsmarine ( English : Navy of the Realm ) was the name of the German Navy during the Weimar Republic and first two years of Nazi Germany .
ES La Ciotat are a football club based in the town of La Ciotat in France .
Nowa Wieś - Śladów ( ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ ˈɕladuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów , within Sochaczew County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Krāslava Municipality ( Latvian : Krāslavas novads , Latgalian : Kruoslovys nūvods ) is a municipality in Latgale , Latvia .
The Šmarna Gora District ( Slovene : Četrtna skupnost Šmarna gora ) , or simply Šmarna Gora , is a district ( mestna četrt ) of the City Municipality of Ljubljana , the capital of Slovenia .
Chaviz ( Persian : چاويز‎ , also Romanized as Chāvīz ) is a village in Mishkhas Rural District , in the Sivan District of Ilam County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Ogan Komering Ilir Regency ( abbreviation OKI ) is a regency of South Sumatra Province , Indonesia .
Darkian ( Persian : دركيان‎ , also Romanized as Darkīān ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Gitnadoiks River Provincial Park ( formerly Gitnadoix River Recreation Area ) is a 58,000 hectare provincial park in British Columbia , Canada .
Krokos ( called Γκόβλιτσα , Govlishta or Гоблица before 1927 ) is a small Greek town ( κομώπολη / komopoli ) of five thousand inhabitants , only 5 km south of the city of Kozani in the geographical region of Macedonia , in Greece .
The Phoenicia Hotel Beirut is a historic 5-star luxury hotel situated in the Minet El Hosn neighborhood of Beirut , Lebanon .
China Radio International ( CRI ) ( Chinese : 中国国际广播电台 ; pinyin : Zhōngguó Guójì Guǎngbō Diàntái ) is the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) state - owned international radio broadcaster , currently headquartered in Babaoshan , a subdistrict of Beijing .
Kolkondas is a community in the Libofshë municipal unit , Fier County in southern Albania .
The Centre Marcel Dionne is a 4,000 capacity ( 3,038 seated ) multi - purpose arena in Drummondville , Quebec , Canada .
Church Action on Poverty is a UK - based national ecumenical Christian social justice charity , committed to tackling poverty in the United Kingdom .
The Rio Tuba mine is a large mine in the west of the Philippines in Palawan .
Shahik ( Persian : شاهيك‎ , also Romanized as Shāhīk ) is a village in Qaen Rural District , in the Central District of Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Islamovac ( Serbian : Исламовац ) is a village in the municipality of Brčko , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Skhira ( Arabic : الصخيرة‎ ) is a coastal town in central - eastern Tunisia .
Kuhpayeh Sara ( Persian : كوهپايه سرا‎ , also Romanized as Kūhpāyeh Sarā ; also known as Kūb Sarā ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Edith Dircksey Cowan Memorial , formerly known as the Edith Cowan Memorial Clock , is a clock tower in Kings Park , Perth , Western Australia .
Olenówka ( ɔlɛˈnufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dorohusk , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Koolimadu is a village in Chathamangalam Gram panchayat in the Kozhikode district , state of Kerala , India .
Zankhvav / Zankvav /Zankhavav is a small town cum railway station located in Surat District of Gujarat , India .
Kotor ( Montenegrin Cyrillic : Котор , pronounced ( kɔ̌tɔr ) ) is a coastal town in Montenegro .
Salavatlı ( former Kurucular ) is a town in Sultanhisar district of Aydın Province , Turkey .
Włodowice Palace is a ruined palace situated in Włodowice , Poland .
Dangyang ( simplified Chinese : 当阳 ; traditional Chinese : 當陽 ; pinyin : Dāngyáng ) is a city in western Hubei province , People 's Republic of China , lying 70 kilometres ( 43 mi ) east of the Gezhouba Dam on the Yangtze River .
Surkan ( Persian : سوركان‎ , also Romanized as Sūrkān ) is a village in Margavar Rural District , Silvaneh District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
When talking about construction of railways in Norway , Dovre Line is the 158,1 km long Dombås - Støren section .
Igreja dos Grilos is a church and convent in Porto , Portugal .
Valik ( Persian : وليك‎ , also Romanized as Valīk ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Kalyan is a part of the Thane District of Maharashtra state in Western India . It is also known for being the Mumbai region 's exit station to North India and South India .
The Reef Islands are a loose collection of 16 islands in the northwestern part of the Solomon Islands province of Temotu .
The Vieilles Charrues Festival ( French : Festival des Vieilles Charrues ; Breton : Gouel an Erer Kozh ; literally : Old Ploughs Festival ) is held every year in mid - July in the city of Carhaix located in the west of Brittany , France .
The Chamb ( German : Chamb ; Czech : Kouba ) is a river in the Czech Republic and in Germany .
Emirzeli ( İmirzeli ) is a group of ruins in Mersin Province , Turkey
Håvik is a small village in Selje Municipality , in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Île aux Cerfs ( in English : Deer Island ) is a privately owned island near the east coast of Mauritius in the Flacq District .
Gamlingay Cinques Common , sometimes just called Gamlingay Cinques , is a registered village green ( 39 ) and a small acid grassland nature reserve and County Wildlife Site located just north - west of the village of Gamlingay , Cambridgeshire , United Kingdom .
Robecq is a commune in the Pas - de - Calais department in the Nord - Pas - de - Calais region of France found at the junction of the D937 , the D69 and the D94 roads
Carovigno is a town and comune in the province of Brindisi and region of Apulia , in southern Italy .
Kampung Hulu Mosque ( Malay : Masjid Kampung Hulu ) is a mosque in Malacca , Malaysia .
The Aleksander Zelwerowicz National Academy of Dramatic Art in Warsaw ( Polish : Akademia Teatralna i m . Aleksandra Zelwerowicza ) is a public higher education institution in Warsaw , Poland .
Mazı Underground City is an ancient underground settlement in Cappadocia in central Turkey .
Ceppaloni is named in Italy as the place of birth of Italian politician Clemente Mastella
Carcès ( Carces in Occitan ) is a commune in the Var department in the Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Tswanaland was a bantustan in South West Africa ( present - day Namibia ) , in the far central eastern area of the territory around the village of Aminuis .
Ironcollo is a small town in the department of Cochabamba , Bolivia .
Basrik ( Persian : بصريك‎ , also Romanized as Başrīk ; also known as Bīsrak ) is a village in Targavar Rural District , Silvaneh District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Mitami Shrine Mitami - jinja 美多彌神社 ( also 美多弥神社 ) is a Shinto shrine in Sakai , Osaka Prefecture , Japan .
Bojanov is a Market town in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic .
The Shire of Cue is a local government area in the Mid West region of Western Australia , about 420 kilometres ( 261 mi ) east - northeast of the port city of Geraldton and about 650 kilometres ( 404 mi ) north - northeast of the state capital , Perth .
The Real Politics Union ( Polish : Unia Polityki Realnej , UPR ) is a free market - emphasizing conservative political party in Poland .
Letnin ( ˈlɛtnin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pyrzyce , within Pyrzyce County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
A man - made reservoir in Al - Anbar , Iraq , Lake Qadisiyah ( Arabic : بحيرة القادسية‎ ) sits on the north side of the Haditha Dam .
Kibergino - is a village in Russia , Ivanovo Oblast , Teykovsky District , Nerlian urban settlement .
Rochester Independent College ( RIC ) is a United Kingdom independent school in Rochester , Medway .
As of 2001 India census , Vilamana had a population of 14017 with 6858 males and 7159 females
Vellanikkara is a suburban area of Thrissur city of Kerala , south India .
Talpa de Allende is a city and municipality in Jalisco , Mexico .
Nafplio ( Modern Greek : Ναύπλιο , Nafplio ) is a seaport town in the Peloponnese in Greece that has expanded up the hillsides near the north end of the Argolic Gulf .
Bako Tibe is one of the woredas , or districts , in the Oromia Region of Ethiopia .
Zhonghe District ( Chinese : 中和區 ; Hanyu Pinyin : Zhōnghé Qū ; Tongyong Pinyin : Jhonghé Cyu , Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Tiong - hô Khu ) , historically spelled Chung - Ho and Jhonghe , is an inner city district in New Taipei in northern Taiwan ( Republic of China ) .
Jaunpiebalga is a village in the Jaunpiebalga municipality , Latvia .
Rhacotis , Egyptian ( 𓂋𓏤𓂝𓀨𓏏𓊖 ) Râ - Kedet , Greek Ῥακῶτις , was the original name of the city of Alexandria on the northern coast of Egypt , before it was renamed by Alexander the Great .
The East Coast Elevated Expressway is a proposed elevated expressway in the city of Chennai , India .
Red Crow Community College is a college located on the Kainai Nation reserve in southern Alberta , Canada with a campus in Lethbridge .
Haute - Garonne ( French pronunciation : ​(ot ɡaʁɔn ) ; Occitan : Nauta Garona ; English : Upper Garonne ) is a department in the southwest of France named after the Garonne river .
The Keane Bridge is a notable landmark of Sylhet city , Bangladesh .
Remembrance of the Dead ( Dutch : Dodenherdenking ) is held annually on 4 May in the Netherlands .
The Museum of Korea Straw and Plants Handicraft is a handicrafts museum in Myeongnyun - dong , Jongno - gu , Seoul , South Korea .
It is located on the Kāl River , a tributary of the Sāvitri River . Mangaon hold a central position for 3 MIDCs , Vile - Bhaagad MIDC ( well known for companies like POSCO India , Pioneer Gas ) , Mahad - Birwadi MIDC ( Chemical Industries area)and Roha - Dhaatav MIDC ( Also Chemical Industries area ) .
Lake Otún ( Laguna del Otún ) is a small lake in the Nevados National Park , in the Risaralda department of Colombia .
Kajkowo ( kai̯ˈkɔvɔ ) ( German : Buchwalde ) ( former Polish name : Bukwałd ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Viarsareh ( Persian : ويارسره‎ , also Romanized as Vīārsareh ) is a village in Deraz Kola Rural District , Babol Kenar District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Detvianska Huta ( Mikulášova Huta , 1880 Mikulássowá ) is a village and municipality in Detva District , in the Banská Bystrica Region of central Slovakia .
Takushoku University ( 拓殖 大学 ; Takushoku Daigaku , abbreviated as 拓大 Takudai ) is a private university in Japan .
The Communist Party of Galicia ( Galician : Partido Comunista de Galicia , PCG ) , is the affiliate of the Communist Party of Spain in Galicia .
Flanders International Airport or Flanders Airport ( IATA : KJK , ICAO : EBKT ) is an airport located in Belgium , in the town of Wevelgem and partly also in the Bissegem section of the city of Kortrijk .
The `` Diana Theatre '' is a small 2,345-seat indoor theater in Guadalajara , Mexico .
The Sammlung Grässlin is an art collection in Germany .
Globočice pri Kostanjevici ( pronounced ( ɡlɔbɔˈtʃiːtsɛ pɾi kɔˈstaːnjɛʋitsa ) ; in older sources also Globočica , German : Globoschitz ) is a settlement southeast of Kostanjevica na Krki in eastern Slovenia .
Notre Dame Island ( French : Île Notre - Dame ) is an artificial island located in the Saint Lawrence River in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Libourne ( Gascon Liborna ) is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Nowe Ostrowy PKP ( ˈnɔvɛ ɔsˈtrɔvɨ pɛkaˈpɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Ostrowy , within Kutno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Qax İngiloy ( also , Qaxingiloy , Kakh Ingilo , Kakh - Bash - Ingiloy , and Kakhingiloy ) is a village and municipality in the Qakh Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Igreja de São Gens de Boelhe is a church in Portugal .
Kamen Del ( Bulgarian : Камен Дел / `` Stone Piece '' ) is a peak on Vitosha Mountain in Bulgaria .
Włodków Dolny ( ˈvwɔtkuf ˈdɔlnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra , within Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Damauli , today Byas Municipality , is the headquarters of Tanahun District in the Gandaki Zone of Western Nepal .
Nahr - e Meseyyer ( Persian : نهرمسير‎ ; also known as Massīr , Meseyyer , Mosayyer , and Mosayyer - e Jonūbī ) is a village in Abshar Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Nazarabad County ( Persian : شهرستان نظرآباد‎ ) is a county in Alborz Province in Iran .
Rudsar ( Persian : رودسر‎ , also known as , Rūdsar and Rūd - i - Sar ) is a city in and the capital of Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The present - day Government House , Auckland , New Zealand is in the suburb of Mount Eden on Mountain Road .
Hazyview is a small farming town in Mpumalanga , South Africa and is renowned for its banana industry .
Luelmo is a municipality located in the province of Zamora , Castile and León , Spain ; and in the territorial area of Sayago .
The Central Park Towers is a complex of two towers in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
St Keverne ( Cornish : Lannaghevran ) is a civil parish and village on the Lizard Peninsula in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
The Rubicon Estuary is an estuary on the central coast of northern Tasmania , south - eastern Australia , lying next to the town of Port Sorell .
Bharat Pokhari is a town and Village Development Committee in Kaski District in the Gandaki Zone of northern - central Nepal .
Sar Howz - e Bala ( Persian : سرحوض بالا‎ , also Romanized as Sar Ḩowẕ - e Bālā ) is a village in Shalal and Dasht - e Gol Rural District , in the Central District of Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Portage Diversion ( 49 ° 56′48``N 98 ° 20′06''W ) ( also known as the Assiniboine River Floodway ) is a water control structure on the Assiniboine River near Portage la Prairie , Manitoba , Canada .
Grande Prairie Transit ( colloquially referred to as GP Transit ) is the public transportation system in the city of Grande Prairie in northwestern Alberta , Canada .
The Bavarian Ludwig Railway ( Bayerische Ludwigseisenbahn or Ludwigsbahn ) was the first steam - hauled railway opened in Germany .
Bosanski Petrovac ( Cyrillic : Босански Петровац ) is a town in western Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Casemate d'Oberroedern Sud , also known as Casemate Reiffel and Oberroedern Est , is a pre - World War II fortified position near the Rhine river in eastern France .
Tomasgårdens IF was a floorball club at the Thomas Church in Västerås in Sweden , established as a club in 1982 following the 1978 establishment of a floorball team and disestablished in 1999 following the merger with Västerås IBF .
Užupis ( Belarusian : Зарэчча , Polish : Zarzecze , Russian : Заречье ) is a neighborhood in Vilnius , the capital of Lithuania , largely located in Vilnius ' old town , a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
JetLink Express was a Kenyan regional airline with its head office in the Freight Complex in Embakasi , Nairobi .
Vågå Church ( ( Norwegian : Vågå kyrkje ) is a historic stave church located in Vågå in Oppland county , Norway .
Świdrów ( ˈɕfidruf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Vĩnh Tràng Temple is a Buddhist temple near Mỹ Tho in the Mekong Delta region of southern Vietnam .
The Ilsan Bridge crosses the Han River in South Korea and connects the cities of Gimpo and Goyang in the Gyeonggi Province .
Virlog ( pronounced ( ˈʋiɾːlɔk ) ; in older sources also Virloh , German : Werloch ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
The La Ceiba Wildlife Refuge is a wildlife refuge in Costa Rica , part of the Tempisque Conservation Area , which protects tropical forest on the Nicoya Peninsula near the small village of San Rafael de Paquera in the Puntarenas Province .
Ingelsvatnet or Ingjelsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Lierne in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
The Treasuries at Olympia were a series of small temple - shaped buildings located to the north side of the Altis or sanctuary at the site of Olympia in Greece .
Mårup Church ( Danish : Mårup Kirke ) was a Romanesque church located in Vendsyssel in Denmark 's northern Jutland .
The Rivière Soliette ( in Haiti ) or Arroyo Blanco ( in the Dominican Republic ) is a river in the southwest of the Dominican Republic .
Happyland Park was an amusement park in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada .
The Baetic System ( Spanish : Sistema Bético ) is one of the main systems of mountain ranges in Spain .
The Civic Aquarium of Milan ( Acquario Civico di Milano in Italian ) is an aquarium in Milan , Italy , and the third oldest aquarium in Europe .
Malestan or Malistan is a town and the district center of Malistan district , Ghazni Province , Afghanistan .
Banganapalle or Banagana Palli is a town in the state of Andhra Pradesh , India .
Gyro International is a non - profit social , service , and fraternal club for men located in the United States and Canada .
The Family First Party is an economically and socially conservative political party in Australia .
Kosova Hora , until 1921 Kosová Hora , ( German : Amschelberg ) is a village and municipality in Příbram District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
Mazzer is a village in the commune of Igli , Algeria , in Béchar Province , Algeria .
Jimbolia ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ʒimˈboli.a ) ) is a town in Timiș county , Romania .
Mundair Kalan , commonly known as Mundair Sharif Syedan ( Urdu : منڈیر شریف سیّداں ) is a village situated near Sahowala , between Ugoki and Sambrial in the Sialkot District of the Punjab province of Pakistan .
The Shire of Lake Grace is a local government area in the Eastern Wheatbelt region of Western Australia , about 350 kilometres ( 217 mi ) ESE of the state capital , Perth .
Getafe Air Base ( ICAO : LEGT ) is a military airbase located in Getafe , 14 km south of Madrid , Spain .
The Alcázar de Colón , or Columbus Alcazar , located in Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic , is the oldest Viceregal residence in America , and forms part of the Colonial Zone of Santo Domingo World Heritage Site .
Radohova Vas ( pronounced ( ˈɾaːdɔxɔʋa ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Radohova vas , German : Rodockendorf ) is a village southeast of Šentvid pri Stični in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
Rysum is a village located 15 kilometers west of Emden in the region of East Frisia , Germany .
The Iya Valley ( 祖谷渓谷 Iya Keikoku ) region in Tokushima Prefecture , Japan is a scenic area known for its dramatic mountain valleys , thatched roof farmhouses and historic vine bridges .
Pejowali railway station ( Urdu : پجووالی ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Pejowali village , Narowal district of Punjab province of the Pakistan .
Kario Ghanwer ( Urdu : کڑيو گہنور‎ ) ( Sindhi : ڪڙيو ڱهنور‎ ) is a town in Badin District in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
The Ceibas River ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈseiβas ) ) is a river of Colombia .
The Xiuguluan River ( Chinese : 秀姑巒溪 ; Hanyu Pinyin : Xiùgūluán Xī ; Tongyong Pinyin : Siòuguluán Si ; Wade -- Giles : Hsiu4-ku1-luan2 Hsi1 ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Siù - ko͘-lôan - khoe ) is a river in southeastern Taiwan .
Tomsk Polytechnic University ( TPU ) in Tomsk , Russia , is the oldest technical university in Russia east of the Urals .
The Padang Jawa Komuter station is a commuter train halt located in Padang Jawa , Selangor , Malaysia .
The Ekeby oak tree ( Swedish : Ekebyhovseken ) is an oak tree in Ekerö outside Stockholm , Sweden , close to Ekebyhov Castle .
J. K. College ( Bengali : জগন্নাথকিশোর কলেজ ) , also known by the full name Jagannath Kishore College , established in 1948 , is the oldest college in Purulia district , West Bengal , India .
Invercargill Brewery , New Zealand 's Southern most craft brewery was established by Steve Nally in 1999 at Oteramika Road on the outskirts of Invercargill city .
The Commission on Social Welfare ( CSW ) was a commission in Ireland that from 1983 to 1986 reviewed social welfare in the country .
Keniera ( also Kéniéran , Kéniéra , Kenieran ) is a town in eastern Guinea .
Abitar ( Persian : ابيتر‎ , also Romanized as Ābītar ) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District , Shavur District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Barèges ( Barètge in Gascon ) is a French commune in the Hautes - Pyrénées department in the Midi - Pyrénées region of south - western France .
Belyy Piket ( also Ak - Beket , Kyrgyz : Ак-Бекет ) is a village in the Chuy Province of Kyrgyzstan .
Mala Plaža ( Albanian : Plazhi i Vogël or Rana , English : Small Beach ) , also called City Beach ( Albanian : Plazhi i Qytetit , Serbian : Gradska Plaža ) is a beach in Ulcinj , Montenegro .
Shaharut ( Hebrew : שַׁחֲרוּת ) is a communal settlement 40 kilometers north of Eilat , and 6 kilometers west of Yotvata on a ridge above the Arava Valley in the far south of Israel .
CityLife Church is a multi - site , Pentecostal megachurch located in Melbourne , Australia , with weekly services in the municipalities of Knox , Casey , Manningham and Whittlesea .
Bujakovići ( Serbian : Бујаковићи ) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Ġnejna Bay ( Maltese pronunciation : ( dʒˈnɛjna ) ) is a popular tourist destination located about 1 kilometer from the village of Mġarr on the western coast of Malta .
Ryjewo ( rɨˈjɛvɔ ) ( German Rehhof ) is a village in Kwidzyn County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Tyrol Castle , less commonly Tirol Castle ( Italian : Castel Tirolo , German : Schloss Tirol ) is a castle in the comune ( municipality ) of Tirol near Merano , in the Burggrafenamt district of South Tyrol , Italy .
Sømandshjemmet Bethel , now known as Hotel Bethel , is a sailor 's hostel overlooking the Nyhavn canal in central Copenhagen , Denmark .
KLIA Expressway , Federal Route 26 , is the main expressway in Klang Valley , Malaysia .
Schipluiden is a village in the western Netherlands , in the province of South Holland .
Helga Lekamens Gränd ( Swedish : `` Alley of the Holy Body '' ) is an alley in Gamla stan , the old town in central Stockholm , Sweden .
Saint - Victurnien ( Occitan : Sent Vertunian ) is a commune in the Haute - Vienne department in the Limousin region in west - central France .
Ambalamugal is a small township adjacent to the city of Kochi in Kerala , India .
Mulkkusaaret ( literally translates to Dick Islands or Penis Islands ) is a group of three small islands and one rock in lake Oulujärvi in the Paltamo municipality in Finland .
Habuba Kabira ( Tell Qanas ) is the site of an Uruk settlement along the Euphrates in Syria , founded during the later part of the Uruk period .
Besat Institute of Higher Education of Kerman is one of centers of higher education in Kerman , this university operates under the supervision of Ministry of Science , Research and Technology of Iran .
The Kholpetua River ( Kholpatua River ) is located in southwestern Bangladesh .
Witley Common is an area of woodland and heath , close to Witley , Surrey , in the United Kingdom .
Niezdrowice ( ɲɛzdrɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujazd , within Strzelce County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Orahovica Monastery is a Serbian Orthodox monastery in Orahovica , Croatia .
Søndre Folgefonna ( English : Southern Folgefonna ) is the third largest glacier in mainland Norway , and is the largest of the three glaciers constituting Folgefonna .
The next day , the remaining seven men pillaged Fort Crevecoeur of all provisions and ammunition , destroyed the fort and most of them fled back to Canada .
Jakimowice ( jakimɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radoszyce , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Deokdu Station ( Hangul : 덕두역 ; hanja : 德斗驛 ) is a station of the BGLRT Line of Busan Metro in Daejeo - dong , Gangseo District , Busan , South Korea .
Padena - ye Olya Rural District ( Persian : دهستان پادناعليا‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Padena District , Semirom County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The National Theatre of Pécs is the main theatre of Pécs , Hungary .
Taq Tavi ( Persian : طاق تاوي‎ , also Romanized as Ţāq Tāvī and Ţāqţāvī ) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District , Chavar District , Ilam County , Ilam Province , Iran .
The Bucaramanga Nest is a seismic region located in Colombia .
Primary Health Centre ( At Pizhala North Ward ) Kadmakudy Grama Panchayath Office ( KadamakkudyPanchayath ) Kadmakudy Village Office ( Kadamakudy Union Bank of India Branch Pizhala Post Office Pin 682 027
The Urban Community of Lyon ( French : Communauté urbaine de Lyon ) , also known as Grand Lyon ( i.e. `` Greater Lyon '' ) or by its former acronym COURLY , is the former intercommunal structure gathering the city of Lyon ( France ) and some of its suburbs .
Krinčinas is a small town in Panevėžys County , in northeastern Lithuania .
Azuaga ( Spanish pronunciation : ( aˈθwaɣa ) ) is a town located in the province of Badajoz in southern Extremadura , bordering the Andalusian provinces of Seville and Córdoba in Spain .
Wiórek ( ˈvjurɛk ) ( German : Spanndorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mosina , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Razgrad ( Bulgarian : Разград ( razˈɡrat ) ) is a city in northeastern Bulgaria , administrative and industrial centre of the homonymous Razgrad Province .
Janče ( pronounced ( ˈjaːntʃɛ ) ; in older sources and locally also Jančje , German : Jantschberg ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills south of the Sava River east of the capital Ljubljana in central Slovenia .
The Keles River is a river of Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan ( short length ) .
Harqin Banner ( Mongolian : ᠬᠠᠷᠠᠴᠢᠨ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ Qaračin qosiɣu ; Chinese : 喀喇沁旗 ; pinyin : Kèlǎqìn Qí ) is a banner of southeastern Inner Mongolia , People 's Republic of China .
Cap d'Agde ( French pronunciation : ​(kap daɡd ) ) is the seaside resort of the town of Agde , France , on the Mediterranean sea in the département of Hérault , within the région of Languedoc - Roussillon .
Gavrilov - Yam ( Russian : Гаври́лов-Ям ) is a town and the administrative center of Gavrilov - Yamsky District in Yaroslavl Oblast , Russia , located on the Kotorosl River .
The 2010 eruptions of Eyjafjallajökull were volcanic events at Eyjafjallajökull in Iceland which , although relatively small for volcanic eruptions , caused enormous disruption to air travel across western and northern Europe over an initial period of six days in April 2010 .
Mũi Cà Mau National Park ( Vietnamese : Vườn quốc gia Mũi Cà Mau ) or National Park of Cape Cà Mau is a national park in southern Vietnam .
Parque Warner Madrid ( previously known as Warner Bros. Movie World Madrid and Warner Bros. Park ) is a theme park located 25 km southeast of Madrid , Spain , in the municipality of San Martín de la Vega .
Vespuoli is a district in Jyväskylä , Finland .
Dukem ( var . Ducam , Dukham ; Ge'ez ዱከም ) is a town in central Ethiopia .
Gevrey - Chambertin is a commune in the Côte - d'Or department of France in the Burgundy region in eastern France .
Hashkova ( Persian : حشكوا‎ , also Romanized as Ḩashkovā and Hashkava ; also known as Ḩashgevā and Khashkava ) is a village in Belesbeneh Rural District , Kuchesfahan District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Battle of Lewes Road was a confrontation which took place in Brighton during the 1926 United Kingdom general strike .
Ein Tamar ( Hebrew : עֵין תָּמָר , lit . Date Spring ) is a moshav in the northern Arabah valley in Israel .
Airblue Limited ( styled as airblue ) is a private Pakistani airline with its head office on the 12th floor of the Islamabad Stock Exchange ( ISE ) Towers in Islamabad , Pakistan .
Deštné v Orlických horách ( German : Deschnei i m Adlergebirge ) is a village in the Rychnov nad Kněžnou District , Czech Republic .
Dravlje ( pronounced ( ˈdɾaːu̯ljɛ ) ; German : Draule ) is a former village in the City Municipality of Ljubljana , the capital of Slovenia .
The Dizin ski complex is the first ski and winter sport resort in Iran which has been officially recognized and granted the title by the International Ski Federation for its capability in administrating official and international competitions .
Ərəbsarvan is a village and municipality in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Lake Bardača is a lake and marshes complex in the municipality of Srbac , northern Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Laniado Hospital , also known as the Sanz Medical Center , is a voluntary , not - for - profit hospital in Kiryat Sanz , Netanya , Israel , serving a regional population of over 450,000 in Netanya and the Sharon plain .
Muhammad Yar Chishti ( Urdu : محمد يار چشتي ) is a village in Tehsil Depalpur , District Okara , Pakistan .
Canjuers is a calcareous plateau and a military camp in Provence in southeastern France .
The Copper Coast Highway ( route ) is a highway in South Australia which branches off from the Augusta Highway 2 km north of Port Wakefield and heads northwest across the top of Yorke Peninsula to Kadina and ends at the Spencer Gulf town of Wallaroo .
The Gag Island mine is a large mine in the east of Indonesia in Sulawesi .
Kryštofovy Hamry ( German : Christophhammer ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Chomutov District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic .
When in 1954 professional football was introduced in the Netherlands and the regional system disappeared , Enschedese Boys had to start in the Tweede Divisie ( 3rd tier ) , while local rivals Sportclub and vv Rigtersbleek could start respectively in the Eredivisie ( highest ) and Eerste Divisie ( 2nd tier ) .
Abu Hajirat Khuatana ( Arabic : أبو حجيرة خواتنة‎ ) or Abu Hujayrat Khawatinah is a village near al - Hawl in eastern al - Hasakah Governorate , northeastern Syria .
Kolonia Kębłów ( kɔˈlɔɲa ˈkɛmbwuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski , within Świdnik County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Pweto Territory is a territory in Katanga Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( DRC ) .
The Musée des beaux - arts de Troyes ( officially known as the musée Saint - Loup ) is one of the two main art and archaeology museums in Troyes , France - the other is the Musée d'art moderne de Troyes .
Bucoli is a suco ( municipality ) in Baucau Subdistrict , Baucau District , East Timor and also a settlement in the Bucoli Suco .
Małaszewicze ( mawaʂɛˈvʲit͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Karaputugala is a village in Matara District , Sri Lanka , 22 kilometers away from Matara .
Thana Proper is an administrative unit , Union council , of Malakand District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Beliatta is a town located in Hambantota District , southern province Sri Lanka near but inland from the coast about 7 km away .
Asht ( also , Shaydan or Shaidan ) ( Tajik : Ашт ; Persian : اشت‎ ) is a town and jamoat in north - west Tajikistan .
La Grande Arche de la Défense ( pronounced : ( la ɡʁɑ̃d aʁʃ də la defɑ̃s ) ; also La Grande Arche de la Fraternité ) is a monument and building in the business district of La Défense and in the commune of Puteaux , to the west of Paris , France .
Plaza del Cristo de La Laguna is a square in the city of San Cristóbal de La Laguna ( on the island of Tenerife , Canary Islands , Spain ) .
Vrindavan Chandrodaya Mandir is the world 's tallest temple under - construction at Vrindavan , Mathura , India .
Hosseinabad - e Poodchah ( Persian : حسین‌آباد پود چاه ‎ ) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District , in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Qazi - ye Pain ( Persian : قاضي پايين‎ , also Romanized as Qāẕī - ye Pā’īn ; also known as Qāẕī - ye Soflá ) is a village in Rahjerd - e Sharqi Rural District , Salafchegan District , Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
Sri Radha Shyamasundar Mandir is a Hindu temple located in central Seoul , South Korea .
Sézanne is a commune in the Marne department and Champagne - Ardenne region in north - eastern France .
Gjeslingene Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Gjeslingene fyr ) is a coastal lighthouse in the municipality of Vikna in Nord - Trøndelag , Norway .
Keshavpura is a town in the Kota district of Rajasthan in India .
Bag - o Abo ( historically Bagabu Islet ) is a small , wooded island in northeastern Iloilo , Philippines .
Amajlije ( Serbian Cyrillic : Амајлије ) is a place located east of the city of Bijeljina in Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Sara River , a perennial stream that is part of the Clarence River catchment , is located in the New England and Northern Tablelands districts of New South Wales , Australia .
Lygia ( Greek : Λυγιά ) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Vartholomio , Elis , Greece .
Biratnagar Airport ( IATA : BIR , ICAO : VNVT ) is an airport serving Biratnagar , a city of the Morang district in the Koshi zone in Nepal .
Björkö or Bohus - Björkö is a locality situated in Öckerö Municipality , Västra Götaland County , Sweden with 1,427 inhabitants in 2010 .
Awem Games is a casual games developer based in Mogilev , Belarus .
Międzylas ( mjɛnˈd͡zɨlas ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudnik , within Krasnystaw County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Anvah - ye Kalan was a village in Bamyan Province in northern - central Afghanistan , it was destroyed by fighting between the Taliban and NATO troops and is now uninhabited .
Camberwell Grammar School is an independent , Anglican , day school for boys , located in Canterbury , an eastern suburb of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
The Pattullo Bridge is a through arch bridge located in the Metro Vancouver region of British Columbia , Canada .
Dolní Kounice ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈdolɲiː ˈkou̯ɲɪtsɛ ) ; German : Kanitz ) is a small town in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic .
Maddington , Quebec is a township municipality located in the Centre - du - Québec region of Quebec , Canada .
El Negaila ( Arabic : النجيلة‎ ) is a city in Matrouh Governorate , Egypt .
Chah - e Golshani ( Persian : چاه گلشني‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Golshanī ) is a village in Doreh Rural District , in the Central District of Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Pod Bubnowem ( ˈpɔt bubˈnɔvɛm ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urszulin , within Włodawa County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Singaita River ( also Khawr Thingaita , Khor Thingaita , Rigl Thimgaita , Singeitta ) is a river in Eastern Equatoria state of South Sudan that flows through the town of Kapoeta .
Leksandrowa ( lɛksanˈdrɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Wiśnicz , within Bochnia County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Claresholm is a town located within southern Alberta , Canada .
Kouétinfla ( also known as Manoufra ) is a town in south - central Ivory Coast .
The Ohinemuri River is located in the northern half of New Zealand 's North Island , at the base of the Coromandel Peninsula .
Emam Kahriz ( Persian : امام كهريز‎ , also Romanized as Emām Kahrīz ) is a village in Zarrineh Rud Rural District , Bizineh Rud District , Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Bronzani Majdan ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бронзани Мајдан ) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Ierakas ( Greek : Γέρακας ) is a small village built along a natural fjord on the south east coast of Laconia , Greece .
The Colline Metallifere ( Italian : ( kolˈliːne metalˈliːfere ) , `` Metal - bearing Hills '' ) are a mountain - hill group in the Tuscan Antiapennine , in central Italy .
Vaskijärvi Strict Nature Reserve ( Vaskijärven luonnonpuisto ) is a strict nature reserve located in the Southwest Finland region of Finland .
Zarinja ( Armenian : Զարինջա ; also Romanized as Zarindzha , Zarndzha , and Zarnja ) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
The County of Belmore is a county in Queensland , Australia , located west of the Darling Downs in the Shire of Balonne .
La Camocha is a mining neighbourhood located in the rural district parish of Vega ( Gijón / Xixón ) in the Principality of Asturias , Spain .
Canchungo is a town located in the western Cacheu Region of Guinea - Bissau formerly known as Vila Teixeira Pinto after Major Teixeira Pinto , the colonial officer that pacified the area .
Gurudwara Naulakha Sahib is situated in the village of Naulakha , Fatehgarh Sahib district in Punjab , India .
Allama Iqbal Medical College ( Urdu:علامہ اقبال میڈیکل کالج لاہور ) , established in 1975 , is a public school of medicine , nursing and allied health sciences located in Lahore , Punjab , Pakistan .
The Philippine National Railways ( Filipino : Pambansang Daambakal ng Pilipinas ) , or PNR , is a state - owned railway company in the Philippines , operating a single line of track on Luzon .
Aspendos or Aspendus ( Greek : Ἄσπενδος ) was an ancient Greco - Roman city in Antalya province of Turkey .
Guspini , Gùspini in sardinian language , is a town and comune of about 13,000 inhabitants in west Sardinia ( Italy ) , in the province of Medio Campidano .
Nydalen Upper Secondary School ( Norwegian : Nydalen videregående skole ) is an under construction upper secondary school that will be located at Nydalen in the borough of Nordre Aker in Oslo , Norway .
The seaside settlement of Karitane is located within the limits of the city of Dunedin in New Zealand , 35 kilometres to the north of the city centre .
Fallbach Waterfall is a waterfall in the Maltatal valley of Austria in the Austrian Alps near Malta .
Mazraeh - ye Sar Avar ( Persian : مزرعه سراور‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Sar Āvar ) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District , Shahmirzad District , Mehdishahr County , Semnan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 97 , in 30 families .
Stadion NŠC Stjepan Spajić is a football stadium located in the in Zagreb , Croatia , in the neighborhood called Siget .
Aswan International Airport ( IATA : ASW , ICAO : HESN ) , also known as Daraw Airport , is an airport located 16 km southwest of Aswan , Egypt .
Lindsay Road National School is a primary school in Glasnevin , Dublin , Ireland , opened in 1910 .
Severomorsk-2 ( also Safonovo-1 ( USSR ) , Murmansk Northeast ( US ) ) is a naval air base in Murmansk Oblast , Russia located 7 km southwest of Severomorsk and just 11 km northeast of Murmansk .
The Battle of Helsingborg ( February 28 , 1710 ) was Denmark 's failed and final attempt to regain the Scanian lands , lost to Sweden in 1658 .
Lallange ( Luxembourgish : Lalleng , German : Lallingen ) is a quarter in northern Esch - sur - Alzette , in south - western Luxembourg , Europe .
Dürnstein is a small town on the Danube river in the Krems - Land district , in the Austrian state of Lower Austria .
Aljazeera University in Deir Ezzor ( JUDE ) ( Arabic : جامعة الجزيرة الخاصة‎ ) , is a private university located in Deir Ezzor , Syria .
The Anel Viário José Magalhães Teixeira ( official designation SP-083 ) is the Campinas Beltway ( in Portuguese : Anel Viário de Campinas ) , a ring of high - speed highways surrounding the city of Campinas , in the state of São Paulo , Brazil .
Sogn is a traditional district in Western Norway ( Vestlandet ) .
Sheopur is a city in Madhya Pradesh state of central India .
Bäckaby Old Church ( Swedish : Bäckaby gamla kyrka ) was a woooden church building in Sweden .
Lebedovo ( also Dolinniye ) was an air base in Russia located 18 km southeast of Privolzsky .
The Uzbek Soviet Socialist Republic ( Uzbek SSR ; Uzbek : Ўзбекистон Совет Социалистик Республикаси , Oʻzbekiston Sovet Sotsialistik Respublikasi ' ; Russian : Узбекская Советская Социалистическая Республика , Uzbekskaya Sovetskaya Sotsialisticheskaya Respublika ) was one of the republics of the Soviet Union .
Picardy ( /ˈpɪkədɪ/ ; French : Picardie , French pronunciation : ​(pi.kaʁ.di ) ) is a historical territory and a former administrative region of France .
Ancaster Senior Public School(commonly known as ASPS ) is a middle school in Ancaster , Ontario , Canada , and is part of the Hamilton - Wentworth District School Board .
The Cerro Negro mine was designed and built by M3 engineering is now one of the largest gold mines in Argentina and in the world .
Gothenburg Concert Hall is a concert hall located in Gothenburg , Sweden , which was built in 1935 .
Kanton Island ( also known as Canton Island or Abariringa Island ) , alternatively known as `` Mary Island '' , `` Mary Balcout 's Island '' or `` Swallow Island '' , is the largest , northernmost , and as of 2007 , the sole inhabited island of the Phoenix Islands , in the Republic of Kiribati .
Carey Baptist College is a Bible and theological college for training in mission , ministry , and formation based in Auckland , New Zealand .
Sibrandabuorren ( Dutch : Sijbrandaburen ) is a village in Boarnsterhim in the province of Friesland , the Netherlands .
The Commons Restaurant is a former restaurant that was located in the historic Newman House on St. Stephen 's Green in Dublin , Ireland .
The 1927 Jericho earthquake was a devastating event that shook Mandatory Palestine and Transjordan on July 11 at 15:08 local time .
Mahendravadi is a village in Arakonam taluk , Tamil Nadu , in far southern India .
Suutarila ( Swedish : Skomakarböle ) is a subdistrict located next to Keravanjoki in a northeastern major district of Helsinki , Finland , near the border to Vantaa It has an area of 4.13 km2 and a population of 11,413 .
Mali Zvornik ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мали Зворник , pronounced ( mâːliː zʋɔ̌rniːk ) ) is a town and municipality located in the Mačva District of Serbia .
Mount Thomlinson is a mountain in the Babine Range of the Skeena Mountains in northern British Columbia , Canada , located at the head of Thomlinson Creek , southeast of the junction of Babine River and Skeena River and north of Hazelton .
Woja Airport ( IATA : WJA ) is a public use airstrip at Woja on Ailinglaplap Atoll , Marshall Islands .
The 2009 Tour Down Under was the 11th edition of the Tour Down Under cycling stage race , taking place over 20 --25 January around Adelaide , Australia .
Kalur Karim ( Persian : كلوركريم‎ , also Romanized as Kalūr Karīm ) is a village in Mishan Rural District , Mahvarmilani District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Oberau Tunnel ( Oberauer Tunnel ) was the second railway tunnel in Germany after a railway tunnel on the Tollwitz - Dürrenberg Railway ( Tollwitz - Dürrenberger Eisenbahn , a 585 mm gauge mining railway ) , but it was the first tunnel of a normal railway on the continent of Europe .
The Ukrainian Air Force ( Ukrainian : Повітряні Сили України , Povitryani Syly Ukrayiny ) is a part of the Armed Forces of Ukraine .
Kisizi or Kisiizi is a community centred on Kisiizi Hospital in the Rukungiri District of south - west Uganda .
Les Landes is an area of coastal heathland in the north west of Jersey .
Bad Deutsch - Altenburg ( Hungarian : Németóvár ) is a market town and spa in the district of Bruck an der Leitha in Lower Austria in Austria .
The Los Cardones National Park ( Spanish : Parque Nacional Los Cardones ) is a national park of Argentina , located in the center - west of the province of Salta , within the San Carlos and Cachi Departments , in the Argentine Northwest .
The Arboretum de Septmonts , also known as the Parc du Donjon de Septmonts , is a park and arboretum located at the Place de la Mairie , Septmonts , Aisne , Picardy , France .
A6 center is a shopping mall in Jönköping , Sweden .
Kralovice ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈkralovɪtsɛ ) ; German : Kralowitz ) is a town in the Pilsen Region of the Czech Republic .
Mikhran ( Persian : ميخران‎ , also Romanized as Mīkhrān ) is a village in Bala Khiyaban - e Litkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Andon Zako Çajupi Theatre is the city theatre of the city of Korçë in southern Albania .
Janewali is a small village near the historically significant town of Chawinda in the Sialkot District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Palagianello is a small town in the province of Taranto in the Apulia region of southeastern Italy .
The Buenos Aires Lawn Tennis Club is a private tennis club located in the Palermo neighborhood of Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Metap , also mit'ap and Meetup and Mit'apdzi and big mit'ap ) is a former Kwakwaka'wakw village at the head of Viner Sound on the northwest coast of Gilford Island in the Queen Charlotte Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia , Canada .
Vișeu de Sus ( Romanian pronunciation : ( viˌʃe.u de ˈsus ) ; German : Oberwischau ; Hungarian : Felsővisó ) is a town in Maramureş County , northern Romania , located at the confluence of the Vişeu and the Vaser .
The Teatro del Giglio ( Theater of the Giglio ) is the historic city theater and opera house located in Piazza del Giglio # 13 and # 15 in the center of Lucca , region of Tuscany , Italy .
Dubona ( Serbian : Дубона ) is a village situated in Mladenovac municipality in Serbia .
Przedwojewo ( pʂɛdvɔˈjɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opinogóra Górna , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
InterVol is an international volunteering charity based in the United Kingdom .
Porto Urucu Airport ( ICAO : SBUY ) is the airport serving the district of Porto Urucu in Coari , Brazil .
Matilla la Seca is a small municipality located in the province of Zamora , Castile and León , Spain .
The Dolman Theatre is located in the city of Newport , Wales , United Kingdom .
Walla Zaman Ya Selahy ( Arabic : والله زمان يا سلاحي‎ ) was the national anthem of the United Arab Republic ( UAR ) , a federation of Egypt and Syria , from 1960 .
Kian Baraftab ( Persian : کيان برآفتاب‎‎ , also Romanized as Kīān Barāftāb ; also known as Kīān - e Soflá ) is a village in Zagheh Rural District , Zagheh District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Zsámbék Premontre monastery church is a ruin of a Romanesque church in the town of Zsámbék , Pest County , Hungary .
Vratno ( pronounced ( ˈwɾaːtnɔ ) ; German : Thörl ) is a settlement in the Žumberak / Gorjanci Hills in the Municipality of Šentjernej in southeastern Slovenia .
Kheybar Rural District ( Persian : دهستان خيبر‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Choghamish District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Firda Upper Secondary School ( Norwegian : Firda vidaregåande skule ) is a school located in the town of Sandane in the municipality of Gloppen in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Paddi Khalsa is a village in the tehsil of Phillaur , sub - tehsil of Goraya , Jalandhar district , in Punjab , India .
The Itz Valley Railway ( German : Itzgrundbahn ) was a former , 8 kilometre long branch line in Bavaria , Germany , running from Creidlitz , in the borough of Coburg , to Rossach in the municipality of Großheirath ) .
Moreira de Cónegos is a Portuguese parish and town in the municipality of Guimarães which is in the Braga District in northern Portugal .
The Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre ( VSSC ; Hindi : विक्रम साराभाई अंतरिक्ष केंद्र ; Malayalam : വിക്രം സാരാഭായ് ബഹിരാകാശകേന്ദ്രം ) is a major space research centre of the Indian Space Research Organisation ( ISRO ) , focusing on rocket and space vehicles for India 's satellite programme .
Ciel Bleu is a restaurant located in the Okura Hotel in Amsterdam in the Netherlands .
Tarikeh - ye Rangrazan ( Persian : تاريكه رنگرزان‎ , also Romanized as Tārīkeh - ye Rangrazān ; also known as Taḩrīkeh ) is a village in Itivand - e Jonubi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Elizabeth Shopping Centre is a large regional shopping centre located in the outer Adelaide suburb of Elizabeth , South Australia The centre is the third biggest in Adelaide , behind Westfield Tea Tree Plaza , and Westfield Marion .
The Column of the Goddess is the popular name given by the citizens of Lille ( France ) to the Memorial of the Siege of 1792 .
Peter 's Alley ( Ukrainian : Петрівська алея , Petrivska aleya ) is a street in central Kyiv , the capital of Ukraine .
Central European Tour Budapest GP is a cycling race in Hungary .
The Baksan Hydroelectric Power Station is a small hydroelectric power station on the Baksan River in Atazhukino , Baksansky District , Kabardino - Balkaria , Russia .
Lungitz is a village in the community of Katsdorf , Perg district of Upper Austria , Austria .
Jingdezhen Luojia Airport ( Chinese : 景德镇罗家机场 ) ( IATA : JDZ , ICAO : ZSJD ) is an airport serving Jingdezhen , a city in the province of Jiangxi in the People 's Republic of China .
The Old Bishop 's Palace in Oslo ( Oslo Bispeborg ) was the residence of the Roman Catholic bishops of Oslo , Norway .
German submarine U-462 was a Type XIV supply and replenishment U - boat ( `` Milchkuh '' ) of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . Her keel was laid down on 2 January 1941 , by Deutsche Werke in Kiel .
Zirab ( Persian : زيرآب‎ , also Romanized as Zīr Āb ) is a city in and capital of Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Bidung Gewog ( Dzongkha : སྦིས་གདུང་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Trashigang District , Bhutan .
Vellan ( Persian : ولان‎ , also Romanized as Vellān and Valān ; also known as Varaj and Waraj ) is a village in Taftan - e Jonubi Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Kiwayu Airport ( IATA : KWY ) is an airport serving Kiwayu ( also spelled Kiwayuu ) , a small island in the eastern part of the Lamu Archipelago off the coast of Kenya .
Topórek ( tɔˈpurɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Driven To Perform ( DTP ) is an auto show billed as Western Canada 's largest and most established automotive lifestyles tour and originally featured mainly import tuner sport compact cars .
Mides is a mountain oasis in Tunisia .
Subiaco AFC is a soccer club based in the city of Subiaco , Western Australia .
Waterdown Dam is an earth - fill type dam ( reservoir ) located on the Klipplaat River near Whittlesea , Eastern Cape , South Africa .
Witkówek ( vitˈkuvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnów , within Legnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Dong Peng is a protected multiple use management area in the Koh Kong Province of Cambodia .
Cutipay River is a river in Valdivia municipality , southern Chile .
Karakelong is the chief island of the Talaud Islands north east of Sulawesi , Indonesia .
Gardens by the Bay is a nature park spanning 101 hectares ( 250 acres ) of reclaimed land in central Singapore , adjacent to the Marina Reservoir .
Madhisho is a city in the northwestern Sanaag region of Somalia .
Dainfern is a golfing estate in Johannesburg , South Africa .
Rocca Busambra is the highest peak in the Monti Sicani , in western Sicily , southern Italy .
Valdgeym ( Russian : Валдгейм ; Yiddish : װאלדהײם‎ , Valdheym ; German : Waldheim ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Birobidzhansky District of the Jewish Autonomous Oblast , Russia .
Shirazi - ye Olya ( Persian : شيرازي عليا‎ , also Romanized as Shīrāzī - ye `` Olyā ; also known as Shīrāzī ) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 37 , in 8 families .
The White Ribbon Campaign is active in over 60 nations across the world including Canada , Australia , Pakistan , Italy and the UK .
The Prahran Market is one of the premier fresh food markets in Melbourne , Australia .
Tanjung Lumpur Highway , or Jalan Abu Bakar , Federal Route 183 , is a major highway in Kuantan , Pahang , Malaysia .
Parkoszów ( parˈkɔʂuf ) ( German : Urbanstreben ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec , within Bolesławiec County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Greater Sudbury Police Service is the police force for the municipality of Greater Sudbury , Ontario , Canada .
Wat Pah Nanachat ( Thai : วัดป่านานาชาติ , International Forest Monastery ) is situated in a small forest in northeast Thailand about 15 kilometres from the city of Ubon Rachathani .
Cambrai Cathedral ( Cathédrale Notre - Dame de Grâce de Cambrai ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral , and a national monument of France , located in Cambrai .
Andimeshk ( Persian : انديمشك‎‎ , also Romanized as Āndīmeshḵ ) is a city in and the capital of Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Punjab Town ( Urdu : پنجاب ٹاؤن ‎ ) is one of the neighbourhoods of Shah Faisal Town in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Sorong Regency ( Indonesian : Kabupaten Sorong ) is a regency of West Papua Province of Indonesia .
Drachhausen ( ( ˈdʁaχˌhaʊzn̩ ) ; Lower Sorbian : Hochoza ) is a municipality in the district of Spree - Neiße , in Brandenburg , Germany .
Pikutkowo ( pikutˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Spas - Zagorye is a village , administrative centre of rural settlements in the municipal area of Maloyaroslavetsky District of the Kaluga region , Russia .
The Personal Public Service Number ( PPS No ) ( Irish : Uimhir Phearsanta Seirbhíse Poiblí , or Uimh . PSP ) is an identifier issued by the Client Identity Services section of the Department of Social Protection , on behalf of the Minister for Social Protection in Ireland .
Marmari ( Greek : Μαρμάρι , Katharevousa : Μαρμάριον ) is a village and a former municipality in Euboea , Greece , in the southeastern end of the island .
Dizaj Diz ( Persian : ديزج ديز‎ , also Romanized as Dīzaj Dīz ; also known as Dizadiz , Dīzaj , Dīzayish , Dīz Jadīz , and Dīzjas ) is a city in Qarah Su Rural District , in the Central District of Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Chastenuel , part of the commune of Jax , is a village in the Haute - Loire département of France .
Ağacanlı ( also , Agadzhanly ) is a village and municipality in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The GP Comune di Cornaredo is an elite women 's professional one - day road bicycle race held in Italy and is currently rated by the UCI as a 1.2 race .
Capua is a city and comune in the province of Caserta , Campania , southern Italy , situated 25 km ( 16 mi ) north of Naples , on the northeastern edge of the Campanian plain .
Szczerków ( ˈʂt͡ʂɛrkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny , within Krotoszyn County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Rüdesheim an der Nahe , or simply Rüdesheim , is an Ortsgemeinde -- a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde , a kind of collective municipality -- in the Bad Kreuznach district in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Tirta Empul temple ( Indonesian : Pura Tirta Empul ) is a Hindu Balinese water temple located near the town of Tampaksiring , Bali , Indonesia .
Kilrossanty ( Irish : Cill Rosanta ) is a small village and parish in County Waterford , Ireland .
Autonomous University of Carmen The Universidad autónoma del Carmen ( UNACAR ) ( Autonomous University of Carmen ) is a University in Mexico .
Telngoh is a sub - clan of Haokip , which is the prominent clan among the Thadou - Kuki of Northeast India and Myanmar .
Gorica pri Raztezu ( pronounced ( ɡɔˈɾiːtsa pɾi ˈɾaːstɛzu ) ) is a settlement west of Brestanica in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
Kapov Han ( Cyrillic : Капов Хан ) is a village in the municipality of Čajniče , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Tomb KV48 is an ancient Egyptian tomb located in the Valley of the Kings in Egypt .
The Universidad José Cecilio del Valle UJCV is the pioneer of the private higher education institutions in Honduras .
Avispa ( or Avispa Music per the URL ) is a record label from Spain specializing in heavy metal ; it is the largest Spanish company specializing in this type of music .
Lousika ( Greek : Λουσικά ) is a village in Achaea , Greece .
Damthang is a town in Paro District in western Bhutan .
The Mangfall Valley Railway ( German : Mangfalltalbahn ) ( KBS 958 ) is a single - tracked , electrified railway that runs through the Mangfall valley in Bavaria , Germany , between Holzkirchen and Rosenheim .
Pandie Pandie Station , most commonly known as Pandie Pandie , also often spelled as Pandi Pandi and Pandy Pandy , is a pastoral lease that operates as a cattle station in north east South Australia .
École Supérieure de Commerce Bretagne Brest ( ESC Bretagne Brest ) , also called The Graduate school of Management of Brittany , France , is a French business School in the city of Brest in northwestern France .
Ciuc County was a county ( Romanian : județ ) in the Kingdom of Romania .
Karabad ( Persian : كر آباد‎ , also Romanized as Karābād and Karrābād ; also known as Garābād and Karrāwa ) is a village in Razab Rural District , in the Central District of Sarvabad County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Karlovica ( German : Karlowitz ) is a settlement southwest of Velike Lašče in central Slovenia .
Tuobuya ( Russian : Туобуя ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Tuobuyinsky Rural Okrug of Verkhnevilyuysky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 250 kilometers ( 160 mi ) from Verkhnevilyuysk , the administrative center of the district .
Col du Grand Cucheron , at an elevation of 1,188 metres ( 3,898 ft ) , is a mountain pass in the Alps in the department of Savoie in France .
St Columb 's Cathedral in the walled city of Derry , Northern Ireland is the mother church of the Church of Ireland Diocese of Derry and Raphoe and the parish church of Templemore .
Anarita ( Greek : Αναρίτα ) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus , located 3 km ( 2 mi ) northeast of Timi .
Kalateh - ye Fathabad - e Sharqi ( Persian : كلاته فتح ابادشرقي‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Fatḩābād - e Sharqī ; also known as Fatḩābād ) is a village in Sudlaneh Rural District , in the Central District of Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Catió is a city in south eastern Guinea - Bissau .
Khari River is a river in Western India in Gujarat whose origin is Near Matana Madh village .
Horns Kungsgård ( `` Horn 's crown demesne '' ) is a nature preserve in the northern part of Öland , Sweden .
Dolnje Dobravice ( pronounced ( ˈdoːlnjɛ dɔˈbɾaːʋitsɛ ) ; German : Dobrawitz ) is a settlement north of Gradac in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Mohammadabad - e Garavand ( Persian : محمدابادگراوند‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammadābād - e Garāvand ; also known as Garāvand ) is a village in Rumeshkhan Rural District , Central District , Rumeshkhan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Lińsk ( liɲsk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śliwice , within Tuchola County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Anatori River is a small river in a remote part of Tasman District in the far northwest of the South Island of New Zealand .
Nu'usafe'e Island is a small uninhabited island in Samoa .
The Serra da Chela is a mountain range in south - central Angola .
Visaginas ( pronunciation ) is the centre of Lithuania 's youngest municipality , located on the north - eastern edge of the country .
Hesaraghatta Lake is a manmade reservoir located 18 km to the north - west of Bengaluru in Karnataka state , India .
Bellevue Beach ( Danish : Bellevue Strand ) , often simply referred to as Bellevue , is a beach at Klampenborg on the northern outskirts of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Sijareh ( Persian : سيجاره‎ , also Romanized as Sījāreh ; also known as Sajāreh ) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Rawsonville is a small wine growing and farming community in the Breede River Valley of the Western Cape province of South Africa .
Mae Rai ( Thai : แม่ไร่ ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mae Chan District , in Chiang Rai Province , Thailand .
The Allgemeines bürgerliches Gesetzbuch ( ABGB ) is the Civil Code of Austria , which was enacted in 1811 after about 40 years of preparatory works .
Mendut is a ninth - century Buddhist temple , located in Mendut village , Mungkid sub - district , Magelang Regency , Central Java , Indonesia .
Yanqaq Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ينقاق‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Galikash County , Golestan Province , Iran .
The Port of Almeria is a busy ferry - port in Almeria , Spain .
Volosko ( Italian : Volosco , Volosca ) is a part of the city of Opatija , located in the Kvarner Gulf in western Croatia .
Manukau Railway Station is located at the heart of the campus of the Manukau Institute of Technology in Manukau , a suburb of Auckland , New Zealand ( formerly Manukau City ) .
Oostvoorne was since before World War II the only location in the Netherlands were automobiles were permitted on the beach .
Pakhtakor , Sughd is a town and jamoat in north - west Tajikistan .
Kosambi ( Pali ) was an important city in ancient India .
The Ravenna Gorge ( German : Ravennaschlucht ) is a gorge in the Black Forest in southwest Germany .
Giurgiulești is a commune in the Cahul district of Moldova .
Under German occupation , the Cimade continued its operations , working with refugees , many of whom were Jewish , who , having fled from Germany and other war affected European countries , were interned in Southern France .
Batote is a town and a notified area committee in Ramban district of the Jammu & Kashmir state in India .
Putnok is a town in Borsod - Abaúj - Zemplén county , Northern Hungary .
The Jochstock ( 2,564 m ) is a summit of the Urner Alps , located near Engelberg in Central Switzerland .
Kal Gechi ( Persian : كل گچي‎ , also Romanized as Kal Gechī and Kal Gachī ; also known as Gol Gachī ) is a village in Milas Rural District , in the Central District of Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Marano lagoon is a huge lagoon in northeastern Italy .
Parroquia Nuestra Señora de Andacollo , Santiago is Catholic parish in Santiago , Chile dedicated to Our Lady of Andacollo .
Arroyo de Piedra is a pre - Columbian Maya archaeological site in Guatemala located approximately 2 - 3 km east / northeast of Dos Pilas and 3 km west of Tamarindito .
Gammelin is a municipality in the administrative Ludwigslust - Parchim district , in Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
Philtech Institute of Arts and Technology Inc. ( PIAT or Philtech ) is a technical institution in Lucena , Gumaca , and Catanauan in the province of Quezon , Philippines .
Landskrona Citadel ( Swedish : Citadellet or Landskrona slott ) is situated in Landskrona , Scania , southern Sweden .
Chittaranjan Park Kali Mandir ( Chittaranjan Park Kali Bari ) is a temple complex and Bengali community cultural center in Chittaranjan Park in New Delhi , India .
Marywil was built some time between 1692 and 1697 by Maria Kazimiera , the Queen of Poland , to commemorate the victory of her husband , King John III of Poland over the Turks in the Battle of Vienna .
Ashareh Beyt - e Yabareh ( Persian : عشاره بيت يباره‎ , also Romanized as ʿAshāreh Beyt - e Yabāreh ; also known as Beyt - e Yabāreh ) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District , Shavur District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Canal de Navarrés is a comarca in the province of Valencia , Valencian Community , Spain .
Guadahortuna is a municipality of the province of Granada , in the autonomous community of Andalusia , Spain .
Klance ( pronounced ( ˈklaːntsɛ ) ) is a small village northwest of Dane in the Municipality of Loška Dolina in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Ulsan Japanese Castle ( 울산왜성 , 蔚山倭城 ) is a Japanese style castle in Ulsan , South Korea which was constructed during the Japanese invasions of Korea ( Imjin war ) by Kato Kiyomasa 's army .
Besh Evili ( Persian : بش اويلي‎ , also Romanized as Besh Evīlī ; also known as Besh Evlī ) is a village in Qaravolan Rural District , Loveh District , Galikash County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Nord - Vågsøy Church ( Norwegian : Nord - Vågsøy kyrkje ) is a parish church in Vågsøy Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Taman Tuanku Jaafar is a major township in Negeri Sembilan , Malaysia .
In addition to publishing these newspapers , JP / Politikens Hus ' businesses also include book publishing , printing , local newspapers in Denmark and Sweden , as well as a number of multi - media concerns .
Benue - Plateau State is a former administrative division of Nigeria .
Muslim Mujahid Colony ( Urdu : مسلم مجاہد کالونی ‎ ) is one of the neighborhoods of Baldia Town in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
The 2014 Iquique earthquake struck off the coast of Chile on 1 April , with a moment magnitude of 8.2 , at 20:46 local time ( 23:46 UTC ) .
Shou County or Shouxian ( simplified Chinese : 寿县 ; traditional Chinese : 壽縣 ; pinyin : Shòu Xiàn ) is a county in Anhui Province , People 's Republic of China , under the jurisdiction of Huainan City .
Sulitjelmaisen ( Lule Sami : Sállajiegŋa ) is one of the largest glaciers in mainland Norway .
Kotredež ( pronounced ( kɔˈtɾeːdɛʃ ) ; German : Kotredesch ) is a settlement north of Zagorje ob Savi in central Slovenia .
Bykovo Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт Быково ) ( IATA : BKA , ICAO : UUBB ) was a small regional airport serving Moscow , Russia .
Itanhandu is a city in the south of Minas Gerais , Brazil with a population of 12,196 and a total area of 143,9 km² .
Club Social y Deportivo Municipal , also known as Municipal or Los Rojos ( the Reds ) , is a Guatemalan football club based in Guatemala City .
Boris Alexandrov Sports Palace ( Kazakh : Борис Александров атындағы спорт сарайы , Russian : Дворец спорта имени Бориса Александрова ) is an ice hockey indoor arena in Oskemen , Kazakhstan .
Ilford , Manitoba is an Indian settlement in northern Manitoba , Canada .
Sulphur Mountain Cosmic Ray Station , a National Historic Site of Canada found atop Sulphur Mountain in Banff National Park , commemorates Canada 's participation in the International Geophysical Year , during 1957 to 1958 .
The Shire of West Wimmera is a local government area in the western part of the Wimmera region of Victoria , Australia , located in the western part of the state .
Artsvanist ( Armenian : Արծվանիստ ; until 1968 , Nerkin Aluchalu , Alichali , and Russified as Nizhniy Aluchalu ) is a village located south of Lake Sevan in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia .
The Dârjiu fortified church ( Romanian : Biserica fortificată din Dârjiu ; Hungarian : Székelyderzsi erődtemplom ) is a Unitarian fortified church in Dârjiu ( Székelyderzs ) , Harghita County , in the Transylvania region of Romania .
Cedillo ( Casalinho in Portuguese ) is a town and municipality in Spain , located in the province of Cáceres , community of Extremadura .
Dervenakia ( Greek : Δερβενάκια ) is a small village in Corinthia , in northeastern Peloponnese ( southern Greece ) .
Bellegarde - en - Diois ( Occitan : Bèlagarda ) is a commune in the Drôme department in southeastern France .
The Feuersteinklippe is a rock formation in the Harz National Park in central Germany and the landmark of the nearby village of Schierke .
Sakrand ( Sindhi : سڪرنڊ‎ ) is a town in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
The Fur Trade at Lachine National Historic Site ( Lieu historique national de la Commerce - de - la - Fourrure - à - Lachine ) is a historic building located in the borough of Lachine in Montreal , Quebec , Canada , at the western end of the Lachine Canal .
The Wienerwaldsee ( English : Vienna Forest Lake ) is a shallow reservoir , located 20 kilometres west of Vienna , Austria .
Kyren Airport is a civilian airport 1 km southeast of Kyren in Russia .
Filadelfia is the capital of Boquerón Department in the Gran Chaco of western Paraguay .
Petit Wasmes is a village near Wasmes in the municipality of Colfontaine in Belgium .
Trialeti Range ( Georgian : თრიალეთის ქედი ) is an east - west mountain range of the Lesser Caucasus Mountains in the central part of Georgia .
The Nam Ou ( Laotian : ນ້ຳອູ ( nâːm ùː ) , literally : `` rice bowl river '' ) is one of the most important rivers of Laos .
Bilal Town is a wealthy northeastern suburb of Abbottabad , Pakistan .
Ryaverket is a large sewage treatment plant in Gothenburg , Sweden .
Västerås Cathedral ( Swedish : Västerås domkyrka ) is the seat of the Diocese of Västerås in the Province of Västmanland , Sweden .
Flatkvål /fla : kol/ is a village in the Eksingedalen valley in Vaksdal municipality , Hordaland county , Norway .
The Nitobe Memorial Garden is a 2½ acre ( one hectare ) traditional Japanese garden located at the University of British Columbia , just outside the city limits of Vancouver , Canada .
Maniyawan is a place in the Jehanabad district in Bihar state of India .
India census , Keerikkad ( Village ) had a population of 10003 with 4662 males and 5341 females .
The Table Bay Nature Reserve is an 880-hectare ( 2,200-acre ) nature reserve in Milnerton , Cape Town , South Africa .
The Port of A Coruña is a port in A Coruña , Spain , on the Atlantic Ocean .
Tworylne ( tfɔˈrɨlnɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Творильне , Tvoryl’ne ) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna , within Bieszczady County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Nykøbing Falster is the largest city on the islands of Lolland and Falster , and is often called `` Nykøbing F. '' to distinguish it from at least two other cities in Denmark with the name of Nykøbing .
The Na Hang Dam ( also known as Tuyên Quang Dam ) is a hydroelectric dam on the Gâm River near Pác Tạ Mountain in Tuyên Quang Province , Vietnam .
The Sevilla Tower ( Spanish : Torre Sevilla ) is an office skyscraper under construction in Seville , Spain , that is being built under the masterplan of Puerto Triana .
Beechwood Avenue ( Ottawa Road # 44 ) is a major east - west road in Ottawa , Canada .
Peleș Castle ( Romanian : Castelul Peleș pronounced ( kasˈtelul ˈpeleʃ ) ) is a Neo - Renaissance castle in the Carpathian Mountains , near Sinaia , in Prahova County , Romania , on an existing medieval route linking Transylvania and Wallachia , built between 1873 and 1914 .
Kumbharia or Kumbhariya is village in Anjar Taluka of Kutch District of Gujarat State of India .
Dağpınar is a belde ( town ) in Digor district of Kars Province , Turkey at 40 ° 28′N 43 ° 19′E. It is situated on a high plateau between Kars and Digor .
The Ponte di Pioraco is a Roman bridge in Pioraco , central Italy , presumably erected under emperor Augustus ( r. 30 BC--14 AD ) .
Antibes ( /ɒnˈtiːb/ , French : ( ɑ̃.tib ) ; Provençal Occitan : Antíbol ) is a Mediterranean resort in the Alpes - Maritimes department of southeastern France , on the Côte d'Azur between Cannes and Nice .
Sorkheban - e Sofla ( Persian : سرخ بان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Sorkhebān - e Soflá ) is a village in Sharvineh Rural District , Kalashi District , Javanrud County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Mahakan ( Persian : ماهكان‎ , also Romanized as Māhakān , Māhagān , Māhegān , Maheh Kan , Mahīkān , and Mahkan ) is a village in Naharjan Rural District , Mud District , Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Kynance Cove ( Cornish : Porth Keynans , meaning ravine cove ) is a cove on the eastern side of Mount 's Bay , Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Santibáñez de Tera ( Spanish pronunciation : ( santiˈβaɲeθ ðe ˈteɾa ) ) is a municipality located in the province of Zamora , Castile and León , Spain .
Agar Panchaitan is a town located in the state of Maharashtra , on the west coast of India .
Pawłowo - Wybudowanie ( paˈvwɔvɔ vɨbudɔˈvaɲe ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Oddesund North station is a railway station serving the small settlement of Oddesund on the Thyholm Peninsula in Thy , Denmark .
Gliwicki Klub Sportowy Piast Gliwice ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈpʲast ɡliˈvit͡sɛ ) ) is a Polish football club based in Gliwice , Poland .
Słubice ( swuˈbʲit͡sɛ ) ( German Dammvorstadt ) is a border town in the Lubusz Voivodeship of western Poland .
Moruya Airport ( IATA : MYA , ICAO : YMRY ) is an airport located 3.5 NM ( 6.5 km ; 4.0 mi ) northeast of Moruya , New South Wales , Australia .
Vatnsstígur 16 - 18 is a residential tower located in downtown Reykjavík , Iceland .
Sicamous is a District in British Columbia located adjacent to the Trans - Canada Highway at the Highway 97A junction , where Mara Lake empties into Shuswap Lake via a short narrows .
Helsinki University Library is the largest multidisciplinary university library in Finland .
Kandi II is an arrondissement of the Alibori Department of northeastern Benin .
Hofsá river , in Vopnafjörður fjord , Iceland , is one of Iceland 's most productive salmon rivers .
CHYZ - FM is the college radio station for Université Laval , located in Sainte - Foy , Québec , Canada .
Ki Geh ( Persian : كي گه‎ , also Romanized as Kī Geh ) is a village in Sardasht Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
SMA Negeri 13 Bekasi ( also known as Sekolah Menengah Atas Negeri 13 Bekasi ) is a public senior high school in Bekasi , West Java , Indonesia .
The Arboretum des Grands Murcins ( 3 hectares ) is a private arboretum located near Arcon , Loire , Rhône - Alpes , France .
Scharnitz Abbey ( German : Kloster Scharnitz ) was a Benedictine monastery in Mittenwald in Bavaria , Germany .
Chap va Rast ( Persian : چپوراست‎ , also Romanized as Chap va Rāst ; also known as Chap Rāst ) is a village in Abanar Rural District , Kalat District , Abdanan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Podlanišče ( pronounced ( pɔdlaˈniːʃtsɛ ) ; German : Podlanischam ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills southeast of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia .
Bani - ye Shib ( Persian : باني شيب‎ , also Romanized as Bānī - ye Shīb ; also known as Bān - e Shīb ) is a village in Sarbuk Rural District , Sarbuk District , Qasr - e Qand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Huanuara District is one of six districts of the Candarave Province in the Tacna Region in Peru .
Kafr Latah ( Arabic : كفرلاته‎ , also spelled Kafar Latha or Kfarlatha ) is a village in northern Syria , administratively part of the Idlib Governorate , located south of Idlib .
Delowo ( dɛˈlɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Limón Dam , part of the Olmos Transandino Project , is an under construction multi - purpose concrete - face rock - fill embankment dam on the Huancabamba River in northwestern Peru , located to the south of Guabal .
Lambussie is a small town and is the capital of Lambussie Karni district , a district in the Upper West Region of north Ghana .
Tando Jam ( Sindhi : ٽنڊوڄام ) is a town and Union Council of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
Gierle is a village of about 4,200 inhabitants in the province of Antwerp in Flanders , Belgium .
RKS Radomsko is a small football club based in the city of Radomsko , in the south of Poland .
Escobar de Campos ( Spanish pronunciation : ( eskoˈβar ðe ˈkampos ) ) is a municipality located in the province of León , Castile and León , Spain .
Kalopsida ( Greek : Καλοψίδα ; Turkish : Çayönü ) is a village in the Famagusta District of Cyprus , 8 kilometres ( 5.0 mi ) east of Lysi .
Momignies is notable for encompassing the only area in Belgium which is not drained into the North Sea .
Việt Bắc ( Northern Vietnam ) is a region of Vietnam north of Hanoi that served as the Viet Minh 's base of support during the First Indochina War ( 1946 - -1954 ) .
Arielli is a comune and town in the province of Chieti in the Abruzzo region of central - southern Italy .
Solikamsk ( Russian : Солика́мск ) is a town in Perm Krai , Russia .
Preus Museum is the national museum for photography located in Horten , Norway .
The Mathematical Research Institute of Oberwolfach ( German : Mathematisches Forschungsinstitut Oberwolfach ) in Oberwolfach , Germany , was founded by mathematician Wilhelm Süss in 1944 .
The Olango Island Group is a group of islands found in the Central Visayas region of the Philippines and is a part of Cebu Province .
By asset size , Vancity is the largest community credit union in Canada , with $ 18.6 billion in assets , 58 branches and more than 509,000 members .
The Reform Party of New York State ( also known as the New York State Reform Party ) was the name of two unrelated political parties in the state of New York : a qualified party active only in New York State , and the New York branch of the Reform Party of the United States of America .
Mirandeh ( Persian : ميرونده‎ , also Romanized as Mīrāndeh and Mīrondeh ) is a village in Khomeh Rural District , in the Central District of Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Akosombo Dam , also known as the Akosombo Hydroelectric Project , is a hydroelectric dam on the Volta River in southeastern Ghana in the Akosombo gorge and part of the Volta River Authority .
The Tshuapa River is a river in the Democratic Republic of the Congo , about 1000 km long .
The Obelisk of Axum ( Amharic : የአክሱም ሐውልት ? ) is a 1,700-year - old , 24-metre - tall ( 79-foot ) granite stele / obelisk , weighing 160 tonnes , in the city of Axum in Ethiopia .
Zmutt ( also spelled Z'mutt , Z'Mutt , Z - Mutt ) is a small village in the municipality of Zermatt , Valais , Switzerland , situated at 1936 m in the Zmutt Valley ( Zmuttal ) west of Zermatt .
The Ashton Memorial stands coincidentally close to the mathematical centre point of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , excluding the Isle of Man .
VOA - PNN ( Abbreviation of Voice of America - Persian News Network ) is a governmental international broadcaster of the United States of America in Persian language .
Sisimiut Hydro Power Plant is a hydroelectric power plant near Sisimiut , Greenland .
Kokhanovo Settlement Council ( Russian : Кохановский Поселковый совет ) is a lowest - level administrative subdivision of Talachyn Raion , Vitsebsk Voblast , Belarus .
Vištytis ( Yiddish : ווישטינעץ , Vishtinets , Polish : Wisztyniec ) is a town in southern Lithuania on Lake Vištytis , Marijampolė district .
Our Lady of Liberation is a church built in an old fort located at nearly 500 meters of altitude , near the hamlet of Chapelle des Buis on the outskirts of the city of Besançon in the department of Doubs in Eastern France .
Kunë Island ( Albanian : Ishulli i Kunës ) is an island located off the coast of Albania in the Adriatic Sea .
Shipitsyno ( Russian : Шипицыно ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Kotlassky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast , Russia , located on the left bank of the Northern Dvina River 7 kilometers ( 4.3 mi ) from Kotlas .
Chrysovitsi ( Greek : Χρυσοβίτσι ) is a mountain village and a community in the municipal unit of Falanthos , Arcadia , Greece .
Kamala Niketan Montessori School , or KNMS , is a comprehensive school in Tiruchchirapalli , India .
Dudovica ( Serbian : Дудовица ) is a village in Lazarevac municipality in the Belgrade District of Serbia .
Warbstow ( Cornish : Lannwarburgh ) is a village and civil parish in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Yangiariq ( Uzbek : Yangiariq , Russian : Янгиарык ) is a village and seat of Yangiariq District in Xorazm Region in Uzbekistan .
Jalan Kemajuan Subang is an avenue in Subang Jaya , Selangor , Malaysia .
Phulambri is a town and a tehsil in Aurangabad district in the state of Maharashtra , India .
Aldeia do Mato is a former civil parish , located in the municipality of Abrantes , in Santarém District , Portugal .
Kampar River on the island of Sumatra in Indonesia originates in the mountainous Bukit Barisan of West Sumatra , and empties into the Malacca Strait on the island 's eastern coast .
Ukšići ( Serbian Cyrillic : Укшићи ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Kordkanlu ( Persian : كردكانلو‎ , also Romanized as Kordkānlū ) is a village in Shirin Darreh Rural District , in the Central District of Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Gasmata is a village on the southern coast of New Britain , Papua New Guinea located at 6 ° 16 ' 60S 150 ° 19 ' 60E.
Pirgol ( Persian : پيرگل‎ , also Romanized as Pīrgol ) is a village in Anzal - e Jonubi Rural District , Anzal District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Lozoyuela - Navas - Sieteiglesias ( Spanish pronunciation : ( loθoˈʝwela ˈnaβas sjeteiˈɣlesjas ) ) is a municipality of the Community of Madrid , Spain .
Saltfjorden or Saltenfjorden is a fjord in the municipalities of Bodø and Gildeskål in Nordland county , Norway .
Alpine skiing at the 1968 Winter Olympics consisted of six events , held 9 - -17 February at Chamrousse , southeast of Grenoble , France .
The Kubitzer Bodden is a type of lagoon known as a bodden on the Baltic Sea coast in the southwestern area of the island of Rügen in Germany .
Piskajny ( pisˈkai̯nɨ ) ( German : Peiskam ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godkowo , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
On April 3 , 2013 , the Grozny - City Towers Facade Clocks in Grozny , Chechnya , Russia caught fire and one side of the 40-story building was engulfed in flames , which burned for approximately 8 hours .
Arlon ( French pronunciation : ​(aʁlɔ̃ ) ; Luxembourgish : Arel ; Dutch : Aarlen , pronounced ( ˈaːrlə(n ) ) ; German : Arel ; Walloon : Årlon ) is a Walloon municipality of Belgium located in and capital of the province of Luxembourg .
Ta ' Dmejrek is the highest point of Malta , located on the Dingli Cliffs , with an elevation of 253 metres ( 830 ft ) .
Mar Mord ( Persian : مارمرد‎ , also Romanized as Mār Mord and Mār Mard ) is a village in Khatunabad Rural District , in the Central District of Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Żuromin County ( Polish : powiat żuromiński ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Masovian Voivodeship , east - central Poland .
Skauthøi is a mountain of Oppland , in southern Norway .
Borul ( Persian : برول‎ , also Romanized as Borūl ; also known as Borūl - e Bālā ) is a village in Seydun - e Shomali Rural District , Seydun District , Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Zhovtnevyi Rudnyk coal mine is a large coal mine located in the southeast of Ukraine in Donetsk Oblast .
Kleinbettingen railway station ( Luxembourgish : Gare Klengbetten , French : Gare de Kleinbettingen , German : Bahnhof Kleinbettingen ) is a railway station serving Kleinbettingen , in the commune of Steinfort , in western Luxembourg .
A class action lawsuit , Tillie Hardwick v. United States of America , was won in 1983 by 17 Rancherias including Blue Lake Rancheria ; the federal government was ordered to reinstate federal recognition for all the plaintiffs .
Houlgate ( pronounced : ( ulɡat ) ) is a small tourist resort in northwestern France along the English Channel with a beach and a casino .
Brave Mountain is a steep mountain , located less than 3 km ( 2 mi ) southwest of Bishop 's Mitre in northern Labrador , Canada .
Kadmat Island ( Malayalam : കടമത്ത് ) , also known as Cardamom Island , is an island belonging to the Amindivi subgroup of islands of the Lakshadweep archipelago in India .
Residency Road ( Malayalam : റെസിഡന്‍സി റോഡ്‌ ) is one of the major city roads in city of Kollam , India .
Randsfjorden is Norway 's fourth largest lake with an area of 138 km2 ( 53 sq mi ) .
Vatadra ( Vatadara ) is one of the larger villages of Cambay county ( Khambhat Taluka or subdistrict ) of Anand district in Gujarat state ( India ) .
The Monastic Community of Enonkoski is the only Evangelical Lutheran monastery in Finland .
Bet Dwarka or Shankhodhar is an inhabited island at mouth of Gulf of Kutch situated 3 km ( 2 mi ) off the coast of Okha , Gujarat , India .
The T - Link ( Norwegian : T - forbindelsen ) is a road / bridge / tunnel project in Rogaland , Norway which took four years to build .
Unorganized North East Parry Sound District is an unorganized area in Parry Sound District in Central Ontario , Canada .
Lukačevci ( Hungarian : Lukácsfa ) is a village in the Municipality of Moravske Toplice in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia .
Nea Propontida ( Greek : Νέα Προποντίδα , `` New Propontis '' ) is a municipality in the Chalkidiki regional unit , Central Macedonia , Greece .
Maskwacis Cultural College ( MCC ) is a Private Post - Secondary Institution within the Four Nations of Maskwacis , Alberta , Canada .
Chernivtsi Philharmonic Hall ( from Ukrainian , literally : Chernivtsi Regional Philharmonic - Чернівецька обласна філармонія)is part of the network of state philharmonic halls in Ukraine located in the central part of Chernivtsi , Ukraine .
Abha ( Arabic : أبها‎ Abhā ) is the capital of Asir province in Saudi Arabia .
The Trial Islands Ecological Reserve is a nature reserve on the Trial Islands in the British Columbia province of Canada just off the southern tip of Oak Bay in the Strait of Juan de Fuca .
The Sultan Mountains ( Turkish : Sultandağ ) , also known as Sultan Dagh range or Sultan Dag , is a short mountain range on the western edge of the Anatolian Plateau , Turkey with highest elevation of 1,980 m ( 6,500 ft ) .
The League of Communist Struggle & Propaganda Clubs ( Dutch : Bond van Kommunistische Strijd- en Propagandaclubs , or BKSP ) was a communist organization in the Netherlands .
The Fernhill Branch is a railway line in Otago , New Zealand .
Baesweiler ( German pronunciation : ( ˈbaːsvaɪlɐ ) ) is a municipality in the district of Aachen , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Sir Jonathan North Community College is an all - girls school in Leicester , United Kingdom for girls between the ages of 11 - 16 and was founded in 1904 by Rev. David Field , a wealthy land owner from Wigston .
The Trevallyn Power Station is a run - of - the - river hydroelectric power station located in the northern Midlands region of Tasmania , Australia .
Vyanda is a town and seat of the Commune of Vyanda in Bururi Province in southern Burundi .
Imouzzer Ida Ou Tanane ( Arabic : إيموزار إيدا وتنان‎ ) is a small town and rural commune in Agadir - Ida Ou Tanane Prefecture of the Souss - Massa - Drâa region of Morocco .
The Holländerturm ( Dutch tower ) is a former defensive tower in the old city of Bern in Switzerland .
Chernyakhovsk ( Russian : Черняхо́вск ) ; prior to 1946 known by its German name Insterburg ( Lithuanian : Įsrutis ; Polish : Wystruć ) is a town and the administrative center of Chernyakhovsky District in Kaliningrad Oblast , Russia , located at the confluence of the Instruch and Angrapa Rivers , forming the Pregolya .
Mulhuddart ( Irish : Mullach Eadrad , meaning `` the hill of the milking place '' ) is a suburb situated to the north - west of Dublin city , Ireland .
Commune of Buganda is a commune of Cibitoke Province in north - western Burundi .
Isla Picton Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Isla Picton , ICAO : SCPO ) is a public use airport located 3 kilometres ( 2 mi ) north of Quinta de Tilcoco , Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins , Chile .
Ohrdruf Priory or Karmel St. Elija , Ohrdruf , is a Carmelite monastery at Ohrdruf in Thuringia , Germany .
The North Coast Steam Navigation Company was a shipping company that operated in Australia , formed as the Grafton Steam Navigation Company in 1855 .
Levtsi ( Bulgarian : Левци ) is a village in Ardino Municipality , Kardzhali Province , southern - central Bulgaria .
Hoseynabad - e Zand ( Persian : حسين ابادزند‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Zand ; also known as Ḩoseynābād ) is a village in Jafarabad Rural District , Jafarabad District , Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
Gunnar Nu Hansens Plads is a public space in the Østerbro district of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Ærøskøbing Municipality is a former municipality ( Danish , kommune ) in Funen County on the island of Ærø in southern Denmark .
Lahoysk ( Belarusian : Лагойск , pronounced ( lʌˈɣɔɪsk ) ; Russian : Логойск , Logoysk ) is a city in the Minsk Region of Belarus and the administrative center of the Lahoysk Raion .
The Vajont Dam ( or Vaiont Dam ) is a disused dam , completed in 1959 in the valley of the Vajont River under Monte Toc , in the municipality of Erto and Casso , 100 km ( 60 miles ) north of Venice , Italy .
Godin Tepe is an archaeological site in western Iran , situated in the valley of Kangavar in Kermanshah Province .
Chunghwa Station is a passenger railway station located in Chunghwa - ŭp , Chunghwa County , a suburban county of P'yŏngyang , North Korea .
Fathom Five National Marine Park is a National Marine Conservation Area in the Georgian Bay part of Lake Huron , Ontario , Canada , that seeks to protect and display shipwrecks and lighthouses , and conserve freshwater ecosystems .
Maracay ( Spanish pronunciation : ( maɾaˈkai̯ ) ) is a city in north - central Venezuela , near the Caribbean coast , and is the capital and most important city of the state of Aragua .
Nowe ( ˈnɔvɛ ) ( German : Neuenburg in Westpreußen ) is a town in Świecie County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , Poland , with 6,270 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
The Denmark Open has been held in Arena Fyn since 2007 .
The Pulau River ( Indonesian : Sungai Pulau , Dutch : Eilandenrivier ) is a river of West Papua and Papua New Guinea .
Ontario Science Centre ( French : Centre des sciences de l'Ontario ) is a science museum in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , near the Don Valley Parkway about 11 kilometres ( 6.8 mi ) northeast of downtown on Don Mills Road just south of Eglinton Avenue East .
São Tomé de Meliapore was a province of Portuguese India which existed from 1523 to 1749 .
The Flinders Ranges Way ( route B83 ) is the main road route through the Flinders Ranges in South Australia .
Now Gurab ( Persian : نوگوراب‎ , also Romanized as Now Gūrāb and Nau Gurāb ; also known as Nukurab ) is a village in Gasht Rural District , in the Central District of Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Ambassador of Mexico to the United States is the highest ranking diplomatic representative of the United Mexican States to the United States of America .
Perm State University ( Russian : Пермский государственный университет , romanised : Permskiy gosudarstvennyy universitet ) or PSU ( Russian : ПГУ , romanised : PGU ) is located in the city of Perm , Perm Krai , Russia .
Kolimagi ( kɔliˈmaɡi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno , within Kolno County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Kunduz Airport ( IATA : UND , ICAO : OAUZ ) is an airport located 5 miles ( 8 km ) south - southeast of Kunduz ( also spelled Konduz ) , a city in Kunduz Province in Afghanistan .
Hormozgan Province ( Persian : استان هرمزگان‎‎ , Ostān - e Hormozgān ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran .
African Safari World was a proposed amusement park and zoo , to replace the Werribee Open Range Zoo , 32 kilometres ( 20 mi ) southwest of Melbourne , Australia .
The Sauer ( German , Luxembourgish ) or Sûre ( French ) is a river in Belgium , Luxembourg and Germany .
Barysiai is a village ( Lithuanian : kaimas ) in the eldership or neighborhood of Gataučiai , in the Joniškis district municipality in Šiauliai County , Lithuania .
Helnes Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Helnes fyr ) is a coastal lighthouse located on the northeastern coast of the island of Magerøya in Nordkapp Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Rangsang is an island of the Riau Archipelago in the Strait of Malacca , Sumatra , Indonesia .
Paghaghbyur ( Armenian : Պաղաղբյուր ; formerly , Sovugbulakh and Sovukbulagh - meaning `` cold spring '' ) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia .
Confluence World School is a co - educational private school in Rudrapur , Uttarakhand , India .
Wartkowo ( vartˈkɔvɔ ) ( German : Wartekow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gościno , within Kołobrzeg County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Forum of Augustus is one of the Imperial forums of Rome , Italy , built by Augustus .
The Wiltz International Scout Centre is situated in Wiltz , in northwestern Luxembourg .
Berestivka ( Ukrainian : Берестівка ) is a village in Ukraine .
Avdon ( Hebrew : עַבְדּוֹן ) is a moshav in northern Israel .
Balawat ( Syriac : ܒܝܬ ܠܒܬ‎ , beṯ labat ) is an archaeological site and modern village in Nineveh Province ( Iraq ) .
Arabakonak ( Bulgarian : Арабаконак ) or Botevgrad Pass is a mountain pass through the Balkan Mountains connecting Sofia with Botevgrad and Northern Bulgaria .
Chunggang County is a kun , or county , in northern Chagang province , North Korea .
Kobe Chinatown ( Nankin - machi `` Nanjing town '' ) ( Japanese : 南京町 ; Simplified Chinese : 南京町 ) in Kobe , Japan is one of only three designated Chinatowns in Japan .
Pečeňany ( Hungarian : Bánpecsenyéd ) is a village and municipality in Bánovce nad Bebravou District in the Trenčín Region of north - western Slovakia .
Bollikunta is neighbourhood of Warangal , in the state of Telangana in India .
Kato Kleines ( Greek : Κάτω Κλεινές , Bulgarian and Macedonian Slavic : Долно Клештино , Dolno Kleštino ) is a village and a former municipality in Florina regional unit , West Macedonia , Greece .
Tarujani ( Aymara taruja deer , -ni a suffix to indicate ownership , `` the one with the deer '' , hispanicized spelling Tarucani ) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,000 metres ( 16,404 ft ) high .
Haldur is a village in Bagalkot District ( Badami Taluka ) Karnataka State of India .
Albuixech ( Valencian pronunciation : ( aɫβujˈʃek ) , modern Valencian spelling : Albuixec , Spanish : Albuixech ) is a municipality in the comarca of Horta Nord in the Valencian Community , Spain .
The Mail and Empire was formed from the 1895 merger of The Toronto Mail and Toronto Empire newspapers , both conservative newspapers in Toronto , Canada .
Maha Chesadabodindranusorn Bridge ( Thai : สะพานมหาเจษฎาบดินทรานุสรณ์ , rtgs : Saphan Mahachetsadabodinthranuson , pronounced ( sa.pʰāːn ma.hǎː.t͡ɕèːt.sa.dāː.bɔ̄(ː).dīn.tʰrāː.nú.sɔ̌ːn ) ) is a bridge in area of Mueang Nonthaburi District in Nonthaburi Province , Thailand , over the Chao Phraya River .
Aviano ( Friulian : Avian ) , ( Davian in Friulian language , Pleif in local dialect ) is an Italian village , comune , of 9,270 inhabitants in the province of Pordenone at the foot of the Dolomites mountain range in Friuli - Venezia Giulia , northern Italy .
The Neue Wache ( English : New Guardhouse ) is a building in Berlin , now the capital of Germany , and formerly of the Kingdom of Prussia , and the DDR .
Məlikkənd ( also , Melikkend ) is a village and municipality in the Goychay Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Sveti Primož na Pohorju ( pronounced ( ˈsʋeːti ˈpɾiːmɔʃ na ˈpoːxɔɾju ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Vuzenica in northern Slovenia .
Laboot is a settlement in Kenya 's Bungoma County .
Vərməziyar ( also , Vermaziyar ) is a village and municipality in the Sharur Rayon of Nakhchivan , Azerbaijan .
Wola Radziszowska ( ˈvɔla rad͡ʑiˈʂɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skawina , within Kraków County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Fort Saint Rocco ( Maltese : Forti Santu Rokku ) , also known as Fort Saint Roca on some maps , is a polygonal fort in Kalkara , Malta .
Dongeradeel ( pronunciation , West Frisian : Dongeradiel ) is a municipality in the northern Netherlands .
Hajjali ( Persian : خاجالي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjālī ) is a village in Chamsangar Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The 2010 Canadian Grand Prix ( formally the XLVI Grand Prix du Canada ) was the eighth round of the 2010 Formula One season .
Divageh - ye Palan ( Persian : ديوگه پالان‎ , also Romanized as Dīvageh - ye Pālān ) is a village in Dasht - e Hor Rural District , in the Central District of Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Geelvink Channel is a feature to the east of the Houtman Abrolhos in the Indian Ocean off the coast of Western Australia , that lies between the Abrolhos and the port of Geraldton .
The Golden Dogs are a pop - rock band based in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
St. Karen 's High School is a private Christian high school located in Patna , Bihar , India .
Arakkonam is one of the hottest towns in India , where the temperature can exceed 43 ° C ( 110 ° F ) for several peak days in the summer .
Hungaroton was the one and only record and music publisher company in Hungary for about 40 years .
Sungei Punggol ( Malay for Punggol River ; Chinese : 榜鵝河 ; Pinyin : Bǎng'é Hé ) is a river located within the North - East Region in Singapore .
Quebrada de Cardones Natural Monument is a natural monument located in the Arica y Parinacota Region , Chile .
The University of Turin ( Italian : Università degli Studi di Torino , or often abbreviated to UNITO ) is a university in the city of Turin in the Piedmont region of north - western Italy .
The village of Reykjahlíð has approximately 300 inhabitants and is situated on the shores of Lake Mývatn in the north of Iceland .
Vrlika is a small town and municipality in inland Split - Dalmatia County , Croatia .
Bern Airport ( IATA : BRN , ICAO : LSZB / LSMB ) , formerly Regionalflugplatz Bern - Belp in German , is an airport serving Bern , the capital of Switzerland .
Haneda Airport International Terminal Station is a railway station at Tokyo International Airport in Ōta , Tokyo , Japan .
Tsimshian First Nations is a treaty council based on the British Columbia Coast near Kitimat , British Columbia , Canada .
Sipiwesk Lake is a large lake in the province of Manitoba in Canada north of Lake Winnipeg .
Syrna ( Greek : Σύρνα ) is a mountain village and a community in the municipal unit of Trikolonoi , western Arcadia , Greece .
Amangeldi ( Kazakh : Аманкелді , Amankeldi ) is a village and the administrative center of Amangeldi District in Kostanay Region of northwestern Kazakhstan .
The Winnipeg Commodity Exchange is the former name of a derivatives market based in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada now known as ICE Futures Canada .
Mumbuluma Falls is a set of waterfalls just outside Mansa , Zambia in the Luapula Province .
Trevões is a village and ( with the neighbouring village of Espinhosa , 4Km to the WNW ) a civil parish ( freguesia ) in the municipality of São João da Pesqueira in the Viseu of Portugal .
Mount Edgecombe is a sugar - growing town in KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa , situated just north of Durban , which forms part of eThekwini , the Greater Durban Metropolitan .
Long Puak , formerly known as Long Ballong , is a small - village found about 2 km from Long Banga in the Marudi division of Sarawak , Malaysia .
Chinsali is a town in Chinsali District of Zambia , and is the provincial headquarters of Muchinga Province .
Sund Church ( Norwegian : Sund kyrkje ) is a parish church in Sund municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Alpuente is a town and municipality in the province of Valencia , part of Valencia ( autonomous community ) , Spain .
Lwówek Śląski County ( Polish : powiat lwówecki ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Lower Silesian Voivodeship , south - western Poland .
Huilo - Huilo Biological Reserve ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈwilo ˈwilo ) audio , Pronounced : /ˈwiːloʊ ˈwiːloʊ/ WEEL - oh - WEEL - oh ) is a private for profit natural reserve and ecotourism project in southern Chile .
The Kalinga Institute of Medical Sciences ( `` KIMS '' ) is the medical school of the KIIT University situated in Bhubaneswar , Odisha , India .
Zeče pri Bučah ( pronounced ( ˈzeːtʃɛ pɾi ˈbuːtʃax ) ) is a settlement west of Buče in the Municipality of Kozje in eastern Slovenia .
The Puerta Bab al - Mardum , or Puerta de Valmardón , is a city gate of Toledo , Spain .
Nuggikeri Hanuman Temple is situated around 14 km from Dharwad , Karnataka , India .
Roskovec ( definite Albanian form : Roskoveci ) is a town and a municipality in Fier County , south - central Albania .
The Sydney International ( formerly known as the Championship of New South Wales and New South Wales Open , with various title sponsors ) , sponsored as the Apia International Sydney as of 2012 , is a professional tennis tournament in Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Lumarzo was annexed to the newly unified Kingdom of Italy in 1861 .
Kildare County F.C. ( Irish : Cumann Peile Chontae Chill Dara ) was an Irish football club that played in the League of Ireland .
Klapkalnciems ( German : Kneis ) is a part of the Engure municipality ( Latvian : Engures novads ) in Latvia on the seashore of the Baltic sea on the Bay of Riga .
Berat is a city and a municipality located in south - central Albania , and the capital of the County of Berat .
Taiaroa Head is a headland at the end of the Otago Peninsula in New Zealand , overlooking the mouth of the Otago Harbour .
Dulovce ( Hungarian : Újgyalla ) is village and municipality in the Komárno District in the Nitra Region of south - west Slovakia .
Nemyriv Raion ( Ukrainian : Немирівський район ) ( transliteration from Ukrainian Nemyrivskyi Raion ) is a raion ( district ) in Vinnytsia Oblast , Ukraine .
Snoul Wildlife Sanctuary is located in eastern Cambodia on the border to Vietnam .
Stary Węgrzynów ( ˈstarɨ vɛŋˈɡʐɨnuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia , within Jędrzejów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Sind University railway station ( Urdu : سندھ یونیورسٹی ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Pakistan .
Yuzhno - Sakhalinsk ( Russian : Ю́жно-Сахали́нск ) is a city and the administrative center of Sakhalin Oblast , Russia .
Qaleh Shisheh ( Persian : قلعه شيشه‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh Shīsheh and Qal``eh - ye Shīsheh ) is a village in Belharat Rural District , Miyan Jolgeh District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 377 , in 93 families .
Tweeddale , Ettrick and Lauderdale was a county constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1983 .
The Aïr and Ténéré National Nature Reserve is a national nature reserve in the West African nation of Niger .
Amsterdam RAI Exhibition and Convention Centre ( commonly known as Amsterdam RAI ) is a complex of conference and exhibition halls in the Zuidas business district of Amsterdam , Netherlands .
Cabarete Bay is a bay on the northern coastline of the Dominican Republic .
Slavonice ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈslavoɲɪtsɛ ) ; German : Zlabings ) is a town situated in the southwest of Moravia on the border with South Bohemia , Czech Republic , about a kilometre from the Austrian border with about 2,700 inhabitants .
Serpa ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈsɛɾpɐ ) ) is a city and a municipality in Portugal , in Alentejo Region .
La Durande , a lava dome , is one of the highest volcanic peaks in the Chaîne des Puys in France and peaks at 1299 metres .
Santo Domingo Oeste is a municipality of the Santo Domingo province in the Dominican Republic .
Peristeri ( Greek : Περιστέρι , standing for `` pigeon / dove '' in Greek ) is a suburban municipality in the northwestern part of the Athens agglomeration , Greece .
Shahr - e Jadid - e Parand ( Persian : شهرجديدپرند‎ , also Romanized as Shahr - e Jadīd - e Parand ) is a village in Manjilabad Rural District , in the Central District of Robat Karim County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Edifício Santos Dumont is an office skyscraper with a circular footprint located in the Centro neighbourhood of Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
San Giuseppe delle Scalze a Pontecorvo is a church , located in Salita Pontecorvo , in the historical center of Naples , Italy .
Aberfoyle Park High School is one of the largest public secondary schools in South Australia .
Unorganized Kenora District is an unorganized area in northwestern Ontario , Canada , in Kenora District .
Waylla Tarpuna ( Quechua waylla meadow , tarpuy to sow , -na a suffix , `` where the meadow is sown '' , hispanicized spelling Huayllatarpuna ) is a mountain in the Chila mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,300 metres ( 17,388 ft ) high .
Dilijan ( Armenian : Դիլիջան ) , is a spa town in the Tavush Province of Armenia .
Windsor Secondary School is a grade 8 - 12 high school in North Vancouver , British Columbia Canada .
The Stone Mushrooms ( Bulgarian : Каменните гъби ) is a rock phenomenon near Beli plast village in Bulgaria , on the road between Haskovo and Kardzhali .
Rashkin ( Persian : رشكين‎ , also Romanized as Rashkīn ) is a village in Rudbar - e Shahrestan Rural District , Alamut - e Gharbi District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Piskó is a village in Baranya county , Hungary , a small region of Sellyei .
The Hospital del Divino Salvador was the first hospital established in Mexico City for the treatment of mentally ill women .
Vaneli or Wanel ( Georgian : ვანელი ; Ossetian : Уанел , Wanel ) is a settlement in the Dzau district of South Ossetia , a region of Georgia whose sovereignty is disputed .
The Gungahlin Drive Extension ( or the GDE ) is a freeway grade roadway , largely located in the Belconnen district of Canberra , Australia .
Kolej Yayasan UEM or KYUEM ( formerly known as Kolej Matrikulasi Yayasan Saad ) is a Malaysian private residential school situated in Lembah Beringin , Selangor , Malaysia .
Spodnje Vrtiče ( pronounced ( ˈspoːdnjɛ ˈvəɾtitʃɛ ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the western Slovene Hills ( Slovene : Slovenske gorice ) north of Zgornja Kungota in the Municipality of Kungota in northeastern Slovenia .
Zakalinki - Kolonia ( zakaˈlʲiŋkʲi kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstantynów , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The isolated San Martin Tuxtla volcano is a shield volcano which rises above the Gulf of Mexico .
Situated in the extreme southwest corner of Portugal ( and also continental Europe ) , the municipality of Vila do Bispo is located within the Barlavento Algarvio , the southwestern Algarvean coast , surrounded on its southern and western frontiers by the Atlantic Ocean .
Barentsburg Heliport , Heerodden ( Norwegian : Barentsburg helikopterhavn , Heerodden ; ICAO : ENBA ) is a private heliport located at Heerodden ( also known as Kapp Heer ) , serving the mining town of Barentsburg in Svalbard , Norway .
Povir ( pronounced ( pɔˈʋiːɾ ) or ( ˈpɔːʋiɾ ) ; Italian : Poverio ) is a village in the Municipality of Sežana in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Boszczynek ( bɔʂˈt͡ʂɨnɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skalbmierz , within Kazimierza County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Pręczki ( ˈprɛnt͡ʂki ) ( German : Striemen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogowo , within Rypin County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Canaveilles ( Catalan : Canavelles ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Orientales department in southern France .
Paung Township ( Burmese : ပေါင်မြို့နယ် ) is a township of Thaton District in the Mon State of Myanmar .
Ghatlodiya is a neighbourhood in the city of Ahmedabad in the state of Gujarat , India .
Lisovyi masyv ( Ukrainian : Лісовий масив ; Russian : Лесной массив literally : Forest neighbourhood ) is a neighbourhood located in the northeast part of the city of Kiev , the capital of Ukraine .
Syada ( Nepali : स्यादा ) is a village and municipality in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north - western Nepal .
The Rosa - Luxemburg - Platz ( English : Rosa Luxemburg Square ) is a square in Berlin - Mitte , Germany .
Zentraler Omnibusbahnhof München ( ZOB ) is a central bus station located in Maxvorstadt , Munich , Bavaria , Germany .
Krásnohorská Dlhá Lúka ( Hungarian : Várhosszúrét ) is a village and municipality in the Rožňava District in the Košice Region of middle - eastern Slovakia .
Rødkleiva is a hill located in Nordmarka in Oslo , Norway .
The Eshkol Regional Council ( Hebrew : מועצה אזורית אשכול‎ , Mo'atza Ezorit Eshkol ) is a regional council in the north - western Negev , in Israel 's Southern District .
Sint - Gillis - bij - Dendermonde is a part of the municipality of Dendermonde in the Denderstreek in East Flanders in Belgium , a typical agricultural village in the Dendervallei near the junction of the railroads to Ghent , Mechelen and Brussels .
The Diocese of Møre ( Norwegian : Møre bispedømme ) is a diocese in the Church of Norway which geographically consists of Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Rani Durgawati Museum is a museum situated in Jabalpur city in Madhya Pradesh state of India .
Harran ( Turkish : Harran , Ottoman Turkish : حران‎ , ) was a major ancient city in Upper Mesopotamia whose site is near the modern village of Altınbaşak , Turkey , 44 kilometers southeast of Şanlıurfa .
UTC+09:45 had been used as a time in Australia ( Central Western Summer Time , or CWST ) .
Bengtsheden is a locality situated in Falun Municipality , Dalarna County , Sweden with 530 inhabitants in 2010 .
North Rajupalem is a major village in Kodavalur mandal , Nellore district , Andhra Pradesh , India .
University of Toronto Schools ( UTS ) is an independent secondary day school affiliated with the University of Toronto in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Metoq ( Greek : Μετόχι Metochi ) is a village in Vlorë County , southwestern Albania .
Agidel ( Russian : Агиде́ль ; Bashkir : Ағиҙел , Ağidhel ; Tatar : Cyrillic Агыйдел , Latin Ağıdel ) is a town in the Republic of Bashkortostan , Russia , located near the border with the Republic of Tatarstan .
The Prawn Cocktail Offensive was the scornful name given to the British Labour Party 's successful attempt ( while in opposition in the 1990s ) to win trust and backing from the United Kingdom 's financial sector .
Coonoor ( pronunciation ) is a Taluk and a municipality in the Nilgiris district in the state of Tamil Nadu , India .
Thierberg is a mountain located in the north and southwest of the town of Kiefersfelden and thus extends over the border between Austria and Germany and it extends up to Bavaria , Germany but the most part is in Tyrol .
Tekel evolved into the sole manufacturer and distributor of all alcohol and tobacco products in Turkey .
Abenteuermuseum ( Saarbrücken ) is a former museum in Saarland , Germany , which was founded by the deceased Heinz Rox - Schulz .
Šentrupert ( pronounced ( ʃɛnˈtɾuːpɛɾt ) or ( ʃənˈtɾuːpɛɾt ) ; German : Sankt Ruprecht ) is a village in the traditional Lower Carniola region in southeastern Slovenia .
Borun Qeshlaq ( Persian : برون قشلاق‎ , also Romanized as Borūn Qeshlāq ; also known as Bīrūn Qeshlāq ) is a village in Qezel Gechilu Rural District , in the Central District of Mahneshan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
The Brkini Hills ( pronounced ( bəɾˈkiːni ) ; Slovene : Brkini ; Croatian : Brkinija ) is a hilly region in southwestern Slovenia .
Trpčane ( pronounced ( təɾpˈtʃaːnɛ ) ; Italian : Terciane ) is a village southeast of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Kneblowo ( knɛˈblɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzyń Chełmiński , within Grudziądz County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Bədirli ( also , Bedirli and Byaderli ) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Shaw Multicultural Channel ( or simply SMC ) is a multicultural cable television community channel in Canada , offering programming in 25 different languages .
Kuleje ( kuˈlɛjɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wręczyca Wielka , within Kłobuck County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Río Abajo is a corregimiento within Panama City , in Panamá District , Panamá Province , Panama with a population of 26,607 as of 2010 .
The Avenue Hoche is an avenue in the 8th arrondissement of Paris , France .
Zerendi ( Kazakh : Зеренді ) is a small town in northern - central Kazakhstan , located 45 kilometres from Kokshetau .
Jírova hill ( Czech : Jírova hora ) is a hill situated between the villages of Zbečník , Rokytník and Velký Dřevíč , approximately 1 km northwest from the centre of the town Hronov , Czech Republic .
Zona Rosa de Bogotá ( the `` Bogotá Pink Zone '' ) is a neighborhood in Bogotá , Colombia with many pubs , restaurants , malls , shops and discos .
Qeshlaq - e Charkhlu ( Persian : قشلاق چرخلو‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Charkhlū and Qeshlāq - e Jerkhlū ; also known as Qeshlāq and Qishlāq ) is a village in Ebrahimabad Rural District , Ramand District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
The , or JAXA , is Japan 's national aero - space agency .
Val Rendena is the valley of the Sarca river in Trentino , northern Italy .
Kfar Saba ( Hebrew : כְּפַר סָבָא , lit . `` Grandfather 's Village '' ) , officially Kfar Sava , is a city in the Sharon region , of the Center District of Israel .
Tana Tidung Regency is a regency of North Kalimantan Province in Indonesia .
Dasht - e Khowrdeh ( Persian : دشت خورده‎ ; also known as Dasht - e Kharzeh ) is a village in Sarvestan Rural District , in the Central District of Bavanat County , Fars Province , Iran .
In the context of an internationalization policy after consolidation on the internal Spanish market , Nutrexpa expanded to Portugal where it sells the same products as in Spain in view of the proximity and affinity between the two markets .
Park Lane International School is a private , co - educational international school based in Prague , Czech Republic .
The Swiss coordinate system ( or Swiss grid ) is a geographic coordinate system used in Switzerland for maps and surveying by the Swiss Federal Office of Topography ( Swisstopo ) .
Hrastišta ( Serbian : Храстишта ) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The 1988 European Cup Final was a football match played between PSV Eindhoven of the Netherlands and Benfica of Portugal .
The Slovene Union ( Slovene : Slovenska skupnost , Italian : Unione Slovena , SSk ) is a centrist political party in Italy representing the Slovene minority in the Friuli - Venezia Giulia region .
Oedong - eup is an eup or a town in the subdivision of the Gyeongju City , North Gyeongsang province , South Korea .
The Sophia Range is a low , small mountain range on southern Nootka Island , forming a peninsula west of Tahsis Inlet , between Esperanza Inlet and Nuchatlitz Inlet , British Columbia , Canada .
Lola Island is an island in the Solomon Islands ; it is located within Vona Vona Lagoon in the Western Province .
Szerenosy ( ʂɛrɛˈnɔsɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Nagau is a mountain range located in the Kalat District of Balochistan , Pakistan .
Adare Manor is a manor house located on the banks of the River Maigue in the village of Adare , County Limerick , Ireland , the former seat of the Earl of Dunraven and Mount - Earl .
Rumpo is a village in Vormsi Parish , Lääne County in western Estonia .
The Weiti River is an estuarine river to the north of Auckland in the North Island of New Zealand .
The Paria Peninsula , ( Spanish : Península de Paria ) , is a large peninsula on the Caribbean Sea , in Sucre State , northern Venezuela .
My Darkest Days '' first major -- label single , `` Porn Star Dancing , '' went gold in Canada and in the United States .
Mandoori is an administrative unit known as `` Union Council '' of Kohat District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Kiev Planetarium ( previously Republican Planetarium ; Ukrainian : Київський планетарій ) in Kiev , Ukraine is one of the largest planetaria in the CIS ( former Soviet states ) .
Pilathara is a small town near Payyannur in the Kannur district of Kerala , India .
Maha Sarakham is the capital city of Maha Sarakham Province in Thailand 's northeastern ( Isan ) region .
İbaxlı ( also , İsaxlı , Ibakhly , Isakly , and İsaqlı ) is a village and municipality in the Qakh Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Tkvarcheli ( Georgian : ტყვარჩელი ; Abkhaz : Тҟəарчал , Tqwarchal ; Russian : Ткуарчал or Ткварчели , Tkuarchal or Tkvarcheli ) is a town in Abkhazia , Georgia .
Laiwangi Wanggameti National Park is located on the island of Sumba in Indonesia .
The Bern University of Applied Sciences ( BUAS ; German : Berner Fachhochschule , BFH ) is a public vocational university with campuses in Bern , Biel , Burgdorf , Magglingen , and Zollikofen , Switzerland .
The Bilbao Fine Arts Museum ( Spanish : Museo de Bellas Artes de Bilbao , Basque : Bilboko Arte Ederren Museoa ) is an art museum located in the city of Bilbao , Spain .
Gamonal is located in the middle of Spain , in the northwestern part of Toledo province , 30 km south of the Sierra de Gredos , 10 km north of the river Tagus , 130 km southwest of Madrid , 105 km south of Ávila and 98 km west of the city of Toledo .
Missinipi Broadcasting Corporation , or MBC Radio , is a radio network in Canada , serving First Nations and Métis communities in the province of Saskatchewan .
Karavomylos ( Greek : Καραβόμυλος ) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Sami , on the island of Cephalonia , Greece .
The Perhentian Islands ( Pulau Perhentian in Malay ) lie approximately 10 nautical miles ( 19 km ) off the northeastern coast of West Malaysia in the state of Terengganu .
Sodankylä Airfield ( Finnish : Sodankylän lentokenttä ; IATA : SOT , ICAO : EFSO ) is an airfield in Sodankylä , Lapland , Finland , located 3 kilometres ( 2 mi ) south - east of Sodankylä municipal centre .
Ou Raadsaal ( also known as Old Council Chamber , Old Government Building , and Republikeinse Raadsaal ) was the Parliament Building of the Transvaal Republic Government in Pretoria , South Africa .
Mielagėnai ( Polish : Mielegiany ) is a town in Ignalina district municipality , in Utena County , southern Lithuania .
Śniedzanowo ( ɕɲed͡zaˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo , within Sierpc County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Placencia Football Field is a football stadium based in Placencia , Belize .
Onseepkans is a small settlement on the banks of the Orange River in Northern Cape Province , South Africa .
Lygten Station is a former railway station in the Nordvest district of Copenhagen , Denmark .
The Inangahua River is located in the northwest of New Zealand 's South Island .
Castropodame ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈkastɾopoˈðame ) ) is a village and municipality located in the region of El Bierzo ( province of León , Castile and León , Spain ) .
Batyń ( ˈbatɨɲ ) ( formerly German Battin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rąbino , within Świdwin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Hunter Valley Important Bird Area is a 560 km2 tract of land around Cessnock in central - eastern New South Wales , Australia .
Safana is a Local Government Area in Katsina State , Nigeria .
Ponte Alta is a city in Santa Catarina , in the Southern Region of Brazil .
Qaa ( Arabic : القاع ) , El Qaa , Al Qaa or Masharih al - Qaa is a town in Beqaa Governorate , Lebanon .
Rude Boy Records is a European independent record label focusing in underground hip hop and rap based in Germany .
The Lopburi River ( Thai : แม่น้ำลพบุรี , rtgs : Maenam Lop Buri , Thai pronunciation : ( mɛ̂ːnáːm lóp buriː ) ) is a tributary of the Chao Phraya River in central Thailand .
Pyhäjärvi ( Saarijärvi ) is a medium - sized lake of Central Finland , located in the northern side of Saarijärvi municipality´s center .
Coburg City Oval ( currently known by the sponsored name Piranha Park ) is an Australian rules football and cricket stadium located in Coburg , Australia .
Badu Island Airport ( IATA : BDD , ICAO : YBAU ) is an airport on Badu Island , Queensland , Australia .
Thrypti ( Greek : Θρυπτή , also Θρυπτής Ορη - Thryptis Ori ) is a mountain range in Lasithi in eastern Crete , Greece .
Quảng Trị ( listen ) is a city in Quảng Trị Province in the North Central Coast region of Vietnam .
Llangattock - Vibon - Avel ( Welsh : Llangatwg Feibion Afel ) is a rural parish in Monmouthshire , south east Wales , in the United Kingdom .
Tampere University of Technology ( TUT ) ( Finnish : Tampereen teknillinen yliopisto ( TTY ) ) is Finland 's second - largest university in engineering sciences .
Sharran ( Arabic : شران‎ , also spelled Sharan or Shiran ) is a village in northern Syria , administratively part of the Aleppo Governorate , located northwest of Aleppo near the Turkish border .
Escondida is a copper mine in the Atacama Desert in Antofagasta Region , Chile .
Villa Wolkonsky ( in Italian , the word villa usually includes not only a large building but also its grounds ) is the official residence of the British ambassador to Italy in Rome .
Narbonne ( French pronunciation : ​(naʁ.bɔn ) ; Occitan : Narbona , Occitan pronunciation : ( naɾ.ˈbu.no ) ; Latin : Narbo ) is a commune in southern France in the Languedoc - Roussillon region .
The Los Amigos River ( `` Friends River '' , Spanish : Río los Amigos ) is a river that flows through the Amazon rainforest in the Madre de Dios Region in southeastern Peru .
Saint Roch Cemetery ( French : Cimetière Saint - Roch ) is the first municipal cemetery in the city of Grenoble , France .
The Florence Baptistery ( Italian : Battistero di San Giovanni ) , also known as the Baptistery of Saint John , is a religious building in Florence , Italy , and has the status of a minor basilica .
On 9 November 1789 the National Constituent Assembly , formerly the Estates - General of 1789 , moved its deliberations from Versailles to the Tuileries in pursuit of Louis XVI of France and installed itself in the Salle du Manège on the palace grounds .
New Vision Gallery was a contemporary craft and art gallery operating in Auckland , New Zealand in the 1950s , 1960s and 1970s .
The Communität Christusbruderschaft Selbitz ( CCB ) ( Community of the Christ - Brotherhood Selbitz ) is a mixed Religious Order in the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Bavaria in Germany .
Timotesubani ( Georgian : ტიმოთესუბანი ) is a medieval Georgian Orthodox Christian monastic complex located at the eponymous village in the Borjomi Gorge , Georgia 's Samtskhe - Javakheti region .
Qazi Khan - e Sofla ( Persian : قاضي خان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Qāẕī Khān - e Soflá ; also known as Qāẕī Khān ) is a village in Rudbar Rural District , Sirvan District , Sirvan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
The Gold Medal of the City of Milan was a French medal issued in 1909 to commemorate the fiftieth anniversary of France 's 1859 Italian campaign , an intervention in the Second Italian War of Independence .
Rempart Mountain is a mountain near Tamarin in the western Mauritius district of Rivière Noire .
Thai Post ( Thai : ไทยโพสต์ ) is a daily Thai - language newspaper in Thailand .
Wardama ( Arabic : وردامة‎ ) is a Basic People 's Congress administrative division of Bayda , Libya .
Kvarkush ( Russian : Кваркуш ) is a mountain range in North Ural , in Perm Krai , Russia .
The Shire of Etheridge is a local government area in Far North Queensland , Australia in what is known as the Savannah Gulf region .
Keelung , officially known as Keelung City ( Chinese : 基隆市 ; also Jilong or Chilung ) , is a major port city situated in the northeastern part of Taiwan .
Markham Transit was a transit system for the town of Markham , Ontario , Canada .
The University of Music Detmold ( German : Hochschule für Musik Detmold ) is one of Germany 's leading university - level schools of music , situated in Detmold , Germany .
The Upper Galilee Regional Council ( Hebrew : מוֹעָצָה אֲזוֹרִית הַגָּלִיל הַעֶלְיוֹן , translit . Mo'atza Azorit HaGalil HaElyon ) is a regional council in Israel 's Upper Galilee region , bordered by the Mevo'ot HaHermon Regional Council and the Golan Regional Council , as well as a border with southern Lebanon .
Cichawa ( t͡ɕiˈxava ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gdów , within Wieliczka County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Stack Island is an island game reserve , with an area of 23.7 ha and a high point 54 m above sea - level , in Bass Strait , south - eastern Australia .
Lang Island ( Dutch : `` Long '' ; modern Indonesian : Rakata Kecil or Panjang ) lies in the Sunda Strait , between Java and Sumatra , in Indonesia .
The Château de Méréville is a chateau in Méréville in the valley of the Juine , France .
The University of Port Elizabeth ( UPE ) was a public university located in Port Elizabeth in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa .
Fort Frances Municipal Airport ( IATA : YAG , ICAO : CYAG ) is located 2.2 nautical miles ( 4.1 km ; 2.5 mi ) northwest of Fort Frances , Ontario , Canada .
Mactan Island Aquarium visitor attraction is the first of its kind in the Visayas and the only public aquarium outside of Luzon on all of the 7107 islands of the Philippines .
After Albania fell to Italian rule in 1939 , the Italian authorities banned the two daily newspapers of Tirana ( Shtypi and Drita ) and Fashizmi was set up to fill the void and convey the official Italian positions to the Albanian populace .
Villa Muñoz - Retiro is a barrio ( neighbourhood or district ) of Montevideo , Uruguay .
Jelarji ( pronounced ( ˈjeːlaɾji ) ; Italian : Elleri ) is a small settlement in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia on the border with Italy .
Khiva ( Uzbek : Xiva Хива ; Persian : خیوه‎‎ Khiveh ; Russian : Хива ; alternative or historical names include Khorasam , Khoresm , Khwarezm , Khwarizm , Khwarazm , Chorezm , and Persian : خوارزم‎‎ ) is a city of approximately 50,000 people located in Xorazm Region , Uzbekistan .
Ubon Ratchathani Main Line or Lower Isan Line is a railway line in Thailand .
The Tabin Wildlife Reserve ( Malay : Taman Hidupan Liar Tabin ) is a nature preserve in Sabah , Malaysia , on the island of Borneo .
Ishkoshim District or Nohiya - i Ishkoshim ( Tajik : Ноҳияи Ишкошим/Persian : ناحیه اشکاشم‎ ) is a district in east Tajikistan , in the extreme south - west of the Gorno - Badakhshan Autonomous Province ( GBAO ) .
Gurha Salim Airport ( IATA : XJM , ICAO : OP 922 ) is situated 13 km ( 8 mi ) from the city centre of Jhelum , Pakistan .
Prince Mahidol Hall ( Thai : มหิดลสิทธาคาร Mahidol Sittha - kharn ) is a concert hall of Mahidol University and the largest concert hall of Thailand , located in Phutthamonthon District , Nakhon Pathom .
Falaoigo is an uninhabited islet of Funafuti , Tuvalu .
Wingham ( Inglis Field ) Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CWH5 ) , is a registered aerodrome located 1.2 nautical miles ( 2.2 km ; 1.4 mi ) northwest of Wingham , Ontario , Canada .
Yvias ( Breton : Eviaz , Gallo : Ivinyac ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department in Brittany in northwestern France .
Waterton Lakes National Park is a national park located in the southwest corner of Alberta , Canada , and borders Glacier National Park in Montana , United States .
Monte Penoso is a mountain on the island of Maio , Cape Verde .
The Kambui Hills Forest Reserve occupies an area of 14,335 hectares in the Eastern Province of Sierra Leone .
Mount Cardrona in Central Otago , New Zealand is 1,936 metres ( 6,352 feet ) in height and most easily accessed from the Cardrona Ski Field .
Qarah Aghol ( Persian : قره اغل‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Āghol ) is a village in Chaldoran - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Chaldoran County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Estiaiotida ( Greek : Εστιαιώτιδα ) is a former municipality in the Trikala regional unit , Thessaly , Greece .
FC Kharkiv ( Ukrainian : ФК `` Харків '' ) was a professional football club based in Kharkiv , Ukraine .
The University of Library Studies and Information Technologies has got university status by a resolution of the National Assembly of Bulgaria of 29 September 2010 .
Batha Ouest or Batha West is one of the three departments which make up the region of Batha in Chad .
Abu Disher , also known as Abu Disheer , is a neighborhood of Baghdad , Iraq .
The A - Trane is a jazz club in Berlin , Germany .
The University of Arezzo ( Studium Aretino ) is an ancient university founded in 1215 and located in the town of Arezzo in the Tuscany region of Italy which has declined in importance since it was overtaken by newer Italian universities .
Tigzirt is a small town on the coast of northeast Algeria in Tizi Ouzou Province .
The Royal Adelaide Golf Club ( often referred to as Seaton ) is a private golf club in Adelaide , South Australia .
The Château de Rochemont was built in the late 18th century in Ruffosses , near Saussemesnil , Normandy , France , by ancestors of the De Mondesir family ( who owned the property in the 20th century ) , who managed to hold on to their property despite the French Revolution due to their support for it .
Ali Sami Yen Sports Complex or Ali Sami Yen Spor Kompleksi is a new multi - purpose sports complex in the Şişli district of Istanbul , Turkey .
The Canton of Bellegarde - en - Marche is a former canton situated in the Creuse département and in the Limousin region of central France .
Temse ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈtɛmsə ) ) is a municipality in East Flanders , Belgium .
Isparta Süleyman Demirel Airport ( IATA : ISE , ICAO : LTFC ) ( Turkish : Isparta Süleyman Demirel Havalimanı ) , inaugurated on July 21 , 1997 , is an airport serving the city of Isparta in south - western Turkey .
Brétigny - sur - Orge ( pronounced : ( bʁe.ti.ɲi.syʁ.ɔʁʒ ) ) is a commune in the southern suburbs of Paris , France , 26.7 km ( 16.6 mi ) from the city center .
The Gediminas Bridge ( Lithuanian : Gedimino tiltas ) is a bridge in Kupiškis , Lithuania .
Qarah Sufi ( Persian : قره صوفي‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Şūfī ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Jonubegharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Bahman District ( Persian : بخش بهمن‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Abarkuh County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Kharameh ( Persian : خرامه‎ , also Romanized as Kharāmeh , Karameh and Kherāmeh ) is a city in and the capital of Kharameh County , Fars Province , Iran .
Serra da Estrela Natural Park is situated in the largest mountain range in Portugal - the Serra da Estrela , and is the source of the rivers Mondego , Zêzere ( tributary of the Tagus ) , and Alva .
Tumtum Lake is a small lake located in the Upper Adams River valley in the Interior of British Columbia , Canada .
Unterleinach is a village situated outside of Würzburg , Germany .
Bandpey - ye Gharbi District ( Persian : بخش بندپی غربی‎ , meaning `` Western Bandpey District '' ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Monte Chiadenis ( Friulian : Cjadenis ) is a peak in the Carnic Alps , northern Italy , located between the comuni of Sappada and Forni Avoltri .
Aubigny - la - Ronce is a French commune in the Côte - d'Or department in the Burgundy region of eastern France .
Wielkolas ( vjɛlˈkɔlas ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Abramów , within Lubartów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Orto Botanico Conservativo Francesco Busnello ( 4000 m² ) is a botanical garden operated by the Accademia Trevigiana per il Territorio , and located on Viale Nazioni Unite , Treviso , Veneto , Italy .
Pooncarie Airport ( ICAO : YPCE ) is located at Pooncarie , New South Wales , Australia .
Southdown Power Station was a natural gas - fired combined cycle gas turbine cogeneration power station in Southdown , a suburb in southern Auckland City , New Zealand .
The Palmach Museum ( Hebrew : מוזיאון הפלמ``ח‎ ) is a museum located in Ramat Aviv , Israel dedicated to the Palmach , the strike - force of the pre - state underground Haganah defense organization , which was later integrated into the Israel Defense Forces .
Zladovska planina ( Serbian Cyrillic : Зладовска планина ) is a mountain in southern Serbia , near the town of Trgovište .
The Château du Touvet is a French castle built in the 13th century , with a garden à la française and a water garden built in the 18th century , located between Grenoble and Chambéry in the Isére Department of the Rhône - Alpes Region of France .
Špeharji ( pronounced ( ʃpɛˈxaːɾji ) ; German : Neschawas ) is a small settlement on the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Gare de Strasbourg , officially gare de Strasbourg - Ville , is the main railway station in the commune of Strasbourg , in Bas - Rhin , France .
Sahryń - Kolonia ( ˈsaxrɨɲ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Løgstør is a town with a population of 4,284 ( 1 January 2014 ) and a former municipality ( Danish , kommune ) in Region Nordjylland on the Jutland Peninsula in northern Denmark .
Tanglin Trust School ( TTS ) is an international school in Singapore run as a not - for - profit organisation .
Sundal or Sunndal is the largest village in the Mauranger district of Kvinnherad municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
The Vizovice Highlands ( in Czech , Vizovická vrchovina ) is an area of relatively modest but rugged highlands within the Zlin Region of the Czech Republic , named for the town of Vizovice .
Svirka ( Russian : Свирка ) is a village in Udomelsky District of Tver Oblast , Russia .
Dukla ( ˈdukla ) is a town and an eponymous municipality in southeastern Poland , in the Subcarpathian Voivodship .
The 1999 World Women 's Handball Championship , the 14th of its kind , was held between November 29 and December 12 , 1999 , and was jointly hosted by Denmark and Norway , with the finals being played in Lilehammer , Norway .
Ime is a village in the municipality of Mandal , Norway , located at 58 ° 2′N 7 ° 30′E a few kilometres east of Mandal city .
Kfar Uria ( Hebrew : כְּפַר אוּרִיָּה , lit . Uriah Village ) is a moshav in central Israel .
The Battle of Campomorto is a battle fought near Frosinone , in the Lazio ( Italy ) on August 21 , 1482 , in the course of the War of Ferrara .
Zell am See Airport ( German : Flugplatz Zell am See , ICAO : LOWZ ) is a public use airport located 4 kilometres ( 2 mi ) south of Zell am See , Salzburg , Austria .
Tây Ninh , Vietnam ( listen ) is a provincial city in southwestern Vietnam .
The Port of Valencia , seaport located in Valencia , Spain .
Cheshmeh Joori ( Persian : چشمه جوری ‎ ) is a village in Nosratabad Rural District ( Sistan and Baluchestan Province ) , in the Central District of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Wat Chang Kham ( ' Temple of Elephant 's Burden ' ; Thai : วัดช้างค้ำ ) is a ruined temple that is part of the Wiang Kum Kam archaeological area , outside of Chiang Mai in northern Thailand .
Waranwallqa ( Quechua wara trousers , pants / bee , wallqa collar , hispanicized spelling Huaranhuallcca ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 5,000 metres ( 16,404 ft ) high .
Pasmo Brzanki Landscape Park ( Park Krajobrazowy Pasma Brzanki ) is a protected area ( Landscape Park ) in southern Poland , established in 1995 .
North East Delhi is one of the nine administrative districts of Delhi , India .
Vodochody Airport ( IATA : VOD , ICAO : LKVO ) , also known as Aero Airport , is a private general aviation airport located in Vodochody in the Czech Republic .
Araxos Airport ( Greek : Αεροδρόμιο Αράξου ) ( IATA : GPA , ICAO : LGRX ) is the airport of Patras , the third - largest city in Greece .
Shahdad ( Persian : شهداد‎ , also Romanized as Shahdād ; formerly , Khabīs ) is a city in and the capital of Shahdad District , in Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Cueva de la Quebrada del Toro is a national park in the Sierra de Falcón in Falcón State , Venezuela .
The Modikwa mine is a large underground mine located in the north - eastern part of South Africa northwest of Burgersfort , Limpopo .
Bulbjerg is a limestone cliff in northern Jutland , Denmark , facing Skagerrak .
The Arboretum de Royat ( 41 hectares ) is an arboretum located in the forêt domaniale southwest of Royat , Puy - de - Dôme , Auvergne , France .
Kapneh Karan ( Persian : كپنه كران‎ , also Romanized as Kapneh Karān ; also known as Kapneh Garān and Rostam Khān ) is a village in Kalan Rural District , Zarneh District , Eyvan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Paróquia Nossa Senhora do Bom Conselho is a parish located in the Mooca district of São Paulo , Brazil , in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Campo Limpo .
Chasm Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada located near the town of Clinton .
The Spaniards Inn is a historic pub on Spaniards Road between Hampstead and Highgate in London , England , United Kingdom .
Akhfenir Wind Farm is located in 15 km from Akhfenir and 100 km from Tarfaya in Morocco and a has a total installed capacity of 200 MW .
MFM Radio is a radio station , based at Lyon ( France ) and created in 1981 .
Yogesh Pratap Singh ( born 1959 ) is a former officer in the police force of India who left to become a lawyer and activist in Mumbai .
Perri Lister ( born 10 April 1959 ) is an English actress , dancer , choreographer , singer , former model and screenwriter .
Sir Adam Bittleston ( 12 September 1817 -- 18 January 1892 ) was a British - born Indian judge .
Andrea Pegoraro ( Camposampiero , 24 October 1966 ) is a former Italian pole vaulter .
Siddharth Shetty ( born 20 March 1996 ) is an Indian entrepreneur , and the founder and CEO of Fundlined .
Matelita Buadromo ( born 15 January 1996 ) is a swimmer from the islands of Moala and Rotuma .
Duncan Wene Mighty Okechukwu ( born 28 October 1983 ) , simply known as Duncan Mighty , is a Nigerian musician , singer , and music producer from Obio - Akpor , Rivers State .
George Byng , 6th Viscount Torrington ( 1768 - -1831 ) served as a Vice - Admiral in the Royal Navy .
Miguel Piernavieja del Pozo ( 21 May 1916 -- 8 June 1983 ) was a Spanish spy for Nazi Germany , operating in Britain during the Second World War .
Michal Lipson ( born 1970 ) is an American physicist known for her work on silicon photonics .
John Augustus O'Shea ( 24 June 1839 -- 13 March 1905 ) was an Irish soldier , journalist and novelist .
Richard Mwanza ( 5 May 1959 − 27 April 1993 ) was a Zambian footballer and member of the national team .
Craig Dobson ( born 23 January 1984 ) is a football midfielder , who is currently without a club .
Petar Đuričković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Петар Ђуричковић ; born 20 June 1991 in Priština ) is a Serbian footballer , currently playing for Radnički Niš .
Fuat Sezgin ( born 24 October 1924 ) is an orientalist who specializes in the history of Arabic - Islamic science .
Carl Emanuel Conrad ( 20 March 1810 - 12 July 1873 ) , was an architectural painter .
Paramaz ( Armenian : Փարամազ ; 1863 -- 1915 ) , born Matteos Sarkissian , was an Armenian fedayee , freedom fighter , writer and political activist .
David Alcaide ( born 14 December 1978 ) is a Spanish pool player .
John Giddings ( born 1 May 1953 in St Albans , Hertfordshire ) is a music agent and promotor who has been responsible for tours by the likes of The Rolling Stones , Madonna , Genesis , Celine Dion , Iggy Pop and David Bowie .
Iyanya Onoyom Mbuk ( born 31 October 1986 ) , known by his mononym Iyanya , is a Nigerian recording artist and performer .
Mohammed Ali Beshr ( also , Bishr ; Arabic : محمد على بشر‎ Egyptian Arabic : ( mæˈħæmmæd ˈʕæli beʃɾ , bɪʃɾ ) ; born 14 February 1951 ) is an Egyptian politician who served as minister of state for local development from 5 January to 4 July 2013 .
Sibylle Günter ( born 20 April 1964 ) is a German theoretical physicist researching tokamak plasmas .
Christian Patterson ( born 1972 , Fond du Lac , Wisconsin , USA ) is an American photographer known for his Sound Affects and Redheaded Peckerwood series which have received solo exhibitions and been published as books .
Decca Aitkenhead ( born Jessica Aitkenhead , 1971 ) is an English journalist , writer and broadcaster .
James Bigden ( 1880- unknown ) was an English association footballer who played as a wing half .
Cristian Bunino ( born 27 August 1996 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Italian Serie B club Livorno , on loan from Juventus .
Dr. Richárd Tarnai ( born 3 November 1972 ) is a Hungarian jurist and politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) for Kispest ( Budapest Constituency XXVIII ) between 2010 and 2014 .
Loris Capirossi ( born 4 April 1973 ) is an Italian former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer , who competed between 1990 and 2011 .
Ken Warby ( born 9 May 1939 ) is an Australian motorboat racer , who currently holds the Water speed record of 317.58 miles per hour ( 511.10 km / h ) .
Moufida Tlatli ( Tunisian Arabic : مفيدة التلاتلي‎ ; born 1947 ) is a Tunisian film director .
Jaco Jacobs ( born 1980 ) is a South African children 's book author who writes in Afrikaans .
Hasan Habib ( born 19 April 1962 in Karachi , Pakistan ) is a Pakistani American professional poker player .
Iben Hjejle ( pronounced ' EE - behn YAY - leh ' ) is a Danish actress , born 22 March 1971 , and is notable for starring in the Stephen Frears film High Fidelity ( 2000 ) .
Paul Mausner ( 1910 - -2001 ) was a French fashion designer whose `` Paul Mausner '' brand of clothing is still sold today .
James Kirchick ( /ˈkɜrtʃɨk/ ; born 1983 ) is an American reporter , foreign correspondent and columnist .
Miloš Bogunović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милош Богуновић ; born 10 June 1985 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a striker or winger .
Steve Maughan ( born 1954 ) was an American college and professional football player who was a linebacker .
Neil Perkins ( born 2 October 1981 ) is a British amateur boxer who has won several medals in international tournaments at welterweight .
Taras Duray ( last name also spelled Duraj , born 31 July 1984 ) is an Ukrainian professional football player currently playing for FC Sumy .
John Davy Hayward ( 2 February 1905 -- 1965 ) was an English editor , critic , anthologist and bibliophile .
Judith Ellen Levy ( born 1958 ) is a United States District Judge for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan .
Kelly Schembri ( born 13 November 1986 ) , also known as Kelly Stelfox , is a Maltese model , singer - songwriter , dancer and actress .
Lucius Aelius Lamia Plautius Aelianus ( c. 45 - 81/96 ) was a Consul Suffectus in 80 .
Giorgos Kappis ' ( Greek : Γιώργος Κάππης ; 1928 -- May 11 , 1999 ) was a Greek actor in secondary roles in comedy and movies .
Darko Dimitrov was born on 21 January 1973 , in Skopje , SFR Yugoslavia ( present - day Republic of Macedonia ) , to prominent Macedonian singer and composer , Slave Dimitrov .
Christian Broecking ( born 5 June 1957 ) is a German sociologist and musicologist , music critic , columnist , writer , editor , producer and author perhaps best known for his jazz criticism and his book The Marsalis - Factor .
Alexandre de Lesseps ( born 20 May 1949 ) is an entrepreneur , investment banker , and pioneer of micro financing in developing countries .
Lalou Bize - Leroy , born 1932 as Marcelle Leroy is a French winery owner in the Burgundy wine region .
Farouk Hosny ( or Hosni ) ( Arabic : فاروق حسنى‎ ; born 1938 ) is an Egyptian abstract painter who was Minister of Culture from 1987 to 2011 .
John Wellington Starr ( 1822?--November 21 , 1846 ) was an American inventor and pioneer in development of the incandescent light bulb .
Ken Davy ( born 1941 ) is a businessman who is also the chairman of the Super League side Huddersfield Giants and former chairman of the Football League Championship side Huddersfield Town .
Panos Mihalopoulos ( Greek : Πάνος Μιχαλόπουλος ; born 15 January 1949 ) is a Greek actor , who has appeared during the last three decades in movies and television series .
Inbal Pezaro ( Hebrew : ענבל פיזרו‎ ) ( born 26 March 1987 ) is an Israeli Paralympic swimmer .
Charly Coombes ( born John Charles Coombes on 27 December 1980 in Mountain View , California , USA ) is an American - born English singer / songwriter , musician and filmmaker .
Ben - Zion Leitner ( c. 1927 -- March 25 , 2012 ) was an Israeli soldier , who received the nation 's highest military decoration , the Hero of Israel citation ( now the Medal of Valor ) , for heroism during the War of Independence .
Arpaïs Du Bois ( born 1973 ) is a Belgian drawer and painter .
Charles Walmesley , O.S.B. ( best known by the pseudonyms Signor Pastorino or Pastorini ; 13 January 1722 -- 25 November 1797 ) was the Roman Catholic Titular Bishop of Rama and Vicar Apostolic of the Western District of England .
Kazma Sakamoto ( born 1 October 1982 ) is a Japanese professional wrestler and manager , best known for his work in World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) as Sakamoto .
Sun Laiyan ( simplified Chinese : 孙来燕 ; traditional Chinese : 孫來燕 ; pinyin : Sūn Láiyàn ; born October 1957 ) is a Chinese scientist who served as the Administrator of the China National Space Administration ( CNSA ) from 2004 to 2010 , when he was succeeded by Chen Qiufa .
Giorgi Kilasonia , also known as Gia Kilasonia ( born 9 September 1968 ) is a retired Georgian professional football player .
Tiziana Lodato ( born 10 November 1976 ) is an Italian film , stage and television actress .
Gao Wen ( Chinese : 高文 ; pinyin : Gāo Wēn ; Jyutping : gou1 man1 ; born 18 January 1985 ) is a Hong Kong footballer who plays as a Midfielder .
Nayla Hayek ( born 1951 ) is a businesswoman and horse breeding expert .
Abbas Shiblak ( born 6 January 1944 ) is a Middle - Eastern academic , historian , Research Associate at the Refugee Studies Centre ( RSC ) , University of Oxford ( a post he has held since 1992 ) , free - lance writer , former diplomat and an advocate of human rights .
Robert Singerman ( born 1942 ) is a professor , a recognized Judaica bibliographer .
Teja Černe ( born 1984 ) is a Slovenian competitive sailor .
M. Thomas Mathew ( born 1940 ) is an Indian literary critic .
Ella Weed ( 1853 - 1894 ) was an American educator , `` the guiding spirit in the first four years '' of Barnard College .
Oskar Johansson ( born 23 June 1977 ) is a Canadian world class sailor from Toronto .
Air Marshal Hifazat Ullah Khan , HI(M ) , SI(M ) , ( Urdu : حفاظت اللہ خان‎ ; born 4 October 1952 ) , is a former three - star general air officer who served as Vice Chief of the Air Staff ( VCAS ) of Pakistan Air Force from 29 March 2009 till 4 October 2010 .
Alexis Dos Santos ( born 1974 ) is an Argentine film director and producer , screenwriter and editor .
Stuart Litel ( born 1961 ) is the founder of the New England Informix User Group ( NEIUG ) and has been an active member of the International Informix Users Group ( IIUG ) , which he joined in 1997 .
Detlef Schuppan ( born 9 August 1954 in Essen , Germany ) is a German biochemist and physician .
Kaino Thomsen - Fuataga ( born 12 May 1991 ) was a Samoan taekwondo practitioner .
Andrew Boardman ( c. 1550 - -1639 ) was an English clergyman who was a minister at St. Mary 's Church , Bury St. Edmunds as well as a vicar at Collegiate Church of St Mary , Warwick .
Meinhardt Schomberg , 3rd Duke of Schomberg , 1st Duke of Leinster , KG ( 30 June 1641 -- 5 July 1719 ) , was a general in the service of Willem , Prince of Orange and Stadtholder of Holland , later King William III of England .
Nick Holland ( born 29 July 1974 ) is a former professional Australian rules football player who played 179 games for Australian Football League ( AFL ) club Hawthorn between 1994 and 2005 , serving as Vice Captain between 1999 and 2003 .
Bernard Lokai ( born 5 September 1960 Bohumin , Czech Socialist Republic ( CSR ) ) is a German painter .
Ernest I of Schauenburg ( German : Ernst I. von Schauenburg ) ( ca . 1441 -- 1471 ) became the Bishop of Hildesheim in 1458 .
Morris B. Chapman ( 1919 - -February 18 , 2007 ) was an American lawyer from Madison County , Illinois and a prominent plaintiffs ' trial lawyer .
Guðmundur Árni Stefánsson ( born 31 October 1955 ) is an Icelandic politician , former minister for social affairs from June to November 1994 , and diplomat .
Adem Hecini ( Arabic : آدم حسيني‎ ; born 13 December 1975 ) is an Algerian athlete who specializes in the 400 and 800 metres .
Juan Enríquez Cabot ( born 1959 ) is a Mexican - American academic , businessman , and speaker .
Robert Whitaker McAll ( 1821 - -1893 ) was a congregationalist minister from English and Scottish origin who founded the `` Popular Evangelical Mission of France '' in Paris in 1872 , a movement which gained a considerable following and influence in a few years and which is still in existence today .
Magdalena Brzeska ( born 14 May 1978 in Gdynia , Poland ) is a German retired rhythmic gymnast of Polish descent .
Lama Dorji , or Lama Darja ( Chinese : 喇嘛達爾札 ; Mongolian : Лхамдаржаа ; 1726 or 1728 - -1753 ) was a mid - eighteenth century khan or ruler of the Dzungar Khanate , a confederation of Mongol tribes that ruled over most of present - day Xinjiang and part of eastern Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan and southern Siberia .
Born around 1835 , nothing is known of Robert Palin 's early life except his criminal record .
Miguel Skrobot ( Warsaw , 1873 - Curitiba , February 20 , 1912 ) was a businessman Brazilian of Polish origin .
Roy Limbert ( 1893 - -1954 ) was a prominent London West End theatre director and producer between the 1930s and the 1950s .
Theodora Elizabeth Lynch ( born Foulks ; 1812 - -1886 ) was an English poet and novelist of the 19th century .
Gary McSheffrey ( born 13 August 1982 ) is an English professional footballer who plays for League One club Scunthorpe United .
Johnny Pacheco ( born 25 March 1935 ) is a Dominican musician , arranger , producer , and bandleader of Cuban music ( guaracha , son montuno , danzón , cha cha chá , guajira - son , pachanga ) .
Sylvie Datty - Ngonga Tara - Agoue ( born 30 May 1988 in Begoua , Bangui ) is a Central African freestyle wrestler .
Emil Urumov ( Bulgarian : Емил Урумов ) ( born 20 January 1984 ) , is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a striker .
Captain Bartholomew Teeling ( 1774 in Lisburn , County Antrim , Ireland -- 24 September 1798 , in Arbor Hill , County Dublin , Ireland ) was a leader of the Irish forces during the Irish Rebellion of 1798 and who carried out an act of bravery during the Battle of Collooney .
Willie Bester ( born 1956 ) is a South African artist known for his installations made of found objects .
Ingrid Pitt ( 21 November 1937 -- 23 November 2010 ) was a Polish - British actress best known for her work in horror films of the 1960s and 1970s .
Sisay Bezabeh ( born 9 September 1977 in Asella , Oromia Region , Ethiopia ) is an Australian athlete of Ethiopian descent who specialized in the 10,000 metres and the marathon .
Tom Symonds ( born 17 February 1989 ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer for the Manly - Warringah Sea Eagles of the National Rugby League .
Jenny Addams ( 15 February 1909 , date of death unknown ) was a Belgian fencer .
Rift Fournier ( 1936 -- October 6 , 2013 ) was an American writer , screenwriter and television producer .
Gilbert Noël Ouédraogo ( born 25 December 1968 ) is a Burkinabé politician who has been President of the Alliance for Democracy and Federation--
Percy Saul ( born 1881 in Rotherham , England ) was a Scottish footballer who played as a defender for Liverpool F.C. in The Football League .
Aleksandar Luković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Александар Луковић ; born 23 October 1982 ) is a Serbian footballer who played as a defender for the Serbian national team and currently plays for Red Star Belgrade .
Rumon Gamba ( born 24 November 1972 ) , is an English conductor .
Erin Rachel Hudak ( born 1978 ) is a multi - media artist currently residing in Brooklyn , New York .
Francisco Salmerón ( 1608 - -1632 ) was a Spanish painter of the Baroque period .
Peter Wiley ( born 1955 ) is a cellist and cello teacher .
Rory Kostjasyn ( born 6 June 1987 ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer for the North Queensland Cowboys of the NRL .
Rudra Kaushish ( born Gajendra Oza on 5 May 1973 ) is an Indian actor and model known for his works in Bollywood .
Daniel Harford ( born 19 March 1977 ) is a former Australian rules footballer , and radio presenter and commentator .
Sydney Turner ( 2 April 1814 - 26 June 1879 ) was an Anglican clergyman , Dean of Ripon from December 1875 until March 1876 .
George A. Spratt ( 1870 - -1934 ) was an inventor , aircraft patentee , and the father of George G. Spratt who was also an aircraft designer .
Stanley James Warmington ( 16 December 1884 -- 10 May 1941 ) , or just S. J. Warmington , was an English actor who appeared on film , stage , radio and television in the early 20th century .
Kathleen Reiter ( Hebrew : קטלין רייטר‎ ; born 7 September 1988 ) is a Canadian / Israeli singer most notable for winning the first season of The Voice Israel .
Robin Bryntesson ( born 17 October 1985 in Rossön , Ångermanland ) is a Swedish cross country skier who has been competing since 2003 .
Patrick Prosser ( born 8 September 1952 ) is a Computer Scientist at Glasgow University .
Pablo Troise ( born 17 April 1936 ) is a Uruguayan lawyer and former judge .
Daisy D'ora ( February 26 , 1913 -- June 12 , 2010 ) was a German beauty queen , socialite and actress .
Ewan Porter ( born 4 July 1982 ) is an Australian professional golfer who currently plays on the Nationwide Tour .
Piloo Mody ( 14 November 1926 -- 29 January 1983 ) was an Indian architect and politician and one of the founding members of the Swatantra Party .
Sarah Reinertsen ( born 22 May 1975 ) is an American paratriathlete and former Paralympic track athlete .
Jimmy Meng ( simplified Chinese : 孟广瑞 ; traditional Chinese : 孟廣瑞 ; pinyin : Mèng Guǎngruì , born 1944 ) is a former New York State Assemblyman representing the 22nd Assembly District , which includes Flushing and College Point in Queens , New York .
Consuelo Castiglioni ( born 1959 ) is a fashion designer .
Christiane Charlotte of Nassau - Ottweiler ( 2 September 1685 -- 6 November 1761 ) was a Countess of Nassau - Ottweiler by birth and by marriage successively Countess of Nassau - Saarbrücken and countess of Hesse - Homburg .
Lars - Gunnar Carlstrand ( born 29 August 1973 ) is a Swedish football attacking midfielder and striker .
Mahshid Amirshahi ( Persian : مهشید امیرشاهی‎‎ ) ( her surname also spelled Amir - Shay or Amirshahy ) ( born 9 April 1937 ) is an Iranian novelist , short story writer , humorist , literary critic , journalist and translator .
Albrecht von Stosch ( 20 April 1818 -- 29 February 1896 ) was a German General of the Infantry and Admiral who served as first chief of the newly created Imperial German Navy from 1872 to 1883 .
Xie Shijie ( Chinese : 谢世杰 ; born September 1934 ) is a retired politician of the People 's Republic of China .
Rolanda Chagrin ( born 7 February 1957 ) is an Israeli actress and comedian .
Jon Champion ( born 23 May 1965 in Harrogate , North Yorkshire ) is a sports commentator .
Bernd Hollerbach ( born 8 December 1969 ) is a German football coach and a former player who is manager of Würzburger Kickers .
Klaus Ferdinand Hempfling ( born 1957 ) is a specialist in communication and human movement best known for his unorthodox approach to training and working with horses .
Chief Rabbi Dr Warren Goldstein ( born 1971 ) is the Chief Rabbi of The Union of Orthodox Synagogues of South Africa since 2005 .
Naim Popal ( Pashto:نعیم پوپل , born 18 June 1954 ) is an Afghan singer , songwriter , and composer .
Regina de Jesús Betancourt Ramírez ( born 16 December 1936 ) is a Colombian self - described mentalist , psychic , mystic , and faith healer who is better known to her followers as Regina 11 .
Salma Sultan ( born 16 March 1947 ) is an Indian television journalist who worked as a news anchor in Doordarshan , and later worked as director .
Kelly Sueda ( born 1972 ) is a painter who was born and raised in Hawaii .
Claude Anelka ( born 12 March 1968 ) is a French football manager , who is currently the Director of Coaching at Little Haiti FC .
Sukanta Chaudhuri ( born 1950 ) is an internationally renowned Bengali Indian scholar of English literature of the Renaissance period .
Pelé Andamaning Ali Ibrahim ( born 1 September 1969 ) , known as Ali Ibrahim or Ali Ibrahim Pelé , is a former Ghanaian footballer .
Thomas Sbokos ( Greek : Θωμάς Σμπώκος ; born 10 April 1972 in Heraklion ) is a Greek sprinter who specialized in the 200 metres .
Irina Rosikhina ( Russian : Ири́на Роси́хина ; born 11 May 1975 ) is a Russian sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres .
Princess Claire of Luxembourg ( born Claire Margareta Lademacher on 21 March 1985 ) is a German bioethics researcher currently pursuing a doctorate in the field of organ donation ethics at Pontifical Athenaeum Regina Apostolorum .
Charles John Tottenham , 9th Marquess of Ely ( born 12 February 1943 ) is a Canadian - British peer and member of the aristocracy of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland of Irish descent .
Pinky Lai ( Hong Kong , born 20 March 1951 ) is an automotive designer , the first Chinese in the Car Design Profession .
Raoul Hynckes ( Brussels , 11 May 1893 - Blaricum , 19 January 1973 ) was a Dutch painter of Belgian origin .
Dimitrios Galanos or Demetrios Galanos ( Greek : Δημήτριος Γαλανός ; 1760 - -1833 ) was the earliest recorded Greek Indologist .
Christopher Pond ( 1826 - -1881 ) was a British caterer and hotelier .
Andrew J. Allen ( born 1986 ) is an American classical and contemporary saxophonist and pedagogue who is currently an assistant professor of music at Midwestern State University in Wichita Falls , Texas .
Roberto De Zerbi ( born 6 June 1979 ) is a retired Italian footballer turned coach , currently in charge as manager of Foggia in the Lega Pro division .
Mustafa Azadzoy ( born 24 July 1992 ) is a footballer who plays as a Midfielder .
Air Commodore Jagdev Chandra , ( Punjabi ) ( 6 October 1916 -- 19 Apr 1991 ) , Royal Indian Air force and later one of the first recruits of Indian Air Force , was a war veteran , served with excellence in Burma during World War 2 .
Admiel Kosman ( born in 1957 ) is an Israeli poet and professor of Talmud .
Anni B Sweet is the stage name of Ana López Rodríguez ( born 1987 in Málaga ) , an indie and folk singer - songwriter .
Abdulkerim Abbas , also Abdul Kerim Abbas , Abdulkerim Abbasoff , ' Abd al - Karīm ' Abbās ( 1921 -- August 27 , 1949 ) , was a Uyghur leader in Xinjiang , China during the 20th century .
Sampo Marjomaa ( b. 1976 , Oulu ) is a Finnish television personality and entertainer .
Fatwell Kimaiyo ( born 1 July 1947 ) is a Kenyan former track and field athlete who competed in the 110 metres hurdles and 400 metres hurdles .
Tristan Casara ( born 23 January 1987 ) , known by his stage name The Avener ( /ˈævənər/ ) , is a French deep house and electro music producer .
Mao Ning ( born 23 May 1969 ) is a Chinese singer best known for his pop numbers The Waves Remain , Late Autumn , and The Blue Night and Blue Dream .
Shane Kerrison ( born 28 March 1965 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
David Tuviyahu ( Hebrew : דוד טוביהו‎ ; 1898 - -1975 ) was the first mayor of the Israeli city of Beersheba .
Grant Kirkhope ( born 10 July 1962 ) is a British BAFTA and IFMCA nominated composer , known for writing the soundtracks to Kingdoms of Amalur :
Ryan Trudgian ( born 15 September 1983 ) is an English footballer who plays as a striker .
Peter Mandler , FBA ( born 1958 ) is a British historian and academic specialising in 19th and 20th century British history , particularly cultural history and the history of the social sciences .
Stefano Cincotta Giordano ( born 28 February 1991 ) is a Guatemalan footballer who plays for German 3 .
Yuta Ikeda ( 池田 勇太 ; born 22 December 1985 ) is a Japanese professional golfer .
Peter A. Balaskas ( Born 1969 in Brooklyn , New York ) is an American author of speculative fiction .
Andrey Pyshnik ( Belarusian : Андрэй Пышнік ; Russian : Андрей Пышник ; born 1 February 1968 ) is a former Belarusian footballer and currently a coach .
William Welles Hollister ( 1818 - -1886 ) was a native of Ohio who came west in the 1850s and became a wealthy rancher and entrepreneur in California .
Brian Moriarty ( born 1956 ) is an American video game developer who authored two of the original Infocom interactive fiction titles , Wishbringer ( 1985 ) and Trinity ( 1986 ) , as well as Loom ( 1990 ) for LucasArts .
Trond Heir ( born 5 December 1958 ) is a Norwegian psychiatrist and military physician .
Jean - Frédéric Osterwald ( or Ostervald ) ( 25 November 1663 -- 14 April 1747 ) was a Swiss Protestant pastor .
Sahodaran Ayyappan ( 21 August 1889 -- 6 March 1968 ) was a social reformer , thinker , rationalist , journalist , and politician of Kerala , India .
Uillian Correia Granemann ( born 27 September 1989 ) , known as Uillian Correia or simply Uillian , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Cruzeiro as a midfielder .
Niladri Kumar ( born April , 1973 ) is an Indian classical and fusion musician .
James Alpheus Glen DSC ( 23 June 1890 --7 March 1962 ) was a Canadian First World War flying ace , officially credited with 15 victories .
Thomas Willingale ( 1799 - -1870 ) , lived in the village of Loughton in Essex , United Kingdom .
Roy Daniell ( born 11 April 1965 ) is an Australian runner with a vision impairment , who has won two medals at three Paralympics .
Thomas Jackson Denson ( January 20 , 1863 -- September 14 , 1935 ) was a notable Alabama musician and singing school teacher within the Sacred Harp tradition .
Adrian Andrei Rusu - Bolindet ( born in Mediaș , on 8 November 1951 ) is a researcher in Romanian medieval archaeology .
Aqib Khan ( Urdu : عاقب خان‎ ; born 24 August 1994 ) is an English actor of Pakistani descent .
George Dewey Nicks III ( 22 April 1961 in St. Louis , Missouri , U.S. ) is a photographer and film director .
Rickard William Lloyd MRCS LRCPEd ( 17 March 1859 -- 24 April 1933 ) was a Consulting Anaesthetist and author .
Han Seung - oh ( Hangul:한승오 ; Hanja:韓昇旿 , born in 1978 ) was a South Korean human rights activist and civil activist .
Paul - Emile Saadé ( born on 9 July 1933 in Ehden , North Lebanon ) is an Emeritus Maronite Eparch of the Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Batroun .
Jonas Umbach , painter , designer , and engraver , was born at Augsburg about 1624 .
Serhiy Boyko ( Ukrainian : Сергій Миколайович Бойко ; born 30 June 1977 ) is a Ukrainian international referee and a former player .
Johnny Clarke ( born 12 January 1955 ) is a Jamaican reggae musician , best known for his recordings with producer Bunny Lee in the 1970s .
Brandon Block ( born 1967 ) is a British club DJ .
Katinka Hosszú ( born 3 May 1989 ) is a Hungarian competitive swimmer and businesswoman .
Arvid Weber Skjærpe ( born 9 October 1947 ) is a Norwegian journalist and director .
Sigmund Groven ( born 16 March 1946 in Heddal , Telemark ) is a Norwegian classical harmonica player , today considered one of the world 's leading classical harmonica players .
Eileif Kolsrud ( 8 February 1873 -- ? ? ) was Norwegian educator and politician for the Labour Party .
Guy Sternberg ( born 1947 ) is the owner and operator of Starhill Forest Arboretum in Petersburg , Illinois .
Stephen Amis ( born 21 November 1966 ) is a film and television screenwriter , film director and film producer , known mostly for his independent sci - fi , action and fantasy - themed films .
Gilbert Ballantine ( born 14 March 1961 ) is a retired Dutch kickboxer and a nine times kickboxing world champion .
Yeh Chin - fong ( Chinese : 葉金鳳 ; pinyin : Yè Jīnfèng ; born 22 June 1943 ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Jean Alt ( 8 August 1921 -- 22 July 1991 ) was a French scientist and meteorologist .
Martin Duwell ( born 1948 , in England ) is an Australian poetry editor , reviewer and publisher .
Camille Bloom ( born November 2 , 1975 ) is an internationally touring American musician & singer / songwriter , endorsed by Gibson Guitars .
Jess Sum Cheuk - ying ( traditional Chinese : 沈卓盈 ) ( born 5 April 1984 ) is an actress in Hong Kong under TVB .
Sakari Orava ( born 17 June 1945 ) is a Finnish sports medicine surgeon , physician , orthopedist , and professor .
Gholamhossein Bigdeli,(Persian : غلامحسین بیگدلی‎ ) was born on 15 March 1919 in Dorakhloo ( Zanjan ) .
Iosif Ardeleanu ( born Adler Döme ; 1909- ? ) was an Austro - Hungarian - born Romanian communist activist and bureaucrat .
Elizabeth Lee Kim - Lohmann ( born May 1962 ) , known professionally as Lisa Kim , is a former television news anchor for an NBC - affiliated station in the San Francisco Bay Area and a former news anchor for MSNBC .
Dorothy Ray Healey ( 1914 - -2006 ) was a long - time activist in the Communist Party USA , from the late 1920s to the 1970s .
Dr. Joseph Ó Ruanaidh ( né Joseph Rooney ) born in London , England , in 1967 , and raised in Ballyfermot , Dublin , is a frequently cited author in the field of digital watermarking .
Sir Gerald Grove , 3rd Baronet ( 18 December 1886 -- 3 March 1962 ) was a British military leader and filmmaker .
John Alfred Terence MacDonagh ( 3 February 1908 -- 12 September 1986 ) was an English oboist and cor anglais player , particularly known as one of the four members of the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra 's so - called `` Royal Family '' of woodwind players .
Christopher Brookmyre ( born 6 September 1968 ) is a Scottish novelist whose novels mix comedy , politics , social comment and action with a strong narrative .
Helen Czerski ( born 1 November 1978 ) is a physicist and oceanographer .
Dinesh Subasinghe ( born 10 July 1979 , Colombo ) is a Sri Lankan composer , violinist and music producer .
Mouzhan Majidi ( born 9 June 1964 ) is a British - Iranian architect and was Chief Executive of Foster and Partners between 2007 and 2014 .
Mark Hollingsworth , Jr. ( born April 9 , 1954 ) was elected the 11th bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Ohio on November 15 , 2003 , and consecrated on April 17 , 2004 in Cleveland .
Gerard Woodward ( born 1961 ) is a British novelist , poet and short story writer , best known for his trilogy of novels concerning the troubled Jones family , the second of which , I 'll Go To Bed at Noon , was shortlisted for the 2004 Man - Booker Prize .
Paul Trepte was born on 24 April 1954 in Morley , Yorkshire and attended Batley Grammar School .
John Bigelow Taylor ( c. 1950 ) is a photographer of works of art based in New York City .
Sue Gerhardt ( Durban , 1953 ) is a British psychoanalytic psychotherapist in private practice since 1997 .
Len Attewell ( 31 December 1895 -- 26 February 1983 ) was a Welsh international rugby union prop who played club rugby for Newport .
Stijn Francis ( born 18 December 1982 ) is a Belgian former football player who played for Westerlo , Oud - Heverlee Leuven and Verbroedering Geel .
Tuval Foguel was born in 1959 in Berkeley , California to Hava and Shaul Foguel and he is a descendant of Saul Wahl .
David Parland ( 26 September 1970 -- 19 March 2013 ) was a Swedish metal guitarist , best known for his work in the bands Dark Funeral , Necrophobic and Infernal , in all of which he was one of the founding members .
David Tecchler , sometimes also written Techler , Tekler , Deckler , Dechler , Decler , Teccler or Teckler , ( 1666 - -1748 ) was a German luthier , best known for his cellos and double basses .
Jarkko Komula ( born 13 March 1976 ) is a Finnish former darts player who played for the Professional Darts Corporation .
Mark Katzman ( born 1951 ) is an American writer and musician .
Andrew Everingham ( born 29 January 1987 ) is an Australian professional rugby footballer currently playing rugby union for the Fukuoka Sanix Blues in the Japanese Second Division Rugby .
Margit Papp ( born 30 April 1948 ) is a Hungarian former athlete .
Chris Groom ( born 28 August 1973 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) for the Adelaide , Fremantle and North Melbourne Football Clubs .
Cynthia Ann Bashant ( born 1960 ) is a United States District Judge for the United States District Court for the Southern District of California and former Judge of the San Diego Superior Court .
Jason Steger ( born 1956 ) is a British - born Australian journalist , working in both print and film media .
Alexandra Liao ( born 1989 ) is a model and a pageant titleholder who won the Miss Perú 2010 pageant on May 22 , 2010 .
Henri Jeanneret ( 1 January 1878 -- 1 June 1935 ) was a Swiss - born Australian rules footballer who played in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Stephen Jolly ( born 1960 ) is a Fellow of Clare College , Cambridge ; a Fellow of the Cambridge Judge Business School ; and between 2005 - -13 , served as Director of External Affairs & Communications for the University of Cambridge .
John Stuart Stuart - Glennie ( 1841 - -1910 ) was a Scottish barrister , socialist and folklorist .
Tor Olav Trøim ( born 4 March 1963 ) is a Norwegian businessperson and engineer .
Per Frandsen ( born 6 February 1970 ) is a Danish football manager and former professional football player .
Hannah Wants ( born Hannah Alicia Smith in 1986 ) is a British DJ and producer from Birmingham .
Thien Thanh Thi Nguyen ( born 24 October 1981 ) , better known by her stage names Tila Tequila , Tila Nguyen and Miss Tila , is an American model , television personality , singer , songwriter , actress , writer and blogger .
Ethel Collins Dunham ( 1883 - 1969 ) , and her life partner , Martha May Eliot , devoted their lives to the care of children .
Karuppiahyage Ravindra Pushpakumara ( born 21 July 1975 , Panadura ) is a Sri Lankan cricketer of Tamil - Sinhala mixed ancestry .
Elbertus Leoninus was the Latinized name of Elbert de Leeuw ( Zaltbommel , 1519 or 1520 -- Arnhem , December 16 , 1598 ) , Dutch jurist and statesman , who helped negotiate the Pacification of Ghent .
Kevin A. Casey ( born 1955 ) is an American author , musician and humorist .
Tara Stevens ( born 10 September 1972 ) is a British journalist of Welsh extraction , based in Barcelona and specializing in cuisine .
Bernard Brooke ( born 3 March 1930 , Newsome , Huddersfield , Yorkshire , England ) is an English former first - class cricketer , who played two matches for Yorkshire in 1950 , against the MCC and Oxford University .
Francis Llewellyn Griffith ( 27 May 1862 -- 1934 ) was an eminent British Egyptologist of the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
Ambrosio Kibuuka ( 1868 - June 3 , 1886 ) was a Ugandan Roman Catholic martyred for his faith .
B. B. Sams ( born 1944 ) is an American artist who has worked as an illustrator .
Asoka Milinda Moragoda ( Sinhala:අශෝක මිලින්ද මොරගොඩ ) ( born 4 June 1964 ) is a Sri Lankan politician and businessman .
Dario Gradi MBE ( born 8 July 1941 ) is an Italian - born English football manager and former player .
Ekaterina Zakharieva ( born 8 August 1975 ) is a Bulgarian former interim Deputy PM and minister of Regional development from 2013 .
Carl Magnus Palm ( born 1965 ) is a Swedish author and historian , writing in Swedish and English , best known for his work on the Swedish pop group ABBA .
I m Ji - kyu ( Hangul : 임지규 ; born 7 March 1978 ) is a South Korean actor .
James Dixon Williams ( 1877 -- August 28 , 1934 ) was an early American film producer and studio executive .
Maurice Herriott ( born 8 October 1939 ) was a British track and field athlete who competed mainly in the 3000 metres steeplechase .
Henry Charles Stanley ( 1840 - -1921 ) was the chief engineer of the railways in Queensland , Australia .
Panagamuwa Lahiru Sampath Gamage ( born 5 April 1988 ) , or commonly Lahiru Gamage , is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer .
Richard of Hauteville ( c. 1045 - -1110 ) was a noble knight of Hauteville family , the conquerors of South Italy during the 11th century .
Juana María de la Concepción Méndez Guzmán , commonly referred as Conny Méndez ( 11 April 1898 -- 26 November 1979 ) was a Venezuelan composer , singer , writer , caricaturist , actress and metaphysicist .
Mohammad Jahurul Islam ( Bengali : মোহম্মাদ জহুরুল ইসলাম , born 12 December 1986 ) in Rajshahi ) is a Bangladeshi international cricketer .
Kay Morley - Brown ( née Morley , born 5 March 1963 ) is a former Welsh athlete , who competed in the 100 metres hurdles .
Peter Gifford ( born 5 April , 1955 ) , sometimes known as `` Giffo , '' is an Australian musician .
Barbara Brylska ( born 5 June 1941 ) is a Polish actress who was also featured in numerous films throughout the countries of the Warsaw Pact including the Soviet Union .
Howell Oakdeane Morrison ( 1888 - 1984 ) , also known as `` Morrie '' Morrison , was an American musician , dance instructor , impresario and entrepreneur , founder of Seattle - based Morrison Records .
William Cassandra Rosamonte Barbosa ( born 18 December 1983 ) , known as William Barbosa , is São Toméan footballer who plays as a defender for Portuguese club Oliveira do Bairro and the São Tomé and Príncipe football team .
Giovanni Narzisi ( born 2 February 1929 ) is an Italian cinematographer , director and screenwriter .
Ārijs Geikins ( 1936 - 2008 ) was a Latvian playwright , writer , director , actor and drama teacher .
Inge Keller ( born 15 December 1923 ) is a German actress whose career on stage and screen has spanned seven decades .
Marc Dionne ( born January 1989 ) is a Canadian professional wrestler , better known by his ring names Stupefied and Player Dos .
Eric Lanini ( born 25 February 1994 ) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a striker for Italian Serie B club Lanciano , on loan from Juventus .
Qin Yuhai ( Chinese : 秦玉海 ; pinyin : Qín Yùhaĭ ; born March 1953 ) is a Chinese politician and photographer .
Seamus Deane ( born 9 February 1940 ) is an Irish poet , novelist , and critic .
Archibald Kennedy , 1st Marquess of Ailsa KT , FRS ( February 1770 -- 8 September 1846 ) , styled Lord Kennedy between 1792 and 1794 and known as The Earl of Cassilis between 1794 and 1831 , was a Scottish peer .
Beryl Marsden ( born 10 June 1947 ) is a British R&B and pop singer , who first came to notice on the Liverpool club scene of the early 1960s .
Karen Smithies ( born 20 March 1969 ) is a former England cricketer who played 15 women 's Test matches and 69 women 's one - day internationals and including the 1993 Women 's Cricket World Cup triumph in England .
Henry Gwiazda ( born 1952 , silent i ) is a composer who specializes in virtual audio , the simulation of a three - dimensional sound space in either headphones or precisely positioned speakers .
William Brade ( 1560 -- 26 February 1630 ) was an English composer , violinist , and viol player of the late Renaissance and early Baroque eras , mainly active in northern Germany .
Daniel Tolar ( born 4 November 1982 ) is a former Australian professional rugby league player who played 101 games for the Newcastle Knights .
Patrizius Wittman ( b. at Ellwangen , Württemberg , 4 January 1818 ; d. at Munich , 3 October 1883 ) was a Catholic journalist .
Collin O'Neal ( born Shawn Loftis in 1975 in Florida ) , is an American gay pornographic actor and director who appears in gay pornographic films and magazines .
Michael Ani ( born 30 November 1917 ) was chairman of the Federal Electoral Commission ( FEDECO ) established by General Olusegun Obasanjo to conduct elections leading to the Nigerian Second Republic , which was inaugurated on 1 October 1979 .
Zsófi Szemerey ( born 2 June 1994 in Kazincbarcika ) is a Hungarian team handball goalkeeper who plays for Győri Audi ETO KC .
Kim Yong - chun ( born 4 March 1936 ) was a leader of the North Korean military .
Jackie French Koller ( born 1948 ) is an American author of picture books , chapter books , and novels for children and young adults .
Arthur Timótheo da Costa ( 12 November 1882 , Rio de Janeiro -- 5 October 1922 , Rio de Janeiro ) was an Afro - Brazilian painter and designer .
Pablo Antonio Gabas ( born 21 April 1982 ) is an Argentine - Costa Rican football player who currently plays for Alajuelense in Primera División .
Serge Tchurukdichian ( born 13 November 1937 ) , known as Serge Tchuruk , is a French businessman of Armenian descent .
Călin Dan ( born 1955 in Arad , Romania ) is a Romanian artist , theorist and curator based in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
Marlena Spieler ( born 16 April 1949 ) is a food writer of more than 70 cookbooks .
Dollah Kassim ( 13 March 1949 -- 14 October 2010 ) was one of the most famous Singaporean footballers during the 1970s .
Harold Adolphus Philips ( 15 January 1929 -- 5 July 2000 ) , known as Lord Woodbine , was a Trinidadian calypsonian and music promoter .
Mick O'Dea ( born 1958 ) is an Irish artist best known as a painter of portraits and historical subjects .
Margaret Sabine ( 1928 - 2011 ) worked at the University of Sydney Department of Veterinary Pathology .
Morteza Sepahvand ( Persian : مرتضی سپهوند ‎ , born 7 August 1979 ) is an Iranian amateur boxer who qualified for the 2008 Olympics at junior welterweight .
Helen Verhoeven ( born 1974 , Leiden ) is a painter and sculptor based in New York and Amsterdam .
Marco Risi ( born 4 June 1951 ) is an Italian film director , screenwriter , film producer and cinematographer .
Maria Ludkin ( born 1965 ) is a lawyer for the GMB Trade Union , the third biggest union in the United Kingdom .
Michel Lafourcade ( 19 April 1941 -- 4 October 2006 ) was a colonel of French firefighters , director of regional fire and emergency headquarters .
Carmen Casteiner , married Cagnotto ( born 27 September 1954 ) is a retired Italian diver .
Mark Boulware ( born 1948 ) is an American diplomat who served as the United States Ambassador to Chad from 2010 to 2013 .
Lia Shemtov ( Hebrew : ליה שמטוב‎ , born 25 May 1958 ) is an Israeli politician who currently serves as a member of Nazareth Illit City Council .
Omri Sharon ( Hebrew : עמרי שרון‎ , born 19 August 1964 ) is a former Israeli politician .
Alwin Schockemöhle ( born 29 May 1937 ) is a former German show - jumper .
Ed Sikov ( born 1957 , Pennsylvania ) is an American film scholar and author .
Marc Parmentier ( born 24 March 1956 ) is a Belgian scientist , and professor at the Institute of Multi - disciplinary Research in Human and Molecular Biology ( I.R.I.B.H.M. ) of the Université Libre de Bruxelles ( ULB ) .
William Raymond Hunter ( born 3 April 1938 in Belfast , Northern Ireland ) is an Irish former cricketer and rugby union player .
Professor Muhammed K. Abubakar ( born 19 October 1959 ) was appointed Nigerian Minister of Science and Technology on 6 April 2010 , when Acting President Goodluck Jonathan announced his new cabinet .
Marcus Cliffe ( born 1962 , Leeds , Yorkshire , England ) is an English professional musician , currently the bass player in The Manfreds , a reunion of members of the 1960s pop group Manfred Mann ( minus Manfred Mann himself ) .
Xiao Gang ( Chinese : 肖钢 ; pinyin : Xiāo Gāng ; born 1958 in Ji'an , Jiangxi ) was the Chairman of the China Securities Regulatory Commission until 18 January 2016 .
Carlo Ubbiali ( born 22 September 1929 ) is an Italian nine - time World Champion motorcycle road racer .
Ricky Diaco ( born 6 June 1982 ) is an Australian footballer who currently plays for South Springvale .
Robert Rhydwenfro Williams , known as Rhydwen Williams , ( 29 August 1916 -- 2 August 1997 ) , was a Welsh poet , novelist and Baptist minister .
Fei Xin ( Chinese : 费信 ; ca . 1385 - after 1436 ) was a member of the military personnel of the fleet of the Ming dynasty admiral Zheng He , known as the author of a book about the countries visited by Chinese ships .
Erzhu Rong ( 爾朱榮 ) ( 493 -- November 1 , 530 ) , courtesy name Tianbao ( 天寶 ) , formally Prince Wu of Jin ( 晉武王 ) , was a general of the Chinese / Xianbei dynasty Northern Wei .
Ong Keng Sen ( born 1963 ; Chinese : 王景生 ; pinyin : Wáng Jǐngshēng ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Ông Kíng - senn ) is a Singaporean director of the theatre group TheatreWorks , which was founded in 1985 .
John Martin Armiger ( born 10 June 1949 , Hertfordshire , United Kingdom ) is an Australian musician , record producer and film / TV composer .
Sture Sivertsen ( born 16 April 1966 ) is a former Norwegian Cross - country skier who competed during the 1990s .
Baselios Mar Thoma Paulose II ( Malayalam : ബസേലിയോസ് മാര്‍ത്തോമ്മാ പൗലോസ്‌ ദ്വിതിയന്‍ ) ( born K. I. Paul on 30 August 1946 ) is the 91st reigning Catholicos of the East and the Supreme Head of the Indian Orthodox Church .
Chuck Forsberg ( May 6 , 1944 -- September 24 , 2015 ) developed two data transmission protocols popular for uploading and downloading files from dial - up bulletin board systems in the 1990s .
Sally Reid ( born 30 September 1982 in Perth , Scotland ) is a Scottish stage , radio and television actress who trained at Langside College , Glasgow and with the Steppenwolf Theatre Company and the Second City Training Center in Chicago .
Ida Schnall ( 1888 - 14 February 1973 ) was the captain of the New York Female Giants baseball team and later a Hollywood actress .
Jess Thorup ( born 21 February 1970 ) is a former Danish professional football forward , who played for the two Danish Superliga sides OB and Esbjerg fB.
Issam Ahmad Dibwan al - Makhlafi ( Arabic : ) , ( born in 1977 in Saudi Arabia , identified as a Yemeni ) aka Akrama , became briefly wanted in 2002 , by the United States Department of Justice 's FBI , which was then seeking information about his identity and whereabouts .
Neville Southall MBE ( born 16 September 1958 ) is a Welsh former international footballer .
Sinaida Rosenthal ( 22 February 1932 -- 21 November 1988 ) was a German biochemist and molecular biologist .
Antoine du Verdier ( 1544 -- 25 September 1600 ) , lord of Vauprivast , was a French politician and writer .
Svein Rennemo ( born 24 July 1947 ) is a Norwegian businessperson and chair of Statoil .
Jonathan Maher ( born 1985 ) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a right corner - forward for the London senior hurling team .
Takao Tanabe , CM , OBC ( born 16 September 1926 ) is a Canadian painter .
Ton Roosendaal ( Dutch : ( tɔn ˈroːsɛnˌdaːl ) ; born 20 March 1960 ) is a Dutch software developer .
Ivan Deubner ( 1873 - -1936 ) was a Russian Orthodox of German ethnicity who converted to the Russian Catholic Church of Byzantine rite .
Don Voisine ( born 1952 in Fort Kent , Maine ) is an American abstract painter living in the Williamsburg neighborhood of Brooklyn , New York , USA .
Usama Muhammad or Ossama Mohammed ( born 21 March 1954 ) is a Syrian film director and screenwriter .
Emmy van Deurzen ( born 13 December 1951 in The Hague , Netherlands ) is an existential therapist and honorary Professor at the University of Sheffield .
Eddie Duffy ( 1894 - -1986 ) was a traditional Irish musician .
Naga Munchetty ( born Subham Nagalakshmi Munchetty Chendriam on 25 February 1975 ) , also known by her married name Naga Haggar , is an English journalist and newsreader .
Betsey Guppy Chamberlain ( c. 1797 - -1886 ) was a textile mill worker of Native American background who wrote sketches and poetry in the early 19th century .
Brad Watters ( born 1971 ) is a sports executive who was president of the Toronto Argonauts and Toronto Rock .
Luis Viracocha Quishpe ( b. Quito , 1954 ) is an Ecuadorian artist , teacher , and shaman .
Harold Cummins M.D. ( May 1894 -- May 12 , 1976 ) was a dermatoglyphics specialist , considered to be the father of dermatoglyphics .
( Richard ) Harold Barnwell ( 1878 - -1917 ) was an aviation pioneer .
Muriel Anderson ( born 1960 ) is an American composer , guitarist and harp - guitarist .
Juan Alonso Zayas ( 1869 -- October 8 , 1898 ) , was a Puerto Rican who served as Second Lieutenant in the Spanish Army .
Tang Junyi ( Chinese : 唐君毅 ; pinyin : Táng Jūnyì ; Wade -- Giles : T'ang Chün - i , 17 January 1909 -- 2 February 1978 ) was a Chinese philosopher , who was one of the leading exponents of New Confucianism .
Dragan Todorović ( Serbian : Драган Тодоровић ; born in September 1958 in Kragujevac , PR Serbia , FPR Yugoslavia ) is a writer and multimedia artist .
Jeff Vespa ( born 1970 ) is an American photographer , known as a co - founder of WireImage and the editor - at - large of LIFE.com .
Edoardo Ricci ( 27 April 1928 -- 28 November 2008 ) was an Italian Bishop for the Roman Catholic Church .
Keith Worsley ( October→December 1952 ( age 63 - -64 ) ) birth registered in Pontefract district , is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1970s and ' 80s , playing at representative level for Yorkshire , and at club level for Castleford , and York , as a centre , i.e. number 3 or 4 .
Malhar Rao Holkar ( 16 March 1693 -- 20 May 1766 ) was a noble of the Maratha Empire , in present day India .
F. Peter Cundill ( October 1938 -- January 24 , 2011 ) was a Canadian value investor .
Ann Van den Broeck ( born 1976 ) is a Flemish actress and musical star .
Monty Adkins ( born 29 March 1972 ) is a composer , performer and lecturer in electroacoustic music .
Ivan Javorčić ( born 24 January 1979 ) is a former Croatian football player , currently in charge as assistant coach of Italian Serie B club Brescia .
Ingeborg Strandin ( 18 November 1881 - 8 March 1948 ) was a Swedish opera singer and actress .
Mohamed Soliman was born to a middle - class family on 21 July 1991 in Cairo . Mohamed holds a Bachelor 's Degree in Construction Engineering from the Egyptian Aviation Academy .
Nathaniel P. Wilkerson ( born 1972 ) is a Canadian artist from the Gitksan First Nation in northwestern British Columbia , Canada .
Nhuchhe Ratna Tuladhar ( Devanagari : न्हुछे रत्न तुलाधर ) ( 1888 - 25 December 1950 ) was a Nepalese democracy activist who was martyred in the freedom struggle against the Rana regime .
Mark Baguley ( born 21 May 1987 ) is a professional Australian rules footballer , currently vice captain for the Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Philip Haas ( born 1954 ) is an American artist , screenwriter and filmmaker , perhaps best known for his 2012 sculpture exhibition `` The Four Seasons '' and his 1995 film Angels and Insects .
Judy Brooke is an English actress born in Leeds , West Riding of Yorkshire on 21 February 1970 .
Don Miguel Ángel Ruiz ( born 1952 ) , better known as Don Miguel Ruiz , is a Mexican author of Toltec spiritualist and neoshamanistic texts .
Carolyn Burke ( born 1940 ) , is an Australian - born American biographer , art critic , and translator .
Maryse Marpsat ( born 1951 ) is a French sociologist and statistician whose work employs methods drawn from sociology and statistics but also mathematics .
André Diot ( born 1935 ) is a cinematographer and lighting designer of French theatre and film , who played an important role in the emergence of the profession in France .
Raymond W. Carpenter ( born 1948 ) is a retired United States Army Major General who served as acting Director of the Army National Guard .
Gela Charkviani was born in Tbilisi in 1939 into the family of Candide Charkviani , a leader of the Georgian Communist Party who had been accused in the Mingrelian Affair under Joseph Stalin , and his ophthalmologist wife Tamar Jaoshvili .
Michael Xavier ( born 27 November 1977 ) is a two - time Laurence Olivier Award nominated English actor and singer .
Kang Yu - mi ( Hangul : 강유미 , born 5 October 1991 ) is a South Korean football player for Hwacheon KSPO WFC and the South Korean national team .
Frank Greenhoff ( 3 March 1924 -- August 1999 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a winger .
Sheldon Turcott ( 1936 - February 18 , 2000 ) was a Canadian television journalist and news anchor , best known as a reporter and host on CBC Television for four decades .
Grigore Singurel ( born Yefim Krimerman , 1923 ) is a Bessarabian journalist .
George W. Forrest ( born 1839 ) was a farmer and political figure .
Abraham Davenport ( 1715 -- November 20 , 1789 ) was an American politician who served in the Connecticut Governor 's Council during the American Revolution , and as a colonel in the Connecticut state militia .
Alan of Lynn ( c. 1348 -- after 1423 ) , or Alanus de Lynna , was a famous English theologian of the first half of the fifteenth century .
Laura Van Gilder ( born 11 December 1964 , Pocono Pines , Pennsylvania ) is a professional road bicycle racer from Cresco , Pennsylvania , United States .
Maharan Radi ( Arabic : مهران راضي‎ , Hebrew : מהראן ראדי‎ ; born 1 July 1982 ) is an Israeli footballer who has played for Hapoel Be'er Sheva since 2015 .
Phil Scraton ( born 1949 ) is a criminologist , academic and author .
Paul Dale ( born 1970 ) was announced in July 2010 as the first CTO to be appointed to the management board at ITV plc , biggest commercial television network in the UK .
Ahmad Faruqui ( born 1953 ) is a defense analyst and economist .
HP Tinker ( born 24 May 1969 ) is a Manchester - based short story writer whose avant garde fiction has frequently been compared to Borges and Donald Barthelme .
Paul A. Mooney ( c. 1941 -- April 23 , 2000 ) was an American sports executive who served as president of the Boston Bruins and Boston Garden from October 1 , 1975 to March 24 , 1987 .
Arjun Kapoor ( pronounced ( ɐrˈɟun kəˈpuːr ) ; born 26 June 1985 ) is an Indian actor who appears in Bollywood films .
David Molony ( 23 August 1950 -- 4 September 2002 ) was an Irish Fine Gael politician who served as both a Senator and a Teachta Dála ( TD ) .
Braian Mansilla ( 16 April 1997 ) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a striker for Quilmes on loan from Racing Club .
Elin Klinga ( born 13 August 1969 ) is a Swedish actress who took part in several of Ingmar Bergman 's late stage productions .
Anna Vladimirovna Shurochkina ( Russian : Анна Владимировна Шурочкина , born 15 August 1990 ) , better known by her stage name Nyusha ( Ню́ша ) is a Russian singer - songwriter .
Andrej Kral ( born 1969 ) is a German / Slovak neuroscientist and director of the Institute of AudioNeuroTechnology at the Hannover Medical School .
Pierce Egan ( 1772 - -1849 ) was a British journalist , sportswriter , and writer on popular culture .
Charlie Charters ( born 1968 , London ) is a former rugby union official and sports marketing executive turned thriller writer whose debut book Bolt Action was published by Hodder & Stoughton in 2010 .
Yu Xie ( 谢宇 , 1959- ) is a leading American sociologist and an instrumental figure in the development of empirical sociology in China .
Holden Chow Ho - ding ( Chinese : 周浩鼎 , born 1979 ) is a Hong Kong solicitor and politician .
William S. Gailmor ( 1910 -- November 14 , 1970 ) was a medical writer and lecturer .
Klaus Mainzer ( born 2 February 1979 in Heidelberg , Germany ) is a German international rugby union player , playing for the TV Pforzheim in the Rugby - Bundesliga and the German national rugby union team .
Scott Barron ( born 2 September 1985 ) is a former English professional football left back .
Christian Fredrikson ( born 1964 in Finland ) is the President and CEO at F - Secure Corporation , an anti - virus and computer security and computer software company based in Helsinki , Finland .
Yehezkel Lazarov ( Hebrew : יחזקאל לזרוב Y'ḥezeqel Lazarov‎ , born 8 February 1974 ) is an Israeli actor , voice actor , dancer and choreographer .
Judy Dunaway ( born 1964 in Mississippi ) is an avant - garde composer , free improvisor , conceptual sound artist and creator of sound installations who is primarily known for her sound works for latex balloons .
Mor Shushan ( born 4 November 1988 ) is an Israeli footballer who plays as centre back for Hapoel Bnei Lod .
Mary Beth Ruskai ( born 1944 ) is an American mathematician , Professor Emeritus of Mathematics at the University of Massachusetts .
Yōsuke Kawasaki ( born May 1977 ) is a noted orchestral violinist , chamber musician and soloist .
Carl Gugasian ( born October 12 , 1947 ) is an American prisoner who is serving a 17-year sentence for robbery , known as `` The Friday Night Bank Robber '' .
Anna Goldsworthy ( born 9 June 1974 ) is an Australian writer and classical pianist .
Dennis Chamberland ( born 1951 ) is an American bioengineer , explorer , and author .
Forbes Falconer ( 10 September 1805 , Aberdeen -- 1853 ) , was a Scottish Persian scholar .
Shaun Balfe ( born 4 June 1972 ) is a British racing car driver from Grantham who won the 2004 Spanish GT Championship .
Ajaib Kamal ( born 1932 ) is a writer of the Punjabi language .
Mark Endert ( born 1971 , California ) is an American music producer , mixer , arranger and musician .
Arthur Koehler ( 1885 - -1967 ) was a chief wood technologist at the Forest Products Laboratory in Madison , Wisconsin , and was important in the development of wood forensics in the 1930s through his role in the investigation of the Lindbergh kidnapping .
Elvin Morton `` Bunky '' Jellinek ( 1890 - -1963 ) , E. Morton Jellinek , or most often , E. M. Jellinek , was a biostatistician , physiologist , and an alcoholism researcher .
Marcos Alonso Peña ( born 1 October 1959 ) is a Spanish retired footballer , and a current coach .
Steve Matchett ( born 23 December 1962 in England ) is a commentator for American TV network NBC and NBC Sports Network on its various Formula One programmes .
David Parish ( 1778 -- April 27 , 1826 ) was a German - born land speculator and financier who played a major role in financing the United States military effort in the War of 1812 and in chartering the Second Bank of the United States .
Carey Harrison ( born 1944 ) is an English novelist and dramatist .
Carson Fox ( born 1970 , Oxford , Mississippi ) is an American artist who lives and works in Brooklyn , New York .
Sylwia Nowak - Trębacka ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈsɨlvja ˈnɔvak trɛmˈbat͡ska ) ; born 28 April 1976 in Łódź ) is a Polish ice dancer .
Mac MacLeod ( born Keith MacLeod , 9 July 1941 , St Albans , Hertfordshire ) is an English musician who was a part of the Hertfordshire folk and blues scene from 1959 onwards .
Krom Ngoy ( Khmer : ក្រមង៉ុយ ) ( born Ouk Ou អ៊ុក អ៊ូ ; 1865 -- 1936 ) was a famous Khmer poet and player of `` Kse Diev '' , a Khmer traditional one string instrument .
Tim Luscombe ( born 1960 ) is a British playwright , director , actor and teacher .
Nebojša Vučković ( born 13 May 1949 ) is a Serbian football manager who manages Al - Nasr in the Omani League .
Bogdan Milić ( Cyrillic : Богдан Милић , born 24 November 1987 ) is a Montenegrin footballer who plays as a striker .
Asanga Jayasooriya ( born 28 September 1971 ) is a Sri Lankan former first class cricketer .
Donald Wills Douglas , Sr . ( 6 April 1892 -- 1 February 1981 ) was an influential American aircraft industrialist and engineer .
Robert Cogoi ( born Mirko Kogoj , 25 October 1939 ) is a Belgian singer , best known for his participation in the 1964 Eurovision Song Contest .
Kalamu ya Salaam ( born March 24 , 1947 ) is a poet , author , filmmaker , and teacher from the 9th Ward of New Orleans .
Bob Justin ( born 1941 ) is an American outsider artist from New Jersey .
Yulia Nestsiarenka , née Bartsevich ( Belarusian : Юлія Несцярэнка , Julija Nieściarenka ; Russian : Юлия Нестеренко , Yuliya Nesterenko ; born 15 June 1979 ) is a Belarusian sprinter .
Ewart Beckford OD ( born 21 September 1942 ) , known by the stage name U - Roy , is a Jamaican vocalist and pioneer of toasting .
Ashish Shelar ( born 3 October 1972 ) is an 13th Maharashtra Legislative Assembly represents Vandre West ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) .
Marcius Melhem ( Brazilian Portuguese : ( ˈmaʁ.sius ' mɛ.ʎẽ ) ; born February 8 , 1972 ) , is a Brazilian actor and comedian .
Reverend Kuruvilla Pandikattu , born 28 November 1957 , is an Indian Jesuit Priest and Professor of Philosophy , Science and Religion at Jnana - Deepa Vidyapeeth :
Bernardo de Pace ( San Ferdinando di Puglia , 1886 -- Brooklyn , 1966 ) was a musician and comedic vaudeville performer of the 1920s , billed as `` the Wizard of the Mandolin '' .
Simon Dodd ( born 7 June 1959 ) is an Australian comedy writer , author , playwright and feature writer .
Rinaldo de Lamare ( 1910 , Santos , São Paulo -- 2002 , Rio de Janeiro ) was a Brazilian physician specialized in pediatrics and a bestseller writer of books on child health and care for the general public .
Winnie Cordero ( born 1 November 1966 ) is a Filipina comedienne , actress and TV host .
Joaquín Gómez Mira ( born 26 April 1941 ) is a scientist and physician specialized in radiation oncology .
Wojciech Stępień ( born 6 July 1970 ) is a former Polish volleyball player , a member of Polish national team in 1994 , coach .
Radha Ravi ( born 29 July 1952 ) is an Indian film and television actor , who played supporting roles throughout his career .
Valerian Revenco ( born 1 December 1939 in Bălți ) is a Moldovan politician who was Minister of Labor , Family and Social Protection ( 1999 - 2005 ) and Minister of Health ( 2005 ) .
Robin Wolaner ( born 1954 ) is an entrepreneur and business author .
Warren H. Phillips ( born 1926 ) is a journalist and publishing industry executive best known as the chief executive officer of Dow Jones & Company from March 1975 to January 1 , 1991 , and chairman of the board of Dow Jones from March 1978 until he retired in July 1991 at age 65 .
Ananda Rao Samuel was born on 29 December 1928 in the port town of Machilipatnam , Andhra Pradesh into a Dalit Anglican family and studied at the local Noble College during 1944 to 1949 earning the degrees of BA and MA .
Shek Sau ( Chinese : 石修 , born Chan Shek - sau , Bill , 21 November 1948 ) is a Hong Kong actor working for TVB .
Sudhangshu Dasgupta ( 1912 - -2003 ) was an Indian politician --
Heinrich Jost ( 13 October 1889 -- 27 September 1948 ) was a German typographer and graphic designer .
Manu Guix ( Manuel Guix ) ( 8 December 1979 , Barcelona ) is a composer , musical director and Catalan performer .
Lars Borgersrud ( born 11 March 1949 ) is a Norwegian military historian and government scholar .
Sumner Stone ( born in Venice , Florida on 9 June 1945 ) is a typeface designer and graphic artist .
Florian Homm ( born 7 October 1959 ) is a German former businessman and investment banker .
Zhu Yuqing ( born 22 April 1963 ) is a retired Chinese heptathlete .
Joseph Francis Stewart , known as Joe Stewart ( 1889 -- 6 May 1964 ) , was an Irish nationalist politician .
Ratchayothin Yotharuck ( Thai : รัชโยธิน โยธารักษ์ , born 13 December 1995 ) is a Thai former professional snooker player .
Subhendu Chatterjee ( 29 November 1936 -- 5 July 2007 ) was an Indian actor of television and films in Bengali .
Ehsan Adil ( Urdu : احسان عادل‎ ) , ( born 15 March 1993 ) is a Pakistani international cricketer .
Clinton Bennett ( born 7 October 1955 ) is a British American scholar of religions and participant in interfaith dialogue specialising in the study of Islam and Muslim - non - Muslim encounter .
Dénes Berényi ( 26 December 1928 -- June 27 , 2012 ) was a Hungarian nuclear physicist , member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences ( MTA ) and Head of the Institute of Nuclear Research of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences from 1976 to 1990 .
Piotr Gawryś ( born 1955 ) is a Polish bridge player .
Aung Yin ( Burmese : အောင်ရင် , ( ʔàʊɴ jɪ̀ɴ ) , born 28 June 1964 ) is a well - known Burmese pop singer , who reached the height of his career in the late 1980s to early 1990s .
Ondřej Sokol ( born 16 October 1971 ) , is a Czech director , actor and translator .
Richard H. Steckel ( born 1944 ) is an American heterodox economist with a focus on economic history .
John Souttar ( born 25 September 1996 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Heart of Midlothian ( Hearts ) in the Scottish Premiership , and for the Scotland under-21 team .
Dilana Robichaux ( born 10 August 1972 ) is a South African singer , songwriter , and performer who lives in Los Angeles , California .
Queen Silvia of Sweden ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ' sɪlvɪa ) ; born Silvia Renate Sommerlath on 23 December 1943 ) is the spouse of King Carl XVI Gustaf and mother of the heir apparent to the throne , Crown Princess Victoria .
Nina Gershon ( born 1940 ) is a federal district judge in the Eastern District of New York .
Kudrat Singh Meenakar ( 24 April 1924 -- 21 March 2002 ) was an Indian jeweller who specialised in kundan meenakari .
David Wiese ( born 18 May 1985 ) is a South African cricketer who has made 30 first - class appearances since his debut in October 2005 .
Liam McGeary ( born 4 October 1982 ) is an English professional mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator 's light heavyweight division .
Heather Foord ( born 1965 ) is an Australian television journalist .
Dror Moreh ( b. 4 November 1961 ) is an Israeli cinematographer and director .
Lea Gabrielle ( born Lea Gabrielle Potts in 1975 ) is a journalist and correspondent for the Fox News Channel .
William Peckitt ( 1731 -- 14 October 1795 ) was an English glass - painter and stained glass maker .
William Brereton , 2nd Baron Brereton ( 28 February 1611 -- April 1664 ) was an English landowner and politician .
Aleksandar Mikijelj ( Cyrillic : Александар Микијељ , born 5 February 1979 ) is a Montenegrin footballer .
Karna Lidmar - Bergström ( born 1940 ) is a Swedish geologist and geomorphologist known for her study of Pre - Quaternary landforms in Fennoscandia and Canada .
Alf Eriksson ( born 1948 ) is a Swedish Social Democratic politician who has been a member of the Riksdag since 1992 .
George Ware , Ph.D. ( 1924 - -2010 ) was an American dendrologist and former research director of the Morton Arboretum Illinois who specialized in the evaluation of Asiatic species of elm as urban trees .
Liu Gang ( born 30 January 1961 ) is a Chinese scientist who studies mathematical model , computer science , and theoretical physics .
Professor Ferdinand von Prondzynski ( born 30 June 1954 ) is the Principal and Vice - Chancellor of The Robert Gordon University in Aberdeen , Scotland .
Ron Wear ( born December 21 , 1979 ) is a Canadian model and actor from Edmonton , Alberta , who won the Mr. World Canada competition in 2010 .
John Hay Forbes , Lord Medwyn ( 1776 - -1854 ) was a Scottish judge .
Paul di Resta ( born 16 April 1986 ) is a British racing driver who drove in Formula One from 2010 to 2013 .
Georgi Tsonov ( Bulgarian : Георги Цонов ; born 2 May 1993 ) is a Bulgarian athlete specialising in the triple jump .
Pat Nourse ( born 1977 ) is an Australian restaurant critic and food writer .
Diandra Paramita Sastrawardaya ; born 16 March 1982 ) , more popularly known as Dian Paramita Sastro ( Javanese : ꦢꦶꦄꦤ꧀꧈ꦦꦫꦩꦶꦠ꧈ꦯꦱ꧀ꦠꦿ ) or Dian Sastrowardoyo ( Javanese : ꦢꦶꦄꦤ꧀꧈ꦯꦱ꧀ꦠꦿꦮꦂꦢꦪ ) , is an Indonesian model and actress .
Burl Barer ( born 1947 , Walla Walla , Washington ) is an American author , literary historian and radio host .
Alberto Sandoval ( born 12 March 1958 ) was a Mexican - American professional boxer and is the older brother of former WBA Champion , Richie Sandoval .
Daniel O'Mahony ( born 24 July 1973 ) is a half - British half - Irish author , born in Croydon .
Keith Martin Ball FRS FRSE ( born 26 December 1960 ) is a mathematician and professor at the University of Warwick .
Joseph Tom Burgess ( 1828 - -1886 ) was an English journalist and writer , artist and antiquarian .
Fabio Caballero , better known as Caballero ( born 1 October 1992 ) , is a Paraguayan professional footballer who plays for América Futebol Clube ( MG ) .
Wang Xiankui ( Chinese : 王宪魁 ; born July 1952 ) is a Chinese politician , serving since 2013 as the Communist Party Secretary of Heilongjiang , the top political office in the province .
Evgeni Utkin ( Ukrainian : Євген Володимирович Уткін , Russian : Евгений Владимирович Уткин ) was born in Donetsk , Ukraine , in 1958 .
Norma Sabrina Salerno ( born 15 March 1968 ) , also known in her singing career as Sabrina and Sabrina Salerno , is an Italian singer , songwriter , record producer , model , actress , and TV hostess .
Alfred Brendel KBE ( born 5 January 1931 ) is an Austrian pianist , poet and author .
John Linley Frazier , known as The Killer Prophet ( January 20 , 1946 -- August 13 , 2009 ) , was an American mass murderer who killed five people in Santa Cruz , California .
Jonas Johansen ( born 22 March 1985 ) is a Norwegian footballer who signed for Tromsdalen in 2010 , Johansen 's strongest position is central defender but can also play in defence midfield and attacking midfield .
Empress He Fani ( 何法倪 ) ( 339 - -404 ) , formally Empress Muzhang ( 穆章皇后 , literally `` the solemn and polite empress '' ) , semi - formally Empress Yong'an ( 永安皇后 ) , was an empress of Jin .
General Henry Saint Clair Wilkins ( 3 December 1828 -- 15 December 1896 ) was a British army officer , who served East India Company in India , Aden and later in Abyssinia .
Kabange Mupopo ( born 21 September 1992 ) is a Zambian sprinter and football player , won Gold in African games September 2015
Serge Pun ( Burmese : သိမ်းဝေ , Theim Wai ; Chinese : 潘繼澤 ; pinyin : Pān Jìzé ; born 1953 in Rangoon , Burma ) is chairman of the Serge Pun & Associates Group ( SPA Group ) , a multinational real estate firm , and Yoma Bank , a Burma - based bank .
Horace Pym ( 2 July 1844 -- 5 May 1896 ) was a confidential solicitor , book collector and the editor of the best - selling private journal of the Quaker writer , Caroline Fox :
Nabil Baha ( Arabic : نبيل باها ; born 12 August 1981 ) is a Moroccan footballer who plays for Fath Union Sport as a striker .
Richard Drayton FRHistS ( born 1964 ) is a Guyana - born historian and Rhodes Professor of Imperial History at King 's College London .
Mario Basini ( born 1943 ) is a journalist , broadcaster and author , the son of a Welsh Italian cafe owner in Merthyr Tydfil , Wales .
Wynne Hooper ( born 5 June 1952 in Seven Sisters , Wales ) is a Welsh former professional footballer .
Nusrat Faria Mazhar ( pronounced ( nusrʌt ˈfʌrɪə ) ; born 8 September 1993 ) is a Bangladeshi film actress , model , television presenter and radio jockey .
Beverly Broadman ( c. 1948 -- March 27 , 2008 ) was an American journalist who was one of the original reporter for CNN .
Jerzy Skarżyński ( born 13 January 1956 ) is a retired Polish runner who specialized in the marathon .
Peter Croton ( born in 1957 in New York City ) is a Swiss - American lutenist and guitarist .
DJ Misja Helsloot ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈmɪʃaː ˈɦɛlsloːt ) ; born 21 January 1973 in Rotterdam ) is a Dutch Trance and Progressive DJ . Misja In 1992 , Helsloot , at the age of nineteen , started to purchase albums and organize his own parties .
Amy Brown ( born 1972 , in Bellingham , Washington ) is a popular fantasy and fairy artist .
Charles Sabouret , born 1884 , was a French figure skater .
Lucy Martin ( born 5 May 1990 ) is a British retired professional road and track cyclist .
Gilberto Román ( 29 November 1961 -- 27 June 1990 ) was a Mexican boxer in the Super Flyweight division and a member of the 1980 Mexican Olympic team .
Henry Baum ( born 29 June 1972 ) is an American writer , blogger and musician and is considered part of the Rebel Inc. writing movement .
Cochi Ponzoni ( born 11 March 1941 ) is an Italian actor , screenwriter , singer and comedian .
Graeme Shepherd ( born in 1986 ) , better known by his stage name Grum , is a Scottish electronic musician and producer .
John Bush Jones ( born August 1940 ) is an American , author , theatre director and former theatre critic and educator .
Hosteen Klah ( Navajo : Hastiin Tłʼa , 1867 - -1937 ) was a Navajo artist and medicine man .
Harry Halliday ( 9 February 1920 -- 27 August 1967 ) was an English first - class cricketer , who played 182 games for Yorkshire County Cricket Club between 1938 and 1953 .
Steve Castle ( born 17 May 1966 in Barking ) is a former English football Midfielder who played in the Football League between 1984 and 2001 .
Elena Ruehr ( born 1963 , Ann Arbor ) is an American musician , music educator and composer .
Laxman Londhe ( Marathi : लक्ष्मण लोंढे 13 October 1944 - 6 Aug 2015 ) was a noted novelist and science fiction author in Marathi .
Robert Trelawney ( 25 March 1598 -- 1643 ) was an English merchant and colonist who settled lands in Maine USA and a politician who sat in the House of Commons of England from 1640 to 1642 .
Lena Headey ( /ˈliːnə ˈhiːdi/ LEE - nə HEE - dee ; born 3 October 1973 ) is an English actress .
Jan Smyrak ( born 26 November 1950 ) is a retired Polish and later German cyclist .
Michael Tyrrell ( born 1946 ) is an Antigua - born drug trafficker who headed a drug ring along with his Common law wife Julie Paterson , known as the `` Cocaine Queen '' .
Ger Rogan ( born 1963 ) is an Irish hurling manager and former dual player .
Simon Strantzas ( born 1972 ) is a weird fiction author from Toronto , Canada .
Lydeke von Dülmen Krumpelmann ( born Groningen , 24 August 1952 ) is a Dutch sculptor and ceramist .
Stefan Schuster ( born 7 November 1961 in Meissen ) is a German biophysicist .
Kim Kyung - roul ( Korean : 김경률 ; 23 February 1980 -- 22 February 2015 ) was a South Korean professional billiards player .
Leopold David de Rothschild , CBE , FRCM ( 12 May 1927 -- 19 April 2012 ) was a British financier , musician , and a member of the Rothschild banking family of England .
Andrew Brel ( born Andreas Broulidakis , 28 September 1960 ) is a UK author whose work includes ' The Emergency Bouzouki Player ' and ' One Day in Paris ' and a Music Producer .
Carlos Henry Bosdet was an electrical engineer , born in 1857 , in Arichat , Nova Scotia , Canada .
Harry E. Kinney ( 1924 -- May 9 , 2006 ) was Mayor of Albuquerque for two terms , from 1974 - -77 and 1981 - -1985 , as well as Chairman of the City Commission from 1971 - -1973 .
Samson Mulugeta ( Amharic : ሳምሶን ሙሉጌታ ; born 14 December 1983 ) is an Ethiopian footballer .
Raoul John Njeng - Njeng ( born 1 April 1991 ) , who performs under the mononym Skales , is a Nigerian rapper , singer - songwriter and performer .
Miguel Barbachano y Tarrazo ( 29 September 1807 -- 17 December 1859 ) ( Baqueiro 1896 ) was a liberal Yucatecan politician , who was 5 times governor of Yucatán between 1841 and 1853 .
B. V. Ramanaa ( born 8 May 1967 ) is an Indian politician and incumbent member of the Tamil Nadu legislative assembly from Tiruvallur constituency .
Erik Angra ( born March 21st , 1986 ) is an American director , cinematographer and film editor .
Simon Regan ( 7 August 1942 -- 8 August 2000 ) was a British journalist best known for founding Scallywag magazine , which deliberately took risks with libellous articles about public figures .
Shayna Richardson ( born 1984 ) is a student skydiver from Joplin , Missouri who made headlines in 2005 after she survived a skydiving accident and fell face first in a parking lot , and later was found to be pregnant .
Born Randall Sprigg Davis on August 12 , 1972 , Sprigg is the sixth of seven children born to Dix and Lynn Davis of Escondido , California .
Joseph ben Ephraim Karo , also spelled Yosef Caro , or Qaro ( 1488 -- March 24 , 1575 ) , was author of the last great codification of Jewish law , the Shulchan Aruch , which is still authoritative for all Jews pertaining to their respective communities .
Theodosii Spassov ( born 4 March 1961 ) is a Bulgarian jazz musician who plays kaval .
Wang Shuaiting ( Chinese : 王帅廷 ; pinyin : Wáng Shuàitíng ; born October 1955 ) is a former Chinese business executive .
Sir Christopher Pegge M.D. ( 1765 - -1822 ) was an English physician .
Lord George Manners - Sutton ( 8 March 1723 -- 7 January 1783 , Kelham Hall ) , born Lord George Manners , was a British nobleman and politician , the third son of John Manners , 3rd Duke of Rutland .
Oussama Assaidi ( Arabic : أسامة السعيدي‎ , Tamazight : Ušama Ašaidi ; born 15 August 1988 ) is a Moroccan footballer who plays as a winger for Al - Ahli Dubai , and the Moroccan national team .
LiQin Tan ( 谭力勤 born 1957 ) is a Chinese - born American digital artist , animator and educator who has taught in China , Canada , Singapore and the U.S.A.
Aeneas Coffey ( 1780 - -1852 ) was an Irish inventor and distiller .
William Budd ( 14 September 1811 -- 9 January 1880 ) was an English physician and epidemiologist known for recognizing that infectious diseases were contagious .
Waldemar Tatarczuk , born in 1964 in Siemiatycze , Poland , lives and works in Lublin , Poland .
Alessandro Martinelli ( born 30 May 1993 ) is a Swiss footballer who plays for Italian Serie B club Brescia , on loan from Sampdoria .
Rennie Stoyanova ( born 30 July 1957 ) was a nurse for 25 years in Bulgaria .
Willis Rushton ( birth registered July−September 1936 ) birth registered in Pontefract district , is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1960s , playing at club level for Wakefield Trinity , as a Centre , i.e. number 3 or 4 .
Vallo Reimaa ( born 8 May 1961 in Kose , Harjumaa ) is an Estonian politician of the Pro Patria and Res Publica Union .
Rolf Jähnichen ( born Helmsdorf 11 May 1939 ) is a retired German politician .
Keith Warburton ( born 7 June 1929 ) is a former Australian rules footballer in the Victorian Football League .
David Pownall FRSL ( born 19 May 1938 ) is a British playwright and author of novels and short stories .
Alice Barlow ( born 9 August 1991 ) , is an English actress and singer , best known for her role in Hollyoaks as Rae Wilson .
Sanlı Sarıalioğlu ( born 1 January 1945 ) is a Turkish former footballer and current football columnist and TV pundit .
Saya GyiU Ba Lwin ( Burmese : မြို့မ ဦးဘလွင် ) ( born in Rangoon , Burma on 20 September 1892 ) was founder of the Myoma National High School .
Bobby Perry ( born 1985 ) is an American basketball player who played both forward positions for the University of Kentucky from 2003 to 2007 .
Lynn Gumert ( born 1961 ) , is an American musician and contemporary composer .
Adem Güven ( born 11 October 1985 ) is a Turkish - Norwegian football player plays for Kongsvinger .
Maria W. Stewart ( Maria Miller ) ( 1803 -- February 6 , 1880 ) was an African - American domestic servant who became a journalist , lecturer , abolitionist , and women 's rights activist .
Françoise Saudan ( born 9 November 1939 in Lyon , Martigny ) is a Swiss politician from the FDP.The Liberals .
Seub Nakhasathien ( Thai : สืบ นาคะเสถียร , 31 December 1949 -- 1 September 1990 ) was a Thai conservationist who was well known for his efforts to conserve and protect the nature in Huai Kha Khaeng Wildlife Sanctuary and Chiew Larn .
Lavender Cheung ( 張宏艷 ) ( born 1970 in Beijing , China ) is a former news anchor of Cable TV Hong Kong of Hong Kong .
Levente Gyöngyösi ( Cluj - Napoca , 1975 ) is a Romania - born Hungarian composer .
Jordi Lardín Cruz ( born 4 June 1973 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played mostly as a winger .
Richard Budding ( born 6 May 1957 in Renkum , Gelderland ) is a retired Dutch footballer who was active as a right winger .
Gillian Sheen ( born 21 August 1928 ) is a British fencer and Olympic champion in foil competition .
Protase Rugambwa ( born 31 May 1960 ) is the current adjunct secretary of the Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples and concurrently president of Pontifical Mission Societies since his appointment was announced on 26 June 2012 .
Jake Pickard ( born 14 March 1997 ) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for Scottish club Queen of the South .
Mike Elizalde ( born 1960 ) is an American special make - up effects artist .
Wamsutta was born of royal blood in circa 1634 as the eldest son of Massasoit Ousa Mequin , leader of the Wampanoag .
Carlos Garaikoetxea Urriza ( born in Pamplona , Navarre , 2 June 1938 ) is a former Basque politician .
Clyde Haberman ( born 1945 ) is an American journalist who was a longtime columnist and correspondent for The New York Times .
Hannah Russell ( born 5 August 1996 ) is a British Paralympic swimmer competing in S12 classification events .
Darko Milinović ( born 25 April 1963 ) is a Croatian politician and gynecologist who served as Minister of Health and Social Welfare from 2008 until 2011 .
Paul Towndrow ( born 13 December 1978 ) is a Scottish saxophonist , composer , arranger and educator .
Dr Anne Dambricourt - Malassé ( born 1959 ) is a paleoanthropologist at the French National Centre for Scientific Research ( CNRS ) .
Kurt Küppers was born in 1894 , birthplace unknown .
Ladislav Miko ( born 9 April 1961 ) is Czech environmental expert and politician .
Ove Boudin ( born 1950 ) is a Swedish grappa expert , importer and author .
Lieutenant - Colonel Ibrahim al - Hamdi ( 1943 - October 11 , 1977 ) ( Arabic : إبراهيم الحمدي‎ ) was the leader of a military coup d'etat in Yemen Arab Republic that overthrew the regime of President Abdul Rahman al - Iryani on June 13 , 1974 .
Émile Isola was born on 4 September 1860 in Blida , Algeria and died in Paris on 17 May 1945 .
Nuruddin Farah ( Somali : Nuuradiin Faarax , Arabic : نورالدين فارح‎ ) ( born 24 November 1945 ) is a prominent Somali novelist .
Nie Shicheng ( Chinese : 聂士成 ; pinyin : Niè Shìchéng ; Wade -- Giles : Nieh Shih - ch'eng ) ( 1836 -- July 1900 ) was a Chinese general who served the Imperial government during the Boxer Rebellion .
Mari Chordà Recasens ( born 1942 , Amposta , Catalonia ) is an artist , painter , poet and a Catalan feminist socio - cultural activist .
Mohamad Nasir Mohamad or M. Nasir ( born 4 July 1957 in Singapore ) , is a Singaporean - Malaysian poet , singer - songwriter , composer , producer , actor and film director .
Alina Lohvynenko ( born 18 July 1990 ) is a Ukrainian athlete who competes in the sprint with a personal best time of 51.19 seconds at the 400 metres event .
Manjalamkuzhi Ali , was born on 1 January 1952 , as the 4th son of Manjalamkuzhi Mohammed Alias Manu and Perincheeri Kunhaysha .
Pierre Célestin Munyanshongore ( born 1942 in Butare province and died in 2011 ) was an ethnic Hutu engineer in Rwanda .
Anders Paulsson , born October 14 , 1961 , is a Swedish soprano saxophonist .
John Peter Mettauer ( 1787 -- 1875 ) was an American surgeon and gynecologist born in Prince Edward County , Virginia .
Alexander Webster ( 1708 -- January 25 , 1784 ) was a Scottish writer and minister , son of James Webster , a covenanting minister originally from Fife , was born in Edinburgh .
Saint Adamo Abate ( c. 990 -- 1060 - -1070 ) was an Italian medieval Benedictine abbot , a promoter of the unification of the Southern populations in Italy under Roger II of Sicily .
Willy Hartner ( 22 January 1905 -- 16 May 1981 ) was a German scientist and polymath .
Michael Coveney ( born 24 July 1948 , London ) is a British theatre critic .
Mads Brügger ( born 24 June 1972 ) is a Danish filmmaker and TV host .
Gaël N'Lundulu ( born 29 April 1992 ) is a French professional footballer of Congolese descent who plays for Aris F.C. ( Thessaloniki ) in the Football League 2 ( Greece ) , as a midfielder .
Vincent Mar Paulos ( born 20 February 1964 ) is the Metropolitan Bishop of the Syro - Malankara Catholic Eparchy of Marthandom .
Dr. Eamon O'Shea ( born 1958 ) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a right wing - forward for the Tipperary and Dublin senior teams .
Ray Carey ( born 7 July 1986 Cork ) is an Irish sportsperson .
Eleanor Stewart ( 2 February 1913 -- 4 July 2007 ) , was an American film actress of the 1930s and 1940s , appearing mostly in western films .
Alex Lozowski ( born 30 June 1993 ) is a professional English rugby union footballer playing in the Aviva Premiership for Wasps .
Anton Perich is an American filmmaker , photographer and video artist , born in Dubrovnik , Croatia , in 1945 .
John Ledyard ( November 1751 -- 10 January 1789 ) was an American explorer and adventurer .
Ameenah Gurib was born in the village of Surinam on 17 October 1959 , to parents Hassenjee Gurib and Firdaus Durgauhee .
Michael Sinclair Sanders ( born 1939 ) is a British amateur archaeologist .
Martha Schlamme ( born Martha Haftel , September 25 , 1923 -- October 6 , 1985 ) was an Austrian - born American singer and actress .
Davide Tiso ( born 21 June 1979 ) is a guitarist , composer and multi - instrumentalist .
Luca Giannone ( born 2 July 1989 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Serie C side Catania .
Sindri Freysson ( born 23 July 1970 in Reykjavík ) is an Icelandic novelist and poet .
Madeleine Williams ( born 28 March 1983 at Rocky Mountain House , Alberta ) is a Canadian cross - country skier who has competed internationally since 2000 .
Jiang Jianguo ( Chinese : 蒋建国 ; born December 1956 ) is a politician of the People 's Republic of China .
Siah Albison ( born about 1840 ) was a professional British runner who set a world record in the mile in the 1860s .
Carl Friedrich Wenzel ( c. 1740 -- February 26 , 1793 ) was a German chemist and metallurgist who determined the reaction rates of various chemicals , establishing , for example , that the amount of metal that dissolves in an acid is proportional to the concentration of acid in the solution .
Peter DePoe ( also known as Last Walking Bear ) was born in Neah Bay , Washington , in 1943 .
Vera Michallek , née Steiert ( born 6 November 1958 ) is a retired ( West ) German middle and long - distance runner .
James Hamilton - Paterson ( born 6 November 1941 ) is a poet and novelist .
Pieter Hellendaal ( 1 April 1721 -- 19 April 1799 ) was an Anglo - Dutch composer , organist and violinist .
Ellen Rocche , also known as Ellen Roche ( born 19 July 1979 ) is a Brazilian actress and model .
Desmond Seward ( born 22 May 1935 , Paris ) is a British popular historian and the author of many books , including biographies of Henry IV of France , Eleanor of Aquitaine , Marie Antoinette , Empress Eugenie and Napoleon 's Family .
William Vincent Barré ( 1760?--1829 ) , was a European , a translator and author mainly notable for his writings on Napoleon .
Vito Frazzi ( 1 August 1888 -- 7 July 1975 ) was an Italian neo - romantic composer .
Bülent Tüfenkci ( born 1 January 1966 ) is a Turkish politician from the Justice and Development Party ( AKP ) who currently serves as the Minister of Customs and Trade since 24 November 2015 in the third government of Ahmet Davutoğlu .
Dudley Riggs ( born 1932 ) is an improvisational comedian who created the Instant Theater Company in New York , which later moved to Minneapolis to become the Brave New Workshop ( BNW ) comedy troupe .
Dennis Aogo ( German pronunciation : ( ˈdɛ.nɪz ˈaʊ.ɡøː ) ; born 14 January 1987 ) is a German professional footballer who plays as a left back and left wing - back or midfielder for Schalke 04 .
Giovanni Battista Bonacina ( born c. 1620 ) was an Italian painter and engraver of the Baroque period .
Nancy Chepkwemoi ( born 8 October 1993 ) is a Kenyan middle - distance runner who competes mainly in the 1500 metres .
Rolf Magener ( 3 August 1910 -- 5 May 2000 ) was the first German prisoner to escape successfully from India during World War II . His daring escape from a camp at Dehradun in 1944 with mountaineer Heinrich Harrer is documented in Megener 's memoir , Prisoner 's Bluff .
Pieter Nooten ( born 22 January 1961 in Oss ) is a Dutch musician and composer best known for his work with Clan of Xymox .
Born on 5 January 1954 , Professor Rory Shaw was educated at Bedford School and at the Medical College of St Bartholomew 's Hospital .
Eugene Platon ( 1959 ) is a native of Republic of Moldova , previously U.S.S.R. In 1982 , he graduated from MIPT with a M.S. degree as a qualified Engineer in Applied Mathematics and Control Science .
Roger Matton OC ( 18 May 1929 -- 7 June 2004 ) was a Canadian composer , ethnomusicologist , and music educator .
Jahangir Mirshekari ( Persian : جهانگیر میرشکاری ; born 1947 ) is an Iranian Sound recordist .
Monica Ceccon ( born 3 February 1976 ) is a former road cyclist representing Italy and Saint Kitts and Nevis .
Scott Sorensen ( born 16 March 1993 ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the South Sydney Rabbitohs in the National Rugby League .
Brigitte Kuhlmann ( 1947 - -1976 ) was a founding member of the West German left - wing militant group Revolutionäre Zellen ( RZ , or Revolutionary Cells in English ; frequently considered a terrorist group ) .
Charles D. Ferris ( born 1931 ) served as Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission from October 17 , 1977 to February 4 , 1981 .
Les Gock ( born 1954 ) originally came to prominence when he joined the Australian band Hush in 1972 .
Stuart Storey ( born in September 1942 , Louth , Lincolnshire ) is a British sports commentator and former 110 m hurdler .
Sylvester John Hemleben was born February 25 , 1902 , in La Crosse , Wisconsin , a descendant of an ancient German family which emigrated to America to practice medicine and pharmacy in pioneer Wisconsin .
Ganga Prasad Vimal was born in 1939 in Uttarkashi , a Himalayan town in Uttarakhand state .
Josip Glasnović ( born 7 May 1983 ) is a Croatian sports shooter who competes in shotgun events .
Peter Wildeblood ( 19 May 1923 -- 14 November 1999 ) was an Anglo - Canadian journalist , novelist , playwright and gay rights campaigner .
Hamja Ahsan ( Bengali : হামজা আহসান ) ; born 17 March 1981 ) is an English artist , independent curator , writer on contemporary art , and human rights activist .
Rosa María Vázquez Bustamante ( born 5 August 1943 ) is a Mexican actress of film and television .
Mukotani Rugyendo ( born Kigezi , 1949 ) is a Ugandan poet , writer and journalist probably best known for his poem `` My Husband Has Gone '' .
Pietro Paolétti ( Belluno , 1801 - Belluno , October 23 , 1847 ) was an Italian painter and engraver .
Ustad Allarakha Qureshi ( 29-April 1919 -- 3 February 2000 ) , popularly known as Alla Rakha , was an Indian tabla player .
Jonathan Pryce , CBE ( born John Price ; 1 June 1947 ) is a Welsh actor and singer .
Yu Man - gyun ( born 3 April 1974 ) is a South Korean sledge hockey goalkeeper who used to be a wheelchair basketball player .
Eliezer Weishoff ( Hebrew : אליעזר ויסהוף‎ ; born 1938 ) is a master of numerous fine art disciplines , active in Israel since the 1950s .
Adam Beard ( born 7 January 1996 ) is a Welsh rugby union player who plays for Ospreys regional team as a Lock .
Tony Spears ( October -- December 1965 ( age 50 - -51 ) ) birth registered in Wakefield district , is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s , playing at club level for Castleford , as a wing , i.e. number 2 or 5 .
Kristen Thomson ( born 1966 ) is a Canadian actress and playwright .
Jarmila Šuláková ( born 27 June 1929 ) is a Czech folk singer and occasional actress .
Daniel Repacholi ( born 15 May 1982 ) is an Australian sports shooter who has competed at three Olympic Games .
Abdulnasser Gharem ( born 4 June 1973 ) is a Saudi Arabian artist and also a Lieutenant Colonel in the Saudi Arabian army .
Virgil Oliver Stamps ( 1892 -- 1940 ) was a shape note promoter , singer , composer , and singing school teacher .
Krång Anna Carolina Norén ( born 29 January 1965 ) is a Swedish radio presenter for Sveriges Radio and television presenter .
Martin Litherland OBE ( born 1945 , Woking , England ) is a geologist who has travelled and published widely .
Oscar Manchester ( 14 April 1878 -- 20 February 1958 ) was a former Australian Rules footballer .
Françoise Pascal ( born 14 October 1949 ) is an actress and model who was born to French Mauritian parents ;
Luigi Colani ( born Lutz Colani 2 August 1928 ) , is a German industrial designer .
Arsenije Loma ( Serbian Cyrillic : Арсеније Лома ; 1778 - 1815 ) was a Serbian voivode ( military commander ) in the First and Second Serbian Uprising of the Serbian Revolution ( 1804 - 1817 ) .
Htein Lin ( Burmese : ထိန်လင်း , IPA : ( tʰèiɴ lɪ́ɴ ) ; born 31 December 1966 ) is a Burmese painter , performance artist , and activist .
Carlos Alfredo Urrutia Valenzuela ( born 30 August 1949 ) was the 34th Ambassador of Colombia to the United States .
Stephen Ackles ( born 15 February 1966 ) , son of Norwegian mother ( Bergliot Kittilsen ) and American father ( Allan Dale Ackles ) is a beloved Norwegian vocalist , pianist , and songwriter who mainly play rock ' n ' roll inspired by Jerry Lee Lewis , Chuck Berry , Little Richard , Elvis Presley with several .
John Osmond ( born 1946 ) was the director of the independent Welsh think - tank , the Institute of Welsh Affairs until May 2013 .
Valiollah Seif ( Persian : ولی الله سیف , born 1 January 1952 ) is an Iranian economist .
Ruth - Ann Boyle ( born 26 April 1970 , Sunderland ) is an English pop music singer who became famous during the 1990s .
Damien Dernoncourt , ( born in 1971 ) is the Non - Executive Chairman of John Hardy , a luxury jewelry brand .
Hal Osmond ( born 1902 , London -- December 1959 in Taunton , Somerset ) was a British film and television actor .
John Michael Jack CBE PC ( born 17 September 1946 in Folkestone , Kent , England ) is the interim Chairman of the Office of Tax Simplification .
Li Zhong ( 李忠 ) ( 643 -- January 6 , 665 ) , courtesy name Zhengben ( 正本 ) , formally Prince of Yan ( 燕王 ) , was a crown prince of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty .
Theuderic IV ( c. 712 -- 737 ) or Theuderich , Theoderic , or Theodoric ; in French , Thierry was the Merovingian King of the Franks from 721 until his death in 737 .
Justin Erasmus ( born 22 January 1990 in Johannesburg ) is a South African Australian pitcher for the Brisbane Bandits and the Joliet Slammers .
Clare O'Leary ( born 1972 ) is an Irish gastroenterologist , mountain climber and adventurer .
Ken Yeang ( born 1948 ) is a Malaysian architect , ecologist and author known for his signature ecoarchitecture and ecomasterplans .
Robert Perišić ( born 1969 in Split , Croatia ) is a Croatian writer , freelance journalist and screenwriter .
John Clerk , Lord Eldin FRSE FSA ( 1757 - -1832 ) was a Scottish judge based in Edinburgh .
Vincent Kipruto Limo ( born 13 September 1987 ) is a Kenyan long distance runner who specialises in the marathon .
José María Glaría Avizanda ( born 24 May 1966 ) , better known as Flaco , is a Spanish football coach and former player .
Emily Anderson , OBE ( March 1891 -- October 1962 ) was a British Foreign Office official and scholar of German .
Nicholas Hough ( born 20 October 1993 ) is an Australian sprinter and hurdler .
Nick Hanauer ( born 1959 ) is an American entrepreneur and venture capitalist living in Shoreline , Washington .
Edward Ofere ( born 28 March 1986 ) is a Nigerian footballer who plays as a striker for Scottish Premiership club Dundee United .
Nnaemeka Anyamele ( born 16 May 1994 ) a Finnish football player of Nigerian descent currently playing for Finnish Veikkausliiga side HIFK .
Thottathil B. Radhakrishnan ( Malayalam : തോട്ടത്തിൽ. ബി. രാധാകൃഷ്ണൻ ; born 29 April 1959 ) is a judge of Kerala High Court .
Leo T. Sorokin ( born 1961 ) is a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts and former Chief United States Magistrate Judge of the same court .
Branka Musulin ( 6 August 1917 - 1 January 1975 ) was a German - Croatian classical pianist and teacher .
John Tojeiro ( 3 December 1923 , Estoril , Portugal -- 16 March 2005 , Cambridge , England ) , affectionately known as Toj , was an engineer and racing car designer whose innovations helped to revolutionise car design in the 1950s and ' 60s .
Eric Crees ( born 1952 ) was appointed Principal Trombone of the Royal Opera House , Covent Garden ( London ) in 2000 .
Jack Warshaw ( born 1942 in New York City ) is an American folksinger , songwriter and musician .
Cristoforo di Geremia ( 1410 - -1476 ) was an Italian medalist and sculptor .
Mallam Nuhu Ribadu mni ( born 21 November 1960 ) was the Chairman of the Petroleum Revenue Task Force and a former Nigerian government anti - corruption official .
Dr. Satish Sikha ( born 12 August 1971 ) is an Indian - born Canadian fashion designer , particularly noted for his Haute Couture designs In the year 2007 , he left fashion designing and started a campaign against Global Warming .
Rebecka Henriette Lejeune Dirichlet ( née Rebecka Mendelssohn ; 11 April 1811 -- 1 December 1858 ) was a granddaughter of Moses Mendelssohn and the youngest sister of Felix Mendelssohn and Fanny Mendelssohn .
Artyom Filiposyan ( Russian : Артём Филипосян , born 6 January 1988 ) is an Uzbek professional footballer of Armenian descent .
Moses Qqu Odhiambo ( born 28 October 1980 ) , known commonly as Qqu is a Kenyan singer , songwriter , choreographer , performer , instrumentalist , Lifestyle Entrepreneur and digital artist .
Tuanku Fauziah ( born 6 June 1946 ) , is the current Raja Perempuan of Perlis .
Paulo César Pinheiro ( born 28 April 1949 ) is a Brazilian poet and composer .
Johann Schnitzler ( 10 April 1835 -- 2 May 1893 ) was an Austrian Jewish laryngologist and professor .
Lasse Gjertsen ( born 19 July 1984 ) is a Norwegian animator , musician , and videographer known on YouTube as lassegg .
Jon R. Thomas ( born 1946 ) was United States Assistant Secretary of State for International Narcotics Matters from 1984 to 1986 .
Ivan Vandor ( born 13 October 1932 ) is an Italian composer , musician and ethnomusicologist of Hungarian origin .
Chu Ke - liang or Chu Ko - liang ( Chinese : 豬哥亮 ; pinyin : Zhū Gēliàng ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Ti Ko - liōng or Ti Ko - liāng ; born 5 December 1946 ) is a Taiwanese actor and comedian most famous as a television show host .
Jeanne Gang ( born 1964 ) is an American architect and MacArthur Fellow .
Sebastian Warholm is a Norwegian actor from Oslo , born in 1995 with roots in Brønnøysund .
Ludwig Devrient ( 15 December 1784 -- 30 December 1832 ) was a German actor , noted for his playing in the works of Shakespeare and Schiller .
Damiano Zoffoli ( 17 July 1960 ) is an Italian politician , replacing Alessandra Moretti in February 2015 as a member of the European Parliament representing the Democratic Party in the constituency of North East Italy .
Valentino Giambelli ( born 8 March 1928 ) is a former Italian Footballer and businessman , chairman of A.C. Monza Brianza 1912 from 1980 to 2000 .
Helen O'Clery ( née Gallagher ) ( 1910 -- 11 October 2006 ) was an Irish writer specializing in children 's books .
Dong Chao ( Chinese : 董超 ; pinyin : Dǒng Chāo ; born 13 December 1985 ) is a Chinese sport shooter .
Pedro Ignacio Saenz , Jr. , known as Pete Saenz ( born 1951 ) , is the mayor of his native Laredo in Webb County in south Texas , a position which he assumed on November 12 , 2014 .
Dato ' Sri Lee Ee Hoe , JP ( Chinese : 李益輝 ; born 5 July 1964 ) , also known as Lee San , is a Malaysian tourist guide and entrepreneur based in Kuala Lumpur .
Rakesh Jhunjhunwala ( born 5 July 1960 ) is an Indian Investor and Trader .
Emma Geary ( born November 1977 , in Larne , Northern Ireland , United Kingdom ) , ( Artist name : Anarkitty ) , is a Pop - Surrealist artist from Northern Ireland .
Derec Llwyd Morgan ( born 15 November 1943 ) is a Welsh academic who is a former Vice - Chancellor of the University of Wales , Aberystwyth .
Leopold Wächtler ( 1896 - -1988 ) was a German artist known for his prints , portraiture and silhouettes .
Petko Ilić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Петко Илић , July , 1886 -- March 17 , 1912 ) was a Serbian Chetnik commander active in Macedonia .
Rich Shapero ( born 1948 ) is an American venture capitalist , self - published writer , and musician .
Antony Pogorelsky ( Russian : Анто́ний Погоре́льский Никола́й ) is a penname of Alexey Alexeyevich Perovsky ( Russian Алексе́й Алексе́евич Перо́вский ) , ( 1787 - -July 21 ( O.S. July 9 ) 1836 ) a Russian prose writer .
Jamale Aarrass ( born 15 November 1981 ) is a French middle distance runner who specializes in the 800 metres and the 1500 metres .
James Battersby ( born 5 November 1958 ) is an Australian former national champion and Olympic level rower .
Hu Xiaolian ( Chinese : 胡晓炼 ; born 1958 ) is the Deputy Governor of the People 's Bank of China and the former director of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange in China .
Edwin M. Shook ( 22 November 1911 -- 9 March 2000 ) was an American archaeologist and Mayanist scholar , best known for his extensive field work and publications on pre - Columbian Maya civilization sites .
Donna Pope ( born 15 October 1931 in Cleveland , Ohio ) is a former Director of the United States Mint , appointed by President Ronald Reagan .
Kjell Landmark ( 14 October 1930 -- 21 October 2010 ) was a Norwegian poet and politician , born in Arendal .
Kevin Cashman , ( b. Dec. 25 , 1951 , United States ) is a bestselling author , keynote speaker and internationally recognized pioneer in the field of CEO and executive development .
Marion Borgelt ( born 1954 ) is a contemporary Australian artist based in Sydney .
Mariam de Bagration ( born 27 June 1947 in Madrid ) is a Spanish - Georgian noblewoman ( tavadi ) of the House of Mukhrani .
Barbara Rockemberg ( d. aft . 12 November 1463 ) , also known as Barbara Orientowa , was a Polish bourgeois lady who in her third marriage became Duchess of Racibórz , Krnov , Bruntál and Rybnik during 1451 - 1452 and Sovereign ruler over Pszczyna during 1452 - 1462 .
Nicolas Minassian ( born 28 February 1973 ) is a French professional racing driver of Armenian descent .
Peter Urbach ( 2 May 1940 -- 3 May 2011 ) was an informant and agent provocateur of the West Berlin domestic intelligence agency , the Verfassungsschutz , in the late 1960s and early 1970s .
Carlos L. Pedraja ( born 1955 ) was a member of the Fourth Quorum of the Seventy of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS Church ) .
Per Skjerwen Olsen ( born 26 September 1939 ) is a Norwegian ice hockey player and football player .
Armon Trick ( born 4 February 1978 in Rottweil , Germany ) is a retired German international rugby union player , formerly playing for the SC Neuenheim in the Rugby - Bundesliga and the German national rugby union team .
Mohammed Ahmed Alhassan ( born 21 January 1954 ) is a Ghanaian police officer and former United Nations official .
Thomas Hinderwell ( 1744 - -1825 ) was a British , eighteenth - century historian .
Sidney Cooke ( born 18 April 1927 ) is an English convicted child molester and suspected serial killer serving two life sentences .
Mustafa A.G. Abushagur ( Arabic : مصطفى ابوشاقور غيت ابوشاقور ; born 15 February 1951 ) is a Libyan politician , professor of electrical engineering , university president and entrepreneur .
Hugh of Die ( c. 1040 -- 1106 ) was a French papal legate , and Archbishop of Lyon from 1081 to 1106 .
Chuck Whelon ( born 1969 ) , is an internationally published author and cartoonist based in San Francisco California .
Rade Kotur , born circa 1952 is a Bosnian Serb living in Sweden , where he has run a gambling empire and been involved in organized crime .
Mariyan Ognyanov ( Bulgarian : Мариян Огнянов ; born 30 July 1988 in Lom ) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays for Botev Plovdiv as a midfielder .
Henri de Bernières ( c. 1635 -- 1700 ) was a French Catholic priest who served as the first resident pastor of Quebec in France 's American colony of New France .
Pat Pelly ( 12 November 1877 -- 20 February 1939 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Glyn Pardoe ( born 1 June 1946 ) is an English former footballer who played for Manchester City between 1962 and 1974 .
Conor Ramsay ( born 9 March 1993 ) is a Scottish professional footballer currently playing for Arthurlie in the Scottish Junior Football Association , West Region .
Joseph Brookbank , Brooksbank , or Brookesbank ( born 1612 ) was an English cleric and schoolmaster .
Danny Mrwanda ( born 6 April 1983 ) is a Tanzanian international footballer who plays as a striker for Vietnamese club Hoàng Anh Gia Lai .
George Wightwick Rendel ( 6 February 1833 -- 9 October 1902 ) was a British engineer , and naval architect .
Sonja Aldén ( born 20 December 1977 in St Albans , England ) is a Swedish singer mostly famous for her 2006 , 2007 and 2012 Melodifestivalen entries , and for working together with Shirley Clamp and Sanna Nielsen , as well as her songwriting for other artists .
William Ewen ( born c. 1720 -- died late 1776 or early 1777 ) was the first president of the Council of Safety of Georgia during the American Revolution .
Adolphe Moudiki ( born 10 December 1938 ) is a Cameroonian political figure who has been Director - General of the National Hydrocarbons Company ( Société nationale des hydrocarbures , SNH ) , the state oil company of Cameroon , since 1993 .
Aleksandr Petrenko ( Russian : Александр Петренко ; born 8 February 1983 ) is a Russian triple jumper .
Patrick Shen ( born 1975 ) is an American writer and award - winning director and producer of Flight from Death , a seven - time Best Documentary award - winning film .
Charles Peter Wroth ( 1929 - -1991 ) was a British Civil Engineer , a world pioneer in Geotechnical Engineering and Soil Mechanics .
Trésor Lomana LuaLua ( /ˈtrɛzɔːr ləˈmɑːnə luːˌɑːluːˈɑː/ ; born 28 December 1980 ) is a Congolese footballer who last played for Turkish Süper Lig club Akhisar Belediyespor and the Congo DR national team .
Irit Batsry ( born 1957 ) ) is an Israeli - American video artist .
Norman Nodel ( 1922 - 2000 ) was an American comics - illustrator , mostly known for his work in Classics Illustrated .
Hephaestio of Thebes ( b. AD 380 ) was an ancient writer on astrology .
Brock Enright ( born 1976 ) , is an artist , who was raised in Virginia Beach , Virginia .
Aldo Ortiz ( born 1961 ) , better known as Ricky Santana , is a professional wrestler who has worked for World Championship Wrestling , World Wrestling Federation , World Wrestling Council and the National Wrestling Alliance .
Medbh McGuckian ( born as Maeve McCaughan on 12 August 1950 ) is a poet from Northern Ireland .
Guillaume Joli ( born 27 March 1985 ) is a French handballer .
William Battie - Wrightson ( 6 October 1789 -- 10 February 1879 ) was a British landowner and Whig politician .
Yihua An ( born February 1970 ) is the chairmen of Stem Cell Transplantation Center ( also called as Department of Neural Stem Cells ) in the General Hospital of Chinese People 's Armed Police Forces .
Dominique Phinot ( c. 1510 -- c. 1556 ) was a Franco - Flemish composer of the Renaissance , active in Italy and southern France .
Eric Roozendaal ( born 16 March 1962 ) , a former Australian politician , was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Council , serving between 2004 and 2013 .
Alessi 's Ark is the musical project of Alessi Laurent - Marke ( born 30 June 1990 ) , a British singer - songwriter from Hammersmith in West London .
Jean - François Le Gall ( born 15 November 1959 ) is a French mathematician working in areas of probability theory such as Brownian motion , Lévy processes , superprocesses and their connections with partial differential equations , the Brownian snake , random trees , branching processes , stochastic coalescence and random planar maps .
Falaba Issa Traoré ( 1930 -- August 8 , 2003 ) was a Malian writer , comedian , playwright , and theatre and film director .
Yigal Mossinson ( alternate spellings include Igal Mossinsohn and Yigal Mosenzon ) ( 25 December 1917 -- 1 May 1994 ) was an Israeli novelist , playwright , and inventor .
Valerio Cioli ( or Cigoli or Giogoli ) ( 1529 - -1599 ) was an Italian sculptor
Karenanne Gussgard ( born 2 January 1940 ) is a retired Norwegian judge .
Bhakti Sharma ( born 30 November 1989 ) is an Indian Open water swimmer .
Anne Woodrooffe ( born Anne Cox ; 14 July 1766 ) was a 19th - century British author .
William E. Rodriguez ( 1879 - -1970 ) was an American socialist politician and lawyer .
Cosimo Pinto ( born 14 March 1943 ) is a retired Italian light heavyweight boxer who won a gold medal at the 1964 Olympics .
Ecaterina Oancia ( born 25 March 1954 in Sângeorgiu de Mureș ) is a Romanian rowing cox
Francesco Pio de Savoya y de Moura ( 1672 - -1723 ) was a Spanish nobleman who held numerous hereditary and awarded titles .
Josef Murr ( 6 June 1864 , Brixen -- 4 January 1932 , Innsbruck ) was an Austrian classical philologist and botanist .
Simon Thoreson ( May 29 , 1849 -- March 20 , 1918 ) was a merchant , businessman and elected official .
Luca Turin ( born 20 November 1953 ) is a biophysicist and writer with a long - standing interest in the sense of smell , perfumery , and the fragrance industry .
Markus von Jabornegg zu Gamsenegg und Moderndorf ( 17 March 1837 , Klagenfurt -- 6 May 1910 , Klagenfurt ) was an Austrian government official and botanist .
Alexander Sulkhanishvili ( Georgian : ალექსანდრე სულხანიშვილი ) ( born 1808 , Tbilisi ) was a Georgian translator and calligrapher of the 19th century .
Spencer McLaren ( born 28 February 1973 , Sydney ) is an Australian theatre actor and television actor .
John Rogers Maxwell , Sr . ( 1846 -- December 10 , 1910 ) was Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Central Railroad of New Jersey , for many years President of the Atlas Portland Cement Company .
Paul Sheedy ( born 16 February 1981 ) , is an Australian former professional rugby footballer .
Thomas Haigh ( 1769 - -1808 ) , was a violinist , pianist , and composer .
Hussein El - Sayed ( Arabic : حسين السيد‎ ; born 11 December 1964 ) , is a former Egyptian professional footballer .
Lionel de Fonseka or Fonseka - Varnasuriya ( born 27 October 1889 ) was a Sinhalese writer and art critic , best known for On the Truth of Decorative Art ( 1912 ) .
Kenni Arendt Larsen ( born 14 June 1988 ) , known as both Kenni Arendt and Kenni Larsen , is a Danish speedway rider .
Lars Svenonius ( 1927 , Skellefteå -- September 27 , 2010 , Silver Spring , Maryland ) was a Swedish logician and philosopher .
Malachy Bernard Loye ( born 27 September 1972 ) , most commonly known as Mal Loye , is an English cricketer who has played first class cricket for Northamptonshire , Lancashire , and England A. Loye is a right - handed batsman , particularly well known for his slog sweep shot against fast bowlers .
Patrick J. Ballantine ( born 17 March 1965 in Grand Forks , North Dakota ) , an attorney from Wilmington , North Carolina , was a Republican member of the North Carolina General Assembly , rising to become the Senate Minority Leader and the Republican Party 's nominee for Governor in 2004 .
Patrick Giles - Jones ( born 9 December 1982 in Waratah , New South Wales ) is an Australian born Japanese cricketer .
Surjit Singh Sethi was born at Gujarkhan , Rawalpindi , Pakistan in 1928 .
Giorgos Chionidis ( Greek : Γιώργος Χιονίδης ; born 25 June 1991 ) is a Greek footballer who plays for Iraklis in the Greek Football League as a Striker .
Edward Muhl ( 1907 - 2001 ) was an American businessman and executive best known for being head of production for Universal Pictures from the 1953 until his retirement in 1973 .
Oscar Zárate ( born 1942 ) is an Argentine comic book artist and illustrator .
Shawn Robinson ( 1974 -- July 28 , 2015 ) was an American stuntman who performed stunts in over the span of 20 years , including films such as Guardians of the Galaxy , the Transformers film series , Hook , Behind Enemy Lines , War of the Worlds and more recently Captain America :
Alisdair Hogarth ( born 14 October 1980 ) is a British - born classical pianist , best known for his creation and direction of the vocal ensemble , The Prince Consort , which focuses on piano - accompanied song .
Giovanni Lentini the Elder ( 1830 in Trapani , Sicily -- 1898 ) was an Italian painter and scenic designer .
Maxime Pedneaud - Jobin ( born 1968 ) is a Canadian politician , who was elected Mayor of Gatineau in the city 's 2013 municipal election .
Bejan Matur ( born 14 September 1968 , Kahramanmaraş ) is a Turkish author and columnist , writing for Zaman since 2005 .
Marco Kotze ( born 25 August 1986 in Germiston , South Africa ) is a South African rugby union player , currently playing with the Australian Super Rugby side the Reds .
Francisco Hernández Juárez ( born 3 September 1949 ) is a Mexican trade union leader politician from the Party of the Democratic Revolution .
Muhammed - Gabdulkhay Kurbangaliev ( Bashkir : Мөхәмәтғәбделхәй Ҡорбанғәлиев , Russian : Мухамме́д-Габдулха́й Курбангали́ев , Japanese : ムハンマド・ガブドゥルハイ・クルバンガリー , 1889 - -1972 ) was a Bashkir religious leader , public and political figure in the early 20th century .
Christian Watt was born in 1833 in Broadsea , the fishertown of Fraserburgh .
Jackson Mendes da Silva ( born 4 January 1991 ) is a French professional footballer who currently plays as a striker for Arles - Avignon .
Louis Nganga a Ndzando ( 1923 -- February 13 , 2014 ) was a Congolese prelate of the Roman Catholic Church .
Jan Ekier ( 29 August 1913 -- 15 August 2014 ) was a Polish pianist and composer known for his authoritative edition of Chopin 's music for the Polish National Edition .
Tetyana Hladyr ( Ukrainian : Тетяна Гладир , born 17 April 1975 ) is a retired Ukrainian long - distance runner .
Sheeba Chaddha ( born 1973 ) is an Indian film , stage and television actress .
Lt .- Colonel The Hon . William McGillivray ( 1764 -- October 16 , 1825 ) , of Chateau St. Antoine , Montreal , was a Scottish - born fur trader who succeeded his uncle as the last chief partner of the North West Company .
Tomoko Miho ( née Kawakami , September 2 , 1931 , Los Angeles USA - February 10 , 2012 ) was a Japanese - American designer and recipient of the 1993 Aiga Medal .
John Richard Cockwell OBE ( born 1939 ) is a British - born Falkland Islands politician who served as a Member of the Legislative Council for the Camp constituency from 1997 until 2001 , and then as a member for the Stanley constituency from 2001 until 2009 .
Yinyu Ye ( Chinese : 叶荫宇 ; pinyin : Yè Yīnyǔ ; born 1948 ) is a Chinese American theoretical computer scientist working on mathematical optimization .
Alexander Weimann ( born 1965 in Munich ) is a German conductor and harpsichordist .
Ken Beck ( born 4 August 1940 ) is a retired Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Tara Hitchcock ( born 1971 ) is an American journalist and news anchor .
John McKinnon Crawford was born on 11 April 1931 at Hamilton , South Lanarkshire where his father , Alexander , was Town Officer .
William Mauricio Beltrán Cely ( b. 1973 - ) --
Henry Coles ( born 11 March 1951 ) is a retired Australian rules footballer , who played for Collingwood and Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Julian Dawson ( born 4 July 1954 , London , England ) is a British singer -- songwriter , guitarist and author .
Yehuda ( Leo ) Levi ( born 1926 ) was Rector and Professor of Electro - optics at the Jerusalem College of Technology .
Scott Oldham ( born 1969 ) is Vice President of Editorial for Edmunds Inc. 's Edmunds.com where he is responsible for the quality and direction of content published .
Ram Naik ( born 16 April 1934 ) is a veteran Indian politician from the BJP , presently the Governor of Uttar Pradesh
Çiğdem y Mirol ( born 1983 , Ankara , Turkey ) is a contemporary Turkish writer who proposes `` bookperformance '' as an alternative literary expression .
George Hubert Padgett ( born 9 October 1931 , Silkstone , Batley , Yorkshire , England ) is an English former first - class cricketer , who played in six matches for Yorkshire County Cricket Club in 1952 .
Ruslan Basiev ( born 20 June 1979 ) is a former Armenian and Russian Freestyle wrestler of Ossetian descent .
Edward Thomas Branch ( 1811 - -1861 ) was a Republic of Texas legislator and Judge , and after the annexation of Texas to the United States , served briefly as Speaker of the Texas House of Representatives Branch was born 6 December 1811 in Richmond , Virginia .
Gerry Laffy ( born 4 January 1960 in Hoxton , London ) is a singer and guitarist who has played in the bands Girl , London Cowboys , Sheer Greed , John Taylor , and Ultravox among others .
Anne Enger , formerly Anne Enger Lahnstein ( born 9 December 1949 ) is a Norwegian politician , but out of politics for the moment , as she is County Governor of Østfold .
S. Narasinga Rao ( born 1938 in Krishnagiri , Tamil Nadu , India ) is an American academic and former Dean of Jackson College of Graduate Studies and Research at the University of Central Oklahoma ( 1996 - -2006 ) .
William Blyth Gerish ( 1864 - -1921 ) was an English antiquarian , biographer and folklorist from Hertfordshire .
Sarah Flannery ( born 1982 , County Cork , Ireland ) was , at sixteen years old , the winner of the 1999 Esat Young Scientist Exhibition for development of the Cayley--
David Nitschmann der Wagner , or David `` Father '' Nitschmann , Sr . , ( 1676 , Zauchtenthal / Suchdol nad Odrou - 1758 , Pennsylvania ) was a Czech - born Moravian missionary and carpenter .
Risto Bimbiloski is a Macedonian fashion designer , born in 1975 and based in Paris .
Gottfried Lumper ( 6 February 1747 -- 8 March 1800 ( Hefele says 1801 ) ) was a German Benedictine patristic writer .
Kingsley Madu ( born 12 December 1995 ) is a Nigerian footballer who plays as left - back for Slovak club AS Trenčín .
Kurt Rudolph ( born 3 April 1929 ) is a German researcher of Gnosticism and Mandaeism .
Dimitry Imbongo ( born 28 March 1990 ) is a Congolese - born French footballer who plays as a striker for Kapfenberger SV .
Emanuele Calaiò ( born 8 January 1982 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Serie B side Spezia as a striker .
Hu Haiyan ( Chinese : 胡海岩 ; born 1956 ) is the president of Beijing Institute of Technology .
Filipp Makharadze ( Georgian : ფილიპე მახარაძე , Russian : Филипп Махарадзе ; 1868 - -1941 ) was a Georgian Bolshevik revolutionary and government official .
Ben Rivers ( born in 1972 ) is an artist and experimental filmmaker based in London .
Murray Saltzman ( November 26 , 1929 -- January 5 , 2010 ) was an American reform Jewish rabbi and civil rights leader .
Thomas Wildey ( 1782 - -1861 ) was the founder of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows ( IOOF ) in North America .
Liao Yibai ( 廖一百 , Jiangan , 1971 ) is a Chinese sculptor who specializes in giant silver stainless steel pop - art sculptures .
Andrew Bomford ( born 19 July 1974 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon and the Sydney Swans in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
George E. Hibbard ( 1924 - -1991 ) was a Saint Louis - born American art collector , and expert on Tibetan art and culture .
Imre Z. Ruzsa ( born 23 July 1953 ) is a Hungarian mathematician specializing in number theory .
Fabrizio Verospi ( 1571 - 27 January 1639 ) was an Italian Catholic Cardinal and a curial judicial official .
Giovanni Sala ( born 23 November 1963 ) is an Italian enduro rider and a six - time World Enduro Champion ( including the overall world championship title in 1998 ) .
Abraham Pruijs van der Hoeven ( Leiden , 30 March 1829 - Brussels , 7 January 1907 ) was a governor of Nanggröe Aceh Darussalam a northern region of the island of Sumatra .
Mikaela Lindh ( born 17 December 1969 ) is Finnish dressage rider .
Lo Kin - hei ( Chinese : 羅健熙 ; born 1 June 1984 ) is the Vice - Chairman of the Democratic Party and Souther District Councillor for Lei Tung II constituency .
Valentine Greatrakes ( 14 February 1628 -- 28 November 1682 ) , also known as `` Greatorex '' or `` The Stroker '' , was an Irish faith healer who toured England in 1666 , claiming to cure people by the laying on of hands .
Frank Busemann ( born 26 February 1975 in Recklinghausen ) is a former German decathlete .
Mia Hägg , born 1970 in Umeå , is a Swedish architect running a practice in Paris , France called Habiter Autrement ( HA ) .
Aliona Dubitskaya ( Belarusian : Алена Дубіцкая ; born 25 January 1990 ) is a Belarusian athlete whose specialty is the shot put .
Ron Robertson - Swann OAM ( born 1941 , Sydney ) , is an Australian sculptor , best known for his controversial abstract public sculpture Vault ( 1980 ) .
Patrick James Cummins , popularly as Pat Cummins , ( born 8 May 1993 ) is an Australian cricketer .
William Luson Thomas ( London 4 December 1830 -- 1900 ) was an English wood engraver and the founder of various British newspapers .
Edward Fitzgibbon ( 1803 - -1857 ) , was an Irish writer , using the pseudonym Ephemera .
Ron Shamir ( Hebrew : רון שמיר ; born 29 November 1953 ) is an Israeli professor of computer science known for his work in graph theory and in computational biology .
Julian Musiol ( born 4 April 1986 ) is a German ski jumper of Polish descent ( by his father ) .
Adrian Kleinbergen ( born 1961 ) is a Canadian artist , born in Edmonton , Alberta .
Michiel Antonius Adrianus Beelen , better known as Giel Beelen ( born in Haarlem , on 25 May 1977 ) is a Dutch radio DJ and presenter , working primarily for left - wing public broadcaster VARA .
Heinz Norden ( born London , 1905 , died London , 1978 from injuries sustained in hit - and - run traffic accident ) was an author , translator , tenant rights leader , and editor of Heute .
Han Jung - kook ( Hangul : 한정국 ; born 19 July 1971 ) is a South Korean footballer .
Leonard Sims ( born 1916 ) is a World War II veteran who was beaten violently in a carjacking by Deonte Bradley .
Uri Fineman ( Hebrew : אורי פיינמן‎ , born 1959 ) is an Israeli singer and composer .
Roberto Bisacco ( born 1 March 1939 ) is an Italian television , stage and film actor .
Fritz Kocher ( born 6 April 1928 ) was a Swiss cross country skier who competed in the 1950s and 1960s .
Hassan Mohammed ( born 20 January 1980 ) is a Malaysian cricketer .
Milena Mileva Blažić ( born 12 September 1956 in Popuže , Bosnia and Herzegovina ) is a Slovenian literary historian and university professor .
Andrea Grendene ( born 4 July 1986 ) is a former Italian professional road bicycle racer , who rode as a professional between 2009 and 2011 .
Chang Yuchun ( 1330 - -1369),the han people courtesy name Boren and art name Yanheng , was a Chinese military general .
Lorenzo Rosseti ( born 5 August 1994 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Cesena , on loan from Juventus , as a striker .
Holly Sklar ( born 1955 ) is an author and syndicated columnist , policy analyst and strategist whose articles have appeared in hundreds of newspapers and online outlets as well as The Nation , and other publications .
Dagny Tande Lid ( 25 May 1903 -- 28 January 1998 ) was a Norwegian painter , illustrator and poet .
Lloyd Espenschied ( 27 April 1889 -- June 1 , 1986 ) was an American electrical engineer who invented the modern coaxial cable with Herman Andrew Affel .
Deana Lawson ( 1979 , born in Rochester , New York ) , is an American photographer .
Hilary Momberger ( born June 16 , 1962 ) is a former child actress from the late 1960s and early 1970s .
Chris Ewan ( born 6 October 1976 ) is a British crime and mystery writer .
Mashhoor bin Saud bin Abdulaziz Al Saud ( 1954 - 2004 ) was a member of House of Saud
Brenessa Thompson ( born 22 July 1996 ) is a Guyanese sprinter who specializes in 100 m and 200 m .
Alice Beck Kehoe ( born 1934 , New York City ) is an anthropologist .
Paolo Bonolis ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈpaːolo boˈnɔːlis ) ; born 14 June 1961 ) is an Italian television host .
Francisco Javier Muñiz ( 21 December 1795 -- 8 April 1871 ) was an Argentine colonel , legislator , and medical doctor .
Panagiotis Vlachodimos ( Greek : Παναγιώτης Βλαχοδήμος , born 12 October 1991 ) is a Greek footballer who plays as a winger in Super League club Panathinaikos .
Winthrop Smillie Boggs ( 1902 - -1974 ) was a philatelist renowned for his expertise and philatelic writing .
Zeynep Korkmaz ( born 5 July 1922 ) is a prominent Turkish scholar and dialectologist .
Sir Bernard Ingham ( born 21 June 1932 ) is a British journalist and former civil servant who is best known as Margaret Thatcher 's chief press secretary while she was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1979 to 1990 .
Sunny Varkey ( born in 1957 in Kerala , India ) is a non - resident Indian , Dubai - based education entrepreneur and education philanthropist .
Leigh Brockman ( born 23 July 1978 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong and Sydney Swans in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Walter - André Destailleur ( born Thais , Seine , 12 June 1867 ; died March 1940 ) was a French architect , who designed and built the Château de Trévarez ( 1893 - -1907 ) .
Queen Heonae ( Hangul : 헌애왕후 , Hanja : 獻哀王后 ) ( 964 - -1029 ) , also known as Queen Dowager Cheonchu ( 천추태후 , 千秋太后 ) , was the third Queen consort of King Gyeongjong of Goryeo .
John J. Byrne ( 1931 -- March 7 , 2013 ) was an American longtime insurance industry executive who was CEO of GEICO , White Mountains Insurance Group and Fireman 's Fund .
Rhian Samuel , born in Aberdare , Wales in 1944 , is a Welsh composer .
Khishigdalain Battulga ( Mongolian : Хишигдалайн Баттулга ; born 3 September 1974 ) is a Mongolian international footballer .
Buxton Popoali'i ( born 4 December 1989 ) is a former rugby union player who played club rugby for Dunedin side Green Island provincial ITM Cup rugby for Wellington between 2008 and 2010 and for Otago between 2011 and 2013 .
Magnar Solberg ( born 4 February 1937 ) is a former Norwegian biathlete and police officer .
Hanoch Zeibert ( Hebrew : חנוך זייברט‎ ; born 1960 ) is an Israeli rabbi , politician and current ( fifteen ) mayor of the Israeli city of Bnei Brak .
Igor Lazko ( Russian : Игорь Лазько , Russian pronunciation : ( ˈiɡər ˈlasʲkə ) ) , ( b. St Petersburg , 1949 ) , is a Russian classical pianist who has made a distinguished international career as performer , recording artist and teacher of other pianists .
Rocco Gardner was born Roland Gardner on 21 June 1979 in London to British entrepreneur Alison Gardner .
Alberto Rodríguez Oliver ( born 26 August 1982 in Santa Coloma de Gramenet ) is a Spanish professional road racing cyclist since 2005 , currently riding for Grupo Nicolás Mateos - Murcia .
An Na ( born 1972 ) is a South Korea - born American children 's book author .
Eros Luciano Walter Ramazzotti ( born 28 October 1963 ) , known simply as Eros Ramazzotti , is an Italian musician and singer - songwriter .
Rev. Frederick James Jobson D.D. ( 6 July 1812 -- 4 Jan 1881 ) - commonly styled F. J. Jobson - painter , architect and Wesleyan Methodist minister , became President of the Methodist Conference in the late 1860s , and Treasurer of the `` Wesleyan Methodist Foreign Mission Society '' 1869 - -1882 .
Annabel Crabb ( born February 1973 ) is an Australian political journalist and commentator who is the ABC 's chief online political writer .
Oksen Mirzoyan ( Armenian : Օգսեն Միրզոյան , born 11 June 1961 ) is a former Soviet Armenian weightlifter and European , World and Olympic Champion .
Edgar Bernhardt ( Russian : Эдгар Бернхардт ; born 30 March 1986 ) is a Kyrgyzstani - German footballer who plays for Al - Oruba SC in Oman Professional League .
Jarrin Solomon ( born 11 January 1986 ) is a Trinidadian track and field sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres .
Prince Franz Wilhelm of Prussia ( Franz Wilhelm Victor Christoph Stephan ; born 3 September 1943 ) is a German businessman and member of the House of Hohenzollern , the former ruling German imperial house and royal house of Prussia .
James A. Nicholas ( 1921 -- July 15 , 2006 ) was an orthopedic surgeon and a pioneer in the treatment of athletic injuries who was best known for performing four knee operations that saved the career of Hall of Fame quarterback Joe Namath .
Dzmitry Zinovich ( Belarusian : Дзмiтры Зiнович ; Russian : Дмитрий Зинович ; born 29 March 1995 ) is a Belarusian footballer .
Timothy Ravalde ( born 1988 ) is an English organist and the current Assistant Organist of Chichester Cathedral .
Alexandra Potter ( born 1970 ) is a British author of romantic comedies .
N. N. Rimzon ( born 1957 ) is an Indian artist known primarily for his symbolic and enigmatic sculptures .
John Veltri is a photographer who was born in 1938 in New Jersey .
Jenny Cowern ( 1943 - -2005 ) was a visual , multi - media artist , who took inspiration from the natural surroundings of her adopted county , Cumbria , to produce some of the most dramatic and lasting images of nature .
Andrew Dan - Jumbo ( born 25 June 1965 ) is a builder and co - host on the home improvement reality television series Operation Build .
Nathan Schneider ( born 1984 ) is a journalist and author who covers religion and political movements in the United States .
Jean - Jacques Avril , `` the elder '' ( 1744 - -1831 ) , was a French artist and reproductive engraver born in Paris who made about 540 engravings , some of large dimensions .
George Henry Harrison ( 1816 - -1846 ) was an English water - colour painter .
Hozan Canê ( born 1971 ) is a contemporary Kurdish singer .
Jeremy William Fredric Smith ( born 1 July 1990 ) , better known as Jeremy Irvine , is an English actor who made his film debut in the epic war film War Horse ( 2011 ) .
Philip Avery ( born 15 November 1959 ) is a meteorologist and BBC Weather forecaster .
Rumyan Hovsepyan ( Armenian : Ռումյան Հովսեփյան , born 13 November 1991 ) is an Armenian football player who plays for the Armenian national team .
Michael Dunlop ( born 10 April 1989 ) is a Northern Irish professional motorcycle racer .
Melvyn Smith ( 11 November 1955 -- May 12 , 2015 ) was an astronautics consultant and spaceflight writer , and a Fellow of the British Interplanetary Society , He wrote Illustrated History of the Space Shuttle 1985 , which was reprinted twice ( 1986 and 1989 ) .
James Church Cropsey ( 1872 - June 16 , 1937 ) was a New York City Police Commissioner and a New York State Supreme Court judge .
Michael Quinion ( born c. 1943 ) is a British etymologist and writer .
Ola Tjørhom ( b. 1953 in Stavanger ) is a Norwegian former Lutheran professor of theology who converted to Roman Catholicism on January 25 , 2003 .
Jürgen Klinsmann ( German pronunciation : ( ˈjʏʁɡŋ̩ ˈkliːnsˌman ) , born 30 July 1964 ) is a German football manager and former player who is currently the head coach of the United States men 's national soccer team .
Jonas Baes is a Philippine composer born in Los Baños , Laguna in 1961 .
Dominique Pifarély ( born 1957 ) is a French jazz violinist .
José Joaquín Aguirre Campos ( 1822 , Los Andes - 22 January 1901 , Cartagena ) was a Chilean medic , politician and educator .
Johanna Fernández ( born 1982 ) was the Costa Rican contestant at the Miss Universe 2005 pageant .
Tabrett Bethell ( born 13 May 1981 ) is an Australian film , television , and theater actress , best known for portraying the character Cara Mason in the television series Legend of the Seeker .
Annibale Padovano ( 1527 -- March 15 , 1575 ) was an Italian composer and organist of the late Renaissance Venetian School .
Károly Brocky , or Charles Brocky , who was born at Banat , in Hungary , in 1808 , was the son of a hairdresser , who died whilst his son was still young .
Diane D'Aquila ( born 1953 ) is an American - Canadian actress .
Clarence Harrison ( born 1959 ) was wrongly convicted in 1987 for the kidnapping , rape and robbery of a 25-year - old - woman in Decatur , Georgia .
Freddy Morgan ( 1908 - 1990 ) was a Welsh boxer who held the Welsh flyweight title in 1928 .
Ñuflo de Chaves , also : `` Ñuflo de Chávez '' , ( 1518 - -1568 ) was a Spanish conquistador .
Charles Phoenix ( born 1962 ) is an American pop culture humorist , historian , author and chef whose work explores and celebrates 1950s and 1960s kitsch and Americana .
Richard Ronald John Copeland ( 1884 - -1958 ) was the president and chairman from 1913 of the Spode - Copeland firm of bone china manufacturers in Staffordshire .
Siegfried Tiefensee ( 20 October 1922 -- 24 March 2009 ) was a German musician and conductor .
Matthew Kantakouzenos or Cantacuzenus ( Greek : Ματθαίος Ασάνης Καντακουζηνός , Matthaios Asanēs Kantakouzēnos , c. 1325 -- 15 June 1383 ) was Byzantine Emperor from 1353 to 1357 .
Countess Louise Wachtmeister ( born 28 April 1978 ) is a Swedish entrepreneur , athlete , and political activist .
Robert Felt ( 1953 - -2002 ) was a computer programmer , USCF - rated chess Expert , Tennessee Junior chess champion , and champion Scrabble player .
Robert Anastas - ( b 1934 in Hudson , MA ) is a former hockey coach and teacher at Wayland High School , in Wayland , Massachusetts .
Daniel Westmattelmann ( born 31 October 1987 in Ahlen ) is a German road racing cyclist riding for Team Kuota - Lotto .
Hormazd Narielwalla ( born 1979 ) is a collage artist , based in London , a PhD from the London College of Fashion at the University of the Arts , London , .
Colin McQueen ( born 12 February 1956 ) is an Australian retired sprinter that specialised in the 200 and 400 metres .
Joel D. Heck ( born 1 October 1948 ) is Professor of Theology at Concordia University Texas and Executive Editor of Concordia University Press .
Luísa Isabella Nolasco da Silva ( born 23 June 1988 ) , better known as Isabella Leong , is a Hong Kong - based Macanese actress and former singer .
Theodericus Ulsenius , the Latin version of the Frisian Dirk van Ulsen ( c. 1460 -- c. 1508 ) , was a Renaissance humanist and physician .
Xun Fangying ( Chinese : 荀芳颖 ; pinyin : Xún Fāngyǐng ; born 14 February 1995 ) is a professional Chinese tennis player .
Max Joseph Pettenkofer , ennobled in 1883 as Max Joseph von Pettenkofer ( 3 December 1818 -- 10 February 1901 ) , Bavarian chemist and hygienist , was born in Lichtenheim , near Neuburg an der Donau , now part of Weichering .
Lisa Harrow , ONZM ( born 25 August 1943 ) is an actress , noted for her roles in British theatre , films and television .
Frida Baranek ( born 1961 Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian sculptor .
Rose Mukantabana ( born 31 August 1961 ) is a lawyer and women 's rights activist .
Anna Chalon ( born 30 October 1989 ) , also known under the stage name Kiddo , is a French singer - songwriter , guitarist , and performer .
Elsie March , daughter of George Henry March and his wife Elizabeth Blenkin , was born on 3 October 1884 in Kingston upon Hull in the East Riding of Yorkshire , England .
Born in Dublin in 1952 , Liam Mac Cóil lives in the Gaeltacht of Ráth Cairn , County Meath .
Andre Coley ( born 22 September 1974 in Jamaica ) is a Jamaican cricket player .
Joanna Troutman also Johanna Troutman ( 19 February 1818 -- 23 July 1879 ) sewed a flag for a battalion of Georgia volunteers who were leaving to fight in the Texas Revolution .
Rafael Mas Hernández ( 1950 -- January 23 , 2003 ) was a Spanish geographer .
Sir Ralph Delaval , 1st Baronet ( 13 October 1622 -- 29 August 1691 ) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1659 and 1685 .
Salah Abdel - Shafi ( born 1962 in Gaza City ) is a Palestinian economist , and the current Palestinian ambassador to Austria and permanent observer to the United Nations in Vienna , holding the position since September 2013 .
Mohammad Saifuddin ( born : 1 November 1996 ) is a Bangladeshi first - class cricketer .
Thomas Minors ( 16 October 1609 - September 1677 ) was an English merchant and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1654 and 1660 .
Phyllis Morse ( Anderson ) ( b. 1934 ) is an American archaeologist .
Tova Dorothea Magnusson ( born 18 June 1968 ) , also credited under her former married name as Tova Magnusson Norling , is a Swedish film and television actress ; comedian ; and film director .
Michael Osborne ( born 29 July 1982 ) is a retired Australian rules footballer who is currently serving as a development coach with the Carlton Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Steven Kapur ( born 11 May 1967 ) , better known by the stage name Apache Indian , is a British singer / song writer and reggae DJ . He is noted for a distinctive vocal style that is a fusion of Indian , Jamaican and English cultural elements .
David Oxley ( 7 November 1920 -- 30 October 1985 ) was an English actor who made many film and television appearances over a 35-year period .
Gerard Henderson ( born 10 September 1945 ) is an Australian author , columnist and political commentator .
Shane O'Bree ( born 15 March 1979 ) is a former professional Australian rules football player , who is currently serving as an assistant coach with the Geelong Football Club .
Rod de Highden ( born 15 January 1969 ) is an Australian distance runner .
Takeshi Nishimoto ( born 1974 ) is a classically trained guitarist and composer who is conversant with European , Northern Indian , and American jazz classical traditions .
Martin Andreasson(born 1 October 1970 in Malmö ) , is a Swedish Liberal People 's Party politician , a member of the Riksdag 2002 - -2006 .
Ignatius Cadette , born 3 March 1957 in Castries , St Lucia , is a former West Indian cricketer who played first - class and List A cricket for Windward Islands and the Combined Islands cricket team in the 1970s and 1980s as a batsman and wicketkeeper .
Charles R. Conn ( born 22 August 1961 ) is Warden of Rhodes House , Oxford , the global CEO of the Rhodes Trust and the Rhodes Scholarships .
Simon Kernick ( born 25 January 1966 in Slough , Berkshire ) is a British thriller / crime writer now living in Oxfordshire with his two daughters Amy and Rachel .
Andrea Occhipinti ( born 12 September 1957 ) is an Italian actor and producer ( Lucky Red ) .
Wendy Machin ( born 14 October 1958 in Wingham , New South Wales ) , was the president of the National Roads and Motorists ' Association ( NRMA ) .
Pavol Červenák ( born 1 July 1987 ) , and also spelled Pavol Cervenak , is a professional tennis player from Slovak Republic .
Brendan Nyhan ( i/ˈbrɛndɨn ˈnaɪɨn/ born 1978 ) is an American political scientist .
Athina Cenci ( born 13 March 1946 ) , is a Greek - born Italian former actress , stand - up comedian and politician .
Lukasz Jogalla ( also known as Lucas Jogalla or Luckasz Jogalla ; born 17 January 1961 ) is an American cinematographer who has worked on many feature films .
Karin Kessow ( born 8 January 1954 , married name Karin Drbal ) is a retired German speed skater who won the World All - Round Speed Skating Championships in 1975 .
Georgina Terry ( born 1990 ) is a British actress best known for her role as the title role in the 2003 ITV production of Pollyanna , which is based upon the novel by Eleanor H. Porter .
Danny Hudson ( born 25 June 1979 ) is an English footballer who played in The Football League for Rotherham United .
Mick Andrews ( born 5 July 1944 ) , is an English former international motorcycle trials rider .
Angie Abdou ( born 11 May 1969 ) is a Canadian fiction writer .
Peter Temple ( born 1946 in South Africa ) is an award - winning Australian crime fiction writer .
Lexa Roséan ( born May 1958 ) , is an American Wiccan high priestess and an initiated neo - Gardnerian Minoan witch , dancer and writer .
Bernardino Halbherr ( 21 July 1844 , Rovereto-31 March 1934 , Rovereto ) was an Italian entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera and Heteroptera .
Edith Anne Robertson ( 1883 - -1973 ) was a Scottish poet who wrote in both the English and Scots tongues .
Lady Agnes Surriage Frankland ( 1726 -- April 23 , 1783 ) was an American tavern maid who married Sir Charles Henry ( `` Harry '' ) Frankland , a British baronet .
William Morgan Blake ( February , 1889 -- July 26 , 1953 ) was an early 20th - century American sportswriter in the South who in his 24 years on the job covered seven Rose Bowl games .
Miguel Ángel Cuéllar ( born 25 September 1982 ) is a Paraguayan footballer that currently plays for Primera División Paraguaya club Rubio Ñu as striker .
Dmytro Khovbosha ( born 5 February 1989 , Soviet Union ) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for Zorya in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Peter Shotton ( born 4 August 1941 ) , commonly referred to as Pete Shotton , is an English businessman and former washboard player .
Mert Otsamo ( 3 September 1990 in Oulu ) is a Finnish Fashion Designer .
John Neff ( born 1931 ) is one of the best known mutual fund investors of the past 40 years , notable for his contrarian and value investing styles as well as heading Vanguard 's Windsor Fund .
Cristian Bertani ( born 14 March 1981 ) is an Italian footballer who was suspended for 3 year and 6 month since August 2012 .
Sister Eugenia Logvinovna Lashnyukova ( 1891 , Mogilev , Russian Empire -- ? ) was an Orthodox ( later the Greek - Catholic ) nun .
Jack Yabsley ( born 6 October 1985 ) is an Australian Television presenter , screenwriter , and actor , having worked extensively in Children 's TV .
Denis Pettiaux ( 1956 ) is a Belgian acrobat and former referee of the EBU production Jeux Sans Frontières .
Joseph Alan Ormrod ( born 22 December 1942 in Ramsbottom , Lancashire ) is a former English first class cricketer who played with Worcestershire .
José Elguero Bertolini ( born 1934 ) is a Spanish chemist best known for his contributions to heterocyclic chemistry .
Yahor Maistrov ( also : Egor Maistrov , born 14 February 1988 ) is a Belarusian former competitive ice dancer .
Elana Eden ( Hebrew : אילנה עדן‎ ; born 1 May 1940 ) is an Israeli actress of film , television , and theatre , best known for her film debut as the title role in 20th Century Fox 's biblical epic The Story of Ruth ( 1960 ) .
Orest Onofrei ( born 17 March 1957 in Marginea ) is a Romanian veterinarian and politician .
John Parricida ( German : Johann Parricida ) or John the Parricide ( see : Parricide ) , also called John of Swabia ( Johann von Schwaben ) , ( ca . 1290 -- 13 December 1312/13 ) was the son of the Habsburg duke Rudolf II of Austria .
Svetlana Stepankovskaya ( Russian : Светлана Степанковская ; born 1985 ) is a Russian model and is the 1st Runner - up of Miss Russia 2009 .
Henry Jolles ( 28 November 1902 - 16 July 1965 ) , born Heinz - Frederic Jolles , was a German pianist and composer .
Jennifer Podemski ( born 1974 ) is a Canadian film and television actress and producer .
Rena Buckley ( born 1987 ) in Cork is a camogie player , gaelic footballer and physiotherapist , winner of All Ireland medals in 2006 , 2008 and 2009 .
Teresa Pizarro de Angulo ( c. 1930 - April 29 , 2000 ) was a Colombian beauty pageant director and farmer .
David Riondino ( born 10 June 1952 ) is an Italian actor , singer - songwriter , comedian , writer , playwright , screenwriter , director and composer .
Edward Evanson ( 21 April 1731 -- 25 September 1805 ) was a controversial English clergyman .
Joel Makower ( born 19 February 1952 in Oakland , California ) is an entrepreneur , writer , and strategist on sustainable business , clean technology , and green marketing .
Shi - Yeon Sung ( born 1975 , Busan ) is a South Korean classical conductor .
Marie de Garis MBE ( née Le Messurier ) ( 15 June 1910 -- 10 August 2010 ) was a Guernsey author and lexicographer , who wrote the Dictiounnaire Angllais - Guernésiais ( English - Guernésiais dictionary ) , the first edition of which was published in 1967 .
Paul Giovanni ( June 2 , 1933 -- June 17 , 1990 ) was an American playwright , actor , director , singer and musician .
Sally Peake ( born 8 February 1986 ) is a British track and field athlete who specialises in the pole vault .
István Csoknyai ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈiʃtvaːn ˈtʃokɲɒi ) ; born 24 October 1964 in Dunaújváros ) is a former Hungarian international handball player and handball coach , who currently works as the head coach of Balatonfüredi KSE .
Aaron Shattock ( born 2 May 1980 ) is a premiership - winning Australian rules footballer who played with the Brisbane Lions and Port Adelaide in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Jonas Bjerre Terkelsbøl ( born 21 September 1976 ) is the lead singer of Danish rock band Mew .
Anastasia Nabokina ( Russian : Анастасия Павловна Набокина ) is a Russian ballerina born on 14 February 1971 in Moscow , Russia .
Mihaela Marinova ( Bulgarian : Михаела Маринова , born 7 May 1998 ) is a Bulgarian singer and songwriter mostly known from her participation in the 2014 season of Bulgarian X Factor where she finished in third place .
Ján Figeľ ( born 20 January 1960 ) is a Slovak politician who was European Commissioner for Education , Training & Culture from 2004 to 2009 .
Morgan Zeba ( born 24 August 1974 ) is a Swedish professional footballer who played professionally in the United States .
Troy Fletcher ( born 1 September 1973 ) is an Australian retired professional rugby league footballer of the late ' 90s and early ' 00s .
Mark Lewisohn ( born 16 June 1958 ) is an English author and historian , regarded as one of the world 's leading authorities on the English rock band the Beatles .
Neda Karafili ( born 5 January 1991 , in Kavajë ) is an Albanian author , activist and former TV personality .
Stephen Rea ( /ˈreɪ/ ray ; born 31 October 1946 ) is an Irish film and stage actor .
Hakainde Hichilema ( born 4 June 1962 ) is a Zambian businessman and politician serving as President of the opposition United Party for National Development .
Hassan Sattar ( known as Sattar , Persian : ستار ‎‎ , born 19 November 1949 ) is an Iranian Pop - tenor , Oratorio singer with specialization in both Persian pop and classical music .
Diana G. Gallagher ( born March 14 , 1946 ) is an American author who writes books for children and young adults based on television series .
Captain Robert Bennet Forbes ( 1804 -- November 23 , 1889 ) , was a sea captain , China merchant , ship owner , and writer .
Peter Taaffe ( born 1942 ) is a British political activist and journalist .
Craig Gannon ( born 30 July 1966 ) is an English guitar player .
Klára Issová ( born 26 April 1979 ) , sometimes known as Klára Issa , is a Czech film , stage and television actress .
Abd Al - Rahman bin Abdallah al Shashi ( Arabic : عبد الرحمن بن عبد الله شاشي‎ ) ( b. 1829 - 1904 ) , popularly known as Shaykh Sufi , was a 19th - century Somali scholar , poet , reformist and astrologist .
Ramiz Tafilaj ( born 6 May 1949 in Deçan , FPR Yugoslavia ) , is an Albanian - American businessman , activist , visionary and publisher .
Sir Charles Alexander Harris KCMG CB CVO ( 28 June 1855 , Wrexham , Wales -- 26 March 1947 ) was a British colonial administrator , Governor of Newfoundland from 1917 to 1922 .
Ingvar Oldsberg ( born 31 March 1945 in Mölnlycke ) is a Swedish television presenter and sports reporter .
Axelle Renoir ( born Fabienne Meignen ; 2 February 1969 ) is a French singer and composer from Brittany .
Dermot Drummy ( born 16 January 1961 ) is an English football coach and former professional player .
Syed Saleem Shahzad ( Urdu : سید سلیم شہزاد‎ , 3 November 1970 -- 30 May 2011 ) was a Pakistani investigative journalist who wrote widely for leading European and Asian media .
Stanislav Pelc ( born 31 October 1955 in Skorotice , nowadays part of Ústí nad Labem ) is a former Czechoslovakian footballer .
Irving Saraf ( 1932 -- December 26 , 2012 ) was a Polish - born American film producer , film editor , film director and academic .
Grady Norton ( 1894 -- October 9 , 1954 ) was an American meteorologist .
Charles Almanzo Babcock ( born 1849 , date of death unknown ) was a late - nineteenth - century superintendent of schools in Oil City , Pennsylvania .
Dolf Jansen ( born 25 June 1963 in Amsterdam ) is a Dutch comedian , presenter of the Radio 2 program Spijkers met Koppen and an active Marathon runner .
Victor Mitropoulos ( Βίκτωρ Μητρόπουλος , Βίκτωρας Μητρόπουλος ) , ( born in 1946 ) is a Greek former football defender .
Guo Yipin ( Chinese : 郭宜品 ; pinyin : Guō Yípǐn ; born September 1962 ) is a Chinese politician from Henan Province , serving as the Vice - Mayor of Luoyang since February 2014 .
General Rick Hillier OC , CMM , ONL , MSC , CD ( born 1955 ) is a former Chief of the Defence Staff of the Canadian Forces .
William Noah ( born 1943 ) is a former territorial level politician and artist .
Peter Momtchiloff ( born 10 March 1962 ) is a British guitarist and bassist .
Trevor Beresford Romeo OBE ( born 26 January 1963 ) , better known by his stage name Jazzie B , is a British DJ , music producer and entrepreneur .
Marguerite Anne Maddern ( born 28 October 1955 ) was an Australian Liberal National politician who was the member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland for Maryborough from 2012 to 2015 , having defeated Chris Foley at the 2012 state election .
Pope Benedict II ( Latin : Benedictus II ; 635 -- 8 May 685 ) was Pope from 26 June 684 to his death in 685 .
Barrie Leslie Konicov ( born about 1939 ) is a United States hypnotist , author , and one - time Libertarian candidate for the United States Congress .
Chris Alajajian ( 31 October 1986 ) is an Australian race car driver .
Lodovico Ricci ( 1742 - -1799 ) was an Italian historian and economist .
Bryce Wilson ( born 1972 ) is a record producer / entrepreneur and actor .
Sir William Dobell , OBE ( 24 September 1899 -- 13 May 1970 ) was an Australian artist .
Cliff Sander ( born 4 November 1931 ) is an Australian former football ( soccer ) player .
Stani Michiels is a visual artist and architect , who was born in 1973 in Geel ( Belgium ) .
Jovan Smith ( born January 25 , 1987 ) , better known by his stage name J. Stalin ( also stylized as J Stalin or J - Stalin ) , is a rapper from the Cypress Village housing projects in West Oakland .
Arabella Fermor ( 1696 - -1737 ) was the daughter of a marriage between two Roman Catholic families in Protestant England , the Tusmores of Oxfordshire and the Brownes of Berkshire .
Hennie Jacobs ( born 20 June 1981 ) is a South African - born musician , songwriter and actor .
Jon Pylypchuk ( born 1972 in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada ) is a Canadian painter and sculptor , living and working in Los Angeles .
Henry Newton Brown ( 1857 -- April 30 , 1884 ) was an American Old West gunman who played the roles of both lawman and outlaw during his life .
Sandra Monterroso ( 1974 ) is a Guatemalan visual artist and designer .
Nils Kristian Heyerdahl ( born 11 April 1941 ) is a Norwegian historian of ideas , theatre director and non - fiction writer .
Gloria Barberi ( born 1955 ) is an Italian science fiction and fantasy writer based in Liguria ; she started publishing in the early 1980s in various fanzines and magazines .
Tom Lindsay ( born 18 November 1987 ) is an English professional rugby union player who currently plays for Gloucester Rugby in the Aviva Premiership .
Aytaç Durak ( born 1938 in Karaisalı , Adana ) is a Turkish politician , and has been the mayor of Adana since 1984 , excluding one term ( 1989 - -1994 ) .
Julia Skripnik ( née Matojan ; born 10 August 1985 ) is an Estonian tennis player .
Dani Wilde ( born 25 August 1985 , Hullavington , Wiltshire ) is a British singer - Songwriter and guitarist who fuses roots genres including blues , country , gospel , soul and americana into popular song .
Ali Yıldırım Koç ( Turkish pronunciation : ( ali kot͡ʃ ) , born 2 April 1967 ) is a Turkish businessman .
Ramashreya Jha ( 11 August 1928 -- 1 January 2009 ) was a distinguished composer , musician , scholar and teacher of Hindustani Classical music .
Wally Swift ( 10 August 1936 -- 10 November 2012 ) was a British boxer who won the British welterweight title in 1960 and twice fought for the Commonwealth title before moving up to middleweight , becoming British champion between 1964 and 1965 .
Stephanie Peay ( born 1959 ) is a British ecologist and crayfish researcher .
Pranesh Padmanabhan ( born 1987 ) , is an entrepreneur , photographer and founder of Pranesh Photography .
Deng Jinghuang ( born 24 January 1985 ) is a Chinese professional football player playing for Hong Kong First Division League team TSW Pegasus .
Cui Yuying ( Chinese : 崔玉英 ; born May 1958 ) is a Chinese politician of Tibetan ethnicity , serving since January 2015 as the deputy head of the Propaganda Department of the Communist Party of China and the deputy director of the State Council Information Office ( vice - minister level ) .
Jack McCaffrey ( born 19 October 1993 ) is a Gaelic footballer for the Dublin senior football team and plays his club football for Clontarf .
Roger Moens ( born 26 April 1930 ) is a former Belgian middle - distance runner .
Cornelia Pfohl ( born 23 February 1971 ) is an Olympic Archer .
Eleanor Percy Lee , born Eleanor Percy Ware ( 1819 - -1849 ) , was an American writer of Mississippi who co - authored two books of poetry with her sister Catherine Anne Warfield ; these were published in the 1840s .
Lorenzo di Credi ( c. 1459 -- January 12 , 1537 ) was an Italian Renaissance painter and sculptor .
Ri Hak - son ( born 12 August 1969 ) is a North Korean wrestler and Olympic champion in Freestyle wrestling .
Andrew Bibby ( born 24 October 1980 in Sydney ) is an Australian actor who played Lance Wilkinson on the Australian soap opera Neighbours in 1995 , 1996 - -2001 and in 2005 .
Mandy Ord ( born 1974 ) is a Melbourne - based comic artist .
Martin Wágner ( born 14 . 6 . 1980 in Prague , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech photographer known for his series of photographs taken in former Soviet Union .
Thomas Myers ( 13 February 1774 , Hovingham -- 21 April 1834 , Blackheath , London ) was an English mathematician and geographer .
Mohammad Reza Rahimi ( Persian : محمدرضا رحيمی , born on 11 January 1949 ) is an Iranian politician who was first vice president from 13 September 2009 until 3 August 2013 .
Mike Royce ( born 1964 ) is an American comedian , screenwriter and television producer .
Andrew J. Levander ( born 1953 ) is an American lawyer and partner at the law firm Dechert who advises on securities fraud , commercial litigation and white collar criminal defense matters .
Giuseppe Stampone ( born in Cluses , France , 1974 ) is an Italian artist who lives and works in Rome .
Nguyễn Thượng Hiền ( 阮尚賢 ; 1865 - -1925 ) was a Vietnamese scholar - gentry anti - colonial revolutionary activist who advocated independence from French colonial rule .
Bernard Wrigley ( born 1948 in Bolton , Lancashire ) is a singer , actor and comedian .
Ioan Gruffudd ( Welsh pronunciation : ( ˈjo.an ˈɡrɪfɪð ) ; born 6 October 1973 ) is a Welsh actor .
Ingrid Lafforgue ( born 5 November 1948 in Luchon ) is a French alpine skier and world champion .
Jan Šeda ( born 17 December 1985 ) is a professional Czech football player , who currently plays for FK Mladá Boleslav
Professor Keith Gull CBE , FRS ( born 29 May 1948 ) is a Wellcome Trust Principal Research Fellow and Professor of Molecular Microbiology at the Sir William Dunn School of Pathology , University of Oxford .
Mihály Lombard de Szentábrahám ( Városfalva , Udvarhely County , 1683 -- Kolozsvár , March 30 , 1758 ) was a Hungarian Unitarian bishop .
Krešimir Stanić ( born 6 March 1985 ) is a retired Swiss footballer of Croatian descent .
Guido De Rosso ( born 28 September 1940 ) is a retired Italian professional racing cyclist .
Tarik Solak ( born 1964 in Ankara , Turkey ) is a Turkish Australian kickboxing promoter .
Bob Van der Veken ( born 26 September 1928 ) is an acclaimed Belgian television actor .
Paul Heinrich Theodor Müller ( 31 January 1896 in Kiel -- after January 1945 , declared dead by the District Court of Hohenlimburg in 1953 ) was a German SS - Obersturmführer and Schutzhaftlagerführer at Auschwitz concentration camp .
Eileen Chubb ( born 1959 ) is a British former care assistant who became a whistleblower and then a campaigner .
Nikolaus Rüdinger ( 25 March 1832 -- 25 August 1896 ) was a German anatomist born in Bingen am Rhein , Rhineland - Palatinate .
Micheline Charest ( 1953 -- April 14 , 2004 ) was a television producer and founder ( and former co - chair ) of the Cinar ( later Cookie Jar Entertainment and now DHX Media ) television company .
Khagani Guluzade ( Azerbaijani Xaqani Quluzadə ; born 6 August 1977 ) is an Azerbaijani businessman .
Alex Szilasi ( born in Parma in 1968 ) is a Hungarian - Italian pianist .
Peter Anthony Libasci ( born 9 November 1951 ) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who serves as the tenth and current Bishop of the Diocese of Manchester , New Hampshire .
Matvei Vaisberg ( Ukrainian : Матві́й Семе́нович Ва́йсберг ; Russian : Матве́й Семе́нович Ва́йсберг ; born 28 December 1958 ) is a Ukrainian painter , graphic artist and book designer .
Gregory Lekhtman ( born 1946 in Moscow , USSR ) is a Canadian inventor and entrepreneur , who created and markets the Exerloper system of exercise boots .
Ramzi Mohammed ( Arabic : رمزي محمد‎ ) ( born 18 August 1981 ) is a Somalian national convicted of involvement in the attempted London bombing of July 21st 2005 .
Simon Proctor ( born 1959 ) is a British composer , pianist , and flautist , known for his works for unusual instruments .
Prof . Jocelyn Faubert ( born 1959 ) is a psychophysicist best known for his work in the fields of visual perception , vision of the elderly , and neuropsychology .
Vassilios Nikakis ( Greek : βασιλης νικακης ) ( born 28 September 1953 ) is a Greek former football referee .
Marina Filipović ( born 22 December 1970 ) is a retired Serbian athlete who competed primarily in the 200 and 400 metres .
Hercules Mooney ( 1715 - -1800 ) was an Irish - born veteran of the French and Indian and American Revolutionary wars .
Afshin Rattansi ( born 1968 ) is a British journalist and author who presents Going Underground broadcast on the RT network .
Joel Gibb ( born 28 January 1977 ) is a Berlin - based Canadian artist and singer - songwriter who leads the `` gay church folk '' group The Hidden Cameras .
Maurizio Casagrande ( born 4 November 1961 ) is an Italian actor and film and stage director .
Mohammad Omar Sunny ( Bengali : মোহাম্মদ ওমর সানী ; 6 May 1969 ) , better known as Omar Sani , is a Bangladeshi film and television actor .
Lani Billard ( born 20 June 1979 ) is a Canadian actress and singer , who played Elizabeth `` Busy '' Ramone on the popular television series Ready or Not from 1993 - -1997 .
Naomi Betts ( born c. 1982 ) is an American criminal who robbed the Fifth Third Bank in Indianapolis , Indiana , U.S. on October 9 , 2003 .
Paul Anthony ( born 1955 ) is a senior executive who has played prominent roles in several major energy corporations in the United Kingdom , New Zealand and Australia .
Luca De Dominicis ( born in Rome 5 July 1973 ) was the walk - on actor of King Herod Antipas on Mel Gibson 's The Passion of the Christ .
Paul Wykes ( born 15 April 1971 ) is former English professional snooker player from Bournemouth , Dorset .
Joan N. Ericksen ( born October 11 , 1954 ) is a judge of the United States District Court for the District of Minnesota .
William Hopkins Holyland ( born 1807 ) was an English accountant .
Douglas Jack Agu ( born 19 August 1989 ) , better known by his stage name Runtown , is a Nigerian singer , songwriter and producer with a diverse musical style mix of hip - hop , R&B , reggae and rap .
Tanushree Dutta ( pronounced ( t̪ənʊʃri ) , ITRANS : tanushri ; born 19 March 1984 ) is an Indian model and actress who primarily appears in Bollywood movies .
Elif Batuman ( born in 1977 ) is an American author , academic , and journalist .
Kenneth Ma Kwok - ming ( born 13 February 1974 ) is a Hong Kong - born Canadian actor , with family roots in Chaozhou , Guangdong .
Emanuele Moncini ( born 13 October 1973 in Breno , Italy ) is an Italian racing driver currently competing in the FIA GT1 World Championship for Sunred .
Ludwig Abel ( 14 January 1835 -- 13 August 1895 ) was a German violinist , composer , and conductor .
Heather Jensen ( born 1985 in Calgary , Alberta as Heather Moulding ) is a Canadian curler .
Strebre Delovski ( born 13 October 1975 ) is an Australian soccer referee in the A - League .
Kim Yong - hyu ( born 10 August 1926 ) is a Brigadier General of South Korea .
Ayman Asfari ( born 8 July 1958 ) is a Syrian - born British businessman .
Hailu Shawul ( also spelled Shawel ; Shawil ) ( Ge'ez : ሃይሉ ሻዉል ; born 1936 ) is an Ethiopian engineer and the chairman of the Coalition for Unity and Democracy ( CUD ) .
Dr. James Culbertson McConnell , usually abbreviated as J. C. McConnell ( born 1844 - died July 25 , 1904 , Liberty , New York ) was one of the world 's most acclaimed scientific illustrators .
Tokhirjon Muminov ( Tajik : Тоҳирҷон Муъминов , Persian : طاهرجان مومنف‎‎ ; born on 20 August 1970 ) is a retired Tajikistani footballer .
Leslie Van Gelder ( born 1969 ) is an archaeologist , writer , and educator whose primary work involves the study of Paleolithic Finger Flutings in Rouffignac Cave and Gargas Cave in Southern France .
Jill McGown ( 9 August 1947 in Campbeltown , Scotland -- 6 April 2007 in Kettering , Northamptonshire ) was a British writer of mystery novels .
Vincent Rouffaer ( 1951 - ) is a Belgian television director .
Joseph Clayton ( 1868 - 1943 ) was an English freelance journalist and biographer .
Andrea Spagni ( 8 August 1716 -- 16 September 1788 ) was an Italian Jesuit theologian , educator and author .
Peter Anton ( born 1963 in New Haven , Connecticut ) is an American artist and sculptor .
Tatoul Avoyan ( born March 3 , 1964 ) , known commonly by his mononymn Tatoul , is an Armenian rabiz singer .
Jason Manuel Olazabal ( 14 October 1973 ) , also just known as Jason Olazabal , is an American actor , possibly best known for playing Ramon Prado in Showtime TV series , Dexter .
Gary Kirby ( born 12 January 1967 in Patrickswell , County Limerick , Ireland ) is an Irish hurling manager and former player .
Antonis Natsouras ( Greek : Αντώνης Νατσούρας ; born 18 December 1979 ) is a footballer .
Klaus Scherer ( born 1943 ) is Professor of Psychology and director of the Swiss Center for Affective Sciences in Geneva .
Gu Leguan ( simplified Chinese : 顾乐观 ; traditional Chinese : 顧樂觀 ; pinyin : Gù Lèguān ; January 1935 - 2001 ) was a Chinese physicist and educator .
Simon Sparrow ( 1925 - 2000 ) was an American folk artist , a painter and mixed media artist who was born in West Africa and grew up in North Carolina on a Cherokee Reservation .
Serhiy Bashkyrov ( Ukrainian : Сергій Геннадійович Башкиров ; born 11 March 1959 ) is a retired Soviet and Ukrainian football player and current coach .
Bruce Edward Hobbs ( born 23 October 1936 ) AO BSc Hons PhD FAA FGSAust FTSE is an Australian structural geologist and science administrator .
Skënder Rizaj ( Serbian : Скендер Ризај , Skender Rizaj ) ( born 1930 , Peja , Kingdom of Yugoslavia ) is an Albanian scholar and historian .
Mark Rotella ( born 1967 ) is an American author and Senior Editor at Publishers Weekly .
Lorraine Stanley ( born 28 June 1976 ) is an ALFS Award - nominated English actress , best known for playing Kelly in the BIFA Award - winning film London to Brighton .
Isaac Charles Johnson ( 28 January 1811 -- 29 November 1911 ) was a British cement manufacturer , and a pioneer of the Portland cement industry .
Luc Giard ( 1956 ) is a Canadian underground cartoonist and artist .
Davey Browne , Jr ( 21 December 1986 -- 14 September 2015 ) was an Australian professional boxer ( 22 - -2 - -1 , 8 knockouts ) .
Rebecca Pitcher ( born 1972 ) is an American musical theatre actress primarily known for her role as Christine in the Broadway adaptation of The Phantom of the Opera .
Edward Harper Parker ( 3 July 1849 -- 1926 ) was an English barrister and sinologist who wrote a number of books on the First and Second Opium Wars and other Chinese topics .
Angela Malik , ( born 3 December 1971 in Delhi , India , raised in Edinburgh , UK ) is a chef and entrepreneur .
Natalya Krupskaya ( Russian : Наталья Крупская ; born 1972 ) is a retired Russian swimmer who won a gold medal in the 4×100 m medley relay at the 1991 European Aquatics Championships .
Asoka Nihal Ranjit Hewagama ( born 22 July 1942 ) is a Sri Lankan lawyer , who served as the Solomon Islands ' legal draftsman for 23 years , and also for some time as the Solicitor - General and the president of the Solomon Islands Bar Association .
René - Antoine Houasse ( c. 1645 - -1710 ) was a decorative French painter .
Professor Michael H. Gelb ( born 1957 ) is an American biochemist and chemist specializing in enzymes and particularly those of medical significance .
Professor Albert B. Reagan ( 1871 - -1936 ) was an American author and historian of Native American history .
Teddy Tinmar ( born 30 May 1987 ) is a French sprinter , who specialises in the 100 and 200 metres .
Dan Almagor ( born 1935 ) is an Israeli playwright who has adapted and translated over a hundred plays for the Hebrew stage , including Shakespeare 's `` The Comedy of Errors '' , `` Fiddler on the Roof , '' `` The King and I , '' `` My Fair Lady '' and `` Guys and Dolls '' .
Arne Ekeberg ( born 1925 ) is a Norwegian judge and civil servant .
Gisela Birkemeyer ( née Köhler on 22 December 1931 ) is a retired German sprint runner who won two medals in the 80 m hurdles at the 1956 and 1960 Olympics .
Yekaterina Golubeva ( Russian : Екатерина Голубева ; also known as Katya Golubyova ) ( 9 October 1966 -- 14 August 2011 ) was a Russian actress , perhaps best known for her role in the 1999 French film , Pola X. Golubeva was born in Leningrad .
Bernard Lloyd ( born 30 January 1934 ) is a Welsh actor noted for his television roles .
Philip Kent Grey , 7th Earl Grey ( born 11 May 1940 ) is a British hereditary peer .
Margaret Maher ( 1841 - -1924 ) was a long - term domestic worker in the household of American poet Emily Dickinson .
Barthélémy Kotchy or Barthélémy Kotchy - N'Guessan ( Grand - Bassam , 1934 ) is an Ivorian writer and politician .
Janet Harbison ( born 1955 ) is an Irish harper , composer , teacher and orchestra director .
I Wayan Gobiah ( c. 1898 -- ? ) was a Balinese teacher and writer .
Justin Kleiner ( born 1985 ) is an American musician and visual artist .
Huong Keenleyside , ( Hanoi , 1971 ) , is a Vietnamese - born British novelist .
Lawrence Renes ( born 1970 ) is a Dutch conductor .
Robin Soans ( born 1947 ) is an actor , and a playwright specialising in verbatim and documentary plays .
Arthur Garner ( 8 February 1851 -- ) was a theatrical entrepreneur , active in Australia .
Walter Diesendorf was born in Vienna on 14 December 1906 , the son of Jewish parents , Eljukim Wolf and Henie Diesendorf .
Nadir Ali Khan ( 16 June 1931 in Rataul , Baghpat district , Uttar Pradesh ) is an Indian writer and scholar .
Rolf Tibblin ( born 7 May 1937 ) is a Swedish former world champion motocross racer .
Ella Molly Natalia Pettersson Hammar ( born 16 October 1995 ) , known professionally as Molly Pettersson Hammar , is a Swedish singer who participated in the talent show Idol 2011 broadcast on TV4 , where she reached fourth place .
Potti Sreeramulu ( 16 March 1901 -- 15 December 1952 ) , was an Indian revolutionary .
Erik Blomberg ( 18 September 1913 -- 12 October 1996 ) was a Finnish cinematographer , film producer , screenwriter and film director .
Matthew Boyd ( born 27 August 1982 ) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Western Bulldogs in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) He debuted in 2003 .
Sigebert Buckley ( b. c. 1520 AD ; d. probably 1610 ) was a Benedictine monk in England , who is regarded by the Benedictines and by Ampleforth College in particular as representing the continuity of the community through the English Reformation .
Nikola Zvrko ( Serbian Cyrillic : Никола Зврко ; born 7 March 1995 ) is a Montenegrin professional footballer who plays for Sinđelić Beograd , as a striker .
Abe de Vries ( 10 January 1965 ) is a Frisian poet , essayist , literary critic , journalist , editor , translator , photographer , and one of the Frisian public figures leading the cultural and intellectual debate in Friesland .
Mitch Creary ( born 30 January 1976 in Sydney , New South Wales ) former is an Australian professional rugby league footballer in the NRL for the Northern Eagles and Manly - Warringah Sea Eagles between 2002 - 2006 .
Jamaal Shabazz ( born 22 November 1963 ) is a Trinidadian football manager , who is the current manager of TT Pro League club Caledonia AIA and the Guyana national team .
Frank La Rocca ( born in 1951 in New Jersey ) American Composer .
Stephen Nolan ( born 20 August 1973 ) is a Northern Irish radio and television presenter for BBC Northern Ireland and BBC Radio Five Live .
Benjamin Glennie was born on 29 January 1812 in Dulwich , Surrey , England ; his parents were William Glennie , the principal of a private school in Dulwich , and his wife Mary ( née Gardiner ) .
Paul Nicholas Mason ( born 1958 ) is a Canadian novelist , playwright , and occasional journalist .
Sami Bayraktar ( also known as Sammy Bayraktar in Belgium ; born 1978 ) is a Turkish - Belgian futsal player .
Agnes Christina Laut ( 11 February 1871 -- 15 November 1936 ) was a Canadian journalist , novelist , historian , and social worker .
Gary L. Taylor ( born 1938 ) is a retired United States District Court Judge .
Khalil Duhoki or Xelîl Duhokî ( born 1951 ) is a Kurdish writer , poet .
Roman Jerala ( born 1962 ) is Slovenian biochemist and synthetic biologist , internationally best known as the leader of Slovenian teams that won the Grand prize at the International Genetically Engineered Machine competition several times .
Melvin Yeoh ( born 5 January 1981 ) is a Malaysian mixed martial artist and Muay Thai champion .
Anuradha Sharma Pujari ( Assamese : অনুৰাধা শৰ্মা পূজাৰী ) ( born 1964 ) is an influential Assamese journalist and author .
Manjot Singh ( born 7 July 1992 ) is an Indian Bollywood actor , best known for his role in films like Oye Lucky !
Tim Natusch ( born 3 July 1986 in Papua New Guinea ) is a professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Wynnum Manly Seagulls in the Queensland Cup .
Gianbattista Grancino or Giovanni Battista Grancino ( born 1673 -- died ca.1730 ) was a member of the family of luthiers Grancino ( in German ) .
Richard John Crisp ( born 6 November 1973 ) , a Social psychologist , is Professor of Psychology at the University of Kent Centre for the Study of Group Processes .
Captain Noah Stoddard ( 1755 - -1850 ) of Fairhaven , Massachusetts was an American privateer who distinguished himself during the American Revolution by leading the Raid on Lunenburg ( 1782 ) .
Tom Pevsner ( 2 October 1926 -- 18 August 2014 ) was a British assistant film director and producer whose career spanned more than four decades .
Johannes Skraastad ( 1648 - -1700 ) was a Norwegian artist from Vang .
Joseph Mouawad ( born 26 March 1970 in Mayfouq , Lebanon ) is the current eparch of the Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Zahleh in Lebanon .
Gareth Wiley ( born 3 March 1962 , England ) is a film producer , whose professional life started in the world of investment banking , working with County NatWest , Salomon Brothers , and UBS Warburg , moving into film producing in 2002 .
Maarouf Youssef Abdallah , born on 20 February 1992 , is a Nigerian football player who plays for Zamalek SC .
Shelby Millard Harrison ( born 1881 , date of death unknown ) was a director of the Russell Sage Foundation , in charge of the Babe Ruth Foundation , as well as a writer .
Jeremy Pascall ( Born as Jeremy James Zuppinger , 1946 - 30 Aug 2001 ) was an English screenwriter , broadcaster , journalist and author .
Omer Golan ( Hebrew : עומר גולן‎ ; born 4 October 1982 ) is a former Israeli footballer .
Penny Streeter OBE ( born 1 August 1967 ) is an English entrepreneur and managing director of the A24 Group , comprising Ambition 24hours , Arabella Health Staffing and the NS Health Staffing .
Tesfaye Alebachew ( Amharic : ጠስፋየ ዓለባችሀው ? , born 27 August 1988 ) is an Ethiopian international footballer .
Shaun Allen ( born 23 September 1965 ) is an English former rugby league footballer who played for St Helens and Oldham .
Mohamed Ahmed - Chamanga , is a Comorian linguistic , writer , researcher , politic and professor born in Ouani ( Nzwani ) in 1952 .
Olli Hiltunen ( 15 December 1877 in Pielisjärvi -- 8 June 1947 ) was a Finnish shoemaker and politician .
Katy Hill ( born 15 April 1971 ) is an English television presenter who has worked in TV and radio in the UK since 1995 .
Daniel H. Rosen ( born 1967 ) is an American business executive , academic and author .
Boris Nepokupnoy ( Russian : Борис Непокупной , born 1887 , date of death unknown ) was a Russian fencer and modern pentathlete .
Tyrone Mears ( born 18 February 1983 ) is an English professional footballer who currently plays as a right - back for Seattle Sounders FC .
Brian Fairley ( born 18 April 1959 in Falkirk ) is a Scottish former association football manager .
Phil Donkin ( born November 1980 in Sunderland , Tyne and Wear ) is a British Jazz bassist .
Åge Vedel Tåning ( born 27 July 1890 - -died 26 September 1958 in Copenhagen ) was a Danish ichthyologist .
John Kromko ( born 1940 ) is a former Arizona state legislator .
Bruno Labbadia ( pronounced ( labbaˈdiːa ) ; born 8 February 1966 ) is a retired German footballer of Italian heritage .
Ricky Kato ( born 5 July 1994 ) is an Australian amateur golfer from Sydney , Australia .
Cameron Johnston ( born 6 December 1970 in Smithers , British Columbia , Canada ) is an Australian freestyle wrestler .
Vasile Buhăescu ( born 2 February 1988 ) , is a Romanian footballer .
Michael Lantieri ( born 13 August 1954 ) went to school in Los Angeles , California with actor - director Ron Howard , wanting to be in films from an early age though as a director .
Aliaksei Likhacheuski ( Belarusian : Аляксей Ліхачэўскі , Russian : Алексей Лихачевский ; born 28 June 1990 ) is a Belarusian sabre fencer , team silver medallist at the 2011 World Championships in Catania .
Mícheál Ó hEidhin , Irish musician and teacher , and schools inspector of music , Primary / Postprimary born 1938 .
Vice - Admiral Edward Astley - Rushton CB CMG ( 4 September 1879 -- 18 July 1935 ) was a senior Royal Navy officer who commanded the Reserve Fleet .
K. Ravindran ( 1945 - -2011 ) , better known by his pen - name Chintha Ravi , was an Indian writer , journalist , film critic and film director .
Fumiyuki Beppu ( Japanese : 別府史之 ; born 10 April 1983 ) is a Japanese professional road bicycle racer for UCI ProTour team Trek--
Yana Borodina ( born 21 April 1992 ) is a Russian athlete who competes in the Triple Jump with a personal best result of 14.41 metres .
Ron Willett ( November 1944 ( age 71 - -72 ) ) birth registered in Pontefract district , is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1960s , playing at club level for Castleford .
Henry Kraus ( 1906 , in Knoxville , Tennessee - January 27 , 1995 in Paris ) was a labor historian , and European art historian .
Robert Hugo , Duke of Parma and Piacenza ( Italian : Roberto Ugo di Borbone - Parma ; 7 August 1909 -- 15 November 1974 ) was the head of the House of Bourbon - Parma and the pretender to the defunct throne of the Parma between 1959 and 1974 .
Nebojša Pejić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Небојша Пејић , born 5 January 1988 ) is a Bosnian footballer playing with FK Rudar Prijedor in the Bosnian Premier League .
Lo Hsiang - lin ( 1906 - -1978 ) was one of the most renowned researchers in Hakka language and culture .
Dorothy Marion Campbell ( 11 January 1911 in Hedon , Yorkshire -- 3 October 2005 in East Riding of Yorkshire ) was an English potter .
Katie Jarvis ( born 22 June 1991 ) is an English actress , known for her role as Mia Williams in the film Fish Tank .
Christine Fong Kwok - shan ( Chinese : 方國珊 , born 28 March 1966 ) is an engineer and politician in Hong Kong , as well as a former child actress .
Barbara Marten ( Born 3 January 1947 ) is a British actress .
Nury Vittachi ( born 2 October 1958 in Ceylon ) is a journalist and author based in Hong Kong .
Mads Tofte ( born 20 April 1959 ) is a Danish computer scientist who has contributed in particular to functional programming and the Standard ML programming language .
Sharon Gal ( Hebrew : שרון גל‎ , born 13 August 1974 ) is an Israeli journalist and politician .
Clare Wille ( born 1973 , Bucklow , Cheshire , England ) is an English stage and television actress .
Kevin Schafer ( born 1951 ) is an American photographer and writer .
Hazrat Maulana Syed Shah Murshed Ali Alquadri Al Jilani was born on Friday , the 27th of Ramadan , 1268 A.H /16 July 1852 AD at the Khanqah Sharif of Piyardanga , P.S Chandrakona , now West Midnapore .
Helena Maria Ehrenstråhle ( 1760 - -1800 ) was a Swedish noblewoman and poet .
K.S. Narayanacharya ( born 30 October 1933 ) is an Indian teacher and writer , popularly known as Ramayanacharya .
Boris Baczynsky ( Baczynski ) ( 14 October 1945 , Vienna -- 2008 , United States ) was a Ukrainian--
Michael M. Cernea ( born 1931 ) is an American - Romanian social scientist who introduced sociological and anthropological approaches into the World Bank .
Ko Matsushita ( 松下 耕 , born 16 October 1962 ) , is a Japanese conductor and composer .
David Allen Green ( born March 1971 `` Allen '' is his second forename ) is an English lawyer and writer .
Kurt Linder ( born 8 October 1933 ) is a German former footballer and coach .
Diana Hansen - Young ( born 1947 ) is an American artist and playwright .
Dora Stratou ( Greek : Δόρα Στράτου ; 1903 - -1988 ) was a significant contributor to Greek Folk Dancing and Greek Folk Music .
Naukane ( ca . 1779 - February 2 , 1850 ) , also known as John Coxe , Edward Cox , and Coxe was a Native Hawaiian chief who traveled widely through North America in the early 19th century .
Geoffrey Scowcroft Fletcher ( 1923 - -2004 ) was a British artist and art critic , and is best known for his 1962 book The London Nobody Knows .
Professor Puran Singh ( Punjabi : ਪ੍ਰੋ. ਪੂਰਨ ਸਿੰਘ ) ( 1881 - -1931 ) was a Punjabi poet , scientist and mystic .
Lun Thi ( Burmese : လွန်သီ ; born 18 July 1940 ) is a Burmese politician and retired Brigadier - General .
Bart Whiteman ( 1948-March 14 , 2006 ) was a Washington , D.C. theatre actor , director , and producer .
Barbara Ninde Byfield ( née Barbara Ninde , born 28 March 1930 in Abilene , Texas ; died 8 November 1988 in Leland , Michigan ) was an American author and illustrator .
Born on 27 May 1882 in Stockholm , Gösta Bagge was named leader of the National Organization of the Right after the sudden retirement of Arvid Lindman in 1935 .
Steph Reynolds ( born 23 October 1993 ) is a Welsh professional rugby union player who plays for Gloucester .
Dean Semler ACS ASC , ( born 1943 ) is an Australian cinematographer .
Luis Biera ( born 25 December 1958 ) is an Argentine former cyclist .
Heather Elizabeth Apple ( born 1948 ) is a Canadian writer , artist , and educator , with an interest in organic horticulture .
Tasmin Lucia - Khan ( born 18 July 1980 ) is an English television presenter , news anchor and entrepreneur .
Órlagh Fallon ( born 24 August 1974 ) , professionally known as Órla Fallon , is an Irish soloist , songwriter and former member of the group Celtic Woman and the chamber choir Anúna .
Blaž Jarc ( born 17 July 1988 ) is a Slovenian former professional cyclist , who competed professionally between 2007 and 2014 .
Emmanuel Amey Ojara , MBChB , MMed Surgery , ( 10 February 1944 - 26 July 1987 ) was a medical doctor , surgeon and oncologist in East Africa .
Hong Bok - won ( 1206 - -1258 ) was a Goryeo commander who later served as an administrator of the Mongol Empire .
John Clyde Oswald ( 1872 - June 22 , 1938 ) was an author , president of the National Arts Club , and the editor of American Printer magazine .
Jeff Peckman ( born 1954 ) is an American UFO disclosure activist as well as a political candidate for the Natural Law Party .
Geoff Unwin ( born 8 October 1936 ) is an English musician and composer .
Rab Wilson ( born 1 September 1960 , New Cumnock , Ayrshire ) is a Scottish poet who writes mainly in the Scots language .
Evvy Pedder ( born Thomas Redrup ; June 1 , 1970 ) is an American musician , singer , songwriter who is best known for being the lead vocalist of the metal / murder rock band Lollipop Lust Kill .
Joanna Sime ( born 31 May 1962 ) was a Junior and Senior International Gymnast who represented Great Britain in the late 1970s .
Jing Chunhua ( Chinese : 景春华 ; pinyin : Jĭng Chūnhuá ; born February 1956 ) is a former Chinese politician who spent most of his career in Hebei province .
Janne Kataja ( born 5 April 1980 ) is a Finnish entertainer .
Asi Vassihon ( Hebrew : אסי וסיהון‎ , born 31 July 1982 ) is an Ethiopian - Israeli footballer playing for Maccabi Kiryat Gat .
Zvezdan Martič ( born 1963 in Celje , Slovenia ) is a Slovenian journalist and engineer .
Diane McNaron ( born 1947 in Texas ) is an American singer , producer and Cabaret entertainer .
Lisa Gastoni ( born 28 July 1935 in Alassio , Province of Savona ) is an Italian film actress .
Mikhail Yuryevich Popov ( Russian : Михаил Юрьевич Попов ; born 25 September 1985 ) is a Russian footballer who currently plays for FC SKA - Energiya Khabarovsk in the Russian National Football League .
Edmund Walter Pook was born at Walworth , Surrey in 1851 , the son of Ebenezer Whitcher Pook and Mary Pook , formerly Burch .
Fabrizio Gifuni ( born 16 July 1966 ) is an Italian stage , film and television actor .
Bego Ćatić ( born 14 May 1963 ) is a former Bosnian footballer who played in the former Yugoslavia and Turkey .
Jan Willem Nienhuys ( born 16 April 1942 ) is a Dutch mathematician , book translator and skeptic .
Eleanor K. Baum ( born 1940 ) is an American electrical engineer and educator .
Joseph von Blumenthal , also known as Joseph de Blumenthal ( 1 November 1782 -- 9 May 1850 ) , was an Austrian violinist and violist , influential pedagogue and composer .
Man Mohan Sondhi ( 1933 -- ) is a prominent speech processing researcher who worked at Bell Laboratories during 1962 - 2001 .
Claire Lawrence ( born 1939 ) is a Canadian musician who was a founding member of the Canadian band The Collectors , and remained with the group when it transitioned to Chilliwack in 1971 .
Wilhelm Aschwanden ( born 18 December 1969 ) was a Swiss cross country skier who competed from 1992 to 2004 .
James de Beaujeu Domville ( 1933 -- April 2 , 2015 ) was a French - born Canadian theatrical producer and administrator .
William Legge , 10th Earl of Dartmouth , FCA ( born 23 September 1949 ) , is a British politician and hereditary peer .
Anna Romantowska ( born 16 May 1950 ) is a Polish film and theatre actress .
Lynn Ferguson Tweddle ( born 11 April 1965 ) is a Scottish writer , actress , comedian and presenter .
Bob Schmetterer ( New York City , 23 November 1943 ) is an American business executive and author .
Abdul Carrupt ( born 28 December 1985 ) is a Portuguese - born Bissau - Guinean professional footballer currently playing for Swiss club Étoile Carouge .
Giovanni Mercurio da Correggio ( Latin name : Iohannes Mercurius de Corigio ; 1451 - ? ) was an Italian itinerant preacher , Hermeticist , and alchemist .
Sante Ranucci ( born 31 October 1933 ) is a retired Italian cyclist who won the amateur road race at the 1955 UCI Road World Championships .
Salamiah Hassan ( born 1951 ) is a Malaysian singer , famous during the 70s to 90s .
Elvin Ng ( Chinese : 黄俊雄 ; pinyin : Huáng Jùnxíong ; born 23 December 1980 ) is a Singaporean actor and model with Mediacorp .
Derek Martin ( born Derek William Rapp on 11 April 1933 ) is a British actor who is best known for his role as Charlie Slater in the British soap opera EastEnders which he played from 2000 - -11 , and briefly again in 2013 and 2016 .
Linda Estelle ( Linda Roza Blokland ) , the voice of T - Spoon , was born in Arnhem in the Netherlands on 23 January 1974 .
Rae Desmond Jones ( born 1941 ) is an Australian poet , novelist , short story writer and politician .
The Reverend Ralph Waller ( born 11 December 1945 ) is a British academic and Methodist minister .
Blessed Luigi Bordino ( 12 August 1922 - 25 August 1977 ) , born Andrea Bordino , was a Roman Catholic Italian priest and a member of the Brothers of Saint Joseph Benedict Cottolengo .
Hilari Bell ( born 1958 ) is an American fantasy author .
Matteo Boniciolli , born 18 April 1962 is an Italian basketball coach for Fortitudo Bologna in the Serie A2 .
Dale Meeks ( born 1975 ) is an English television and theatre actor .
Micheál Schlingermann ( born 23 June 1991 in Mayo ) is an Irish professional footballer who plays for League of Ireland club , Sligo Rovers .
Su Shulin ( Chinese : 苏树林 ; pinyin : Sū Shùlín ; born 14 March 1962 ) is a Chinese oil and gas executive and former politician .
Mario Laguë ( 1958 -- August 12 , 2010 ) was a Canadian diplomat and public servant .
Vincent Peirani ( born 24 April 1980 ) is a French accordionist , vocalist and composer .
Ernest Roeber ( 1861 - April 30 , 1944 ) was a German - American professional wrestler who held the European Greco - Roman Heavyweight Championship from 1894 to 1900 and again between 1900 and 1901 .
Tiago da Silva Rannow known as Tiago or Tiago Rannow ( born 3 September 1982 ) is a Brazilian footballer for Brasil de Pelotas .
Gülse Birsel ( née Şener ; born 11 March 1971 ) is a Turkish comedian , writer , scenarist and actress .
Dylan Easton ( born 6 April 1994 ) is an attacking midfielder currently at Elgin City .
Roland Bürger ( born 1972 ( ? ) ) , better known as `` Bürgermeista '' is a German guitarist and founder of the band Bürgermeista & Die Gemeinderäte in 2010 .
Esat Valla ( b. 1944 in Gjakova ) is a Kosovar Albanian painter noted for his figuritive paintings of small animals or insects such as butterflies and birds .
Oliver Kalkofe ( born 12 September 1965 ) is a German satirist , columnist , book author , actor and writer
Hicham Bellani ( born 15 September 1979 ) is a Moroccan runner who specializes in the 3000 and 5000 metres .
Kartik Seshadri ( born 1957 ) is an Indian sitar player and teacher of Indian classical music .
Martin Bartenstein ( born 3 June 1953 ) is an Austrian businessman and politician who held different cabinet portfolios between 1995 and 2008 .
Chan Wing - chan , BBS ( born 7 July 1935 , Jiangmen , Guangdong , China ) was the member of the Legislative Council in 1991 - -95 for the Hotels and Catering and 1998 - -2000 for Labour and also Provisional Legislative Council ( 1996 - -98 ) .
Ding Mao ( Chinese : 丁矛 ) , born 1968 in Sichuan ( Chinese : 四川 ) Mianyang ( Chinese : 绵阳 ) , is a Chinese dissident .
Troy Makepeace ( born 6 March 1979 ) is an Australian rules footballer with the Casey Scorpions of the Victorian Football League , formerly with the Kangaroos of the Australian Football League .
Richard Benner ( 1943 -- December 2 , 1990 ) was an American film director and screenwriter who worked predominantly in Canada .
Arcadia Bandini de Stearns Baker ( 1825 - -1912 ) was a wealthy Los Angeles landowner and Californio .
Mildred Adams ( 1894 -- November 5 , 1980 , New York ) was the name used by Mildred Adams Kenyon , an American journalist , writer , translator , and critic of Spanish literature .
Rojda Aykoç ( born Kadriye Şenses in 1978 ) , also known as Rojda Şenses or simply Rojda , is a contemporary Kurdish singer .
Brigadier General ( retired ) Jesaya Elago Kambonde ( born 22 April 1955 ) is a Namibian former military commander .
Carmen E. Arroyo ( born 1936 ) , a native of Puerto Rico , is the first Hispanic woman elected to the New York State Assembly .
Oodgeroo Noonuccal ( /ˈʊdʒ/ /ˈnuːnəkəl/ UUD - gə - roo NOO - nə - kəl ; born Kathleen Jean Mary Ruska , formerly Kath Walker ) ( 3 November 1920 -- 16 September 1993 ) was an Australian poet , political activist , artist and educator .
Ralph Emerson Twitchell , who went by Ralph E. Twitchell , ( 1859 - -1925 ) was an American historicist , mayor of Santa Fe , New Mexico , and chairman of the Rio Grande Commission , which drafted a treaty between the United States and Mexico leading to the building of the Elephant Butte Dam in his state .
Mike Shelley ( born on 13 March 1972 in Leeds ) is a former rugby union player who became the longest serving player in the history of Leeds Tykes rugby club , having joined them in 1996 from West Hartlepool .
Ian Cantwell ( born 24 July 1966 in Harefield ) is a former British auto racing driver who drove in the British Touring Car Championship .
Conger Metcalf , ( 1914 - -1998 ) was an American painter .
Tony Madison ( born 1971 ) is a retired professional American basketball player who played NCAA basketball for the New Orleans Privateers .
Simon Bairu ( born 8 August 1983 ) is a former Canadian long - distance runner born in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia , to an Ethiopian mother and an Eritrean father .
Ferenc Szalay ( born 30 March 1955 ) is a Hungarian politician , the mayor of Szolnok from 1998 to 2002 and since 2006 .
Neil Mendoza ( born 1959 ) is a British entrepreneur , publisher and philanthropist .
`` George W. Lininger '' ( 1834 - 1907 ) , was an implement dealer , art collector , private gallery owner , and civic leader in Omaha , Nebraska .
Robert Jayne ( born 1973 ) , sometimes credited as Bobby Jacoby , is an American actor .
Shazia Khalid ( Sindhi : شازيه خالد‎ ) ( Urdu : شازیه خالد ‎ ) ( born 1973 ) is a medical doctor and advocate of women 's human rights from Sui , Sui , Pakistan .
Elizabeth Caroline Grey ( 1798 - -1869 ) , aka Mrs. Colonel Grey or Mrs. Grey , was a prolific English author of over 30 romance novels , silver fork novels , Gothic novels , sensation fiction and Penny Dreadfuls , active between the 1820s and 1867 .
Tony McKenzie ( born 4 March 1963 ) is a British former boxer who was British light welterweight champion between 1986 and 1987 .
Franciszek Bieliński of Junosza coat of arms ( 1683 - -1766 ) was a Polish politician and statesman .
Hatem Qafisha ( Arabic : حاتم قفيشة‎ ) ( born 1963 ) is a current member of the Palestinian Legislative Council ( PLC ) representing Hebron .
Christof Ebert ( born 1964 in Stuttgart ) is a German computer scientist and entrepreneur .
Jim Eldridge ( born November 1944 ) is an English radio , film and television screenwriter with hundreds of radio and TV scripts broadcast in the United Kingdom and across the world in a career spanning over 30 years .
Thilan Thushara ( full name Magina Thilan Thushara Mirando ; born 1 March 1981 ) is a former Sri Lankan national cricketer .
Anna Hope Hudson , generally known as Nan Hudson , ( 1869 - 1957 ) was an American - born artist who lived and worked in France and England .
William Orbit ( born William Mark Wainwright , 15 December 1956 ) is an English musician , composer and record producer .
Tshotlego Morama , born in Lethakane in 1987 , is a Motswana Paralympic sprinter .
Zita Sattar ( born 1975 in Birmingham , England ) is an English television , theatre and film actress .
Manish Srivastav ( born 13 January 1970 ) also known as Manish Shrivastava is a film director , producer and writer .
Stephen Poliakoff , CBE , FRSL ( born 1 December 1952 ) is an acclaimed British playwright , director and scriptwriter , best known for his work as a television dramatist .
Bruce Ducker ( born 1938 ) is an American novelist , short story writer , and poet .
T.A. Rajendran popularly known as Nawab Rajendran ( 1950 -- October 10 , 2003 ) was a social activist and journalist from Kerala .
Mohammad - Taghi Khalaji ( born June 1948 ) is an Iranian Shia cleric .
Aya Darwish ( Arabic : أية نصر الدين إبراهيم علي درويش ‎ ) ( born 17 November 1994 ) is an Egyptian synchronized swimmer .
Florence Tan ( Chinese : 陳秀麗 ; pinyin : Chén Xiùlì , born 30 June 1977 ) is a Malaysian actress .
Jirair Sefilian ( Armenian : Ժիրայր Սեֆիլեան ( classical ) , Ժիրայր Սեֆիլյան ( reformed ) ; born 10 July 1967 ) is a Lebanese - born Armenian military commander and political activist .
Henrietta Moraes ( 22 May 1931 -- 6 January 1999 ) was a British artists ' model and memoirist .
Liam Redmond ( 27 July 1913 -- 31 October 1989 ) was an Irish actor known for his stage , film and television roles .
Alfred Duggan ( 1903 - -1964 ) was a British historian , archeologist and best - selling historical novelist during the 1950s .
Nicolas Woodman ( born 21 March 1986 in Birmingham ) is an English actor best known for playing Jack Hollins in the BBC soap , Doctors from 2009 - 2012 .
Kas Hartadi ( born 6 December 1970 ) is an Indonesian football manager and former player , that is currently managing Cilegon United .
Rosemary Radcliffe ( born 1949 ) is a Canadian comic actress , writer , composer and painter .
Frederick Stanley Haines ( 29 March 1879 in Meaford , Ontario -- 21 November 1960 in Thornhill , Ontario ) , more commonly known as Fred S. Haines , was a Canadian painter .
Simon Arnott ( born 14 February 1976 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the Sydney Swans and Geelong in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Nathan Gardner ( born 3 July 1990 ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer of the Wentworthville Magpies .
Hoa Nguyen ( Vĩnh Long , 1967 ) is an American poet .
Martha Lane Fox , Baroness Lane - Fox of Soho , CBE ( born 10 February 1973 ) is a British businesswoman , philanthropist , and public servant .
Qian Yunlu ( Chinese : 钱运录 ; pinyin : Qián Yùnlù ; born 1944 ) is a retired Chinese politician .
Chicago May ( 1870 - 1929 ) was the nickname of Mary Anne Duignan , an Irish - born criminal who became notorious in America , Britain and France .
Lee Ki - ho ( Hangul : 이기호 , born 17 August 1984 ) is a South Korean speed skater .
Roger Allers ( born 1949 ) is an American film director , screenwriter , storyboard artist , animator and playwright .
Rehema Ellis ( born , 1954 ) is an American television journalist , working for NBC News .
Axel Wittke ( born 25 March 1960 ) is a former football player who has played both in the DDR - Oberliga and the 2 .
Viktor Ullmann ( 1 January 1898 , in Teschen -- 18 October 1944 , in KZ Auschwitz - Birkenau ) was a Silesia - born Austrian composer , conductor and pianist of Jewish origin .
Wang Pinxian ( born 14 November 1936 in Suzhou , Jiangsu Province ) is a Chinese marine geologist .
Harvey Dinnerstein ( born 1928 ) , is a figurative artist and educator .
Prof . Hari Narke ( मराठीः प्रा. हरी नरके ) Born on 1 June 1963 is a Scholar , Author and Orator of International repute .
Lena Stolze ( born 8 August 1956 in Berlin ) is a German television and film actress .
Rhie Won - bok ( born 4 October 1946 ) is a South Korean cartoonist and professor .
Polly Frame ( born in 1976 ) is a Scottish actress who was born in Edinburgh , Scotland and is best known to children as Pinky Pinkerton , the hyperactive sports announcer on Disney Channel 's pre - school television series Bunnytown .
Yseult Gervy ( born 20 January 1979 ) is a retired Belgian swimmer who won the bronze medal in the 400 m medley at the 2000 European Aquatics Championships .
Alan Allport ( born 1970 ) is a British historian whose work looks at the relationship between war and society during the period of the two world wars .
Isabel de Solís ( fl . 1485 ) , was the slave concubine and later the consort of Abu l - Hasan Ali , Sultan of Granada .
Vaklush Tolev was born in Bulgaria on 7 January 1923 ( Christmas Eve old style ) , in the village of Popovitsa , Plovdiv .
Lee Khoon Choy ( Chinese : 李炯才 ; pinyin : Lǐ Jǐongcái born 24 January 1924 ) was a Malaysian teacher and journalist , and a Singaporean journalist , politician and diplomat , and an author and painter .
Frank Kozloski ( 1916 - -2003 ) was an aeronautical engineer who worked on early tandem rotor helicopters and was one of the founders of Piasecki Helicopter 's .
Mahamadou Danda ( born 25 July 1951 ) is a Nigerien political figure who was appointed as Prime Minister of Niger by the Supreme Council for the Restoration of Democracy ( CSRD ) on 23 February 2010 and left office on 7 April 2011 .
Fiona Pennie ( born 9 November 1982 ) is a British slalom canoeist who has competed internationally since 1997 .
D. Dominick Lombardi ( Bronx , New York 1954 ) is a visual artist , writer and art critic ; the U.S. editor of dArt international magazine ; as well as a curator .
Kaja Norum ( Born 17 April 1989 ) is a Norwegian model and figurativist painter .
Arthur Andrew McCutcheon ( born 29 September 1931 ) is a former Australian politician , Attorney - General of Victoria from 1987 to 1990 .
Eli Avidar ( born 3 December 1964 ) is the Managing Director of the Israel Diamond Institute Group of Companies and used to be an official in the Israeli Foreign Ministry .
Enrique Llanos ( born 5 July 1980 in San Juan ) is a Puerto Rican hurdler .
Nurul Sriyankem ( Thai : นูรูล ศรียานเก็ม ; rtgs : Nurun Siyankem , born 8 February 1992 ) , simply known as Nu ( Thai : นู ) , is a Thai footballer who plays for Thai Premier League clubside Chonburi as a Forward
Buddhadev Das Gupta ( born 1 February 1933 ) in his maternal home at Bhagalpur , India to parents Prafulla Mohan Dasgupta and Bhabani Dasgupta .
Aribert Mog ( 1904 - -1941 ) was a German film actor who played in a mixture of leading and supporting roles during the 1930s .
Cosimo Bottegari ( 1554 - -1620 ) was an Italian lutenist and composer of the Late Renaissance era .
Vidya Pillai was born on 26 November 1977 in the southern Indian city of Chennai , Tamil Nadu .
Halsey Chase Herreshoff ( born 1933 ) is a Naval Architect of production- and custom yachts , sailor and former president of Herreshoff Marine Museum .
Encyclopedia Fuckme and the Case of the Vanishing Entree is an independently developed freeware dating sim developed and written by Anna Anthropy .
Econet was Acorn Computers 's low - cost local area network system , intended for use by schools and small businesses .
High Integrity C++ ( HIC++ or formerly HICPP ) is a software coding standard for the C++ programming language developed by Programming Research Limited .
MS - DOS Editor , commonly just called edit , is a character - based text editor that comes with MS - DOS ( since version 5 ) and 32-bit versions of Microsoft Windows .
Monster Maulers , known in Japan as Kyukyoku Sentai Dadandarn ( 究極戦隊ダダンダーン lit . `` Ultimate Squad Dadandarn '' ) , is a 1993 fighting arcade game developed and published by Konami .
Modem Wars is a 1988 real - time tactics game developed by Ozark Softscape and published by Electronic Arts for the IBM PC and Commodore 64 platforms .
Angry Birds 2 is a 2015 puzzle video game developed by Rovio Entertainment as the twelfth game in the Angry Birds series , and is the direct sequel to the original Angry Birds .
Twisted Metal 4 is a vehicular combat video game developed by 989 Studios and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation .
Infinity Blade III is an action role - playing game for iOS , developed by Chair Entertainment and Epic Games .
Point of Destruction is an action game for the Gizmondo .
Kirby 's Avalanche , known in Europe as Kirby 's Ghost Trap , is a puzzle video game co - developed by HAL Laboratory , Compile and Banpresto .
Project Milo ( also referred to as Milo and Kate ) was a project in development by Lionhead Studios for the Xbox 360 video game console .
Blaster Master 2 is a video game developed by Software Creations and published exclusively in North America by Sunsoft of America for the Sega Genesis on March 15 , 1993 .
Empire Earth is a 2001 real - time strategy video game developed by Stainless Steel Studios and released on November 23 , 2001 .
Jigsaw Madness is a puzzle video game released for PlayStation in 2002 , developed by Nippon Ichi Software and published by XS Games .
Peggle 2 is a puzzle video game developed by PopCap Games .
Of Orcs and Men is a fantasy action role - playing game developed by Cyanide and Spiders for PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 and PC .
Star Citizen and Squadron 42 are produced by Chris Roberts ' company Cloud Imperium Games and its European counterpart Foundry 42 and marketed under the Cloud Imperium Games subsidiary Roberts Space Industries .
Fate of Hellas ( Russian : Судьба Эллады ) ( released as Great War Nations : The Spartans in North America ) is a real - time PC strategy video game , published by JoWood and developed by World Forge .
Air Warrior was a multiplayer on - line air - combat simulator launched by Kesmai in 1988 .
Atomic Punk , released in Japan as Bomber Boy ( ボンバーボーイ Bonbā Bōi ) and in Europe as Dynablaster , is a video game released for the Game Boy in 1990 by Hudson Soft and licensed by Nintendo , as part of the Bomberman series .
Your Shape is an exercise video game developed by Ubisoft , released for PCs and the Wii in 2009 .
Strider 2 , released in Japan as Strider Hiryū 2 ( ストライダー飛竜２ Sutoraidā Hiryū Tsū ) , is Capcom 's 1999 sequel to the original Strider .
Mad Dash Racing ( sometimes referred to as simply Mad Dash ) is a racing game for the Xbox developed by Crystal Dynamics and published by Eidos Interactive .
MyColors is a digital distribution platform for themes developed by Stardock .
Dungeon Siege III is an action role - playing game developed by Obsidian Entertainment and published by Square Enix for the PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 and Microsoft Windows in 2011 .
OutNumbered ! is an educational computer game published by The Learning Company in 1990 for both Windows and Macintosh PCs . It is aimed at children ages seven to fourteen and is designed to teach children mathematical computation and problem solving skills .
Crashday is a destruction derby / racing / car stunts game co - developed by Replay Studios , Moonbyte Games and published by Atari .
GoldSrc ( also known as Goldsource ) was a game engine used internally by Valve Corporation .
Art Alive ! is a paint program released by Sega for the Sega Mega Drive in 1991 .
3D Tanx is a shoot 'em up video game written by Don Priestley and published by dk'tronics in 1982 for the ZX Spectrum , C64 and BBC Micro .
The Windows Installer CleanUp Utility ( MSICUU2.exe ) was a software utility for the Microsoft Windows operating system designed to solve uninstallation problems of programs that use the Windows Installer technology .
Deca Sports Extreme is a sports video game for the Nintendo 3DS which is developed by Hudson Soft and published by Konami in the Deca Sports series .
DJMax Technika Tune is a music game for the PlayStation Vita published and developed by Pentavision Studio in South Korea , and is an adaptation of the earlier DJMax Technika arcade game series .
Slave Zero is a 1999 action video game developed by Accolade and published by Infogrames Entertainment , SA . The game was originally designed to work with Windows 95 and Windows 98 .
Robodemons is an action video game with shooting elements that was released for the Nintendo Entertainment System by Color Dreams on December 1989 .
F1 World Grand Prix 2000 is a racing video game developed by Eutechnyx .
Airfix Dogfighter is a 2000 flight - combat video game for the personal computer ; developed by Unique Development Studios and Paradox Entertainment , published by EON Digital Entertainment , it was released on January 14 in North America and Europe .
Blade Master is a scrolling hack and slash arcade game released by Irem in 1991 .
Armored Warriors , known in Japan as Powered Gear - Strategic Variant Armor Equipment ( パワードギア ) , is a 1994 mecha - themed beat - em - up game released by Capcom as a coin - operated video game for their CP System II hardware .
On 11 August 2010 , Sports Interactive published a video announcing a number of new features that will be included in Football Manager 2011 .
Iridion II is a scrolling shooter video game developed by Shin'en Multimedia and published by Majesco Entertainment and Sierra Entertainment in North America and PAL regions respectively for the Game Boy Advance handheld video game console .
Lunar Pool ( known as Lunar Ball ( ルナーボール Runā Bōru ) in Japan ) is a rough simulation of pool ( pocket billiards ) combined with aspects of miniature golf , created by Compile for the Nintendo Entertainment System and MSX , in which each stage is a differently shaped pool table .
Space War is a video game cartridge for the Atari 2600 , released in 1978 by Atari , Inc ..
The Tone Rebellion is a science fiction real - time strategy game created by The Logic Factory .
Nimble Quest is an adventure video game released by NimbleBit on March 28 , 2013 .
ESPN MLS ExtraTime 2002 , or ESPN MLS ExtraTime , is a sports video game released in 2002 by Konami .
Sibak Al Fursan ( Race of the Horsemen ) is a free - to - play 3D , episodic racing game from Kuma Reality Games .
Rig Racer 2 is a video game developed by Data Design Interactive for the PlayStation 2 , PC , and for the Wii .
Mars Cars is a 1982 Apple II game produced by Datamost .
Hospital Tycoon is a business simulation video game developed by DR Studios and published by Codemasters .
Shinobi , known in Japan as Shinobi 3D , is a video game developed by Griptonite Games ( a division of Foundation 9 ) and published by Sega as part of the Shinobi series , and was released worldwide in November 2011 .
Soul Fjord is a hybrid Roguelike / Rhythm game developed by Airtight Games exclusively for the Ouya games console .
Mega Man Battle & Chase , known in Japan as Rockman Battle & Chase ( ロックマン バトル&チェイス ) , is a PlayStation racing video game based on the original Mega Man series from Capcom .
Mistmare is a 2003 action role - playing game from Arxel Tribe set in alternate medieval Europe .
The Bugs Bunny Crazy Castle , known in Japan as Roger Rabbit ( ロジャーラビット ) for the Family Computer Disk System is a 1989 action - puzzle video game developed by Kemco for the NES .
The Lost Vikings is a puzzle - platform video game developed by Silicon & Synapse ( now Blizzard Entertainment ) and published by Interplay .
The Genesis Code is a 2010 American drama film directed by C. Thomas Howell and Patrick Read Johnson , and written by Michael W. Leighton .
Ouaga - Saga is a 2004 comedy film by Burkina Faso - based filmmaker Dani Kouyaté .
Puthiya Vaarpugal is a 1979 Tamil language feature film directed by P. Bharathiraja .
After Darkness is a 1985 Swiss horror film directed by Dominique Othenin - Girard and Sergio Guerraz .
Bewitching Kisses ( Spanish : Besos Brujos ) is a 1937 Argentine romantic drama film musical directed and written by José A. Ferreyra , based on a story by Enrique García Velloso .
The Ancient Highway is a 1925 American adventure silent film directed by Irvin Willat and written by James Oliver Curwood , James Shelley Hamilton and Eve Unsell .
Pekka ja Pätkä Suezilla ( Swedish : Träskalle och Stumpen i Suez , English : Pekka and Pätkä on Suez ) is a 1958 Finnish comedy directed by Armand Lohikoski and starring Esa Pakarinen and Masa Niemi .
J'ai faim ! ! ! ( I 'm hungry ! ! ! ) is a 2001 French comedy film directed by Florence Quentin .
Je Bho Ramrai Bho ( in Nepali:जे भो राम्रै भो ) is a 2003 Nepali film directed by Hari Bansha Acharya .
China Heavyweight ( also known by its Chinese title 千錘百煉 ) is a 2012 documentary film by the Chinese - Canadian documentary film director Yung Chang and released by EyeSteelFilm .
Aidondla Aidu ( Kannada : ಐದೊಂದ್ಲ ಐದು ) is a 2011 Indian Kannada language anthology drama film directed by V. K. Prakash and produced by Vachan Shetty and Sujitha Prakash .
The Heroes of Telemark is a British 1965 Eastman Color war film directed by Anthony Mann based on the true story of the Norwegian heavy water sabotage during World War II . It was filmed on location in Norway .
Trouble Preferred is a 1948 American thriller film directed by James Tinling and written by Arnold Belgard .
The Fall of a Nation is a 1916 American silent drama film directed by Thomas Dixon , Jr. , and is a sequel to the 1915 film The Birth of a Nation , directed by D. W. Griffith .
Target Zero is a 1955 American drama film directed by Harmon Jones and written by James Warner Bellah and Sam Rolfe .
Police Chief Antek ( Antek policmajster ) is a 1935 Polish comedy film directed by Michał Waszyński .
One More River is a 1934 American film directed by James Whale .
Thanga Meenkal ( English : Gold Fish ) is a 2013 Indian Tamil drama film written and directed by Ram , directing his second film after Kattradhu Thamizh .
Bloodrage ( also known as Never Pick up a Stranger ) is a 1979 horror film directed by Joseph Zito ( under the pseudonym Joseph Bigwood ) and written by Robert Jahn .
The Club of the Big Deed ( Russian : Союз Великого дела ) is a 1927 Soviet silent film directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg about 1825 Decembrist revolt .
These Glamour Girls is a 1939 comedy - drama film directed by S. Sylvan Simon .
Lady Cocoa ( also known as Pop Goes the Weasel ) is a 1975 low - budget American blaxploitation crime drama that was directed by Matt Cimber .
Shabdavedhi ( Kannada : ಶಬ್ದವೇಧಿ ) is a Kannada film directed by S. Narayan and produced by Sri Bhargavi Arts Combines .
Manjina Hani is an upcoming Kannada film starring V. Ravichandran and Haripriya in the lead roles .
The Narrow Margin is a 1952 American film noir directed by Richard Fleischer and written by Earl Felton , based on an unpublished story written by Martin Goldsmith and Jack Leonard .
Paroled - To Die is a 1938 American Western film directed by Sam Newfield and written by George H. Plympton .
Goodbye , Norma Jean is a 1976 film by Larry Buchanan based on the life of Marilyn Monroe .
Anemic Cinema or Anémic Cinéma ( 1926 ) is a Dadaist , surrealist , or experimental film made by Marcel Duchamp .
Showgirl 's Luck is a 1931 Australian musical directed by Norman Dawn .
Loss of Sensation , alternatively titled Robot of Jim Ripple , Russian : `` Гибель сенсации '' ( `` Робот Джима Рипль '' ) is a 1935 Soviet science fiction sound film directed by Alexandr Andriyevsky .
The Red Mark is a 1928 silent film melodrama produced and directed by James Cruze and starring Gaston Glass .
Pyar Ka Mausam ( English : Season of Love ) is a 1969 movie under Nasir Hussain films banner .
Creatures the World Forgot is a 1971 adventure film directed by Don Chaffey and produced and written for Hammer Films by Michael Carreras .
Aromalunni is a 1972 Indian Malayalam film , directed and produced by Kunchacko based on Vadakkan Pattukal , a collection of Northern Ballads of medieval origin .
Invisible Adversaries ( German : Unsichtbare Gegner ) is a 1977 Austrian experimental drama film directed by Valie Export , her debut feature film .
Scram ! is a 1932 Laurel and Hardy film directed by Ray McCarey .
Nobody Wanted to Die ( Lithuanian : Niekas nenorėjo mirti , Russian : Никто не хотел умирать ) is a 1966 Lithuanian film made in Soviet Lithuania and directed by Vytautas Žalakevičius .
The Evil Stairs ( Hangul : 마의 계단 ; RR : Ma - ui gyedan ; also known as The Devil 's Stairway ) is a 1964 South Korean mystery film directed by Lee Man - hee .
Walker Payne is a 2006 film directed and co - written by Matt Williams .
The White Land ( Spanish : Las tierras blancas ) is a 1959 Argentine drama film directed by Hugo del Carril and starring Del Carril , Ricardo Trigo and Amanda Silva .
Beyond the Lights is a 2014 American romantic drama film directed and written by Gina Prince - Bythewood .
Flower Island ( Hangul : 꽃섬 ; RR : Ggot seom ) is a 2001 South Korean film directed by Song Il - gon .
Are All Men Pedophiles ? is a 2012 documentary film about pedophilia and hebephilia , directed by Dutch media producer Jan - Willem Breure and presented by the then 14-year - old model Savannah van Zweeden .
Irena do domu ! ( English : Irene , Go Home ! ) is a Polish comedy film from 1955 directed by Jan Fethke .
Subconscious Cruelty is an independent film written and directed by Karim Hussain and produced by Mitch Davis .
Caught in Berlin 's Underworld ( German : Die Ausgestoßenen ) is a 1927 German silent drama film directed by Martin Berger and starring Fritz Kortner , Maly Delschaft and Hans Stüwe .
And Love Has Vanished ( Serbian : Dvoje ) is a 1961 Yugoslavian drama film directed by Aleksandar Petrović .
Going Highbrow is a 1935 American comedy - musical film directed by Robert Florey .
My Destiny In Your Hands ( Portuguese : Meu Destino em Tuas Mãos ) is a 1963 Brazilian drama film written , directed by , and starring José Mojica Marins .
I Live in Grosvenor Square is a British WWII romance directed and produced by Herbert Wilcox .
Evil Senses ( Italian : Sensi ) is a 1986 Italian erotic thriller film written and directed by Gabriele Lavia and starring Monica Guerritore , the same Lavia , and Mimsy Farmer .
The Old Homestead is a 1935 American romantic western musical film directed by William Nigh .
He Knew Women is a 1930 American comedy film , directed by Hugh Herbert , from a screenplay by him and William B. Jutte , which was adapted from S. N. Behrman 's 1927 play The Second Man .
Fashions of 1934 is a 1934 American Pre - Code musical comedy film directed by William Dieterle with musical numbers created and directed by Busby Berkeley .
Count Dracula 's Great Love ( originally El gran amor del conde Drácula ) is a 1974 Spanish film directed by Javier Aguirre .
Chandrolsavam ( Malayalam:ചന്ദ്രോത്സവം ) is a 2005 Malayalam romantic drama film written and directed by Ranjith .
Nightmare City ( Italian : Incubo Sulla Cittá Contaminata ) is a 1980 Italian - Spanish zombie film directed by Umberto Lenzi .
Say Nothing is a drama , romance , and thriller film written by Madeline Sunshine and directed by Allan Moyle .
Dhoom 3 ( ( ˈd̪ʱuːm 3 ) , English : Blast 3 or Boom 3 , also abbreviated and known as D:3 and D3 ) is a 2013 Indian action film , written and directed by Fahad Rao & Vijay Krishna Acharya and produced by Aditya Chopra .
Iron Eagle II is a 1988 Israeli - Canadian - American action film directed by Sidney J. Furie .
Cruel Winter Blues ( Hangul : 열혈남아 ; RR : Yeol - hyeol - nam - a ; lit . `` A Hot - blooded Man '' ) is a 2006 South Korean film written and directed by Lee Jeong - beom .
The Hot Flashes is a film by Susan Seidelman , director of Desperately Seeking Susan .
My Heart Is Mine Alone ( German : Mein Herz -- niemandem ! ) is a 1997 German experimental drama film directed by Helma Sanders - Brahms .
21 Hours at Munich is a 1976 American TV movie directed by William A. Graham .
Mannavan Vanthaanadi ( Tamil : மன்னவன் வந்தானடி ) is a 1975 Indian Tamil film , directed by P. Madhavan .
México 2000 is a 1983 Mexican science fiction comedy film , directed by Rogelio A. González .
El tambor de Tacuarí ( English : Tacuarí 's drummer ) is a 1948 Argentine historical drama film , directed by Carlos F. Borcosque and written by Hugo Mac Dougall .
Corrientes , Street of Dreams ( Spanish : Corrientes , calle de ensueños ) is a 1949 Argentine musical film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto and starring Mariano Mores and Yeya Duciel .
Music for December ( Russian : Музыка для декабря , translit . Muzyka dlya dekabrya ) is a 1995 Russian drama film directed by Ivan Dykhovichny .
The Heart 's Cry ( French : Le Cri du coeur ) is a 1994 Burkinabé / French drama film directed by Idrissa Ouedraogo .
Go for Sisters , also known as Tomorrow You 're Gone , is a 2013 film directed by John Sayles .
En Manaivi was a 1942 Tamil language film produced by Avichi Meiyappa Chettiar and directed by Sundar Rao Nadkarni .
Mistaken Orders is a 1925 silent film action adventure directed by J. P. McGowan .
I G Inspector General is a 2009 Malayalam thriller film directed by B. Unnikrishnan .
A Life Begins ( French : Une vie qui commence ) is a 2010 Canadian French language drama film set in the sixties directed and written by Michel Monty , his debut long feature .
Mera Dil Tere Liye is a 1992 Indian Hindi film , directed by S. A. Chandrasekhar and produced by Mrs. Shohreh Bhagat .
Dipu Number Two ( Bangla : দীপু নাম্বার টু ) is directed by Morshedul Islam .
Living Wigan is a 1902 silent short documentary film directed by James Kenyon and Sagar Mitchell , showing street life and a steam tram in Wigan in August 1902 .
Asignatura pendiente is a 1977 Spanish drama film co- written and directed by José Luis Garci .
A Final Reckoning is a 1928 American Western film serial directed by Ray Taylor .
Myself Ghaint is a 2014 Indian Feature film , Punjabi film directed by Akashdeep S Batth and starring Gaurav Kakkar and Maninder Velly as leads , with Dolly Sidhu on Female Lead along with Aditi Govitrikar .
Raavanaprabhu ( Malayalam : രാവണപ്രഭു , English : Ravana the Lord ) is a 2001 Malayalam action drama film written and directed by Ranjith .
Babysitter Wanted is a 2008 American horror film directed by Jonas Barnes & Michael Manasseri being written by Jonas Barnes .
Diva Bale Sari Raat is an Indian Punjabi movie released in 1990 , directed by Harpal Tiwana .
Do n't Look Back , My Son ( Croatian : Ne okreći se sine ) , also known as My Son Do n't Turn Round in the United States , is a 1956 Croatian film directed by Branko Bauer .
Maanthrikam is a 1995 Malayalam movie directed by Thampi Kannanthanam .
No Trace is a 1950 British crime film directed by John Gilling and starring Hugh Sinclair , Dinah Sheridan and John Laurie .
How Yukong Moved the Mountains ( French : Comment Yukong déplaça les montagnes ) is a 1976 French documentary film directed by Joris Ivens .
Volga - Volga ( Russian : Волга-Волга ) is a Soviet film comedy directed by Grigori Aleksandrov , released on April 24 , 1938 .
Buy Me That Town is a 1941 American comedy film directed by Eugene Forde and written by Murray Boltinoff , Harry A. Gourfair , Gordon Kahn and Martin Rackin .
Aksharaya ( A Letter of Fire ) is a 2005 French - Sri Lankan film directed by Asoka Handagama .
Kalyaanappanthal is a 1975 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Dr. Balakrishnan .
Meet the Mormons is a 2014 American documentary film directed by Blair Treu and produced by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS Church ) .
In July 2010 , David Cage of Quantic Dream announced that the Chronicles downloadable content was put on indefinite hiatus due to Heavy Rain :
Corações em Suplício is a 1926 Brazilian drama film directed by Eugenio Centenaro Kerrigan and produced by Masotti Film ( locally also nicked Estúdios Masotti and Irmãos Masotti ) in Guaranésia , MG in 1925 , the town where it was run .
$ pent is a 2000 drama film , directed by Gil Cates Jr.
Meet the Fockers is a 2004 American comedy film directed by Jay Roach and the sequel to Meet the Parents .
Riders of the Deadline is a 1943 American Western film directed by Lesley Selander and written by Bennett Cohen .
Ten Thousand Years Older is a 2002 documentary film by Werner Herzog about the Amondauas ( Uru Eus ) people of Brazil .
Mediastan is a 2013 documentary film about the 2010 United States diplomatic cables leak , directed by Johannes Wahlström and produced by Julian Assange , Rebecca O'Brien and Lauren Dark .
Beyond the Mat is a 1999 documentary directed , written , produced and narrated by Barry W. Blaustein .
Fire in the Night is a 2013 British documentary film about the Piper Alpha disaster directed by Anthony Wonke .
Outing Riley is a 2004 comedy film written , directed , and starring Pete Jones , about a gay man coming out to his three brothers .
The Decay of Fiction is a 2002 American 35 mm part color and part black - and - white experimental film noir project directed by independent filmmaker and artist Pat O'Neill .
Navagraha Nayagi ( Tamil : நவகிரக நாயகி ) is a 1985 Indian Tamil film , directed by K. Shankar and produced by L. N. Nachiappan , L. N. Chidambaram and V. Rangasamy .
Yes Your Honour is a 2006 Malayalam film directed by V. M. Vinu .
What Richard Did is a 2012 Irish film directed by Lenny Abrahamson and written by Malcolm Campbell .
Gestern und heute ( lit . `` Yesterday and today '' ) is a 1938 German Nazi propaganda short film directed by Hans Steinhoff .
20 Minute Workout was created by Ron Harris in 1983 , produced by Tantra Entertainment in association with the Canadian animation company Nelvana , and broadcast locally on Citytv .
Olavina Udugore ( Kannada : ಒಲವಿನ ಉಡುಗೊರೆ ) is a 1987 Indian Kannada language film directed , written and co - produced by D. Rajendra Babu .
Melvilasom ( English : The Address ) is a 2011 Indian courtroom drama film directed by Madhav Ramadasan and written by Soorya Krishna Moorthy .
Body Scent ( Serbo - Croatian : ' Zadah tela ' ) , is a 1983 Yugoslav drama film directed by Živojin Pavlović .
Satan , Hold My Hand or Satan Hold My Hand is a 2013 horror - comedy feature film edited , co - produced and directed by Courtney Fathom Sell .
Slaughter 's Big Rip - Off is a 1973 Blaxploitation film directed by Gordon Douglas and written by Charles Eric Johnson .
Written by Daniel Powell and Greg White and directed by Aaron Augenblick and Lucy Snyder , `` Treegasm '' was inspired by funny - looking trees , such as trees that appear to have genitalia or are having sex .
Beyond the Front Line ( Finnish : Etulinjan edessä , Swedish : Framom främsta linjen ) is a 2004 Finnish war film directed by Åke Lindman .
`` Reason and Emotion '' was directed by Bill Roberts , while animation was done by Ward Kimball and Ollie Johnson .
Monkeyshines , No . 1 was shot by William K.L. Dickson and William Heise for the Edison labs .
A Woman as a Friend ( Italian : Una donna per amica ) is a 2014 romantic comedy film written and directed by Giovanni Veronesi and starring Fabio De Luigi and Laetitia Casta .
11 Harrowhouse is a 1974 British film directed by Aram Avakian .
They Came Together is a 2014 American comedy film directed by David Wain and written by Wain and Michael Showalter .
The Scarlett O'Hara War is a 1980 made for TV movie directed by John Erman .
Our Children ( French : À perdre la raison ) is a 2012 Belgian - French psychological drama film directed by Joachim Lafosse .
Speed to Burn is a 1938 American crime drama film , directed by Otto Brower .
The Great Cognito is an Oscar - nominated claymation short directed by Will Vinton .
The Snake Brothers ( Czech : Kobry a užovky , literally Cobras and Grass Snakes ) is a 2015 Czech crime drama film directed by Jan Prušinovský .
Brandos Costumes ( 1974 ) is a Portuguese film directed by Alberto Seixas Santos which was a part of the Novo Cinema movement -- influenced by the cinematographic neo - realism and specially by the Nouvelle Vague .
The Immortal Garrison ( Russian : Бессмертный гарнизон , Bessmertnyy garnizon ) is a 1956 Soviet war film directed by Zakhar Agranenko and Eduard Tisse .
Heading Home ( also called Headin ' Home ) is a 1920 American silent film directed by Lawrence C. Windom .
The McGuerins from Brooklyn is a 1942 American comedy film directed by Kurt Neumann and written by Earle Snell and Clarence Marks .
Dark Alibi is a 1946 American film directed by Phil Karlson featuring Sidney Toler as Charlie Chan .
Man Without a Name ( Hungarian : Azonosítás ) is a 1976 Hungarian drama film directed by László Lugossy .
Gambeeram ( Majestic Look ) is a 2004 Tamil film directed by Suresh and featuring Sarath Kumar and Laila in the lead roles .
Gozonji Azuma Otoko ( 御存知東男 ) is a 1939 black - and - white Japanese film directed by Eisuke Takizawa .
Jóia Maldita is a 1920 Brazilian silent drama film directed by and starring Luiz de Barros .
Out for a Kill is a 2003 straight - to - video action film directed by Michael Oblowitz .
A Sense of Freedom is a 1981 Scottish crime film directed by John Mackenzie for Scottish Television .
How They Get There is a short film directed by Spike Jonze , which illustrates how lonely shoes wind up in the gutter .
Apartment Eight is a 1987 Lower East Side comedy short film by director Matthew Harrison , which won Best Comedy at the 1988 New York Film Festival Downtown and the Mystic Fire Independent Film Award at the 1989 Ann Arbor Film Festival .
Lawyer Vera ( Czech : Advokátka Věra ) is a 1937 Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič .
Love Is the Power of Women ( German : Die Liebe ist der Frauen Macht ) is a 1924 German silent film directed by Erich Engel and Georg Bluen and starring Fern Andra , Henri Peters - Arnolds and Fred Immler .
Straža na Drini ( Watch on the Drina ) is a 1942 documentary war film directed by Branko Marjanović .
Kaaval Dheivam ( Tamil : காவல் தெய்வம் ) is a 1969 Indian Tamil film , directed by K. Vijayan .
Grubstake , also known as Apache Gold , is a 1952 American Western film directed by Larry Buchanan .
The Friends at the Margherita Cafe ( Italian : Gli amici del bar Margherita , also known as The Friends of Bar Margherita ) is a 2009 Italian comedy film directed by Pupi Avati .
The Red Horses , ( Danish : De Røde Heste ) , is a 1950 Danish romantic drama directed by Alice O'Fredericks and Jon Iversen , based on the popular novel by Morten Korch .
The Remittance Man is an Australian melodrama film directed by W. J. Lincoln about a thief 's reformation .
Oxhide ( Chinese : 牛皮 ; pinyin : niú pí ) , directed by Liu Jiayin , is a 2005 narrative independent Chinese film that portrays the director 's family and their apartment in Beijing .
His Sweetheart is a 1917 American drama silent film directed by Donald Crisp and written by George Beban , John B. Clymer and Lawrence McCloskey .
Freddy vs. Jason is a 2003 American slasher action film directed by Ronny Yu .
Nee Sukhame Ne Koruthunna ( Telugu : నీ సుఖమే నే కోరుతున్న ) is a Telugu film directed by actor Giri Babu .
Candles in the Dark is a 1993 made for television Christmas film directed by Maximilian Schell .
Seven Nights in Japan is a 1976 drama film directed by Lewis Gilbert .
A Horrible Way to Die is a 2010 American horror film written by Simon Barrett , directed by Adam Wingard , and produced by Travis Stevens , Simon Barrett , and Kim Sherman .
The 14 is a 1973 British drama film directed by David Hemmings .
Avidathepole Ivideyum is a 1985 Indian Malayalam film , directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan and produced by Raju Mathew .
Pigsy Eats Watermelon ( Chinese : 猪八戒吃西瓜 ) is a chinese animation produced at the Shanghai Animation Film Studio by Wan Laiming and Wan Guchan .
Je t'aime John Wayne ( 2000 ) is a ten - minute short film parody directed by Toby MacDonald about a young man in London obsessed with imitating Jean - Paul Belmondo in the film Breathless , who in turn was pretending to be Humphrey Bogart .
Nuits Rouges is a 1974 French - Italian crime and thriller film directed by Georges Franju .
Dial 1119 is a 1950 film noir directed by Gerald Mayer , nephew of Louis B. Mayer .
Aashiqui 2 is a 2013 Indian musical romance film directed by Mohit Suri .
Cinesound Varieties is a 1934 Australian variety short film from director Ken G. Hall made to go out on a double - bill with the full - length feature , The Silence of Dean Maitland ( 1934 ) .
Il saprofita ( internationally released as The Profiteer ) is a 1974 Italian drama film directed by Sergio Nasca .
Nothing Bad Can Happen ( German : Tore tanzt ) is a 2013 German drama film directed by Katrin Gebbe .
Old Man Rhythm is a 1935 American musical film directed by Edward Ludwig from a screenplay by Sig Herzig and Ernest Pagano , based on a story by Herzig , Lewis Gensler , and Don Hartman .
The Turkish Passion ( Spanish : La Pasión Turca ) is a 1994 Spanish film , written and directed by Vicente Aranda adapted from a popular novel by Antonio Gala .
Siren of Bagdad is a 1953 Technicolor fantasy adventure film produced by Sam Katzman and directed by Richard Quine set in the medieval Persian Empire .
Love and Pigeons ( Russian : Любовь и голуби ) is a 1984 Soviet romantic comedy film by Vladimir Menshov whose previous film Moscow Does Not Believe In Tears won an Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film .
My Little Loves ( French : Mes Petites Amoureuses from a poem by Arthur Rimbaud ) is a French drama film written and directed by Jean Eustache , his second and last feature .
Counsellor at Law is a 1933 American Pre - Code drama film directed by William Wyler .
The Crosby Case is a 1934 American crime film directed by Edwin L. Marin and written by Warren B. Duff and Gordon Kahn .
Shirli - Myrli ( Russian : Ширли-мырли , International title - What a Mess ! ) is a 1995 farce comedy film of late post - Perestroyka era directed by Vladimir Menshov based on a screenplay by Vitali Moskalenko and Andrei Samsonov .
Alias John Law is a 1935 American western film directed by Robert N. Bradbury , produced by Supreme Pictures , released by William Steiner Productions on a states - rights basis and starring Bob Steele .
Rusty Knife ( 錆びたナイフ Sabita naifu ) is a 1958 action Japanese film directed by Toshio Masuda .
Assassin of Youth ( 1937 ) is an exploitation film directed by Elmer Clifton .
Futureworld is a 1976 American science fiction thriller film directed by Richard T. Heffron and written by Mayo Simon and George Schenck .
The Flying Torpedo is a 1916 American silent drama directed by John B. O'Brien and Christy Cabanne .
Je suis le seigneur du château ( English : I 'm the King of the Castle ) is a 1989 French motion picture , directed by Régis Wargnier , loosely based on the novel I 'm the King of the Castle by the English writer Susan Hill .
Ringo the Lone Rider ( Spanish : Dos hombres van a morir , Italian : Ringo , il cavaliere solitario ) is a 1968 Spanish - Italian Spaghetti western film directed by Rafael Romero Marchent .
The Amina Profile ( French : Le profil Amina ) is a Canadian documentary film directed by Sophie Deraspe and coproduced by Esperamos and the National Film Board of Canada , which premiered at the 2015 Sundance Film Festival in the World Cinema category .
O Concurso is a 2013 Brazilian comedy film directed by Pedro Vasconcellos .
Weirdsville is a black comedy directed by Allan Moyle and written by Willem Wennekers .
The Belt ( Italian : La cintura ) is a 1989 Italian erotic drama film directed by Giuliana Gamba .
Shinjuku Triad Society ( Shinjuku kuroshakai : Chaina mafia sensô ) is a 1995 Japanese film directed by Takashi Miike .
At Bay is a 1915 silent film drama directed by George Fitzmaurice and starring Florence Reed .
Think Like a Man Too is a 2014 romantic comedy film directed by Tim Story and the sequel to Story 's 2012 film Think Like a Man based on Steve Harvey 's book Act Like a Lady , Think Like a Man .
Beau fixe ( also known as Set Fare ) is a 1992 French film directed by Christian Vincent , who co - wrote screenplay with Philippe Alard .
The Family Strikes Back is a 1986 Hong Kong action comedy film produced , directed by and starring Dean Shek .
The post of Commander - in - Chief , Portsmouth was merged with that of Commander - in - Chief , Plymouth in 1969 to form the post of Commander - in - Chief , Naval Home Command ( CINCNAVHOME ) .
The Civil Rights Congress ( CRC ) was a United States civil rights organization , formed in 1946 at a national conference for radicals and disbanded in 1956 .
The Bon Secours Mother and Baby Home , St Mary 's Mother and Baby Home , or simply The Home , was a maternity home for unmarried mothers and their children that operated between 1925 and 1961 in Tuam , County Galway , Ireland .
Kieran Wallace and Eamonn Richardson were appointed joint provisional liquidators to OSC Operations Limited ( the `` Company '' ) trading as Clerys , on 12 June 2015 .
The Sultanate of Lahej became an independent entity , from 1728 to 1839 .
The Kingdom of Sedang came to an end when King Marie the First ( who had earlier become a convert to Islam and married several local women ) died under mysterious circumstances ( various reports claim by poisoning , snakebite or as the result of a duel ) on November 11 , 1890 at Tioman , Malaya .
The National Socialist Motor Corps ( German : Nationalsozialistisches Kraftfahrkorps , NSKK ) was a paramilitary organization of the Nazi Party ( NSDAP ) that officially existed from May 1931 to 1945 .
In June 2009 the National Audit Office estimated that the failure of the Metronet PPP contract cost the taxpayer up to £ 410 m adding that `` most of the blame for Metronet 's collapse lay with the consortium itself . ''
The Cognet de Seynes / C de S was a French automobile manufactured in Lyon from 1912 or 1913 until 1926 .
The Mosquito Coast was incorporated into Nicaragua in 1894 ; however , in 1960 , the northern part was granted to Honduras by the International Court of Justice .
The Le Piaf was a French automobile manufactured from 1951 to 1952 .
Zamość Voivodeship ( Polish : województwo zamojskie ) was a unit of administrative division and local government in Poland in years 1975 - -1998 , superseded by Lublin Voivodeship .
On August 1 , 2005 , Blizzard Entertainment announced the closure of Blizzard North .
At the time of the surrender of Nazi Germany in 1945 , the remaining men of the Indian Legion made efforts to march to neutral Switzerland over the Alps , but these efforts proved futile as they were captured by American and French troops and eventually shipped back to India to face charges of treason .
In 1846 the Imperial administration of the Caucasus was reorganized and the Georgia - Imeretia Governorate was abolished , with its territory forming the new governorates of Tiflis and Kutaisi .
The Taifa of Majorca was a medieval Moorish taifa kingdom which existed from 1018 to 1203 in Majorca .
Pan - Car was a Greek producer of automobiles and light trucks , operating between 1968 and 1994 .
The Kingdom of Saxony ( German : Königreich Sachsen ) , lasting between 1806 and 1918 , was an independent member of a number of historical confederacies in Napoleonic through post - Napoleonic Germany .
The General Commission of German Trade Unions was an umbrella body for German trade unions during the German Empire , from the end of the Anti - Socialist Laws in 1890 up to 1919 .
ICI announces the intended sale of Quest International to Givaudan , with expected completion in Q1 2007 .
IntraCorp went bankrupt in 1996 and shut down all its operations , including Capstone Software .
The League of West German Communists ( German : Bund Westdeutscher Kommunisten , abbreviated BWK ) was a Maoist communist political organization in the Federal Republic of Germany , active between 1980 and 1995 and one of the last surviving `` K - Groups '' ( de ) established in the aftermath of the German student movement .
The Hungarian Soviet Republic or Hungarian Republic of Councils ( Hungarian : Magyarországi Tanácsköztársaság or Magyarországi Szocialista Szövetséges Tanácsköztársaság ) was a short - lived independent communist state established in Hungary in the aftermath of World War I. It was the successor of the Hungarian Democratic Republic and lasted only from 21 March until 1 August 1919 .
The High Council of Regency was a political body which ruled Principality of Albania from 30 January 1920 until 31 January 1925 .
The Booktrust Teenage Prize was last awarded in 2010 and is no longer running .
The Saadi dynasty or Saadian dynasty ( Arabic : سعديون ; original name Bani Zaydan ) was a dynasty that ruled Morocco from 1554 to 1659 .
The Duchy of Lucca was a small Italian state existing from 1815 to 1847 .
The Kinks broke up in 1996 , a result of the commercial failures of their last few albums and creative tension between the Davies brothers .
In 1925 , the Madras Presidency ( Tamil Nadu ) Congress passed a resolution unanimously praising Periyar 's contribution to the Vaikom Satyagraha and hailing him as the Vaikom Veerar ( Vaikom Hero ) in the Kanchipuram Session .
George Smalridge was born at Lichfield , son of the Sheriff of Lichfield Thomas Smalridge , George received his early education , this being completed at Westminster School and at Christ Church , Oxford .
Henry Augustus Pearson Torrey ( 1837 - -1902 ) ( also known as `` HAP '' or `` Happy '' Torrey ) was a professor of philosophy at the University of Vermont .
Laura Jacobs hails from Chicago , Illinois , and holds a B.A. in English Literature from Northwestern University .
Beth Keller , also known as `` BK '' : was a triple threat at Clemson University as a standout women 's soccer player , all - star academic achiever , and committed , community volunteer from 1996 - 2000 .
The college education of Puthussery Ramachandran started at Sree Narayana College , Kollam where he was involved in students struggle as the leader of the Students ' Federation and imprisoned .
Ruth Gay attended Queens College in 1943 and received a master 's in library science from Columbia University in 1969 .
Tim Flach studied Communications Design at the North East London Polytechnic ( 1977 - -1980 ) and then Photography and Painted Structures at Saint Martin 's School of Art ( 1982 - -1983 ) .
Noriaki Kano completed his undergraduate , masters , and doctoral degrees in the engineering school of the University of Tokyo .
Shellie McMillon was one of the stars of a DuSable High School team from Chicago that won back - to - back Chicago Public League championships and in 1954 became the first team with black players and a black coach to play in the Illinois state championship game .
Neil Lazarus earned a B.A. in Political Science from the University of Wales .
Einar Sverdrup studied to be a mining engineer in the United States and at the Norwegian Institute of Technology in Trondhjem .
After the Iraqi Revolution broke out in 1958 and the monarchy was overthrown , Nuha al - Radi became a ceramist , having joined the Byam Shaw School of Art in London and later worked with Chelsea Pottery .
John Mortimer was educated at the Dragon School , in Oxford , and Harrow School , where he joined the Communist Party forming a one - member cell .
Born in Glasgow and a graduate of Glasgow School of Art where she studied design and photography , May Miles Thomas worked as production designer , writer , editor , director of photography , producer and director .
Robert T. Craig is a communication theorist from the University of Colorado , Boulder who received his B.A. in Speech at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison , and his M.A and PhD.
Helmut W. Schulz ( 1912 -- 28 January 2006 ) is a German chemical engineer and professor at Columbia University known for his many works in disparate fields like nuclear physics , rocketry and waste - to - energy processes .
Born in Poona ( now Pune ) , India , Cyril Reed 's cricket career began in England , when he attended Bedford School and played for Bedfordshire in the Minor Counties Cricket Championship between 1924 and 1927 .
Ethel Turner was educated at Paddington Public School and Sydney Girls High School -- she was one of the school 's original thirty - seven pupils .
John C. Gibson graduated with a B.C.E. in Civil Engineering from Villanova University .
A graduate of George Washington University , Pevner began his literary career in 1991 , founding Stephen Pevner , Inc. He quickly began representing some of the most culturally relevant writers / filmmakers of his generation including Gregg Araki , Tom DiCillo , Karen Salmansohn , Richard Linklater and Todd Solondz .
Charlotte Fullerton graduated with a BA in Cinema - Television / Production from the University of Southern California , and started her career in children 's entertainment as an Assistant at Fox Kids Network .
Norman Matthews was born in Britain on 12 February 1904 at Swansea , and was educated in Swansea at the Bishop Gore School , before matriculating at the University of Oxford ( Jesus College ) , where he held a Meyricke exhibition ( scholarship ) .
In 1814 Horatio Greenough enrolled at Phillips Academy , Andover , and in 1821 he entered Harvard University .
After high school , Clay Christiansen attended the University of Kansas in Lawrence , Kansas , where he was a member of the Jayhawks baseball team prior to embarking on his professional career .
Gerrit Mannoury ( 1867 - -1956 ) was a Dutch philosopher and mathematician , professor at the University of Amsterdam and communist , known as the central figure in the signific circle , a Dutch counterpart of the Vienna circle .
Born on 1 April 1912 , Michael Whitworth Prynne was educated at Bedford School , at St John 's College , Cambridge and at the Royal Military Academy , Woolwich .
Jennifer Hornsby earned her PhD from the University of Cambridge under the direction of Bernard Williams .
Eddie Brill attended Emerson College , where he founded the Emerson Comedy Workshop along with Denis Leary , Chris Phillips and Adam Roth .
Parimal Trivedi is an adviser for education and Vice - Chancellor of Gujarat University .
John E. Fenton , Sr . was born in Lawrence , Massachusetts in 1898 and graduated the College of the Holy Cross and then from Suffolk University Law School in 1924 with a Juris Doctor .
Max Castillo was the fourth president of the University of Houston--
In 1898 , Ion Pelivan graduated from the Theological Seminary of Chişinău and in 1903 from the University of Tartu .
Robert E. Kenna , S.J. was appointed Santa Clara University 's 9th and 12th president after the presidency of John Pinasco and Joseph W. Riordan .
Muntassir Mamoon ( Bengali : মুনতাসীর মামুন ; b. 1951 ) is a Bangladeshi author , historian , scholar , secularist , translator , and professor at University of Dhaka .
Calvin Seerveld ( born 1930 in New York ) received a BA from Calvin College in 1952 , an MA in English literature and classics from the University of Michigan in 1953 .
Graeme Thomson was educated at Winchester and New College , Oxford and joined the civil service in 1900 , being assigned to the Admiralty .
Siri Sverdrup Lunden ( born 23 March 1920 in Kongsberg , Norway - deceased 24 August 2003 in Trondheim ) was a Norwegian Professor of Slavic languages at the University of Oslo 1971 - -1987 , married to Professor Terkel Nissen Rosenqvist .
Patrick Amory graduated from Commonwealth School in Boston , gained a bachelor 's degree in history from Harvard University where he founded the Record Hospital program on radio station WHRB .
His father was born of Polish and Armenian parents in the former Austria - Hungary , and immigrated to the United States after World War II . Nicholas Kristof graduated from Yamhill Carlton High School , where he was student body president and school newspaper editor , and later became a Phi Beta Kappa graduate of Harvard College .
Educated at Eton College , Edward Bligh embarked on a military career in the 33rd Regiment of Foot , attaining the rank of General .
Peter Tertzakian has an undergraduate degree in Geophysics from the University of Alberta , and a graduate degree in Econometrics from the University of Southampton , U.K. He also holds an Master of Science in Management of Technology from the MIT Sloan School of Management .
Prior to working at Duke , Richard Danner served as a law librarian at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison , where he received degrees in law and library science .
Claire Zulkey ( born April 15 , 1979 , in Evanston , Illinois ) is an American writer , a 2001 graduate of Georgetown University , and the Northwestern University Creative Writing Masters program .
Silas Aiken graduated from Phillips Academy , Andoverin 1819 , became a Christian at age nineteen and graduated from Dartmouth College in 1825 as the valedictorian of his class .
In 1964 , Hage Geingob left for the United States to study at Temple University in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , where he was granted a scholarship .
Cheryl Martin was raised in Massachusetts and attended the College of the Holy Cross in Worcester , Massachusetts .
Tyrel Reed ( born April 8 , 1989 ) is an American basketball player who played for University of Kansas .
A native of Burlington , Iowa , Wayne Duke graduated from the University of Iowa in 1950 .
Jane Orie earned her B.A. from Franklin and Marshall College in 1984 and her J.D. from Duquesne University School of Law in 1987 .
Roberto Gil Zuarth studied Law at the Instituto Tecnológico Autónomo de México , and has a Master 's degree on Constitutional Law by the Charles III University of Madrid being a candidate to a PhD in Law by the same University .
Wolfram Burgard received his Diploma degree from University of Dortmund in 1987 and his Doctorate from the University of Bonn in 1991 .
Myron Orfield ( born July 27 , 1961 ) is an American law professor at the University of Minnesota , director of its Institute on Metropolitan Opportunity , and a former non - resident senior fellow at the Brookings Institution .
Dr. Lawrence Einhorn is a Distinguished Professor of Medicine at Indiana University School of Medicine and an oncologist .
Heidi Julavits was born and grew up in Portland , Maine , before attending Dartmouth College .
Hugh Gough , 3rd Viscount Gough , Bt , KCVO , DL ( 27 August 1849 -- 14 October 1919 ) , he was educated at Brasenose College , Oxford ( MA ) .
One of five brothers who became clergymen , Henry Blamires was born in Bendigo , Australia , and educated at Wesley College in Melbourne , which was then a Methodist school for boys .
The Connection between the Nazis and the Leaders of the Zionist Movement 1933 -- 1945 is the title of Mahmoud Abbas ' CandSc thesis , completed in 1982 at the Peoples ' Friendship University of Russia , and defended at the Institute of Oriental Studies of the Soviet Academy of Sciences .
John Cleland entered Westminster School in 1721 , but he left or was expelled in 1723 .
After her stint with the New Mickey Mouse Club , Allison attended Stanford University and was a founding partner in a creative firm in New York called Pompei A.D. She spun off part of that company into Allison Fonte Public Relations , also in New York .
David E. Orton was born in 1955 and earned a BS in mathematics and economics at Wake Forest University , and a MS in electrical engineering from Duke University .
Paul C. Ney , Jr. attended Cornell University , receiving a B.S. in Biology in 1980 .
Abe Garver holds a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from the University of Southern California Marshall School of Business , Master 's Degree in Finance from the Manderson Graduate School and is registered with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ( FINRA ) as a General Securities Representative ( Series 7 and 63 ) and a Limited Representative --
Denzil Keelor was born on 7 December 1933 and went to school at St. Francis ' College , Lucknow and La Martiniere Lucknow .
Lewis Way graduated M.A. in 1796 from Merton College , Oxford , and in 1797 was called to the bar by the Society of the Inner Temple .
Henry Ruffner ( January 16 , 1790 -- December 17 , 1861 ) , was an educator and Presbyterian minister , who served as president of Washington College ( now Washington and Lee University ) .
After attending elementary and secondary school ( 1934 - -45 ) Heinrich Pfusterschmid - Hardtenstein studied law at the University of Graz .
Edward F. Crawley is a Professor of Aeronautics and Astronautics and of Engineering Systems at Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Rhonda Keenum is married to Mississippi State University President Mark Keenum .
The University of Georgia acquired Harry Crews 's papers in August 2006 .
Chris Hersch attended the New England Conservatory of Music in Boston from 2000 to 2004 , where he earned a Bachelor of Music in Jazz Guitar Performance and a concentration in Music Education .
Edward Everett Dale ( 1879 - -1972 ) was an American historian and longtime faculty member of the University of Oklahoma .
The son of Majo -General Sir Francis Edward Freeland , Ian Freeland was initially educated at Wellington College .
After attending the Kirchhain Volksschule and the Protestant Rektoratsschule , Leo Strauss was enrolled at the Gymnasium Philippinum ( affiliated with the University of Marburg ) in nearby Marburg ( from which Johannes Althusius and Carl J. Friedrich also graduated ) in 1912 , graduating in 1917 .
Jon Volpe , being only 5 feet 7 inches tall , received a football scholarship to Stanford University , where he was an all - conference running back ( leading in rushing yards ) , earning GTE Academic All - American honors and being named a Rhodes Scholar nominee ( while getting a BSc in engineering . )
Hon Chew Hee also studied in New York at the Art Students League , at Columbia University , and spent three years in Paris in the 1940s studying with Fernand Léger and Andre Lhote .
He endowed the Caswell Silver Foundation at the University of New Mexico .
Joellen Riley ( born 1957 ) is an Australian labour lawyer and academic and , since 2013 , the dean of the Sydney Law School .
Donald Thomas Anderson FRS ( born 29 December 1939 Eton , Berkshire ) is an English zoologist , lecturer at King 's College London , and Challis Professor of Biology at University of Sydney .
After graduating from high school , Putu Wijaya continued his tertiary education in Yogyakarta , studying at the Indonesian Fine Arts Academy and the Drama and Film Arts Academy , before graduating with a law degree from Gadjah Mada University .
Warren Thomson was educated at Wesley College , Melbourne and the University of Melbourne , where he studied under Roy Shepherd , a pupil of Alfred Cortot .
Melva Lind ( 16 March 1903 -- 18 April 1997 ) graduated from the University of Minnesota with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1923 and a Master of Arts degree in 1943 .
Ross Leckie attended Drumtochty Castle Preparatory School and Fettes College ; at Fettes he gained his interest in classical literature .
Benjamin Franklin Ficklin ( 1827 - -1871 ) was a graduate of the Virginia Military Institute , Class of 1849 .
Bertil H. van Boer studied at the University of California , Berkeley .
Ryan Bank graduated cum laude from the School of Communications through the School of Continuing Studies of Northwestern University where he was inducted into the Alpha Sigma Lambda society .
Born to Catalan immigrants who had become moderately successful Mendoza Province vintners , Alejandro Orfila received a Law Degree at the University of Buenos Aires in 1945 .
Luc Coene graduated in economics at Ghent University in 1970 ( Ghent , Belgium ) and obtained a postgraduate diploma in European economic integration at the College of Europe in 1971 ( Bruges ) .
Denis of Cork ( foaled February 16 , 2005 in Florida ) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse , sired by Harlan 's Holiday and out of the Unbridled mare , Unbridled Girl .
According to John Tzetzes , Perieres was a son of Cynortas , King of Sparta , and father of Oebalus , who , in turn , became by Gorgophone father of Tyndareus and Icarius .
Dawn Approach is from the first crop of foals sired by New Approach a horse which won four Group One races including the Epsom Derby , and was the equal highest - rated Thoroughbred in the world when trained by Bolger in 2008 .
Louise of Savoy was born at Pont - d'Ain , the eldest daughter of Philip II , Duke of Savoy and his first wife , Margaret of Bourbon .
Sheleph was a son of Joktan , of the family of Shem .
Renzo Bossi ( born 8 September 1988 ) is an Italian politician and son of Umberto Bossi , founder and former leader of the Lega Nord party .
In Greek mythology , Amymone ( the `` blameless '' one ) was a daughter of Danaus .
According to Sophocles ' play Antigone , Haemon /ˈhiːmɒn/ or Haimon ( Greek : Αἵμων , Haimon `` bloody '' ; gen . : Αἵμωνος ) , was the son of Creon and Eurydice .
James FitzGerald , 8th Earl of Desmond ( 1459 - -1487 ) was the son of Thomas FitzGerald , 7th Earl of Desmond and his wife , Ellice de Barry , daughter of William Barry , 8th Baron Barry , and Ellen de la Roche .
Hoop Jr. was a bay horse sired by the French - bred stallion Sir Gallahad , a full brother to Bull Dog , who sired Bull Lea ) .
In Greek mythology , Dardanus ( /ˈdɑrdənəs/ ; Greek : Δάρδανος ) was a son of Zeus and Electra , daughter of Atlas , and founder of the city of Dardanus at the foot of Mount Ida in the Troad .
Shebuel ( Hebrew : שבואל‎ ) was the son of Gershom , and a grandson of Moses and Zipporah .
The parents of Qa'a are unknown , but it is thought that either his predecessor Adjib or Semerkhet was his father , since it was tradition to leave the throne to the eldest son .
In 190 , when Cao Cao was raising an army to join the coalition against Dong Zhuo , the tyrannical warlord who held Emperor Xian hostage , Cao Zhen 's father , Cao Shao , heeded the call but was killed before he could join Cao Cao .
Lycophron of Corinth ( /ˈlaɪkəfrɒn/ ; Greek : Λυκόφρων ) was the second son of the Corinthian tyrant Periander .
Patrick John Morrison ( born July 15 , 1939 ) , better known by his stage name Patrick Wayne , is an American actor , the second son of movie star John Wayne and his first wife , Josephine Alicia Saenz .
Christina of Vasaborg ( 1644 - -1709 ) was the eldest child of Gustav of Vasaborg , Count of Nystad , and a granddaughter of King Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden .
Princess Marina Petrovna of Russia ( 11 March 1892 -- 15 May 1981 ) was a daughter of Grand Duke Peter Nikolaevich of Russia and his wife , Grand Duchess Militza Nicholaevna , born Princess of Montenegro .
Friedelind Wagner ( 29 March 1918 -- 8 May 1991 ) was the daughter of German opera composer Siegfried Wagner and his English wife , Winifred Williams and the granddaughter of the composer Richard Wagner .
In 1964 , the thirty - year - old Yoshiaki Tsutsumi inherited control of the Seibu Corporation upon the death of the company founder , his father Yasujirō Tsutsumi .
James Nasmyth was born at 47 York Place , Edinburgh where his father Alexander Nasmyth was a landscape and portrait painter in Edinburgh .
Harsiotef ( `` Horus Son of his Father '' ) Harsiotef was the son of Queen Atasamale and likely of King Amanineteyerike .
In this story , before leaving , Inanna instructed her minister and servant , Ninshubur , to plead with the deities Enlil , Sin , Anu , her father and Enki to save her if anything went amiss .
John Kipling ( 17 August 1897 -- 27 September 1915 ) was the only son of the British author Rudyard Kipling .
Kayt Jones is the daughter of Tricia and Terry Jones renowned British designers , best - known as founders and editors of the magazine i - D , her brother is British fashion photographer Matthew Jones .
Presley Neville was born at the family home in Winchester , Virginia , to General John Neville and Winifred Oldham Neville .
She was a bay mare that was foaled in Kentucky and was owned and bred by August Belmont , Jr. Mahubah was by the imported English Triple Crown winner Rock Sand ( GB ) , and her dam was Merry Token ( GB ) ( minor stakes winner in England ) by the Epsom Derby winner Merry Hampton .
Carle Vernet ( 14 August 1758 -- 17 November 1836 ) was a French painter , the youngest child of Claude Joseph Vernet , and the father of Horace Vernet .
John de Vere , 13th Earl of Oxford KG KB ( 8 September 1442 -- 10 March 1513 ) , the second son of John de Vere , 12th Earl of Oxford , and Elizabeth Howard , was one of the principal Lancastrian commanders during the English Wars of the Roses .
David Junior was bred by Arthur Appleton at the Bridlewood Stud Farm near Ocala , Florida , sired by the Eclipse Award winning stallion Pleasant Tap .
Raymond Gutierrez was born in Beverly Hills , California to matinee idol Eddie Gutierrez and talent manager Annabelle Rosales Rama Gutierrez .
Mari Hulman George , born Mary Antonia Hulman on December 26 , 1934 , in Terre Haute , Indiana , is the daughter of Anton `` Tony '' Hulman and Mary Fendrich Hulman , prominent Indiana philanthropists and business owners .
Tim 's stage name , Sid Lucero , is taken from the main character that his father Mark Gil portrayed in the movie Batch ' 81 .
Ibbi - Sin , son of Shu - Sin , was king of Sumer and Akkad and last king of the Ur III dynasty , and reigned c. 1963 BC-1940 BC ( Short chronology ) .
Born in Pruzhany , Samuel Soloveichik was the second son of Rabbi Moshe Soloveichik .
Zuhrah ibn Kilab ibn Murrah ( Arabic : زهيرة بن كلاب بن مُرة‎ ) was the great - grandfather of Aminah bint Wahb , and was thus the great - great - grandfather of the Islamic prophet Muhammad .
Štěpán Tesařík is a grandson of World War II hero Richard Tesařík .
Shamash - shum - ukin was the Assyrian king of Babylon from 668 - 648 BC . He was the second son of the Assyrian King Esarhaddon .
Drusus Caesar ( Latin : Drusus Julius Caesar Germanicus , AD 7 -- AD 33 ) was a member of the Julio - Claudian or Imperial family of Ancient Rome .
Serge Dassault is the son of Marcel Dassault , from whom he inherited the Dassault Group , and Madeline Dassault ( née Minckes ) .
Will Peltz was born in New York City , as the fourth child of businessman Nelson Peltz .
Jenny Kallur and her sister Susanna are daughters of former ice hockey player Anders Kallur who won four Stanley Cup championships with the New York Islanders .
Henry Whitelock Torrens ( 1806 - -1852 ) , son of Major Henry Torrens , was born on May 20 , 1806 .
Guy II de Balliol ( died early 1160s x 1167 ) was probably the second eldest son of Bernard I de Balliol , Lord of Balliol and Barnard Castle .
Michael LeMoyne Kennedy ( February 27 , 1958 -- December 31 , 1997 ) was the sixth of eleven children of Robert F. Kennedy and Ethel Skakel .
Amphitryon ( /æmˈfɪtriən/ ; Greek : Ἀμφιτρύων , gen . : Ἀμφιτρύωνος ; usually interpreted as `` harassing either side '' ) , in Greek mythology , was a son of Alcaeus , king of Tiryns in Argolis .
Kebek was the son of Duwa , who was khan from 1282 until 1307 .
The daughter of the first president of Ghana , Kwame Nkrumah , and his Coptic Egyptian wife Fathia Rizk , Samia Nkrumah was born at Aburi in the Eastern Region of Ghana in 1960 .
Andy Luckey is the Son of Director / Animator / Actor Bud Luckey ( 1934 - - ) and a maternal cousin , twice removed , of Animator Earl Hurd ( 1880 - -1940 ) who co - created ( with J.R. Bray ) and patented the process for Cel Animation -- a key component of traditional animation .
The Gay and Lesbian Activists Alliance ( GLAA ) of Washington , D.C. is a United States not - for - profit organization that works to secure legal rights for gays and lesbians in the District of Columbia .
Packet Digital LLC , headquartered in Fargo , North Dakota , designs power management integrated circuits ( PMICs ) to reduce power consumed and heat produced by computer servers , mobile devices and Unmanned Aircraft Systems ( UAS ) .
Insomniac Games , Inc. is an American video game developer whose corporate headquarters is located in Burbank , California .
Arnott Air Suspension Products is an American privately held corporation headquartered in Merritt Island , Florida .
Argo Investments Limited was established in Adelaide , South Australia in 1946 by Alf Adamson , a chartered accountant who had previously worked on company valuations .
CPL Aromas is a British fragrance company founded in December 1971,with headquarters in Bishop 's Stortford , England .
Infrared Integrated Systems Ltd , generally called Irisys , is a privately held company based near Northampton in the United Kingdom that manufacturers thermal imaging , people counting technologies and real time grocery queue management solutions .
Suryaa headquartered in Hyderabad .
Uki Workboat Oy ( Finnish : Uudenkaupungin Työvene Oy ) is a Finnish shipyard located in Uusikaupunki on the Western coast of Finland .
Eastern Mountain Sports ( or EMS ) is an outdoor clothing and equipment retailer in the U.S. Northeast headquartered in Meriden , Connecticut .
The Alpha Natural Resources leased corporate office building in Bristol , Virginia was reportedly sold in February for $ 28 million to One Alpha Place LLC registered in Delaware and owned by the publicly traded Kuwait Petroleum Corporation .
Orocobre Limited is a mineral resource company based in Brisbane , Australia .
FutureAdvisor is a digital investment manager registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and based in San Francisco .
Young Living is a Lehi , Utah based company which uses multi - level marketing to sell essential oils and other related products .
Shangri - La Hotels and Resorts is a Hong Kong - based company that runs the `` Shangri - La '' , `` Kerry '' and `` Hotel Jen '' brands of hotels .
Allied American University ( AAU ) is a for - profit university located in Laguna Hills , California , that offers online learning degree and certificate programs .
Avondale Environmental , better known as Avondale Landfill is a major Scottish landfill located in Polmont , off junction 4 of the M9 motorway .
In addition to the fundraising platform , Rally.org offers space within its San Francisco headquarters for rent at a subsidized rate to non - profits and socially conscious entrepreneurs .
Talari Networks is a San Jose , CA - based networking equipment company .
The King of Shaves Company , Ltd. is a British toiletries company headquartered in Beaconsfield , Buckinghamshire , England .
Allen Brothers is a purveyor of prime steaks headquartered in Chicago .
Internet Brands , Inc. is an American new media company based in El Segundo , California , United States , that operates online media , community , and e - commerce sites in vertical markets .
In the early 1950s Ampex moved to 934 Charter St. Redwood City , California .
WhiteTie is a concierge services , private membership club , online marketing company and travel agency based in Seattle , WA , USA and Hong Kong , China that provides extremely high end concierge services for customers world wide .
Andrews founded Sierra Sciences in 1999 in Reno , Nevada with the goal of preventing and/or reversing cellular senescence , and ultimately curing diseases associated with human aging , including the aging process itself .
Gourmet Guides was a San Francisco cookbook store started by Jean Bullock in 1973 that was turned into an on - line store by Sarah Bullock .
The Shukshin Altai State Humanities Pedagogical University ( Russian : Алтайский государственный гуманитарно-педагогический университет имени В. М. Шукшина ) is a federal state budget educational institution of higher education in Biysk , Altai Krai .
Telekom Srpske ( m : tel ) is a telecommunications company based in Banja Luka , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The family moved to Culiacán and in September 1954 the company Casa Ley was born .
Variety Wholesalers , Inc. is a privately held company based in Henderson , North Carolina , which owns more than 380 retail stores in the southeast including the Roses and Maxway stores , and employs more than 7,000 workers .
Magnetic Video Corporation was established by Andre Blay , an American film producer in 1968 and based in Farmington Hills , Michigan .
The Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organization ( UNPO ) , formed on the 11 February 1991 in The Hague , Netherlands , is an international pro - democracy organization .
Keep - it Technologies ( formerly TimeTemp ) is a spin - off technology company from The Norwegian University of Life Sciences ( NMBU ) in Ås , just outside Oslo in Norway .
Strands Recommender is based in San Francisco , United States , and in Madrid , Spain .
Moe 's Italian Sandwiches is the name of an Italian submarine sandwich shop located in Portsmouth , New Hampshire .
TAT Technologies is a publicly traded Israeli company , headquartered in Gedera , Israel , that provides environmental control products and services for the commercial and military aviation industries .
In 2008 , UFA Sports was re - established under the roof of its original shareholders the RTL Group and Bertelsmann and is now led by several former Sportfive managers with the headquarters of the agency based in Hamburg .
Amarcord Brewery ( Birra Amarcord ) , is a brewing company , founded in Rimini in Emilia Romagna , Italy in 1997 .
SwellPath is an internet marketing consultancy in Portland , Oregon , focusing on web analytics ( with an emphasis on Google Analytics custom tagging and reporting ) and search engine marketing .
Rothschild & Co ( formerly Paris Orléans ) is a financial holding company listed on Euronext Paris and controlled by the French and English branch of the Rothschild family .
The Mahindra Group is an Indian multinational conglomerate headquartered at Mahindra Towers in Mumbai , India , with operations in over 100 countries around the globe .
The origins of the company Tecnomasio go back as far as 1863 when mechanical and civil engineer Luigi Longoni , instrument maker Carlo Dell'Acqua , and optical scientist Ignazio Porro founded a company in Milan .
SawStop is a table saw manufacturer headquartered in Tualatin , Oregon , USA .
D3 Security Management Systems , Inc. , a privately held company headquartered in Vancouver , British Columbia , is a developer of software for security , governance , risk management , and compliance functions of organizations .
Mireo was founded in 2001 in Zagreb , Croatia and sells proprietary navigation products in over 70 countries .
E&F Miler Industries ( formerly Miler Coaster , Inc. and Miler Manufacturing ) is a family - owned roller coaster manufacturing firm based in Portland , Oregon , United States .
Teatre Nacional de Catalunya ( TNC ) ( Catalan pronunciation : ( teˈatɾə nəsiuˈnaɫ də kətəˈɫuɲə ) , English : National Theatre of Catalonia ) is a public theatre in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain created by the Culture Department of the Catalan Government .
Solon and Schemmel Tile Company ( S&S ) was a tile pottery business in San Jose , California from 1920 -- 1936 .
Studio Proteus is a Japanese manga import , translation and lettering company , founded in 1986 by Toren Smith and based in San Francisco .
Patterson & Sullivan ( P&S ) was an art service based in San Francisco in the 1920s and 1930s .
Nakhtel ( Azerbaijani : Naxtel ) is wireless CDMA operator of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic , Azerbaijan .
Flyleaf Press is a publishing company based in Dublin , Ireland .
Eurasian Bank is the ninth largest lender in Kazakhstan , headquartered in Almaty , It was founded in 1994 as a closed joint - stock company , and reregistered in 2003 as a joint stock company due to joint stock company law changes .
Association Mauritanienne des Droits de l'Homme ( AMDH ) ( Arabic : الجمعية الموريطانية لحقوق الإنسان‎ ) is a Mauritanian non - profit human rights non - governmental organization founded in 1991 Mauritania .
Steak Escape is a restaurant based in Columbus , Ohio , USA .
Evonik Industries is an industrial corporation headquartered in Essen , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany , one of the world 's leading specialty chemicals companies , owned by RAG Foundation .
Mekong Capital has offices in Ho Chi Minh City , Hanoi .
Lite - Trac is a trading name of Holme Farm Supplies Ltd , a manufacturer of agricultural machinery registered in England and based in Peterborough .
Bulgarian Dreams is a trading name of Berkeley Square Trading Limited , a UK limited company ( no . 04647920 ) registered at 120 Moorgate , London , EC2 M 6SS .
The American Indian Center ( AIC ) of Chicago is the oldest urban Native American center in the United States .
The Ideal Group is a real estate company based in Kolkata , India .
The 421st Fighter Squadron ( 421 FS ) is part of the 388th Fighter Wing at Hill Air Force Base , Utah .
Carlson Aircraft is an American aircraft design and manufacturing company based in East Palestine , Ohio .
The Clayburn Pottery was an English pottery works based in Milner St , Hanley , Stoke - on - Trent .
SIVVI.COM is an online retailer selling on - trend clothing , footwear and accessories for both men & women based in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Van Diemen International , Ltd. was a British race car manufacturer based in Snetterton , Norfolk , United Kingdom .
Color Labs , Inc. was a start - up based in Palo Alto , California .
Founded in 2003 , American Tea Room is opening a second location in Downtown Los Angeles in 2015 , and planning on additional locations in Orange County and New York City .
Rogers Orchards , in Southington , Connecticut , is an agricultural - produce company owned and operated by members of the same family since its founding in 1807 and one of the leading agricultural producers in Connecticut .
Hollywood Suite is a group of four Canadian Category B premium specialty channels , owned by Hollywood Suite Inc. , a privately held broadcasting company based in Toronto , Ontario .
Eicon Networks Corporation was a privately owned designer , developer and manufacturer of communication products founded in 1984 with headquarters in Montreal , Canada .
On February 3 , 2006 Old Mutual completed its acquisition of Skandia , which was subsequently delisted from the Stockholm and London stock exchanges .
Bradley Air Services Limited , operating as First Air , is an airline headquartered in Kanata , a suburb of Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Doosan Heavy Industries & Construction Co. , Ltd. , a subsidiary of Doosan Group , is a heavy industrial company head - quartered in Changwon , Korean .
Whiting Brothers was established in 1926 as a chain of gasoline stations based in St. Johns and Holbrook , Arizona .
Xtreme Fighting Championships ( XFC ) is a premier International mixed martial arts ( MMA ) organization based out of Spring Lake Michigan with offices in New York , Tampa , Ft . Lauderdale , São Paulo , & Buenos Aires .
Harvest Operations Corp. is a Canadian oil and natural gas company based in Calgary , Alberta .
Specimen Products is a Chicago - based manufacturer of custom guitars , tube amplifiers , and audio horn speakers led by luthier Ian Schneller .
Realmac Software is an independent software company based in Brighton , England .
The Shelikhov - Golikov Company ( SGC ) was a Russian fur trading venture , originally founded by Irkutsk entrepreneurs Grigory Shelikhov and Ivan Larionovich Golikov in 1783 .
On October 10 , 2011 , Honda announced at the National Business Aviation Association Convention and Exhibition in Orlando , Fla , that the company would construct an 80,000-square - foot customer service facility near the world headquarters as an expansion of Honda Aircraft Company 's world headquarters in Greensboro , North Carolina .
Vilhelm Lauritzen Architects ( VLA ) is an architectural firm based in Copenhagen , Denmark .
AMP Capital is a large global investment manager headquartered in Sydney , Australia .
In 2003 , Necco consolidated its facilities to share a 52-acre ( 210,000 m2 ) , 810,000-square - foot ( 75,000 m2 ) Revere , Massachusetts , plant and warehouse , where its international headquarters resides to this day .
The Fender Custom Shop is a division of Fender Musical Instruments Corporation , housed within their headquarters complex in Corona , Riverside County , California .
Founded in 2011 from research out of the University of Melbourne , MetaCDN is backed by Australian venture capital firm Starfish Ventures and the University of Melbourne 's commercialization arm .
China SCE Property Holdings Limited ( SEHK : 1966 ) is a privately held property developer headquartered in Xiamen , Fujian , China .
The South Financial Group , originally known as Carolina First Corporation , was a bank holding company headquartered in Greenville , South Carolina .
The North Brothers Manufacturing Company ( North Bros. Mfg . Co. or more simply North Bros. ) , was an American manufacturer based in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania that specialized in the making of hand tools , small appliances and some specialized power tools .
Big Data Partnership is a specialist big data professional services company based in London , UK .
Varsity Express ( Varsity Air Services Ltd ) was a regional airline based at London Oxford Airport in England .
Anime Limited , also known as All the Anime is a UK anime distribution company based in Glasgow , Scotland .
The African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde ( Portuguese : Partido Africano da Independência da Guiné e Cabo Verde , PAIGC ) is a political party in Guinea - Bissau .
QIP Holder LLC ( d / b / a Quiznos ) is a franchised fast - food restaurant brand based in Denver , Colorado , which specializes in offering toasted submarine sandwiches .
Clarity Capital is a global investment firm based in Tel Aviv and New York .
MeMZ is short for `` Melitopol Motor Plant '' ( Ukrainian : `` Мелітопольський моторний завод '' ) , a part of AvtoZAZ .
FCC Environment ( UK ) Limited is a waste management company headquartered in Northampton , United Kingdom and a wholly owned subsidiary of Fomento de Construcciones y Contratas .
Morgan Sindall Group plc ( LSE : MGNS ) is a British based construction services business headquartered in London .
Cugini Randi was a small Italian company active in the agricultural machinery production sector , formed at the end of the Second World War , presumably in 1947 , whose headquarters was located in Bagnacavallo in the province of Ravenna ( Italy ) .
Aqua Books was a Canadian independent bookstore opened in Winnipeg , Manitoba by Kelly Hughes in 1999 .
In July 2011 the chairman of the Democratic Party of Ukraine Sergey Kozachenko was sentenced to eight years in prison Kiev District Court of Simferopol on charges of embezzling 65 million hryvnia in credit union 's `` Southern '' .
Kettler ( German : Heinz Kettler GmbH & Co. KG ) is a German company based in Ense - Parsit , with locations all around the world .
Digital Eel is a self - funded independent video game development team located in the Seattle , Washington area .
Hartley Wood and Co Ltd were a company of glass manufacturers established in Sunderland , England .
Gould Electronics Inc. - founded in 1884 and based in Chandler , Arizona - is a company involved in the electronics and semiconductor industries .
Coyne et Bellier is a global consulting and engineering firm based out of Gennevilliers , France .
La Maison Simons was founded by the Simons family in 1840 in Quebec City , and is headquartered in that city .
Genesee Brewing Company is an American brewery located along the Genesee River in Rochester , New York .
Axon Automotive is a British car manufacturer and car components manufacturer based in Wellingborough , Northamptonshire .
Magic Brands , LLC was the owner of Fuddruckers and Koo Koo Roo and was based in Austin , Texas .
Eugster / Frismag AG , headquartered in Amriswil , Switzerland , is an OEM producer of home appliances , especially coffee machines which are sold under many well - known international brand names .
Pavee Point ( PP ) is a government - funded non - governmental organisation based in Dublin , Ireland that was formed to improve the human rights of Irish Travellers and to bridge the economic and social inequalities between Travellers and settled people .
Bad Robot Productions is currently based in Santa Monica , California , in a building which is incorrectly labeled on purpose as the home of the fictional `` National Typewriter Company '' because Abrams `` likes typewriters -- and misdirection . ''
CaseCruzer , LLC is a US - based privately held manufacturing company established in 2007 located in Montclair , California .
It was based in Chicago , and Harpo Studios ( the company 's TV production studio and corporate headquarters for Harpo Productions ) was located in the Near West Side neighborhood of Chicago until the studios closed in 2015 .
123 Money Ltd , trading as 123.ie , is an Irish insurance company with registered offices in Dublin .
Creemore Springs is a brewery in Creemore , Ontario , Canada , which first opened in 1987 .
Kaiser Jeep was the result of the merger between the Kaiser - Frazer Corporation , an independent automaker based in Willow Run , Michigan , and the Toledo , Ohio - based Willys - Overland Company .
Vitacost.com , Inc is an American e - commerce company based in Boca Raton , Florida , that sells vitamins , supplements , sports nutrition and organic health and grocery products .
Media Forest is an Israeli service provider of Airplay Monitoring and Media Research for Music and Advertising Industries , founded in 2005 in Netanya , Israel .
Azienda Elettrica Ticinese ( AET ) is a electricity wholesaler based in Bellinzona ( Ticino , Switzerland ) .
Next Level Games Inc. is an independent video game developer based in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Chartboost is a San Francisco - based mobile game discovery and monetization platform .
Openet is a software vendor with headquarters in Dublin , Ireland and offices worldwide .
Seva Foundation is an American non - profit international health organization based in Berkeley , California known for treating blindness .
Schroff GmbH is headquartered in Straubenhardt near Pforzheim , and was founded in 1962 by Gunther Schroff .
The company was founded by designer Gian Paolo Dallara in 1972 in Varano de ' Melegari , near Parma , Italy , and started building chassis for sports car racing and hillclimbing , racing in the smaller engine classes .
Larox , founded in 1977 and headquartered at Lappeenranta , Finland , is a Finnish engineering company that develops , designs and manufactures industrial filters for use in mining and metallurgy , chemical processing and related industries .
SpaceQuest , Ltd. is a spacecraft components and engineering company located in Fairfax , Virginia , which focuses on the operations of small satellites .
In 1919 , C.W. Obel opened a branch in Copenhagen .
The Salarpuria Sattva group established in 1986 in Kolkata , India , is a commercial and residential Property development Consultancy , later expanded to Bangalore in 1992 .
Sharks Sports and Entertainment , Inc. is a privately held corporation based in San Jose , California , which owns and operates a number of sports properties , most notably the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League .
Huyghe Brewery ( Dutch : Brouwerij Huyghe ) is a brewery founded in 1906 by Leon Huyghe in city of Melle in East Flanders , Belgium .
Chinese Estates Group is a real estate development group based in Hong Kong .
Take Air is an airline based in Martinique .
Publicis Groupe is a French multinational advertising and public relations company , headquartered in Paris .
Plotly , also known by its URL , Plot.ly , is an online analytics and data visualization tool , headquartered in Montreal , Quebec .
Coins ' N Things , also known as CNT Inc. , is a privately held , family - controlled business in Bridgewater , Massachusetts , that was established as a retail shop for coin collectors and is now the largest wholesale vendor of gold in the United States .
Factory 449 : a theatre collective is a not - for - profit theatre company based in Washington , D.C. Factory 449 's mission is to maintain an ensemble of multi - disciplinary artists and professionals who are dedicated to the collaborative process of creating `` theatre as event '' .
The Académie Diplomatique Internationale ( ADI ; english International Diplomatic Academy ) is an international organization based in Paris , France , focused on modern diplomacy and international affairs .
Frank Smythson Ltd. , more simply known as Smythson /smaɪθsən/ , of Bond Street is a British manufacturer of luxury stationery , leather goods , diaries , and fashion products based in London , England .
The Rutube office was relocated to Moscow .
Erreà ( pronounced ( ɛr.re.ˈa ) ) is an Italian sports equipment company ( association football , volleyball , basketball , rugby , fitness , running , underwear and leisurewear ) supplier founded in Torrile , Italy in 1988 .
Boehringer Laboratories , LLC . is a Family owned American medical technology company with headquarters in Phoenixville , Pennsylvania .
Channel Awesome , Inc. is an online media production company based in Lombard , Illinois .
Golden Apple Comics is a comic book store in Hollywood , Los Angeles , California .
Revere Capital Advisors is a hedge fund based in New York City and London .
GKN plc is a British multinational automotive and aerospace components company headquartered in Redditch , Worcestershire .
Pacific Hydro is a renewable energy company headquartered in Melbourne , Australia .
The Union Gospel Mission is a charitable organization providing meals , education , shelter , safe and affordable housing , drug and alcohol recovery programs , and support services to those struggling with homelessness and addiction in the Metro Vancouver area and city of Mission .
The British Shipbuilders Corporation headquarters was at Benton House in Newcastle upon Tyne , England .
Rhymesayers Entertainment is an indie hip hop record label based in Minneapolis , Minnesota .
GainSpan , a San Jose , California - based semiconductor company , designs and markets wireless connectivity products .
PoliticIt has been headquartered in Logan since the company was first established .
Pharmasset Inc. is a pharmaceutical company based in Princeton , New Jersey in the United States .
Kemosabe Records is an American record label owned by the Sony Music Entertainment based in Los Angeles , California .
Casavant Frères is a prominent Canadian company in Saint - Hyacinthe , Quebec , which has been building pipe organs since 1879 .
ZymoGenetics , Inc is one of the oldest biotechnology / pharmaceutical companies in the USA , based in Seattle , Washington .
Hudson 's , or The J.L. Hudson Company , was a retail department store chain based in Detroit , Michigan .
The Live Oak Brewing Company located in Austin , Texas , is a locally owned and operated brewery .
Enemy Records is an independent record label based in Brooklyn , New York and Munich , Germany , founded in 1986 .
WebJet Linhas Aéreas S.A. was a low - cost Brazilian airline , based in Rio de Janeiro , which operated from July 2005 to November 2012 .
Fred Meyer , Inc. , is a chain of superstores founded in 1922 in Portland , Oregon , by Fred G. Meyer ( not to be confused with Frederik Gerhard Hendrik Meijer , former chairman of the Meijer superstore chain , which is based in Michigan , with stores in the Midwest ) .
Before Terrence Gooding , president and CEO of Wavetek , made Wavetek private in 1991 , the company had 800 employees , 260 of whom worked in San Diego .
The Transitional Learning Center ( TLC ) is a post - acute brain injury rehabilitation facility headquartered in the island city of Galveston , Texas .
Apollo Hospitals is an Indian hospital chain based in Chennai , India .
Suez Environnement shares are listed on the Euronext exchanges in Paris and Brussels .
The Chinese American Bank ( 中美銀行 ) was an overseas Chinese bank in the United States headquartered in New York City , with branch offices in Chinatown , Manhattan and in Chinatown , Flushing .
The Principal Financial Group is a global financial investment management leader headquartered in Des Moines , Iowa .
Banco Banespa ( Banco do Estado de São Paulo ) was a Brazilian regional bank , founded in 1909 by the state government of São Paulo .
Founded in 2008 , the website is owned by the Switzerland - based startup company GetYourGuide AG . The company currently employs around 100 people in the main office in Berlin , Germany , and also have two more offices , one in Las Vegas and the other in Zürich .
AS Røra Fabrikker is a Norwegian company that is located in Røra in the municipality of Inderøy in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Moe 's Southwest Grill , referred to informally as Moe 's , was founded in Atlanta , Georgia , in December 2000 , by Raving Brands .
Oil Refineries Ltd. ( ORL or BAZAN , Hebrew : בז``ן -- בתי זיקוק לנפט בע''מ‎ ) , is an oil refining company located in Haifa Bay , Israel .
ChemAxon is a software company specializing in application programming interfaces and end user applications for cheminformatics and life science research with headquarters in Budapest , Hungary and Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Essent NV , based in ' s - Hertogenbosch , the Netherlands , is an energy company .
Performics is based in Chicago , Illinois , but operates in 34 markets globally .
Medopad Ltd is a British healthcare technology company headquartered in London , UK , with international offices in Salt Lake City , USA , and Dubai , UAE .
In October 2014 , MyScienceWork opened its American offices in San Francisco .
The Synanon organization , initially a drug rehabilitation program , was founded by Charles E. `` Chuck '' Dederich , Sr . , ( 1913 - -1997 ) in 1958 in Santa Monica , California , United States .
The All - Steel was an automobile produced by the All - Steel Motor Car Co. of St. Louis from 1915 to 1916 .
Enercon has production facilities in Germany ( Aurich , Emden and Magdeburg ) , Sweden , Brazil , India , Canada , Turkey and Portugal .
Cliffs Natural Resources , formerly Cleveland - Cliffs , is a Cleveland , Ohio , business firm that specializes in the mining and beneficiation of iron ore .
The Czech National Bank , ( Czech : Česká národní banka , ČNB ) is the central bank and financial market supervisor in the Czech Republic with its headquarters in Prague .
Chroma ATE Inc. , a Taiwan company , is an own brand supplier in electronic test and measurement equipment and systems , providing testing equipment , automatic testing equipment ( ATE ) and manufacturing execution systems ( MES ) .
Dex Media is headquartered in Dallas , Texas , with regional offices in Bristol , TN , Buffalo , NY , Greenwood Village , CO , Overland Park , KS , Santa Clara , CA , Santa Monica , CA , St. Petersburg , FL , and Waltham , MA .
Pizza Patrón Inc. is a United States pizza chain headquartered in Dallas , Texas .
M. Goldschmidt Holding is a holding company owned by Mikael Goldschmidt and headquartered in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Geosoft Incorporated is a software development and services company headquartered in Toronto , Canada .
Nordstrom , Inc. ( /ˈnɔːrdstrəm/ ) is an American upscale fashion retailer , founded by John W. Nordstrom and Carl F. Wallin and headquartered in Seattle .
It was founded in 1924 by Hugo Boss and is headquartered in Metzingen , Germany .
Alasin Media operates and is headquartered in Tampere , Finland .
Aristoc , located in Belper in Derbyshire , is a British marketer and manufacturer of hosiery , founded in 1924 .
NCS Group ( also known as NCS Pte Ltd or `` NCS '' , previously known as National Computer Systems ) is a multinational information technology and communications engineering company headquartered in Singapore .
Ascari Cars Ltd. is a British automobile manufacturer that is based in Banbury , United Kingdom founded by Dutch millionaire Klaas Zwart .
The Brian MacKenzie Infoshop , named for an American University student active in the radical community who died of a heart condition in 1999 , was a radical book and record shop located in the Shaw neighborhood of Washington , D.C ..
Aurora Degree College is degree college , affiliated to Osmania University of Hyderabad , India .
Dashang Group ( Chinese : 大商集团 ) , headquartered in Dalian , Liaoning Province , China , operates department stores , Xinmate ( New Mart ) supermarkets and other retail business .
One Communications is a Burlington , Massachusetts - based CLEC providing Telecommunications services to commercial entities .
Located in Irvine , California , Rare Coin Wholesalers buys , sells , appraises and trades rare coins and precious metals .
The Globe Store was a regional department store in Scranton , Pennsylvania , founded in 1883 by John Simpson and John Clelland .
SeaRail is a company based in Tampere , Finland operating a logistics terminal .
Multicultural Broadcasting is a media company based in New York City founded by Chinese - American businessman Arthur Liu .
Castagnari is an Italian maker of accordions and melodeons , based in Recanati .
Liberty Videocon General Insurance is a general insurance company based in Mumbai , India .
The Industries Mécaniques Maghrébines S.A. ( IMM ) are a Tunisian car manufacturer headquartered in the city of Kairouan .
Sabre Corporation is a travel technology company based in Southlake , Texas .
Upwardly Global is a 501c3 non - profit organization , based in San Francisco with an additional office in New York and Chicago that helps immigrant , refugee and asylee professionals rebuild their careers in the United States .
India Cements owned Indian Premier League franchise Chennai Super Kings from 2008 to 2014 .
Prosetta is an antiviral drug development company based in San Francisco , California .
Shenzhen BYD Daimler New Technology Co. , Ltd. , trading as Denza , is an automobile manufacturing company headquartered in Shenzhen , China , specialising in luxury electric cars and a 50:50 joint venture between BYD Auto and Daimler AG . It was founded in May 2010 .
The Frank R. Jelleff Co. , or more commonly Jelleff 's was a Washington , D.C .- based retailer that specialized in women 's apparel .
Headquartered in Chantilly , Virginia , NJVC has additional facilities in Arnold , Missouri and St. Louis , Missouri .
Arab Media Group ( AMG ) is a Dubai , United Arab Emirates , based entertainment company , part of TECOM , the technology and media holdings management arm of Dubai Holding .
The Salomon Group ( also just known as `` Salomon '' ) is a sports equipment manufacturing company that originated in Annecy , France .
Antics Technologies , Ltd. ( often shortened to just Antics ) is a software company based in Cambridge , England with offices both there and in Los Angeles , California , as well as in London .
Nexient is based in Toronto , Ontario , and is a subsidiary of Global Knowledge of Cary , North Carolina .
Prism Skylabs is a technology company headquartered in San Francisco , California , that designs , develops and sells business intelligence software for retailers with a consumer storefront .
Oskar Blues Brewery is a craft brewery with locations in Longmont , Colorado and Brevard , North Carolina .
Rohöl - Aufsuchungs Aktiengesellschaft ( RAG ) is an oil and gas company with headquarters in Vienna , Austria .
Nespresso is the brand name of Nestlé Nespresso S.A. , an operating unit of the Nestlé Group , based in Lausanne , Switzerland .
The Andrew W. Mellon Foundation of New York City in the United States , is a private foundation with five core areas of interest , endowed with wealth accumulated by Andrew W. Mellon of the Mellon family of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Zumbox was founded in 2007 in Los Angeles , and obtained more than $ 30 million in venture capital .
Nova Bus is a Canadian bus manufacturer in North America , owned by Volvo Buses , and headquartered in Saint - Eustache , Quebec , Canada .
The Fossa dei Leoni , also referred to by the acronym FdL , was an association of ultras supporters of Italian professional football club Associazione Calcio Milan .
In August 2007 , Amigo signed a four - year , $ 7.5 million sponsorship agreement for Amigo Energy to become the jersey sponsor for the Houston Dynamo , a Major League Soccer team .
W Motors is a Dubai - based car company , established originally in Beirut , Lebanon in 2012 by Ralph R. Debbas .
The Institute for Justice and Reconciliation ( IJR ) is a non - governmental organisation and think tank based in Cape Town , South Africa .
Verdiem is a software corporation based in Seattle , Washington .
With headquarters in Seattle , Washington , Glacier Northwest 's U.S. operations are located in Oregon , Washington and Alaska ;
Thy - Marcinelle is a steelworks in Charleroi , Belgium , a subsidiary of the Riva group .
David Yurman Inc. is a privately held American designer jewelry company founded by David Yurman ( born October 12 , 1942 in New York City ) and Sybil Yurman ( born December 10 , 1942 in New York City ) and headquartered in New York City .
DNA2.0 was founded in 2003 , in Menlo Park , California .
European Mauna Kea Technologies 9 rue d'Enghien , 75010 Paris , France ( RCS 431268028 ) North American Mauna Kea Technologies , Inc. , 1325 Satellite Boulevard Suite # 108 , Suwanee , GA , 30024 USA
The International Petroleum Investment Company ( IPIC ) was established by the Government of Abu Dhabi pursuant to an Emiri Decree in 1984 with a mandate to invest globally in energy and energy related industries .
SMRT Corporation ( SGX : S53 ) is a public transport operator incorporated on March 6 , 2000 , as a result of an industry overhaul to form multi - modal public - transport operators in Singapore .
Morton Engineering and Dry Dock Company was a shipbuilding company from Quebec City , Quebec .
BP Solar was a manufacturer and installer of photovoltaic solar cells headquartered in Madrid , Spain , with production facilities in India and the People 's Republic of China .
Inform , Inc. is a non - profit environmental organization based in New York City .
Merit Motion Pictures is a documentary film and television production company based in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada .
Asenav is a Chilean ship building company , based in Santiago with their main shipyards located in southern Chile in the middle of the city of Valdivia , some 15 km from the Bay of Corral at the Pacific coast .
The Takshashila Institution is an independent , networked think tank and public policy school based in India .
EasyJet ( styled as easyJet ; LSE : EZJ ) is a British low - cost airline carrier based at London Luton Airport .
Texas Energy Engineers , Inc. , dba ccrd partners , is a nationally recognized professional engineering firm headquartered in Houston , TX ( USA ) .
Jet4you was a low - cost airline based in Casablanca , Morocco .
Associated British Foods plc is a British multinational food processing and retailing company whose headquarters are in London , United Kingdom .
Rans Designs , previously called Rans Inc. ( styled all in capitals as RANS ) , is an American aircraft and bicycle manufacturer based in Hays , Kansas , United States .
Weewerk , stylized as ( weewerk ) , is an independent folk , roots , bluegrass , country record label and artist - management company based in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Barrett Firearms Manufacturing is an American manufacturer of firearms and ammunition located in the unincorporated town of Christiana , Tennessee .
The service also frequently releases exclusive compilation albums , including the Rheostatics tribute album The Secret Sessions , a series of annual Christmas - themed albums and Tony Dekker 's 2014 covers album Sings 10 Years of Zunior , as fundraising benefits for Toronto 's Daily Bread Food Bank .
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. ( Norwegian ) is a Bermuda - incorporated , US - headquartered company operating cruise ships , headquartered in unincorporated Miami - Dade County , Florida .
Bank Handlowy ( BHW ) or Citi Handlowy is a Polish bank based in Warsaw , established in 1870 .
Al Yah Satellite Communications , AlYahsat is a satellite communications company wholly owned subsidiary of Mubadala Development Company , the Abu Dhabi Government 's strategic investment company .
EnServe Group Limited ( formerly Spice Limited ) is a support services company headquartered in Macclesfield , United Kingdom which provides infrastructure services to the utility sector .
Formerly listed on the London Stock Exchange and a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index , Logica was acquired by the Canada - based CGI Group in August 2012 for £ 1.7 billion in cash .
Morningstar , Inc. is an investment research and investment management firm headquartered in Chicago , Illinois , United States .
Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals , based in Dublin , Ireland , with its U.S. headquarters in St. Louis , Missouri , produces specialty pharmaceutical products , including generic drugs and imaging agents .
Generation Yes was a youth movement in Ireland that was active in promoting the country 's European Union ( EU ) membership and a ' Yes ' vote in the campaign prior to the second referendum on the country 's ratification of the Treaty of Lisbon , which was held on 2 October 2009 .
Ingram Content Group is a United States - based service provider to the book publishing industry based in La Vergne , Tennessee .
Commcare Pharmacy is a pharmacy with headquarters in Fort Lauderdale , Florida .
Novo Nordisk is a Danish multinational pharmaceutical company headquartered in Bagsværd , Denmark , with production facilities in seven countries , and affiliates or offices in 75 countries .
Arnold Laver Ltd is a timber merchant based in Sheffield .
ONEXONE is a non - profit initiative based in Canada and the United States , founded by Samantha Brickman with the mission to preserve a basic quality of life for children locally and globally : because Hope Belongs to Everyone .
Canditv ( candy - TV ) is software developed by Data Driven Logistics , based in Stoke - on - Trent , Staffordshire in the UK .
WDL Aviation GmbH & Co. KG is a German charter airline headquartered at Cologne Bonn Airport .
United Bank of India ( Hindi:युनाइटेड बैंक ऑफ इंडिया ) ( UBI ) is an Indian government - owned financial services company headquartered in Kolkata , West Bengal , India .
The Antoine Courtois company , founded in Paris in 1789 , is a renowned manufacturer of brass musical instruments .
OJSC `` Yukos Oil Company '' ( Russian : ОАО Нефтяна́я Компа́ния Ю́КОС , IPA : ( ˈjukəs ) ) was an oil and gas company based in Moscow , Russia .
Beurling Academy opened in 2003 as a result of a merger between Riverside Park Academy and LaSalle Junior International School .
The International Brigades ( Spanish : Brigadas Internacionales ) were military units , made up of volunteers from different countries , who travelled to Spain in order to fight for the Second Spanish Republic in the Spanish Civil War , between 1936 and 1939 .
The Institute on the Arts and Civic Dialogue ( IACD ) was founded in 1997 by actress , playwright , and professor Anna Deavere Smith .
WIGGINS ( UCI team code : WGN ) , also known as Team Wiggins in media , is a professional developmental cycling team based in the United Kingdom , which began competing in elite road bicycle racing and track cycling in 2015 .
In 1716 the construction of the Sieberstollen had begun at the base of the Sieberberg mountain .
The Home Government Association was a pressure group launched by Isaac Butt in support of home rule for Ireland at a meeting in Bilton 's Hotel , Dublin , on 19 May 1870 .
Cloud 9 Living was founded in 2005 with a mission : `` To forever change the world of gift giving by enhancing people 's lives through memorable experiences . ''
The Sarasota Sun Sox were a minor league baseball team based in Sarasota , Florida that played in the Florida State League from 1961 to 1965 .
The Army Group North was created on the 2 September 1939 by reorganization of the 2nd Army Headquarters .
D4L was an American hip hop group , formed in 2003 , composed of Atlanta - based rappers Fabo , Mook - B , Stoney and Shawty Lo . They are best known for their hit single `` Laffy Taffy '' , which peaked at number 1 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 , in January 2006 .
The first edition of the Pearl of Africa Rally was held in 1997 as an African Rally Championship candidate event .
Rotodisc is a record label started by Ooberman frontman Dan Popplewell in 2001 .
Later in 2012 Room 8 Studio received its first round of funding from Vostok Ventures and began its growth .
State Institute of Urban Planning and Architecture has been established in the year 2012 to provide quality education in the field of Architecture and Urban Planning .
Alsalam University College ( Arabic : كلية السلام الجامعة‎ ) ( previously : Sheikh Mohammed Al Kasinzan University College ) is a private Iraqi university established in 2005 in Baghdad , Iraq .
Miss Chitwan is a beauty pageant which began in 1994 for the girls of Central Development Region .
ATN News broadcast its first test transmission on May 1 , 2010 and officially went on the air on June 7 , 2010 .
The Women 's Development Bank ( Spanish : Banco Nacional de la Mujer or Banmujer ) , was established in Venezuela in 2001 to remedy the political , economic , and social disadvantages faced by women .
American Game Cartridges ( AGC ) was an American video game developer and publisher established as a subsidiary of ShareData in 1990 .
Animal Collective is an American experimental pop band formed in Baltimore , Maryland in 1999 .
Prior to July 2008 , the business units that comprise StoneRiver were part of Fiserv Incorporated , which was founded in 1984 .
The Kungsbacka Fjord Nature Reserve ( Swedish : Kungsbackafjordens naturreservat ) , established in 2005 , has an area of 5200 hectares and is included in the Natura 2000 network .
In January 1996 , Life . Church began in Oklahoma City with 40 congregants meeting together `` in a two - car garage , equipped with just a borrowed overhead projector and two construction lights purchased at Lowe 's for $ 19.99 . ''
SilverBirch Studios was a video game developer founded in 2004 by Kevin Birch .
On 31th of August 2015 a cargo airline Airest announced the start of a new brand named FLYEST .
The Oceanographic Museum was inaugurated in 1910 by Monaco 's modernist reformer , Prince Albert I. Jacques - Yves Cousteau was director from 1957 to 1988 .
Acid Reign are a British thrash metal band , active from 1985 to 1991 , and again since 2015 .
Missouri Western State University was founded in 1915 as a two - year institution called St. Joseph Junior College and held courses in the original location of Central High School ( St. Joseph , Missouri ) at 13th and Patee .
PharmedOut ( PhO ) is a Georgetown University Medical Center project founded in 2006 .
The bank was established in June 1998 and Cape Fear Bank Corporation , the parent company , was formed in June 2005 .
Fania Records was a New York based record label founded by Dominican - born composer and bandleader Johnny Pacheco and Italian - American lawyer Jerry Masucci in 1964 .
Freightliner Group is a rail freight and logistics company , formed in the United Kingdom in 1995 , and now having expanded into Australia , The Netherlands and Poland .
De Dijk ( English : The Dike ) is a Dutch rock band which formed in 1981 .
The National Mining Museum Scotland was created in 1984 , to preserve the physical surface remains of Lady Victoria Colliery at Newtongrange , Midlothian , Scotland .
Voronyinskaya Volost ( Russian : Воро́ньинская во́лость ) was an administrative division ( a volost ) of Kemsky Uyezd of Arkhangelsk Governorate of the Russian Empire , which existed in 1866 - -1868 .
Opened on July 12 , 1989 , Lotte World receives 7.6 million visitors each year .
Union of Democrats for Citizenship and Development ( Portuguese : União dos Democratas para Cidadania e Desenvolvimento ) is a political party in São Tomé and Príncipe , formed in January 2005 .
Nick Jonas & the Administration is a band formed in late 2009 as a side project by Nick Jonas of the Jonas Brothers .
The Mali Empire ( Manding : Nyeni ; English : Niani ) , also historically referred to as the Manden Kurufaba , was a Mandinka / Bambara empire in West Africa from c. 1230 to c. 1600 .
The Åland Progress Group ( Swedish : Ålands Framstegsgrupp ) was a political party in the Åland Islands that contested elections in 1999 and 2003 .
Open Book Publishers was founded in 2008 by Rupert Gatti , Alessandra Tosi and William St Clair all of whom were academics from the University of Cambridge .
Scripps Networks Interactive is an American media company formed on July 1 , 2008 , when the E. W. Scripps Company spun off its cable television division as a publicly traded company .
Iraqi Red Crescent Society was founded in 1932 and it has its headquarters in Baghdad .
Pony Pony Run Run are a French power pop band from Angers formed in Nantes in 2003 .
Dovre National Park ( Norwegian : Dovre nasjonalpark ) is a national park in Hedmark and Oppland , Norway , that was established in 2003 .
The Church of Scotland traces its roots back to the beginnings of Christianity in Scotland , but its identity is principally shaped by the Reformation of 1560 .
Mark Ghuneim , CEO and co - founder of Wiredset , launched the digital agency in 2004 .
It was established in 1910 in connection with the construction of the Amur Railway ; both the settlement and the railway station were named after the stream called Magdagachi , which flows into a tributary of the Amur River .
Naturalist Henry A. Snow established the Oakland Zoo in 1922 on 19th St and Harrison St in downtown Oakland .
Bajan Helicopters Limited was a Bridgetown - based , Barbadian aviation company which was founded in 1989 and ceased trading in April 2009 .
In 2002 , four years after the forced amalgamation of Toronto , MTHC merged with THC to form the new Toronto Community Housing Corporation ( TCHC ) to administer all public housing units within the merged City of Toronto .
Delta Chi Xi Honorary Dance Fraternity , Inc. was founded in the UNCG School of Music , Theatre and Dance at the University of North Carolina at Greensboro on April 20 , 2010 .
The Greenberry Woods was a power pop quartet formed in 1989 by songwriters Matt Huseman and Ira Katz while students at the University of Maryland .
An Taisce - The National Trust for Ireland ( Irish pronunciation : ( an̪ˠ ˈt̪ˠaʃcə ) , meaning `` the store '' or `` the treasury '' ) ' , was established in 1948 .
Ultraísta is an experimental rock band , formed in 2008 .
The first Earth Day Challenge Marathon was held in 2007 and has been held annually since .
WYOW 's first broadcast to viewers in North - Central Wisconsin and the Western Upper Peninsula of Michigan was on January 4 , 1997 under the ownership of Northwoods Educational Television .
The Jepson School of Leadership Studies , founded in 1992 at the University of Richmond , is dedicated to the academic study of leadership .
The SOS Mata Atlântica Foundation was created in 1986 as a non - governmental and non - profit organization , with the goal of defending what remains of Mata Atlântica ( the Atlantic Forest ) in Brazil .
Officially the Kazakhstan Institute for Strategic Studies was founded on 16 June 1993 , under the Decree of President Nursultan Nazarbayev with the mission to provide predictive research and analysis of strategic issues of external and internal nature for further development of Kazakhstan .
Gutenfels Castle was built in 1220 .
In 1916 , Franchetti bequeathed the Ca ' d'Oro to the Italian State .
Un - Cruise Adventures was founded as the American Safari Cruises in 1996 in order to provide small yacht cruises in Alaska .
The Ash Mountain Entrance Sign at Sequoia National Park was constructed in 1935 by Civilian Conservation Corps craftsmen .
School of Visual Arts ( SVA ) is a for - profit art and design college located in Manhattan , New York , founded in 1947 .
Common Dead debuted with a self - titled album in 2009 that earned favorable reviews from press .
Bright Turkey Party ( Turkish Aydınlık Türkiye Partisi ( ATP ) ) was a right - wing party founded on 27 November 1998 by Oktay Öztürk .
McKenna Long & Aldridge was formed by the 2002 merger of two firms -- the Washington , DC - based McKenna & Cuneo and the Atlanta - based Long Aldridge & Norman .
Maritime Analog ( aka Maritime Analog Effects Pedals and Components ) is an effects pedals and parts company founded in 2010 in North Sydney , Nova Scotia , Canada .
Audio Playground is a Canadian dance - pop act formed in August 2009 in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada .
Focus Ireland was founded by Sister Stanislaus Kennedy in 1985 .
BBC Choice was a BBC TV station which launched on 23 September 1998 and closed on 9 February 2003 .
Some of the acts booked or promoted by Synthetic Entertainment since 2006 include Hanzel und Gretyl , SNFU , Agent Orange , Combichrist , Imperative Reaction , 16 Volt , Bella Morte , Rabbit Junk , Chemlab , and Genitorturers .
Whoa Oh Records Records was launched in 1998 .
Grandaddy is an American indie rock band from Modesto , California , formed in 1992 .
Immersia is a privately held software development company co - founded by Guy Bar - ner , Karen Shlimovich and Paul Kuklis in 2013 .
Richway first opened in 1968 in metro Atlanta with suburban locations in Smyrna , Sandy Springs , Tucker and College Park .
In September 1986 Unisys was formed through the merger of the mainframe corporations Sperry and Burroughs , with Burroughs buying Sperry for $ 4.8 billion .
The German Air Sports Association ( Deutscher Luftsportverband , or DLV e. V. ) was an organisation set up by the Nazi Party in March 1933 to establish a uniform basis for the training of military pilots .
The Oregon East Symphony was created in 1986 by a consortium of local musicians and music lovers who wanted to establish a community orchestra in Pendleton , Oregon .
WCLM - LP signed on for the first time on March 12 , 2008 .
The Centre for Defence and International Security Studies , established in 1990 at Lancaster University , by merger of two previous institutions : the Centre for Defence and Security Analysis and the Centre for the Study of Arms Control and International Security .
TSO ( The Stationery Office ) is a British publishing company created in 1996 when the publishing arm of Her Majesty 's Stationery Office was privatised .
ASK / Brocēni / LMT was a professional basketball team that was located in Riga , Latvia that existed from 1992 to 2001 .
The Royal Geographical Society ( with the Institute of British Geographers ) is the UK 's learned society and professional body for geography , founded in 1830 for the advancement of geographical sciences .
Tishman Realty & Construction Co. , Inc is an American corporation founded in 1898 that owns and develops real estate .
HealthBridge was founded in 1997 as a community effort to develop a common technology infrastructure for sharing health information electronically in the Greater Cincinnati tri - state area .
DD Malayalam news Varthakal from its inception in 1985 was popular among the viewers for the orthodox style of presentation .
Multan Medical and Dental College ( abbreviated as MMDC ) , established in 2008 , is a private college of medical and dental school , in Multan , Punjab , Pakistan .
In 2004 , Andrejco opened Puppet Heap at its current location in Hoboken .
As the demand for the platform expanded beyond specific client needs , Infofilter evolved into Trendrr in April 2007 .
Announcing its establishment in November 2008 , Jund Ansar Allah is an al - Qaeda inspired organization ideologically affiliated with the movement for global jihad .
The organization was founded in 1983 , when the Galician Socialist Party ( PSG ) decided not to join the BNG and a group of dissenting militants of the PSG formed the Socialist Collective , entering the BNG .
AGA AB , previously AB Gasaccumulator and AB Svenska Gasaccumulator , was a Swedish industrial gas company founded in 1904 .
Patrick Henry Mall , which is named after the adjacent Patrick Henry International Airport , opened as the Peninsula area 's third enclosed regional mall in 1987 .
Atlantic 252 was an Irish long wave radio station broadcasting across Ireland and Great Britain on 252 kHz ( 1190 metres ) from its 1988 purpose built transmission site in Clarkstown , County Meath , which provided service to Atlantic 252 from 1989 until 2002 .
FreeType was in 1996 created by David Turner to render TrueType fonts , including an interpreter for handling TrueType bytecode .
CNW Group ( CNW ) is a Canadian - based commercial press release service established in 1960 and owned by PR Newswire .
Since 21 January 2006 , Peace TV channel has been telecast to more than 200 countries around the world , including in Asia , Europe , Africa , Australia and North America .
The Banque Industrielle de Chine or Industrial Bank of China was chartered in 1913 and was closed in 1922 .
Stratford Armouries was built in 2007 on an 86-acre ( 350,000 m2 ) site - the former RAF Snitterfield .
The various brands were consolidated under the Bally Total Fitness brand in 1995 .
Monoblock Industry of Imagineering is a design and publishing firm established in February 2004 by Pablo Galuppo and Vik Arrieta .
The Black Artists Group ( BAG ) was a multidisciplinary arts collective that existed in St. Louis , Missouri , from 1968 to 1972 .
Chester French was originally a five - piece band that formed in 2003 in their freshman year in Harvard University .
ACE Aviation Holdings Incorporated was created as Air Canada emerged from bankruptcy in 2004 .
Taganka Prison ( Russian : Таганская тюрьма ) was built in Moscow in 1804 by Alexander I , emperor of Russia .
Loyal Company of Virginia or Loyal Land Company was a land speculation company formed in Virginia in 1749 for the purpose of recruiting settlers to western Virginia .
Stars of Track and Field was a three - piece indie rock band from Portland , Oregon that was active from 2003 to 2011 .
She saw the opportunity for packaging intangible experiences as gifts and established Red Letter Days in 1989 .
TV Mania was a British - American electronic band founded in 1995 that consisted of keyboardist Nick Rhodes and guitarist Warren Cuccurullo ( both of Duran Duran ) , long - time Duran Duran keyboard tech and collaborator Mark Tinley ( aka Mark Ty - Wharton ) and producer / multi - instrumentalist Anthony J. Resta .
The resulting album , Two Tongues , was scheduled to be released in summer 2008 , but was delayed for unspecified reasons .
ISOC - Yemen was established in August 2013 as the first Internet - related civil society organization in Yemen .
Since July 2010 , Spark MicroGrants has worked alongside communities in Rwanda , Uganda And Burundi in order to support their community - driven initiatives .
Darlington Mowden Park Sharks Ladies Rugby Football Club is a women 's rugby union club in Darlington , County Durham , England founded in 1996 .
Begun as a solo recording project in 2010 by Will Toledo , Car Seat Headrest released 12 albums on the internet site bandcamp .
Fractal Records is an independent French label created in September 1994 , eclectic , focused on rock music , jazz , psychedelic , modern , avant - garde , free , punk , experimental , and especially that of Japan .
The club was founded 2009 by students of the Inca Garcilaso de la Vega school , in that year Real Garcilaso played the second division in Cusco .
Followed by a pre - release sampler made available on September 13 , 2013 via SoundCloud , announced on @tweakermusic , @primitiverace and as reported on metal underground Primitive Race published an interview featuring Graham Crabb on YouTube on September 26 , 2013 detailing how the band collaborates , produces and constructs their music .
In 2001 , Ericsson Mobile Platforms became one of the first companies to license 3 G technology platforms to mobile phone manufacturers .
San Diego Men 's Chorus ( SDMC ) provided entertainment for San Diego , California since 1985 .
Peau Vavaʻu 's office opened for operations on 27 May 2004 with Chairman of the Board and 50 % owner , the former HRH Crown Prince Tupouto'a , who became George Tupou V , and Director Mr Joseph Ramanlal , also a 50 % owner .
Wickes was founded by Henry Dunn Wickes , in Michigan , United States in 1854 , and in 1972 , Wickes Corporation , along with British builders merchant , Sankeys , opened its first store in the United Kingdom .
Created in 2003 , Constructing Excellence leads efforts to apply the progressive thinking of the 1994 Latham and 1998 Egan Reports , having absorbed several of the bodies established since those government - instigated reports were published .
In 1989 , the University in Pullman formally established Washington State University Vancouver as a branch campus of the state 's land - grant institution .
Angus & Julia Stone are an Australian brother - sister folk and indie pop group that formed in 2006 by Angus Stone and Julia Stone .
BBC Persian Television ( Persian : تلویزیون فارسی بی‌بی‌سی‎‎ ) is the BBC 's Persian language news channel that was launched on 14 January 2009 .
Stila Cosmetics is an American cosmetics company founded in 1994 by makeup artist Jeanine Lobell .
V SS Mountain Corps was a Waffen SS formation that existed in later periods of World War II . The Corps fought against partisans in Yugoslavia as part of 2nd Panzer Army from October 1943 to December 1944 .
The Comité International du Ski - Alpinisme de Compétition ( CISAC ) was the international committee of competition ski mountaineering and was founded in 1991 .
CIAY - FM went on the air in 2004 , and relies mostly on volunteer labour .
While at Kendall in 1986 , Keenan was in two musical groups , Tex A.N.S. and Children of the Anachronistic Dynasty .
The Corps became a military unit on 1 January 1944 under the name `` The British Free Corps '' In the first week of February 1944 , the BFC moved to the St Michaeli Kloster in Hildesheim , a small town near Hannover .
Santipur B.Ed College , established in 2010 , is a private college in Santipur , Nadia district , West Bengal , India .
The Dirty 9s are a band from Dublin , Ireland who have been writing & recording music together since 2008 .
Text Records is a British independent record label founded by Kieran Hebden in 2001 .
The youngest town in the Kolyma region , Sinegorye was built in the period 1971 to 1981 to house workers for the construction of the nearby dam and hydroelectric power station on the Kolyma River .
After the Second World War , on 30 September 1946 , at the congress in Paris the organization formally became known as the International Union of Socialist Youth .
Dogbones was a Lithuanian rock band , which existed from 1995 to 1998 .
The Royal Philharmonic Orchestra ( RPO ) , based in London , was formed by Sir Thomas Beecham in 1946 .
Knowledge Institute of Technology ( KIOT ) was founded by the Knowledge Institute of Technology Trust ( KIOTT ) in 2009 in kakapalayam , salem .
Founded in 1992 and like KHTM - LP , KLGV - LD is owned by International Broadcasting Network .
The Cologne Conference was founded in 1991 by journalist and media researcher Lutz Hachmeister while he was the head of the Adolf - Grimme - Institut .
The team was established in 1997 as Ware Fire , but following the demise and eventual closure of the former British Basketball League franchise Essex Leopards in 2003 , a supporters group known as ' Leopards Alive ' merged with the Ware - based club and rebranded the team as Essex & Herts Leopards in 2004 .
Criteo was founded in Paris , France in 2005 by Jean - Baptiste Rudelle , Franck Le Ouay and Romain Niccoli .
The Sky Kings was an American country music supergroup formed in 1991 as Four Wheel Drive .
ArjoHuntleigh , which is a part of the Getinge Group was established in early 2007 through the merger of ARJO and Huntleigh Technology .
Dream Street was a short - lived American pop boy band that was formed in mid-1999 by Louis Baldonieri and Brian Lukow .
The Lebanese Air Force was established in 1949 under the command of then - Lieutenant Colonel Emile Boustany who later became commander of the army .
Goodwin Steel Castings has been a supplier of machined castings since 1883 .
The Beer floating event has been organized annually since 1997 .
D - Side was an Irish boyband established in 2001 , by twins Rory and Eoghan MacSweeney and they were signed to Edel Records .
The Alliance for Finance was founded in 1996 on the initiative of the Barclays Group Staff Union to encourage more joint campaigning and solidarity between the many trade unions and staff associations covering the banking and financial services sector in the UK .
Located in New Orleans , Xavier University of Louisiana was established in 1915 when Saint Katharine Drexel and the Sisters of the Blessed Sacrament founded the coeducational secondary school from which it evolved .
The National Council of Schools and Programs of Professional Psychology ( NCSPP ) was founded in 1976 to enhance the quality of graduate training in professional psychology .
Since its first opening in 1988 over six million visitors from more than 25 countries have experienced Dialogue in the Dark , which has provided over 6,000 blind people jobs .
Branch Metrics was founded by Alex Austin , Mike Molinet , Mada Seghete , and Dmitri Gaskin in 2014 .
Winterworld is an electronic music festival founded in 2003 in Germany .
BLØF is a Dutch pop rock band founded in 1992 by musician Peter Slager , and originally consisted of four musicians : bassist Peter Slager , guitarist Paskal Jakobsen , Bas Kennis , playing keyboards , and Henk Tjoonk as drummer .
While not formally established as an organization until 1974 in the wake of the Yom Kippur War , Gush Emunim sprang out of the conquests of the Six - Day War in 1967 , encouraging Jewish settlement of the land based on the belief that , according to the Torah , God gave it to the Jewish people .
Grand Prix de la ville de Tunis ( English : Grand Prize ( of cycling ) of the City of Tunis ) is a one - day professional road bicycle racing event and sports festival established in 2007 and projected to be held annually each April in Tunis , the capital city of the Tunisian Republic .
The Kingdom of Sarawak was a state in Borneo established in 1841 by James Brooke receiving independent kingdom status from the Sultanate of Brunei as a reward for helping fight piracy and insurgency .
The University of Madeira ( UMa -- Portuguese : Universidade da Madeira , pronounced : ( univɨɾsiˈdad(ɨ ) dɐ mɐˈdɐjɾɐ ) , 32 ° 39′32``N 16 ° 55′28''W ) is a Portuguese public university , created in 1988 in Funchal .
Kissinger Associates , Inc. , founded in 1982 , is a New York City - based international consulting firm , founded and run by Henry Kissinger and Brent Scowcroft .
Medical University of Białystok was created in 1950 in a historic building from the 18th century , Pałac Branickich , which is the most historically important building for the city of Białystok .
It was founded in 1901 as the Aero Club of Great Britain , being granted the title of the `` Royal Aero Club '' in 1910 .
ArtBakery is founded in 2002 after the artist Goddy Leye moves back to Cameroon from the Netherlands .
Gang Gajang ( styled as GANGgajang ) are an Australian pop rock band which formed in 1984 .
Maynaguri College , established in 1999 , is general degree college in Maynaguri .
Created in 2002 , SPoW -Science Parks of Wallonia- , is an association of seven Belgian science parks located in Wallonia :
The Liang dynasty ( Chinese : 梁朝 ; pinyin : Liáng cháo ) ( 502 - -587 ) , also known as the Southern Liang dynasty ( 南梁 ) , was the third of the Southern Dynasties during China 's Southern and Northern Dynasties period .
Euro First Air - Canarias Cargo was founded on 30 November 1999 with headquarters in Las Palmas .
Mokala National Park is a reserve established in the Plooysburg area south - west of Kimberley in the Northern Cape , South Africa on 19 June 2007 .
The Genesis Awards were founded as an annual event in 1986 by the Broadway actress and animal advocate Gretchen Wyler , under the aegis of the Fund for Animals .
Tooth & Nail Records is a Christian rock record label founded by Brandon Ebel in California in November 1993 .
LNT ( Latvian : Latvijas Neatkarīgā Televīzija , Latvian Independent Television ) is a major private television company in Latvia , founded in 1996 .
Formed in 1989 in the city of Most , Eduard began in a rented cellar as a manufacturer of photoetched brass model components .
The Betty Irene Moore School of Nursing at the University of California , Davis was established in March 2009 .
The National Union of Greece ( Greek : Εθνική Ένωσις Ελλάδος , Ethniki Enosis Ellados or EEE ) was an anti - Semitic nationalist party established in Thessaloniki , Greece , in 1927 .
South Sea Roller Derby ( SSRD ) was founded by former Victorian Roller Derby League ( VRDL ) member , Misty Meaner , in 2009 .
The airline was established in 2001 and started operations on 27 October 2002 , reusing the name Qantas gained when it acquired former Australian domestic carrier Australian Airlines in September 1992 .
The Europol Convention finally came into effect in October 1998 after ratification by all 15 EU national parliaments though some outstanding legal issues ( primarily data protection supervision and judicial supervision ) ensured it could not formally take up duties until July 1999 .
The Australian Sports Party was a registered federal political party of Australia formed in 2013 and officially deregistered in August 2015 .
BeritaSatu Sports is a sports television channel , which broadcasts since 2014 .
The Taxi Operators Political Service ( Oceania ) was a minor Australian political party that was active from 1997 to 2001 .
Krupajal Engineering College , Bhubaneswar also called as KEC is an Engineering Institution in the Eastern Zone of Odisha , which was established in the year of 1995 under Krupajal Group of Institution promoting Engineering excellence .
The Matthew Shepard Foundation is an LGBT nonprofit organization , headquartered in Casper , Wyoming , which was founded in December 1998 by Dennis and Judy Shepard in memory of their son , Matthew .
British Lion Films is a film production and distribution company active under several forms since 1919 .
Academy for Advanced Academics ( AAA ) is a combined effort of Florida International University ( FIU ) and Miami - Dade County Public Schools ( MDCPS ) initiated in the summer of the 2009 school year .
The National Amateur Body - Builders ' Association , more commonly referred to as NABBA , was founded in 1950 by the Health & Strength League to promote bodybuilding .
The Wessex Football League is an English association football league formed in 1986 , with its premier division currently at the fifth step of the National League System , or the ninth tier of the overall English football league system .
Radio Student ( 100.5 FM ) is the first student radio station in Croatia , broadcasting since 1996 in Zagreb .
The Marine Museum of the Great Lakes is located at the 1892 Kingston Dry Dock , a national historic site in Kingston , Ontario .
Chatham Day School opened its doors in 1998 , and is small by design .
The Erasmus Programme ( European Region Action Scheme for the Mobility of University Students ) is a European Union ( EU ) student exchange programme established in 1987 .
Vishva Shakti Durga Mandir Association विश्व शक्ति दुर्गा मन्दिर(VSDMA ) was incorporated in 1997 as a non - profit organization to promote the religious , social , and cultural activities of Indo - Canadians in Ottawa and Eastern Ontario .
2H+ ( sometimes 2Hplus or 2H - positive ) is a Slovak hip hop from Bratislava , formed in 2001 .
The Art Gallery of Burlington , founded in 1978 , is the seventh largest public art gallery in Ontario .
Centre d'Art Santa Mònica ( CASM ) , more commonly abbreviated as Arts Santa Mònica , is a public venue in Barcelona , ( Catalonia ) opened in 1988 , for exhibiting traveling contemporary art . It is located in the Raval side of Rambla de Santa Mònica ( Ciutat Vella district ) .
The Norman Mailer Prize or Mailer Prize is an American literary award established in 2009 by The Norman Mailer Center and The Norman Mailer Writers Colony to celebrate writers and their works .
Caravan Radio was a pop up Digital Radio station that broadcast nationally in Australia while Hamish & Andy tour the United Kingdom in 2010 on their fourth Caravan of Courage journey .
The Conference on World Affairs ( CWA ) is an annual conference , open to the public , featuring panel discussions among experts in international affairs and other areas , hosted since 1948 by the University of Colorado Boulder in Boulder , Colorado , USA .
Bjelleklang ( Norwegian : lit . Bell Sounds , coll . Jingle Bells ) is a Norwegian a cappella vocal group , formed in Lørenskog in 1986 , who have released several albums .
Founded on June 22 , 1977 , Sojaprotein started regular production six years later , in 1983 .
Artists Alliance was established in 1991 as an offshoot of the New Zealand Sculptors Society .
The Christian Council of Sweden ( Swedish : Sveriges kristna råd ) is an echumenical Christian organization in Sweden , established on 15 December 1992 .
State Champs is an American pop punk band from Averill Park , New York , formed in 2010 .
The National Enterprise Corporation ( NEC ) was established in 1989 by an Act of Parliament of Uganda , soon after the victories of the National Resistance Army and the National Resistance Movement in the Luwero War , as the commercial arm of the army of Uganda .
OnTrack was a regional rail line that operated in Syracuse , New York from 1994 to 2007 .
Baltona ( full : Baltona Foreign Trade Company Spółka Akcyjna , former Baltona - zaopatrywanie statków ) is an enterprise created in 1946 in Poland .
The Family Values Tour was created by American nu metal band Korn in 1998 to be an annual rock and hip hop tour .
Alive & Well AIDS Alternatives was founded in 1995 by the late Christine Maggiore , who had tested HIV - positive in 1992 .
Vadstena Castle was originally built by King Gustav I in 1545 as a fortress to protect Stockholm from enemies approaching from the south .
Founded by Canadian environmental activists in 1971 , Greenpeace states its goal is to `` ensure the ability of the Earth to nurture life in all its diversity '' and focuses its campaigning on worldwide issues such as climate change , deforestation , overfishing , commercial whaling , genetic engineering , and anti - nuclear issues .
The Sikkim Football Association was formed in the year 1976 , previously it was known as the Gangtok Football and Sporting Association .
The Cyberjaya campus was opened on 8 July 1999 .
Formed at the University of Notre Dame in December 1997 by guitarist / vocalist Brendan Bayliss , bassist Ryan Stasik , keyboardist Joel Cummins , and drummer Mike Mirro , Umphrey 's McGee combined members of Tashi Station and Stomper Bob , two Notre Dame rock bands .
The Ark Project or Ark Project of Freedom was an organisation co - founded by Susan Mesinai in March 1991 in Waterbury , Connecticut to find out information on non - Russians taken prisoner by the former Soviet Union .
Telekom Innovation Laboratories ( also called T - Labs ) was established in 2004 as the central research and development institute of Deutsche Telekom .
Mushroom Networks was founded in 2004 , by electrical and computer engineer Rene Cruz , Cahit Akin and Rajesh Mishra as a spin - off from the University of California , San Diego ( UCSD ) and got support from the von Liebig Center .
UN Watch was founded in 1993 under the chairmanship of Morris Berthold Abram .
Nou 24 ( Valencian pronunciation : ( ˈnɔw ˌvintiˈkwatɾe ) ) was the third channel launched by Ràdio Televisió Valenciana on 3 February 2009 , under the name `` 24/9 '' .
The Société Marseillaise de Crédit was created in 1865 by Joseph Grandval , Victor Roux , Albert Rostand and Armand Bergasse .
Iceland 's own defense of its territorial waters began around 1920 and the Icelandic Coast Guard was formally founded on July 1 , 1926 .
Street Pastors was founded in Brixton , south London , UK in 2003 by Rev. Les Isaac .
McAlister 's Deli is a chain of fast casual restaurants founded in 1989 in Oxford , Mississippi by retired dentist Dr. Don Newcomb .
Bigger Picture Music Group , formerly Big Picture Music Group , was an independent record label based in Nashville , Tennessee founded in 2008 .
Vibronics are a reggae collective , based in Leicester , England , starting in 1995 .
Yothu Yindi ( Yolngu for `` child and mother '' ) were an Australian musical group with Aboriginal and balanda ( non - Aboriginal ) members , formed in 1986 as a merger of two bands formed in 1985 - a White rock group called the Swamp Jockeys and an unnamed Aboriginal folk group .
Advanced Telecommunication Modules Ltd ( ATML ) was set up in 1993 by Dr Hermann Hauser and Professor Andy Hopper as a spin - off from the Olivetti Research Laboratory in Cambridge .
Omi International Arts Center was founded in 1992 by Francis Greenburger , a New York real estate developer , who serves as chairman of Art Omi , Inc. , the residency 's parent foundation .
Founded in 2005 , the European Society of Radiology ( ESR ) is dedicated to promoting and coordinating the scientific , philanthropic , intellectual and professional activities of radiology in all European countries .
The Pannonia Cup is an annual field hockey competition held between the national teams of Croatia , Hungary , Slovakia and Slovenia since 1993 .
The Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group ( ECOG ) began in 1955 as one of the first publicly funded cooperative groups to perform multi - center clinical trials for cancer research .
The club was founded in 2010 as Sumgayit FK .
Brepols ( history ) Brepols ( history ) Roland Baetens ( Ed . ) , Harry de Kok , Pierre Delsaerdt , Gerrit de Vijlder and Ludo Simons , Brepols drukkers en uitgevers 1796 - 1996 , Brepols , 1996 .
Pro Juventute is a charitable foundation in Switzerland established in 1912 .
Four Loko , the company 's most popular beverage , debuted in the United States market in 2005 and is available in 48 states , and in Canada , Puerto Rico , The Bahamas , Peru , Mexico , Bolivia , Honduras , and Europe .
Sandecja Nowy Sącz is a Polish association football club formed in 1910 , its first chairman was Józef Damse .
Post Bank of Iran was formally established in 2006 .
`` Deutsche Leasing GmbH '' , Germany 's first leasing company , was entered in the Commercial Register in Düsseldorf in 1962 .
The organization preceding ZAKA started when a group of volunteers under the leadership of Rabbi Elazar Gelbstein gathered to assist in the recovery of human remains from a terrorist attack on bus line 405 in Israel in 1989 .
The FIM eRoad Racing World Cup was a championship of electric motorcycle road racing , organised by the Fédération Internationale de Motocyclisme ( FIM ) and was only held in this form in 2013 .
The Dutch Gold Coast or Dutch Guinea , officially Dutch possessions on the Coast of Guinea ( Dutch : Nederlandse Bezittingen ter Kuste van Guinea ) was a portion of contemporary Ghana that was gradually colonized by the Dutch , beginning in 1598 .
The Philadelphia Phillies annual franchise awards have been given since 2004 by the Philadelphia chapter of the Baseball Writers Association of America to four members of the Philadelphia Phillies franchise for `` season - ending achievements . ''
First Book is a nonprofit social enterprise founded in 1992 that provides new books and educational resources to children from low - income families .
Fen TV ( Bulgarian : Фен ТВ ) is a Bulgarian music television channel , which launched on 12 November 2003 .
Hi Suhyun ( Korean : 하이 수현 ) is a South Korean duo formed by Lee Hi and Lee Suhyun from Akdong Musician in 2014 .
The Ottawa International Film Festival ( OIFF ) is an Ottawa - based , publicly attended film festival that held its first annual competition in 2010 .
Tokio Hotel is a German pop - rock / alternative rock band , founded in 2001 by singer Bill Kaulitz , guitarist Tom Kaulitz , drummer Gustav Schäfer , and bassist Georg Listing .
TV O Povo went on air in July 2007 , only rebroadcasting TV Cultura programming from São Paulo .
The Business Continuity Institute ( BCI ) was established in 1994 to enable individual members to obtain guidance and support from fellow business continuity practitioners .
Initially formed in 2004 , it was in May 2010 that the formation of Soen was announced .
Pike County Central High School is the result of a consolidation , which brought together the former Johns Creek High School and Mullins High School in 1993 .
Tornado Luxembourg debuted in the 1987 - 88 season , and played in the Rheinland - Palatinat Liga , a German regional league , which they won .
CoCo and the Butterfields are a Fip Fok band , a genre combining Folk , Pop and Hip Hop , from Canterbury , Kent , which formed in 2011 .
FarSight Studios ( formerly Farsight Technologies ) is an American video game developer established in 1988 by Jay Obernolte .
Attack Attack ! was an American metalcore band from Westerville , Ohio , United States , formed in 2007 originally as Ambiance , later changing their name .
Founded on July 11 , 1992 in the Aegean city of İzmir , the main fields of study that can be accessed at the İzmir Institute of Technology are science and technology .
In 2007 SwordLord Productions announced the first ever Flight of the Valkyries metal festival - dedicated to metal bands with female lead vocalists .
The SBS World News Channel was an Australian television channel broadcast by SBS Television that launched on 12 June 2002 .
Bicester Avenue Home and Garden Centre is a shopping centre in Bicester , Oxfordshire that opened in May 2007 .
Ealing Independent College was founded in 1992 , and started out as Ealing Tutorial College .
The American College of Medical Toxicology is a professional association of medical toxicologists that was founded in 1993 .
The Kingdom of Hawaii was established in 1795 with the unification of the independent islands of Hawaiʻi , Oʻahu , Maui , Molokaʻi , and Lānaʻi into one government .
Rocketboy was an American Christian rock band formed in Covington , Georgia , in 1993 .
Euroscript was set up in 1995 by The London Screenwriters ' Workshop ( later known as the Screenwriters '' Workshop ) with the aim of improving the quality of film scripts going into production in Europe .
Novemberkåsan is one of Sweden 's oldest ( started in 1915 ) and biggest motorcycle events .
Compass Records is a Nashville - based independent record label founded in 1995 by musicians Garry West and Alison Brown .
Shasa is a multinational fast fashion retailer established in 1995 .
The Jim McKay Turf Sprint was first run in 2006 as the Baltimore Breeders ' Cup Turf Sprint .
University of the Rockies was founded on June 18 , 1998 as the Colorado School of Professional Psychology ( COSPP ) in Colorado Springs , Colorado .
The Freedom Road Socialist Organization ( FRSO ) was formed in 1985 as many of the Maoist - oriented groups formed in the United States New Communist Movement of the 1970s were shrinking or collapsing .
The Yamaha Music Foundation is an organization established in 1966 by the authority of the Japanese Ministry of Education for the purpose of promoting music education and music popularization .
The British Academy of Northern Cyprus ( BA ) ( formally Sunny Lane School ) founded by Mark & Hayran Unwin in 2001 , was the first School to offer the English National Curriculum in Northern Cyprus .
Alluvial Wall is an outdoor 2001 sculpture by Peter Nylen and the architectural firm Rigga located along the Eastbank Esplanade in Portland , Oregon .
The Scottish Meteorological Society was founded in 1855 with private funding , particularly from wealthy landowners who wished to compile meteorological records in order to improve agriculture .
Democratic Alliance for Egypt , or Democratic Alliance , was a coalition of political parties in Egypt , formed in the wake of the 2011 Egyptian Revolution .
SinemArt is an Indonesian production house founded in 2003 by Leo Sutanto , Sentot Sahid , Heru Hendriarto and Lala Hamid .
The Recorder of New York City was a municipal officer of New York City from 1683 until 1907 .
The Neverclaim released three independent albums starting with 2007 's I Became Low on Break of Day , 2010 's Quietdown on Come&Live ! and 2012 's Revival with Vineyard Worship and Come&Live ! labels .
The Montenegrin Navy was established in 2006 following the secession of Montenegro from the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro .
The International Music Feed was a music channel launched in 2005 broadcasting in the United States .
The Count & Sinden is an electronic music production duo from London formed in 2006 consisting of Joshua `` Hervé '' Harvey ( a.k.a . The Count , formerly The Count of Monte Cristal ) and Graeme Sinden ( simply known as Sinden ) .
AlliedSignal was an American aerospace , automotive and engineering company created through the 1985 merger of Allied Corp. and Signal Companies .
Novair was established and started operations in November 1997 with services from Stockholm to Phuket , Thailand and the Canary Islands of Spain on behalf of Apollo , a Swedish travel agency .
The Royal Swedish Navy Cadet Band is a symphonic wind band with military traditions , and was created in 2002 as a non profit organization in cooperation with the Swedish Armed Forces Music Centre and the Royal Swedish Navy Band .
Initially developed in the Midlands in 2003 , the Gourmet Society was the UK 's first national diners ' club .
Archizoom Associati was a design studio from Florence , Italy founded in 1966 .
Entagen is an American software company founded in 2008 by Christopher Bouton .
ANHAD ( Act Now for Harmony and Democracy ) is an Indian socio - cultural organization established in March 2003 , as a response to 2002 Gujarat riots .
In 1983 , it was renamed from C with Classes to C++ ( `` + + '' being the increment operator in C ) .
Diema Vision was founded on 15 May 1999 by Emil Slavchev , Anatoli Belchev and Asen Radulov .
Ein Harod ( Hebrew : עֵין חֲרוֹד ) was a kibbutz in Israel between 1921 and 1952 , when it split into Ein Harod ( Ihud ) and Ein Harod ( Meuhad ) .
Benedict International Education Group was formed in 1928 by Dr. Gaston Bénédict , a linguist and previous Professor at the University of Southern California .
To My Surprise was an American experimental rock band formed in 2002 in Des Moines , Iowa .
Martyrs ' Park Station ( Chinese : 烈士陵园站 ) is a station on Line 1 of the Guangzhou Metro that started operations on 28 June 1997 .
Zalvia is an alternative rock / folk rock band , from Mexico City , Mexico , formed in 2008 by friends Antonio Torres ( lead vocals , guitars ) , Yonatán Barrueta ( guitars ) , Miguel Rincón ( drums ) , Omar Mundo ( bass ) and Marco Antonio Villanueva ( saxophone ) .
BroadbandTV Corp is a global media company and smart broadcaster founded by CEO Shahrzad Rafati in 2005 .
TINGeLING ( established 1997 in Trondheim , Norway ) is a Norwegian jazz band , initiated by vocalist Eldbjørg Raknes .
Founded in 1952 , Northeast Forestry University ( NEFU ) was formed by the combination of both Zhejiang University and Forestry Department of Northeast Agricultural College , and one of the three oldest institutions for forestry education and research all over the country .
Maritime Archaeology Sea Trust ( MAST ) is a charitable trust founded in February 2011 , which focuses on investigations into the maritime heritage of the United Kingdom and further afield , through historical and archaeological investigations .
The Hong Kong Study Circle was founded in 1951 to record and circulate information on the postage stamps and postal history of Hong Kong and the Treaty ports .
National Art Glass Gallery is located at the Wagga Wagga Civic Centre which started collecting studio glass in 1979 under the name Wagga Wagga Art Gallery but was changed to its current name to recognise the galley 's national significance .
Big Ant Studios is an Australian video game development studio founded by CEO Ross Symons in 2001 .
The Thai World Hockey League was founded by the American Scott Whitcomb and the Canadian Scott Murray in the year 2003 , who both were players of the Flying Farangs , a Thailand - based team of foreign ice hockey players who compete in club tournaments around Asia .
Nomad Foods was founded on 1 April 2014 as an investment vehicle without operational business by Noam Gottesman and Martin E. Franklin .
The Republic of South Maluku ( Indonesian : Republik Maluku Selatan , ( RMS ) Dutch : Republiek der Zuid - Molukken ) , also known as the Republic of the South Moluccas , was a self - proclaimed republic in the Maluku Islands founded on 25 April 1950 .
Farhangsara Metro Station is the eastern end of Tehran Metro Line 2 , and was opened in 2010 , with Mohammad - Bagher Ghalibaf attending the inauguration .
Teenage Time Killers is a rock supergroup formed in February 2014 by My Ruin guitarist Mick Murphy and Corrosion of Conformity drummer Reed Mullin .
Fritz Hansen was founded in 1872 , when Fritz Hansen , a Danish carpenter , founded his own furniture company and in 1915 introduced his first chair in steam bent wood .
Sounds from the Ground ( SFTG ) is an English electronic music duo formed in 1995 .
No Atlas were an English progressive - indie band from Cheltenham , Gloucestershire , formed in 2013 .
Big Life was a record label established in 1987 by Jazz Summers and Tim Parry .
The Joint Force Training Centre , started on March 31 , 2004 , focuses on joint and combined training at the tactical level .
Nomos Center was established in November , 2003 as independent NGO , the goal of which is taking part and support programs and projects of political analysis and strategic researches in the field of general security , information spreading about the European and euroatlantic integration processes .
Adornis.com , Inc. was an online jewelry retailer launched by Irish entrepreneur Declan Ganley with co - founder Sean Ganley , brother of Declan , in 1999 , part of the dot - com boom of the 90 's .
The Boston Association for Childbirth Education ( BACE ) was established in 1953 by students of Jean Whiffen .
Antena 3 Canarias was a Spanish television channel broadcasts to the Canary Islands and in Spanish , launched in 2008 .
The Logic Factory is an award - winning video game development company founded by Jason and Todd Templeman in 1993 .
The Escola de Economia de São Paulo ( São Paulo School of Economics -- EESP ) is a Brazilian private economics higher education institution founded in April , 2003 in São Paulo by the Fundação Getúlio Vargas .
Founded as Wilhelmina in 1908 , the club changed its name to SC Feijenoord in 1912 , SC Feyenoord in 1974 , and Feyenoord Rotterdam in 1978 , when SC Feyenoord became a separate amateur team .
The Kingdom of Nepal ( Nepali : नेपाल अधिराज्य ) , also known as the Kingdom of Gorkha ( Nepali : गोर्खा अधिराज्य ) , was a kingdom formed in 1768 by the unification of Nepal .
The Organisation Internationale des Constructeurs d'Automobiles , commonly abbreviated OICA ( English : International Organization of Motor Vehicle Manufacturers ) , is a federation of automobile manufacturers , based in Paris , founded in 1919 .
Zveri was formed in mid-2002 by Roman Bilyk , the lead singer of the band , better known as Roma Zver ' .
Seeker & Servant are an American worship band from Jackson , Mississippi , where the trio started making music in 2012 , while they play CEDM , CCM , and Christian rock styles of music .
Vanderveen is a rock band from Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada , founded in 2003 by songwriters Matt Thomas and Phil Bockstael .
Dark Lotus made its debut with the single `` Echoside , '' which was originally intended for the group 's debut , but released on Insane Clown Posse 's 1999 album The Amazing Jeckel Brothers instead , because the Dark Lotus album 's production took longer than expected .
Bel Tempo was formed in 1986 in Belgrade by brother and sister Vladimir `` Vlada '' Petričević ( guitar , keyboards , vocals ) and Suzana Petričević ( vocals ) .
Adelaide Bank was established on 1 January 1994 from the Co - operative Building Society of South Australia Limited , which was Australia 's largest building society as a result of a merger with the Hindmarsh Building Society .
Manchester Valley High School was designed by Grimm and Parker Architects and opened for students in August 2009 relieving overcrowding at nearby North Carroll High School in Hampstead , Maryland .
BINA Istra is a Croatian joint stock company founded in 1995 to facilitate construction and subsequent management of an Istrian Y motorway , consisting of the A8 motorway and the A9 motorway .
Since the company 's beginnings in 1950 , Gorenje has expanded into a multinational corporation and the Gorenje Group currently includes 83 companies , 59 of which are located outside Slovenia .
Aquidauana was founded on 15 August 1892 by a local committee including several leading colonels and farmers .
Marfin Investment Group ( also known as MIG ) is a Greek investment company created in 1998 as Marfin Α.Ε.Π.Ε.Υ ..
The European Association for Japanese Studies ( EAJS or ヨーロッパ日本研究協会 ヨーロッパにほんけんきゅうきょうかい ) was established in 1973 by European scholars in order to facilitate academic exchange in the field of Japanese studies within Europe .
Lyon 's was founded in San Francisco in about 1952 .
The San Francisco Baking Institute ( SFBI ) is a private , unaccredited culinary school in South San Francisco , California founded by Michel Suas and his wife Evelyne Suas in 1996 .
The Academy for Gifted Children , also known as P.A.C.E. ( Programming for Academic and Creative Excellence ) , was founded in 1993 by former Earl Haig Secondary School teachers Dennis Reynolds & Barbara Rosenberg , and has increased in admission since its inception .
The University American College Skopje ( UACS ) is a university established in 2005 in the Republic of Macedonia .
Happy Face Entertainment ( Hangul : 해피페이스 엔터테인먼트 ) is a South Korean entertainment agency established by Ahn Myung - won and Kim Young - deuk , more known as the music production duo E - Tribe , on August 15 , 2008 .
Sci - Fi - London ( The London International Festival of Science Fiction and Fantastic Film , SFL ) , is a UK - based film festival , dedicated to the science fiction and fantasy genres , which began in 2002 .
The Anglian Water Authority was formed by the Water Act 1973 as one of ten regional water authorities which took over statutory and local authority owned water supply and waste water ( sewage ) undertakings .
The Lowest of the Low is a Canadian alternative rock group formed in 1991 from Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
The Continental Drifters were an American rock band , formed in Los Angeles , California in 1991 and dissolved in New Orleans , Louisiana about a decade later .
Association française pour le nommage Internet en coopération ( AFNIC ) is a non - profit corporation that was created in December 1997 in order to operate a number of French country code top - level domain names such as .
The Northern Yuan dynasty , or simply the Northern Yuan , refers to the Mongol regime based in Mongolia homeland after the fall of the Yuan dynasty in China in 1368 , until the emergence of the Qing dynasty founded by the Manchus in the 17th century .
The American College of Nutrition was founded in 1959 with the stated purpose of enhancing nutrition and metabolism knowledge among physicians and professionals from all disciplines with a common interest in nutrition , and to promote the application of such knowledge to the maintenance of health and treatment of disease .
Antonine College was formed in 2005 by the amalgamation of the Antonine Sisters Maronite Primary School , established in 1998 , and the Antonine Sisters Trinity Maronite Catholic College established in 2002 which originally catered for students from Prep to Year 10 .
350.org takes its name from the research of Goddard Institute for Space Studies scientist James E. Hansen , who posited in a 2007 paper that 350 parts - per - million ( ppm ) of CO2 in the atmosphere is a safe upper limit to avoid a climate tipping point .
The Hellenic Open University was founded in 1992 in Patras , but remained defunct until 1997 at which time legislation was enacted ( Act 2552/97 ) regarding its operation .
The Heckscher Museum of Art is named after its benefactor , August Heckscher , who in 1920 donated 185 works of art to be housed in a new Beaux - Arts building located in Heckscher Park , in Huntington , New York .
Sup'Internet is a private French school created in September 2011 and located at Paris .
Founded in 2004 by Palestinian diaspora filmmaker Hazim M. Bitar , The Jordan Short Film Festival ( JSFF ) started as a short film cinema week to provide film aficionados in Jordan with an opportunity to screen Jordanian short films produced by the Amman Filmmakers Cooperative ( AFC ) and other Jordanian and Palestinian indie filmmakers .
The Receiving End of Sirens was a rock band from Belchertown , Massachusetts , formed in 2003 .
MarketTools was an internet - based market research company founded in 1997 that was acquired by MetrixLab in 2012 and now does business under the MetrixLab name .
Phoenix Seminary is an Inter / Multidenominational , evangelical , Protestant , Christian seminary established in 1987 in Phoenix , Arizona .
Color Climax Corporation ( CCC ) began in 1967 with the publication of the porn magazine ColorClimax , despite pornography being illegal in Denmark until 1969 .
The Southwest Asia Service Medal ( SASM ) is a military award of the United States Armed Forces which was created by order of President George H.W. Bush on March 12 , 1991 .
Shakespeare Squared was co - founded in 2003 by Kim and Jay Kleeman .
Pennies for Peace was originally founded in 1995 as `` Pennies for Pakistan '' .
The concept for VitaPerk 's powdered coffee supplement began in January 2010 as an attempted convergence of the coffee and nutritional supplement industries .
Dushanbe Zoo or Dushanbe Zoological Park was founded in 1960 in Dushanbe , Tajikistan .
Vizion Plus is a satellite frequency , private television station founded in 1999 in Tirana , Albania , part of Edil - Al construction group and WAZ - Mediengruppe .
Roomful of Teeth is a vocal ensemble founded in 2009 by Brad Wells .
The Adelaide Casino opened in December 1985 , the casino licence being held by the ( State - owned ) Lotteries Commission which appointed Aitco Pty Ltd to establish and operate a casino on its behalf .
The Remingtons were founded in 1991 by singers Jimmy Griffin , Richard Mainegra and Rick Yancey .
Appenzell became independent of the Abbey of St. Gallen in 1403 and entered a league with the Old Swiss Confederacy in 1411 , becoming a full member in 1513 .
Frontier Communications Northwest was founded in 1964 as the General Telephone Company of the Northwest , Inc. and later became GTE Northwest , Incorporated GTE Northwest originally served Idaho , Montana , Oregon , Washington .
The company was formed in 1985 as Atlantic Air Transport and was renamed RVL Aviation in April 2007 when parts of the former Air Atlantique Group became independent businesses .
Linjeflyg was formed in 1957 as a Swedish domestic airline by Swedish airlines Scandinavian Airlines System and Airtaco as well as by newspaper publishers Dagens Nyheter AB and Stockholms - Tidningen AB .
Anal Cunt , also known as AxCx and A.C. , was an American grindcore band that formed in Newton , Massachusetts in 1988 .
The Aerobics and Fitness Association of America ( AFAA ) is a fitness education company that was established in 1983 , and operates out of Sherman Oaks , California .
Portal Software was founded in 1985 as Portal Information Network , one of the first ISPs in the San Francisco Bay Area .
State of Negation was formed in the summer of 2010 as just a fun project consisting of Casper Leijen , Mike van Bekkum , Pim Nijssen , Tristan Jacobs and Sang - Jae Kouwenberg .
The company was founded by Dieter Manz as the GmbH Manz Automatisierungstechnik in 1987 .
Finally in 2010 , BC Research Inc. , BCRI , opened again for business in its new research facilities in Burnaby , B.C. Their board of directors is composed of Kemetco and NORAM Engineering and Constructors Ltd business and technology leaders .
In 2008 , Protect Your Bubble launched in the UK .
Jotdog ( stylized as JotDog ) is a Mexican pop band formed in Mexico City in 2009 .
The Melbourne Cabaret Festival is a not - for - profit cabaret festival that has been held each year since 2010 in the city of Melbourne in Australia and that by 2013 had grown to become the world 's second - largest event of its kind .
Eenie Meenie Records is a Los Angeles -- based independent record label founded in 1999 that specializes in signing indie pop , indie rock and electronica artists , such as From Bubblegum to Sky , Irving , Oranger , Great Northern , Blue - eyed son , Wallpaper .
Island Pacific Energy was founded in 2007 as a solar energy provider .
Ms. JD was created in 2006 , by women law students from 12 law schools from around the United States .
Inductive Automation introduced the server - centric architecture for SCADA systems with FactorySQL and FactoryPMI in 2003 .
Allied Grain ( owned by Associated British Foods - ABF ) and Banks Cargill Agriculture merged in April 2005 to form Frontier Agriculture .
Thrissur Zoo or State Museum & Zoo , Thrissur ( formerly the Trichur Zoo ) is a 13.5-acre ( 5.5 ha ) zoo that opened in 1885 in the heart of Thrissur City , Kerala , India .
GoodData was founded in 2007 by entrepreneur Roman Stanek .
Polar Music is a Swedish record company founded in 1963 by Stig Anderson and his friend Bengt Bernhag .
The World Jewish Congress was established in Geneva , Switzerland in August , 1936 , in reaction to the rise of Nazism and the growing wave of European anti - Semitism .
Living Direct , previously known as Richlund Ventures , was founded in 1999 by entrepreneur Rick Lundbom , who decided to implement his knowledge and previous experience to bring to the market hard - to - find appliances for modern , small - space living .
Sprung Monkey is an American band that originated in San Diego , California , USA , initially active from 1991 to 2002 , and again since 2005 .
Bioversity International was originally established by the CGIAR as the International Board for Plant Genetic Resources ( IBPGR ) in 1974 .
In 1663 ( or 1597 , according to another account ) , the Tsar built a wooden fortress on the spot of today 's Skopin , which would become a part of the defense system on the southeast of the Grand Duchy of Moscow .
Established in 1984 , Island Press generates about half of its revenue through sales and half through donations by organizations and individuals .
Shoghakat TV company was founded in 1998 in Yerevan , Armenia , on the initiative of Catholicos Karekin II ( at that time Archbishop Karekin Nersessian , Vicar General of the Araratian Pontifical Diocese of the Armenian Apostolic Church ) .
The Kosovo Basketball Superleague ( Albanian : Superliga e Kosovës në Basketboll ) is the top men 's professional basketball league in Kosovo , Basketball Superleague was founded in 1991 , it is run by the Basketball Federation of Kosovo .
N - Train debuted with a mid - tempo ballad song , `` 울면서 울어 ( One Last Cry ) '' , on May 27 , 2011 .
Les Innocents is a French rock / pop band , a duet composed of Jean - Philippe Nataf ( nicknamed Jipé , vocals , guitar ) and Jean - Christophe Urbain ( nicknamed Jean - Chri , vocals , guitar , keyboards ) from 1982 to 1999 , then 2013 onwards .
After a referendum in 1991 where 98 % of the population voted in favor of political autonomy for the area , Holambra gained city status in January 1993 .
In 2011 , the former Oxfordshire Record Office and Oxfordshire Studies services were merged into one comprehensive history service and renamed Oxfordshire History Centre .
Anglo Singapore International School ( Thai : โรงเรียนนานาชาติแองโกลสิงคโปร์ ) is an International School in Phra Khanong District , Bangkok , Thailand established in 2003 that provides an education based on Singapore Curriculum Framework leading to the Cambridge IGCSE .
Prime Computer , Inc. was a Natick , Massachusetts - based producer of minicomputers from 1972 until 1992 .
By 1914 , Horace had created the new four - cylinder Dodge Model 30 .
Consequently , on 28 February 1914 , the Autonomous Republic of Northern Epirus was declared in Gjirokastër ( gr . Argyrókastron ) and a provisional government , with Christakis - Zografos as president , formed to support the state 's objectives .
Syn Sophia , Inc. , formerly AKI Corporation , is an independent video game development studio located in Kichijōji , Tokyo , Japan founded on June 19 , 1995 .
Polyarnye Zori was founded in 1968 as a settlement for workers of the electric power industry due to the construction of the Kola Nuclear Power Plant .
Gold Robot Records is an Oakland - based boutique vinyl record label , formed in 2007 and specializing in vinyl and digital releases .
ISM University of Management and Economics was established in Kaunas in 1999 as the first privately owned institution of management education in Lithuania .
Age of Silence is a Norwegian avant - garde progressive metal band formed in 2004 by Andy Winter of Winds .
The Immigrant Party ( Norwegian : Innvandrerpartiet ) is a Norwegian multicultural immigrant 's interests political party which was founded on 3 September 2006 in Oslo .
Hearts of Saints is an American contemporary Christian alternative rock worship band , while they were formerly known as , Special D. They come from Hopkinsville , Kentucky , where the band started making music in 2005 , and their frontman is Craig Felker .
Libertarianz was founded in late 1995 by Ian Fraser , who served as the party 's first leader .
The Ruins of Athens ( Die Ruinen von Athen ) , Opus 113 , is a set of incidental music pieces written in 1811 by Ludwig van Beethoven .
The Bonn - Rhein - Sieg University of Applied Sciences was founded on 1 January 1995 by the German Federal State of North Rhine - Westphalia .
The Cast of Cheers were formed in 2009 in Dublin , Ireland , by lead vocalist Conor Adams and bassist John Higgins , who recruited Kevin Curran on drums and , after the recording of their début album , they asked Conor 's brother , Neil Adams , to play guitar live .
Flightside were a UK - based lo - fi post - grunge band formed in Uxbridge , England in 1992 .
The Silver State Legacy is a team of the Women 's Football Alliance that began play in 2011 .
The United Aircraft Corporation was an American aircraft manufacturer formed in 1934 at the break - up of United Aircraft and Transport Corporation .
On 29 August 1930 , the university was renamed as Moscow Aviation Institute .
The Qasr Al - Eini Museum 's first phase of building opened in 1998 , and a further section opened in 1999 .
Before Greyton was established in 1854 , the verdant plains and forested ravines of the area were home to the Hassequas khoikhoi tribe who had their kraals near the Gobos river , which they named after their ancestral chief .
Keep It to Yourself -- 1999 MullMuzzler 2 -- 2001 Elements of Persuasion - 2005 Prime Cuts - 2008 Static Impulse - 2010 Impermanent Resonance - 2013 I Will Not Break - 2014
The Democratic Party of Namibia is a political party in Namibia , launched in July 2008 at Keetmanshoop .
The Office of the Public Guardian ( OPG ) in Scotland , is a public body based in Falkirk as part of the Scottish Court Service , established in April 2001 following the passing of the Adults with Incapacity ( Scotland ) Act 2000 .
The National Association of State Credit Union Supervisors ( NASCUS ) is an organization that was formed in 1965 to serve as the primary resource and voice of the state governmental agencies that charter , regulate and examine the nation 's state - chartered credit unions .
TVP Historia is a public , history channel available on cable , satellite and DSL , It was launched on May 2007 .
Benchmark Recordings is a record label that was founded in 2002 by music industry veterans Bill Coben and Denny Bruce .
Azarbaijan Shahid Madani University , ( Persian : دانشگاه شهید مدنی آذربایجان‎‎ ) commonly called only Azerbaijan University , is a public university located near Tabriz , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran , founded in 1987 .
Vintage Books is a publishing imprint established in 1954 by Alfred A. Knopf .
Grassroot Diplomat is a UK - based non - profit , non - political , diplomatic consultancy established in 2011 .
Discovery Laboratories , Inc ( NASDAQ : DSCO ) is an American company which was set up in 1992 and now is based in Warrington , Pennsylvania , developing drug products ( pulmonary medicine ) for patients with respiratory disease .
Joe E. Newsome High School is a public high school that was established in 2003 on Fishhawk Boulevard in Lithia , Florida , USA .
LeftWord Books was founded in 1999 as the publishing division of Naya Rasta Publishers Private Limited .
VTech was founded in Hong Kong in October 1976 by two local entrepreneurs , Allan Wong and Stephen Leung .
Solar Cookers International ( SCI ) is a U.S. based non - profit advocacy group in Sacramento , California , founded by a group of people in 1987 and incorporated on January 6 , 1988 .
The first DoubleTree hotel opened in Scottsdale , Arizona , in 1969 .
Barcelona en Comú ( Catalan for Barcelona in Common ) is a citizen platform launched in June 2014 that is currently governing in minority in the City of Barcelona .
Burt 's Bees originated in Maine in 1984 as a candle making partnership between Roxanne Quimby and Burt Shavitz .
The Ayurvedic Trust ( AVT ) , founded in 1950 , is a health - related trust in India .
Pillai had previously been a leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party , but formed Kerala Janapaksham in 2007 .
Netter Digital Entertainment ( NDE ) was a company created by Douglas Netter in 1995 .
Webers Circus is an Australian travelling circus founded by Natalie and Rudy ( Rüdiger ) Weber in 2007 after dissolving a partnership of 13 years with Rudy 's brother Harry who still runs the Weber Bros Circus in New Zealand .
The Roper - Corbet was an English automobile manufactured from 1911 until 1913 and sold by the London and Parisian Motor Co Ltd. Its maker is not known .
Having started in 1984 in collaboration with Richard Stallman prior to his founding of the GNU project , GNU Chess became one of the first parts of GNU .
Les Horribles Cernettes was founded in 1990 by Michele de Gennaro , a graphic designer at CERN , whose romantic relationship with a physicist was made difficult by his numerous shifts .
Diamantbollen was established in 1990 and was given out in cooperations between SvFF and magazine network until 2000 .
Kemry Hughes helped found the Umoja Party in December 1993 , and the District of Columbia Board of Elections and Ethics approved its name on February 2 , 1994 .
Modern Art Oxford is an art gallery established in 1965 in Oxford , England .
Excel Communications was founded in 1988 by Dallas entrepreneur Kenny Troutt as a long distance reseller in the US telecom sector at the birth of telecom deregulation .
Belonging to Karlstad Cathedral Parish of the Church of Sweden , it serves the Diocese of Karlstad , and was opened on 2 July 1730 .
The National Outdoor Book Award ( NOBA ) was formed in 1997 as an American - based non - profit program which each year presents awards in ten categories honoring the best in outdoor writing and publishing .
`` Shanghai University of Electric Power '' was originated from the `` Shanghai Training School of Electric Power '' `` 上海电业学校 '' , which is founded in 1951 .
Nylands Nation ( NN ) is one of the 15 student nations at the University of Helsinki , Finland 's oldest , Swedish - speaking and established in 1643 at The Royal Academy of Turku .
IFK Hässleholm is a Swedish football club from Hässleholm that was established in 1905 .
The British Occupational Hygiene Society ( BOHS ) , whose vision is a healthy working environment for everyone , was established as a charity in 1953 to reduce work - related ill - health , and makes a distinct and valuable contribution to preventing ill - health in the workplace .
Glass Cloud is an American metalcore band from Hampton , Virginia formed by Jerry Roush , Joshua Travis , Travis Sykes , and Chad Hasty in late 2011 .
It was founded on 26 September 1994 as Datagate International , changed its name to Yuri International in 2005 and Best Flow in 2008 .
Since forming in 1985 , the AFL Commission has become increasingly wealthy and powerful and has had control of the sport in Australia since 1993 and internationally since 2005 .
Pinnacle Motorsport was an Australian motor racing team that competed in Australian touring car racing in 1994 and 1995 .
The club was founded in 1988 under the original name Ungmennafélagið Grafarvogur however because another team already had the abbreviation UMFG the name was changed to Ungmennafélagið Fjölnir , commonly referred to as Fjölnir .
Mysterious Art was a German dance floor house act founded in 1988 .
The Tang Prize was established by Taiwanese entrepreneur Samuel Yin in December 2012 .
Caravan Tours is one of the oldest guided tour companies in the United States , having begun selling escorted travel tours in 1952 .
Sokoine University of Agriculture was established on 1 July 1984 by Parliamentary Act No . 6 of the same year .
Jai Maharashtra ( Marathi : जय महाराष्ट्र ) is a 24/7 Marathi - language news channel launched on 1 May 2013 .
Marques'Almeida is a British fashion label which debuted in 2011 .
Arghoslent is an American death metal band formed in the summer of 1990 .
Mediatonic Games is a British independent games developer founded in September 2005 as Mediatonic Limited .
The Arbeiter - Turn- und Sportbund ( ATSB or Workers ' Gymnastics and Sports Federation ) was a national German sports organization active between 1893 - 1933 .
The University of Notre Dame School of Architecture was the first Catholic university in America to offer a degree in architecture , beginning in 1898 .
Dau al Set ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈdaw əɫ ˈsɛt ) ) , the first post - World War II artistic movement in Catalonia , was founded in Barcelona in October 1948 by poet Joan Brossa .
Baycomms Broadcasting Corporation was founded in 1992 , with DWTY 93.5 in Olongapo City & DXBY 89.9 in Zamboanga City .
The North American Choral Company was founded in 1998 The executive director is Jayne Schuitema .
Keep 6 is a Canadian progressive rock band from Edmonton , Alberta that was formed in early 2006 .
After the break - up of his former band Sanguis et Cinis , Eve Evangel founded Lolita KompleX in early 2008 to realize his idea of a Lolita fashion inspired , but independent Gothic Metal band .
WKUA began regular broadcast operations in February 2012 under program test authority while its broadcast license application is pending .
Hamburg Atlantic Line ( German : Hamburg Atlantik Linie ) was an ocean liner and cruise ship operating company established in Hamburg , West Germany in 1958 by Axel Bitsch Christensen and Vernicos Eugenides , the latter being the adopted son of Home Lines ' founder Eugen Eugenides .
The Friggs were a garage rock band from Camden , New Jersey active from 1990 to 2000 .
As part of the corporate restructuring of Asustek starting in 2007 , Pegatron acquired Unihan Corporation ( Chinese : 永碩聯合國際股份有限公司 ) from Asustek in January 2008 .
The National List had been formed by Ben - Gurion prior to the 1969 elections after his former party , Rafi , had merged into the Alignment against his wishes .
Template Gothic is an experimental , sans - serif typeface designed by Barry Deck in 1989 .
Hatay Köy Hizmetlerispor ( ? ? --2005 ) Antakyaspor ( 2005 - -2008 ) İskenderun Belediye Sahil Spor ( 2008 - -2009 ) Karayılan Belediyespor ( 2009 - -2014 ) İskenderun Belediye Gençlik ve Spor ( 2014 - -present )
Christie Front Drive was an American emo band formed in Denver in 1993 .
Gold Standard Laboratories or GSL was an independent record label which was founded in 1993 in Boulder , Colorado by Sonny Kay .
Roulé ( translating to `` rolled '' ) is a French record label that was founded in 1995 by Thomas Bangalter of Daft Punk .
In 2001 Fertin was completely detached from Gumlink as Fertin Pharma became an independent company .
The Bernard Krone Holding GmbH & Co. KG goes back to the year 1906 when Bernard and Anna Krone founded as a blacksmith 's shop .
DAC Air was an airline from Romania between 1995 and 1998 .
After experimenting as an adolescent with musicians he met between tours and recording sessions , Trucks founded The Derek Trucks Band in 1994 .
Saba University School of Medicine began in 1986 as a combined project between the island government of Saba and a group of medical educators from the United States .
PlanetAll was a social networking , calendaring , and address book site launched in November 1996 .
The Frontenac Flyers were founded in 1989 as members of the Eastern Ontario Junior C Hockey League .
The Trinity and Brazos Valley Railway ( reporting mark TBV ) of Texas came into existence on October 7 , 1902 , originally chartered to build a railroad from Johnson County to the Beaumont area near the Gulf coast .
Aspengrove School was founded in 2003 and was originally located at 6553 Portsmouth Road in Nanaimo .
Established in 1990 , ArgoFilms has received six Emmy Awards , a duPont - Columbia Award for Journalism , four Genesis Awards , and over one hundred other awards internationally .
The World Straight Pool Championship , or the World 14.1 Tournament if no world championship is on the line , is an annual pocket billiards ( pool ) competition held in New Brunswick , New Jersey , since 2006 .
Checker Records is an inactive record label that was started in 1952 as a subsidiary to Chess Records in Chicago , Illinois .
Volos Municipal Radio ( Greek : Δημοτικό Ραδιόφωνο Βόλου , 104.6 FM ) is a municipality - owned radio station in Volos , Greece , operating since 1993 .
The Birmingham Blitz Dames ( BBD ) are a not - for - profit , member - run roller derby league based in Birmingham in England and founded in October 2006 by American transplant Bee Bentley ( Bee Sting née Iva Issues ) , who introduced roller derby to the West Midlands .
Autobianchi ( ) was an Italian automobile manufacturer , created jointly by Bianchi , Pirelli and Fiat in 1955 .
The Arcadian Kicks were an indie rock band from Kinver in South Staffordshire ( near Stourbridge ) , who formed in 2006 .
Although the contemporary University of Novi Sad was established in 1960 with its modern campus , Novi Sad and the whole region have a record of education starting from the 11th century with religious seminaries .
Since its founding in 1992 , Mosaic Youth Theatre of Detroit has worked to alleviate gaps in arts education .
South Asian Football Federation ( SAFF ) , founded in 1997 , is an association of the football playing nations in South Asia and is part of the larger Asian Football Confederation .
Murney Tower is a Martello tower in Kingston , Ontario , Canada , whose construction dates to 1846 and the Oregon crisis .
Slowdime Records was a record label started in 1996 by Juan Luis Carrera and Amanda MacKaye .
Vantaa Chamber Choir is a Finnish mixed choir which was established in 1986 .
The Durgas is a Rock band founded in 2004 around the brothers Benjii and Christopher Simmersbach , with influences of Reggae and African and Eastern European Folk elements over strains of Americana , Folk and roots music and Blues , without losing touch with the musicians ' roots in Punk and Indie rock .
The Afghanistan Campaign Medal ( ACM ) is a military award of the United States military which was created by Executive Order 13363 of President George W. Bush on November 29 , 2004 .
Australian Age of Dinosaurs Ltd ( AAOD ) is a not for profit organisation located in Winton , Queensland and founded by David and Judy Elliott in 2003 .
The Del Sol Quartet is a string quartet based in San Francisco , California that was founded in 1992 .
Terje Winterstø Røthing ( born Terje Vinterstø in 1977 ) is a Norwegian musician , playing guitar in two rock bands .
Tony Kofi is a British jazz multi - instrumentalist , a player of the alto saxophone , baritone saxophone , soprano saxophone and flute .
Susana Seivane Hoyo ( born 25 August 1976 ) is a Galician gaita ( bagpipes ) player .
The band consisted of Ray Tabano on bass guitar , Steven Tyler on drums , Green Mountain Boys member Don Soloman on keyboards and vocals , as well as a few childhood friends on guitars .
Yilian Cañizares was born in Havana , Cuba , and studied violin there , in the strictest Russian tradition .
Joseph Leutgeb ( or Leitgeb ) ( October 6 , 1732 , Neulerchenfeld -- February 27 , 1811 , Vienna ) was an outstanding horn player of the classical era , a friend and musical inspiration for Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart .
Isaku Kageyama ( born December 12 , 1982 in San Francisco , United States ) is an American musician , composer , producer , and educator , specialized in taiko drums .
Blood & Vomit ( 2004 ) Vrangsinn produced , mixed and mastered & performed backup vocals on tracks 1 , 2 and 8 and bass guitar on track 3 .
Eddie Harris ( October 20 , 1934 -- November 5 , 1996 ) was an American jazz musician , best known for playing tenor saxophone and for introducing the electrically amplified saxophone .
Bucky Pizzarelli was born January 9 , 1926 in Paterson , New Jersey , learning to play the guitar and banjo at a young age .
Billy TK 's began playing guitar at an early age , and was surrounded by talented young musicians during his family 's frequent visits to Ratana Pā , who helped fulfill his lust for improving his skills on his instrument .
Alison Turriff ( born 10 August 1984 in Lanark , Scotland ) is a Scottish folk fusion clarinetist , composer , recording artist , researcher , producer and Artist for world leading clarinet makers Buffet Crampon .
Ernie Ball ( born Roland Sherwood Ball ; August 30 , 1930 -- September 9 , 2004 ) was an American entrepreneur , musician , and innovator , widely acclaimed as a revolutionary in the development of guitar - related products .
George Rock ( October 11 , 1919 -- April 12 , 1988 ) was a trumpet player and singer with various bands before starring with Spike Jones and His City Slickers .
His father played the valve trombone in a small Italian band , and through him Meco got his first musical education .
Abdi Behravanfar ( Persian : عبدی بهروانفر , born June 1975 ) is an Iranian Singer , guitar player and singer - songwriter .
Bendik Brænne ( born 17 August 1987 ) is a Norwegian rock'n roll saxophone player and singer / songwriter .
William Schimmel ( born 1946 ) is one of the principal architects in the resurgence of the accordion , and the philosophy of `` Musical Reality '' ( composition with pre - existing music ) .
Johnny Windhurst born John Henry Windhurst ( November 5 , 1926 - October 2 , 1981 ) was a jazz trumpet player , who played primarily in the swing , big - band , and dixieland styles .
Robert Force ( born in Port Townsend , Washington ) is a performer and composer on Appalachian dulcimer .
Ingrid Jensen ( born January 12 , 1966 in North Vancouver , British Columbia ) is a Canadian jazz trumpet player .
Fred Van Eps ( December 30 , 1878 -- November 22 , 1960 ) was a noted banjoist and banjo maker .
Jim Smoak ( born 1933 ) is an American bluegrass and country music banjo player from Louisiana .
John Hunsley was a bagpiper from Manton , North Lincolnshire and last known player of the Lincolnshire bagpipes , which he played until shortly before his death at around 1850 .
Albert King Nelson ( April 25 , 1923 -- December 21 , 1992 ) , known professionally as Albert King , was an American blues guitarist and singer , and a major influence in the world of blues guitar playing .
Juli Wood is an accomplished saxophone player , who appears regularly in Chicago and Milwaukee area jazz clubs , and sometimes on tours through the Midwest with the Juli Wood Quartet .
Devin Bronson 's path to success began at age 11 when he first began playing guitar .
KTLX ( 91.3 FM ) is a Christian radio station licensed to Columbus , Nebraska .
WMAM ( 570 AM ) is a class D AM radio station in Marinette , Wisconsin , serving the Marinette / Menominee , Michigan area .
WHLW ( 104.3 FM , `` Hallelujah 104.3 '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Luverne , Alabama , USA .
WCEO ( 840 AM , `` La Tremenda '' ) is a Spanish Contemporary radio station located in Columbia , South Carolina , USA .
WCBS - FM ( 101.1 FM ) is a CBS - owned radio station in New York City , offering a Classic Hits format .
WNTQ , 93Q , is a Mainstream Top 40 station based in Syracuse , New York .
WBZR - FM ( 105.9 FM , `` Hot Country 105.9 '' ) is an American radio station licensed to serve Atmore , Alabama .
Licensed to Scottville , Michigan , the Federal Communications Commission assigned the call letters of WKZC on June 21 , 1982 .
WOND ( 1400 AM ) is an American news - talk radio station from Pleasantville , New Jersey , broadcasting to the Atlantic City , New Jersey , radio market .
CBCV - FM is a Canadian radio station , which broadcasts the programming of the CBC Radio One network in Victoria , British Columbia and throughout Vancouver Island and the Southern Gulf Islands .
CBUX - FM is a Canadian radio station , which broadcasts SRC 's Ici Musique network ( formerly Espace musique ) at 90.9 FM in Vancouver , British Columbia .
WJTQ ( 100.7 FM ) is an American commercial radio station serving the Pensacola , Florida , and Mobile , Alabama markets .
WOZN - FM ( 106.7 FM ) is a radio station licensed to Mount Horeb , Wisconsin and serving the Madison market .
WMJM , `` Magic 101.3 '' , is an Urban Adult Contemporary FM station licensed to Jeffersontown , Kentucky serving the Louisville metropolitan area owned and operated by Alpha Broadcasting .
CHAS - FM is a radio station licensed to and serving Sault Ste . Marie , Ontario , Canada .
KVYB ( 103.3 FM , 103.3 The Vibe ) is a Rhythmic contemporary based radio station in Santa Barbara , California .
WZAD ( The Wolf ) is country music radio station licensed to Wurtsboro , New York that serves the Catskill Mountains region , Orange County , New York , and Pike County , Pennsylvania .
KKGL ( 96.9 FM , `` The Eagle '' ) is a commercial radio station located in Nampa , Idaho that serves the Boise area .
CFYX - FM was a French - language Canadian radio station located in Rimouski , Quebec .
4MBS Classic FM is an Australian community radio station that broadcasts classical music , jazz and nostalgia from Brisbane at a frequency of 103.7 MHz and on digital radio and online .
WBAK ( 104.7 FM ; `` Big 104 FM '' ) is an American radio station licensed to Belfast , Maine , with studios located in Bangor .
Smooth 91.5 ( call sign : 3PTV ) is a commercial radio station based in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
KFKA ( 1310 AM ) is a radio station licensed to Greeley , Colorado that serves the Fort Collins - Greeley area .
CKMS - FM , known as 100.3 SoundFM , is a Canadian radio station , broadcasting at 100.3 FM in Waterloo , Ontario .
WNSY has Talking Rock , Georgia as its city of license , with a transmitter near Jasper , Georgia .
WFBM - LP ( 100,1 FM ) was an American low - power FM radio station licensed to serve the community of Beaver Springs , Pennsylvania .
KCMI is licensed to serve the community of Terrytown , Nebraska , USA .
WCNF ( 700 AM , `` Power 700 '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Dothan , Alabama , USA .
KTXX - FM ( 104.9 FM , `` The Horn '' ) is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Bee Cave , Texas .
KASH - FM is a commercial country music radio station in Anchorage , Alaska , broadcasting on 107.5 FM .
WCLK FM 91.9 is a radio station licensed to Atlanta , Georgia , USA , and serves the core area of metro Atlanta .
Kuhestanaq ( Persian : كوهستانق‎ , also Romanized as Kūhestānaq ; also known as Kūhestānak ) is a village in Garmeh - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Society for Savings Building , also known as the Society Corp. Building , is a high - rise building on Public Square in downtown Cleveland , Ohio , United States .
Bagh - e Honu ( Persian : باغ هنو‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Honū ) is a village in Kal Rural District , Eshkanan District , Lamerd County , Fars Province , Iran .
Kirsztajnów ( kirʂˈtai̯nuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos , within Warsaw West County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Sikh Center of San Francisco Bay Area ( also known as Gurdwara Sahib of El Sobrante ) is a Sikh gurdwara in the hills of unincorporated El Sobrante , California , in the East Bay of the San Francisco Bay Area .
Bugi ( ˈbuɡi ) ( German : Bogen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark Warmiński , within Lidzbark County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Do Palangu ( Persian : دوپلنگو‎ , also Romanized as Do Palangū ) is a village in Bord Khun Rural District , Bord Khun District , Deyr County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
The El Tovar Hotel , also known simply as El Tovar , is a former Harvey House hotel situated directly on the south rim of the Grand Canyon in Arizona , USA .
Viauville is a Montreal neighbourhood in the borough of Mercier - Hochelaga - Maisonneuve .
Pay - e Rah ( Persian : پايراه‎ , also Romanized as Pāy - e Rāh ) is a village in Chelo Rural District , Chelo District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Hyland Airport ( TC LID : CFT5 ) is located near Hyland , Yukon , Canada has a 100 ft ( 30 m ) wide runway that receives no maintenance .
Mazewo ( maˈzɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczuczyn , within Grajewo County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Dharmapuram is a village near Srikakulam town in Ponduru Mandal Division in Andhra Pradesh , India .
The Frisch School , commonly known as Frisch ( /'frɪʃ/ ) , was founded in 1972 by Rabbi Menachem Meier and Alfred Frisch and is a coeducational yeshiva high school located in Paramus in Bergen County , New Jersey , United States , which adheres to the tenets and practices of Modern Orthodox Judaism .
Shoukatabad ( alternative spelling Shaukat Abad ) is a Union Council of Mansehra District in Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Otermanjärvi is a meduim - sized lake in Vaala municipality , in Finland .
The Rellim Farm near Kearneysville , West Virginia is a 50-acre ( 20 ha ) farm and orchard complex which was once part of the nearby Traveller 's Rest property .
Arinagour ( Scottish Gaelic : Àirigh nan Gobhar ) is a village on the Isle of Coll , in the Argyll and Bute council area of Scotland .
The Pedro Anchustegui Pelota Court is a Basque pelota court located on West 2nd North Street in Mountain Home , Idaho .
Untitled ( IUPUI Letters ) , a public sculpture , was designed by the New York City firm Two Twelve and is located on the Indiana University - Purdue University Indianapolis campus near downtown Indianapolis , Indiana .
The Humble Negro Cemetery is located in Harris County , Texas , just north of the City of Humble .
The Kerby House , also known as the Randolph Plantation , is a historic Greek Revival plantation house and historic district in Prairieville , Alabama , USA .
The Lotte New York Palace Hotel is a luxury hotel in Midtown Manhattan , at the corner of 50th Street and Madison Avenue .
Liston Range Rear Lighthouse is a lighthouse in Delaware , United States , on the Delaware River .
Cheshmeh Asal ( Persian : چشمه عسل‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh `` Asal ) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District , Torqabeh District , Torqabeh and Shandiz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
The Warehouse Cooperative School ( 1969 - 1975 ) was an American free school / alternative school which flourished in and near Boston , Massachusetts in the late 1960s and early 1970s .
The Burin Peninsula is a peninsula located on the south coast of the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador .
Seabury School is an independent school for gifted children in Tacoma , Washington .
Seyyed Mahalleh - ye Shirabad ( Persian : سيدمحله شيراباد‎ , also Romanized as Seyyed Maḩalleh - ye Shīrābād ; also known as Khvājeh Karī , Seyyed Lar Maḩalleh , and Seyyed Maḩalleh ) is a village in Haviq Rural District , Haviq District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Pahzir ( Persian : پهزير‎ , also Romanized as Pahzīr ) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District , in the Central District of Basht County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Stare Lubiejewo ( ˈstarɛ lubjɛˈjɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Mazowiecka , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Lumen Christi Catholic High School is a private Roman Catholic high school located in Summit Township , just outside Jackson , Michigan , in the United States .
Nowtarki - ye Mokhtari ( Persian : نوتركي مختاري‎ , also Romanized as Nowtarkī - ye Mokhtārī ; also known as Nartarkī - ye Mokhtārī and Nowtargī - ye Mokhtārī ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Camp John Wise is a former United States Army military garrison , located in San Antonio , Texas .
Worytki ( vɔˈrɨtki ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Siąszyce ( ɕɔ̃ˈʂɨt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychwał , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Sarguizheh ( Persian : سرگويژه‎ , also Romanized as Sargūīzheh ) is a village in Kakavand - e Gharbi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Spencer Gorge / Webster 's Falls Conservation Area is located on the Niagara Escarpment in Dundas , Ontario , a constituent community of Hamilton , Ontario , and is owned and operated by the Hamilton Conservation Authority .
Saint - Jacques - de - la - Lande ( Breton : Sant - Jakez - al - Lann , Gallo : Saent - Jaq ) is a commune near Rennes in the Ille - et - Vilaine department of Brittany in northwestern France .
Marcross ( Welsh : Marcroes ) is a small village in the rural community of St Donats in the Vale of Glamorgan , south Wales .
Melbury Bubb is a small village and civil parish in the county of Dorset in South West England , situated in the West Dorset administrative district approximately 7 miles ( 11 km ) south of the town of Sherborne .
Jask County ( Persian : شَهرِستانِ جاسک‎‎ ) is a county in Hormozgan Province in Iran .
Afton Station Packard Museum , a privately owned automotive museum on U.S. Route 66 in Afton , Oklahoma , is situated in a restored 1930s Eagle D - X filling station .
San Juan Teposcolula is a town and municipality in the State of Oaxaca , Mexico , often known simply as Teposcolula .
Várzea da Palma is a municipality ( município ) in north - central Minas Gerais in Brazil .
Dehnow - e Tall Gap ( Persian : دهنوتل گپ‎ ) is a village in Sarfaryab Rural District , Sarfaryab District , Charam County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
St. Philip the Apostle Catholic School , Camp Springs , Maryland , ( known as St. Philips ) is a Catholic school in Camp Springs , Maryland within the Archdiocese of Washington .
Retka ( ˈrɛtka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoniawy - Bramura , within Maków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Gol Anjir ( Persian : گل انجير‎ , also Romanized as Gol Anjīr ) is a village in Gurani Rural District , Gahvareh District , Dalahu County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
On 1 January 2009 the former municipality of Montfavergier merged into Montfaucon .
Barley End is a hamlet within the parish of Pitstone in Buckinghamshire , England .
Jadvalkun ( Persian : جدول كون‎ , also Romanized as Jadvalkūn ; also known as Jadvalkān ) is a village in Donbaleh Rud - e Jonubi Rural District , Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Sherman Free Library is an historic public library , located in the village of Port Henry , in Essex County , New York .
Renaissance High School is a public high school located within the city of Detroit , Michigan .
Darreh Takht ( Persian : دره تخت‎ ) is a village in Pachehlak - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Azna County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Carlsbad desalination plant ( officially known as the Claude `` Bud '' Lewis Carlsbad Desalination Plant ) is a desalination plant that opened on December 14 , 2015 in Carlsbad , California , adjacent to the north end of the Encina Power Station .
Zelki Dąbrowe ( ˈzɛlki dɔmˈbrɔvɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karniewo , within Maków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Insignia Towers , also known as 2301 6th Avenue and formerly as the Embassy Development Project , are a pair of 41-story residential skyscrapers in the Denny Regrade neighborhood of Seattle , Washington that are under construction .
Hizan ( Kurdish : Xîzan‎ ) is a district of Bitlis Province , Turkey .
Golakhvor ( Persian : گل اخور‎ , also Romanized as Golākhvor and Golākhūr ; also known as Kūrah Khīl , Kūreh Jīl , Kuriagil , and Kyuryagil '' ) is a village in Arzil Rural District , Kharvana District , Varzaqan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Uppingham is a market town in the county of Rutland in the East Midlands of England , located on the A47 between Leicester and Peterborough , about 6 miles south of the county town , Oakham on the A6003 road .
Zarneh District ( Persian : بخش زرنه‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Eyvan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
The Indian Shaker Church and Gulick Homestead are an ensemble of historic buildings in The Dalles , Oregon , United States .
Cline Falls State Scenic Viewpoint ( also known as Cline Falls State Park ) is a state park near Redmond , Oregon , United States .
The James H. Bibb House is a historic residence in Madison , Alabama .
The Botanischer Garten München - Nymphenburg ( 21.20 hectares ) is a botanical garden and arboretum located at Menzinger Str . 65 , Munich , Bavaria , Germany .
Zhuanghe ( simplified Chinese : 庄河 ; traditional Chinese : 莊河 ; pinyin : Zhuānghé ) is one of the two `` northern county - level cities '' , the other being Wafangdian , under the administration of Dalian , located in the south of Liaoning province , People 's Republic of China .
Konar Malek ( Persian : كنارمالك‎ , also Romanized as Konār Mālek ) is a village in Aviz Rural District , in the Central District of Farashband County , Fars Province , Iran .
Castle Cary ( /ˌkɑːsəl ˈkɛəri/ ) is a small market town and civil parish in south Somerset , England , 5 miles ( 8 km ) north west of Wincanton and 8 miles ( 12.9 km ) south of Shepton Mallet .
KSGM ( AM 980 ) transmitted its first broadcast on July 5 , 1947 from Ste . Genevieve , Missouri .
The Fulton Center is a transit center and retail complex centered at the intersection of Fulton Street and Broadway in Lower Manhattan , New York City .
East Greenwich High School is a public secondary school located in East Greenwich , Rhode Island , U.S. The school serves students in grades 9 - 12 in the East Greenwich Public Schools system .
Tai Tong ( 大棠 : Simplified Chinese ) is an area southwest of Shap Pat Heung , in Yuen Long District , in the northwestern part of Hong Kong .
Uplyme is a village which lies in East Devon on the Devon - Dorset border and the River Lym , adjacent to the Dorset coastal town of Lyme Regis .
192 Shoreham Street in Sheffield , England , is a building with striking architectural design .
Alaska Nellie 's Homestead , located at Mile 23 of the Seward Highway in Kenai Peninsula Borough , Alaska , is the former homestead of Nellie Neal Lawing .
The Flour Exchange Building is an office building in downtown Minneapolis , Minnesota designed by architects Long and Kees , who also designed Minneapolis City Hall and the Lumber Exchange Building .
The Charles River Peninsula is a 30-acre ( 12 ha ) nature preserve in Needham , Massachusetts owned and managed by the Trustees of Reservations .
The Simsbury Railroad Depot is a historic railroad station at Railroad and Station Streets in the center of Simsbury , Connecticut .
The Long Island Motor Parkway ( LIMP ) , also known as the Vanderbilt Parkway and Motor Parkway , was a parkway on Long Island , New York , in the United States .
Pęplino ( pɛmˈplinɔ ) ( German : Horst ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Cleydael Castle ( Dutch : Kasteel Cleydael ) is a moated castle in Aartselaar in the province of Antwerp , Belgium .
Located in the Semien Shewa Zone of the Amhara Region , Ankober is perched on the eastern escarpment of the Ethiopian Highlands at an elevation of about 2,465 meters ( 8,100 ft ) .
Boughton Green , part of the village of Boughton Monchelsea , is in Kent , England .
The Kyffhäuserkreis is a district in the northern part of Thuringia , Germany .
The Aronoff Center is a large performing arts center in downtown Cincinnati , Ohio .
St. Viator College was a Catholic liberal arts college in Bourbonnais , Illinois .
Brzozowo Małe ( bʐɔˈzɔvɔ ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Mayfair Music Hall was an English music hall - styled vaudeville theater devised and created by entrepreneur Milt Larsen , located in Santa Monica , California .
Kâhta ( Kurdish : Kolîk ) is a large district of Adıyaman Province of Turkey .
Lakeside Lake is located at Chuck Ford - Lakeside Park in east Tucson , Arizona , United States , on the northwest corner of Stella Road and Sarnoff Drive .
Lizawice ( lizaˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oława , within Oława County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
New Bern High School is a high school in New Bern , North Carolina whose students come from the New Bern , Trent Woods , Brices Creek , Bridgeton , and James City area .
Darkhiaran ( Persian : درخياران‎ , also Romanized as Darkhīārān and Darkheyārān ) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District , Gafr and Parmon District , Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Oppenheim and St. Johnsville Union Society Church , also known as Crum Creek Evangelical Lutheran Church , is a historic Lutheran church at 110 County Highway 108 in Crum Creek , Fulton County , New York .
Little Oak Ranch was a ranch in Vacaville , California .
Losku ( Persian : لسكو‎ , also Romanized as Loskū ) is a village in Jirhandeh - ye Lasht - e Nesha Rural District , Lasht - e Nesha District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Grantsville First Ward Meetinghouse , at 297 Clark St. in Grantsville , Utah , is a Latter Day Saint meeting house which was built in 1865 - 1866 .
Wetaskiwin Regional Airport , ( TC LID : CEX3 ) , is located within the city of Wetaskiwin , Alberta , Canada .
Youwarou ( or Youvarou ) is a village and commune and seat of the Cercle of Youwarou in the Mopti Region of Mali .
Guytar - e Sofla ( Persian : گوئ ترسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Gūytar - e Soflá ) is a village in Birun Bashm Rural District , Kelardasht District , Chalus County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Folsom Lake College ( FLC ) is a comprehensive , public community college , the 114th community college in the State of California , and the fourth campus of the Los Rios Community College District .
Lake Sutherland is located on the Olympic Peninsula about 17 miles ( 27 km ) west of Port Angeles , Washington .
WMSD ( 90.9 FM ) is an FM radio station licensed to Rose Township , Michigan .
Powidz - Osiedle ( ˈpɔvit͡s ɔˈɕɛdlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Powidz , within Słupca County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Saint - Paul - la - Roche , in Occitan Sent Pau la Ròcha , is a commune in the northeast of the Dordogne department in the Aquitaine region in southwestern France .
Alexandra Park School is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status , located in the Muswell Hill area of the London Borough of Haringey , England .
Dyer State Wayside , a rest stop with picnic tables and public toilets , lies about 10 miles ( 16 km ) miles south of Condon , along Oregon Route 19 .
Deh - e Kafi ( Persian : ده كافي‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Kāfī ) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District , in the Central District of Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Sint Anthonis ( pronunciation ) is a municipality and a town in the southern Netherlands in the Province of North Brabant .
The Shrine of the Most Blessed Sacrament of Our Lady of the Angels Monastery , informally known as OLAM Shrine , is a prominent Roman Catholic Latin Rite shrine located in Hanceville , Alabama , United States within the Diocese of Birmingham .
The Stockbridge Indian Cemetery is a cemetery north of Stockbridge , Wisconsin .
Santee National Wildlife Refuge is a 15,000-acre ( 61 km2 ) refuge alongside Lake Marion , an impoundment of the Santee River of Clarendon County , South Carolina .
The William H.G. FitzGerald Tennis Center is a public tennis center located in Rock Creek Park in Washington , D.C. It is named after a Washington - based private investor who was active in philanthropies and served as ambassador to Ireland .
Mierzynówka ( mjɛʐɨˈnufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
William Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park located in the Rural Municipality of Morton , in southeast Manitoba on Turtle Mountain .
Skułty ( ˈskuu̯tɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłomłyn , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Ali Bozayeh ( Persian : علي بزايه‎ , also Romanized as `` Alī Bozāyeh ) is a village in Gafsheh - ye Lasht - e Nesha Rural District , Lasht - e Nesha District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 652 , in 205 families .
Palang Pareh ( Persian : پلنگ پاره‎ , also Romanized as Palang Pāreh ) is a village in Khoshabar Rural District , in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Metropolitan College of New York ( MCNY ) , formerly known as Audrey Cohen College , is a private college located at 431 Canal Street in Manhattan , New York City in Hudson Square .
Barra Head , also known as Berneray ( Scottish Gaelic : Beàrnaraigh ) , is the southernmost of the Outer Hebrides in Scotland .
Laoag , officially the City of Laoag ( Ilocano : Ciudad ti Laoag ; Filipino : Lungsod ng Laoag ) , is a third - class city and capital of the province of Ilocos Norte in the Philippines .
Ludwigswinkel is a municipality in the district of Südwestpfalz of the German state of Rhineland - Palatinate , very close to the French border .
Homborsund Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Homborsund fyr ) is a coastal lighthouse located on the island Store Grønningen in the municipality of Grimstad , Aust - Agder , Norway .
Cyclone Warehouse is an underground venue in the Butcher Town area of San Francisco , California , between Potrero Hill and Hunter 's Point .
The National Border Patrol Museum is located at 4315 Woodrow Bean Transmountain Drive , in the county of El Paso , in the U.S. state of Texas .
The Des Moines Marriott Hotel is a high - rise hotel located in Downtown Des Moines , Iowa , United States .
The Oakville Centre for the Performing Arts is a municipally run multi - use facility which opened in downtown Oakville , Ontario , Canada in 1977 .
The Bavarian State Archaeological Collection ( German : Archäologische Staatssammlung , until 2000 known as the Prähistorische Staatssammlung , State Prehistoric Collection ) in Munich is the central museum of prehistory of the State of Bavaria , considered to be one of the most important archaeological collections and cultural history museums in Germany .
Pawłowicze ( pavwɔˈvit͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielnik , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
KXXY - FM ( 96.1 FM , `` 96.1 KXY '' ) is a country music formatted radio station serving the Oklahoma City area and is owned by iHeartMedia , Inc ..
WHSB ( 107.7 FM , `` 107 - 7 The Bay '' ) is a 100,000 watt radio station licensed to Alpena , Michigan broadcasting a hot adult contemporary format .
Mali Drenovac ( Serbian : Мали Дреновац ) is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac , Serbia .
Dmanisi ( Georgian : დმანისი , Azerbaijani : Başkeçid ) is a townlet and archaeological site in the Kvemo Kartli region of Georgia approximately 93 km southwest of the nation 's capital Tbilisi in the river valley of Mashavera .
The Summit Stake Tabernacle or `` Coalville Tabernacle '' was a meetinghouse of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS Church ) located in Coalville , Summit County , Utah .
Gannan County ( Chinese : 甘南县 ; Pinyin : Gānnán Xiàn ) is a county in Qiqihar , Heilongjiang , China , about 50 km northwest of the city seat of Qiqihar .
The Institute of Plant Industry , Vavilov Institute of Plant Industry or All - Russian Research Institute of Plant Industry ( in Russian : Всероссийский институт растениеводства им. Н. И. Вавилова ) , as it is officially called , is a research institute of plant genetics , located in Saint Petersburg , Russia .
Arlington Beach House was one of the first hotels built in Saskatchewan and was one of the first buildings constructed along Last Mountain Lake .
Glenfinnan ( Scottish Gaelic : Gleann Fhionghain ) is a village in Lochaber area of the Highlands of Scotland .
Eslamabad - e Jadid ( Persian : اسلام ابادجديد‎ , also Romanized as Eslāmābād - e Jadīd ) is a village in Qeshlaq - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Parsabad County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Arangi is a small village located in east Varanasi division , situated at the border of Uttar Pradesh .
Khasraj - e Khalaf ( Persian : خسرج خلف‎ ; also known as Khasraj ) is a village in Karkheh Rural District , Hamidiyeh District , Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Shire of Crows Nest was a local government area in the Darling Downs region of Queensland , Australia , immediately northeast of the regional city of Toowoomba .
Jim Kelly Field ( IATA : LXN , ICAO : KLXN , FAA LID : LXN ) is a public use airport two miles northwest of Lexington , in Dawson County , Nebraska .
The West Point Mint Facility was erected in 1937 near the U.S. Military Academy in West Point , New York , United States .
West Pennard is a village and civil parish east of Glastonbury in the Mendip district of Somerset , England .
Clinton Regional Airport ( IATA : CLK , ICAO : KCLK , FAA LID : CLK ) is a city - owned public - use airport located three miles northeast of the central business district of Clinton , a city in Custer County and Washita County , Oklahoma , United States .
The Midland Railway War Memorial was erected in Derby , England in 1921 to commemorate employees of the Midland Railway killed during The Great War .
Big Brum is the local name for the clock tower on the Council House , Birmingham , England .
Woodrow Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church at 1109 Woodrow Road in Woodrow , Staten Island , New York .
Knowsthorpe , Knostrop or Knostropp is an area of Leeds , West Yorkshire , England , on the River Aire .
The McMaster Museum of Art ( MMA ) is a non - profit public art gallery at McMaster University in Hamilton , Ontario .
Dourados is a Brazilian municipality , situated in the state of Mato Grosso do Sul , 225 km ( 140 mi ) Southwest of Campo Grande ( the state 's capital ) .
Padandestan ( Persian : پدندستان‎ , also Romanized as Padandestān , Padandastan , and Pedandestān ; also known as Bulandistān , Pandandestān , and Pandestān ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , in the Central District of Nain County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Nadekan - e Gurmi ( Persian : ندکان گورمي‎ , also Romanized as Nadekān - e Gūrmī ; also known as Nadeh Kān - e Gūrmī ) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Kodivayal(Tamil : கொடிவயல் ) is a village in the Aranthangirevenue block of Pudukkottai district , Tamil Nadu , India .
The Plymouth Antiquarian House ( also known as Hedge House or `` Hammatt House '' ) is an historic house museum at 126 Water Street in Plymouth , Massachusetts owned by the Plymouth Antiquarian Society .
Cathedral Preparatory School and Seminary is a private , Roman Catholic high school and seminary in Elmhurst , Queens , New York .
Nemat Sara ( Persian : نعمتسرا‎ , also Romanized as Ne``mat Sarā ) is a village in Bibalan Rural District , Kelachay District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 497 , in 132 families .
Abbeylara ( Irish : Mainistir Leathrátha , meaning `` Abbey of the half rath or little rath '' ) is a village in the easternmost portion of County Longford , Ireland , located about three kilometers east of Granard on the R396 regional road .
95.1 WAPE - FM ( `` The Big Ape '' ) is a Top 40/CHR radio station based in Jacksonville , Florida , USA .
ELIXIR is an inter - governmental organisation which builds on existing resources , with a central coordinating Hub based alongside the European Molecular Biology Laboratory 's European Bioinformatics Institute ( EMBL - EBI ) on the Wellcome Trust Genome Campus in Hinxton , Cambridge , and ELIXIR Nodes housed in leading bioscience facilities throughout Europe .
Store Bukkeholstinden is a mountain in Lom , Oppland , Norway .
Florence War Cemetery is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission burial ground for the dead of World War II located in Italy near Florence in the locality Girone - Compiobbi ( municipality of Fiesole ) , close to the Arno river .
La Puente High School is a public high school in La Puente , California , located in the San Gabriel Valley , serving grades 9 - 12 .
Mount Lebanon Shaker Society , also known as Old Lebanon Shaker Society , was a communal settlement of Shakers in New Lebanon , New York .
Château - Arnoux - Saint - Auban is a commune in the department of Alpes - de - Haute - Provence in the region of Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur in southeastern France .
LAPD Hooper Heliport ( FAA LID : 4CA0 ) is a city - owned private - use heliport located one nautical mile ( 2 km ) northeast of the central business district of Los Angeles , in Los Angeles County , California , United States .
Motyczyn ( mɔˈtɨt͡ʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prochowice , within Legnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Chanbalu Qeshlaq ( Persian : چنبلوقشلاق‎ , also Romanized as Chanbalū Qeshlāq ; also known as Chebenlū - ye Qeshlāq and Qeshlāq - e Razī ) is a village in Arshaq - e Markazi Rural District , Arshaq District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Barre Town Middle and Elementary School is a school located in Barre ( town ) , Vermont , USA and is more commonly known as BTMES or Barre Town School .
Saint - Esprit is a commune in the French overseas department of Martinique .
Fort William Augustus ( also known as Grassy Island Fort , Fort Phillips ) was a British fort built on Grassy Island off of Canso , Nova Scotia during the lead up to Father Rale 's War ( 1720 ) .
Camp Coniston of the YMCA is situated on Lake Coniston ( Long Pond ) , in Croydon , New Hampshire .
Nigigoonsiminikaaning First Nation , formerly known as the Nicickousemenecaning First Nation and as the Red Gut First Nation , is a Saulteaux First Nation band government who inhabit the banks of Rainy Lake of the Rainy River District in Northwestern Ontario , Canada .
Metro Harbour View ( Chinese : 港灣豪庭 ) is a private housing estate at the intersection of Tai Kok Tsui Road ( Chinese : 大角咀道 ) and Fuk Lee Street ( Chinese : 福利街 ) in Tai Kok Tsui , Kowloon , Hong Kong , within walking distance to the MTR Olympic Station .
Białowierśnie ( bjawɔˈvjɛrɕɲɛ ) , is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giby , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the borders with Belarus and Lithuania .
Hasanabad - e Tang Sorkh ( Persian : حسن ابادتنگ سرخ‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasanābād - e Tang Sorkh ; also known as Ḩasanābād ) is a village in Sarrud - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Land 's End Observatory is a ranger observatory on the rim of Grand Mesa in Colorado .
Enford is a village and civil parish in Wiltshire , England , 10 miles ( 16 km ) southeast of Devizes and 14 miles ( 23 km ) north of Salisbury .
Tulla ( Irish : An Tulach , meaning `` hill '' ) is a town in County Clare , Ireland .
Vaidyanathapura is a village situated 2 kilometres ( 1.2 mi ) from Maddur town in the Mandya district of the state of Karnataka , India .
Srgaši ( pronounced ( səɾˈɡaːʃi ) ; in older sources also Sergaši ; Italian : Sergassi ) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
The Amelia Barr House , also known as Cherry Croft , is located on Mountain Road in Cornwall on Hudson , a village in Orange County , New York , USA .
Masineh ( Persian : مسينه‎ , also Romanized as Masīneh and Mesīneh ; also known as Masin and Māsīnī ) is a village in Manzariyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Shahreza County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Goshen Intermediate School educates students in grades 3 - 5 in the Goshen Central School District , covering the eponymous village and town in Orange County , New York .
Tall Tak ( Persian : تلتاك‎ , also Romanized as Tall Tāk ; also known as Tall Tāg ) is a village in Miankuh Rural District , Miankuh District , Ardal County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
The Prairie du Chien City Hall is the city of Prairie du Chien , Wisconsin 's historic former city hall .
Kalateh - ye Kazemi ( Persian : كلاته كاظمي‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Kāẓemī ) is a village in Shusef Rural District , Shusef District , Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Kalateh - ye Dowlat ( Persian : كلاته دولت‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Dowlat ; also known as Dowlat ) is a village in Qasabeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Zarki ( Persian : زركي‎ , also Romanized as Zarkī ) is a village in Torud Rural District , in the Central District of Shahrud County , Semnan Province , Iran .
The Hommocks Middle School is a public middle school located in the Town of Mamaroneck , New York .
The Balm ruins ( German : Ruine Balm or Ruine Balmfluh ) are the remains of a fortified cave dwelling at the foot of Balmfluh ( alternative spelling : Balmflue ) in the Jura Mountains , in the municipality of Balm bei Günsberg in the Canton of Solothurn .
Endmoor is a small village within Cumbria , England , situated close to the A65 road .
Naybin ( Persian : ناي بين‎ , also Romanized as Nāybīn ) is a village in Torkaman Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Bagata Territory is an administrative region in the Kwilu District of Bandundu Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
The Ben Franklin House , formerly known as the Benjamin Franklin Hotel , is a historic hotel , now apartment building , located at 834 Chestnut Street in Center City , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Bartnica ( bartˈnit͡sa ) ( German : Beutengrund ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Ruda , within Kłodzko County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Gătaia is a town in Timiș County , Banat , western Romania .
Cheruvally is a Village in Kottayam district of Kerala .
Samborek ( samˈbɔrɛk ) ( German : Lauterwalde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubomino , within Lidzbark County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Bryncethin ( which means dark hill or dun hill ) is a small village in the County Borough of Bridgend , South Wales , located just north of Junction 36 of the M4 Motorway and approximately 3 miles north of the county town of Bridgend .
Retew was a village near St Austell in Cornwall , England , UK , that was demolished in the early 1960s when the nearby Wheal Remfrey china clay quarry and waste heaps were expanded .
Drzemlikowice ( dʐɛmlikɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oława , within Oława County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Oxford Railroad Depot and Junction House is a registered historic building in Oxford , Ohio , listed in the National Register on 1980 - 02 - 08 .
The Swisshelm Mountains are a small mountain range adjacent to the southwest corner of the Chiricahua Mountains of eastern Cochise County , Arizona .
Dasht - e Azadegan County ( Persian : شهرستان دشت آزادگان‎ ) is a county in Khuzestan Province in Iran .
The Sutliff Bridge is a bridge over the Cedar River at Sutliff , a Johnson County community near Lisbon , Iowa , United States .
KWVA ( 88.1 FM ) is a college radio station broadcasting from the EMU building on the University of Oregon campus in Eugene , Oregon , United States .
Hejdandasht Rural District ( Persian : دهستان هجداندشت‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Salehabad District , Mehran County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Kabernik ( Serbian : Каберник ) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Michaelmas Island is an island located in King George Sound near Albany , Western Australia .
John S. Williams House and Farm , also known as Old Chatham Sheepherding Farm and Inn , is a historic home and farm designated a national historic district and located at Chatham in Columbia County , New York .
Prześlice ( pʂɛˈɕlit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Torzym , within Sulęcin County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Somerville Public Library is a public library located at 35 West End Avenue in Somerville , New Jersey .
Nerinx Hall High School is a private Roman Catholic girls high school in Webster Groves , Missouri , and is part of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Saint Louis .
Natolewice ( natɔlɛˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Natelfitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoty , within Gryfice County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Ink Blot Natural Area Preserve is a Washington state Natural Area Preserve located in Mason County .
Maleh - ye Khorg ( Persian : مله خرگ‎ ) is a village in Cheghapur Rural District , Kaki District , Dashti County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Weiser State Forest is a Pennsylvania State Forest in Pennsylvania Bureau of Forestry District # 18 .
The Bog Garden is a nature preserve , botanical garden , and city park located at 1101 Hobbs Road , Greensboro , North Carolina .
Highland Regional High School is a four - year comprehensive public high school located in Blackwood , serving students in ninth through twelfth grades from Gloucester Township in Camden County , New Jersey , United States .
Namsos Airport , Høknesøra ( IATA : OSY , ICAO : ENNM ; Norwegian : Namsos lufthavn , Høknesøra ) is a regional airport located along the Namsen river , just outside the town of Namsos in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Caderzone Terme ( German : St. Johann or Bad Kaderzaun ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) west of Trento .
Stępowo ( stɛmˈpɔvɔ ) ( German : Stempau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin , within Rypin County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Baba Mobaraki ( Persian : بابامباركي‎ , also Romanized as Bābā Mobārakī and Baba Mobarakī ; also known as Bābā Mobārak , Bābā Mobārak Hongdān , and Bīrāheh ) is a village in Jam Rural District , in the Central District of Jam County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
The Stadio Friuli , commercially known as the Dacia Arena , is a multi - purpose stadium in Udine , Friuli , Italy .
Llangristiolus is a village in the middle of Anglesey , Wales , southwest of Llangefni , and is named after Saint Cristiolus .
Alcantarilha ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( aɫˈkɐ̃tɐˈɾiʎɐ ) ) is a former civil parish in the municipality of Silves , Portugal .
Maréna Diombougou , often simply Maréna , is a village and commune in the Cercle of Kayes in the Kayes Region of south - western Mali .
Pordenowo ( pɔrdɛˈnɔvɔ ) ( German : Pordenau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lichnowy , within Malbork County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Rhine roughly forms the German - Swiss border from Lake Constance with the exceptions of the canton of Schaffhausen and parts of the cantons of Zürich and Basel - Stadt , until it turns north at the so - called Rhine knee at Basel , leaving Switzerland .
Tug Valley High School is a consolidated school serving rural northern Mingo County , West Virginia .
The Shire of Gayndah was a local government area located in the northern catchment of the Burnett River , Queensland , Australia .
Inchkeith ( from the Scottish Gaelic : Innis Cheith ) is an island in the Firth of Forth , Scotland , administratively part of the Kinghorn parish of the county of Fife .
Uchhaith is a village in Madhubani District , Bihar , India .
The Edmonds Unitarian Universalist Church ( EUUC ) in Edmonds , Washington is a Unitarian Universalist church .
Sellasia ( Greek : Σελλασία , before 1929 : Βρουλιά - Vroulia ) is a village in Laconia , Greece .
The Dry Creek Valley AVA is an American Viticultural Area in Sonoma County , California , located northwest of the town of Healdsburg .
Columbus Marsh is a playa in Nevada , USA .
Pir Meqdar ( Persian : پيرمقدار‎ , also Romanized as Pīr Meqdār ; also known as Pīr Meqdād ) is a village in Sursur Rural District , Muchesh District , Kamyaran County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Lerab Ling is a Tibetan Buddhist centre founded in 1992 by Sogyal Rinpoche in Roqueredonde , near Lodève in Languedoc - Roussillon , France .
Niemysłowice ( ɲɛmɨswɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prudnik , within Prudnik County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the Czech border .
The American Decency Association ( ADA ) is a non - profit organization associated with the Christian right based in Fremont , Michigan .
Luis T. Diaz Coliseum ( Spanish : Coliseo Luis T. Diaz ) is the main arena in Aguadilla , Puerto Rico .
Fort Mountain State Park is a 3,712 acre ( 15.02 km² ) Georgia state park located between Chatsworth and Ellijay on Fort Mountain .
KFZX ( 102.1 FM ) is a radio station located in the Midland / Odessa , Texas market which plays a classic rock music format .
The Glamorgan Building is an Edwardian former county hall located in Cardiff , Wales .
Bungudu ( or Bungundu ) is a Local Government Area in Zamfara State , Nigeria .
Mazraeh - ye Kalantar ( Persian : مزرعه كلانتر‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Kalāntar ) is a village in Shohada Rural District , in the Central District of Meybod County , Yazd Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 91 , in 40 families .
Bald Mountain Recreation Area is a 4,637-acre ( 1,877 ha ) state park located near Lake Orion , Michigan off M-24 .
Bansaid - e Olya ( Persian : بان سعيدعليا‎ , also Romanized as Bānsa``īd - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Sursur Rural District , Muchesh District , Kamyaran County , Kurdistan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 181 , in 45 families .
The Nambung River is a river in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia , 170 kilometres ( 106 mi ) north of Perth .
Podkrasne ( pɔtˈkrasnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Zamość , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Wicimice ( vit͡ɕiˈmit͡sɛ ) ( German : Witzmitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoty , within Gryfice County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
McDonald Peak ( 9,820 feet ( 2,993 m ) ) is located in the U.S. state of Montana and is the highest peak in the Mission Mountains .
The Frankford Avenue Bridge , also known as the Pennypack Creek Bridge , the Pennypack Bridge , the Holmesburg Bridge , and the King 's Highway Bridge , erected in 1697 in the Holmesburg section of Northeast Philadelphia , in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania , is the oldest surviving roadway bridge in the United States .
Farm to Market Road 344 ( FM 344 ) is a 18.126-mile ( 29.171 km ) farm to market road located in Smith County , Texas .
Rehambal is a census town in Udhampur district in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir .
Wonorze ( vɔˈnɔʐɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Biskupia , within Inowrocław County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Derwent Park Road is a major link road that connects the Brooker Highway to the Main Road , in the northern suburbs of Hobart , Tasmania .
Manor Street Elementary School , also known as Manor Street School , is a historic elementary school building located at Columbia in Lancaster County , Pennsylvania .
Barnhartvale , originally Barnhart Vale , is located at the southeast end of Kamloops , south of Dallas in British Columbia , Canada .
Sturgis Motorcycle Museum & Hall of Fame is a non - profit organization dedicated to preserving the history of motorcycling while honoring the heritage of the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally in Sturgis , South Dakota .
Dareveyan ( Persian : درويان‎ , also Romanized as Dareveyān ; also known as Dalvīān , Darreh Vīān , and Darreh - ye Īvān ) is a village in Saral Rural District , Saral District , Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Radwinter is a village and a civil parish on the B1053 road , in the Uttlesford district of the county of Essex , England .
Trier lies in a valley between low vine - covered hills of red sandstone in the west of the state of Rhineland - Palatinate , near the border with Luxembourg and within the important Moselle wine region .
Qeyah Baghi ( Persian : قيه باغي‎ , also Romanized as Qeyah Bāghī ) is a village in Mofatteh Rural District , in the Central District of Famenin County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Warmbüchenviertel is a quarter in the ward of Mitte in Hanover .
Seward , North Carolina is a small unincorporated community in western Forsyth County , North Carolina ( Powell 1968 , p. 446 ) .
Zizers ( Romansh : Zir or Zezras ) is a municipality in the district of Landquart in the Swiss canton of Graubünden .
Vail Ski Resort is located in Eagle County , Colorado , next to the town of Vail .
Woodlake Airport ( FAA LID : O42 ) is a public airport located two miles ( 3.2 km ) south of Woodlake , serving Tulare County , California , USA .
Ten Museum Park is a residential skyscraper in the City of Miami , Florida , United States .
Pardaram ( Persian : پردارم‎ , also Romanized as Pardāram ) is a village in Baladeh Rural District , Khorramabad District , Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Iradier Arena , also known as Plaza de Toros de Vitoria - Gasteiz , is an arena and bullring in Vitoria - Gasteiz , Spain .
Balveh ( Persian : بلوه‎‎ ) is a village in Shuy Rural District , in the Central District of Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The former Rowena Memorial School is located on NY 23A , at the junction with NY 32A , in Palenville , New York , United States .
The Jardin botanique littoral Paul Jovet ( 2.5 hectares ) is a nonprofit botanical garden located at 31 , avenue Bernoville Gaëtan , Saint - Jean - de - Luz , Pyrénées - Atlantiques , Aquitaine , France .
Wrociszów Dolny ( vrɔˈt͡ɕiʂuf ˈdɔlnɨ ) ( German : Nieder Rudelsdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulików , within Zgorzelec County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the Czech border .
The Lucius Gleason House , also known as Liverpool Village Hall and as the Gleason Mansion , is a historic home located at Liverpool , Onondaga County , New York .
Anar - e Shirin - e Seh ( Persian : انارشيرين3‎ , also Romanized as Anār - e Shīrīn - e Seh ; also known as Anār - e Shīrīn ) is a village in Maskun Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Morelos Cañada is the municipal seat of Cañada Morelos Municipality in the eastern central region of the Mexican state of Puebla .
The Waterbury Municipal Center Complex , also known as the Cass Gilbert National Register District , is a group of five buildings , including City Hall , on Field and Grand streets in Waterbury , Connecticut , United States .
Masekwaspoort Pass is in the Limpopo Province , on the N1 , on the road between Makhado and Musina ( South Africa ) .
The Bay of Fundy ( French : Baie de Fundy ) is a bay on the Atlantic coast of North America , on the northeast end of the Gulf of Maine between the Canadian provinces of New Brunswick and Nova Scotia , with a small portion touching the U.S. state of Maine .
The Superior Propane Centre , is a multi - purpose arena in Moncton , New Brunswick with four NHL sized ice surfaces , one of which ( the Champions Arena ) has seating for 1,500 spectators .
Szówsko ( ˈʂufskɔ ) ( Ukrainian : Шівсько , Shivs’ko ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązownica , within Jarosław County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Croscombe is a village and civil parish 2 miles ( 3 km ) west of Shepton Mallet and 4 miles ( 6 km ) from Wells , in the Mendip district of Somerset , England .
Teynampet ( Tamil : தேனாம்பேட்டை ) is one of the busiest commercial localities in the city of Chennai , India .
The King County Courthouse is the administrative building housing the judicial branch of King County , Washington government .
Assawompset Pond is a reservoir / pond within the towns of Lakeville and Middleboro , in southeastern Massachusetts .
Cooper Mountain Nature Park is a 231 acres ( 93 ha ) nature park in the Portland metropolitan area in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Zardeh - ye Pain ( Persian : زرده پايين‎‎ , also Romanized as Zardeh - ye Pā’īn ; also known as Zar Deh - e Soflá ) is a village in Keshvar Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Ravenswoud ( West Frisian : Ravenswâld ) is a village consisting of about 420 inhabitants in the municipality of Ooststellingwerf in the east of Friesland , the Netherlands .
Jaświłki ( jaɕˈfiu̯ki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jaświły , within Mońki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Scott 's Bottom Nature Area or simply Scott 's Bottom is a park located along the Green River in southwestern Wyoming and is maintained by the city of Green River , Wyoming .
Hasham - e Champeh ( Persian : حشم چمپه‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasham - e Champeh ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Allahabad - e Chah Rigan ( Persian : اله ابادچاه ريگان‎ , also Romanized as Allahābād - e Chāh Rīgān ) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District , Negin Kavir District , Fahraj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Park Güell ( Catalan : Parc Güell ( ˈparɡ ˈɡweʎ ) ) is a public park system composed of gardens and architectonic elements located on Carmel Hill , in Barcelona , Catalonia ( Spain ) .
Greensboro Municipal Airport ( FAA LID : 7A0 ) is a city - owned public - use airport located three nautical miles ( 4 mi , 6 km ) southwest of the central business district of Greensboro , a city in Hale County , Alabama , United States .
Sulęcinek ( sulɛnˈt͡ɕinɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzykosy , within Środa Wielkopolska County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Cawston Ostrich Farm , located in South Pasadena , California , United States , was opened in 1886 by Edwin Cawston .
Goodnestone Park is a stately home and gardens in the southern part of the village of Goodnestone , Dover , Kent .
KHBM - FM ( 93.7 FM ) is a classic rock formatted radio station licensed to Monticello , Arkansas , USA .
Vingrom is a village in the municipality of Lillehammer , Norway , located just north of the Gjøvik border by the lake Mjøsa .
First Avenue School is a historic school building at Glen Burnie , Anne Arundel County , Maryland .
Hampton , Missouri was a small hamlet in rural Platte County , Missouri .
Haus Lange and Haus Esters are residential houses designed by Ludwig Mies van der Rohe in Krefeld , Germany .
The Heuchelberg is a hill ridge , about 15 kilometres long and up to 353 m above sea level ( NN ) , a few kilometres southwest of the city of Heilbronn in the eponymous county in the German state of Baden - Württemberg .
321 North Clark at Riverfront Plaza is a 35-story , 155.45 m ( 510.0 ft ) skyscraper constructed from 1983 to 1987 in Chicago , Illinois .
Skelwith Bridge is a small village in the southern area of the Lake District in Cumbria .
The Mittaggüpfi ( also known as Gnepfstein ) is a mountain of the Emmental Alps , located west of Mount Pilatus on the border between the Swiss cantons of Lucerne and Obwalden .
Zdzisław Krzyszkowiak Stadium ( Polish : Kompleks Sportowy `` Zawisza '' i m . Zdzisława Krzyszkowiaka w Bydgoszczy ) is a multi - use stadium in Bydgoszcz , Poland .
The Chambers Institution is home to the Tweeddale Museum and Gallery , a museum , library and art gallery at Peebles in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland .
The James Watson House , at 7 State Street between Pearl and Water Streets in the Financial District of Manhattan , New York City , was built in 1793 and extended in 1806 , and is now the rectory of the Shrine of St. Elizabeth Ann Bayley Seton .
Molla Deh ( Persian : ملاده‎ , also Romanized as Mollā Deh ) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District , Shahmirzad District , Mehdishahr County , Semnan Province , Iran .
William Brown Street in Liverpool , England , is a road that is remarkable for its concentration of public buildings .
Mansfield City School District is a public school district serving students in the city of Mansfield , and northwestern parts of Madison Township in Richland County , Ohio , United States .
KROM is a Regional Mexican radio station in San Antonio , Texas , broadcasting at 92.9 FM .
Koleh Savari ( Persian : كله سواري‎ , also Romanized as Koleh Savārī ) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District , Mahidasht District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Afro - American Sons and Daughters Hospital , in Yazoo City , Mississippi , also known as the Afro - American Hospital was built in 1928 .
Motla Kuh ( Persian : مطلاكوه‎ , also Romanized as Moţlā Kūh ) is a village in Kojid Rural District , Rankuh District , Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Frost Building is a curved 7 and 6 storey office building complex on the south east side of Queen 's Park Crescent in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Soghad ( Persian : صغاد‎ , also Romanized as Şoghād ; also known as Soqād and Sughāt ) is a city in the Central District of Abadeh County , Fars Province , Iran .
Inkwenkwezi Private Game Reserve , is located approximately 30 km north - east of East London , and is situated within an area of 100 km² encompassing five different biomes in the wild coast region of South Africa 's Eastern Cape province .
Yujing District ( Chinese : 玉井區 ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Gio̍k - chéⁿ ) is a rural district in eastern Tainan , Taiwan .
KZOO ( 1210 AM ) is a radio station catering to the Japanese community of Honolulu , Hawaii .
Khatlon Region ( Tajik : Хатлон/Persian : ختلان‎ ) , sometimes misspelt Khatlan , one of the three provinces of Tajikistan ( Tajik : вилоят , viloyat ) and is the most populous of the four first level administrative regions .
Haddam - e Do ( Persian : هدام دو‎ , also Romanized as Ḩaddām - e Do ) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District , in the Central District of Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Virgil C. Summer Nuclear Generating Station occupies a site near Jenkinsville , South Carolina , in Fairfield County , South Carolina , approximately 20 miles ( 32 km ) northwest of Columbia .
Lomba da Maia is a civil parish in the municipality of Ribeira Grande in the Portuguese Azores .
Rosławice ( rɔswaˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ośno Lubuskie , within Słubice County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Presentation College , Windsor is a private independent Irish Catholic , secondary , day school for girls , located in Windsor , an inner suburb of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
German Village is a historic neighborhood in Columbus , Ohio , just south of downtown .
The Viper Room is a nightclub located on the Sunset Strip in West Hollywood , California .
The Hay Lake School is a historic schoolhouse in Scandia , Minnesota , United States , in use from 1896 to 1963 .
Straža pri Moravčah ( pronounced ( ˈstɾaːʒa pɾi mɔˈɾaːu̯tʃax ) ) is a small settlement east of Moravče in central Slovenia .
The Hall of State ( originally the State of Texas Building ) is a building in Dallas 's Fair Park that commemorates the history of the U.S. state of Texas and is considered one of the best examples of Art Deco architecture in the state .
Ostrów Mazowiecka County ( Polish : powiat ostrowski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Masovian Voivodeship , east - central Poland .
Ljuša ( Serbian : Љуша ) is a village in the municipality of Kuršumlija , Serbia .
Aren - e Sofla ( Persian : ارن سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Āren - e Soflá ; also known as Āren - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Station Trail is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians , which follows the Pakenham / Cranbourne railway lines from Hughesdale railway station to Centre Road , Clayton in the inner southern suburbs of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Charbice Górne ( xarˈbit͡sɛ ˈɡurnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutomiersk , within Pabianice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Helmcken House is a museum in Victoria , British Columbia , located in Thunderbird Park .
The Holly Street Livery Stable is a historic livery stable located at 110 E. Holly St. in Pasadena , California .
The Misericordia Community Hospital is an acute care hospital located in west Edmonton , Alberta , Canada .
Minto Al Wright Airport ( IATA : MNT , FAA LID : 51Z ) is a state owned , public use airport located one nautical mile ( 2 km ) east of the central business district of Minto , in the Yukon - Koyukuk Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska .
Qarah Aghaj Poshteh ( Persian : قره اغاج پشته‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Āghāj Poshteh ; also known as Poshteh - ye Qareh Āghāj ) is a village in Yaft Rural District , Moradlu District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Viejas Casino and Resort is a hotel casino and outlet center owned by the Viejas Band of Kumeyaay Indians , located in Alpine , California .
Stare Rybie ( ˈstarɛ ˈrɨbjɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Limanowa , within Limanowa County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Jowberiz ( Persian : جوبريز‎ , also Romanized as Jowberīz ) is a village in Margown Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Dimeh - ye Shakraleh ( Persian : ديمه شكراله‎ , also Romanized as Dīmeh - ye Shaḵrāleh ; also known as Dīmeh - ye Shargelar ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Ramhormoz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Great Chishill is a village forming part of the civil parish of Great and Little Chishill in the south of the county of Cambridgeshire .
Construction of the Russell Theatre was announced by Maysville , Kentucky businessman Col . J. Russell Barbour in 1928 .
Puzgah ( Persian : پوزگاه‎ , also Romanized as Pūzgāh and Poozgah ; also known as Pūrgan and Pūzeh Gāh ) is a village in Rudhaleh Rural District , Rig District , Ganaveh County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Harper - Chesser House is a historic house listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Georgetown , Texas .
The Otter Creek Archaeological Site is a prehistoric Native American site in rural Franklin County , Virginia .
Bishop Miege High School is a fully accredited private Catholic high school , located in Roeland Park , Kansas , USA .
Milltown of Rothiemay ( Scottish Gaelic : Ràth a ' Mhuigh ) is a small inland village , built mostly of granite , in the north - east of Scotland and is within the Moray council area bordering neighbouring Aberdeenshire across the river to the south - east .
The United Presbyterian Church of Shedd ( also known as Valley Rose Chapel ) is a historic Presbyterian church at 30045 OR 99 East in Shedd , Oregon .
Salmon Ruins is an ancient Chacoan and Pueblo site located in the northwest corner of New Mexico , USA .
Durangaldea ( Spanish : Duranguesado ) is a comarca of Biscay located in the Basque Country , Spain .
Mount Bryce is a mountain at the southwestern corner of the Columbia Icefield , in British Columbia near the border with Alberta .
Nangiarkulangara is a relatively small town situated near Haripad , Alappuzha district in the state of Kerala , India .
Łucka ( ˈwut͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubartów , within Lubartów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
SciWorks , the Science Center and Environmental Park of Forsyth County is a science museum in Winston - Salem , North Carolina .
Gom Eshaq ( Persian : گم اسحاق‎ , also Romanized as Gom Esḩāq ; also known as Gomeh Esḩāq ) is a village in Azari Rural District , in the Central District of Esfarayen County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Kuhigan - e Bala ( Persian : كوهيگان بالا‎ , also Romanized as Kūhīgān - e Bālā ; also known as Kūhegān , Kūhegān - e Bālā , and Kūhīkān ) is a village in Damen Rural District , in the Central District of Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Newsome Sinks Karst Area is a privately owned karst formation in Morgan County , Alabama .
First Methodist Church , Gatlinburg in Gatlinburg , Tennessee was designed by Charles I. Barber in Late Gothic Revival style .
Farahan Kabar ( Persian : فرحان كبر‎ , also Romanized as Faraḩān Kabar ) is a village in Chenaneh Rural District , Fath Olmobin District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Windsor Arena ( nicknamed The Barn , because of its age , wooden construction , and its appearance of a giant barn ) is an indoor arena located in Windsor , Ontario .
Saw Township ( Burmese : ဆောမြို့နယ် , Burmese pronunciation : ( sʰɔ́ mjo̰nɛ̀ ) ) is a township of Gangaw District in the Magway Region of Burma ( Myanmar ) .
Puzeh Do Demeh ( Persian : پوزه دودمه‎ , also Romanized as Pūzeh Do Demeh ; also known as Pūzehdeymeh ) is a village in Charam Rural District , in the Central District of Charam County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Solniki Małe ( sɔlˈniki ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierutów , within Oleśnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Białogórne ( bʲawɔˈɡurnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska , within Rawa County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Agami ( Egyptian Arabic : العجمى el-ʿAgami , mostly shortened to عجمى , IPA : ( ˈʕæɡæmi ) ; , ( elˈʕæɡæmi l.biˈtˤɑːʃ ) ) is a city in the Alexandria Governorate of Egypt .
The Oasis Leisure Centre ( commonly Swindon Oasis ) is an entertainment and sports complex , situated outside Swindon town centre .
Glen Eyrie is an English Tudor - style castle built by General William Jackson Palmer , the founder of Colorado Springs .
Dickson Field ( FAA LID : 75WT ) is a private airport located 7 miles ( 11 km ) east of Oroville , Washington , which is a city in the Okanogan region of United States .
South Fork Little Snake River is an 18.2-mile - long ( 29.3 km ) tributary of the Little Snake River in Routt County , Colorado .
Hartford Castle is the ruins of a 19th - century residence located near Hartford , Illinois .
Chakloo ( in revenue record Chakla ) is a village on the bank of the Jhelum River in Jammu and Kashmir state , India .
Kirkbuddo is a village in the county of Angus , Scotland , between the towns of Forfar and Carnoustie .
Santa Ynez Airport ( IATA : SQA , ICAO : KIZA , FAA LID : IZA ) is a public airport located one mile ( 2 km ) southeast of the central business district of Santa Ynez , in the Santa Ynez Valley of Santa Barbara County , California .
Durbanville is a town in the Western Cape province of South Africa , part of the greater City of Cape Town metropolitan area .
Sedini ( Sassarese : Séddini ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Sassari in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 180 kilometres ( 110 mi ) north of Cagliari and about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) northeast of Sassari .
North Attleborough High School is a public high school in North Attleborough , Massachusetts , educating grades 9 through 12 with over one thousand students enrolled .
The Darby River , a perennial river of the West Gippsland catchment , is located in the South Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria .
Shady Side Academy is an independent preparatory school located in the Borough of Fox Chapel ( suburban Pittsburgh ) , and in the Point Breeze neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Virivilai is a very small village situated in Kanyakumari District of Tamil Nadu , India .
WVNI ( 95.1 FM ) is a radio station licensed to Nashville , Indiana and serving the Bloomington , Indiana area .
On 3 April 2007 the Premier of New South Wales Morris Iemma appointed Bret Walker , a Senior Counsel , to undertake a commission of inquiry into Sydney Ferries ' operations .
Heartland Park Topeka is a multi - purpose motorsports facility located 5 miles ( 8 km ) south of Topeka , Kansas .
Luskintyre Airfield is a private aerodrome in the Hunter Region of New South Wales , Australia .
Gorbacze ( ɡɔrˈbat͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Rudzir ( Persian : رودزير‎ , also Romanized as Rūdzīr ) is a village in Seydun - e Jonubi Rural District , Seydun District , Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Golhar ( Persian : گلهر‎ ) is a village in Rowzeh Chay Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Jedburgh Abbey , a ruined Augustinian abbey which was founded in the 12th century , is situated in the town of Jedburgh , in the Scottish Borders 10 miles ( 16 km ) north of the border with England at Carter Bar .
Mount Greylock State Reservation is a Massachusetts state park that was created in 1898 as Massachusetts ' first public land for the purpose of forest preservation .
Kolijan Rostaq District ( Persian : بخش کلیجان‌رستاق‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Zawyet el - Maiyitin or Zawyet Sultan or Zawyet el - Amwat is a small village in Egypt , located in the Minya Governorate .
Minffordd ( roadside in Welsh ) is a village within the Welsh county of Gwynedd .
Jelugireh - ye Sofla ( Persian : جلوگيره سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Jelūgīreh - ye Soflá ; also known as Jelogīreh - ye Soflá ) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Bishalgarh ( Bengali : বিশালগড় ) is a major town located in the Sepahijala district , Tripura , India .
Headquartered at the National Weather Center in Norman , Oklahoma , the Storm Prediction Center is tasked with forecasting the risk of severe thunderstorms and tornadoes in the contiguous United States .
Vilanova de Sau is a town in the comarca of the Osona in Catalonia , eastern Spain .
National Taiwan University Sports Center ( traditional Chinese : 台大綜合體育館 ) is a major multi - purpose indoor arena in National Taiwan University , Taipei City , Taiwan .
Nandavaram is a village in the Banaganapalle mandal of the Kurnool district of Andhra Pradesh , India .
Pioneer State High School is located in Andergrove , Mackay , Queensland and was established on 28 January 1986 .
Heidelberg - Südstadt ( `` South Town '' ) is a district of the city of Heidelberg in Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Pyla ( Greek : Πύλα ; Turkish : Pile ) is a village in Larnaca District , Cyprus .
Skierbieszów - Kolonia ( skʲɛrˈbjɛʂuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skierbieszów , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Do Deh ( Persian : دوده‎ , also Romanized as Dodeh ) is a village in Aliabad Rural District , in the Central District of Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Türkeş ( also , Tirkeş , Tirkesh , and Tyurkesh ) is a village and municipality in the Shahbuz District of Nakhchivan , Azerbaijan .
Sade Budy ( ˈsadɛ ˈbudɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jaktorów , within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Trocaire College is a private Roman Catholic college in Buffalo , New York located within the Diocese of Buffalo .
The Cold Spring and Inscription Rock Historic District is a 2-acre ( 0.81 ha ) historic district in Cimarron County , Oklahoma , near Boise City , Oklahoma that was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1994 .
Halsall is a village and civil parish in West Lancashire , England , located close to Ormskirk on the A5147 and Leeds and Liverpool Canal .
Wattle Point Wind Farm is a wind farm near Edithburgh on the Yorke Peninsula in South Australia , which has been operating since April 2005 .
Shurani ( Persian : شوراني‎ , also Romanized as Shūrānī ; also known as Shūrūni ) is a village in Golashkerd Rural District , in the Central District of Faryab County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Glinsko ( pronounced ( ˈɡliːnskɔ ) ) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Celje in eastern Slovenia .
The Ukrainian Cultural and Educational Centre , ( also known as Oseredok which is `` centre '' in Ukrainian ) is a museum , gallery , and library in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada .
Carcross , originally known as Caribou Crossing , is an unincorporated community in Yukon , Canada , on Bennett Lake and Nares Lake .
Steeple Langford is a village and civil parish on the River Wylye in the English county of Wiltshire , 6 miles ( 10 km ) northwest of Wilton .
Pir Salman ( Persian : پيرسلمان‎ , also Romanized as Pīr Salmān ; also known as Soleymānīyeh ) is a village in Sarab Rural District , in the Central District of Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Lavaveix - les - Mines ( La Vavetz in occitan ) is a commune in the Creuse department in the Limousin region in central France .
The Gaelic Grounds or Páirc na nGael is the principal GAA stadium in the Irish city of Limerick , home to the Limerick hurling and football teams .
Perumalapalli is a small village of Nandimangalam Panchayat in Hosur taluk and municipality in Krishnagiri district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Ali Asghar Kutki ( Persian : علي اصغركوتكي‎ , also Romanized as ʿAlī Āṣghar Kūtḵī ) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District , Abezhdan District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Santa Rita de Cássia ( once called Rio Preto and Ibipetuba ) is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Bahia .
Snorum is a village , nowadays more like a farm , in Jörns socken , Skellefteå Municipality , Västerbotten County , Sweden .
Llandysilio is a village and community in Powys , Wales .
Balqoli - ye Kohneh ( Persian : بلقلي كهنه‎ , also Romanized as Balqolī - ye Kohneh ; also known as Bolāgholī - ye Kohneh and Bolāghlī Kohneh ) is a village in Golestan Rural District , in the Central District of Jajrom County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Blackburn with Darwen is a unitary authority area in Lancashire , North West England .
Thomas Carr College is an Australian independent co - educational Roman Catholic day school in Tarneit in the western suburbs of Melbourne , Victoria .
Kazem Kola ( Persian : كاظم كلا‎ , also Romanized as Kāz̧em Kolā ) is a village in Langarud Rural District , Salman Shahr District , Abbasabad County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Wharton Field House and Browning Field were the subject of a 2013 book `` A Century of Players , Performers , and Pageants : Wharton Field House and Browning Field , Moline , Illinois , '' by Curtis C. Roseman and Diann Moore .
Pomona Catholic High School is a private , Roman Catholic , all - girls high school in Pomona , California built in 1949 .
Pollagh also spelled Pullough ( Irish : Pollach ) is a village in County Offaly , Ireland , located in the midlands of Ireland .
Les Cheneaux Islands ( French : `` The Channels '' ) are a group of 36 small islands , some inhabited , along 12 miles of Lake Huron shoreline on the southeastern tip of the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States .
Wildwood Centre is a lifestyle center and commercial office park in Birmingham , Alabama , USA .
The Carleton Farms Landfill is located in Sumpter Township of Wayne County in the U.S. state of Michigan .
Stawowice - Kolonia ( stavɔˈvit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż , within Opoczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Old Stone Congregational Church , also known as the First Congregational Church of Lyons , is a historic church in Lyons , Colorado , built in 1894 - 5 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976 .
Vangathangudi aka Vengathangudi is a typical village which is close to Mannargudi , in Thiruvarur District , Tamil Nadu , India .
Dagnall is a village in the parish of Edlesborough Northall and Dagnall , in Buckinghamshire , England .
Radmirje ( pronounced ( ɾadˈmiːɾjɛ ) ) is a village south of Ljubno ob Savinji in Slovenia .
Marina di Marittima is a seaside resort on the Adriatic coast of Salento in the comune of Diso in the province of Lecce in the Apulia region of southeast Italy .
The John Cady House , also known historically as the Babcock Tavern , is a historic house at 484 Mile Hill Road in Tolland , Connecticut .
Vani Sar ( Persian : واني سر‎ , also Romanized as Vānī Sar ; also known as Dārlī Sar ) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District , in the Central District of Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Armona Union Academy ( AUA ) is a K-12 school in Armona , California .
Stanford Airport ( FAA LID : S64 ) is a county owned , public use airport located one nautical mile ( 2 km ) south of the central business district of Stanford , a city in Judith Basin County , Montana , United States .
Garret Mountain Reservation is 568 acre ( 2.3 km2 ) park located primarily in Woodland Park in southern Passaic County , New Jersey , United States and one of several National Natural Landmarks in New Jersey .
Marylebone Road ( i/ˈmɑːrlᵻbən/ MAR - li - bən ) is an important thoroughfare in central London , within the City of Westminster .
Valusek ( Persian : ولوسك‎ , also Romanized as Valūsek ) is a village in Aqda Rural District , Aqda District , Ardakan County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Chenar Shahijan District ( Persian : بخش چنار شاهیجان‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
WENC ( 1220 AM ) is a radio station licensed to Whiteville , North Carolina , USA .
Darreh Tey Tahlivan ( Persian : دره تي تهليون‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Tey Tahlīvan ) is a village in Chin Rural District , Ludab District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Anna Ranch Heritage Center is a former cattle ranch in Waimea , Hawaii County , Hawaii named for Anna Leialoha Lindsey Perry - Fiske ( 1900 - -1995 ) .
L. M. Clayton Airport ( IATA : OLF , ICAO : KOLF , FAA LID : OLF ) is a public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) northeast of the central business district of Wolf Point , a city in Roosevelt County , Montana , United States .
Wikcinek ( vikˈt͡ɕinɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sucha , within Sochaczew County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Mount Cain Alpine Park is home to the Mount Cain Ski Area in northern Vancouver Island just southeast of Woss , British Columbia , Canada .
The Alan B. Miller Hall is the new home of the Mason School of Business at the College of William & Mary in Williamsburg , Virginia , United States .
Kareh Tutubardi ( Persian : كره توتوبردي‎ , also Romanized as Kareh Tūtūbardī ) is a village in Bahmai - ye Garmsiri - ye Shomali Rural District , Bahmai - ye Garmsiri District , Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
T.H. Stone Memorial St. Joseph Peninsula State Park is a Florida State Park on the St. Joseph Peninsula near Port St. Joe .
Eagmaryp ( Dutch : Akmarijp ) is a village in the Dutch province of Friesland .
The Arrowsmith School is a private school in Toronto , Ontario , for children in Grades 1 to 12 with learning disabilities ( also referred to as `` specific learning difficulties '' ) .
Hyland River Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located near the boundary with Yukon along the Alaska Highway just east of the community of Lower Post and north of the Liard River .
Danebod ( pronounced `` DAHN - a - bo '' , or `` DAN - a - bo '' ) is a historic district at the south edge of the railway town of Tyler in southwestern Minnesota .
Liśnik Duży - Kolonia ( ˈliɕnik ˈduʐɨ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gościeradów , within Kraśnik County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Dębowica ( dɛmbɔˈvit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebieszów , within Łuków County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Pilipki ( piˈlipki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Kaukura or Kaheko is an atoll in the Tuamotu group in French Polynesia , 48 km long and 15 km wide .
De Fryske Marren is a municipality of Friesland in the northern Netherlands .
Sar Tavus ( Persian : سرطاووس‎ , also Romanized as Sar Ţāvūs ) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Wallington County Grammar School ( WCGS ) is a state - funded boys ' grammar school located in the London Borough of Sutton .
Washougal High School is a public school in the Washougal School District founded in the early 1900s in Clark County , Washington .
Shaligham ( Persian : شليغم‎ , also Romanized as Shalīgham ) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District , Shavur District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Shesh Yekan ( Persian : شش يكان‎ , also Romanized as Shesh Yekān ; also known as Shashīgān ) is a village in Fash Rural District , in the Central District of Kangavar County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Oneonta Theatre is a historic theatre building located at Oneonta in Otsego County , New York .
Pyle ( Welsh : Y Pîl ) is a village and community in Bridgend county borough , Wales .
Pforta , or Schulpforta , is a former Cistercian monastery , Pforta Abbey ( 1137 - 1540 ) , near Naumburg on the Saale River in the German state of Saxony - Anhalt .
The Stanford Theatre is a classical independent movie theater in Palo Alto , California .
Goblins Gate , or Goblin Gates , is a narrow gorge , about 20 feet ( 6.1 m ) across , on the Elwha River in the U.S. state of Washington .
The Hudson - Evans House is a private , single - family home located at 79 Alfred Street in Midtown Detroit , Michigan , within the Brush Park district .
Beenham is a village and civil parish centred 6 miles ( 9.7 km ) east of Newbury in West Berkshire .
The Tuya Range is a range of tuyas , located in the Stikine Ranges of the Cassiar Mountains in the far northr of the Canadian province of British Columbia , near its border with the Yukon Territory and to the southwest of Watson Lake , Yukon , which is the nearest major settlement .
Metro Garibaldi , also known as Garibaldi / Lagunilla , is a station on the Mexico City Metro .
Palau Sant Jordi ( Catalan pronunciation : ( pəˈɫaw ˈsaɲ ˈʒɔrði ) , English : St. George 's Palace ) is an indoor sporting arena and multi - purpose installation that is part of the Olympic Ring complex located in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
The Craigie Flour Mill Historical Marker is a wayside rest on Minnesota State Highway 78 in Otter Tail County , Minnesota .
Zaropie ( zaˈrɔpjɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biecz , within Gorlice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Junkerdal National Park ( Norwegian : Junkerdal nasjonalpark ) is a national park that lies in the municipalities of Saltdal and Fauske in Nordland county , Norway , along the border with Sweden .
Method Road Soccer Stadium ( usually called Method Road ) is the on campus soccer stadium at North Carolina State University in Raleigh , North Carolina .
The Capitol Park Historic District is a historic district located in downtown Detroit , Michigan .
Waverly Place is a narrow street , in the Greenwich Village section of the New York City borough of Manhattan , that runs from Bank Street to Broadway .
Ab Laran ( Persian : ابلاران‎ , also Romanized as Āb Lārān ; also known as Āb Lārūn ) is a village in Sardasht Rural District , in the Central District of Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Bysław ( ˈbɨswaf ) ( German : Groß Bislaw ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiewo , within Tuchola County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Dammträsk ( Swedish for `` Pond Swamp '' ) is a small man made lake within the Tyresån Lake System , located in Haninge Municipality , south of central Stockholm , Sweden .
Bordj El Houasse ( also written Bordj El Haouasse or Bordj El Haouès ) is a town and commune in Djanet District , Illizi Province , Algeria .
Eyedrum Art & Music Gallery is a non - profit art space and venue in Atlanta , Georgia focused on contemporary art and experimental music ranging from contemporary chamber music and sound sculpture to drone noise music and art rock .
Iligan , officially the City of Iligan or simply Iligan City ( Cebuano : Dakbayan sa Iligan ; Filipino : Lungsod ng Iligan ) is a highly urbanized city in the Northern Mindanao region , Philippines .
Mendarda is a taluka of District Junagadh the State of Gujarat with a population of approximately 23,031 .
Fort Croghan was the third of the first four forts established by the United States government to protect settlers from hostile Indians along the Texas frontier .
Napoleon Community Schools is a public school district located in Napoleon , Michigan , approximately 7 miles South East of Jackson , Michigan .
Bualintur ( Scottish Gaelic : Buaile an Todhair ) is a remote township , which lies at the head of Loch Brittle on the island of Skye in the Highlands of Scotland and is in the Scottish council area of Highland .
Ehlange - sur - Mess ( Luxembourgish : Éiléng , German : Ehlingen ) is a small town in the commune of Reckange - sur - Mess , in south - western Luxembourg .
Cold Spring Bridge is a historic concrete open - spandrel arch bridge located at Whitehall Township and North Whitehall Township , Lehigh County , Pennsylvania .
The Boston Public Library is a municipal public library system in Boston , Massachusetts , United States , founded in 1848 .
The College Lands were a tract of land in the Northwest Territory , later Ohio , that the Congress donated for the support of a university .
Balazar ( or Balasar ) is one of the seven parishes of the municipality of Póvoa de Varzim .
The Pokfield Road Bus Terminus ( Chinese : 蒲飛路巴士總站 ) is a bus terminus located on Pok Fu Lam Road , Central and Western District , Hong Kong
Bisalpur is a city and as well as a municipal board situated in the Pilibhit district in the state of Uttar Pradesh , India .
Bindal is a municipality in the Helgeland region in the extreme southwest part of Nordland county , Norway .
Cumberland Homesteads is a community located in Cumberland County , Tennessee , United States .
Old Hardy County Courthouse , also known as `` First '' Hardy County Courthouse , is a historic courthouse building located at Moorefield , Hardy County , West Virginia .
The Shire of Rodney was a local government area in the Goulburn Valley region , about 170 kilometres ( 106 mi ) north of Melbourne , the state capital of Victoria , Australia , located between Kyabram and Shepparton .
Mohammadabad - e Razzaqzadeh ( Persian : محمدابادرزاق زاده‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammadābād - e Razzāqzādeh and Moḩammadābād Razzāqzādeh ; also known as Moḩammadābād ) is a village in Shusef Rural District , Shusef District , Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Nielub ( ˈɲelup ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno , within Wąbrzeźno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Briton 's Protection is an historic , grade II listed public house in central Manchester , England .
St. George 's Public School is a public elementary school in London , Ontario .
Copperbelt Province in Zambia covers the mineral - rich Copperbelt , and farming and bush areas to the south .
Hrobce ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈɦropt͡sɛ ) ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Litoměřice District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic .
Old Tombstone , also known as the Denton Monument , is a folk art tombstone listed on both the National Register of Historic Places and the Virginia Landmarks Register in the town of Hollins , Virginia , United States .
Zapotlanejo is a town and municipality in the Mexican state of Jalisco .
The Downtown Waterbury Historic District is the core of the city of Waterbury , Connecticut , United States .
Bass River Recreation Area is a 1,665-acre ( 674 ha ) recreation area , located in Allendale Charter Township and Robinson Township , Ottawa County , Michigan .
La Ferté - Milon is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France
Surav ( Persian : سوراو‎ , also Romanized as Sūrāv ; also known as Sūr Āb ) is a village in Beleh Keh Rural District , Alut District , Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Jumel Terrace Historic District is a small New York City and national historic district located in the Washington Heights neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City .
Princess Margaret Road ( Chinese : 公主道 ; pinyin : Gōngzhǔ Dào ; Cantonese Yale : gung1 jyu2 dou6 ; lit . `` Princess Road '' ) is a road in Kowloon , Hong Kong .
Qarah Daraq - e Sofla ( Persian : قره درق سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Daraq - e Soflá ) is a village in Abish Ahmad Rural District , Abish Ahmad District , Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Alcañiz is the capital of the Bajo Aragón comarca and the second city in the province after Teruel .
The Anglican Diocese of Gippsland is located in the Gippsland region of Victoria , Australia , extending from Phillip Island to Mallacoota .
Idzików ( iˈd͡ʑikuf ) ( German : Kieslingswalde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bystrzyca Kłodzka , within Kłodzko County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Snowy Scheme Museum is a museum in the Snowy Mountains town of Adaminaby , New South Wales , Australia .
Vigentino is a district ( `` quartiere '' ) of Milan , Italy , part of the Zone 5 administrative division , located south of the city centre .
The Burton Coliseum , built in 1976 , is located in Lake Charles , Louisiana .
Bardzice ( barˈd͡ʑit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowala , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Ararah is a Gram panchayat in Hajipur in the Vaishali district , state of Bihar , India .
Las Vegas Bay is a bay at the western edge of Lake Mead in the U.S. state of Nevada .
Lingo Canyon is a canyon in San Luis Obispo county in California .
Posof is a district of Ardahan Province of Turkey , in the far east of the country , 75 km from the city of Ardahan .
Halifax West High School is a Canadian public high school located in the Clayton Park neighbourhood in the Halifax Regional Municipality , Nova Scotia .
The Boulder Hot Springs Hotel is a National Registered Historic Place located southeast of Boulder , Montana .
Brodsworth is a village and civil parish in the Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster in South Yorkshire , England , situated about five miles north - west of Doncaster .
San Giovanni in Oleo is a small church in Rome , Italy , devoted to Saint John the Evangelist , on the place where , according to tradition , his martyrdom was attempted .
Ponte Lambro ( Western Lombard : Puunt ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy , located about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) north of Milan and about 12 kilometres ( 7 mi ) east of Como .
Caergwrle is a village in the county of Flintshire , in north east Wales .
Beyza Rural District ( Persian : دهستان بيضا‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Beyza District , Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Aughamucky , officially Aghamucky ( Irish : Áth an Mhuicí ) , is a small village in County Kilkenny , Republic of Ireland .
The Donora - Monessen Bridge , officially known as the Stan Musial Bridge , is a truss bridge that carries vehicular traffic across the Monongahela River between Donora , Pennsylvania and Monessen , Pennsylvania .
Sunland Hospital refers to a chain of defunct mental health facilities located throughout the state of Florida .
Gažon ( pronounced ( ɡaˈʒoːn ) ) is a village in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Nayarangadi is a little village in Kerala , India , about 8 kilometres ( 5.0 mi ) from Kunnamkulam and 6 kilometres ( 3.7 mi ) from Guruvayoor .
Tihu ( Pron:ˈtɪhuː ) ( Assamese : টিহু ) is a town and a town area committee established in 1951 in Nalbari district in the Indian state of Assam .
Yuzhynets ' , also known as Jujinetz , Juźynetz , Jujenet , Juzynci , Juzynetz , Yuzhenitse or Yuzhenitsy ( Ukrainian : Южинець ) , is a village in Kitsman Raion , in Chernivtsi Oblast , Ukraine .
Prince Gallitzin State Park is a 6,249-acre ( 2,529 ha ) Pennsylvania state park in Chest and White Townships , Cambria County , Pennsylvania in the United States , just outside Altoona , Pennsylvania .
Villaviciosa de Odón is a municipality in the western zone of the Community of Madrid in Spain .
Faule is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) southwest of Turin and about 45 kilometres ( 28 mi ) north of Cuneo , near the Po River .
Stary Wielisław ( ˈstarɨ vjɛˈliswaf ) ( German : Altwilmsdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodzko , within Kłodzko County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Atlantic City Armory is an armory at 1008 Absecon Boulevard in Atlantic City , New Jersey .
Kalateh - ye Ali Morad ( Persian : كلاته علي مراد‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye `` Alī Morād ) is a village in Binalud Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 33 , in 7 families .
Fernie Alpine Resort is a ski resort , located on Lizard Range , near the town of Fernie , British Columbia in Canada .
Saint - Gonlay ( Breton : Sant - Gonlei ) is a commune in the department of Ille - et - Vilaine in Brittany in the northwest of France .
The Josiah Cowles House is a historic house at 184 Marion Avenue , in the Plantsville section of Southington , Connecticut .
The Cape Lookout Lighthouse is a 163-foot high lighthouse located on the Southern Outer Banks of North Carolina .
Bar Aftab - e Sardasht ( Persian : برآفتاب سردشت‎ , also Romanized as Bar Āftāb - e Sardasht ) is a village in Sardasht Rural District , in the Central District of Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
The Austin Daily Tribune Building , later known as the Ernest O. Thompson State Office Building , is a Moderne style office building located at 920 Colorado in Austin , Texas .
Galilaya is the location of the headquarters of Galilaya Sub - county , one of the four sub - counties in Bbaale County , a constituent of Kayunga District .
Cushing Academy is a coeducational college preparatory boarding school for grades 9 through 12 plus an optional postgraduate year located in Ashburnham , Massachusetts .
Skaliszkiejmy ( skaliʂˈkʲɛi̯mɨ ) ( German : Skallischkehmen , from 1938 - 45 Großsteinau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie Mazurskie , within Gołdap County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Walters Ash ( also sometimes called Walter 's Ash ) is a village in the parish of Bradenham , in Buckinghamshire , England .
KPOL - LP ( 106.9 FM ) was a radio station formerly licensed to Canyonville , Oregon , USA .
Tabory - Rzym ( taˈbɔrɨ ˈʐɨm ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbójna , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Calthorpe Clinic is an abortion clinic in Edgbaston , Birmingham , England that first opened in 1969 .
Cilindro Municipal ( The Municipal Cylinder ) was an Indoor arena in Montevideo , Uruguay .
The McCarthy Road is a gravel - surfaced road that runs from the end of the Edgerton Highway in Chitina , Alaska , to about 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) outside of McCarthy , Alaska .
Berkenrode , or Berckenroode is a former ' Heerlijkheid ' in the Dutch province of North Holland , situated on the southwest side of Haarlem on the leidsevaart , north of Iepenrode and west of Heemstede .
Bahon ( Haitian Creole : Bawon ) , sometimes called Bohon , is a commune in Grande - Rivière - du - Nord Arrondissement , Nord Department , Haiti .
Nowy Waliszów ( ˈnɔvɨ vaˈliʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bystrzyca Kłodzka , within Kłodzko County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The South Stradbroke Island ( Indigenous : Minjerribah ) , colloqually South Straddie , is an island that lies within Moreton Bay in the Australian state of Queensland , south of Brisbane and forms the northern end of Gold Coast .
North Arm Speedway was the first dedicated motorcycle speedway ever built in Adelaide , South Australia and was located in the industrial suburb of Gillman .
São Domingos de Benfica ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( sɐ̃w̃ duˈmĩɡuʃ dɨ bɐ̃ȷ̃ˈfikɐ ) ) is a Portuguese civil parish , located in the municipality of Lisbon .
Hasanabad - e Sanjabi ( Persian : حسن آباد سنجابي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasanābād - e Sanjābī ) is a village in Nurali Rural District , in the Central District of Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Pirgeh Bar - e Simin ( Persian : پيرگه برسيمين‎ , also Romanized as Pīrgeh Bar - e Sīmīn ; also known as Pīrgeh - ye Bareh Sīmīn ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Eslamabad - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Andoung Meas District ( Khmer : អណ្តូងមាស ) is a district in north - eastern Cambodia , located in Ratanakiri Province , Population 6,896 ( 1998 )
The Duke of York 's Theatre is a West End Theatre in St Martin 's Lane , in the City of Westminster , London .
Brown Cottage was the first building of the educational institution in Hampton , Virginia now known as Hampton University .
The University of Mount Olive is a private Conference Carolinas liberal arts college located in Mount Olive , North Carolina .
Ab Barik Rural District ( Persian : دهستان آب باريك‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Archbold Gymnasium is a gymnasium located on the campus of Syracuse University in Syracuse , New York .
Bihsud District ( Pashto : بهسود , formerly Jalalabad District ) ( Persian : ولسوالی بهسود‎ ) is a district of Nangarhar Province , Afghanistan .
Segareh ( Persian : سگاره‎ , also Romanized as Segāreh ; also known as Hālūb ) is a village in Darkhoveyn Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Towson United Methodist Church is a large United Methodist Church in the historic Baltimore County , Maryland suburb of Towson .
The Curtis M. Phillips Center for the Performing Arts is a performing arts theatre in Gainesville , Florida , United States .
Moskwin ( ˈmɔskfin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Stirlingshire or the County of Stirling ( Scots : Coontie o Stirlin , Scottish Gaelic : Siorrachd Sruighlea ) is a registration county of Scotland , based in Stirling , the county town .
Panj Shir ( Persian : پنج شير‎ , also Romanized as Panj Shīr ) is a village in Jaydasht Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran .
Sterling Congregational Church is a historic church in Sterling Township , Blue Earth County , Minnesota , United States , built in 1867 .
Kings Castle Provincial Park is a provincial park in the southeastern portion of Prince Edward Island , Canada .
Stetchworth is a small village and civil parish in East Cambridgeshire , England , 3 miles ( 5 km ) to the south of the horse - racing centre of Newmarket and around 12 miles ( 19 km ) east of Cambridge .
The Couvent des Célestins ( In English : Convent of the Celestines ) , was an ancient convent located near the Place de la Bastille in Paris , France .
Avaz Lar Sayyadlar ( Persian : عوض لرصيادلر‎ , also Romanized as ʿAvaz̤ Lar Sayyādlar ) is a village in Virmuni Rural District , in the Central District of Astara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Honey Hill - Boyd 's Neck Battlefield is a historic battlefield site located near Ridgeland , Jasper County , South Carolina .
Piz Mundaun is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps , situated east of Obersaxen in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland .
Sardahun ( Persian : سردهون‎ , also Romanized as Sardāhūn ) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District , in the Central District of Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Zirmanlu ( Persian : زيرمانلو‎ , also Romanized as Zīrmānlū ; also kown as Zarmānlū ) is a village in Tala Tappeh Rural District , Nazlu District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Ardugah Malavi ( Persian : اردوگاه ملاوي‎ , also Romanized as Ārdūgāh Malāvī ) is a village in Malavi Rural District , in the Central District of Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Hebei Road Subdistrict ( Chinese : 河北路街道 ; pinyin : Héběi Lù Jiēdào ) is a subdistrict and the seat of Lubei District , in the north of Tangshan , Hebei , People 's Republic of China .
Shahreza County ( Persian : شهرستان شهرضا‎ ) is a county in Isfahan Province in Iran .
Killbear Provincial Park is a provincial park located on Georgian Bay in the Parry Sound District of Ontario , near the town of Nobel .
The Voorhies Castle is a Victorian home located in Voorhies , a small community 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) south of Bement in Piatt County , Illinois .
Bacon Cove is a fishing and farming settlement in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador .
Redford High School was a secondary educational facility that offered College Preparatory Classes in Detroit , Michigan .
Pakkala ( Swedish : Backas ) is a city district in Vantaa , Finland .
Sundale Country Club is an 18-hole private golf course located in southwest Bakersfield , California .
Sheykh Rajab ( Persian : شيخ رجب‎ ; also known as Sehrajab and Shekhradzhab ) is a village in Bedevostan - e Gharbi Rural District , Khvajeh District , Heris County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Hood Octagonal School is a historic octagonal schoolhouse located in Newtown Square , Delaware County , Pennsylvania .
Hilken Community Stadium is an American football , baseball , soccer and softball stadium located in Portland , Oregon .
Flora Mountain is a mountain summit in Washington in the Cascade Range in Washington State near the shores of Lake Chelan and 24 miles ( 39 km ) south of the Canadian border in the Glacier Peak Wilderness .
The Elmendorph Inn , often spelled Elmendorf Inn , is the oldest building in the village of Red Hook , New York , United States .
Ćićevac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ћићевац , pronounced ( tɕîtɕeʋats ) ) is a town and municipality located in the Rasina District of Serbia .
Glens Falls Hospital is a 410 bed not - for - profit community hospital located in Glens Falls , New York .
Maliheh - ye Hajj Badr ( Persian : مليحه حاج بدر‎ , also Romanized as Malīḩeh - ye Ḩājj Badr ) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District , in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Regal Tower is a proposed skyscraper to be constructed on a site bounded by Broad Street , Oozells Way and Sheepcote Street in Birmingham , England .
The National Czech & Slovak Museum & Library ( NCSML ) is a museum and library of Czech and Slovak history and culture located in Cedar Rapids , Iowa , in the United States .
Beggen is a quarter in northern Luxembourg City , in southern Luxembourg .
The Ridge Avenue Bridge in Philadelphia is a historic bridge in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Bourton - on - the - Hill is a village and civil parish in the Cotswold district of Gloucestershire , England , and about 2 miles ( 3 km ) west of Moreton - in - Marsh .
Woolland is a village and civil parish in north Dorset , England , situated in the Blackmore Vale under Bulbarrow Hill 7 miles ( 11 km ) west of Blandford Forum .
Jalinka ( jaˈlinka ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lubycza Królewska , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Mount Washington Regional Airport ( IATA : HIE , ICAO : KHIE , FAA LID : HIE ) is a public airport located 3 miles ( 5 km ) east of downtown Whitefield in Coos County , New Hampshire , USA .
Kakdwip is headquarters of Kakdwip subdivision in South 24 Parganas district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
Franklinton Vlaie or `` The Vlaie '' is a tributary of Catskill Creek in Broome , Schoharie County , New York in the United States .
Markaryd Municipality ( Markaryds kommun ) is a municipality in south - west Kronoberg County in southern Sweden , where the town Markaryd is seat .
Marco Island Executive Airport ( IATA : MRK , ICAO : KMKY , FAA LID : MKY ) , also known as Marco Island Airport , is a public airport located in Naples , Collier County , Florida , four miles ( 6 km ) northeast of the central business district of Marco Island .
Chalabad ( Persian : چال آباد‎ , also Romanized as Chālābād ; also known as Seyfābād ) is a village in Sursur Rural District , Muchesh District , Kamyaran County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Barton - le - Willows is a village and civil parish in the Ryedale district of North Yorkshire , England , situated near the River Derwent , about eight miles south - west of Malton .
WHCB is a Religious formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Bristol , Tennessee , serving the Tri - Cities , VA / TN area .
Eys ( Limburgish : Ees ) is a village in the municipality of Gulpen - Wittem , Limburg , the Netherlands .
WCZQ ( Hot 105.5 ) is an Urban Contemporary - leaning Rhythmic Contemporary station serving Champaign , Illinois .
Kingussie ( i / kɪŋˈjuːsi/ king - EW - see ; Scottish Gaelic : Ceann a ' Ghiùthsaich pronounced ( ˈkʲʰaun̪ˠə ˈʝuːs̪ɪç ) ) is a small town in the Highland region of Scotland .
Venan ( Persian : ونان‎ , also Romanized as Venān and Vanān ) is a village in Qahan Rural District , Khalajastan District , Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
Sant Joan de les Abadesses ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈsaɲ ʒuˈan də ɫəz əβəˈðesəs ) ) is a town and municipality located in the south - east of the comarca of Ripollès , in the province of Girona , Catalonia , Spain .
Wakeham is a hamlet near the village of Easton , in Tophill on the Isle of Portland in Dorset , England .
Bo Bia ( Thai : บ่อเบี้ย ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Ban Khok District , in Uttaradit Province , Thailand .
Gawthrop is a hamlet in the South Lakeland District , in the county of Cumbria .
The St John 's Wood Art School ( aka The Wood ) was an art school in St John 's Wood , north London , England .
Long Preston is a village and civil parish in the Craven district of North Yorkshire , England , in the Yorkshire Dales .
The Kwajaha village is the district center of the Tulak District in Ghor Province , Afghanistan .
Caulonia ( Greek : Καυλωνία Kaulonia ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria , located about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) southwest of Catanzaro and about 120 kilometres ( 75 mi ) northeast of Reggio Calabria in the Stilaro Valley .
Yeylaq ( Persian : ييلاق‎ , also Romanized as Yeylāq ) is a village in Jargalan Rural District , Raz and Jargalan District , Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Tang - e Kur ( Persian : تنگ كور‎ , also Romanized as Tang - e Kūr and Tang Kūr ) is a village in Mishan Rural District , Mahvarmilani District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
San Juan de Girón ( or just Girón ) is a municipality of the Santander Department in northeastern Colombia .
The Balonne Highway , a state highway of Queensland , is the continuation westward of the Moonie Highway from the town of St George to its termination at Cunnamulla .
Sazeman - e Hajj Seyd ( Persian : سازمان حاج سيد‎ , also Romanized as Sāzemān - e Ḩājj Seyd ) is a village in Daland Rural District , in the Central District of Ramian County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Prats de Lluçanès ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈpɾadz ðə ʎusəˈnɛs ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of Osona in Catalonia , Spain .
The Butt - Millet Memorial Fountain is a memorial fountain located in the President 's Park in Washington , D.C. , in the United States .
Horst aan de Maas ( pronunciation ) ( Limburgish : Haos aan de Maos ) is a municipality in the southeastern Netherlands , in the province of Limburg .
Zazi District ( Pashto : ځاځي ولسوالۍ‎ , Persian : ولسوالی جاجی‎ ) , also called Jaji , Dzadzi or Aryob , is a district in Paktia Province , Afghanistan .
Elbeğendi ( Syriac : ܟܦܪܐ ܬܚܬܝܬܐ‎ Kafro Tahtayto ) is an Assyrian / Syriac / Aramean village in Midyat District of Mardin Province ( Tur Abdin ) , Turkey .
Bachelor 's Grove Cemetery is a small , abandoned cemetery in Bremen Township , Cook County , Illinois in Chicago 's southwest suburbs .
Terlago ( German : Terlach ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 6 kilometres ( 4 mi ) northwest of Trento .
Zamin - e Molla ( Persian : زمين ملا‎ , also Romanized as Zamīn - e Mollā and Zamīn Mollā ) is a village in Bemani Rural District , Byaban District , Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Newfoundland Mountains are a 20-mile ( 32 km ) long mountain range located in southern Box Elder County , Utah .
Rapa , sometimes called Rapa Iti ( Little Rapa , to distinguish it from `` Rapa Nui '' ( Big Rapa ) , a name for Easter Island ) , is the largest and only inhabited island of the Bass Islands in French Polynesia .
Middle Lake Hamilton , is a natural freshwater lake on the northeast edge of Winter Haven , Florida .
Dar Gav ( Persian : درگاو‎ , also Romanized as Dar Gāv ; also known as Dar Gowd and Dūrgāb ) is a village in Golzar Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Bettringen is a Stadtteil of Schwäbisch Gmünd , Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
The Alvastra pile - dwelling ( Swedish : Alvastra pålbyggnad or Alvastraboplatsen ) is a pile dwelling ( also called a stilt house ) from ca 3000 BC in Ödeshög Municipality , Östergötland County , Sweden .
Hürtgenwald is a municipality in the district of Düren in the federal state of North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Owhkan ( Persian : اوهكن‎ ) is a village in Gowharan Rural District , Gowharan District , Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Yerington Grammar School ( or Yerington Grammar School No . 9 ) is a former school in Yerington , Nevada .
The Ironwood Carnegie Library is a library located at 235 E. Aurora Street in Ironwood , Michigan .
Stetind or Stetinden ( Lule Sami : Stádda ) is a mountain in the municipality of Tysfjord in Nordland county , Norway .
The Grandview is a historic apartment hotel at 82 Munroe Street in Somerville , Massachusetts .
Tinuj ( Persian : طينوج‎ , also Romanized as Ţīnūj ) is a village in Dastjerd Rural District , Khalajastan District , Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
Castle Village is a five - building cooperative apartment complex located on Cabrini Boulevard between West 181st and 186th Streets in the Hudson Heights neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City .
The Villa Forni Cerato is a 16th - century villa in Montecchio Precalcino , Province of Vicenza , northern Italy .
Rolki ( ˈrɔlkʲi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska , within Pisz County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Xinyu ( Chinese : 新余 ; pinyin : Xīnyú ) is a prefecture - level city in west - central Jiangxi province , People 's Republic of China .
The Altamont Historic District is a 11-acre ( 4.5 ha ) historic district in Guilderland , New York .
Horjand ( Persian : حرجند‎ , also Romanized as Ḩorjand and Ḩorjond ; also known as Hūrjand ) is a village in Horjand Rural District , Kuhsaran District , Ravar County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Yekkeh Pesteh ( Persian : يكه پسته‎ ) is a village in Jolgeh - ye Musaabad Rural District , in the Central District of Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Abellu ( Persian : ابللو‎ , also Romanized as Abellū and Ablalū ; also known as Abella , Ābla , and Ablū ) is a village in Azghan Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Hanley Grange is the name given to an eco - town planned for land north of Hinxton in South Cambridgeshire .
Repala ( Telugu : రేపాల ) is a village under Munagala mandal in Nalgonda district , Telangana .
The Trewarthenick Estate is a Grade II listed manor house and estate located in the hamlet of Trewarthenick near Tregony in Cornwall , England , UK .
The Shire of Dunmunkle was a local government area about 160 kilometres ( 99 mi ) west of Bendigo and 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) east of Horsham , in western Victoria , Australia .
Zadębce - Kolonia ( zaˈdɛmpt͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzeszczany , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Oak View Elementary School is a community public elementary school that serves students in kindergarten through sixth grade from Bloomfield , in Essex County , New Jersey , United States , as part of the Bloomfield Public Schools .
Avenue George V is a street in the 8th arrondissement of Paris .
Stare Jabłonki ( ˈstarɛ jaˈbwɔnki ) ( German : Alt Jablonken ; 1938 - 1945 : Altfinken ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Honey Acres Airport is located one mile ( 1.6 km ) west of Clinton , Michigan on W. Michigan Ave . and spans the border between Lenawee and Washtenaw counties .
Daya Nueva ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈdaʝa ˈnweβa ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of Vega Baja del Segura in the Valencian Community , Spain .
Derby Field ( IATA : LOL , ICAO : KLOL , FAA LID : LOL ) is a county owned , public use airport located eight nautical miles ( 15 km ) southwest of the central business district of Lovelock , in Pershing County , Nevada , United States .
Elk Creek Wildlife Management Area is located on 6,004 acres ( 2,430 ha ) east of Wylo in Logan and Mingo counties , West Virginia .
Trzemeszno Lubuskie ( tʂɛˈmɛʂnɔ luˈbuskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulęcin , within Sulęcin County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Nowy Gierałtów ( ˈnɔvɨ ɡʲɛˈrau̯tuf ) ( German : Neu Gersdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stronie Śląskie , within Kłodzko County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , near the border with the Czech Republic .
The Karl - Marx - Allee is a monumental socialist boulevard built by the GDR between 1952 and 1960 in Berlin Friedrichshain and Mitte .
Mae Chedi ( Thai : แม่เจดีย์ ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Wiang Pa Pao District , in Chiang Rai Province , Thailand .
The Beyeler Foundation or Fondation Beyeler with its museum in Riehen , near Basel , owns and oversees the art collection of Hildy and Ernst Beyeler .
Horse Guards Avenue is a road in the City of Westminster , London , linking the major thoroughfares of Whitehall and Victoria Embankment , to the east of the Horse Guards building and parade area .
The Beethovenhalle is a concert hall in Bonn .
Naval Air Station Sanford ( IATA : NRJ , ICAO : KNRJ , FAA LID : NRJ ) was a United States Navy naval air station in Sanford , Florida , approximately 20 miles north of Orlando , Florida .
Hervey Bay Airport ( IATA : HVB , ICAO : YHBA ) is the main airport for the city of Hervey Bay , Queensland , Australia and the Fraser Coast region which incorporates the nearby city of Maryborough .
Fashkham ( Persian : فشخام‎ , also Romanized as Fashkhām and Feshkham ; also known as Fankhām ) is a village in Kasma Rural District , in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The 2000 U.S. Women 's Open Golf Championship was the 55th U.S. Women 's Open , held July 20 - -23 at the Merit Club in Libertyville , Illinois , a suburb north - northwest of Chicago .
Panchah ( Persian : پنچاه‎ , also Romanized as Panchāh ) is a village in Kisom Rural District , in the Central District of Astaneh - ye Ashrafiyeh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Unity Hall is a historic building located at 3140 S. Indiana Ave . in the Douglas community area of Chicago , Illinois .
Chyandour ( Cornish : Chi an Dowr , meaning `` house of the water '' ) is a small settlement within the town of Penzance in west Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
The Elm - Maple - South Streets Historic District is a historic district encompassing part of the historic downtown of Stockbridge , Massachusetts .
Samal - e Shomali ( Persian : سمل شمالي‎ , also Romanized as Samal - e Shomālī ; also known as Samal ) is a village in Ahram Rural District , in the Central District of Tangestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
McCarthy Stadium , The Mac , is a 7,500-seat multi - purpose stadium in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Yuping Dong Autonomous County ( Chinese : 玉屏侗族自治县 ; Pinyin : Yùpíng dòngzú Zìzhìxiàn ) is an autonomous county in Tongren Prefecture , Guizhou Province of China .
Sandy Hook is a barrier spit in Middletown Township , Monmouth County , New Jersey , United States .
Dizaj - e Sefid ( Persian : ديزج سفيد‎ , also Romanized as Dīzaj - e Sefīd ; also known as Dīzas - e Sefīd ) is a village in Razliq Rural District , in the Central District of Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Pomorzanki ( pɔmɔˈʐaŋki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostynin , within Gostynin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The BayArena ( German pronunciation : ( beːʔaˈʁeːna ) ) is a football stadium in Leverkusen , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany , which has been the home ground of Bundesliga club Bayer Leverkusen since 1958 .
Shedd Aquarium ( formally the John G. Shedd Aquarium ) is an indoor public aquarium in Chicago , Illinois in the United States that opened on May 30 , 1930 .
Saint Andrew 's Chapel is a historic chapel on Washington Mountain Road in Washington , Massachusetts .
Ćwierdzin ( ˈt͡ɕfjɛrd͡ʑin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witkowo , within Gniezno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Bradley 's Country Store Complex is located 12 miles ( 19 km ) north of Tallahassee , Florida , United States on Centerville Road ( County Road 151 ) in the community of Felkel , Florida .
U. S. Steel Canada Lake Erie Works ( formally known as Stelco Lake Erie Works ) is a greenfield steel mill located in Nanticoke , Ontario , Canada .
Krkavče ( pronounced ( ˈkəɾkau̯tʃɛ ) ; Italian : Carcase ) is a village in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia close to the border with Croatia .
The Reuben Freeman House is a unique home , sporting eight gables , that was built 1887 in Inver Grove Heights in the U.S. state of Minnesota .
The SISD Student Activities Complex , known locally as `` The SAC '' is a High School football stadium in the far east side of El Paso , Texas , U.S.A. It has a capacity of 11,000 .
The Boone - Douthit House is located on the outskirts of Pendleton , South Carolina .
The Kaufungen Forest ( German : Kaufunger Wald ) is a range of steep , wooded hills straddling the border between the states of Hesse and Lower Saxony in central Germany .
The Ernest M. Wood Office and Studio is a building located in the Adams County , Illinois city of Quincy .
Łokacz Wielki ( ˈwɔkat͡ʂ ˈvjɛlki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyż Wielkopolski , within Czarnków - Trzcianka County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Alpignano is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) west of Turin on the Dora Riparia in the Val di Susa plain .
Barfeh ( Persian : برفه‎ ; also known as Barfi ) is a village in Khatunabad Rural District , in the Central District of Shahr - e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Abercrombie House was built in Bathurst , New South Wales , Australia in the 1870s by the Stewart family who were Bathurst pioneers .
Dasht - e Boz ( Persian : دشت بز‎ ) is a village in Sadat Mahmudi Rural District , Pataveh District , Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Huta Porajska ( ˈxuta pɔˈrai̯ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieńsk , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Bhingewadi is a small Grampanchat village 5 kilometers from Atpadi , Maharashtra , India .
This settlement forms part of the larger Parbold ward ( pop . 3,890 ) , reducing to 3,784 at the 2011 Census one of 25 wards that make up West Lancashire Borough Council .
Boroughbridge ( /ˈbʌrəbrɪdʒ/ ) is a small town and civil parish in the Harrogate district of North Yorkshire , England .
Kabudarahang County ( Persian : شهرستان کبودراهنگ‎ ) is a county in Hamadan Province in Iran .
Harry Ainlay High School is a Canadian high school located in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada in the Royal Gardens Community , south of Whitemud Drive on 111 Street .
Stary Kobylnik ( ˈstarɨ kɔˈbɨlnik ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Błotnica , within Białobrzegi County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Posey Field ( FAA LID : 1M4 ) is a city - owned public - use airport located three nautical miles ( 4 mi , 6 km ) northeast of the central business district of Haleyville , a city in Winston County , Alabama , United States .
Brzękowice - Wał ( bʐɛŋkɔˈvʲit͡sɛ ˈvau̯ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Psary , within Będzin County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Laskówka Chorąska ( lasˈkufka xɔˈrɔ̃ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Tarnowska , within Dąbrowa County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Qorqoruk - e Sofla ( Persian : قرقروك سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Qorqorūk - e Soflá , Qareqorūk , Qarqorūk - e Soflá , and Qarqorūk Soflá ; also known as Qorqorūk - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Abravan Rural District , Razaviyeh District , Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Durham School of the Arts ( DSA ) is a secondary magnet school located in downtown Durham , North Carolina , United States , housing 1,381 students .
Leesburg Executive Airport at Godfrey Field ( ICAO : KJYO , FAA LID : JYO ) is a town - owned public - use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) south of the central business district of Leesburg , a town in Loudoun County , Virginia , United States .
The Sir Sandford Range is a subrange of the Big Bend Ranges of the Selkirk Mountains of the Columbia Mountains in southeastern British Columbia , Canada , located between Gold ( river ) and Palmer Creek just southwest of the Gold Arm of Kinbasket Lake .
The William Sherman Jennings House ( also known as the May Mann Jennings House or the Jennings - Rogers House ) is a historic residence in Brooksville , Florida , United States .
The Joy Range is one of the northern mountain ranges in the world and of the Arctic Cordillera along with the nearby Princess Margaret Range , located on southeastern Axel Heiberg Island , Nunavut , Canada .
Saginaw County H.W. Browne Airport ( IATA : HYX , ICAO : KHYX , FAA LID : HYX ) , is a county - owned , public - use airport located in Buena Vista Township , east of Saginaw , in Saginaw County , Michigan , United States .
Thousand Lake Mountain is in South - Central Utah , United States , just North and West of Capitol Reef National Park and North of Boulder Mountain .
The Edward D. Dupont House is a house in southeast Portland , Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Siedlec - Kolonia ( ˈɕɛdlɛt͡s kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyca , within Łęczyca County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Micin ( ˈmit͡ɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyżanów , within Kutno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Lauda station is a junction station in the town of Lauda - Königshofen in the German state of Baden - Württemberg , where the northern section of the Tauber Valley Railway branches from the Franconia Railway .
KKWB ( 102.5 FM , `` Coyote 102.5 '' ) is a country music radio station , serving the Bemidji , Minnesota region .
Kalateh - ye Qoru ( Persian : كلاته قرو‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Qorū ) is a village in Quchan Atiq Rural District , in the Central District of Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
East Mecklenburg High School is a public secondary school in Charlotte , North Carolina and one of 31 high schools in the Charlotte - Mecklenburg Schools system .
John W. Ferguson House , was located in Paterson , Passaic County , New Jersey , United States .
Belaftu ( Persian : بيلفتو‎ , also Romanized as Belaftū and Beleftū ; also known as Bileftoo , Bilfai , and Bīl Fotū ) is a village in Khoshkrud Rural District , in the Central District of Zarandieh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Nowa Wola Niechcicka ( ˈnɔva ˈvɔla ɲexˈt͡ɕit͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozprza , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Shurakabad ( Persian : شورك اباد‎ , also Romanized as Shūrakābād ) is a village in Hakimabad Rural District , in the Central District of Zarandieh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Kanie Iławeckie ( ˈkaɲɛ iwaˈvɛt͡skʲɛ ) ( German : Salwarschienen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
The Niagara Fallsview Casino Resort ( commonly known as Fallsview Casino ) in Niagara Falls , Ontario opened publicly on June 10 , 2004 .
Naseh ( Persian : نسه‎ ; also known as Naseh Bakhs ) is a village in Rostam - e Yek Rural District , in the Central District of Rostam County , Fars Province , Iran .
Halámky ( German : Witschkoberg ) is a village in the Jindřichův Hradec District of the Czech Republic .
L'Assomption railway station is located on L'Ange - Gardien Boulevard in the town of L'Assomption , Quebec , Canada .
The Maison d'Ailleurs ( translated as `` House of Elsewhere '' ) is a museum of science fiction , utopia and extraordinary journeys in Yverdon - les - Bains ( Switzerland ) .
Timokten ( Arabic : ﺗﻤﻘﺘﻦ‎ ) ( also spelled Timoktene , Timekten , or Tamekten ) is a town and commune in Aoulef District , Adrar Province , in south - central Algeria .
The Colin Archer Peninsula is located on the northwestern Devon Island , a part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region of the Canadian territory of Nunavut .
Sprzęcice ( spʂɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbicko , within Strzelce County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Haynes Hotel or Waters Building is a historic building at 1386 - 1402 Main Street in Springfield , Massachusetts .
Choqabdar ( Persian : چقابدار‎ , also Romanized as Choqābdār ; also known as Cheghābdār ) is a village in Dorud Rural District , in the Central District of Dorud County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
New Plymouth Congregational Church is a historic church on Southwest Avenue between West Park and Plymouth in New Plymouth , Idaho .
The Villa Angarano or Villa Angarano Bianchi Michiel is a villa in Bassano del Grappa , Veneto , northern Italy .
Seyyed Gatush ( Persian : سيدگتوش‎ , also Romanized as Seyyed Gatūsh ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Ramhormoz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Newark Air Museum is an air museum located on a former Royal Air Force station at Winthorpe , near Newark - on - Trent in Nottinghamshire , England .
According to the Enciclopedia de los Municipios de México , published by the Mexican government , the name Xonacatlán is Nahuatl in origin and means `` among the onions '' ( `` onion '' in Nahuatl is `` xonacatl '' ) .
Sheykh Saleh Qandi ( Persian : شيخ صالح قندي‎ , also Romanized as Sheykh Şāleḩ Qandī ) is a village in Abu Ghoveyr Rural District , Musian District , Dehloran County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Horní Podluží ( German Obergrund ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Děčín District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic .
Ruszenice ( ruʂɛˈnit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów , within Opoczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Tarpon Springs High School , is a Public High School in Pinellas County , Florida .
Tell Shihab ( Arabic : تل شهاب‎ ; also spelled Tell esh - Shihab or Tal Shehab ) is a village in southern Syria , administratively part of the Daraa Governorate , located northwest of Daraa on the Syrian - Jordanian borders .
St Ninian 's Church , Tynet is a historic Roman Catholic clandestine church located at Tynet about 4 miles to the west of Buckie , Scotland in the Enzie region .
The Little Red School House and Elisabeth Irwin High School , also referred to as LREI , was founded by Elisabeth Irwin in 1921 in Manhattan , New York City as the Little Red School House , and is regarded as the city 's first progressive school .
Khorrami ( Persian : خرمي‎ , also Romanized as Khorramī ; also known as Khurami ) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District , Shusef District , Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Mern is a village with a population of 981 ( 1 January 2015 ) located in Vordingborg Municipality , Region Zealand in Denmark .
Ban Rong ( Thai : บ้านร้อง ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Ngao District , in Lampang Province , Thailand . In 2005 it had a total population of 6616 people .
Dobwalls and Trewidland ( Cornish : Fos an Mogh & Trewydhlann ) is a civil parish in south - east Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Piwonin ( piˈvɔnin ) is a village in Otwock County , Gmina Sobienie - Jeziory .
Ahmadabad - e Khvajeh ( Persian : احمدابادخواجه‎ , also Romanized as Aḩmadābād - e Khvājeh ; also known as Aḩmadābād ) is a village in Najafabad Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Doane Peak ( 11,355 feet ( 3,461 m ) ) is in the northern Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming .
Delaplane Historic District is a national historic district located at Delaplane , Fauquier County , Virginia .
Mah Neshan ( Persian : ماه نشان‎‎ , also Romanized as Māh Neshān and Māhneshān ) is a city in and capital of Mahneshan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
The Volgenau School of Engineering is located in the Fairfax campus of George Mason University in the Commonwealth of Virginia .
Gaisberg Transmitter is a facility for FM and TV - transmission on the Gaisberg mountain near Salzburg , Austria .
Aharpada is a small village in Khandatada Panchayata , Bhadrak district , Orissa , India with a population of nearly 1,000 .
The Sadberk Hanım Museum ( Turkish : Sadberk Hanım Müzesi ) is a private museum located at the Bosporus in Büyükdere quarter of Sarıyer district in Istanbul , Turkey , which was established by the Vehbi Koç Foundation in memory of Vehbi Koç 's deceased wife Sadberk .
Munkkiniemi ( Swedish : Munksnäs , in slang Munkka ) is a neighbourhood in Helsinki .
The Louis J. Bader House and Garden in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon is a 2.5-story single dwelling and garden listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Qasem Daraq ( Persian : قاسم درق‎ , also Romanized as Qāsem Daraq ) is a village in Owch Tappeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Miller and Herriott House , also known as the Miller and Herriott Tract House , is a historic Victorian house in the North University Park section of Los Angeles , California .
Tamminiemi ( Villa Ekudden in Swedish ) , is a villa located in the Meilahti district of Helsinki .
Longforgan is a village and parish in the Carse of Gowrie , in Perth and Kinross , Scotland .
Yap or Wa′ab ( Yapese : Waqab ) classically refers to an island -- the Yap Main Islands -- located in the Caroline Islands of the western Pacific Ocean , and a part of the Federated States of Micronesia .
Yester Parish Church is a church of the Church of Scotland in the village of Gifford , East Lothian , Scotland .
Qudjanak ( Persian : قودجانك‎ , also Romanized as Qūdjānak ; also known as Gowjānak and Kūdanak ) is a village in Varzaq Rural District , in the Central District of Faridan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Stama ( ˈstama ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sorkwity , within Mrągowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Vicálvaro is a former village in its own right of the province of Madrid .
KRDM ( 1240 AM , `` La Bronca '' ) is a commercial regional Mexican radio station in Bend , Oregon .
The Musée de l'Ordre de la Libération is a military museum located in the 7th arrondissement at 51 bis boulevard de La Tour - Maubourg , Paris , France .
Agde ( French pronunciation : ​(aɡdə ) ; Occitan : Agde ( ˈadde , ˈate ) ) is a commune in the Hérault department in southern France .
Człuchy ( ˈt͡ʂwuxɨ ) ( German : Schlochow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Smołdzino , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Phipps Street Burying Ground is a historic cemetery on Phipps Street in Charlestown , now a neighborhood of Boston , Massachusetts .
Bade District ( Chinese : 八德區 ; pinyin : Bādé Qū ) is a district in the central part of Taoyuan City , Taiwan ( Republic of China ) .
East Blatchington is a coastal village in East Sussex which has merged into the western part of Seaford .
Glisne ( ˈɡlisnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszana Dolna , within Limanowa County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Chayerlu ( Persian : چايرلو‎ , also Romanized as Chāyerlū and Chāy Yerlū ; also known as Chehārlu ) is a village in Qoltuq Rural District , in the Central District of Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Sowia Wola ( ˈsɔvja ˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czosnów , within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Tongelre is a borough of Eindhoven .
La Vall d'Alcalà ( Valencian pronunciation : ( la ˈvaʎ daɫkaˈla ) , Spanish : Valle de Alcalá ( ˈbaʎe ðe alkaˈla ) ) is a valley in the Marina Alta region of Alicante , Spain .
The Goethe - Institut , New York is an organization that is located at 30 Irving Place in Manhattan , New York City .
South Berrien Center Union Church and Cemetery is a historic church and cemetery at 10408 M-140 in Berrien Township , Michigan .
Khom Gardan ( Persian : خم گردن‎ , also Romanized as Khomgardān ; also known as Khomagdān ) is a village in Baladeh Rural District , Khorramabad District , Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Park School is an independent day school in Brookline , Massachusetts , for boys and girls in pre - kindergarten through ninth grade .
Bortnychi ( Ukrainian : Бортничі ) is a historic neighbourhood in the southern part of Kiev .
Budowo ( buˈdɔvɔ ) ( German : Budow ; Kashubian : Bùdowò ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Chalshir ( Persian : چالشير‎ , also Romanized as Chālshīr ) is a village in Zalaqi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Besharat District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Khushpura is a village in the tehsil of Jatusana , Rewari District , in the Gurgaon Division of the state of Haryana , India .
Band Aman ( Persian : بندامان‎ , also Romanized as Band Amān ; also known as Band Āmūn and Bandāmūn ) is a village in Fazl Rural District , Zarrin Dasht District , Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
The Salome Wilderness lies within the Sierra Ancha mountain range in Gila County , Arizona .
Narrawada is a small historic village located 7 km from Duttalur in Nellore District in Andhra Pradesh , India .
The Nelson Avenue - Fort Hill Historic District is a residential neighborhood in northwestern Peekskill , Westchester County , New York , United States .
Płazów ( ˈpwazuf ) ( Ukrainian : Плазів , Plaziv ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narol , within Lubaczów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Fucheng District ( simplified Chinese : 涪城区 ; traditional Chinese : 涪城區 ; pinyin : Fúchéng Qū ) is a district of Mianyang , Sichuan , China .
Martshala Gewog ( Dzongkha : མར་ཚྭ་ལ་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Samdrup Jongkhar District , Bhutan .
Carlsbad State Beach is a protected beach in the state park system of California , USA , located in Carlsbad .
Latifabad ( Sindhi : لطيف آباد‎ , Urdu : لطِيف آباد‎ ) , is a town in the southern suburbs of the city of Hyderabad , in Sindh , Pakistan .
The Church of Wells ( formerly the Church of Arlington , or You Must Be Born Again ( YMBBA ) Ministries ) is an American group located in Wells , Texas , United States .
Tashang ( Chinese : 塔上镇 ) is a township - level division of Lingshou County , Shijiazhuang , Hebei , China .
The Nightingale House is a Victorian era Queen Anne and Eastlake style house , located at 201 Buchanan Street in San Francisco , California .
Hajnówka County ( Polish : powiat hajnowski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Podlaskie Voivodeship , north - eastern Poland , on the border with Belarus .
Rowshanaq ( Persian : روشنق‎ ; also known as Rowshanak ) is a village in Balghelu Rural District , in the Central District of Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Edina Mill was one of the first of six gristmills to be built on the Minnehaha Creek in Hennepin County , Minnesota between 1855 and 1876 .
The Yellowstone Club , also Yellowstone Ski Resort , is a private residential club , ski resort , and golf resort located in the state of Montana , USA .
Mae Tip ( Thai : แม่ตีบ ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Ngao District , in Lampang Province , Thailand . In 2005 it had a total population of 4434 people .
Krzywki - Bośki ( ˈkʂɨfki ˈbɔɕki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szreńsk , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Ligota Tułowicka ( liˈɡɔta tuwɔˈvit͡ska ) ( German : Ellguth Tillowitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tułowice , within Opole County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Forggensee is a lake located north of Füssen in the district of Ostallgäu in Bavaria , Germany .
Miklesz - Kolonia ( ˈmiklɛʂ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
KZMX - FM ( 96.7 FM ) is a radio station licensed to Hot Springs , South Dakota , USA , the station is owned by Mt.
Paradise Furnace , also known as Mary Anne Furnace , is a national historic district located in Trough Creek State Park at Todd Township in Huntingdon County , Pennsylvania .
Spencer - Penn School is a historic school complex located at Spencer , Henry County , Virginia .
Drahle ( ˈdraxlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Roqeh - ye Kabir ( Persian : رقعه كبير‎ , also Romanized as Roq``eh - ye Kabīr ; also known as Roq``eh ) is a village in Horjand Rural District , Kuhsaran District , Ravar County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 76 , in 21 families .
Leszczyny Małe ( lɛʂˈt͡ʂɨnɨ ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dłutów , within Pabianice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Alley Pond Park is the second - largest public park in Queens , New York City .
Stara Dziedzina ( ˈstara d͡ʑeˈd͡ʑina ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barlinek , within Myślibórz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Knickerbocker Field Club was an historic tennis clubhouse located in Flatbush , Brooklyn , New York , New York .
Broseley is a small town in Shropshire , England , with a population of 4,912 ( 2001 census ) , increasing to 4,929 at the 2011 Census .
Wright 's Tavern is a historic tavern located in the center of Concord , Massachusetts .
The Chaves County Courthouse , located on the 400 block of Main Street in Roswell , New Mexico , is the center of government of Chaves County .
Glasco Downtown Historic District is an early commercial , Italianate historic shopping area located in Glasco , Kansas that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Mendrisio railway station is a railway station in the Swiss canton of Ticino and municipality of Mendrisio .
WTGV - FM ( 97.7 FM , `` Light and Easy Listening 97.7 '' ) is a radio station broadcasting a soft adult contemporary format , serving Sandusky and the Thumb and Blue Water area of Michigan .
Narasapurapupeta is a village in Ramachandrapuram Mandal , East Godavari District , Andhra Pradesh , India which is nearly 6 km away from Mandal Headquarters Ramachandrapuram and 22 km away from District Headquarters Kakinada and nearly 460 km away from state capital hyderabad .
The Pamparomas District is one of 10 districts in the Huaylas Province in the Ancash Region of Peru .
Bikar Ayesh ( Persian : بيكارايش‎ , also Romanized as Bīkār Āyesh ; also known as Bīkārāpas ) is a village in Chapakrud Rural District , Gil Khuran District , Juybar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Runtole ( pronounced ( ˈɾuːntɔlɛ ) ) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Celje in eastern Slovenia .
The Phillip Gaensslen House is a historic house in Cleveland , Ohio , United States , located at 3050 Prospect Avenue east of downtown .
Pir Marzban ( Persian : پيرمرزبان‎ , also Romanized as Pīr Marzbān ; also known as Pīrmazabān and Pīr Mehzābān ) is a village in Zarrineh Rud Rural District , Bizineh Rud District , Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Nea Skioni ( Greek : Νέα Σκιώνη , pronounced ( ˈnea sciˈoni ) ) is a village and a community in the peninsula of Kassandra , Chalkidiki , Greece .
Magdalenowo ( maɡdalɛˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suwałki , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Wróblów ( ˈvrubluf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sława , within Wschowa County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
The Episcopal Church of All Angels is a historic church at 129 W. Michigan in Spearfish , South Dakota .
The Roosevelt Island Tramway is an aerial tramway in New York City that spans the East River and connects Roosevelt Island to the Upper East Side of Manhattan .
Cromore ( Scottish Gaelic : Crò Mòr ) is a crofting township on the Isle of Lewis in the district of Pairc , in the Outer Hebrides , Scotland .
Casate Ticino ( `` Casá '' , in the local dialect ) is an Italian village in the municipality of Bernate Ticino , near Milan , in Lombardy .
KQPM is a radio station broadcasting a country music format out of Ukiah , California .
Fort Supply Lake is in Woodward County , Oklahoma , about 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) south of Fort Supply and 12 miles ( 19 km ) northwest of Woodward .
Facatativá is a city and municipality in the Cundinamarca Department , located about 18 miles ( 31 km ) northwest of Bogotá , Colombia and 2,586 meters above sea level .
Cayuga Secondary School is a secondary school located at 70 Highway 54 , Cayuga , Ontario , Canada .
Wola Magnuszewska ( ˈvɔla maɡnuˈʂɛfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Magnuszew , within Kozienice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Williamsbridge Reservoir was a natural lake ( despite its name ) measuring 13.1 acres ( 5.3 ha ) just south of Van Cortlandt Park in the Bronx , New York .
Located at 201 Sands Avenue Las Vegas , Nevada , the Sands Expo is owned and operated by the Las Vegas Sands Corporation .
Caraway Speedway is a short track located near Asheboro , North Carolina , U.S. Caraway Speedway was built in 1966 as a dirt track .
Elsey Abbey , earlier Elsey Priory ( German : Kloster Elsey ) is a former women 's religious house located near Elsey , now part of Hohenlimburg , Hagen , Germany .
Kudry ( ˈkudrɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłoń , within Parczew County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Bledzewko ( blɛˈd͡zɛfkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc , within Sierpc County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Ballacannell Halt ( sometimes `` Ballacannall '' ) is a stop on the Manx Electric Railway on the Isle of Man .
Delamar Dry Lake is a dry lakebed located in the Dry Lake Watershed near Alamo in Lincoln County , Nevada .
Dehnow - e Chahdegan ( Persian : دهنوچاهدگان‎ , also Romanized as Dehnow - e Chāhdegān ; also known as Dehnow - e Chahdegāl ) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District , Negin Kavir District , Fahraj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Rockville Mall was an indoor shopping mall in Rockville , Maryland .
Aghelak ( Persian : اغلك‎ , also Romanized as Āghlak and Āgholak ; also known as Āqā Lak and Āqlak ) is a village in Qahan Rural District , Khalajastan District , Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
Şanlıurfa Province ( Turkish : Şanlıurfa ili ) or simply Urfa Province is a province in southeastern Turkey .
The Shriners Hospital for Children ( Houston ) is a non - profit , 40-bed pediatric orthopedic hospital , research and teaching center located in the Texas Medical Center in Houston , Texas , USA .
Chandwad ( IPA : Cāndavaḍa ) is a town located in the Nashik district in Maharashtra .
Gonbedu ( Persian : گنبدو‎ , also Romanized as Gonbedūand Gonbadū ; also known as Ganbīdū , Gombīdū , and Gonbīdū ) is a village in Dasht - e Laleh Rural District , Asir District , Mohr County , Fars Province , Iran .
Black Mountain Peninsula , located in Acton , Australian Capital Territory , a suburb of the capital Canberra , is a prominent area on the western region of Lake Burley Griffin .
Black Bear Ranch is an 80-acre intentional community located in Siskiyou County , California , about 25 miles from Forks of Salmon .
Kahurdan ( Persian : كهوردان‎ , also Romanized as Kahūrdān ; also known as Kāhūdān ) is a village in Karian Rural District , in the Central District of Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Jonathan Edwards College ( informally JE ) is a residential college at Yale University in New Haven , Connecticut .
Disney 's Mediterranean Resort was a proposed Disney Deluxe resort to be located at Walt Disney World in Lake Buena Vista , Florida that originally would have begun operation in the late 1990s .
Lubaszowa ( lubaˈʂɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchów , within Tarnów County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Pingree School is a coeducational , independent secondary day school located in South Hamilton , Massachusetts , serving the area north and east of Boston .
Palkhtar ( Persian : پلختار‎ , also Romanized as Palkhtār ) is a village in Khoshabar Rural District , in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Kalek ( German : Kallich ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Chomutov District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic .
Nahr - e Shanaveh ( Persian : نهرشناوه‎ , also Romanized as Nahr - e Shanāveh ) is a village in Abshar Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Hennepin County Government Center is the courthouse and primary county government administration building for Hennepin County in the State of Minnesota .
The Zlatibor District ( Serbian : Златиборски округ / Zlatiborski okrug ) is a district in the western , mountainous part of Serbia .
Mont Yamaska is part of the Monteregian Hills in southern Quebec .
Branewka - Kolonia ( braˈnɛfka kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzwola , within Janów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Esek Bussey Firehouse , now known as Engine Company 8 or Pumper Number 8 , is a historic fire station located at Troy in Rensselaer County , New York .
The Palazzo Chigi ( Italian pronunciation : ( paˈlattso ˈkiːdʒi ) ) is a palace or noble residence in Rome and the official residence of the Prime Minister of the Italian Republic .
Mäntsälä ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈmæntsælæ ) ) is a municipality in the province of Southern Finland , and is part of the Uusimaa region .
Bandar - e Lengeh Airport ( Persian : فرودگاه بندرلنگه‎ -- Forūdgāh - e Bandar - e Lengeh ) is a village and airport in Moghuyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Mushemi - ye Sofla ( Persian : موشمي سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Mūshemī - ye Soflá ; also known as Mūshemī - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Zilayi Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Château du Plessis - Bourré is a château in the Loire Valley in France , situated in the commune of Écuillé in the Maine - et - Loire department .
Mountain Lake Park is a San Francisco park in the Richmond District neighborhood , located north of the intersection of Lake and Funston .
Piz d'Arbeola ( 2,600 m ) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps , south of San Bernardino in the canton of Graubünden .
Matfen is a village and a civil parish in Northumberland , England , near the towns of Hexham and Newcastle upon Tyne .
Babki Gąseckie ( ˈbapki ɡɔ̃ˈsɛt͡skʲɛ ) ( German : Babken ( Kirchspiel Gonsken ) ; from 1938 - 45 Babeck ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olecko , within Olecko County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Moeydeleh - ye Sofla ( Persian : معيدله سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Mo``eydeleh - ye Soflá and Mo``edeleh - ye Soflá ) is a village in Moshrageh Rural District , Moshrageh District , Ramshir County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 273 , in 47 families .
Gomyek - e Vosta ( Persian : گميك وسطي‎ , also Romanized as Gomyek - e Vosţá ; also known as Gomīk and Gom Yek ) is a village in Holayjan Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Khuran - e Sofla ( Persian : خوران سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Khūrān - e Soflá ) is a village in Nabovat Rural District , in the Central District of Eyvan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
West Meon is a small village and civil parish in Hampshire , England , with a population of 749 people as of the last UK census .
Barker 's Bush is a forest located in the Grand River watershed near the banks of the Nith River in the community of Paris , County of Brant , Ontario , Canada .
The Columbushaus ( Columbus House ) was a nine - storey modernist office and shopping building in Potsdamer Platz in Berlin , designed by Erich Mendelsohn and completed in 1932 .
The Duitse Huis ( English : Teutonic House ) is a complex of buildings in the city of Utrecht , Netherlands , protected as a national monument .
The Muurola railway station , elevation 38 metres above sea level , is located in the district of Muurola in the city of Rovaniemi in Lapland , Finland .
Barrud Rural District ( Persian : دهستان بررود‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Kuhsorkh District , Kashmar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
In 2006 , the Council for Transport and Public Works and the Environment Board issued a joint opinion stating that Amsterdam and Almere should become conjoined cities with the IJmeer as a ' Central Park ' .
Sompting is a village and civil parish in the coastal Adur District of West Sussex , England between Lancing and Worthing .
Sirbenuiyeh ( Persian : سيربنوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Sīrbenū’īyeh ) is a village in Javaran Rural District , Hanza District , Rabor County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Galtellì ( ( ɡaltelˈli ) ; Sardinian : Garteddi ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Nuoro in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 140 kilometres ( 87 mi ) northeast of Cagliari and about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) northeast of Nuoro .
The Dr. William D. Young Memorial is a drinking fountain and memorial that was erected on the eastern border of Kew Gardens in Toronto , Canada in August 1920 by residents of the Beaches neighbourhood .
Brampton Bryan is a small village and civil parish situated in north Herefordshire , England close to the Shropshire and Welsh borders .
Twins Days is a festival for biological twins ( and other multiples , e.g. triplets , quads ) which has taken place every summer since 1976 in Twinsburg , Ohio , when the festival was founded by Revco 's Charles R. DeHaven .
Nurabad - e Do ( Persian : نور آباد2‎ , also Romanized as Nūrābād - e Do ; also known as Nūrābād ) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District , in the Central District of Kahnuj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kolah Bakhsh ( Persian : كلاه بخش‎ , also Romanized as Kolāh Bakhsh ) is a village in Sang Bast Rural District , in the Central District of Fariman County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
İscehisar is a town and district of Afyonkarahisar Province in the Aegean region of Turkey , on the road between the city of Afyon and Ankara .
Near North Career Metropolitan High School ( also known as Near North Career Magnet High School ) was a public 4 - -year vocational magnet high school located in the Old Town neighborhood on the Near North Side of Chicago , Illinois , United States .
The Oltrepò Pavese ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˌoltreˈpɔ ppaˈveːze ) ; Western Lombard : Ultrepò Paves ) is an area of the Province of Pavia , in the north - west Italian region of Lombardy , which lies to the south of the river Po .
Ioulis or Ioulida ( Greek : Ιουλίς , Ιουλίδα ) , locally called Khora ( Greek : Χώρα ) like the main towns of most Greek islands and sometimes known by the island name of Kea or Keos ( or earlier Zea ) , is the capital of the island of Kea in the Cyclades .
Qeshlaq Amir Khanlu - ye Moharramabad ( Persian : قشلاق اميرخانلومحرم اباد‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq Amīr Khānlū - ye Moḩarramābād ; also known as Qeshlāq - e Amīr Khānī ) is a village in Mahmudabad Rural District , Tazeh Kand District , Parsabad County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Mont Bellevue is a peak that rises to 333 metres ( 1,093 ft ) situated in a public park located in the borough of Mont - Bellevue in Sherbrooke , Quebec .
Bielcza ( ˈbjɛlt͡ʂa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borzęcin , within Brzesko County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Jalalpur Bhattian ( Urdu : جلال پُور بهٹياں‎ ) , is a city in the Hafizabad District of Pakistan .
Nemotice is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Vyškov District located in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic .
Skodje ( Pronunciation : ( skɔʏə ) or ( skøʏə ) ) is a municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Port Bell is located in Nakawa Division , one of the five administrative divisions of the city of Kampala .
The Burroughes Building is located at 639 Queen Street West , Toronto , Ontario Canada M5V 2B7
Carmel Adventist College is a Seventh - day Adventist secondary school in Carmel , a suburb of Perth , Western Australia .
The Altaville Grammar School in Altaville , California is one of the oldest grammar schools in California .
WXME ( 780 AM ) is a radio station located in Monticello , Maine , United States serving the Northern Maine market and broadcasts a Classic Country format .
Gråsjøen is a lake / reservoir in the municipality of Surnadal ( and a very small part in the northeastern corner of the lake is in Rindal ) in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Kahiya ( Persian : كهيا‎ , also Romanized as Kahyā ; also known as Kahbā and Kakhiya ) is a village in Dast Jerdeh Rural District , Chavarzaq District , Tarom County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
WNTS is an AM radio station owned by Marvin Kosofosky 's Continental Broadcast Group , L.L.C. , in Indianapolis , Indiana , U.S. , though technically licensed in Beech Grove , Indiana .
Wólka Pokłonna ( ˈvulka pɔˈkwɔnna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raków , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Cotswold Airport ( ICAO : EGBP ) ( formerly Kemble Airfield ) is a private general aviation airport , near the village of Kemble in Gloucestershire , England .
Majdian ( Persian : مجديان‎ , also Romanized as Majdīān , Majdeyān , and Majdiyan ) is a village in Salehan Rural District , in the Central District of Khomeyn County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Wells Japanese Garden is a small Japanese garden located on Lindsay Street in Newberry , South Carolina .
Saint Antoine Street ( French : rue Saint - Antoine ) is a street located in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
The Atlas Computer Laboratory on the Harwell , Oxfordshire campus shared by the Harwell Laboratory was one of the major computer laboratories in the world , which operated between 1961 and 1975 to provide a service to British scientists at a time when powerful computers were not usually available .
Porthoustock is a hamlet near St Keverne in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom , on the east coast of Lizard Peninsula .
Bettingen ( Swiss German : Bettige ) is a municipality in the canton of Basel - Stadt in Switzerland .
The Guvernment was a nightclub complex in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Duck Run Cable Suspension Bridge , also known as Trubada Swinging Bridge , is a historic cable suspension bridge bridge that spans the Little Kanawha River at Trubada , Gilmer County , West Virginia .
Tres Picachos ( English : The Three Peaks ) is one of the highest peaks in Puerto Rico at 1,205 meters ( 3,953 ft ) .
Burton Bradstock is a village and civil parish in West Dorset , England , situated approximately 2.5 miles ( 4.0 km ) southeast of Bridport and 0.5 miles ( 0.80 km ) inland from the English Channel at Chesil Beach .
Miami Valley Gaming , formerly Lebanon Raceway , is a racino in Lebanon , Ohio The track conducts seasonal live racing on Wednesday , Thursday , Friday and Saturday and Sunday nights .
Norwegian National Road 168 ( Norwegian : Riksvei 168 ) is a major route between Bærum and Oslo , Norway .
Godar Shah ( Persian : گدارشاه‎ , also Romanized as Godār Shāh ) is a village in Kuh Shah Rural District , Ahmadi District , Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Gournay - sur - Marne is a commune in the eastern suburbs of Paris , France in the Seine - Saint - Denis department .
Hoar Tavern is a historic tavern northeast of downtown Lincoln on MA 2 in Lincoln , Massachusetts .
Bassenthwaite is a village and civil parish in the Borough of Allerdale in Cumbria , England .
The Twin Towers Correctional Facility , also referred to in the media as Twin Towers Jail , is a complex erected in Los Angeles , California .
Karchowice ( karxɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbrosławice , within Tarnowskie Góry County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Hundon is a village and civil parish in the Borough of St Edmundsbury in the English county of Suffolk .
Vărșag ( Hungarian : Székelyvarság or colloquially Varság , Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈvɒrʃaːɡ ) ) is a commune in Harghita County , Romania .
Oakey Army Aviation Centre ( IATA : OKY , ICAO : YBOK ) is situated approximately 3 km ( 1.9 mi ) from the town centre of Oakey in Queensland , Australia .
Oak Orchard State Marine Park is a state park located at the mouth of Oak Orchard Creek at Lake Ontario in the Town of Carlton in Orleans County , New York , USA .
Cles ( German : Glöß ; Nones : Clés ) is a town and comune in Trentino , in the Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol region of northern Italy .
Old Gala House is a museum and conference centre situated in the Old Town area of Galashiels in the Scottish Borders .
Kamran - e Beyg Reza ( Persian : كامران بيگ رضا‎ , also Romanized as Kāmrān - e Beyg Rez̤ā ) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District , Gahvareh District , Dalahu County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Baq ( Persian : بق‎ ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Damghan County , Semnan Province , Iran .
CJAW - FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting at 103.9 FM in Moose Jaw , Saskatchewan with a hot adult contemporary format branded as Mix 103.9 FM .
Neap is a small village in the east coast of the Mainland of the Shetland Islands , Scotland .
Okmulgee State Park is an Oklahoma state park in Okmulgee County , Oklahoma in the United States .
Sparta / Fort McCoy Airport ( IATA : CMY , ICAO : KCMY , FAA LID : CMY ) is a public and military use airport located in Monroe County , Wisconsin , three nautical miles ( 6 km ) northeast of Sparta .
Deh Gol ( Persian : ده گل‎ ) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Shanqal - e Khaldi ( Persian : شنقال خالدي‎ , also Romanized as Shanqāl - e Khāldī ) is a village in Direh Rural District , in the Central District of Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Isabella Ranger Station is a complex of 21 buildings in Stony River Township , Minnesota , United States , near the town of Isabella .
St. John 's Park was a 19th - century park , and the neighborhood of townhouses around it , in what is now the Tribeca neighborhood of Lower Manhattan , New York City .
Carlton Barracks is a military installation in Leeds in West Yorkshire , England .
Baghun ( Persian : باغون‎ , also Romanized as Bāghūn ) is a village in Gohreh Rural District , Fin District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Elwood Bar was built in 1936 at 2100 Woodward Avenue ( on the corner of Woodward and Elizabeth ) in Detroit , Michigan and is now located at 300 East Adams Street .
John Carney Agricultural Complex is a historic farm complex located at Greenville , New Castle County , Delaware .
Mackessack Park is a football ground in the town of Rothes , Scotland .
Grands - Jardins National Park is a provincial park in Quebec , Canada , located in the Lac - Pikauba Unorganized Territory .
Chestnut Ridge Natural Area Preserve is a Natural Area Preserve located in Giles County , Virginia , though privately owned by a couple in Bluefield , West Virginia .
Parque Chas is a barrio in Buenos Aires , Argentina , reinstated on 6 December 2005 through By - law No . 1907/06 .
Trustom Pond is a closed lagoon in South Kingstown , Washington County , Rhode Island , United States .
Baidar ech Chamout , Baïdar ech Chamoût or Beidar Chamout is a small village located 3 kilometres ( 1.9 mi ) northeast of Machgara in the Western Beqaa District of Beqaa Governorate in Lebanon .
Bastyr University is an alternative medicine university with a campus in Kenmore , Washington , and one in San Diego , California .
Nanva ( Persian : نانوا‎ , also Romanized as Nānvā ; also known as Bakhshābād ) is a village in Hokmabad Rural District , Atamalek District , Jowayin County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Obava ( Ukrainian : Обава , Hungarian : Dunkófalva ) is a village located in the Mukacheve Raion ( district ) in the Zakarpattia Oblast ( province ) in western Ukraine .
Baytown Airport ( IATA : HPY , ICAO : KHPY , FAA LID : HPY ) is a public - use airport located 3 nautical miles ( 5.6 km ; 3.5 mi ) north of the central business district of Baytown , a city in Harris County , Texas , United States .
The Karamanly House Museum ( also known as the Qaramanli House Museum , the House of Karamanly and the Tripoli Historical Exhibition ) is a historic house and museum located in Tripoli , Libya .
Byfleet is an inland island surrounded by waterways and a village of medieval origin that is today the most distant but contiguous suburb of the large town of Woking in Surrey , England .
Ban Saeo ( Thai : บ้านแซว ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Chiang Saen District , in Chiang Rai Province , Thailand .
Dionne Lake ( variant : DionneLake ) is a lake in Kivalliq Region , Nunavut , Canada .
Sørarnøy or Sørarnøya is a small island and village in the municipality of Gildeskål in Nordland county , Norway .
Mollinsburn is a settlement in the North Lanarkshire area of Scotland .
Khorunan ( Persian : خرونان‎ , also Romanized as Khorūnān ) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Gosfield Wind Project is a 50.6 megawatt ( MW ) wind farm in Kingsville , Ontario , consisting of 22 2.3 MW Siemens SWT 2.3 wind turbines with 49 meter long blades .
Ossowo ( ɔsˈsɔvɔ ) ( German : Ostau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubraniec , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Boll Weevil Monument in downtown Enterprise , Alabama , United States is a prominent landmark and tribute erected by the citizens of Enterprise in 1919 to show their appreciation to an insect , the boll weevil , for its profound influence on the area 's agriculture and economy .
The Atlantic Music Festival ( AMF ) is a classical music festival held every summer in Waterville , Maine , USA on the campus of Colby College .
São José dos Pinhais ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( sɐ̃w ʒʊˈzɛ dos pĩˈɲajs ) ) is a city in Paraná , Brazil .
Riggs Field is a 6,500-capacity soccer - specific stadium located in Clemson , South Carolina .
San Juan Islands National Monument is a U.S. National Monument located in the Puget Sound area in the state of Washington .
Baravand - e Sofla ( Persian : بروندسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Barāvand - e Soflá and Barevand - e Soflá ; also known as Barāvand - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District , Gahvareh District , Dalahu County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Sant Julià de Cerdanyola is a town and municipality in the comarca of Berguedà , in Catalonia .
Waniorowo ( vaɲɔˈrɔvɔ ) ( German : Vahnerow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfice , within Gryfice County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Itxassou ( Basque Itsasu ) is a village in the traditional Basque province of Labourd , now a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south - western France .
The National Center for Mental Health ( NCMH ) ( Filipino : Pambansang Sentro ng Pangkaisipang Kalusugan ) , is a 4200-bed psychiatric hospital occupying 47 hectares of land in the city of Mandaluyong .
Jiqeh ( Persian : جيقه ‎ , also Romanized as Jīqeh ; also known as Dzhiga , Jegheh , Jeqeh , Jeqqeh , Jiga , and Jīgheh ) is a village in Bedevostan - e Gharbi Rural District , Khvajeh District , Heris County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Little Lithodendron Wash ( also known as Carrizo Wash or Little Carrizo Wash ) is a stream located in Navajo County , Arizona , east of Sun Valley and west of the ghost town of Adamana .
Hollywood Palladium is a theater located at 6215 Sunset Boulevard in Hollywood , California .
Chushadestan ( Persian : چوشادستان‎ , also Romanized as Chūshādestān ; also known as Choosha Hanestan , Chūshāhestān , and Chushastan ) is a village in Kurka Rural District , in the Central District of Astaneh - ye Ashrafiyeh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Benimassot ( Valencian pronunciation : ( benimaˈsɔt ) , Spanish : Benimasot ) is a municipality in the comarca of Comtat in the Valencian Community , Spain .
Twentynine Palms Airport ( IATA : TNP , ICAO : KTNP , FAA LID : TNP ) is a public use airport located six nautical miles ( 11 km ) east of the central business district of Twentynine Palms , a city in San Bernardino County , California , United States .
Ilpenstein Castle ( Dutch : Ilpenstein , Huis te Ilpendam , Hof te Ilpendam ) was a castle of the Free and high Lordship of Purmerend , Purmerland and Ilpendam , located in Ilpendam ( Waterland ) in the north of the city of Amsterdam .
Eureka Opera House is an auditorium and convention center in Eureka , Nevada .
Stocki Młyn ( ˈstɔt͡ski ˈmwɨn ) ( German : Stocksmühle ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Pelplin , within Tczew County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
KXAC ( 100.5 FM ) is a radio station serving south central Minnesota with a satellite - fed syndicated oldies format from ABC Radio Networks .
Payanam is a village in kanyakumari district , Tamil Nadu next to Unnamalaikadai .
Eshmenan Talem ( Persian : اشمنانطالم‎ , also Romanized as Eshmenān Ţālem ; also known as Eshmenānz̧ālem ) is a village in Kateh Sar - e Khomam Rural District , Khomam District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Lambert 's Point Deperming Station is a United States Navy deperming facility located in the Elizabeth River just off Lambert 's Point , Norfolk , Virginia , United States .
WKYQ is a country music formatted radio station based in Paducah , Kentucky .
Greenleaf State Park is located near Braggs , Oklahoma , and is situated around the 930-acre ( 3.8 km2 ) Greenleaf Lake .
Kivarz - e Sofla ( Persian : كيورزسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Kīvarz - e Sofla ; also known as Kīvarz - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Borborud - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Löwenströmska lasarettet is a locality situated in Upplands Väsby Municipality , Stockholm County , Sweden , with a population of 518 in 2010 .
Palais Todesco is a Ringstraßenpalais in Vienna , Austria , constructed from 1861 to 1864 on plans by architect Theophil Hansen .
Gooloogong is a village located in central New South Wales , Australia .
The Johannesburg Art Gallery is an art gallery located in Joubert Park , in the central business district of Johannesburg , South Africa .
Dyer Avenue is a short , north - south thoroughfare in the Hell 's Kitchen neighborhood of Manhattan in New York City , located between Ninth Avenue and Tenth Avenue .
Łapy - Korczaki ( ˈwapɨ kɔrˈt͡ʂaki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapy , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Mithrapuram is a small village in Pathanamthitta district , Kerala , south india , and is 4 kilometers away from Adoor .
Teatro San Samuele was an opera house and theatre located at the Rio del Duca , between Campo San Samuele and Campo Santo Stefano , in Venice .
The San Xavier Indian Reservation ( O’odham : Wa : k ) is located near Tucson , Arizona , in the Sonoran Desert .
Bourbon Square Casino was a casino in downtown Sparks , Nevada .
Veľký Meder ( 1948 - -1990 Čalovo , Hungarian : Nagymegyer ) is a town in the Dunajská Streda District , Trnava Region in southwestern Slovakia .
Ebenezer Floppen Slopper 's Wonderful Water slides is an abandoned waterpark located on a large hill on Roosevelt Road and Route 83 in Oakbrook Terrace , Illinois .
Prairie Mission , also known as the Prairie Mission School and Prairie Institute , was a historic African American school in the community of Prairie , Alabama .
Public School Number Two is located in Paterson , Passaic County , New Jersey , United States .
Trzydnik Duży - Kolonia ( ˈtʂɨdnik ˈduʐɨ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzydnik Duży , within Kraśnik County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Santa Maria Maddalena is a Roman Catholic church in Rome , named after Saint Mary Magdalene .
The Anderson Japanese Gardens is a 12-acre ( 49,000 m2 ) Japanese garden located in Rockford , Illinois .
The Boundary Range , formerly known as the Boundary Mountains , is a subrange of the similarly named but much larger Boundary Ranges which run most of the length of the border between British Columbia , Canada , and Alaska , United States .
Targonie ( tarˈɡɔɲe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Regimin , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Thennampakkam ( Tamil : தெண்ணம்பாக்கம் ) is a revenue village in Cuddalore district in state of Tamil Nadu , India .
Sweet Briar College is a women 's liberal arts college in Sweet Briar , Virginia , United States , about 12 miles ( 19 km ) north of Lynchburg , Virginia .
Garmab - e Bala ( Persian : گرماب بالا‎ , also Romanized as Garmāb - e Bālā and Garmāb Bālā ) is a village in Kharturan Rural District , Beyarjomand District , Shahrud County , Semnan Province , Iran .
The Josiah Hess Covered Bridge No . 122 is a historic wooden covered bridge over Huntington Creek in Fishing Creek Township in Columbia County , Pennsylvania .
The Ware Center Historic District encompasses the historic civic center of Ware , Massachusetts .
Bozyazı is a town and district of Mersin Province on the Mediterranean coast of Turkey , 220 km ( 137 mi ) west of the city of Mersin .
Deh - e Poshteh ( Persian : ده پشته‎ , also Romanized as Dehposhteh ) is a village in Sarcheshmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Haarlemmermeer ( ˌɦaːrlɛmərˈmeːr ) is a municipality in the Netherlands , in the province of North Holland .
Nuthinaw Mountain is a mountain on the Stikine Plateau in northern British Columbia , Canada , located east of Tutsingale Mountain and 72 km ( 45 mi ) northwest of Dease Lake on the north side of Tachilta Lakes .
The Bay Village City School District is a public school district that serves Bay Village , Ohio .
Stouffville ( /ˈstoʊvɪl/ ) is the primary urban area within the town of Whitchurch-- Stouffville , Ontario , Canada .
Qarah Shiran ( Persian : قره شيران‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Shīrān and Qareh Shīrān ; also known as Karashinar and Qara Chenār ) is a village in Yurchi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Kuraim District , Nir County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Estadio de La Cartuja or officially Estadio Olímpico de Sevilla is a multi - purpose stadium situated in the Isla de la Cartuja in Seville , Spain .
Turtle Bay Exploration Park , located in Redding , California , is a museum complex that interprets the relationship between humans and nature .
The Fonde Recreation Center , often known simply as Fonde ( pronounced `` fon - DEE '' ) or Fonde Rec , is a public gym near downtown Houston , Texas .
Vicovaro ( Latin : Varia ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Rome in the Italian region Lazio , located about 45 kilometres ( 28 mi ) northeast of Rome .
Baldwin Hills Crenshaw Plaza ( also known as Baldwin Hills Crenshaw , or by its acronym BHCP ) is a shopping mall ( the first post - war retail complex in California ) in Los Angeles , California , owned and operated by the Capri Capital Partners .
Sanford Seacoast Regional Airport ( IATA : SFM , ICAO : KSFM , FAA LID : SFM ) is a public airport located four miles ( 6 km ) southeast of the central business district of Sanford , a town in York County , Maine , United States .
Maria Regina High School , commonly referred to as Maria , is an independent Roman Catholic all - girls high school in Hartsdale , New York in Westchester County .
The Wilson - Wodrow - Mytinger House is believed to be the oldest house in Romney and the oldest public office building in the U.S. state of West Virginia .
Zarneh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان زرنه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Zarneh District , Eyvan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Sar Khar ( Persian : سرخار‎ , also Romanized as Sar Khār ) is a village in Saroleh Rural District , Meydavud District , Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Chahar Rah - e Zirrah ( Persian : چهارراه زيرراه‎ , also Romanized as Chahār Rāh - e Zīrrāh ; also known as Chahār Rāh ) is a village in Mahur Rural District , Mahvarmilani District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Operation Plumbbob was a series of nuclear tests conducted between May 28 and October 7 , 1957 , at the Nevada Test Site , following Project 57 , and preceding Project 58/58A.
Lenox College was a college in Hopkinton , Iowa that operated from 1859 until its closure in 1944 .
The Shire of Mildura was a local government area located at the northwestern corner of Victoria , Australia , on the Murray River and the South Australian border .
Ilkadeh ( Persian : ايلكده‎ , also Romanized as Īlkadeh ) is a village in Goyjah Bel Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Eastman Monument is a public artwork by an unknown artist , located at Crown Hill National Cemetery , which is in Indianapolis , Indiana , United States of America .
Niwki Kraszowskie ( ˈnifki kraˈʂɔfskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzybórz , within Oleśnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Manitou Island Light Station is a lighthouse located on Manitou Island , off the tip of Michigan 's Keweenaw Peninsula in Lake Superior .
Montague Harbour Marine Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located on Galiano Island , one of the Gulf Islands off BC 's South Coast in Canada .
Krause Bottom is a riparian forest area on the Elwha River along the Geyser Valley trail in Olympic National Park , Washington .
Harrietfield is a village near Glenalmond in Perth and Kinross .
Deh Soleyman ( Persian : ده سليمان‎ , also Romanized as Deh Soleymān ; also known as Soleymān Shāh ) is a village in Gavrud Rural District , in the Central District of Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Gazan Band ( Persian : گزان بند‎ , also Romanized as Gazān Band ) is a village in Sina Rural District , in the Central District of Varzaqan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Zambrzyce - Jankowo ( zamˈbʐɨt͡sɛ jaŋˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutki , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Meyvan ( Persian : ميوان‎ , also Romanized as Meyvān ) is a village in Shiveh Sar Rural District , Bayangan District , Paveh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Seminole Heights United Methodist Church , also referred to as Seminole Heights Methodist or Seminole Heights UMC , is an active Methodist congregation and a historic , Gothic Revival style church building constructed in 1927 in the Old Seminole Heights neighborhood of Tampa , Florida .
Mikorowo ( mikɔˈrɔvɔ ) ( German : Mickrow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Area codes 819 and 873 are area codes for central and western Quebec , Canada , including the Quebec portion of the National Capital Region , and the entire Hudson Strait and Ungava Bay coastlines of Quebec .
Łebunia ( wɛˈbuɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cewice , within Lębork County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Hasanpur Luhari is a large village in the Shamli district of the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
The Hog Island Light was a lighthouse roughly marking its eponymous island , and thus the north side of the Great Machipongo Inlet on the Virginia coast .
Mukrz ( mukʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lniano , within Świecie County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Ajudanabad ( Persian : اجودان اباد‎ , also Romanized as Ājūdānābād and Ajūdānābād ) is a village in Abish Ahmad Rural District , Abish Ahmad District , Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
DB Draw is a railroad swing bridge crossing the Hackensack River between Secaucus and Kearny , in New Jersey , United States .
Dicle ( Ottoman Turkish : پيران , Kurdish : Pîran , Zazaki : Piran ) is a town and district of Diyarbakır Province , Turkey .
Bródek ( ˈbrudɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łabunie , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Monument Valley Park is a historic , recreational park in Colorado Springs , Colorado through which Monument Creek flows .
The Rumford Point Congregational Church is an historic church at the State Route 5 and U.S. Route 2 junction in Rumford , Maine .
KKXK ( 94.1 FM , Colorado Country 94 Kix ) is a radio station broadcasting a country music music format .
Cramond Island ( Scottish Gaelic Eilean Chathair Amain ) is one of several islands in the Firth of Forth in eastern Scotland , near Edinburgh .
The Manitou Springs Incline , also known as the Manitou Incline or simply the Incline , is a popular hiking trail rising above Manitou Springs , Colorado , near Colorado Springs .
Pony Creek Park is a park in Oak Township , Mills County , Iowa , United States , northwest of Glenwood .
The School of Toronto Dance Theatre is a Canadian dance school located in the Cabbagetown neighbourhood of Toronto , Ontario .
Mansuri Rural District ( Persian : دهستان منصوری‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Homeyl District , Eslamabad - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Kłodnica Dolna ( kwɔdˈnit͡sa ˈdɔlna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borzechów , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Maaria ( S : t Marie in Swedish ) is a former municipality of Finland in what is now the northern part of the city of Turku .
Zielińsk ( ˈʑeliɲsk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny , within Radziejów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Gol Margi ( Persian : گل مرگي‎ , also Romanized as Gol Margī ) is a village in Amjaz Rural District , in the Central District of Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kudki , Kurki or Kudaki is a small village in Jaitaran tehsil of Pali district in Indian state of Rajasthan .
Jack London State Historic Park , also known as Jack London Home and Ranch , is a California State Historic Park near Glen Ellen , California , United States , situated on the eastern slope of Sonoma Mountain .
Located at the bottom of the Royal Mile in Edinburgh , at the opposite end to Edinburgh Castle , Holyrood Palace has served as the principal residence of the Kings and Queens of Scots since the 16th century , and is a setting for state occasions and official entertaining .
Sundown Mounds is an multimound archaeological site in Tensas Parish , Louisiana from the Early Coles Creek culture .
Raniwara ( Hindi : रानीवाडा ) is a City in Jalore District of Rajasthan state in India .
Mamjin ( Persian : مامجين‎ , also Romanized as Māmjīn , Māmchīn , and Māmajīn ) is a village in Basharyat - e Gharbi Rural District , Basharyat District , Abyek County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Wild River Country is an outdoor water park located in North Little Rock , Arkansas , United States .
Baunogenasraid is an archaeological site and National Monument in County Carlow .
Three Wells Fargo Center is a 450 feet ( 137 m ) tall building in Charlotte , North Carolina .
Kala Gujran ( in Punjabi کلا گُجراں ) is a town and union council of Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan .
CFGM - FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a community radio / tourist information programing at 102.7 MHz ( FM ) in Caledon , Ontario .
The Davenport Crematorium is located in Fairmount Cemetery in the West End of Davenport , Iowa , United States .
Appomattox Manor is a former plantation home in Hopewell , Virginia , USA .
The Walter Pyramid , formerly known as The Pyramid , is a 5,000-seat , indoor multi - purpose arena on the campus of Long Beach State University in Long Beach , California .
Beguildy ( Welsh : Bugeildy ) is a small village and geographically large community in Powys , Wales .
Mueang Nga ( Thai : เหมืองง่า ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mueang Lamphun District , in Lamphun Province , Thailand . In 2005 it had a total population of 14,067 people .
Romodanovsky District ( Russian : Ромода́новский райо́н ; Erzya : Рамаданбуе ; Moksha : Ромодановань аймак ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the twenty - two in the Republic of Mordovia , Russia .
The Queens Museum , formerly the Queens Museum of Art , is an art museum and educational center located in Flushing Meadows - Corona Park in the borough of Queens in New York City , United States .
The Bradford R. Boss Arena is an 2,500-seat ice arena on the campus of The University of Rhode Island located in Kingston , Rhode Island .
South Tweedsmuir Island is one of the Canadian arctic islands located in Foxe Basin , off the southwest coast of Baffin Island , in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut , Canada .
Hajji Shureh ( Persian : حاجي شوره‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjī Shūreh ) is a village in Bilavar Rural District , in the Central District of Kamyaran County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Northern Highland - American Legion State Forest is a Wisconsin state forest of more than 225,000 acres ( 910 km2 ) across Vilas , Oneida , and Iron counties in north - central Wisconsin .
Parker Place ( 百家店 ) is a 61,000 square foot shopping mall in Richmond , British Columbia .
Kilmersdon is a village and civil parish in the north of Somerset between the towns of Radstock and Frome .
King 's Meaburn is a small village and civil parish in Cumbria , of 105 inhabitants .
Qaen County ( Persian : شهرستان قائن‎ , also Romanized as Ghayen ) is a county in South Khorasan Province in Iran .
Hollins - Roundhouse Historic District ( also known as B-5144 ) is a national historic district in Baltimore , Maryland , United States .
The Benjamin Aldrich Homestead is a historic homestead east of the terminus of Aldrich Road , slightly east of Piper Hill in Colebrook , New Hampshire .
Knight 's Pass is a mountain pass located in the KwaZulu - Natal province of South Africa near Utrecht .
Downtown Crossing is a shopping district that is a small part of downtown Boston , Massachusetts , located due east of Boston Common and west of the Financial District .
Osieki Słupskie ( ɔˈɕɛki ˈswupskʲɛ ) ( German Wusseken , Kreis Stolp ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Brown County State Park is located in the United States in the center of the southern half of the state of Indiana .
Qapqal Xibe Autonomous County ( simplified Chinese : 察布查尔锡伯自治县 ; traditional Chinese : 察布查爾錫伯自治縣 ; pinyin : Chábùchá'ěr Xíbó Zìzhìxiàn ; Xibe : Cabcal Sibe beye dasangga siyan , also transliterated as Chapchal ) in Ili Kazakh Autonomous Prefecture in northern Xinjiang is the only Xibe autonomous county of the People 's Republic of China .
Dwyriw is a community in the county of Powys , mid Wales .
The Brooklyn Trust Company was a New York City bank .
Mifflin County Courthouse is a historic courthouse building located at Lewistown , Mifflin County , Pennsylvania .
Mostek - Gajówka ( ˈmɔstɛk ɡaˈjufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wasilków , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Halehsam ( Persian : هله سم‎ , also Romanized as Haleh Sam and Halesam ) is a village in Shabab Rural District , in the Shabab District of Chardaval County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Stilwell / Cherokee Nation Airport ( FAA LID : O11 ) is a public airport located three miles ( 5 km ) southwest of the central business district of Stilwell , in Adair County , Oklahoma , United States .
Trier Hauptbahnhof is a railway station for the city of Trier , in the German state of Rhineland - Palatinate .
Aq Sin Tappeh ( Persian : اق سين تپه‎ , also Romanized as Āq Sīn Tappeh ) is a village in Jafarbay - ye Sharqi Rural District , Gomishan District , Torkaman County , Golestan Province , Iran .
St. Paul Baptist Church and Cemetery is a historic church and cemetery in Meeker , Oklahoma , United States .
Anthony Morris House is a historic home located near Norristown in Worcester Township , Montgomery County , Pennsylvania .
The Waterloo Wildlife Research Station is a 2,937-acre ( 11.89 km2 ) Ohio state wildlife area located in western Waterloo Township , Athens County , Ohio .
The Church of Our Lady of Laeken ( French : Église Notre - Dame de Laeken ; Dutch : Onze - Lieve - Vrouwekerk van Laken ) is a neo - Gothic Roman Catholic church in Laeken , Brussels .
Sheyang County ( simplified Chinese : 射阳县 ; traditional Chinese : 射陽縣 ; pinyin : Shèyáng Xiàn ) is under the administration of Yancheng , Jiangsu province , China .
Piaski Królewskie ( ˈpjaski kruˈlɛfskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów , within Sochaczew County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Barycz Nowa ( ˈbarɨt͡ʂ ˈnɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń , within Zwoleń County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The James A. Garfield School is a school building located at 840 Waterman Street in Detroit , Michigan .
The San Antonio Stock Show & Rodeo in San Antonio , Texas , USA is one of the largest livestock shows and rodeos in the country .
Shagonar ( Russian : Шагона́р ; Tyvan : Шагаан-Арыг Shagaan - Aryg ) is a town and the administrative center of Ulug - Khemsky District of the Tuva Republic , Russia , located on the left bank of the Yenisei River 124 kilometers ( 77 mi ) west of Kyzyl .
Pichah ( Persian : پيچاه‎ , also Romanized as Pīchāh ; also known as Pīchā '' ) is a village in Jirhandeh - ye Lasht - e Nesha Rural District , Lasht - e Nesha District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Chocień ( ˈxɔt͡ɕeɲ ) ( German : Landwehr ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogródek Pomorski , within Myślibórz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Southwood Junior - Senior High School is a combined Junior and Senior High School in Wabash , Indiana .
Velliangattu Pudhur ( also known as Kuravan Palayam ) is a small and remote village in Tamil Nadu , India , in the Gobi taluk , Erode district .
Tokoroa Hospital provides limited medical services for a population of approximately 22,800 people in the South Waikato District .
The Anna - Seiler - Brunnen ( Anna Seiler Fountain ) is a fountain on Marktgasse in the Old City of Bern , Switzerland .
Obergeis is a village in the municipality of Neuenstein , district Hersfeld - Rotenburg in the German State of Hesse .
Joaniów ( jɔˈaɲuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż , within Opoczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Purley Oaks railway station is in the London Borough of Croydon in south London , on the Brighton Main Line between Croydon and Redhill .
St. Martin Island is located off the Garden Peninsula in Delta County in the U.S. state of Michigan .
Divan Morad - e Sofla ( Persian : ديوان مرادسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Dīvān Morād - e Soflá ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Kahnuj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Khallikote ( ଖଲ୍ଲିକୋଟ୍ ) is a town and a Notified Area Council in Ganjam district in the Indian state of Odisha .
Nong Kathao ( Thai : หนองกะท้าว ) is a subdistrict in the Nakhon Thai District of Phitsanulok Province , Thailand .
The Ora Blanchard House is an historic house at the junction of Maine State Routes 16 and 27 in the center of Stratton , Maine , United States .
Owja Kolah ( Persian : اوجا كله‎ , also Romanized as Owjā Kolah ; also known as Owjā Kolā and Ūjā Kolā ) is a village in Kelarestaq - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Chalus County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
MFF Football Centre ( Mongolian : МХХ Хөлбөмбөгийн төв ) is a stadium in the independent municipality of Ulaanbaatar within Mongolia .
Khar Khun ( Persian : خارخون‎ , also Romanized as Khār Khūn ) is a village in Garmab Rural District , Chahardangeh District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Trollaskeinuten is a mountain in the municipality of Suldal in Rogaland county , Norway .
Fort Steuben was a fortification erected in present day Steubenville , Ohio in the 18th century to provide protection from Indians for the first surveyors to venture into the Northwest Territory .
The Estadio Jorge Basadre , previously known as the Estadio Modelo , is a multi - purpose stadium in Tacna , Peru named after historian Jorge Basadre .
Darvand - e Seh ( Persian : داروند3‎ , also Romanized as Dārvand - e Seh ) is a village in Direh Rural District , in the Central District of Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Qianjiang District ( formerly Qianjiang Tujia and Miao Autonomous County , simplified Chinese : 黔江区 ; traditional Chinese : 黔江區 ; pinyin : Qiánjiāng Qū ) is a district ( formerly autonomous county ) in the southeastern part of Chongqing Municipality in China .
The Round Valley Reservoir in Clinton Township in Hunterdon County , New Jersey , United States , was formed in 1960 when the New Jersey Water Authority constructed two large dams and flooded a large valley .
The 183A Toll Road or 183A is a toll road in the Austin metropolitan area of the U.S. state of Texas .
The Schönbuch Railway ( German : Schönbuchbahn ) is a branch line in the Stuttgart region of the German state of Baden - Württemberg .
The Times Square Theater is a former Broadway theater , located at 217 West 42nd Street , Manhattan , in New York City .
The Black Fox Nuclear Power Plant was proposed by the Public Service Company of Oklahoma ( PSO ) in May 1973 .
The Captain James Newman House is a historic home in Knox County , Tennessee , United States , located at 8906 Newman Lane .
Qazan Chal ( Persian : قزان چال‎ , also Romanized as Qazān Chāl ) is a village in Basharyat - e Sharqi Rural District , Basharyat District , Abyek County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Poitou - Charentes ( French pronunciation : ( pwatu ʃaʁɑ̃t ) ) is a former administrative region in south - western France .
Highline Botanical Garden is a 10.5-acre ( 4.2 ha ) community botanical garden located at 13735 24th Avenue South , SeaTac , Washington .
Baqerabad - e Samaleh ( Persian : باقرابادسامله‎ , also Romanized as Bāqerābād - e Sāmaleh ; also known as Bāqerābād ) is a village in Kivanat Rural District , Kolyai District , Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Armitage - Halsted District is a historic district in the Lincoln Park community area of Chicago , Illinois , USA .
Boone Dam is a hydroelectric and flood control dam on the South Fork Holston River on the border between Sullivan County and Washington County in the U.S. state of Tennessee .
Bethel Springs Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church on 3rd Avenue in Bethel Springs , Tennessee .
Visbek ( Old Saxon Fiscbechi or Fiskbeki ) is a municipality in the district of Vechta , in the Oldenburg Münsterland region of the state of Lower Saxony , Germany .
Administratively , Ujjelli is under Maganoor Mandal of Mahbubnagar District in Andhra Pradesh .
Adeney is a hamlet in the English county of Shropshire , in the civil parish of Edgmond .
The Royal Danish Academy of Music ( Danish : Det Kongelige Danske Musikkonservatorium ) in Copenhagen was founded in 1825 by Giuseppe Siboni from Forlì .
Kafaz ( Persian : كفاز‎ , also Romanized as Kafāz ; also known as Kaffāz - e Soflá and Kafās ) is a village in Doreh Rural District , in the Central District of Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Hampton Loade is a hamlet in Shropshire , England along the Severn Valley .
Gari Sheykh ( Persian : گري شيخ‎ , also Romanized as Garī Sheykh and Gerī Sheykh ; also known as Goor Sheikh and Gūrī Sheykh ) is a village in Khamir Rural District , in the Central District of Khamir County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Tang - e Gav ( Persian : تنگ گاو‎ , also Romanized as Tang - e Gāv ) is a village in Famur Rural District , Jereh and Baladeh District , Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Cavistrau ( or Brigelser Hörner ) is a mountain in the Glarus Alps , overlooking Brigels in Graubünden .
The Kerr Community Center , originally called Kerr Hall , is a community center located in Bastrop , Texas , United States .
The Poor House and Methodist Cemetery ( also known as the `` Falmouth Work House '' or `` Poor Farm '' or `` Town Infirmary '' or `` Falmouth Artist Colony '' ) is an historic poor house and cemetery on 744 Main Street in Falmouth , Massachusetts .
Fazan ( Persian : فازن‎ , also Romanized as Fāzan ) is a village in Sofla Rural District , Zavareh District , Ardestan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Lakurgan ( Persian : لاكورگان‎ , also Romanized as Lākūrgān ; also known as Lākūrgān Va Nokhvodkār ) is a village in Susan - e Sharqi Rural District , Susan District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Silver Towers are twin residential buildings in the Hell 's Kitchen ( also referred to as Clinton ) neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City .
The Mahanoy Plane was a railroad Incline plane located along northern edge of the borough of Frackville , Schuylkill County in the Anthracite Coal Region of Pennsylvania .
The Haas House is a building in Vienna at the Stock - im - Eisen - Platz .
The Blue Sulphur Springs Pavilion is a historic Greek Revival structure in Blue Sulphur Springs , West Virginia , United States .
The Tarra - Bulga National Park is a national park located in the south Gippsland region of eastern Victoria , Australia .
Bala Gabri ( Persian : بالاگبري‎ , also Romanized as Bālā Gabrī ; also known as Bālā Gīrī and Bālā Kobrá ) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Yopurga County is a county in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region and is under the administration of the Kashgar Prefecture .
The Lessing - Gymnasium Köln is a grammar school located in Zündorf , a suburb in the southern part of Cologne .
Square Tavern , also known as the John West House , The Square , and Newtown Square Tavern , is a historic tavern located at Newtown Square , Delaware County , Pennsylvania .
The Old West Austin Historic District is a residential community in Austin , Texas , United States .
Wharton State Forest is the largest state forest in the U.S. state of New Jersey .
KCCT ( 1150 AM ) is a radio station licensed to Corpus Christi , Texas .
Sitaphalmandi is well connected with the other localities of Hyderabad and Secunderabad by rail and road .
El Huecú is a third category municipality and capital of the Ñorquín Department , on the Provincial Road 4 , in the north of the Argentine province Neuquén .
St Margaret , New Fish Street , was a parish church in the City of London .
The Terre Haute Post Office and Federal Building is a historic structure in Terre Haute , Indiana .
Unisław Śląski ( uˈniswaf ˈɕlɔ̃ski ) ( German : Langwaltersdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieroszów , within Wałbrzych County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Rahimlui - ye Muran ( Persian : رحيملوي موران‎ , also Romanized as Raḩīmlūī - ye Mūrān ; also known as Raḩīmlū - ye Mūrān ) is a village in Azadlu Rural District , Muran District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Discovery Islands are the islands in the Discovery Passage between Vancouver Island and the mainland in British Columbia .
Teerns ( West Frisian : Tearns ) is a village in Leeuwarden in the province of Friesland , the Netherlands .
Anafotia ( Greek : Aναφωτία ; Turkish : Akkor ) is a village located in the Larnaca District of Cyprus , west of Larnaca .
The Sir John Carling Building was located along Carling Avenue at the Central Experimental Farm , in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Gaighata ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) ( SC ) is part of No . 14 Bangaon ( Lok Sabha constituency ) ( SC ) .
Thirlby Field , also known as Harry Running Stadium , is a 7,000-seat football stadium located in Traverse City , Michigan .
Dyjice ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈdɪjɪtsɛ ) ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Cromarty ( pronunciation : i/ˈkrɒmərti/ ; Scottish Gaelic : Cromba , IPA : ( ˈkʰɾɔumpə ) ) is a town , civil parish and former royal burgh in Ross and Cromarty , in the Highland area of Scotland .
Anjiran ( Persian : انجيران‎ , also Romanized as Anjīrān ) is a village in Khav and Mirabad Rural District , Khav and Mirabad District , Marivan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Tullibody Old Bridge , over the River Devon near Tullibody , Clackmannanshire , Scotland , dates from the early 16th century .
Miodusy Wielkie ( mjɔˈdusɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Bernardinuscollege is a comprehensive school in Heerlen , the Netherlands .
Dziemianówka ( d͡ʑemjaˈnufka ) , is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giby , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the borders with Belarus and Lithuania .
Trzebiełuch ( tʂɛˈbjɛwux ) ( German : Radmannsdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stolno , within Chełmno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Daejeon ( Korean : ( tɛdʑʌn ) ) is South Korea 's fifth - largest metropolis .
Pel Hava ( Persian : پل هوا‎‎ , also Romanized as Pel Havā ; also known as Pelleh Havā ) is a village in Robat Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Lindbergh Boulevard , named after the aviator , Charles Lindbergh , is a section of U.S. Routes 61 and 67 that extends through Missouri .
Within present - day Finland , Karjala refers to the regions of South and North Karelia , although parts of historical Karelia also lies within the region of Kymenlaakso ( Miehikkälä and Virolahti , Northern Savonia ( Kaavi , Rautavaara and Säyneinen ) and Southern Savonia ( Mäntyharju ) .
Gerusoppa is a village in Honnavar Taluk in Uttara Kannada District in the Indian state of Karnataka .
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa ( KP or KPK ; Urdu : خیبر پختونخوا‎ ; Pashto : خیبر پښتونخوا‎ ) is one of the four provinces of Pakistan , located in the northwestern region of the country .
Kushku ( Persian : كوشكو‎ , also Romanized as Kūshkū ) is a village in Qohab - e Rastaq Rural District , Amirabad District , Damghan County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Pruchna ( ˈpruxna ) is a village in Gmina Strumień , Cieszyn County , Silesian Voivodeship , Poland .
Chah Tus ( Persian : چاه طوس‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Ţūs and Chah Toos ; also known as Chād Ţūs , Chātūs , and Shatū ) is a village in Mahmeleh Rural District , Mahmeleh District , Khonj County , Fars Province , Iran .
Tang - e Kish ( Persian : تنگ كيش‎ , also Romanized as Tang - e Kīsh ) is a village in Hangam Rural District , in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County , Fars Province , Iran .
Gangnyi , Gangni , Gangnyixiang or Gangnixiang ( Chinese : 岗尼乡 ) is a village and township - level division of Amdo County in the Nagqu Prefecture of the Tibet Autonomous Region , in China .
Stublina ( Serbian : Стублина ) is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac , Serbia .
Luquan Yi and Miao Autonomous County ( Chinese : 禄劝彝族苗族自治县 ; pinyin : Lùquàn yízú miáozú Zìzhìxiàn ) is an autonomous county , under the jurisdiction of Kunming , Yunnan , China .
The Q Centre ( formerly Bear Mountain Arena ) is in Colwood , British Columbia , Canada .
The LaSalle Rail Bridge is a rail bridge that carries the former Illinois Central Railroad across the Illinois River in the small community of LaSalle , Illinois .
Kentridge High School is a ( senior ) high school that is located on 43 acres ( 170,000 m2 ) in Kent , Washington .
Stephen Pool Waltrip High School is a secondary school located at 1900 West 34th Street in Houston , Texas , United States , 77018 .
Toller Porcorum is a village and civil parish in West Dorset , England , situated in the Toller valley 10 miles ( 16 km ) northwest of Dorchester .
Eagle Cave is an onyx cave located near Blue River , Wisconsin , in Richland County , Wisconsin , United States .
The Fond du Lac State Forest is a state forest in Minnesota , USA , principally managed by the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources ( MDNR ) .
Chalandar ( Persian : چلندر‎ , also Romanized as Chelandar ) is a village in Baladeh Kojur Rural District , in the Central District of Nowshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Przybyszowy ( pʂɨbɨˈʂɔvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskie , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Claflin University is a private , coeducational , liberal arts institution located in Orangeburg , South Carolina , United States , about 40 miles ( 64 km ) southeast of Columbia .
The municipality was part of the Morges District until it was dissolved on 31 August 2006 , and Denens became part of the new district of Morges .
Baladeh District ( Persian : بخش بلده‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Nur County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Schmalkalden - Meiningen is a Landkreis in the southwest of Thuringia , Germany .
Michan ( Persian : ميچان‎ , also Romanized as Mīchān ) is a village in Mashhad - e Miqan Rural District , in the Central District of Arak County , Markazi Province , Iran .
WBQH ( 1050 AM ) is a radio station in the Washington , D.C. region , licensed to Silver Spring , Maryland .
Liberty Science Center is an interactive science museum and learning center located in Liberty State Park in Jersey City in Hudson County , New Jersey , United States .
Camden Friends Meetinghouse is a historic Quaker meeting house located on Commerce Street in Camden , Kent County , Delaware .
Seyyed Mordeh - ye Yusefi ( Persian : سيدمرده يوسفي‎ , also Romanized as Seyyed Mordeh - ye Yūsefī ; also known as Seyyed Mordeh ) is a village in Sar Asiab - e Yusefi Rural District , Bahmai - ye Garmsiri District , Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Bądków Pierwszy ( ˈbɔntkuf ˈpjɛrfʂɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przykona , within Turek County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
WBCI ( 105.9 FM ) is a radio station licensed to Bath , Maine , USA , the station serves the Portland , Lewiston--
Sud Khor ( Persian : سودخر‎ , also Romanized as Sūd Khor ; also known as Galā'm and Sūd Khvor ) is a village in Qalandarabad Rural District , Qalandarabad District , Fariman County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Dawes Road Cemetery is a Jewish cemetery in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Guzal Darreh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان گوزل دره‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Soltaniyeh District , Abhar County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Enndé is a village in the commune of Bandiagara in the Cercle of Bandiagara in the Mopti Region of south - east Mali .
Wade Landing Mound is an archaeological site of the Coles Creek culture ( 700 to 1200 CE ) in Caldwell Parish , Louisiana .
Wola Flaszczyna ( ˈvɔla flaʂˈt͡ʂɨna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zadzim , within Poddębice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Polk Street is a street in San Francisco , California , that travels northward from Market Street to Beach Street and is one of the main thoroughfares of the Polk Gulch neighborhood traversing through the Tenderloin , Nob Hill , and Russian Hill neighborhoods .
Hadsund Municipality was a municipality ( Danish , kommune ) in North Jutland County on the Jutland peninsula in northern Denmark until January 1 , 2007 .
Sutton St Edmunds is a village and civil parish in the South Holland district of Lincolnshire , England , about 14 miles ( 23 km ) south - east from the town of Spalding .
The Düssi ( or Piz Git ) is a mountain in the Glarus Alps , located on the border between the cantons of Uri and Graubünden .
Bad Kreuznach station is the largest station in the town of Bad Kreuznach in the German state of Rhineland - Palatinate .
Located on the edge of Howard and Miami counties in Indiana , Howard - Miami Mennonite Church is a historical Mennonite church affiliated with Mennonite Church USA .
Kahalabad ( Persian : كهل اباد‎ , also Romanized as Kahalābād ; also known as Kahlā , Kahlāābād , Kahlahābād , and Kahlehābād ) is a village in Khararud Rural District , in the Central District of Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Steyl is situated on the right bank of the river Meuse in Limburg ( Netherlands ) .
Chiguayante ( Spanish pronunciation : ( tʃiɣwaˈʝante ) ) is a Chilean city and commune in Concepción Province , Biobío Region .
Whitstone is a village and civil parish in east Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Bryngwyn is a village and rural location in Monmouthshire , south east Wales .
Parchlino ( parˈxlʲinɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barwice , within Szczecinek County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Zarangoli Run ( Persian : زرنگلي رون‎ , also Romanized as Zarangolī Rūn ) is a village in Margown Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Brasowe ( braˈsɔvɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Herby , within Lubliniec County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Nowa Wieś Książęca ( ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ kɕɔ̃ˈʐɛnt͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bralin , within Kępno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Luhe District ( simplified Chinese : 六合区 ; traditional Chinese : 六合區 ; pinyin : Lùhé Qū ) is one of 11 districts of Nanjing , the capital of Jiangsu province , China .
Glogue is a hamlet and post town , 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) north of Llanfyrnach , in the community of Crymych in the east of the county of Pembrokeshire , Wales .
The Williamsburg Houses , originally called the Ten Eyck Houses , is a New York City Housing Authority ( NYCHA ) development in the Williamsburg , Brooklyn neighborhood , New York City , New York .
Szemudzka Huta ( ʂɛˈmut͡ska ˈxuta ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szemud , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kalangani is a village in Tamil Nadu , India , located on the National Highway NH 7 , 11 km before Namakkal on the Salem to Namakkal route .
Nowe Piastowo ( ˈnɔvɛ pjasˈtɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc , within Sierpc County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Wasco State Prison - Reception Center ( WSP ) is a 634-acre ( 257 ha ) state prison located in Wasco , Kern County , California .
East Capitol Street is a major street that divides the northeast and southeast quadrants of Washington , D.C. It runs due east from the United States Capitol to the DC - Maryland border .
The Schedel Arboretum and Gardens is a well - preserved botanical garden and arboretum on the bank of a river in Elmore , Ohio in the United States .
Siedlce Governorate ( Russian : Седлецкая Губерния , Polish : Gubernia siedlecka ) was an administrative unit ( governorate ) of the Congress Poland .
The Palatine Hill ( Latin : Collis Palatium or Mons Palatinus ; Italian : Palatino ( palaˈtiːno ) ) is the centermost of the Seven Hills of Rome and is one of the most ancient parts of the city .
Węża ( ˈvɛ̃ʐa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korfantów , within Nysa County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Pińsk Ghetto ( Polish : Getto w Pińsku ) was a World War II extermination ghetto created by Nazi Germany for the confinement of Polish Jews living in the city of Pińsk ( now Pinsk , Belarus ) in the eastern territory of occupied Poland .
Köln Messe / Deutz station ( called Köln - Deutz until November 2004 , Colognian : Düx , pronounced ( dʏks ) ) is an important railway junction for long - distance rail and local services in the Cologne district of Deutz in the German state of North Rhine - Westphalia .
Ogard ( ˈɔɡart ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Barlinek , within Myślibórz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Cambuskenneth ( Scottish Gaelic : Camas Choinnich pronounced ( ˈkʰamas̪ ˈs̪kʲɛnɪl ) ) is a village in the city of Stirling , Scotland .
Gardekan ( Persian : گردكان‎ , also Romanized as Gardekān ) is a village in Ludab Rural District , Ludab District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Chégamat ( also written Chegamate ) is a village in the commune of Oued El Alenda , in Mih Ouensa District , El Oued Province , Algeria .
Podolsze ( pɔˈdɔlʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zator , within Oświęcim County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Challeh Khuni ( Persian : چاله خوني‎ , also Romanized as Chālleh Khūnī and Chelleh Khūnī ) is a village in Tula Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Dorothy Scott Airport ( FAA LID : 0S7 ) is a public international airport in Oroville , Washington , United States -- a city in the Okanogan region -- that was opened in August 1937 .
The Rayburn House Office Building ( RHOB ) is a congressional office building for the U.S. House of Representatives in the Capitol Hill neighborhood of Washington , D.C. , between South Capitol Street and First Street .
The Yalobusha River is a river , 165 miles ( 266 km ) long , in north - central Mississippi in the United States .
Mniszów ( ˈmniʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Brzesko , within Proszowice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Castlebythe ( Welsh : Cas - fuwch ) is a village and parish in Pembrokeshire , Wales , on the southern slopes of the Preseli Hills , 10 km south - east of Fishguard .
Pyramid Motors is a historic automobile showroom building located at Lynchburg , Virginia , United States .
The Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center ( also commonly referred to as UCLA Medical Center or `` the Reagan '' ) is a hospital located on the campus of the University of California , Los Angeles in Westwood , Los Angeles , California , United States .
Bar Aftab - e Sadat ( Persian : برافتاب سادات‎ , also Romanized as Bar Āftāb - e Sādāt ) is a village in Donbaleh Rud - e Shomali Rural District , Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Concrete - Central Elevator is a historic grain elevator located on the Buffalo River at 175 Buffalo River ( 750 Ohio St. ) Buffalo in Erie County , New York .
Nehzat - e Sofla ( Persian : نهضت سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Nehẕat - e Soflá ; also known as Nehẕat and Shāhrokhī ) is a village in Vahdat Rural District , Mugarmun District , Landeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Pike National Forest is located in the Front Range of Colorado , USA , west of Colorado Springs and including Pikes Peak .
The Patrick Creagh House is a historic home at 160 Prince George Street in Annapolis , Anne Arundel County , Maryland , United States .
The Gao Region is located in northeastern Mali .
The Cavanaugh Flight Museum is an aviation museum in Addison , Texas , with a non - profit 501(c)(3 ) status for aviation educational .
Dziadowo ( d͡ʑaˈdɔvɔ ) ( German : Dadow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfice , within Gryfice County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Junkerngasse ( `` Nobility Lane '' ) is a street in the Old City of Bern , the medieval city center of Bern , Switzerland .
Uherce Mineralne ( uˈxɛrt͡sɛ mʲinɛˈralnɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Угерці Мінеральні , Uhertsi Mineral’ni ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszanica , within Lesko County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Little Witley is a village and civil parish in the Malvern Hills District in the county of Worcestershire , England .
The Northolme ( known as the Gainsborough Martin & Co. Arena for sponsorship purposes ) is a football ground in Gainsborough in England .
Kaj Ab ( Persian : كج اب‎ , also Romanized as Kaj Āb ) is a village in Bakharz Rural District , in the Central District of Bakharz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Lancaster Cathedral , also known as The Cathedral Church of St Peter and Saint Peter 's Cathedral , is in St Peter 's Road , Lancaster , Lancashire , England .
Kwun Tong Garden Estate ( Chinese : 觀塘花園大廈 ) , or Garden Estate ( Chinese : 花園大廈 ) , is a public housing estate in Ngau Tau Kok , Kwun Tong , Kowloon , Hong Kong , developed by the Hong Kong Housing Society , near the MTR Kwun Tong Line 's Ngau Tau Kok Station .
Seh Choqa ( Persian : سه چقا‎ , also Romanized as Seh Choqā ) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District , Mahidasht District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Marzbani ( Persian : مرزباني‎ , also Romanized as Marzbānī , Marzabānī , and Marzebānī ; also known as Marzyānī ) is a village in Poshtdarband Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Siseni is a town and municipality in Gulmi District in the Lumbini Zone of central Nepal .
North Fork Pound Reservoir ( also known as North Fork of Pound Lake ) is a reservoir in Wise County , Virginia .
Budziwojów ( bud͡ʑiˈvɔjuf ) ( German : Baudmannsdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnów , within Legnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Cohen Stadium is a stadium on the Northeast side of El Paso , Texas , by the Patriot Freeway , next to the Franklin Mountains .
The Clipper Mountain Wilderness is a wilderness area in the Clipper Mountains within the eastern Mojave Desert , in northeastern San Bernardino County , California .
Algarah is a small town located at a distance of 15 km east of Kalimpong in Darjeeling district of West Bengal , India .
The Jenny Lind Tower is a stone tower located in North Truro , Massachusetts .
White Ridge Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , and is located 4 km east of Gold River on Vancouver Island .
Figueroa at Wilshire , formerly Sanwa Bank Plaza , is a 53-storey , 219 m ( 719 ft ) skyscraper in Los Angeles , California .
The D'Iberville Apartments is a complex of historic apartment buildings located in Mobile , Alabama .
The Earnest Farms Historic District is a historic district consisting of four historic farms and associated structures near the community of Chuckey in Greene County , Tennessee , United States .
The GEM Hotel brand is a neighborhood boutique hotel collection in Manhattan , New York City .
The Lower Sioux Indian Reservation , ( Dakota : Cansa'yapi ; Lakota : Čhaŋšáyapi ) also known as the Mdewakanton Tribal Reservation , is an Indian reservation located along the southern bank of the Minnesota River in Paxton Township and Sherman Township , Redwood County , Minnesota .
Tumiany ( tuˈmʲanɨ ) ( German : Daumen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Cadiz Springs State Recreation Area is a state park unit of Wisconsin , United States , featuring two reservoirs on a spring - fed creek .
Zadąbrów - Rudunek ( zaˈdɔmbruf ruˈdunɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Cape Canaveral Light is a historic lighthouse on the east coast of the U.S. state of Florida .
Ford End is a small village in the parish of Great Waltham half way between Chelmsford and Great Dunmow in Essex , England , comprising over 150 houses
Humnyska ( Ukrainian : Гумни́ська ) is a village ( selo ) in Busk Raion , Lviv Oblast of Western Ukraine .
Ernest Manning High School is a public senior high school located in the City of Calgary , Alberta , Canada and south of the Bow River .
Seyyed Jalal ol Din ( Persian : سيدجلال الدين‎ , also Romanized as Seyyed Jalāl ol Dīn ; also known as Seyyed Jamāleddīn ) is a village in Rezvan Rural District , Ferdows District , Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Khan Khökhii ( Mongolian : Хан хөхий , khan the blueish ) is a mountain of the Uvs Province in Mongolia .
Tol - e Sar Kuh ( Persian : تل سركوه‎ , also Romanized as Tol - e Sar Kūh and Tall - e Sarkūh ; also known as Tol - e Sarkūb ) is a village in Zirrah Rural District , Sadabad District , Dashtestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Chaliyam is a small village near Feroke in Kerala State , India . Famous Battle of Chaliyam was taken place here on 1571 against Portuguese . Revolutionaries broken the fort which was made by Portugal in here . Chaliyam is also famous for Khalasi
San Pedro Valley Observatory , originally called Vega - Bray Observatory is an astronomical observatory located on a small hill overlooking the San Pedro River Valley , just east of Benson , Arizona ( USA ) .
The Cox - Uithoven House ( also known as the Cedar Ridge Plantation , the Cox House , and the Dutch Village ) is a historic house in Columbus , Lowndes County , Mississippi .
Liberec District ( Czech : Okres Liberec ) is the district ( okres ) within the Liberec Region ( Liberecký kraj ) of Czech Republic .
Edwin Brown High School , also known as Edwin Brown Alternative High School , was an alternative high school in Redmond , Oregon , United States .
The Hugh T. Rinehart House ( also known as the Ron McCarty House ) is a historic house located near Uniopolis in Union Township , Auglaize County , Ohio , United States .
Profitis ( Greek : Προφήτης ) is a village and a community of the Volvi municipality .
Casa Panigarola ( or Casa dei Panigarola ) , also known as Palazzo dei Notai ( `` Palace of the Notaries '' ) , is a historic building of Milan , Italy , located in Piazza Mercanti , former city centre in the Middle Ages .
Bavan - e Vosta ( Persian : بوان وسطي‎ , also Romanized as Bavān - e Vosţá ; also known as Bavān - e Mīānī ) is a village in Bakesh - e Yek Rural District , in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Rejmanka ( rɛi̯ˈmanka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrzeszów , within Ostrzeszów County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Monticello Field is a former airport and military airfield , located approximately 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) northeast of Monticello , Minnesota .
Tidworth is a garrison town and civil parish in south - east Wiltshire , England , located along the A338 road and close to the A303 road .
Isfield is a small village and civil parish in the Wealden District of East Sussex in England , located north - north - west of Lewes .
Villa Udaondo is a town in Buenos Aires Province , Argentina , it is located in the Ituzaingó Partido in Greater Buenos Aires .
Long Beach City College , established in 1927 , is a community college located in Long Beach , California .
CFBO - FM is a French language Canadian radio station broadcasting in Moncton , New Brunswick at 90.7 FM .
The Mary Nohl Art Environment ( also called the Fox Point Art Yard , Fox Point Witch 's house and Mary Nohl 's house ) is a residence in the Milwaukee suburb of Fox Point , Wisconsin .
Trescore Balneario is a town and comune in the Province of Bergamo , Lombardy , northern Italy .
Umak Island ( Aleut : Uhmax̂ ) is an island lying in a group of small islands situated between Adak Island and Atka Island in the Andreanof Islands group of the Aleutian Islands of Alaska .
Sânpetru Mare ( `` Greater St. Peter '' ; Hungarian : Nagyszentpéter ) is a commune in Timiș County , Romania .
Toros Ab ( Persian : ترس اب‎ , also Romanized as Toros Āb ; also known as Torsh Āb and Turushāb ) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District , Shusef District , Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Mount Finke is a monadnock in the locality of Yellabinna near Ceduna in South Australia .
Dolhasca ( Romanian pronunciation : ( dolˈhaska ) ) is a town in Suceava County , north - eastern Romania .
Ulikowo ( uliˈkɔvɔ ) ( German : Wulkow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stargard Szczeciński , within Stargard County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Khan Koshteh ( Persian : خان كشته‎ , also Romanized as Khān Koshteh ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Ramhormoz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Zingzingbar is a road building camp and tea house situated 18 km from Bara - lacha - la on the Manali to Leh road in the Lahaul and Spiti district of Himachal Pradesh .
Teynal ( Persian : طينال‎ , also Romanized as Ţeynāl and Teynāl ; also known as Tenāl ) is a village in Gol - e Cheydar Rural District , Sarshiv District , Marivan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Company F State Armory , also known as the Waltham State Armory , is a historic armory building at Curtis and Sharon Streets in Waltham , Massachusetts .
Big Oak - Little Oak Islands is located along an old shoreline of Lake Pontchartrain in or near the Bayou Sauvage National Wildlife Refuge within the city limits of New Orleans , Louisiana .
Little Finborough is a small village in Suffolk , England about 3.5 miles ( 6 km ) south - west of Stowmarket .
The Mary McLeod Bethune Council House National Historic Site preserves the house of Mary McLeod Bethune , located in Northwest Washington , D.C. , at 1318 Vermont Avenue NW .
WBLL ( 1390 AM ) is an American radio station in Bellefontaine , Ohio .
Plutonic Airport ( ICAO : YPLU ) serves the Plutonic Gold Mine , Western Australia .
Khoshi District is located in the East part of Logar Province , Afghanistan .
Queensborough Community College ( QCC ) , is one of seven community colleges within the City University of New York ( CUNY ) system .
Valman ( Persian : والمان‎ , also Romanized as Vālmān and Wālmān ; also known as Valīman ) is a village in Taraznahid Rural District , in the Central District of Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Charles Fehr Round Barn is a round barn in the U.S. state of Illinois near the Stephenson County village of Orangeville .
Central El Paso is part of the city of El Paso , Texas , USA , and contains some of the city 's oldest and most historic neighborhoods .
Keystone College is a small private liberal arts and sciences college located in Northeastern Pennsylvania .
Annopole Stare ( annɔˈpɔlɛ ˈstarɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduńska Wola , within Zduńska Wola County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Gollar Qarah Sufi ( Persian : گللرقره صوفي‎ , also Romanized as Gollar Qarah Şūfī ; also known as Gollar and Qarah Şūfī ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Jonubegharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Laguna Blanca School is a private school located on two different campuses , in Santa Barbara and nearby Montecito , California .
Łówkówiec ( wufˈkuvjɛt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn , within Krotoszyn County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Orcas Island Airport ( IATA : ESD , ICAO : KORS , FAA LID : ORS ) is a public airport located 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ; 1.2 mi ) north of the central business district of Eastsound on Orcas Island in San Juan County , Washington , United States .
Dun Carloway ( Scottish Gaelic : Dùn Chàrlabhaigh ) is a broch situated in the district of Carloway , on the west coast of the Isle of Lewis , Scotland ( grid reference NB18994122 ) .
Armour 's Warehouse , also known as the Seneca Grain Elevator or the Hogan 's North Elevator , is a historic grain elevator located in the village of Seneca , Illinois , USA .
Uzmaston is a small parish in Pembrokeshire , Wales , about 2 kilometres south - east of Haverfordwest .
WBLK is an Urban contemporary FM radio station licensed to Depew that serves Buffalo , New York , Western New York and the Niagara Region ( as well as a portion of the Greater Toronto Area ) of Ontario , Canada .
Mulali ( Persian : موللي‎ , also Romanized as Mūlalī ; also known as Mowlūlī ) is a village in Susan - e Sharqi Rural District , Susan District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Croton River ( /ˈkroʊtən/ KROH - tən ) is a river in southern New York that begins where its eastern and western tributaries join downstream from the Croton Falls Reservoir .
The Dakota Zoo is a zoo in Bismarck , North Dakota located on the banks of the Missouri River , it is the third zoo built in North Dakota .
Qaleh Dozdan ( Persian : قلعه دزدان‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh Dozdān ; also known as Qal``eh Yazdān ) is a village in Taghenkoh - e Shomali Rural District , Taghenkoh District , Firuzeh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 1,147 , in 290 families .
Chesapeake Baptist College & Seminary is an Independent Fundamental Baptist , liberal arts college , graduate school , and seminary located in Severn , Maryland , United States .
James Caldwell High School is a four - year comprehensive public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grades in West Caldwell , in Essex County , New Jersey , United States , operating as the lone secondary school of the Caldwell - West Caldwell Public Schools , which serves students from both Caldwell and West Caldwell .
The Capricornia Correctional Centre is located in Central Queensland , Australia , and services mainly the Rockhampton and Central Queensland areas .
Lakeside Nature Reserve is a small Site of Local Importance for Nature Conservation in Church End , Finchley in the London Borough of Barnet .
The first ( Container City I ) was installed in 2001 , in four days , and fitted out over five months , at Trinity Buoy Wharf , in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets .
Hamernia ( xaˈmɛrɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Józefów , within Biłgoraj County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Kawuneeche Valley is a marshy valley of the Colorado River near its beginning .
Mathaganeri is a village in Tirunelveli District , Tamil Nadu , India . It 's also calleds as Mathaganaloor . Mathagai Mutharamman temple , Sriman Narayana swamy temple , manthai sudalaimada swamy temple , Manna raja temple , Isakkiyamman temple , Therkathiyan and more 20 temples famous in Mathaganeri .
Luxley is a village in the southwest Midlands of England , on the border between Gloucestershire and Herefordshire near May Hill .
Buckingham Friends School , a private Quaker school in Lahaska , Pennsylvania was founded in 1794 .
Duchowo ( duˈxɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milicz , within Milicz County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Wola Siennicka ( ˈvɔla ɕenˈnit͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica Różana , within Krasnystaw County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Gendt is a city in Gelderland in the municipality of Lingewaard .
Brackett Field ( IATA : POC , ICAO : KPOC ) is a public airport located one mile ( 2 km ) southwest of La Verne , in Los Angeles County , California , USA .
Elsen is a village in Germany that forms a part of the city Paderborn in North Rhine - Westphalia .
The Whitehall Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in Whitehall Township , Lehigh County , Pennsylvania in the United States .
It is in Madhepura district . Bihariganj ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) ( Hindi : बिहारिगंज विधान सभा निर्वाचन क्षेत्र ) is an assembly constituency in Madhepura district in the Indian state of Bihar .
Pir Aziz ( Persian : پيرعزيز‎ , also Romanized as Pīr `` Azīz ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Sharqi Rural District , Shadian District , Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 31 , in 6 families .
Bullyard is a small rural town located off the Bruce Highway in central Queensland , Australia , approximately 37 kilometres ( 23 mi ) west of Bundaberg and 358 kilometres ( 222 mi ) north - west of Brisbane , the state capital .
Sarbsk ( sarpsk ) ( German : Sarsen ; before 1937 : Sarbske ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wicko , within Lębork County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Sankhar is a Village Development Committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal .
535 Mission Street is an office skyscraper in the South of Market district of San Francisco , California , opened in November 2014 , with 27 stories rising 378 ft ( 115 m ) above street level .
Wólka - Konstancja ( ˈvulka kɔnsˈtant͡sja ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stanisławów , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Haft Cheshmeh - ye Jahanshah ( Persian : هفت چشمه جهانشاه‎ , also Romanized as Haft Cheshmeh - ye Jahānshāh ; also known as Jahānshāh ) is a village in Gowavar Rural District , Govar District , Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Alcorcón ( Spanish pronunciation : ( alkorˈkon ) ) is a city in the south - west of the Madrid metropolitan area , Spain .
Dehdez Rural District ( Persian : دهستان دهدز‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
KWIT ( 90.3 FM ) , is the National Public Radio member station for Sioux City , Iowa and northwestern Iowa .
The Wannsee Railway ( German : Wannseebahn ) is a suburban railway in Berlin running from Potsdamer Platz via the Ring line station of Schöneberg to Wannsee station on Großer Wannsee , a lake after which it is named .
Ocean County Library is a public library system that serves 32 municipalities out of the 33 municipalities of Ocean County , New Jersey .
De La Guerra Plaza is a small park type area in downtown Santa Barbara , California located right next to the Santa Barbara News Press .
Żerkówek ( ʐɛrˈkuvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeg Dolny , within Wołów County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in southwest Poland .
Temozón Municipality is one of the 106 subdivisions of the State of Yucatán in Mexico .
National Flag Square ( Azerbaijani : Dövlət Bayrağı Meydanı ) is a large city square off Neftchiler Avenue in Bayil , Baku , Azerbaijan .
The Kal - Haven Trail , formally known as the Kal - Haven Trail Sesquicentennial State Park , is a rail trail that originally ran 33.5 miles ( 55 km ) between South Haven , Michigan , to a point just west of the city of Kalamazoo , Michigan , where there is a trailhead .
Chisindia ( Hungarian : Keszend ) is a commune in Arad County , Romania . Chisindia lies in the southern part of the Sebiș Basin , at the foot of the Cuedului Hills , and it has a surface of 12928 ha .
Avajan is a commune in the Louron Valley in the Hautes - Pyrénées department in southwestern France .
The Forth Road Bridge is a suspension bridge in east central Scotland .
Amandów ( aˈmanduf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pietrowice Wielkie , within Racibórz County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland , close to the Czech border .
Ber Agur ( Persian : براگور‎ , also Romanized as Ber Āgūr and Bara Goor ; also known as Barāqūr , Berāgūr - e Bālā , and Berāgūr - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Blukat Rural District , Rahmatabad and Blukat District , Rudbar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Västerbotten County ( Västerbottens län ) is a county or län in the north of Sweden .
Pleșcuța ( Hungarian : Peleskefalva ) , a commune in Arad County , Romania , is situated in the Hălmagiu Basin , at the foot of Codru - Moma Mountains and Metaliferi Mountains , along the upper course of the Crişul Alb River .
Attre Castle ( Château d'Attre ) is a former castle , now a country house or château , in Attre in the municipality of Brugelette , province of Hainaut , Belgium .
The Flemish Region ( Dutch : Vlaams Gewest ; French : Région flamande ) is one of the three official regions of the Kingdom of Belgium -- alongside the Walloon Region and the Brussels - Capital Region .
Juni Kola ( Persian : جوني كلا‎ , also Romanized as Jūnī Kolā ; also known as Jūneh Kolā ) is a village in Ahlamerestaq - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahmudabad County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Beeghly Physical Education Center , or simply Beeghly Center , is a 6,300-seat multi - purpose arena in Youngstown , Ohio .
Rose Garden Heliport ( FAA LID : OG11 ) is a private heliport located in inner northeast Portland , Multnomah County , Oregon , USA .
Eagle Field at Veterans Memorial Park is a baseball venue in Harrisonburg , Virginia , United States .
Smyha ( Ukrainian : Смига ) is an urban - type settlement in the Dubno Raion ( district ) of Rivne Oblast ( province ) in western Ukraine .
Maniace ( Sicilian : Maniaci ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Catania in the Italian region Sicily , located about 130 kilometres ( 81 mi ) east of Palermo and about 45 kilometres ( 28 mi ) northwest of Catania .
The Beach - Knapp District encompasses a collection of six 19th - century buildings in the Chinatown neighborhood of Boston , Massachusetts .
Terra Alta Bank , also known as The History House , is a historic bank building located at Terra Alta , Preston County , West Virginia .
Finchley Catholic High School is a boys ' secondary school with a coeducational sixth form in North Finchley , part of the London Borough of Barnet .
Tai'erzhuang District ( Chinese : 台儿庄区 ; pinyin : Tái'érzhuāng Qū ) is one of five districts under the administration of the prefecture - level city of Zaozhuang .
Kuheh - ye Yek ( Persian : كوهه يك‎ , also Romanized as Kūheh - ye Yek ; also known as Kūheh and Kūh Ha ) is a village in Jahad Rural District , Hamidiyeh District , Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Stondon Massey is a village in south Essex .
Mount Clay is a peak located in Thompson and Meserve 's Purchase in Coos County in the Presidential Range of the White Mountains of New Hampshire .
L'Orignal Jail is a former jail in L'Orignal , Ontario , Canada built between 1824 and 1825 and decommissioned in 1998 .
Nieżychówko ( ɲeʐɨˈxufkɔ ) is a village in an administrative district of Gmina Białośliwie , within Piła County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Lekkum is a village in Leeuwarden in the Friesland province of the Netherlands .
Gavan Ahangar ( Persian : گاوان اهنگر‎ , also Romanized as Gāvān Āhangar ) is a village in Balatajan Rural District , in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The John Medica Gardens are a collection of folk art stoneworks and gardens created by John Medica in Santa Rosa , California in the United States .
Wola Ładowska ( ˈvɔla waˈdɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów , within Sochaczew County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Hastings Foundry - Star Iron Works is a historic foundry building in Hastings , Minnesota , United States .
Rakowo - Boginie ( raˈkɔvɔ bɔˈɡiɲe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątnica , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Xinlitun ( 新立屯),or Hsin - li - t’un , is a town within Heishan County in Jinzhou prefecture , Liaoning , China .
Seqizchi ( Persian : سقيزچي‎ , also Romanized as Seqīzchī ; also known as Chahār Khānevār and Seqarchī ) is a village in Khvoresh Rostam - e Shomali Rural District , Khvoresh Rostam District , Khalkhal County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Westfield Brandon , formerly known as Brandon Town Center and Westfield Shoppingtown Brandon , is a shopping mall located eight miles ( 13 km ) east of Tampa , Florida , in the suburban community of Brandon .
Podwody - Kolonia ( pɔdˈvɔdɨ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełchatów , within Bełchatów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Kopper 's Hotel and Saloon , also known as the Airedale Building , is a National Register of Historic Places listed building in Denver , Colorado .
Ciumeghiu ( Hungarian : Illye ; German : Egisberg ) is a commune in Bihor County , northwestern Romania with a population of 4,132 people .
Abpuneh ( Persian : اب پونه‎ , also Romanized as Ābpūneh ; also known as Āb - i - Pina and Āb Pā’in ) is a village in Rezvaniyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Tiran and Karvan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Ustjanowa Górna ( ustjaˈnɔva ˈɡurna ) ( Ukrainian : Устянова Горішня Ustianova Horishnia ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne , within Bieszczady County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Sequatchie Valley is a relatively long and narrow valley in the U.S. state of Tennessee and , in some definitions , Alabama .
Źrebięta ( ʑrɛˈbjɛnta ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów , within Łęczyca County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Athabasca River ( French : rivière Athabasca ) originates from the Columbia Glacier of the Columbia Icefield in Jasper National Park in Alberta , Canada .
Bay Pines National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located in Pinellas County , northwest of the city of St. Petersburg , Florida .
Chevron House , formerly called Caltex House , is a high - rise skyscraper located in the central business district of Singapore .
Kamiakin High School is a public high school in Kennewick , Washington , the second of three comprehensive high schools in the Kennewick School District .
Floors Castle , in Roxburghshire , south - east Scotland , is the seat of the Duke of Roxburghe .
Place d'Orléans is a large shopping mall in the eastern end of Ottawa , Ontario , Canada , in the community of Orléans .
Thirakoil ( Tamil : திறக்கோயில் ) is a village in Tellar ( Tamil : தெள்ளார் ) taluk in Tiruvannamalai ( Tamil : திருவண்ணாமலை ) district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Kinston Regional Jetport ( IATA : ISO , ICAO : KISO , FAA LID : ISO ) , also known as Stallings Field , is a public airport located three miles ( 5 km ) northwest of the central business district of Kinston , a city in Lenoir County , North Carolina , USA .
Arthur Voaden Secondary School ( often abbreviated as AVSS ) is a high school in St. Thomas , Ontario , Canada .
Lake Shetek is the largest lake in southwestern Minnesota , United States , and the headwaters of the Des Moines River .
Rye House railway station is in the Rye House area of Hoddesdon in Hertfordshire , England .
Buckland Airport ( IATA : BKC , ICAO : PABL , FAA LID : BVK , formerly 7K5 ) is a state - owned public - use airport located one nautical mile ( 1.85 km ) southwest of the central business district of Buckland , a city in the Northwest Arctic Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska .
Post & Telecommunication Hub ( also known as Guangdong Telecom Plaza ) is a 68-storey , 260 m ( 850 ft ) skyscraper in Guangzhou , China .
The Brelsford House ( also known as The Banyans ) was a historic home in Palm Beach , Florida , United States , located at 1 Lake Trail .
Cześniki - Kolonia ( t͡ʂɛɕˈniki kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sitno , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Warren Landing Lower Range Lights are a pair of range lights in Warren Landing , Manitoba , at the entrance to the Nelson River .
Wojny - Pietrasze ( ˈvɔi̯nɨ pjɛˈtraʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Kelso Multimodal Transportation Center ( also known as Kelso -- Longview and previously as the Kelso Burlington Northern Train Depot ) is an Amtrak train station located immediately south of Kelso , Washington , United States .
The Sea Cliff Bridge is a balanced cantilever bridge located in the northern Illawarra region of New South Wales , Australia .
West New York School District is a public school district serving students in kindergarten through 12th grade in West New York , New Jersey , United States .
Bozova ( Ottoman Turkish : بوزاووه Bozâbâd , Kurdish : Hewenc ) is a district of Şanlıurfa Province of Turkey , 38 km from the city of Şanlıurfa .
The Joachim Plambeck House is a historic house located in the West End of Davenport , Iowa , United States .
Istgah - e Sankhvast ( Persian : ايستگاه سنخواست‎ , also Romanized as Īstgāh - e Sankhvāst ) is a village in Miyan Jovin Rural District , Helali District , Joghatai County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Koukaki ( Greek : Κουκάκι ) is a southeast neighbourhood of the Municipality of Athens , Greece .
Qaleh - ye Esmaili ( Persian : قلعه اسماعيلي‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh - ye Esmā``īlī ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Lamerd County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 78 , in 21 families .
Mont - Terri Castle is a ruined castle above a prehistoric site at Mont Terri in the municipality of Cornol of the Canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Via Ardeatina was an ancient road of Rome leading to the town of Ardea , after which it is named .
Mashtan ( Persian : مشتان‎ , also Romanized as Mashtān ; also known as Mashtūn ) is a village in Balyan Rural District , in the Central District of Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
CHHP - FM is a tourist information radio station that operates at 103.7 FM in Cypress Hills Provincial Park , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Kiddie Coaster is the name of a steel roller coaster located at Lake Compounce in Bristol , Connecticut .
Raxwerke or Rax - Werke was a facility of the Wiener Neustädter Lokomotivfabrik at Wiener Neustadt in Lower Austria .
Metkazin ( Persian : متكازين‎ , also Romanized as Metkāzīn and Matkāzīn ; also known as Metkāzamīn ) is a village in Ashrestaq Rural District , Yaneh Sar District , Behshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Jean - Rabel ( Haitian Creole : Jan Rabèl ) is a commune located west of the city of Port de Paix and east of the city of Mole st Niclas Môle - Saint - Nicolas Arrondissement , in the Nord - Ouest Department of Haiti .
Dolní Město ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈdolɲiː ˈmɲɛsto ) ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Havlíčkův Brod District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Valley of the Gods is a scenic sandstone valley near Mexican Hat in San Juan County , southeastern Utah .
Llantysilio ( Welsh : Llandysilio - yn - Iâl ) is a community in Denbighshire , Wales .
The Texas County Courthouse is the historic courthouse serving Texas County , Oklahoma , located in the city of Guymon .
The Prescott National Forest is a 1.25 million acre ( 510,000 ha ) United States National Forest located in north central Arizona in the vicinity of Prescott .
St. John 's Episcopal School is a comprehensive Episcopal day school in Oklahoma City , USA .
The Dwight Street Historic District is an irregularly - shaped 135-acre ( 55 ha ) historic district in New Haven , Connecticut .
Pląskowice ( plɔ̃skɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fałków , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Brandon Academy Private School , or simply `` Brandon Academy '' or `` BA , '' is a coeducational private day school located on a 10-acre ( 40,000 m2 ) campus on Limona Road in Brandon , Florida that serves students in pre - kindergarten through eighth grade .
Bolugh ( Persian : بلوغ‎ , also Romanized as Bolūgh ; also known as Bolūk and Buluk ) is a village in Zanjanrud - e Pain Rural District , Zanjanrud District , Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Monte Patria is a city and one of four communes in the Limarí Province of Chile 's north - central IV Coquimbo Region .
The Early Winters Spires are two rock formations in the Liberty Bell Group of the North Cascade Range in Washington State , United States .
Band Alikhan ( Persian : بندعليخان‎ , also Romanized as Band `` Alīkhān and Band - e `` Alī Khān ) is a village in Behnamarab - e Jonubi Rural District , Javadabad District , Varamin County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 19 , in 10 families .
Sidney Island is one of the southern Gulf Islands located between the southwest coast of British Columbia , Canada and Vancouver Island , BC , near James Island .
Çandarlı is a coastal township with own municipality within the district of Dikili in western Turkey 's İzmir Province .
Library Hall in Carpentersville , Illinois , also known as Administration Building , Dundee Township Park District , is a Romanesque architecture style building built during 1895 - 1897 .
Elgyay ( Russian : Эльгяй , Yakut : Элгээйи ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the administrative centre of and one of two settlements , in addition to Bordon 3-y , in Elgyaysky Rural Okrug of Suntarsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia .
Coaling Island is an area of reclaimed land in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar .
WOLM `` Radio Maria '' ( for : Our Loving Mother ) is a non - commercial FM broadcasting station at 88.1 mHz licensed to D'Iberville , Mississippi and serving the D'Iberville and Biloxi areas .
Humboldt Bay Woolen Mill manufactured woolen cloth from 1901 to after World War II . The mill was listed as a National Historic Monument but demolished by the City of Eureka in 1987 .
WQHZ is classic rock formatted broadcast radio station in Erie , Pennsylvania .
Dungtoe Gewog ( Dzongkha : གདུང་སྟོད་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Samtse District , Bhutan .
Yachenahalli ( Kannada : ಯಾಚೆನಹಳ್ಳಿ ) is a panchayat town in Mysore district ( ಮೈಸೂರು ) in the state of Karnataka , India .
Richardson High School ( RHS ) is a high school in Richardson , Texas , United States with a 2011 enrollment of approximately 2500 and a student / teacher ratio of 14.5 .
Bernacice ( bɛrnaˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) is a village located in Poland , in the Opole Voivodeship , Głubczyce County and Gmina Głubczyce .
Grochowo Pierwsze ( ɡrɔˈxɔvɔ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztutowo , within Nowy Dwór Gdański County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Brzeziny - Janowięta ( bʐɛˈʑinɨ janɔˈvjɛnta ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadkowice , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Manzhouli ( Chinese : 满洲里 ; pinyin : Mǎnzhōulǐ ; Mongolian : Manǰuur ᠮᠠᠨᠵᠤᠤᠷ ᠬᠣᠲᠠ ( Манжуур хот ) ; Russian : Маньчжурия ) is a sub - prefecture - level city located in Hulunbuir prefecture - level city , Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region of the China ( PRC ) .
Liniewko ( liˈɲefkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tczew , within Tczew County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Pokr Vedi ( Armenian : Փոքր Վեդի ) is a village in the Ararat Province of Armenia .
Dazvanik ( Persian : دزوانيک‎ , also Romanized as Dazvānīk ; also known as Dūzdānīk ) is a village in Talang Rural District , Talang District , Qasr - e Qand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Brunswick Lion ( German : Braunschweiger Löwe ) is a monument and probably the best - known landmark in the city of Brunswick ( German : Braunschweig ) .
Twin Maples is an estate in Summit , Union County , New Jersey , United States , listed on the New Jersey Register of Historic Places and the National Register of Historic Places .
Pieterlen ( French : Perles ) is a municipality in the Biel / Bienne administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
Philippe Park is a Pinellas County park located in Safety Harbor , Florida .
The Hôtel d'Angoulême Lamoignon is a hôtel particulier , or grand private house , in the Le Marais district of the 4th arrondissement of Paris , at the corner of number 24 rue Pavée and the rue des Francs - Bourgeois .
The Bitterroot Valley is located in southwestern Montana , along the Bitterroot River between the Bitterroot Range and Sapphire Mountains , in the Northwestern United States .
The Coal Creek Patrol Cabin in Glacier National Park , Montana , is a rustic backcountry log cabin .
Goharak ( Persian : گهرک‎ ; also known as Gowharak ) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District , in the Central District of Kahnuj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Homer Airport ( IATA : HOM , ICAO : PAHO , FAA LID : HOM ) is a state - owned public - use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) east of the central business district of Homer , a town in the Kenai Peninsula Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska .
Fairgrounds Field is a ballpark located in Robstown , Texas .
The Northside United Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church in the Northside neighborhood of Cincinnati , Ohio , United States .
Kyloe is a civil parish in the county of Northumberland , situated about 8 miles ( 13 km ) south - east of Berwick - on - Tweed .
The Garner Mill was a historic grist mill and saw mill on Shoal Creek in Lawrenceburg , Tennessee .
The Manasquan Public Schools is a comprehensive community public school district that serves students from Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Manasquan , in Monmouth County , New Jersey , United States .
Nowa Święta - Osada ( ˈnɔva ˈɕfjɛnta ɔˈsada ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Złotów , within Złotów County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Bezławki ( bɛˈzwafki ) ( German Bäslack ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Reszel , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Capitol Riverfront is a business improvement district ( BID ) located just south of the United States Capitol between Capitol Hill and the Anacostia River in Washington , D.C. It was created by the District of Columbia City Council and approved by Mayor Fenty in August 2007 .
Baikonur ( Kazakh : Байқоңыр , Bayqoñır ; Russian : Байконур , Baykonur ) , formerly known as Leninsk ( also , see Tyuratam ) , is a city of republic significance in Kazakhstan on the right bank of the Syr Darya river , rented and administered by the Russian Federation .
Spirit of Peoria is a riverboat that normally runs in the Peoria , Illinois area on the Illinois River watershed .
Area code 845 is a telephone area code straddling the Hudson Valley region of the U.S. state of New York .
Ababsa ( also written El Ababsa ) is a suburb in the commune of Bayadha , in Bayadha District , El Oued Province , Algeria .
Jasrana is a town and a nagar panchayat ( a form of an urban political unit in India comparable to a municipality ) in Firozabad district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
KJZY is a radio station licensed to Sebastopol , California , with a frequency of 93.7 MHz . KJZY was begun in 1995 by Gordon Zlot , and remains under the ownership of his company , Redwood Empire Stereocasters , into 2006 .
The BB&T Pavilion is an outdoor amphitheater / indoor theater complex in Camden , New Jersey , United States , located in the Camden Waterfront entertainment district on the Delaware River across from Philadelphia .
Quedgeley is a suburb of Gloucester , England , situated southwest of the city .
Charterhouse Street is a street in Smithfield , on the northern boundary of the City of London , forming the boundary with both the London Borough of Camden and the London Borough of Islington .
Building at 28 - 34½ Academy Street is a historic apartment building located at Newark in New Castle County , Delaware .
Papillion Junior High is a junior high school in Papillion , Nebraska , which currently holds 7th grade and 8th grade .
Ostheim vor der Rhön is a town in northern Bavaria , in the district of Rhön - Grabfeld in Franconia .
Garstang is an old market town and civil parish within the Wyre borough of Lancashire , England .
The Barrier Ranges or sometimes the Barrier Range and historically the Stanley 's Barrier Range , is a mountain range that comprise a series of hills and higher grounds in the far western region of New South Wales , Australia , surrounding the city of Broken Hill .
St. Maries High School is a four - year public secondary school in St. Maries , Idaho , the only high school in the St. Maries Joint School District # 41 .
Jednaczewo ( jɛdnaˈt͡ʂɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomża , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Bayonne ( French pronunciation : ​(bajɔn ) ; Gascon : Baiona ( baˈjunɔ ) ; Basque : Baiona ( baiona ) ; Spanish : Bayona ) is a city and commune and one of the two sub - prefectures of the department of Pyrénées - Atlantiques , in the Aquitaine region of south - western France .
The Rural Municipality of Victoria is located in south - central Manitoba , north - east of Glenboro .
The Kent House , also known as Sydney Kent House or St. James Convent , is a Queen Anne style house located at 2944 South Michigan Avenue in Chicago , Illinois , United States .
KVSA ( 1220 AM ) is an American radio station licensed to serve McGehee , Arkansas , USA .
Tanyfron , also occasionally spelt Tan - y - fron , is a village in Wrexham County Borough in Wales .
The G. Wayne Clough Undergraduate Learning Commons ( Clough Commons ) is an academic building on the campus of the Georgia Institute of Technology .
Deka Lake is a freshwater body of water located in the Cariboo region of British Columbia .
Kiskunfélegyháza ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈkiʃkunfeːlɛchaːzɒ ) ; German : Feulegaß ) is a city in Bács - Kiskun County , Hungary .
The former District School No . 14 building is located on Academy Street in Pine Hill , New York , United States .
Bakanas ( Kazakh : Бақанас ) is a selo in Balkhash District in Almaty Region of south - eastern Kazakhstan .
The Men 's Gym on the campus of UCLA , now known as the Student Activities Center , is a 2,000 seat multi - purpose arena in Los Angeles , California .
Suszów ( ˈsuʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Telatyn , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Peschiera Borromeo ( Italian pronunciation : ( peˈskjɛːra borroˈmɛːo ) ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy , located about 12 kilometres ( 7 mi ) southeast of Milan .
Tejupilco de Hidalgo is the seat of Tejupilco Municipality in the State of Mexico , Mexico . It is located approximately 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) southwest of the state capital Toluca , along Federal Highway 34 .
Nambor Wildlife Sanctuary ( Assamese : নামবৰ অভয়াৰণ্য ) is a protected area located in Karbi Anglong district of Assam in India .
Tunb District ( Persian : بخش تنب‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Abumusa County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Mascali ( Sicilian : Màscali ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Catania in the Italian region Sicily , located about 170 kilometres ( 110 mi ) east of Palermo and about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) northeast of Catania .
Patavan ( Persian : پاتاوان‎ , also Romanized as Pātāvān ) is a village in Taher Gurab Rural District , in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Saint Isaac 's Cathedral or Isaakievskiy Sobor ( Russian : Исаа́киевский Собо́р ) in Saint Petersburg , Russia is the largest Russian Orthodox cathedral ( sobor ) in the city .
Siah Darvishan ( Persian : سياه درويشان‎ , also Romanized as Sīāh Darvīshān ; also known as Siyakh - Darveshan ) is a village in Hend Khaleh Rural District , Tulem District , Sowme'eh Sara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Larantuka ( Dutch : Larantoeka ) is a kecamatan ( district ) and seat capital of East Flores Regency , on the eastern end of Flores Island , East Nusa Tenggara , Indonesia .
Lobstick Lake became part of the Smallwood Reservoir , along with Michikamau Lake , upon the damming of the Churchill River in western Labrador , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
The George Fayerweather Blacksmith Shop is an historic homestead and blacksmith shop at 1859 Mooresfield Road on the eastern outskirts of the Kingston Historic District in South Kingstown , Rhode Island .
The Chesapeake Beach Railway Station is a historic railway station located at Chesapeake Beach , Calvert County , Maryland , United States .
U.S. Coast Guard Air Station San Diego ( CGAS San Diego ) is a Coast Guard Air Station based in San Diego , California , United States , across the street from San Diego International Airport .
Fort Pierre National Grassland is a United States National Grassland in central South Dakota , south of the capital city Pierre and its neighbor Fort Pierre .
The Lima Pennsylvania Railroad Passenger Depot ( also known as the `` Lima Train Station '' ) is a historic former train station in Lima , Ohio , United States .
KLVL is an AM radio station serving the Greater Houston , Texas area .
Bradshaw Mountain High School is a grade 9 - 12 school located in Prescott Valley , Arizona operated by the Humboldt Unified School District .
Srirampur Colony is a major suburb in Mancherial town in the Indian state of Telangana .
Walshausen is a German town in the Zweibrücken - Land municipality , in the Südwestpfalz district in the Rhineland - Palatinate .
Cookridge is a suburb of north - west Leeds , West Yorkshire , England .
Senganam ( Tamil : செங்காணம் ) is a village in the Avadaiyarkoilrevenue block of Pudukkottai district , Tamil Nadu , India .
São Cristóvão ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( sɐ̃w kɾisˈtɔvɐ̃w ) , Saint Christopher ) is a Brazilian municipality in the Northeastern state of Sergipe .
The Romaine River is a river in the Côte - Nord region of the Canadian province of Quebec .
Montemaggiore Belsito ( Sicilian : Muntimaiuri ) is a small town and comune located about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) southeast of Palermo , Sicily , in the Province of Palermo .
Sypin ( ˈsɨpin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątek , within Łęczyca County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Chenar - e Mishakhvor ( Persian : چنارميشاخور‎ , also Romanized as Chenār - e Mīshākhvor and Chenār - e Mīshākhor ; also known as Mīshākhor ) is a village in Dowreh Rural District , Chegeni District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Rowan College at Gloucester County ( RCGC ) , formerly known as Gloucester County College ( GCC ) , is an accredited , co - educational , two - year , public community college in Sewell , Gloucester County , New Jersey , established in 1966 .
6½ Avenue is a north - south pedestrian passageway in Midtown Manhattan , New York City , running from West 57th to West 51st Streets between Sixth and Seventh Avenues .
Meitanba Town ( simplified Chinese : 煤炭坝镇 ; traditional Chinese : 煤炭壩鎮 ; pinyin : Meítànbà Zhèn ) is an urban town in Ningxiang County , Changsha City , Hunan Province , China .
The Albert J. Zabriskie Farmhouse is located at the current address of 7 East Ridgewood Avenue in Paramus , Bergen County , New Jersey , United States , just east of New Jersey Route 17 .
The Honolulu Rail Transit Project ( also known as the Honolulu High - Capacity Transit Corridor Project ) is an urban rail rapid transit system under construction in Honolulu County , Oahu , Hawaii .
Decker Towers is an eleven - floor apartment building located at 230 St. Paul Street in Burlington , Vermont .
Starr Family Home State Historic Site is a 3.1-acre ( 1.3 ha ) historical site operated by the Texas Historical Commission in downtown Marshall , Texas .
Longnan County ( Chinese : 龙南县 ) is a county under the jurisdiction of Ganzhou Municipality , in Jiangxi province .
The Capitol Mall or Capitol Mall Boulevard is a major street and landscaped parkway in the state capital city of Sacramento , California .
The Harris Dental Museum is a small brick building in the village of Bainbridge in Ross County , Ohio , United States .
Aragonese Castle ( Italian : Castello Aragonese ) is a medieval castle located in Ischia , at the northern end of the Gulf of Naples , Italy .
Podpolichno ( pɔtpɔˈlixnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chęciny , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Kashanbeh - ye Lak ( Persian : كاشنبه لك‎ , also Romanized as Kāshanbeh - ye Lak ) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District , Mahidasht District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Donald W. Wyatt Detention Facility is a publicly owned , privately operated prison in Rhode Island , opened in 1993 and operated by the non - profit Central Falls Detention Facility Corporation .
Beth Sarim ( Hebrew בית שרים `` House of the Princes '' ) is a ten - bedroom mansion in San Diego , California , constructed in 1929 in anticipation of various resurrected Old Testament biblical patriarchs or prophets such as Abraham , Moses , David , Isaiah and Samuel .
Gelting is a municipality in the district of Schleswig - Flensburg , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Hunsonby is a civil parish in the Eden District , Cumbria 7 miles ( 11 km ) south east of Penrith .
Katy High School is a high school located in Katy , Texas which serves grades 9 through 12 .
Piłka - Młyn ( ˈpiu̯ka ˈmwɨn ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ryczywół , within Oborniki County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Trebudannon is a hamlet situated one mile south - southwest of St. Columb Major in mid Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Olbrachtówko ( ɔlbraxˈtufkɔ ) ( German : Klein Albrechtau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Susz , within Iława County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Cząbry ( ˈt͡ʂɔmbrɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skąpe , within Świebodzin County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Fults Hill Prairie State Natural Area , also known as the Fults Hill Prairie Nature Preserve , is an Illinois Nature Preserve on 997 acres ( 403 ha ) in Monroe County , Illinois , United States .
Estalakh Jan ( Persian : اسطلخ جان‎ , also Romanized as Esţalakh Jān and Esţalkh Jān ) is a village in Rahmatabad Rural District , Rahmatabad and Blukat District , Rudbar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Griffith Peak is located in the Spring Mountains in Clark County of southern Nevada .
The United States Army Soldier Systems Center ( SSC ) is a military research complex and installation in Natick , Massachusetts charged by the U.S. Department of Defense with the research and development ( including fielding and sustainment ) of food , clothing , shelters , airdrop systems , and other servicemember support items for the U.S. military .
Nowy Bartków ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈbartkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Caldwell University ( formerly Caldwell College and originally Caldwell College for Women ) is a Catholic liberal arts university in Caldwell , New Jersey , United States .
The Stanhope Public Schools is a community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through eighth grade from Stanhope , in Sussex County , New Jersey , United States .
Niemieryczów ( ɲɛmjɛˈrɨt͡ʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chotcza , within Lipsko County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Hamilton Farmstead is a historic farm complex and national historic district located at Mexico in Oswego County , New York .
The Guardian Building is a landmark skyscraper in the United States , located at 500 Griswold Street in Downtown Detroit , Michigan , within the Financial District .
John D. Dingell Park is located in Ecorse , Michigan along the Detroit River .
The Cache Creek Wilderness is a 27,245-acre ( 11,026 ha ) wilderness area located in Lake County , California .
Kanne ( Limburgish : Kan ) is a village in the municipality of Riemst in the southeastern part of the Belgian province of Limburg .
Karlıova ( Kurdish : Kanîreş‎ ) , is a town and district of Bingöl Province in the Eastern Anatolia region of Turkey .
Llanddew is a small village about 2 km or 1 mile north - east of Brecon , Powys , Wales .
Nieświastowice ( ɲɛɕfjastɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieścisko , within Wągrowiec County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Dreahook Creek is a left tributary of Holland Brook in Readington , New Jersey .
Zanesville Municipal Airport ( IATA : ZZV , ICAO : KZZV , FAA LID : ZZV ) is a city owned airport six miles east of downtown Zanesville , in Muskingum County , Ohio .
Bosoughan is a village in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom , approximately three miles ( 5 km ) east of Newquay .
Minoru Park is a park located on the site of a former horse - racing track and airstrip in Richmond , British Columbia .
Magteyeber ( Persian : مگطع يبر‎ , also Romanized as Magţʿeyeber ; also known as Maktāyebūr , Makteyebūr , Maktībūr , and Makţī``-e Jabar ) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District , in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 78 , in 18 families .
Broadclyst is a village and civil parish in the East Devon local government district .
Lasell Hall , also known as D.A.R. Hall , is a historic home located at Schoharie in Schoharie County , New York which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002 .
Amulree ( Scottish Gaelic : Àth Maol Ruibhe , ' Ford of ( St. ) Maelrubha ' ) is a small hamlet in Perth and Kinross , Scotland .
Bedřichovice is a village in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic , about 3 kilometres to the East of Brno , an administrative part of Šlapanice ( around 7.000 people ) .
Imam Gazzali School is the Biggest School in Lalpet and Cuddalore district which has over 6000 Students .
The Boquet River ( or Bouquet River before a 1982 Board on Geographic Names decision ) is a small river in upstate New York , USA .
Port Heiden Airport ( IATA : PTH , ICAO : PAPH , FAA LID : PTH ) is a state owned , public use airport located six nautical miles ( 7 mi , 11 km ) northeast of the central business district of Port Heiden , in the Lake and Peninsula Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska .
Łykowo ( wɨˈkɔvɔ ) ( German : Leikow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dygowo , within Kołobrzeg County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Shahrak - e Hashemiyeh ( Persian : شهرك هاشميه‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Hāshemīyeh ; also known as Hāshemīyeh ) is a village in Paskuh Rural District , Sedeh District , Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Sheung Yiu Folk Museum ( Chinese : 上窰民俗文物館 ) is housed in Sheung Yiu Village , a declared monument of Hong Kong , on Pak Tam Chung Nature Trail , Sai Kung , Hong Kong .
Świące ( ˈɕfjɔnt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz , within Łowicz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The PD Draw is a partially dismantled railroad bridge on the Passaic River between Newark and Kearny in the US state of New Jersey .
Uleh Kari Asalem ( Persian : اوله کري اسالم‎ , also Romanized as Ūleh Karī Āsālem ; also known as Ūlākerī and Ūleh Karīm ) is a village in Asalem Rural District , Asalem District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Leysdown - on - Sea is a coastal village on the east side of the Isle of Sheppey in the Borough of Swale in Kent , England .
Štadión pod Čebraťom is a multi - purpose stadium in Ružomberok , Slovakia .
Fondachelli - Fantina is a comune ( municipality ) in the Sicilian Province of Messina .
Borzejewo ( bɔʐɛˈjɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dominowo , within Środa Wielkopolska County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Bidache ( Occitan : Bidaishe ; Basque : Bidaxune ) is a town and commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department of south western France .
The Kutuzov Embankment or Kutuzov Quay ( Russian : Набережная Кутузова , Naberezhnaya Kutuzova ) is a street along the Neva River in Central Saint Petersburg .
WUBU ( 106.3 FM , `` Mix 106 '' ) is a radio station licensed to South Bend , Indiana , USA , and serving the South Bend market .
Saint Joseph Regional High School ( known as SJR , St. Joe 's or Joe 's ) is a private , Roman Catholic , college preparatory school for boys , located on a 33-acre ( 130,000 m2 ) campus in Montvale , in Bergen County , New Jersey , United States .
Aberconway House , no . 38 , South Street , Mayfair , in the City of Westminster , was constructed between 1920 and 1922 for the industrialist Henry McLaren , 2nd Baron Aberconway , in a neo - Georgian style .
The Churchill Falls Generating Station is a hydroelectric power station located on the Churchill River in Newfoundland and Labrador .
Sulugoli Gol ( Persian : سولوگلي گل‎ , also Romanized as Sūlūgolī Gol ; also known as Soluglu - Tel , Solūklū , Solūklū Gol , Solyuglyu - Tel '' , and Sūkalū Gol ) is a village in Zarjabad Rural District , Firuz District , Kowsar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Prescott Estate is a historic residential estate at 770 Centre Street in Newton , Massachusetts .
Prokocice ( prɔkɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bejsce , within Kazimierza County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Obrocz ( ˈɔbrɔt͡ʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwierzyniec , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Calaveras Dome is a Granite dome in Northern California best known as a rock climbing venue .
Darreh Garma ( Persian : دره گرما‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Garmā ) is a village in Esfandaqeh Rural District , in the Central District of Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Ida M. Rice House , also known as Haskell House , is a Colonial Revival style building in Colorado Springs , Colorado that was built in 1927 .
Duadadeh ( Persian : دودده‎ , also Romanized as Dūadadeh ) is a village in Chubar Rural District , Haviq District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Ruhmannsfelden is a larger municipality in the district of Regen , in Bavaria , Germany .
Aquithie is a hamlet in Aberdeenshire , Scotland , belonging to the parish of Kemnay .
The Tour de Capigliolo ( Corsican : Torra di Capigliolu ) is a ruined Genoese tower located in the commune of Casaglione ( Corse - du - Sud ) on the west coast of the French island of Corsica .
Tarrud Rural District ( Persian : دهستان تاررود‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Damavand County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Farm to Market Road 2953 or FM 2953 is a two - lane , state - maintained highway that connects the farming areas of northern Montague County and ( indirectly ) southern Oklahoma to Nocona , Texas .
Golulan - e Olya ( Persian : گلولان عليا‎ , also Romanized as Golūlān - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Il Gavark Rural District , in the Central District of Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 204 , in 30 families .
Wola Ociecka ( ˈvɔla ɔˈt͡ɕet͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów , within Ropczyce - Sędziszów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Chalybeate Springs Hotel , also known as The Chalybeate , is a historic 19th and early-20th century resort hotel located at Bedford Township in Bedford County , Pennsylvania .
The East Hill House and Carriage House , also known as the Decker French Mansion , is an historic property located in Riverdale , Iowa , United States .
Dehram Rural District ( Persian : دهستان دهرم‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Dehram District , Farashband County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Bighead River is a river in Grey County in southern Ontario , Canada , that flows from the Niagara Escarpment between the communities along Ontario Highway 10 of Arnott and Holland Centre in the township of Chatsworth to empty into Nottawasaga Bay , an inlet of Georgian Bay on Lake Huron , at Meaford .
Ługi Ujskie ( ˈwuɡi ˈui̯skʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujście , within Piła County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Rainier Club is a private club in Seattle , Washington ; it has been referred to as `` Seattle 's preeminent private club . ''
Horqin District ( Mongolian : ᠬᠣᠷᠴᠢᠨ ᠲᠣᠭᠣᠷᠢᠭ Qorčin toɣoriɣ ; simplified Chinese : 科尔沁区 ; traditional Chinese : 科爾沁區 ; pinyin : Kē'ěrqìn Qū ) is an administrative district of the prefecture - level city of Tongliao , Inner Mongolia , China , and the seat of government of the prefecture - level city .
Semanín ( German : Schirmak ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Ústí nad Orlicí District in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic .
Shamsabad - e Arab ( Persian : شمس ابادعرب‎ , also Romanized as Shamsābād - e `` Arab ; also known as Shamsābād ) is a village in Behnamarab - e Jonubi Rural District , Javadabad District , Varamin County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 275 , in 64 families .
Lake Papakeechie is a small man - made lake of 179 acres ( 0.72 km² ) located in Kosciusko County , Indiana , United States .
The city is located on the Mascouche River within the Les Moulins Regional County Municipality and has a population of 42,491 , ranking 30th among Quebec municipalities .
Hijanan ( Persian : هيجانان‎ , also Romanized as Hījānān ) is a village in Tamugheh Rural District , in the Central District of Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Stedelijk Museum voor Actuele Kunst ( commonly abbreviated as S.M.A.K. , translated as City Museum for Contemporary Art ) is a relatively new museum located in Ghent , Belgium , and is renowned both for its permanent collection ( Karel Appel , Francis Bacon , Panamarenko , Andy Warhol , etc . ) and for its provocative exhibitions .
Markhvor ( Persian : مارخور‎ , also Romanized as Mārkhvor ; also known as Mārkhor ) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Hogshaw is a civil parish within Aylesbury Vale district in Buckinghamshire , England .
The Stoney Creek Falls is a cascade waterfall on the Stoney Creek located where the river descends from the Atherton Tablelands to the Cairns coastal plain , in Queensland , Australia .
Arlington Senior High School was a public high school in Saint Paul , Minnesota .
The Harry F. Wentz Studio , also known as the Harry F. Wentz Studio - Bungalow and Studio Neah - Kah - Nie , is a historic house located in the Neahkahnie community near Manzanita , Oregon , United States .
Mazraeh - ye Ayunabad ( Persian : مزرعه عيون اباد‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye ʿAyūnābād ) is a village in Bahman Rural District , in the Central District of Abadeh County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Kabutarsorkh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كبوترسرخ‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Chadegan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Karamangalam ( Tamil : காரமங்கலம் ) is a village in the Arimalamrevenue block of Pudukkottai district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Dar - e Nadun ( Persian : درندون‎ , also Romanized as Dar - e Nadūn ) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Piz Cengalo ( 3,369 m ) is a mountain in the Bregaglia range of the Alps on the border between the Swiss canton of Graubünden and Italy .
Harbor Heights is a residential section of the Village of Mamaroneck in Westchester County , New York .
Truthan House is a house near St Erme in Cornwall , England , UK .
Westover Air Reserve Base ( IATA : CEF , ICAO : KCEF , FAA LID : CEF ) is an Air Force Reserve Command ( AFRC ) installation located in the Massachusetts communities of Chicopee and Ludlow , near the city of Springfield , Massachusetts .
Zarrik ( Persian : زريك‎ , also Romanized as Zarrīk and Zarīk ) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu - e Bala Rural District , Qareh Poshtelu District , Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
The David Hunt Three - Decker is a historic triple decker at 26 Louise Street in Worcester , Massachusetts .
The Kahlersberg is a 2,350 metre high mountain in the Northern Limestone Alps ( Hagen Mountains ) in the Berchtesgaden Alps on the border between Germany ( Bavaria ) and Austria ( Salzburg ) .
Arenjan ( Persian : ارنجن‎ , also Romanized as Ārenjan ; also known as Ārenjīn and Arinjin ) is a village in Golab Rural District , Barzok District , Kashan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Acaster Malbis is a village and civil parish in the unitary authority of the City of York , England .
Miroszewo ( mirɔˈʂɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przechlewo , within Człuchów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Both are contained in the larger Capital Region of Denmark ( ) , containing most of the urban area of Copenhagen .
The Château de Castelnou ( also called the Château Vicomtal ) is a medieval castle in the commune of Castelnou ( Catalan : Castellnou dels Aspres ) in the French département of Pyrénées - Orientales .
Archutówko ( arxuˈtufkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Juancho E. Yrausquin Airport ( IATA : SAB , ICAO : TNCS ) is an airport on the Dutch Caribbean island of Saba .
L'Étanche Abbey , Lorraine , is a former Premonstratensian monastery founded in the 12th century , the ruins of which are near the modern village of Deuxnouds - aux - Bois , in the commune of Lamorville , Meuse , France .
Feshanjerd ( Persian : فشانجرد‎ , also Romanized as Feshānjerd ; also known as Gūrī Feshānjerd ) is a village in Miyan Jovin Rural District , Helali District , Joghatai County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Abu Mahalleh ( Persian : ابومحله‎ , also Romanized as Abū Maḩalleh ) is a village in Dabuy - ye Jonubi Rural District , Dabudasht District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Georgetown Summit Wildlife Management Area at 3,349 acres ( 13.55 km2 ) is an Idaho wildlife management areain Bear Lake County near the town of Carey .
Reisach Priory ( German : Kloster Reisach ) is a monastery of the Discalced Carmelites in Oberaudorf in Bavaria , Germany , in the diocese of Munich and Freising .
Buildings 1992 is a public art work by American artist Susan Walsh , located on the northwest side of Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
It is located on the left bank of the Anoia river , and at the western end of the Igualada - Martorell - Barcelona railway .
Mackay Estate Water Tower is a historic water tower located at East Hills in Nassau County , New York .
Estarabad - e Shomali Rural District ( Persian : دهستان استرآبادشمالي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Baharan District , Gorgan County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Katy Park was a baseball park located in Waco , TX and was used by many minor league baseball teams as well as the Baylor Bears for a short time .
KFMB - FM is a commercial radio station located in San Diego , California , broadcasting on 100.7 FM , broadcasting a Mainstream Rock format .
Retford ( also known as East Retford ) is a market town in Nottinghamshire in the East Midlands of England , located 31 miles from the city of Nottingham , and 23 miles west of Lincoln , in the district of Bassetlaw .
Buntingsdale Hall is a historic country house in the parish of Sutton upon Tern , to the southwest of Market Drayton in Shropshire , England .
North Broadway Historic District in Tupelo , Mississippi , is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 .
Holloman Air Force Base ( IATA : HMN , ICAO : KHMN , FAA LID : HMN ) is a United States Air Force base located six miles ( 10 km ) southwest of the central business district of Alamogordo , and a census - designated place in Otero County , New Mexico , United States .
The Latvian Museum in Rockville , Maryland has as its mission the preservation and communication of Latvian history and culture and the history of Latvians in the United States .
Phoenix Union High School was the main high school for Phoenix , Arizona , at 7th Street and Van Buren Avenue .
Scillato ( Sicilian : Scillatu ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Palermo in the Italian region Sicily , located about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) southeast of Palermo .
Budziłowo ( bud͡ʑiˈwɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaczkowo , within Września County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Rostam - e Do Rural District ( Persian : دهستان رستم دو‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Rostam County , Fars Province , Iran .
Konopki - Klimki ( kɔˈnɔpki ˈklimki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawady , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Obręczna ( ɔˈbrɛnt͡ʂna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowie , within Opatów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Hawk Mountain Sanctuary is a wild bird sanctuary in Albany Township and East Brunswick Township , located along the Appalachian flyway in eastern Pennsylvania .
Kanteikulia is a small village and panchayat in Angul district , Odisha , India .
The Richard B. Fisher Center for the Performing Arts at Bard College is a performance hall located in the Hudson Valley hamlet of Annandale - on - Hudson , New York .
The Lexington Transit Center is a one - story public transportation facility with an underground parking garage along Vine Street east of South Limestone in Lexington , Kentucky .
Zowl Piran ( Persian : ذوالپيران‎ , also Romanized as Z̄owl Pīrān ; also known as Davāl Pīrān ) is a village in Jirdeh Rural District , in the Central District of Shaft County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Galleh Baghan ( Persian : گله باغان‎ , also Romanized as Galleh Bāghān ) is a village in Gughar Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Canton Country Day School , ( commonly referred to as CCDS ) , is an independent day school in Canton , Ohio .
Gaziantep Province ( Turkish : Gaziantep ili ) is a province in south - central Turkey .
Wolong District ( simplified Chinese : 卧龙 ; traditional Chinese : 臥龍 ; pinyin : Wòlóng ) is a District in the center part of Nanyang , in the southwestern Henan province of the People 's Republic of China .
Founded in 1952 , Pinewood Preparatory School is an independent , co - educational , college - preparatory day school located in Summerville , South Carolina .
Gâlgău ( Hungarian : Galgó ) is a commune located in Sălaj County , Romania .
Szaszorowice ( ʂaʂɔrɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niechlów , within Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Thankot is a large village lies in the west of Kathmandu District in the Bagmati Zone in central Nepal .
Mezzana Bigli is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy , located about 50 km southwest of Milan and about 25 km southwest of Pavia in the Lomellina traditional region , near the left bank of the Po River and its confluence with the Agogna .
The Airport Connector Road , also known as the T. F. Green Airport Connector Road or simply the T. F. Green Airport Connector , is a short , unnumbered highway in the U.S. state of Rhode Island that connects Interstate 95 with T. F. Green Airport .
Major Gercino is a municipality in the state of Santa Catarina in the South region of Brazil .
Elm Coulee Oil Field was discovered in the Williston Basin in Richland County , eastern Montana , in 2000 .
De Leunen is a football stadium in Geel , in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
Garnavik ( Persian : گرناويك‎ , also Romanized as Garnāvīk and Gernāvīk ; also known as Karnāvīk ) is a village in Qatur Rural District , Qatur District , Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Steenwijkerland ( pronunciation ) is a municipality in the province Overijssel , in the eastern Netherlands .
Somankidi or Somankidy is a small town and urban commune in the Cercle of Kayes in the Kayes Region of south - western Mali .
Szklary Dolne ( ˈʂklarɨ ˈdɔlnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chocianów , within Polkowice County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Beth El Jewish Center of Flatbush is a historic synagogue at 1981 Homecrest Ave . in Flatbush , Brooklyn , New York , New York .
Pharala is a village in the tehsil of Nawanshahr , Nawanshahr district ( also known as Shahid Bhagat Singh Nagar ) , in Punjab , India .
The Hill of Muchalls is a coastal mountainous landform situated approximately 1.4 kilometres west of the Bridge of Muchalls in Aberdeenshire , Scotland within the Mounth Range of the Grampian Mountains .
Dal Khani ( Persian : دال خاني‎ , also Romanized as Dāl Khānī ) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District , in the Central District of Ramsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Chengziya is located about 1 kilometre ( 0.62 mi ) west of Longshan Town ( Chinese : 龙山镇 ; pinyin : Lóngshān Zhèn ) under the administration of Zhangqiu City and about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) east of the provincial capital of Jinan .
Halkirk ( Scottish Gaelic : Hacraig ) is a village on the River Thurso in Caithness , in the Highland council area of Scotland .
Strumce is a village in the municipality of Tutin , Serbia .
Redmarley D'Abitot is a civil parish and village in the Forest of Dean district , Gloucestershire , South West England .
The Vulture Mine was a gold mine and settlement in Maricopa County , Arizona , United States .
Ocean Falls is a community on the Central Coast of British Columbia , Canada .
Mohammad Shahlu ( Persian : محمدشاه لو‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammad Shāhlū ; also known as Moḩammadlū , Moḩammad Şāleḩ , Moḩammad Shālū , and Muhammad Sālih ) is a village in Shivanat Rural District , Afshar District , Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Takht Arreh Do ( Persian : تخت‌اره دو‎ ) is a village in Mazu Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Strathcona Science Provincial Park is a provincial park in Alberta , Canada , located between Edmonton and Sherwood Park , south of the Yellowhead Highway and west of Highway 216 .
WMUK is a non profit public radio station at 102.1 FM in Kalamazoo , Michigan .
Cerne Abbey was a Benedictine monastery founded in 987 AD in the town now called Cerne Abbas by Æthelmær the Stout .
Museo ItaloAmericano , also known as the Italian American Museum , is a museum in San Francisco , California , the only to focus solely on Italian and Italian - American art and culture in California , there is an Italian American Museum in New York .
WXNU 106.5 FM is a radio station licensed to St. Anne , Illinois , and serving Kankakee County , and Iroquois County in Illinois , and Newton County in Indiana .
Chaghatayi ( Persian : چاغاتایی‎ , also Romanized as Chāghātāyī ) is a village in Qilab Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Espigan ( Persian : اسپيگان‎ , also Romanized as Espīgān ; also known as Esfīkān and Espīkān ) is a village in Kork and Nartich Rural District , in the Central District of Bam County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Sieroszów ( ɕeˈrɔʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ząbkowice Śląskie , within Ząbkowice Śląskie County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Sheykhabad - e Zangivand ( Persian : شيخ آباد زنگيوند‎‎ , also Romanized as Sheykhābād - e Zangīvand ; also known as Sheykhābād , Shaikhābād , and Zangīvand ) is a village in Firuzabad Rural District , Firuzabad District , Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Kuhgir - e Sofla ( Persian : كوهگيرسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Kūhgīr - e Soflá , Kūgīr - e Soflá , and G`ūgīr - e Soflá ) is a village in Kuhgir Rural District , Tarom Sofla District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Karposhtli - ye Olya ( Persian : كرپشتلي عليا‎ , also Romanized as Karposhtlī - ye `` Olyā ) is a village in Jargalan Rural District , Raz and Jargalan District , Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 985 , in 253 families .
Palazzo Madama ( Italian pronunciation : ( paˈlattso maˈdaːma ) ) in Rome is the seat of the Senate of the Italian Republic .
The Shoppes at Bel Air , formerly Bel Air Mall , is a super - regional shopping mall , located in Mobile , Alabama , United States .
Sycamore Shoals State Historic Area is a state park located in Elizabethton , in the U.S. state of Tennessee .
Skinner Reservoir , also known as Lake Skinner , is a reservoir in western Riverside County , California , located at the foot of Bachelor Mountain in the Auld Valley , approximately 10 miles ( 15 km ) northeast of Temecula .
Manaton is a village situated to the south east of Dartmoor National Park , Devon , England .
Najaf Shahr ( Persian : نجف شهر‎ ; formerly , Najafābād and Nejafābād ) is a city in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Neosho County Community College ( NCCC ) is located in Chanute , Kansas , United States and a secondary campus is located in Ottawa , Kansas .
Moore Catholic High School is a private , Catholic school on Staten Island , New York .
The Université libre de Bruxelles ( ULB ) ( French for Free University of Brussels , though rarely translated , the official name of the University is Université libre de Bruxelles ) is a French - speaking private research university in Brussels , Belgium .
Sutton Waldron is a village and civil parish in north Dorset , England , situated on the A350 road between Iwerne Minster and Fontmell Magna , in the Blackmore Vale under the scarp of Cranborne Chase , 8 miles ( 13 km ) north of Blandford Forum and 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) south of Shaftesbury .
WBAC ( 1340 AM ) is a radio station licensed to Cleveland , Tennessee , USA .
Endless Caverns is a commercial show cave located 3 miles south of New Market , Virginia , USA .
Dhari Rai Ditta or Dhari - rai - ditta or `` Dheri Rai Ditta '' , is a village in Malal Union Council in Fateh Jang Tehsil , Attock District of Punjab province , Pakistan .
Cheshmeh Sangin ( Persian : چشمه سنگين‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Sangīn ) is a village in Seylatan Rural District , in the Central District of Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Frederick Law Olmsted National Historic Site is a United States National Historic Site located in Brookline , Massachusetts , a suburb of Boston .
Shaleh ( Persian : شله‎ ) is a village in Zalu Ab Rural District , in the Central District of Ravansar County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Carcross Water Aerodrome ( TC LID : CEB7 ) is adjacent to Carcross , Yukon , Canada on the shore of Grayling Bay on Tagish Lake .
Dworszowice Kościelne - Kolonia ( dvɔrʂɔˈvit͡sɛ kɔɕˈt͡ɕɛlnɛ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Brzeźnica , within Pajęczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Nusatupe Airport is an airport near Gizo in the Solomon Islands ( IATA : GZO , ICAO : AGGN ) .
The Thomas Scott Buckham Memorial Library is a historic library in Faribault , Minnesota , United States .
Zavang - e Sofla ( Persian : زاونگ سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Zāvang - e Soflá ; also known as Zāvang - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Firuzeh Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzeh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Hayt 's Chapel and Schoolhouse consists of a historic church and a historic school building located at Ithaca in Tompkins County , New York .
Lac d'Artouste is a lake in Pyrénées - Atlantiques , France in the region of Aquitaine - Limousin - Poitou - Charentes .
Ashareh - ye Bozorg ( Persian : عشاره بزرگ‎ , also Romanized as `` Ashāreh - ye Bozorg ; also known as `` Ashāreh ) is a village in Elhayi Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 353 , in 58 families .
Como House is a historical house , with associated gardens in the City of Stonnington , Victoria , Australia .
Duncan Village is a former black township in the Buffalo City Metropolitan Municipality in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa .
Wyaldra Creek is a creek in the Gulgong district of New South Wales , Australia .
Bozhan ( village ) is a village in Tervel Municipality , Dobrich Province , in northeastern Bulgaria .
Gołąb - Kolonia ( ˈɡɔwɔmp kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michów , within Lubartów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Purandar taluka ( Marathi : पुरंदर तालुका ) , is a taluka in Bhor subdivision of Pune district of state of Maharashtra in India .
Second Church of Christ , Scientist is a historic former Christian Science church building located at 948 West Adams Boulevard , in the West Adams district of Los Angeles , California .
Lastingham is a village and civil parish which lies in the Ryedale district of North Yorkshire , England .
Pontyberem is a village and community situated in the Gwendraeth Valley halfway between Carmarthen and Llanelli in Carmarthenshire , Wales .
The Printworks is an urban entertainment venue offering a cinema , clubs and eateries , located on the corner of Withy Grove and Corporation Street in Manchester city centre , England .
Nowy Jadów ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈjaduf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jadów , within Wołomin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Śmielnik ( ˈɕmjɛlnik ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Interlakes , also known as the Interlakes District , is a geographic region of the Interior of British Columbia , Canada , located along and around the Interlakes Highway between 100 Mile House on BC Highway 97 and Little Fort on the North Thompson River .
The Fleisher Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Oliver Township near Newport in Perry County , Pennsylvania .
Cotmanhay is a village in Derbyshire , England , UK , in the Erewash Borough Council area , north of Ilkeston .
Kodiak College is a public , two - year satellite campus of the University of Alaska Anchorage , with a student body of approximately 1,000 .
The Watchung Mountains ( once called the Blue Hills ) are a group of three long low ridges of volcanic origin , between 400 and 500 feet ( 120 and 150 m ) high , lying parallel to each other in northern New Jersey in the United States .
Żuków - Kolonia ( ˈʐukuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzczonów , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Northwest Seaport Maritime Heritage Center is a nonprofit organization in Seattle , Washington dedicated to the preservation and interpretation of Puget Sound and Northwest Coast maritime heritage , expressed through educational programs and experiences available to the public .
Pascack Valley Hospital ( PVH ) is a former 291-bed hospital , located at 250 Old Hook Road , Westwood , New Jersey .
The New London School explosion occurred on March 18 , 1937 , when a natural gas leak caused an explosion , destroying the London School of New London , Texas , a community in Rusk County previously known as `` London '' .
Prey Khpos is a khum ( commune ) of Bavel District in Battambang Province in north - western Cambodia .
Mielesznica ( mjɛlɛʂˈnit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cybinka , within Słubice County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland , close to the German border .
Wrabness is a small village , near Manningtree , Essex .
Dewartown is a small hamlet in Midlothian , Scotland , UK , near Pathhead and Mayfield .
Topilec - Kolonia ( tɔˈpilɛt͡s kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośń Kościelna , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Dry Falls Dam is a rockfaced earthfill - type dam in the U.S. state of Washington .
Patole is a Village and a in Sinnar taluka of Nashik district in the Indian state of Maharashtra .
The David Dunlap Observatory ( DDO ) is a large astronomical observatory site just north of Toronto in Richmond Hill , Ontario , housed on a 189-acre ( 76 ha ) estate .
Kielchinów ( kʲɛlˈxʲinuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełchatów , within Bełchatów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Tumatar ( Persian : تومتر‎ , also Romanized as Tūmatar ) is a village in Baranduzchay - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Arrow Rock State Historic Site is an open - air museum encompassing a geographic formation and a portion of the village of Arrow Rock , Missouri .
Julia C. Lathrop Homes is a Chicago Housing Authority ( CHA ) public housing project located in the North Center neighborhood on the north side of Chicago , Illinois , United States .
Rancho Santiago de Santa Ana was a 63,414-acre ( 256.63 km2 ) Spanish land concession in present - day Orange County , California , given by Spanish Alta California Governor José Joaquín de Arrillaga in 1810 to Jose Antonio Yorba and his nephew Pablo Peralta .
The Edmonston House is located on NY 94 in the Vails Gate section of the Town of New Windsor in Orange County , New York .
Budy - Zbroszki ( ˈbudɨ ˈzbrɔʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Winnica , within Pułtusk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
West Drayton is a suburban town in the London Borough of Hillingdon , England .
Mortemer Abbey ( L'Abbaye de Mortemer ) is a former Cistercian monastery in the Forest of Lyons between the present Lyons - la - Forêt and Lisors , some 34 km ( 21 mi ) southeast of Rouen in the department of Eure .
Oadby and Wigston is a local government district and borough in the English county of Leicestershire .
Highlands Hammock State Park is a 9,000-acre ( 3,640 ha ) park 4 miles ( 6 km ) west of Sebring in Highlands County , Florida , off U.S. 27 .
Mablethorpe is a small seaside town in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire , England .
Maravankudieruppu is a village in the jurisdiction of Nagercoil Municipality , located three kilo metres ( 2 miles ) south of Nagercoil , the capital of Kanyakumari district in the state of Tamil Nadu in India .
Bourg - de - Thizy is a former commune of the Rhône department in Rhône - Alpes region in eastern France .
KMZN ( 740 AM ) is a commercial radio station licensed to serve the community of Oskaloosa , Iowa .
The Queens High School of Teaching , Liberal Arts and the Sciences ( QHST ) ( 26Q566 ) is a public high school in Glen Oaks , New York located on the Frank A. Padavan Campus , a sprawling 32-acre ( 130,000 m2 ) landscaped campus , which contains QHST and two other neighboring ' kindergarten-8th ' grade schools :
Huff 's Store is a general store in Burwood , Tennessee .
Jaworowo - Jastrzębie ( javɔˈrɔvɔ jasˈtʂɛmbjɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz , within Sierpc County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Ölmstad is a locality situated in Jönköping Municipality , Jönköping County , Sweden with 296 inhabitants in 2010 .
Lavkushnagar , formerly known as Laundi ( Hindi:लौंड़ी ) , is a town / city / tehshil and a nagar panchayat in Chhatarpur district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh .
The Christopher Center for Library and Information Resources is the newly constructed library on the campus of Valparaiso University in Valparaiso , Indiana .
Sarn Meyllteyrn is a village and former civil parish ( Known at the time as Mellteyrn ) located to the West of the Llŷn Peninsula ( Welsh : Penrhyn Llŷn ) in the Welsh county of Gwynedd .
The Rodovia Presidente Dutra , ( BR-116 -- or SP-060 in the state of São Paulo ) , colloquially known as Via Dutra is a federal highway which runs through the eastern part of the state of São Paulo and southwestern region of the state of Rio de Janeiro .
Novo Hamburgo ( Portuguese for New Hamburg ) ( Neues Hamburg in German ) is a municipality in the southernmost Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul , located in the Metropolitan area of Porto Alegre , the State Capital .
Zeal Monachorum ( Latin translation Cell of the Monks ) is a village and civil parish in the Mid Devon district of Devon , England , about 18 miles ( 29 km ) north - west of Exeter , situated on the River Yeo .
Dinghu District ( Chinese : 鼎湖 ; pinyin : Dǐnghú ; Jyutping : ding2wu4 ) is a district of Zhaoqing , Guangdong province , People 's Republic of China .
Donghuishe ( simplified Chinese : 东回舍 ; traditional Chinese : 東回舍 ; pinyin : Dōnghuíshè ) is a town of Pingshan County in the eastern foothills of the Taihang Mountains in southwestern Hebei province , China , located 8 kilometres ( 5.0 mi ) west of the county seat .
Wuhu ( simplified Chinese : 芜湖 ; traditional Chinese : 蕪湖 ; pinyin : Wúhú ; literally `` Weedy Lake '' ) is a prefecture - level city in southeastern Anhui province , China .
Homan - Gerard House and Mills is a historic home and mill complex located at Yaphank in Suffolk County , New York .
The Milk Pail Restaurant , formerly known as the Country Tea Room , is a historic restaurant ( tearoom ) in unincorporated Dundee Township , Kane County , Illinois , United States .
Saltoun Hall is an historic house standing in extensive lands off the B6355 , Pencaitland to East Saltoun road , about 1.5 miles from each village , in East Lothian , Scotland .
Moydow ( Irish : Maigh Dumha , meaning `` the plain of the burial mound '' ) is a village on the outskirts of Longford Town in County Longford , Ireland .
Pierekał ( pjɛˈrɛkau̯ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
345 California Center is a 48-story office tower in the financial district of San Francisco , California .
Tabaszowa City ( tabaˈʂɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łososina Dolna , within Nowy Sącz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Graves Mill , also known as Jones Mill and Beech Grove Mill , is a historic grist mill complex located near Wolftown , Madison County , Virginia .
Bibbona is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Livorno in the Italian region Tuscany , located about 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) southwest of Florence and about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) southeast of Livorno in the Val di Cecina .
Balajuk ( Persian : بلجوك‎ , also Romanized as Balajūk ) is a village in Qatur Rural District , Qatur District , Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Oronto Bay is an arm of Lake Superior between Marble Point in Iron County , Wisconsin and Little Girls Point in Gogebic County , Michigan and includes part of the Bad River Reservation .
Colby Village Elementary School ( CVES ) , It is located at 92 Colby Drive , Cole Harbour , Nova Scotia in the subdivision of Colby Village , and was first constructed in 1975 .
Pavići ( Serbian Cyrillic : Павићи ) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
CKVH - FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a Country music format at 93.5 FM in High Prairie , Alberta .
Orciano Pisano is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Pisa in the Italian region Tuscany , located about 70 kilometres ( 43 mi ) southwest of Florence and about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) southeast of Pisa , in the Pisan Hills .
Krzeczkowo - Szepielaki ( kʂɛt͡ʂˈkɔvɔ ʂɛpjɛˈlaki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyżew - Osada , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Riverview Psychiatric Center , also known as Riverview Psychiatric Recovery Center , formerly the Augusta Mental Health Institute , or AMHI , is a psychiatric hospital in Augusta , Maine , operated by the Maine Department of Health and Human Services .
Dar - e Fizguiyeh ( Persian : درفيزگوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Dar - e Fīzgū’īyeh ) is a village in Saghder Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kavar County ( Persian : شهرستان کوار‎ ) is a county in Fars Province in Iran .
Delphi Falls , New York is a hamlet in the town of Pompey , Onondaga County , New York .
Kharki is a village of Himachal Pradesh , under Tehsil Kotkhai , Shimla district , India .
Wyk ( vɨk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbójna , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Skyrail Rainforest Cableway is a 7.5 kilometre scenic cableway running above the Barron Gorge National Park in the Wet Tropics of Queensland 's World Heritage Area north of Cairns which has won more than 25 awards .
Elyria Catholic High School is a private Catholic high school located in Elyria , Ohio , 20 miles west of Cleveland .
Yusef Mahalleh ( Persian : يوسف محله‎ , also Romanized as Yūsef Maḩalleh ) is a village in Nowsher - e Koshk - e Bijar Rural District , Khoshk - e Bijar District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Lewenborg is a green suburb in the east of the city of Groningen in the Netherlands .
Barker Field was one of several airfields in the Downsview area of Toronto , Ontario .
Oosterheem is one of the districts ( wijken ) of Zoetermeer .
Salão is a civil parish in the municipality of Horta on the island of Faial , the Portuguese Azores .
Bo'ness railway station is a tourist railway station in Bo'ness , Falkirk , Scotland .
Bosco Marengo ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈbosko maˈreŋɡo ) ) ( Piedmontese : Ël Bòsch ) is a town and comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) southeast of Turin and about 12 kilometres ( 7 mi ) southeast of Alessandria .
Baqer Owghli ( Persian : باقراوغلي‎ , also Romanized as Bāqer Owghlī ; also known as Bāqer Owghlū ) is a village in Garamduz Rural District , Garamduz District , Khoda Afarin County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Massa e Cozzile is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Pistoia in the Italian region Tuscany , located about 45 kilometres ( 28 mi ) northwest of Florence and about 14 kilometres ( 9 mi ) west of Pistoia , in the central part of the Valdinievole .
Germanton Methodist Church and Cemetery is a historic Methodist church and cemetery located on Main Street at the junction of Main Street and Willow Street in Germanton , Stokes County , North Carolina .
San Pa Pao ( Thai : สันป่าเปา ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of San Sai District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Col . William M. and Nancy Ralston Bond House is a historic home located at Lockport in Niagara County , New York .
The 1982 World 's Fair , formally known as the Knoxville International Energy Exposition , was held in Knoxville , Tennessee , United States .
Stobo Castle is located at Stobo in the Scottish Borders , in the former county of Peeblesshire .
Kościołków ( kɔɕˈt͡ɕɔu̯kuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagórów , within Słupca County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Nahr - e Shahab ( Persian : نهرشهاب‎ , also Romanized as Nahr - e Shahāb ; also known as Shahāb ) is a village in Buzi Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Atantano Shrine is a historic commemorative marker near Piti , Guam .
Busturialdea , also named Busturialde - Urdaibai is a comarca of the province of Biscay , in the Basque Country , Spain .
Pismire Island is a small island in Lake Michigan of approximately 2.5 acres ( 1.0 ha ) in size .
The Çelebi Sultan Mehmed Mosque ( Turkish : Çelebi Sultan Mehmed Camii ; Greek : Τέμενος Μεχμέτ Α ' ) , also known as the Bayezid Mosque ( Τέμενος Βαγιαζήτ ) , is an early 15th - century Ottoman mosque in Didymoteicho , East Macedonia and Thrace , in the far northeast of Greece .
Oosterbierum ( West Frisian : Easterbierrum ) is a village in Franekeradeel in the province of Friesland , the Netherlands .
Frelinghuysen Township School District is a community public school district that serves students in pre - Kindergarten through sixth grade from Frelinghuysen Township , Warren County , New Jersey , United States .
The Orebodies 18 , 23 and 25 mine is an iron ore mine located in the Pilbara region of Western Australia , 8 kilometres east of Newman .
Glebe House of St. Anne 's Parish is a historic Episcopal glebe house located near Champlain , Essex County , Virginia .
Gov. Benjamin T. Biggs Farm is a historic home and farm located near Middletown , New Castle County , Delaware .
Yitimu ( Persian : يتيمو‎ , also Romanized as Yītīmū ) is a village in Khorrami Rural District , in the Central District of Khorrambid County , Fars Province , Iran .
Kiedrowice ( kʲɛdrɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( Kashubian : Kiédréce - Czedrzëjce ) is a village in Gmina Lipnica , Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Stirches is an area of Hawick in the Scottish Borders , mostly consisting of ex - council housing built in 1973 .
The Lisco State Aid Bridge is located on a county road over the North Platte River south of Lisco , Nebraska .
Goodman Brothers and Hinlein Company is a historic factory building located in the Callowhill neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Sauta Cave National Wildlife Refuge is a 264-acre ( 107 ha ) National Wildlife Refuge located in northeastern Alabama , near the Sauty Creek embayment of Guntersville Lake .
Huta Różaniecka ( ˈxuta ruʐaˈɲet͡ska ) ( Ukrainian : Гута Рожанецька , Huta Rozhanets’ka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narol , within Lubaczów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
San Gregorio di Catania ( Sicilian : San Grigoriu ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Catania in the Italian region Sicily , located about 170 kilometres ( 110 mi ) southeast of Palermo and about 7 kilometres ( 4 mi ) northeast of Catania .
Kłosy ( ˈkwɔsɨ ) ( German : Klößen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Chah - e Zahid ( Persian : چاه زهيد‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Zahīd and Chāhzahīd ) is a village in Qaleh Ganj Rural District , in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Newman Arena is a 4,473-seat multi - purpose arena at Cornell University in Ithaca , New York , located in Bartels Hall , which is adjacent to Lynah Rink .
Lajes do Pico ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈlaʒɨʒ ðu ˈpiku ) ) is a municipality in the southern part of the Azores .
The Swann Memorial Fountain ( also known as the Fountain of the Three Rivers ) is a fountain sculpture located in the center of Logan Circle in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , United States .
1166 Avenue of the Americas ( also known as the International Paper Building ) is a 600 feet ( 180 m ) tall skyscraper located at 1166 Sixth Avenue in Manhattan , New York City .
The Semiahmoo Indian Reserve ( /ˌsɛmiˈɑːmuː/ SEM - ee - AH - moo ) is an Indian Reserve in the Lower Mainland , British Columbia , located on Semiahmoo Bay between the City of White Rock and Peace Arch Park , which sits astride the international boundary with Washington state .
Goldfield Historic District is a historic district located in the center of Goldfield , Esmeralda County , Nevada .
Saliyeh ( Persian : صليعه‎ , also Romanized as Şalīyʿeh ) is a village in Mollasani Rural District , in the Central District of Bavi County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Padagi - ye Bala ( Persian : پدگی بالا ‎ ) is a village in Hormak Rural District , in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Rippweiler is a small town in the commune of Useldange , in western Luxembourg .
Central Lafourche High School ( CLHS ) is a public high school serving students in grades 9 through 12 in Mathews , Louisiana , USA about 45 miles southwest of New Orleans .
The Vander Veer Botanical Park is a 33-acre ( 130,000 m2 ) botanical garden in the Vander Veer Park Historic District of Davenport , Iowa .
Aqa Jeri ( Persian : آقاجري‎ , also Romanized as Āqā Jerī and Āqā Jarī ; also known as Aghajan , Āgha Jāri , and Āghājerī ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Moorpark College is a California state liberal arts college with a 150-acre ( 61 ha ) campus on a hillside in Moorpark , in Ventura County , California .
Lago del Sambuco is a reservoir above Fusio , in the municipality of Lavizzara , Ticino , Switzerland .
Gorgab - e Olya ( Persian : گرگاب عليا‎ , also Romanized as Gorgāb - e `` Olyā ; also known as Gorgāb ) is a village in Gevar Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Tolombeh - ye Emirzadeh ( Persian : تلمبه اميرزاده‎ , also Romanized as Tolombeh - ye Emīrzādeh ) is a village in Ayask Rural District , in the Central District of Sarayan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Crossgates Mall is a shopping mall located in the Albany suburb of Albany , New York .
Majki - Tykiewki ( ˈmai̯ki tɨˈkʲɛfki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sypniewo , within Maków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Crum Elbow Meeting House and Cemetery is a historic Society of Friends meeting house and cemetery in East Park , Dutchess County , New York .
The Home of Franklin D. Roosevelt National Historic Site preserves the Springwood estate in Hyde Park , New York .
Bellevue Public Schools operates 14 elementary schools ( K-6 - -some schools also offer prekindergarten programs ) , three middle schools ( 7 - -8 ) , and two high schools ( 9 - -12 ) in Bellevue in the U.S. state of Nebraska .
Mount Soledad is a prominent landmark in the city of San Diego , California , United States .
The Château d'Augerville is a historic château , situated in the commune of Augerville - la - Rivière , Loiret , France .
Changal Dasht ( Persian : چنگال دشت‎ , also Romanized as Changāl Dasht ; also known as Changāl Vash ) is a village in Dastjerd Rural District , Alamut - e Gharbi District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Dundas Central Public School is a primary school located in Dundas , Ontario .
Durjanwas is a village of Salempura Gram Panchayat , and is located in Lalsot Tehsil in Dausa District , Rajasthan State , India .
Porbady ( pɔrˈbadɨ ) ( German : Neu Schöneberg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jonkowo , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Erratic Rock State Natural Site is a state park in the Willamette Valley of Oregon , United States .
Hasanabad - e Tavakkoli ( Persian : حسن ابادتوكلي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasanābād - e Tavakkolī ; also known as Ḩasanābād and Ḩasanābād - e Tavakkol ) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District , in the Central District of Nain County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Mijdrecht is a town in the municipality of De Ronde Venen , in the Netherlands .
Lane 's Island is an island which is part of the town of Vinalhaven in Knox County , Maine .
Time Warner Cable Amphitheater at Tower City ( formerly Tower City Amphitheater ) was an outdoor concert venue and part of the mixed - use Tower City Center development in downtown Cleveland , Ohio .
Vashnam - e Kheyr Mohammad ( Persian : وشنام خير محمد‎ , also Romanized as Vashnām - e Kheyr Moḩammad ; also known as Kheyrmoḩammad ) is a village in Kambel - e Soleyman Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Sonora Peak is a mountain located in the Central Sierra Nevada mountains of California north of Sonora Pass .
Laleh Bejan ( Persian : لاله بجان‎ , also Romanized as Lāleh Bejān ) is a village in Ozomdel - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Varzaqan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Noh Tan ( Persian : نه تن‎ ) is a village in Efzar Rural District , Efzar District , Qir and Karzin County , Fars Province , Iran .
Ganges Water Aerodrome , ( IATA : YGG , TC LID : CAX6 ) , is located 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ; 1.2 mi ) southeast of Ganges on Saltspring Island in British Columbia , Canada .
Gach Boland ( Persian : گچ بلند‎ ) is a village in Bahmai - ye Garmsiri - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Atchison County Courthouse , located at the southwest corner of 5th and Parallel Streets in Atchison , is the seat of government of Atchison County , Kansas .
Doslidnytske ( Ukrainian : Дослідницьке ) is an urban - type settlement in Vasylkiv Raion ( district ) of Kiev Oblast ( region ) in northern Ukraine .
Dydiowa ( dɨˈdjɔva ) ( Ukrainian : Дидьова , Dydiova ) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska , within Bieszczady County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , on the border with Ukraine .
Ludgate Hill is a hill in the City of London , near the old Ludgate , a gate to the City that was taken down , with its attached gaol , in 1780 .
Stare Chrusty ( ˈstarɛ ˈxrustɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokiciny , within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Forest of Nisene Marks State Park is a state park of California , USA , protecting a tract of secondary forest in the Santa Cruz Mountains .
Serrabone Priory ( French : Prieuré de Serrabone ; Catalan : Santa Maria de Serrabona ) is a former monastery of Canons Regular in the commune of Boule - d'Amont , in Pyrénées - Orientales .
Dow Crag is a fell in the English Lake District near Coniston , Cumbria .
Qamchabad ( Persian : قمچ اباد‎ , also Romanized as Qamchābād ; also known as Kamuchabad , Karichivar , Qomīshābād , Qomshāhābād , and Qumshāhābād ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Abhar County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Spanish Bonk is a volcanic plug located in the Quesnel Highland of the Wells Gray - Clearwater volcanic field in southeastern British Columbia , Canada .
Cala en Bosch , also Cala'n Bosch or Cala en Bosc , is a beach , marina , hotel , and apartment resort on the southwest coast of Minorca , Balearic Islands , Spain , about 9 kilometres ( 5.6 mi ) south of Ciutadella de Menorca .
Ashfield , Pennsylvania is an unincorporated community in East Penn Township , Carbon County located south of Lehighton and west of Bowmanstown on Route 895 at the northern foot of Blue Mountain .
The Smoking Hills are located on the east coast of Cape Bathurst in Canada 's Northwest Territories , next to the Arctic Ocean and a small group of lakes .
Borovichi ( Russian : Боровичи́ ) is the second largest town in Novgorod Oblast , Russia , located on the Msta River in the northern spurs of the Valdai Hills , 194 kilometers ( 121 mi ) east of Veliky Novgorod , the administrative center of the oblast .
Dokis 9 is a First Nations reserve and community in the Canadian province of Ontario , assigned to the Dokis First Nation .
Cobb Center Mall ( originally Cobb County Shopping Center ) was a shopping mall in Smyrna , Georgia , United States .
Dadeh Olum ( Persian : داده الوم‎ , also Romanized as Dādeh Olūm ; also known as Dādeh Deh and Dadeh ) is a village in Kerend Rural District , Dashli Borun District , Gonbad - e Qabus County , Golestan Province , Iran .
DU Stadium ( sometimes referred to as Hilltop Stadium ) was a stadium in Denver , Colorado .
Lard Khazan ( Persian : لردخزان‎ , also Romanized as Lard Khazān ) is a village in Rahgan Rural District , Khafr District , Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
The 1840s Carrollton Inn and Plaza , located in Baltimore , Maryland consists of two historic buildings and their complementary 1980 additions built to resemble the previous federal style buildings .
Cradle Mountain - Lake St Clair National Park is located in the Central Highlands area of Tasmania ( Australia ) , 165 km northwest of Hobart .
Robinson Newspapers is a group of community weekly newspapers that served several neighborhoods and towns in King County , Washington .
KCZZ ( 1480 AM ) is a Spanish language radio station licensed to Mission , Kansas and serving the Kansas City market .
Yellowmead stone circle near Sheepstor in Devon , England , is a Bronze Age concentric stone circle consisting of four rings of stones set within one another .
Abza - ye Kalat Tayebi ( Persian : ابزا كلات طيبي‎ , also Romanized as Ābzā - ye Kalāt Ţayebī ; also known as Ābzā ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Sarhadi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Charusa District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Dettah or Detah is a First Nations community in the North Slave Region of the Northwest Territories , Canada .
The Don Rhodes Mining and Transport Museum is a public park in Port Hedland , Western Australia , with an open air display of retired mining machinery and railway rollingstock .
Red Pass Lake is a dry lake bed in the Mojave Desert of San Bernardino County , California , 66 km ( 41 mi ) northeast of Tecopa .
Southern Savonia ( Finnish : Etelä - Savo ; Swedish : Södra Savolax ) is a region in the south - east of Finland .
Kesići ( Cyrillic : Кесићи ) is a village in the municipality of Bosansko Grahovo , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Keele Peak , in Canada 's Yukon Territory , is the highest peak in the Mackenzie Mountains at 2,972 metres ( 9,751 ft ) .
Lavers Hill is a town in Victoria , Australia , located 48 kilometres ( 30 mi ) inland from Port Campbell and 48 kilometres ( 30 mi ) from Apollo Bay .
Megen , Haren en Macharen existed from 1821 to 1994 , when it became part of Oss .
Xiangxiang ( simplified Chinese : 湘乡 ; traditional Chinese : 湘鄉 ; pinyin : Xiāngxiāng ) is a county - level city under the administration of Xiangtan , Hunan province , China .
St. Louis College of Pharmacy ( STLCOP ) is a private and independent nonsectarian professional university in St. Louis , Missouri .
Asleh Marz ( Persian : اسله مرز‎ , also Romanized as Āsleh Marz ; also known as Ālmīrza , Aslamarz , Aşlāmarz , Aslammars , Aslemarz , and Eslamarz ) is a village in Yeylan - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Dehgolan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Crossley , based in Manchester , United Kingdom , was a pioneering company in the production of internal combustion engines .
The University of Oregon ( also referred to as UO or Oregon ) is a public flagship research university located in Eugene , Oregon .
The Bundesgymnasium und Bundesrealgymnasium Bludenz ( or simply : BG und BRG Bludenz ) is an academic high school , located in Bludenz in Austria in its westernmost federal state Vorarlberg .
The Mayworth School , also known as Cramerton School , is a historic school complex located at 236 Eighth Ave . in Cramerton , Gaston County , North Carolina .
Sturehov Manor ( Swedish : Sturehovs slott ; sometimes Sturehof ) is a manor house in Botkyrka Municipality , a suburb of Stockholm , Sweden .
St. John the Baptist Ukrainian Catholic Church is a Ukrainian Catholic parish in the South Side Flats neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania under the authority of the Eparchy of St. Josaphat in Parma , Ohio .
Uścięcice ( uɕt͡ɕɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opalenica , within Nowy Tomyśl County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Siomki ( ˈɕɔmki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Paolo Soleri Amphitheater is an amphitheater in Santa Fe , New Mexico , which was constructed in 1970 and closed in 2010 .
Explorations Academy is an independent school in Bellingham , Washington , USA that integrates experiential education with academic studies .
Takmaran Rural District ( Persian : دهستان تكمران‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Sarhad District , Shirvan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Stebbins Hall is a student housing cooperative owned by the Berkeley Student Cooperative ( BSC ) and located at 2527 Ridge Road in Berkeley , California , on the north side of the University of California , Berkeley campus .
Drumuillie ( Scottish Gaelic : Druim Mùillidh ) is a small hamlet , which lies 1 mile north of Boat of Garten and 10 miles northeast of Aviemore in Inverness - shire , Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland .
Kondideh ( Persian : كونديده‎ , also Romanized as Kondīdeh ; also known as Kan Dīdeh ) is a village in Bahmai - ye Garmsiri - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Cintas Center is a 10,250 seat multi - purpose arena and conference center at Xavier University in Cincinnati , Ohio .
Camp Courage is a summer camp for children and adults with disabilities located in Maple Lake , Minnesota .
Pa Rudbar ( Persian : پارودبار‎ , also Romanized as Pā Rūdbār ; also known as Parūdār ) is a village in Jirandeh Rural District , Amarlu District , Rudbar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Budy - Szpinek ( ˈbudɨ ˈʂpinɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fałków , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Shackerstone railway station is a preserved railway station and heritage museum in Leicestershire , Central England .
The Union Arch Bridge , also called the `` Cabin John Bridge '' , is a historic masonry structure in Cabin John , Maryland .
Gilmore College , formerly known as Kwinana Senior High School , is a public co - educational high school in Western Australia .
Preore ( German : Porfür or Prauer ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) west of Trento .
The Dr. Eric Jackman Institute of Child Study ( ICS ) is a research institute and laboratory school of the Ontario Institute for Studies in Education at the University of Toronto .
Chipping Warden is a village in Northamptonshire , England about 6 miles ( 10 km ) northeast of the Oxfordshire town of Banbury .
Itzehoe station is a railway station in the town of Itzehoe in the German state of Schleswig - Holstein .
The Academia Pomeroy Covered Bridge at 278-foot - long ( 85 m ) ( portal to portal ) is the longest remaining covered bridge in Pennsylvania .
Hasha Kalayeh ( Persian : هاشاكلايه‎ , also Romanized as Ḩāshā Kalāyeh ) is a village in Rudbar - e Shahrestan Rural District , Alamut - e Gharbi District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Aratlakatta is a village in Karapa mandal , located in East Godavari district Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
Pas Kooshe ( Persian : پس کوشه ‎ ) is a village in Tamin Rural District , in the Nosratabad of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Par - e Nobar ( Persian : پرنبار‎ , also Romanized as Par - e Nobār ; also known as Par - e Bonār ) is a village in Mashayekh Rural District , Doshman Ziari District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
WTSC - FM ( 91.1 FM , `` The Source '' ) is a non - commercial campus radio station licensed to serve the greater Potsdam , New York area .
The Historic Elitch Theatre is located at the original Elitch Gardens site in northwest Denver , Colorado .
Killester College is a Roman Catholic girls secondary college in Springvale , Victoria , Australia .
BGSU Firelands is located near the shores of Lake Erie in Huron , Ohio , about 60 miles ( 97 km ) east of Bowling Green , Ohio .
The Penobscot River Bridge was a truss bridge between Bangor and Brewer , Maine .
Lac La Ronge Provincial Park is located in the boreal forest of north central Saskatchewan within the Canadian Shield .
Zubrzyca Górna ( zuˈbʐɨt͡sa ˈɡurna ) , ( Slovak : Vyšná Zubrica , Hungarian : Felsőzubrica ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonka , within Nowy Targ County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
WJCL - FM ( 96.5 FM ) , known as `` Kix 96 '' , is a radio station in Savannah , Georgia featuring country music .
The Pithole Stone Arch Bridge is a 37-foot ( 11 m ) masonry , deck arch bridge that spans Pithole Creek between Cornplanter and President Townships , Venango County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania .
The Selkirk Recreation Complex is an indoor ice hockey , figure skating arena and community centre located in Selkirk , Manitoba .
The Muscoot Reservoir is a reservoir in northern Westchester County , New York located directly north of the village of Katonah .
Mackay Street ( French : Rue Mackay ) is a street located in downtown Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Piwnice Wielkie ( pivˈnit͡sɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) ( German : Gross Piwnitz , 1938 - 45 : Grossalbrechtsort ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielbark , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Bakhleh ( Persian : باخله‎ , also Romanized as Bākhleh ) is a village in Bilavar Rural District , in the Central District of Kamyaran County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Concord Pavilion ( formerly known as Sleep Train Pavilion and Chronicle Pavilion ) is an amphitheatre located in Concord , California .
The octagon room and its service wing are listed Grade I by Historic England and , together , with a converted stable block , are now the Orleans House Gallery , a gallery of art relating to the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames and neighbouring areas of London .
The Appleton Farm is a historic farmstead on Hancock Road in Dublin , New Hampshire .
Słonino ( swɔˈninɔ ) ( formerly German Schlennin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tychowo , within Białogard County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
KVFG ( 103.1 FM ) is a commercial radio station in Victorville , California , broadcasting to the Victor Valley , California , area .
HCC Coleman College for Health Sciences is a community college based in Houston , Texas which is focused on health sciences .
Rockview Dam is a zoned earth - fill / rock - fill type dam located on the Palmiet River near Grabouw , Western Cape , South Africa .
The town lies within the local district of South Somerset and the Yeovil parliamentary constituency , situated at the southern boundary of Somerset , 130 miles ( 210 km ) from London , 40 miles ( 64 km ) south of Bristol and 30 miles ( 48 km ) from Taunton .
Davydivka ( Ukrainian : Давидівка ; Romanian : Davideni ) is a commune in Storozhynets Raion , Chernivtsi Oblast , Ukraine .
Lulong County ( simplified Chinese : 卢龙县 ; traditional Chinese : 盧龍縣 ; pinyin : Lúlóng Xiàn ) , formerly Yongping ( 永平 ) , is a county of Qinhuangdao City , in northeastern Hebei Province , China .
The Tammany Trace is a rail trail in Louisiana occupying a former Illinois Central Railroad corridor .
Castleblayney ( /ˌkæ.səl.ˈbleɪ.niː/ ; Irish : Baile na Lorgan , formerly Caisleán Mathghamhna , also spelled Castleblaney ) is a town in County Monaghan , Ireland .
The East Jaffrey Historic District is a historic district running roughly along NH Route 124 ( Main Street ) through Jaffrey , New Hampshire .
Rudziszki ( ruˈd͡ʑiʂki ) ( German : Raudischken , from 1938 - 45 Raudingen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo , within Węgorzewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
San Elijo State Beach is a California State Beach in San Diego County , California , USA ,
Lowzdar - e Sofla ( Persian : لوزدرسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Lowzdar - e Soflá and Lūzdar - e Soflá ; also known as Lourzdar - e Soflá , Lowzdar - e Pā’īn , and Lūzdar ) is a village in Hendudur Rural District , Sarband District , Shazand County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Houses at 364 and 390 Van Duzer Street are two historic homes located at Stapleton , Staten Island , New York .
Warthill is a village and civil parish in the Ryedale district of North Yorkshire , England , six miles north - east of York and 14 miles south - west of Malton .
Little Leigh ( formerly Leigh - juxta - Bartington ) is a civil parish and village within the unitary authority of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire , England .
Palczew ( ˈpalt͡ʂɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warka , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Puerto Navarino belongs to Cabo de Hornos commune and is connected to Puerto Williams by a gravel road .
Rissne is a neighborhood in the western part of Sundbyberg Municipality , Stockholm , Sweden .
Bird and Fish is a public art work by artist Gustav Bohland , located on the south side of Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
It is the capital of the Carlos Arvelo Municipality and of the Güigüe parish .
Umpqua Bank Plaza is a 19-story tall office tower in Downtown Portland , Oregon , United States .
South Hunterdon Regional High School is a regional public high school serving students in seventh though twelfth grades from three communities in southern Hunterdon County , New Jersey , United States , as part of the South Hunterdon Regional School District .
Bimorz ( Persian : بيمرز‎ , also Romanized as Bīmorz and Bīmarz ; also known as Kalāteh Bīmūrz ) is a village in Naharjan Rural District , Mud District , Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Kiaabad ( Persian : كيااباد‎ , also Romanized as Kīāābād ; also known as Keyābād , Kīābād , Kīāhābād , and Kiāhābād ) is a village in Rahmatabad Rural District , Rahmatabad and Blukat District , Rudbar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Sturgeon Pool is a reservoir near the hamlet of Rifton , in the Town of Esopus in Ulster County , New York .
Ciracas is a subdistrict ( kecamatan ) of East Jakarta , one of the five administrative cities which form Jakarta , Indonesia .
Margarash ( Persian : مرگرش‎ ; also known as Sārtak ) is a village in Beradust Rural District , Sumay - ye Beradust District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Estadio de Monteria is a stadium in Montería , Colombia that is under construction .
The Château de la Madeleine is a castle located in the town of Chevreuse , in the French département of Yvelines ( Île de France ) .
A former village , Amby is now a neighborhood ( part 25 ) of Maastricht , in the Netherlands , located about 4 km northeast of the center of the city .
South Brook Farm , also known as the Charles A. Higgins Estate and New Bolton Center for Veterinary Medicine , is a historic estate located in East Marlborough Township , Chester County , Pennsylvania .
Abkesheh ( Persian : اب كشه‎ , also Romanized as Ābkesheh ; also known as Ābgesheh and Maḩalleh - ye Ābkesh ) is a village in Tarq Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Natanz County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Kozłowice ( kɔzwɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzów Śląski , within Olesno County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Gettysburg Armory is a former National Guard armory located at Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania .
Roxwell is a village and civil parish in the Chelmsford District of Essex England .
Leith Links ( Scottish Gaelic : Fìghdean Lìte ) is the principal open space within Leith , the docks district of Edinburgh , Scotland .
The J.D. Woodruff Cabin Site is the location of the first European - American settlement in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming .
The Mou River or the Oué Pouémaeu is a river of northeastern New Caledonia .
Trzcianiec ( ˈtʂt͡ɕaɲet͡s ) ( Ukrainian : Тростянець , Trostianets '' ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne , within Bieszczady County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Dowleh Sir ( Persian : دوله سير‎ , also Romanized as Dowleh Sīr and Dūlehsīr ) is a village in Tilakuh Rural District , Ziviyeh District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Western University of Health Sciences ( WesternU ) is a private , non - profit , graduate school for the health professions , with a main campus located on 22 acres ( 8.9 ha ) in downtown Pomona , California , and an additional medical school campus on 50 acres in Lebanon , Oregon .
Kharaf Kam ( Persian : خرف كام‎ , also Romanized as Kharaf Kām , Kharfakām , and Kharfkām ; also known as Kharfeh Kām , Kharfekām , and Kherfakan ) is a village in Kasma Rural District , in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Ostrykół ( ɔsˈtrɨkuu̯ ) ( German Ostrokollen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prostki , within Ełk County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Chalco Hills Recreation Area is located in northwestern Sarpy County , Nebraska , and approximately 12 miles ( 19 km ) west of downtown Omaha .
Horton Grove was an area of houses for enslaved African - Americans at the 30,000-acre ( 120 km2 ) Bennehan - Cameron plantation complex , which included Stagville Plantation in the northeastern part of Durham County , North Carolina .
Zinnkopf is a mountain of Bavaria , Germany . It rises 1,227 m above sea level .
Las Terrazas is a small community and nature reserve in the municipality of Candelaria , Artemisa Province , Cuba .
Ardblair Castle is an L - plan castle ( with an added wing ) , dating from the 16th century , around 0.75 miles ( 1.21 km ) west of Blairgowrie in Perth and Kinross , Scotland .
Dudley Zoological Gardens is a 40-acre ( 16 ha ) zoo located within the grounds of Dudley Castle in the town of Dudley , in the Black Country region of the West Midlands , England .
Popham Beach State Park is a state park on the Atlantic Ocean in Phippsburg , Sagadahoc County , Maine .
Fargo South High School , more commonly known as Fargo South or South High , is a public high school located in Fargo , North Dakota .
Hills and Dales Estate is the home built for textile magnate Fuller E. Callaway and his wife Ida Cason Callaway completed in 1916 in Lagrange , Georgia .
Located in Point Loma , a neighborhood of San Diego , California , Naval Base Point Loma ( NBPL ) was established on 1 October 1998 when Navy facilities in the Point Loma area of San Diego were consolidated under Commander , Navy Region Southwest .
Middle Shebelle ( Somali : Shabeellaha Dhexe , Arabic : شبيلي الوسطى‎ ) is an administrative region ( gobol ) in southern Somalia .
Skopanie ( skɔˈpaɲe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranów Sandomierski , within Tarnobrzeg County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Nesebar Municipality ( Bulgarian : Община Несебър , Obshtina Nesebar ) is a Bulgarian municipality comprising the northern part of the Black Sea coast of Burgas Province , Bulgaria .
Reformierte Kirche Rüti ( native German name , literally : Rüti Reformed Church ) is an Evangelical Reformed church in the Swiss municipality of Rüti in the Canton of Zürich .
Buford High School is a public four year comprehensive high school located in Buford , Georgia USA , in the northern Metro Atlanta area .
Laurel Avenue Church of Christ is a Non - Denomination church belonging to the Restoration Movement Churches of Christ / Christian Churches located in Chesapeake , Virginia .
Pangaw is a small forest village in Hkamti Township in Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma .
Darreh Asb ( Persian : دره اسب‎ ; also known as Darasb ) is a village in Qaratureh Rural District , in the Central District of Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Do Shakhkharat ( Persian : دوشخراط‎ , also Romanized as Do Shakhkharāţ , Dowshkharāţ , Dūshkharāt , Dūsh Kharrāţ , and Doosh Kharrat ; also known as Gūshkāreh and Gush Kharād ) is a village in Cheshmeh Sar Rural District , in the Central District of Khvansar County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Plassenburg is a castle in the city of Kulmbach in Bavaria .
Stratfield Mortimer is a village and civil parish , just south of Reading , in the English ceremonial county of Berkshire and District ( unitary authority area ) of West Berkshire .
Strobl ( or Strobl am Wolfgangsee ) is a municipality of the Salzburg - Umgebung District ( Flachgau ) , in the northeastern portion of the Austrian state of Salzburg , right on the border with Upper Austria .
WWYL ( 104.1 FM , branded as Wild 104 ) is a radio station serving Binghamton , New York with a Top 40 ( CHR ) format .
The Eaglenest Range is a mountain range on the west side of the Spatsizi Plateau in northern British Columbia , Canada .
The Leverett Saltonstall Building is a high - rise building located in the Government Center district of Boston , Massachusetts .
El Goléa ( Arabic : القلعة‎ ) is an oasis town and commune , and capital of El Ménia District , in Ghardaïa Province , Algeria .
Aside from the colour changes in the Fo Tan Nullah , tests conducted in December 2015 by a private laboratory at the behest of Sha Tin District Councillor Scarlett Pong Oi - lan revealed that pollution had worsened in the Shing Mun River .
Qiaojia County ( 巧家县 ; pinyin : Qiǎojiā Xiàn ) is located in Zhaotong Prefecture in Yunnan Province , China .
Mount Rose Ski Tahoe is the closest ski resort to Reno , Nevada .
James Hall Transport Museum is located in Johannesburg South Africa . It is largest transport museum in Africa . It is a museum that aims to preserve and promote the history of over 400 years of transport in South Africa in particular and Africa in general .
The Field of Mars Reserve is a protected nature reserve located in the north -- western suburbs of Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia .
Gratteri ( Sicilian : Ratteri ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Palermo in the Italian region Sicily , located about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) southeast of Palermo .
Moradluy - e Sofla ( Persian : مرادلوي سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Morādlūy - e Soflá ; also known as Morādlū - ye Soflá ) is a village in Zangebar Rural District , in the Central District of Poldasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Woodbourne Heights , Baltimore is a community in northern Baltimore , Maryland .
Durban ( Zulu : eThekwini , from itheku meaning `` bay / lagoon '' ) is the largest city in the South African province of KwaZulu - Natal .
Jugtown Pottery was founded in 1921 by Jacques and Juliana Busbee , artists from Raleigh , North Carolina , who in 1917 discovered an orange pie dish and traced it back to Moore County .
Thunderbolt , Georgia is a small town located in Chatham County about 5 miles southeast of downtown Savannah .
Suffield Academy is a private coeducational preparatory school located in Suffield , Connecticut , USA .
As a major specialist paediatric hospital in Victoria , the Royal Children 's Hospital provides a full range of clinical services , tertiary care and health promotion and prevention programs for children and young people .
The Europa - Center is a building complex on the Breitscheidplatz in Berlin , with a high - rise tower .
Saratoga Race Course is a thoroughbred horse racing track in Saratoga Springs , New York , United States , with a capacity of 50,000 .
Grabowo - Kolonie ( ɡraˈbɔvɔ kɔˈlɔɲe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Augustów , within Augustów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Bundesstraße 185 ( abbreviation : B 185 ) is a German federal road or Bundesstraße in the state of Saxony - Anhalt .
Potok Wielki Drugi ( ˈpɔtɔk ˈvjɛlki ˈdruɡi ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Wielki , within Janów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Stojkowo ( stɔi̯ˈkɔvɔ ) ( German : Stöckow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dygowo , within Kołobrzeg County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Animal Wall is a sculptured wall depicting 15 animals in the Castle Quarter of the city centre of Cardiff , Wales .
Babi Dwór ( ˈbabi ˈdvur ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Okonek , within Złotów County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Majors Airport ( IATA : GVT , ICAO : KGVT , FAA LID : GVT ) is a city - owned airport five miles southeast of Greenville , in Hunt County , Texas .
Christ Church School is a private coeducational prep school located in Mumbai , India .
Southern University and A&M College is a historically black college in Baton Rouge , Louisiana .
WVQC - LP ( 95.7 FM ) is a non - profit , low - power FM radio station in Cincinnati , Ohio , licensed on the frequency 95.7 to Music Resource Center - Cincinnati .
Gumberk ( pronounced ( ˈɡuːmbɛɾk ) ) is a settlement in the hills above the right bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia .
Mannheim City Airport ( IATA : MHG , ICAO : EDFM ) ( City - Airport Mannheim in German , formerly Mannheim - Neuostheim / Neuhermsheim ) is a minor regional airport serving the German city of Mannheim .
Community Church of Gonzales is a historic Gothic Revival church building at 301 4th Street in Gonzales , California , United States .
Dastja ( Persian : دستجا‎ , also Romanized as Dastjā and Dastejā ; also known as Dastjā '' and Dastjāh ) is a village in Baraan - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Legend High School is a public high school in Douglas County School District RE-1 , and the first high school to be located within the city limits of Parker , Colorado since Parker High School was closed in 1958 .
The Wedgemere Historic District encompasses the largest single 19th - century residential development of Winchester , Massachusetts .
Dorsten ( German pronunciation : ( ˈdɔʁstən ) ) is a town in the district of Recklinghausen in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany and has a population of just below 80,000 .
Zabari - ye Yek ( Persian : زباري يك‎ , also Romanized as Zabārī - ye Yek ; also known as Shaikh Zibāri , Sheykh Zabārī , Sheykh Zebārī , Sheykh Zīārī , Zabārī , and Zobārī ) is a village in Miyan Ab Rural District , in the Central District of Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Cecenowo ( t͡sɛt͡sɛˈnɔvɔ ) ( German Zezenow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
It has a station on the Tyne and Wear Metro called Hebburn Metro station .
Navalurkottapattu is a Suburb and Revenue Divisional headquarters of Srirangam taluk in Tiruchirappalli district , Tamil Nadu , India . It is located 12 km to the west of Tiruchirapalli .
Yari Mahalleh ( Persian : ياري محله‎ , also Romanized as Yārī Maḩalleh ) is a village in Kharajgil Rural District , Asalem District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Helfaer Field , in Milwaukee , Wisconsin , is a Little League baseball field located next to Miller Park , home of the Milwaukee Brewers .
Middleshaw is a hamlet on the B6254 road , near the village of Old Hutton in the South Lakeland district , in the county of Cumbria , England .
Oak Mountain Amphitheatre , formerly known as the Verizon Wireless Music Center , is an outdoor amphitheater , owned by Live Nation , located in Pelham , Alabama , a few miles south of Birmingham .
Kahriz - e Kur Bolagh ( Persian : كهريزكوربلاغ‎ , also Romanized as Kahrīz - e Kūr Bolāgh ; also known as Kahrīz - e Kūrbolāghī ) is a village in Baladarband Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Babaheydar ( Persian : باباحيدر‎ , also Romanized as Bābā Ḩeydar and Bāba Haīdar ) is a city in the Central District of Farsan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
The Whipple Museum of the History of Science is a Museum attached to the University of Cambridge , United Kingdom , which houses an extensive collection of scientific instruments , apparatus , models , pictures , prints , photographs , books and other material related to the history of science .
It is also known as Schönewalde / Holzdorf Air Base , as most of the base is situated east of the Saxony - Anhalt / Brandenburg border , in the city of Schönewalde .
Ciemięrzowice ( t͡ɕɛmjɛ̃ʐɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orły , within Przemyśl County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Lake Easton is a lake and reservoir along the course of the Kachess River in the U.S. state of Washington .
Kochkahur ( Persian : کچ کهور‎ , also Romanized as Kochkahūr ) is a village in Gavkan Rural District , in the Central District of Rigan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Jaypee University of Information Technology ( also J. P. University of Information Technology and JUIT ) ( Hindi : जेपी सूचना तकनीक विश्वविद्यालय ) is a state ( private ) university in Waknaghat , Solan , Himachal Pradesh , India .
The Gordon Highlanders Museum is a 5-star Visit Scotland Attraction based in the west end of Aberdeen , Scotland .
Overfelt Gardens is a 33-acre ( 13 ha ) park in San Jose , California , United States .
Bobino Wielkie ( bɔˈbinɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoniawy - Bramura , within Maków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Sefid Tur - e Pain ( Persian : سفيدتورپايين‎ , also Romanized as Sefīd Ţūr - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Gharbi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Sutków ( ˈsutkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Tarnowska , within Dąbrowa County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Coume ( German : Kuhmen ; Lorraine Franconian : Kum ) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Goathill is a hamlet and civil parish in the county of Dorset in England , situated in the West Dorset district a couple of miles east of the town of Sherborne .
Babaklu ( Persian : بابك لو‎ , also Romanized as Bābaklū and Bobaklu ) is a village in Bayat Rural District , Nowbaran District , Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
WWVH is the callsign of the U.S. National Institute of Standards and Technology 's shortwave radio time signal station in Kekaha , on the island of Kauai in the state of Hawaii .
The Rural Municipality of Spiritwood No . 496 , Saskatchewan , first formed as Rural Municipality on December 9 , 1929 as a 3 township by 3 township R.M. One township is 6 miles by 6 miles square .
Ganjabad - e Yek ( Persian : گنج اباد1‎ , also Romanized as Ganjābād - e Yek ; also known as Ganjābād ) is a village in Sorkh Qaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Boston Young Men 's Christian Association ( also known as `` YMCA of Greater Boston '' ) was founded in 1851 in Boston , Massachusetts , as the first American chapter of the YMCA .
Koorachundu is a village towards the north east of Kozhikode district of Kerala in India .
Messex , Colorado is a virtual ghost town in Washington County , Colorado .
Aßlar ( or Asslar , ) is a town near Wetzlar in the Lahn - Dill - Kreis in Hesse , Germany .
The Rural Municipality of Whitemouth is a rural municipality located in southeastern Manitoba .
Baguio , officially the City of Baguio ( Ibaloi : Ciudad ni Bagiw ; Ilocano : Ciudad ti Baguio ; Pangasinan : Siyudad na Baguio ; Filipino : Lungsod ng Baguio ) and often referred to as Baguio City , is a highly urbanized city located in the province of Benguet in northern Luzon , island of the Philippines .
Ibitiúra de Minas is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil . Its estimated population in 2006 was 3,753 inhabitants .
Hotel Baker is a historic landmark in St. Charles , Illinois .
Malvern Wells is a village and civil parish near Great Malvern in the Malvern Hills District of Worcestershire , England .
Village Homes is a planned community in Davis , California , Yolo County , designed to be ecologically sustainable by harnessing the energies and natural resources that exists in the landscape , especially stormwater and solar energy .
Nicasio Reservoir is a shallow , artificial reservoir in the Nicasio Valley region of Marin County , California , United States .
Colliers Hatch is hamlet near the village of Toot Hill , in the Epping Forest District , in the English county of Essex .
Lochans is a small village around 2.5 miles ( 4.0 km ) south of Stranraer , in Dumfries and Galloway , south - west Scotland .
Rački Vrh ( pronounced ( ˈɾaːtʃki ˈʋəɾx ) ) is a settlement in the hills west of Hrastje in the Municipality of Radenci in northeastern Slovenia .
Espoo is located in southern Finland , along the shore of the Gulf of Finland , and in the region of Uusimaa and the Helsinki sub - region .
Keller Fountain Park is a city park in downtown Portland , Oregon .
KYPA ( AM 1230 JBC ) is a Korean - language radio station in Los Angeles , California .
Monterey Pass is a mountain pass near Blue Ridge Summit , Pennsylvania , and the Mason--
Cherry Hill Mall is located in Cherry Hill , New Jersey and is bound by Route 38 , Haddonfield Road ( County Route 644 ) , Church Road ( County Route 616 ) , and Cherry Hill Mall Drive .
The Varnum Building was a historic mixed - use commercial and residential building at 401 - 405 Bridge Street in Lowell , Massachusetts .
Mazlaqan ( Persian : مزلقان‎ , also Romanized as Mazlaqān ; also known as Marqakān , Mazdaqān , Mazdaqān - e Kohneh , Mazdaqān Kohneh , and Mazlaqān - e Kohneh ) is a village in Bayat Rural District , Nowbaran District , Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Vatmanabad ( Persian : وتمان اباد‎ , also Romanized as Vatmānābād ) is a village in Gavork - e Sardasht Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Wszeliwy ( fʂɛˈlivɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów , within Sochaczew County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Purleigh is a village on the Dengie peninsula about 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) south of Maldon in the English county of Essex .
Guancheng Hui District ( Chinese : 管城回族区 ; pinyin : Guǎnchéng Huízú Qū ; Xiao'erjing : قُوًاچْع خُوِذُو ٿُو ) is a district in the central part of the city of Zhengzhou in Henan Province , People 's Republic of China .
The Bubenbergplatz ( Bubenberg Plaza , named after Adrian von Bubenberg ) is a plaza in the Old City of Bern , the medieval city center of Bern , Switzerland .
Snake Alley is a street located in Burlington , Iowa , once recognized by Ripley 's Believe It or Not as the Crookedest Street in the World .
Hangi - ye Sofla ( Persian : هنگي سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Hangī - ye Soflá ) is a village in Korbal Rural District , in the Central District of Kharameh County , Fars Province , Iran .
Rogowa ( rɔˈɡɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolanów , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Chub Bor ( Persian : چوببر‎ , also Romanized as Chūb Bor ) is a village in Mamulan Rural District , Mamulan District , Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Observatory Circle is a street in Washington , D.C. It runs from Calvert Street to Massachusetts Avenue near 34th Street .
Naval Air Station Oceana or NAS Oceana ( IATA : NTU , ICAO : KNTU , FAA LID : NTU ) is a military airport located in Virginia Beach , Virginia , and is a United States Navy Master Jet Base .
Lawrence Academy at Groton is a private , nonsectarian , coeducational college preparatory school located in Groton , Massachusetts , in the United States .
The Petersen Events Center ( more commonly known as `` The Pete '' ) is a 12,508-seat multi - purpose arena on the campus of the University of Pittsburgh in the Oakland neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
James Whatman Way , currently known as the Gallagher Stadium , is a 3,063 capacity football stadium in Maidstone , Kent , England .
Delbarton School is a private all - male Roman Catholic college - preparatory school in Morristown , in Morris County , New Jersey , United States , educating young men in seventh through twelfth grades .
Gajle ( ˈɡai̯lɛ ) ( German : Gayl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pieniężno , within Braniewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Fred T. Foard High School is a public , coeducational high school located in the community of Propst Crossroads , ten miles ( 16 km ) west of Newton , North Carolina , United States .
Võivaku is a village in Suure - Jaani Parish , Viljandi County , located 13 km ( 8 miles ) north of the town of Viljandi , 8.8 km ( 5.4 miles ) north of the small borough of Olustvere and 10 km ( 6 miles ) southwest of the town of Suure - Jaani .
Daniel Morgan Monument is a historic monument located at Spartanburg , Spartanburg County , South Carolina .
The Regent Apartments , located in northwest Portland , Oregon , are listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
The Dolby Theatre ( formerly known as the Kodak Theatre ) is a live - performance auditorium in the Hollywood and Highland Center shopping mall and entertainment complex , on Hollywood Boulevard and North Highland Avenue , in the Hollywood district of Los Angeles , United States .
Berlin - Marienfelde station is a station and a freight yard on the Berlin--
Teresiny ( tɛrɛˈɕinɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn , within Krotoszyn County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Dunlap - Stone University ( DSU ) is a private , online institution headquartered in Phoenix , Arizona .
Gresham Street is a street in the City of London named after the English merchant and financier Thomas Gresham .
WARO is a commercial radio station located in Fort Myers , Florida , broadcasting to the southwest Florida area on 94.5 FM .
West Fork Furnace is a historic iron furnace and national historic district located near Floyd , Floyd County , Virginia .
The Landing Apartments ( formerly named the Dayton YMCA ) is an historic structure located at 117 West Monument Street in Dayton , Ohio .
Pandanadu ( also known as Pandavar Nadu ) is a village in Chengannur taluk in Alappuzha district , in Kerala , India .
North Irving Transit Center is a bus - only station located along Northwest Highway ( Spur 348 ) in Irving , Texas ( USA ) .
Șoldanu is a commune in Călărași County , Romania , 44 km ( 27 mi ) away from Bucharest .
Lebong Tandai is one of the villages in the subdistrict of Napal Putih , North Bengkulu Regency , Bengkulu province , Indonesia .
The Mecklenburg County Sportsplex is a large sports complex and park in Matthews , North Carolina , southeast of Charlotte .
Blumberg is a municipality situated in the Schwarzwald - Baar region of Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture ( Chinese : 恩施土家族苗族自治州 ; pinyin : Ēnshī Tǔjiāzú Miáozú Zìzhìzhōu ) is located in the mountainous southwestern corner of Hubei province , People 's Republic of China .
Governor Dodge State Park is a 5,270-acre ( 2,133 ha ) Wisconsin state park outside Dodgeville in Iowa County , Wisconsin .
Waldbröl is a town is in the southern part of the Oberbergischer Kreis ( district ) , in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Dezna ( Hungarian : Dézna ) is a commune in Arad County , Romania .
Stare Suski ( ˈstarɛ ˈsuski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długosiodło , within Wyszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Jaworznica ( javɔʐˈnit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiełczygłów , within Pajęczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Slayton Farms - Round Barn is an historic structure located near Iowa Falls in rural Hardin County , Iowa .
Kuźnica Skakawska ( kuʑˈnit͡sa skaˈkafska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieruszów , within Wieruszów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Grassy Hill Natural Area Preserve is a 1,440-acre ( 580 ha ) Natural Area Preserve located in Franklin County , Virginia , just to the west of the town of Rocky Mount .
Berkeley Zen Center ( BZC ) , temple name Shogakuji ( 正覚寺 Shōgaku - ji ) , is a Sōtō Zen Buddhist practice center located in Berkeley , California led by Sojun Mel Weitsman .
Kalarm ( Persian : كلرم‎‎ , also Romanized as Kolarm and Kolram ; also known as Kalāram ) is a village in Sardar - e Jangal Rural District , Sardar - e Jangal District , Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Biała Wola ( ˈbjawa ˈvɔla ) ( German : Dittrichsdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubomino , within Lidzbark County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Pondville Correctional Center is a minimum security / pre - release Massachusetts state prison .
The Googleplex is the corporate headquarters complex of Google , Inc. , located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway in Mountain View , Santa Clara County , California , United States , near San Jose .
The Haughs is a football ground and area of playing fields in the Scottish town of Turriff , Aberdeenshire .
Saltfleet District High School is located at 108 Highland Road West Stoney Creek , Ontario , and is a member of the Hamilton - Wentworth District School Board .
Irvington Bus Terminal is a regional bus terminus in Irvington , New Jersey .
Afra Koti - ye Hajj Ahmad ( Persian : افراكتي حاج احمد‎ , also Romanized as Āfrā Kotī - ye Ḩājj Aḩmad ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Xianrenzhuang Subdistrict ( Chinese : 仙人庄街道 , literally , `` Immortal 's Village Subdistrict '' ) , formerly Xianrenzhuang Township ( Chinese : 仙人庄乡 ) is a township - level division of Gulou District of the prefecture - level city of Kaifeng , in the province of Henan , China .
Spodnje Bitnje ( pronounced ( ˈspoːdnjɛ ˈbiːtnjɛ ) ; German : Unterfeichting ) is a village south of Kranj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Dražen Petrović Basketball Hall ( Croatian : Košarkaški centar Dražen Petrović or Dvorana Dražen Petrović ) is an Indoor sporting arena in Zagreb , Croatia .
Castella de Aguada ( Portuguese : Fort of the Waterpoint ) , also known as the Bandra Fort , is a fort located in Bandra , Mumbai .
Domaine Faiveley is a wine producer in Burgundy , France situated in Nuits - Saint - Georges and established in 1825 .
The Western Auto Building , also known as the Coca - Cola Building or the Candler Building , is located at 2107 Grand Boulevard , in the Crossroads neighborhood of Kansas City , Missouri .
Duncraig railway station is a remote railway station by the shore of Loch Carron on the Kyle of Lochalsh Line , serving Duncraig Castle , a mansion near Plockton , in the Highland council area of northern Scotland .
Caeathro is a village situated on the A4085 road between Caernarfon and Waunfawr in Gwynedd , northwest Wales .
Nobina Norge AS is a Norwegian bus company , owned by Nobina , that operates in the counties of Akershus , Hordaland and the cities of Oslo and Tromsø .
The Spruce Run Earthworks is an archaeological site located in the central part of the U.S. state of Ohio , in Delaware County .
Gradoczno ( ɡraˈdɔt͡ʂnɔ ) ( Ukrainian : Градочна , Hradochna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narew , within Hajnówka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Bakesh - e Yek Rural District ( Persian : دهستان بكش يك‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Palais Ephrussi is a former Ringstraßenpalais in Vienna .
Week St Mary ( Cornish : Gwig Sen Maria ) is a civil parish and village in northeast Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
The Indooroopilly Railway Bridge is a railway bridge of steel truss design which crosses the Brisbane River , Queensland , Australia .
Va'a - o - Fonoti is a district on the north east coast of Upolu Island in Samoa , with a population ( 2001 Census ) of 1,666 , making it the least populated district in the country .
Potter Heigham is a village and civil parish on the River Thurne in the English county of Norfolk .
Faizpur is a city and a municipal council in Jalgaon district in the state of Maharashtra , India . It belongs to Yawal taluka .
Edison Courts is a Miami - Dade 345-unit public housing apartment complex just west of the Little Haiti ( Lemon City ) neighborhood of Miami , Florida .
Maharishi School of the Age of Enlightenment ( MSAE or Maharishi School ) is an independent , non - denominational , college preparatory school located in Fairfield , Iowa , USA.The school was founded in 1974 , received state accreditation in 1986 and began single - gender classes in 1989 .
Checkendon is a village and civil parish about 6 miles ( 10 km ) west of Henley - on - Thames in South Oxfordshire and about 9 miles ( 14 km ) north west of Reading in Berkshire .
Boshkeh ( Persian : بشكه‎ ) is a village in Alan Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Bucsu ( German : Butsching , Croatian : Bučura , Buča ) is a village in Vas County , Hungary , in the vicinity of Szombathely .
Burscough ( /ˈbɜrskoʊ/ or /ˈbɜrskə/ ) is a large village and civil parish within West Lancashire in North West England , to the north of both Ormskirk and Skelmersdale . The parish also includes the hamlet of Tarlscough and the Martin Mere Wetland Centre .
Jäderfors is a locality situated in Sandviken Municipality , Gävleborg County , Sweden with 284 inhabitants in 2010 .
Tha Wang Phrao ( Thai : ท่าวังพร้าว ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of San Pa Tong District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Montemassi is a village in Tuscany , central Italy , administratively part of the comune of Roccastrada , in the province of Grosseto .
Military Base , Semnan ( Persian : پايگاه هوايي‎ -- Pāygāh - ye Havāīī ; also known as Manṭaqeh - ye Neẓāmī ) is a village and military installation in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Semnan County , Semnan Province , Iran .
The Port of Barrow refers to the enclosed dock system within the town of Barrow - in - Furness , England .
The Albert C. Wagner Youth Correctional Facility is a detention facility , located on Ward Avenue in Bordentown , New Jersey , United States .
Pełkowo ( pɛu̯ˈkɔvɔ ) ( German : Pelkshof ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mrągowo , within Mrągowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Księża Wola ( ˈkɕɛ̃ʐa ˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka , within Rawa County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Prides Corner School was a public school in Maine and it served grades K--2 .
Jarauda or Jaroda is a large village located in Muzaffarnagar Mandal ( subdistrict ) in the district of Muzaffarnagar in the state of Uttar Pradesh in India .
The Philadelphia Free School also known as Philly Free School or PFS , is a Democratic Free School in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Majewo - Kolonia ( maˈjɛvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Milejewo , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Tangyuan County ( Chinese : 汤原县 ; pinyin : Tāngyuán Xiàn ) is a county of the prefecture - level city of Jiamusi , province of Heilongjiang , China .
Shanaqi - ye Sofla ( Persian : شناقي سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Shanāqī - ye Soflá or Shenaqi Soflá ; also known as Shanāqī - ye Pā’īn , Shanqī - ye Pā’īn , and Shenāqī ) is a village in Qushkhaneh - ye Pain Rural District , Qushkhaneh District , Shirvan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Umatilla Municipal Airport ( FAA LID : X23 ) is a public - use airport located 1 nautical mile ( 1.85 km ) east of the central business district of the city of Umatilla in Lake County , Florida , United States .
Northfield Manor House is a Manor House , on Bristol Road South , Northfield , Birmingham , England .
Qasr al - Banat , Girls castle or Palace of the Ladies , are a set of brick ruins of a residence dating from 12th century in the Syrian city of Ar - Raqqah .
Pachaug State Forest is the largest forest in the Connecticut state forest system , encompassing over 27,000 acres ( 110 km² ) of land .
Pacific Place is a complex of office towers , hotels and a shopping centre situated at 88 Queensway , in Admiralty , Hong Kong .
The Red Hill Fire Observation Station consists of a fire lookout tower , cabin and pit privy located on the summit of Red Hill , a 2,990-foot ( 910 m ) Catskill Mountain peak in Denning , New York , United States .
Pieve Tesino ( German : Tesin ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) east of Trento .
St. Jean Baptiste Roman Catholic Church , also known as the Église St - Jean - Baptiste , is a parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York at the corner of Lexington Avenue and East 76th Street in the Lenox Hill neighborhood of the Upper East Side of Manhattan , New York City .
Artigas Department ( Spanish : Departamento de Artigas , Spanish pronunciation : ( arˈtiɣas ) ) is the northernmost department of Uruguay , located in its northwestern region .
Nikielkowo ( ɲikʲɛlˈkɔvɔ ) ( German Nickelsdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Mareng is a village development committee in the Arghakhanchi District of the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal .
Askarabad - e Deli Bajak ( Persian : عسكراباددلي بجك‎ , also Romanized as ʿAskarābād - e Delī Bajak ) is a village in Sepidar Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Lower Lake Stone Jail , in Lower Lake , California , claimed to be the smallest jail in the United States , was erected in 1876 of stone locally quarried and reinforced with iron .
WCVK ( 90.7 FM ) is a Christian radio station with studios and transmitter located in Bowling Green , Kentucky , United States .
Herilabad ( Persian : هريل اباد‎ , also Romanized as Herīlābād ) is a village in Cham Chamal Rural District , Bisotun District , Harsin County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Skarbkowa ( skarpˈkɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice , within Rawa County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Versailles State Park ( pronounced locally as ver - SAYLES ) is an Indiana state park , near the town of Versailles , Indiana , USA .
Poshtkuh - e Abdan ( Persian : پشت كوه ابدان‎ , also Romanized as Poshtkūh - e Ābdān ) is a village in Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District , Rudkhaneh District , Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Binghamton Theatre , also known as the Capri Theatre , The Forum , and Broome Center for the Performing Arts , is a historic theater , located at Binghamton , in Broome County , New York .
Fartan - e Kohneh ( Persian : فرطان كهنه‎ , also Romanized as Farţān - e Kohneh ) is a village in Azari Rural District , in the Central District of Esfarayen County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Minkówka ( miŋˈkufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narewka , within Hajnówka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
The Rossman - Prospect Avenue Historic District is a small residential neighborhood located near the eastern end of the city of Hudson , New York , United States .
Anaikarai is a village panchayat under thiruvidaimaruthur taluk in Tanjavur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
The Academy Palace ( Paleis der Academiën ( Dutch ) or Palais des Académies ( French ) ) is a neoclassical palace in Brussels , situated on the Place des Palais / Paleizenplein by the Royal Palace of Brussels and the Brussels Park .
The Old Cemetery , also known as the Milk Row Cemetery , is a historic cemetery on Somerville Avenue and School Street in Somerville , Massachusetts .
Gethsemane Lutheran Church is a historic Lutheran church at 1510 Congress Avenue in downtown Austin , Texas .
Citrus Stadium is a 10,000-capacity multi - use stadium located in Glendora , California .
The House at 206 West Street in Reading , Massachusetts , is a well - preserved Greek Revival cottage .
Husborne Crawley is a small village and civil parish in Bedfordshire , England , located close to Junction 13 of the M1 motorway .
Tap Tao ( Thai : ตับเต่า ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Thoeng District , in Chiang Rai Province , Thailand .
Tengjia ( Chinese : 滕家镇 ) is a town in Rongcheng City , Weihai , in eastern Shandong province , China .
Deh - e Shul ( Persian : ده شول‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Shūl ) is a village in Gughar Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
WSYE ( 93.3 FM ) , known as `` Sunny 93.3 '' , is a `` Bright '' adult contemporary radio station with studios in Tupelo , Mississippi .
The Institut Saint - Luc is an arts school in Brussels .
Garibaldi Lake is a turquoise - coloured alpine lake in British Columbia , Canada , located 37 km ( 23 mi ) north of Squamish and 19 km ( 12 mi ) south of Whistler .
The Silcox Hut is a small rustic mid - mountain lodge located at 6,950 feet ( 2,120 m ) elevation on Mount Hood , Oregon , United States .
The Kent Free Library is a public Carnegie library located in Kent , Ohio , United States .
The District Schoolhouse No . 2 is an historic school building on Old Post Road ( Rhode Island Route 1A ) in the Cross Mills section of Charlestown , Rhode Island .
The Ukrainian National Chornobyl Museum ( Ukrainian : Український національний музей `` Чорнобиль '' ) is a history museum in Kiev , Ukraine , dedicated to the 1986 Chernobyl disaster and its consequences .
Roos Field is an outdoor college football stadium in the northwest United States , on the campus of Eastern Washington University in Cheney , Washington .
Trzcinisko ( tʂt͡ɕiˈniskɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cedry Wielkie , within Gdańsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The William C. Mooney House , also known as the Mooney Mansion , is located at 122 North Paul Street in Woodsfield , Ohio .
Hampton Hill ( initially known as ' New Hampton ' ) is a place in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames to the west of Twickenham , bounded by Fulwell and Twickenham Golf Course to the northwest ; the road bridge over the railway line ; a line southward just east of Wellington Road ;
Shatrunjaya ( `` place of victory against inner enemies '' ) originally Pundarikgiri ) , also spelt Shetrunjaya are hills located by the city of Palitana , in Bhavnagar district , Gujarat , India .
Do Azab ( Persian : دوازاب‎ , also Romanized as Do Azāb ) is a village in Gavkan Rural District , in the Central District of Rigan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Canadian Mennonite University ( CMU ) is a Christian university located in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada that awards three and four - year degrees in a variety of programs .
Chollerton is a village in Northumberland , in England situated on the A6079 road , about 6 miles ( 10 km ) to the north of Hexham , on the River North Tyne .
The Brooklin IOOF Hall is an commercial and fraternal society building at the junction of Center Harbor Road and Reach Road ( Maine State Route 175 ) in Brooklin , Maine .
Mikandi ( Persian : ميكندي‎ , also Romanized as Mīkandī ; also known as Makīdī and Myakidi ) is a village in Misheh Pareh Rural District , in the Central District of Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Myśliwczów - Kolonia ( mɨˈɕlift͡ʂuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgomłyny , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Corinium Dobunnorum was the Romano - British settlement at Cirencester in the present - day English county of Gloucestershire .
Located at 121 Donald Lynch Boulevard in Marlborough , Massachusetts , the New England Sports Center is a two - story , six - rink ice - skating facility located on 22.3 acres ( 90,000 m2 ) of suburban land .
Albu Obeyd ( Persian : البوعبيد‎ , also Romanized as Ālbū `` Obeyd and Albū `` Obeyd ) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 714 , in 103 families .
Worcester Country Club is a private country club and golf course in Worcester , Massachusetts .
Sarferaz ( Persian : سرفراز‎ , also Romanized as Sarferāz ) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Église Saint - Jean - Baptiste du Faubourg is a Roman Catholic church in Aix - en - Provence .
The former Eighth Precinct Police Station is a building located at 4150 Grand River Avenue in the Woodbridge Historic District of Detroit , Michigan .
Cwmcarvan ( Welsh : Cwmcarfan ) is a small rural village in Monmouthshire , south east Wales .
The Oak Beach Inn , commonly referred to by the abbreviation OBI , was a Long Island nightclub located in Oak Beach , on Jones Beach Island near Captree State Park in the Town of Babylon , Suffolk County , New York .
Samuel and Johanna Jones Farm is a historic home and farm complex located near Amsterdam in Montgomery County , New York .
Miedzyn ( ˈmjɛd͡zɨn ) ( German : Meinhof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipiany , within Pyrzyce County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Keseh ( Persian : كسه‎ ) is a village in Khamir Rural District , in the Central District of Khamir County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Sai Wan War Cemetery ( Chinese : 西灣國殤紀念墳場 ) is a military cemetery located in Chai Wan , Hong Kong .
Klokke Stadion , from 1931 on known as Albert Dyserynck Stadion , was a multi - use stadium in Bruges , Belgium .
Golushjerd ( Persian : گلوشجرد‎ , also Romanized as Golūshjerd , Golūshejerd , Galooshjerd , and Galūshjerd ; also known as Gol Shekū , Golūshījer , Gulshegar , Gulshigard , and Kolūshjerd ) is a village in Haram Rud - e Olya Rural District , in the Central District of Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Ålem is a locality situated in Mönsterås Municipality , Kalmar County , Sweden with 803 inhabitants in 2010 .
The Caprock Escarpment is a term used in West Texas and Eastern New Mexico to describe the geographical transition point between the level high plains of the Llano Estacado and the surrounding rolling terrain .
Addison Village Hall was a historic village hall located at Addison in Steuben County , New York .
Sakhtman Taher ( Persian : ساختمان طاهر‎ , also Romanized as Sākhtmān Ţāher ) is a village in Dehrud Rural District , Eram District , Dashtestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Kuchenan ( Persian : كوچنان‎ , also Romanized as Kūchenān ) is a village in Alamut - e Bala Rural District , Rudbar - e Alamut District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
The Stone Cottage is a 2006 Country - French inspired home near Cumberland , Maryland , designed and built by Kelly L. Moran .
Havanirooz 1st Combat Base ( Persian : پایگاه یکم رزمی هوانیروز کرمانشاه‎‎ -- Pādegān - e Havānīrūz ) is a military installation in Dorudfaraman Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Jalandhar district ( Doabi:ਜਲੰਧਰ ਜ਼ਿਲਾ , Jalandhar Zilā ) is a district in the state of Punjab in North - West Republic of India .
Saladoblanco ( Spanish pronunciation : ( salaðoˈβlaŋko ) ) is a town and municipality in the Huila Department , Colombia .
Kadrina Parish ( Estonian : Kadrina vald ) is a rural municipality in Lääne - Viru County , northern Estonia .
Qareh Goni ( Persian : قره گني‎ , also Romanized as Qareh Gonī ; also known as Qarah Gownī ) is a village in Ijrud - e Pain Rural District , Halab District , Ijrud County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Drzeń ( dʐɛɲ ) ( German : Dryhn ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Sławoborze , within Świdwin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Chief Kamiakin Elementary School in Sunnyside , Washington , was the first public school to be named after the famous chief of the Yakama , Chief Kamiakin .
Frozen Head State Park and Natural Area is a state park in Morgan County , Tennessee , in the southeastern United States .
Begbroke is a village and civil parish in Oxfordshire about 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) west of Kidlington and 5 miles ( 8 km ) northwest of Oxford .
Lake Shore Chapel is a historic chapel on Shorewood Road at the junction with Campbell Road in Douglas , Michigan .
Kothanalloor ( ml:കോതനല്ലൂര്‍ ) is a village located in the Kottayam District of Kerala , India .
Juchnowiec Dolny ( juxˈnɔvʲɛt͡s ˈdɔlnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Moravská Třebová ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈmorafskaː ˈtr̝̊ɛbovaː ) ; German : Mährisch Trübau ) is a town in the Svitavy District and lies in the Pardubice Region , Czech Republic .
Food and Environmental Hygiene Department ( Chinese : 食物環境衞生署 ) , or FEHD ( 食環署 ) for short , is a department of Hong Kong Government , reporting to the Health , Welfare and Food Bureau .
The Five Corners Historic District is a historic district encompassing the central district of the village of South Williamstown , Massachusetts .
Museu Aeroespacial is a national aviation museum located in the West Side of Rio de Janeiro , Brazil in the Administrative Region of Realengo .
Ajuda da Bretanha is a northern civil parish in the municipality of Ponta Delgada , on the island of São Miguel in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores .
Belle Vue Zoological Gardens was a large zoo , amusement park , exhibition hall complex and speedway stadium in Belle Vue , Manchester , England , opened in 1836 .
Protowo ( prɔˈtɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychliki , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Aqcheh Lucheh ( Persian : آقچه لوچه‎ , also Romanized as Āqcheh Lūcheh ; also known as Āghcheh Lūcheh and Āqcholujah ) is a village in Sardrud - e Olya Rural District , Sardrud District , Razan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Qomrud Rural District ( Persian : دهستان قمرود‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
South Cobb High School is a public high school located on Clay Road , in Austell , Georgia , United States .
Foster 's Mound ( 22 AD 503 ) is a Plaquemine culture archaeological site located in Adams County , Mississippi northeast of Natchez off US 61 .
Harcourt Garden ( Chinese : 夏慤花園 ; Jyutping : haa6 kok3 faa1 jyun4 ) is a small urban park in Admiralty , Hong Kong , constructed in the mid-1990s .
Sorkheh - ye Do ( Persian : سرخه دو‎ ) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Shahrak - e Durak ( Persian : شهرك دورك‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Dūrak ; also known as Dūrak ) is a village in Mashayekh Rural District , Naghan District , Kiar County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
The Baltimore & Ohio Railroad Bridge , Antietam Creek was a timber trestle bridge near Keedysville , Washington County , Maryland , United States .
WBBL - FM ( 107.3 FM , `` The Ball '' ) is a radio station broadcasting an all - sports format in Grand Rapids , Michigan .
The Raeapteek ( English : Town Hall Pharmacy ; German : Ratsapotheke ) is in the center of Tallinn city , Estonia .
Fort Boreman is a historic archaeological site encompassing a Civil War fortification located near Parkersburg , Wood County , West Virginia .
The Descanso , Alpine and Pacific Railway is a 2 ft ( 610 mm ) narrow gauge heritage railroad located in Alpine , California .
Blooming Prairie High School is a Public school located in Blooming Prairie , Minnesota .
Sham Tseng ( Chinese : 深井 , literally `` deep well '' ) is a coastal area in Tsuen Wan District , Hong Kong , between Ting Kau and Tsing Lung Tau .
Bayatlar ( Persian : بيات لر‎ , also Romanized as Bayātlār and Bayātlar ; also known as Balatlar and Bayātlū ) is a village in Zanjanrud - e Bala Rural District , in the Central District of Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
The Mount Zirkel Wilderness is a U.S. Wilderness Area located in Routt National Forest in northwest Colorado .
Deh Daqan ( Persian : دهداقان‎ , also Romanized as Deh Dāqān and Deh Daqūn ) is a village in Behnamarab - e Jonubi Rural District , Javadabad District , Varamin County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Keystone Airpark ( FAA LID : 42J ) , also known as Keystone Heights Airport , is a public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) north of the central business district of Keystone Heights , a town in Clay County , Florida , United States .
The Voorlezer 's House is a historic clapboard frame house in Historic Richmond Town in Staten Island , New York .
Park City Mountain Resort is a ski resort in the western United States in Park City , Utah , located 32 miles ( 51 km ) east of Salt Lake City .
Dolge Company Factory Complex , also known as Alfred Dolge and Sons Felt and Sounding Board Factories and Daniel Green Factory Complex , is a national historic district located at Dolgeville in Herkimer County , New York .
Saru Kola ( Persian : ساروكلا‎ , also Romanized as Sārū Kolā ) is a village in Kuhsaran Rural District , in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Kiaram ( Persian : كيارام‎ , also Romanized as Kīārām and Keyārām ) is a village in Nilkuh Rural District in the Central District of Galikash County , Golestan Province , Iran .
The Illinois School for the Deaf ( ISD ) is a pre - kindergarten , elementary and high school for the deaf and hard of hearing in Jacksonville , Illinois .
Beyt - e Mohareb ( Persian : بيت محارب‎ , also Romanized as Beyt - e Moḩāreb and Beyt - e Maḩāreb ; also known as Bait - i - Muhārib ) is a village in Veys Rural District , Veys District , Bavi County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Stackpole and Castlemartin is a community in Pembrokeshire , Wales .
The Healdsburg Transfer Station is a solid waste recycling and reuse facility in Sonoma County , California , located at 166 Alexander Valley Road , north of the City of Healdsburg .
Parker Homestead State Park is a former Montana state park located in southeastern Jefferson County , near Three Forks , Montana in the United States .
Wymysław ( vɨˈmɨswaf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodzież , within Chodzież County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Tarom Sar ( Persian : طارم سر‎ , also Romanized as Ţārom Sar ) is a village in Luleman Rural District , Kuchesfahan District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Motzstraße is a street in Schöneberg , Berlin which now runs from Nollendorfplatz via Viktoria - Luise - Platz to Prager Platz .
Nowy Jaworów ( ˈnɔvɨ jaˈvɔruf ) is a village in the urban - rural Gmina Jaworzyna Śląska , within Świdnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Kitchissippi Ward ( Ward 15 ) is a city ward in the city of Ottawa , Canada .
Tikhvor ( Persian : طيخور‎‎ , also romanised as Ṭīkhvor and Ṭīkhūr ) is a village in Kuhpayeh - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Abyek County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
The Fugina House is a historic Prairie School style house located in Fountain City , Wisconsin .
Guranabad ( Persian : گوران اباد‎ , also Romanized as Gūrānābād ; also known as Kūrānābād ) is a village in Beradust Rural District , Sumay - ye Beradust District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Miedzichowo ( mjɛd͡ʑiˈxɔvɔ ) ( German : Kupferhammer ) is a village in Nowy Tomyśl County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Datça is a district of Muğla Province in south - west Turkey , and the center town of the district .
Sitkalidak Island is an island in the western Gulf of Alaska in the Kodiak Island Borough of the state of Alaska , USA .
Great Salt Plains Lake is a reservoir located within the Salt Plains National Wildlife Refuge in Alfalfa County , Oklahoma in the United States named because of the salt flats in the area and for the Salt Fork Arkansas River , which is dammed to form the lake .
Servite College is a co - educational Roman Catholic high school in the Perth suburb of Tuart Hill , Western Australia .
Yeager Airport ( IATA : CRW , ICAO : KCRW , FAA LID : CRW ) is a public airport three miles ( 6 km ) east of downtown Charleston , in Kanawha County , West Virginia , United States .
The three - story house is located at 75½ Bedford St. , off Seventh Ave . between Commerce and Moore Streets , in the West Greenwich Village section of Manhattan .
Hoseynabad - e Qajar ( Persian : حسين ابادقاجار‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Qājār ; also known as Ḩoseynābād and Ḩoseīnābād ) is a village in Jamalabad Rural District , Sharifabad District , Pakdasht County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Burtonwood and Westbrook is a civil parish in the outermost suburbs of Warrington , Cheshire , England .
Karniewek ( karˈɲɛvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pokrzywnica , within Pułtusk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Churcham is a small village and civil parish in the Forest of Dean District of Gloucestershire in England , located 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) west of Gloucester .
Ronsin ( or : Ronsen ) is a village in the Kogho Department of Ganzourgou Province in central Burkina Faso .
The Stevenson Peters House is a historic farm complex near the city of Circleville in Pickaway County , Ohio , United States .
Gifford Pinchot National Forest is a National Forest located in southern Washington , USA , managed by the United States Forest Service .
The Henry Law Farm Historic District is a farmstead located at the junction of Reed Road and Plum Run Road near Tappan Lake in Harrison County , Ohio , United States .
Jersey Baptist Church Cemetery is a historic church cemetery located on SR 1272 in Linwood , Davidson County , North Carolina .
The Rohm and Haas Corporate Headquarters in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , United States was built as the headquarters for the former chemical manufacturing company Rohm and Haas .
The ByTowne Cinema is a one - screen repertory movie theatre located in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Nulvi ( Sardinian : Nujvi ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Sassari in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 180 kilometres ( 110 mi ) north of Cagliari and about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) northeast of Sassari .
Cill Chiaráin ( anglicized as Kilkieran ) is a village in County Galway , Ireland .
Kuścińce ( kuɕˈt͡ɕiɲt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuźnica , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Marmion Avenue is a 38 kilometre arterial road in the northern coastal suburbs of Perth , Western Australia , linking Trigg in the south with Yanchep in the north .
Bławatków ( bwaˈvatkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piekoszów , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Colonel Patrick O'Rorke Memorial Bridge is a bascule bridge in New York , United States , that connects the Rochester neighborhood of Charlotte to the town of Irondequoit .
Gudtak ( Persian : گودتاك‎ , also Romanized as Gūdtāk ) is a village in Sepidar Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Widegates is a village in south - east Cornwall , about 4 miles north of Looe .
Englishman River is located in the eastern side of Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada .
Barrhead Airport , ( TC LID : CEP3 ) is located 1.7 nautical miles ( 3.1 km ; 2.0 mi ) southwest of Barrhead , Alberta , Canada .
Bab Nem ( Persian : باب نم‎ , also Romanized as Bāb Nem and Bāb Nam ) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Belleville Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KRPB , FAA LID : RPB ) is a city - owned airport a mile west of Belleville , in Republic County , Kansas , United States .
Lloydminster Hospital is a community hospital in the border community of Lloydminster , Saskatchewan , Canada .
The Teatro Lirico Giuseppe Verdi is an opera house located in Trieste , Italy and named after the composer Giuseppe Verdi .
The South Fork Fishing and Hunting Club was a Pennsylvania corporation which operated an exclusive and secretive retreat at a mountain lake near South Fork , Pennsylvania for more than fifty extremely wealthy men and their families .
Gaianes ( Valencian pronunciation : ( ɡaˈjanes ) , Spanish : Gayanes ( ɡaˈʝanes ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of Comtat , Alicante , Valencia , Spain .
The Mark Twain Boyhood Home , now known as the Mark Twain Boyhood Home & Museum , is located on 206 - 208 Hill Street , Hannibal , Missouri , on the west bank of the Mississippi River in the United States .
Nowy Garwarz ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈɡarvaʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Great Waldingfield is a village and civil parish in the Babergh district of Suffolk , England about two miles ( 3 km ) north - east of Sudbury and two miles ( 3 km ) south - west of its sister village , Little Waldingfield .
Otxandio ( in Basque and officially , in Spanish Ochandiano ) is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay , in the Basque autonomous community , Spain .
Arjas ( Persian : ارجاس‎ , also Romanized as Arjās ; also known as Argus , Arjāsb , and Ugāsin ) is a village in Khenaman Rural District , in the Central District of Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Pueblo Grande Ruin and Irrigation Sites are pre - Columbian archaeological sites and ruins , located in Phoenix , Arizona .
The Porcupine Rim Trail , located near Moab , Utah , is a popular mountain biking trail almost as famous as the Slickrock Trail .
Thirumandagoundanpalayam is a small village in Puliyampatti Panchayat , a rural area in Coimbatore district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
KZFN ( 106.1 FM , `` Z - Fun 106 '' ) is a radio station in Moscow , Idaho .
Copper Hills High School is located in West Jordan , Utah , situated just east of the Oquirrh Mountains in the southwest corner of the Salt Lake Valley near the Bingham Canyon Copper Mine .
Chit Bon ( Persian : چيت بن‎ , also Romanized as Chīt Bon ; also known as Chat Bon ) is a village in Shanderman Rural District , Shanderman District , Masal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Downey Studios was a production studio in Downey , California .
Arlecdon is a village in the Borough of Copeland in Cumbria , England , near the town of Whitehaven .
Dam Hara ( Persian : دم هرا‎ , also Romanized as Dam Harā ; also known as Dam Harā’ī and Dam Havā’ī ) is a village in Mehran Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Weatherford College ( WC ; officially Weatherford College of the Parker County Junior College District ) is a community college located in Weatherford , Parker County , Texas , with branch campuses in nearby Wise County , Granbury and Mineral Wells .
Libkova Voda ( German Libekswasser ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Pelhřimov District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
The Bow Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies in Alberta and British Columbia , Canada .
The Basilica of Saint Praxedes ( Latin : Basilica Sanctae Praxedis , Italian : Basilica di Santa Prassede all’Esquillino ) , commonly known in Italian as Santa Prassede , is an ancient titular church and minor basilica in Rome , Italy , located near the papal basilica of Saint Mary Major .
Khasraj - e Owdeh ( Persian : خسرج عوده‎ ) is a village in Karkheh Rural District , Hamidiyeh District , Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Yawgoo Valley is the only skiing resort in Rhode Island .
Veľké Kozmálovce ( Hungarian : Nagykoszmály ) is a village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of Slovakia .
The R. Gallagher Generating Station is a four - unit coal - burning power plant located along the Ohio River some two miles ( 3 km ) downstream from New Albany , Indiana in southernmost Floyd County , Indiana .
Abingdon Square Park is located in the New York City borough of Manhattan in Greenwich Village .
Wielimowo ( vjɛliˈmɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłomłyn , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Abuyesan ( Persian : ابويسان‎ , also Romanized as Abūyesān , Abaveysān , Abavīsān , and Abveysān ; also known as Aboo Besan , Abū Nesyān , and Istin ) is a village in Miyan Jovin Rural District , Helali District , Joghatai County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Vine Street Expressway Bridge was built in 1959 and reconstructed 1989 by the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation .
Bashak ( Persian : باشك‎ , also Romanized as Bāshak ; also known as Bāshtak ) is a village in Khabar Rural District , Dehaj District , Shahr - e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Ballagawne Halt is a rural request stop on the Manx Electric Railway on the Isle of Man .
Mayer State Park is a state park in the Columbia River Gorge , near Rowena , Oregon in Wasco County in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Tsuen Wan Centre ( Chinese : 荃灣中心 ) is one of the largest private housing estates in Tsuen Wan , New Territories , Hong Kong , located at Tsuen King Circuit .
Mohammadabad - e Anuri ( Persian : محمدابادانوري‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammadābād - e Ānūrī ; also known as Moḩammadābād ) is a village in Malekabad Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Bangor City Forest is a large recreation area in Bangor , Maine .
Zuclo is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) west of Trento .
Esmail Sara ( Persian : اسماعيل سرا‎ , also Romanized as Esmāʿīl Sarā ; also known as Esmāeelsarā ) is a village in Divshal Rural District , in the Central District of Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Borovinići ( Serbian Cyrillic : Боровинићи ) is a village in the municipality of Foča , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Hegel House ( German : Hegelhaus ) is a museum in Stuttgart , Germany , located in the house where the philosopher Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel was born .
Jack Straw 's Lane is a residential road in Oxford , England .
Audencourt is a former commune of the French department of Nord , merged in 1961 into the commune Caudry .
The Shaare Zedek Medical Center ( Hebrew : מרכז רפואי שערי צדק‎ , Merkaz Refu'i Sha'arei Tzedek ) ( lit . `` Gates of Justice '' ) is a major hospital in Jerusalem , Israel .
The Chevron Richmond Refinery is a 2,900-acre ( 1,200 ha ) petroleum refinery in Richmond , California , on San Francisco Bay .
Güssenburg Castle ( also Güssenberg ) is a ruined castle on a hill near Hermaringen in Heidenheim County in Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Bay State Correctional Center ( BSCC ) was a small , general population medium security facility that stood on the grounds of the original dormitory buildings of Massachusetts Correctional Institution --
Badsworth is a village and civil parish in the City of Wakefield metropolitan borough in West Yorkshire , England .
Argelès - Gazost ( pronounced : ( aʁʒlɛs ɡaˈzɔst ) ; Occitan : Argelèrs de Gasòst ) is a commune in the Hautes - Pyrénées department in southwestern France .
Pleasant Home , also known as the John Farson House , is a historic home located in the Chicago suburb of Oak Park , Illinois , United States .
Quindaro Townsite is an archaeological district in the vicinity of North 27th Street and the Missouri Pacific Railroad tracks in Kansas City , Kansas .
Anjir Siah - e Sofla ( Persian : انجيرسياه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Anjīr Sīāh - e Soflá ; also known as Anjīr - e Sīāh ) is a village in Saghder Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Snell Valley is a depression landform in Napa County , California .
Realmonte ( Sicilian : Muntiriali ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Agrigento in the Italian region Sicily , located about 90 kilometres ( 56 mi ) south of Palermo and about 10 kilometres ( 6 mi ) west of Agrigento .
River Forest High School is a secondary school located in Hobart Township , Indiana , serving grades 9 - -12 .
Deh - e Khalili ( Persian : ده خليلي‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Khalīlī ; also known as Gandomkār - e Khalīlī ) is a village in Miankuh Rural District , Miankuh District , Ardal County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
The Upper Truckee River is a stream that flows northward from the western slope of Red Lake Peak in Alpine County , California to Lake Tahoe via the Truckee Marsh in South Lake Tahoe , California .
The Château de Bagatelle is a small neoclassical château with a French landscape garden in the Bois de Boulogne in the 16th arrondissement of Paris .
The Atlantic Beach Bridge is a 153-foot ( 47 m ) long toll drawbridge carrying NY 878 , connecting Lawrence and Atlantic Beach ( Park Street ) , New York , while passing over the west end of Reynolds Channel .
Alamo Heights High School is a public high school located in the city of Alamo Heights , Texas and is the only high school in the Alamo Heights Independent School District .
Kalamunda National Park is a national park in Western Australia , 23 kilometres ( 14 mi ) east of Perth , near the town of Kalamunda .
Rolbik ( ˈrɔlbik ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brusy , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Holcomb Mausoleum Door , is a public artwork by American fabricator Amick & Wearley Monuments , located in Crown Hill Cemetery , which is near downtown Indianapolis , Indiana , United States .
Buíque is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Pernambuco , mesoregion of Agreste .
Buckhorn Reservoir is a reservoir in Wilson County , North Carolina created by the Buckhorn Dam .
Tell Masoud is an archaeological site west northwest of Tell Hazzine and 2 km away west from the Litani in the Beqaa Mohafazat ( Governorate ) .
Xinshe District ( Chinese : 新社區 ; pinyin : Xīnshè Qū ) is a rural district in Taichung , Taiwan .
KMGK , also known as Smooth Magic 107.1 , is a radio station with a Soft Gold format based in Glenwood , Minnesota owned by Branstock Communications .
Jadu Zehi Buhir ( Persian : جادوزهي بوهير‎ , also Romanized as Jādū Zehī Būhīr ) is a village in Polan Rural District , Polan District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Grand Rapids Public Museum , located in Grand Rapids , Michigan , is among the oldest history museums in the United States .
Grand Marais / Cook County Airport ( IATA : GRM , ICAO : KCKC , FAA LID : CKC ) is a county - owned , public - use airport located seven nautical miles ( 13 km ) northwest of the central business district of Grand Marais , a city in Cook County , Minnesota , United States .
Missouri Buttes are located in Crook County in northeast Wyoming on the northwest flank of the Black Hills Uplift .
Khorram Rah ( Persian : خرم راه‎ , also Romanized as Khorram Rāh ) is a village in Zilayi Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Clifton Springs Sanitarium is a historic sanitarium building located at Clifton Springs in Ontario County , New York .
The Rosenstein Park ( German : Rosensteinpark ) in Stuttgart is the largest English garden in southwest Germany .
The Little Liverpool Range is a mountain range of the Scenic Rim and Lockyer Creek valley , part of the Great Dividing Range , which is located in the South East region of Queensland , Australia .
Bishop Street ( officially rue Bishop ) is a north - south street located in downtown Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Gut Sorkheh ( Persian : گوت سرخه‎ , also Romanized as Gūt Sorkheh ) is a village in Dasht - e Lali Rural District , in the Central District of Lali County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Sar - e Balm ( Persian : سربلم‎ ) is a village in Ahmadi Rural District , Ahmadi District , Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Donohill or Dunohil ( Irish : Dún Eochaille ) is a village and civil parish in County Tipperary , Ireland .
L'Idéal Cinéma Jacques Tati is a movie theater in Aniche , France , and is claimed to be the oldest active public movie theater in the world .
The Harmon was a highrise building at the CityCenter Las Vegas development in Paradise , Nevada .
Tengelic is a village in Tolna County , Hungary .
Stockland Bristol ( formerly Stockland Gaunts ) is a village and civil parish in the Sedgemoor district of Somerset , between Bridgwater and the Steart Peninsula .
Puerto Boyacá is a Colombian river - port town and municipality by the Magdalena River in the Boyacá Department , where is also considered a Special Handling Zone due to its port status .
Jir Bagh ( Persian : جيرباغ‎ , also Romanized as Jīr Bāgh ; also known as Jīreh Bāgh ) is a village in Shirju Posht Rural District , Rudboneh District , Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Hinton - in - the - Hedges is a small village and civil parish in South Northamptonshire , England , 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) due west of the town of Brackley .
Meeman - Shelby Forest State Park is a state park in Shelby County , Tennessee near Memphis , Tennessee , located in the Southeastern United States .
Qom Province ( Persian : استان قم‎‎ , Ostān - e Qom ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran with 11,237 km² , covering 0.89 % of the total area in Iran .
The Coliseo Álvaro Sánchez Silva , is an indoor sporting arena located in Neiva , Huila , Colombia .
Khoshkhash ( Persian : خشخاش‎ , also Romanized as Khoshkhāsh ; also known as Khoshgāsh ) is a village in Darram Rural District , in the Central District of Tarom County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Kowloon Bay ( Chinese : 九龍灣 ; Jyutping : Gau Lung Waan ) is a bay and a town in Hong Kong .
Lake Ilo National Wildlife Refuge ( NWR ) is located in the U.S. state of North Dakota and is managed from Audubon National Wildlife Refuge by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service .
The Cornwall Bridge Railroad Station is located at the junction of Poppleswamp Brook Road and Kent Road in Cornwall , Connecticut .
The Borough of Eastleigh is a local government district and borough in Hampshire , England , bordering the unitary authority of Southampton , Test Valley , the City of Winchester and the Borough of Fareham .
Darreh Gharib ( Persian : دره غريب‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Gharīb ) is a village in Dehdez Rural District , Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
West Ardsley is commonly used to refer to an area on the south - west edge of the City of Leeds metropolitan borough , possessing a WF postcode in the WF3 ( Wakefield ) postcode area while the village telephone numbers are `` 0113 '' , the Leeds prefix .
Nazok Sara ( Persian : نازك سرا‎ , also Romanized as Nāzok Sarā ) is a village in Kurka Rural District , in the Central District of Astaneh - ye Ashrafiyeh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Idi Guz ( Persian : ايدي گوز‎ , also Romanized as Īdī Gūz ; also known as Sefīd Khānī and Sefīd Khvānī ) is a village in Kandovan Rural District , Kandovan District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The cities of Sherbrooke and Magog , Quebec , lie on the Magog River .
The American Net and Twine Company Factory is a historic factory at 155 2nd Street in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
The John Carter Brown Library is an independently funded research library of history and the humanities , part of Brown University in Providence , Rhode Island .
Eggleston is a village in County Durham , in England .
Independence Dam State Park is a 591-acre ( 239 ha ) in Defiance County , Ohio in the United States .
Wólka Szlachecka ( ˈvulka ʂlaˈxɛt͡ska ) ( German : Adlig Wolken ; until 1938 : Adlig Wolka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziorany , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Shelby Airport ( IATA : SBX , ICAO : KSBX , FAA LID : SBX ) is a county owned airport two miles north of Shelby , in Toole County , Montana .
Miquelon Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park located in Alberta , Canada , about 65 kilometres southeast of the city of Edmonton .
Dafchah ( Persian : دافچاه‎ , also Romanized as Dāfchāh ; also known as Katekūl - e Dāfchāh ) is a village in Kateh Sar - e Khomam Rural District , Khomam District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
J. Stephanus Stadium is a sports venue in Keetmanshoop in the ǁKaras Region of southern Namibia .
Brandiston is a small village and civil parish near the centre of the county of Norfolk , England , about two miles south - east of the small market town of Reepham , five miles south - west of the larger town of Aylsham and 10 miles north - west of the city of Norwich .
Galin Bolaghi ( Persian : گلين بلاغي‎ , also Romanized as Galīn Bolāghī ) is a village in Angut - e Gharbi Rural District , Anguti District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Orange County Government Center , located on Main Street ( NY 207 ) in Goshen , New York , is the main office of the government of Orange County .
Triple Crossing in Richmond , Virginia is believed to be the only place in North America where three Class I railroads cross at different levels at the same spot .
Amrita Island is a small inhabited island in Squeteague Harbor in the village of Cataumet in the town of Bourne , in Barnstable County , Massachusetts .
Wrocławki ( vrɔt͡sˈwafki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Papowo Biskupie , within Chełmno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Galleh Zani ( Persian : گله زني‎ , also Romanized as Galleh Zanī and Galleh Zenī ; also known as Gelzanī ) is a village in Abdan Rural District , in the Central District of Deyr County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
The Fielding Bradford House is an historic house built on a tract of land near North Elkhorn and Cane Run Creeks in Scott County , Kentucky .
Radenski Vrh ( pronounced ( ˈɾaːdɛnski ˈʋəɾx ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Radenci in northeastern Slovenia .
Żebrówka ( ʐɛˈbrufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kałuszyn , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Kruppwerke is a part of the city of Bochum in the Ruhr area in North Rhine - Westphalia in Germany .
Kościerzyna - Wybudowanie ( kɔɕt͡ɕeˈʐɨna vɨbudɔˈvaɲe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościerzyna , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Herron Airport ( FAA LID : 7G1 ) , is privately owned airport in New Cumberland , West Virginia , U.S. , part of the Pittsburgh Combined Statistical Area .
Point West Corporate Plaza is a two - building class A office complex in Sacramento , California .
Wes Skiles Peacock Springs State Park is a 733-acre ( 297 ha ) Florida State Park located on Peacock Springs Road , two miles ( 3 km ) east of Luraville and on State Road 51 , 16 miles ( 26 km ) southwest of Live Oak , Florida .
La Zone is a music venue for alternative and underground music in Liège , Belgium 50.637411 ° N 5.580325 ° E. It 's located in Outremeuse , the island in the middle of Liege and is hosting a wide variety of musical bands from everywhere in the world , as well as theatre , exhibitions , workshops .
Northside Methodist Academy is a K3 - 12 private Christian school located in Dothan , Alabama , on Redmond Road , started in 1975 .
Ryan Junge ( born September 7 , 1984 in Omaha , Nebraska ) is an American soccer player who current plays for the Missouri Comets of the MISL .
Constantin Pigla Sintat Brachet also known as Constantin Pigla ( born May 7 , 1990 in Cameroun ) is a Cameroonian footballer currently playing for Paniliakos F.C. in the Football League ( Greece ) as a Forward .
Ján Tabaček ( born April 7 , 1980 in Martin ) is a Slovak ice hockey player who is currently playing for the HC Slovan Bratislava in the Kontinental Hockey League .
Mike Lankshear ( born September 8 , 1978 in Burlington , Ontario ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player , currently playing for the Dundas Real McCoys in the MLH .
Doug Betters ( born June 11 , 1956 ) is an American football player who played defensive end for the Miami Dolphins from 1978 to 1987 .
Anton Blomqvist ( born March 7 , 1990 ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for the IK Oskarshamn in the HockeyAllsvenskan ( Swe.1 ) .
Madeleine Garrick ( born 1 April 1992 ) is an Australian basketball player who has competed for Australian Institute of Sport in the Women 's National Basketball League ( WNBL ) .
Vitaliy Hrytsay ( Ukrainian : Віталій Леонідович Грицай ; born 20 January 1991 in Horodysche , Cherkasy Oblast , Ukrainian SSR ) is a professional Ukrainian footballer who plays for FC Lviv in the Ukrainian First League .
Fiorenzo Chatrer ( born October 1 , 1987 in Breda ) is a Dutch footballer who played for Eerste Divisie club FC Oss during the 2006 - 2007 football season .
Jack Conan ( born 29 July 1992 ) is an Irish rugby union player for Leinster Rugby .
Allen Pinkett ( born January 25 , 1964 ) is a former professional American football player who played running back for six seasons for the Houston Oilers .
Jorge Perona García ( born 1 April 1982 in Enguera , Valencian Community ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Eldense as a forward .
Michel Mondeguer ( born on November 24 , 1988 in Kinshasa ) is a Democratic Republic of the Congo professional football player , who currently plays for USM Alger .
Antonio Franco Florensa ( 25 October 1911 -- 30 June 1996 ) was a Spanish professional football player and manager associated with Espanyol , FC Barcelona and Lleida .
He previously played at Wigan , Featherstone Rovers and Dewsbury Rams.and Most notably Batley Bulldogs where he became a fans favourite and playing 254 games Danny Maun 's usual position is centre .
David Doherty ( born 28 January 1987 in Leeds , Yorkshire , England ) is a rugby union player for the Leeds Carnegie in the RFU Championship .
Lew Han Hung is a Malaysian footballer who plays for Malaysia Premier League team Penang FA as a defender .
Volodymyr Kostevych ( Ukrainian : Володимир Євгенович Костевич ; born 29 October 1992 in Derevnya , Zhovkva Raion ) is a Ukrainian football striker who currently plays for club FC Karpaty Lviv in Ukrainian Premier League .
Carlos Daniel Hidalgo Cadena ( born January 25 , 1986 ) is a Colombian football ( soccer ) striker who recently played for Atlético Bucaramanga .
Niklas Storbacka ( born 20 February 1977 ) is a Finnish footballer , who currently represents FF Jaro of Veikkausliiga , the Finnish premier division of football .
Steve DaSilva ( born February 10 , 1987 in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan ) is a Canadian ice hockey player who currently plays for the Lloydminster Border Kings of the Chinook Hockey League .
Albert Dorca Masó ( born 23 December 1982 in Olot , Girona , Catalonia ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Zaragoza as a central midfielder .
Ismayil Mammadov ( born on 5 August 1976 ) is an Azerbaijani footballer who plays for FK Karvan .
Juan Ignacio Dinenno is an Argentine footballer who plays as a striker for Aldosivi , on loan from Racing .
Katja Trödthandl ( born 18 May 1989 ) is an Austrian footballer who plays as a midfielder for SV Neulengbach and the Austria national team .
Laurindo António Leal Tavares ( born 15 June 1982 in Lisbon ) , known simply as Laurindo , is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for C.D. Mafra as a midfielder .
Valmir Sulejmani ( born 1 February 1996 ) is a Kosovar professional footballer of Albanian ethnicity born in Germany who plays as a midfielder for Hannover 96 .
Faysel Kasmi ( 31 October 1995 ) is a Belgian professional football player who currently plays for AC Omonia on loan from Lierse .
Samir Zaoui ( born June 3 , 1976 in Aïn Boucif , Algeria ) is an Algerian football player who is currently playing for ASO Chlef in the Algerian Championnat National .
Heorhiy Buschan ( Ukrainian : Георгій Миколайович Бущан ; born 31 May 1994 in Odessa ) , is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who plays for FC Dynamo Kyiv in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Graham Kitchener ( born 29 September 1989 in Bromley ) is an English rugby union player for Leicester Tigers in the Aviva Premiership .
Jessie Clark ( born January 3 , 1960 in Thebes , Arkansas ) is a former professional American football player who played running back for eight seasons for the Green Bay Packers , Detroit Lions , Arizona Cardinals , and Minnesota Vikings .
Ralf Weber started playing football in 1974 at SpVgg Hainstadt before moving to Kickers Offenbach in 1982 .
Justin Sadler , born October 29 , 1982 in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , is a U.S. soccer midfielder who last played for USL Second Division side Harrisburg City Islanders .
Bojan Sanković ( Cyrillic : Бојан Санковић ; born 21 November 1993 ) is a Montenegrin professional footballer who plays for Újpest FC .
Edward Dewayne Douglas ( December 22 , 1931 -- April 11 , 2000 ) was an American football offensive tackle who played one season with the New York Giants of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Peter Daicos ( born 20 September 1961 in Fitzroy , Victoria ) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played his entire 250 game career with the Collingwood Football Club in the VFL / AFL .
Cynthia Uwak ( born 15 July 1986 in Akwa Ibom State ) is a Nigerian football striker who currently plays for Åland United in the Women 's League in Finland .
Kosei Shibasaki ( 柴崎 晃誠 , born August 28 , 1984 in Nagasaki ) is a Japanese footballer who plays for Sanfrecce Hiroshima in the J. League Division 1 .
Eldorbek Suyunov ( born 12 April 1991 ) is an Uzbekistani footballer who plays for Nasaf Qarshi and Uzbekistan national football team .
Fernando Gómez Herrera ( born 26 February 1984 ) , commonly known as Nando , is a Spanish footballer who plays for Real Jaén as a left back .
Peter Barinka is a Slovak professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for HKm Zvolen in the Slovak Extraliga .
Ryan Kinasewich ( born August 20 , 1983 ) is a Croatian - Canadian professional ice hockey forward who is currently playing with Dornbirner EC , in the Austrian Hockey League ( EBEL ) .
Charis Drakos ( born 12 May 1989 ) is a Cypriot football player currently playing for Digenis Akritas Morphou in the Cypriot Second Division .
Jerry Jensen ( born February 26 , 1975 ) is a former American football linebacker who played two seasons in the National Football League for the Carolina Panthers .
Dominik Kružliak ( born 10 July 1996 ) is a Slovak football player who currently plays for Fortuna Liga club MFK Ružomberok as a defender .
Max Ferdinand ( born November 4 , 1986 ) is a Haitian footballer currently playing for Baltimore Blast in the Major Arena Soccer League .
Dušan Galis ( born 24 November 1949 ) is a Slovak politician , a former Czechoslovak football player and a former manager of ŠK Slovan Bratislava .
Juan Manuel Quevedo ( born November 15 , 1983 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is an Argentine Association Football Midfielder currently playing for Club Almagro in Argentina .
In late June 2006 , Riki moved to Deportivo de La Coruña on a five - year contract .
Youssef Rabeh ( Arabic : يوسف رابح‎ ; born 13 April 1985 in Rabat ) is a Moroccan football player , who is currently playing for Wydad Casablanca .
Kelvin Ponde is a Montserratian footballer who plays for Ideal SC in the Montserrat Championship .
Claudio Matías Mirabaje Correa ( born March 6 , 1989 in Montevideo ) is a Uruguayan footballer currently playing as an attacking midfielder for Juventud de Las Piedras in the Uruguayan Primera División .
Safar Sardar ( born 17 May 1989 in Kolkata , West Bengal ) is an Indian footballer who plays as a defender for Mohun Bagan A.C. in the I - League and Calcutta Premier Division .
Félix Paredes ( born 25 April 1985 in Asunción , Paraguay ) is a Paraguayan footballer currently playing for Deportes Copiapó of the Primera B Chilena .
Ákos Füzi dr . ( born 24 March 1978 ) is a retired Hungarian football player who currently works as a club manager for Újpest FC .
Mohd Hazwan Zainun ( born 31 December 1987 in Kedah ) is a Malaysian footballer currently playing as a midfielder for Perlis FA .
Zakaria El Hachimi is a Moroccan professional footballer , who plays as a Defender for Raja Casablanca .
Jiří Polák ( born August 10 , 1977 ) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing in Slovakia with HK Nitra of the Slovak Extraliga .
Dougie Fife ( born 8 August 1990 ) is a Scottish rugby union player who plays for Edinburgh Rugby in the RaboDirect Pro12 .
Steffan Cook ( born 20 December 1989 in Carmarthen ) is a Welsh footballer who plays as a defender , currently for Ammanford A.F.C.
Mojmír Trebuňák ( born 30 January 1993 in Košice ) is a Slovak football forward who currently plays for the Corgoň Liga club MFK Košice .
Ivan Trubochkin ( Ukrainian : Іван Валерійович Трубочкін ; born 17 March 1993 in Kyiv , Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Dynamo-2 Kyiv in the Ukrainian First League .
Winston Bakboord ( born December 24 , 1971 in Rotterdam , Netherlands ) is a Dutch footballer who made his Eerste Divisie league debut during the 1992 - 1993 season with club SBV Excelsior .
Blake Parlett ( born May 13 , 1989 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player currently contracted to the KHL Medveščak Zagreb of the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .
Darren Garforth ( born 9 April 1966 ) is a former international rugby union footballer who played tighthead prop for Leicester Tigers and England .
Jonas Langmann ( born December 22 , 1991 in Bad Kissingen ) is a German professional ice hockey goaltender who currently plays for the Hamburg Freezers in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga ( German Ice Hockey League ) .
Al Campana is a former professional American football player who played running back for four seasons for the Chicago Bears and Chicago Cardinals .
Thankgod Amaefule ( born December 16 , 1992 in Port Harcourt ) is a Nigerian footballer currently playing for Heartland F.C.- Amaefule joined Dolphins F.C. in the summer of 2007 , after playing several seasons in Poland and Greece , including Veria FC in the Greek second level .
Rupert Pate ( September 6 , 1917 - May 20 , 2014 ) was a professional American football player who played offensive lineman for three seasons for the Chicago Cardinals and Philadelphia Eagles .
Germán Beltrán Juarez ( born 26 October 1979 in Alcañiz , Teruel , Aragon ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Club Portugalete as a forward .
Zsolt Sebők ( born 3 April 1979 ) is a Hungarian football goalkeeper who plays for Gyirmót SE in the Nemzeti Bajnokság II . He formerly played for Győri ETO FC and Videoton FC .
Mart Ristl ( born 7 July 1996 ) is a German footballer who plays as a Midfielder for VfB Stuttgart .
Luis Robles ( born May 11 , 1984 ) is an American soccer goalkeeper who currently plays for New York Red Bulls of Major League Soccer .
Tobias Damm ( born 30 October 1983 in Homberg ( Efze ) , Hesse ) is a German footballer plays for KSV Hessen Kassel .
Štěpán Kučera ( born 11 June 1984 in Prague ) is a Czech footballer who plays as a defender for FC Tobol in Kazakhstan Premier League .
Mohammad Naeem Rahimi ( born April 4 , 1994 ) is an Australian Midfielder that currently plays for Tampines Rovers FC in Singapore SuperLeague .
Norm Stoneburgh ( born March 31 , 1935 in Toronto , Ontario ) is a former all - star center who played thirteen seasons in the Canadian Football League for the Toronto Argonauts .
Rod Lewis ( born 16 June 1960 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who represented the Fitzroy Football Club and the North Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the 1980s .
Greg Primus ( born October 20 , 1970 in Denver , Colorado ) is a former American football player for the Chicago Bears of the NFL .
Klæmint Matras ( born on 20 May 1981 in Tórshavn , Faroe Islands ) is a retired football midfielder that spent his entire career with B36 Tórshavn in the Faroe Islands Premier League .
Jacek Kuranty ( born February 6 , 1978 in Tarnobrzeg ) is a Polish footballer who currently plays for Siarka Tarnobrzeg He was a popular player in Poland .
Đorđe Čotra ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ђopђe Чoтpa ; born 13 September 1984 in Benkovac ) is a Serbian footballer who currently plays for Zagłębie Lubin in the Ekstraklasa .
Alan Finney ( born 31 October 1933 ) is a former footballer who played for Sheffield Wednesday and Doncaster Rovers , featuring in over 500 games during his time at Hillsborough and the consistency of his performances made a popular member of the team among the Club 's supporters .
West Cenaj ( born 30 October 1994 in Pukë ) is an Albanian footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for KF Tirana in the Albanian Superliga .
Vladimir Malenkikh ( born October 1 , 1980 ) is a defenceman currently playing for Metallurg Magnitogorsk in the Kontinental Hockey League .
Carlos Nvomo Mangue ( born 13 May 1983 in Bata ) is an Equatoguinean football midfielder , who plays for Deportivo Mongomo in the First Division .
Clayton Holmes ( born August 23 , 1969 in Florence , South Carolina ) is a former professional American football player who was drafted in the third round of the 1992 NFL draft and played cornerback for four seasons for the Dallas Cowboys .
Thomas Tuchel ( German pronunciation : ( ˈtʰoːmas ˈtʊxəl ) ; born 29 August 1973 ) is a German retired footballer and the current head coach of Borussia Dortmund .
Alexei Yakhin ( born March 26 , 1984 ) is a Russian professional ice hockey goaltender who currently plays for HC Spartak Moscow of the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .
Igor Arsenijević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Игор Арсенијевић ; born 29 May 1986 in Belgrade ) is a Serbian football midfielder who is currently playing for Landskrona BoIS .
Ousmane N'Gom Camara ( born May 26 , 1975 in Conakry ) is a Guinean football player , who plays for AS Kaloum Star .
Dario Dainelli ( born 9 June 1979 in Pontedera , Province of Pisa ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a defender for Serie A club A.C. Chievo Verona .
Rodrigo Hernández Cascante ( born 22 June 1996 ) , commonly known as Rodri , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Villarreal CF B as a central midfielder .
Jermaine McGillvary is a professional rugby league footballer , currently playing at Huddersfield Giants in the Super League .
Don McNeal ( born May 6 , 1958 ) is a former American professional football player who played cornerback for the Miami Dolphins in the 1980s .
Roy Quinn ( 18 June 1919 -- 25 May 2001 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) from 1943 to 1944 for the Richmond Football Club and then from 1945 until 1946 for the North Melbourne Football Club .
Lennart Alexandersson ( born 31 March 1947 ) is a Swedish former football player who played for Halmstads BK in the 1960s and 1970s .
Oleksiy Hutsulyak ( Ukrainian : Олексій Олександрович Гуцуляк ; born 25 December 1997 in Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who currently plays for club FC Karpaty Lviv in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Tommy Goulden ( born 30 June 1981 ) is a rugby league player , who currently plays for Leigh Centurions .
Gareth Hewitt ( born 14 September 1976 ) is a professional rugby league footballer , playing at representative level for Scotland , and at club level for Leeds Rhinos , Salford City Reds , Sheffield Eagles , and Keighley Cougars , as a Centre .
Sergey Erzrumyan ( born on 22 November 1980 ) , is an Armenian football midfielder , currently with Armenian First League club Alashkert Martuni .
Abassin Alikhil ( born 19 April 1991 ) is an Afghan footballer who plays a defender for Viktoria Aschaffenburg .
Boris Babacar Diaw - Riffiod , better known as Boris Diaw ( born April 16 , 1982 ) , is a French professional basketball player for the San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) .
Olandis Gary ( born May 18 , 1975 in Washington , D.C. ) is a former American football running back who played for the Denver Broncos from 1999 to 2002 and the Detroit Lions from 2003 to 2004 .
Wim Tap ( 3 October 1903 -- 24 September 1979 ) was a Dutch footballer who played club football for ADO Den Haag .
Bill Swain is a former linebacker for the Los Angeles Rams , Minnesota Vikings , New York Giants and Detroit Lions between 1963 and 1969 .
Ahmet Engin ( born 9 August 1996 ) is a German football player who currently plays as a left winger for MSV Duisburg .
Francesco Belli ( born 13 March 1994 in Florence ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Serie B club Virtus Entella as a defender .
Arkadi Halperin ( Russian : Аркадий Борисович Гальперин ; born 21 May 1992 ) is a Russian professional association football player currently playing for FC Academia Chișinău .
Bimal Minj ( born 4 June 1988 , in Jharkhand ) is an Indian footballer who plays as a defender for ONGC F.C. in the I - League .
Leandro Gastón Sirino ( born February 22 , 1991 in Montevideo , Uruguay ) is an Uruguayan footballer currently playing for San Luis de Quillota of the Primera División B in Chile .
Martin Koopman ( born June 5 , 1956 in Wezep , Gelderland ) is a former football midfielder from the Netherlands , who played for Go Ahead Eagles , FC Twente and Cambuur Leeuwarden .
László Bartha ( born 9 February 1987 in Komló ) is a Hungarian football player who currently Paksi SE .
Mihály Korhut ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈmihaːj ˈkorhut ) ; born 1 December 1988 in Miskolc ) is a Hungarian football ( defender ) player who currently plays for Debreceni VSC .
Émilie Trimoreau is a French football defender currently playing for FCF Juvisy in the French First Division .
Aled Brew ( born 9 August 1986 ) is a Wales international rugby union player who plays as a winger for Newport Gwent Dragons .
Dan Watchurst ( born 15 March 1990 , Bristol ) is a former Welsh rugby union player for Newport RFC and the Newport Gwent Dragons .
Marco Antonio Pogioli , known as Marco ( born 6 September 1975 ) is a retired Brazilian footballer who played in Finland for FC Jazz , FC Haka and KuPS Kuopio .
Andrzej Szczypkowski ( born November 10 , 1971 ) is a Polish footballer ( midfielder ) - the captain of Zagłębie Lubin .
Daryl Turner is a former professional American football player that played wide receiver for the Seattle Seahawks in the National Football League for four years .
Ertuğrul Ersoy ( born 13 February 1997 ) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a defender for Süper Lig club Çaykur Rizespor on loan from Bursaspor .
Juan Carlos Sanhueza Gómez ( born May 17 , 1989 in Chile ) is a Chilean footballer currently playing for Ñublense of the Primera División B in Chile .
George Willis Hudlin ( May 23 , 1906 -- August 5 , 2002 ) was born in Wagoner , Oklahoma , and was a Major League Baseball pitcher for , most notably , the Cleveland Indians from 1926 to 1940 .
Kurt Schmied ( 14 June 1926 -- 9 December 2007 ) was a goalkeeper for First Vienna FC and Austria national football team .
Mihai Țurcan ( born 20 August 1989 , Bălți , Moldova ) is a Moldavian football Forward who plays for FC Veris .
Frédérik Cabana ( born May 16 , 1986 in Fleurimont , Quebec ) is a professional ice hockey left winger who currently plays for the Hamburg Freezers of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga ( DEL ) .
Ignacio Drago started career out with Unión Huaral in 2005 .
Olivier Jäckle ( born 7 July 1993 ) is a Swiss - German footballer , who currently plays for FC Aarau in the Challenge League .
Petar Zlatkov ( born 3 May 1984 ) is a Bulgarian footballer currently ( as of May 2012 ) playing for PFC Lokomotiv Mezdra as a forward .
Bart van Muyen ( born 19 December 1982 in Rotterdam ) is a former Dutch professional footballer who played during his career as a defender for FC Dordrecht and FC Oss in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Kristian Kuusela ( born 19 February 1983 ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey player ( right wing ) currently playing for Tappara of the Finnish Liiga .
Dmytro Bezruk ( Ukrainian : Дмитро Андрійович Безрук ; born 30 March 1996 in Velykyi Dalnyk , Odesa Oblast , Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who plays for FC Chornomorets Odesa in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Dragica Cepernić is a Croatian football defender currently playing in the Croatian 1st Division for ŽNK Osijek , with whom she has also played the Champions League .
Jimmy Maurer ( born October 14 , 1988 in Lawrenceville , Georgia ) is an American soccer player who plays for New York Cosmos in the North American Soccer League .
Louis A. Mackey ( born December 29 , 1977 in Richmond , California ) is a former American football Linebacker who played for the Dallas Cowboys in the National Football League .
Jim Marthinsen ( born 15 April 1956 ) is a retired Norwegian ice hockey goaltender , who played for the club Vålerenga Ishockey and for the Norwegian national team .
Yehor Kartushov ( Ukrainian : Єгор Олександрович Картушов ; born 5 January 1991 in Saky , Crimea , Ukrainian SSR ) is a Ukrainian footballer currently who is currently playing for FC Desna Chernihiv .
Martyn Holland ( 21 March 1977 ) is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s , playing at club level for Wakefield Trinity Wildcats ( Heritage # 1098 ) , as a Fullback .
Per Staffan Kronwall ( born September 10 , 1982 ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman currently serving as captain for Lokomotiv Yaroslavl of the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .
Zoe Hickel ( born July 10 , 1992 ) is an American women 's ice hockey player that competed with the Minnesota Duluth Bulldogs women 's ice hockey program in NCAA competition .
Angus Litherland ( born 12 October 1992 ) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Hawthorn Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Pär Zetterberg ( pronounced ( ˈpæː ˈʂɛttɛrˈbærj ) ; born 14 October 1970 ) is a Swedish former football midfielder , who played most of his career for R.S.C. Anderlecht .
Shamweel Qasim ( sometimes rendered Shamweel ) is a Maldivian footballer nicknamed `` Bonda '' , who plays as midfielder for New Radiant SC .
Yannick Bru ( born 22 May 1973 in Auch , Gers ) is a French rugby union coach and former footballer , currently serving as forwards coach at Stade Toulousain in the elite level of French rugby , the Top 14 .
Zaid Jaber ( born January 6 , 1991 ) is a Jordanian football player who plays as an Defender for Al - Yarmouk FC .
Blessing Makunike started his career in 1997 playing for Zimbabwe Premier Soccer League club CAPS United F.C. , where he played until the end of the 2002 season .
Denys Rebryk ( Ukrainian : Денис Ребрик ; born 4 April 1985 in Uzhhorod ) is a Ukrainian footballer currently under contract for Hungarian side Ceglédi VSE .
Taulant Kuqi ( born 11 November 1985 in Vlorë ) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays for Albanian club Flamurtari Vlorë in Albanian Superliga as a midfielder .
Simon Irving ( born 22 March 1967 ) is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s , playing at club level for Leeds , Keighley Cougars , and Doncaster , as a Centre .
Lucky Lekgwathi ( born 1 August 1976 in Ga - Rankuwa , Gauteng ) is a South African football defender for Orlando Pirates and South Africa .
Harrison Kennedy ( born on October 15 , 1989 ) in Monrovia ) is an Liberian footballer , who is currently playing for Mark Professionals .
Ivan Kozák ( born 18 June 1970 ) is a former Slovak footballer who played for FK Dukla Banská Bystrica , 1 .
Jyrki Saranpää ( born 30 August 1983 ) is a Finnish football player who plays for Veikkausliiga side Vaasan Palloseura .
Georgi Kovachev ( Bulgarian : Георги Ковачев ) ( born 24 February 1980 ) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing for Septemvri Simitli as a midfielder .
Francis Morton ( born 11 March 1992 ) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who currently plays as a left - back for Ebusua Dwarfs in the Ghana Football Leagues .
Nader Ghandri ( born February 15 , 1995 ) is a Tunisian footballer who plays for Club Africain and the Tunisia national under-23 football team .
Gene Cross ( born December 20 , 1971 ) is an American professional basketball coach , currently an assistant coach of the Reno Bighorns of the NBA Development League , affiliate of the Sacramento Kings .
Fabio Bertoli ( born 20 August 1996 ) is an Italian footballer who currently plays for Italian side Brescia Calcio as a midfielder .
Tarik Glenn ( born May 25 , 1976 ) is a former American football offensive tackle who played for the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Luis Fernando Furtado de Oliveira ( born 29 November 1990 ) , commonly known as Bolinha , is a Brazilian football midfielder who currently plays for the Slovak Corgoň Liga club FC ViOn Zlaté Moravce , on loan from FK Senica .
Marcos Ferreira Xavier ( Azerbaijani : Markos Ferrera Xave ; born 18 February 1982 in Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian - Azerbaijani football midfielder whose last known club was FK Karvan in the Azerbaijan Premier League .
René Monteagudo Miranda ( March 12 , 1916 -- September 14 , 1973 ) was a Major League Baseball pitcher and outfielder who played with the Washington Senators ( 1938 , 1940 , 1944 ) and Philadelphia Phillies ( 1945 ) .
Gaetano Carrieri ( born 10 March 1988 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Italian Lega Pro Seconda Divisione club Cosenza Calcio .
Karim Hendou , also known as Karim Khendu , ( Arabic : كريم هندو‎ , Ukrainian : Карім Хенду ) ( born May 27 , 1986 in Algiers ) is an Algerian footballer who plays for USM El Harrach in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 .
Shaka Bangura ( born February 9 , 1986 in Kissy ) is a Sierra Leonean footballer who currently playing for Atlanta Silverbacks in the North American Soccer League .
Yoann Chauvière ( born 16 April 1987 ) is a professional ice hockey Centre currently playing for Dauphins d'Épinal of the Ligue Magnus .
Alessandro Caparco ( born 7 September 1983 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Romanian CSM Studențesc Iași as a goalkeeper .
Mateusz Kwiatkowski is a Polish footballer who plays as a striker for Ruch Chorzów in the Polish Ekstraklasa .
Ibrahim Rachidi ( born 13 January 1980 ) is a professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for Ligue 2 club Gazélec Ajaccio .
Azem Mullaliu ( born in Kavajë ) is a retired Albanian footballer who played as a defender for Besa Kavajë in the Albanian Superliga during the 1970s .
Rivaldo Vítor Borba Ferreira ( born 19 April 1972 ) , known as Rivaldo ( Brazilian Portuguese : ( ʁiˈvawdu ) ) , is a Brazilian former professional footballer and the current president of Mogi Mirim Esporte Clube in Brazil .
Roger Hägglund ( 2 July 1961 -- 6 June 1992 ) was a professional ice hockey defenceman who played three games for the Quebec Nordiques of the National Hockey League in 1984 - -85 .
Óscar García Guerrero ( born 12 July 1988 in Granada , Andalusia ) , known simply as Óscar , is a Spanish footballer who plays for Norwegian club Raufoss IL as a striker .
Ármann Smári Björnsson ( born 7 January 1981 in Höfn ) is an Icelandic footballer currently playing for Íþróttabandalag Akraness .
Martin Gambles is a professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s , playing representative level for Ireland , and at club level for Gateshead Thunder , Chorley Lynx and Blackpool Panthers .
Paolo Bugas is a Filipino footballer who plays for Global F.C. and the Philippines national football team .
Madina Zhanatayeva ( born 3 May 1991 ) is a Kazakhstani women 's football midfielder currently playing for BIIK Kazygurt .
Khodor Salame ( Arabic : خضر سلامة‎ ) , ( born January 1 , 1984 ) is a Lebanese footballer who currently plays for Al - Safa ' SC .
Frank Ferrara , Jr. ( born November 7 , 1975 ) is a former American football defensive end in the National Football League , playing three years for the New York Giants and Philadelphia Eagles .
Kevin Huber ( born July 16 , 1985 ) is an American football punter for the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Elis Meetua is an Estonian football goalkeeper currently playing in the Meistriliiga for Pärnu JK , with whom she has also played the Champions League .
Renan Foguinho is a Brazilian footballer ( born on October 9 , 1989 in Londrina , Paraná . Play in the defensive midfielder position . He currently plays for Adanaspor .
Gaël Angoula ( born 18 July 1982 in Le Havre ) is a French footballer who plays as a defender for Angers SCO in Ligue 2 .
Caroline Graham Hansen ( born 18 February 1995 ) is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a winger for German Bundesliga club VfL Wolfsburg and the Norway women 's national football team .
Curtis Granderson , Jr. ( born March 16 , 1981 ) is an American professional baseball outfielder for the New York Mets of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) .
Henri Kiviaho ( born February 26 , 1994 ) is a Finnish ice hockey goaltender currently playing with the Ilves Tampere of the Finnish Liiga as a prospect of the Dallas Stars in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Isâad Bourahli ( born March 23 , 1974 in Setif , Algeria ) is an Algerian football player who is currently playing for USM Alger in the Algerian league .
Already at the age of six Steffen Kielstrup joined Vejle Boldklub and played all his youth years in the club .
Ole Avei ( born 13 June 1983 in Wellington , New Zealand ) is a Samoan International Rugby Union player , currently playing hooker with the Union Bordeaux Bègles in the French Top 14 .
Lonnie Wright ( January 23 , 1945 -- March 23 , 2012 ) was an American professional basketball and football player who played in the same season for the Denver Rockets of the American Basketball Association and the Denver Broncos of the American Football League before switching to basketball on a full - time basis .
Jovan Ninković ( Serbian : Јована Нинковић ; born July 25 , 1987 in Novi Sad ) is a Serbian professional football player who currently plays for Zagłębie Sosnowiec .
Eric Fotou Kamdem ( born 2 January 1986 ) is a Cameroon - born footballer who has played for the Thai side BEC Tero Sasana F.C. since February 2008 .
Hubert Max Lanier ( August 18 , 1915 -- January 30 , 2007 ) was an American left - handed pitcher in Major League Baseball who spent most of his career with the St. Louis Cardinals .
Vanja Milinković - Savić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Вања Милинковић-Савић ; born 20 February 1997 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Polish club Lechia Gdańsk .
Park Tae - soo ( Hangul : 박태수 ; born 1 December 1989 ) is a South Korean football Defender , who plays for FC Anyang in the K League Challenge .
Juan Carlos Unzué Labiano ( born 22 April 1967 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper , and the current assistant manager of FC Barcelona .
Romain Rambier ( born August 29 , 1981 in Montpellier ) is a French professional football player , who currently plays for AS Cannes .
Kensuke Fukuda ( 福田 健介 , born 24 July 1984 in Shizuoka ) is a Japanese football player who since 2007 has played defense for Ventforet Kofu .
Lionel Pizzinat ( born 8 August 1977 in Vernier ) is a Swiss footballer who spent most of his playing career at Servette FC .
Oscar Roberto Cornejo `` Toto '' Hernandez ( born 13 March 1983 in Santa Rosa , Argentina ) is an Argentine footballer who plays for his hometown team Club Atlético Santa Rosa .
Thomas Flath ( born 30 June 1964 in Düsseldorf ) is a German football player and manager , who is head coach of Borussia Mönchengladbach U17 .
Daniel Patrick Höhl ( born 25 December 1985 ) is a Danish professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for Hvidovre Ligahockey .
Roman Marych ( Ukrainian : Роман Ростиславович Марич ; born 17 July 1977 ) is a former Ukrainian football striker , and currently assistant coach of FC Lviv in the Ukrainian First League .
Richard de Carpentier is a young backrow forward playing for the Worcester Warriors club in his second professional contract .
Fauzal Mubaraq is an Indonesian footballer who plays for PSPS Pekanbaru in the Indonesia Super League as a goalkeeper .
Eduardo Alejandro López ( Spanish pronunciation : ( eˈðwarðo aleˈxandro ˈlopeθ ) , born 16 June 1989 ) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a left back and currently is a Cobresal .
Ray Staszak ( born December 1 , 1962 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) is a retired American professional ice hockey player who played in the National Hockey League for the Detroit Red Wings .
Choi Duck - joo ( Hangul : 최덕주 , born 3 January 1960 ) is a South Korea football former player , coach and current manager of Daegu FC .
Roald van Hout ( born 23 April 1988 in Waddinxveen ) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a winger for Eerste Divisie club FC Eindhoven .
Zvjezdan Misimović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Звјездан Мисимовић , Bosnian pronunciation : ( zʋjězdan misǐːmoʋit͡ɕ ) ; born 5 June 1982 ) is a Bosnian professional footballer , who most notably played for Bayern Munich , VfL Wolfsburg , Galatasaray and Dynamo Moscow as an attacking midfielder , during his active playing career .
Patrick Ochs ( born 14 May 1984 ) is a German footballer who currently is a free agent and most recently served VfL Wolfsburg .
Rovan Pereira ( born 17 November 1982 ) is an Indian footballer who plays as a Defender for Sporting Clube de Goa in the I - League .
Éric Sabin ( born 22 August 1974 in Sarcelles , Val - d'Oise ) is a French - born Martiniquais professional footballer , who currently plays for Nîmes Olympique .
Mouritz Botha ( born 29 January 1982 ) is a rugby union player who plays for the Newcastle Falcons in the Aviva Premiership .
Walter Risse ( 2 December 1893 -- 16 June 1969 ) was a German international footballer who played for Düsseldorfer SC 99 and Hamburger SV .
George Vishnu , the son of former Tamil actor Ravichandran and Malayalam actress Sheela , was chosen by producer Bhaskar to debut in a film titled Kadhal Rojavae in 1997 .
Hesiod 's Theogony identifies Horkos as the son of Eris ( `` strife '' ) and brother of various tribulations :
Abhimanyu ( Sanskrit : अभिमन्यु ) was the son of Arjuna and Subhadra .
Princess Olga , Duchess of Apulia ( née : Princess Olga Isabelle of Greece , Greek : Πριγκίπισσα Όλγα της Ελλάδας ; born 17 November 1971 ) is the daughter of author Prince Michael of Greece and Denmark and his wife , Marina Karella , an artist and daughter of the Greek business magnate Theodore Karella .
Rasolo 's mother was Lady Tarau of Tovu Totoya .
Blessed Yolanda of Poland ( also known as Helen ; 1235 -- 11 June 1298 ) was the daughter of King Béla IV of Hungary and Maria Laskarina .
Princess Feodora of Leiningen ( Anna Feodora Auguste Charlotte Wilhelmine ; 7 December 1807 -- 23 September 1872 ) was the only daughter of Emich Carl , Prince of Leiningen ( 1763 - -1814 ) and Princess Victoria of Saxe - Coburg - Saalfeld ( 1786 - -1861 ) .
Moses ' Hebrew mother , Jochebed , secretly hid him when the Pharaoh ordered all newborn Hebrew boys to be killed in order to reduce the population of the Israelites .
Princess Cristina of Bourbon - Two Sicilies ( full Italian name : Maria Cristina Pia Anna Isabella Natalia Elisa di Borbone delle Due Sicilie ) ( 24 December 1869 , Rome -- 28 March 1870 , Rome ) was the only child of King Francis II of the Two Sicilies and his wife , Maria Sophie of Bavaria .
Whizgig 's dam , Penelope was a contemporary of the 1801 Derby - winning filly Eleanor , beating her several times , and was half - sister to 1809 Derby winner Pope and the mares Pope Joan , Parasol and Prudence .
Manishtushu was the son of Sargon of Akkad and Queen Tashlultum , brother of En - hedu - ana and the father of Naram - Sin .
Annia Galeria Faustina Minor ( Minor is Latin for the Younger ) , Faustina Minor or Faustina the Younger ( born probably 21 September CE , died in winter of 175 or spring of 176 CE ) was a daughter of Roman Emperor Antoninus Pius and Roman Empress Faustina the Elder .
William d'Aubigny , 2nd Earl of Arundel ( b. ( 1138 - 1150 ) , d. 24 December 1193 ) , also called William de Albini III , was the son of William d'Aubigny , 1st Earl of Arundel and Adeliza of Louvain , widow of Henry I of England .
Sima Yu 's father Sima Zhong was developmentally disabled , and before he , then crown prince , was to marry his wife Jia Nanfeng , his father Emperor Wu gave him one of his own concubines , Consort Xie Jiu ( 謝玖 ) , so that Consort Xie could teach him how to have sexual relations .
D. Maria of Portugal , Duchess of Viseu ( 18 June 1521 -- 10 October 1577 in Lisbon ; Portuguese pronunciation : ( mɐˈɾiɐ ) ) was an Infanta of Portugal , the only daughter of King Manuel I of Portugal and Eleanor of Austria .
Prince Friedrich of Hesse and by Rhine ( Friedrich Wilhelm August Victor Leopold Ludwig ; 7 October 1870 -- 29 May 1873 ) was the haemophiliac second son of Louis IV , Grand Duke of Hesse , and Princess Alice of the United Kingdom , one of the daughters of Queen Victoria .
Parikshit was the grandson of Arjuna and Subhadra and the son of Abhimanyu and his wife Uttarā .
Catherine of Nassau - Dillenburg ( 29 December 1543 at Dillenburg Castle in Dillenburg -- 25 December 1624 in Arnstadt ) was a daughter of William I , Count of Nassau - Dillenburg and his second wife , Juliana of Stolberg .
Archduchess Marie Astrid of Austria ( née Princess Marie Astrid of Luxembourg ; born 17 February 1954 at Castle Betzdorf ) is the elder daughter and eldest child of Grand Duke Jean of Luxembourg and Princess Joséphine Charlotte of Belgium , and the wife of Archduke Carl Christian of Austria .
After witnessing Scar strike his mother Sarabi , Simba orders Scar to resign .
Caroline , Princess of Hanover ( Caroline Louise Marguerite ; born 23 January 1957 ) , is the eldest child of Rainier III , Prince of Monaco , and the American actress Grace Kelly .
Christiane Hörbiger is one of the three actress daughters of Austrian actors Attila Hörbiger ( 1896 - -1987 ) and Paula Wessely ( 1907 - -2000 ) .
Anna Catherine Constance Vasa of Poland ( Polish : Anna Katarzyna Konstancja Waza ; 7 August 1619 in Warsaw -- 8 October 1651 in Cologne ) was a Polish princess , daughter of King Sigismund III Vasa and his second spouse , Constance of Austria .
Eston Hemings Jefferson ( May 21 , 1808 -- January 3 , 1856 ) was born a slave at Monticello , the youngest son of Sally Hemings , a mixed - race slave .
In Greek mythology , Polynices , sometimes spelled Polyneices , /ˌpɒlᵻˈnaɪsiːz/ ( Greek : Πολυνείκης , transl . Polyneíkes , `` manifold strife '' ) was the son of Oedipus and Jocasta .
The Nesenbach is a stream in Stuttgart , the capital of Baden - Württemberg , Germany , a tributary of the Neckar .
The Chetwynd River rises southwest of Nareen , and flows generally west by north before reaching its confluence with the Glenelg River west of Moree .
The Tennessee River is the largest tributary of the Ohio River .
The Amper ( known in its upper reaches as the Ammer ) is a river in southern Bavaria , Germany -- the largest tributary of the Isar river .
Gardiners Creek , originally known as Kooyongkoot Creek , is a waterway in the eastern suburbs of Melbourne , and part of the Yarra River catchment .
The Peace River flows into the Slave River , a tributary of the Mackenzie River .
The Illinois River is a principal tributary of the Mississippi River , approximately 273 miles ( 439 km ) long , in the State of Illinois .
The Bonnieure is a river in the Charente département , southwestern France , left tributary to the river Charente .
The Merced River ( pronounced mer - SED ) , in the central part of the U.S. state of California , is a 145-mile ( 233 km)-long tributary of the San Joaquin River flowing from the Sierra Nevada into the San Joaquin Valley .
Washington Creek is a southward - flowing stream in Sonoma County , California , United States which enters the city of Petaluma and discharges to the Petaluma River .
The Fotscherbach is a right tributary of the Melach river and has a length of 12.30 km . It originates in the Stubai Alps on a height of 2200 metres .
The Harrison River is a short but large tributary of the Fraser River , entering it near the community of Chehalis , British Columbia , Canada .
Claise Brook is a stream which empties into Claisebrook Cove before running into the Swan River in Perth , Western Australia .
The Owendoher River ( Irish : An Dothra Bheag , i.e. `` The Little Dodder '' ) is a small river in southern County Dublin , Ireland , the largest tributary of the River Dodder , and a part of the River Liffey system .
The Matane River is a river on the Gaspé Peninsula in Quebec , Canada , which empties into the Saint Lawrence River at the city of Matane .
The Zinsel du Nord ( German : Nördliche Zinsel , also Moderbach ) , also called the North Zinsel or Northern Zinsel in English , is a left tributary of the River Moder , which is 43 kilometres ( 27 mi ) long from the source of the Moderbach stream .
Koonung Creek ( or Koonung Koonung Creek ) is a small tributary of the Yarra River in Melbourne 's east .
The Styr River ( Ukrainian : Стир ; Russian : Стырь ) is right tributary of the Pripyat River , with a length of 494 km . Its basin area is 13,100 km² .
The Clarée is a river in southeastern France , a tributary to the Durance .
The Blies is a right tributary of the Saar in southwestern Germany ( Saarland ) and northeastern France ( Moselle ) .
The Geehi River rises below Mount Jagungal , part of Strumbo Range within the Kosciuszko National Park , and flows generally southwest before reaching its confluence with the Swampy Plain River , below Mount Youngal , near the locality of Geehi .
The Preßnitz ( Czech : Přísečnice or Přísečný potok ) is a right - hand tributary of the River Zschopau in the state of Saxony in eastern Germany and in the Czech Republic .
The Wandse rises west of the village of Siek in Kreis Stormarn in Schleswig - Holstein and ends in the center of Hamburg in the Alster .
Lonja is a river in central Croatia , a left tributary of the Sava .
Orara River , a perennial stream of the Clarence River catchment , is located in the Northern Rivers district of New South Wales , Australia .
Fortress of War ( Russian : Брестская крепость ; translit . Brestskaia krepost ; festival title : The Brest Fortress ) is a 2010 Russian - Belarusian war film .
Summer ' 04 ( German : Sommer ' 04 an der Schlei ) is a 2006 German drama film directed by Stefan Krohmer and starring Martina Gedeck , Robert Seeliger , and Svea Lohde .
A Wednesday ! opens with Mumbai police commissioner Prakash Rathod ( Anupam Kher ) resting after a jog , describing in a voice - over that he is going to retire the following day .
Mr. and Mrs. Gambler is a 2012 Hong Kong romantic comedy film written , produced and directed by Wong Jing and starring Chapman To and Fiona Sit .
Eyes Down is a comedy starring Paul O'Grady as Ray Temple , the manager of a bingo hall in Liverpool , England called The Rio , although the series was filmed in Rayners Lane in London .
Where 's Officer Tuba ? is a 1986 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Philip Chan and Ricky Lau and starring Sammo Hung , David Chiang , Jacky Cheung and Joey Wong .
Bellyfruit is an adaptation of an original stage play of the same title which premiered at the Los Angeles Theatre Center on March 16 , 1996 .
Worst Week is set in Manassas , Virginia
Option Zero is a 1997 Hong Kong action film produced by Gordon Chan and John Chong and featuring the directorial debut of Dante Lam .
Much of the filming for Malcolm in the Middle was done on location in various parts of the Thirty Mile Zone around Los Angeles .
Filming of Creed of Gold took place in several locations near Indianapolis , Indiana and Detroit , Michigan with some additional photography taking place on location in New York City .
Toss - Up ( Turkish : Yazı Tura ) is a 2004 Turkish drama film , produced , written and directed by Uğur Yücel , starring Kenan İmirzalıoğlu and Olgun Şimşek as two soldiers return home from their military service in southeastern Turkey with disabilities .
A City Decides is a 1956 American short documentary film directed by Charles Guggenheim about the racial integration of St. Louis Public Schools .
Love Unto Waste is a 1986 Hong Kong drama film directed by Stanley Kwan and starring Tony Leung , Irene Wan , Elaine Jin , Tsai Chin , Chow Yun - fat with guest appearances by Elaine Chow and Winnie Yu .
The Millers is set in Leesburg , Virginia where Nathan Miller is a local television news reporter .
Step Up Revolution ( also known as Step Up 4 : Miami Heat , and previously titled Step Up 4Ever ) is a 2012 American 3D dance film and the fourth installment in the Step Up film series was released on July 27 , 2012 .
In this episode , the audience learns why the Sliders will now be able to slide anywhere between San Francisco and L.A. However , Fox opted to air `` Rules of the Game '' first , since it was a more action - oriented episode .
Basketball Wives LA is the Los Angeles based spin - off of Basketball Wives that premiered August 29 , 2011 , on VH1 .
The Really Big Family is a 1966 American documentary film directed by Alexander Grasshoff about the Dukes family of Seattle , who had 18 children .
The story is loosely based on the Los Angeles Police Department officers and detectives who formed a group called the `` Gangster Squad unit '' who attempted to combat Mickey Cohen and his gang during the 1940s and 1950s .
Fernand Cortez , ou La conquête du Mexique ( Hernán Cortés , or The Conquest of Mexico ) is an opéra in three acts by Gaspare Spontini with a French libretto by Etienne de Jouy and Joseph - Alphonse d’Esmenard .
Von Ryan 's Express is a World War II adventure film , released in 1965 , about a group of Allied prisoners who conduct a daring escape by hijacking a freight train and fleeing through German - occupied Italy to Switzerland .
The Jayhawkers ! ( 1959 ) is an American movie set in pre - Civil War Kansas , starring Jeff Chandler and Fess Parker , and directed by Melvin Frank .
Case Histories ( 2004 ) is a detective novel by British author Kate Atkinson and is set in Cambridge , England .
The Romancing Star II is a 1988 Hong Kong romantic comedy film written and directed by Wong Jing and starring Andy Lau , Eric Tsang , Natalis Chan and Stanley Fung .
Charles Marie René Leconte de Lisle ( French : ( ʃaʁl maʁi ʁəne ləkɔ̃t də lil ) ; 22 October 1818 -- 17 July 1894 ) was a French poet of the Parnassian movement .
Marguerite - Louise Odiot de Montroty , stage name Sophie Lothaire ( born in 1732 in Paris ) was a French dancer , actress and director who spent her whole career at the Théâtre de la Monnaie in Brussels .
Jean Victor Duruy ( 11 September 1811 -- 25 November 1894 ) was a French historian and statesman .
Guy Grosso ( 1933 - -2001 ) was a French actor and humorist .
Jan Mankes ( 15 August 1889 , Meppel , Drenthe -- 23 April 1920 , Eerbeek ) was a Dutch painter .
Marie , François , Oscar Bardi de Fourtou ( 3 January 1836 , Ribérac -- 6 December 1897 , Paris ) was a French politician .
Thomas Joannes Stieltjes ( Dutch : ( ˈstilcəs ) , 29 December 1856 -- 31 December 1894 ) was a Dutch mathematician .
Jordy van der Winden ( born 4 March 1994 ) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a left back for FC Den Bosch in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Peter Altmeier ( 12 August 1899 -- 28 August 1977 ) was a German politician ( Zentrum , later of the CDU ) .
Yves Jégo ( born 17 April 1961 ) is a French politician , member ( député ) of the French National Assembly for the third constituency of Seine - et - Marne ( Paris region ) and Mayor of Montereau - Fault - Yonne ( Seine - et - Marne ) .
Katalin Varga ( Hungarian : Varga Katalin ( ˈvɒrɡɒ ˈkɒtɒlin ) ; August 22 , 1802 - aft . 1852 ) was the leader of the Transylvanian Miners ' Movement in the 1840s .
Jean - Claude Gaudin ( born 1939 ) is a French politician for The Republicans .
Jules Albert Louppe ( 6 June 1856 -- 5 July 1927 ) was a French explosives engineer who became a politician .
Georges Melchior ( 15 September 1889 -- 2 September 1944 ) was a French actor of the silent era .
Véronique Olmi ( born 1962 ) is a French playwright and novelist .
François Périer , ( 10 November 1919 -- 29 June 2002 ) , born François Pillu in Paris , was a French actor .
Joseph Comiti ( 4 June 1920 -- 10 November 2000 ) was a French physician and politician .
Gaspard , Baron Gourgaud ( September 14 , 1783 -- July 25 , 1852 ) , also known simply as Gaspard Gourgaud , was a French soldier , prominent in the Napoleonic wars .
Jacques Chausson ( c. 1618 -- 29 December 1661 ) was a French ex - customs manager and writer .
Jean - Pierre Pernaut ( French : ( ʒɑ̃.pjɛʁ pɛʁ.no ) ; born 8 April 1950 in Amiens , Somme ) is a news reader and broadcaster on French television .
Anton von Aretin ( August 15 , 1918 -- June 12 , 1981 ) was a German politician , representative of the Bavaria Party and the Christian Social Union of Bavaria .
Jacques Bordeneuve ( August 28 , 1908 Sainte - Livrade - sur - Lot -- January 31 , 1981 Neuilly - sur - Seine ) was a French politician .
Luis Rego ( born 30 May 1943 ) is a French actor , comedian , writer and director , with Portuguese origins .
Romain Gary ( French : ( gaʁi ) ; 21 May ( O.S. 8 May ) 1914 -- 2 December 1980 ) , born Roman Kacew and also known by other pen names such as Émile Ajar , was a French diplomat , novelist , film director and World War II aviator of Litvak origin .
Michel Modo , born Michael Goi Henri Louis at Carpentras ( Vaucluse ) ( born March 30 , 1937 - died September 25 , 2008 ) , was a French actor and humorist .
Sequoyah ( ᏍᏏᏉᏯ Ssiquoya , as he signed his name , or ᏎᏉᏯ Se - quo - ya , as his name is often spelled today in Cherokee ) ( c. 1770 - -1840 ) , named in English George Gist or George Guess , was a Cherokee silversmith .
Alphonse Rabbe ( Alpes - de - Haute - Provence , 1784 ( ? ) -- Paris , 31 December 1829 ) was a French writer , historian , critic , and journalist .
Erick van Egeraat ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈeːrɪk vɑn ˈeːɣəraːt ) ; born 1956 ) is a Dutch architect and author .
Nicolas Antoine Boulanger ( 11 November 1722 , Paris -- 16 September 1759 , Paris ) was a French philosopher and man of letters during the Age of Enlightenment .
Robert Folz ( 12 March 1910 -- 5 March 1996 ) was a French medievalist and specialist on the Carolingian era .
Morganne Matis ( by her real name , Anne Tilloy ) is a French pop singer , and a former contestant in the third series of popular French television show Star Academy ( France ) of TF1 .
Henri Guissou ( 17 November 1910 , Koudougou , French Upper Volta -- 22 May 1979 , Koudougou ) was a Burkinabé politician and diplomat .
Patrice Laffont ( born 21 August 1940 in Marseille ) is a French television presenter , actor and entertainer .
Cloé Vidiane was a French singer who performed in operetta , cabaret shows and films in Paris in the 1920s and 1930s .
Ernestine Chassebœuf ( née Troispoux ) ( 1910 - -c.2005 ) was a ( fictitious ) French letter writer .
Stefanos Stratigos ( Greek : Στέφανος Στρατηγός ; 1926 -- April 6 , 2006 ) was a Greek actor in film and television .
Jean - Baptiste Billot ( 15 August 1828 , Chaumeil , Corrèze -- 31 May 1907 , Paris ) was a French general and politician .
François Lelord ( born 22 June 1953 in Paris ) is a French psychiatrist and author .
Georges Douking ( born Georges Ladoubée ; 6 August 1902 -- 20 October 1987 ) was a French stage , film , and television actor .
Christian Bobin ( born 24 April 1951 in Le Creusot , Saône - et - Loire ) is a French author and poet .
Simon Sabiani ( 1888 Casamaccioli , Corsica , France - 1956 Barcelona , Spain ) was a French businessman and politician .
Zeruya Shalev ( Hebrew : צרויה שלו‎ ) ( born May 13 , 1959 ) is a bestselling Israeli author .
Gustave Kahn ( 21 December 1859 , in Metz -- 5 September 1936 , in Paris ) was a French Symbolist poet and art critic .
Andrea Fischer ( born January 14 , 1960 in Arnsberg / Westfalen ) was a member of the German Bundestag for the German Green Party and from 1998 until 2001 Federal Minister for Health .
Serge Bramly ( born January 31 , 1949 in Tunis , Tunisia ) is a French - language writer and essayist .
Édith Jéhanne was a French film actress of the silent and early sound eras .
Roger de Rabutin , Comte de Bussy ( 13 April 1618 -- 9 April 1693 ) , commonly known as Bussy - Rabutin , was a French memoirist .
Marie Čermínová ( 21 September 1902 , Prague -- 9 November 1980 , Paris ) , known as Toyen , was a Czech painter , draftsperson and illustrator and a member of the surrealist movement .
Gabriel Péri ( Peri ) ( 1902 - -1941 ) was a prominent French Communist journalist and politician , and member of the French Resistance .
Henry Laverne ( born Henri Allum ; 1888 or 1890 -- 4 September 1953 ) was a French stage and film actor ;
Pierre Martin Victor Richard de Laprade ( 13 January 1812 -- 13 December 1883 ) , known as Victor de Laprade , was a French poet and critic .
Karl Zéro is the stage name of Marc Tellenne ( born August 6 , 1961 in Aix - les - Bains , Savoie ) , is a French writer , actor and filmmaker .
Lysiane Rey ( Jacqueline , Andrée , Albertine , Louise Leharanger ) ( 13 November 1922 in Amiens -- 1 October 1975 in Maisons - Laffitte ) was a French actress .
Joachim Lebreton ( Saint - Méen - le - Grand , France , 1760 -- Rio de Janeiro , 1819 ) was a French professor , public administrator and legislator .
André - Charles Cailleau ( 1731 - -1798 ) was a French book publisher .
Joseph Baumgartner ( November 16 , 1904 -- January 21 , 1964 ) was a German politician , representative of the Christian Social Union of Bavaria , Bavarian People 's Party and the Bavaria Party .
Michel Robin ( born 13 October 1930 ) is a French film actor and comedian .
Oh Takbeon ( Hangul : 오탁번 ) is a South Korean writer , poet , and critic .
Charles Simon Favart ( 13 November 1710 -- 12 May 1792 ) was a French dramatist .
Jean - Pierre Chevènement ( French : ( ʒɑ̃ pjɛʁ ʃəvɛnmɑ̃ ) ; born 9 March 1939 ) is a French politician who served as a minister in the 1980s and 1990s and who was a candidate in the 2002 French presidential election .
Heinrich Christian Wilhelm Busch ( 15 April 1832 -- 9 January 1908 ) was a German humorist , poet , illustrator and painter .
Roger Pigaut ( birth name Roger Paul Louis Pigot ) ( 8 April 1919 -- 24 December 1989 ) was a French actor and film director .
Claude Pélieu ( December 20 , 1934 -- December 24 , 2002 ) was a French postmodernist poet and graphical artist .
Jean Daniel , ( né Jean Daniel Bensaid ) ( born 21 July 1920 ) is an Algerian - born French - Jewish journalist and author .
Jacques Rigaut ( French : ( ʁiɡo ) ; 30 December 1898 -- 9 November 1929 ) was a French surrealist poet .
Jan van Mersbergen ( born 10 April 1971 , Gorinchem ) is a Dutch novelist .
Johan van der Keuken ( 4 April 1938 , Amsterdam -- 7 January 2001 , Amsterdam ) was a Dutch documentary filmmaker , author , and photographer .
Henk Wesseling ( born 1937 in The Hague , the Netherlands ) is a Dutch historian .
Richard Burton , CBE ( /ˈbɜːrtən/ ; 10 November 1925 -- 5 August 1984 ) was a Welsh stage and cinema actor noted for his mellifluous baritone voice and his acting talent .
John Webster ( c. 1580 -- c. 1634 ) was an English Jacobean dramatist best known for his tragedies The White Devil and The Duchess of Malfi , which are often regarded as masterpieces of the early 17th - century English stage .
Louis Poinsot ( 3 January 1777 -- 5 December 1859 ) was a French mathematician and physicist .
Jean - Luc Aotret ( born 8 November 1956 , Bourges , Cher ) is a French poet who has poetry in the French poetry journal La feuille du temps which is published by the An Amzer Poetry Association .
Marguerite Pierry ( 26 December 1887 , Paris -- 20 January 1963 , Paris ) was a French actress .
Jan Hedl ( born 9 January 1957 in Prague ) , known as Jan Sahara Hedl or simply Sahara , is a Czech singer - songwriter .
Pierre Palmade ( born 23 March 1968 in Bordeaux ) is a French actor and comedian .
Pierre Goldman , ( Lyon , 22 June 1944 -- 20 September 1979 in Paris ) was a French left - wing intellectual who was convicted of several robberies and mysteriously assassinated .
Catherine Trautmann ( born 15 January 1951 in Strasbourg ) is a French politician for the Socialist Party ( France ) .
Emmanuelle Riva ( French pronunciation : ​(emanɥɛl ʁiva ) ; born 24 February 1927 ) is a French actress , best known for her roles in the films Hiroshima mon amour and Amour .
Charles Denner ( 29 May 1926 -- 10 September 1995 ) was a French actor born to a Jewish family in Tarnów , Poland .
Maurice Rouvier ( French pronunciation : ​(moʁis ʁuvje ) ; 17 April 1842 -- 7 June 1911 ) was a French statesman of the `` Opportunist '' faction .
Jean - Luc Mélenchon ( French pronunciation : ​(ʒɑ̃lyk melɑ̃ˈʃɔ̃ ) ; born 19 August 1951 ) is a French politician who served in the government of France as Minister of Vocational Education from 2000 to 2002 .
René Barjavel ( January 24 , 1911 -- November 24 , 1985 ) was a French author , journalist and critic who may have been the first to think of the grandfather paradox in time travel .
Edmond T. Gréville ( real name Edmond Gréville Thonger , 20 June 1906 Nice -- 26 May 1966 , Nice ) was a French film director and screenwriter .
Vincent Moscato ( born Paris , 28 July 1965 ) is a former French rugby union player as well as radio talk host and actor .
Esther de Lange ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈɛstər də ˈlɑŋə ) ; 19 February 1975 in Spaubeek ) is a Dutch politician for the Christian Democratic Appeal ( CDA ) .
Werner Dollinger ( 10 October 1918 -- 3 January 2008 ) was a German politician and economist , a member of the Christian Social Union in Bavaria ( CSU ) .
Michel Zevaco ( also written as Zévaco ) ( 1 February 1860 , Ajaccio - 8 August 1918 , Eaubonne ) was a French journalist , novelist , publisher , film director , and anti - clerical as well as anarchist activist .
Lars Henrik Wikström ( born 1963 ) is a Swedish songwriter and music producer .
Jacques Roubaud ( born 5 December 1932 in Caluire - et - Cuire , Rhône ) is a French poet and mathematician .
Georges Hugnet ( 11 July 1906 -- 26 June 1974 ) , was a French graphic artist .
Luc Benoist ( 1893 - -1980 ) was a French essayist known as his pen name , Luc - Benoist .
Henri - Auguste d'Halluin ( February 6 , 1897 -- January 22 , 1985 ) , known by the pseudonym Henry Dorgères , was a French political activist .
Saint - René Taillandier ( 16 December 1817 -- 22 February 1879 ) was a French writer and critic .
Norbert Blüm ( born 21 July 1935 ) is a German politician who was a federal legislator from North Rhine - Westphalia , Chairman of the CDU there ( 1987 - -1999 ) , and a minister for labor and social affairs ( for 16 years in the government of Helmut Kohl ) .
Wolfgang Bosbach ( born 11 June 1952 in Bergisch Gladbach , North Rhine - Westphalia ) is a German politician and member of the conservative party , the Christian Democratic Union ( CDU ) , which he joined in 1972 .
Émile Keller ( born Belfort , 1828 ; died 1909 ) was a French writer and politician .
Salomon Herman `` Sal '' Hamburger ( 11 July 1898 -- 14 November 1946 ) , known under his pseudonym Herman de Man , was a Dutch novelist .
Guillaume Dustan ( November 29 , 1965 , Paris -- October 3 , 2005 ) , born William Baranès , was an openly gay French writer and journalist .
Lucile Saint - Simon ( born October 19 , 1932 ) is a French actress from the Paris suburb of Corbeil - Essonnes .
Alain Minc ( French pronunciation : ​(alɛ̃ ˈmɛ̃k ) ; born April 15 , 1949 ) is a French businessman , political advisor , and author .
Victorien Félix Bruguier ( 16 March 1884 -- 20 August 1962 ) , called Georges Bruguier , was a French politician and journalist .
Henri Torre ( born in Casablanca , Morocco , on April 12 , 1933 ) is a French politician , and a member of the UMP .
André Hardellet ( 13 February 1911 -- 24 July 1974 ) was a French poet and writer .
Paul Guth ( 5 March 1910 -- 1997 ) was a French humorist , journalist and writer , and the President of the Académie des provinces françaises .
Christophe de Ponfilly ( 1951 - -2006 ) was a French journalist and screenwriter .
Nicolas Rey is a French writer born in Evreux , Eure , on the 8th of May 1973 .
Mandy Coon is a New York - based fashion designer of her eponymous line .
Kim Cascone ( December 21 , 1955 ) is an American composer of electronic music who is known for his releases in the ambient , industrial and electro - acoustic genre on his own record company , Silent Records .
Sir Henry Hudson Kitson ( April 9 , 1863 , 1864 or 1865 -- June 26 , 1947 ) was an English born American sculptor who sculpted many representations of American military heroes .
Jonathan Bar Giora ( Hebrew : יונתן בר גיורא‎ ; born July 8 , 1962 ) is an Israeli composer and pianist .
Waqidi Falicoff is an American who had a short career as a composer , folksinger and guitarist .
Joseph Cameron Alston ( December 20 , 1926 -- April 16 , 2008 ) was an American badminton player who won major titles between 1951 and 1967 .
Glenda Goss is an American author and music historian whose special interests are music and culture , early modernism , critical editing , and European - American points of cultural contact .
László Cseh ( born 3 December 1985 ) is a Hungarian competitive swimmer and five - time Olympic medalist .
Stephan Waser ( sometimes shown as Stephen Waser ) ( March 10 , 1920 -- June 19 , 1992 ) was a Swiss bobsledder who competed from the late 1940s to the early 1950s .
Joanna Horodyńska ( born November 30 , 1975 ) is a Polish model and television stylist .
Aindrita Ray began her acting career in the 2008 film Meravanige playing the role of Nandini , the love interest of the lead actor played by Prajwal Devaraj .
Vanessa Campbell ( June 24 , 1953 -- August 25 , 2002 ) was a cabaret , blues , jazz and rock singer and actress who appeared in a national tour of `` Jacques Brel Is Alive and Well and Living in Paris '' and Law & Order .
Jaime Galarza Zavala ( born July 28 , 1930 in Cuenca ) is an Ecuadorian writer , poet , journalist and politician .
Dominic Agostino ( October 14 , 1959 -- March 24 , 2004 ) was a Canadian politician who represented the riding of Hamilton East for the Liberal Party in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1995 until his death in 2004 .
Loren A. Smith ( born December 22 , 1944 , in Chicago , Illinois ) is an American federal judge on the United States Court of Federal Claims , who was appointed a judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims by Ronald Reagan on July 11 , 1985 and entered duty on September 12 , 1985 .
Brendan Smialowski is an award winning freelance photographer based in Washington , D.C. He specializes in digital photography and covers national and international news .
Arthur Scott King ( January 18 , 1876 -- April 17 , 1957 ) was an American physicist and astrophysicist .
Merle Feld ( born in 1947 ) is an educator , activist , author , playwright , and poet .
Kabir Ahmed is a First class cricketer from Bangladesh .
William B. Callaway , FASLA ( May 26 , 1943- November 25 , 2014 ) was an American landscape architect with SWA Group , recognized for his ability to design landscapes that are timeless .
David Manley is an American philosopher specializing in metaphysics , philosophy of language , and epistemology .
Christopher Del Bosco ( born March 30 , 1982 ) , is an American - born , Canadian freestyle skier who currently resides in Montreal , Quebec .
Matt Levin ( born January 8 , 1975 ) is an American racecar driver .
Sadhan Pandey is an Indian politician and the present Minister for Consumer Affairs in the Government of West Bengal .
Truman Layton Plain , better known as T. L. Plain is a former American basketball coach .
Reese Bowen Brabson ( September 16 , 1817 -- August 16 , 1863 ) was an American politician who represented Tennessee 's 3rd district in the United States House of Representatives from 1859 to 1861 .
Moling of Luachair , Irish cleric and poet , fl .
Ganapathy Baskaran is an Indian theoretical physicist , known for his work on condensed matter physics and strongly correlated materials .
Stephen Sutherland ( born 1990 - 08 - 19 in Welwyn Garden City , Hertfordshire , England ) is an Australian amateur boxer who qualified for the 2008 Olympics at flyweight .
Debra Weeks is an American television producer , executive producer , director , and journalist .
Jürgen Loacker ( born December 14 , 1974 ) is an Austrian bobsledder who competed from 1999 to 2013 .
Natalie Hays Hammond ( 1904 - -1985 ) was an American artist , author , and inventor .
Frankie Valli ( born Francesco Stephen Castelluccio ; May 3 , 1934 ) is an American popular singer , known as the frontman of The Four Seasons beginning in 1960 .
Barry Moser ( born 1940 ) is an artist , known as a printmaker and illustrator of numerous works of literature .
After Persians defeated and captured that emperor in the Battle of Edessa , a body of Roman troops was rallied by a fiscal officer , Macrianus , and Balista .
Hale was formerly known as Eddie Darling throughout the early 1990s , and is the lead singer of the popular American Britpop and modern rock musical group Ed Hale and The Transcendence , formerly called Transcendence .
Mayu Wakisaka is a singer - songwriter , composer , and lyricist based in Tokyo , Japan .
Joel Hodge is an American cinematographer , best known for being the Director of Photography for the independent film Bellflower .
Trevor Herion , born John Trevor Herion , ( c. Apr. 1959 -- October 1988 ) was an Irish singer , born in Cork who formed part of the punk and new wave scenes in the 1970s and 1980s .
Walter Jackson Freeman II , M.D. ( November 14 , 1895 -- May 31 , 1972 ) was an American physician who specialized in lobotomy .
Olan Montgomery , sometimes called only Olan , is an identical twin and American pop - artist and actor notable for his pop - art portraits of both celebrities and unknown people , and for his depictions of the Gay party scene .
Ramesh Vinayakam ( born on 7 July 1963 ) is an Indian composer , arranger , singer , song - writer , music producer .
Philip Neil Hope ( September 24 , 1972 -- November 25 , 2007 ) , known as Neil Hope , was a Canadian actor best known for playing Derek `` Wheels '' Wheeler on Degrassi Junior High and Degrassi High in the 1980s and early 1990s .
Frederick H. Billings ( September 27 , 1823 -- September 30 , 1890 ) was an American lawyer and financier .
Michael Cowpland ( born April 23 , 1943 in Bexhill - on - Sea ) is a British - born entrepreneur , businessman , and the founder and one - time president , chairman and CEO of Corel , a Canadian software company .
Alban Faust is a luthier and player of traditional Swedish music , designated a Swedish Riksspelman ( `` musician of the realm '' ) in 2009 .
Annibale Maggi was an Italian architect of the Renaissance period .
Everaldo Coelho ( born March 25 , 1978 ) is a Brazilian graphic designer and illustrator .
Feng Kang ( simplified Chinese : 冯康 ; traditional Chinese : 馮康 ; pinyin : Féng Kāng ) ( September 9 , 1920 - August 17 , 1993 ) was a Chinese mathematician and scientist .
Adam Anouer ( Born April 3 , 1990 ) is an English actor best known for his work on screen .
Jan Bussell was a British racing driver who won the Macau Grand Prix twice , in 1968 and 1971 .
Angelo Sosa is an American chef who appeared on the seventh season of the Bravo reality television show Top Chef .
Elmore James ( January 27 , 1918 -- May 24 , 1963 ) was an American blues guitarist , singer , songwriter and band leader .
Fred W. Heard is an American minister , politician , and a co - owner of Best Hands .
Chalene Johnson is an American physical fitness authority , choreographer , author , and entrepreneur .
Amandeep ( date of birth unknown ) was an Indian cricketer who played one first - class match in 1998 .
Simona Lisi is an Italian dancer , choreographer and actress .
Marshall Sklare ( 1921 - 1992 ) was an American sociologist whose work focused on American Jews and the American Jewish Community .
Thomas K. Lynch is an American municipal administrator and politician who currently serves as Town Manager of Barnstable , Massachusetts .
Daniel Terdiman is a journalist , who has been published in both print and non - print media , including Time Magazine , The New York Times , Wired Magazine , CNET News.com , Wired News , Martha Stewart Weddings , Salon.com , Business 2.0 , Venture Beat and the San Francisco Chronicle .
Robin Hobb is a pseudonym of Margaret Astrid Lindholm Ogden ( born March 5 , 1952 ) , an American writer .
Haje Jan Kamps ( May 21 , 1981 ) is a Dutch inventor , author , freelance writer , journalist , photographer and editor .
Franziska Baumann ( born April 9 , 1965 ) is a Swiss musician and composer , specializing in improvisation and composed music ( vocals , flute , live electronics ) .
Rob VanAlkemade began his career as , variously , a film director , producer , cinematographer , sound recordist , and editor in 1995 .
Shi Yuzhu ( Chinese : 史玉柱 ) is a Chinese entrepreneur and software engineer .
Jullette M. Saussy is a medical doctor and the former head of emergency medical services for New Orleans , Louisiana , and Washington , D.C. Saussy started in emergency medical services in 1984 as an emergency medical technician and received her paramedic training in 1986 from the University of South Alabama .
John Fairfield ( January 30 , 1797 -- December 24 , 1847 ) was a U.S. politician from Maine having served separately as a U.S. Congressman , state governor and U.S. Senator .
Leo Lassen ( July 5 , 1899 -- December 5 , 1975 ) was an American baseball announcer in Seattle , Washington .
Edward J. Roethe ( May 12 , 1878 -- May 15 , 1952 ) was an American politician and newspaper editor .
Saint Joseph the Hymnographer ( Greek : Όσιος Ιωσήφ ο Υμνογράφος ) was a monk of the ninth century .
Brian Millard was a British local politician , and was the leader of Stockport Metropolitan Borough Council 2005 - 2007 .
Amy Acuff is also known for her career as a model .
Gregory Vajda ( born Vajda Gergely ; August 13 , 1973 ) is a Hungarian clarinetist , composer and conductor .
Eliodoro Yáñez Ponce de León ( May 6 , 1860 - July 26 , 1932 ) was a Chilean journalist , lawyer , and politician , and was one of the founders of La Nación newspaper .
Ambrose Harmer ( died c.1647 ) was a Virginia landowner and politician .
Adele Palmer ( October 21 , 1915 -- July 1 , 2008 ) was an American costume designer who worked on more than 300 films during her long career .
Donald Keats ( born May 27 , 1929 ) is an American composer , teacher , and pianist .
Snorri Sturluson clearly distinguishes the god Bragi from the mortal skald Bragi Boddason , whom he often mentions separately .
Michael Graham - Smith ( born August 5 , 1969 in Burnie , Tasmania ) is an Australian cricket umpire .
Edmund Power Flynn ( August 19 , 1828 in Arichat Cape Breton , Nova Scotia -- January 26 , 1900 ) was a Canadian politician , Richmond County 's first coroner and merchant .
Martine Kimberley Sherri Ponting ( born 14 May 1976 ) , known professionally as Martine McCutcheon , is an English singer , television personality , actress and occasional radio presenter .
Anna Nanousi ( Greek : Άννα Νανούση ) is a Greek fashion model and television host .
Valaida Snow ( June 2 , 1904 -- May 30 , 1956 ) was an African - American jazz musician and entertainer .
Emily Underdown ( 1863 - -1947 ) was an English writer , novelist and poet .
Tricia MacGregor ; known as Tricia MacGregor from 2003 to 2015 ( born on September 25 , 1970 in Charlottetown , Prince Edward Island ) is a Canadian curler .
Herbin Hoyos is a Colombian journalist and broadcaster who is in exile in Spain after receiving death threats from the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia ( Farc ) .
Murray Macneill ( also spelled MacNeill ) ( January 7 , 1877 -- February 16 , 1951 ) was a curler from Nova Scotia .
Elinor Armer ( born October 6 , 1939 ) is an American pianist , music educator and composer .
Frederick Koehler ( born June 16 , 1975 ) is an American actor best known for his role as Chip Lowell on Kate & Allie as well as Andrew Schillinger on the HBO drama Oz .
Guilherme de Almeida Prado ( Ribeirão Preto , November 6 , 1954 ) is a Brazilian film director .
Harris English ( born July 23 , 1989 ) is an American professional golfer and currently a member of the PGA Tour .
Jocelyne Bourassa , CM ( born May 30 , 1947 ) is a former Canadian professional golfer on the LPGA Tour who had a distinguished amateur career .
Linda Maguire ( born May 7 , 1959 ) is an American opera and classical singer , recording artist and researcher in sensory therapies .
Li Xianting ( Chinese : 栗宪庭 ; born 1949 in Jilin ) is an independent art critic and curator of contemporary Chinese art in China .
Hans Brems ( October 16 , 1915 -- September 16 , 2000 ) was a Danish American economist .
John Pantry is a musician , singer , songwriter , audio engineer ( at IBC Studios , for the Small Faces and on the first three Bee Gees L.P.s ) and record producer from Harrow , Middlesex , England .
Abdelkarim Harouni ( Tunisian Arabic : عبد الكريم الهاروني‎ ) is a Tunisian politician .
Aris Chatzistefanou ( Greek : Άρης Χατζηστεφάνου ) is a Greek journalist and filmmaker .
Nick Tosches ( /ˈtɑːʃəs/ ; born October 17 or 23 , 1949 ) is an American journalist , novelist , biographer , and poet .
Helena Christensen ( born December 25 , 1968 ) is a Danish fashion model and photographer .
Louis Van Parijs , also spelled Parys ( born c. 1908 , date of death unknown ) was a Belgian swimmer who won two medals in the 200 m breaststroke at the 1926 and 1927 European Aquatics Championships .
Jimmy Hotz ( born October 12 , 1953 ) is an American inventor , record producer , recording engineer , electronic music pioneer , audio expert , author and musician .
Kenneth Hopper ( formally known as Robert D. Kenneth Hopper ) , a Scots engineer and now a US citizen , has made a lifelong study of different national manufacturing cultures .
Richard Blanco ( born February 15 , 1968 ) is an American poet , public speaker , author and civil engineer .
Kevin Schawinski ( April 28 , 1981 in Zürich ) is a Swiss astrophysicist .
Franz Kolb ( fl . 1880s ) was a German pharmacist and the inventor of the modeling paste Plastilin .
Owen ap Hugh ( 1518 - -1613 ) , of Bodeon , near Llangadwaladr , Anglesey was a Welsh politician .
Feodor Stepanovich Rojankovsky ( Russian : Фёдор Степанович Рожанковский ) ( December 24 , 1891 -- October 12 , 1970 ) , also known as Rojan , was a Russian émigré illustrator .
Ng Wui ( December 3 , 1913 - March 1 , 1996 ) was a Hong Kong film director and actor , best known for his films of the 1950s and 1960s .
Chen Chun - hui ( simplified Chinese : 陈俊辉 ; traditional Chinese : 陳俊輝 ; pinyin : Chén Jùnhuī ) born March 8 , 1981 , is a Taiwanese baseball player who currently plays for Uni - President Lions of Chinese Professional Baseball League .
Eugène Bergès was a French fencer , maréchal des logis in French Army .
Noah Charney ( born November 27 , 1979 ) is an American art historian and novelist .
`` The Monologue of an insane violinist '' ( Khent jutakahari menakhosutyunn ) , 1992 `` Catharsis '' , 1991 `` Wander '' ( Taparum ) , 1995 `` Communion '' ( Haghordutyun ) , 1996 `` Live At Aram Khachatryan Concert Hall '' , 2005 `` Arthur Meschian Live 2006 ''
Kieran Sells ( born March 30 , 1984 ) is a production assistant on ABC 's Jimmy Kimmel Live !
Jim O'Connor is an American actor and former host of the show The Secret Life Of ....
Linda Good is a songwriter , producer , keyboardist , singer and television and film composer .
Francois Henning better known by his stage name Snotkop previously known as Lekgoa is a well - known Afrikaans and Sotho language singer and rapper .
Dion Hamill is a comic book artist born in Australia .
Alex Dea is an American - born Chinese composer .
Tess Amber Adler ( born February 11 , 1990 ) , commonly known as Tess Taylor , is an American reality television personality and model known for her show Pretty Wild with her adopted sisters Gabby and Alexis Neiers .
Hermotimus of Clazomenae ( c. 6th century BCE ) , called by Lucian a Pythagorean , was a philosopher who first proposed , before Anaxagoras ( according to Aristotle ) the idea of mind being fundamental in the cause of change .
Leah Singer is a photographer and multimedia artist .
Joshua Coit ( October 7 , 1758 -- September 5 , 1798 ) was an eighteenth - century American lawyer and politician .
Neltje Blanchan De Graff Doubleday ( October 23 , 1865 -- February 21 , 1918 ) was a United States scientific historian and nature writer who published several books on wildflowers and birds under the pen name Neltje Blanchan .
Ellen Broselow ( born 1949 ) is an experimental linguist specializing in second language acquisition and phonology .
Martha Colburn is a filmmaker and artist .
American composer Richard Faith ( born 1926 ) has been known primarily in university music circles as a concert pianist , professor of piano , and a published composer of piano pedagogy literature , orchestral and chamber works , opera and most prolifically , song .
Álvaro Cueva ( born January 29 , 1968 ) is a Mexican television critic and journalist who works in print , television and radio .
Susanne Bobzien , FBA is a German - born philosopher , whose research interests focus on philosophy of logic and language , determinism and freedom , and ancient philosophy .
Heny Sison , popularly known as Chef Heny , is a pastry chef , cake decorator , and television host in the Philippines .
Claire Scovell LaZebnik is an American novelist / author .
Rebecca Dubowe is the first deaf woman to be ordained as a rabbi in the United States .
Christopher Evans - Ironside is a English / German successful and award - winning songwriter , composer and music producer .
Victor DeLorenzo ( born October 25 , 1954 ) is an American musician , actor and filmmaker best known as the drummer for the folk - punk band Violent Femmes .
Zebulon Aiton Lash ( September 29 1846 -- January 24 , 1920 ) was a Canadian lawyer , civil servant , and businessman .
Baron Peter Piot , MD , PhD FRCP FMedSci ( born 1949 ) is a Belgian microbiologist known for his research into Ebola and AIDS .
Herbert Spohn is a German mathematician and mathematical physicist working in kinetic equations ; dynamics of stochastic particle systems , hydrodynamic limit ; kinetic of growths processes ; disordered systems ; open quantum systems dynamics of charged particles coupled to their radiation field ;
( William ) Bill Cashin is a former Irish Labour Party politician .
Laura Patterson ( born 28 November 1988 in Portarlington ) is an Irish model who was crowned Miss Ireland 2009 .
Ionel Fernic ( born May 29 , 1901 in Târgovişte -- d. July 22 , 1938 in Stulpicani ) was a Romanian composer , aviator ( civil pilot ) , writer , and one of the first Romanian parachutists .
Carl Ribbe ( November 16 , 1860 , Berlin - August 27 , 1934 , Dresden ) was a German explorer and entomologist .
Rosa M. Abella was an exiled Cuban librarian who worked at the University of Miami 's Otto G. Richter Library .
Diogenes Laertius , quoting from Apollodorus of Athens , says that Pyrrho was at first a painter , and that pictures by him were exhibited in the gymnasium at Elis .
Lonnie Shields ( born April 17 , 1956 ) is an American electric blues singer , songwriter , and guitarist .
Edgar Amos Love ( September 10 , 1891 - May 1 , 1974 ) was an African - American educator , minister , and activist .
Joseph Habersham ( July 28 , 1751 -- November 17 , 1815 ) was an American businessman , Georgia politician , soldier in the Continental Army , and Postmaster General of the United States .
Alison Pipitone is an American rock ' n ' roll singer , songwriter , guitarist .
Adrian Grenier ( born July 10 , 1976 ) is an American actor , producer , director , and musician .
Breifne O'Brien is an Irish socialite businessman and rogue financial advisor .
Dennis Nurkse is a poet from Brooklyn .
Efren Torres ( November 29 , 1943 -- February 25 , 2010 ) was a Mexican boxer , who was world champion in the Flyweight division .
Isaac Wardell is a Presbyterian worship leader , teacher , and composer who primarily writes sacred music .
Rafael García ( born February 22 , 1971 ) is a Mexican professional wrestler , better known under his ring name Super Caló .
Astrud Gilberto ( born March 29 , 1940 ) is a Brazilian samba and bossa nova singer .
Lowry Burgess is an internationally renowned conceptual and environmental artist and educator .
Brian Gamble ( born April 24 , 1970 ) is an American martial artist and professional wrestler .
Chantal Chamandy ( born at Alexandria , Egypt ) is a Canadian singer and entertainer based in Montreal , Quebec .
Karl Georg Herman Lang ( July 21 , 1901 -- March 14 , 1976 ) was a Swedish zoologist , specialising in crustaceans , especially harpacticoid copepods and tanaids .
Anna Olson is a professionally trained pastry chef .
Shafin Ahmed ( Bengali : শাফিন আহমেদ ; born February 14 ) is a Bangladeshi singer and composer .
Janet Echelman ( born February 19 , 1966 ) is an American sculptor and artist .
Robert Manley Parker ( born October 19 , 1937 ) is a retired U.S. federal appeals court judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit .
Jerry Hsu ( born December 17 , 1981 ) is an American professional skateboarder and photographer .
Will Hoebee ( June 29 , 1947 -- June 10 , 2012 ) was a Dutch record producer and songwriter .
Leo Strauss ( /straʊs/ ; German : ( ʃtraʊs ) ; September 20 , 1899 -- October 18 , 1973 ) was a German - American political philosopher and classicist who specialized in classical political philosophy .
Eric Da Re ( born March 3 , 1965 ) is an American actor who is primarily famous for playing the notorious criminal Leo Johnson on the cult TV show , Twin Peaks and its prequel , Twin Peaks :
Nick Mulvey ( born 4 November 1984 ) is an English musician , singer and songwriter who studied music in Havana , Cuba .
Ameerjan was an Indian film director , who has directed Tamil films .
Fielder Cook ( March 9 , 1923 -- June 20 , 2003 ) was an American television and film director , producer , and writer whose 1971 television movie The Homecoming :
Hailee Steinfeld ( /ˈheɪliː ˈstaɪnfɛld/ HAY - lee STYN - feld ; born December 11 , 1996 ) is an American actress , model and singer .
Danil Haustov ( born December 13 , 1980 ) is an Estonian former swimmer , who specialized in sprint freestyle events .
Mohammad Reza Emami was a Persian calligrapher in the 17th century .
Hamo Beknazarian ( Armenian : Համո Բեկնազարյան ; Russian : Амбарцум Бек-Назаров ) ( May 19 , 1891 -- April 27 , 1965 ) , also known as Hamo Bek - Nazarov or Amo Bek - Nazarian , was a Soviet Armenian film director , actor and screenwriter
Dorothy Spencer ( February 3 , 1909 -- May 23 , 2002 ) was an American film editor with seventy - five feature film credits from a career than spanned more than 50 years .
Espen Sandberg ( born 2 June 1971 ) is a Norwegian film director and advertising producer , well known to work with his childhood friend and director , Joachim Rønning on several projects such as Bandidas ( 2006 ) , Max Manus :
Þorsteinn frá Hamri ( aka Þorsteinn Jónsson ) , ( 15 Mar 1938 -- ) is an Icelandic writer notable for having been nominated four times for the Nordic Council 's Literature Prize over a period of two decades .
Reham Abdel Ghafour ( Arabic : ريهام عبد الغفور‎ ) is an Egyptian actress and the daughter of famous Egyptian actor Ashraf Abdel Ghafour .
Nimai Bali is an Indian actor who generally plays mythological supporting and villainous roles .
William Hawthorn Lynch , Sr . , known as Bill Lynch ( April 16 , 1929 -- February 15 , 2004 ) , was an American journalist who served as the first Inspector General of the U.S. state of Louisiana , a position which involves investigations into corruption , misuse of state property , and governmental inefficiency .
Charlotte Kipling , née Harrison ( June 7 , 1919 -- August 9 , 1992 ) was a statistician and ichthyologist .
Niccolò Barbaro was a Venetian physician , and author of an eyewitness account of the Fall of Constantinople in 1453 .
Saverio Principini ( better known as `` Sage '' ) is a certified multi - platinum Italian - American producer and songwriter active in the Los Angeles music scene since 1987 .
Carol D. Leonnig is an American investigative journalist and a Washington Post staff writer .
Bruce Barrymore Halpenny ( born 1937 in Caistor , Lincolnshire ) is an English military historian and author , specialising in airfields and aircraft , as well as ghost stories and mysteries .
Ralph Blair is an American psychotherapist and founder of The Homosexual Community Counseling Center in New York City .
Dan Panosian is an American comic book artist , with extensive credits as both a penciller and an inker and has additional credits as an advertising and storyboard artist .
K. M. Roy is a veteran journalist and writer from Kerala .
Bedřich Feigl ( March 6 , 1884 , Prague - 17 December 1965 , London ) was a Czech Jewish painter , graphic designer and illustrator .
Andrew Mrotek ( aka Andy `` The Butcher '' Mrotek ) ( born July 4 , 1983 ) is the former drummer and backup vocalist for the rock band The Academy Is ....
Clodomiro Picado Twight ( April 17 , 1887 - May 16 , 1944 ) , also known as `` Clorito Picado '' , was a Costa Rican scientist , born in Nicaragua , who was recognized for his research and discoveries .
Gary Lucas is an American guitarist , songwriter , soundtrack composer , and a recording artist with more than 25 solo albums .
Elsie Quarterman ( November 28 , 1910 -- June 9 , 2014 ) was a prominent plant ecologist .
Josée Beaudin ( born December 20 , 1961 ) is a Canadian politician who was elected to represent the electoral district of Saint - Lambert in the 2008 Canadian federal election .
Abraham ibn Zimra ( French : Abraham Benzamiro ) was a Spanish rabbi , physician and diplomat who fled to Morocco following the Spanish inquisition .
Katherine Anne Porter ( May 15 , 1890 -- September 18 , 1980 ) was a Pulitzer Prize - winning American journalist , essayist , short story writer , novelist , and political activist .
Faruk Ahmed ( Bengali : ফারুক আহমেদ ) ( born July 24 , 1966 , in Dhaka ) is a former Bangladeshi cricketer who played in 7 ODIs from 1988 to 1999 .
Anthony Molino ( born 1957 ) is a translator , anthropologist , and psychoanalyst .
Carmen Finestra ( born 1947 ) is an American producer and TV writer who currently is partnered with Matt Williams and David McFadzean in Wind Dancer Productions , a firm which Finestra also co - owns and co - founded with actor Tim Allen .
Pieter van Hanselaere ( also Pierre ; 1786 -- 1862 ) was a Belgian painter in the neoclassical style , who specialized in portraits and religious and historical scenes .
Fumihiko Sori ( 曽利文彦 ) is a Japanese film director and film producer .
Dallas Pratt ( August 21 , 1914 -- May 20 , 1994 ) was an American psychiatrist , animal rights campaigner and founder of the American Museum in Britain .
Philip Taft ( March 22 , 1902 -- November 17 , 1976 ) was a noted labor historian whose research focused on the labor history of the United States and the American Federation of Labor .
Tyrell Davis ( 1902 - -1970 ) was a British film actor .
Michael Brainard ( born November 23 , 1965 in Hollywood , California , USA ) is an American actor most notable for his role as the second Ted Capwell on NBC 's soap opera Santa Barbara .
Franz Koglmann ( born 1947 ) is an Austrian jazz composer .
Chauncey Fitch Skilling ( 1868 - -1945 ) was a Los Angeles , California , architect who was also a member of that city 's school board and of its city council .
Lou Antonio ( born January 23 , 1934 ) is an American actor and TV director best known for performing in the films Cool Hand Luke and America , America .
Altaf Qadri is a Kashmiri - Indian photojournalist with Associated Press .
Nikolay Bogachyov ( Russian : Николай Богачёв , born August 17 , 1953 ) is a Russian entrepreneur and politician .
Amiya Bhushan Majumdar ( March 22 , 1918 -- July 8 , 2001 ) was an acclaimed Indian novelist , short - story writer , essayist and playwright .
Johann Gottlieb ( February 15 , 1815 -- March 4 , 1875 ) was an Austrian chemist who first synthesized Propionic acid .
Prem Singh is a Fijian politician and a member of the Fijian Parliament .
Dr. Silvano Raia is a Brazilian surgeon who specializes in liver diseases .
Mark Setteducati ( born November 1 , 1955 ) is a magician and inventor of magic , illusions , games and puzzles .
Ahmet Ziya Akbulut ( 27 June 1869 , Istanbul - 17 April 1938 , Istanbul ) was a Turkish landscape and architectural painter .
Hao Ge ( Chinese : 郝歌 ; pinyin : Hǎo Gē ) is the Chinese stage name of Nigerian - born singer Uwechue Emmanuel .
Jack MacLaren is a Canadian politician , who was first elected to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario in the 2011 election .
Hampar Kelikian ( January 17 , 1899 -- July 24 , 1983 ) was a pioneering orthopedic surgeon , who significantly extended the surgical field .
Marguerite Zorach ( née Thompson ) ( September 25 , 1887 -- June 27 , 1968 ) was an American Fauvist painter , textile artist , and graphic designer , and was an early exponent of modernism in America .
Bernd Glemser ( born 1962 , Dürbheim ) is a German pianist .
Ibycus ( /ˈɪbɪkəs/ ; Greek : Ἴβυκος ; fl . 2nd half of 6th century BC ) was an Ancient Greek lyric poet , a citizen of Rhegium in Magna Graecia , probably active at Samos during the reign of the tyrant Polycrates and numbered by the scholars of Hellenistic Alexandria in the canonical list of nine lyric poets .
Terry Hayhurst ( born March 11 , 1985 ) is a professional Canadian darts player from Brantford , Ontario .
Chaim Gross ( March 17 , 1904 -- May 5 , 1991 ) was an American sculptor and educator .
Thomas Gildard ( nicknamed Gildey ) was a 19th - century Scottish architect and author .
Hamilton Holt ( August 18 , 1872 , Brooklyn , New York -- April 26 , 1951 , Woodstock , Connecticut ) was an American educator , editor , author and politician .
Darren Ockert is a pop singer , songwriter and producer born in Lincoln , Lincolnshire , England currently residing in Miami .
Oleg Pukhnatiy ( Uzbek : Олег Пухнатй ; born June 10 , 1975 ) is an Uzbek former swimmer , who specialized in freestyle and individual medley events .
Clara Louisa Wells was an American writer and inventor who lived between 1848/1850 and 1923/1925 .
Steven Troughton - Smith ( born December 11 , 1988 ) is an Irish programmer who focuses mainly on writing iPhone software .
Seymour Boardman was an artist who expressed his direct experience and willingness to take risks in the pursuit of ambitious painting .
Barbara Kessler is an American folk - rock singer - songwriter .
Donald R. Pierce ( born April 13 , 1937 ) is a retired U.S. Racing Hall of Fame jockey in thoroughbred horse racing .
Jane Branstetter Stranch ( born September 17 , 1953 ) is a United States federal appeals court judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit .
Edward Anthony Spitzka ( June 17 , 1876 -- September 4 , 1922 ) was an American anatomist who autopsied ( 29 Oct 1901 ) the brain of Leon Czolgosz , the assassin of president William McKinley .
Han Dae - soo ( born March 12 , 1948 , Busan ) is a South Korean folk and rock singer - songwriter .
Assefa Mezgebu ( born June 19 , 1978 in Sidamo ) is a retired Ethiopian long - distance runner , most known for winning a bronze medal in the 10,000 metres event at the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Edward J. `` Ed '' White ( May 18 , 1949 -- August 25 , 2005 ) was a Canadian professional wrestler , best known as Moondog King of The Moondogs when he joined the World Wrestling Federation ( now WWE ) in the early 1980s .
Gonzalo Pérez Iribarren ( 1936 - -1998 ) was an Uruguayan mathematician and statistical expert .
Chloé Dépouilly ( born December 6 , 1990 in Remis ) is a figure skater who competes in ladies singles .
Walter of Mortagne ( b. Mortagne , Flanders , c. 1100 ; d. Laon , 1174 ) was a Scholastic philosopher , and theologian .
John Lurie ( born December 14 , 1952 ) is an American musician , painter , actor , director , and producer .
Elliott Jaques ( January 18 , 1917 -- March 8 , 2003 ) was a Canadian psychoanalyst and organizational psychologist , known for developing the notion of requisite organization from his ' stratified systems theory ' , running counter to many others in the field of organizational development .
Frank Gillmore ( May 14 , 1867 , New York City , New York -- March 29 , 1943 , New York City , New York ) was an American playwright and a stage and early film actor .
Susannah Lazar is a medical physicist and astronomer .
Count Maurycy Klemens Zamoyski ( 1871 - -1939 ) was a Polish nobleman ( szlachcic ) , politician , social activist , and Minister of Foreign Affairs in the Polish government of the 1920s .
Rajbeer Singh is an Indian film and television actor and model .
Sevgi Çağal , born on February 17 , 1957 in New York , U.S. is a Turkish painter and sculptor .
Kenjiro Shoda ( Japanese : 正田 建次郎 Shōda Kenjirō ; February 25 , 1902 -- March 20 , 1977 ) was a Japanese mathematician .
John Cacavas ( August 13 , 1930 -- January 28 , 2014 ) was an American composer and conductor probably best known for his television scores , such as Kojak , for which he was the chief composer .
Dick Grune ( born December 7 , 1939 , Enschede ) is a Dutch computer scientist and university lecturer best known for inventing and developing the first version of CVS , the Concurrent Versions System .
Will Seltzer is an American actor who had supporting roles in films such as Johnny Dangerously , The Wizard and More American Graffiti .
Ram Krishna Dhakal ( Nepali : राम कृष्ण ढकाल , born July 23 , 1974 ) is one of the most popular and talented pop , playback singer , actor and reality show judge of Nepal .
Peter Stefura ( February 13 , 1923 -- August 16 , 1982 ) was a farmer , a municipal councilor and Reeve ( both in Lamont , Alberta ) and served as a Canadian federal politician from 1957 to 1958 .
Adrianna Luna ( born May 12 , 1984 ) is the stage name of an American pornographic actress , model , and men 's club feature dancer .
José de Jesús Tizol was a Puerto Rican politician , senator and delegate .
Rima Assaf is a Lebanese journalist and anchor .
Ron Tomme ( October 24 , 1931 -- January 29 , 2005 ) was an American actor , best known for his long - running role as Bruce Sterling on the CBS soap opera Love of Life from 1959 to 1980 .
Lisa McCormick ( born c.1971 ) is a singer / songwriter from Vermont .
Gino Santercole is an Italian singer / songwriter , guitarist , and actor .
Khaled Al Khamissi ( born September 27 , 1962 ) is an Egyptian novelist , columnist , lecturer , writer and cultural activist .
Bayard Tuckerman , Jr. ( April 19 , 1889 -- April 14 , 1974 ) was an American jockey , businessman , and politician .
April Flowers was a prominent exotic dancer at the Tropicana Club .
Sean Rogerson ( born September 30 , 1977 ) is a Canadian actor and former photomodel , known for his role as Lance Preston in the horror films , Grave Encounters and Grave Encounters 2 .
Kakhaber Tsakadze , is a Georgian ski jumper .
Ruti Zisser ( born July 1974 ) is an Israeli American lifestyle designer , fashion designer , wardrobe stylist , and a business woman , publicly known by her first name , Ruti .
Frank Park ( March 3 , 1864 -- November 20 , 1925 ) was an American politician , educator , lawyer and jurist from the state of Georgia .
Patrick M. Seymour ( born February 27 , 1990 in Albany , New York ) is an Irish - American voice actor who has mostly worked for many independent companies like GalaxyTrail , Azure Productions , Azurous Studios , and Voiceiyuu .
Rhea - Simone Auguste ( born July 30 , 1984 ) is an award - winning print journalist in Trinidad and Tobago .
Frédérique Dumas ( born May 18 , 1963 ) is a French film producer and the CEO of Studio 37 , the film production subsidiary of Orange .
Lloyd Gough ( September 21 , 1907 -- July 23 , 1984 ) was an American theater , film , and television actor .
Jack Atley is an Australian photographer and race car driver
Chaochih Liu ( born February 10 , 1993 ; simplified Chinese : 刘兆芝 ; traditional Chinese : 劉兆芝 ; pinyin : Liú Zhàozhī ) is a Taiwanese - American figure skater who competed internationally for Taiwan in ladies singles .
Thomas Kane Roberts , better known as Tom Kane , ( born April 15 , 1962 ) is an American voice actor .
Gregory Mcdonald ( February 15 , 1937 -- September 7 , 2008 ) was an American mystery writer best known for his creation of the character Irwin Maurice Fletcher , an investigative reporter who preferred the nickname `` Fletch . ''
Bernart de la Barta ( fl . 1229 ) , also spelled Bernarnz Delabarta or Benart de la Barda , was a troubadour from La Barthe , the location of which is unknown .
Susan Delacourt is an award - winning Canadian political journalist .
Erwin Otto Marx was a German electrical engineer who invented the Marx generator , a device for producing high voltage electrical pulses .
Yakir Gueron or Preciado Gueron was a Turkish rabbi .
Daniel St. Pierre ( aka Dan St. Pierre ) is an American film director , art director , production designer , actor , animation artist , and musician .
Wayne R. Dynes ( born August 23 , 1934 ) is an American art historian , encyclopedist , and bibliographer .
Gazbia Sirry ( Arabic : جاذبية سري‎ ) ( born 1925 ) is an Egyptian painter .
Austorc d'Aorlhac or Aurilhac ( fl . 1250 ) was an Auvergnat troubadour from whom only one sirvente survives .
William James Armstrong ( October 31 , 1826 -- December 8 , 1915 ) was a merchant , miller and politician in British Columbia .
Andy Willsheer is a British photographer , mainly known for his work with automobiles and auto racing .
Hunter Beard ( born July 28 , 1981 ) is an American rapper , record producer , businessman , and controversial public figure , from Little Rock , Arkansas .
Nick Fiorucci is a Canadian electronic and dance music DJ , songwriter , remixer , producer , and founder of record label Hi - Bias Records , and founder and owner of zipDJ , subscription - based digital music pool .
Sergei Ivanovich Mosin ( Russian : Серге́й Ива́нович Мо́син , Apr 2 or 14 , 1849 - February 8 , 1902 ) was a Russian military officer , engineer , and a designer of the Mosin--
Robertus Anglicus ( Robert the Englishman ) was an English astronomer of the thirteenth century .
Dr. Conrad Gorinsky is a Guyana - born chemist who studied in the UK .
Sahara Smith ( born September 26 , 1988 ) is an American singer - songwriter who released her debut album in 2010 .
Paul Makanowitzky ( June 20 , 1920 Stockholm -- February 24 , 1998 Freeport , Maine ) was an American violinist , and violin teacher .
Cyril Lloyd Francis PC ( March 19 , 1920 -- January 20 , 2007 ) was a Canadian politician and one time Speaker of the Canadian House of Commons .
Andrew Ainslie Common FRS ( 1841 - -1903 ) was an English amateur astronomer best known for his pioneering work in astrophotography .
Doris Zemurray Stone ( November 19 , 1909 -- October 21 , 1994 ) was an archaeologist and ethnographer , specializing in pre - Columbian Mesoamerica and the so - called `` Intermediate Area '' of lower Central America .
Isidore Clut ( February 4 , 1832 -- July 9 , 1903 ) was a Canadian Roman Catholic priest , Oblate of Mary Immaculate , and Auxiliary Bishop of Athabaska Mackenzie from 1864 to 1903 .
Josephine Herbst ( March 5 , 1892 -- January 28 , 1969 ) was an American writer and journalist , active from 1923 to near the time of her death .
Anne Jeffreys ( born Anne Carmichael ; January 26 , 1923 ) is an American actress and singer .
Cheryl Forberg , RD , is a New York Times best - selling author , a James Beard Award - winning chef , and the nutritionist for The Biggest Loser .
Allam Narayana is a Telugu language journalist , poet , writer , columnist and chief editor of Namaste Telangana .
Rubén Olivares ( born January 14 , 1947 ) is a former Mexican boxer and current member of the Boxing Hall of Fame .
Jerry Winsett ( born July 19 , 1950 ) is an actor , writer and singer who has appeared in numerous television shows including Coach , Mr. Belvedere , It 's Garry Shandling 's Show and Newhart as well as such films as The Chosen , One Crazy Summer , Ragtime , and Woody Allen 's Radio Days .
Richard Morris Hunt ( October 31 , 1827 -- July 31 , 1895 ) was an American architect of the nineteenth century and a preeminent figure in the history of American architecture .
Will Mackenzie ( born July 24 , 1938 ) is an American television director and actor .
Anita Dongre ( born October 3 , 1963 ) is a fashion designer from India .
Shown up as a gangster without the political sensitivity of even Slim Charles , Stringer storms off and is caught in a fatal ambush set up by Omar and Brother Mouzone .
Murray Lerner is an American documentary and experimental film director and producer .
Paz Alicia Garciadiego ( México D.F. 2 September 1949 ) is a Mexican screenwriter known for her scripts for her husband ( Arturo Ripstein ) 's films .
Josh MacPhee is an artist , curator and activist living in Brooklyn , New York .
Tributo to Pino Rucher ( Soundtracks -- A Tribute to Pino Rucher ) , took place at the Cine - Teatro Italia of San Nicandro to recall the musician 's extraordinary career as RAI soloist and his assiduous work for such historic record companies as RCA and Fonit Cetra .
Robert Newhard ( April 28 , 1884 -- May 20 , 1945 ) also known as Robert S. Newhard , Robert Newhardt and Robert Newhart was an American cinematographer .
Stanislav Lakoba ( Abkhaz : Станислав Лакоба , Georgian : სტანისლავ ლაკობა ; born 1953 ) is an academic and politician from Abkhazia .
Richard More ( died 1635 ) of Cuddington , Buckinghamshire , was an English politician .
Jason Scott Sadofsky ( born September 13 , 1970 ) , more commonly known as Jason Scott , is an American archivist , historian of technology , and filmmaker .
Anke Sonnenbrodt is a German freestyle swimmer who won two silver medals at the 1983 European Aquatics Championships .
Jeremiah Bitsui is a Native American actor , best known for his portrayal of Victor in the AMC series Breaking Bad .
Max Cortés is a Spanish stripper , pornographic actor and film director .
Richard Denner ( born November 21 , 1941 ) is an American poet associated with the Berkeley Street Poets and the Poets of the Pacific Northwest .
Alice Stone Blackwell ( September 14 , 1857 -- March 15 , 1950 ) was an American feminist , suffragist , journalist , and human rights advocate .
Naghma ( Pashto : نغمه , born January 1 , 1964(citation needed ) ) is a prominent Afghan singer who started in the early 1980s .
Stuart C. Sealfon , M.D. , is an American neurologist who studies the mechanisms of both the therapeutic and adverse effects of drugs .
Timothy Browning is a mathematician working in number theory , examining the interface of analytic number theory and Diophantine geometry .
Arthur Gostick Shorrock ( 1861 - -1945 ) , a pioneer Baptist missionary in China for 40 years .
Julien Christian Lutz ( born October 31 , 1975 ) , better known as Little X , X or Director X , is a Canadian music video director .
Jan Degenhardt ( July 9 , 1962 ) is a German Lawyer and folk - singer .
Jamo Thomas is an American soul and funk singer , best remembered for his 1966 hit single , `` I Spy ( For the FBI ) '' .
Marie Forleo ( born December 7 , 1975 ) is an American life coach , motivational speaker , author and web television host .
Valeria Gastaldi ( born December 5 , 1981 ) is an Argentine singer , and also a former member of the popgroup Bandana .
Andy Chanley is an American voice - over artist , actor , and radio personality .
Destiny Lightsy is an American actress , singer and dancer who serves as the co - host for the third season of MTV 's reality game show Yo Momma , hosted by Wilmer Valderrama .
Magdalen Hsu - Li is an American singer - songwriter , painter , speaker , writer and cultural activist .
LaMont Johnson ( October 1 , 1941 -- October 21 , 1999 ) was an American jazz pianist who played in the hard bop and post - bop genres .
Asha Ali ( born June 7 , 1980 ) is an Ethiopian - Swedish singer - songwriter .
Ben Pronsky ( Born November 15 , 1978 ) is an American actor and voice actor .
David Common is a Canadian journalist , best known as a correspondent and anchor for CBC News .
George Leslie Mackay ( Chinese : 偕叡理 or 馬偕 ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Kai Jōe - lí or Má - kai ; March 21 , 1844 -- June 2 , 1901 , aged 57 ) was the first Presbyterian missionary to northern Formosa ( Qing - era Taiwan ) .
Charles A. Cummings , or Charles A. Comings , was a Michigan politician .
Henry F. Dimock ( March 28 , 1842 -- April 10 , 1911 ) was a lawyer in New York City who was closely associated with the Whitney family business interests .
Vilhjalmur Stefansson ( Icelandic : Vilhjálmur Stefánsson ) ( November 3 , 1879 -- August 26 , 1962 ) was a Canadian Arctic explorer and ethnologist .
Frank Gill Slaughter ( February 25 , 1908 -- May 17 , 2001 ) , pen - name Frank G. Slaughter , pseudonym C.V. Terry , was an American novelist and physician whose books sold more than 60 million copies .
Mridula Mukherjee ( née Mridula Mahajan ) is an Indian historian known for her Congress leanings , and work on the role of peasants in the Indian independence movement .
Louise Leblanc ( June 10 , 1942 ) is a Canadian writer living in Quebec .
Peter Durrett ( c. 1733 -- 1823 ) ( also appeared in records as Peter Duerrett ) was a Baptist preacher and slave , who with his wife founded the First African Baptist Church of Lexington , Kentucky by 1790 .
Jeremy Hackett is a British fashion designer and business entrepreneur who co - founded the British menswear company Hackett .
Roy Buchanan ( September 23 , 1939 -- August 14 , 1988 ) was an American guitarist and blues musician .
Kevin Chamberlin ( born November 23,1963 ) is an American actor and television director .
Douglas E. Davis ( born September 17 , 1966 ) , better known by the stage name Doug E. Fresh , is a Barbadian born American rapper , record producer , and beat boxer , also known as the Human Beat Box .
César Moro ( August 19 , 1903 -- January 10 , 1956 ) is the pseudonym of Alfredo Quíspez Asín , a Peruvian poet and painter .
Roberto Cassá Bernaldo de Quirós is a Dominican historian , writer , and educator .
Eran Kolirin ( Hebrew : ערן קולירין ) is an Israeli screenwriter and film director .
Liz Carr is a British actress , stand - up comedian , broadcaster and international disability rights activist , who studied law at Nottingham University .
John H. McMasters ( April 26 , 1939 -- February 13 , 2008 ) was an aeronautical engineer notable for his contributions to aerodynamics and engineering education .
William Bullen ( dates unknown ) was an outstanding English cricketer throughout the last quarter of the 18th century .
Sam Millar is a crime writer and playwright .
Robert Wayne Rainey , born March 16 , 1966 , is a director / photographer , and artistic community activist based in Phoenix , Arizona .
Merton Clive Cook ( 1868 - -1931 ) , also known as Merton Clivette , was an American painter , magician , writer , vaudevillian and entertainer who spent most of his early life traveling the world entertaining before settling in New York to paint permanently .
William Corwin Stuart ( April 28 , 1920 -- August 12 , 2010 ) was a United States federal judge , and a former justice of the Iowa Supreme Court .
Donald W. Fiske was a nationally recognized psychologist with specialty in methodological issues in personality , ability , and trait research .
Moses Hampton Todd ( August 31 , 1845 - -November 7 , 1935 ) was a Pennsylvania lawyer , who served as state Attorney General .
Pete Gofton is a Sunderland - based musician and producer who is well known on the North East music scene and has been involved with many artists either playing with them or producing .
Harald Damsleth ( August 16 , 1906 - March 1 , 1971 ) was a Norwegian cartoonist , illustrator and ad - man .
Prodromos Moutafoglou , better known by his stage name Prodromos Tsaousakis , was a popular Greek rebetiko singer , songwriter and composer from
Ashley Támar Davis , known professionally as Támar , is an American R&B singer who came to prominence through her association with the artist Prince .
Bennett Keith Schaeufele ( March 6 , 1937 -- July 26 , 2010 ) , better known by his stage name Ben Keith , was an American musician and record producer .
Nicholas Guyatt is a British historian and author and a lecturer in modern history at the University of York in the United Kingdom .
Walter Ransom Gail Baker ( November 30 , 1892 -- October 30 , 1960 ) was an American electrical engineer .
James Hamilton Ross ( May 12 , 1856 -- December 14 , 1932 ) was a Canadian politician , the Yukon Territory 's third Commissioner , and an ardent defender of territorial rights .
Phillip Kayode Moses ( born June 5 , 1994 ) better known as Pheelz , is a Nigerian audio engineer and record producer who produced the single by Olamide titled `` Durosoke '' which went on to get him nominated in the `` Producer of The Year '' category at The Headies 2013 .
Ellen Prince ( born 1944 - October 24 , 2010 ) was an American linguist .
Charles Westley Abbott ( February 25 , 1877 -- June 26 , 1941 ) was an American football coach and lawyer .
Rene Ricard ( July 23 , 1946 -- February 1 , 2014 ) was an American poet , art critic and painter .
Nripjit Singh Bedi ( commonly known as `` Nippy '' ) ( born June 1 , 1940 ) is a volleyball player who was a member of the Indian national team and competed in the silver medal - winning effort at the 4th Asian Games .
Gomes de Sequeira was a Portuguese explorer in the early 16th century .
Rudolf Mosse ( May 8 , 1843 -- September 8 , 1920 ) was a German publisher and philanthropist .
Robert K. Barklay ( born January 22 , 1960 ) , professionally known as Rocky Shades , is an English singer .
Hiroya Hatsushiba ( Japanese : 初芝 弘也 , Hatsushiba Hiroya ) is the founder of video game developer tri - Crescendo , and a long time sound programmer for composer Motoi Sakuraba , whom he also gives English titles of the tracks Sakuraba creates .
Solomon J. Buchsbaum ( December 4 , 1929 - March 8 , 1993 ) was a Polish American physicist and technologist , best known as chair of the White House Science Council under Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush , and as a senior executive at Bell Laboratories .
Liang Lingzan ( simplified Chinese : 梁令瓒 ; traditional Chinese : 梁令瓚 ; pinyin : Liáng Lìngzàn ; Wade -- Giles : Liang Ling - Tsan ) was a Tang Dynasty military engineer and government official of the Kaiyuan era .
Yvette Lu , M.D. is a Canadian independent film and stage actress , filmmaker , singer , composer , writer and producer , as well as a licensed family physician .
Sir ( James ) Forrest Fulton ( 12 July 1846 -- 25 June 1926 ) was a British judge and Conservative politician .
Robert Kirkland Henry ( February 9 , 1890 -- November 20 , 1946 ) was a banker and politician from Wisconsin .
Bogusław Linda ( Polish : ( bɔˈɡuswaf ˈlinda ) ; born 1952 ) is a Polish actor known from films such as Psy and Tato .
Gabriela Firea ( born Gabriela Vrânceanu , July 13 , 1972 ) is a Romanian journalist and politician .
Millard Meiss ( March 25 , 1904 - June 12 , 1975 ) was an American art historian , one of whose specialties was Gothic architecture .
Edna Schmidt ( born August 8 , 1969 ) is a journalist who was a news anchor for Noticiero Univision Edición Nocturna .
Matt Shakman ( born August 8 , 1975 ) is an American film , television , and theatre director , and former child actor .
Johnny Keyser ( born August 24 , 1988 ) is an American singer , songwriter , composer and recording artist , born in Pompano Beach , Florida .
Marc Silverstein ( born July 1 ) is an American screenwriter , producer , actor , and director .
Attila Verestóy ( born March 1 , 1954 ) is a Romanian chemical engineer and politician .
Jörg Mauthe ( 1924 - -1986 ) was a chain - smoking Austrian writer , journalist and broadcasting executive .
Moorfield Storey ( March 19 , 1845 -- October 24 , 1929 ) was an American lawyer , publicist , and civil rights leader .
Bessie Harvey ( born Bessie Ruth White on October 11 , 1929 , died August 12 , 1994 ) was an American folk artist best known for her sculptures constructed out of found objects , primarily pieces of found wood .
In 2001 The New York Times chose Karita Mattila as the best singer of the year for her performance in Fidelio at the Metropolitan Opera , and in the same year she was nominated for the Laurence Olivier Award `` Outstanding Achievement in Opera '' .
Sohini Alam ( Bengali : সোহিনী আলম ) is a British singer of Bangladeshi descent .
Mark Gelernter is an American academic , architectural historian , and writer .
William Ryan Fritch ( also known under the moniker Vieo Abiungo ) is an American musician , composer , and producer , currently residing in Oakland , California .
Robert Mark Kamen is an American screenwriter who has been writing major motion pictures for over twenty - five years .
Carol D. Goodheart is an American psychologist and a past president of the American Psychological Association ( APA ) .
In 2008 , he let singer Lea Anne Creswell come to his home and choose an album 's worth of songs , which the artist released with the album title Lea Anne Sings Hank Cochran and ....
Nicholas Negroponte ( born December 1 , 1943 ) is a Greek American architect .
Wlastimil Hofman ( 1881 - -1970 ) was a Polish painter , one of the more popular painters of the interwar and postwar years .
Parul Gulati ( Punjabi : ਪਾਰੁਲ ਗੁਲਾਟੀ , Hindi : पारुल गुलाटी ) is a Rohtak born Indian actor but now resides in Mumbai .
Toby Buonagurio is a US artist known for her `` flamboyant '' ceramics .
Francisco Emilio Flynn Rodríguez ( April 13 , 1921 -- August 23 , 2001 ) , better known as Frank Emilio Flynn , was a renowned Cuban pianist .
Sergey Mikayelyan ( Armenian : Սերգեյ Միքայելյան ; born April 27 , 1992 ) is an Armenian cross - country skier who has competed since 2008 .
Oscar Polk ( December 25 , 1899 -- January 4 , 1949 ) was an American actor , best known for his portrayal as the servant `` Pork '' in the 1939 film Gone with the Wind .
Manuel Tadros ( born September 30 , 1956 ) is a Canadian singer , songwriter , actor , comedian and voice actor .
Celeste Thorson ( born July 23 , 1984 ) is an American actress , model , screenwriter , and activist .
Brian Selznick ( born July 14 , 1966 ) is an American illustrator and writer best known for illustrating children 's books .
Bo Weavil Jackson ( dates and places of birth and death unknown , real name said to be James Butler ) , was an African - American blues singer and guitarist .
Edward Pulgar is a Venezuelan violinist and conductor .
Alan Aderem , PhD , is a biologist , specializing in immunology and cell biology .
Georges Richard himself nevertheless continued to play a leading role in the French auto industry , establishing in 1905 the Unic automobile business which half a century later , having switched its focus from passenger cars to commercial vehicles , had evolved into a leading French truck manufacturer .
Herbert Lewis Hardwick Arroyo a.k.a . `` Cocoa Kid '' ( May 2 , 1914 -- December 27 , 1966 ) was an Afro Puerto Rican boxer who fought primarily as a welterweight but also in the middleweight division .
India Summer ( born April 26 , 1975 ) is the stage name of an American pornographic actress and nude model .
Strato of Lampsacus ( /ˈstreɪtoʊ/ ; Greek : Στράτων Straton , gen . : Στράτωνος ; c. 335 -- c. 269 BC ) was a Peripatetic philosopher , and the third director ( scholarch ) of the Lyceum after the death of Theophrastus .
Maurizio Oioli ( born July 9 , 1981 ) is an Italian skeleton racer who competed since 2002 .
Alvan Markle ( August 29 , 1861−March 19 , 1931 ) was an American banker , businessman , engineer , and inventor based in Hazleton , Pennsylvania .
Dr. Muhammad Hashim Esmatullahi is an Afghan journalist and head of the Union of Afghan Journalists .
Seymour Simons , ( January 14 , 1896 - February 12 , 1949 ) was an American pianist , composer , orchestra leader , and radio producer .
Alhaji Ahmed Ramadan is Ghanaian politician and former chairman of People 's National Convention ( PNC ) .
D. P. Agrawal ( Dharma Pal Agrawal ) is a historian of Indian science and technology , archaeologist , and author .
Jean - Louis Roy ( born February 1941 ) is a Canadian historian , journalist and diplomat .
Kevin Stitt is an ACE - certified film editor .
Laura Watkinson is a British literary translator .
Demetrios Christodoulou ( Greek : Δημήτριος Χριστοδούλου ; born October 19 , 1951 ) is a Greek mathematician and physicist , who first became well known for his proof , together with Sergiu Klainerman , of the nonlinear stability of the Minkowski spacetime of special relativity in the framework of general relativity .
Aaro Vainio ( born October 2 , 1993 in Espoo ) is a Finnish racing driver , currently contesting in the GP3 series .
Corinne Michelle West ( 1908 - -1991 ) was an American painter ; she also used the names Mikael and Michael West .
John A. Lucy is an American linguist and psychologist who has been studying the relations between language and cognition , the hypothesis of linguistic relativity , for the past 30 years .
Steven Weinberg ( born May 3 , 1933 ) is an American theoretical physicist and Nobel laureate in Physics for his contributions with Abdus Salam and Sheldon Glashow to the unification of the weak force and electromagnetic interaction between elementary particles .
Ovid Tzeng ( Chinese : 曾志朗 ; pinyin : Zēng Zhìlǎng ; Wade -- Giles : Tseng Chih - lang ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
K - Dee , formerly Kid Disaster , born Darrel Johnson , is an American rapper most known for his album Ass , Gas , or Cash ( No One Rides for Free ) .
Chandler Burr ( born December 30 , 1963 ) is an American journalist , author , and museum curator .
Malese Jow ( born Elizabeth Melise Jow ; February 18 , 1991 ) is an American actress and singer - songwriter .
Louis A. Craco is a New York City lawyer , partner with the law firm Willkie , Farr & Gallagher , and a former president of the New York City Bar Association
Patrick John Ladd , professionally referred to as PJ Ladd , ( born January 11 , 1983 ) is an American professional skateboarder whose stance is regular .
James A. Andersen ( born September 21 , 1924 ) is an American former politician and judge in the state of Washington .
Dainis Krištopāns ( born September 27 , 1990 , Ludza ) is a Latvian handball player who plays for HC Meshkov Brest in the Belarusian Men 's Handball Championship .
Luce Fabbri ( 1908 - 2000 ) was an Italian anarchist writer , publisher and daughter of Luigi Fabbri .
Jacek Salij OP ( born 19 August 1942 , Budy , Wołyń ) is a Polish theologian and Thomist , philosopher , Roman Catholic priest , Dominican , translator , writer and publicist .
Ronald M. Whyte ( born October 25 , 1942 ) is a United States federal judge in San Jose , California .
Franz von Hipper joined the German Navy in 1881 as an officer cadet .
Kinnosuke Ogura ( born Sakata , Yamagata , 1885 -- 1962 , Japanese : 小倉金之助 ) was a Japanese mathematician and historian of mathematics .
Marshall Ledbetter , Jr. ( June 10 , 1969 -- July 14 , 2003 ) was an American photographer , psychedelics enthusiast , iconoclast and unconventional protester .
David Anderle ( July 9 , 1937 -- September 1 , 2014 ) was an American record producer .
Karl Kroeger ( born April 13 , 1932 ) is an American composer and professor of music at several universities .
Monty Powell ( born in Resaca , Georgia ) is an American country music songwriter best known for collaborating with Keith Urban , and for producing albums by Diamond Rio .
Branny Schepanovich , Q.C. ( August 2 , 1941 -- January 15 , 2007 ) was an Alberta lawyer and former politician .
Earle G. Shettleworth , Jr. ( born August 17 , 1948 ) is a Maine historian .
Jane Cross Simpson ( 1811 - -1886 ) was a Scottish writer , known as a hymn - writer and poet .
Dorinda Clark - Cole ( born Dorinda Grace Clark on October 19 , 1957 ) is a three - time Grammy Award - winning American evangelist and gospel singer .
John Beverley Robinson ( February 21 , 1821 -- June 19 , 1896 ) was a Canadian politician , lawyer and businessman .
Yoshiyuki Saito ( born in Naha - shi , Okinawa ) is a Japanese professional wrestler best known by his ring name Super Shisa , currently wrestling for Dragon Gate .
Andrew Singleton is a British neurogeneticist currently working in the USA .
Barry Baldwin ( born in England in 1937 ) is a classicist , journalist and author of mystery fiction .
Joseph Oscar Loya ( born June 12 , 1979 ) is an American singer and Broadway musical theatre performer .
Jyhan Artut ( born October 9 , 1976 ) is a German darts player who competes in Professional Darts Corporation events .
Gilda Gray ( October 24 , 1901 -- December 22 , 1959 ) was an American actress and dancer who popularizing a dance called the `` shimmy '' which became fashionable in 1920s films and theater productions .
Edith Frost ( born August 18 , 1964 ) is an American singer - songwriter who describes her music as `` pensive countrified psychedelia '' .
Peter G. Morin is an American attorney , novelist , and politician who represented the 2nd Barnstable District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1985 to 1991 .
Sergio Sighinolfi ( April 25 , 1925 in Modena -- September 7 1956 in San Venanzo ) was an Italian racing driver .
Jackie Payne ( September 26 , 1945 - ) is an American blues singer .
Mateusz Kossior , also Kosior , Kossiur , Kossyor , Mateusz Koło , ( 16th century ) was a Polish painter and sculptor of the late Renaissance .
George Tisdale Hodges ( July 4 , 1789 -- August 9 , 1860 ) was an American politician who served as a U.S. Representative from Vermont .
Tremoleta was a Catalan troubadour mentioned by the Monge de Montaudon in his satire of contemporary troubadours ( c.1195 ) .
Franz Sedlacek ( 1891 - -1945 ) was an Austrian painter who belonged to the tradition known as `` New Objectivity '' ( `` neue Sachlichkeit '' ) , an artistic movement similar to Magical Realism .
Brad Raider ( born April 28 , 1975 ) is an American stage and screen actor , director , and producer .
Zhao Yuan ( simplified Chinese : 赵原 ; traditional Chinese : 趙原 ; pinyin : Zhào Yuán ; Wade -- Giles : Chao Yüan ) is a noted Chinese painter in late Yuan and early Ming Dynasty .
William Whiting Borden ( November 1 , 1887 -- April 9 , 1913 ) was a Christian missionary to Northern China and an heir to his father 's real estate fortune .
John A. Fox ( 1836 - -1920 ) was a prominent American architect who was considered the `` Father of Stick Style '' American architecture .
Robert Majzels ( born May 12 , 1950 ) is a Canadian novelist , poet , playwright and translator .
A career lawyer , entrepreneur and public servant , Harry E. Johnson ( b. in St. Louis , Missouri , United States ) , is a Partner at the Law Office of Glenn and Johnson in Houston , Texas .
Merete Wiger ( January 3 , 1921 - December 24 , 2015 ) was a Norwegian novelist , author of short stories , children 's writer and playwright .
Roberto Arango - Vinent is a Cuban American politician who served as a member of the Senate of Puerto Rico from January 2005 until August 2011 .
Kevin Ferguson ( born February 8 , 1974 ) , better known as Kimbo Slice , is a Bahamian - born American boxer , mixed martial artist , and occasional actor .
Derry Beckett ( born 1918 ) was an Irish Gaelic footballer and hurler who played as a left corner - forward for the Cork senior teams .
Rose Melberg is a musician and songwriter from Sacramento , California , currently based in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Sun Xing ( born October 16 , 1963 ) is a Hong Kong actor and Mandopop singer born in Guangzhou , China .
Reidar Särestöniemi ( 1925 - 05 - 14 Kittilä -- 1981 - 05 - 27 Kittilä ) was a Finnish painter from Finnish Lapland .
Jack Barlow ( 1924 - -2011 ) was an American country music singer and songwriter .
Silvestro Mattei ( 1653 - -1739 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , born and active in Rome and Ascoli Piceno .
Joel Cox ( Born April 2 , 1942 ) is an American film editor .
Ego Leonard is a Dutch painter and sculptor , and possibly an anonymous guerrilla artist , whose works prominently feature outsized Lego figures .
Cesar Sanudo ( October 26 , 1943 -- August 28 , 2011 ) was an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour and the Senior PGA Tour .
José Antonio Cruz Oliva is a Honduran sociologist .
Turjan Hyska is an Albanian singer , song - writer , and producer .
Angelina Michshuk ( Kazakh : Ангелина Мищук ; born May 1 , 1988 in Shymkent ) is a Kazakhstani sport shooter .
Betty Applewhite is the first African - American housewife to be a major character on Desperate Housewives , and is described as a `` deeply religious , overbearing single mother '' .
Marshall Trimble ( born 1939 ) is an American author , singer , community college professor , and Arizona 's official state historian .
Baron Nils Erik Wilhelm af Wetterstedt ( November 8 , 1815 - January 1 , 1887 ) was a Swedish diplomat and translator of opera lyrics .
Mike Scholz ( born August 6 , 1988 in London , Ontario ) is a Canadian international rugby union player who plays as a centre .
Eduardo Lucero is a Los Angeles based United States fashion designer .
Jacques Leiser is an international artists manager and photographer who has represented and collaborated with many of the world 's greatest concert pianists , composers , violinists , composers and singers .
Ahmet Refik Altınay was a historian , writer , poet , and professor of history at Darülfünun .
Andrew Talcott ( 1797 - -1883 ) was an American civil engineer and close friend of Civil War General Robert E. Lee .
Radi Nedelchev ( Bulgarian : Ради Неделчев ) ( born April 1 , 1938 ) is a Bulgarian artist best known as a painter of naïve art . His paintings depict mostly landscapes , village life and festivals .
Philippe Bouvy was a Belgian boxer and Olympian .
Charles Jewtraw ( May 5 , 1900 -- January 26 , 1996 ) was an American speed skater , who won the first gold medal ( in the 500 m ) at the first Winter Olympics in 1924 ; he finished eighth in he 1500 m and 13th in the 5000 m events .
Thomas Welles Bartley ( also known as Thomas W. Bartley ) ( February 11 , 1812 - - June 20 , 1885 ) was a Democratic politician from the U.S. state of Ohio .
Tahmoh Penikett ( ( ˈtaʔmo ) /ˈpɛnᵻkᵻt/ ; born May 20 , 1975 ) is a Canadian actor .
Nordic Spotlight , another online publicist focusing on Nordic music , wrote that `` There 's a touch of Björk in the vocal mannerisms of Norwegian singer / songwriter Anette Askvik '' .
Lincoln Theodore Monroe Andrew Perry ( May 30 , 1902 -- November 19 , 1985 ) , better known by the stage name Stepin Fetchit , was an American comedian and film actor , who had his greatest fame throughout the 1930s .
John ' Dusty ' King ( born Miller McLeod Everson , July 11 , 1909 -- November 11 , 1987 ) was a singer and film actor renowned for his Westerns particularly the Range Busters series .
Matthias Staudacher is a German theoretical physicist who has done significant work in the area of quantum field theory .
J. Todd Adams is an American stage , film and television actor who lives and works primarily in Southern California .
Hemulal Yadav is an Indian cricketer who played first - class cricket for Tripura .
Lisa Alther ( born July 23 , 1944 in Kingsport , Tennessee ) is an American author and novelist .
Sue Carol ( October 30 , 1906 -- February 4 , 1982 ) was an American actress and talent agent .
Clarice Modeste - Curwen is a politician and educator from Grenada .
Edimilson Souza ( born October 17 , 1984 ) , professionally known as Kevin Souza , is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who competed in the featherweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
Mr. C. Narayanaswamy is a politician who has rendered over three decades of service to Karnataka State .
Roscoe Todd Karns ( January 15 , 1921 -- February 5 , 2000 ) was an American actor perhaps best remembered for playing Harry Bailey , the younger brother of George Bailey ( James Stewart ) in the Christmas classic It 's a Wonderful Life .
Zakiah Daradjat ( November 6 , 1926 -- January 15 , 2013 ) was an Indonesian Islamic psychologist , educator , and professor of psychology at the Syarif Hidayatullah State Islamic University Jakarta .
H. Richard Winn is an American neurosurgeon and Professor of Neurosurgery and Neuroscience at Mount Sinai School of Medicine .
Lorenzo Sassoli de Bianchi ( born in 1952 ) is an Italian businessman and philanthropist , currently President of Valsoia , an Italian health food company .
Megon McDonough ( formerly Megan McDonough ) is an American folk / cabaret singer - songwriter and actress , from Crystal Lake , Illinois .
Eloy Fominaya , PhD ( b. 10 Jun 1925 New York City ; d. 8 Apr 2002 , Augusta , Georgia ) , was an American contemporary composer , music educator at the collegiate level , conductor , violinist , and , as of 1985 , a luthier .
Hanon Reznikov ( born Howard Reznick ; September 23 , 1950 -- May 3 , 2008 ) was an American actor and writer .
George Edward Alcorn , Jr. ( b. March 22 , 1940 ) is a pioneer African - American physicist and inventor who worked primarily for IBM and NASA .
Ray Danniels is a Canadian music executive , record producer , and talent manager .
Rohan Sippy ( Sindhi : سیپی رمیش‎ ) is an Indian film director and producer who has directed four films :
Willard Robertson ( January 1 , 1886 -- April 5 , 1948 ) was an American actor and writer .
James Alan Gardner ( born January 10 , 1955 ) is a Canadian science fiction author .
Harold P. Boas ( born June 26 , 1954 , in Evanston , Illinois , USA ) is an American mathematician .
Manu Intiraymi ( born April 22 , 1978 ) is an American television and theatre actor , best known as Icheb on the television series Star Trek :
Simon Templeman is an English actor known for his roles as Kain in the video game series Legacy of Kain , Jacob Danik , the main antagonist in the video game Dead Space 3 , and as Teyrn Loghain Mac Tir in Dragon Age :
Haseeb Hassan ( sometimes Haseeb Hasan ) is veteran Pakistani television drama and film director .
Kadavanad Kuttikrishnan ( October 10 , 1925 -- August 19 , 1992 ) was a Malayalam -- language poet and journalist from Kerala state , South India .
Sohan Lal Jain is an Indian paleontologist , who worked for many years at the Indian Statistical Institute , Kolkata .
Peter Fanucchi is a Californian winegrower in the Russian River Valley AVA .
Delia Steinberg Guzmán , ( Buenos Aires , 1943 ) , is a philosopher , music , writer and International Chairwoman of the International Organization New Acropolis , of philosophy , culture and voluntary work from the year 1991 .
Alexander P. Yefremov is a Russian physicist , vice rector at Peoples ' Friendship University of Russia and director of its Institute of Gravitation and Cosmology .
Ivenue Love - Stanley , FAIA , NOMA , is an American architect .
Edith Starr Miller , Lady Queenborough ( July 16 , 1887 - January 16 , 1933 ) was a New York socialite , author and anti - Mormon agitator who in 1921 became the second wife of Almeric Hugh Paget , 1st Baron Queenborough , a British Fascist .
Francis Ford Coppola ( /ˈkoʊpələ/ ; born April 7 , 1939 ) is an American film director , producer and screenwriter .
Neil D. Drysdale ( born 11 December 1947 , Haslemere , Surrey , England ) is an American - based thoroughbred race horse trainer .
Kenneth Elvebakk ( born October 11 , 1966 in Hemnesberget ) is a Norwegian documentary film director and producer .
Lauren Gunderson ( born February 5 , 1982 ) is an award - winning American playwright , born in Atlanta .
Eric Gansworth is a Haudenosaunee novelist , poet and visual artist .
Tinca Stegovec ( born April 8 , 1927 ) is Slovenian artist , mostly printmaker and painter , and associated with the group of artists internationally known as Ljubljana Graphic School .
Hannes Löschel ( born 1963 in Vienna ) is an Austrian electronic composer .
Mary Paraskeva ( née Gripari , 1882 - -1951 ) was a Greek amateur photographer ; her photographic legacy from the beginning of the 20th century is probably the earliest known by a Greek woman .
Tommie Lee Guthrie ( December 27 , 1937 - June 14 , 2013 ) , known professionally as Tom Tall , was an American rockabilly singer popular in the 1950s .
George Papassavas ( January 28 , 1924 ) is a painter who has traveled extensively throughout Latin America .
John Frederick Parker ( May 19 , 1830 -- June 28 , 1890 ) was an American police officer for the Metropolitan Police Department of the District of Columbia .
Jacob Lateiner , ( May 31 , 1928 -- December 12 , 2010 ) was a Cuban - American pianist .
Lydia Canaan is a Lebanese singer - songwriter , recording artist , poet , activist , and musical pioneer widely regarded as the first rock star of the Middle East .
Lyn Ott ( April 25 , 1926 -- April 22 , 1998 ) , born Lynfield George Ott , was an American painter and a follower of Meher Baba .
Artur Khachatryan ( Armenian : Արթուր Խաչատրյան ; born September 13 , 1983 ) is an Armenian amateur boxer .
Victor Danielsen ( March 28 , 1894 -- February 2 , 1961 ) , was the first Faroese Bible translator and Plymouth Brethren missionary .
Mike Mazzei is a Republican United States politician from the U.S. state of Oklahoma and is an Assistant Majority Floor Leader of the Oklahoma Senate .
Piero Weiss ( January 26 , 1928 -- October 2 , 2011 ) was an Italian - American pianist and musicologist .
Frances Lear ( July 14 , 1923 , Hudson , New York -- September 30 , 1996 , Manhattan ) was an activist , magazine publisher and writer .
Stanley Haidasz , PC , MD ( March 4 , 1923 -- August 6 , 2009 ) was a Canadian politician .
Patrick O'Hara was an Irish politician , general merchant and farmer .
Joe McNally ( born July 27 , 1952 ) is an American photographer who has been shooting for the National Geographic Society since 1987 .
Dominic Motikoe was a Basotho politician who led the National Independent Party ( NIP ) and served as a Member of Parliament in the National Assembly of Lesotho until his death in 2009 .
Beth Amsel is an American folk singer / songwriter .
Danny Dorling ( born 1968 ) is a British social geographer and is the Halford Mackinder Professor of Geography of the School of Geography and the Environment of the University of Oxford .
Princess Nika Yourievitch was a French - born socialite and author , descended from Russian and Montenegrin nobility .
Roger Chickering is an American historian of the German Empire and World War I. He was a professor at Georgetown University , retiring in 2010 .
Scott Colomby ( born September 19 , 1952 ) is an American film and stage actor , best known for his roles in Caddyshack ( 1980 ) and Porky 's ( 1982 ) .
Floyd Kalber ( December 23 , 1924 -- May 13 , 2004 ) was a noted American television journalist and anchorman , nicknamed `` The Big Tuna . ''
Albert K. Cohen ( June 15 , 1918 - November 25 , 2014 ) was a prominent American criminologist .
Paul Massie ( born Arthur Dickinson Massé , July 7 , 1932 , St. Catharines , Ontario -- June 8 , 2011 ) was a Canadian actor and academic .
Albert Winsemius ( 1910 - -1996 ) , a Dutch economist , was Singapore 's long - time economic advisor from 1961 to 1984 .
Kristian Widmer ( born October 26 , 1967 ) is a Swiss film producer and TV - producer .
Francesco Carrozzini ( born September 9 , 1982 ) is an Italian - born photographer and Emmy - Award - nominated director , currently based between New York City and Los Angeles .
Wavis O'Shave is a surreal English musician and comedian who regularly appeared on Channel 4 's music show The Tube ( 1982 - -1987 ) .
Courtney Smith , better known by his stage name Fresh Caesar , is an American rapper , song writer and entrepreneur .
Marsden Hartley ( January 4 , 1877 -- September 2 , 1943 ) was an American Modernist painter , poet , and essayist .
Jon Lolis is an Albanian / Greek actor who is most noted for his role of Aleksander Malota in British Channel 4 soap Hollyoaks .
Kees Verwey ( 1900 - -1995 ) , was a Dutch painter who was productive well into old age .
Bob Henriques ( born 1930 ) is a photojournalist associated with Magnum Photos known for candid portraits of notable people , including Marilyn Monroe , Fidel Castro , Robert F. Kennedy , and Martin Luther King , Jr ..
Julian Eltinge ( May 14 , 1881 -- March 7 , 1941 ) , born William Julian Dalton , was an American stage and screen actor and female impersonator .
Benjamin T. Wood is an American architect who designed Shanghai 's famous Xintiandi , which means `` New Heaven and Earth , '' a refined cluster of traditionally styled Shanghai brick town houses near the old French Concession district .
Mimi Hughes is an American long - distance swimmer who began her long - distance swims by crossing the Bering Strait .
Professor David Flower is a British astronomer and physical chemist and the current Editor in Chief of the Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society ( MNRAS ) .
Sunil Mukhi is an Indian theoretical physicist working in the areas of string theory , quantum field theory and particle physics .
Kevan Tebay ( 2 February 1936 -- 13 August 1996 ) was an English cricketer active from 1959 to 1963 who played for Lancashire .
John E. Braun ( born January 16 , 1967 ) is an American politician from Washington state .
Lynne Arriale is an American pianist , composer and bandleader who has been critically praised by the New York Times : `` Lynne Arriale 's brilliant musicianship and bandstand instincts place her among the top jazz pianists of the day , '' and The Times : `` Arriale is putting the heart back into jazz . ''
Al Prince ( died April 8 , 2010 ) was an American - born French Polynesian journalist and tourism expert .
Ogden Mills ( December 18 , 1856 - January 29 , 1929 ) was an American financier and Thoroughbred racehorse owner .
Nikhil Mehta is an Indian television actor , model and VJ .
Yolande Brener is an English author and actress known for her memoir , Holy Candy :
Jan Świtkowski ( born January 23 , 1994 ) is a Polish competitive swimmer who specializes in butterfly events .
Martín Barba , is a Mexican actor , known for his character Benjamín Casanegra in the series Último año .
Jamal Ehsani ( Urdu : جمال احسانی‎ ) ( April 21 , 1951 -- February 10 , 1998 ) , was a Pakistani poet noted for his work in the ghazal form .
Carlo Mense ( May 13 , 1886 -- August 11 , 1965 ) was a German artist , associated at various times with the Düsseldorf school of painting , Rhenish Expressionism and New Objectivity .
Irie Love ( her birth - given name ) ( born on July 7 , 1982 in Kailua , Honolulu County , Hawaii ) is a Hawaiian R&B Reggae singer and songwriter .
Scott Sales is an American politician who is the Minority Leader of the Montana House of Representatives .
Malouma 's lamb - filled pancakes were a highlight of the festival presenting an up - front and personal encounter with the musician for the audience .
Henry William Allan ( December 29 , 1843 -- March 10 , 1913 ) was a Canadian politician , merchant and produce dealer .
Martyn Moore is a British journalist , editor and film - maker .
Lee de Forest ( August 26 , 1873 -- June 30 , 1961 ) was an American inventor , self - described `` Father of Radio '' , and a pioneer in the development of sound - on - film recording used for motion pictures .
Bichu Thirumala ( Malayalam : ബിച്ചു തിരുമല ) is an Indian lyricist and poet from Kerala , who works in the Malayalam film industry .
Bing Futch ( b. Hollywood , California , 1966 ) is a musician whose primary instrument is the mountain dulcimer .
Anthony Calderbank is an English translator of contemporary Arabic literature .
Oiana Blanco is a Spanish judoka who competes in the women 's 48 kg category .
Adnan Omran ( Arabic : عدنان عمران‎ ) ( born 1934 ) is a Syrian diplomat and politician who served as information minister from 2000 to 2003 .
Barry Lyga ( born September 11 , 1971 ) , is an American young adult novelist and short story writer .
Toby Saks ( January 8 , 1942 -- August 1 , 2013 ) was an American cellist , the founder of the Seattle Chamber Music Society and a member of the New York Philharmonic .
Ankur Bhatia ( born 24 May 1982 ) is an Indian actor and model .
Taro Yamasaki is a Pulitzer Prize - winning photographer , and the eldest son of architect Minoru Yamasaki .
Erik Richter is a screenwriter and , with Michael Ouweleen , the co - creator of Harvey Birdman , Attorney at Law .
Joel Lamangan is a Filipino film director , television director and actor .
Ana Carolina Reston Macan ( June 4 , 1985 -- November 15 , 2006 ) was a Brazilian fashion model .
Francesca Dellera ( born Francesca Cervellera on October 2 , 1966 in Rome ) is an Italian actress and model .
Liam James ( born August 7 , 1996 ) is a Canadian actor , known for his role as Noah Curtis in the 2009 film 2012 , young Shawn Spencer on the USA Network television series Psych , and the lead character , Duncan , in 2013 's The Way , Way Back .
Kara Maria is a contemporary American painter who lives and works in San Francisco .
Jason Starr ( born 1966 ) is an American author and screenplay writer from New York City .
Robert von Ezdorf ( 1889 - -March 26 , 1956 ) was an American architect and composer .
Samuel Eliot ( December 22 , 1821 -- September 14 , 1898 ) was a historian , educator , and public - minded citizen of Boston , Massachusetts and Hartford , Connecticut .
Lin Fengmian ( Chinese : 林風眠 ; November 22 , 1900 -- August 12 , 1991 ) , originally Lin Fengming ( 林凤鸣 ) , was a Chinese painter and is considered a pioneer of modern Chinese painting for blending Chinese and Western styles .
Herbert Rudley , ( March 22 , 1910 -- September 9 , 2006 ) , was a prolific character actor who appeared on stage , in films and on television .
Michelle Manning is an American film director , producer and television director .
Gil Lavi ( Hebrew : גיל לביא‎ ; born 1985 ) is an Israeli photographer who lives in New York .
Fernand Yves Jabouin ( born May 30 , 1979 ) is a Haitian - Canadian mixed martial artist who competes in the Bantamweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
He was the eighth child and only son of Thomas Sopwith ( a civil engineer ) & his wife Lydia Gertrude née Messiter .
W. Axl Rose ( born William Bruce Rose , Jr. ; raised as William Bruce Bailey ; February 6 , 1962 ) is an American singer - songwriter and musician .
Vilmos Vázsonyi ( born as Vilmos Weiszfeld ; 1868 - -1926 ) was a Hungarian publicist and politician .
Whitman Knapp was the son of Wallace Percy Knapp , a wealthy German American lawyer in New York .
Adolf Lieben ( December 3 , 1836 -- June 6 , 1914 ) was an Austrian Jewish chemist .
Roy Bedichek ( June 27 , 1878 -- May 21 , 1959 ) was a Texan writer , naturalist and educator .
Tsukasa Dokite ( 土器手 司 ) , is a Japanese animator and character designer .
Nils Norén ( born c. 1967 ) is a chef and culinary educator based in New York City , where he holds the position of Vice President of Culinary and Pastry Arts at The French Culinary Institute .
Thorarinn G. Petursson ( born July 2 , 1966 ) , is an Icelandic economist .
Laurence Mancuso ( June 30 , 1934 -- June 10 , 2007 ) was the founding abbot of the New Skete Eastern Orthodox monastic community in upstate New York .
Linus Yale , Jr. ( April 4 , 1821 -- December 25 , 1868 ) was an American mechanical engineer and manufacturer , best known for his inventions of locks , especially the cylinder lock .
Orri Páll Dýrason ( Icelandic pronunciation : ( ˈɔrːɪ ˈpautl ˈtiːrasɔn ) ; born on 4 July 1977 ) is the drummer for Sigur Rós .
Stacie Chan is an American actress and journalist , best known for her role as Jade Chan in the cartoon show Jackie Chan Adventures .
William Langton ( or William of Rotherfield ; died 1279 ) was a medieval English priest and nephew of Archbishop Walter de Gray .
Li Jiahang ( Chinese : 李佳航 ; pinyin : Lǐ Jiāháng ; born March 8 , 1987 ) is a Chinese actor .
Renzo Picasso ( 1880 - -1975 ) was an Italian architect , engineer , and urban planner and designer .
Burton Richter ( born March 22 , 1931 ) is a Nobel Prize - winning American physicist .
Philip Leder ( born November 19 , 1934 ) is an American geneticist .
Jenny Bicks is an American television producer and screenwriter , most notable for her work as a television writer on the HBO series , Sex and the City and as the creator and writer of the ABC series , Men in Trees .
Kirsten Grind ( née Kirsten Orsini - Meinhard , born July 28 , 1979 ) is an award - winning American journalist and author .
David Avison ( March 13 , 1937 -- March 7 , 2004 ) was an American photographer and physicist , best known for his use of a wide angle lens to capture nature , crowds , and portraits .
Elizabeth Jane Urbano Oineza , better known simply as Jane Oineza ( born July 22 , 1996 ) , is a Filipina actress , commercial model and singer .
Stephen Keeling is a British composer and musician who works predominantly in musical theatre .
Charles Martinet ( born September 17 , 1955 ) ( English /mɑːrtɪˈneɪ/ ; French : ( maʁtinɛ ) ) is an American actor and voice actor best known for voicing Mario in the Super Mario video game series .
Rimvydas Valatka ( born December 19 , 1956 near Irkutsk , Soviet Union ) is a Lithuanian journalist and signatory of the 1990 Act of the Re - Establishment of the State of Lithuania .
Jewel Brown ( born August 30 , 1937 in Houston , Texas , United States ) is an American jazz and blues singer .
John H. Ritter ( born October 31 , 1951 , San Pedro , California ) is an American novelist , short story writer , teacher , and lecturer .
Allen Siple ( 1900 - 1973 ) was an American architect , working in Southern California from the 1930s to 1960s .
Peter Sabin Willett , known as Sabin Willett , ( born March 6 , 1957 ) is an American lawyer and novelist , a partner with the Philadelphia - based law firm Morgan , Lewis & Bockius , formerly a partner at Bingham McCutchen .
Vidna Obmana ( stylized vidnaObmana on many album covers ) is a pseudonym used by Belgian composer and ambient musician Dirk Serries .
Helena Swanwick worked as a journalist , initially as a sort of protegée of C.P. Scott , and wrote articles for the Manchester Guardian .
Charles W. Blackwell ( July 30 , 1942 -- January 2 , 2013 ) was an American Chickasaw Nation diplomat and lawyer .
Rottyful Sky ( Korean : 로티플스카이 ) ( born Kim Hanul ; formerly known as Haneul ) was a Korean pop singer .
Cho - Liang Lin ( Lin Cho - liang , Chinese : 林昭亮 , born January 29 , 1960 ) , born in Hsinchu , Taiwan , is a Taiwanese American violinist who is renowned for his appearances as a soloist with major orchestras .
Jaime Jamgochian is a Christian singer songwriter and worship leader based in Nashville , Tennessee .
L. M. Wells ( February 5 , 1862 -- January 1 , 1923 ) was an American actor of the silent film era .
Daria Komarkova ( Russian : Дарья Комаркова ) is a Russian fashion model .
Stephen Hibbert is an English - born actor and comedy writer .
He in not be confused to another Kenyan marathon runner named Luke Kibet , who is eight years older and won the Country Music Marathon in 2004 .
Michael Stephen Manna ( born October 9 , 1971 ) is an American professional wrestler and podcaster , better known by his ring name , Stevie Richards .
Giovanni Battista Bracelli ( floruit 1616 - 1649 ) was an Italian engraver and painter of the Baroque period , active Florence .
Don Lanier ( July 13 , 1936 -- July 23 , 2014 ) was an American songwriter and composer .
Adrian Crowley is a singer - songwriter from Galway , based in Dublin and was born in Sliema , Malta .
Otha Young ( aka Robert Otha Young ) ( 1943 - 2009 ) was an American singer , songwriter , guitarist , producer and the longtime musical partner of Grammy - Award winning country - pop artist Juice Newton .
Philip S. Yu ( born ca 1952 ) is an American computer scientist and Professor in Information Technology at the University of Illinois at Chicago , known for his work in the field of data mining .
Mohamed Abdulghani ( Somali : Maxamed Cabduulgaani , Arabic : محمد عبد الغني‎ ) is a Somali economist and politician .
Samantha Ettus ( born July 12 , 1972 ) is a bestselling American author , speaker , TV contributor and syndicated radio host , widely known as a work life balance expert and successful businesswoman .
Dawn Landes ( also dawn Landes ) ( born December 5 , 1980 ) is an American singer - songwriter and musician .
Willard Van der Veer ( August 23 , 1894 -- June 16 , 1963 ) was an American cinematographer who won an Academy Award at the 3rd Academy Awards for Best Cinematography for the film With Byrd at the South Pole with Joseph T. Rucker .
Holbrook Mann MacNeille ( May 11 , 1907 -- September 30 , 1973 ) was an American mathematician who worked for the United States Atomic Energy Commission before becoming the first Executive Director of the American Mathematical Society .
Yekutiel Gershoni ( Hebrew : יקותיאל גרשוני‎ ) is an Israeli historian and a former paralympic champion .
Paolo Borsellino ( Italian : ( ˈpaːolo borselˈliːno ) ; January 19 , 1940 -- July 19 , 1992 ) was an Italian judge .
Michoel Pressburger ( Michael Pressburger ) is a leading Austrian haredi rabbi who heads the historic Schiffschul synagogue in Vienna 's second district where a sizable ( Ultra-)Orthodox Jewish community once thrived in the years leading to the Holocaust .
Chara Bachir ( Arabic : شارة بشير‎ ) is an Algerian politician .
The Moshe Zemer award was established by MARAM , and is awarded to a rabbi or rabbinical student who has researched and developed questions and answers on a current event in Israel .
Mervyn Black is a Northern Ireland architect and urban designer ; and partner in Hall Black Douglas Architects .
Eric Monti ( December 6 , 1917 -- February 1 , 2009 ) was an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour in the 1940s , 1950s and 1960s .
Isabelle Antena ( born May 28 , 1960 ) is a French singer and songwriter , notable both as a founder of electro - samba pioneers Antena and also as a prolific and successful solo artist .
Edward Atkinson Hornel ( 1864 - -1933 ) was a Scottish painter of landscapes , flowers , and foliage , with children .
Giles Hardie is an Australian film critic , entertainment journalist , producer and television personality .
Peter MacGregor - Scott ( b. December 28 , 1947 ) is an American film producer , production manager and assistant director .
Dan Macarthur is an Australian film director and director of photography and founder of 18 ° Entertainment .
Kaki Hunter ( born Katherine Susan Hunter ; November 6 , 1955 ) is an American actress , architect & writer .
Ben Chasny is an indie rock and psych folk guitarist .
William Clauson ( born May 2 , 1930 ) is a Swedish - American singer of folk songs from various nations .
Laura Beatrice Mancini ( January 17 , 1821 -- July 17 , 1869 ) , born Laura Beatrice Oliva , was an Italian poet .
Hugh W. Sloan Jr. ( born November 1 , 1940 ) was treasurer of the Committee to Re - elect the President , Richard M. Nixon 's 1972 campaign committee .
Col Kimmorley ( born 24 August 1956 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Andrée Champagne , PC ( born July 17 , 1939 ) is a Canadian actress , pianist and politician .
Don Lundstrom is an American sculptor whose sculptures are featured in public institutions , churches , museums , and private collections principally in the Midwestern United States .
Randy Sabien ( pronunciation : /səˈbiːn/ ) ( born September 26 , 1956 ) is an American jazz violinist , composer , and music educator known for his live performances and numerous recordings , many of them on Flying Fish Records and Red House Records .
Gustavus Cheyney Doane ( May 29 , 1840 -- May 5 , 1892 ) was a U.S. Army Cavalry Captain , explorer , inventor and Civil War soldier who played a prominent role in the exploration of Yellowstone as a member of the Washburn - Langford - Doane Expedition .
William Herrick Macaulay ( November 16 , 1853 -- November 28 , 1936 ) was a British mathematician , Fellow and Vice - Provost of King 's College , Cambridge , and close friend of Karl Pearson .
Mary - Dulany James ( born February 1 , 1960 ) is an American politician who represented district 34A in the Maryland House of Delegates for sixteen years , representing Harford and Cecil Counties along the U.S. Route 40 corridor .
Roman Rafreider ( born November 22 , 1969 ) is an Austrian television host and journalist .
John Siket is a music producer , recording engineer , and mixer .
Emily Taheny is an Australian television actress , comedian , and singer known for her multiple appearances on the sketch comedy television series Comedy Inc. from 2003 through 2007 , and for her role as `` Kat '' on the 2009 series The Jesters .
Harry Hallenberger ( October 24 , 1877 -- March 4 , 1954 ) was an American cinematographer who was nominated at the 14th Academy Awards for Best Cinematography - Color , along with Ray Rennahan .
Mando Saenz is a singer - songwriter living in Nashville , Tennessee .
Dennis Dreith ( born June 15 , 1948 ) is a motion picture music composer , arranger , and conductor .
Ian Mantle was a motor vehicle engineer and motor trade entrepreneur who became an important post war influence in the development of touring caravans .
Brian Christie is an television news journalist , talk show host , and anchor .
Myrna Lorrie ( b. Myrna Lorraine Petrunka , August 6 , 1940 , Cloud Bay , Ontario ) is a Canadian country singer / songwriter / musician .
Gourgen Edilyan ( Arm . : Գուրգեն Էդիլյան ) ( 25.12.1885 - 18.01.1942 ) was an Armenian psychologist , a student of Wilhelm Wundt and the first dean of the Armenian Pedagogical Institute .
James Pasqual Bettio is an American artist , photographer , educator , fashion designer , museum operator , and community organizer .
Sutham Sangprathum ( Thai : สุธรรม แสงประทุม , born October 26 , 1953 ) is a Thai politician of the Thai Rak Thai political party , and is of Thai Chinese descent .
Sinan - i Atik , also known as Azadlı Sinan , and Atik Sinan ( meaning Sinan the Freedman ; azadlı shows that atik does not mean old , and is not used to distinguish him from Koca Mimar Sinan Agha ) , was an Ottoman architect for Sultan Mehmed II during the 15th century .
Alessio Sakara ( born September 2 , 1981 ) is an Italian professional mixed martial artist , former professional boxer and Sanshou kickboxer , previously competing in the Light Heavyweight division of Bellator MMA .
Gheorghe Marinescu ( Romanian : ( ˈɡe̯orɡe mariˈnesku ) ; February 28 , 1863 -- May 15 , 1938 ) was a Romanian neurologist , founder of the Romanian School of Neurology .
Bernardino José de Campos Júnior ( September 6 , 1841 -- January 18 , 1915 ) was a Brazilian politician , second and sixth governor of the State of São Paulo ( August 23 , 1892 to April 15 , 1896 and July 1902 to May 1904 ) .
Henry Vaughan Lanchester ( 1863 - -1953 ) was a British architect working in London .
Abner Kneeland ( April 7 , 1774 -- August 27 , 1844 ) was an American evangelist and theologian who advocated many views , religious and social , which were considered extremely radical for his day .
Mai Chia - je ( Chinese : 買嘉瑞 ; pinyin : Mǎi Jiāruì , born February 25 , 1987 in Taiwan ) is a Taiwanese baseball player who played for Brother Elephants of Chinese Professional Baseball League .
Ruth E. Carter ( born : April 10 , 1960 ) is an African American costume designer , for film and television , with over 40 films to her credit , who has mastered the look of multiple periods and genres in envisioning the clothing and overall appearance of a character or performer .
Alfonso Maribona is an orchestra conductor , pianist , composer and arranger .
Kyle DiFulvio ( born May 18 , 1975 ) is an American singer -- songwriter and musician .
Clarissa Ward ( born January 30 , 1980 ) is an American television journalist who is currently foreign correspondent with CNN .
Wunmi , real name Ibiwunmi Omotayo Olufunke Felicity Olaiya , is a singer , dancer and fashion designer .
J.T. Sloan ( also Justin Sloan ) is a Canadian actor in gay pornography .
George Letellier ( born October 11 , 1957 ) is an American jazz pianist and composer , currently living in Luxembourg .
John Joseph Adams ( born 1976 ) is an American science fiction and fantasy editor , critic , and publisher .
Exene Cervenka ( born Christene Lee Cervenka , February 1 , 1956 ) is an American singer , artist , and poet , known for her work as a singer in the California punk rock band X.
Jennifer Flackett is an American film director and screen / television writer .
Hiram Blanchard ( January 17 , 1820 -- December 17 , 1874 ) was a Nova Scotia lawyer , politician , and the first Premier of the province of Nova Scotia .
Dr. Pedro Beauchamp is an endocrinologist who is the first Puerto Rican specialist certified by the American Reproductive Endocrinology and Infertility Board .
Andrés Cepeda ( born July 7 , 1973 ) is a popular Colombian singer and songwriter .
Margalit Tzan'ani ( Hebrew : מַרְגָּלִית צַנְעָנִי ; born December 19 , 1948 ) , also known as Margol , is an Israeli singer and television personality .
James Earl Jones ( born January 17 , 1931 ) is an American actor who in a career spanning more than 60 years has become known as `` one of America 's most distinguished and versatile '' actors and `` one of the greatest actors in American history . ''
Alex Chambers is an Australian mixed martial artist who currently fights in the Ultimate Fighting Championship and competes in the Strawweight division .
Kelley Hunt is an American blues pianist , singer , and songwriter .
Joannes Corvus ( fl . 1512 -- 1544 ) , or Johannes Corvus , was a Flemish portrait painter who was active in the 16th century .
`` Lion '' Takeshi Inoue ( born March 18 , 1980 ) is a Japanese mixed martial artist currently fighting as a lightweight in the Shooto organization .
Heather Nova ( born Heather Allison Frith , July 6 , 1967 ) is a Bermudian singer - songwriter and poet .
Emil Grosswald ( December 15 , 1912 -- April 11 , 1989 ) was a Romanian - American mathematician who worked primarily in number theory .
Guillaume Amyot ( December 9 , 1842 -- March 30 , 1896 ) was a Canadian politician , editor and lawyer .
Kurt Großkurth ( or Grosskurth ; May 11 , 1909 - May 29 , 1975 ) was a German actor and singer .
Nicholas Doumanis is an historian of Europe and the Mediterranean world .
Paul Hoggart is a British journalist and novelist .
John Andrew Hull ( born November 7 , 1986 ) , better known as Andy Hull , is an American singer , guitarist and songwriter for the indie rock band Manchester Orchestra .
Mikhail Pavlovich Lisitsa ( Михаил Павлович Лисица ; 1921 - -2012 ) was a Ukrainian physicist .
Prince Garsevan Chavchavadze ( Georgian : გარსევან ჭავჭავაძე ) ( July 20 , 1757 - April 7 , 1811 ) was a Georgian nobleman ( tavadi ) , politician and diplomat primarily known as the Georgian ambassador to Imperial Russia .
His namesake , Ralph Dodd(s ) ( 1792 - 1874 ) went on to become an engineer and mentor to locomotive engineers George Stephenson ( 1781 - 1848 ) and relative Isaac Dodds ( 1801 - 1882 ) , founder of Isaac Dodds and Son .
Buddy Hackett ( born Leonard Hacker ; August 31 , 1924 -- June 30 , 2003 ) was an American comedian and actor .
Nandamuri Kalyan Ram is an Indian actor and film producer who works in Telugu cinema .
Rickard Ericsson , is a Swedish entrepreneur , known as the founder of an early social networking website , LunarStorm .
Francesco Facchinetti , also known under the mononym Dj Francesco or as Oz , is an Italian DJ , producer , singer , musician and TV presenter .
Matthew DiSero ( born August 23 , 1974 in Brampton , Ontario ) is a Canadian comedian and magician who has appeared regularly on Comedy at Club 54 .
Evripidis Stylianidis ( Greek : Ευριπίδης Στυλιανίδης , also transliterated Evripidis Stilianides ) is a Greek politician who has served as Minister for the Interior , Minister for Education and Minister for Transport and Communications .
Viktor Nechaev ( born September 22 , 1972 in Moscow , Soviet Union ) is a Russian rugby league player currently playing for RC Lokomotiv Moscow in the Championship of Russia competition .
Lino Zanon is an Italian biathlete and ski mountaineer who competed in the 1960s and 1970s .
Laura Bernasconi was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , known to be active in 1674 .
Rabbi Yehoshua Hartman ( Hebrew : יהושע הרטמן‎ ) is an American rabbi , Talmudic scholar , and commentator on the teachings of the Maharal of Prague .
Rex Buren Beisel ( 1893 - -1972 ) was an American aeronautical engineer and pioneer in the science and industry of aviation .
Dovdoin Bayar ( Mongolian : Довдойн Баяр ) ( 1946 - -2010 ) was a Mongolian archaeologist , historian , a corresponding member of the German Archaeological Institute , and an amateur boxer .
Iván Arana ( Born in Mexico City , Mexico ) , is a Mexican television actor and film .
James Canton ( born April 29 , 1951 ) is a futurist , author , entrepreneur , CEO & Chairman of the Institute for Global Futures .
Gennady Kim ( Russian : Геннадий Ким ; born September 17 , 1946 ) , is a guitarist , composer , conductor , and music teacher in Kazakhstan .
Jen Stills is a singer and songwriter who was raised in Arizona and later moved to Los Angeles where she lives today .
Gary L. Lancaster ( August 14 , 1949 -- April 24 , 2013 ) was a United States federal judge , Assistant District Attorney , and lawyer .
Joe Parker is a South African stand - up comedian and promoter ( entertainment ) .
David J. Ley is a clinical psychologist and author , known for his critical stance regarding sex addiction .
Spenta R. Wadia is an Indian theoretical physicist working in string theory and quantum field theory .
David Allen Brooks ( born January 9 , 1947 ) is an American actor , who had a recurring role in the short - lived science fiction television series Crusade .
Peter Burwash ( b. Brockville , Ontario ) is Canadian former tennis player , current tennis coach , television commentator , motivational speaker , writer , and President of Peter Burwash International .
Harry Behn also produced a number of paintings , although he is not as well known as an artist as he is as a writer .
Hyun Woo ( Hangul : 현우 ; born Kim Hyun - woo on January 18 , 1985 ) is a South Korean actor .
Marcos E. Becerra ( April 25 , 1870 -- January 7 , 1940 ) was a prolific Mexican writer , poet , and politician .
Mohan Kundariya is an Indian politician who was a Member of Legislative assembly from Tankara constituency in Gujarat for its 12th legislative assembly
Frederick E. B. Harvey ( traditional Chinese : 夏福禮 , simplified Chinese : 夏福礼 ) , was a British diplomat who served as H.B.M.′s Consul in China during the mid - nineteenth century .
Harry Delmar was an American Broadway producer and later film director .
Ludwig Bruck was an Australian medical practitioner and medical journalist .
Thomas Schmidheiny ( born 1945 ) is a Swiss entrepreneur , former chairman of Holcim , the cement manufacturer .
Joseph Wershba ( August 19 , 1920 -- May 14 , 2011 ) was a professional journalist who joined the CBS News team in 1944 , where he served as a writer , editor and correspondent .
Kat Mon Dieu ( born January 3 , 1963 ) is a Marilyn Monroe tribute artist , neo - classical burlesque dancer , pin - up model , art school model , actress , producer and performance artist based in New York City .
Frances Adams Le Sueur née Ross ( August 6 , 1919 -- May 17 , 1995 ) was a botanist , ornithologist , and conservationist on the Channel Island of Jersey .
Onésime Gagnon , PC ( 1888 - -1961 ) was a Canadian politician who served as the 20th Lieutenant Governor of Québec .
Jeremy Moon was a British abstract painter born in Altrincham , Cheshire in 1934 .
Herbert Mornington Cannon ( 1873 - -1962 ) , commonly referred to as Morny Cannon , was a six - time Champion jockey in the United Kingdom in the 1890s .
Linda Richards ( July 27 , 1841 -- April 16 , 1930 ) was the first professionally trained American nurse .
Benjamin Geen is a former nurse convicted of murdering two patients and causing grievous bodily harm to 15 others while working at Horton General Hospital in Banbury , Oxfordshire .
Fred Panopio ( February 4 , 1939 -- April 22 , 2010 ) was a Filipino singer and actor who rose to fame in the 1970s .
Sudha Shivpuri has a daughter , Ritu who is also an Hindi film actor and has a son Vineet .
Prof . Kwame Arhin , also known as Nana Arhin Brempong , was a historian and politician in Ghana .
Alberto Cambrosio is a sociologist of biomedicine at McGill University .
Steven Soter is an astrophysicist currently holding the positions of scientist - in - residence for New York University 's Environmental Studies Program and of Research Associate for the Department of Astrophysics at the American Museum of Natural History .
Montgomery Blair ( May 10 , 1813 -- July 27 , 1883 ) , the son of Francis Preston Blair , elder brother of Francis Preston Blair , Jr. and cousin of B. Gratz Brown , was a politician and lawyer from Maryland .
Greg Bates ( born September 25 , 1987 ) is an American country music singer formerly signed to Republic Nashville .
Humphrey Pearson was an American screenwriter and playwright of the 1930s .
Gerard Monaco is a British actor who trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art . Monaco 's first film was Mike Leigh 's Vera Drake .
Jonathan Kellerman ( born August 9 , 1949 ) is an American psychologist , and Edgar and Anthony Award - winning author of numerous bestselling suspense novels .
Tony Sunshine ( born April 23 , 1977 as Antonio Cruz in the Bronx , New York ) is an American R&B singer , songwriter , musician , producer , voice actor , dancer , actor , entrepreneur and rapper of Puerto Rican descent , famous for singing on a large number of Terror Squad 's songs .
Robert Petkoff is an award - winning American stage actor known for his work in Shakespearean productions and more recently on the New York City musical theater stage .
Jeremiah Clemens ( December 28 , 1814 -- May 21 , 1865 ) was a U.S. senator and novelist from the state of Alabama .
Willard L. Miranker ( March 8 , 1932 -- April 28 , 2011 ) was an American mathematician and computer scientist , known for his contributions to applied mathematics and numerical mathematics .
Brian M. McLaughlin is a former American Democratic politician and labor leader from Flushing , Queens .
Kelly Anundson ( born August 29 , 1984 ) is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the light heavyweight division .
David Tzur ( Hebrew : דָּוִד צוּר ; born 15 July 1959 ) is an Israeli politician and former policeman .
Robb Montgomery is an international journalist based in Berlin Germany and is the author of the IREX Multimedia Education Center - a USAID - funded training facility in Tbilisi , Georgia built for mobile media production .
Takero Doi ( 土居 丈朗 Doi Takero , born August 17 , 1970 in Nara , Nara ) is a Japanese economist .
Sally Satel , is an American psychiatrist based in Washington , D.C. She is a lecturer at Yale University School of Medicine , the W.H. Brady Fellow at the American Enterprise Institute , and author .
Boogie Bill Webb ( March 24 , 1924 -- August 22 , 1990 ) was an American Louisiana blues and R&B guitarist , singer and songwriter .
As an author he was known as Robert Collis .
Ernest Sefton , born as Ernest Henry Tipton , in Hackney , London was a British film actor .
Herman Terrado ( born September 27 , 1989 ) is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator 's Welterweight division .
Rudolf Podgornik ( born August 27 , 1955 in Ljubljana , Slovenia ) is a physicist .
Stephen M. Saland ( born November 12 , 1943 ) is an American attorney and politician .
Otto Schimek ( May 5 , 1925 -- November 14 , 1944 ) was an Austrian soldier in the German Wehrmacht during World War II who served as a member of a firing squad .
Sangeen Wali Khan ( Urdu : سنگين ولی خان‎ ) ( June 7 , 1959 -- June 28 , 2008 ) was a politician in Pakistan .
Sean McGowan ( born Sean Paul Michael McGowan ; December 21 , 1980 ) , better known by his stage name Sean MC , is an American rapper , activist , and writer .
Asghar Massombagi is a film director who was born and raised in Tehran .
Fritz Hakl ( January 1 , 1932 -- February 28 , 2012 ) was an Austrian actor with the honorary title Kammerschauspieler .
Viktor Zuckerkandl ( July 2 , 1896 , Vienna - April 5 , 1965 , Locarno ) was a Jewish - Austrian musicologist .
John Kelso Ormond was an American urologist who rediscovered retroperitoneal fibrosis ( also known as Ormond 's disease in 1948 . )
Karan Thapar is an Indian journalist and a television commentator and interviewer .
Igor Lucić ( Serbian : Игор Луцић , Azerbaijani : Igor Luciç , born February 18 , 1991 in Belgrade ) is a Serbian rower .
Edwin Lawrence Godkin ( October 2 , 1831 -- May 21 , 1902 ) was an Irish - born American journalist and newspaper editor .
Anthony Crivello ( born August 2 , 1955 ) is an American actor and singer , mostly in musicals on Broadway .
Nathaniel Silsbee , Jr. ( December 28 , 1804 -- July 9 , 1881 ) was a Massachusetts businessman and politician who served as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives , and twice as the Mayor of Salem , Massachusetts , and was for many years the treasurer of Harvard .
Isaiah Shavitt was a Polish - born Israeli and American theoretical chemist .
May Sarton is the pen name of Eleanore Marie Sarton ( May 3 , 1912 -- July 16 , 1995 ) , an American poet , novelist and memoirist .
Robert William Boyle ( October 2 , 1883 -- April 18 , 1955 ) was a physicist and one of the most important early pioneers in the development of sonar .
Carlos Real de Azúa ( March 15 , 1916 - July 16 , 1977 ) was a Uruguayan lawyer , professor , sociologist and historian .
Joanna Dean ( born Joanna Dean Jacobs ) is a singer songwriter .
Arkansas Woodchopper , or Arkie ( b. Luther Ossenbrink , March 2 , 1906 - June 23 , 1981 ) was an American country musician .
Carl Paoli is an actor and stuntman .
Adrián Recinos ( 1886 - -1962 ) was a Guatemalan historian , essayist , Mayanist scholar and translator , and diplomat .
Gabriel Eigenmann ( born March 2 , 1978 ) , also known as Gabby Eigenmann , is a Filipino television and film actor , singer , host and model .
Lani Doherty ( born April 14 , 1993 ) is an American surfer .
Bruno Lauer ( born October 27 , 1965 ) is an American professional wrestling manager , referee , and occasional wrestler , better known by his ring names , Harvey Wippleman and Downtown Bruno .
Wannarot Sonthichai or nickname Vill ( Thai : วรรณรท สนธิไชย ; April 10 , 1989 -- ) , is a Thai film and television actor and pop singer from Exact .
Timarete ( or Thamyris , Tamaris ; 5th century BC ) , was an ancient Greek painter .
Sir Charles Edmonstone , 2nd Baronet ( 10 October 1764 -- 1 April 1821 ) , also 12th of Duntreath , was a Scottish politician .
Orin Starn is an anthropologist and writer at Duke University .
Celes Kobayashi ( セレス小林 , born Shoji Kobayashi , October 6 , 1974 ) is a former professional boxer from Ibaraki , Japan .
Trevell Gerald Coleman ( born November 19 , 1973 ) , better known by his stage name G. Dep ( which stands for `` Ghetto Dependent '' ) , is an American rapper from Harlem , New York City .
William de Bergeveney DD ( or Bergevenny ) was an English medieval judge and university chancellor .
Richard Popplewell Pullan was an architect and brother - in - law of William Burges .
Horace Maynard ( August 30 , 1814 -- May 3 , 1882 ) was an American educator , attorney , politician and diplomat active primarily in the second half of the 19th century .
Joe Perkins was a singer whose song , `` Little Eeefin ' Annie '' , was a minor hit in 1963 , reaching # 76 on the Billboard chart .
Ryan Weisenberg ( born January 21 , 1975 ) is an American professional basketball coach who is currently head coach of the Pepperdine Waves women 's basketball team .
George H. Peck ( October 15 , 1856 -- January 9 , 1940 ) was an American real estate broker , developer and millionaire .
Rufius Petronius Nicomachus Cethegus was a politician of Ostrogothic Italy and the Eastern Roman Empire .
Tyko Vylka ( Nenets name Тыко Вылка , Russian : Илья Константинович Вылка , 1886 - -1960 ) was the most famous Nenets painter and author , notable for his Arctic landscapes .
The Master of the Schotten Altarpiece was a German painter , active in Nuremberg during the 14th and 15th centuries .
John Bennett Perry ( born January 4 , 1941 ) is an American actor , singer , and former model .
Leo Sirota ( May 4 , 1885 - February 25 , 1965 ) was a Jewish pianist born in Kamianets - Podilskyi , Podolskaya Guberniya , Russian Empire , now Ukraine .
Janez Dorn was a 16th - century politician in Slovenia , when the country was under the Holy Roman Empire .
Ana Mendieta ( November 18 , 1948 -- September 8 , 1985 ) was a Cuban American performance artist , sculptor , painter and video artist who is best known for her `` earth - body '' artwork .
Lyle Workman is an American guitarist , composer , session musician and music producer .
Philip Shahbaz ( born July 1 , 1974 ) is an American actor who is known as the voice of Altaïr in the Ubisoft video game Assassin 's Creed .
Matija Gogala ( born December 11 , 1937 ) is a Slovene entomologist , working mainly in the fields of insect bioacoustics , physiology and taxonomy .
Lionel Royce ( March 30 , 1891 -- April 1 , 1946 ) , known also during his European career as Leo Reuss , was an Austrian - American actor of stage and screen .
Christen Thomsen Barfoed ( June 16 , 1815 -- April 30 , 1899 ) was a Danish chemist who devised a way to detect monosaccharide sugars in a solution , now known as the Barfoed 's test .
Paul Goodman ( /ˈɡʊdmən/ ; September 9 , 1911 -- August 2 , 1972 ) was an American novelist , playwright , poet and psychotherapist , although now best known as a social critic , anarchist philosopher , and public intellectual .
DJ Richie Rich ( born Richard Lawson in Jamaica ) , is a former record producer and turntablist who was best known as a member of the New York - based rap trio 3rd Bass .
Wilhelm Siegmund Frei ( September 5 , 1885 , Neustadt -- January 27 , 1943 ) was a German dermatologist best known for his contributions to Durand - Nicolas - Favre disease , a sexually transmitted disease found mainly in tropical and subtropical climates .
Robert Rigby began his career as a journalist , then spent several years in the music business as a songwriter and session musician .
Habern W. Freeman ( born August 10 , 1941 ) is a Democratic politician from the State of Maryland , having served Harford County in several different elected positions , including Harford County Executive and State Senator .
Vythilingam Palanisamy Ganesan(Known as V. P. Ganesan ) was a Sri Lankan trade unionist , politician , film producer and actor .
Rich Cohen ( born July 30 , 1968 ) is an American non - fiction writer .
Agustí Riera i Pau ( Sábalo , Guane , Cuba , July 2 , 1876 -- Les Encies , ( Les Planes d'Hostoles , Garrotxa , August 27 , 1936 ) was a conservative Catalan politician and physician .
Nathaniel Green Taylor ( December 29 , 1819 -- April 1 , 1887 ) was an American lawyer , farmer , and politician from Tennessee .
Kálmán Rózsahegyi ( October 6 , 1873 , Pest - August 27 , 1961 ) was a Jewish Hungarian actor and teacher .
Haji Irfan Solanki is an Indian politician from Uttar Pradesh , affiliated to the Samajwadi Party .
Alexander H. Wells ( d. December 21 , 1857 Sing Sing , Westchester County , New York ) was an American lawyer , editor and politician from New York .
Hermon di Giovanno ( born Hermolaus Ionides , Greek : Ερμόλαος Ιωνίδης ; c. 1900 ; died April 4 , 1968 ) was a Greek mystic painter .
Etienne Vermeersch ( born May 2 , 1934 in Sint - Michiels ( nowadays part of Bruges ) ) is a Belgian ( moral ) philosopher , skeptic , opinion maker and debater .
M. Sundardas is an Indian politician three times Member of Legislative assembly .
Losang Samten ( Tibetan : བློ་བཟང་བསམ་གཏན། , Wylie : blo - bzang bsam - gtan ) is an American Tibetan scholar , sand mandala artist , former Buddhist monk , and Spiritual Director of the Tibetan Buddhist Center of Philadelphia .
Dr. James Zetek ( 1886 - 1959 ) was an entomologist and authority on the natural history of Panama .
Lucius Siccius Dentatus ( 514 BC?-450 BC ? ) was a Roman soldier , primus pilus and tribune , living in the 5th century BC . The cognomen Dentatus means `` born with teeth '' .
Danijela Dimitrovska ( Serbian Cyrillic : Данијела Димитровска ; Serbian pronunciation : ( danijɛ̌ːla dimitrɔ̌ʋskaː ) ; born 29 October 1987 ) is a Serbian model .
Sharon Lockhart ( born 1964 ) is an American artist whose work considers social subjects primarily through motion film and still photography .
Chad Henry ( born October 9 , 1946 ) is an American composer , actor , lyricist , playwright , and author .
Danny Peyronel ( born Daniel - Augusto Peyronel , 15 November 1953 , Buenos Aires ) is an English singer , songwriter , keyboard player , producer and author of Italian , Southern French and Normand origin , best known for his work in rock groups such as the Heavy Metal Kids and UFO .
Richard Mawarden ( died c.1418 ) , of Marden , Herefordshire , Sodbury , Gloucestershire and Stratford - sub - Castle , Wiltshire , was an English politician .
Anas Hamadeh ( Arabic : أنس حمادة‎ ; born March 12 , 1989 ) is a Jordanian swimmer , who specialized in sprint freestyle events .
Dr. Danish ( Urdu : ڈاکٹر دانش‎ ) is a Pakistani journalist and news television host .
Miroslav Žbirka ( born October 21 , 1952 ) is a Slovak pop music singer and songwriter .
Clarissa Pinkola Estés ( born January 27 , 1945 ) is an American poet , Jungian pscyhoanalyst , post - trauma recovery specialist , author and spoken word artist .
Israel Hershberg ( Hebrew : ישראל הרשברג‎ ; born November 7 , 1948 ) is a figurative painter who lives and works in Jerusalem , Israel .
Daniel Schenkel ( also known as : Georg Daniel Schenkel and Georg Daniel Schenkel von Waldkirch ) ( December 21 , 1813 -- May 18 , 1885 ) was a Swiss Protestant theologian .
Donald Erb ( January 17 , 1927 -- August 12 , 2008 ) was an American composer best known for large orchestral works such as Concerto for Brass and Orchestra and Ritual Observances .
Dorothy Walcott Weeks ( May 3 , 1893 -- June 4 , 1990 ) was an American mathematician and physicist .
Ray Birdwhistell ( 1918 -- October 19 , 1994 ) was an American anthropologist who founded kinesics as a field of inquiry and research .
Barry Strange was an Australian rules footballer who played for New Town , later Glenorchy , in the Tasmanian Australian National Football League ( TANFL ) .
Claudius Ptolemy ( /ˈtɒləmi/ ; Greek : Κλαύδιος Πτολεμαῖος , Klaúdios Ptolemaîos , ( kláwdios ptolɛmɛ́ːos ) ; Latin : Claudius Ptolemaeus ; c. AD 100 -- c. 170 ) was a Greco - Egyptian writer , known as a mathematician , astronomer , geographer , astrologer , and poet of a single epigram in the Greek Anthology .
Itatí Cantoral ( born Itatí Guadalupe Cantoral Zucchi ; May 13 , 1975 ) is a Mexican actress , singer , and dancer .
Prior to his career with Ernst & Young , Akos Gurzo worked as a journalist for almost a decade at national and international media outlets .
Gloria Whelan ( born November 23 , 1923 ) is an American poet , short story writer , and novelist known primarily for children 's and young - adult fiction .
Merle Greene Robertson ( August 30 , 1913 -- April 22 , 2011 ) was an American artist , art historian , archaeologist , lecturer and Mayanist researcher , renowned for her extensive work towards the investigation and preservation of the art , iconography , and writing of the pre - Columbian Maya civilization of Central America .
Kwayzar ( alias of Stanley Hoffman ) is a rapper from Southern California .
Naziha Réjiba ( Tunisian Arabic : نزيهة رجيبة‎ ) also known as Om Ziad ( أم زياد ) is a Tunisian journalist .
Paul Werner Gast ( September 11 , 1930 - -May 16 , 1973 ) was an American geochemist and geologist .
Tammy Hansen Grady ( also known as Tammy Hanson or Tammy Grady ) is an American- born recording artist , actress , photographer and former glamour model .
Lucas Dolega ( 1978 - -2011 ) , born Loucas von Zabiensky - Mebrouk and also called Lucas Mebrouk Dolega , was a French / German photojournalist .
Clifford Hugh Dowker ( /ˈdaʊkər/ ; 1912 - -1982 ) was a topologist known for his work in point - set topology and also for his contributions in category theory , sheaf theory and knot theory .
Sondra Lipton is a former fashion model from New York City , who found a second career as a painter .
Jack McCauley is an American engineer , inventor and video game developer .
Richard Berry Harrison ( September 28 , 1864 - March 14 , 1935 ) was a renowned actor , teacher , dramatic reader and lecturer .
Ali Tamposi is a songwriter from West Palm Beach , Florida , best known for co - writing Kelly Clarkson 's song , `` Stronger ( What Does n't Kill You ) '' .
Bryan James Sledge , better known by his stage name BJ the Chicago Kid ( or simply BJ ) , is an American singer - songwriter from Chicago , Illinois .
Cecil Humphreys ( 1883 - -1947 ) was a British film and theatre actor who played in 46 films between 1916 and 1948 , mostly in supporting roles as doctors , aristcrats and generals .
Thornton Freeland ( February 10 , 1898 -- May 22 , 1987 ) was an American film director who directed 26 British and American films in a career that lasted from 1924 to 1949 .
Rebecca Valadez is a Latina singer , actress , and former member of the Tejano group , Mazz .
Felice DeMatteo ( April 17 , 1866 - December 13 , 1929 ) was an Italian - American composer , arranger , and bandmaster best known for his marches , waltzes , and polkas .
David Dubery ( Durban , 1948 ) is a South - African born British composer , pianist , vocal coach and academic .
Leagh Conwell ( born 8 February 1990 ) is a British actor , known for his roles in A Knight 's Tale ( 2001 ) as Young William Thatcher and Wondrous Oblivion ( 2003 ) , as Jessop .
Trevor Guthrie ( born February 11 , 1973 ) is a Canadian singer and the former lead singer of the now defunct pop group soulDecision and is now a solo artist .
Helen Corbitt ( 1906 - -1978 ) was an American chef and cookbook author .
John Corey Whaley ( born January 19 , 1984 ) is an American writer of contemporary realistic novels for young adults .
George J. O'Shea , Jr. is an American politician who represented the 12th Essex District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1957 to 1963 .
Klaus Derendorf , also known as `` Klaus D , '' is a Los Angeles -- based record producer and songwriter with millions of worldwide record sales to his credit including several Number 1 records on the Billboard charts and around the world .
William Batecumbe or Badecumbe ( fl . 1348 ) was an English mathematician and astrologer .
Antanas Valionis ( born September 21 , 1950 ) is a Lithuanian politician , currently a member of the New Union party .
Isaac McCoy ( June 13 , 1784 -- June 21 , 1846 ) was a Baptist missionary among the Native Americans in present - day Indiana , Michigan and Missouri .
Fermin was ordained a priest in Toulouse , according to the local legend , and returned to Pamplona as its first bishop .
In a letter dated 1 October 1922 , Filippo Tommaso Marinetti wrote to inform the composer , theorist and writer Franco Casavola that : `` I 've listened to Tankas , Quatrain , Gioielleria Notturna , Leila and Muoio di sete on the piano .
Anita Goel ( Hindi : अनीता गोयल ) is a physicist and physician in the United States .
Christodoulos Christodoulides ( born August 22 , 1976 ) is a Cypriot judoka who won the silver medal at the 2002 Commonwealth Games .
Desmond Williams is an American electronica musician , as well as a record producer and was the chief sound engineer for the Eighteenth Street Lounge Music record label .
Dr. John R. Clifford is an American veterinarian .
Charles Derbyshire was an American translator active around the turn of the twentieth century .
Arthur N. Dare ( May 25 , 1850 in Onondaga County , New York -- September 4 , 1923 ) was a Minnesota Republican politician and Speaker of the Minnesota House of Representatives .
Zohar Argov ( Hebrew : זוהר ארגוב , born Zohar Orkabi on July 16 , 1955 -- died November 6 , 1987 ) was a popular Israeli singer and a distinctive voice in the Mizrahi music scene .
Mukku Kasi Reddy is an Indian politician from Kanigiri constituency of Andhra Pradesh .
Dr. Mohammad Amin Fatemi ( born 1952 in Nangarhar Province ) is a noted Afghan physician and politician .
John Mazza ( born February 23 , 1964 ) is a left - handed ten - pin bowler and former touring player for the Professional Bowlers Association ( PBA ) .
Gerald Petievich is an American crime writer .
Joy Harjo ( born May 9 , 1951 ) is a Mvskoke poet , musician , and author .
Wayne Jobson ( born December 4 , 1954 ) , also known as Native Wayne , is a Jamaican record producer of European ancestry .
Charlie Mars is a vocalist , guitarist and singer - songwriter from Mississippi .
Sarah Pedinotti is an American songwriter and musician originally from Saratoga Springs , NY .
Marc Swadel is a New Zealand film director , cinematographer , writer and producer .
Graham Crabb ( born Graham Charles Crabb , 10 October 1964 , Streetly , Warwickshire , England ) , also known as Crabbi , is a musician , best known for performing in the industrial / dance rock band , Pop Will Eat Itself ( PWEI ) .
Odd Arvid Strømstad ( born 27 July 1952 ) is a Norwegian television director and producer , and managing director of Dinamo Story .
John Kent ( died 1413 ) was a politician from Reading in the English county of Berkshire .
Charles Boner ( 1815 - -1870 ) was an English travel writer , poet and translator .
Brian Ralston ( born April 12 , 1974 ) is a composer and musician living in Los Angeles , CA .
Anthony Pollina ( born February 17 , 1952 ) is an American politician who is a Progressive State Senator in Vermont .
Vance Gilbert ( born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) is an American folk singer / songwriter .
The Mayor of London is an elected politician who , along with the London Assembly of 25 members , is accountable for the strategic government of Greater London .
Paul Barclay is an Australian writer , journalist , radio presenter and producer .
Julius Erasmus Hilgard ( January 7 , 1825 -- May 9 , 1890 ) was a German - American engineer .
Nayah , whose real name is Sylvie Mestre , is a French singer .
Kurt Zeitzler ( June 9 , 1895 -- September 25 , 1963 ) was a top German general during World War II . He was almost exclusively a staff officer , not a commander , serving as chief of staff in a corps , army , and army group .
Patrick Ecclesine is an American commercial and fine art photographer .
Francis Gano Benedict ( October 3 , 1870 -- April 14 , 1957 ) was an American chemist , physiologist , and nutritionist who developed a calorimeter and a spirometer used to determine oxygen consumption and measure metabolic rate .
Leonard Issacson was a chemist and composer .
Frederick Hammersley ( January 5 , 1919 -- May 31 , 2009 ) was a critically acclaimed American abstract painter whose participation in the landmark 1959 Four Abstract Classicists exhibit secured his place in art history .
Lillian Covillo ( 1921 -- November 22 , 2010 ) was an American ballet dancer , and with Freidann Parker was co - founder of the professional dance company , Colorado Ballet .
Don Cusic ( born November 13 , 1948 in Leonardtown , Maryland ) is an American biographer , writer on music , historian of United States American popular music , songwriter , and record producer .
Daniel Gotthilf Moldenhawer ( December 11 , 1753 -- November 21 , 1823 ) , was a German - Danish philologist , theologian , librarian , bibliophile , palaeographer , diplomat , and Bible translator .
Horace Davenport ( April 29 , 1850 - January 23 , 1925 ) was an English swimmer , known for endurance swims .
Ernest Bour ( April 20 , 1913 - June 20 , 2001 ) was a noted conductor .
Riki Gal ( Hebrew : ריקי גל‎ , born July 7 , 1950 in Jerusalem ) is an Israeli singer .
Raegan Butcher ( born January 15 , 1969 ) is an American poet and singer .
Edward Alexander Preble ( born in Somerville , Massachusetts on June 11 , 1871 ; died October 4 , 1957 ) was an American naturalist and conservationist .
Emerich Ullmann ( February 23 , 1861 -- 1937 ) was an Austrian surgeon who was a native of Pécs .
Janice Rogers Brown ( born May 11 , 1949 ) is a federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit .
Wang Chung - yi ( Chinese : 王崇儀 ; pinyin : Wáng Chóngyí ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Edward Rowland Sill ( April 29 , 1841 -- February 27 , 1887 ) was an American poet and educator .
Samuel Jared Taylor ( born September 15 , 1951 ) is an American white nationalist and a journalist who advocates of what he describes as racial realism .
Alan Sepinwall is an American television reviewer and writer .
William Henry Withrow ( August 6 , 1839 -- November 12 , 1908 ) was a Canadian Methodist minister , journalist , and author .
Simon Cruz , is a Swedish rock singer most famous for being the lead singer for the Swedish sleaze rock band Crashdïet .
Nicholas Dante ( November 22 , 1941 -- May 21 , 1991 ) was an American dancer and writer , best known for having co - written the book of the musical A Chorus Line .
Luis Camnitzer ( born 1937 ) is a German - born Uruguayan artist and academic who resides in the United States .
Théodore Moret , also known as Moretus ( Antwerp 1602 -- Breslau 1667 ) was a Belgian mathematician and Jesuit .
Doreen Taylor ( born January 30 ) is an American Adult contemporary , pop singer , songwriter , model and actress .
Ira Schneider ( born in New York , NY in 1939 ) is an American video artist .
George Pozer is the anglicised name of Johann Georg Pfotzer ( November 21 , 1752 -- June 16 , 1848 ) who was a merchant , landowner and the fourth Seigneur of Aubert - Gallion .
Christian Mortensen was born the son of a tailor in the village of Skårup , near the city of Skanderborg , Denmark , on August 16 , 1882 .
Ljubomir Klerić ( June 29 , 1844 -- January 21 , 1910 ) was a Serbian mining engineer , mathematician , inventor , professor of mechanics , academician and Minister of Education and the economy of Serbia .
Christian Farla is a Dutch illusionist / magician whose homebase is in Rhoon , near Rotterdam .
Thomas Scott Baldwin ( June 30 , 1854 -- May 17 , 1923 ) was a pioneer balloonist and U.S. Army major during World War I. He was the first American to descend from a balloon by parachute .
Julie Van Dusen is a Canadian journalist who works for CBC News and is seen mainly during The National .
Edmund Jolliffe is a British composer of contemporary classical and commercial music .
William Smith Culbertson was an American diplomat and soldier .
Nicholas Honerkamp is an American archaeologist whose principal fields of interest are historical archaeology , plantation archaeology , industrial archaeology and archaeological method and theory .
Sir Thomas George Roddick ( July 31 , 1846 -- February 20 , 1923 ) was a Canadian surgeon , medical administrator , and politician born in Harbor Grace , Newfoundland
Kenneth R. Giddens ( September 10 , 1908 -- May 7 , 1993 ) was an architect and movie theater owner , but most notably the broadcaster who put two radio stations and one television station based in Mobile , Alabama on the air , all at one point in time bearing the call sign `` WKRG '' .
Chip Zdarsky is the pseudonym of Canadian comic book artist , journalist , illustrator and designer Steve Murray ( born December 21 , 1975 ) .
Chia - Hui Lu ( Chinese : 盧佳慧 ) is a Taiwanese classical pianist .
Otis Leavill ( February 8 , 1937 -- July 17 , 2002 ) was an American R&B singer , songwriter and record company executive .
Sarah Dreher ( born March 26 , 1937 , Hanover , Pennsylvania -- died April 2 , 2012 , Amherst , Massachusetts ) was an American lesbian novelist and playwright , and best known for her award - winning lesbian mystery series featuring amateur sleuth Stoner McTavish .
Ray Weston is a Scottish drummer , most noted for his work with Wishbone Ash .
Vicente Cañas , S.J. ( October 22 , 1939 in Alborea , Albacete -- April 6 , 1987 in Mato Grosso ) was a Spanish Christian missionary and Jesuit brother , who is credited with making the first peaceful contact with the Enawene Nawe Indian tribe in 1974 .
Steve Jarratt is a long - time videogames journalist and magazine editor .
Luca Marenzio ( also Marentio ; October 18 , 1553 or 1554 -- August 22 , 1599 ) was an Italian composer and singer of the late Renaissance .
Vincenzo Coronelli ( August 16 , 1650 -- December 9 , 1718 ) was a Franciscan friar , cosmographer , cartographer , publisher , and encyclopedist known in particular for his atlases and globes .
Evgeni Babsky ( Russian : Бабский , Евгений Борисович ; 1902 - -1973 ) was a Soviet physiologist , D.Sc . , Member of the Ukrainian Academy of Sciences .
Demetrio Aguilera Malta ( Guayaquil , May 24 , 1909 -- México D.F. , December 28 , 1981 ) was an Ecuadorian writer , director , painter , and diplomat .
Jean De Mesmaeker ( born 21 December 1935 ) known by the pseudonym Jidéhem , is a Belgian comics artist in the Marcinelle school tradition .
Brett Leonard ( born May 14 , 1959 ) is an American film director , producer and music video director specializing in the science fiction and horror genres .
Rufus Thibodeaux ( January 5 , 1934 , Ridge , Louisiana -- August 12 , 2005 , Nashville , Tennessee ) was an American Cajun music fiddler .
Parmy Olson is a journalist for Forbes magazine known for her work on the hacktivist movement Anonymous .
Anna Izzo is an Italian painter , sculptor and designer which work has been exhibited internationally in New York , Amsterdam , London , Moscow , Lugano , Rome , Milan , Naples , Capri and Bari .
Richard Quinney ( born 1934 ) is an American sociologist , writer , and photographer known for his philosophical and critical approach to crime and social justice .
Ray Amoo is a Nigerian professional fly / super fly / bantamweight boxer of the 1970s and ' 80s who won the Commonwealth flyweight title , and was a challenger for the West African Boxing Union flyweight title against Nana Yaw Konadu .
Thomas Waltham ( fl . 1379 - 1388 ) , of Kingston upon Hull , Yorkshire , was an English politician .
Matthias Endres ( born July 6 , 1852 in Buffalo , New York ) was an American lawyer and politician from New York .
Mano Khalil is a Kurdish - Syrian film director .
Dennis Haugh was an Irish light heavyweight boxer who was British champion between 1913 and 1914 , the first holder of the title at this weight .
Dismas Becker ( September 16 , 1936 -- September 19 , 2010 ) was an American Democratic politician , civil rights activist and former Discalced Carmelite friar and Catholic priest from Wisconsin .
Jean - Michel Defaye ( born 1932 ) is a French pianist , composer , arranger and conductor known for his collaboration with French poet and singer - songwriter Léo Ferré .
Saleh Kezabo was a Chadian politician who in the late 1990s was a Minister in charge of oil and mining .
Hulleah Tsinhnahjinnie ( born 1954 ) is a Seminole - Muscogee - Navajo photographer , curator , and educator living in Davis , California .
Snehal Dabi is an Indian actor who became known for playing the role of `` Chander Krishnakant Khote , '' a fun - loving gangster - wannabe in Satya ( 1998 ) .
Eric Harding ( born December 20 , 1972 ) is an American former professional boxer who fought at light heavyweight .
Anna Seaton Huntington ( born February 12 , 1964 in Topeka , Kansas ) is an American rower and author .
Ilona Novák ( born May 16 , 1925 ) is a former Hungarian swimmer and Olympic champion .
Kelly Louise Going ( born August 21 , 1973 ) is an American writer under the name KL Going , most widely known for her young - adult novel Fat Kid Rules the World , a Michael L. Printz Award Honor Book in 2004 .
Isaac Jackman ( fl . 1795 ) was an Irish journalist and dramatist .
Jack Curtis Dubowsky is an American composer who has scored independent feature films and composed music for television , advertising , and concert performance .
Hassan Mohamed Hussein `` Muungaab '' Arabic : حسن محمد حسين مونجاب‎ ) is a Somali politician .
David Woobay ( born in Moyamba , Moyamba District ) is a Sierra Leonean politician from the opposition Sierra Leone People 's Party ( SLPP ) , who is currently serving as mayor and Council Chairman Moymaba Town .
Rudolph J. Wojta ( * August 10 , 1944 ) is an Austrian journalist and co - founder of the festival Shakespeare in Styria .
Sunil Chandra Tirkey is an Indian politician and was the Minister of State for Consumer Affairs in the Government of West Bengal .
Nancy Galbraith ( Born 1951 in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania ) is an American postmodern / postminimalist composer .
Mark Alexander Knox ( born April 15 , 1970 ) , better known as Flex Alexander or Flex , is an American actor , comedian and dancer .
Neil Callan is an Irish horse racing jockey .
Moses Clark White ( simplified Chinese : 怀德 ; traditional Chinese : 懷德 ; Pinyin : Huáidé ; Foochow Romanized : Huài - dáik ; July 24 , 1819 - October 24 , 1900 ) was both an American Methodist pioneer missionary in China and a physician .
Rodney Griffin is a Southern Gospel singer and songwriter currently performing with Greater Vision .
Henry Lau ( born October 11 , 1989 ) , simply known by his stage name Henry , is a Canadian singer - songwriter , rapper , dancer , record producer , beatboxer and actor mostly active in South Korea .
Max Maximilian was a German singer and film actor of the silent era .
Lewis Elliott Chaze ( November 15 , 1915 -- November 11 , 1990 ) was an American war veteran , journalist , and novelist .
Muhammad Abdallah Muthanna ( born 1945 or 1947 ) is a Yemeni novelist , playwright and short story writer .
Fatima Robinson is a music video director and choreographer .
Brent Franklin ( born December 16 , 1965 ) is a former Canadian professional golfer .
Nearly a year later , Spock remains as Kirk 's chief science officer and executive officer as the Enterprise departs on its first five - year mission of deep - space exploration .
Alexandra Skoglund ( 1862 - 1938 ) was a Swedish suffragette , women 's rights activist and politician .
Manuel Antônio de Almeida ( November 17 , 1831 -- November 28 , 1861 ) was a Brazilian satirical writer , medician and teacher .
Ellen Lipton Hollander ( born May 24 , 1949 ) is a United States district judge on the United States District Court for the District of Maryland .
Bill Bowers ( born April 16 , 1959 ) is an American mime artist and actor based in New York City .
Cyrus Derman ( July 16 , 1925 -- April 27 , 2011 ) was an American mathematician and amateur musician who did research in Markov decision process , stochastic processes , operations research , statistics and a variety of other fields .
Ricardo Antonio Chavira ( born September 1 , 1971 ) is an American actor , known for his role as Carlos Solis in the ABC comedy - drama series , Desperate Housewives ( 2004 - -12 ) .
Alfred Codd ( March 19 , 1843 -- after 1896 ) was a Canadian pioneer medical doctor and politician .
Giovanni Carlo Galli - Bibiena ( August 11 , 1717 - November 20 , 1760 ) , was an Italian architect and designer .
Santiago Ziesmer ( born July 25 , 1953 ) is a Spanish - born German actor and voice actor .
Talib Haider ( Urdu : حیدر طالب‎ ) is a television journalist and a news presenter .
Nicole Bartelme ( born April 17 , 1967 ) is an American artist and the initial founder of The TriBeCa Film Festival in Manhattan , New York City .
Dan Johnstone ( born July 31 , 1987 in Edmonton , Alberta ) , also known as `` Can Man Dan '' , is a Canadian anti - poverty activist , philanthropist , community organizer and politician .
While Deccan Herald wrote that Subiksha was `` convincing in her understated role '' , The Times of India stated that she `` could have done a better job '' , and Sify wrote , `` though she does n't mesmerize the audience , her potential as an actor is visible '' .
Liam Durcan is a neurologist at the Montreal Neurological Hospital and an Assistant Professor at McGill University .
George T. Boult ( dates of birth and death unknown , probably from Maidenhead in Berkshire ) was a noted English cricketer of the late 18th century who was a member of the Hambledon Club .
Erin Molan ( born 24 August 1984 ) is an Australian radio and television presenter and sport commentator .
Beatrice Arthur ( born Bernice Frankel , May 13 , 1922 -- April 25 , 2009 ) , also known as Bea Arthur , was an American actress , comedian , and singer .
Shabba Doo ( born Adolfo Gordon Quiñones ; May 11 , 1955 ) is an actor , dancer , and choreographer of African - American and Puerto Rican / American descent .
Peter Joyce ( born June 23 , 1964 ) is a contemporary English painter , whose works focus on the depiction of natural landscapes .
María Teresa Carreño García de Sena ( December 22 , 1853 -- June 12 , 1917 ) was a Venezuelan pianist , singer , composer , and conductor .
Eknath Easwaran ( December 17 , 1910 -- October 26 , 1999 ) was a spiritual teacher , an author of books on meditation and ways to lead a fulfilling life , as well as a translator and interpreter of Indian literature .
Ivan Senay is a Ukrainian amateur boxer who won the gold medal at the 2008 European Amateur Boxing Championships in the middleweight division .
Morgan Oey ( born Handi Morgan Winata in Singkawang , West Borneo on May 25 , 1990 ) , is an Indonesian singer , actor and model .
Caroline Lavelle is a British singer - songwriter and cellist who has created three solo albums and contributed vocals , music , and production help to many other artists and bands .
Robert Curtis Smith ( February 17 , 1930 -- November 10 , 2010 ) was an African American Piedmont blues singer , guitarist and songwriter .
Dwij Yadav is an Indian film child actor .
Bess Myerson ( July 16 , 1924 -- December 14 , 2014 ) was an American politician , model and television actress who was crowned Miss America in 1945 .
Israel López Valdés ( September 14 , 1918 -- March 22 , 2008 ) , better known as Cachao ( /kəˈtʃaʊ/ kə - CHOW ) , was a Cuban double bassist and composer .
Nurit Wilde is an Israeli - born photographer and socialite .
Jerome Packard is an American linguist specializing in Chinese linguistics and psycholinguistics .
Rhoda Holmes Nicholls ( March 28 , 1854 -- September 7 , 1930 ) was an English American watercolor and oil painter , born in Coventry , England .
Pietro Delitala was the first Sardinian poet to write in Italian .
Nurit Yarden ( Hebrew : נורית ירדן ) is an Israeli Art photographer , who lives and works in Tel Aviv .
Anka Grupińska ( born 1956 ) is a Polish dissident , journalist and writer .
Bahnus ( Korean : 바누스 ) whose real name is Lee Jae - young ( Korean : 이재영 ) is a South Korean composer and producer .
Shaune Bagwell ( née Shaune Stauffer ) is an American born fashion model , beauty queen and actress .
Raelle Tucker is an American television writer , who is a producer on the HBO vampire series True Blood and is developing a remake of the British series Bad Girls with Nancy Oliver .
Fred Knoblock ( born J. Fred Knobloch ; April 28 , 1953 , in Jackson , Mississippi ) is an American country singer - songwriter .
Stan Cockerton ( born May 19 , 1955 ) was an All - American lacrosse player for the NC State Wolfpack men 's lacrosse team from 1977 to 1980 , leading the Wolfpack to its only NCAA Men 's Lacrosse Championship tournament appearance in 1979 .
Marion Milner ( 1900 - -1998 ) , sometimes known as Marion Blackett - Milner , was a British author and psychoanalyst .
Angela McLean ( born August 19 , 1970 ) is an American politician and educator from the state of Montana .
Werner Drewes ( 1899 - -1985 ) was a painter , printmaker , and art teacher .
Mailon Rivera is a New York City native and actor .
Ata Turab ( Urdu : عطا تراب‎ ) is a Pakistani poet .
Chung King - fai , SBS , is a Hong Kong actor and pioneer of contemporary performing art . He is also a director , TV producer , programme host and performing arts educator .
Sathyan Anthikad is an Indian film director , screenwriter , and lyricist best known for his family based Malayalam films .
Sulfina Barbu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( sulˈfina ˈbarbu ) ) is a Romanian politician and member of the Chamber of Deputies .
Stefano Venturi del Nibbio ( fl . 1592 - -1600 ) was an Italian composer of the late Renaissance , active in Venice and Florence .
Emil Christian Hansen ( May 8 , 1842 -- August 27 , 1909 ) was a Danish mycologist and fermentation physiologist .
Glenway Wescott ( April 11 , 1901 -- February 22 , 1987 ) was an American poet , novelist and essayist .
Roy W. Brown is a British - born engineer , humanist and human rights activist .
José Argüelles married twice and was the father of two children , Josh and Tara , by his first wife , writer and artist Miriam Tarcov .
Henry Denman Thompson ( October 15 , 1833 -- April 14 , 1911 ) was an American playwright and theatre actor .
Junior Watson ( born Michael Watson ) is an American jump blues guitarist and singer .
Afif Bahnassi is a Syrian Islamic art historian and museum curator , General Director of Antiquities and Museums in Damascus , Syria .
Elliott Woods ( February 2 , 1865 -- May 22 , 1923 ) was an American architect who served as Architect of the Capitol from 1902 to 1923 .
John Cafiero is an American punk rock musician , film director and film producer .
Clayton Hare ( July 13 , 1909 -- December 11 , 2001 ) was a Canadian teacher , conductor , and violinist .
Allen Kelsey Grammer ( born February 21 , 1955 ) is an American actor , voice actor , comedian , producer , director , writer , singer and activist .
Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Rittikh or Alexander Rittich ( Russian : Александр Александрович Риттих ) ( September 27 , 1868 -- June 15 , 1930 , London ) was a politician of the Russian Empire , the last imperial Minister of Agriculture ( 1917 ) .
Grady Hall is an American director and screenwriter .
Luis Abadiano y Valdés was a 19th - century printer and publisher in Mexico City , one in a long line of printers , publishers , booksellers and book collectors traceable back to the famous Humanist and bibliographer Juan José de Eguiara y Eguren , founder of the printing house Biblioteca Mexicana ( Mexican Library ) in 1753 .
Geremino Bisceglia ( January 17 , 1910 in Harrison , New York - March 14 , 1987 in Newburgh , New York ) , better known as Tex Fletcher , was a singing cowboy with credits as a recording artist , Broadway and movie actor , night club performer , and radio and television personality .
Karen Akers ( born October 13 , 1945 ) is an American actress and singer , who has appeared on Broadway , and in cabaret and film .
Alan Pilkington ( born ca . 1964 ) is a British engineer , and Professor at the Copenhagen Business School , known for his on the Technology management , Operations management , Manufacturing strategy and Enterprise engineering .
Iban Mayoz Exteberria ( born September 30 , 1981 in San Sebastián , Basque Country ) is a Spanish professional road bicycle racer , currently not under contract to any team .
Aylett Hawes ( April 21 , 1768 -- August 31 , 1833 ) was a nineteenth - century politician and planter from Virginia .
Bernardo Martorana ( Palermo , April 25 , 1846 - after 1891 ) was an Italian painter , active in Sicily painting historical and landscape subjects .
Titus Quinctius Flamininus ( /ˌflæmɪˈnaɪnəs/ FLAM - i - NY - nəs ; c. 229 BC -- c. 174 BC ) was a Roman politician and general instrumental in the Roman conquest of Greece .
Born in Kalamazoo , Michigan , he is a former elementary school teacher and the founding member , and front man , of punk bands The Meatmen , Tesco Vee 's Hate Police , Blight , and Dutch Hercules .
Nicolau Coelho ( c.1460 , Felgueiras - 1502 , off the coast of Mozambique ) was an expert Portuguese navigator and explorer during the age of discovery .
Chilton Price ( December 25 , 1913 -- January 14 , 2010 ) was a songwriter , primarily known for country music songs , which became pop music hits .
Leonardo Mansueti was an Italian Dominican and librarian .
Cristina Kotz Cornejo is an Argentine - American director and screenwriter who divides her time between Boston , MA , Mexico City and Buenos Aires Argentina .
Louis - Léon Lesieur Désaulniers ( February 20 , 1823 -- October 31 , 1896 ) was a Quebec physician and political figure .
Hữu Loan ( January 14 , 1916 -- March 18 , 2010 ) was a Vietnamese poet , best known for an autobiographical epic of love and the cruelty of war .
Larry Kaplan is an American video game designer and programmer best known for the 1981 Atari 2600 game , Kaboom!.
Sally Pressman ( born August 1 , 1981 ) is an American actress and dancer , best known for her role as Roxy LeBlanc on the Lifetime Television drama series Army Wives .
Aper ( full name Lucius Flavius Aper , date of birth unknown ) was a Roman soldier and public servant in the second half of the Third Century AD who rose to the highest office in the Imperial Service only to fall in the most spectacular fashion .
Poongothai Aladi Aruna is an Indian politician and former Information and Technology minister of Tamil Nadu under DMK ruling in 2006 - 2011 .
Erik Paulsen ( born May 14 , 1965 ) is an American politician serving in the United States House of Representatives for Minnesota 's 3rd congressional district since 2009 .
Fuat Mansurov ( Tatar : Фуат Шакир улы Мансуров , Russian : Мансуров , Фуат Шакирович ) ( January 10 , 1928 -- June 12 , 2010 ) was a Soviet and Russian conductor .
Nadav Kander ( born December 1 , 1961 ) is a London - based photographer , artist and director , known for his portraiture and landscapes .
Other admirers included such luminaries as architect Jean Nouvel , admittedly not a sports enthusiast , television personality Maïtena Biraben , who calls him `` her idol , '' and actor Hugh Jackman , who said of him , `` I was pretty obsessed with rugby player Jean - Pierre Rives .
Willard Dickerman Straight ( January 31 , 1880 -- December 1 , 1918 ) was an American investment banker , publisher , reporter , Army Reserve officer , diplomat and by marriage , a member of the Whitney family .
Fan Liang - shiow ( Chinese : 范良銹 ; pinyin : Fàn Liángxiù ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Keef Trouble ( born Keith Trussell , 1949 , Greenwich , London ) is an English composer , singer and musician .
Vladimir Sidorkin ( born May 9 , 1986 ) is an Estonian swimmer , who specialized in both long and short course freestyle events .
Anton Pein ( born May 9 , 1967 in Klagenfurt ) is an Austrian darts player , regarded as one of the country 's best players .
Gayla Peevey Henderson ( born March 8 , 1943 ) is a former singer and child star from Ponca City , Oklahoma .
Artūras Barysas `` Baras '' ( May 10 , 1954 -- January 28 , 2005 ) was a Lithuanian `` counter - culture '' actor , singer , photographer , and filmmaker , known as the father of modern Lithuanian avant - garde .
Orla Mølgaard - Nielsen ( 1907 - -1993 ) was a Danish architect and furniture designer .
Jasmine Dellal is a British - born film director and producer .
Stanley Vollant ( born April 2 , 1965 ) is an Innu surgeon from the aboriginal community of Pessamit , which is located by the course of the St - Lawrence River , in the Côte - Nord region of Quebec .
Stephen Baird is a singer - songwriter , and member of The Galapagos Mountain Boys .
Harold Clayton MacHackady ( February 10 , 1922 -- October 12 , 2015 ) , best known as Hal Hackady , and sometimes credited as Hal Hackaday , was an American lyricist , librettist and screenwriter .
Neil Patrick Harris ( born June 15 , 1973 ) is an American actor , producer , singer , comedian , magician , and television host .
George Bruns ( July 3 , 1914 -- May 23 , 1983 ) was an American composer of music for film and television who worked on many Disney films .
Sol Kaplan ( April 19 , 1919 -- November 14 , 1990 ) was a prolific film and television music composer .
Yekaterina Samoylova ( 1763 - -1830 ) was a Russian noble and lady - in - waiting .
Bart Berman ( Hebrew : ברט ברמן‎ ; born December 29 , 1938 ) is a Dutch - Israeli pianist and composer , best known as an interpreter of Franz Schubert and 20th - century music .
Michelle Lynn Shupack ( born September 20 , 1968 ) , professionally known by her stage name Michelle Visage , is an American singer , television host , radio DJ , and television personality .
Ibrahim Jaja was an alpine skier from the Lebanon .
Thomas Horn ( born December 14 , 1997 ) is an American actor best known for his role in the American drama film Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close ( 2011 ) .
John Roy Whinnery ( July 26 , 1916 -- February 1 , 2009 ) was an American electrical engineer and educator who worked in the fields of microwave theory and laser experimentation .
Frederick Wadsworth Loring ( December 12 , 1848 -- November 5 , 1871 ) was an American journalist , novelist and poet .
Gerhard Amendt ( born June 8 , 1939 , in Frankfurt am Main ) is a German sociologist , and was Professor at Bremen University , in the Research Institute for Gender and Generation until his retirement in 2003 .
Spyros Kokotos ( Greek : Σπύρος Κοκοτός ) is a Greek architect born in the city of Herakleion , Crete on October 30 , 1933 , to ( father ) Fotis ( Greek : Φώτης ) a.k.a . `` Takis '' ( Greek : Τάκης ) Kokotos and ( mother ) Anna Varouha ( Greek : Αννα Βαρούχα ) .
Lluís Pujals i Carretero ( January 22 , 1966- ) is a Catalan musician and painter .
Kim Min - jun ( Hangul : 김민준 ; hanja : 金閔俊 ; born January 15 , 1988 ) , better known by his stage name Jun. K , is a South Korean singer - songwriter and record producer .
Telly Leung ( born January 3 , 1980 ) is an American actor , singer and songwriter .
Andy Eddy is an American video game journalist and critic .
Dee McLachlan is a film director , producer and writer from Middle Park , Victoria .
Volodymyr Sichynskyi ( June 24 , 1894 -- June 25 , 1962 ) was a Ukrainian émigré architect , graphic artist , and art historian .
Tommaso De Vivo ( 1787 - -1884 ) was an Italian painter , active mainly in Naples , Italy .
George Ritzer ( born 1940 ) is an American sociologist , professor , and author who studies globalization , metatheory , patterns of consumption , and modern and postmodern social theory .
James Barkley is an artist , illustrator , and professor from Pleasantville , New York .
Paul Pyers was an Australian rugby league player in the New South Wales Rugby League ( NSWRL ) competition .
Irene Scruggs ( December 7 , 1901 -- probably July 20 , 1981 ) was an American Piedmont blues and country blues singer , who was also billed as Chocolate Brown and Dixie Nolan .
Aury Wallington is an American novelist and TV writer .
Manish Sisodia is an Indian politician who has been the Deputy Chief Minister of Delhi since February 2015 .
David Apperley is an Australian technical diver and cave explorer .
Alfredo Toro Hardy ( born in Caracas on May 22 , 1950 ) is a Venezuelan diplomat , scholar and public intellectual and the current Ambassador of his country to Singapore .
Greg R. Fishbone ( born August 12 , 1970 ) is an American writer , illustrator , and former publisher who lives in Massachusetts .
Antigoni Papadopoulou ( Greek : Αντιγόνη Παπαδοπούλου ; née Pericleous ; Greek : Περικλέους ; born July 8 , 1954 ) is a Greek Cypriot politician and chemist .
Christophe Beaucarne , SBC is a Belgian cinematographer .
Sebastian Bradatsch ( born 8 May1996 ) is a German ski jumper who has been competing since 2011 .
Najib Ullah ( February 14 , 1914 to August 2 , 1965 ) was an Afghan writer and ambassador .
John Dawson Winter III ( February 23 , 1944 -- July 16 , 2014 ) , known as Johnny Winter , was an American musician , singer , songwriter , multi - instrumentalist and producer .
Hannibal Hamlin Garland ( September 14 , 1860 -- March 4 , 1940 ) was an American novelist , poet , essayist , and short story writer , Georgist , and parapsychology skeptic / researcher .
Franz Josef Och ( November 2 , 1971 ) is a German computer scientist .
Hester Kaplan is an American short story writer , and novelist .
Christine Palamidessi Moore ( born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania ) is an Italian - American writer and novelist .
Olav Hodne ( June 16 , 1921 - October 29 , 2009 ) was a Norwegian humanitarian and missionary , affiliated with the Norwegian Santal Mission .
Martha Settle Putney ( November 9 , 1916 -- December 11 , 2008 ) was an American educator and historian who chronicled the roles of African Americans in the armed forces .
Robert Easton Burns ( December 26 , 1805 -- January 12 , 1863 ) was a Canadian lawyer , judge , and Chancellor of the University of Toronto .
Thomas Rudston ( by 1507 - 56 ) , of Swaffham Bulbeck , Cambridgeshire , was an English politician .
Vivian Le ( born July 30 , 2000 ) is an American competitive figure skater .
Jaime Hinckson ( born Jaime Andrew Hinckson on June 4 , 1988 ) is a Jamaican American reggae jazz pianist and composer who performs both jazz and reggae music .
Michael Middleton Dwyer is an architect practicing in New York City known for renovating historic structures and designing new ones in traditional vocabularies , also known as New Classical Architecture .
Otto Frederick Rohwedder ( July 7 , 1880 -- November 8 , 1960 ) was an American inventor and engineer who created the first automatic bread - slicing machine for commercial use .
Lew Futterman is a record producer and manager active since the mid 1960s .
Father Eugene John Hebert was an American born Jesuit missionary in Sri Lanka .
Nicolas Neufchatel or Neufchâtel ( ca . 1527 -- ca . 1590 ) , known as Lucidel , was a Flemish painter and draughtsman .
Ammar Hassan ( Arabic : عمار حسن‎ ) ( born November 13 , 1976 ) is a singer who rose to popularity around the world after placing second in Super Star 2 , the pan - Arabic version of Pop Idol .
Meyer Levy ( May 16 , 1887 -- January 26 , 1967 in Manhattan , New York City ) was an American lawyer and Democratic politician from New York .
Frederick Mathesius was an American architect who was partnered with Charles Alonzo Rich at the firm Rich , Mathesius and Koyl , until Rich retired in 1932 .
Elric van Vuuren is a former South African rugby union player that played Currie Cup and Vodacom Cup rugby for the Mighty Elephants , Border Bulldogs and SWD Eagles between 2006 and 2015 .
William Swain Lee ( born December 18 , 1935 ) is an American lawyer and politician from Georgetown , in Sussex County , Delaware .
Hans Tobeason is a television screenwriter and executive producer .
Simon Huw Jones is a vocalist , lyric writer and photographer .
Ali Bouali , stage name Ali B ( born 20 Januari 1981 ) , is a Dutch rapper of Moroccan descent .
Harve Bennett ( born Harve Bennett Fischman ; August 17 , 1930 -- February 25 , 2015 ) was an American television and film producer and screenwriter .
Andrew Charles Elliott ( June 22 , 1829 -- April 9 , 1889 ) was a British Columbian politician and jurist .
Roger Ferriter is a graphic designer most renowned as the progenitor of the L'eggs name , logo and packaging design ( the L'eggs egg and egg - shaped dispenser ) .
Ramdas Padhye is an Indian ventriloquist , puppeteer and puppet - maker .
Paul Moak is an American producer , engineer , mixer , songwriter , and multi - instrumentalist currently residing in Nashville , TN .
Georges Doussot ( born October 16 , 1901 , date of death unknown ) was a French boxer .
Józef Borzyszkowski ( born February 6 , 1946 , Karsin ) is a prolific Polish historian , professor of history at Gdańsk University , and Kashubian activist , who served as chairman of the Kashubian - Pomeranian Association from 1986 - 92 .
Harley Harris Bartlett ( born Anaconda , Montana , March 9 , 1886 - February 21 , 1960 ) was American botanist and biochemist .
Cipe Pineles ( June 23 , 1908 -- January 3 , 1991 ) was an Austrian - born graphic designer and art director who made her career in New York at such magazines as Seventeen , Charm and Mademoiselle .
Joel Chandler Harris ( December 9 , 1848 -- July 3 , 1908 ) was an American journalist , fiction writer , and folklorist best known for his collection of Uncle Remus stories .
Michael Maccoby is an American psychoanalyst and anthropologist globally recognized as an expert on leadership for his research , writing and projects to improve organizations and work .
Aya El - Sayed ( Arabic : آية السيد‎ ; born May 9 , 1989 ) is an Egyptian épée fencer .
Emilie da Fonseca Muller , married surname Bratz was a Norwegian ( originally Danish ) stage actor and opera singer .
Park Yong - ok ( Hangul : 박용옥 ; hanja : 朴庸玉 , born September 15 , 1942 ) is a South Korean politician .
Boyd Marshall was an American actor of the stage and screen during the early decades of the 20th Century .
James C. Newman is an American engineer and materials scientist known for his work on fracture and fatigue for aerospace vehicles .
Elsa Manora Nasution ( born October 25 , 1977 ) is an Indonesian former swimmer , who specialized in backstroke events .
Dustin Hunter Renfroe ( born January 28 , 1992 ) is an American professional baseball player in minor league baseball for the San Diego Padres organization .
Juan Isidro Jimenes Grullón ( born in Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic on June 17 , 1903 -- August 10 , 1983 ) was a Dominican essayist , historian , physician , philosopher , educator and politician .
Aaron Landes ( November 1 , 1929 -- April 19 , 2014 ) was an American rabbi in the Conservative movement and a rear admiral in the United States Naval Reserve .
Terry Van Akkeren ( born March 10 , 1954 ) is an American politician , engineering technician , and die and tool maker .
Eddie Little Sky ( August 15 , 1926 -- September 5 , 1997 ) , also known as Edward Little , was a Native American actor of the Oglala Lakota tribe .
Ira Rush was an architect in the U.S. state of North Dakota .
Cassandra Nova is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics , most commonly in association with the X - Men .
Frederick York ( 1823 - -1903 ) was an early photographer who established the business York & Son in Notting Hill , specialising in the manufacture of lantern slides .
Liautaud Ethéart ( 1826 - -1888 ) was a Haitian playwright and politician .
Yoke Peng Loh is an American biochemist and molecular biologist currently acting as Senior Investigator and Head at the Section on Cellular Neurobiology , Laboratory of Developmental Neurobiology , Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development ( NICHD ) , National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) .
Aratus ( /əˈreɪtəs/ ; Ancient Greek : Ἄρᾱτος ὁ Σολεύς ; ca . 315 BC/310 BC -- 240 BC ) was a Greek didactic poet .
Einar Thorsteinn ( 1942 - -April 28 , 2015 ) was an Icelandic architect with an interest in geometrical structures .
Claude Frank ( born Claus Johannes Frank ; December 24 , 1925 -- December 27 , 2014 ) was a German - born American pianist .
Billy Todd ( September 26 , 1929 -- November 30 , 2008 ) was the bass singer for the Florida Boys Quartet in the Southern Gospel music industry from the 1950s to 1972 .
Jason Licht ( /ˈlaɪt/ ; born February 13 , 1971 ) is an American football executive who is the general manager of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Pedro Pietri ( March 21 , 1944 -- March 3 , 2004 ) was a Nuyorican poet and playwright and a founder of the Nuyorican Movement .
Ignace Fougeron , also known as Ignatius Fougeron or J. Fougeron , was a British engraver active from 1750 to 1782 .
Clem Smith ( born 3 February 1996 ) is an Australian rules footballer who plays with Carlton in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Murray Gell - Mann ( /ˈmʌri ˈɡɛl ˈmæn/ ; born September 15 , 1929 ) is an American physicist who received the 1969 Nobel Prize in physics for his work on the theory of elementary particles .
Colin Maitland ( born 12 August 1942 ) is an English actor who has made several film and television appearances .
Dr. Lloyd W. Bailey is a faithless elector , physician and ophthalmologist , now retired , from Rocky Mount , North Carolina , who achieved notoriety during the 1968 U.S. presidential election when he became the 145th faithless elector in the history of the United States Electoral College .
Kal Parekh ( Hindi : कल पारिख ) is an Indian - American film and television actor best known for his starring role in the 2010 independent feature film , Karma Road and as Sanjeev , an Indian - American flight engineer in the ABC television series , Pan Am , set in the 1960s .
Silvestro Palma sometimes De Palma or Da Palma ( March 15 , 1754 -- August 8 , 1834 ) was an Italian composer , primarily of operas .
Guido of Siena , was an Italian painter , active during the 13th - century in Siena , and painting in a Byzantine style .
Jalal Ahmad ( Bengali : জালাল আহমদ ) is a practicing Bangladeshi architect .
Rachel Abrams ( January 2 , 1951 - June 7 , 2013 ) was an American writer , editor , and artist .
Charles V. Park ( January 19 , 1885 -- September 11 , 1982 ) was a noted librarian .
Chad Troutwine ( born May 23 , 1968 ) is an American Independent film producer and Co - Founder and CEO of Veritas Prep .
Cleo Baldon ( June 1 , 1927 -- October 12 , 2014 ) was an American architect , landscape architect , and furniture designer based in Los Angeles , where she contributed to many well - known structures , especially pools .
Patu Ativalu Togi II is a Samoan politician and Member of Parliament .
Yuriy Oliynyk ( Ukrainian : Юрій Олійник ; born 1931 ) is a Ukrainian composer , concert pianist , and professor of music who lives and works in the USA .
Vanlalzawma a politician from Mizoram who was a Member of the Mizoram ( Lok Sabha constituency ) in the 13th Lok Sabha and 14th Lok Sabha .
Frank J. Aquila is an American corporate lawyer .
Jason Strange ( born 8 October 1973 in Tredegar , Wales ) is a former Welsh rugby union player and now coach .
Flavius Anicius Probinus ( fl 395 - 397 ) was a politician and aristocrat of the Roman Empire .
Jane Getz is an American jazz pianist and session musician .
Fiddlin ' Doc Roberts ( April 26 , 1897 - August 4 , 1978 ) was an American Kentucky - style old - time fiddler .
Eleanor Burnham is a Welsh Liberal Democrat politician , and was a Member of the Welsh Assembly for the North Wales Regional Constituency until May 2011 .
Saleem Jones ( born May 3 , 1982 ) , better known by his stage name Serius Jones , is an American rapper who is widely known for his freestyle battles .
Rowland Brown ( November 6 , 1900 -- May 6 , 1963 ) , born Chauncey Rowland Brown in Canton , Ohio , was an American screenwriter and film director , whose career as a director ended in the early 1930s after he started many more films than he finished .
Paul Desmond ( born Paul Emil Breitenfeld ; November 25 , 1924 -- May 30 , 1977 ) was an American jazz alto saxophonist and composer , best known for the work he did in the Dave Brubeck Quartet and for composing that group 's greatest hit , `` Take Five '' .
Hugo Kuranda ( born May 29 , 1910 , date of death unknown ) was an Austrian skeleton racer who competed in the late 1940s .
Bonino da Campione was an Italian sculptor in the Gothic style , active between 1350 and 1390 .
Branford Marsalis ( born August 26 , 1960 ) is an American saxophonist , composer and bandleader .
Brad Morrow , born Bradley Steven Mora , credited during his childhood as Bradley Mora , ( May 12 , 1942 in Chicago -- November 7 , 1997 in Northridge , Los Angeles ) was a child actor who appeared on Broadway , in film and on television beginning at the age of two .
Arthur G. Fisk ( 1868 - -1938 ) , was a U.S. Republican politician and at age 35 was elected as Speaker of the California State Assembly .
Rudibert Kunz ( born 1943 ) is a German investigator , journalist and television editor .
Vijay Raghavendra is an Indian actor who primarily works in Kannada films .
Doxi Jones is an American singer - songwriter and model signed to SRC / Universal Republic Records .
Saju Navodaya , often credited by his stage name Pashanam Shaji , is an Indian film actor mostly acted in comedy roles in Malayalam films .
Harry Ryle Hopps ( 1869 -- August 24 , 1937 , Los Angeles ) was an American businessman and artist .
Oliver Parker Fritchle ( September 15 , 1874 -- August 1951 ) was an American chemist , storage battery innovator , and entrepreneur with electric vehicle and wind power generation businesses during the early twentieth century .
Brian Kahn is an American author , journalist , and public radio host .
John Tracy Kidder ( born November 12 , 1945 ) is an American writer of nonfiction books .
Laurie Fagan was a rugby league player for the Balmain Tigers from 1958 to 1966 and the Penrith Panthers between 1967 and 1970 .
Candy Barr ( July 6 , 1935 -- December 30 , 2005 ) was an American stripper , burlesque dancer , actress , and adult model in men 's magazines of the mid-20th century .
Alex Wexo ( born March 16 in Boston , Massachusetts ) is an American movie and television actor .
Michał Śliwiński ( Mykhaylo Slyvynsky Ukrainian : Михайло Сливинський ; born February 5 , 1970 in Dobrotvir , Ukraine ) is a Soviet / Ukrainian / Polish sprint canoer , who has won six world championship titles over his long career .
Trevor Peres born July 25 , 1969 is an American heavy metal musician best known as the guitarist , song writer and one of the founding members of the death metal band Obituary .
Elio Marchetti ( born August 17 , 1974 ) is an Italian auto racing driver from Viterbo .
James Churchward ( February 27 , 1851 -- January 4 , 1936 ) is best known as a British born occult writer .
Bruce Vilanch ( born November 23 , 1948 ) is an American comedy writer , songwriter and actor .
Anthony Neely ( born May 20 , 1986 ) is an American Mandopop singer of mixed ethnicity .
Menachem Genack is an Orthodox rabbi and the CEO of the Orthodox Union Kosher Division , a supervisory organization of kosher food .
Lotti Golden ( born November 27 , 1949 ) is an American singer - songwriter , record producer , poet and artist .
Valeri Danilov ( also spelled : Valeriy ; Russian:Валерий Дмитриевич Данилов ) is a Russian military historian and a retired officer ( Colonel ) .
Victor Contamin ( 1840 - -1893 ) was a French structural engineer , an expert on the strength of materials such as iron and steel .
John Allen Wakefield ( February 11 , 1797 -- June 18 , 1873 ) was an American historian , politician , soldier , physician , and lawyer .
Jan Baptist Francken was supposed to be a painter from the Francken family and/or the son of Sebastian Vrancx , but is now considered to have been an error and to have never existed .
Hilary Simon is a British - born silk painter .
Meeia Foo ( simplified Chinese : 符琼音 ; traditional Chinese : 符瓊音 ; pinyin : Fú Qióng - Yīn ) , is a Taiwan - based Malaysian singer who rose to fame after participating in `` Super Idol '' ( 超級偶像 ) , a Taiwanese singing competition .
Dai Guohong ( simplified Chinese : 戴国红 ; traditional Chinese : 戴國紅 ; pinyin : Dài Guóhóng ; born September 3 , 1977 in Liaoyang , Liaoning ) is a retired Chinese swimmer , who specialized in breaststroke and individual medley events .
Wayne Northrop ( born April 12 , 1947 ) is an American actor known for his parts in soap operas such as Dynasty and Days of Our Lives .
Kamryn Belle is a singer , songwriter and performer born in Suriname .
Harmen J. Bussemaker is an American biological physicist , professor at Columbia University , and Principal Investigator of the Harmen Bussemaker lab .
The Persian ratsnake ( Zamenis persicus ) is a species of medium - sized nonvenomous ratsnake , which is endemic to Western Asia .
Nannostomus harrisoni is a species of pencil fish .
Serendipaceratops was originally described as a member of the Neoceratopsia and one of the earliest known ceratopsian dinosaurs , and the only one known from the southern hemisphere , with the possible exception of the dubious South American genus Notoceratops , which also may be another kind of ornithischian dinosaur .
The Michoacan deer mouse ( Osgoodomys banderanus ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Austrolfersia is a genus of biting flies in the family of louse flies , Hippoboscidae .
Cycloceras was named by McCoy ( 1844 and assigned to the Michelinoceratida by Flower ( 1962)and to the Orthocerida by Sweet in Teichert et al . ( 1964 ) ; Cycloceras is possibly a member of the Cycloceratidae and may be synonymous with Perigrammoceras Foerste
Wolffiella is a genus of aquatic plants commonly called duckweeds in the Araceae family .
Dyschlorodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae from Madagascar .
The Panamanian spiny pocket mouse ( Liomys adspersus ) , also known as Peter 's spiny pocket mouse , is a species of heteromyid rodent endemic to Panama .
Friginatica is a genus of sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Naticidae , the moon shells .
Saruma is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the family Aristolochiaceae containing the single species Saruma henryi .
The Atlantic stingray ( Dasyatis sabina ) is a species of stingray in the family Dasyatidae , common along the Atlantic coast of North America from Chesapeake Bay to Mexico , including brackish and freshwater habitats .
Prochlorophyta lack red and blue phycobilin pigments and have stacked thylakoids , making them distinctly different from Cyanobacteria ( or Cyanophyta ) , but some authors consider them as part of the Cyanobacteria , as the group Prochlorales .
The Tsingy tufted - tailed rat ( Eliurus antsingy ) is a species of rodent in the family Nesomyidae .
Akera is a marine genus of sea hare in the family Akeridae , known from the late Callovian ( Jurassic ) to the recent periods .
Kelloggia is a plant genus in the bedstraw and madder family Rubiaceae .
Archepandemis is a genus of insects the tribe Archipini .
Suniana is a genus of butterflies in the family Hesperiidae , the skippers .
The Gambian mongoose ( Mungos gambianus ) is widely distributed in the moist savannahs of north - western Africa , from Gambia to Nigeria .
Linosta is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family and only genus in the Linostinae subfamily .
Knox Jones 's pocket gopher ( Geomys knoxjonesi ) is a species of pocket gopher found in Texas and New Mexico .
Aloeides , commonly called Coppers , is a genus of butterflies in the Lycaenidae family .
Ochlodes is a Holarctic genus in the skipper butterfly family , Hesperiidae .
Lamasina is a genus of gossamer - winged butterflies ( family Lycaenidae ) ; the validity of its name is subject to dispute .
Dictyochloropsis is a genus of green algae of the order Microthamniales .
The grouping identified by Balachowsky in 1954 as the subtribe Diaspidina , are now the tribe Diaspidini .
Prostomatea is a class of Ciliophora .
The Australian grayling ( Prototroctes maraena ) is a primarily freshwater fish found in coastal rivers in south - eastern mainland Australia and Tasmania .
The Tasmanian blenny ( Parablennius tasmanianus ) is a species of combtooth blenny found in the eastern Indian ocean ( Australia ) to Southwest Pacific ( New Zealand ) .
Sphaerolana is a genus of isopod crustaceans in the family Cirolanidae , all of which are endemic to Mexico .
Speothalpius grayi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Speothalpius .
The Batak shrew ( Crocidura batakorum ) is a species of shrew from the Philippines .
Pilostyles is a genus of flowering plants currently placed in the family Apodanthaceae .
The Chaconiaceae are a family of rust fungi in the order Pucciniales .
Tickell 's thrush ( Turdus unicolor ) is a passerine bird in the thrush family Turdidae .
Neospirifer is an extinct genus of articulate brachiopod fossils belonging to the family Trigonotretidae .
Nesocerus is a genus of leafhoppers belonging to the family Cicadellidae from the Malagasy region .
Broad bean wilt virus 1 ( BBWVI ) is a plant pathogenic virus of the order Picornavirales , family Secoviridae , subfamily Comovirinae , genus Fabavirus .
that Gigantoraptor belonged to the Oviraptorosauria , a group named after Oviraptor , but compared to other known members , Gigantoraptor was much larger , approximately three times as long and 35 times more massive than the heaviest earlier discovered oviraptorosaurid Citipati .
Tarabul 's gerbil , Gerbillus tarabuli is distributed from Senegal and Mauritania to Libya and Chad .
Giant Peccary ( Brazil ) Pecari tajacu Linnaeus , 1758 --
Fomes is a genus of perennial woody fungi in the family Polyporaceae .
The Andean condor ( Vultur gryphus ) is a South American bird in the New World vulture family Cathartidae and is the only member of the genus Vultur .
Sigara is a genus of water boatmen in the family Corixidae .
Hymenobia is a fungal genus in the division Ascomycota .
Marshosaurus is a genus of medium - sized carnivorous theropod dinosaur , belonging to the Megalosauroidea , from the Late Jurassic Morrison Formation of Utah and perhaps Colorado .
Carlephyton is a genus of three species in the family Araceae , all endemic to Madagascar .
Archaeocyon ( `` beginning dog '' ) is a small extinct genus of the Borophaginae within the family Canidae ( terrestrial canine ) which inhabited most of North America during the Whitneyan stage through Geringian stage of the Oligocene epoch 33.3 - -26.3 Ma Archaeocyon existed for approximately 7.3 million years .
The Bolivian earthcreeper ( Tarphonomus harterti ) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family .
Cteniopus is a genus of comb - clawed beetles belonging to the family Tenebrionidae subfamily Alleculinae .
Oldfieldia is a plant genus under the family Picrodendraceae , the only of its subtribe ( Paiveusinae ) .
Coopernookia is a plant genus of understory xerophytes and mesophytes in the Goodeniaceae family .
The Pallas 's cat ( Otocolobus manul ) , also called manul , is a small wild cat with a broad but fragmented distribution in the grasslands and montane steppes of Central Asia .
Rentz 's false shieldback ( Aroegas rentzi ) is a species of katydid that is endemic to South Africa , and can be found in Limpopo , Mpumalanga , KwaZulu - Natal and Eastern Cape provinces .
The Arabian partridge ( Alectoris melanocephala ) is a species of bird in the family Phasianidae , native to the southern Arabian peninsula .
The Amerilini are a tribe of woolly bear moths ( Arctiidae ) in the subfamily Arctiinae .
The Isarog forest frog ( Platymantis isarog ) is a species of frog in the Ceratobatrachidae family .
Heller 's pipistrelle ( Neoromicia helios ) is a species of vesper bat .
The European anchovy ( Engraulis encrasicolus ) is a forage fish somewhat related to the herring .
Eriophorum ( cottongrass , cotton - grass or cottonsedge ) is a genus of flowering plants in the family Cyperaceae , the sedge family .
Gagrella is a large genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae .
The Sakalava weaver ( Ploceus sakalava ) sometimes known as the Sakalava fody is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family .
The Saint Helena shearwater ( Puffinus pacificoides ) is an extinct species of seabird in the petrel family .
Gymnites is a genus of ammonoid cephalopod from the Middle Triassic belonging to the ceratitid family Gymnitidae .
Tzaganosuchus is an extinct genus of fossil crocodile from the Gobi Desert of southern / southeastern Mongolia .
Knipowitschia panizzae , the Adriatic dwarf goby , is a species of goby native to the coasts of the Adriatic and Ionian Seas where it has been recorded in Italy , Slovenia and Croatia with records from Greece needing to be confirmed .
The Mamfe shrew ( Crocidura virgata ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
The Makira leaf warbler ( Phylloscopus makirensis ) , also known as the San Cristobal leaf - warbler , is a species of Old World warbler in the Phylloscopidae family .
The Japanese grosbeak ( Eophona personata ) is a finch native to East Asia .
The Angolan brush - furred rat ( Lophuromys angolensis ) is a species of Brush - furred mouse found in Angola and the southwest of the Democratic Republic of Congo .
Cryptotriton or Hidden Salamanders is a genus of salamander in the family Plethodontidae , endemic to Mexico , Honduras and Guatemala .
In taxonomy , the Aphanochaetaceae are a family of algae , specifically of the Chaetophorales .
The Sulawesi myna ( Basilornis celebensis ) is a species of starling in the family Sturnidae .
Acetonema is a genus of bacteria in the family Veillonellaceae .
The Cachorrito de la Trinidad , also Charco Azul pupfish , ( Cyprinodon inmemoriam ) was a species of fish in the Cyprinodontidae family .
The Rwandan shaggy rat ( Dasymys rwandae ) is a species of shaggy marsh rat endemic to north - western Rwanda , close to the Virunga Mountains .
The Cuban ribbontail catshark , Eridacnis barbouri , is a finback catshark of the family Proscylliidae , found off western central Atlantic Ocean at depths of between 430 and 613 m. It can grow up to a length of 34 cm . The Cuban ribbontail catshark is ovoviviparous .
Acystopteris is a genus of ferns in the family Cystopteridaceae .
Trachysiphonella is a genus of fly in the family Chloropidae .
Cichlidogyrus is a genus of Monopisthocotylean Monogeneans , belonging in the family Dactylogyridae ( or Ancyrocephalidae ) , according to the classification used .
Tribonanthes a genus of Australian plants in the Bloodwort family , Haemodoraceae .
Liroceras is the type genus of the clydonautiliacean family , Liroceratidae , and is characterized by a rapidly expanding , subglobular , nautiliconic shell with a reniform whorl section , small umbilicus , essentially straight sutures , and a siphuncle with a variable but not marginal position .
The Acerentomidae are a family of hexapods in the order Protura .
The American smooth flounder ( Pleuronectes putnami ) is a flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae .
Brasilaxia costifera is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Brasilaxia .
Ricania is a genus of planthoppers belonging to the family Ricaniidae .
The Guerreran climbing salamander ( Bolitoglossa hermosa ) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae .
Ochetoceras is an ammonite genus , belonging to the Oppeliidae , that lived during the Late Jurassic from the early Oxfordian to the early Tithonian , and type for the subfamily Ochetoceratinae .
Dixonius is a genus of Asian geckos , commonly known as leaf - toed geckos .
The African golden oriole ( Oriolus auratus ) is a member of the oriole family of passerine birds which is a resident breeder in Africa south of the Sahara .
Klausewitzia ritae is a species of South American darter ( family Crenuchidae ) found in the upper Amazon River basin at the Peruvian / Brazilian border .
Poabromylus is a small extinct genus of Artiodactyla , of the family Protoceratidae , endemic to North America from the Eocene epoch ( Uintan to Chadronian stage ) 46.2 - -33.9 Ma , existing for approximately 12.3 million years .
Verticillium dry bubble , recently named Lecanicillium fungicola , is a mycoparasite that attacks white button mushrooms ( Agaricus bisporus ) , among other hosts , during its generative period .
Cotyperiboeum antennarium is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Cotyperiboeum .
Sudachi ( Citrus sudachi ; Japanese : スダチ or 酢橘 ) is a small , round , green , Japanese citrus fruit that is a specialty of Tokushima Prefecture in Japan .
Konzhukovia is an extinct genus of stereospondylomorph temnospondyl amphibian in the family Archegosauridae .
Limeum has traditionally been recognized as belonging to the Molluginaceae family , but is now treated as the sole genus in the family Limeaceae .
Hemiancistrus is a genus within the tribe Ancistrini of the subfamily Hypostominae .
White 's thrush ( Zoothera aurea ) is a member of the thrush family , Turdidae .
Nerita is a genus of medium - sized to small sea snails with a gill and an operculum , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Neritidae , the nerites .
Blyth 's river frog , Blyth 's frog , giant Asian river frog , or ( ambiguously ) giant frog , Limnonectes blythii , is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family found from Myanmar through western Thailand and the Malay Peninsula ( Malaysia , Singapore ) to Sumatra and Borneo ( Indonesia ) .
The Stichopodidae are a family of sea cucumbers , part of the order Aspidochirotida .
Xanthorrhoea ( /zænθoʊˈriːə/ ) is a genus of about 30 species of flowering plants endemic to Australia and a member of family Xanthorrhoeaceae , being the only member of subfamily Xanthorrhoeoideae .
The Sudeten ringlet ( Erebia sudetica ) is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family .
The Super VC-10 hap ( Placidochromis milomo ) is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi along the Malawian shores of the lake .
The Barbary ground squirrel ( Atlantoxerus getulus ) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae .
Sesamum is a genus of approximately 20 species in the flowering plant family Pedaliaceae .
Pseudomyrophis is a genus of eels in the snake eel family Ophichthidae .
Hileolaspis auratus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Hileolaspis .
Lytoceratinae is a subfamily of ammonoid cephalopods that make up part of the family Lytoceratidae .
The Marico flycatcher or Mariqua flycatcher ( Bradornis mariquensis ) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae .
Scadoxus is placed in tribe Haemantheae within the subfamily Amaryllidoideae , a tribe reserved for genera with fruit in the form of berries ( baccate fruit ) .
Vences ' chameleon ( Calumma vencesi ) is a species of chameleon endemic to Madagascar .
The European squid or common squid ( Loligo vulgaris ) is a large squid belonging to the family Loliginidae .
The Omani owl ( Strix butleri ) is an owl of the Strix found in Oman .
The New Zealand sea lion ( Phocarctos hookeri ) , also known as Hooker 's sea lion , and whakahao in Māori , is a species of sea lion that primarily breeds on New Zealand 's subantarctic Auckland and Campbell islands and to some extent around the coast of New Zealand 's South and Stewart islands .
Although Hungerbühler ( 2001 ) redescribed `` Z. '' arenaceus as not belonging to Phytosauria and referred it to Archosauria Incertae sedis , Dzik & Sulej ( 2007 ) noted that its holotype `` does not differ significantly from corresponding parts of the juvenile Krasiejów Paleorhinus , which is clearly a phytosaur '' .
The Munchique wood wren ( Henicorhina negreti ) is a member of the wren family ( Troglodytidae ) , described as new to science in 2003 .
The American gray flycatcher , or just gray flycatcher ( Empidonax wrightii ) as it is known in North America , is a small , insectivorous passerine in the tyrant flycatcher family .
Malacomeles ( false serviceberry ) is a genus of flowering plants in the Rosaceae .
Rossjoycea glacialis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Rossjoycea .
Labidochromis flavigulis , the Chisumulu pearl , is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known to occur in areas with rocky substrates around Likoma Island and Chisumulu Island .
Townsend 's chipmunk ( Neotamias townsendii ) is a species of rodent in the squirrel family Sciuridae .
The Tetrablemmidae are a spider family with 126 described species in 29 genera that occur throughout the world tropics .
Like all Asteropyginae , Psychopyge has ( in this case 5 pairs ) prominent spines ( or lappets ) extending from the segments of the tailshield ( or pygidium ) in the area outside the axis ( or pleural region ) .
The Andean catfish ( Astroblepus ubidiai ) is a species of freshwater fish in the Astroblepidae family .
Heteromyias is a genus of bird in the Petroicidae , or Australasian robin , family .
Redigobius dewaali , the Checked goby , is a species of goby native to the Indian Ocean coast of Africa from Mozambique and South Africa .
Smilodontini is an extinct tribe within the Machairodontinae or `` saber - toothed cat '' subfamily of the Felidae .
Grangerellidae is an extinct family of gastropods in the superfamily Orthalicoidea ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
It was originally assigned to the monotypic family Kourerpetidae , which has been alternatively spelled Kourerpetontidae .
The Indian fringe - fingered lizard ( Acanthodactylus cantoris ) is a species of lacertid lizard endemic to India and Southeast Asia .
Legousia ( Venus ' looking glass ) is a genus of flowering plants in the Campanulaceae ( bellflower ) family .
Thus , Sebecosuchia was no longer within Notosuchia and not considered to be a true clade , while Notosuchia was found to be a basal clade of Metasuchia .
Belliidae is a family of crabs of the order Decapoda .
Xymene is a genus of predatory sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Muricidae , the rock snails , found in New Zealand .
Simon 's spiny rat , Proechimys simonsi , is a spiny rat species from South America .
Lamproptera is a genus of butterflies in the family Papilionidae and the tribe Leptocircini .
The Chinese pangolin ( Manis pentadactyla ) is a pangolin found in northern India , Nepal , Bhutan , Bangladesh , Myanmar , northern Indochina , through most of Taiwan , and southern China ( including the islands of Hainan ) .
Macrolepiota is a genus of white spored , gilled mushrooms of the family Agaricaceae .
The San Cristobal shrew ( Sorex stizodon ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Turan 's goby ( Ponticola turani ) is a Ponto - Caspian species of goby endemic to Turkey where it is only from the Aksu Deresi stream .
Plagionotus astecus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Plagionotus .
The Short - beaked garfish ( Belone svetovidovi ) is an uncommon species of needlefish in marine waters of the Eastern Atlantic ocean .
The Khapra beetle ( Trogoderma granarium ) , also called cabinet beetle , which originated in South Asia , is one of the world 's most destructive pests of grain products and seeds .
The Amazon sheep frog or Bolivian sheep frog ( Hamptophryne boliviana ) is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family .
Polish cochineal ( Porphyrophora polonica ) , also known as Polish carmine scales , is a scale insect formerly used to produce a crimson dye of the same name , colloquially known as `` Saint John 's blood '' .
Polycestella curta is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Polycestella .
The Sclerogibbidae are a small family of aculeate wasps in the superfamily Chrysidoidea .
The Caspian lamprey , Caspiomyzon wagneri , is a species of lamprey native to the Caspian Sea , and a member of the Petromyzontidae family .
The Colorado chipmunk ( Neotamias quadrivittatus ) is a species of rodent in the squirrel family Sciuridae .
Callidadelpha bogotana is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Callidadelpha .
The Somali sparrow ( Passer castanopterus ) is a member of the bird family Passeridae found in northern Somalia , Djibouti , Ethiopia and Kenya .
Xenomelanophila miranda is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Xenomelanophila .
The Global Biodiversity Information Facility ( GBIF ) classifies Aphanipathes as being a genus of the family Aphanipathidae while the Integrated Taxonomic Information System ( ITIS ) classifies it as a genus of the family Antipathidae .
Percodermus niger is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Percodermus .
Lenomyrmex is a Neotropical genus of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae .
The Serra do Mar tyrant - manakin ( Neopelma chrysolophum ) , or Serra do Mar neopelma or the Serra tyrant - manakin , is a species of bird in the Pipridae , or manakin family .
Calligonum is a genus of plants in the family Polygonaceae with about 80 species across the Mediterranean Sea region , Asia and North America .
The Palawan fruit bat ( Acerodon leucotis ) , also known as the Palawan flying fox , is a species of megabat found in forests of Palawan , Balabac and Busuanga in the Philippines .
Leucopogon is a genus of about 150 - 160 species of shrubby flowering plants belonging to the family Ericaceae , in the section of that family formerly treated as the separate family Epacridaceae .
The Australian plague locust ( Chortoicetes terminifera ) is a native Australian insect in the family Acrididae and a significant agricultural pest .
Tasmalira is a genus of very small sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cerithiidae , the cerithids .
Carnotaurinae is a subfamily of the theropod dinosaur family Abelisauridae .
Shansirhinus is an extinct genus of rhinoceros endemic to Eurasia during the Miocene through Pliocene .
With over 850 species , the genus Nomada is one of the largest genera in the family Apidae , and the largest genus of cleptoparasitic `` cuckoo bees '' .
The Lake Turkana barb ( Barbus turkanae ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the Cyprinidae family .
Composita is included in the family Athyrididae ( Order Athyridida ) and placed in the subfamily Spirigerellinae .
The Réunion kestrel ( Falco duboisi ) is an extinct bird of prey which belongs to the falcon family .
Dinoponera is a strictly South American genus of ant in the subfamily Ponerinae , commonly called tocandiras or giant Amazonian ants .
Aphanipathidae is a family of corals in the order Antipatharia .
Halieutichthys is a fish genus in the family Ogcocephalidae .
Koch 's giant day gecko ( Phelsuma madagascariensis kochi Mertens , 1954 ) is a diurnal subspecies of gecko .
The Jelski 's black tyrant ( Knipolegus signatus ) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family .
Dissacus is a genus of extinct carnivorous jackal to coyote - sized mammals within the family Mesonychidae whose fossils are found in Paleocene to Early Eocene aged strata in France , Asia and southwest North America , 66 - -50.3 mya , existing for approximately 15.7 million years .
The Indonesian angelshark ( Squatina legnota ) is a rare species of angel shark , family Squatinidae , known only from a few specimens collected from fish landing sites in southern Indonesia .
Gunther 's robber frog , Günther 's robber frog , or Guerreran robber frog ( Craugastor omiltemanus , in Spanish rana - ladrona de Omilteme ) is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family .
Grey - mantled wren ( Odontorchilus branickii ) Tooth - billed wren ( Odontorchilus cinereus )
Neophrontops is an extinct genus of Accipitridae from the Pleistocene .
Stilbocarpa is a genus of flowering plant most often placed in the family Araliaceae ; it might be closer to the Apiaceae however .
The David 's tiger ( Parantica davidi ) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily .
The Iberian painted frog ( Discoglossus galganoi , in Spanish sapillo pintojo ibérico ) is a species of frog in the family Alytidae ( formerly Discoglossidae ) .
The Greater lizardfish ( Saurida tumbil ) is a species of Lizardfish that lives mainly off the coast of Oman .
The Cape Fear shiner ( Notropis mekistocholas ) is a North American species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family .
Tetrastigma is a genus of plants in the grape family , Vitaceae .
The Sahara frog ( Pelophylax saharicus ) is a species of frog in the family Ranidae .
Plagiolepidini are an ant tribe from the subfamily Formicinae .
Mocinnodaphne is a neotropical genus of flowering plants belonging to the family Lauraceae .
Fumaria parviflora is a species of flowering plant known by the common names fineleaf fumitory , fine - leaved fumitory and Indian fumitory .
Hydrophilinae is the largest subfamily of Hydrophilidae that contains 1852 species in 61 genera and 8 tribes .
Thalattosaurus ( pron.:``tha - la - to - SORE - us '' ) meaning `` ocean lizard '' is an extinct genus of marine reptile in the family Thalattosauridae .
Enantia is a genus of butterflies in the subfamily Dismorphiinae .
Agathosma is a genus of about 140 species of flowering plants in the family Rutaceae , native to the southern part of Africa .
Walleria is a genus of plants in the Tecophilaeaceae , first described as a genus in 1864 .
The Gulf toadfish ( Opsanus beta ) is a species of toadfish found in the Gulf of Mexico .
Urocoptoidea is a superfamily of land snails , gastropods in the informal group Sigmurethra .
Deigloria is a genus of agaric fungus in the family Marasmiaceae .
The Seychelles sucker - tailed gecko ( Urocotyledon inexpectata ) is a species of lizard in the Gekkonidae family .
Catoxantha is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae , ranging from northeast India through Southeast Asia .
Phellinus ellipsoideus ( formerly Fomitiporia ellipsoidea ) is a species of polypore fungus in the family Hymenochaetaceae , a specimen of which produced the largest fungal fruit body ever recorded .
Tylecodon is a genus of succulent plants in the family Crassulaceae .
The Japanese black salamander ( Hynobius nigrescens ) is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family , endemic to Japan .
Agasyllis caucasica is a species of flowering plants of the Apiaceae family and the only species of genus Agasyllis .
Phytomia is a genus of at least 15 species of hoverfly from the family Syrphidae , in the order Diptera found in tropical Africa and Asia .
The Niue night heron ( Nycticorax kalavikai ) is an extinct night heron species that was endemic to the island of Niue in West Polynesia .
The Symphytognathidae are a spider family with 44 described species in six genera .
Alecton discoidalis is a species of firefly in the beetle family Lampyridae , commonly known as the Cuban endemic firefly .
Indocephalites is a true ammonite ( order Ammonitida ) and a possible subgenus of Macrocephalites , belonging to the stephanoceratacean family , Macrocephalitidae .
Megaschizomus is a genus of Schizomida in the family Hubbardiidae , and the only genus in the subfamily Megaschizominae .
Cantor 's roundleaf bat ( Hipposideros galeritus ) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae .
The Cumberland darter ( Etheostoma susanae ) is a rare species of fish in the perch family endemic to Kentucky and Tennessee in the United States , where it occurs in the upper Cumberland River tributaries above Cumberland Falls .
The Scarlet Eggplant is a fruiting plant of the genus Solanum , related to the tomato and eggplant .
Trinorfolkia clarkei , known commonly as the Clarke 's triplefin , is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Trinorfolkia .
Cetonia is a genus of beetles ( Coleoptera ) in family Scarabaeidae .
Tetracha is a genus of beetles belonging to the Carabidae family .
The Loango weaver ( Ploceus subpersonatus ) is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family .
The Grauer 's swamp warbler ( Bradypterus graueri ) is a species of Old World warbler in the Locustellidae family .
Ionopsidium is a genus of the botanical family Brassicaceae , endemic to the western Mediterranean region .
In taxonomy , the Monomasticaceae are a family of green algae , specifically of the Prasinophyceae ( prasinophytes ) .
Urotrygonidae is a family of rays in the order Myliobatiformes , commonly referred to as the American round stingrays or round rays .
The Chinese sleeper ( Perccottus glenii ) , also known as the Amur sleeper , is a species of freshwater sleeper native to Amur River basin in eastern Asia with introduced populations in other regions of Eurasia .
Cephaloscyllium is a genus of catsharks , and part of the family Scyliorhinidae , commonly known as swellsharks because of their ability to inflate their bodies with water or air as a defense against predators .
The Georgefischeriales are an order of smut fungi in the class Exobasidiomycetes .
Hydrophilini is a tribe in the subfamily Hydrophilinae of aquatic beetles that contains 198 species in 8 genera .
Grias is a genus of flowering plants in the family Lecythidaceae , described by Linnaeus in 1759 .
N. gertraudae is classified in the family Pseudothelphusidae , and is the only species in the genus Neoepilobocera .
Eisentraut 's mouse shrew ( Myosorex eisentrauti ) is a Myosoricinae shrew found only on the island of Bioko , Equatorial Guinea .
Cometochus guadeloupensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Cometochus .
Hacrochlamys is a genus of small air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Euconulidae , the hive snails .
The Rose 's ghost frog or Table Mountain ghost frog ( Heleophryne rosei ) is a species of frog in the Heleophrynidae family endemic to South Africa .
African tetras ( family Alestidae , formerly spelled Alestiidae ) are a group of Characiformes fish exclusively found in Africa .
Solanoideae is a subfamily of the flowering plant family Solanaceae , and is sister to the subfamily Nicotianoideae .
Cyphotrechodes gibbipennis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Cyphotrechodes .
Exallancyla tuberculicollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Exallancyla .
Opatrini is a tribe of darkling beetles ( Tenebrionidae ) in the subfamily Tenebrioninae .
Pamirioceras is an extinct genus of ammonite in the monotypic Adrianitidae subfamily Pamiritellinae .
Psalidocyon is an extinct genus of the Borophaginae and a small terrestrial canine which inhabited most of North America during the Hemingfordian stage of the Early Miocene subepoch through the Barstovian stage of the Middle Miocene subepoch 20.6 - -13.6 Ma , existing for about 7 mya ..
Pinidae is a subclass of Equisetopsida in the sense used by Mark W. Chase and James L. Reveal in their 2009 article `` A phylogenetic classification of the land plants to accompany APG III . '' This subclass comprises the conifers .
Carasobarbus is a small genus of ray - finned fishes in the family Cyprinidae .
The Russulaceae are a diverse family of fungi in the order Russulales , with roughly 1,900 known species and a worldwide distribution .
Spotscale barb ( Barbus holotaenia ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Barbus .
Luidia is a genus of starfish in the family Luidiidae ( Sladen , 1889 ) in which it is the only genus .
Rapaninae is a subfamily of predatory sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae .
Desmos is a genus of trees and shrubs in the plant family Annonaceae .
The Papuan white - eye ( Zosterops novaeguineae ) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family .
Nelson 's sparrow ( Ammodramus nelsoni ) is a small American sparrow .
The Chinese box turtle ( simplified Chinese : 食蛇龟 ; traditional Chinese : 食蛇龜 ; pinyin : shìshéguī ; literally : `` Snake - eating turtle '' ) , also known as the Yellow - margined box turtle , or Golden - headed turtle , is a species of Asian box turtle .
The Dusky snake eel ( Ophichthus cylindroideus , also known as the Tentacle - nose eel ) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae ( worm / snake eels ) .
Hymenochirus boettgeri , also known as Congo dwarf clawed frog or African dwarf frog , is a species of frog in the Pipidae family found in central Africa .
Carmenia bunifrons is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae .
Glyptophysa is a genus of small sinistral ( left - handed ) air - breathing freshwater snails , aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Planorbidae .
Arcangeliella is a genus of gasteroid fungi in the Russulaceae family .
Cyrtoneritimorpha is a clade of fossil sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks within the clade Neritimorpha .
The Arizona pocket mouse ( Perognathus amplus ) is a rodent native to the Sonoran desert .
The Pennsylvania wood cockroach ( Parcoblatta pensylvanica ) or Pennsylvanian cockroach is a common species of cockroach in eastern and central North America .
The Korean water toad , Bufo stejnegeri , also sometimes known as the Korean toad or water toad , is a species of toad found in East Asia .
Rictaxis is a genus of minute sea snails or `` bubble snails '' , marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Acteonidae , the `` barrel bubble '' snails .
Protodinychidae is a small family of mites in the order Mesostigmata , containing the single genus Protodinychus .
The Nigeria - Cameroon chimpanzee ( Pan troglodytes ellioti ) is a subspecies of the common chimpanzee which inhabits the rainforests along the border of Nigeria and Cameroon .
Chalicodoma is a subgenus of the bee genus Megachile in family Megachilidae .
The Mlanje Mountain chameleon , Nadzikambia mlanjensis , is one of two species in the genus Nadzikambia ( derived from the species ' name in Chichewa ) .
Kakamodes occipitalis is a species of beetle in the family Monotomidae , the only species in the genus Kakamodes .
Bulmer 's tree frog ( Litoria bulmeri ) is a species of frog in the family Hylidae .
The Ascension wrasse ( Thalassoma ascensionis ) is a species of wrasse native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean , where it is known from St. Helena , Ascension Island , and São Tomé .
Mycocepurus is a Neotropical genus of fungus - growing ants ( tribe Attini ) in the subfamily Myrmicinae .
Cossinia is a genus of four species known to science , of rainforest trees , constituting part of the plant family Sapindaceae .
Leschenault 's leaf - toed gecko ( Hemidactylus leschenaultii ) is a species of gecko found in South Asia and parts of West Asia .
Fissipedia is a former biological suborder comprising the largely land - based families of the order Carnivora .
Orissula heterospinulata is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae .
Burmeisterella is a trilobite in the order Phacopida .
Webbhelix is a genus of North American land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Polygyridae .
Kerivoula is a genus of vesper bats in the subfamily Kerivoulinae .
Precious coral or red coral is the common name given to Corallium rubrum and several related species of marine coral .
Biophytum is a genus of about 50 species of annual and perennial herbaceous plants in the family Oxalidaceae .
Adelphoceras is included in the nautilid family Rutoceratidae , and is also a part of the Tainocerataceae .
Dent 's horseshoe bat ( Rhinolophus denti ) is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae .
The Monterrey platyfish ( Xiphophorus couchianus ) is a species of freshwater fish in family Poecilidae of order Cyprinodontiformes .
Silpholestes lends its name to Silpholestidae , a family that traditionally encompassed many small therocephalians .
Migadopidius bimaculatus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Migadopidius .
Cystoidea or cystoids , is a class of extinct echinoderms in the sub - phyla Blastozoa , that lived attached to the sea floor by stalks .
Jerdon 's bush lark ( Mirafra affinis ) is a lark of the open countryside found in southern India and Sri Lanka .
Pegia is a genus of plants in the subfamily Spondiadoideae of the cashew and sumac family Anacardiaceae .
The Vanderhaege 's toad - headed turtle ( Mesoclemmys vanderhaegei ) is a species of turtle in the Chelidae family .
Cobb 's wren ( Troglodytes cobbi ) is a fairly small ( 12 - 13.5 cm ) wren which is endemic to the Falkland Islands .
The Malabar large - spotted civet ( Viverra civettina ) , also known as the Malabar civet , is a viverrid endemic to the Western Ghats of India .
The Kanaima tree frog , Myersiohyla kanaima , is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Guyana and possibly Brazil and Venezuela .
Oobius is a parasitic non - stinging wasp genus in the family Encyrtidae .
Elephant garlic ( Allium ampeloprasum var . ampeloprasum ) is a perennial plant belonging to the onion genus .
Sometimes placed in a family of their own , the Eucryphiaceae , more recent classifications place them in the Cunoniaceae .
Silhouettea sibayi , the Barebreast goby or the Sibayi goby , is a species of goby endemic to South Africa where it is known from lakes Sibhayi and St. Lucia and Kosi Bay .
Entheus is a Neotropical genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae ( Eudaminae ) .
Megadytes is a mainly Neotropical genus of large diving beetles in family Dytiscidae .
The Marcgraviaceae are a neotropical angiosperm family in the order Ericales .
The Bokermann 's casque - headed frog ( Aparasphenodon bokermanni ) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family .
The Sira curassow ( Pauxi koepckeae ) is a species of bird in the Cracidae family .
The African long - fingered bat ( Miniopterus africanus ) is a species of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae .
Marquesas swamphen ( Porphyrio paepae ) is a presumably extinct species of swamphen from the Marquesas Islands Hiva Oa and Tahuata .
The Don gudgeon ( Gobio brevicirris ) is a species of gudgeon , a small freshwater in the Cyprinidae family .
The Angolan marsh rat ( Dasymys nudipes ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Epiprocta is one of the two extant suborders of the Odonata ( the order to which dragonflies and damselflies belong ) .
Tapirus copei , commonly known as Cope 's Tapir , is an extinct species of tapir that inhabited North America during the Quaternary Period .
The Azraq toothcarp ( Aphanius sirhani ) is a species of fish in the Cyprinodontidae family .
Cynodonteae is a large tribe of grasses in the subfamily Chloridoideae , with over 800 species .
Ciclospermum ( also , Cyclospermum ) is a small genus of plants in the family Apiaceae .
Lecanicillium is a genus of fungi in the order Hypocreales and is described as anamorphic Cordycipitaceae ; 21 species are currently described .
The Portuguese dogfish or Portuguese shark ( Centroscymnus coelolepis ) is a species of sleeper shark of the family Somniosidae .
Leiomelus is a genus of king crickets in the family Anostostomatidae , endemic to Chile .
The Bernier 's vanga ( Oriolia bernieri ) is a bird species in the family Vangidae .
Chaudoirella reichardti is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Chaudoirella .
Luffa is a genus of tropical and subtropical vines in the cucumber ( Cucurbitaceae ) family .
Shortridge 's multimammate mouse ( Mastomys shortridgei ) is a rodent species in the family Muridae .
The Sichuan tit ( Poecile weigoldicus ) is a species of bird in the tit family Paridae .
Dinopanorpa is an extinct monotypic genus of scorpionfly that contains the single species Dinopanorpa megarche and is the type genus of the extinct family Dinopanorpidae .
Amphiodia is a genus of brittle stars belonging to the family Amphiuridae .
Ceuthostoma is a genus of two species of trees , constituting part of the plant family Casuarinaceae .
Dendrobieae is a tribe in the subfamily Epidendroideae , in the family Orchidaceae .
Stierling 's wren - warbler ( Calamonastes stierlingi ) , is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family found in southern Africa .
Ithonidae , commonly called moth lacewings and giant lacewings , is a small family of winged insects of the insect order Neuroptera .
The Pikumche pericote ( Loxodontomys pikumche ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
The Mexican cascades frog or white - striped frog , Rana pustulosa , is a species of frog in the Ranidae family endemic to Mexico , where it is known as rana de cascada .
Anoualerpeton is an extinct genus of lissamphibian in the family Albanerpetontidae .
The Lompobattang flycatcher ( Ficedula bonthaina ) , also spelt Lompobatang flycatcher , is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae .
The Peruvian martin ( Progne murphyi ) is a species of bird in the family Hirundinidae .
The Palawan hornbill ( Anthracoceros marchei ) , known as Talusi in the Filipino language , is a smallish ( approximately 70 centimetres ( 28 in ) long ) forest - dwelling bird .
The mountain goat ( Oreamnos americanus ) , also known as the Rocky Mountain goat , is a large hoofed mammal endemic to North America .
Keteleeria is a genus of three species of coniferous trees in the family Pinaceae first described as a genus in 1866 .
Jentink 's squirrel ( Sundasciurus jentinki ) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae .
The Guangxi warty newt ( Paramesotriton guanxiensis ) is a species of salamander in the Salamandridae family .
Common dentex ( Dentex dentex ) is a species of Sparidae fish .
The Hawaiian cleaner wrasse ( Labroides phthirophagus ) is a species of wrasse ( genus Labroides ) found in the waters surrounding the Hawaiian Islands .
The Glass 's shrew ( Crocidura glassi ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
The Panay cloudrunner ( Crateromys heaneyi ) is the second - largest cloud rat , a squirrel - like rodent that is found on the island of Panay in the Philippines .
Bigeye chub ( Hybopsis amblops ) is a species of freshwater fish in the carp family ( Cyprinidae ) .
Argythamnia is a genus of plants of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1756 .
It is the only species in the genus Aulorhynchus which is the only genus currently recognized in the family Aulorhynchidae .
Eriocottidae or Old World spiny - winged moths is a family of insects in the Lepidoptera order whose position relative to other members of the superfamily Tineoidea is currently unknown .
Mitredon is an extinct genus of cynodont which existed in Greenland during the upper Triassic period .
Palpifer is a genus of moths of the family Hepialidae .
Burmeisteria is a trilobite in the order Phacopida ( family Homalonotidae ) that existed during the lower Devonian in what is now South Africa .
Plagigeyeria is a genus of very small or minute freshwater snails with an operculum , aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae .
Parathyreinae is a subfamily of fossil beetles in the family Buprestidae , containing the following genera and species :
The Ryukyu robin ( Erithacus komadori ) is a bird endemic to the Ryūkyū Islands , of Japan .
Tremblay 's salamander ( Ambystoma tremblayi ) is a member of the family Ambystomidae from the United States of America and Canada .
Scutellinia is a genus of cup - fungi in the family Pyronemataceae .
The New Zealand sole or common sole , Peltorhamphus novaezeelandiae , is a righteye flounder of the genus Peltorhamphus , found around New Zealand in shallow enclosed waters less than 100 m in depth .
The Pucciniomycetes ( formerly known as the Urediniomycetes ) are a class of fungi in the Pucciniomycotina subdivision of the Basidiomycota .
Miocnus is an extinct genus of giant ground sloths of the family Megalonychidae endemic to Cuba during the Pleistocene epoch through very early Pliocene epoch , living from 1.8 Mya--11,000 years ago , existing for approximately 1.5 million years .
The Kozlov 's accentor or Mongolian accentor ( Prunella koslowi ) is a species of bird in the Prunellidae family .
Lacronia is a genus of Pachylinae ( Arachnida , Opiliones , Gonyleptidae ) , which includes four Brazilian species .
Ilyodes ( junior synonym : Helenodora ) is an extinct genus of Onychophoran known from the Carboniferous period .
Orycteropodidae is recognized as the only family within the order Tubulidentata , so the two are effectively synonyms .
Alleculinae is a subfamily of comb - clawed beetles belonging to the family Tenebrionidae .
Lates microlepis , the Forktail lates , is a species of lates perch endemic to Lake Tanganyika .
The Cryptic anglerfish ( Histiophryne cryptacanthus ) is a frogfish found in waters ranging from Taiwan to South Australia .
The Solomons monarch ( Symposiachrus barbatus ) , also known as the black - and - white monarch , is a species of bird in the Monarchidae family .
Horornis is a genus of small insectivorous songbirds ( `` warblers '' ) which make up the core of the newly recognized family Cettiidae .
The Guanujo stubfoot toad ( Atelopus guanujo ) , known in Spanish as puca sapo , is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae endemic to Ecuador .
The Japanese cormorant ( Phalacrocorax capillatus ) , also known as Temminck 's cormorant , is a cormorant native to East Asia .
The Ascension crake ( Mundia elpenor ) is an extinct flightless bird that previously lived on Ascension Island in the South Atlantic Ocean .
Assadecma madagascariensis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Assadecma .
The genus Caliroa is a group of sawflies in the family Tenthredinidae .
Ommatotriton or Banded Newts is a genus of salamander in the Salamandridae family .
The Stephanidae , sometimes called crown wasps , are a family of parasitoid wasps placed in the superfamily Stephanoidea , which has at least 345 living species in 11 genera .
Achatina is a genus of medium - sized to very large , air - breathing , tropical land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Achatinidae .
Eneida 's coquí ( Eleutherodactylus eneidae ) is a species of coquí , a small variety of frog endemic to the main island of Puerto Rico and its archipelago .
Chlorococcales is an order of green algae in the class Chlorophyceae .
Permosynoidea is a superfamily of Protocoleoptera that contains two known families .
Bernier 's teal ( Anas bernieri ) , also known as Madagascar teal , is a species of duck in the genus Anas .
Severtsov 's loach ( Triplophysa sewerzowi ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Triplophysa .
The Kyphosinae ( rudderfishes ) are a subfamily of the sea chub family Kyphosidae .
The Aldabra brush warbler ( Nesillas aldabrana ) is an extinct bird in the acrocephalid warbler family .
Tetraleucus picticornis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , and it is the only species in the genus Tetraleucus .
Lardoglyphus is a genus of mites in the monotypic family Lardoglyphidae , containing the following species :
Parastreptocephalus is a subgenus of the fairy shrimp genus Streptocephalus , characterised by features of the male antennae and the tetrahedral shape of the eggs .
Tiferonia parva is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Tiferonia .
Roosmalens ' dwarf marmoset ( Callibella humilis or Callithrix ( Calibella ) humilis ) , also known as the black - crowned dwarf marmoset , is a small New World monkey native to the Amazon Rainforest , on the east bank of the lower Madeira River , and the west bank of the Aripuanã River , in Brazil .
Eumerus is a genus of hoverflies ( family Syrphidae ) , within the tribe Eumerini .
Arzecla is a Neotropical butterfly genus in the family Lycaenidae , formerly part of Lamprospilus .
Struthiomimus is a member of the family Ornithomimidae , a group which also includes Anserimimus , Archaeornithomimus , Dromiceiomimus , Gallimimus , Ornithomimus , and Sinornithomimus .
Pyrenaria is a genus of plant in family Theaceae .
The Tico salamander ( Bolitoglossa tica ) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae .
Acanthinula is a genus of minute , air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Valloniidae .
Spbetalikevirus ( synonym SPbeta - like viruses ) is a genus of viruses in the order Caudovirales , in the family Siphoviridae .
Dysoxylum is a flowering plant genus of trees and shrubs , constituting part of the mahogany family ( Meliaceae ) .
Somniosus is a widely distributed genus of deepwater dogfish sharks in the family Somniosidae .
Charn is a fictional city appearing in the 1955 book The Magician 's Nephew , book six in C. S. Lewis 's Chronicles of Narnia , written as a prequel to The Lion , the Witch , and the Wardrobe .
Grendel is one of three antagonists ( along with Grendel 's mother and the dragon ) in the Anglo - Saxon epic poem Beowulf ( AD 700 - -1000 ) .
The Aswamedha Parva of Mahabharata gives account of Vajradatta .
Carly Wicks is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders , played by Kellie Shirley , and by Michaela Stephen in a home movie the Wickses watched on 23 April 2007 .
Apu Nahasapeemapetilon is a cartoon character in the animated television series The Simpsons .
Tony Hills is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders , played by Mark Homer from 7 September 1995 to 15 April 1999 .
Helen Lawson is a fictional character in the novel Valley of the Dolls written by Jacqueline Susann .
Rita Stapleton Bauer is a fictional character from the CBS soap Guiding Light .
The Omnibots were three Transformers Generation 1 toys available only in the United States as exclusive mail order items .
Ramsay Street is the fictional cul - de - sac in which the characters of the Australian soap opera Neighbours live .
In The Transformers animated series , Cliffjumper was part of the original Autobot crew of the Ark. When the Autobots and Decepticons were reawakened , Cliffjumper was given the alternate mode of an Earth car .
Landspeeders first appear in Star Wars Episode IV : A New Hope .
Colleen Carlton is a fictional character from the CBS soap opera The Young and the Restless , last portrayed by Tammin Sursok .
After they escape , Faora and another powerful Kryptonian grunt named Nam - Ek confront Kal - El and the U.S. Military in Smallville , but are defeated when Kal - El manages to break her helmet .
Sheriff of Balboa County Don Lamb is a fictional character played by Michael Muhney on the UPN / The CW television series Veronica Mars , which debuted during the fall 2004 season on UPN .
Éponine Thénardier ( /ˌeɪpoʊˈniːn teɪˌnɑːrdiˈeɪ/ ; French : ( epɔnin tenaʁdje ) ) , also referred to as the `` Jondrette girl '' , is a fictional character in the 1862 novel Les Misérables by Victor Hugo .
Jason Costello ( previously Jasmine Costello ) is a fictional character from the English Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks , played by Victoria Atkin .
Queequeg is a fictional character in the 1851 novel Moby - Dick by American author Herman Melville .
Cobra Commander is a fictional character from the G.I. Joe : A Real American Hero toyline , comic books , and cartoon series .
Amira Masood ( also Shah ) is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders , played by Preeya Kalidas .
Jeffrey King is a fictional character from the recently relaunched soap opera , turned web series One Life to Live ( OLTL ) .
In Tolkien 's The Silmarillion , Voronwë ( pronounced ( vɔˈrɔnwɛ ) ) was a Noldorin Elf from Gondolin .
Maya Sharma is a fictional character that appeared on the UK TV soap opera Coronation Street .
Athkatla first appearead in the tabletop D&D role - playing game , and later featured greatly in the videogame Baldur 's Gate II : Shadows of Amn .
Phoebe Buffay - Hannigan is a fictional character from the NBC sitcom Friends , portrayed by Lisa Kudrow .
El bosque animado ( English : The enchanted forest ) is a 1987 Spanish comedy - fantasy film directed by José Luis Cuerda , based on the eponymous novel written by Wenceslao Fernández Flórez , with a script by Rafael Azcona .
The Clay Pigeon is a 1949 American film noir directed by Richard Fleischer and written by Carl Foreman , based on a true story .
We Faw Down is a 1928 two - reel silent comedy starring Laurel and Hardy and directed by Leo McCarey .
Tih Minh is a 1918 French film serial directed by Louis Feuillade .
Pappa e ciccia ( also known as Two of a Kind ) is a 1983 Italian comedy film directed by Neri Parenti .
Une fille et des fusils is a French film , directed by Claude Lelouch , released in 1964 .
License to Drive is a 1988 teen adventure film written by Neil Tolkin and directed by Greg Beeman in his feature film directorial debut .
Delitto passionale is a 1994 Italian film directed by Flavio Mogherini .
Kirikou and the Men and Women ( French : Kirikou et les Hommes et les Femmes ) is a 2012 CGI animation feature film written and directed by Michel Ocelot .
Exit Smiling is a 1926 comedy film directed by Sam Taylor and starring New York and London revues star Beatrice Lillie in her first ( and only silent ) film role and Jack Pickford , the brother of star Mary Pickford .
Retro Puppet Master ( also known as Retro Puppetmaster ) is a 1999 direct - to - video horror film written by Charles Band , Benjamin Carr and David Schmoeller , and directed by David DeCoteau .
The Conquest of the Pole ( French : À la conquête du pôle ) is a 1912 French silent film directed by and starring Georges Méliès .
Anomalisa is a 2015 American stop - motion drama film directed and produced by Charlie Kaufman and Duke Johnson , and written by Kaufman based on his 2005 play of the same name .
Paying Guest is a 1957 Bollywood film directed by Subodh Mukherjee .
Flightplan is a 2005 German - American mystery - thriller film directed by Robert Schwentke , written by Peter A. Dowling and Billy Ray , and starring Jodie Foster , Peter Sarsgaard , Erika Christensen , Kate Beahan , Greta Scacchi , and Sean Bean .
A Hill on the Dark Side of the Moon ( Swedish : Berget på månens baksida ) is a 1983 Swedish drama film written by Agneta Pleijel and directed by Lennart Hjulström .
Nosferatu the Vampyre is a 1979 West German art house vampire film written and directed by Werner Herzog .
Looking for Richard is a 1996 documentary film directed by Al Pacino .
Madhumati is a 1958 Hindi drama film produced and directed by Bimal Roy , and written by Ritwik Ghatak and Rajinder Singh Bedi .
The Sea Wall ( French : Un barrage contre le Pacifique ) is a 2008 film by Cambodian director Rithy Panh in a French / Cambodian / Belgian co - production .
The Murderer Lives at Number 21 ( French : L'Assassin habite au 21 ) is a 1942 French comedy thriller film by director Henri - Georges Clouzot .
Lake of the Dead ( In Norwegian ; De dødes tjern , also known as Lake of the damned ) is a 1958 Norwegian horror film directed by Kåre Bergstrøm .
Lo squadrone bianco ( Italian for `` The White Squadron '' ) is a 1936 Italian film directed by Augusto Genina .
No Path Through Fire ( Russian : В огне брода нет , translit . V ogne broda net ) is a 1968 Soviet drama film directed by Gleb Panfilov .
Giliap is a 1975 Swedish drama film directed by Roy Andersson , starring Thommy Berggren as a man who takes a job as a waiter at a run - down hotel .
Blissfully Yours ( Thai : สุดเสน่หา S̄ud s̄eǹh̄ā ) is a 2002 Thai romance film directed by Apichatpong Weerasethakul .
La vispa Teresa is a 1943 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Lilia Silvi .
Disco Pigs is a 2001 Irish film directed by Kirsten Sheridan and written by Enda Walsh , who adapted it from his 1996 play of the same name .
La Grande Illusion ( also known as Grand Illusion ) is a 1937 French war film directed by Jean Renoir , who co - wrote the screenplay with Charles Spaak .
La ragazza dal pigiama giallo ( Italian for The Girl in the Yellow Pyjamas ) is a 1977 Italian giallo film directed by Flavio Mogherini , distributed internationally as The Pajama Girl Case .
Dragonball Evolution is a 2009 American adventure fantasy film directed by James Wong .
Cats & Dogs is a 2001 American - Australian family action - comedy film , directed by Lawrence Guterman with screenplay by John Requa and Glenn Ficarra , and stars Jeff Goldblum , Elizabeth Perkins and Alexander Pollock .
Interiors is a 1978 drama film written and directed by Woody Allen .
My Home Is Copacabana ( Swedish : Mitt hem är Copacabana ) is a 1965 Swedish drama film directed by Arne Sucksdorff .
Conquest of the Planet of the Apes is a 1972 science fiction film directed by J. Lee Thompson and written by Paul Dehn .
The Nutcracker in 3D ( released on DVD as The Nutcracker : The Untold Story ) is a 2009 British - Hungarian 3D Christmas fantasy film adaption of the ballet The Nutcracker , directed by Andrei Konchalovsky .
The Godfather is a 1972 American crime drama film directed by Francis Ford Coppola and produced by Albert S. Ruddy from a screenplay by Mario Puzo and Coppola .
How We Robbed the Bank of Italy ( Italian : Come svaligiammo la Banca d'Italia ) is a 1966 Italian crime - comedy film directed by Lucio Fulci .
Chico and Rita is a 2010 adult animated music romantic film with Spanish and English languages directed by Tono Errando , Fernando Trueba and Javier Mariscal .
Written by Noelle Valdivia and directed by Nick Gomez , `` Slack Water '' was watched by 2.15 million viewers , including 0.7 percent of those aged between 18 and 49 in Nielsen ratings , upon its initial broadcast in the United States .
Blood Simple is a 1984 American neo - noir psychological crime thriller film written , edited , produced and directed by Joel and Ethan Coen .
Titicut Follies is a 1967 American documentary film directed by Frederick Wiseman and filmed by John Marshall , about the patient - inmates of Bridgewater State Hospital for the criminally insane , a Massachusetts Correctional Institution in Bridgewater , Massachusetts .
Mr. Holland 's Opus is a 1995 American drama film directed by Stephen Herek , produced by Ted Field , Robert W. Cort , and Michael Nolin , and written by Patrick Sheane Duncan .
Nayakan ( English : The Hero ) , also spelt Nayagan , is a 1987 Indian Tamil crime - drama film written and directed by Mani Ratnam and starring Kamal Haasan .
Northern Skirts ( German : Nordrand ) is a 1999 German - language film directed by Barbara Albert .
Hunting Elephants ( Hebrew : לצוד פילים‎ , Latzud Pilim , lit . To Hunt Elephants ) is a 2013 Israeli crime comedy film directed by Reshef Levi .
The Smile of the Lamb ( Hebrew : חיוך הגדי‎ , translit . Hiuch HaGdi ) is a 1986 Israeli drama film directed by Shimon Dotan .
Fig Leaves is a 1926 American silent comedy film directed by Howard Hawks , released by Fox Film Corporation , and starring George O'Brien and Olive Borden .
Speak to Me of Love ( French : Parlez - moi d'amour ) is a 2002 French drama film written and directed by Sophie Marceau and starring Judith Godrèche , Niels Arestrup , and Anne Le Ny .
The Last Horror Film ( also known as Fanatic ) is a 1982 American horror comedy film directed by David Winters and starring Joe Spinell and Caroline Munro .
The Company Men is an American drama movie , written and directed by John Wells .
Ten Italians for One German ( Italian : Dieci italiani per un tedesco ( Via Rasella ) ) , is a 1962 Italian historical war drama film directed by Filippo Walter Ratti .
Fight Club is a 1999 American film based on the 1996 novel of the same name by Chuck Palahniuk .
Hawaii , Oslo is a 2004 Norwegian drama film , directed by Erik Poppe with a screenplay by Harald Rosenløw Eeg .
The Private Lives of Pippa Lee is a 2009 American drama film written and directed by Rebecca Miller .
Weak Spot ( French : La faille , Italian : La smagliatura , German : Der dritte grad ) is a 1975 French - Italian - German thriller film directed by Peter Fleischmann .
Freak Orlando is a 1981 West German comedy film directed by Ulrike Ottinger and starring Magdalena Montezuma .
Kaadhal Mannan ( English : King of Love ) is a 1998 Tamil romance film directed by Saran , which features Ajith Kumar and Maanu in the lead roles .
La ragazza del prete ( The girlfriend of the priest ) is a 1970 Italian romantic comedy film directed by Domenico Paolella .
Sawdust and Tinsel ( Swedish : Gycklarnas afton ) is a 1953 Swedish drama film directed by Ingmar Bergman .
Goli Soda ( Tamil : கோலி சோடா ; English : Banta ) is a 2014 Indian Tamil film written , directed and filmed by cinematographer - director S.D. Vijay Milton .
Paris When It Sizzles is a 1964 romantic comedy film directed by Richard Quine and produced by Quine and George Axelrod .
Borom Sarret aka The Wagoner ( 1963 ) is the first film by Senegalese director Ousmane Sembène over which he had full control .
My Best Friend 's Wife ( Italian : L'amico del cuore ) is a 1998 Italian comedy film written and directed by Vincenzo Salemme .
Splendori e miserie di Madame Royale ( also known as Madame Royale ) is a 1970 Italian comedy drama film directed by Vittorio Caprioli .
Ditte , Child of Man , ( Danish : Ditte Menneskebarn ) , is a 1946 socio - realistic Danish drama directed by Bjarne Henning - Jensen based on the novel by Martin Andersen Nexø .
The Million Eyes of Sumuru is a 1967 British spy film produced by Harry Alan Towers , directed by Lindsay Shonteff and filmed at the Shaw Brothers studios in Hong Kong .
The Suspicious Death of a Minor ( Italian : Morte sospetta di una minorenne , also known as Too Young to Die ) is a 1975 Italian giallo film directed by Sergio Martino .
The Jokers is a 1967 comedy film written by Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais , and directed by Michael Winner .
The Fashionistas is a 2002 pornographic film directed by John Stagliano and produced by Evil Angel Productions .
Docking the Boat ( Swedish : Att angöra en brygga , or sometimes : To Go Ashore ) is a Swedish dark comedy film from 1965 directed by Tage Danielsson .
Teknolust is a 2002 film produced , written , and directed by Lynn Hershman Leeson who , at the time of production , was working in the art department at University of California , Davis .
Legally Blonde is a 2001 American comedy film directed by Robert Luketic , written by Karen McCullah Lutz and Kirsten Smith , and produced by Marc E. Platt .
The Bachelor Party is a 1953 teleplay by Paddy Chayefsky which was adapted by Chayefsky for a 1957 film .
La Bestia y la Espada Magica ( The Beast and the Magic Sword ) is a 1983 Spanish / Japanese horror film that is the tenth in a long series about the werewolf Count Waldemar Daninsky , played by Paul Naschy .
Three from Prostokvashino ( Russian : Трое из Простоквашино , tr . Troye iz Prostokvashino ) is a 1978 Soviet animated film based on the children 's book Uncle Fedya , His Dog , and His Cat by Eduard Uspensky .
Heja Roland ! is a 1966 Swedish comedy film directed by Bo Widerberg .
From Hand to Mouth is a 1919 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd .
Clan of the White Lotus is a 1980 Shaw Brothers kung fu film directed by Lo Lieh , with action choreography by Lau Kar Leung , and starring Lo Lieh and Gordon Liu .
The Goalkeeper 's Fear of the Penalty ( German : Die Angst des Tormanns beim Elfmeter ) is a 1972 German - language drama film directed by Wim Wenders .
Byhåla ( a derogative slang term for a boring village ) is a comedy series featuring Ronny and Ragge , played by Fredde Granberg and Peter Settman .
The New York Ripper ( Italian : Lo squartatore di New York ) is a 1982 Italian giallo film directed and co - written by Lucio Fulci .
`` Trilogy of Error '' was directed by Mike B. Anderson and written by Matt Selman .
The film was written by Ken Friedman , and adapted from the novel The Three Worlds of Johnny Handsome by John Godey .
The Color of Paradise ( Persian : رنگ خدا , Rang - e Khodā , literally The Color of God ) , is a 1999 Iranian film directed by Majid Majidi .
Incantato ( Italian : Il cuore altrove , also known as The Heart Is Elsewhere or The Heart Is Everywhere ) is a 2003 Italian drama film directed by Pupi Avati .
Don Juan , or If Don Juan Were a Woman ( French : Don Juan ou Si Don Juan était une femme ... ) is a 1973 French - Italian drama film by Roger Vadim .
La poliziotta della squadra del buon costume ( internationally released as A Policewoman on the Porno Squad ) is a 1979 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini .
Mother Küsters ' Trip to Heaven ( German : Mutter Küsters ' Fahrt zum Himmel ) is a 1975 German film written and directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder .
Killer of Sheep is a 1978 American drama film written , directed , produced , and shot by Charles Burnett .
The Devil Has Seven Faces ( Italian : Il diavolo a sette facce , also known as The Devil with Seven Faces ) is a 1971 Italian giallo film directed by Osvaldo Civirani .
The Green Butchers ( Danish : De grønne slagtere ) is a 2003 Danish film starring Mads Mikkelsen , Nikolaj Lie Kaas , and Line Kruse , written and directed by Anders Thomas Jensen .
A Society Sensation is a 1918 American silent comedy - drama film starring Carmel Myers and Rudolph Valentino ( credited as Rudolpho De Valentina ) , directed by Paul Powell and released by Universal Pictures under the name Bluebird Photoplays .
Satu Karoliina Lundahl ( born June 30 , 1968 in Helsinki ) is a retired female weightlifter from Finland , who was nicknamed `` Kartsi '' during her career .
Bill Smart ( William Smart ; born June 5 , 1948 in Vancouver , British Columbia ) is a retired male middle distance runner from Canada , who represented his native country at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich , West Germany .
When female boxer Alex Love heard the news that women 's boxing was now an Olympic sport she put everything on hold , her job and college , to devote herself entirely to training for the Olympics .
Cora Dow ( 1868 - -1915 ) was a pharmacist in Cincinnati , Ohio , the leading female pharmacist of her time , with eleven stores under her name when she died .
Killing Me Softly- Todesarten is a series of ten photographs depicting the suicides of ten female artists , with Claudia Reinhardt as the model for all of them .
Sobekneferu was the first known female Pharaoh for which there is confirmed proof , although Nitocris may have ruled in the Sixth Dynasty , and there are five other women who are believed to have ruled as early as the First Dynasty .
Ernesto Aguero Shell ( born October 1 , 1969 ) is a retired male weightlifter from Cuba .
Paul Ruiz ( born 21 September 1962 ) is a retired male shot putter from Cuba .
Bernard Boursicot ( born 1944 ) is a French diplomat who was caught in a honeypot trap ( seducing him to participate in Chinese espionage ) , by Shi Pei Pu , a male Peking opera singer who performed female roles , whom Boursicot believed to be female .
Amina Desai ( c. 1920 - 10 June 2009 ) was South Africa 's longest serving female Indian political prisoner .
Nienna was the only Vala of female appearance who was not married , similarly to Ulmo among the male counterparts .
Willy Kan Wai - yue ( 簡慧榆 ) ( June 17 , 1978 -- March 21 , 1999 ) , was a popular and promising female apprentice jockey from Hong Kong , who rode to no fewer than 17 victories in her short career ( 1997 - -1999 ) .
Jarmila Klimešová ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈjarmɪla ˈklɪmɛʃovaː ) , born 9 February 1981 in Šumperk ) is a female javelin thrower from the Czech Republic .
Mario Carulla Schultz ( born October 26 , 1971 ) is a retired male badminton player from Peru , who won the bronze medal in the men 's singles competition and another bronze medal in mixed with Adrienn Kocsis at the 1999 Pan American Games in Winnipeg , Canada .
Eivor Mona - Lisa Pursiainen ( née Strandvall ; 21 June 1951 , Kronoby -- 7 August 2000 ) was a Finnish female sprinter , who was especially successful in 1973 - -1974 .
Olga Dvirna ( born February 11 , 1953 ) is a retired female middle distance runner who represented the Soviet Union in the late 1970s and early 1980s .
Almas Akram ( Urdu : الماس اکرم‎ ) ( born 15 April 1988 ) is a female Pakistani cricketer from Nankana Sahib .
Ute Wetzig ( born April 11 , 1971 in Halle an der Saale , Sachsen - Anhalt ) is a female diver from Germany , who won a gold , a silver and a bronze medal in the women 's 10 m platform event at the European Championships in the early 1990s .
Seneb is also not shown carrying out typical male activities such as hunting , which was presumably impractical for someone of his stature , although one relief shows him pulling on papyrus reeds to guide his boat through the marshes of the Nile Delta .
Tan Sri Datuk Rafiah Salim ( born in Kuala Krai , Kelantan , Malaysia ) was the first female Vice - Chancellor in Malaysia , posted to Universiti Malaya since 1 May 2006 .
Nathalia Alfaro Paniagua ( born April 8 , 1987 in Heredia ) is a female beach volleyball player from Costa Rica , who played in the Swatch FIVB World Tour 2005 at the Acapulco step , playing with Ingrid Morales .
Bas Noir was an American female vocal house - music group from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Paula Renata Marques Pequeno , better known as Paula Pequeno ( born January 22 , 1982 ) , is a female two - time Olympic gold medal winning volleyball player from Brazil .
Eleni Teloni ( Greek : Ελένη Τελώνη ; born December 16 , 1964 in Limassol ) is a retired female hammer thrower from Cyprus .
Song Deokbong was a Korean female poet of the mid Joseon dynasty .
Malinee Kongtan ( Thai : มาลินี คงทัน , born 9 November 1973 ) is a retired Thai female volleyball player .
Indira Kastratović , née Jakupović ( Macedonian : Индира Кастратовиќ ; born 2 October 1970 ) is one of the best Macedonian female handball players in history and one of the best right backs in the world .
Steinunn Finnsdóttir ( c. 1640 -- c. 1710 ) was the first known Icelandic female writer to leave a substantial body of poetry , that was noted for her major works which includes two rímur cycles :
Christian Bernier ( born November 20 , 1981 in Sudbury , Ontario ) is a male volleyball player from Canada , who competed for the Men 's National Team .
Delphine Horvilleur ( born 1974 ) is France 's third female rabbi , and ( as of 2012 ) editor - in - Chief of the quarterly Jewish magazine Revue de pensée(s ) juive(s ) Tenou'a .
Iliyana Gocheva ( Bulgarian : Илияна Гочева ) ( born 11 February 1976 ) is a retired Bulgarian female volleyball player .
Sandra Rabier ( born March 1 , 1985 ) is a female rugby union player and represents France .
On 11 August 2007 Sahlene began an extended run in the female lead in the musical Footloose at in Gothenburg : the show moved to Stockholm on 20 February 2008 .
On the morning of March 29 , 2011 , riot police accompanied by female police officers with orders to detain Ayat Al - Qurmezi forced their way into the family home .
Lucy O'Sullivan ( born 27 September 1990 in Poole ) is a female British compound archer .
Warren Harvey is a male model and body builder with the grand title of Mister England 2006 .
Ashley McGregor ( born March 1 , 1993 in Pointe - Claire , Quebec ) is a female swimmer from Canada , who mostly competes in the breaststroke events .
Gülcan Mıngır ( pronounced ( ˈɟyldʒan ˈmɯnɡɯɾ ) ; born May 21 , 1989 in Döğer , İhsaniye , Afyonkarahisar Province , Turkey ) is a Turkish female middle distance runner specialized in 3000 m steeplechase .
Sharaya Howell , better known by her stage name Sharaya J , is a Hawaiian - born American female rapper and choreographer .
Bibhu Bhattacharya ( 17 September 1944 -- 22 September 2011 ) was a Bengali Indian male actor of TV and films .
Nesrin Nas ( born 1958 ) is a Turkish female academic in economics , politician and the former leader of the Motherland Party ( Anavatan Partisi , ANAP ) .
Fond du Lac County Jane Doe , also known as `` Jane Fond du Lac Doe '' , is an unidentified female discovered on November 23 , 2008 in Ashford , Fond du Lac County , Wisconsin .
Hélène Lê Thị Liên , popularly known as Ái Liên ( Hải Phòng 1918/1920 - 1991 ) was a Vietnamese cải lương actress and female singer .
Yeliz Başa ( born Yeliz Askan on August 13 , 1987 in Beykoz , Istanbul , Turkey ) is a Turkish female volleyball player , who won the gold medal at the 2014 Women 's European Volleyball League playing with the Turkey women 's national volleyball team .
Noah Miller ( born May 5 , 1980 in Regina , Saskatchewan ) is a male water polo player from Canada who currently resides in the community of Bowness in Calgary , Alberta .
Jan Youren ( born 1942 or 1943 in Boise , Idaho ) is a female rodeo rider .
Fatima Abou Gahas ( Arabic : فاطمة علي ابو قحاص‎ , Fāṭimah Abu ' alī qaḥāṣ ) was a famous female Saudi artist from ' Asir Province .
It is commonly believed that Leung Jan started learning under Leung Yee - Tai , a Mo Deng performer ( male dressed as female)/poler , apprenticing on the Red Boats from the 1840s to 1850s , up until his father 's death , whereupon he left to run the family pharmacy .
Virginia Christian ( 15 August 1895 -- 16 August 1912 ) was the first female criminal executed in the 20th century in the state of Virginia , and a juvenile offender executed in the United States .
Maider Unda González de Audicana ( born on 2 July 1977 in Vitoria ) is a Basque female freestyle wrestler .
Anu Nieminen ( née Weckström on December 16 , 1977 in Helsinki ) is a female badminton player from Finland .
Mubarak Dahi Waleed ( Arabic : مبارك ضاحي‎ , born 1 April 1991 ) is a Qatari male volleyball player .
Lucilla Andreucci ( born December 19 , 1969 in Rome ) is a former female long - distance runner from Italy .
Zhang Hanlan ( born 1979 - 07 - 19 in Shenyang , Liaoning ) is a female Chinese basketball player who was part of the team that won the gold medal at the 2002 Asian Games .
In May 1900 , Belle Golding became the first female inspector of public schools in Australia .
As noted historian Jill Lepore reports in her compelling book The Secret History of Wonder Woman Ethel Byrne was the first female political prisoner in the United States to be subjected to force feeding .
Well ahead of the huge interest in female nude photography which was to take off in the 1920s , Mary Willumsen 's photographs from 1916 to 1920 , though carefully posed , appear far more spontaneous than earlier work .
Oksana Andrusina - Mert , née Oksana Andrusina ( Russian : Оксана Андруcина ) , ( born March 26 , 1973 ) , aka Oksana Mert or formerly Aksel Mert , is a Turkish female discus thrower of Russian origin .
Celia Castro ( 1860 , Valparaíso - 19 June 1930 , Valparaíso ) was the first professional female artist in Chile .
Zhang Beiwen ( 张蓓雯 ) ( born 12 July 1990 in Liaoning ) is a female professional badminton player who is a singles specialist .
Linda McDonald is the drummer of the all - female tribute band The Iron Maidens ( billed as the `` World 's Only Female Tribute to Iron Maiden '' ) .
Buttree Puedpong ( Thai : บุตรี เผือดผ่อง ; rtgs : Buttri Phueatphong ; born October 16 , 1990 ; nicknamed Song which means `` two '' ) is a female Thai Taekwondo practitioner who competes at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the -49 kg class .
Anna Miros ( née Podolec ) ( born 30 October 1985 ) is a female Polish volleyball player , a member of Poland women 's national volleyball team and Polish club Atom Trefl Sopot , European Champion 2003 .
Liu Songbo ( Chinese : 刘松博 ; born 1 April 1993 in Jilin ) is a Chinese male short track speed skater .
Elvira Notari ( February 10 , 1875 in Salerno -- December 17 , 1946 in Cava de ' Tirreni ) , Italy 's earliest and most prolific female filmmaker , made over sixty feature films and about a hundred documentaries .
Yin Na ( Chinese : 殷娜 ; pinyin : Yīn Nà ; born 3 February 1988 in Tianjin ) is a female Chinese volleyball player .
Hu Yulan is a former female table tennis player from China .
Dorothea Kalpakidou ( Greek : Δωροθέα Καλπακίδου ; born September 21 , 1983 in Serres ) is a female Greek discus thrower .
Cmiljka Kalušević , ( Serbian Cyrillic : Цмиљка Калушевић ; April 9 , 1933 in Tarragona , Spain - 1989 in Belgrade , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a former Yugoslav and Serbian female basketball player and athlete .
Ruth Hamilton ( April 21 , 1898 -- January 18 , 2008 ) was an American politician and one of America 's first female radio talk show hosts .
Adrian O'Connor ( born January 11 , 1972 ) is a retired male backstroke swimmer from Ireland .
The Girl of the Uchter Moor also known as Moora is the name given to the female Iron Age bog body remains , discovered in 2000 in the marshland near Uchte , Germany .
Dorothy Schwieder became the first female appointed professor within the Department of History .
Doreen Amata ( born May 6 , 1988 in Lagos , Nigeria ) is a female track and field athlete from Nigeria who specialises in the high jump event .
Paul Narracott ( born 8 October 1959 ) was the first Australian sportsperson ( and only male ) to have represented Australia at both a Summer ( Los Angeles , 1984 ) and Winter Olympics , Albertville , 1992 ) .
Marjorie Pickthall `` stood as proof in the eyes of the next generation of female poets that women could indeed earn the respect and attention of a literary establishment dominated by men . ''
Gabriele Ferzetti repeats and develops his role from Le Amiche of the inadequate male / artist '' .
Melike Mama Hatun , or simply Mama Hatun , was a female ruler of the Saltukid dynasty , with its capital in Erzurum , for an estimated nine years between 1191 to 1200 .
Barbara Brandon - Croft ( born November 27 , 1958 ) is an American cartoonist , best known for creating the comic strip , Where I 'm Coming From , and for being the first nationally syndicated African - American female cartoonist .
China Krys Darrington ( born October 9 , 1970 in North Hampton , Ohio as Krystin Lou Dauchy ) is the first sponsored female Freestyle BMX rider .
Panayiotis Simopoulos ( Greek : Παναγιώτης Σιμόπουλος ) is one of Greece 's top male fashion models .
Sanja Damnjanović ( born 25 May 1987 ) is a Serbian female handballer who plays for the Macedonian club ŽRK Vardar and the Serbian national team .
Dong Le'an ( simplified Chinese : 董乐安 ; traditional Chinese : 董樂安 ; pinyin : Dǒng Lèān ; born January 28 , 1982 in Hunan ) is a female Chinese modern pentathlete who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Lynda Barnes ( born Lynda Norry on October 7 , 1967 in the United States of America ) , is one of the world 's leading female Ten - pin bowlers .
Dr. Fanny Jane Butler ( 1850 - 1889 ) was a medical missionary from England who was among the first female doctors to travel to India and the first fully trained doctor from England to do so .
Baymax is an artificial synthformer capable of synthtransing his body into various forms : a large humanoid male , `` Battle - Dragon '' and `` Action - Mecha '' .
Judie Bamber creates representational paintings and drawings based on photographic sources ranging from images of female genitalia to seascapes .
Mimí Derba ( 1888 or 1893 - -1953 ) was a Mexican actress and the first female director in Mexico .
Dharmadasa Walpola ( Sinhala:ධර්මදාස වල්පොල ) ( 1927 - -1983 ) was the most prominent Sri Lankan male playback singer of the 1950s and 1960s .
Jorge Reyna ( born 10 January 1963 ) is a retired male triple jumper from Cuba who won a silver medal at the 1989 World Indoor Championships in Budapest .
Kim Kyungah ( born May 25 , 1977 in Daejeon , South Korea ) is a female South Korean table tennis player .
Hülya Şahin , aka Julia `` Sunshine '' Sahin , ( born February 23 , 1974 in Siegen , Germany ) is a Turkish professional female boxer with German passport .
Liang Caixia ( Chinese : 梁彩霞 ; pinyin : Liáng Cǎixiá ; Cantonese Yale : Leung4 Choi2 Ha4 ; born September 20 , 1981 in Xinhui , Jiangmen , Guangdong ) is a female Chinese modern pentathlete who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Kéné Ndoye ( born November 20 , 1978 ) is a female track and field athlete , competing internationally for Senegal .
Agnieszka Pogroszewska ( born February 20 , 1977 ) is a retired female hammer thrower from Poland .
Christian Maclagan ( 1811 - -10 May 1901 ) was a Scottish antiquary and probably the first female archaeologist in Great Britain .
Natalie Grainger ( born 8 July 1977 ) , also known for a period by her former married name Natalie Pohrer , is a professional female squash player .
Una Prentice ( 1913 - -1986 ) was one of the first female lawyers in Australia .
Muzi Mei ( 木子美 Mùzǐ Měi ) or Mu Zimei or Mu Zi Mei or Muzimei ( born 1978 ) is the nom de plume ( pen name ) of a female journalist and blogger from Guangzhou , People 's Republic of China , who became a widely known blogger in China in late 2003 .
Shan Danna ( simplified Chinese : 单丹娜 ; traditional Chinese : 單丹娜 ; pinyin : Shān Dānnà ; born 8 October 1991 in Zhejiang ) is a female Chinese volleyball player .
Olena Zhupina ( Ukrainian : Олена Жупіна ; born August 23 , 1973 in Zaporizhzhia ) is a female diver from Ukraine who won the bronze medal with Ganna Sorokina in the Women 's 3 m Synchronized Springboard competition at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney , Australia .
Ianeta Hutchinson ( born 11 October 1992 ) is a female former water polo goalkeeper from New Zealand .
Kellie Suttle ( born May 9 , 1973 in Saint Peters , Missouri ) is a retired female track and field athlete from the United States , who competed in the pole vault event .
Tara Deodhar is a female badminton player from India .
İpek Kaya ( born October 28 , 1994 ) is a Turkish - French female football defender currently playing in the French league of Division 1 Féminine for ASJ Soyaux - Charente with jersey number 28 .
Chandrayee Ghosh ( Bengali : চান্দ্রেয়ী ঘোষ ) ( sometimes spelled Chandreye Ghosh or Chandreyi Ghosh ) is a Bengali Indian female model and TV and film actress .
Anke Kühne , née Kühn ( born 28 February 1981 in Hanover ) , is a female field hockey player from Germany , who played for the German national team and won the gold medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece .
Mira Golubović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мира Голубовић ; born October 15 , 1976 in Metković , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a retired female professional volleyball player from Serbia .
Upon discovering that they were legally male , Ronaldo offered them $ 600 to leave .
Florența Mihai ( Romanian pronunciation : ( floˈrent͡sa miˈhaj ) ; 2 September 1955 -- 14 October 2015 ) was a female tennis player from Romania .
Vicki Williams is a retired female professional wrestler .
Leki ( born January 28 , 1978 ; Kinshasa , Congo ) is the first female urban / R&B - pop star to rise out of Belgium .
In 2005 , a study led by a researcher at the British Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute suggested that Giocangga might be a direct male - line ancestor of over 1.5 million men , mostly in northeastern China .
Ursula Thiess ( May 15 , 1924 -- June 19 , 2010 ) was a German film actress who had a brief Hollywood career in the 1950s Thiess began her career on the stage in her native Germany and by dubbing female voices in American films as Ursula Schmidt .
Aleksandra Pileva Cadiev is an entertainer who is one of the most popular female rock musicians in the Republic of Macedonia .
According to Jocelyn Wogan - Browne , `` more medieval vernacular lives ( about Æthelthryth ) were composed in England than any other native female saint '' .
Gao Xinglong ( born 12 March 1994 ) is a Chinese male track and field athlete who competes in the long jump .
Lavina Washines ( April 1 , 1940 -- June 2 , 2011 ) was the first female leader of the Yakama Nation , Washington , United States .
Jesper Garnell ( born 22 April 1958 in Dalum , Odense ) is a retired male lightweight boxer from Denmark , who represented his native country at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow , Soviet Union .
Hamerschlag Hall , the home of the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering , as well as Hamerschlag House , an all - male Freshman dorm , at Carnegie Mellon are named after Arthur Hamerschlag .
Hernán Oscar Cortínez ( born August 4 , 1973 in Morón ) is a male marathon runner from Argentina , who is a two - time winner of the Buenos Aires Marathon in his native country ( 2003 and 2004 ) .
Aizhan Akilbayeva ( born 13 September 1991 ) is a female water polo player of Kazakhstan .
Yoshiteru Morishita ( Japanese : 森下由輝 ; born May 26 , 1971 ) is a retired male long - distance runner from Japan who mainly competed in the marathon race during his career .
Tamara Poliakova also written as Tamara Poljakowa or Tamara Polyakova ( born 27 August 1960 ) is a retired Soviet Union and later Ukrainian female road and track cyclist .
Empress Xiaoquancheng ( 24 March 1808 -- 13 February 1840 ) was the third official spouse and second Empress Consort of the Daoguang Emperor of the Qing Dynasty .
Lugalbanda appears in Sumerian literary sources as early as the mid-3rd millennium , as attested by a mythological text from Abu Salabikh that describes a romantic relationship between Lugalbanda and Ninsun .
Manini Mishra is married to actor Mihir Mishra , who has appeared as Dr Rahul in the popular serial Sanjivani ( TV series ) .
Kim Young - sook ( Hangul : 김영숙 ; hanja : 金英淑 , born 1947 ) was the first wife of Kim Jong - il .
In Islamic tradition , Eve is known as Adam 's wife although she is not specifically named in the Qur'an .
Frances Anne Spencer - Churchill , Duchess of Marlborough VA ( 15 April 1822 -- 16 April 1899 ) was an English noblewoman , the wife of British peer and statesman John Spencer - Churchill , 7th Duke of Marlborough .
Michael Pflug is the widower of German - born Canadian artist , Christiane Pflug .
Tsendiin Dondogdulam ( 1876 - -1923 ) was the queen consort of Mongolia , married to Bogd Khan .
In 1928 , Shukri al - Quwatli married Bahira al - Dalati , the 19-year - old daughter of nationalist Said al - Dalati , whom Quwatli met while in jail in 1916 .
Whakaawi ( Maori pronunciation : ( ɸakaaːwi ) ) was a Māori woman of high birth in both the Ngāti Te Wehi tribe and Ngāti Mahuta tribe , who was the senior wife of the chief Pōtatau Te Wherowhero , who died in 1860 .
Eddie Albert 's wife , the Mexican actress Margo , was well known in Hollywood for her far - left political leanings .
Empress Xiaogongren ( Manchu : Hiyoošungga Gungnecuke Gosin Hūwangheo ; 1660 - -1723 ) was a consort of the Kangxi Emperor of the Qing Dynasty .
Esther Edwards Burr ( February 13 , 1732 in Northampton , Massachusetts - April 7 , 1758 in Princeton , New Jersey ) was the mother of U.S. Vice President Aaron Burr , Jr. and the wife of Princeton University President Aaron Burr , Sr . whom she married in 1752 .
Elizabeth of Pomerania ( c. 1347 -- 15 April 1393 ) was the fourth and final wife of Charles IV , Holy Roman Emperor and king of Bohemia .
Elizabeth Wilmot , Countess of Rochester ( 1651 -- 20 August 1681 ) was an English heiress and the wife of John Wilmot , 2nd Earl of Rochester , the `` libertine . ''
Anna Komorowska ( born 11 May 1953 ) , is a Polish Classical philologist , the First Lady of Poland and the wife of the President of Poland , Bronisław Komorowski .
Camille Doncieux ( 15 January 1847 -- 5 September 1879 ) was the first wife of French painter Claude Monet .
Kristiani Herrawati ( also Mdm . Ani Yudhoyono , born 6 July 1952 ) is the wife of former Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono and First Lady of Indonesia from 2004 until 2014
Arminius had married a princess named Thusnelda , whose name is preserved only by Strabo .
Rose Edith Kelly ( 23 July 1874 -- 1932 ) married noted author , magician and occultist Aleister Crowley in 1903 .
Mahalath ( Hebrew מָחֲלַת , meaning either `` sickness '' , `` a company of dancers '' or `` a harp '' ) was the third mentioned wife of Esau , a daughter of Ishmael and sister of Nebajoth .
Arvedui married Fíriel , daughter of King Ondoher of Gondor , who was killed in 1944 .
Ingrid Ragnvaldsdotter ( Old Norse : Ingiríðr Rögnvaldsdóttir ) ( 1100/1110 -- after 1161 AD ) was born a member of the Swedish royal family , became a member of Danish royalty by marriage and later was Queen consort of Norway as the spouse of Harald IV of Norway .
Sun Nan has 4 children which 3 of them are from his ex - wife ( Mai Hongmei ) , they have a big conflict in the custody of their children , and the lawsuit is still going on .
Elizabeth Grey , Countess of Kent ( née Lady Elizabeth Talbot ) ( 1582 -- 7 December 1651 ) was the wife of Henry Grey , 8th Earl of Kent .
Clive Holden is a Canadian new media artist , filmmaker and poet from Victoria , British Columbia , he is currently living in Toronto with his wife , writer Alissa York .
Fawzia Fuad of Egypt ( Arabic : الأميرة فوزية فؤاد‎ , Persian : شاهدخت فوزیه فؤاد‎‎ ; 5 November 1921 -- 2 July 2013 ) was an Egyptian princess who became Queen of Iran as the first wife of Mohammad Reza Pahlavi .
The painter Eleni Paschalidou - Zongolopoulou , wife of the sculptor George Zongolopoulos , was born at Modi , Asia Minor in 1909 .
Börte ( simply Borte , also Börte Üjin ; Cyrillic : Бөртэ үжин ; c. 1161 - -1230 ) was the first wife of Temüjin , who became Genghis Khan , the founder of the Mongol Empire .
Over a period of time , he gradually assumed the persona of Robert Capa ( with the help of his girlfriend Gerda Taro , who acted as an intermediary with those who purchased the photos taken by the `` great American photographer , Robert Capa '' ) .
On April 26 , 2013 Aga Khan IV announced the engagement of Prince Rahim Aga Khan , to Kendra Spears .
Barangaroo was the second wife of Bennelong , who was interlocutor between the Aboriginal people and the early British colonists in New South Wales .
This project was also the occasion for Skalp to introduce a new voice , Indila , that he presented during Vitaa 's Planète Rap ( first hip hop radio show in France ) promo as an artist that he and his team developed .
