HD 38529 b is an extrasolar planet approximately 138 light years away in the constellation of Orion .
Massimiano Bucchi ( born Arezzo , 15 May 1970 ) is an Italian sociologist and a scholar of the relationships among science , technology and society .
Synogać ( sɨˈnɔɡat͡ɕ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Green Lake Airport ( FAA LID : Y88 ) is a public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) south of the central business district of Interlochen , a community in Green Lake Township , Grand Traverse County , Michigan , United States .
Eastern Hill Fire Station is the central fire station of Melbourne , Australia , located in on the corner of Victoria Parade and Gisborne Street , opposite St Peter 's , Eastern Hill , one of the highest points in the city of Melbourne .
The Scioto Ordnance Plant ( SOP ) was an ammunitions and bomb making facility built in Marion County , Ohio by the United States Army in 1942 .
The Holt Lock and Dam is a lock built on the Black Warrior River near Holt , Alabama in Tuscaloosa County .
Washington Square Methodist Episcopal Church was a former Methodist church located at 135 West Fourth Street , Greenwich Village , Manhattan , New York .
The Maggie L. Walker Governor 's School for Government and International Studies ( MLWGSGIS ) is a public regional magnet high school in Richmond , Virginia .
Lebiedzie - Kolonia ( lɛˈbjɛd͡ʑɛ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sterdyń , within Sokołów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
In 2007 a study has named the Kirchgasse the second most expensive street for retail property in Hesse , after the Zeil in Frankfurt am Main .
Eshkanuiyeh - ye Olya ( Persian : اشكنوئيه عليا‎ , also Romanized as Eshkanū’īyeh - ye `` Olyā ; also known as Eshkanū’īyeh and Ishkanu ) is a village in Hanza Rural District , Hanza District , Rabor County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 78 , in 13 families .
Trinity Preparatory School of Florida is an independent college preparatory day - school for students in grades 6 to 12 , located in Winter Park , a suburb of Orlando .
Qareh Beyk ( Persian : قره بيك‎ ) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District , Zeberkhan District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Huangzhou District ( simplified Chinese : 黄州区 ; traditional Chinese : 黃州區 ; pinyin : Huángzhōu Qū ) is a district of the city of Huanggang , Hubei province , People 's Republic of China .
Altorf ( German : Altdorf ) is a French commune in the Bas - Rhin department in the Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine region of northeastern France .
Dudhpokhari(दूधपोखरी ) is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern - central Nepal . The name Dudhpokhari is derived from the lake which lies in the base of Himalchuli .
St. Louis Downtown Airport ( IATA : CPS , ICAO : KCPS , FAA LID : CPS ) is a public - use airport located in Greater St. Louis , one mile ( 2 km ) east of the central business district of Cahokia , in St. Clair County , Illinois , United States .
Beginning in the late 1960s , this opening idea was also promoted by Pal Benko , a Hungarian - American Grandmaster , who provided many new suggestions and published his book The Benko Gambit in 1974 .
Strawberry Cliff is a 2011 Hong Kong thriller film written and directed by Chris Chow , who has participated in writing scripts for films such as Fearless and Blood :
