constellation	Tau Tauri (τ Tau, τ Tauri) is a triple star system in the constellation Taurus.	Tau Tauri	Taurus
languages spoken or written	Božena Komárková (January 28, 1903 -- January 27, 1997) was Czech philosopher and theologian.	Božena Komárková	Czech
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podimattom is a small village located at Kanjirappally Taluk, Kottayam district, Kerala, India.	Podimattom	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adiv Chaliv (Persian: اديوچاليو‎, also Romanized as Ādīv Chālīv) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Adiv Chaliv	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mysliboř (Czech pronunciation: (ˈmɪslɪbor̝̊)) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Mysliboř	Jihlava District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darkapey (Persian: دركاپي‎, also Romanized as Darkāpey) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Darkapey	Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cunninghamhead is a hamlet on the Annick Water in the Parish of Dreghorn, North Ayrshire, Scotland.	Cunninghamhead	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arabellapark is a residential and commercial area in the Bogenhausen district of Munich, Germany, which was developed with the construction of multiple buildings from 1965 to 1998.	Arabellapark	Munich
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Galleria at Fort Lauderdale is an upscale shopping mall in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.	The Galleria at Fort Lauderdale	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pęciszów (pɛnˈt͡ɕiʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawonia, within Trzebnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Pęciszów	Gmina Zawonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tol-e Gavmishi (Persian: تل گاوميشي‎, also Romanized as Tol-e Gāvmīshī; also known as Bāqerābād, Gāvmīsh, and Tal-e Gāvmīsh) is a village in Hamaijan Rural District, Hamaijan District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tol-e Gavmishi	Hamaijan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Staylittle (Welsh: Penffordd las), sometimes referred to colloquially as Y Stay or Y Stae, is a small village set in the shallow upland basin of the Afon Clywedog on the B4518 road, equidistant from Llanidloes and Llanbrynmair in the county of Powys, Wales.	Staylittle	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llinars del Vallès is a village and a municipality in the comarca of Vallès Oriental in the province of Barcelona and autonomous community of Catalonia, Spain.	Llinars del Vallès	Vallès Oriental
named after	Belaya Rus (Belarusian for ``White Russia''; Cyrillic: ``Белая Русь'') is a Belarusian public association founded on 17 November 2007 to support President Alexander Lukashenko.	Belaya Rus	White Russia
narrative location	Location filming for Billion Dollar Brain took place in Helsinki and other parts of Finland, including Turku.	Billion Dollar Brain	Finland
participant of	Doriva played for the Brazil national football team between 1995 and 1998, making a brief substitute appearance in the 1998 FIFA World Cup in which Brazil finished as runners-up.	Doriva	1998 FIFA World Cup
publication date	Ikland is a 2011 documentary film about a journey into the mountains of northern Uganda near the Kenyan border and a visit with the notorious Ik people.	Ikland	2011
publication date	Night Fairy (Hangul: 밤의 요정; RR: Bam ui yujeong) is a 1986 South Korean film directed by Nam Ki-nam.	Night Fairy	1986
publisher	Rise of the Kasai is an action game developed by BottleRocket Entertainment and published by Sony Computer Entertainment America for the PlayStation 2.	Rise of the Kasai	Sony Computer Entertainment
sex or gender	Liesbet Vindevoghel (born 29 December 1979) is a Belgian female former volleyball player, playing as a outside-spiker.	Liesbet Vindevoghel	female
