In the Night Room is a 2004 horror - thriller novel by American author Peter Straub and a sequel to his 2003 book Lost Boy , Lost Girl .
The Elephant Calf ( Das Elefantenkalb ) , also known as The Baby Elephant , is an early one - act surrealistic prose farce written by the German modernist playwright Bertolt Brecht .
The Wedding of Zein ( Arabic : عرس الزين ) is a contemporary Arabic novel written in 1969 by late Sudanese author Tayeb Salih .
Marked by Fire ( 1982 ) is a novel by Joyce Carol Thomas .
Sjöwall and Wahlöö , during the 1960s and 1970s , conceived and wrote a series of ten novels ( police procedurals ) about the exploits of detectives from the special homicide commission of the Swedish national police in which the character of Martin Beck was the protagonist .
The Universe Versus Alex Woods ( 2013 ) is the debut novel by Gavin Extence .
The Road of Winds ( a.k.a . Gobi Notes ) is a non - fiction book by Ivan Yefremov about his three years ' travel in Mongolia ( 1946 - -1949 ) when he was the head of the Joint Soviet - Mongolian Paleontology Expedition .
Published in 1921 , Memoirs of a Midget is a surrealistic novel , told in the first person , by English poet , anthologist , and short story writer Walter de la Mare , best known for his tales of the uncanny and poetry for children .
Personal Recollections of Joan of Arc , by the Sieur Louis de Conte is an 1896 novel by Mark Twain that recounts the life of Joan of Arc .
The Penguin Dictionary of Curious and Interesting Numbers is a reference book for recreational mathematics and elementary number theory written by David Wells .
Wings of Wrath ( ISBN 0756405351 ) is a fantasy novel by Celia S. Friedman .
That Eye , the Sky is a 1986 novel by award - winning Australian author Tim Winton .
Teacher Man is a 2005 memoir written by Frank McCourt which describes and reflects on his teaching experiences in New York high schools and colleges .
Sartoris is a novel , first published in 1929 , by the American author William Faulkner .
The Wardstone Chronicles , published as The Last Apprentice series in the USA , is a dark fantasy series of books written by British author Joseph Delaney and published in the UK by The Bodley Head division of Random House Publishing .
Twilight 's Child was written in 1992 by V. C. Andrews .
The Crystal World is a novel by English author J. G. Ballard , published in 1966 .
The Trumpet - Major is a novel by Thomas Hardy published in 1880 , and his only historical novel .
Servant of the Bones ( 1996 ) is a historical horror novel by Anne Rice .
The Emergence of Modern Turkey is a 1961 book written by historian Bernard Lewis , an expert in the history of Middle East and Islam .
Born Blue is a 2001 young adult novel by award winning author Han Nolan .
Venus in Furs ( German : Venus i m Pelz ) is a novella by the Austrian author Leopold von Sacher - Masoch , and the best known of his works .
The Chemical History of a Candle was the title of a series of six lectures on the chemistry and physics of flames given by Michael Faraday at the Royal Institution .
The Invention of Hugo Cabret is an American historical fiction book written and illustrated by Brian Selznick and published by Scholastic .
Alex Cross , Run is the 20th novel in the Alex Cross series written by American author James Patterson .
Half a Wing , Three Engines and a Prayer , is a book about B-17 crews and missions in World War II , written by Brian D. O'Neill .
London Blues is a novel by Anthony Frewin first published in 1997 about Soho in the late 1950s and early 1960s and in particular about the early days of pornographic movie production in Britain .
Cosmonaut Keep ( 2000 ; US paperback ISBN 0 - 7653 - 4073 - 9 ) , a science fiction novel by Ken MacLeod .
The Trial ( original German title : Der Process , later Der Prozess , Der Proceß and Der Prozeß ) is a novel written by Franz Kafka from 1914 to 1915 and published in 1925 .
Son of Rosemary is a 1997 horror novel by Ira Levin , and is the sequel to Rosemary 's Baby .
`` Frogs and Scientists '' is a short short story by science fiction author Frank Herbert .
Trangviksposten is a satirical newspaper parody created by Jacob Hilditch .
101 Philosophy Problems ( 1999 ) is a philosophy book for a general audiences by Martin Cohen published by Routledge .
Yakari is a Franco - Belgian comic book series , aimed at a younger audience , written by Job and illustrated by Derib , both from Switzerland .
The Castle of Crossed Destinies ( Italian : Il castello dei destini incrociati ) is a 1973 novel by the Italian writer Italo Calvino .
Alchemical Studies is Volume 13 in The Collected Works of C. G. Jung , a series of books published by Princeton University Press in the U.S. and Routledge & Kegan Paul in the U.K. It consists of five long essays that trace Carl Jung 's developing interest in alchemy from 1929 onward .
`` Not Meant to Be '' is the fifth overall single ( first American mainstream single , third Canadian mainstream single and fourth American & Canadian single ) by Theory of a Deadman from the album Scars & Souvenirs .
The Journey of Ibn Fattouma is an intermittently provocable fable written and published by Nobel Prize - winning author Naguib Mahfouz in 1983 .
Duties Beyond Borders ( full title : Duties Beyond Borders : On the Limits and Possibilities of Ethical International Politics ) is a book by Stanley Hoffmann published in 1981 which focuses on the application of ethical principles to international relations .
Nine Tomorrows is a collection of nine short stories and two pieces of comic verse by Isaac Asimov .
The Christmas Train is a fiction novel written by David Baldacci .
Lady Connie is a novel by Mary Augusta Ward , first published in 1916 .
In Golden Blood is the third science - fiction alternate history novel by Stephen Woodworth featuring the `` Violet '' detective Natalie Lindstrom .
A Spot of Bother is the second adult novel by Mark Haddon , who is best known for his prize - winning first novel The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night - Time .
The `` Vexilla Regis '' is a Latin hymn in long metre by the Christian poet Venantius Fortunatus , Bishop of Poitiers .
The Titan 's Curse is a 2007 fantasy - adventure novel based on Greek mythology written by Rick Riordan .
El Orinoco ilustrado y defendido ( The Orinoco illustrated and defended ) , is a book written by the Jesuit missionary Joseph Gumilla .
A Dragon at Worlds ' End ( 1997 ) is a fantasy novel written by Christopher Rowley .
Ghost / Hellboy is a DC Comics / Dark Horse Comics two - issue crossover comic book mini - series written by Mike Mignola with art by Scott Benefiel published May to June 1996 featuring fictional heroes Ghost and Hellboy .
2666 is the last novel by Roberto Bolaño .
Test of the Twins is a fantasy novel by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman .
Jeffrey Bernard is Unwell is a play by Keith Waterhouse about real - life journalist Jeffrey Bernard .
The Genius of Christianity ( French : Génie du christianisme ) is a work by the French author François - René de Chateaubriand , written during his exile in England in the 1790s as a defense of the Catholic faith , then under attack during the French Revolution .
New Arabian Nights by Robert Louis Stevenson , first published in 1882 , is a collection of short stories previously published in magazines between 1877 and 1880 .
The Affirmation is a 1981 science fiction novel by Christopher Priest .
The Final Four of Everything is a 2007 book written by Mark Reiter and Richard Sandomir on the subject of bracketology .
Gerald 's Game is a 1992 suspense novel by Stephen King .
The Man Whose Teeth Were All Exactly Alike is a realist , non - science fiction novel authored by Philip K. Dick .
`` The Married Couple '' ( `` Das Ehepaar '' ) is a 1922 short story by Franz Kafka .
In the First Circle ( Russian : В круге первом , V kruge pervom ; also published as The First Circle ) is a novel by Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn released in 1968 .
Anarchism and Other Essays is a book by anarchist Emma Goldman , first published in 1910 by Mother Earth Publishing Association .
Outerbridge Reach is a 1992 novel by American novelist Robert Stone .
Fortune and Glory is an Eisner Award -- nominated 3-issue American comic book limited series by Brian Michael Bendis , telling the story of his attempts to break into Hollywood by writing screenplays for his noir comics .
The Unquiet Earth is Denise Giardina 's third novel .
Family Happiness ( Russian : Семейное счастье ( Semeynoye Schast'ye ) ) is an 1859 novella written by Leo Tolstoy , first published in The Russian Messenger .
Shakespeare 's Villains is a one - man play , created and performed by Steven Berkoff .
The Irregular at Magic High School , known in Japanese as Mahōka Kōkō no Rettōsei ( 魔法科高校の劣等生 , lit . `` The Poor Performing Student of a Magic High School '' ) , is a Japanese web novel series by Tsutomu Satō .
Buried Thunder is a young adult novel written by British author Tim Bowler .
Der Fall Deruga ( The Deruga Case ) is a novel by Ricarda Huch first published in German in 1917 about a physician charged with killing his ex - wife .
Anne Frank and Me is a 2001 novel by husband - wife writing team Cherie Bennett and Jeff Gottesfeld .
The Book of Abramelin tells the story of an Egyptian mage named Abramelin , or Abra - Melin , who taught a system of magic to Abraham of Worms , a Jew in Worms , Germany , presumed to have lived from c.1362 - -c.1458 .
The Secret Texts , is a fantasy book series by Holly Lisle .
The Stone of Laughter ( Arabic : حجر الضحك ) is a Lebanese novel , written in 1990 by author Hoda Barakat set during the Lebanese Civil War .
What Was Lost is the 2007 début novel by Catherine O'Flynn .
The Story of B is a 1996 novel written by Daniel Quinn and published by Bantam Publishing .
Freddy and Simon the Dictator ( 1956 ) is the 24th book in the generally humorous children 's series Freddy the Pig written by American author Walter R. Brooks and illustrated by Kurt Wiese .
Niourk ( published 1957 ) is a science fiction novel by the French writer Stefan Wul .
Courtship Rite is a science fiction novel by American writer Donald Kingsbury , originally serialized in Analog magazine in 1982 .
Pictures from an Institution is a 1954 novel by American poet Randall Jarrell .
If You Liked School You 'll Love Work is a collection of short stories from novelist Irvine Welsh .
Choper , Coffee , Gilson refers to the casebook entitled Cases and Materials on Corporations , edited by Jesse H. Choper , John C. Coffee , Jr. , and Ronald J. Gilson .
The De Inventione is a handbook for orators that Marcus Tullius Cicero composed when he was still a young man .
Ingenious Pain is the first novel by English author , Andrew Miller , published in 1997 .
Rameau 's Nephew , or the Second Satire ( or The Nephew of Rameau , French : Le Neveu de Rameau ou La Satire seconde ) is an imaginary philosophical conversation by Denis Diderot , written predominantly in 1761 - 2 and revised in 1773 - 4 .
Tempest - Tost , published in 1951 by Clarke Irwin , is the first novel in The Salterton Trilogy by Canadian novelist Robertson Davies .
The Begum 's Fortune ( French : Les Cinq cents millions de la Bégum ) , also published as The Begum 's Millions , is an 1879 novel by Jules Verne , with some elements which could be described as utopian and others which seem clearly dystopian .
A Place Called Freedom is a work of historical fiction by Ken Follett .
Some Luck is a 2014 novel by Jane Smiley .
Tunes for Bears to Dance To is a young adult novel written by American author Robert Cormier that discusses themes of morality from the perspective of an 11-year - old named Henry .
Blood of Amber is the Locus Award nominated second book in the second Chronicles of Amber series by Roger Zelazny , and the seventh book overall .
Celebration of Life is a one - hour English play written and directed by Sachin Gupta .
Claudine at School ( French : Claudine à l'école ) is a 1900 novel by the French writer Colette .
Report to the Principal 's Office is a 1991 young adult novel by the American author , Jerry Spinelli .
`` You Needed Me '' is a song written by Randy Goodrum , who describes it as being about `` unconditional undeserved love . ''
The Girl in the Tangerine Scarf is a novel written by American author Mohja Kahf and published in 2006 .
Beyond the Barrier ( original title : `` The Tree of Time '' ) is a science fiction novel by Damon Knight .
Blake and Mortimer is a Belgian comics series created by the Belgian writer and comics artist Edgar P. Jacobs .
God Bless You , Mr. Rosewater , or Pearls Before Swine , is a novel written by Kurt Vonnegut , published in 1965 .
The Story of a Modern Woman is a novel written by English author Ella Hepworth Dixon .
Duma Key is a novel by American novelist Stephen King published on January 22 , 2008 by Scribner .
The Invention of Everything Else is a novel written by American author Samantha Hunt , published in 2008 .
Tuf Voyaging is a 1986 science fiction fix - up novel by George R. R. Martin , first published in hardcover by Baen Books .
The Great Indian Novel is a satirical novel by Shashi Tharoor .
The Sun , My Father ( Northern Sami : Beaivi , áhčážan ) is a 1991 poetry collection by Finnish Sami author Nils - Aslak Valkeapää .
Henry IV , Part 1 is a history play by William Shakespeare , believed to have been written no later than 1597 .
Etidorhpa , or , the end of the earth : the strange history of a mysterious being and the account of a remarkable journey is the title of a scientific allegory or science fiction novel by John Uri Lloyd , a pharmacognocist and pharmaceutical manufacturer of Cincinnati , Ohio .
Christie Malry 's Own Double - Entry ( 1973 ) is the penultimate novel by the late British avant - garde novelist B. S. Johnson .
The Swiss Family Robinson ( German : Der Schweizerische Robinson ) is a novel by Johann David Wyss , first published in 1812 , about a Swiss family shipwrecked in the East Indies en route to Port Jackson , Australia .
Around the Moon ( French : Autour de la Lune , 1870 ) , Jules Verne 's sequel to From the Earth to the Moon , is a science fiction novel which continues the trip to the moon which was only partially described in the previous novel .
My Driver is a novel by English author Maggie Gee , and is the sequel to My Cleaner .
Introduction to Kant 's Anthropology ( French : Introduction à l'Anthropologie ) is an introductory essay to Michel Foucault 's translation of Immanuel Kant 's 1798 book Anthropology from a Pragmatic Point of View -- a textbook deriving from lectures he delivered annually between 1772/73 and 1795/96 .
The Roving Shadows ( French : Les Ombres errantes ) is a 2002 fiction book by the French writer Pascal Quignard .
The Blood Crows , published in 2013 is the twelfth volume of the Eagle Series by Simon Scarrow .
The Great Mathematical Problems is a 2013 book by Ian Stewart .
`` The System of Doctor Tarr and Professor Fether '' is a dark comedy short story by the American author Edgar Allan Poe .
The Sacred Art of Stealing is a satirical crime novel by the Scottish writer Christopher Brookmyre .
One of Those Hideous Books Where the Mother Dies ( 2004 ) is a novel in verse by Sonya Sones .
Sleeping Freshmen Never Lie is a 2005 young adult novel by David Lubar .
This Night 's Foul Work is a crime - novel by French author Fred Vargas , an entry in her Commissaire Adamsberg series .
The Adventures of Cyclops and Phoenix was a four - issue comic book mini - series written by Scott Lobdell , drawn by Gene Ha , and published by American company Marvel Comics in 1994 .
Jip , His Story is a 1996 children 's book written by U.S. novelist Katherine Paterson .
The Gas Heart or The Gas - Operated Heart ( French : Le Cœur à gaz ) is a French - language play by Romanian - born author Tristan Tzara .
The Dying Hours is a 2013 book by British author , Mark Billingham .
Thomas Carnacki is a fictional occult detective created by English fantasy writer William Hope Hodgson .
Under the Eagle is the first book in the Eagle Series , by Simon Scarrow and is his debut novel , introducing the characters of Quintus Licinius Cato and Lucius Cornelius Macro .
The Observers is a 1988 science fiction novel by Damon Knight .
The Romantic Dogs ( Los perros románticos in Spanish ) is a collection of poems by the Chilean author Roberto Bolaño .
The Ultimate Alphabet ( ISBN 1 - 85145 - 050 - 5 ) is a best - selling book by Mike Wilks .
Good Natured is a book by primatologist Frans de Waal on animal behavior and the evolution of ethics .
Welcome to Temptation is a contemporary romance written by Jennifer Crusie and released in 2000 .
It 's a Matter of Survival is a 1991 book by Anita Gordon and David Suzuki .
Monkeewrench ( released later in the United Kingdom as Want to Play ? ) , is the first novel by author team P. J. Tracy .
A Luneta Mágica ( English : The Magical Glasses ) is a 1869 novel written by Brazilian Romantic writer Joaquim Manuel de Macedo .
`` The Vale of Lost Women '' is one of the original short stories about Conan the Cimmerian , written by American author Robert E. Howard , but not published during his lifetime .
Animal Farm is an allegorical and dystopian novella by George Orwell , first published in England on 17 August 1945 .
The Unfinished Memoirs ( Bengali : অসমাপ্ত আত্মজীবনী ) is the autobiography by Sheikh Mujibur Rahman .
Steal Like an Artist : 10 Things Nobody Told You About Being Creative is a book on coming up with creative ideas , by Austin Kleon , published in 2012 from Workman Publishing .
Metaphysical Foundations of Natural Science ( German : Metaphysische Anfangsgründe der Naturwissenschaft ) is a 1786 book by Immanuel Kant .
Belchamber is a 1904 novel by Howard Sturgis .
Tales of Common Insanity ( Czech : Příběhy obyčejného šílenství ) ( 2001 ) is a play by Petr Zelenka which won the Alfréd Radok Award for Best Play .
Busting Vegas ( stylized as Busting Vega$ ) is a 2005 book by Ben Mezrich about a group of MIT card counters and blackjack players commonly known as the MIT Blackjack Team .
Ring Round the Moon is a 1950 adaptation by the English dramatist Christopher Fry of Jean Anouilh 's Invitation to the Castle ( 1947 ) .
Hygiene and the Assassin ( French : Hygiène de l'assassin ) is the first novel of the Belgian novelist Amélie Nothomb .
The Fires of Spring ( 1949 ) is the second novel published by American author James A. Michener .
The Rolling Years is the first novel by the American writer Agnes Sligh Turnbull ( 1888 - -1982 ) and it is set in Westmoreland County , Pennsylvania , just east of Pittsburgh .
Mastering the Art of French Cooking is a two - volume French cookbook written by Simone Beck and Louisette Bertholle , both of France , and Julia Child of the United States .
Labyrinths ( 1962 ) is a collection of short stories and essays by Jorge Luis Borges translated into the English - language .
The Patron Saint of Butterflies is a young - adult novel by author Cecilia Galante .
Blue / Orange is a play written by English dramatist , Joe Penhall .
Canne al vento ( ( ˈkanne al ˈvɛnto ) ; Italian for `` Reeds in the wind '' ) is a novel by the Italian author and Nobel Prize winner Grazia Deledda .
Emily 's Quest is a novel and the last of the Emily trilogy by Lucy Maud Montgomery .
An Universal Biographical and Historical Dictionary ( London , 1800 ) was a landmark book written and published by British author John Watkins .
Edge of Eternity is a historical and family saga novel by Welsh - born author Ken Follett , published in 2014 .
Midnight and Jeremiah ( OCLC 9091853 ) is a 1943 children 's book by Sterling North , which was the basis for the 1948 Disney film So Dear to My Heart .
Ceremonies in Dark Old Men is a play by Lonne Elder III that premiered Off Broadway at St. Mark 's Playhouse in a production by the Negro Ensemble Company in 1969 .
Latin ! or Tobacco and Boys is a play by Stephen Fry , written in 1979 .
Hecyra ( English : The Mother - in - Law ) is a comedic Latin play by the early Roman playwright Terence .
The House of Dies Drear by Virginia Hamilton is a children 's mystery novel , with sinister goings - on in a reputedly haunted house .
A Truce , and Other Stories is a collection of six short stories by Mary Tappan Wright .
`` The Black Stranger '' is one of the stories by Robert E. Howard about Conan the Cimmerian , it was produced in the 1930s but not published in his lifetime .
Abaddón el exterminador is the last novel by Argentine author Ernesto Sabato .
Dream Jungle is a novel by Jessica Hagedorn , a Filipino American author .
Lucky Luke contre Phil Defer is a Lucky Luke adventure in French , written and illustrated by Morris it was the eighth title in the original series and was published by Dupuis in 1956 .
Rear Admiral Charles Davis Lucas VC ( 19 February 1834 -- 7 August 1914 ) was an Irish recipient of the Victoria Cross .
Vasif Durarbayli ( Azerbaijani : Vasif Durarbəyli ; born February 24 , 1992 ) is an Azerbaijani Grandmaster who was born on February 24 , 1992 and won that title at the World Youth Chess Championship for boys under 18 .
Niranjan Bhagat , ( Gujarati : નિરંજન ભગત Hindi : निरंजन भगत ) ; born May 18 , 1926 in Ahmedabad ) , full name Niranjan Narhari Bhagat , is a Gujarati poet and commentator who won the 1999 Sahitya Akademi Award for Gujarati language for his critic Gujarati Sahiyta - Purvardha Uttarardha .
In 2006 , Thích Quảng Độ was awarded the Thorolf Rafto Memorial Prize , in recognition of `` personal courage and perseverance through three decades of peaceful opposition against the communist regime in Vietnam , and as a symbol for the growing democracy movement '' .
Semyon Kosberg was awarded the Lenin Prize ( 1960 ) , Order of Lenin , three other orders and different medals .
Swati Ghate ( Marathi : स्वाती घाटे ) ( born 16 January 1980 ) is an Indian chess player and a Woman Grandmaster .
Aleksandr Alov ( Russian : Александр Александрович Алов ) ( September 26 , 1923 -- December 12 , 1983 ) was a Soviet film director and screenwriter , he was granted the honorary title of People 's Artist of the USSR in 1983 ( together with Vladimir Naumov ) .
Cpl . Oliver Hughes ( 1844 - -1911 ) of the Union Army 's 12th Kentucky Infantry was awarded the Medal of Honor for action , which culminated in his 20 February 1865 capture of the Confederate States Army 's 11th South Carolina 's flag .
Harry Cator VC , MM ( 24 January 1894 -- 7 April 1966 ) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
On March 27 , 1997 , Yad Vashem recognized Johan Benders and Gerritdina Letteboer as Righteous Among the Nations .
Prince Claus Awards named Sami Ben Gharbia in 2012 for his innovative cyber - activism works mainly through social media .
Nathaniel Barnaby was made a Companion of the Order of the Bath in 1876 and a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath in 1885 , the year he retired because of ill - health .
On November 27 , 2001 , Keith Green was inducted into the Gospel Music Hall of Fame .
The Doors were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1993 .
Joanna Majdan - Gajewska ( née Majdan ; born 9 June 1988 in Koszalin ) is a Polish chess player with the title of Woman Grandmaster ( WGM ) .
Georg Kieninger ( 5 June 1902 in Munich -- 25 January 1975 in Düsseldorf ) was a German chess player and International Master ( IM ) .
Rūdolfs Gaitars ( 1907 - -1945 ) was a Waffen - Obersturmführer in the Waffen SS during World War II . He was the first Latvian to be awarded the German Cross in Gold .
Lieutenant General Charles Augustus Goodfellow VC CB ( 29 November 1836 -- 1 September 1915 ) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Mijo Udovčić ( September 11 , 1920 - September 8 , 1984 ) was a Yugoslavian chess player , who became the first Croatian Grandmaster in 1962 .
Steve Rotfeld is an American television producer and Emmy Award - winning writer .
Kyung - Chik Han ( December 29 , 1902 - -April 19 , 2000 ) was a Korean pastor and church planter and the recipient of the 1992 Templeton Prize for Progress in Religion .
Sohrab Modi received the Dadasaheb Phalke Award in 1980 .
Archibald Mathies ( June 3 , 1918 -- February 20 , 1944 ) posthumously received the Medal of Honor as an enlisted member of the U.S. Army Air Forces during World War II .
Nigel Thomson ( 1945 - -1999 ) is an Australian artist who won the Archibald Prize twice .
Heinrich Ochs ( 19 April 1915 -- 21 October 1943 ) was a highly decorated Oberleutnant in the Wehrmacht during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub ) .
Harold Ackroyd VC , MC ( 18 July 1877 -- 11 August 1917 ) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Ustad Moinuddin Khan has performed his solo programmes under National programme of music on Tuesday as well as Saturday Night on All India Radio a number of times In 2014 , Government of India conferred upon him its fourth - highest civilian award the Padma Shri .
Frederick Gugenheim Gregory ( 22 December 1893 - -27 November 1961 ) was a British botanist , plant physiologist and winner of the Royal Medal .
Archibald Freeman ( August 13 , 1847 -- January 26 , 1918 ) was an American soldier who received the Medal of Honor for valor during the American Civil War .
Violet Tendencies is a 2010 romantic comedy film directed by Casper Andreas , written by Jesse Archer , and starring Mindy Cohn and Marcus Patrick .
Dariya Dil is a 1988 Hindi family drama film directed by K. Ravi Shankar and starring Govinda , Kimi Katkar , Roshni and Raj Kiran .
The Wagons Roll at Night is a 1941 circus film directed by Ray Enright , starring Humphrey Bogart as traveling carnival owner Nick Coster , Sylvia Sidney as his girlfriend , and Eddie Albert as a newcomer who falls in love with Nick 's sister .
Where East Is East is a 1929 silent movie starring Lon Chaney as an animal trapper in Laos .
McGlusky the Sea Rover is a 1935 British comedy action film directed by Walter Summers and starring Jack Doyle , Tamara Desni and Henry Mollison .
Unofficially Yours ( stylized as ÜnOfficially Yours ) is a 2012 Filipino romantic film directed by Cathy Garcia - Molina , starring John Lloyd Cruz and Angel Locsin with Edgar Mortiz , Tetchie Agbayani and Edgar Allan Guzman as Kelvin .
The Wife of Forty Years ( German : Die Frau von vierzig Jahren ) is a 1925 German silent film directed by Richard Oswald and starring Diana Karenne , Vladimir Gajdarov and Sig Arno .
Set in picturesque coastal Cornwall , in a tight - knit fishing village in 1936 , Ladies in Lavender stars Judi Dench and Maggie Smith playing the leading roles of sisters Ursula ( Dench ) and Janet Widdington ( Smith ) .
Hogi Pyaar Ki Jeet is a 1999 movie starring Ajay Devgn , Shabana Raza ( Neha ) , Arshad Warsi and Mayuri Kango .
One Way Street is a 1950 film noir directed by Hugo Fregonese featuring James Mason , Märta Torén and Dan Duryea .
Nee Sukhame Ne Korukunna is a Telugu movie ( 2008 ) with Raja and Sneha in the lead roles . Giribabu had earlier produced and directed several hit films including Devatalara Deevinchandi , Simha Garjana , Merupu Dadi and Muddu Muchata .
Ae Jugara Krushna Sudama is a 2003 Oriya - language film , directed by Hara Patnaik , starring Mithun Chakraborty and Uttam Mohanty .
The score to The Science of Sleep was composed by Jean - Michel Bernard .
Hells Angels on Wheels is a 1967 American biker film directed by Richard Rush , and starring Adam Roarke , Jack Nicholson , and Sabrina Scharf .
The Vicar of Dibley received multiple British Comedy Awards ( including a Best TV Comedy Actress Award for Emma Chambers ) , two International Emmys , and was a multiple British Academy Television Awards nominee .
The Boys in Company C , directed by Sidney J. Furie , starring Stan Shaw , Andrew Stevens , Craig Wasson , James Canning , and Michael Lembeck , is a 1978 film about United States Marine Corps recruits preparing for duty , and their subsequent combat in the Vietnam War .
Amelia and Michael is a 2007 British drama short film directed by Daniel Cormack , starring Anthony Head and Natasha Powell and executive produced by Richard Johns .
The Girl from Missouri ( originally called Born to Be Kissed ) is a 1934 American romantic comedy - drama film starring Jean Harlow and Franchot Tone .
Colossus of the Arena ( Italian : Maciste il gladiatore più forte del mondo , also known as Death on the Arena ) is a 1962 Italian peplum film directed by Michele Lupo and starred by Mark Forest .
Time Bara Vait ( Marathi : टाईम बरा वाईट ) is a Marathi movie directed by Rahul Bhatankar under VRG Motion Pictures banner starring Bhushan Pradhan , Satish Rajwade , Nidhi Oza , Vishwajeet Pradhan .
Dheiva Thaai ( English : Divine Mother ) is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role .
Der Ladenprinz ( The Shop Prince ) is a 1928 German silent film directed by Erich Schönfelder , starring Harry Halm , La Jana and Paul Henckels and also with La Jana , Sig Arno and Hermine Sterler .
Pinched is a 1917 American short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd .
The Sheepman is a tongue - in - cheek 1958 Western film directed by George Marshall and starring Glenn Ford , Shirley MacLaine and Leslie Nielsen .
Billy 's Love Making is a 1915 American silent romantic drama directed by and starring William Garwood and Violet Mersereau .
Majaa is a 2005 Tamil film directed by Shafi , starring Vikram , Asin , Vadivelu , Pasupathy , Anu Prabhakar , Vijayakumar , Manivannan , Sindhu Tolani , Murali and Biju Menon .
Felix on the Job is a 1916 silent comedy film directed by George Felix and starring Lon Chaney .
Whiskey School is a 2005 drama film starring Olympia Dukakis , Mary Stuart Masterson , Alexandra Eitel , Thomas Flanagan , Carlin Glynn , Lainie Kazan , Gary Swanson , Denise Lute , Mario Macaluso , David Margulies and directed by Peter Masterson and based on the play Intervention by Jo Ann Tedesco .
Who Killed Lamb ? is a 1974 TV film starring Stanley Baker as a detective investigating a murder .
I Start Counting is a British thriller film released in 1970 , directed by David Greene and starring Jenny Agutter in one of her first major roles .
Requiem for a Gunfighter is a 1965 American western film , the last picture directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet , produced by Alex Gordon , and starring Rod Cameron , Stephen McNally , Mike Mazurki , Dick Jones , and Olive Sturgess .
The Dark Corner is a 1946 black - and - white film noir directed by Henry Hathaway starring Lucille Ball , Mark Stevens and Clifton Webb .
La Biblia en pasta ( Spanish for `` The Bible in pulp paper '' , a Spanish idiom for something hard and difficult ) is a 1984 Spanish comedy film directed by Manuel Summers .
Maayi is a South Indian Tamil film released in 2000 which stars Sarath Kumar and Meena in lead roles wherein Vadivelu 's comedy performance was critically acclaimed .
Getawarayo is a 1964 Sri Lankan drama film starring Gamini Fonseka .
Love Me , Love My Money ( Chinese : 有情飲水飽 ) is a 2001 Hong Kong romantic comedy film written , produced and directed by Wong Jing , and starring Tony Leung Chiu - Wai , Shu Qi , Angie Cheung , Chun Cho , Lam Ka - Tung , Teresa Mak and Wong Yut Fei .
Cops & Robbersons is a 1994 American comedy film directed by Michael Ritchie , and starring Chevy Chase , Jack Palance , Dianne Wiest , and Robert Davi .
Just Peggy is a 1918 Australian silent film starring Irish actor Sara Allgood .
The Kid from Spain is a 1932 American Pre - Code comedy film directed by Leo McCarey starring Eddie Cantor involving bullfighting .
Bagavathi is a 2002 Tamil film directed by A. Venkatesh , which features Vijay and Reemma Sen in the leading roles .
Lucia Bosé - Isabelle ( as Lucia Bosè ) Jeanne Moreau - Other Woman Gérard Depardieu - Salesman Luce Garcia - Ville - Teacher Valerie Mascolo - Nathalie Granger Nathalie Bourgeois - Laurence Dionys Mascolo - Granger
Something for Joey was a 1977 made - for - TV movie ( sports / family / true - life dramatization ) about the relationship between college football player John Cappelletti ( portrayed by Marc Singer ) , and his younger brother Joey ( Jeff Lynas ) .
Captain Pirate is a 1952 American action / adventure film directed by Ralph Murphy , starring Louis Hayward and Patricia Medina , and produced by Harry Joe Brown .
A sequel of Escape from New York , Escape from L.A. co - stars Steve Buscemi , Stacy Keach , Bruce Campbell , and Pam Grier .
Saint John of Las Vegas is a 2009 American comedy - drama film starring Steve Buscemi , Romany Malco , and Sarah Silverman .
Atom Man vs. Superman ( 1950 ) , Columbia 's 43rd serial and the second live - action Superman screen appearance , both featuring Kirk Alyn as Superman , finds Lex Luthor ( Lyle Talbot ) , secretly the Atom Man , blackmailing the city of Metropolis by threatening to destroy the entire community .
Lucky 13 is a 2005 American - Colombian romantic comedy film directed by Chris Hall and starring Brad Hunt , Harland Williams , Lauren Graham , Sasha Alexander , Debra Jo Rupp , John Doe , Kaley Cuoco and Taryn Manning .
Bourbon Street Beat is a private detective series which aired on the ABC network from 1959 - 1960 and featured Richard Long as Rex Randolph , Andrew Duggan as Cal Calhoun , Van Williams as Kenny Madison , and Arlene Howell as Melody Lee Mercer , the secretary at the New Orleans detective agency in which they worked .
Bang Bang Kid is a 1967 western film produced by Sidney W. Pink and starring Tom Bosley .
The Death and Life of Bobby Z , also known as Bobby Z and Let 's Kill Bobby Z , is a 2007 American / German action film , directed by John Herzfeld , and starring Paul Walker , Laurence Fishburne , Olivia Wilde and Joaquim de Almeida .
Praanam is a Telugu film starring Allari Naresh and Sadha in the Lead directed by Malli .
Star Gazers ( formerly known as Jack Horkheimer : Star Hustler and later Jack Horkheimer : Star Gazer ) is a five - minute astronomy show on American public television previously hosted by Jack Foley Horkheimer , executive director of the Miami Space Transit Planetarium .
Extraordinary Measures is a 2010 medical drama film starring Brendan Fraser , Harrison Ford , and Keri Russell .
Abu Hassan Penchuri ( Abu Hassan The Thief ) is a 1955 Malaysian romantic film directed by B. Narayan Rao , and starring Malaysian silver - screen legend P. Ramlee .
Lady Blue Shanghai is a 16-minute internet promotion motion picture for Dior starring Marion Cotillard , Gong Tao , Emily Stofle , Cheng Hong , Lu Yong and Nie Fei .
Pyar Kiye Jaa ( English : Carry on Loving ) is a 1966 Hindi language movie directed by C. V. Sridhar starring Kishore Kumar , Shashi Kapoor , Mehmood , Om Prakash , Mumtaz , Kalpana and Rajasree .
Black Ransom is a 2010 Hong Kong action thriller film directed by Wong Jing and Venus Keung and starring Simon Yam , Michael Miu and Fala Chen .
Lalach is 1983 Indian Hindi film directed by Shankar Nag starring Vinod Mehra , Bindiya Goswami , Ranjeet , Pran , Kajal Kiran , Anant Nag .
Love the Beast is a 2009 documentary film directed by Eric Bana , and featuring Bana , Jay Leno , Jeremy Clarkson , and Phil McGraw .
Cheggers Plays Pop was a British children 's game show broadcast on BBC1 from 10 April 1978 to 7 November 1986 hosted by Keith Chegwin , who is commonly known to the British public as `` Cheggers '' .
Ils étaient cinq is a French comedy film from 1952 , directed by Jack Pinoteau , written by Roland Laudenbach , starring Marcel André and Louis de Funès .
Give a Girl a Break is a 1953 musical comedy film directed by Stanley Donen , starring Debbie Reynolds and the dance team of Marge and Gower Champion .
Kızın Varmı Derdin Var is a 1973 Turkish film , directed by Halit Refiğ and starring Ayhan Işık , Perihan Savaş and Öztoprak Ünsal .
Scarlet Pages is a 1930 all - talking pre - code American crime drama film with songs starring Elsie Ferguson and directed by Ray Enright .
Hi I 'm Tony is a Malayalam psychological thriller film directed by Lal Jr. The film stars Lal in the title role alongside Asif Ali and Miya .
Double Bunk is a 1961 British black - and - white comedy set on a houseboat , that stars Ian Carmichael and Sid James .
Good Will Evil ( simplified Chinese : 凶魅 ; traditional Chinese : 兇魅 ; pinyin : Xiōng Mèi ) is a 2008 Taiwanese horror film directed by Lin Yu - fen and Wang Ming - chan , starring Terri Kwan , Tammy Chen , Leon Dai , Lu Yi - ching , Cindy Chi and Chen Wen - cheng .
Der Herzensphotograph ( The Heart Photographer ) is a 1928 German silent film directed by Max Reichmann starring Harry Liedtke and Robert Garrison and also with La Jana and Betty Bird .
Chandee , also spelled as Chandi , is a 2013 Telugu film directed by V. Samudra starring Priyamani , R. Sarathkumar , Ashish Vidhyarthi and Krishnam Raju in the lead roles , and Ali and MS Narayana as key comedians .
Too Many Winners is a 1947 American crime film directed by William Beaudine and starring Hugh Beaumont , Trudy Marshall and Ralph Dunn .
Il sole sorge ancora ( also known as Outcry ) is a 1946 Italian neorealist war - drama film directed by Aldo Vergano .
You May Be Next is a 1936 American crime film directed by Albert S. Rogell and starring Ann Sothern , Lloyd Nolan and Douglass Dumbrille .
La fausse maîtresse ( English : Twisted Mistress ) is a 1942 French comedy film starring Danielle Darrieux .
People Meet and Sweet Music Fills the Heart , ( Danish : Mennesker mødes og sød musik opstår i hjertet ) , is a 1967 Danish / Swedish romantic comedy directed by Henning Carlsen and starring Harriet Andersson and Preben Neergaard .
Smoke in the Wind is a 1975 Western film directed by Andy Brennan and Joseph Kane , and starring John Ashley and Walter Brennan in his final appearance .
Rises Over Japan is a concert film by the Mark IV of Deep Purple , directed by Tony Klinger and released in 1985 .
You Get It , Man ( Kužiš stari moj ) is a 1973 Croatian film directed by Vanča Kljaković , starring Ivica Vidović , Eva Ras and Relja Bašić .
Pat and Mike is a 1952 American romantic comedy film starring Spencer Tracy and Katharine Hepburn .
Godhuli ( English : The Hour of the Gods ) is a 1977 Hindi drama film co - directed by Girish Karnad and B. V. Karanth , starring Kulbhushan Kharbanda , Om Puri and Naseeruddin Shah .
The Chumscrubber is a 2005 American - German comedy - drama film , directed by Arie Posin , starring an ensemble cast led by Jamie Bell .
A Walk with Love and Death is a 1969 romantic / drama film directed by John Huston .
The Man Who Cheated Himself is a 1950 American crime film noir directed by Felix E. Feist , and starring Lee J. Cobb , Jane Wyatt and John Dall .
Spare the Rod is a 1961 British social drama , directed by Leslie Norman and starring Max Bygraves , Geoffrey Keen , Donald Pleasence and Richard O'Sullivan .
Two in a Crowd ( 1936 ) is a romantic comedy film directed by Alfred E. Green , starring Joan Bennett and Joel McCrea , and released by Universal Pictures .
The Mind Cure is a 1912 silent short film starring Pearl White .
The Castaway Cowboy is a 1974 adventure film released by Walt Disney Productions starring James Garner , Vera Miles , Eric Shea , and Robert Culp about a Texas rancher who gets shanghaied , then jumps ship and finds himself washed ashore in Hawaii .
Law of the Badlands is a 1951 Western starring Tim Holt .
The Big Snooze features Bugs Bunny and Elmer Fudd , voiced as usual by Mel Blanc and Arthur Q. Bryan .
Back in the Seventies ( Spanish : Allá en el setenta y tantos ) is a 1945 Argentine historical drama film directed by Francisco Múgica and starring Silvana Roth , Carlos Cores and Felisa Mary .
The Big Brawl , ( Chinese : 殺手壕 ) also known as Battle Creek Brawl , is a 1980 martial arts film which marked Jackie Chan 's first attempt to break into the American movie market .
Napoléon II l'Aiglon is a French drama film from 1961 , directed by Claude Boissol , written by Paul Andréota , starring Bernard Verley and Jean Marais .
The Miracle Woman is a 1931 American pre - Code drama film directed by Frank Capra and starring Barbara Stanwyck , David Manners , and Sam Hardy .
Mr & Mrs Sailaja Krishnamurthy is a 2004 Telugu film which stars Sivaji , Laila Mehdin , and Dharmavarapu Subramanyam .
Aagey Se Right is a 2009 Bollywood comedy film directed by débutante Indrajit Nattoji , starring Shreyas Talpade , Mahi Gill , Shenaz Treasurywala , and Kay Kay Menon in the lead roles and was produced by Ronnie Screwvala , under the UTV Motion Pictures .
Oru Black and White Kudumbam is a 2009 Malayalam film by Shaiju Anthikkad starring Jayasurya and Kalabhavan Mani .
The Woman on Trial is a 1927 American silent film directed by Mauritz Stiller , starring Pola Negri , and based on the play Confession by Erno Wajda ( aka Ernest Vajda ) .
Two Seconds is a 1932 American Pre - Code crime drama film directed by Mervyn LeRoy and starring Edward G. Robinson , Vivienne Osborne and Preston Foster .
Burke & Wills is a 1985 Australian adventure film directed by Graeme Clifford , starring Jack Thompson and Nigel Havers .
The Plainsman is a 1936 American Western film directed by Cecil B. DeMille and starring Gary Cooper and Jean Arthur .
Camp Nowhere is a 1994 American adventure comedy film directed by Jonathan Prince , written by Andrew Kurtzman and Eliot Wald , and stars Christopher Lloyd , Jonathan Jackson and Jessica Alba in her film debut .
The Idolmaker is a 1980 American musical drama starring Ray Sharkey , Peter Gallagher , Paul Land , Tovah Feldshuh and Joe Pantoliano .
Singularity Principle , is a 2013 science fiction film starring William B. Davis , Michael Patrick Denis and John Diehl .
Casey 's Shadow is a 1978 drama Metrocolor film directed by Martin Ritt and starring Walter Matthau .
Young April ( 1926 ) is a silent film romantic comedy starring Bessie Love .
Nora Prentiss is a 1947 black - and - white drama film noir directed by Vincent Sherman , and starring Ann Sheridan , Kent Smith , Bruce Bennett and Robert Alda .
Woh Jo Hasina is a 1983 Hindi - language Indian feature film directed by Deepak Bahry , starring Mithun Chakraborty , Ranjeeta Kaur , Pran , Kader Khan , Prema Narayan , Rajendranath , Satyen Kappoo , Madan Puri and Chander
A Taste of Blood is a 1967 American horror film , produced and directed by Herschell Gordon Lewis .
Lone Wolf McQuade is a 1983 action film , starring Chuck Norris , David Carradine , Barbara Carrera , L.Q. Jones , R.G. Armstrong , Leon Isaac Kennedy and Robert Beltran , and is directed by Steve Carver .
Pallard the Punter is a 1919 British silent sports crime film directed by J.L.V. Leigh and starring Jack Leigh , Heather Thatcher and Lionel d'Aragon .
I 'll Be Yours is a 1947 American musical comedy film directed by William A. Seiter and starring Deanna Durbin .
Awara Baap is a 1985 Bollywood film starring Rajesh Khanna in the title role , directed by Sohanlal Kanwar .
Who Killed Mary What 's ' Er Name ? ( also known as Death of a Hooker ) is a 1971 film starring comedian and actor Red Buttons and featuring Sylvia Miles , Conrad Bain , Alice Playten and Sam Waterston .
The Last Romantic is a documentary filmed within the home of concert pianist Vladimir Horowitz .
Jewelled Nights is a 1925 Australian silent film directed by the film star Louise Lovely in collaboration with her husband Wilton Welch .
The King 's Jester ( Italian : Il re si diverte ) is a 1941 Italian historical film directed by Mario Bonnard and starring Michel Simon , María Mercader and Rossano Brazzi .
The Cartier Affair is a 1984 NBC TV movie that starred Knight Rider ' ​s David Hasselhoff and Dynasty ' ​s Joan Collins , which also featured Kojak ' ​s Telly Savalas . The Movie was completed during the Dynasty and Knightrider Season breaks .
The Half - Naked Truth is a 1932 American Pre - Code comedy film directed by Gregory LaCava and featuring Lee Tracy as a carnival pitchman who finagles his girlfriend , a fiery hoochie dancer played by Lupe Vélez , into a major Broadway revue under the auspices of an impresario portrayed by Frank Morgan .
Shasta Delaney ( Jennifer O'Neill ) , arrives in the hotel , wishing to report a murder that took place in Rio Lobo .
The Matinee Idol is a 1928 silent romantic comedy film directed by Frank Capra , and starring Bessie Love and Johnnie Walker .
Ladies of Washington is a 1944 American drama film directed by Louis King and starring Trudy Marshall , Ronald Graham and Anthony Quinn .
Dear Wendy is a 2004 film directed by Thomas Vinterberg , and starring Jamie Bell , Bill Pullman , Mark Webber and Alison Pill .
Ladies Should Listen is a 1934 American comedy film directed by Frank Tuttle and starring Cary Grant , Edward Everett Horton , Frances Drake , Nydia Westman , among others .
Paap ( English : Sin ) is a 2003 Bollywood film , directed by Pooja Bhatt in her directorial debut , and features John Abraham , Udita Goswami , Gulshan Grover and Mohan Agashe .
Mark Damon as Johnny Oro / Ringo Valeria Fabrizi as Margie Franco De Rosa as Juanito Perez Giulia Rubini as Jane Norton Loris Loddi as Stan Norton Andrea Aureli as Gilmore Pippo Starnazza as Matt Ettore Manni as Sheriff Bill Norton John Bartha as Bernard
The House That Drips Blood on Alex is a 2010 comedy horror short starring Tommy Wiseau .
Holiday Engagement ( originally titled A Thanksgiving Engagement ) is a 2011 film starring Bonnie Somerville , Shelley Long and Jordan Bridges .
Walking and Talking is a 1996 independent film starring Catherine Keener , Anne Heche , Todd Field , Liev Schreiber and Kevin Corrigan .
He ruled for 75 years , was given the posthumous name Tai Wu and was succeeded by his son Zhong Ding ( 仲丁 ) .
Zhao Yun 's eldest son , Zhao Tong ( 趙統 ) , served as a military officer in Shu and his highest appointment was an Imperial Guard in the `` Rapid as Tigers '' division ( 虎賁中郎 ) .
If Gautreks saga tells that Gautrekr had the daughter Helga , Hrólfs saga Gautrekssonar adds two sons , Ketill and Hrólfr Gautreksson .
In September 2010 , an article published in an archaeology magazine claimed that the tomb and the adjacent one actually belonged to Cao Huan ( a grandson of Cao Cao ) and his father Cao Yu .
Sodasa , son of Rajuvula , succeeded him and also made Mathura his capital .
Jan Appelmans ( 1352 - -1411 ) was the first architect of the Cathedral of Our Lady , Antwerp , succeeded by his son Pieter Appelmans .
Bill Myrick moved his wife , Laverne S. Myrick ( born 1930 ) , and toddler daughter Bellinda Myrick ( born 1948 ) to Odessa , the county seat of Ector County , on the advice on Myrick 's friend Hank Williams .
Philipp Meitner was the father of Dr. Lise Meitner .
When his son Théodred was mortally wounded at a battle at the Fords of Isen , Théoden 's nephew Éomer became his heir .
The Govan Mbeki Health Building was inaugurated in 2001 at a ceremony featuring his son Thabo . Mbeki received an honorary doctorate in the Social Sciences from the University of Amsterdam .
Martin Sheen and son Ramon Estevez combined both their real and stage names to create the Warner Bros .- affiliated company , Estevez Sheen Productions .
Harmen Hals ( 1611 - -1669 ) Frans Hals Junior ( 1618 - -1669 ) Jan Hals ( 1620 - -1654 ) Reynier Hals ( 1627 - -1672 ) Nicolaes Hals ( 1628 - -1686 ) Though most of his sons became portrait painters , some of them took up still life painting or architectural studies and landscapes .
Arne Torp is the father of actress Ane Dahl Torp .
Yang Chengwu 's son Yang Dongming is a retired lieutenant general who was appointed Deputy Commander of the People 's Liberation Army Air Force ( PLAAF ) in 2005 , despite having no prior experience in PLAAF combat units or headquarters .
Zübeyde Hanım ( 1857 -- 14 January 1923 ) was the mother of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk , the founder of the Republic of Turkey .
Æthelred and Æthelflæd are recorded as having had one daughter , Ælfwynn .
Liu Shouwen 's assistants Lü Yan ( 呂兗 ) and Sun He ( 孫鶴 ) initially supported Liu Shouwen 's son Liu Yanzuo as his successor and put up a defense , and the defense held , even after Liu Shouguang took Liu Shouwen to the city to show the troops that Liu Shouwen had been captured .
Theodor Krancke ( 30 March 1893 -- 18 June 1973 ) was an admiral with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves .
The 28th Rifle Division was a rifle division in the Soviet Red Army during the Russian Civil War , World War II and the Cold War .
George Mahoney ( born January 15 , 1865 ) was a fireman first class serving in the United States Navy during the Spanish-- American War who received the Medal of Honor for bravery .
Henry Bohlen ( October 22 , 1810 -- August 22 , 1862 ) was an American Civil War Union Brigadier General .
Wacław Sieroszewski ( 1858 -- 1945 ) was a Polish writer , Polish Socialist Party activist , and soldier in the World War I - era Polish Legions ( decorated with the Virtuti Militari ) .
He served in the Tank Corps during World War I and in the Special Operations Executive , SOE , in World War II . In his SOE role , `` Captain '' Selwyn Jepson was recruiting officer for F section , the independent French section .
Paul Lacombe de La Tour was a French army officer who served from 1910 to 1940 through both World War I and World War II . He eventually rose to the rank of Lieutenant - colonel and led the 97th Reconnaissance Group of the Infantry Division into combat during the Battle of France .
Charles H. Marsh ( 1840 -- January 25 , 1867 ) was a Union Army soldier in the American Civil War and a recipient of the United States military 's highest decoration , the Medal of Honor , for his actions during a skirmish in the Valley Campaigns of 1864 .
Gotfred Jensen ( November 20 , 1872 in Denmark -- December 26 , 1945 ) was a United States Army soldier who received the Medal of Honor for actions during the Philippine - American War .
During World War II , the destroyer escort USS Paul G. Baker ( DE-755 ) was named for Baker .
Christos Palaskas ( Greek : Χρήστος Παλάσκας , Gotista , Ioannina , 1788 -- Drakospilia , Parnassos , 1822 ) was a Greek chieftain during the Greek War of Independence .
Nathan Kimball ( November 22 , 1822 -- January 21 , 1898 ) was a physician , politician , postmaster , and military officer , serving as a general in the Union army during the American Civil War .
Alix Pasquet ( unknown--1958 ) was a World War II fighter pilot , one of only five Haitian members of the Tuskegee Airmen , a soccer star , and a political revolutionary . He was killed while leading a coup attempt against Haitian President Francois Duvalier in 1958 .
A Starr revolver ( Starr DA ) is a double - action revolver which was used in the western theater of the American Civil War until the U.S. Ordnance Department persuaded the Starr Arms Co. to create a single - action variant after discontinuation of the Colt .
Frank Tolan ( May 1854 -- 1899 ) was an American private in the U.S. Army who served with the 7th U.S. Cavalry during the Great Sioux War of 1876 - -77 .
The 3rd Alpine Division Julia was a World War II light Infantry division of the Italian Army , specializing in Mountain Combat .
Robert Cowdin ( September 18 , 1805 -- July 9 , 1874 ) was a businessman , a field officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War and a local politician in Massachusetts .
Gustav Altmann ( 13 April 1912 -- 20 February 1981 ) was a member of the Fallschirmjäger during World War II and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross ( Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes ) for his actions during the Battle of Fort Eben - Emael .
Sottotenente de Vascello Umberto Calvello was a World War I fighter ace credited with five victories .
Eduard Florus Harald Auffarth ( also Auffahrt ) ( ? ? -- 12 October 1946 ) Royal House Order of Hohenzollern , Iron Cross , Silver Wound Badge , Hanseatic Cross , was a World War I German fighter ace credited with 29 victories .
Vice Admiral Richard Bell Davies VC CB DSO AFC ( 19 May 1886 -- 26 February 1966 ) , also known as Richard Bell - Davies , was a British Royal Navy officer and World War I fighter pilot .
Leland Francis Norton ( Mar. 12 , 1921 San Bernardino , California to May 27 , 1944 , France ) was a captain in the US Army Air Corp who died heroically during a bombing mission in World War II in Europe .
Heinrich Holk ( also Holke or Henrik Holck ) ( 1599 - -1633 ) was a Danish - German mercenary in both Christian IV of Denmark 's and Albrecht von Wallenstein 's service during the Thirty Years ' War .
William H. Horsfall ( March 3 , 1847 -- October 22 , 1922 ) was one of the youngest men to receive the Medal of Honor during the American Civil War .
Omicron Velorum ( ο Vel , ο Velorum ) is a star in the constellation Vela .
HD 118203 is a K - type subgiant star located in the Ursa Major constellation 289 light years away from Earth .
Gamma Persei ( Gamma Per , γ Persei , γ Per ) is a binary star system in the constellation Perseus .
Kepler-40 , formerly known as KOI-428 , is an F - type star in the constellation Cygnus .
HD 93833 is an orange giant star in Sextans that shines with a vmag of 5.85 from its approximate position of RA 10h 49.7 m , Dec -9 ° 51 ' .
HD 167042 is a 6th magnitude K - type giant star located approximately 163 light - years away in Draco constellation .
Messier 34 ( also known as M 34 or NGC 1039 ) is an open cluster in the constellation Perseus .
20 Monocerotis ( 20 Mon ) is a star in the constellation Monoceros .
MACS J0717.5 + 3745 ( MACS J0717 or MACS 0717 for short ) is a large galaxy cluster located 5.4 billion light years away in the constellation Auriga , appearing in the MAssive Cluster Survey ( MACS ) .
HD 181720 b is an extrasolar planet which orbits the G - type main sequence star HD 181720 , located approximately 190 light years away in the constellation Sagittarius .
NGC 5087 is an elliptical galaxy located in the constellation Virgo .
HD 167965 is a 6th magnitude star in the constellation Lyra , approximately 590 light years from Earth .
HD 175541 is an intermediate - mass subgiant star in the constellation Serpens .
NGC 1483 is a barred spiral galaxy located in the southern constellation of Horologium and member of the Dorado Group .
HD 72659 is a yellow dwarf star in the Hydra constellation .
Messier 83 ( also known as the Southern Pinwheel Galaxy , M83 or NGC 5236 ) is a barred spiral galaxy approximately 15 million light - years away in the constellation Hydra .
HD 185269 is a seventh magnitude star approximately 153 light - years away in the constellation Cygnus .
NGC 1232 is an intermediate spiral galaxy about 60 million light - years away in the constellation Eridanus .
V373 Scuti was a nova , which appeared in 1975 in the constellation Scutum and reached magnitude 6 .
HD 173780 is a 5th magnitude star in the constellation Lyra , approximately 250 light years away from Earth .
HD 1461 ( 32 G. Ceti ) is a G0V class star slightly more massive than the Sun ( G2V ) , and located about 76 light - years away in the constellation of Cetus .
Kampekalven Mountain ( 71 ° 56′S 7 ° 46′E ) is a mountain , 2,200 metres ( 7,200 ft ) high , forming the northeast end of the Filchner Mountains in Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Marble Point is a rocky promontory on the coast of Victoria Land , Antarctica , located at 77 ° 26 ' S latitude and 163 ° 50 ' E longitude .
Ustra Peak ( Vrah Ustra \'vr&h ' us - tra\ ) is a rocky peak of 195 m on the coast of Walker Bay , Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Ménier Island ( 64 ° 59′S 63 ° 37′W ) is an island , the largest in a small island group lying in the mouth of Flandres Bay , 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) northeast of Cape Renard , off the west coast of Graham Land , Antarctica .
Pavie Ridge or Cap Pavie or Île Pavie is a rocky ridge located at 68 ° 34′S 66 ° 59′W in Antarctica which rises over 500 m. It extends south and west from Martin Glacier to Moraine Cove , and forms the southeastern limit of the Bertrand Ice Piedmont , on the west coast of Graham Land .
Kent Plateau ( 80 ° 44′S 157 ° 50′E ) is an ice - covered plateau , 12 nautical miles ( 22 km ) long and 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) wide , extending northward from Mount Egerton and Kiwi Pass to the vicinity of Mount Hamilton , in the Churchill Mountains of Antarctica .
The Keystone Cliffs ( 71 ° 35′S 68 ° 13′W ) are a set of cliffs , 610 metres ( 2,000 ft ) high , marking the east face of the sedimentary ridge between Mercury Glacier and Venus Glacier , on the east coast of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Dream Island is an island lying 0.7 km ( 0.43 mi ) south - east of Cape Monaco , off the south - west coast of Anvers Island in Wylie Bay , in the Palmer Archipelago of Antarctica .
Irvine Glacier ( 74 ° 42′S 63 ° 15′W ) is a glacier , 40 miles ( 64 km ) long , draining southeast between the Guettard Range and the Rare Range into the northern part of Gardner Inlet , Antarctica .
Manning Massif ( 70 ° 42′S 67 ° 50′E ) is a large rock massif between Loewe Massif and McLeod Massif in the eastern part of the Aramis Range , Prince Charles Mountains , Antarctica .
Good Glacier ( 84 ° 12′S 177 ° 50′E ) is a wide glacier draining the eastern slopes of the Hughes Range in Antarctica between Mount Brennan and Mount Waterman and flowing northeast to enter the Ross Ice Shelf to the east of Mount Reinhardt .
Potter Peninsula is a low ice - free peninsula between Potter Cove and Stranger Point in south - west King George Island , in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica .
Wrigley Gulf is an embayment about 115 miles wide along the coastline of Antarctica , lying seaward of the Getz Ice Shelf .
Kitano - ura Cove ( 69 ° 0′S 39 ° 36′E ) is a cove indenting the northern side of East Ongul Island , Antarctica .
Gatson Ridge ( 79 ° 43′S 158 ° 51′E ) is a jagged ridge , 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) long , that runs east from the southern part of Bowling Green Plateau in the Brown Hills of the Cook Mountains , Antarctica .
The Ross Ice Shelf is the largest ice shelf of Antarctica ( an area of roughly 487,000 square kilometres ( 188,000 sq mi ) and about 800 kilometres ( 500 mi ) across : about the size of France ) .
Tirizis Island ( Bulgarian : остров Тиризис , `` Ostrov Tirizis '' \'os - trov ti-'ri - zis\ ) is the rocky island off the east coast of Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica extending 1.05 km in east - west direction and 350 m wide .
Eurus Ridge ( 77 ° 26′S 162 ° 59′E ) is a ridge between Cerberus Valley and Clio Glacier in the Olympus Range of the McMurdo Dry Valleys of Antarctica .
Mount Judd ( 85 ° 4′S 170 ° 26′E ) is a prominent bare rock mountain , over 2,400 metres ( 7,900 ft ) high , surmounting the ridge running north from Mount White in the Supporters Range in Antarctica .
Mintz Peak ( 76 ° 53′S 126 ° 3′W ) is a small peak rising above the southeast corner of Mount Hartigan in the Executive Committee Range , Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Melfjellet ( 68 ° 21′S 59 ° 12′E ) is a prominent rock outcrop in the eastern part of the Hansen Mountains , Antarctica , about 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) southeast of See Nunatak .
Djibouti ( /dʒɪˈbuːti/ ji - BOO - tee ; Arabic : جيبوتي‎ Jībūtī , French : Djibouti , Somali : Jabuuti , Afar : Gabuuti ) , officially the Republic of Djibouti , is a country located in the Horn of Africa .
Zavadovskiy Island ( 66 ° 43′S 86 ° 24′E ) is an ice - covered island in the West Ice Shelf near Antarctica .
Guéguen Point ( 65 ° 9′S 64 ° 7′W ) is a point forming the south end of Hovgaard Island , in the Wilhelm Archipelago , Antarctica .
Kilifarevo Island ( Bulgarian : остров Килифарево , `` Ostrov Kilifarevo '' ' os - trov ki - li-'fa - re - vo ) is an ice - free island in the Aitcho group on the west side of English Strait in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Renier Point ( 62 ° 36′34``S 59 ° 48′21''W ) is a narrow point forming the east extremity of both Burgas Peninsula and Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Irving Island ( 66 ° 25′S 67 ° 4′W ) is a small island at the northeastern end of the Barcroft Islands , in the Biscoe Islands , Antarctica .
Molar Massif ( 71 ° 38′S 163 ° 45′E ) is a large mountain massif immediately east of the Lanterman Range in the Bowers Mountains of Antarctica .
Kardam Buttress ( Kardamov Rid \kar-'da - mov ' rid\ ) is a sloping buttress projecting 1 km northwards from St. Ivan Rilski Col into Huron Glacier on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica , and has precipitous and partly ice - free western slopes .
Janulis Spur ( 85 ° 7′S 90 ° 27′W ) is a rock spur which extends eastward from the Ford Massif between Green Valley and Aaron Glacier , in the Thiel Mountains of Antarctica .
Altarduken Glacier is a small glacier just east of The Altar at the head of Grautskala Cirque , in the Humboldt Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
The Flett Crags ( 80 ° 39′S 23 ° 35′W ) are rock crags on the north slope of the Read Mountains , 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) north of Mount Wegener , in the Shackleton Range , Antarctica .
Halfmoon Bluff ( 85 ° 13′S 175 ° 38′W ) is a rock bluff overlooking the east side of Shackleton Glacier , rising immediately north of the mouth of Brunner Glacier , in the Cumulus Hills of Antarctica .
The Larson Nunataks ( 82 ° 45′S 48 ° 0′W ) are a small cluster of nunataks lying along the east side of the Forrestal Range , 1.5 nautical miles ( 3 km ) southeast of Mount Malville , in the Pensacola Mountains of Antarctica .
Iskollen Hill ( 72 ° 51′S 4 ° 9′W ) is a broad , snow - covered hill with a few rock outcrops at the summit , lying southwest of Raudberg Valley in the southwestern part of the Borg Massif , in Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Heuser Nunatak ( 72 ° 2′S 160 ° 38′E ) is a small nunatak that lies 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) south of Mount Phelan and marks the southern extremity of the Emlen Peaks in the Usarp Mountains of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Laclavère Plateau ( 63 ° 27′S 57 ° 47′W ) is a plateau , 10 nautical miles ( 19 km ) long and from 1 to 3 nautical miles ( 2 to 6 km ) wide , rising to 1,035 metres ( 3,400 ft ) between Misty Pass and Theodolite Hill , Trinity Peninsula , Antarctica .
Hockey Cirque ( 83 ° 17′S 156 ° 30′E ) is a glacial cirque 0.5 nautical miles ( 1 km ) wide along the east wall of Ascent Glacier in the Miller Range of Antarctica .
Landry Bluff ( 85 ° 16′S 175 ° 37′W ) is a rock bluff in the Cumulus Hills , Antarctica , standing just north of the mouth of Logie Glacier where the latter joins Shackleton Glacier .
Alberts Glacier ( 66 ° 52′S 64 ° 53′W ) is a heavily crevassed glacier in Antarctica .
Mason Inlet ( 72 ° 57′S 60 ° 25′W ) is an ice - filled inlet which recedes 28 kilometres ( 15 nmi ) southwest between Cape Mackintosh and the coastline south of Cape Herdman , along the east coast of Palmer Land , Antarctica .
Krivina Bay ( Bulgarian : залив Кривина , `` Zaliv Krivina '' \'za - liv ' kri - vi - na\ ) is a 5 km wide bay indenting for 3 km the west coast of Trinity Island in the Palmer Archipelago , Antarctica .
Magnis Ridge ( 80 ° 5′S 156 ° 12′E ) is a rock ridge 1.5 nautical miles ( 3 km ) west of Derrick Peak , forming the divide between Magnis Valley and Metaris Valley in the Britannia Range , Antarctica .
The Harold Byrd Mountains ( 85 ° 26′S 146 ° 30′W ) are a group of exposed mountains and nunataks which extend in an east -- west direction between the lower part of Leverett Glacier and the head of the Ross Ice Shelf in Antarctica .
Rezen Knoll ( Bulgarian : Vrah Rezen \'vr&h ' re - zen\ ) is a knoll rising to 433 m in eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Megalestris Hill is a rocky hill , 35 m ( 115 ft ) high , in the south part of Petermann Island in the Wilhelm Archipelago , Antarctica .
Mount Grytøyr ( 72 ° 0′S 4 ° 31′E ) is a broad ice - topped mountain , 2,695 metres ( 8,840 ft ) high , between Flogeken Glacier and Stuttflog Glacier in the Mühlig - Hofmann Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Lizotte Creek ( 77 ° 42′S 162 ° 29′E ) is a meltwater stream , 2,000 metres ( 2,200 yd ) long , flowing southeastwards from the extreme southwestern tip of Matterhorn Glacier to the northeast end of Lake Bonney in Taylor Valley , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Rigonce ( pronounced ( ˈɾiːɡɔntsɛ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia .
Lapinlahti Airfield is an airfield in Lapinlahti , Finland , about 3 nautical miles ( 5.6 km ; 3.5 mi ) northeast of Lapinlahti municipal centre .
Krzesin - Parcel ( ˈkʂɛɕin ˈpart͡sɛl ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kutno , within Kutno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The South - west Corner Commonwealth Marine Reserve is a marine reserve on the lower south west and southern coast of Western Australia , one of 14 in the South - west Commonwealth Marine Reserves Network .
The Ulus Sephardi Jewish Cemetery ( Turkish : Ulus Sefarad Musevi Mezarlığı ) or Arnavutköy Jewish Cemetery ( Turkish : Arnavutköy Musevi Mezarlığı ) is a burial ground of the Sephardi Jewish community in Istanbul , Turkey .
San Miniato is a town and comune in the province of Pisa , in the region of Tuscany , Italy .
Camboriú is a municipality in the state of Santa Catarina in the South region of Brazil , near Balneario Camboriu , a popular beach destination .
Sela pri Raki ( pronounced ( ˈseːla pɾi ˈɾaːki ) ) is a settlement southeast of Raka in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
Stara Krępa ( ˈstara ˈkrɛmpa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przasnysz , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Manoppello is a comune in Abruzzo , in the province of Pescara , Italy .
The ruins of the Château de Bellocq are in the commune of Bellocq in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques département of France .
Mount Faloria is a mountain in the Alps of northern Italy , located in the Dolomites near Cortina d'Ampezzo .
Rumuruti is a town in Laikipia County in Kenya 's former Rift Valley Province .
San Francisco de Tilcara ( usually referred to as Tilcara ) is a city in the province of Jujuy , Argentina , and the head town of the Tilcara Department .
Rijeka Crnojevića bridge ( Montenegrin : Most na Rijeci Crnojevića ) - also known as Danilo 's bridge ( Montenegrin : Danilov most ) - is a bridge in Rijeka Crnojevića , Montenegro .
Bojadła ( bɔˈjadwa ) ( German : Boyadel ) is a village in County Lubuskie , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Kalian - e Sofla ( Persian : كاليان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Kālīān - e Soflá ; also known as Kālīān - e Pā'īn ) is a village in Poshtdarband Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Haus der Kulturen der Welt ( `` House of the World 's Cultures '' ) in Berlin is Germany 's national centre for the presentation and discussion of international contemporary arts , with a special focus on non - European cultures and societies .
Lisgoold ( Irish : Lios Cúil ) is a small hamlet in East Cork , Ireland .
The 1998 Honda Indy 300 was the eighteenth and penultimate round of the 1998 CART World Series Season , held on 18 October 1998 on the Surfers Paradise Street Circuit , Surfers Paradise , Queensland , Australia .
The Distribuidor Vial San Antonio is a Mexican freeway located at the west side of Mexico City .
Khard Mard - e Anisi ( Persian : خردمردانيسي‎ , also Romanized as Khard Mard - e Anīsī ) is a village in Pazevar Rural District , Rudbast District , Babolsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Puli Khumri ( Persian:پل خمری ) is a city in northern Afghanistan .
Vitebsk Ghetto or Witebsk Ghetto was a short - lived ghetto in the town of Vitebsk in modern - day Belarus .
Athirappilly is a first grade Grama Panchayath with 489.00 km2 area in Chalakudy Taluk , Thrissur district in Kerala , India .
Darreh - ye Bariki ( Persian : دره باريكي‎ , also Romanized as Darreh - ye Bārīḵī ) is a village in Sardasht Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Fort Young Hotel is a hotel on the quayside of Roseau , Dominica , located in the southern part of the capital next to Garraway Hotel and Dominica Museum and Roseau Public Library , just south of the Governor 's Residence and Roseau Cathedral .
A Illa de Arousa is the only island municipality in Galicia , Spain in the province of Pontevedra .
Catbalogan Airport ( IATA : none , ICAO : RPVY ) is an airport located in Catbalogan , the capital city of Samar , Philippines .
Sbeitla ( Tunisian Arabic : سبيطلة‎ Sbaytlā ) is a city in north - central Tunisia .
Myślimierz ( mɨˈɕlimjɛʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebielino , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Praviršulio tyrelis , also known as the Pravirsulio Tyrelis State Nature Reserve , is a nature reserve outside Šiauliai in Lithuania with many rare examples of flora and fauna .
The Williams Lake Mustangs was a Canadian Junior ice hockey team from Williams Lake , British Columbia , Canada .
Stepan ( Ukrainian : Степань ; Polish : Stepań ; Hebrew : סטפאן‎ ) is an urban - type settlement in the Sarny Raion ( district ) of Rivne Oblast ( province ) in western Ukraine .
The modern Turkish name of the river is Bakırçay ( formerly the Aksu ) , and it is located in the Asian part of Turkey .
Aba Island is an island on the White Nile to the south of Khartoum , Sudan .
Qeshlaq - e Sialeh ( Persian : قشلاق سياله‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Sīāleh ; also known as Sīāleh ) is a village in Nur Ali Beyk Rural District , in the Central District of Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
As of January 2011 Radio Times Extra has been installed on 3.8 million Freeview set - top boxes in the United Kingdom , from 21 different manufacturers , spanning 37 different receivers .
Sviatoshyn Airfield ( Ukrainian Аеродром `` Святошин '' ) , formerly known as Svyatoshino , is an industrial airfield in Kiev , Ukraine , located 11 km northwest of city center .
Oprzężów - Kolonia ( ɔˈpʂɛ̃ʐuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Muthabin ( Arabic : موثبين‎ , also spelled Mothabeen ) is a village in southern Syria , administratively part of the Daraa Governorate , located northeast of Daraa in the al - Sanamayn District .
Tacumshane ( Irish : Teach as Sheáin , meaning `` Sean 's house '' ) ( Yola ; Tecumshine ) is a small village in the southeast of County Wexford , Ireland .
Fuero dates back to the feudal era : the lord could concede or acknowledge a fuero to certain groups or communities , most notably the Roman Catholic Church , the military , and certain regions that fell under the same monarchy as Castile or , later , Spain , but were not fully integrated into those countries .
The Stadtkirche Glarus is the main Reformed church for the city of Glarus in the canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
The Order of Viesturs is a Latvian state order founded in 1938 , which fell into abeyance during the years of the Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic , but was reestablished in 2004 in the Republic of Latvia .
Bajul ( Persian : باجول‎ , also Romanized as Bājūl ; also known as Bājūl - e Shālū ) is a village in Donbaleh Rud - e Shomali Rural District , Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Lož ( pronounced ( ˈloːʃ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Loška Dolina in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Skarbøvik Church ( Norwegian : Skarbøvik kyrkje ) is a parish church in Ålesund Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Hansholey is a town in the southeastern Middle Shabelle ( Shabeellaha Dhexe ) province of Somalia .
Negros Oriental ( Filipino : Silangang Negros ; Cebuano : Sidlakang Negros ) , also called Oriental Negros or Eastern Negros , is a province in the Philippines located in the Negros Island region .
Khaneqah - e Khangeh ( Persian : خانقاه خانگه‎ , also Romanized as Khāneqāh - e Khāngeh ; also known as Khāneqāh ) is a village in Mokriyan - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Tongareva Airport is an airport on Penrhyn Island in the Cook Islands ( IATA : PYE , ICAO : NCPY ) .
Hlinné ( Hungarian : Agyagospatak ) is a village and municipality in Vranov nad Topľou District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia .
Name of the Place = Ennayiram Taluk = Vikiravandi District = Villupuram State = Tamil Nadu Country = India Coordinates = 12 ° 7'28``N 79 ° 29'31''E Area = 1 km2 Population = 1000 ( 2011 )
Italica ( Spanish : Itálica ; north of modern - day Santiponce , 9 km NW of Seville , Spain ) is a well - preserved Roman city and the birthplace of Roman Emperors Trajan and Hadrian .
Podpleče ( pronounced ( pɔtˈplɛːtʃɛ ) ; German : Podpletscham ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills east of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia .
Andosilla is a town in the province and autonomous community of Navarra , northern Spain .
Hasseler Tunnel was a 507 metre tunnel in Saarland , Germany .
The Sabakoyu Onsen ( 鯖湖湯 or `` Mackerel Lake Hot Spring '' ) in Iizaka , Fukushima Prefecture , Japan is the oldest community onsen in the country .
The National Insurance Contributions Act 2014 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that received Royal Assent on 13 March 2014 , after being introduced on 12 October 2013 .
Tagbo Falls is a waterfall near Mount Afadjato in Ghana , located at Liati Wote , approximately 27 kilometres east of the township of Hohoe . The water falls down in several stages , with the last stage being about 60 m. high .
Darreh - ye Dai ( Persian : دره دايي‎ , also Romanized as Darreh - ye Dā’ī and Darreh Dā’ī ) is a village in Pishkuh - e Zalaqi Rural District , Besharat District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Cherukara is a rural village in Malappuram , Kerala , India .
ARS Public School is a primary and secondary school located in Bokaro Steel City , Jharkhand , India .
The Korean Magazine Museum is a museum in the district of Yeouido in Seoul , South Korea .
Jayezan - e Kohneh ( Persian : جايزان كهنه‎ , also Romanized as Jāyezān - e Kohneh and Jāyzānkohneh ; also known as Jāizān and Jāyezān ) is a village in Jayezan Rural District , Jayezan District , Omidiyeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Saco River ( Maranhão ) is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil .
Ubatuba is an important tourist city , receiving tourists from many parts of Brazil .
The Ouadi Rimé - Ouadi Achim Faunal Reserve , is located in the Batha administrative region in the center of Chad .
Tago Island is an island in northeastern Iloilo , Philippines .
Flying Nun Records is an independent record label formed in Christchurch , New Zealand in 1981 by music - store manager Roger Shepherd .
Baqueira - Beret is a ski resort located in the heart of the Pyrenees , in the Aran Valley and Àneu Valley Lleida , Spain .
Al - Tamanah ( Arabic : التمانعة‎ , sometimes spelled al - Taman'ah , al - Tamana’a or al - Teman’a ) is a town in northwestern Syria , administratively a part of the Maarrat al - Nu'man District of the Idlib Governorate .
Vršíček ( 431 metres ( 1,414 ft ) above sea level ) is a hill in the Czech Republic located in Rokycany District , Plzeň Region some 2.5 kilometres ( 2 mi ) km northwest of Rokycany and 1 kilometre ( 1 mi ) south of village of Litohlavy .
The Skjálfandafljót River is situated in the north of Iceland .
The Broughton Peaks are a group of low mountain summits west of the south end of Effingham Inlet , to the north of Bamfield in the Barkley Sound region of the west coast of Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada .
Elephant Nature Park is a sanctuary and rescue centre for elephants in Mae Taeng District , Chiang Mai Province , Northern Thailand , approximately 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) from Chiang Mai City .
Dargocice ( darɡɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) ( German : Eickstedtswalde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gościno , within Kołobrzeg County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Fertőszentmiklós Airport ( ICAO : LHFM ) , also known as Meidl Airport , is a small airport located in the countryside southwest of Fertőszentmiklós , a city in Győr - Moson - Sopron county , Hungary .
Veľký Lipník ( Rusyn : Великый Липник , Ukrainian : Великий Липник , Hungarian : Nagyhársas ) is a village and municipality in Stará Ľubovňa District in the Prešov Region of northern Slovakia .
The Canton of Trévières is a canton of the Calvados département , in northwestern France .
Kiełpin - Wymysłowo ( ˈkʲɛu̯pin vɨmɨˈswɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola , within Tuchola County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Château de Breteuil ( previously called the Château de Bevilliers ) is a château situated in the Valley of Chevreuse in Yvelines department of France , 35 km ( 22 mi ) to the south - west of Paris .
Bon Gahar ( Persian : بن گهر‎ ) is a village in Kuh Shah Rural District , Ahmadi District , Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Dozo ( also Donzo , Bambara for hunter , pl . donzow ) are traditional hunters in northern Côte d'Ivoire , southeast Mali , and Burkina Faso , and members of a co - fraternity containing initiated hunters and sons of Dozo , called a Donzo Ton .
The Eighteen Touches or Shiba Mo ( Chinese : 十八摸 ) is a traditional Chinese folk song with many variants throughout China .
Pivotal Games was a video game development studio in the United Kingdom formed in 2000 by ex - employees of Pumpkin Studios .
Zelomići ( Serbian Cyrillic : Зеломићи ) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Bukit Kiara Sports Complex or Kompleks Sukan Bukit Kiara is the main sports complex in Bukit Kiara , Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
The People 's Park in the Sky also known as simply People 's Park is a historical urban park in Tagaytay , Cavite , Philippines .
Jalan Batang Kali - Genting Highlands ( Selangor state route B66 ) is a major road in Selangor , Malaysia .
Faculty of Materials Science , Technology and Designe of Kazimierz Pułaski University of Technology and Humanities in Radom is one of the eight divisions of the Kazimierz Pułaski University of Technology and Humanities in Radom , Poland .
Verlaten Island ( Dutch : `` Abandoned '' , `` Deserted '' or `` Forsaken '' ; modern Indonesian : Sertung ) is an island in the Sunda Strait in Indonesia , between Java and Sumatra .
Kildare College is a Roman Catholic secondary college for girls in Holden Hill , South Australia .
The Isis River Bridge is a road bridge over the Isis River south of Childers , Queensland , Australia .
Bugzy - Święchy ( ˈbuɡzɨ ˈɕfjɛ̃xɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Bomadi is an Ijaw local government area in Delta State , Nigeria .
Mian Hanziran ( Persian : ميان هنزيران‎ , also Romanized as Mīān Hanzīrān ) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District , Gafr and Parmon District , Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Copper - Roof Palace ( Polish : pałac Pod Blachą ) is an 18th - century palace in Warsaw , Poland .
Piz Chavalatsch ( also known as Monte Cavallaccio ) ( 2,763 m ) is a mountain in the Ortler Range of the Alps of eastern Switzerland and northern Italy .
Hasan Bagi - ye Rika ( Persian : حسن بگي ريکا‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasan Bagī - ye Rīkā and Ḩasan Bakī - ye Rīkā ; also known as Rīkā ) is a village in Kuhdasht - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Grand Italian Trail ( Italian : Sentiero Italia ) is a 6166-kilometer - long hiking trail that crosses the entire nation of Italy .
Temsia is a rural commune of Morocco .
The County of Nevers is a historic county of Burgundy in central France .
Shiv Sadan is a large farm and spiritual community in Uttar Pradesh , India , on the shores of the Ganges .
Lukšije ( Cyrillic : Лукшије ) is a village in the municipality of Konjic , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Hengchun Line ( Chinese : 恆春線 ) is a planned branch line of the Taiwan Railway Administration ( TRA ) Western Line which plans to connect Taiwan 's southern capital Kaohsiung to Kenting , a popular tourist destination located in Hengchun .
Kuhmareh District ( Persian : بخش کوهمره‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Gertrud Rasch 's Church ( Danish Gertrud Rasks Kirke ) is a white concrete Lutheran church in Qaqortoq , the largest town in southern Greenland .
The Benito Juárez National Park is in the Valles Centrales Region of Oaxaca , Mexico , and includes parts of the municipalities of San Felipe Tejalapam and San Andres Huayapan .
Piz Cazarauls ( el . 3,063 metres ) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps in Switzerland .
Lurcy - Lévis is a commune on the northern limits the Allier department in Auvergne in central France .
Dhansu ( Hindi : धांसू ) is a village in Hisar , Haryana , India , in Hisar Division .
Ashaghi Govhar Agha Mosque ( Azerbaijani : Aşağı Gövhər ağa məscidi ) is an Azerbaijani mosque located in Shusha , Karabakh region of Azerbaijan about 350 km from capital Baku but is currently under control of Armenian forces since the occupation of Shusha on May 8 , 1992 .
Ab Gaj ( or Abgach ) is a village in Badakhshan Province in north - eastern Afghanistan .
Trillo Nuclear Power Plant is a nuclear power station in Spain .
Wolin National Park ( Polish : Woliński Park Narodowy ) is one of 23 National Parks in Poland , situated on the island of Wolin in the far north - west of the country , in West Pomeranian Voivodeship .
Sapwuahfik , formerly Ngatik , or the Raven Islands is a 110 square kilometres ( 42 sq mi ) total area atoll of the Federated States of Micronesia .
CKDU - FM ( 88.1 FM , formerly CKDU 97.5 FM ) is a radio station broadcasting in a campus radio format from the campus of Dalhousie University in Halifax , Nova Scotia , Canada .
Air Nostrum , Líneas Aéreas del Mediterráneo , S.A. , also known as Iberia Regional , is a regional airline based in Valencia , Spain .
Nidzica County ( Polish : powiat nidzicki ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , northern Poland .
Ardabil Airport ( IATA : ADU , ICAO : OITL ) is an airport northeast of Ardabil , in northwestern Iran .
Grasøyane Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Grasøyane fyr ) is a coastal lighthouse in Ulstein Municipality in Møre og Romsdal , Norway .
al - Shakaba is a community in Al Jazirah state , Sudan .
The Great Western Railway War Memorial is a monument in London , United Kingdom , to the memory of employees of the Great Western Railway who died during the First World War , and it is situated halfway along platform 1 at London Paddington station .
FC Korsholm is a football club from Korsholm ( Mustasaari ) , the municipality that surrounds the city of Vaasa , in Finland .
Avigdor ( Hebrew : אֲבִיגְדוֹר ) a small moshav in southern Israel .
Castrillo Mota de Judíos , is a municipality located in the province of Burgos , Castile and León , Spain .
Chah Shurak ( Persian : چاه شورك‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Shūrak ; also known as Chāh - e Sūrak ) is a village in Asir Rural District , Asir District , Mohr County , Fars Province , Iran .
Sheykhaleh ( Persian : شيخله‎ ; also known as Sheykh `` Alī ) is a village in Emam Rural District , Ziviyeh District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 118 , in 24 families .
The Séminaire de Sherbrooke , also known as Séminaire Saint - Charles - Borromée , is a private educational institution located in Sherbrooke , Quebec , Canada .
Arnadi ( Greek : Αρναδί , Turkish : Kuzucuk ) is a village in Cyprus , located north of Famagusta .
Güssing ( Hungarian : Németújvár , Német - Újvár , Croatian : Novi Grad ) is a town in Burgenland , Austria .
Svetega Petra Hrib ( pronounced ( ˈsʋeːtɛɡa ˈpeːtɾa ˈxɾːip ) ; in older sources also Sveti Peter , German : Sankt Peter i m Gebirge ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Ústí nad Labem ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈuːsciː ˈnad labɛm ) ) , formerly known by its German name Aussig , is the 7th - most populous city of the Czech Republic .
Wezep Hattemerbroek Combination , commonly known as WHC Wezep , is a football club from Wezep - Hattemerbroek in Gelderland , Netherlands .
Long Sơn Pagoda ( Vietnamese : Chùa Long Sơn ) is a Buddhist temple in the city of Nha Trang on South Central Coast of Vietnam .
In the United Kingdom , the Citizen Information Project ( CIP ) was a plan by the Office for National Statistics to build a national population register .
Makrysi ( Greek : Μακρύσι , before 1927 : Σιάλεσι - Sialesi ) is a village and a community in the municipality of Megalopoli , Arcadia , Greece .
Today Pirenópolis is known all over Brazil for its popular festivals , especially the `` Cavalhadas '' , introduced in 1826 , in which horsemen representing Moors and Christians recreate a battle fought by Charlemagne .
Asklepios Kliniken GmbH is a German hospitals company , one of Germany 's three largest operators of private hospitals .
Podkogelj ( German : Podkogel ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Velike Lašče in central Slovenia .
Pengjia Islet ( Chinese : 彭佳嶼 ; pinyin : Péngjiā Yǔ ) , also known as Agincourt , Dashihshan Islet , Chaolai Islet or Pengchia Islet , is an islet north of Taiwan , and is administered under Zhongzheng District , Keelung City .
The Cathedral of Mary , Mother of the Church in Mostar is one of four Roman Catholic cathedrals in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Le Hocq is an area in the parish of St. Clement , in the south - east of Jersey , Channel Islands .
Sechura is a town in northwestern Peru , 50 km south of Piura .
Razhniv ( Ukrainian : Ражнів ) is a village ( selo ) in Brodivskyi Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
Isla del Trocadero is an island in the Bay of Cádiz , in Andalusia , Spain .
Dili ( Portuguese : Díli ) is the capital , largest city , chief port and commercial centre of East Timor .
Rezaabad - e Sufian ( Persian : رضاابادصوفيان‎ , also Romanized as Reẕāābād - e Şūfīān ) is a village in Saidabad Rural District , in the Central District of Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Woźniki ( vɔʑˈniki ) ( German : Woischnik ) is a town in Lubliniec County , Silesian Voivodeship , Poland , with 4,420 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Banco Chinchorro is an atoll reef lying off the southeast coast of the Municipality of Othón P. Blanco in Quintana Roo , Mexico , near Belize .
As a commune , Panquehue is a third - level administrative division of Chile , administered by a communal council ( consejo comunal ) , which is headed by a directly elected alcalde .
Unguja ( also referred to as Zanzibar Island or simply Zanzibar , in Ancient Greek Menuthias , Μενουθιάς - as mentioned in The Periplus of the Erythraean Sea , in Greek : Περίπλους τὴς Ἐρυθράς Θαλάσσης - ) is the largest and most populated island of the Zanzibar archipelago , in Tanzania .
Poggio a Caiano is a town and comune in the province of Prato , Tuscany region Italy .
As of the 2011 India census Rajnota had a population of 10,157 .
The University of Pannonia ( University of Veszprém until March 1 , 2006 ; Hungarian Pannon Egyetem , formerly known as Veszprémi Egyetem ) is a university located in Veszprém , Hungary .
Brzeg Głogowski ( ˈbʐɛk ɡwɔˈɡɔfski ) ( German : Brieg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żukowice , within Głogów County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Shahrak - e Kazamiyeh ( Persian : شهرک کاظميه‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Kāẓamīyeh ) is a village in Miankuh Rural District , Miankuh District , Ardal County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Neoi Epivates ( Greek : Νέοι Επιβάτες ) is a small suburban town in northern Greece .
Žīguri parish ( Latvian : Žīguru pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Viļaka Municipality , Latvia .
Sinkor is a section of the Monrovia metropolitan area in Liberia .
Akassa is a settlement at the southernmost tip of Nigeria in Bayelsa State where the Nun River estuary meets the Atlantic Ocean .
Tavamen Shineh ( Persian : توامن شينه‎ , also Romanized as Tavāmen Shīneh ) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Raftsund Bridge ( Raftsundbrua ) is a two - lane cantilever road bridge that crosses Raftsundet between Austvågøya and Hinnøya in Nordland county , Norway .
Semnan University is a prestigious university in Iran located in the city of Semnan , Iran , about 240 km east of Tehran .
Virago Sound is a sound on the north coast of the Graham Island in the Queen Charlotte Islands , British Columbia , Canada , at the entrance to Naden Harbour .
German submarine U-508 was a Type IXC U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . She was laid down at the Deutsche Werft yard in Hamburg as yard number 304 on 24 September 1940 , launched on 30 July 1941 and commissioned on 20 October with Oberleutnant zur See Georg Staats in command .
Tapgol Park , formerly Pagoda Park , is a small ( 19,599 m²/23,440 yd²/4.84 acre ) public park located at 97 Jongno ( street ) , Seoul , South Korea .
Mačkovec pri Suhorju ( pronounced ( matʃˈkɔːʋəts pri ˈsuːxɔɾju ) or ( matʃˈkoːvəts pri ˈsuːxɔɾju ) ) is a small settlement in the foothills of the Gorjanci Hills in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Sheykh Fares ( Persian : شيخ فارس‎ , also Romanized as Sheykh Fāres ) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District , Shavur District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Harp Lake is a lake in north - central Labrador , Canada .
Maja Kokervhake is a mountain in northern Albania , in the Prokletije .
Donje Žešće ( Serbian Cyrillic : Доње Жешће ) is a village in the municipality of Foča , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Kamina Airport ( IATA : KMN , ICAO : FZSB ) is the internal civil airport which is located in and serves the city of Kamina in the southern Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Lubomirka ( lubɔˈmirka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilków , within Opole Lubelskie County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Chitwan National Park ( Nepali : चितवन राष्ट्रिय निकुञ्ज ; formerly Royal Chitwan National Park ) is the first national park in Nepal .
Receptel started operations in 1992 in Belgium .
Incheon National University ( INU ) , previously also known as University of Incheon ( UI ) , is a national university operated by the legal entity ( 법인 , 法人 ) established by the government of Republic of Korea ( South Korea ) .
Grise Fiord Airport ( IATA : YGZ , ICAO : CYGZ ) is located in Grise Fiord , Nunavut , Canada , and is operated by the Government of Nunavut .
Galleh Kola - ye Kar Kandeh ( Persian : گله كلاكاركنده‎ , also Romanized as Galleh Kolā - ye Kār Kandeh ; also known as Galleh Kolā ) is a village in Mazkureh Rural District , in the Central District of Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Ajba ( pronounced ( ˈaːi̯ba ) ) is a small village on the right bank of the Soča River in the Municipality of Kanal in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Sheykh Salleh ( Persian : شيخ صله‎ , also Romanized as Sheykh Saleh ) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District , in the Central District of Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
G. Schneider & Sohn is a brewery company in Bavaria , Germany .
The TV Mast Niort - Maisonnay is a 330 metre high guyed mast for TV transmission in Maisonnay , near Niort , France .
Rtanj ( pronounced ( r̩̂ːtaɲ ) ) is a mountain situated in eastern Serbia , approximately 200 km southeast of Belgrade , between towns of Boljevac on north and Sokobanja on south .
The Fell Locomotive Museum in Featherston , New Zealand , exhibits the only remaining Fell railway locomotive in the world .
Kuokkala Bridge ( Finnish : Kuokkalan silta ) is a bridge in Jyväskylä , Finland over the lake Jyväsjärvi .
The Wadi Sawawin mine is a large mine located in the west of Saudi Arabia in Al Madinah Province .
The Masurian Canal ( German : Masurischer Kanal , Polish : Kanał Mazurski , Russian : Канал Мазурский ) is an unfinished 50.4 km long canal connecting the Lava River in Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia ( a tributary of the Pregolya ) and Lake Mamry , one of the Masurian Lakes in Poland .
Helsinki Metropolia University of Applied Sciences ( Finnish : Metropolia Ammattikorkeakoulu ) is one of the largest and the most international University of Applied Sciences in Finland .
Espéraza ( Occitan : Esperasan ) is a commune in the Aude department in southern France .
Al - Faris is town in Dujail District in the Salah al - Din Governorate in Iraq .
Palashi ( Bengali : পলাশী Pôlashi , pronounced ( pəˈlaːsi ) ) , also known as Plassey , is a village on the Bhagirathi river , located approximately 50 kilometres north of the city of Krishnanagar in the Nadia District of West Bengal , India .
Tangov ( also , Tango ) is a village in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Kelana Jaya Line ( Malay : Laluan Kelana Jaya ) is a light rapid transit ( LRT ) system network in Klang Valley operated by Rapid Rail , a subsidiary of Prasarana Malaysia .
Charagua is a small town in the southern part of Bolivia .
The Hôtel de Marigny is a town house in Paris , France , on the Avenue Marigny , not far from the Elysée Palace .
Qalat Sukkar ( Qal`at es Sikar ) ( Arabic:قلعة سكر ) is a town in the Dhi Qar Governorate , Iraq , located on the Gharraf Canal .
Dnopolje ( Serbian Cyrillic : Днопоље ) is a village in Croatia .
The People 's Choice Classic , nicknamed the Down Under Classic , is a criterium around Rymill Park in Adelaide , South Australia , Australia .
The Ropotamo ( Bulgarian : Ропотамо , from the Ancient Greek word meaning `` border river '' ) is a relatively short river in southeastern Bulgaria .
Uzerche ( Usercha in Occitan ) is a commune in the Corrèze department in the Limousin region of central France .
Point Whidbey is a headland located at the southern western extremity of both Coffin Bay Peninsula and Avoid Bay on the west coast of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia about 34 kilometres ( 21 mi ) west of the town of Coffin Bay .
CKOC has the distinction of being the oldest continuously - operating radio station in Canada , on the air since May 1 , 1922 .
Gazund ( Persian : گزوند‎ , also Romanized as Gazūnd and Gozūnd ; also known as Gazand , Garvand , Gazūn , Gazvand , and Kozūn ) is a village in Tabas - e Masina Rural District , Gazik District , Darmian County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Ban Fai ( Thai : บ้านฝาย ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Nam Pat District , in Uttaradit Province , Thailand .
Châteauponsac ( Occitan : Chastel Ponçac ) , also known locally as Château Lorraine , is a commune in the Haute - Vienne department in the Limousin region in western France .
Mirzo Rizo ( Persian : میرزا رضا ‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Barnes Halt railway station served a location midway between Creeslough and Kilmacrenan in County Donegal , Ireland .
Dobrava pod Rako ( pronounced ( dɔˈbɾaːʋa pɔd ˈɾaːkɔ ) ) is a small settlement to the south of Raka in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
The Temple of Apollo Sosianus ( previously known as the Apollinar and the temple of Apollo Medicus ) is a Roman temple dedicated to Apollo in the Campus Martius , next to the Theatre of Marcellus and the Porticus Octaviae , in Rome , Italy .
Cagraray is an island located in the province of Albay in the Philippines .
Virginia Golf Club is a golf course located in Brisbane , Australia .
Rheinbach is a town in the Rhein - Sieg - Kreis district ( Landkreis ) , in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Howie Island is an island , with an area of 4.1 ha , in south - eastern Australia .
Iringa Rural District ( Wilaya ya Iringa Vijijini ) is one of the four districts of the Iringa Region of Tanzania , East Africa .
The Frontier Region Bannu ( often abbreviated as FR Bannu ) is an Important administrative unit in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas ( FATA ) of Pakistan .
Norðragøta , also just referred to as Gøta , is a village on Eysturoy , Faroe Islands .
Lake Hood is a man - made recreational lake , located 6 km south - east of Tinwald in the locality of Huntingdon , Canterbury , New Zealand .
The Universidad Tecnológica de Santiago --or Santiago University of Technology ( UTESA ) , is a private , coeducational , university located in the Dominican Republic .
The Lebanese Special Operations Command ( LSOCOM ) ( Arabic : قيادة القوات الخاصة اللبنانية‎ Kiyadat al Kouwat al Khasa al Loubnanya ) is the joint Special Operations command of the Lebanese Armed Forces which groups Lebanon 's elite units .
Kyonpyaw Township ( Burmese : ကျုံပျော်မြို့နယ် ) is a township of Pathein District in the Ayeyarwady Division of Myanmar .
Booderee National Park and Botanic Gardens are located in the Jervis Bay Territory of Australia .
Yeranos ( Armenian : Երանոս ; also Romanized ) , is a major village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia .
General Lavalle ( Ajó ) is a town located in the east of the province of Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Sar Sur ( Persian : سرسور‎ , also Romanized as Sar Sūr ) is a village in Sadat Mahmudi Rural District , Pataveh District , Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Tougan is a town located in the province of Sourou in Burkina Faso .
The Lacombe Blacksmith Shop Museum is a museum dedicated to blacksmithing in Lacombe , Alberta , Canada .
Fulehuk Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Fulehuk fyr ) is a coastal lighthouse in the municipality of Nøtterøy in Vestfold , Norway .
After the decline of the Ancien Régime of Switzerland and the invasion of the French in Bern , the Erlacherhof became the seat of the French general Guillaume Brune in 1798 .
Beeran Gali ( also known as Berin Gali or Baran Gali ) is a Union Council of Abbottabad District , in Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Perunchani Dam is an irrigation dam at Perunchani , in Kalkulam Taluk , Kanyakumari District , in the state of Tamil Nadu , India .
The Nineties at Nine is a popular feature on many commercial radio stations in the United States of America .
At its height , Oasisamerica covered part of the present - day Mexican states of Chihuahua , Sonora and Baja California , as well as the U.S. states of Arizona , Utah , New Mexico , Colorado , Nevada , and California .
Vanchikulam ( Malayalam : വഞ്ചികുളം ) is a freshwater lake in Thrissur city in the Kerala state of India .
Lake Emdrup ( Danish : Emdrup Sø ) is a lake located on the border between Copenhagen and Gentofte municipalities in the Emdrup area of northern Copenhagen , Denmark .
Dimane ( or Diman , Arabic : الديمان‎ ) is a mountainous village in the Bsharri District , in the North Governorate of Lebanon .
Abdullauşağı ( also , Abdulla - Ushagi and Abdullaushagy ) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Pietrzyk ( ˈpjɛtʂɨk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutocin , within Żuromin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Thur waterfalls are two cascades located on the river Thur approximately ten minutes walking from the village square of Unterwasser in the canton of St. Gallen , Switzerland , The water cascades down from steep rock faces , and on highest point drops from 23 metres ( 75 ft ) .
Western Technical - Commercial School ( WTCS ) is a high school in the High Park North neighbourhood of Toronto , Canada .
Grafton Gully is a deep ( about 50 m ) and very wide ( about 100 m ) gully running northwards towards the sea through the volcanic hills of the Auckland Volcanic Field in New Zealand .
The Don Brewery ( originally the Don Bridge Brewery , and later the Davies Brewery ) was a brewery in Toronto , Canada .
Vaughan Transit was the transit provider in the town of Vaughan , in southwest York Region , Ontario , Canada .
Åsnen is a large lake in southern Småland , Sweden , roughly 150 km² in size .
The Executive Council of Quebec ( in French , le Conseil exécutif du Québec , but informally and more commonly , the Cabinet of Quebec and in French : le Conseil des ministres ) is the cabinet of the government of Quebec , Canada .
The Canadian Police Information Centre ( CPIC ) is the central police database where Canada 's law enforcement agencies can access information on a number of matters .
Montebello di Bertona is a comune and town in the province of Pescara , in the Abruzzo region of Italy .
Mulwala Bridge is a bridge crossing Lake Mulwala , formed by a weir on the Murray River in Australia .
Hévíz Spa and the Szent András Hospital , Hévíz ( St. Andrew 's State Hospital for Rheumatology and Rehabilitation ) is a spa in Hungary .
Barkhatnaya Sopka ( Russian : Бархатная сопка ) is a volcano located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula , Russia , along the Paratunka River .
Khatumo State ( Somali : Khaatumo , Arabic : ولاية خاتمة‎ ) , officially the Khatumo State of Somalia ( Somali : Dowlad Goboleedka Khaatumo ee Soomaaliya ) , is an unrecognized region in northern Somalia .
Temljine ( pronounced ( tɛˈmljiːnɛ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Tolmin in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Moravské zemské muzeum ( Moravian Museum in English ) is the second largest and oldest museum in the Czech Republic .
Pustyny ( pusˈtɨnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krościenko Wyżne , within Krosno County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Nordermeldorf is a borough in the district of Dithmarschen , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Innherred or Innherad is a traditional district in Nord - Trøndelag county in the central part of Norway .
Abbaslı ( also , Abbasly ) is a village and municipality in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Datta Khel airstrike was an American airstrike carried out on 17 March 2011 in Datta Khel , North Waziristan that killed 44 people and led to widespread condemnation in Pakistan .
Krotoszyce ( krɔtɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ ) ( German : Kroitsch ) is a village in Legnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Bakraur , sometimes called Bakrour , is a village located slightly east of Bodh Gaya in the state of Bihar , India .
Safar Shah ( Persian : صفرشاه‎ , also Romanized as Şafar Shāh and Şefr Shāh ; also known as Gūrājū Şafar Shāh and Kūrāb Şafar Shāh ) is a village in Gurani Rural District , Gahvareh District , Dalahu County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Wierzbice - Guzy ( vjɛʐˈbit͡sɛ ˈɡuzɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonna Lacka , within Sokołów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Its last known eruption is believed to have occurred around 550 CE . With a peak elevation of 6,268 metres ( 20,564 ft ) , Chimborazo is the highest mountain in Ecuador .
Louiseville Airport , ( TC LID : CSJ4 ) , is located 1.5 nautical miles ( 2.8 km ; 1.7 mi ) southeast of Louiseville , Quebec , Canada .
Vehmasmäki is a village in the town of Kuopio , Finland .
The Nordic Library at Athens ( Greek : Βιβλιοθήκη των Βορείων Χωρών στην Αθήνα ) is one of several international archaeological libraries in Athens , Greece .
Tomsk Governorate ( Russian : Томская губерния ) was an administrative division ( a guberniya ) of the Russian Empire , located in Siberia .
The Water and Rivers Commission is a defunct agency of the Government of Western Australia .
Le Crêt de la Neige is the highest peak in the Jura Mountains and the department of Ain in France .
Ihitte Ogwa is a village in southeastern Nigeria located near the city of Owerri .
Toronto and Region Islamic Congregation , commonly referred to by its acronym as TARIC Islamic Center is one of the largest and oldest Islamic Centers in the city of Toronto , Canada .
Sasthamangalam is a place in the city of Thiruvananthapuram ( Trivandrum ) , Kerala , India .
Cimoszka ( t͡ɕiˈmɔʂka ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Janów , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Smojmirovo ( Macedonian : Смојмирово ) is a village in the Berovo Municipality of Macedonia .
Kal Zarkesh ( Persian : كال زركش‎ , also Romanized as Kāl Zarḵesh ) is a village in Tus Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Behbud ( Persian : بهبود‎ , also Romanized as Behbūd ) is a village in Nargesan Rural District , Jebalbarez - e Jonubi District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Lake Volvi ( Greek : Λίμνη Βόλβη , modern : Limni Vólvi ) is located in the root of the Chalkidiki peninsula , in the Thessaloniki regional unit , Greece .
The Moonee Valley Racing Club ( MVRC ) is located at the Moonee Valley racecourse on McPherson Street , Moonee Ponds ( a suburb of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia ) .
The Xuchang East Railway Station ( Chinese : 许昌东站 ) is a railway station of the Shiwu Passenger Railway located in Xuchang City , Henan Province , People 's Republic of China .
Klerkskraal Dam is a combined gravity and arch type dam located on the Mooi River , near Ventersdorp , North West , South Africa .
Bandar Sultan Suleiman is a township in Port Klang , Selangor , Malaysia located near Northport .
The Beulah Speckled Face is a breed of domestic sheep originating in the United Kingdom .
Mount Dowe is a mountain in the North West Slopes region of New South Wales , Australia .
Lega Padana ( Padanian League ) is a Padanist and separatist political party active mainly in Piedmont , Italy .
Małacentów ( mawaˈt͡sɛntuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagów , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
XHUPC - FM also known as El Politécnico en Radio , is a radio station located in Mexico City , operated by the Superior School of Mechanical and Electrical Engineering ( ESIME ) Culhuacán , one of the schools of the Instituto Politécnico Nacional .
Innogenetics N.V. ( now Fujirebio Europe N.V. ) is an international in vitro diagnostics ( IVD ) company , with headquarters in Ghent , Belgium .
The Paleontological Museum in Tocuila is located on the street 16 de Septiembre between streets Morelos and Benito Juárez in the community of San Miguel Tocuila , Texcoco , Mexico State , Mexico .
Quzumkənd ( Armenian : Քերթ , Kert ) is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Wąchock ( ˈvɔ̃xɔt͡sk ) is a town in Starachowice County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , Poland , near Starachowice .
The University of the Punjab , Khanspur ( also referred to as Punjab University , Jhelum campus or PUJC ) ( Urdu : جامعہ پنجاب، خانسپور‎ ) is a public research university in Khanspur , Punjab , Pakistan .
Jogandabhavi ( Kannada : ) is a panchayat village in Shorapur taluka of Yadgir district in Karnataka state , India .
Barnato Park High School is a co - educational school located in Berea , Johannesburg , South Africa .
Uralo - Kavkaz ( Ukrainian : Урало-Кавказ , Russian : Урало-Кавказ ) is an urban - type settlement in Krasnodon Municipality in the southeastern part of Luhansk Oblast , Ukraine .
Cape Mudge Lighthouse is located on Quadra Island which is off the coast of Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada .
Exmouth Peninsula also known as Promontorio Exmouth is a peninsula in southern Chile , located at approximately 49 degrees south and 74 degrees west , near Puerto Edén .
Gamla stan ( Swedish : ( ˈɡamːˈla ˈstɑːn ) , The Old Town ) , until 1980 officially Staden mellan broarna ( The Town between the Bridges ) , is the old town of Stockholm , Sweden .
Sagiada ( Greek : Σαγιάδα ) is a village and a former municipality in Thesprotia , Epirus , Greece .
Świecie County ( Polish : powiat świecki ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , north - central Poland .
Dortmunder Hansa refers to a number of beers from Dortmund , Germany , brewed by Dortmunder Hansa Brewery , a division of Dortmunder Actien Brauerei .
Pavelló Club Joventut Badalona ( also known as Pavelló dels Països Catalans ) is an indoor arena located in Badalona , Catalonia , Spain .
Montesclaros High School is located in the town of Reinosa , Cantabria , a region in the North of Spain .
Tighab ( Persian : تيغاب‎ , also Romanized as Tīghāb ; also known as Tegha and Tūghāb ) is a village in Paskuh Rural District , Sedeh District , Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Solnahallen is a basketball arena in Solna Municipality , Stockholm County , Sweden which holds about 2,000 people .
Čiginj ( pronounced ( tʃiˈɡiːn ) ) is a settlement south of Volče in the Municipality of Tolmin in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
In ancient geography , the Ligures Baebiani were a settlement of Ligurians in Samnium , Italy .
Lashtu ( Persian : لشتو‎ , also Romanized as Lashtū ; also known as Lashtoon ) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District , in the Central District of Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Tanjung Kling Power Station is one of the oldest power stations operating in Malaysia , located in Tanjung Kling , Melaka .
Dessie Zuria ( Amharic `` Greater Dessie Area '' ) is one of the woredas in the Amhara Region of Ethiopia .
Sauka parish ( Latvian : Saukas pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Viesīte Municipality , Latvia .
Dalheim ( Luxembourgish : Duelem ) is a commune and town in south - eastern Luxembourg .
Hudson , Quebec , Canada , is an off - island suburb of Montreal , with a population of 5,135 ( 2006 Census ) .
Sácama ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈsakama ) ) is a town and municipality in the Department of Casanare , Colombia .
The Point of Sangomar is a sand spit located on the Atlantic Ocean at the mouth of the Saloum Delta , which marks the end of the Petite Côte west of Senegal .
Salses - le - Château or just Salses is a commune in the Pyrénées - Orientales department in southern France .
Majene Regency ( Indonesian : Kabupaten Majene ) is one of the five regencies which comprise West Sulawesi Province , Indonesia , on the island of Sulawesi .
Ünye ( Oenòe , Οινόη in ancient Greek ) is a large town and district of Ordu Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey , 76 km west of the city of Ordu .
Clinton Plaza was a thriving but short - lived nightlife district in Bangkok , Thailand , on Sukhumvit Road between Soi 13 and Soi 15 .
Domah or Doma is a mandal in Rangareddi district of Telangana , India .
Stenkumla Church ( Swedish : Stenkumla kyrka ) is a medieval Lutheran church on the island of Gotland , Sweden .
Besora Castle is a castle located in the Vall de Lord , in the municipality of Santa Maria de Besora , between Navès and the Serra de Busa , in the comarca of Solsonès in the province of Lleida , Catalonia , Spain .
Hammerstein Schwebebahn Station is a railstation in Germany .
Licey al Medio is a municipality ( municipio ) of the Santiago province in the Dominican Republic .
The historic Moose Jaw Court House building is located in downtown Moose Jaw , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Khirki Urqu ( Quechua khirki armadillo , urqu mountain , `` armadillo mountain '' , , hispanicized spelling Querque Orjo ) is a mountain in the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,000 m ( 16,404 ft ) high .
The Interactive Institute ( also known as Interactive Institute Swedish ICT ) is an experimental research institute in the fields of information and communications technology , interaction design , and visualization , operating in Sweden .
Pertoča ( pronounced ( ˈpɛːɾtɔtʃa ) ; in older sources also Prtoča , Hungarian : Perestó , German : St. Helena , Prekmurje Slovene : Pertoče ) is a village in the municipality of Rogašovci in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia .
Naryn Airport ( Kyrgyz : Нарын аэропорту , Russian : Нарынский аэропорт ) ( IATA : none ( НЫН ) , ICAO : UAFN ) is an airport serving Naryn , a city in Naryn Province ( oblast ) of Kyrgyzstan .
Čelovnik ( pronounced ( tʃɛlɔu̯ˈniːk ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills north of Loka pri Zidanem Mostu in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia .
Moghar ( Persian : مغار‎ , also Romanized as Moghār ) is a village in Vargahan Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Maleme ( Greek : Μάλεμε ) is a small village and military airport 16 km ( 9.9 mi ) to the west of Chania , in North Western Crete , Greece .
Dang Wangi is an area in the city centre of Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia situated north from the Dataran Merdeka , next to Bukit Nanas and located between the Gombak and Klang Rivers .
DR-6 is a designated dual - carriageway highway in the Dominican Republic and gives Santo Domingo a fast connection to the southwestern part of the republic bypassing the city of Bajos de Haina , and San Cristobal .
Bohinjska Bela ( pronounced ( bɔˈxiːnska ˈbeːla ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Bled in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Nymindegab lies in Southwest Jutland , Denmark , and is a former fishing village by the former outflow at the southern end of Ringkøbing Fjord .
Radomice Pierwsze ( radɔˈmit͡sɛ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morawica , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Canadian Thoroughbred Horse Society ( CTHS ) is an organization headquartered in Toronto , Canada that was founded in 1906 to assist Thoroughbred horse breeders .
Chakudar ( Persian : چكودر‎ , also Romanized as Chakūdar ) is a village in Marzdaran Rural District , Marzdaran District , Sarakhs County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The 1925 UCI Road World Championships took place in Apeldoorn , the Netherlands on 22 August 1925 .
Skadovsk ( Ukrainian : Скадовськ , translit . Skadovs’k ) is a port city on the Black Sea in the Kherson Oblast ( province ) of southern Ukraine .
Halton High School is a coeducational , private university / college preparatory secondary school in the city of Toronto , Canada .
Wola Więcławska ( ˈvɔla vjɛnt͡sˈwafska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowice , within Kraków County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Belebathan is a census town under Raniganj police station of Asansol subdivision in Barddhaman district in the state of West Bengal , India .
Kostrzyn ( ˈkɔstʂɨn ) ( German : Kostschin ) is a town in Poland , in the Greater Poland Voivodeship , with 8,398 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Uerikon ( also spelled Ürikon ) is a village near Rapperswil , Switzerland .
Manglerud is a borough in the Østensjø district of Oslo , Norway .
Majlis Perbandaran Tawau ( MPT ) or Tawau Municipal Council is the municipal council which administrates the town and municipalities area of Tawau in the state of Sabah , Malaysia .
Tabor Mountain Ski Resort , also known as Tabor Mountain Alpine Resort , is a ski resort located 20 km ( 12 mi ) east of Prince George , British Columbia , Canada , adjacent to BC Hwy 16 on Mount Tabor .
Szumiłowo ( ʂumiˈwɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzyń Chełmiński , within Grudziądz County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Vessu has a literacy rate of more than 70 ℅ (Census of India , 2011 ) .
Bom Princípio do Piauí is a municipality in the state of Piauí in the Northeast region of Brazil .
Revolutionary Anti - Racist Action or Revolutionaire Anti - Racistische Actie , often abbreviated RaRa was a Dutch Revolutionary group , although in the Netherlands the group was called a ' political violent activist'-group .
Wulmstorf ( Low German : Wulmsdörp ) is a village in the municipality Neu Wulmstorf in the district Harburg in the north east of Lower Saxony , Germany .
Visselhövede ( German pronunciation : ( fɪsəlˈhøːvədə ) ) is a town in the district of Rotenburg in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Gary Allan High School ( GAHS ) is a public secondary school located in Halton Region , Ontario , Canada .
Stary Gózd ( ˈstarɨ ˈɡust ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Błotnica , within Białobrzegi County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Labweh ( Arabic : اللبوة‎ ) , Laboué , Labwe or Al - Labweh is a village at an elevation of 950 metres ( 3,120 ft ) on a foothill of the Anti - Lebanon mountains in the Baalbek District of Lebanon .
Yong'an ( Chinese : 永安 ; pinyin : Yǒng'ān ; Wade -- Giles : Yung - an ) is a county - level city in west - central Fujian province , People 's Republic of China .
Arichuwa ( Aymara or Quechua for a kind of potatoes , hispanicized spellings Arechua , Arichua ) is a volcano in the Andes of Peru , about 5,150 metres ( 16,896 ft ) high .
Fair Isle is the most remote inhabited island in the United Kingdom .
Kebdana is a Riffian tribe of Berber origin that lives in the Rif mountainous region of northern Morocco , at east of the city of Nador .
Valdemarsvik Municipality ( Valdemarsviks kommun ) is a municipality in Östergötland County in southeast Sweden .
The Bratislava City Gallery ( Slovak : Galéria mesta Bratislava , abbr . GMB ) is a gallery located in Bratislava , Slovakia , in the Old Town .
Eschweiler ( German pronunciation : ( ˈɛʃvaɪlɐ ) ) is a municipality in the district of Aachen in North Rhine - Westphalia in Germany on the river Inde , near the German - Belgian - Dutch frontier , and about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) east of Aachen and 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) west of Cologne .
The Milan Planetarium ( in Italian , Planetario di Milano ) is the largest and most important planetarium in Italy .
Mehrabadu ( Persian : مهرابادو‎ , also Romanized as Mehrābādū ; also known as Mehrābād ) is a village in Sofla Rural District , Zavareh District , Ardestan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Porto Santo Golfe is a 27-hole golf club on scenic Porto Santo Island , in Madeira , Portugal .
The Parish of the Holy Sacrifice , also the Church of the Holy Sacrifice , is a landmark Catholic chapel in the University of the Philippines Diliman .
Gamsfeld ( 2,027 m ) is a mountain in Salzburg , Austria .
Dusheti ( Georgian : დუშეთი ) is a town in Georgia , the administrative center of Dusheti Municipality , situated in the Mtskheta - Mtianeti region , 54 km northeast of the nation 's capital of Tbilisi .
Neitsijärv is a lake of Estonia 's southern district of Valga .
Gavieze parish ( Latvian : Gaviezes pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Grobiņa Municipality , Latvia .
Pełele ( pɛˈwɛlɛ ) , ( Lithuanian : Peleliai ) , is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
Fixin is a commune in the Côte - d'Or department in the Bourgogne region on the Grand Crus route in eastern France .
Dewadaru Airport ( IATA : KWB , ICAO : WARU ) is an airport serving Karimun Java , an archipelago in Central Java province of Indonesia .
Glasgow ( /ˈɡlɑːzɡoʊ , ˈɡlæ- , -s-/ GLA(H)Z - goh , GLA(H)S - goh ; Scots : Glesga ; Scottish Gaelic : Glaschu ( ˈkl̪ˠas̪xu ) ) is the largest city in Scotland , and the third largest in the United Kingdom ( after London and Birmingham ) .
Maguwo was a landing ground on the eastern outskirts of Yogyakarta , Java , Indonesia which was in use in the 1940s .
Rusyliv Falls ( Ukrainian : Русилівські водоспади ) is located on the Rusyliv river in the Buchach Raion , Ternopil Oblast , Ukraine , a few km to the east from village of Rusyliv .
The Capital Hoedown is an annual outdoor music festival that takes place the second weekend of August in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Nowy Szelków ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈʂɛlkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szelków , within Maków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Lovere is a town and comune in the province of Bergamo , in Lombardy , Italy , at the northwest end of Lake Iseo .
Chefe Aquimo is a village in Ancuabe District in Cabo Delgado Province in northeastern Mozambique .
Čirčiče ( pronounced ( ˈtʃiːɾtʃitʃɛ ) ; German : Zirtschitsch ) is a former settlement in the Municipality of Kranj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
İkinci Əlicanlı ( also , İkinci Alıcanlı , Alidzhanly Vtoryye , Alydzhanly , Alydzhanly Vtoroy , and Alydzhanly Vtoroye ) is a village and municipality in the Zardab Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Hunton Park is a large country house and estate in Abbots Langley , in south west Hertfordshire in the United Kingdom .
The Nonne ( also Nonnenstein ) is a roughly 18 m high , isolated standing , sandstone rock and climbing peak in Saxon Switzerland in Germany .
The Museo de las Casas Reales ( English : Museum of the Royal Houses ) is one of the important cultural monuments built during the colonial era in Hispaniola , now the Dominican Republic .
The Landgericht Berlin is the largest Landgericht in Germany , with about 900 employees .
The NightRider was a network of bus services in Melbourne , Australia .
Lorca - Sutullena railway station is a station in Lorca , Spain .
Nozhay - Yurt ( Russian : Ножай-Юрт ; Chechen : Ножи-Koрт ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Nozhay - Yurtovsky District of the Chechen Republic , Russia .
Taiping Hospital or formerly known as Yong Wah Hospital was the first hospital established in Malaysia .
Lake Chiuta is a shallow lake on the border between Malawi and Mozambique .
The Sopoćani monastery ( Serbian Cyrillic : Сопоћани ) ( pronounced ( sǒpotɕani ) ) , an endowment of King Stefan Uroš I of Serbia , was built in the second half of the 13th century , near the source of the Raška River in the region of Ras , the centre of the Serbian medieval state .
Ečka ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ечка , Serbian pronunciation : ( êtʃka ) ) is a village located in the Zrenjanin municipality , in the Central Banat District of Serbia .
The Château de Creully is an 11th- and 12th - century castle located in the town of Creully in the Calvados département of France .
Qarqin is a town located in the northern part of Qarqin District , Jowzjan Province , Afghanistan at 37.4128 ° N 66.0472 ° E at 249 m altitude on the southern bank of the Amu Darya River .
Pukaha Mount Bruce Wildlife Centre is a wildlife restoration centre at a protected forest area on State Highway 2 in New Zealand 's Tararua district .
Ma'ayan Baruch ( Hebrew : מַעְיַן בָּרוּךְ , lit . Blessed Spring ) is a kibbutz in northern Israel .
Vlašim ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈvlaʃɪm ) ; German : Wlaschim ) is a town in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
The Alphonse Group belong to the Outer Islands of the Seychelles , lying in the southwest of the island nation , 403 kilometres southwest the capital , Victoria , on Mahé Island .
The Fenerbahçe Lighthouse ( Turkish : Fenerbahçe Feneri ) , a historical lighthouse still in use , is located on the northern coast of Sea of Marmara at Fenerbahçe neighborhood of Kadıköy district in Istanbul , Turkey .
Suluan is a small island barangay in the Philippines , in the province of Eastern Samar .
Markeh Mahalleh ( Persian : معركه محله‎ , also Romanized as Markeh Maḩalleh ; also known as Markī Maḩalleh ) is a village in Chehel Chay Rural District , in the Central District of Minudasht County , Golestan Province , Iran .
The Lanark Hydro Electric Scheme is the first of its kind in the United Kingdom to produce a clean renewable energy , using water from the falls Clyde to power homes and meet the demand for electricity after WWI .
The Women 's National Cricket League ( WNCL ) is the national competition for women 's cricket in Australia .
Sir Captain Charles Kirkconnell International Airport ( IATA : CYB , ICAO : MWCB ) is an airport located on Cayman Brac , Cayman Islands .
Tircan ( also , Tirdzhan ) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan , a nation bordered by Iran , Russia , Georgia , and Armenia .
Charing Cross Hospital is an acute general teaching hospital located in Hammersmith , London , United Kingdom .
Andriambavontsona ( also Andribavontsona or Andrimbavontsona ) is a town and commune ( Malagasy : kaominina ) in Madagascar .
Ennedi Region was a former region of Chad .
War Museum of Chania is a museum in Chania , Crete , Greece , annex of the War Museum of Athens .
The Swedish Film Institute supports Swedish filmmaking and allocates grants for production , distribution and public showing of Swedish films in Sweden .
Nanyang University ( Chinese : 南洋大学 , abbreviated Nantah , 南大 ) was a university in Singapore from 1956 to 1980 .
Chaitén Airfield ( Spanish : Aeródromo Chaitén , IATA : WCH , ICAO : SCTN ) is a public use airport located near Chaitén , Los Lagos , Chile .
Dast - e Khezr ( Persian : دستخضر‎ , also Romanized as Dast - e Kheẕr ; also known as Kheẕr ) is a village in Kaftarak Rural District , in the Central District of Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Trachselwald Castle ( German : Schloss Trachselwald ) is a castle in the municipality of Trachselwald in the canton of Bern , Switzerland .
Inokovka ( Russian : Иноковка ) is a settlement in Rzhaksinsky District of Tambov Oblast , Russia .
Hovsta is a locality and a parish situated in Örebro Municipality , Örebro County , Sweden with 2,785 inhabitants in 2010 .
Magusipol Island ( variously Magusipal ) is an uninhabited islet in northeastern Iloilo , Philippines .
Lindwedel is a municipality in the administrative division of Schwarmstedt , in the Heidekreis region of Lower Saxony , Germany .
Prince Edward Air Ltd. is an airline formerly headquartered in Charlottetown , Prince Edward Island , Canada .
The Tes River ( Mongolian : Тэс гол ; Tyvan : Тес-Хем ) is a river in northwestern Mongolia and southern Tuva , Russia .
Venkojipalem is a locality in Visakhapatanam City in Andhra Pradesh State , India .
Baicheng ( Chinese : 白城 ; pinyin : Báichéng ; literally : `` White City '' ) is a prefecture - level city in the northwestern part of Jilin province , People 's Republic of China , bordering Inner Mongolia to the north and west and Heilongjiang to the east and northeast .
The Rossbode Glacier ( German : Rossbodegletscher ) is a 3.5 km long glacier ( 2005 ) situated in the Pennine Alps in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
The Vélodrome de Vincennes ( officially Vélodrome Jacques Anquetil - La Cipale ) is a cycling stadium in the Bois de Vincennes , Paris , France .
Aussonce is a French commune in the Ardennes department in the Champagne - Ardenne region of north - eastern France .
Osiecza Pierwsza ( ɔˈɕɛt͡ʂa ˈpjɛrfʂa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzgów , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
San Jorge Lake is a lake in the Guarayos Province / Marbán Province , Beni Department , Bolivia .
Rørvika ( or Rørvik ) is a village in the municipality of Rissa in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
The Erfurt Stadtbahn is a light rail ( German : Stadtbahn ) network that is the basic public transit system of Erfurt , the capital Thuringia in Germany .
Key Island , with the adjacent Key Reef , is a granite island , with an area of 6 ha , in south - eastern Australia .
Kanteerava Indoor Stadium , also known as the Sree or Sri Kanteerava Indoor Stadium , is an indoor sporting arena located in Bangalore , India , near Cubbon Park , within the heart of city in the Central Administrative Area .
Hathiwind , also known as Hathi Pind , is a village in the Sargodha District of Punjab province , Pakistan .
Jangan - gu , established on July 1 , 1988 , is the northern district of the city of Suwon in Gyeonggi - do , South Korea .
Krzywice - Kolonia ( kʂɨˈvʲit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełm , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Castle of Melfi in Basilicata is a monument owned by the Italian State and one of the most important medieval castles in Southern Italy .
Thalaiyar Falls , also known as Rat Tail Falls is located in the Palani Hills of Dindigul District , Tamil Nadu State , South India .
Mondorf - les - Bains ( Luxembourgish : Munneref , German : Bad Mondorf ) is a commune and town in south - eastern Luxembourg .
Alicún de Ortega is a city located at the province of Granada , Spain .
Guyzheh - ye Bala ( Persian : گويژه بالا‎ , also Romanized as Gūyzheh - ye Bālā ) is a village in Kakavand - e Gharbi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Mazraeh - ye Molla Hadi ( Persian : مزرعه ملاهادي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Mollā Hādī ) is a village in Sahrarud Rural District , in the Central District of Fasa County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
The County of Tanjil ( sometimes spelled Tangil ) is one of the 37 counties of Victoria which are part of the cadastral divisions of Australia , used for land titles .
Kadod is a town located in the Bardoli Tehsil of Surat District , Gujarat state , India and situated on the bank of the Tapti River .
Universitas Siswa Bangsa Internasional ( also known by the acronym USBI ) , or Sampoerna University , is an international university located in Jakarta , Indonesia .
Obere Aller is a Verbandsgemeinde ( `` collective municipality '' ) in the Börde district in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
The Longai River is a trans - boundary river in India and Bangladesh .
Old Kea ( Cornish : Lanndege ) is a hamlet in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Lake Zug ( German : Zugersee ) is a lake in Central Switzerland , situated between Lake Lucerne and Lake Zurich .
The Pech River ( Pashto : پېچ سيند‎ ) is located in eastern Afghanistan .
East West Bus Company is a privately owned bus operator in Melbourne , Australia .
Neshuro is an administrative center for Mwenezi District in Masvingo Province , south - eastern Zimbabwe .
An Area redevelopment plan is an urban planning designation created by municipalities in Alberta , Canada for the purposes of facilitating development in specific geographic areas .
Omereque is a location in the Cochabamba Department in central Bolivia .
Technology Park Bentley is Australia 's second oldest technology park .
Sunset Hospital is a former hospital and aged care facility located in Dalkeith , Western Australia .
Lançon - Provence ( also known as Lançon - de - Provence ) is a commune in the Bouches - du - Rhône department in southern France .
Dobramyśl ( dɔˈbramɨɕl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osieczna , within Leszno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Loisey - Culey is a former commune in the Meuse department in Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Bab Torsh ( Persian : بابترش‎ , also Romanized as Bāb Torsh and Bāb - e Torsh ; also known as Darreh Torsh and Darreh Tursh ) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Termas del Daymán ( which means Hot Springs of Daymán ) is a resort and populated centre in the Salto Department of northwestern Uruguay .
Cabots Landing Provincial Park is a small picnic and beach park on the shore of Aspy Bay in the community of Sugarloaf , 10 kilometres ( 6.2 mi ) north of the Cabot Trail on Cape Breton Island , Nova Scotia , Canada .
Sveti Grgur ( Croatian pronunciation : ( svȇtī gr̂guːr ) , Italian : San Gregorio ) is an uninhabited island in Croatia , on the Adriatic Sea between Rab and Krk .
Maksutlu Dam is a dam in Turkey .
Konyan is a historical region located in the Nzérékoré Region of Guinea .
Leshniv ( Ukrainian : Лешнів ) is a village ( selo ) in Brodivskyi Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
Tarcze ( ˈtart͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Pickwick Cricket Club is a Barbados cricket club .
Navegantes is a coastal and tourist city located in Santa Catarina state , southern Brazil .
Marsella is a town and municipality in the Department of Risaralda , Colombia .
Line - crosser is a Dutch concept from World War II . The name is used to refer to 21 people , mostly from Werkendam , who during the last months of the war maintained a secret connection between occupied and liberated Netherlands across the Biesbosch and the Merwede .
Bad Nenndorf is a small town in the district of Schaumburg , Lower Saxony , Germany .
Aversa Cathedral ( Italian : Duomo di Aversa , Cattedrale di San Paolo ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in the city of Aversa in the province of Caserta , Campania , Italy .
Bossonnens ( Arpitan : Bossounin ) is a municipality in the district of Veveyse in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland .
Hwange District is an administrative district in northwestern Zimbabwe , in southern Africa .
DN6 ( Romanian : Drumul Naţional 6 ) is a national road in Romania which links Bucharest with the Banat region in the western part of the country and further to the East - European capitals Budapest and Belgrade .
Pelwadiya ( පැල්වාඩිය ) is a village situated in the Sabaragamuwa Province of southwestern Sri Lanka .
Yanfolila Cercle is an administrative subdivision of the Sikasso Region of southern Mali .
Niskajärvi is a lake located in Kouvola municipality , in Eastern Finland .
The Wolverton to Newport Pagnell Line was a railway branch line in Buckinghamshire , United Kingdom running from Wolverton on the London and North Western Railway ( LNWR ) ( today 's West Coast Main Line ) to Newport Pagnell .
The Kanashen ( or Konashen ) Community Owned Conservation ( COCA ) is Guyana 's first community - owned area that is legally protected ; it is primarily inhabited by the Wai - Wai indigenous group .
Agios Alexandros ( Greek : Άγιος Αλέξανδρος ) is a settlement in the northeastern part of the Aegean island of Lemnos , Greece .
Halfway Islet is a small island in the Boydong cays , Shelburne Bay in far north Queensland , Australia about 100 km north of Cape Grenville , Cape York Peninsula in the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Queensland , Australia .
Vivel del Río Martín is a municipality located in Cuencas Mineras , Teruel Province , Aragon , Spain .
Kovno Governorate ( Russian : Ковенская губеpния or Kovenskaja gubernija ; Lithuanian : Kauno gubernija ) or Government of Kaunas was a governorate ( guberniya ) of the Russian Empire .
Kreminna ( Ukrainian : Кремінна , Russian : Кременная ) is a city in Luhansk Oblast ( region ) of Ukraine .
Helgheim Church ( Norwegian : Helgheim kyrkje ) is a parish church in Jølster Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Bososo is a town in Eastern Region , southern Ghana .
Abra Pampa is a town and municipality in Jujuy Province in Argentina , and is the capital of the Department of Cochinoca .
Perasma ( Greek : Πέρασμα ; Bulgarian and Macedonian Slavic : Кучковени , Kučkoveni , Greek : Κουτσκοβαίνη , Koutskovaini ) is a village and a former municipality in Florina regional unit , West Macedonia , Greece .
School District 71 Comox Valley is a school district on Vancouver Island in British Columbia , Canada .
Shizand ( Persian : شيزند‎ , also Romanized as Shīzand ) is a village in Afshariyeh Rural District , Khorramdasht District , Takestan County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Parr 's Bank Limited was founded as Parr & Co. in Warrington , then in the county of Lancashire in the United Kingdom .
El Bosque Airport ( Spanish : Aeródromo El Bosque ) ( ICAO : SCBQ ) , is an airport located in El Bosque , Santiago , Chile .
Likstammen is a lake of Södermanland , Sweden .
Varekai completed its first North American tour in Vancouver , Canada on July 23 , 2006 .
Kur Abbaslu ( Persian : كورعباسلو‎ , also Romanized as Kūr `` Abbāslū ) is a village in Yurchi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Kuraim District , Nir County , Ardabil Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 185 , in 71 families .
The flora and fauna of the Sierra de Guadarrama is very diverse , reflecting something of a synthesis between species common to the mediterranean landscape and climate of Spain 's Central Plateau , and the more specialized plants and animals native to the higher altitude and mountainous terrain of the Pyrenees and Alps .
Kramsk - Pole ( ˈkramsk ˈpɔlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kramsk , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Vecsaliena Manor ( Latvian : Vecsalienas muižas pils ) , also called Červonka Manor ( Polish : Czerwony dwór ) because of its red brick construction , is a manor house in Červonka , Daugavpils municipality , Latvia in the historical region of Selonia .
Bongpyeong - myeon ( Hangul : 봉평면 ; hanja : 蓬坪面 ) is a myeon ( township ) in Pyeongchang county of Gangwon - do South Korea .
Alavi Culture and Technology Centre ( Persian : كشت وصنعت علوي‎ -- Kesht va Şanʿat ʿAlavī ) is a village and culture and technology centre in Hakimabad Rural District , in the Central District of Zarandieh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Vavuniya railway station ( Tamil : வவுனியா தொடருந்து நிலையம் Vavuṉiyā toṭaruntu nilaiyam ) is a railway station in the city of Vavuniya in northern Sri Lanka .
Dragaljevac ( Cyrillic : Драгаљевац ) is a place located west of the city of Bijeljina in Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Piskorovce ( Hungarian : Királyhegy ) is a village and municipality in Vranov nad Topľou District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia .
Metro Station - Samaypur Badli Railway Station - Badli ( preferably situated in samaypur ) Bus Stations - Libaspur , Samaypur , Badli Railway Station State Bank of India - Samaypur Vijaya Bank - Samaypur Post Office ( Samaypur ) Police Station Samaypur HDFC Bank - Samaypur
The Geneva Airport railway station ( French : Gare de Genève - Aéroport ) is a train station located under the runway of Geneva International Airport ( French : Aéroport international de Genève ) ( IATA code : GVA ) , in Grand - Saconnex , Geneva , Switzerland .
Kiptere is a village located approximately 25 Kilometres from Kericho town in the Rift Valley Province of Kenya .
Nanxiong ( Chinese : 南雄 ; pinyin : Nánxióng ) historically Namyung is a county - level city of northern Guangdong province , People 's Republic of China , bordering Jiangxi to the north , east and southeast .
German submarine U-568 was a Type VIIC U - boat built for Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine for service during World War II . She was laid down on 27 April 1940 by Blohm & Voss in Hamburg as yard number 544 , launched on 6 March 1941 and commissioned on 1 May 1941 under Kptlt .
Modliny ( mɔdˈlinɨ ) ( German : Modlainen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziorany , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Karim Haseleh - ye Sofla ( Persian : كريم حاصله سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Karīm Ḩaşeleh - ye Soflá ) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District , in the Central District of Eslamabad - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Chajew - Kolonia ( ˈxajɛf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brąszewice , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Moinak Hydro Power Plant ( Мойнақ СЭС-і ) is a hydro power plant on the Sharyn River south of Almaty in Almaty Province of Kazakhstan .
Ingå ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ˈiŋo ) ; Finnish : Inkoo ) is a municipality of Finland .
Kot pri Ribnici ( pronounced ( ˈkoːt pɾi ˈɾiːbnitsi ) ; German : Winkel ) is a settlement west of the town of Ribnica in the Municipality of Ribnica in southern Slovenia .
Mount Dick is a 705-metre ( 2313 ft ) peak on Adams Island , the second - largest of New Zealand 's Auckland Island chain .
Alofi Bay is the northern of the two large bays which make up most of the west coast of the island of Niue , the other being Avatele Bay south of it .
The United Kingdom Census 2011 recorded three settlements as a ward , as Woodmansterne is not large enough in population to merit a ward of it own .
Kobylany - Skorupki ( kɔbɨˈlanɨ skɔˈrupki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Repki , within Sokołów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Moscow Cathedral Mosque ( Russian : Московская соборная мечеть , Moskovskaya sobornaya mechet ) is the main mosque of Moscow , Russia .
Dillberg transmitter is a transmitting facility of the Bavarian Broadcasting Company ( German : Bayerischer Rundfunk ) on the 595 metre high Dillberg mountain west of Neumarkt in der Oberpfalz , Bavaria , Germany .
PBS 106.7FM ( call sign : 3PBS ) , also known as the Progressive Broadcasting Service , is a co - operatively owned community radio station in Melbourne , Australia , that broadcasts on 106.7FM , Digital radio and online .
Lastovce ( Hungarian : Lasztóc ) is a village and municipality in the Trebišov District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia .
Brønnøysund Bridge ( Norwegian : Brønnøysundbrua ) is a cantilevered road bridge near the town of Brønnøysund in Brønnøy municipality in Nordland county , Norway .
Kahatowita(sinhala:කහටෝවිට Tamil:கஹடோவிட ) is a village in the Attanagalla electorate , Gampaha District , Western Province , Sri Lanka .
North Tapanuli Regency ( Tapanuli Utara in Indonesian , utara means north ) is a regency in North Sumatra province , Sumatra , Indonesia .
Stary Oskol Airport ( also given as Staryy Oskol ) ( ICAO : UUOS ) is an airport in Russia located 6 km northwest of Stary Oskol .
Faleh - e Sarqaleh ( Persian : فالح سرقلعه‎ , also Romanized as Fāleḩ - e Sarqal``eh ) is a village in Susan - e Sharqi Rural District , Susan District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 121 , in 25 families .
Lake Bato is a freshwater lake and the 7th largest in the Philippines .
Malmö Bulltofta Airport ( Swedish : Malmö - Bulltofta flygplats ; IATA : MMA , ICAO : ESMM ) was from 1923 to 1972 the main airport serving the city of Malmö , Sweden .
Jeníčkova Lhota is part of the Chotoviny municipality in the Czech Republic .
Gorriti Island ( Spanish : Isla Gorriti ) is a small island near the shores of Punta del Este , Uruguay .
Suçma ( also , Suchma ) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Morro da Boa Vista ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈmoʁu dɐ ˈboɐ ˈvistɐ ) ) is the highest mountain in the Brazilian state of Santa Catarina , the highest at Serra Geral and the third highest in Southern Brazil , after Pico Paraná and Pico Caratuva , at 1,827 metres ( 5,994 ft ) .
The City of Geelong was a local government area about 75 kilometres ( 47 mi ) southwest of Melbourne , the state capital of Victoria , Australia .
Kolonia Lubeckiego ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈkoloɲa lubetʂˈkʲɛɡɔ ) ; English : Lubecki Colony ) is a historical housing estate in the Ochota district of Warsaw , Poland , bordered by the streets Fitrowa , Krzywicki , Wawel , Grojecka and Plac Narutowicza .
Villares de la Reina is a municipality in the province of Salamanca , western Spain , part of the autonomous community of Castile - Leon , on the outskirts of Salamanca city .
Kalri Jagir ( Hindi : कलरी जागीर , Kalarī jāgīra ; Punjabi : ਕਲਰੀ ਜਾਗੀਰ ; Urdu : کلری جگر ) is a village in the district Karnal , Haryana , ( India ) .
The 16th arrondissement of Paris ( also known as `` Arrondissement de Passy '' ) is one of the 20 arrondissements ( administrative districts ) of Paris , the capital city of France .
Avelar is a civil parish of the municipality of Ansião , Portugal .
Shituru is a town that is now part of the city of Likasi in Katanga Province , Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Grant McConachie Way is a three - to - six lane expressway in Richmond and Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Kėdainiai ( pronunciation , also known by several other names ) is one of the oldest cities in Lithuania .
Anesrif ( Arabic : و.و.د.م.ا.ا.س.ح‎ ) is a transport business created by the government of Algeria , to expand and modernise the Algerian railway system .
5 - 4 - 3 - 2-Run is a Canadian game show for kids that ran from about 1988 to 1990 on CTV in Canada and on many independent stations in the United States .
Mae Na Wang ( Thai : แม่นาวาง ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mae Ai District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Kwajo Cinqo performed again with Ghetto Concept on March 29 , 2011 at CBC 's Hip - Hop Summit , along with fellow Canadian artists Maestro Fresh Wes , Michie Mee , and Dream Warriors at an event that was the first of its kind in Canada .
Chmielkowo ( xmjɛlˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osieczna , within Leszno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Fazaia Education System School , previously known as Shaheen School System , is a school system in Islamabad , Pakistan .
Boglewice ( bɔɡlɛˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasieniec , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Al Bateen Executive Airport ( IATA : AZI , ICAO : OMAD ) is a dedicated business jet airport located 6.5 nautical miles ( 12.0 km ; 7.5 mi ) south east Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates .
Obinze is a village in southeastern Nigeria , located near the city of Owerri .
Azbukovica is a highland area in western Serbia , on the border with Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Vistən ( also , Vistan ) is a village and municipality in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Zezezino ( Russian : Зезезино ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Idrinsky District of Krasnoyarsk Krai , Russia .
Losail International Circuit ( also Lusail International Circuit ) ( حلبة لوسيل الدولية ) is a motor racing circuit located just outside in the town of Lusail , north of Doha , Qatar .
The road that is now Kawartha Lakes Road 49 started in 1853 , when an act of parliament set forth the building of colonization roads into what was then the frontier of Upper Canada .
Səpnəkəran ( also , Sapnakeran and Sapnaperan ) is a village and municipality in the Lankaran Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Svogerslev is a small satellite town located four kilometres west of Roskilde , Denmark .
Jockey Plaza is a shopping center in the Santiago de Surco district of Lima , Peru .
The Goldfields Water Supply Scheme is a pipeline and dam project which delivers potable water to communities in Western Australia 's Eastern Goldfields , particularly Coolgardie and Kalgoorlie .
Chełmno ( ˈxɛu̯mnɔ ) ( older English : Culm ; German : Kulm ) is a town in northern Poland near the Vistula river with 20,000 inhabitants and the historical capital of Chełmno Land .
Bjärsjöholm Castle or Bjersjöholm Castle ( Swedish : Bjärsjoholm slott or Bjersjöholm slott ) is a Renaissance castle from the 16th century , 3 km northwest of Ystad , Scania , in southern Sweden .
Simpelejärvi is a medium - sized lake in the Parikkala municipality in South Karelia region in Finland .
The Colegio de Doncellas Nobles was a school for girls founded in 1551 in Toledo , Spain , and placed under royal patronage .
Shahruk ( Persian : شهروك‎ , also Romanized as Shahrūk ; also known as Shahrak ) is a village in Karvandar Rural District , in the Central District of Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Poljane pri Primskovem ( pronounced ( pɔˈljaːnɛ pɾi ˈpɾiːmskɔʋɛm ) ; German : Polane ) is a small dispersed settlement in the Primskovo area in central Slovenia .
Ženavlje ( pronounced ( ʒɛˈnaːu̯ljɛ ) ; Hungarian : Gyanafa ) is a village in the Municipality of Gornji Petrovci in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia .
Aizpute Castle is a Livonian Order castle in the town of Aizpute in the historical region of Courland , in western Latvia .
Faramush Jan ( Persian : فراموشجان‎ , also Romanized as Farāmūsh Jān and Faramoosh Jan ) is a village in Chenarud - e Shomali Rural District , Chenarud District , Chadegan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Kurukshetra ( pronunciation ; Hindi : कुरुक्षेत्र ) is a city in the state of Haryana , India .
The Salève is a mountain of the French Prealps located in the departement of Haute - Savoie ( France ) .
Mandi Burewala railway station ( Urdu : منڈی بورے والا ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Pakistan .
The Tjörn Bridge ( Swedish : Tjörnbron ) is a cable - stayed bridge which together with two smaller bridges connects Stenungsund on mainland Sweden with the island Tjörn on the western coast of the country .
Miecznikowo - Gołębie ( mjɛt͡ʂniˈkɔvɔ ɡɔˈwɛmbjɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny , within Nidzica County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Steinwache is a memorial museum in Dortmund , Germany .
It is part of the municipality of Aiseau - Presles in the province of Hainaut ( Wallonia region of Belgium ) .
The other places that may be seen from the Adlerstein include the Sayda and Brand Heights , Waldkirchen , Marienberg , Dittersdorfer Höhe and Pöhlberg in Germany , and the Jelení hora ( Haßberg ) , Hora Svaté Kateřiny ( Katharinaberg ) and the Čihadlo ( Lauschhübei ) in the Czech Republic .
The Mars 2 was an unmanned space probe of the Mars program , a series of unmanned Mars landers and orbiters launched by the Soviet Union in the early 1970s .
Strazde parish ( Latvian : Strazdes pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Talsi District , Latvia .
Satopanth Tal is a lake in Uttarakhand , India , located in the midst of snow - capped peaks at an altitude of 4,600 metres ( 15,100 ft ) above sea - level .
Giffin Park is a sports venue in Coorparoo , a suburb in Brisbane , Australia .
The Bloukrans Bridge is an arch bridge located near Nature 's Valley , Western Cape , South Africa .
However , fierce competition by Walmart Canada and an inability to adjust to the increasing volatile retailing industry resulted in Zellers significantly losing ground in the 2000s and the subsequent acquisition of most of its stores by Target Canada in 2011 .
The Bijbehara town has population of 22,789 of which 12,057 are males while 10,732 are females as per report released by Census India 2011 .
Grootegast ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈɣroːtəˌɣɑst ) ) is a municipality and a village in the northeastern Netherlands .
Bagh Baba ( Persian : باغ بابا‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh Bābā ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Behbahan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Ador ( Valencian pronunciation : ( aˈðoɾ ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of Safor in the Valencian Community , Spain .
Hal`as Kunn Art Gallery , also known as Kalju maja , is an art gallery in Võru County , Meremäe rural municipality , in Obinitsa village in Estonia .
YMCA Camp Pine Crest is a summer camp in Muskoka Lakes , Ontario , Canada , near Torrance .
Brestanica railway station ( Slovene : Železniška postaja Brestanica ) is the principal railway station in Brestanica , Slovenia .
The River Trent is the third - longest river in the United Kingdom .
The Opfermoor Vogtei is an open - air museum at the location of a prehistoric and protohistoric sacrificial bog ( German : Opfermoor ) in the municipality of Vogtei , Thuringia , in Germany .
Şeidlər is a village and municipality in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Terra di Lavoro ( Liburia in Latin ) is the name of a historical region of southern Italy .
Sde Ya'akov ( Hebrew : שְׂדֵה יַעֲקֹב , lit . Ya'akov Field ) is a religious moshav in northern Israel .
Bimmen is a village of the town of Kleve , in the district of Kleve in the west of the federal state of North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Connemara Public Library at Egmore in Chennai , Tamil Nadu , India , is one of the four National Depository Libraries which receive a copy of all books , newspapers and periodicals published in India .
Marina Promenade is a cluster of six residential towers located in Dubai Marina in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Telki is a village near Budakeszi , in Hungary , some 10 km ( 6 mi ) away from Budapest .
The Address the BLVD is a 72-storey 370 m ( 1,214 ft ) skyscraper under construction in Downtown Dubai in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
The Gorgon gas project is a natural gas project in Western Australia , involving the development of the Greater Gorgon gas fields , subsea gas - gathering infrastructure , and a liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) plant on Barrow Island .
Davel is a settlement in the Mpumalanga province of South Africa .
Alpiarça ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ɐɫpiˈaɾsɐ ) ) is a municipality in Santarém District in Portugal .
Shiraz University of Medical Sciences ( SUMS ) ( Persian : دانشگاه علوم پزشکی شیراز Dāneshgāh - e Olum Pezeshki - e Shirāz‎‎ ) is a public medical school located in Shiraz , Iran .
The Green Belt of Glory is a war memorial surrounding Saint Petersburg , Russia , commemorating the Siege of Leningrad of the Second World War .
Hüttnersee ( `` Hüttenerweiher '' or `` Hüttnerseeli '' ) is a small lake at Hütten in the Canton of Zurich , Switzerland .
Hornsby Ku - ring - gai Hospital is a hospital in Sydney , Australia , located on Palmerston Road in Hornsby .
Trougout ( Amazigh : Trugut , ⵜⵔⵓⴳⵓⵜ , Arabic : تروكوت ) is a commune in the Driouch Province of the Oriental administrative region of Morocco .
Jahanabad - e Baraftab ( Persian : جهان ابادبرافتاب‎ , also Romanized as Jahānābād - e Barāftāb ; also known as Jahānābād and Jahānābād - e Bālā ) is a village in Dasht - e Rum Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Ottawa Real Estate Board ( OREB ) is a non - profit professional association of registered real estate brokers and salespeople in the Ottawa , Canada area .
The Bhairabi Temple is located on the outskirts Tezpur in Assam , India .
One Wall Centre , also known as the Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre North Tower , is a 48-storey , 157.8 m ( 518 ft ) skyscraper hotel with residential condominiums in the Wall Centre development at 1088 Burrard Street in Downtown Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Zmajevac ( Hungarian : Vörösmart ; Serbian Cyrillic : Змајевац ; Latin : Ad Novas ) is a settlement in the region of Baranja , Croatia .
The Krasta mine is a large mine located in central east Albania , adjacent to the town of Krastë in Dibër County , 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) as the crow flies , east of the capital , Tirana .
Osiedle Petrykozy ( ɔˈɕɛdlɛ pɛtrɨˈkɔzɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pabianice , within Pabianice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Château Lafite Rothschild is a wine estate in France , owned by members of the Rothschild family since the 19th century .
Ørestad ( Danish pronunciation : ( ˈøːɐsd̥að ) ) is a developing city area in Copenhagen , Denmark , on the island of Amager .
Tum Airport ( IATA : TUJ ) is an airport in southwestern Ethiopia .
Caño de Sancti Petri is a shallow channel in the province of Cádiz , Andalusia , southwestern Spain .
Fterrë ( definite Albanian form : Fterra ) is a village in the former commune of Lukovë , Vlorë County , southern Albania .
The Hermit Islands are a group of 17 islands within the Western Islands of the Bismarck Archipelago , Papua New Guinea .
Kacchi Plain or Kachhi Plain is located in southern Balochistan Province of southwestern Pakistan .
The Leniwka ( Polish pronunciation : ( lɛˈɲifka ) ) is a river in northern Poland , one of the branches of the Vistula .
Shankar Vihar is a residential complex for the serving Officers and their family of Indian Army , Indian Air Force & Indian Navy , provided by the Government of India .
Quşçu Körpüsü ( also , Kushchinskiy and Kushchinskiy Most ) is a village in the Dashkasan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Bagh - e Kahleh ( Persian : باغ كهله‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Kahleh ) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran .
The Twin Mountains Formation , also known as the Twin Mountain Formation , is a sedimentary rock formation , within the Trinity Group , found in Texas of the United States of America .
The Rhine - Neckar Metropolitan Region ( German : Metropolregion Rhein - Neckar ) , often referred to as Rhein - Neckar - Triangle is a polycentric metropolitan region located in south western Germany , between the Frankfurt / Rhine - Main region to the North and the Stuttgart Region to the South - East .
Andrioniškis is a town in Anykščiai district municipality , in Utena County , in northeast Lithuania .
Kråknäset is a point and settlement in Stockholm County , Sweden .
Selavayal(Tamil : சேலவாயல் ) is mainly a residential locality in the northern part of the metropolitan city of Chennai , Tamil Nadu state , India .
Belaya Kholunitsa ( Russian : Бе́лая Холуни́ца ) is a town and the administrative center of Belokholunitsky District in Kirov Oblast , Russia , located on the Belaya Kholunitsa River ( Vyatka 's tributary ) , 82 kilometers ( 51 mi ) northeast of Kirov , the administrative center of the oblast .
Binbirkilise ( literally : Thousand and One Churches ) is a region in the antique Lycaonia , in modern Karaman Province of Turkey , known for its around fifty Byzantine church ruins .
Brandenburg an der Havel is a town in the state of Brandenburg ( which is why it is also called Brandenburg City in English ) , Germany , with a population of 71,778 ( as of 2010 ) .
Narmeh - ye Olya ( Persian : نارمه عليا‎ , also Romanized as Nārmeh - ye `` Olyā ) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District , Falard District , Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 115 , in 24 families .
Bahador ( Persian : بهادر‎ , also Romanized as Bahādor ) is a village in Ujan - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Bostanabad County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Vela Spila is a cave situated above the town of Vela Luka on the island of Korčula , in Croatia .
Keno City Mining Museum is a history museum located in Keno City , Yukon , Canada .
Hinnerup , is a small town in East Jutland , Denmark with a population of 7,360 ( 1 January 2014 ) , located in Favrskov municipality , Region Midtjylland , Jutland just north of Aarhus .
Lenzburg ranks among the oldest and most important high - castles in Switzerland .
Szewnia Górna ( ˈʂɛvɲa ˈɡurna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Adamów , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Yuxarı Ələz ( also , Yuxarı - ələz , Yuxarı Alayaz , Yukharu - Alyaz , Yukhary Alayaz , and Yukhary Alyaz ) is a village and the least populous municipality in the Siazan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Port of Cork is the main port serving the South of Ireland , County Cork and Cork City .
Elounda ( Greek : Ελούντα ) , alternative transliterations Elounta or Elouda , is a small fishing town on the northern coast of the island of Crete , Greece .
The Morichales de Paz de Ariporo is a proposed national park in the Casanare Department of Colombia .
The Niederfinow Boat Lift is the oldest working boat lift in Germany .
Abokado is a fast food chain based in the United Kingdom .
Jarczów ( ˈjart͡ʂuf ) is a village in Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Civil Marriage Act ( full title : `` An Act respecting certain aspects of legal capacity for marriage for civil purposes '' ) was legislation legalizing same - sex marriage across Canada .
Nowa Rokitnia ( ˈnɔva rɔˈkitɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca , within Ryki County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Avonside Girls ' High School is a large urban high school in the Christchurch , New Zealand suburb of Avonside .
The Capão da Imbuia Woods is a public area of the city of Curitiba , Paraná , Brazil .
Lellig ( Luxembourgish : Lelleg ) is a village in the commune of Manternach , in eastern Luxembourg .
Saga Prefectural Saga Technical High School ( 佐賀県立佐賀工業高等学校 ) , also known as Saga Kogyo , is a Technical High School located in Saga City , Saga Prefecture , Japan .
Veliko Globoko ( pronounced ( ˈʋeːlikɔ ɡlɔˈbɔːkɔ ) ) is a small village on the right bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
Rayakoski ( Russian : Раякоски ; Finnish : Jäniskoski , lit . border rapids ) is a rural locality ( an inhabited locality ) in Pechengsky District of Murmansk Oblast , Russia , located adjacent to the tripoint between Finland , Norway , and Russia .
Susukw was a Kwakwaka'wakw village on the south side of Gilford Island , facing Gilford Bay in the Johnstone Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia , Canada .
Gravatá is a city in the state of Pernambuco , Brazil , located about 75 km ( 47 mi ) from the state 's capital Recife ( the distance by road is 85 km or 53 mi ) .
Orgyot ( Russian : Оргёт ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Orgyotsky Rural Okrug of Verkhnevilyuysky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 60 kilometers ( 37 mi ) from Verkhnevilyuysk , the administrative center of the district .
El Nasr Boys ' School ( EBS ; Arabic : مدرسة النصر للبنين‎ ) is a K-12 school in Shatby , Alexandria , Egypt .
The Duchy of Massa and Carrara was the duchy that controlled the towns of Massa di Carrara and Carrara ; the area is now part of unified Italy , but retains its local identity as the province of Massa - Carrara .
Mount Yamanlar ( Turkish : Yamanlar Dağı ) is a mountain in İzmir , Turkey , located within the boundaries of the Greater Metropolitan Area of the city .
Padthaway wine region is a wine zone region located in the south east of South Australia immediately adjoining a section of the Riddoch Highway including the town of Padthaway .
Andariyeh ( Persian : اندريه‎ , also Romanized as Andarīyeh , Ondarīyeh , and Undarīyeh ) is a village in Doboluk Rural District , Arjomand District , Firuzkuh County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Plaffeien ( French : Planfayon)is a municipality in the district of Sense in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland .
Tokpa - Avagoudo or Tokpa - Houngbado or Tokpa is a town and arrondissement in the Atlantique Department of southern Benin .
Milotice nad Opavou ( German : Milkendorf ) is a village in the Moravian - Silesian Region of the Czech Republic .
The Tibagi River ( Portuguese , Rio Tibagi , also spelled Tibagy and Tibají ) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil .
Cape Capricorn Light is an active heritage - listed lighthouse located on Cape Capricorn , a coastal headland on the northeast point of Curtis Island , in Central Queensland , Australia .
Middle Quarry Cascade is a 6 metre high twin ribbon cascade found on private property , ( private without permission to access ) , in Burlington , Ontario , Canada .
The 83rd Scripps National Spelling Bee was an event held from June 2 , 2010 to June 4 , 2010 at the Grand Hyatt Washington , Washington D.C. , United States of America .
Blumond is a settlement in Aruba , located off of the island 's west coast .
Buzhakan ( Armenian : Բուժական ) , also Romanized as Bujhakan ; formerly , Babakishi ) , is a village in the Kotayk Province of Armenia .
The Kaikoura Peninsula is located in the northeast of New Zealand 's South Island .
The Moorooduc Quarry Flora and Fauna Reserve is located in Mount Eliza , Victoria , Australia and occupies approximately 27 hectares of land .
Ano Fanari ( Greek : Άνω Φανάρι ) is a mountain village belonging to the Troizinia - Methana municipality in northeastern Peloponnese , Greece .
Hamburg Airport ( IATA : HAM , ICAO : EDDH ) , known in German as Flughafen Hamburg , is the international airport of Hamburg , the second - largest city in Germany .
Chah Khargushi ( Persian : چاه خرگوشي‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Khargūshī ) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Boucle du Baoulé National Park lies in western Mali , in Kayes Region and Koulikoro Region , set up in 1982 .
The Maybank Numismatic Museum is a museum in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , that is run and owned by the Maybank .
In January 1850 Bauer , a cavalryman during the German - Danish War , designed Brandtaucher as a way to end the Danish naval blockade of Germany .
Dease Strait is an east - west waterway between the mainland 's Kent Peninsula and Victoria Island in Nunavut , Canada .
Giropa Point is a point to the east of Buna , Oro Province , Papua New Guinea .
Aq Gonbaz is village in Samangan Province , in northern Afghanistan .
Scharnstein Airport ( German : Flugplatz Scharnstein , ICAO : LOLC ) is a private use airport located 2 kilometres ( 1 mi ) west - southwest of Scharnstein , Upper Austria , Austria .
Capilla de los Dolores ( Grado ) is a church in Grado , Asturias , in northern Spain .
The Governor General 's Awards are a collection of annual awards presented by the Governor General of Canada , recognizing distinction in numerous academic , artistic , and social fields .
Ideato North is a Local Government Area in Imo State , Nigeria .
Tomb KV53 is located in the Valley of the Kings , in Egypt .
Pocol is a ski resort in the Veneto region of northeast Italy .
The district of Östlich Raron ( fr . District de Rarogne oriental ) is an administrative district in the canton of Valais , Switzerland .
Ziarat - e Bozorg ( Persian : زيارت بزرگ‎ , also Romanized as Zīārat - e Bozorg ; also known as Zeyārat and Zīārat ) is a village in Sirik Rural District , Byaban District , Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Le Beaucet ( Occitan : Lo Baucet ) is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
The Japanese Community School of Athens ( Japanese : アテネ日本人学校 Atene Nihonjin Gakkō , Greek : Ιαπωνική Σχολή Αθηνών ) was a Japanese international school in the Ano - Pefki ( Άνω Πεύκη ) area of Pefki , Greece in the Athens metropolitan area .
Basudih ( Bengali : বাসুডিহ ) is a village in Nala block , Jamtara District , Jharkhand state , India has a Population ( 2001 Census ) of 500 .
The OCCII ( Onafhankelijk Cultureel Centrum In It ) is a venue for alternative and independent music at Amstelveenseweg 134 , in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
Yad Rambam ( Hebrew : יַד רַמְבַּ``ם , lit . Rambam Memorial ) is a moshav in central Israel .
Wiercienko ( vjɛrˈt͡ɕɛnkɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowice , within Drawsko County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Yaycı ( also , Yaydzhi , Yaydzhy , and Persian : یاجی آذربایجان‎‎ -- Yājī - ye Āz̄arbāyjān ) is a village and the most populous municipality , except for the capital Julfa , in the Julfa Rayon of Nakhchivan , Azerbaijan .
The Clarence River Advocate was a newspaper published in Maclean , New South Wales , Australia from 1877 to 22 September 1949 .
Ewina ( ɛˈvina ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żytno , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Hellerup ( Danish pronunciation : ( ˈhɛlˀəʁob̥ ) ) is a Danish town of Region Hovedstaden , located in the Gentofte Municipality in Denmark .
Al - Sakhir Palace , also known as Sakhir Palace , is a palace in the Sakhir desert region of western Bahrain .
Zawale Niegosławskie ( zaˈvalɛ ɲɛɡɔˈswafskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałów , within Pińczów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Kościan County ( Polish : powiat kościański ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Greater Poland Voivodeship , west - central Poland .
Zagarise ( Greek : Zacharous ) is a village and comune in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy .
Parikhan ( Persian : پريخان‎ , also Romanized as Parīkhān and Perī Khān ; also known as Pīrī Khān ) is a village in Dasht Rural District , in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Kirsana ( Arabic : كرسانا‎ ) is a town in northwestern Syria , administratively part of the Latakia Governorate , located north of Latakia .
Cuixmala is located on the Pacific Ocean , on Mexico 's Costalegre , also known as the Virgin Coast .
Zumaia ( Spanish : Zumaya ) is a small town in the north of Spain in the Basque Country .
Cầu Gồ is a township ( Thị trấn Neo ) and town in Yên Thế District , Bắc Giang Province , in northeastern Vietnam .
The Hunedoara County Prefecture ( Romanian : Palatul Administrativ din Deva , Hungarian : Dévai vármegyeház ) is a building in Deva , Romania .
The North - West University is a newly merged institution from 1 January 2004 onwards with three campuses at Potchefstroom , Mahikeng and Vanderbijlpark , South Africa .
The Hanover Stadtbahn is a Stadtbahn ( light rail ) system in the city of Hanover , Lower Saxony , Germany .
Khertvisi fortress ( Georgian : ხერთვისის ციხე ) is one of the oldest fortresses in Georgia and was functional throughout the Georgian feudal period .
Bukit Panjang Single Member Constituency ( Chinese : 武吉班让单选区 ; Malay : Kawasan Undi Perseorangan Bukit Panjang ; Tamil : புக்கிட் பாஞ்சாங் தனித்தொகுதி ) is a Single Member Constituency located in the western area of Singapore .
Munster Training Area ( German : Truppenübungsplatz Munster ) is a military training area in Germany on the Lüneburg Heath .
Ngeremasch ( also spelled Ngaramasch ) is a village in Palau , and the capital of the state of Angaur .
Anqolab - e Yek ( Persian : انقلاب 1‎ , also Romanized as Ānqolāb - e Yek ) is a village in Anaran Rural District , in the Central District of Dehloran County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Nina Ukru ( Quechua nina fire , ukru hole , pit , hollow , `` fire hollow '' , hispanicized spelling Ninaucro ) is a mountain in the Paryaqaqa or Waruchiri mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,400 metres ( 17,717 ft ) high .
Bytkowo ( bɨtˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokietnica , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Catholic population used now a clandestine church in a barn in Sint - Oedenrode , while the empty chapel was used as a Protestant school since 1731 , after the hamlets Nijnsel and Vressel sent a petition to establish their own school in 1728 to the Council of State of the Netherlands in The Hague .
American International University - Bangladesh ( AIUB ) ( Bengali : আমেরিকান ইন্টারন্যাশনাল ইউনিভার্সিটি-বাংলাদেশ ) is an accredited and renowned private university located at Banani in Dhaka , Bangladesh .
Phnom Aural is the tallest peak in Cambodia .
The Hope Island Resort Tennis Centre is a tennis venue located at the corner of Hope Island Road and Activa Way , Hope Island , Gold Coast , Queensland , Australia .
Goug ( also known as El Goug ) is a village in the commune of Balidat Ameur , in Témacine District , Ouargla Province , Algeria .
Kwannam is a traditional Korean term used to refer to the southern region of Hamgyong province , including portions of modern - day North Hamgyong and South Hamgyong , North Korea .
Silarestan ( Persian : سيلارستان‎ , also Romanized as Sīlārestān ; also known as Sīlārestān - e Soflá ) is a village in Poshteh - ye Zilayi Rural District , Sarfaryab District , Charam County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Saint - Loubouer is a commune in the Landes department in Aquitaine in south - western France .
Slapnica ( Cyrillic : Слапница ) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Tambov State Technical University is a state institution of higher learning in Tambov , Russia .
Mevce ( pronounced ( ˈmeːwtsɛ ) ; in older sources also Melce , German : Mewze ) is a small dispersed settlement in the hills west of Muljava in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
Lungiarü ( German : Campill , Italian : Longiarù ) is a village which forms a frazione of the commune of San Martin de Tor in South Tyrol , northern Italy .
Vuktyl Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт Вуктыл ) ( ICAO : UUYK ) is an airport in Russia located 4 km southwest of Vuktyl .
The Pope 's Eye is the uncompleted foundation for an island fort intended to defend the entrance to Port Phillip in the state of Victoria , Australia .
The Josef - Hofmiller - Gymnasium ( JoHo ) is a gymnasium in Freising , Bavaria , Germany .
Vadavannur is a village and gram panchayat in the Palakkad District of Kerala , India .
Lulemino ( lulɛˈminɔ ) ( German Lüllemin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylnica , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Aşağı Nüvədi ( also , Ashagi Nuvadi , Ashagy Nyuvedi , and Nizhniye Nyuady ) is a village and municipality in the Lankaran Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Gaoyang County ( simplified Chinese : 高阳县 ; traditional Chinese : 高陽縣 ; pinyin : Gāoyáng Xiàn ; literally : `` High Sun '' ) is a county of south - central Hebei province , People 's Republic of China .
Los Pedroches is a natural region and comarca in Córdoba Province , Andalusia , southern Spain .
Sovetscoe ( Ukrainian : Совєтське , Sovyets’ke , Russian : Советское , Sovetskoye ) is a commune in the Rîbnița District of Transnistria , Moldova .
Wildside Records is an independent New Zealand record label , owned and run by former Rip It Up magazine editor , Murray Cammick .
Mangyongdae - guyok or Man'gyŏngdae District ( Chosŏn'gŭl : 만경대구역 ) is one of the 19 guyŏk ( wards ) that constitute Pyongyang , North Korea .
Liveringa or Liveringa Station , often referred to as Upper Liveringa Station , is a pastoral lease in Western Australia that once operated as a sheep station but presently operates as a cattle station .
The Escuela Mier y Pesado is a school in Coyoacán , Mexico City operated by the Fundación Mier y Pesado , IAP .
The Công River ( Vietnamese : Sông Công ) is a tributary of the Red River in northern Vietnam .
The legend of Oude Rode Ogen began in the Flanders region of Belgium in the late 17th century after reports of children turned up missing and believed to be victims of a cannibalistic shape shifter .
Canal de Santa Cruz ( Santa Cruz Channel ) , is a U - shaped salt water channel in Northeastern Brazil adjacent to the Atlantic Ocean that separates the island of Itamaracá from the South American continent .
Selšček ( pronounced ( ˈseːu̯ʃtʃək ) ; German : Seuschtschek ) is a settlement immediately east of Begunje pri Cerknici in the Municipality of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Lesser Kuril Ridge is part of Yuzhno - Kurilsky District of Sakhalin Oblast of Russia .
Pannagam ( also spelt Pannakam , Pannaakam , Pannaagam ) ( Tamil : பண்ணாகம் ) is small village in the minority Sri Lankan Tamil dominated Jaffna peninsula of Sri Lanka .
Mount Arowhana lies in the Raukumara Range in the northeast of New Zealand 's North Island .
Pinetown is a town just inland from Durban in KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa .
Achyra ( Greek : Αχυρά ) is a village in the Medeon municipal unit , Aetolia - Acarnania , Greece .
Lummene ( also Lummenne ) is a lake in Finland in the municipality of Kuhmoinen in the Central Finland region .
Nowe Siołkowice ( ˈnɔvɛ ɕɔu̯kɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( `` new Siołkowice '' ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Popielów , within Opole County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Nadergul is a part of Bandangpet Nagar Panchayath in Rangareddy district of Telangana state , India .
Annaburg - Prettin was a Verwaltungsgemeinschaft ( `` administrative community '' ) in the district of Wittenberg , in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
Gapel ( in German : Gabel ) is a small village in Slovakia which was founded in the 18th century .
Woonam High School is a high school that is located in Daegu in South Korea .
Abricots ( Haitian Creole : Abriko ) is a commune in the Jérémie Arrondissement , in the Grand'Anse Department of Haiti .
The Saimaa Canal ( Finnish : Saimaan kanava ; Swedish : Saima kanal ; Russian : Сайменский канал ) is a transportation canal that connects lake Saimaa with the Gulf of Finland near Vyborg , Russia .
Dr Ruth Segomotsi Mompati District Municipality ( formerly Bophirima District Municipality ) is one of the 4 districts of North West province of South Africa .
Anderstorp Raceway , previously known as Scandinavian Raceway , is a 2.505 miles ( 4.03 km ) motorsport race track in Anderstorp ( Gislaved Municipality ) , Sweden .
Zanbil ( Azerbaijani : Zənbil ) is a small island in the Caspian Sea off the Bay of Baku , Azerbaijan .
Mir Hasani ( Persian : ميرحسني‎ , also Romanized as Mīr Ḩasanī ; also known as Mīr ' ' asanī and Mīr ' ' oseynī ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Lamerd County , Fars Province , Iran .
Monte Petrella is the highest peak in the Aurunci Mountains , in southern Lazio , central Italy .
Lay Zangan ( Persian : لاي زنگان‎ , also Romanized as Lāy Zangān and Lāy - e Zangān ) is a village in Rostaq Rural District , Rostaq District , Darab County , Fars Province , Iran .
Royal Tulip Al Rasheed Hotel ( sometimes spelled Al - Rashid ) ( Arabic,فندق الرشيد ) is an 18-story hotel in Baghdad , Iraq , favored by journalists and media personnel due to its location within Baghdad 's Green Zone .
Lqliâa is a city in Morocco , situated in the suburban area of Agadir .
The Garden Palace was a large , purpose - built exhibition building constructed to house the Sydney International Exhibition in 1879 in Sydney , Australia .
Bezopasnoye ( Russian : Безопасное ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Trunovsky District of Stavropol Krai , Russia .
Seekirchen am Wallersee ( simply known as Seekirchen ) is a town in the district of Salzburg - Umgebung in the state of Salzburg in Austria .
Tarik Dam is a dam on the Sefīd - Rūd about 32 km ( 20 mi ) south of Rasht in Gilan Province , Iran .
Prušnja Vas ( pronounced ( ˈpɾuːʃnja ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Prušnja vas , in older sources also Prušna vas , German : Pruschendorf ) is a small settlement in the Gorjanci Hills in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia , next to the border with Croatia .
Bantry House is a historic house with gardens in Bantry , County Cork , Ireland .
Svätý Anton ( Hungarian : Szentantal , translation : St. Anthony ) is a village in Banská Štiavnica District in the Banská Bystrica Region of central Slovakia .
Presidium Convent ( Prezidiju Konvents ) also known as simply ( P!K ! ) is an organisation that unites all - male academic corporations in Latvia .
Tășnad ( Romanian pronunciation : ( təʃˈnad ) ; Hungarian : Tasnád , Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈtɒʃnaːd ) ; German : Trestenburg ) is a town in Satu Mare County , northwestern Romania .
Yundamindera Station is a pastoral lease and sheep station located about 180 kilometres ( 112 mi ) north of Kalgoorlie in the Goldfields - Esperance region of Western Australia .
Rionegro Province is one of the 15 provinces in the Cundinamarca Department , in the South American country of Colombia .
Bogusza ( bɔˈɡuʂa ) ( Rusyn : Богуша , Bohusha ; Ukrainian : Богуша , Bohusha ) is a village in southern Poland .
Champagne Pool is a prominent geothermal feature within the Waiotapu geothermal area in the North Island of New Zealand .
Metro Culhuacán is a station on Line 12 of the Mexico City Metro .
Sefid Barg ( Persian : سفيدبرگ‎ , also Romanized as Sefīd Barg ) is a village in Sharvineh Rural District , Kalashi District , Javanrud County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Szikszó is a small town in Borsod - Abaúj - Zemplén county , Northern Hungary , 15 kilometres ( 9 miles ) from county capital Miskolc .
The Jinguashi Mine is one of the largest gold mines in Taiwan and in the world .
Kstovo ( Russian : Ксто́во ) is a town and the administrative center of Kstovsky District in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast , Russia , located on the right bank of the Volga River , 22 kilometers ( 14 mi ) southeast of Nizhny Novgorod , the administrative center of the oblast .
Wleń ( vlɛɲ ) ( German : Lähn ) is a town in Lwówek Śląski County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The House of Commons ( Redistribution of Seats ) Act 1944 ( 7 & 8 Geo.6 . c.41 ) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that established permanent boundary commissions for each of the constituent countries of the United Kingdom , and provided for the periodic review of the number and boundaries of parliamentary constituencies .
Lake Razelm or Lake Razim ( Romanian : Lacul Razim , Lacul Razelm ) is the lake and the group of the lakes on the beach of Black Sea in Romania south of the Danube Delta .
Commune of Bururi is a commune of Bururi Province in south - western Burundi .
Aungmyethazan Township ( also Aungmyethasan Township ; Burmese : အောင်မြေသာဇံ မြို့နယ် ( àʊɴ mjè θà zàɴ mjo̰nɛ̀ ) ) is the northernmost township of Mandalay , Myanmar .
Hajjiabad Integated Livestock Company ( Persian : مجتمع دامداري حاجي آباد‎ -- Mojtame ` Dāmdārī - ye Ḩājjīābād ; also known as Hājīābād and Ḩājjīābād ) is a village and company town in Zirab Rural District , in the Central District of Zarrin Dasht County , Fars Province , Iran .
Bjeloševac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бјелошевац ) is a village in the City of Bijeljina , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Otuzco is a city located in the highlands of La Libertad , Peru .
Lagaz ( Persian : لگز‎ ) is a village in Akhtachi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Simmineh District , Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Copper Bank is a fishing village in the Corozal District of Belize .
Kimpulan ( also known as Pustakasala temple ) is a 9th to 10th century Hindu temple located in the area of Universitas Islam Indonesia ( Indonesia Islamic University or UII ) , Kaliurang road , Kaliurang , Sleman , Yogyakarta , Indonesia .
Qareh Zagh ( Persian : قره زاغ‎ , also Romanized as Qareh Zāgh ) is a village in Hulasu Rural District , in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
In road bicycle racing , the ascent to Hautacam is known as a tough climb , which is used occasionally in the Tour de France .
Dolni Dabnik ( Bulgarian : Долни Дъбник ) is a town in Pleven Province in the Danubian Plain of central northern Bulgaria .
Mevo'ot Yam ( Hebrew : מְבוֹאוֹת יָם , lit . Sea Gate ) is a youth village on the coast of Israel founded in 1951 .
Uvita Island , or Isla Uvita ( Spanish : `` little grape island '' ) , officially Isla Quiribrí , is a small ( 0.8 km² ) island 885 metres offshore of the port at Limón on the Caribbean coast of Costa Rica .
Haramosh Peak ( also known as Haramosh or Peak 58 ) is a mountain located in the Karakoram range of the Gilgit - Baltistan of Pakistan .
Gurangan ( Persian : گورانگان‎ , also Romanized as Gūrāngān ; also known as Gūrāngah ) is a village in Melkari Rural District , Vazineh District , Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Bützow Land is an Amt in the district of Rostock , in Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
The University of the Llanos ( Spanish : Universidad de los Llanos ) , also called Unillanos , is a public , coeducational university based in the city of Villavicencio , Meta , Colombia .
The Canadian Urban Institute is a not - for - profit organization based in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Indira Gandhi Wildlife Sanctuary is a protected area in the Western Ghats , India .
Mahaicony is a community that is made up several villages on the East Coast in the County of Demerara and Region 5 Mahaica Berbice of Guyana , located at 06 ° 33′N 57 ° 48′W. In other words , Mahaicony 's boundary on the coast is from De Hoop on the west and Calcutta on the east .
The Guri Dam is a concrete gravity and embankment dam in Bolívar State , Venezuela on the Caroni River .
Chenachène ( also written Chenachane ) is an isolated village in the commune of Tindouf , in Tindouf Province , Algeria .
Jalan Tanjung Tuan ( Negeri Sembilan state route N167 ) is a major road in Negeri Sembilan , Malaysia .
Østensjøvannet is a lake in Oslo , capital of Norway .
The Filmfare Awards are presented annually by The Times Group to honour both artistic and technical excellence of professionals in the Hindi language film industry of India .
Michigan Beach is a beach and small community on the south shore of Lake Ontario in St. Catharines , Regional Municipality of Niagara , Ontario , Canada and is part of the Golden Horseshoe region .
Courtallam ( Tamil : குற்றாலம் ) or Kutralam , Spa of South India , is a panchayat town situated at a mean elevation of 160 m ( 520 ft ) on the Western Ghats in Tirunelveli District of Tamil Nadu , India .
Colombo International School is a co - educational independent day - school in Colombo , Sri Lanka .
Majaz al Bab ( Arabic : مجاز الباب‎ ) , also known as Medjez el Bab , or as Membressa under the Roman Empire , is a town in northern Tunisia .
Qelij ( Persian : قليج‎ , also Romanized as Qelīj ; also known as Qelīch ) is a village in Behi - e Feyzolah Beygi Rural District , in the Central District of Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Or Akiva ( Hebrew : אוֹר עֲקִיבָא ) is a city located in the Haifa District of Israel , on the country 's Coastal Plain .
Mjedenik ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мједеник ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Suburra ( usually spelled Subura in antiquity ) was an area of the city of Rome , Italy located below the Murus Terreus on the Carinae .
Ain ( French pronunciation : ​(ɛ̃ ) ; Arpitan : En ) is a department named after the Ain River on the eastern edge of France .
Wilpattu National Park ( Willu - pattu ; Land of Lakes ) is a park located on the island of Sri Lanka .
Mazraeh - ye Seyyed Murti ( Persian : مزرعه سيد مورتي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Seyyed Mūrtī ) is a village in Dehshir Rural District , in the Central District of Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
The Indo Global Colleges ( Hindi : इंडो ग्लोबल कॉलेज ) are a group of self - financed and unaided institutes located in Abhipur , Punjab , India .
The Pielnica ( Polish pronunciation : ( pʲɛlˈɲitsa ) ; German : Pella or Piella 1419 , Pielica 1441 , Pielnyka 1512 ) is a river in South - Eastern Poland .
The Michael Fowler Centre is a concert hall and convention centre in Wellington , New Zealand .
Vukmanić is a village belonging to Karlovac in Croatia , population 207 ( 2011 ) .
Maranak is a village near the city of Damavand , Iran , located in Tehran .
The Svilengrad railway station is the last station before the Bulgaria / Turkey and Bulgaria / Greece border .
Mesones de Isuela , also known as Mesones , is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza , Aragon , Spain .
The Cutervo Province is one of the thirteen that make up the Cajamarca Region of Peru .
Lefkovrysi ( Greek : Λευκόβρυση ) is a municipal department of the city of Kozani in northern Greece .
Škrabče ( pronounced ( ˈʃkɾaːptʃɛ ) ) is a small dispersed settlement northeast of Nova Vas in the Municipality of Bloke in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Zavrate ( pronounced ( zaˈwɾaːtɛ ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Radeče in eastern Slovenia .
Tang - e Bibi Jun ( Persian : تنگ بي بي جون‎ , also Romanized as Tang - e Bībī Jūn ) is a village in Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District , in the Central District of Gachsaran County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Iwonicz ( iˈvɔnit͡ʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iwonicz - Zdrój , within Krosno County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Ruère is a hamlet surrounded with vineyards , situated above Pierreclos ( Saône - et - Loire ) next to Mâcon , in the south of Burgundy in France .
Mir Abdoli - ye Sofla ( Persian : ميرعبدلي سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Mīr `` Abdolī - ye Soflá ) is a village in Kalashi Rural District , Kalashi District , Javanrud County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 113 , in 24 families .
Scrignac ( Breton : Skrigneg ) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north - western France .
Lahat Regency is a regency of South Sumatra ( or Sumatra Selatan ) province , Indonesia .
The Mundaring - Kalamunda Important Bird Area comprises a fragmented 137 km2 of land centred on the towns of Mundaring and Kalamunda in the Darling Scarp region of Western Australia .
Bedlington is a town situated in South East Northumberland , United Kingdom , with a population of roughly 15,400 , measured at 18,470 at the 2011 Census .
Mal - e Khalifeh ( Persian : مال خليفه‎ , also Romanized as Māl - e Khalīfeh and Māl Khalīfeh ; also known as Deh - e Khalīfeh and Deh Khalīfa ) is a city in and the capital of Falard District , in Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Sargezi ( Persian : سرگزي‎ , also Romanized as Sargezī ) is a village in Margan Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Dirillo Lake is an artificial lake to the south of Licodia Eubea in the Province of Catania , Sicily , Italy , which was formed in the 1950s by damming the river Dirillo .
Panch Pokhari is a group of 5 Hindu holy lake in the Sindhupalchowk District of Nepal .
Korhogo is a city in northern Ivory Coast .
Kobarid ( pronounced ( kɔbaˈɾiːt ) ; Italian : Caporetto , Friulian : Cjaurêt , German : Karfreit ) is a settlement in Slovenia , the administrative centre of the Municipality of Kobarid .
The Kaunas Hydroelectric Power Plant , located on the Nemunas River about 7.4 kilometres ( 4.6 mi ) southeast of central Kaunas , Lithuania , was completed in 1960 .
The Palace of Culture of Tirana ( Albanian : Pallati i Kulturës ) was built on the Pazari i Vjeter area of Tirana by request of the Party of Labour of Albania .
The Iloilo Science and Technology University ( also referred to as ISAT - U or ISAT ) is a public university located in Iloilo City Philippines .
The Bare Top Range is a small subrange of the Kitimat Ranges , running along the east side of Grenville Channel on the north side of Lowe Inlet in British Columbia , Canada .
Lai da Marmorera is a reservoir in the Grisons , Switzerland .
The Hofbräukeller is a restaurant in Haidhausen , Munich , Germany owned by Hofbräuhaus brewery .
The Shire of Serpentine - Jarrahdale is a local government area in the outer southeastern metropolitan area of Perth , the capital of Western Australia , and has an area of 905 square kilometres ( 349 sq mi ) and a population of 17,746 ( 2011 ) .
Błażowa ( bwaˈʐɔva ) ( Yiddish : בלאזשאוו‎ ) is a town in Rzeszów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , Poland , with a population of 2,121 inhabitants ( 02.06.2009 ) .
Belokomiti ( Greek : Μπελοκομίτη ) is a mountain village and community in the municipal unit of Nevropoli Agrafon , Karditsa regional unit , Greece .
Zenpuku - ji ( 善福寺 ) , also known as Azabu - san ( 麻布山 ) , is a Jōdo Shinshū temple located in the Azabu district of Tokyo , Japan .
Manorá ( or Manó Râ ) is a barrio ( neighbourhood ) of Asunción , the capital of Paraguay .
Nanakaly Hospital for Hematology & Oncology is a government hospital located near No Shahed Martyr mosque , in Azady , Hawler , Kurdistan region , Iraq .
Jalan Bukit Bendera or Penang Hill Road ( Penang state road ) is a major road in Penang , Malaysia .
Redcross ( Irish : An Chrois Dhearg , formerly Baile Domhnaill Rua ) is a village and also a civil parish in County Wicklow , Ireland .
The University of Zulia ( Spanish : La Universidad del Zulia , also known as LUZ literally meaning `` light '' in Spanish ) , is a public university whose main campus is located in the city of Maracaibo , Venezuela .
The Botanischer Garten Jena ( 4.5 hectares ) is the second oldest botanical garden in Germany , maintained by the University of Jena and located at Fürstengraben 26 , Jena , Thuringia , Germany .
Ranomafana National Park is in the southeastern part of Madagascar in Haute Matsiatra and Vatovavy - Fitovinany .
Emamzadeh - ye Baba Lang ( Persian : امامزاده بابالنگ‎ , also Romanized as Emāmzādeh - ye Bābā Lang ; also known as Bābā Lang ) is a village in Mazu Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Margariti ( Greek : Μαργαρίτι ; Albanian : Margëlliç ) is a village and a former municipality in Thesprotia , Epirus , Greece .
Firebase Checkmate ( also known as Hill 342 ) is a former U.S. Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam ( ARVN ) firebase southwest of Huế in central Vietnam .
Selçuk - Efes Airport ( Turkish : Selçuk - Efes Havaalanı ) ( IATA : LTFB ) is a public airport located at Selçuk town in İzmir Province , Turkey .
Yaneh Sar ( Persian : يانه سر‎ , also Romanized as Yāneh Sar ) is a village in Shohada Rural District , Yaneh Sar District , Behshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Frog Eyes is an indie rock band from Victoria , British Columbia , Canada fronted by Carey Mercer .
Lennox Gardens , a park in Canberra , Australia , lying on the south side of Lake Burley Griffin , close to Commonwealth Avenue Bridge and Albert Hall in the suburb of Yarralumla .
Tokaldan ( Persian : تكلدان‎ , also Romanized as Tokaldān ) is a village in Aghmiyun Rural District , in the Central District of Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Krong Paoy Paet ( or Poipet ) is a district ( srok ) in the west of Banteay Meanchey Province in north - western Cambodia .
Nahrabad ( Persian : نهراباد‎ , also Romanized as Nahrābād ) is a village in Chenaran Rural District , in the Central District of Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Çapağan ( also , Chapagan ) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Canouan ( pronounced `` can - ah - wan '' ) is an island in the Grenadines Islands belonging to Saint Vincent and the Grenadines .
Kalaaliaraq Market ( Danish : Brædtet ) is a market in Nuuk , the capital of Greenland , located in the Old Nuuk neighborhood , approximately 150 m ( 490 ft ) to the southeast of the Nuuk Cathedral .
Malichów ( maˈlixuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrodzień , within Olesno County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Račje Selo ( pronounced ( ˈɾaːtʃjɛ ˈsɛːlɔ ) ; Slovene : Račje selo , German : Rappelgeschieß ) is a village north of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia .
Thisted Bryghus is a small Danish brewery located in the town of Thisted in northwestern Jutland , Denmark .
Reid Hall is a complex of academic facilities owned and operated by Columbia University that is located in the Montparnasse district of Paris , France .
Kemmelberg ( English : Kemmel Hill , French : Mont Kemmel ) is a hill formation in Flanders , Belgium .
Holmevatnet or Holmevatn is a lake in the Setesdalsheiene area of Norway .
The Pyramid of Ahmose was built not as a tomb , but a cenotaph for pharaoh Ahmose I at the necropolis of Abydos , Egypt .
In 2012 , Torrão was , in terms of area , the third - largest parish in Portugal but , due to a territorial reorganization , since 2013 has been the sixth - largest parish in the country .
Cape Hawke ( 32 ° 12′S 152 ° 34′E ) is a coastal headland in Australia on the New South Wales coast , just south of Forster / Tuncurry and within the Booti Booti National Park .
Burgas ( Bulgarian : Бургас , pronounced ( burˈɡas ) ) , sometimes transliterated as Bourgas , is the second - largest city on the Bulgarian Black Sea Coast and the fourth - largest in Bulgaria after Sofia , Plovdiv , and Varna , with a population of 200,271 inhabitants , according to the 2011 census .
Kőszeg ( German : Güns , Prekmurian : Küseg , Slovak : Kysak , Slovene : Koseg , Croatian : Kiseg ) is a town in Vas county , Hungary .
Located on the outskirts is the National Museum of War and Resistance of the Netherlands , which originated as a museum for a World War II battle ( Battle of Overloon ) that occurred around the village in September and October 1944 .
Tlik ( Armenian : Թլիկ ) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
Uecker - Randow was a Kreis ( district ) in the eastern part of Mecklenburg - Western Pomerania , Germany .
Leksand Church ( Swedish : Leksands kyrka ) is a church building in Leksand in Sweden .
Bolkowo ( bɔlˈkɔvɔ ) ( German : Bolkow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn - Zdrój , within Świdwin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Dorimcheon is a river in Seoul , South Korea .
The Sokoto River ( formerly known as Gublin Kebbi ) is a river in north - west Nigeria and a tributary of the River Niger .
Iisaku is a small borough ( alevik ) in northeastern Estonia .
Húsadalur is a small valley in the village of Sørvágur on the Faroe Islands .
National Chiao Tung University ( NCTU ; Chinese : 國立交通大學 ; pinyin : Guólì Jiāotōng Dàxué ) is one of Taiwan 's leading public research universities located in Hsinchu , Taiwan .
Spences Reefs is a pair of reefs consisting of two islets , with a combined area of 0.65 ha , in south - eastern Australia .
Rubiás is a village in the municipality of Calvos de Randín , Ourense , Galiza , Spain .
St. Valentin ( also referred to as Sankt Valentin ) is the most westerly town in the district of Amstetten in Lower Austria in Austria .
The Teacher 's House ( Ukrainian : Київський міський будинок учителя ) is a historical building located at 57 Volodymyr Street , in Kyiv , Ukraine .
Bouches - du - Rhône ( French pronunciation : ​(buʃ.dy.ʁon ) ; Occitan : Bocas de Ròse , lit . `` Mouths of the Rhône '' ) is a department in the south of France named after the mouth of the Rhône River .
The Meghri Dam ( also known as the Aras Dam or Aras Watershed Dam ) is a hydroelectric dam currently under construction on the Aras River near Armenia 's southern town of Meghri on the Armenia--
Pic de Montcalm is a French pyrenean summit , culminating at 3,077 m ( 10,095 ft ) , located in the Ariège department , Midi - Pyrénées region of France .
Oula is a village and the administrative centre ( chef - lieu ) of the commune of Songo - Doubacoré in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali .
Lake Rotorua is the second largest lake in the North Island of New Zealand by surface area , and covers 79.8 km2 .
Ekushey Television ( ETV ) ( Bengali : একুশে টেলিভিশন ) is a private terrestrial channel in Bangladesh .
Cumuto is the site of the Aripo Savannas Scientific Reserve , an area which contains one of the last remaining areas of natural savanna in Trinidad and Tobago .
The Wanne - Herner Eisenbahn und Hafen GmbH ( literal : `` Wanne and Herne railway and port company Ltd. '' ) ( abbr . WHE ) is a railway and canal port operating company based around the Rhine - Herne Canal in the Ruhr area of Germany
Château Saint - Maire ( `` Saint - Maire Castle '' ) is a castle in Lausanne , Switzerland , that serves as the seat of the cantonal government , the Council of State of Vaud .
The Lobster loos are iconic public toilets in Wellington , capital city of New Zealand .
Stara Cerkev ( pronounced ( ˈstaːɾa ˈtseːɾkɛu̯ ) ; in older sources also Srednja vas , German : Mitterdorf ) is a village northwest of Kočevje in southern Slovenia .
Remla ( Arabic : رملة‎ ) is the main town of the Kerkennah Islands , Tunisia .
Les Hay Babies is an indie folk trio from New Brunswick , Canada .
Vyazma Airport ( also Vyaz'ma ) is an airport in Russia located 9 km southeast of Vyazma .
Ponięcice ( pɔɲɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudnik , within Racibórz County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Abovyan City Stadium ( Armenian : Աբովյանի Քաղաքային Մարզադաշտ ) is an all - seater football stadium in Abovyan , Armenia .
La Petite - Patrie is a neighborhood of Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Kosmów - Kolonia ( ˈkɔsmuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ceków - Kolonia , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Gorkhatri ( Pashto : ګورکټړۍ‎ ; Hindko : گورکهٹڑی ) ( or Gor Khuttree ) , literally meaning `` Warrior 's Grave '' , is an historical neighbourhood of Peshawar city , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan .
Seredyna - Buda ( Ukrainian : Середина-Буда ) is a city in Sumy Oblast of northeastern Ukraine , the administrative center of the Seredyna - Buda Raion .
Pecqueuse is a communes in the Essonne department in the southern suburbs of Paris , France .
Dunaszekcső ( Serbo - Croatian : Sečuv , Sečuj , Sečuh ) is a village in Baranya County , Hungary .
Ouazzane ( also Wazan and Wazzan and Uessen ) ( Arabic : وزان‎ ) is a town in northern Morocco , with a population of approximately 57,972 ( 2004 ) .
The House of Natali was a noble family of the Republic of Ragusa .
Las Palmas de Cocalán National Park is located in the Cordillera de la Costa , Cachapoal Province , in the Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins Region of Chile .
Mali i Lopës , meaning ' Cow 's Mountain ' in English , is a mountain found in eastern Albania in the Dibër County .
Hotline Communications Limited ( HCL ) was a software company founded in 1997 , based in Toronto , Canada , with employees also in the United States and Australia .
Mileh Sar ( Persian : ميله سر‎ , also Romanized as Mīleh Sar ) is a village in Homeyl Rural District , Homeyl District , Eslamabad - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Usnarka is a river of Poland , a tributary of the Świsłocz .
Pulzar FM is an independent radio station based in Christchurch , New Zealand .
The Saint Bathans Fauna , or St Bathans Fauna , is found in the lower Bannockburn Formation of the Manuherikia Group of Central Otago , in the South Island of New Zealand .
Taksimo ( Russian : Таксимо́ ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) and the administrative center of Muysky District of the Republic of Buryatia , Russia , located on the Muya River on the Muysk Plateau in the far northeast of the republic .
Epper Passage Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located on the north side of Vargas Island in the Clayoquot Sound region of the West Coast of Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada .
Dimako is the name of a sub - division district and small town situated in Upper Nyong Division of the East Province of Cameroon , Africa .
Kadamjay ( Kyrgyz : Кадамжай ; Russian : Кадамжай , earlier also Кадамджай ) is an town located in Kadamjay District of Batken Region of Kyrgyzstan .
Tourkolekas ( Greek : Τουρκολέκας ) is a settlement in the municipal unit of Falaisia , southwest Arcadia , Greece .
Lake Sapanca ( Turkish : Sapanca Gölü ) is a fresh water lake in Turkey , between the Gulf of İzmit and the Adapazarı Meadow .
Hajji Maqsud ( Persian : حاجي مقصود‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjī Maqşūd and Ḩājī Maqşūd ) is a village in Chah Dasht Rural District , Shara District , Hamadan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Bagnols - sur - Cèze ( Occitan : Banhòus de Céser ) is a commune in the Gard department in the Languedoc - Roussillon région in southern France .
The Daily Prothom Alo ( Bengali : প্রথম আলো Prothom Alo `` First Light '' ) is a major daily newspaper in Bangladesh , published from Dhaka in the Bengali language .
Bałcyny ( bau̯ˈt͡sɨnɨ ) ( German : Balzen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Lauswolt is an estate in Beetsterzwaag , Friesland , the Netherlands , dating back to the 17th century .
Horatio Nelson visited Monmouth on several occasions , and in 1802 after giving his approval to the Kymin Naval Temple gave a speech In the Beaufort , a local inn , in which he praised the local people and their dedicated loyalty to the monarchy of the United Kingdom .
The Aktash Massif Important Bird Area lies in Sughd Province , the northernmost part of Tajikistan .
The Nathpa Jhakri Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Satluj River in Himachal Pradesh , India .
The Battle of La Rothière was fought on 1 February 1814 between the French Empire and allied army of Austria , Prussia , Russia , and German States previously allies with France .
The Committee for Economic Development of Australia ( CEDA ) is a bipartisan , non - profit , national , independent , member - based organisation providing thought leadership and policy perspectives on the economic and social issues affecting Australia .
The Albert Einstein Science Park is located on the hill Telegrafenberg in Potsdam , Germany .
Pękosławice ( pɛŋkɔswaˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waśniów , within Ostrowiec County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Vadiabad ( Persian : وادئ آباد‎ , also Romanized as Vādīābād ; also known as Vādī ʿAbd ) is a village in Bandar Charak Rural District , Shibkaveh District , Bandar Lengeh County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Abechuco ( in Basque and officially Abetxuko , according to the Royal Academy of the Basque language Abetxuku ) is a village in the municipality of Vitoria in Álava , Basque Country , Spain .
Erikub Atoll ( Marshallese : Ādkup , ( æ̯ær̪ʲ(ɛ͡ɔ)ɡʷu͡ipʲ ) ) is an uninhabited coral atoll of fourteen islands in the Pacific Ocean , located in the Ratak Chain of the Marshall Islands .
Crossbarry ( Irish : Crois an Bharraigh ) is a small village on the R589 Regional Road in the Innishannon parish , about sixteen kilometres west of Cork City , Ireland and about ten kilometres east of Bandon .
Mihaylovo ( Bulgarian : Михайлово ) is a village in Northwestern Bulgaria .
Tellaro is a small fishing village , perched on a cliff on the east coast of the Gulf of La Spezia in Liguria , northern Italy .
Varna ( Bulgarian : Варна , pronounced ( ˈvarnɐ ) ) is the largest city and seaside resort on the Bulgarian Black Sea Coast and the third largest city in Bulgaria with a population of 335,949 .
Kakuy - e Sofla ( Persian : كاكوي سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Kākūy - e Soflá ; also known as Kāhku , Kākū - ye Pā’īn , and Kākū - ye Soflá ) is a village in Panjeh Ali - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Qorveh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Darwol Station is a railroad station in Siheung , Gyeonggi Province , South Korea .
Iqra Institute for Higher Education is a Somali institute for higher education situated in the town of Badhan , in the Sanaag ( Maakhir ) Region of Somalia .
Charleston Lake Provincial Park is located on Charleston Lake near Athens , Ontario , Canada in the township of Leeds and the Thousand Islands .
Mazraeh - ye Bakabad ( Persian : مزرعه بك اباد‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Bakābād ) is a village in Mah Neshan Rural District , in the Central District of Mahneshan County , Zanjan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Wörthsee ( Wörth lake ) is a lake in the Starnberg district of Bavaria , Germany .
Cane Grove is an agricultural community in the Demerara - Mahaica Region of Guyana , standing at sea - level on the coastal plain , along the Mahaica River , about eight kilometres upstream of its mouth .
The Protestant church of Wyns or Saint Vitus Church is a religious building in Wyns , Netherlands , one of the medieval churches in Friesland .
Ubari or Awbari ( Berber : Ubari ; Arabic : أوباري‎ ) is a Berber - speaking oasis town and the capital of the Wadi al Hayaa District , in the Fezzan region of southwestern Libya .
Bued River is a major river in the island of Luzon in the Philippines .
Kyllini ( Greek : Κυλλήνη ) is a port town and a community in the municipal unit of Kastro - Kyllini , Elis , Greece .
Crimon Java or Karimun Java or Karimunjava ( Indonesian : Karimunjawa ) is an archipelago of 27 islands in the Java Sea , Indonesia , approximately 80 kilometres northwest of Jepara .
Valu lui Traian ( historical name : Hasancea , Turkish : Hasançay ) is a commune in Constanţa County , Romania .
Rustai - ye Azadegan ( Persian : روستاي آزادگان‎ , also Romanized as Rūstāī - ye Āzādegān ) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District , in the Central District of Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Luko ( Serbian Cyrillic : Луко ) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Enua Airport ( IATA : AIU , ICAO : NCAT ) is an airport in Atiu in the Cook Islands .
The Ministry of Steel , a branch of Government of India , is the apex body for formulating all policies regarding steel production , distribution and pricing in India .
The Bibliothèque - Musée de l'Opéra National de Paris is a library and museum of the Paris Opera and is located in the 9th arrondissement at 8 rue Scribe , Paris , France .
The Muharraq Governorate ( Arabic : محافظة المحرق‎ ; transliterated : Muhafazat al - Muharaq ) is one of the four governorates of Bahrain .
Nova Vas ob Sotli ( pronounced ( ˈnoːʋa ˈʋaːs ɔp ˈsoːtli ) ; Slovene : Nova vas ob Sotli , German : Neudorf ) is a small village on the right bank of the Sotla River southeast of Bizeljsko in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia .
Coop 's Shot Tower is a shot tower located in the heart of the Melbourne CBD , Australia .
Chaheshk ( Persian : چاهشك‎ , also Romanized as Chāheshk ) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District , Torqabeh District , Torqabeh and Shandiz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Strzebielinek ( stʂɛbjɛˈlinɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewino , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Apolima is the smallest of the four inhabited islands of Samoa and situated in the Apolima Strait , between the country 's two largest islands Upolu to the east and Savai'i to the west .
Commandment Rock is a large rock located in the Lane Cove National Park , Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Viswajyothi College of Engineering and Technology ( VJCET ) , Vazhakulam in Muvattupuzha , Kerala , India , is a self - financed engineering college run by the Syro - Malabar Catholic diocese of Kothamangalam .
Şorkənd ( also , Shorkend ) is a village in the Neftchala Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Pedum was an ancient town of Latium in central Italy .
Rameshwar also known as Rameshwar Wadi is a small town located on the coast of Sindhudurg District of Maharashtra on the west coast of India .
Kompoti ( Greek : Κομπότι , pronounced ( koˈboti ) ) is a village and a former municipality in the Arta regional unit , Epirus , Greece .
Gorjevac ( Cyrillic : Горјевац ) is a village in the municipality of Bihać , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Silmala parish ( Latvian : Silmalas pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Rēzekne Municipality , Latvia .
Manresa ( Catalan pronunciation : ( mənˈrɛzə ) ) is the capital of the Comarca of Bages , located in the geographic centre of Catalonia , Spain , and crossed by the river Cardener .
Cuaró is a caserío ( hamlet ) in the sparsely populated central Artigas Department of northern Uruguay .
Rajndol ( pronounced ( ˈɾaːi̯ndɔl ) ; German : Reinthal or Reintal ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia .
Trimithi ( Greek : Τριμίθι ; Turkish : Edremit ) is a small village in Cyprus , located 6 km west of Kyrenia .
Vallenar is a city and commune in Atacama Region , Chile .
Hreðavatn is a lake in the west of Iceland .
Tel Aviv HaShalom Railway Station ( Hebrew : תַּחֲנַת תֵּל אָבִיב הַשָּלוֹם ) is one of the busiest railway stations in Israel , serving most lines of Israel Railways .
Queensland Conservatorium Griffith University ( formerly the Queensland Conservatorium of Music ) is a selective , audition based music school located in Brisbane , Queensland , Australia , and is part of Griffith University .
Mbeya is a city located in southwest Tanzania , Africa .
Summernats , short for Summer Nationals , is an annual car festival held in Canberra , Australia since 1987 .
Rembrandtplein ( Rembrandt Square ) is a major square in central Amsterdam , the Netherlands , named after the famous painter Rembrandt van Rijn who owned a house nearby from 1639 to 1656 .
Thiruvambadi Sri Krishna Temple(തിരുവമ്പാടി ക്ഷേത്രം ) is a Hindu temple located in City of Thrissur in Kerala , India .
Sarektjåkkå is the second highest mountain in Sweden and the highest mountain in the Laponian area at 2,089 metres AMSL .
The Château de Luc is a ruined castle in the town of Luc in the Lozère département , in the Languedoc - Roussillon région of France .
Motuoroi Island is a small island off the northeast of New Zealand 's North Island .
The Akaroa Marine Reserve , an area of 475 hectares ( 1,170 acres ) at the entrance to the Akaroa Harbour in New Zealand , was approved in 2013 after a lengthy campaign .
Stage Entertainment is one of the world 's largest theatre producers and owners , with offices and theatres in the Netherlands , Germany , Spain , the United Kingdom , the United States , Russia , France and Italy .
The city of Jinotega ( Spanish pronunciation : ( xinoˈteɣa ) ) is the capital of the department of Jinotega in the north central region of Nicaragua .
The Parnaíba River ( Portuguese : Rio Parnaíba ) is a river in Brazil , which forms the border between the states of Maranhão and Piauí .
Eiteråga or Eiterå is a village in the Dunderlandsdal valley in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county , Norway .
Maglaj Fortress is a castle in municipality Maglaj in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Ilmin International Relations Institute ( IIRI ) is a research institute at Korea University in Seoul , South Korea .
Qanat - e Mir Qalandar ( Persian : قنات ميرقلندر‎ , also Romanized as Qanāt - e Mīr Qalandar ; also known as Mīr Qalandar ) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District , Irandegan District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Witheren is a rural locality near Canungra in Queensland , Australia .
Conchillas ( locally : ( konˈtʃiʒas ) ) is a small industrial town located within the Colonia Department , in southwestern Uruguay .
Dovers Building is a reinforced concrete building in Melbourne , Australia .
Melbourne Museum is a natural and cultural history museum located in the Carlton Gardens in Melbourne , Australia , adjacent to the Royal Exhibition Building .
Tsaobis Leopard Park is a protected reserve of Namibia , located south of Omaruru and east of Swakopmund .
The Şemsi Pasha Mosque ( Turkish : Şemsi Paşa Camii , also spelled Chamsi - Pasha ) is an Ottoman mosque located in the large and densely populated district of Üsküdar , in Istanbul , Turkey .
The Kobe Regatta & Athletic Club , was founded on September 23 , 1870 by Alexander Cameron Sim , and is usually credited with being Japan 's oldest sports club .
Cauayan Airport ( Filipino : Paliparan ng Cauayan , Ilokano : Pagtayaban ti Cauayan ) ( IATA : CYZ , ICAO : RPUY ) is an airport serving the general area of Cauayan , a city in Isabela province in the Philippines .
Ratno Dolne ( ˈratnɔ ˈdɔlnɛ ) ( German : Niederrathen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radków , within Kłodzko County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Podtatranská kotlina ( literally Sub - Tatra Basin or Basin under Tatra(s ) ) is a basin in northern Slovakia , part of the Fatra - Tatra Area , which belongs to the Inner Western Carpathians .
Aipeia ( Greek : Αίπεια ) is a former municipality in Messenia , Peloponnese , Greece .
Alexandra Bridge Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located in the Fraser Canyon approximately two kilometres ( one mile ) north of Spuzzum and 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) north of Hope .
Ajaikapada Bhairava Temple is dedicated to Ekapada Bhairava - an aspect of Shiva - present in Jagatsinghpur district of Odisha , India .
Songo Songo Island is a small island located in Lindi Region in Tanzania .
Glover 's Reef is a partially submerged atoll located off the southern coast of Belize , approximately 45 kilometres from the mainland .
Agaete is a municipality of Las Palmas province , on the Canary Islands , Spain .
ABU Garcia , originally AB Urfabriken , then ABU Svängsta , is a fishing reel and fishing equipment company from Svängsta , Sweden , and is best known the manufacturer of the famous Ambassadeur bait casting ( overhead ) reel .
Sun Moon Lake ( Chinese : 日月潭 ; pinyin : Rìyuètán ; Wade -- Giles : Jih4-yüeh4-t'an2 ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Ji̍t - goa̍t - thâm ; Zintun in the Thao language , also Lake Candidus ) is the largest body of water in Taiwan as well as a tourist attraction .
Pandy , Monmouthshire is a hamlet in Monmouthshire , south east Wales , United Kingdom .
Yalutorovsk ( Russian : Ялу́торовск ) is a town in Tyumen Oblast , Russia , located on the Tobol River 75 kilometers ( 47 mi ) southeast of Tyumen .
Ilha Grande ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈiʎɐ ˈɡɾɐ̃dʒi ) `` Big Island '' ) is an island located off the coast of Rio de Janeiro state , Brazil .
Poniatowa ( pɔɲaˈtɔva ) is a town in southeastern Poland , in Opole Lubelskie County , in Lublin Voivodship , with 10,500 inhabitants ( 2006 ) .
The Deserters Group is a small group of islands in the Queen Charlotte Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia , Canada , located off the northeast coast of Vancouver Island to the north of Port Hardy .
Obudu Plateau is a plateau found on the Oshie Ridge of the Sankwala Mountain range , in Cross River State , in the southeast of Nigeria .
The Tapado Glacier is a glacier in Chile
Sirikari ( Greek : Σηρικάρι ) is a small mountain village ( elevation 509 m ) located in western Crete , in the regional unit of Chania , Greece .
The Yukon Suspension Bridge is a pedestrian cable suspension bridge located on mile 46.5 on the South Klondike Highway in Northern British Columbia , Canada .
Amderma Airport ( IATA : AMV , ICAO : ULDD ) is a former interceptor base in Arctic Russia , near Novaya Zemlya , located 4 km west of Amderma ( Амдерма ) .
Pruské ( Hungarian : Poroszka ) is a village and municipality in Ilava District in the Trenčín Region of north - western Slovakia .
The Zebrnjak monument ( Serbian : Спомен-костурница на брду Зебрњаку ) is located on a high location in the village of Mlado Nagoričane , 8.98 km away from Kumanovo , Republic of Macedonia .
Stavropol Shpakovskoye Airport ( IATA : STW , ICAO : URMT ) ( sometimes appearing as Mikhaylovskoye ) is an airport in Stavropol Krai , Russia located 13 km northeast of Stavropol .
Cazombo Airport ( IATA : CAV , ICAO : FNCZ ) is an airport serving Cazombo , in the province of Moxico in Angola .
Cuvier Island Lighthouse is a lighthouse on Cuvier Island , a small island off the east coast of the North Island of New Zealand .
The Basentello is a river that flows near the border between the Apulia and Basilicata regions of southern Italy .
Fagam or Gwaram is a town in Jigawa State , Nigeria .
Yangjaecheon is a stream that flows through the city of Seoul , South Korea .
Çiftepınar ( literally `` double fountain '' ) is a village in Erdemli district of Mersin Province , Turkey .
Bad Düben ( German pronunciation : ( ˌbaːt ˈdyːbən ) ) is a town in the district of Nordsachsen in the Free State of Saxony in Germany .
Majosháza is a village in Pest county , Budapest metropolitan area , Hungary .
On February 18 , 2011 , it was announced that Homburg Canada will succeed over Cogir as manager of Place Longueuil .
Khaneh Sorkh ( Persian : خانه سرخ‎ , also Romanized as Khāneh Sorkh ) is a village in Kashkan Rural District , Shahivand District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Alte is a village and civil parish in the municipality of Loulé , in the Algarve region in the south of Portugal .
The Den Oever Lighthouse is a cast iron lighthouse located in Den Oever , the Netherlands , on the Wadden Sea .
Originally named as `` Grand Stadium '' due to being the largest of the North side of Argentina , Racing Club de Avellaneda was invited to play a friendly match versus Atlético Tucumán as part of the celebration .
Krzyżanówek ( kʂɨʐaˈnuvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyżanów , within Kutno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Savinas ( Persian : سويناس‎ , also Romanized as Savīnās , Sūnīās , and Sūynās ; also known as Sūnīyās ) is a village in Kani Bazar Rural District , Khalifan District , Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Bakhorram - e Olya ( Persian : باخرم عليا‎ , also Romanized as Bākhorram - e `` Olyā ; also known as Bākhoram and Bākhorram ) is a village in Sursur Rural District , Muchesh District , Kamyaran County , Kurdistan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 216 , in 43 families .
Pyhäranta ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈpyhæˌrɑntɑ ) ) is a municipality of Finland .
Westfield Fountain Gate is a super regional shopping centre located in Narre Warren in the outer south - eastern suburbs of Melbourne , Australia .
Kuressaare Airport ( Estonian : Kuressaare lennujaam , IATA : URE , ICAO : EEKE ) is an airport in Estonia .
The Baiselsberg in the county of Ludwigsburg in Germany lies within the Stromberg - Heuchelberg Nature Park and , at 476.6 m above NN , is the highest point of the Stromberg region .
Aracar is a large conical stratovolcano in northwestern Argentina , just east of the Chilean border .
Pallekele ( Sinhalese : පල්ලෙකැලේ ) is a suburb of the city of Kandy in Kandy District , Sri Lanka .
Wodziłki ( vɔˈd͡ʑiu̯ki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeleniewo , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Dossenheim is a municipality in the Rhein - Neckar ( District ) in Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Bhadana ( Urdu : بھڈانه‎ ) is a town in Gujar Khan Tehsil Punjab , Pakistan .
The Dark Gate ( or alternatively Dark Portal , Hungarian : Sötétkapu ) is a tunnel located under the artificial slopes of Castle Hill near St. Adalbert 's Basilica in Esztergom , Hungary .
Ventspils University College ( Latvian : Ventspils Augstskola ) is a higher education establishment in Ventspils , Latvia .
Viborg Power Station ( Danish : Viborg Kraftvarmeværk ) is a natural gas - fired power station operated by Energi Viborg in Viborg , Denmark .
Tobane is a small village in the eastern part of Botswana about 20 km from the copper / nickel mining town of Selebi - Phikwe .
Évora ( São Mamede , Sé , São Pedro e Santo Antão ) is a civil parish in the municipality of Évora , Portugal .
Maxim 's is a restaurant in Paris , France , located at No . 3 of the rue Royale .
Owzan Bijeh ( Persian : اوزن بيجه‎ , also Romanized as Owzan Bījeh , Ozūnbījeh , Uzunbījeh , Ūzūn Bījeh , and Vazan Bījeh ) is a village in Garmkhan Rural District , Garmkhan District , Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Nygård Church ( Norwegian : Nygård kirke ) is a parish church in Bergen municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Lac de Viry - Châtillon is a lake located in the municipalities of Viry - Châtillon and Grigny in the Essonne department , France .
Crytek was founded by the Yerli brothers in 1999 in Coburg , Germany .
Plumieux ( Breton : Pluvaeg , Gallo : Ploemioec ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor of Brittany in northwestern France .
Khak - e Narm ( Persian : خاكنرم‎ , also Romanized as Khāk - e Narm ) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Biograci ( Serbian : Биограци ) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Jamrud Junction railway station ( Urdu : جمرود جنکشن ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is a railway station in Jamrud , a town in the Khyber Agency , within Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan .
Archib ( Арчиб in Cyrillic ) is a village in Southern Dagestan , Russia near the Azerbaijani border .
Nir Moshe ( Hebrew : נִיר מֹשֶׁה , lit . Moshe 's Meadow ) is a moshav in southern Israel .
The Progressive Unionist Party ( PUP ) is a small unionist political party in Northern Ireland .
Ras Hafun ( Somali : Ras Xaafuun ) , also known as Cape Hafun , is a promontory in the northeastern Bari region of Somalia .
Ørteren is a lake in the municipality of Hol in Buskerud county , Norway .
Hrymailiv ( Ukrainian : Гримайлів ; Polish : Grzymałów ; Yiddish : רימאלאוו‎ , Rimalov ) is an urban - type settlement in the Husiatyn Raion ( district ) of Ternopil Oblast ( province ) in western Ukraine .
The New Army , often referred to as Kitchener 's Army or , disparagingly , Kitchener 's Mob , was an ( initially ) all - volunteer army of the British Army formed in the United Kingdom following the outbreak of hostilities in the First World War .
Licenciado Gustavo Díaz Ordaz International Airport ( sometimes abbreviated as Lic . Gustavo Díaz Ordaz International Airport ) ( IATA : PVR , ICAO : MMPR ) is an international airport located at Puerto Vallarta , Jalisco in Mexico .
Swedish Board for Accreditation and Conformity Assessment ( Swedish : Styrelsen för ackreditering och teknisk kontroll , SWEDAC ) is the national accreditation body , assessing the competence of laboratories , certification and inspection bodies in Sweden .
Vourinos ( Greek : Βούρινος ) is a mountain range covering the eastern Grevena and southern Kozani regional units in Greece .
Laghouat ( English : Laghwat French : Laghouat Arabic : الأغواط‎ ) is the capital city of the Laghouat Province , Algeria , 400 km south of the Algerian capital Algiers .
Villena ( Spanish pronunciation : ( biˈʎena ) ) is a city in Spain , in the Valencian Community .
The Erawan Group is a hospitality company of Thailand , formerly known as Amarin Plaza PCL .
Bar Bodega is a music venue in Wellington , New Zealand .
Dagadapally ( or chinna dagada ) ( i / maɪˈsɔər/ ; Telugu : Telugu ) is a village in Veepangandla Mandal in Mahbubnagar district of Telangana State , India .
With approximately one million visitors annually , the municipality of Medjugorje has the most overnight stays in Bosnia - Herzegovina .
Tablewo ( taˈblɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchowola , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Nadrybie Ukazowe ( naˈdrɨbjɛ ukaˈzɔvɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puchaczów , within Łęczna County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Selemnos ( Greek : Σέλεμνος , Latin : Selemnus ) is a river in the northern part of Achaea , Greece .
Telus World of Science is a broad - based science centre in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada , operated by the Edmonton Space & Science Foundation .
Vigo ( /ˈviːɡoʊ/ , Galician : ( ˈbiɣo ) , locally : ( ˈbiħo , -xo ) , Spanish : ( ˈbiɣo ) ) is a city on the Atlantic Ocean in the province of Pontevedra , in Galicia , north - west Spain .
Sangan - e Kuknak ( Persian : سنگان كوكناك‎ , also Romanized as Sangān - e Kūknāk ; also known as Sangān - e Kūgnāk ) is a village in Taftan - e Jonubi Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Limakadeh ( Persian : ليماكده‎ , also Romanized as Līmākadeh and Līmāk Deh ) is a village in Jennat Rudbar Rural District , in the Central District of Ramsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Day Forest National Park , also known as Forêt du Day National Park , is a national park in the Goda Mountains of Djibouti .
Pampadum Shola National Park is the smallest national park in Kerala state , South India .
Vérignon ( Verinhon in Classical Provençal and Verignoun in Provençal of the mistralian norm ) is a commune in the Var department in the Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Trissino is a comune in the province of Vicenza , in northern Italy .
Ivdel ( Russian : Ивдель ) is a town in Sverdlovsk Oblast , Russia , located on the Ivdel River ( Ob 's basin ) near its confluence with the Lozva River , 535 kilometers ( 332 mi ) north of Yekaterinburg , the administrative center of the oblast .
Zaruj Mahalleh ( Persian : زروج محله‎ , also Romanized as Zarūj Maḩalleh ) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District , in the Central District of Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Tvøroyri ( Danish : Tværå ) lies picturesquely on the north side of the Trongisvágsfjørður ( fjord ) on the east coast of Suðuroy , Faroe Islands .
Aflao is a town in Ketu South District in the Volta Region on Ghana 's Togolese ( eastern ) border .
Data Kakus ( a.k.a . Apau Data ) is a remote Kenyah Badeng village settlement in the hilly interior of the Ulu Kakus Tatau division of Sarawak , Malaysia elevates to 650 metres , not far from Tubau and Belaga district .
Concarán is a town and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina .
Vărădia ( Hungarian : Varadia ) is a commune in Caraș - Severin County , in the west of Romania .
Sokołówka - Kolonia ( sɔkɔˈwufka kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Frampol , within Biłgoraj County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Leżenica - Kolonia ( lɛʐɛˈnit͡sa kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowo , within Piła County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Dommara Nandyal is a census town located in Mylavaram Mandal , Kadapa district , Andhra Pradesh , India .
Ein Tzurim ( Hebrew : עֵין צוּרִים , lit . Rocks Spring ) is a religious kibbutz in southern Israel .
Volsdalen Church ( Norwegian : Volsdalen kyrkje ) is a parish church in Ålesund Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
The Dunkettle Interchange is a major road junction in east Cork City , Ireland forming a junction between the M8 , N25 and the N40 .
Aberystwyth is an isolated town , considering the population density of the United Kingdom .
Hamelin Island lies north of Cape Hamelin , just out to sea from the former Hamelin Bay Jetty , on Hamelin Bay , on the south west coast of Western Australia , about 7 km north of Cape Leeuwin .
Buksnes Church ( Norwegian : Buksnes kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Vestvågøy in Nordland county , Norway .
Maidstone Borough Council ( MBC ) is the second level local authority for the Borough of Maidstone in Kent , United Kingdom .
Machame Mashariki is a town and ward in the Hai District of the Kilimanjaro Region of Tanzania .
Dviete Parish ( Latvian : Dvietes pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Daugavpils District , Latvia .
Polydoro ( Greek : Πολύδωρο , before 1929 : Μάζι - Mazi ) is a village in the municipal unit of Molossoi , Ioannina regional unit , Greece .
Gausganj is a census town in the southeast of the Hardoi district in the state of Uttar Pradesh , India .
Brandstorp is a minor locality situated in Habo Municipality in Jönköping County , Sweden .
North Nicosia or Northern Nicosia ( Turkish : ( Kuzey ) Lefkoşa ( kuˈzej lefˈkoʃa ) ) is the capital and largest city of the de facto state of Northern Cyprus .
Bloemhoek Dam , is an earth - fill type dam located on a small river called Jordaan Spruit close to Kroonstad , Free State , province South Africa .
Volavlje ( pronounced ( ʋɔˈlaːu̯ljɛ ) ; German : Wolaule ) is a settlement in the hills to the east of the Ljubljana in central Slovenia .
The Japanese international boarding school Teikyo School United Kingdom is located in Wexham , South Bucks .
Flaten Station ( Norwegian : Flaten holdeplass ) is a railway station at Flaten in Åmli , Norway .
Meyriez ( German : Merlach ) is a municipality in the district of See or du Lac in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland .
Morzewko ( mɔˈʐɛfkɔ ) ( German Mahrau ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Boukoumbé or Boukombé is a town , arrondissement and commune in north western Benin on the border with Togo .
Pitseng Pass , is situated in the Eastern Cape , province of South Africa , on the road between Mount Fletcher and Barkly East .
Elevated Expressways in Hyderabad are a set of two highways in Hyderabad , India .
The Golok River ( Thai : แม่น้ำโกลก , rtgs : Maenam Kolok , Thai pronunciation : ( mɛ̂ːnáːm koːlók ) ; Malay : Sungai Golok ) is a river that lies on the border between Malaysia and Thailand .
Gorenjski Vrh ( pronounced ( ɡɔˈɾeːnski ˈʋəɾx ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Zavrč in the Haloze area of eastern Slovenia .
Verkhivtseve ( Ukrainian : Верхівцеве ) is a city in Verkhnodniprovsk Raion , Dnipropetrovsk Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine .
Neusalza - Spremberg is a town in the district Görlitz , in the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
Ambulapcha Glacier is a glacier of the Himalayas in the Solukhumbu District of Nepal .
Yad Hana ( Hebrew : יַד חַנָּה , lit . Hannah 's Memorial ) is a Community settlement and former kibbutz in Israel 's Sharon plain .
Vabukori is a coastal village south of Port Moresby , the capital city of Papua New Guinea .
Spodnje Dule ( pronounced ( ˈspoːdnjɛ ˈduːlɛ ) ) is a settlement in the hills northwest of Leskovec pri Krškem in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
Copinula River ( Rio Copinula ) is a medium stream in the Sonsonate department of El Salvador , which has moderate to large quantities of fresh water year round , especially from early May through October .
Valiv ( Persian : وليو‎ , also Romanized as Vālīv ) is a village in Melkari Rural District , Vazineh District , Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Dawood University of Engineering and Technology ( initials : DUET ) , is a public university located in the industrial area of Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
The Kiewitt Ferry is a passenger cable ferry in the city of Potsdam in Brandenburg , Germany .
Togliatti State University ( TSU ) is a prominent public research University located in Samara Oblast , Russia , established in May 29 , 2001 as a result of the merger of the Togliatti Polytechnic Institute ( founded in 1951 ) and the Togliatti Branch of Samara State Pedagogical University ( founded in 1988 ) .
The Tuku Nature Reserve lies in the Tuku - a - tamatea ( Tuku ) River Valley in the south - west of the island of Rekohu , the main island in New Zealand 's Chatham Islands group in the south - west Pacific Ocean .
Lacombe Composite High School , also known as École Secondaire Lacombe Composite High School , is a high school in Lacombe , Alberta , Canada .
The Cariboo Mountains are entirely within the province of British Columbia , Canada .
Kesikköprü Dam is a 49-metre - tall earthen embankment dam on the Kızılırmak River near Ankara , Turkey .
The Arboretum du Val d'Ainan ( 10 hectares ) is a private arboretum located in Saint - Geoire - en - Valdaine , Isère , Rhône - Alpes , France .
Wairau Valley is the valley of the Wairau River in Marlborough , New Zealand and also the name of the main settlement in the upper valley .
Omora Ethnobotanical Park is a protected area of Chile located 4 km ( 2 mi ) west of Puerto Williams on Navarino Island in the extreme southern Magellan and Chilean Antarctica Region .
Nepi ( anciently Nepet or Nepete ) is a town and comune in Italy in the province of Viterbo , region of Lazio .
Tun Hussein Onn Jamek Mosque or Larkin Jamek Mosque is a mosque in Larkin , Johor Bahru , Johor , Malaysia .
Western Beqaa District ( Arabic : قضاء البقاع الغربي‎ ) is an administrative district in the Beqaa Governorate of the Republic of Lebanon .
Bondy ( French pronunciation : ​(bɔ̃.di ) ) is a commune in the northeastern suburbs of Paris , France .
Mád ( Yiddish : מאדע ) is a village in Borsod - Abaúj - Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary .
Nova Vas pri Mokricah ( pronounced ( ˈnoːʋa ˈʋaːs pɾi mɔˈkɾiːtsah ) ; Slovene : Nova vas pri Mokricah , German : Neudorf ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia , close to the border with Croatia .
Grafenegg is a market town ( Municipality ) in the Krems - Land district of Lower Austria , Austria .
Santa Maria dei Vergini is a church in central Naples , Italy , located in the Rione of the Sanità .
Gatineau ( /ˈɡætᵻnoʊ/ , French pronunciation : ​(ɡatino ) ) , officially Ville de Gatineau , is a city in western Quebec , Canada .
Smārde is a village in and center of Engure municipality , Latvia .
Afyon Airport ( IATA : AFY , ICAO : LTAH ) is an airport located at Afyon , Afyon Province , Turkey .
Kudrycze ( kuˈdrɨt͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabłudów , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Ofin River is an easterly - flowing waterway in Ghana .
Machu Kuntur Sinqa ( Quechua machu old , kuntur condor , sinqa nose , also spelled Machucóndor Senqa ) or Machu Kuntur Sankha ( sankha cliff , hispanicized Machucóndor Sanga ) is a mountain in the Cusco Region in Peru , about 4,200 metres ( 13,780 ft ) high .
Chah - e Dad Ali ( Persian : چاه دادعلي‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Dād ʿAlī ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , Jazmurian District , Rudbar - e Jonubi County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Shrinathpuram is an affluent locality situated in central Bareilly , Uttar Pradesh , India which lies on Nainital Road .
The Douro ( Portuguese : Douro ( ˈdo(w)ɾu ) ; Spanish : Duero ( ˈdweɾo ) ; Latin : Durius ) is one of the major rivers of the Iberian Peninsula , flowing from its source near Duruelo de la Sierra in Soria Province across northern - central Spain and Portugal to its outlet at Porto .
Sheikh Othman ( Arabic : الشيخ عثمان ) is a city district in Aden Governorate , Yemen , with a population of 105,248 according to 2004 census .
Marindia is a resort of the Costa de Oro in the Canelones Department of southern Uruguay .
Tidow ( Persian : تيدو‎ , also Romanized as Tīdow ) is a village in Rud Ab - e Gharbi Rural District , Rud Ab District , Narmashir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Lake Disappear is an intermittent lake ( see also Turlough ( lake ) and Polje ) situated in the North Island of New Zealand , just over 20 km from Raglan , 4 km beyond Bridal Veil waterfall .
Mozhabong Lake is a lake of Ontario , Canada .
The A. B. Simpson Alliance School , Inc. ( ABSAS ) is a school owned by the Christian and Missionary Alliance Churches of the Philippines ( CAMACOP ) in Zamboanga City , Philippines .
Fannefjorden is a fjord located in Molde Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Ikamiut is a settlement in the Qaasuitsup municipality in western Greenland , located on a small island in the Aasiaat Archipelago on the southern shores of Disko Bay .
List of Norwegian battles is a list of battles fought in Norway or which a significant number of Norwegians participated .
Oujda Angads Airport ( مطار وجدة أنجاد ) ( IATA : OUD , ICAO : GMFO ) is an airport serving Oujda , a city in the Oriental region in Morocco .
The Hilda mega - bonebed is a complex of fourteen probable Centrosaurus apertus bonebeds discovered near the town of Hilda in Alberta , Canada .
Pazhamudircholai Murugan Temple is a Hindu temple , located about 16 kilometres north of Madurai , India atop a hill covered with dense forests .
Catecka Base Camp ( also known as Catecka , Catecka Tea Plantation or The Stadium ) is a former U.S. Army base southwest of Pleiku in central Vietnam .
The Southern Democratic Party ( Italian : Partito Democratico Meridionale , PDM ) was a centrist political party in Italy based in Calabria .
Lechaina ( Greek : Λεχαινά ) is a town and a former municipality in Elis , West Greece , Greece .
Tullamore Town F.C. ( Irish : Cumann Peile Tulach Mhór ) is an Irish football club currently playing in the Leinster Senior League in the Republic of Ireland .
Psucin ( ˈpsut͡ɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk , within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Aleppo Railway Station ( Arabic : محطة قطار حلب‎ ) more commonly Gare de Baghdad ( Arabic : محطة بغداد‎ ) is the 2nd oldest railway station in Syria and the main station of the city of Aleppo .
Queensland Coach Company was established in February 1999 by Greyhound Pioneer Australia to body 135 Scania coaches over five years , including 94 for its interstate coach operation .
The Comarca Lagunera is the 9th largest metropolitan area in Mexico , and is located between two states , Coahuila and Durango .
Baby Point is a wealthy residential neighbourhood in the York district of Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Bhopalgarh is a town located in the Jodhpur District of Rajasthan state in western India .
Piršenbreg ( pronounced ( ˈpiːɾʃɛnbɾɛk ) ; in older sources also Piršni Breg , German : Pirschenberg ) is a settlement in the hills north of Brežice in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia .
Mount Dumas is a mountain on Campbell Island , the main island of the Campbell Island group of subantarctic islands , belonging to New Zealand .
St. Elizabeth Technical High School is a secondary instition in Santa Cruz , in the parish of Saint Elizabeth , Jamaica .
Bellegra is a town and comune in the Metropolitan City of Rome , in the Lazio region of central Italy .
Talavera District is one of the nineteen districts of the province Andahuaylas in Peru .
Naukšēni Manor ( Latvian : Naukšēnu muižas pils ) is a two - story manor house located in the Naukšēni municipality , Naukšēni parish , in the historical region of Vidzeme , northern Latvia .
Stuie is a community in the Bella Coola Valley of the Central Coast region of British Columbia , Canada , located at the confluence of the Atnarko and Talchako Rivers , which is the `` start '' of the Bella Coola River .
The City of Rockhampton was a local government area in the Central Queensland region of Queensland , Australia , encompassing most of the suburban area of the regional city of Rockhampton .
Gmina Bobrowo ( German : Bobrau ) is a rural gmina ( administrative district ) in Brodnica County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Cheese Route ( German : Käsestraße ) is a holiday route in north Germany , which links cheese - producing businesses in the state of Schleswig - Holstein .
Koroška Bela ( pronounced ( kɔˈɾoːʃka ˈbeːla ) ; German : Kärntner Vellach ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Jesenice in northwestern Slovenia .
The Geierwand ( Italian : Parete dell ' Avvoltoio ; German : Geierwand ) is a mountain in the Dolomites in South Tyrol , Italy .
Veblungsnes is a village located in Rauma Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Vyborg town wall ( Russian : Выборгская городская стена , Finnish : Viipurin kaupunginmuuri , Swedish : Viborgs stadsmur ) was a defensive structure built around the town of Viborg ( today Vyborg , Russia ) .
Oosterhout ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈoːstərɦʌut ) ; from ooster , `` eastern '' , and hout , `` woods '' ) is a municipality and a city in the southern Netherlands .
Zimunya is a village in the province of Manicaland , Zimbabwe located 15 km south of Mutare in the Zimunya communal land .
San Ángel is a colonia or neighborhood of Mexico City , located in the southwest in Álvaro Óbregon borough .
Andrejová ( Rusyn : Андріёва , Ukrainian : Андрійова , Hungarian : Endrevágása ) is a village and municipality in Bardejov District in the Prešov Region of Slovakia .
Beryanak ( Persian : بريانك‎ , also Romanized as Beryānak and Berīānak ) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District , in the Central District of Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran .
Periyar Maniammai University ( PMU ) is a deemed university in India accredited by NAAC .
James Hargest College is a large school of about 1,950 - -2,000 students , in Invercargill , New Zealand .
Domus Academica , colloquially called Domma , is a student housing complex in the center of Helsinki , Finland , owned by the Student Union of the University of Helsinki .
Tanowo ( taˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Police , within Police County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Frosty Boy is an Australian manufacturer and distributor of Soft serve and Frozen Yogurt products headquartered in Yatala , Queensland , Australia .
Stadio Città di Arezzo ( formerly Stadio Comunale ) is a multi - purpose stadium , located in Arezzo , Tuscany , Italy .
The Haparapara River is a river in the Bay of Plenty area of New Zealand .
Vratkovići ( Serbian Cyrillic : Вратковићи ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Moldavia ( Romanian : Moldova pronounced ( molˈdova ) ) is a historical region , and former principality in Eastern Europe , corresponding to the territory between the Eastern Carpathians and the Dniester river .
Sitovo Municipality ( Bulgarian : Община Ситово ) is a small municipality ( obshtina ) in Silistra Province , Northeastern Bulgaria , located along the right bank of Danube river in the Danubian Plain in the area of the South Dobrudzha geographical region .
Wola Skorzęcka ( ˈvɔla skɔˈʐɛnt͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniezno , within Gniezno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Olomouc Orthodox Church or Church of St. Gorazd is an Orthodox Christian church in the city of Olomouc in Moravia , in the Czech Republic .
Namatanai Airport ( IATA : ATN , ICAO : AYNX ) is an airfield serving Namatanai , in the New Ireland Province of Papua New Guinea .
Mount Davraz ( Turkish : Davraz Dağı ) , also sometimes cited as Mount Davras , is a mountain and a winter sports and ski resort in the Taurus Mountains in Isparta Province in southern Turkey .
Manniang Veng is a town within Churachandpur of Manipur , India .
Lago di Nicito was a lake in the Province of Catania , Sicily , Italy .
Abasaheb Garware College of Arts and Science , commonly referred to as Garware College , is located in Pune , Maharashtra , India .
The Frankfurt Main Cemetery ( German : Hauptfriedhof ) is the largest cemetery in Frankfurt am Main , Germany .
Busówno ( buˈsuvnɔ ) ( Ukrainian : Бусівно , Busivno ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Cheshmeh Ney ( Persian : چشمه ني‎ ) is a village in Doruneh Rural District , Anabad District , Bardaskan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Havířov ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈɦaviːr̝of ) ; Polish : Hawierzów , Cieszyn Silesian : Hawiyrzów ) is a city in the Karviná District , Moravian - Silesian Region of the Czech Republic .
La Moraleja is an affluent residential district of Alcobendas municipality in northern Community of Madrid , Spain , in the Madrid metropolitan area .
Villa Rufinella , also called Villa Tuscolana , is a villa in Frascati , Italy .
Pinarayi Vijayan , the former State Secretary of Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) , is a native of this village , and he is usually simply referred to by his village name .
The Sonian Forest or Sonian Wood ( Dutch : Zoniënwoud , French : Forêt de Soignes ) is a 4,421-hectare ( 10,920-acre ) forest that lies at the south - eastern edge of Brussels , Belgium .
Kapelludden is a wetland on the east coast of the island of Öland , Sweden , some four kilometers from the village of Bredsättra in Bredsättra socken , Borgholm Municipality .
SSNIT Flats is a community in Tamale Metropolitan District in the Northern Region of Ghana .
Deh Gap - e Mahmudi ( Persian : ده گپمحمودي‎ , also Romanized as Deh Gap - e Maḩmūdī ; also known as Deh - e Gap and Deh Gap ) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District , Doshman Ziari District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Persiaran Senawang 1 , Federal Route 242 , is a dual - carriageway federal road in Seremban , Negeri Sembilan , Malaysia .
Rieju is a manufacturer of mopeds and motorcycles from Spain .
Walichnowy ( valixˈnɔvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokolniki , within Wieruszów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Bagnoli Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield in northeast Italy , which is located approximately 4 km south of Conselve in the Province of Padua in the Italian region of Veneto .
Qatana ( Arabic : قطنا‎ ) is a city in southern Syria , administratively part of the Qatana District of Rif Dimashq Governorate .
Bobotov Kuk ( Cyrilic : Боботов Кук ) is a peak in northern Montenegro .
Zuzgen ( Swiss German : ( ˈtsʊtsɡə ) ) is a municipality in the Rheinfelden District of canton Aargau in Switzerland .
Fairfield Institute of Management and Technology ( FIMT ) is located in Kapashera , South West district of New Delhi , India and affiliated to Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University is a technical and management degree college .
Circuit des Remparts was a circuit race for Grand Prix cars and Formula Two voiturettes held in Angoulême , France .
The Shapsug Reservoir , also known as the Shapsugskoye Reservoir ( Russian : Шапсу́гское водохрани́лище ) is a deactivated reservoir in Takhtamukaysky District of the Republic of Adygea , Russia , located 3 kilometers ( 1.9 mi ) southwest of Krasnodar .
Munjeong - dong Rodeo Street is a major outlet shopping center in Seoul , South Korea .
Hood Aerodrome ( IATA : MRO , ICAO : NZMS ) is an aerodrome , located in Masterton , New Zealand , it is located 1 NM South West of the town centre in the suburb of Solway .
The Leading Edge Partnership programme was established in 2003 by the Department for Children , Schools and Families in the United Kingdom .
Moss Station ( Norwegian : Moss stasjon ) is a railway station located in downtown Moss in Østfold , Norway .
Zeanuri ( Spanish : Ceánuri ) is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay , in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country , northern Spain .
Zamcze ( ˈzamt͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza , within Brzeg County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Staring - baai ( Dutch for Staring Bay ) is a bay off the southeast peninsula of Sulawesi in Indonesia .
Acrijos is village of municipality San Pedro Manrique in the province of Soria , Spain .
The Atlatzi River is a river in the Pacific Ranges in the Central Coast region of British Columbia , Canada , flowing southwest into the lower Kingcome River , which feeds the head of Kingcome Inlet .
Omugulugwombashe ( also : Omugulu - Gwombashe , Omugulu - gwOombashe , and Omgulumbashe , Otjiherero : giraffe leg ) is a settlement in the Tsandi electoral constituency in the Omusati Region of northern Namibia .
Jan Neruda Grammar School is one of the oldest schools in the Czech Republic .
Serra do Açor Protected Landscape is a protected landscape in the Centro Region , Portugal .
Dhariawad is a census town in Pratapgarh district ( Rajasthan ) in the state of Rajasthan , India .
Kramrowo ( kramˈrɔvɔ ) ( German Kramershof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwidzyn , within Kwidzyn County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Coed Ganllwyd National Nature Reserve is situated behind the village of Ganllwyd on the A470 , about 9 kilometres north of Dolgellauin Wales , United Kingdom .
The Schladminger 4-Berge - Schaukel is the name of four interconnected ski mountains in Austria .
Labytnangi ( Russian : Лабытна́нги ; from Khanty : лапыт нангк ; lit . seven larches ) is a town in Yamalo - Nenets Autonomous Okrug , Russia , located on the left bank of the Ob River , 20 kilometers ( 12 mi ) northwest of Salekhard .
Cieszanów ( t͡ɕeˈʂanuf ) ( Ukrainian : Тішанів or Цішанів or Чесанів , Tishaniv or Tsishaniv or Chesaniv ; Yiddish : ציעשינאוו - Tseshenov‎ ) is a town in Lubaczów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , Poland .
Kadayiruppu is a village on the outskirts of Kolenchery town in Kerala , India .
Zoosafari Fasanolandia is an animal attraction and theme park in Fasano in southern Italy .
Baridhara ( Bengali : বারিধারা ) is an upscale residential area in Dhaka , Bangladesh .
The Tampere Lenin Museum ( Finnish : Lenin - museo ) is a museum devoted to Vladimir Lenin in Tampere , Finland .
Gnosjö is a locality and the seat of Gnosjö Municipality , Jönköping County , Sweden with 4,326 inhabitants in 2010 , out of a municipal total of 9,600 .
Kyrksjön ( Swedish : Church Lake ) is a small lake in Bromma , a western suburb in Stockholm , Sweden .
Shahrak - e Ansar ( Persian : شهرک انصار‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Anşār ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Koczała ( kɔˈt͡ʂawa ) ( German : Flötenstein ) is a village in Człuchów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Đedovići ( Serbian : Ђедовићи ) is a village in the Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Strupina ( struˈpina ) ( German : Stroppen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prusice , within Trzebnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Odzhakhly ( also , Oazhakly ) is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Julien Morin Stadium ( French : Stade Julien - Morin ) is a baseball stadium in Coaticook , Quebec , Canada .
Ballyards Halt railway station was on the Castleblayney , Keady and Armagh Railway in Northern Ireland .
Motycz ( ˈmɔtɨt͡ʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konopnica , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Doi Chiang Dao ( Thai : ดอยเชียงดาว ) , also known as Doi Luang Chiang Dao ( ดอยหลวงเชียงดาว ) , is a 2,175 m high mountain in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Jerry Seuseu ( born 19 April 1974 in Auckland , New Zealand ) is a former professional rugby league player who represented New Zealand and Samoa .
Adoum Younousmi ( born 1962 ) is a Chadian politician who served in the government of Chad as Minister of Public Works and Transport from 2003 to 2005 and as Minister of State for Infrastructure from 2005 to 2011 .
Bhim Acharya , secretary of Communist Party of Nepal ( Unified Marxist - Leninist ) , assumed the post of the Minister for Culture , Tourism and Civil Aviation of Nepal on 25 February 2014 under Sushil Koirala - led government .
Si Schroeder ( born Dublin , Ireland ) is the alias of Irish music artist Simon Kenny .
Salvador Gonzáles Escalona , born October 21 , 1948 in Camagüey , Cuba , is a Cuban painter , muralist and sculptor .
Marilyn Norry ( born October 4 , 1957 in Peterborough , Ontario ) is a Canadian actress performing on stage across Canada and in films and television around the world .
Mike McLenaghen ( born June 10 , 1954 in Burnaby , British Columbia , Canada ) is a former North American Soccer League player and member of the Canadian national soccer team .
Ilhama Gasimova ( Azerbaijani : İlhamə Qasımova ; born 1976 , Bala Şürük , Lankaran Rayon , Azerbaijan ) is an Azerbaijani pop singer .
Mohammed Younis al - Ahmed al - Muwali ( Arabic : محمد يونس الأحمد‎ ) aka Khadr al - Sabahi is a former senior member of the Ba'ath Party in Iraq with a Million Dollar Bounty on his head as one of Iraq 's most wanted men accused of funding and leading resistance operations .
Sir Tipene O'Regan ( born Stephen Gerard O'Regan on 1 January 1939 ) is a New Zealand academic and company director .
Mario Hamuy is a Chilean Astronomer and Professor of Astronomy at the University of Chile and Cerro Calan Observatory .
Hakan Fidan ( born 1968 , Ankara ) is a retired Turkish army sergeant , teacher , diplomat and the Head of National Intelligence Organization ( Turkey ) .
Albert Namatjira ( 28 July 1902 -- 8 August 1959 ) , born Elea Namatjira , was a Western Arrernte - speaking Aboriginal artist from the MacDonnell Ranges in Central Australia .
Susan Itticheria ( born 1959 in India ) is a former Test and One Day International cricketer who represented India .
Reuven Abergel emigrated to Israel with his parents and nine siblings from Rabat , Morocco .
Heidi Tagliavini ( born 1950 in Basel ) is a Swiss diplomat noted for her service with international aid and peacekeeping missions ; a 2003 profile in the monthly magazine of the Neue Zürcher Zeitung called her `` Switzerland 's outstanding diplomat '' .
Rajan Khosa is an Indian writer - director - producer who has worked between the UK , Europe and India for the last decade .
Born Roy Livingstone Plummer , c.1948 in Saint Elizabeth Parish , Jamaica , King Sounds emigrated to the UK in 1964 , having already made some recordings in Jamaica .
`` Ronaldinho '' , the diminutive and term of endearment for `` Ronaldo '' , is accompanied in Brazilian usage by the nickname `` Gaúcho '' ( since he hails from southern Brazil ) , in order to distinguish him from fellow footballer and countryman Ronaldo , who was known as `` Ronaldinho '' in Brazil beforehand .
Ray Tarantino ( born 3 February 1976 , Milan , Italy ) is a photographer and songwriter of Italian descent .
Andrew Dold ( born 1969 ) is a contemporary artist and school teacher living in Ontario Canada .
Lucy Awuni Mbun is a Ghanaian politician and a former deputy Upper East Regional Minister of Ghana .
Giovanna Garzoni was born in 1600 in Ascoli Piceno in the Marche district of Italy to Giacomo Garzoni and Isabetta Gaia .
Ramón Zaydín y Márquez Sterling ( 1895 - 1968 ) was a Cuban politician and Prime Minister of Cuba .
Born Henri Étienne - Martin 4 February 1913 in Loriol , Drôme , France , Étienne Martin attended the Ecole des Beaux Arts de Lyon from 1929 to 1933 , where he met Marcel Michaud .
José Cuero born in Bogotá , Colombia on March 30 , 1990 is a football player , who plays for Millonarios in the Categoría Primera A , as a defender or midfield .
Herman Schurch ( April 7 , 1903 in Sumiswald , Switzerland -- November 10 , 1931 Los Angeles ) was a Swiss - American racecar driver .
Nicolás Vuyovich ( Orán , Salta , June 29 , 1981 -- Córdoba , Argentina , 8 May 2005 ) was a sportscar driver from Argentina .
Siaosi Tuʻihala ʻAlipate Vaea Tupou , who was more commonly known as Baron Vaea , ( 15 May 1921 -- 7 June 2009 ) was a Prime Minister of Tonga .
Saori Yumiba ( 弓場 沙織 , born November 25 , 1977 in Tokyo , Japan ) is a Japanese voice actress affiliated with Production Baobab .
David Nicholls ( musicologist ) ( born in 1955 , Birmingham , United Kingdom ) is a British musicologist and composer .
Alireza Pourmand ( Persian : علیرضا پورمند‎ ; born 21 June 1970 in Isfahan , Iran ) is an Iranian football coach and retired player who currently serving as assistant manager at Saba Qom .
Somedaydream is a Filipino synthpop project created by singer - songwriter Rez Toledo in 2011 in Manila , the Philippines .
Demet Şener Kutluay ( born 11 April 1977 ) is a Turkish actress and former model who was Miss Turkey 1995 .
Tim Cope was born in 1978 in Warragul , in Australia , and raised in Drouin South , Victoria .
Thomas Helbig ( born 1967 in Rosenheim , Germany ) is an artist based in Berlin .
J. Cardim is a music producer who has lived in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , Cambridge , Massachusetts , and currently lives in New York City .
Komba Claudius Gbamanja is a Sierra Leonean politician from the opposition Sierra Leone People 's Party , who is a member of parliament of Sierra Leone representing the Kono District .
Seyed Ali Aghazadeh Dafsari ( Persian:سید علی آقازاده دافساری born on January 2 , 1959 ) is an Iranian politician and representative of Rasht at Parliament of Iran .
Sachin Yardi is a Hindi film director and screenwriter from India .
The son of a caid , Said Ben Ahmed Abbas and Achoura ( Maza ) Abbas , Ferhat Abbas was born in the village of Taher , Algeria .
Ashish Kumar ( born 1990 ) is an Indian gymnast from Allahabad , who won India 's first - ever medals in gymnastics , in October 2010 at the 2010 Commonwealth Games and became the most successful Indian gymnast in Commonwealth Games history , by winning bronze and silver medals in different gymnastic events .
Nicolas Liez ( 1809 - -1892 ) was a Luxembourg painter , sculptor and architect who is remembered in particular for his lithographs of scenes throughout the Grand Duchy and for his oil painting of the City of Luxembourg .
Shanti Bhushan ( born 11 November 1925 Allahabad , United Provinces ) is a former Law Minister of India holding office at the Ministry of Law and Justice from 1977 to 1979 in the Morarji Desai Ministry .
Jarrad Hickey ( born 7 May 1985 in Sydney , Australia ) is a rugby league player .
Nicolás Covatti ( born 19 June 1988 ) is an Argentine motorcycle speedway rider who has ridden twice in the Speedway Grand Prix of Italy and has raced in the UK for the Birmingham Brummies and Sheffield Tigers .
Petr Barna ( born 9 March 1966 ) is a Czech former competitive figure skater who competed for Czechoslovakia .
Gabriel Julio Fernández Capello ( born July 24 , 1964 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is a musician and composer better known by his stage name Vicentico .
Trevor Stewardson ( born March 28 , 1977 in Thunder Bay , Ontario ) is a boxer from Canada , competing in the light heavyweight ( -- 81 kg ) division .
Walter Frentz ( listen ; 21 August 1907 -- 6 July 2004 ) was a German cameraman , film producer and photographer , who was considerably involved in the picture propaganda of Nazi Germany .
Miss Kittin was born Caroline Hervé in 1973 in Grenoble , a city in the Alps , in southeastern France .
Mohsen Arzani ( Persian : محسن ارزانی‎‎ ; born September 23 , 1984 ) is an Iranian football player currently playing in the Iran 's Premier Football League .
Melanie Skotnik ( formerly Melfort ; born 8 November 1982 in Hersbruck , West Germany ) is a French - German high jumper .
It sparked a renewed public interest in ancient Egypt , for which Tutankhamun 's mask , now in the Egyptian Museum , remains the popular symbol .
Hernán Medina Calderón ( born August 29 , 1937 in Yarumal , in the Antioquia Department , Colombia ) is a retired Colombian road racing cyclist who won the Vuelta a Colombia in 1960 and the Vuelta a Guatemala in 1958 .
Yadollah Javani is a Brigadier and the head of the political bureau of the Army of the Guardians of the Islamic Revolution or Iranian Revolutionary Guard , the powerful and influential branch of Iran 's military , founded after the Iranian revolution .
Abdus Samad Azad ( pronunciation ahb - DOOS sah - MAHD ah - ZAHD January 15 , 1922 -- April 27 , 2005 ) was a diplomat and politician from Bangladesh .
Martin Khor ( born 1951 in Penang , Malaysia ) is the Executive Director of the South Centre ( an intergovernmental organisation of developing countries based in Geneva , Switzerland ) since 1 March 2009 .
Ali Sadek Abou - Heif is an Egyptian human rights scholar , described as one of the leading specialists in international public law and human rights in Egypt and more generally in the Arab world .
Enrico Fabris ( born 5 October 1981 ) ) is a former Italian long track speed skater who has won three World Cup races and became the first European Allround Champion from Italy when he won the 2006 European Championships one month before the Winter Olympics in Turin .
Dirk - Ulrich Mende ( born 1957 ) is a German SPD politician and Lord Mayor ( Oberbürgermeister ) of the town of Celle in North Germany .
If Australia has any producer - cum - auteurs , then Phillip Avalon is certainly one ...
Arnulf Rainer ( born 8 December 1929 , in Baden , Austria ) , is an Austrian painter and is internationally renowned for his abstract informal art . During his early years , Rainer was influenced by Surrealism .
Vasco de Quiroga ( 1470 - 78 -- March 14 , 1565 ) was the first bishop of Michoacán , Mexico and one of the judges ( oidores ) in the second Audiencia that governed New Spain from January 10 , 1531 to April 16 , 1535 .
Carlos Otto Junge ( 1887 , Concepción , Chile -- 1978 , Germany ) was a Chilean--
Mangani Lal Mandal a politician from the Rashtriya Janata Dal party , was a Member of the Parliament of India representing Bihar in the Lok Sabha , the lower house of the Indian Parliament ..
Jesper deClaville Christiansen ( born 30 June 1963 in Skive , Denmark ) is a Danish professor in Materials Science and Technology .
Dr. György Nonn ( 9 January 1918 -- 17 November 2007 ) was a Hungarian jurist , who served as Chief Prosecutor of Hungary from 1955 to 1956 .
Raidel Poey Romero ( born February 20 , 1982 , in Havana ) is a volleyball player from Cuba , who plays in different positions .
Justice Swatanter Kumar , B.A. , LL.B. ( born 31 December 1947 ) is the chairperson of National Green Tribunal and a former judge of the Supreme Court of India .
Raghunath Vaman Dighe ( Marathi : रघुनाथ वामन दिघे ) ( 24 April 1896 - 5 July 1980 ) was a Marathi writer from Maharashtra , India .
Erik Honoré ( born 11 December 1966 in Kristiansand , Norway ) is a Norwegian writer , musician , record producer and sound engineer .
Johanna Buick is a former road cyclist from New Zealand .
Yusuke Kosai ( 小斉 祐輔 , born April 30 , 1983 in Matsubara , Osaka ) is a Japanese professional baseball infielder for the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles in Japan 's Nippon Professional Baseball .
Jalal Cheraghpour ( Persian : جلال چراغپور ) ( born 11 November 1950 in Tehran , Iran ) is an Iranian football manager .
Gerd Greune ( 15 March 1949 in Hannover -- 24 August 2012 in Hamburg Germany ) was the president of the Institute for International Assistance and Solidarity ( IFIAS ) .
Arisa Cox ( born December 7 , 1978 in Toronto , Ontario ) is a Canadian television and radio personality , best known as the host of Big Brother Canada .
Takun J uses music to address socio political issues in Liberia .
Nicolaos Matussis , Nicolae Matussi ( Greek : Νικόλαος Ματούσης ; 1898 -- after 1981 ) was a Greek Aromanian lawyer , politician and leader of the Vlach `` Roman Legion '' , an Italian - sponsored political and Aromanian paramilitary during World War II in Central Greece .
Alfonso de la Cerda ( France,1289 - Gentilly , France , April 15 of 1327 ) , named of Spain , Archdeacon of Paris to 1322 , Baron de Lunel , 1324 , Lord of Tafalla and Caparroso July 1325 .
Raphael Nomiye ( February 1963 - November 2013 ) is a Nigerian politician and legislator in the House of Representatives of Nigeria , representing Ilaje and Ese Odo Federal Constituency of Ondo State , Nigeria .
Jordan Selwyn ( born 21 July 1989 ) is a New Zealand - based film and stage actor .
Philip Edward Archer ( born 22 February 1925 , Abontiakrom , Tarkwa ) was the Chief Justice of Ghana between 1991 and 1995 .
Johanna Veenstra ( 1894 - -1933 ) was the first missionary of the Christian Reformed Church ( CRC ) to go to Nigeria .
Teodora Blanco Núñez ( b. February 28 , 1928 - d December 23 , 1980 ) was an artisan in Santa María Atzompa , Oaxaca , Mexico who created her own style of decorative ceramics that influence the potters of her generation and those after in the region .
Sami Harun Tekin ( born 28 June 1977 in Ankara , Turkey ) is a Turkish singer , musician , and poet .
Joaquín Cuadra Lacayo , a scion of Nicaragua 's elite , joined the rebel Sandinista National Liberation Front ( FSLN ) in late 1972 .
Jan - Michael Williams ( born October 26 , 1984 in Couva ) is a Trinidad & Tobago international footballer who is currently playing for Central FC in Trinidad and Tobago .
Cristache Gheorghiu ( born May 2 , 1937 ) is a writer and painter , born in Romania and settled in Greece .
Isabel de Josa , whose full name was Dona Isabel de Josa y Cardona , ( c. 1508 in Lleida , Catalonia , Spain -- 1575 in Lérida , Spain ) was a Catalan noble woman .
Alona Kimhi was born in Lvov , Ukraine ( then in the Soviet Union ) , in 1966 and emigrated to Israel with her family in 1972 .
Lakshman de Alwis ( March 17 , 1940 -- April 6 , 2008 ) was the National coach for Athletics in Sri Lanka .
András Simon ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈɒndraːʃ ˈʃimon ) ; born 30 March 1990 ) is a Hungarian footballer who currently plays for Győri ETO in the top - tier league of Hungary .
Liam McEwan ( born 1995 ) is an award winning television presenter , radio host and social media personality living in Auckland , New Zealand .
Lorenzo Fonda ( born 1979 in Modena , Italy ) is an Italian film director and artist based in New York City .
Udagawa Katsutarō ( born Hideo Udagawa ; December 3 , 1939 -- July 24 , 1989 ) was a sumo wrestler from Tokyo , Japan .
Cheong Liew ( born Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia ) is one of South Australia 's best known chefs .
Ryu Jae - kuk ( Hangul : 류제국 ; hanja : 柳済國 ; born May 30 , 1983 in Seoul , South Korea ) , also known as Jae Kuk Ryu is a former Major League Baseball pitcher .
Julián Román ( Born December 10 , 1977 , Bogotá , Colombia ) , is a Colombian actor , has been involved in theater , film and television .
Miguel Alcubierre Moya ( born March 28 , 1964 in Mexico City ) is a Mexican theoretical physicist .
John Denver Hore ( born 19 July 1944 in Ranfurly , New Zealand ) is a New Zealand country singer and songwriter , better known by his stage name of John Grenell .
Miloslav Bednařík ( January 30 , 1965 -- June 16 , 1989 ) was a shooter from Czechoslovakia .
Gerald Stourzh ( born 15 May 1929 in Vienna , Austria ) is an Austrian historian who studies modern history , especially the history of North America , of Austria , of political ideas , of constitutions and especially of human rights .
Eugen Mittwoch ( December 4 , 1876 - November 8 , 1942 ) was the founder of Modern Islamic Studies in Germany , and at the same time an eminent Jewish scholar ( He was a doctoral advisor and rabbi of Rabbi Dr. Joseph B. Soloveitchik .
Aksel Lund Svindal ( born 26 December 1982 ) is a World Cup alpine ski racer from Kjeller , Norway .
Sergio García Fernández ( born 9 January 1980 ) is a professional golfer from Spain who plays on both the PGA Tour and the European Tour .
Patricia Navidad ( Spanish pronunciation : ( paˈtɾisja naβiˈðað ) ; born Ana Patricia Navidad Lara on May 20 , 1973 in Culiacán , Sinaloa , Mexico ) is a Mexican actress and singer .
Rita Sakellariou ( Greek : Ρίτα Σακελλαρίου ) ( born 22 October 1934 , Sitia , Crete , Greece -- died 6 August 1999 , Athens , Greece ) was a famous Greek singer .
Mubarak Alhammad was born in 1956 in the village of Wadi ad - Dawasir , Saudi Arabia .
Joëlle Morosoli is a Quebec artist who was born in Strasbourg , France , of French and Swiss descent .
Justin Fleming ( born 3 January 1953 ) , born Sydney , Australia is a playwright and author .
Parvathy Omanakuttan ( born 13 March 1987 ) is an Indian actress , model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss India 2008 and later became first runner - up at Miss World 2008 .
Mercy Myra is a R&B musician from Kenya .
Edgar Percy Blamires ( 7 January 1878 - -16 March 1967 ) was a New Zealand Methodist minister and community leader .
Rolf Kukowitsch was a German football coach who managed several clubs in East Germany .
Martin Palouš ( born 14 October 1950 in Prague , Czechoslovakia ) is the ex - Permanent Representative to the United Nations for the Czech Republic .
Daniela Ambrosoli , daughter of German dancer Sonja Bragowa and Italian trader Pierino Ambrosoli is born in Ascona , Switzerland .
Magda Cârneci is a poet , essayist , and art historian born in Romania .
Moses Kiptanui ( born October 1 , 1970 in Marakwet District , Kenya ) is a middle and long distance athlete mostly famous for 3,000 m steeplechase in which he was the number one ranked athlete from 1991 to 1995 and three time IAAF World Champion .
Bryan Wong grew up in a kampong in Kembangan in 70s -- 80s Singapore .
Felipe Cazals ( born 28 July 1937 ) is a Mexican film director , screenwriter and producer his parents were from France but he is registered as born in Mexico , D.F. His wife is Rosa Eugenia Báez de Cazals .
Navy Captain ( later Rear Admiral ) Oladeinde Joseph was military governor of Ogun State , Nigeria between August 1990 and January 1992 during the military administration of General Ibrahim Babangida , handing over power to the elected civilian governor Segun Osoba .
Kenneth W. MacKenzie ( February 3 , 1862 -- October 9 , 1929 ) was a politician in Alberta , Canada and a two - time mayor of Edmonton .
Jaime Pinto - Bravo is a retired professional tennis player from Chile .
In 1948 Karl Hamann became the party 's national chairman in East Germany , confirmed in office , together with Hermann Kastner , in 1949 .
Mathieu Valbuena ( French pronunciation : ​(ma.tjø val.bwe.na ) ; born 28 September 1984 ) is a French international footballer who plays for Ligue 1 club Lyon and the France national team .
Abubakar Ibn Umar Garbai El - Kanemi of Borno ( born 1957 ) is the Shehu , or traditional ruler , of the Borno Emirate in northeast Nigeria .
Dzianis Simanovich ( Belarusian : Дзяніс Сімановіч ; born 20 April 1987 in Chișinău , Moldova ) is a racewalker for Belarus .
Vangelis Raptopoulos ( Greek : Βαγγέλης Ραπτόπουλος ) ( born 1959 , Athens , Greece ) is a Greek novelist .
Elzéar Gérin , ( 14 November 1843 -- 18 August 1887 ) , was a politician in Quebec , Canada .
Charles Kalemba is the City Council Chief Executive Officer of Zomba , Malawi , and the Zomba District Chief Executive Officer .
Margaret Bushby Lascelles Cockburn ( 1829 - -1928 ) was an artist and amateur ornithologist who lived in the Nilgiris in India .
Guido Raimondi ( born 22 October 1953 ) is an Italian judge born in Naples and currently the President of the European Court of Human Rights ; his nomination as a judge was in respect of Italy .
Sverre Erik Jebens ( born 29 September 1949 ) is a Norwegian lawyer and the Judge of the European Court of Human Rights in respect of Norway , a position he has held since November 2004 .
Adahisa Peña Arteaga ( born August 6 , 1983 ) is a pageant titleholder , born in Valencia , Venezuela .
Giovanni Ordelaffi ( 1355 - -1399 ) was a member of the noble family of Ordelaffi , the Lords of Forlì , in Italy , in the 14th and in the 15th centuries .
Adam Richards is a drifting driver from New Plymouth , New Zealand .
Faustin Betbeder was born in Soissons , France in 1847 and lived until sometime around 1914 .
Janet Shackleton is a former New Zealand hurdler .
Samuel Castelán Marini , better known as Samuel Castelli ( born May 7 , 1985 in Zentla , Veracruz , Mexico ) is a singer who won the fifth season of the Mexican reality show La Academia .
Ruprekha Banerjee ( Bengali : রূপরেখা ব্যানার্জী ) ( born 1984 in Kolkata ) was one of the three finalists of Fame Gurukul , one of the most watched television shows in India , along with Rex D'Souza and Qazi Touqeer .
Frantz Kruger ( born 22 May 1975 in Kempton Park , South Africa ) is a South African born Finnish discus thrower who won the Olympic bronze medal in 2000 .
Maria de Barros ( born February 3 , 1961 in Dakar , Senegal ) is a singer most associated with Cape Verde , the land of her parents .
Mariano Bombarda ( born 10 September 1972 in Cádiz ) is a retired Argentinian football striker , who was born in Spain and started his senior career in the Netherlands .
Nikolay Neprimerov ( born 1 May 1921 in Annovka , Voronezh Region , Russia ) , is a Doctor of Technical Sciences and professor of physics at the Kazan State University .
Giuseppina Pasqua ( 24 October 1851 -- 24 February 1930 ) was an Italian opera singer who performed throughout Italy and Europe from the late 1860s through the early 1900s .
Goutam Ghose ( also credited as Gautam Ghosh , Bengali : গৌতম ঘোষ ) ( born 24 July 1950 ) is one of the most acclaimed film directors , music director , and cinematographer of modern India , who works primarily in Bengali cinema .
Fujiwara no Reishi ( 1185 - -1 November 1243 ) was an Empress consort of Japan .
Helena Hietanen ( born 1963 ) lives and works Helsinki , Finland .
Hermanus van Wyk ( 1835 - -1905 ) was the first Kaptein of the Baster community at Rehoboth in South - West Africa , today Namibia .
Anthony Severin is the Ambassador and Permanent Representative of Saint Lucia to the United Nations and the Caribbean community .
Siavash Akbarpour ( Persian : سیاوش اکبرپور‎‎ , born January 21 , 1985 in Shiraz , Iran ) is a retired Iranian football player .
Saint Kizito ( 1872 - June 3 , 1886 ) was one of the Martyrs of Uganda .
On 1 May 2011 at Stade de France , Christophe Jallet won the Coupe de France with Paris Saint - Germain after a 1 - -0 defeat of Monaco in the final .
Roberto Urbay studied at Escuela Nacional de Arte in Havana , Cuba where he was instructed by Margot Rojas Mendoza and Silvio Rodríguez Cárdenas .
Bernhard Rust ( 30 September 1883 in Hanover -- 8 May 1945 ) was Minister of Science , Education and National Culture ( Reichserziehungsminister ) in Nazi Germany .
Tan Kok Wai ( simplified Chinese : 陈国伟 ; traditional Chinese : 陳國偉 ; pinyin : Chén Guó Wěi ; born 7 October 1957 ) is a Malaysian politician and is the Member of the Parliament of Malaysia for the Cheras constituency in the Federal Territory of Kuala Lumpur .
Samanta Poļakova ( born 31 March 1989 in Tukums , Latvia ) , better known by her stage name Samanta Tīna is a Latvian singer , best known for participating in Eirodziesma 2012 and Dziesma 2013 and 2014 .
Gabriel Veyre was an early film director and photographer born in France , but mainly known for his work in Mexico , Indochina and Morocco .
Sean Storey ( born 19 August 1971 in Scunthorpe , Lincolnshire , England ) is a former English professional snooker player .
Rumyana Bachvarova ( Bulgarian : Румяна Бъчварова ) ( born on 13 March 1959 in Shipka , Bulgaria ) is a Bulgarian GERB politician .
Bjørn Johan Muri ( born 4 January 1990 in Ålesund , Norway ) is a Norwegian singer known for having taken part in Series 5 Idol ( the Norwegian Pop Idol ) in 2007 where he came runner - up .
Drauzio Varella , MD , ( born January 1 , 1943 in São Paulo , Brazil ) is a Brazilian physician , educator , scientist and noted medical science popularizer in the press and TV , as well as best - selling author .
Amrit Kumar Bohara ( Nepali : अमृतकुमार बोहरा ) , born April 27 , 1948 , is a leader of the Communist Party of Nepal ( Unified Marxist - Leninist ) ( CPN(UML ) ) .
In 2010 , he moved to Turkey and adopted the Turkish name Ali Kaya .
Gonzalo Pineda was part of Mexico 's Olympic football team , which exited in the first round , having finished third in group A , below group winners Mali and South Korea .
Rap artist / record producer Don Cash was born April 6 , 1978 , in Brampton , Ontario , Canada , a suburb northwest of Toronto .
At age three , Khamis Gaddafi was injured in the 15 April 1986 U.S. bombing of Libya , suffering head injuries when the Bab al - Azizia military compound was attacked in retaliation for the 1986 Berlin discotheque bombing .
Lê Hiến Tông ( chữ Hán : 黎憲宗;1461 -- 1504 ) was the 6th monarch of Vietnam 's Lê dynasty reigning over Đại Việt from 1497 to 1504 .
John Woolfe ( 23 March 1932 - -14 June 1969 ) was a British racing driver from England , who specialised in sports car racing .
Currently , Freida and her sons reside in Baden - Baden Germany in the home that Aribert Heim shared with his family before he went into hiding .
Deva Raya II 's rule is the golden age in the history of South India and in particular , that of Karnataka .
Juha Varto ( born 27 June 1949 ) is a Finnish philosopher , considered the most important phenomenologist in Finland , known also for his prolific output on a variety of philosophical themes .
Xavier Marchand ( born 4 August 1973 in Deauville ) is a former medley swimmer from France , who competed at two consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country , starting in 1996 in Atlanta , Georgia .
Franciszek Ksawery Lampi , also known as Franz Xaver Lampi ( 22 January 1782 -- 22 July 1852 ) , was a Polish Romantic painter born in Austria of ethnic Italian background .
Sebastián Rossi ( born February 12 , 1992 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is an Argentine slalom canoer .
Edgar Cyril Rushton ( 23 November 1922 -- 23 August 1992 ) was an Australian politician who was the Deputy Premier of Western Australia from 1982 to 1983 .
Syed Asif Quadri ( Urdu : سيد آصف قادرى ) ( born 19 November 1936 ) was a top seeded tennis player of India and outstanding sportsman .
Fu Tinggui ( Chinese : 符廷贵 ; born August 1944 ) is a general of the People 's Liberation Army of the People 's Republic of China .
Hikaru Ito ( 伊藤 光 , born April 23 , 1989 in Okazaki , Aichi ) is a Japanese professional baseball catcher for the Orix Buffaloes in Japan 's Nippon Professional Baseball .
Tim Hecker is an electronic musician and sound artist based in Los Angeles , USA and Montreal , Canada .
As a little girl , Anna Lundh used to sit glued in front of the television and long for being a contender in `` Survivor '' Sweden - ( known as `` Expedition Robinson '' ) .
Louis de Brézé , Seigneur d'Anet and Comte de Maulevrier ( died July 23 , 1531 ) was a French nobleman , the grandson of King Charles VII of France by his natural daughter with his mistress Agnès Sorel .
Muhammad Rizieq Shihab took some graduate program at International Islamic University Malaysia , but only for one year and went back to Indonesia before he could finished it .
Ted Albert joined the family music business , J. Albert & Son ( now Albert Music ) in the mid to late 1950s at a time when Rock and roll was emerging into the music mainstream in the United States , Australia and Europe .
Başak Şenova ( born 1970 ) is an art curator , writer and designer based in Istanbul , Turkey .
Christof Wandratsch ( born December 20 , 1966 ) is a long distance swimmer from Germany .
Anthony Perruzza ( born 1959 or 1960 ) is a politician in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Violeta Delgado ( born 17 October 1996 in Lima , Peru ) is a Peruvian volleyball player who plays as libero for the Peru national team .
Mukesh Batra is a homeopathy practitioner and the CEO of Dr. Batra 's Positive Health Clinic Pvt Ltd a chain of homeopathy clinics in India .
Leda Sanford , ( b. October 11 , 1933 , in Lucca , Italy ) , is an author , speaker , former publisher , and advertising director .
Ingrid Cronin - Knight ( born 6 October 1977 ) is a New Zealand women 's cricketer .
Marcel Locquin , born May 6 , 1922 in Lyon , France , died March 18 , 2009 , was a French mycologist .
Tasma Walton ( born 19 August 1973 in Geraldton , Western Australia ) is an Australian television and film actress .
Ludovik Jakova ( 1912 - 1988 ) was a former Albanian footballer and coach of Albania national football team for a short spell in 1949 - 1950 , where he led the team in 6 friendlies .
Eduard Tismănaru ( born 25 May 1987 in Oneşti , Romania ) is a Romanian footballer currently under contract for Romanian side FC Oţelul Galaţi , but on loan at Liga II side FCM Bacău .
Michel Saloff Coste ( born June 28 , 1955 ) is an artist and professor at the École des Hautes Études Commerciales , in the Executive Development department , and co - founder of the Club of Budapest France -- an international non - profit organisation dedicated to leading citizens into discussing complex global issues .
Nicholas Cleaver ( born 9 May 1975 ) is an Australian freestyle skier , who represented Australia in the Winter Olympics , in 1992 and 1994 .
Garcias de Cisneros ( 1455 - -1510 ) ( also Garcia de Cisneros ) was the abbot at the abbey of Montserrat in Spain .
Saidu Kargbo ( born 15 August 1982 ) is a boxer from Sierra Leone who competed at the 2008 Olympics .
Robert Tanielu ( born 19 June 1982 in Christchurch ) is a former New Zealand rugby league player .
Pam Burridge ( born 1965 ) is an Australian surfer , one of the pioneers of women 's surfing in Australia .
Sheikh Hassan al - Saffar ( Arabic : الشيخ حسن الصفار , born 1958 ) is a Shi'a scholar from Qatif , Saudi Arabia .
David Vélez ( born in 1973 in Bogotá , Colombia ) is a sound artist / composer .
Marco Büchel ( born 4 November 1971 in Walenstadt , Switzerland ) is a retired alpine ski racer from Liechtenstein .
Peter Hagström ( born April 4 , 1967 , in Grums , Sweden ) is a former professional Swedish ice hockey player .
Elisabete Matos ( September 1964 ) was born in Caldas das Taipas , Guimarães , Portugal and she began her first musical studies in at the Conservatório de Música Calouste Gulbenkian de Braga .
Kadri Göktulga ( 1904 -- 18 October 1973 ) was a Turkish football player who played for Fenerbahçe and the Turkey national football team .
Eugenia Cauduro ( Spanish pronunciation : ( euˈxenja kauˈðuɾo ) ) ( born Eugenia Cauduro Rodríguez on December 20 , 1967 in Mexico City , Distrito Federal ) is a Mexican actress and model .
Andri Steinn Guðjónsson is an Icelandic film editor born March 12 , 1979 in Reykjavík , Iceland .
Ingar Knudtsen is a Norwegian novelist and poet , who was born 23 December 1944 , in Smøla , Norway .
Keni'chiro Arai ( 新井 健一郎 ) ( born July 7 , 1972 in Nerima , Tokyo , Japan ) is a Japanese wrestler for Dragon Gate .
Oteng Oteng is an amateur boxer from Botswana who qualified for the 2012 Olympics .
Patricio Caxés , Caxesi , or Caxete , ( died 1612 ) was an Italian painter who primarily lived and worked in Spain .
Đoàn Việt Cường ( born January 1 , 1985 in Đồng Tháp ) is a Vietnamese Footballer who currently playing for Xuân Thành Sài Gòn in V - League and a member of Vietnam national football team .
Shyam Lal Meena ( born March 4 , 1965 in Banswara , Rajasthan , India ) is an archer from India .
After signing his first label deal to Shake 's Records , Bassive released to hit remixes made him a famous name in the UAE and France 's music scene .
Aslan Abashidze ( Georgian : ასლან აბაშიძე ) ( born in Batumi , July 20 , 1938 ) was the leader of the Ajarian Autonomous Republic in western Georgia from 1991 to May 5 , 2004 .
Nammalvar ( Tamil : Nammāḻvār ) is one of the twelve alwar saints of Tamil Nadu , India , who are known for their affiliation to the Vaishnava tradition of Hinduism .
Kostas Triantafyllopoulos ( also written as Kostas Triantafillopoulos ) ( Greek : Κώστας Τριανταφυλλόπουλος ) ( born 8 February 1956 in Athinaio , Arcadia , Greece ) is a Greek actor .
Udo Steiner ( born September 16 , 1939 in Bayreuth ) was a Judge at the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany from 1995 to 2007 .
Nicholas Buckland ( born 9 June 1989 ) is an English ice dancer who represents the United Kingdom .
On October 24 , 2012 Louise Fribo created the role of Christine Daaé in Love Never Dies at the Det Ny Teater in Denmark .
Stephnie de Ruyter is the leader of the New Zealand Democratic Party , a small left - wing New Zealand political party based upon Social Credit economics .
Laurent Fournier ( born 14 September 1964 , in Lyon , France ) is a former French footballer and manager .
Carla Werner is a singer and songwriter from New Zealand who began her music career at age 11 .
Li Xiuren ( Chinese : 李修仁 ) ( 1921 -- 1 February 2016 ) was a People 's Republic of China politician .
Blessed Marie - Clémentine Anuarite Nengapeta ( December 29 , 1939 -- December 1 , 1964 ) was a member of the Holy Family Sisters in Bafwabaka , Belgian Congo , respectively Republic of the Congo ( Leopoldville ) ( now the Democratic Republic of the Congo ) .
Xenia Fedorova ( born December 26 , 1980 ) is an international journalist , currently holding the position of the CEO of the full - service video news agency Ruptly , a member of the RT media family ( Russia Today ) .
Johan Björnsson Printz ( July 20 , 1592 -- May 3 , 1663 ) was governor from 1643 until 1653 of the Swedish colony of New Sweden on the Delaware River in North America .
Claudine Beccarie ( born 14 June 1945 in Créteil , Val - de - Marne , France ) was a French pornographic actress of the 1970s .
Rasmus Otto Mønsted ( 23 November 1838 - 4 September 1916 ) was an industrialist and margarine manufacturer from Denmark .
Zuhal Olcay ( Turkish pronunciation : ( zuˈhal olˈdʒaj ) ) ( née İşanç ) ( born 10 August 1957 in Üsküdar , Istanbul , Turkey ) is a famous Turkish actress and singer .
Jonathan Boston ( born 1957 ) is a New Zealand academic and Professor of Policy Studies at the Victoria University of Wellington School of Government .
Abraham Faure ( 29 August 1795 -- 28 March 1875 ) was a clergyman and author from Cape Colony , part of what later became South Africa .
Patrick de Napoli ( born 17 November 1975 in Baar ) is a footballer from Switzerland who is also of Italian descent .
Arturo J. Marcano Guevara , a native of Caracas , Venezuela , is an author on the topic of professional baseball in Latin America .
Konstantinos Kosmopoulos ( Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Κοσμόπουλος ; 1928 -- February 12 , 2011 ) was a Greek politician who served as the Mayor of Thessaloniki , Greece 's second largest city , from 1989 to 1999 .
Roh Ji - hoon was born on July 12 , 1990 in Incheon , South Korea , he is the younger sibling in his family and has an older sister , and he graduated from Seoul Physical Education High school .
Jasem Yaqoub Sultan Al - Besara ( born 25 October 1953 in Kuwait City ) is a former Kuwaiti footballer .
Ania Walwicz spent her childhood in Poland , coming to Australia in 1963 where she attended the Victorian College of the Arts ( VCA ) in Melbourne .
Krishnendu Narayan Choudhury is an All India Trinamool Congress politician , MLA from English Bazar and minister in the Council of Ministers of West Bengal .
Francis John Fox ( 20 September 1857 -- 27 February 1902 ) was a New Zealand soldier and farmer .
Kostas Kolomitrousis ( born 30 March 1964 in Greece ) is a former professional football player and currently the coach of the youth team of AE Larissa .
Born in Brazil , Deco received Portuguese citizenship in 2002 having completed five years of Portuguese residence , subsequently opting to play internationally for the Portugal national football team .
Maximilian C. Jehuda Ewert ( b. 1974 , Soltau , Germany ) is a composer and violinist .
Onofre R. Pagsanghan ( born June 12 , 1927 ) is a teacher and screenplay writer from the Ateneo de Manila High School , Philippines .
Rigan Machado ( born 2 July 1966 in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ) is an 8th degree red and black belt in Brazilian Jiu - Jitsu , earning his rank under Carlos Gracie Jr. He is a former Pan American Champion ( 1996 , 1997 weight and absolute ) and a veteran medalist of the ADCC .
Turlough O'Hare ( born July 16 , 1969 ) is a former international freestyle swimmer who competed in two Summer Olympics for Canada : in 1988 in Seoul and 1992 in Barcelona .
Nihal Chandran is an Indian footballer who plays as Centre Defender for Mumbai FC in India 's i - League .
Efraín Goldenberg Schreiber , or `` Efraím , '' served as Peru 's finance minister , foreign relations minister , and prime minister in the 1990s .
Alistair Browning is a New Zealand actor who played the role of Damrod , a soldier of Faramir 's Rangers , in Peter Jackson 's The Lord of the Rings :
Shaunaka Rishi Das , by way of an invitation to the International Colloquium of Christians and Jews , was introduced to the world of inter - religious dialogue , in 1985 , by the then Chief Rabbi of Ireland , Rabbi David Rosen .
Artur Ullrich ( born October 10 , 1957 in Berlin ) is a former football ( soccer ) player from East Germany .
François du Souhait ( between 1570 and 1580 -- 1617 , Nancy ) was a French language author ( translator , novelist , poet , satirist , moral philosopher ) of the late 16th and early 17th century from the Duchy of Lorraine ( at the time , a sovereign court with ties to France ) .
Hiroka Yaginuma trained under Mima Shimoda and Shinobu Kandori before her professional wrestling debut , and would later receive further training from Jose Luis Feliciano and El Hijo Del Gladiador when she began working for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre ( CMLL ) in Mexico .
Malam Bacai Sanhá ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈmalɐ̃ bɐˈkaj sɐˈɲa ) ) ( 5 May 1947 -- 9 January 2012 ) was a Guinea - Bissau politician who was President of Guinea - Bissau from 8 September 2009 to 9 January 2012 .
Louisa Bisby ( born 1 June 1979 ) is an Australian football ( soccer ) player , born in England , who last played for Melbourne Victory in the Australian W - League , and with the Matildas representing Australia .
Nicolau Coelho ( c.1460 - 1502 ) was presumably born in the Felgueiras region of Fafe in the district of Braga in northern Portugal , though others say in Guimarães , Braga , Portugal .
Edoardo Bennato ( born July 23 , 1946 , Naples , Campania , Italy ) is an Italian singer - songwriter .
Joshua Sridhar ( born 1974 in Chennai , India ) is an Indian film composer and music director .
Alisha Farrer ( born 19 October 1993 ) is an Australian born model and actress and previous Miss Australia title holder currently working in Bollywood films and television .
Laurent Chambon ( born Laurent Pascal Chambon Guéguen on 22 May 1972 in Châtenay - Malabry France ) is a French sociologist and politicologist living in Amsterdam since 1998 .
Brian Bansgrove was a New Zealand gaffer ( chief lighting technician for motion pictures ) best known for his work on The Lord of the Rings film trilogy .
Macropedius was born as Joris van Lanckvelt in Gemert ( Northern Brabant , the Netherlands ) in 1487 .
Clare Warwick is an Australia softball player from Canberra .
Per Arne Ferner ( born 1985 in Oslo , Norway ) is a Norwegian jazz guitarist , known from bands like Flux and Ferner / Juliusson Duo .
Eliseu dos Santos ( born 15 November 1976 ) is a Paralympic boccia player of Brazil .
Abraham Serfaty ( Arabic : أبراهام سرفاتي‎‎ ; 1926 -- 18 November 2010 ) was an internationally prominent Moroccan dissident , militant , and political activist , who was imprisoned for years by King Hassan II of Morocco , for his political actions in favor of democracy and developments regime , during the Years of Lead .
Jery Sandoval ( born 18 December 1986 , in Barranquilla , Colombia ) is an actress , model and singer .
Joseph Toronto ( born Giuseppe Taranto ) ( June 25 , 1818 -- July 6 , 1883 ) was the first Italian convert to the Latter Day Saint movement and was one of the first missionaries of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS Church ) in Italy .
Sardar Mir Balakh Sher Mazari ( Urdu : بلخ شیر مزاری‎ ) is the tumandar ( or chieftain ) and the paramount sardar of the Mazari tribe which is situated on the tristate area between Balochistan , Sindh and Punjab provinces of Pakistan .
Kenan Şimşek ( born 1968 in Ordu , Turkey ) was a Turkish Olympian wrestler competing in the 90 kg division of freestyle .
Wilfred St. Clair - Daniel CBE , is a politician and former Speaker of the House of Assembly of Saint Lucia .
David Alexander Brown was a geologist who played an important role in developing the study of Geology in Australia .
Sascha Paeth ( born 9 September 1970 in Wolfsburg , West Germany ) is a German guitarist , bassist , musical producer , and mixer known for working with heavy metal bands such as Avantasia , Edguy , Angra , Shaaman , Rhapsody of Fire , Kamelot , After Forever and Epica .
Katrine Camilleri ( born February 24 , 1970 ) is a Maltese , lawyer and Director of the Jesuit Refugee Service ( JRS ) Malta .
Alfred Gibson ( died 1874 ) was an Australian explorer who died in an 1874 expedition organised by Ernest Giles which sought to cross the deserts of Western Australia from east to west .
Albert Einstein was born in Ulm , in the Kingdom of Württemberg in the German Empire on 14 March 1879 .
Mamady Keïta ( surname sometimes also spelled Keita ; b. Balandougou , Siguiri Prefecture , Kankan Region , Guinea , August 1950 ) is a master drummer from the West African nation of Guinea .
Aroon Purie is an Indian businessman who is the founder - publisher and editor - in - chief of India Today and the chief executive of the India Today Group .
Christian Nephi Anderson was born in Christiania ( modern Oslo ) , Norway on 22 January 1865 .
Shane Endacott is a New Zealand rugby league coach and former player .
Michalis Karavasilis born 14 November 1975 in Mytilene , Greece ) is a Greek footballer .
Agostino Cardamone ( born December 1 , 1965 in Montoro Inferiore , Italy ) is a former Italian pro boxer best known to win the European title at middleweight .
Pelle Hvenegaard ( born 29 August 1975 in Copenhagen , Denmark ) is a Danish actor and writer , best known for his role in the award - winning film Pelle the Conqueror .
Ulf Lundell ( born 20 November 1949 in Södermalm , Stockholm , Sweden , full name Ulf Gerhard Lundell ) is a Swedish writer , poet , songwriter , composer , musician and artist .
Ans Westra , CNZM ( born 28 April 1936 in Leiden ) is a self - taught New Zealand photographer , with an interest in Māori .
Gilles Grondin ( 3 February 1943 -- 18 July 2005 ) was an educator and a politician from Quebec , Canada .
Adam Macrow ( born 23 November 1978 , in Victoria ) is a professional race car driver now living in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
István Nikolits ( born 24 June 1946 ) is a Hungarian politician , who served as Minister of Civilian Intelligence Services of Hungary between 1995 and 1998 .
Dorothy Lidstone ( born Dorothy Wagar , 2 November 1938 in Wetaskiwin , Alberta , Canada ) is a former World Champion archer who represented Canada .
Viliam Široký ( 31 May 1902 -- 6 October 1971 ) was a prominent Communist politician of Czechoslovakia , the Prime Minister from 1953 to 1963 , and briefly serving as the acting President of Czechoslovakia following the death of Antonín Zápotocký from 13 November to 19 November 1957 .
N. Vittal ( born 31 January 1938 ) , belonging to the Indian Administrative Service 1960 batch , is one of the eminent public servants of India , who has held important positions in the Government of India , most prominent of which was that of the Central Vigilance Commissioner .
Carl Peter Stoltenberg was born in Våle ( now Re ) in Vestfold , Norway .
Paulo Maló was born in Portuguese Angola ( an overseas territory of Portugal until 1975 ) and moved to mainland Portugal in the 1960s in order to study dental medicine in Lisbon .
Manfred Dikkers ( born August 31 , 1971 in Didam ) is a drummer from the Netherlands .
Jean - Philippe Stassen ( born 14 March 1966 in Liège , Belgium ) is a Belgian comics creator best known for Deogratias , A Tale of Rwanda .
Mwezé Ngangura ( born 7 October 1950 ) is a film director from the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( DRC ) .
Emily Sadka ( c1919 - -1968 ) was a historian and researcher specialising in the Political History of the Malayan region and taught this at the University of Malaya ( Singapore ) and in Australian Universities .
Joseph William Hadley ( November 25 , 1819 -- November 24 , 1898 ) was a merchant , ship 's captain and political figure in Nova Scotia , Canada .
Baron Karl Eduard von Liphart or Carl Eduard von Liphart ( 16 May 1808 -- 15 February 1891 ) was a noted art expert and collector from Estonia .
Corky Evans ( born January 2 , 1948 in Berkeley , California , U.S.A. ) is a former prominent provincial politician in British Columbia , Canada .
Sudip Roy Barman is an Indian politician of Tripura , a state North - East India .
Blaise Diesbourg , born in 1897 , was also known as `` King Canada , '' and was a major figure in the liquor smuggling and bootlegging business around Windsor , Ontario during the American prohibition period .
Karim Aïnouz ( born 17 January 1966 , Fortaleza , Ceará , Brazil ) is a film director and visual artist .
John Pål Inderberg ( born 6 August 1950 Steinkjer , Norway ) is a versatile saxophonist with a natural spontaneity of expression and one of the leading traditional musicians in Norway .
Hamed Rasouli was a member of Iran national under-20 football team at the 2004 AFC Youth Championship
William Charles Nation ( 1840 - -1930 ) was a New Zealand printer , journalist , newspaper proprietor , spiritualist and tree planter .
Bibian Mentel - Spee ( born September 27 , 1972 ) is a Paralympic athlete from the Netherlands competing in snowboarding events .
Dick Lövgren ( born 11 November 1980 in Varberg , Sweden ) is the bassist for the Swedish experimental metal band Meshuggah .
Angelo Vier ( born April 23 , 1972 in East Berlin , East Germany ) is a retired German football player and current Player agent .
Born in the tiny village of Celles - sur - Plaine in the Vosges , France in 1862 , François - Edmond Fortier lived for several years in Saint - Louis , Senegal then moved to Dakar in 1900 .
Paweł Kryszałowicz ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈpavɛw krɨʂaˈwɔvitʂ ) ) ( born 23 June 1974 in Słupsk , Poland ) is a Polish footballer .
Fernanda Brandão Gonçalvez da Silva ( born 3 May 1983 in Belo Horizonte , Brazil ) is a Brazilian singer , dancer , recording artist and celebrity , based in Munich , Germany .
In 1796 , Carl Axel Gottlund was born in the Southern Finnish coastal town of Ruotsinpyhtää into the family of a Finnish clergyman Mattias Gottlund , one of the most outstanding representatives of Enlightenment ideas in Finland .
Shervon Jack ( born 6 November 1986 ) is a Saint Lucian international football player who plays as a defender for Northern United All Stars in the Saint Lucia Gold Division .
Pierre David Guetta was born in Paris , France in 1967 , to a Moroccan Jewish father and a mother of Belgian descent .
Daniel Núñez ( born 12 September 1958 in Santiago de Cuba ) is a Cuban weightlifter .
Martin Rosengaard ( b. Martin Rosengaard Knudsen in 1979 in Helsingør , Denmark ) is a Danish artist , novelist and the co - founder ( along with Sixten Kai Nielsen and Russell Ratshin ) of the art collective Wooloo .
Tom Clifford is a former municipal politician in the City of Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Ieva Lagūna ( born June 6 , 1990 in Saldus , Latvia ) is a Latvian model .
Paola Severino ( born 22 October 1948 ) was Italy 's minister of justice in the Monti cabinet from November 2011 to April 2013 .
Sun Bu'er ( Sun Pu - erh , Chinese : 孫不二 ) , one of the Taoist Seven Masters of Quanzhen , lived c. 1119 - -1182 C.E. in the Shandong province of China .
June Westbury ( born July 26 , 1921 , in Hamilton , New Zealand , died February 11 , 2004 ) was a politician in Manitoba , Canada .
Aghvan Hovsepyan ( Armenian : Աղվան Հովսեփյան ; born January 7 , 1953 ) has been the Prosecutor General of Armenia since 2004 .
Born in The Hague , The Netherlands , Bojoura was discovered by George Kooymans of the rock band Golden Earring , who went on to write and produce many of her songs .
Lovemore Moyo ( born 29 January 1965 ) is a Zimbabwean politician who was Speaker of the House of Assembly of Zimbabwe from 2008 to 2013 .
Mohammed al - Ajami ( also known as `` Mohammed Ibn al - Dheeb '' ; Arabic : محمد بن الذيب العجمي‎ ; born in Qatar ) , is a Qatari poet arrested in 2011 on state security charges .
Anna Cyzon ( born Anna Czyszczoń in Kraków , Poland ) , is a Polish Canadian recording artist , actress , former Canadian MTV / etalk personality and co - host of the Todd Shapiro show on Sirius Satellite Radio .
Atareta Kawana Ropiha Mere Rikiriki ( 1855 - -1926 ) was a New Zealand prophet .
Gyula Horn ( 5 July 1932 -- 19 June 2013 ) was a Hungarian politician who served as the third Prime Minister of the Republic of Hungary from 1994 to 1998 .
Robert Nettleton Field ( 3 March 1899 - -18 February 1987 ) was a New Zealand artist , sculptor , potter and art teacher .
He was the son of Francisco Carmelo Camet , a fencer at the 1900 Summer Olympics who is sometimes considered to be Argentina 's first participant at the Olympics .
Amun Abdullahi grew up in Somalia and came in the 1990s to Sweden as a refugee .
Oleksandr Kuzmuk ( Ukrainian : Олекса́ндр Іва́нович Кузьму́к ) is a Ukrainian politician , member of the Party of Regions , in past the Minister of Defense of Ukraine , General of the Army of Ukraine ( 1998 ) .
Leon Kuhn ( 1954 -- 2013 ) was an anti - war political cartoonist who created topical parodies in the United Kingdom and was listed as an initial supporter of Artists against the War .
Lee Eun ( born July 10 , 1961 ) is a director and producer of films in South Korea .
John Lykoudis ( 1910 in Missolonghi -- 1980 ) was a general practitioner in Greece who treated patients suffering from peptic ulcer disease with antibiotics long before it was commonly recognized that bacteria were a dominant cause for the disease .
Samuel Henry Drew ( 17 November 1844 -- 18 December 1901 ) was a New Zealand jeweller , watchmaker , and amateur naturalist .
Bahram bey Nabibekov ( Azerbaijani : Bəhram bəy Nəbibəyov , Russian : Бахрам-бек Набибеков ; December 6 , 1884 - July 1930 ) was an Azerbaijani colonel in the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic army and one of the leaders of Sheki uprising in 1930 .
Alphonsus Martinus Maria Orie better known as Alphons Orie ( born 23 November 1947 in Groningen , Netherlands ) is a Dutch former lawyer specialising in criminal law and is now one of the thirty - two judges at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia ( ICTY ) in The Hague .
Richard Arnst or Dick Arnst ( 28 November 1883 -- 7 December 1953 ) , born Jacob Diedrich Arnst , was a New Zealand rower , six times Single Sculls World Champion during the early part of the 20th century .
Giovanni Martino Spanzotti ( c. 1455 -- c. 1528 ; also known as Gian Martino Spanzotti ) was an Italian painter active in Lombardy and northern Italy .
Niko Peleshi ( born 11 November 1970 in Korçë ) is an Albanian politician who became the Deputy Prime Minister of Albania in September 2013 .
Raisul Islam Asad ( born Asaduzzaman Mohammad Raisul Islam in Dhaka , Bangladesh ) is a Bangladeshi actor who has won several national awards for performing in all four media of radio , theatre , television and film .
Sheikh Mazhar Hussain ( born 25 October 1967 in Lahore , Punjab , Pakistan ) is a former cricketer who played for various Lahore teams from 1984 - -85 to 1988 - -89 before emigrating to the United Arab Emirates .
Born in Tel Aviv in 1951 , Avi Beker served in the Israel Defense Forces and rose to the rank of captain .
Liisa Suihkonen ( born 27 July 1943 in Suonenjoki , Northern Savonia ) is a former cross - country skier from Finland who competed during the 1970s .
Aperahama Taonui ( died 23 September 1882 ) was a New Zealand tribal leader , prophet , historian , teacher and assessor .
Jordy Smith won both the 2010 and 2011 Billabong J - Bay competitions in South Africa , which is part of the WCT Dream Tour , making him the no . 1 ranked surfer in the world .
Margalit Matitiahu ( Hebrew : מרגלית מתתיהו , born 1935 in Tel Aviv ) is a poet in Ladino and Hebrew from Israel .
Noel Callahan ( born July 25 , 1989 in White Rock , British Columbia , Canada ) is a Canadian actor who is best known for his role as Louis Testaverde - Miller on the hit Nickelodeon show Romeo !
Perch Zeytuntsyan ( Armenian : Պերճ Արմենակի Զեյթունցյան , born July 18 , 1938 ) is an Armenian playwright and screenwriter who served as Minister of Culture of Armenia from 1990 to 1991 .
Ivan Močinić ( born 30 April 1993 ) is a Croatian football player currently playing for and captaining HNK Rijeka in Croatia 's Prva HNL .
Fulrad is viewed as the figure that truly helped develop the growing kingdom of Francia .
C. S. Sujatha ( born 28 May 1965 ) was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India .
Ebrahim Sadeghi ( Persian : ابراهیم صادقی‎‎ , born February 4 , 1979 in Karaj , Iran ) is an Iranian footballer who plays for Saipa in the Persian Gulf Pro League as the Captain .
In an unusual move , state media appended her husband 's surname in front of her own ( rendering her name as Bo Gu Kailai ) , extremely unusual for married women in People 's Republic of China , without any explanation .
Blade Thomson ( born 4 December 1990 ) is a New Zealand rugby union player who plays as a lock or loose forward for Taranaki in the ITM Cup and for the Super Rugby franchise the Hurricanes .
Paras Khadka ( Nepali : पारस खड्का ) ( born 24 October 1987 ) is a Nepali cricketer , and the current captain of the Nepal national cricket team .
Felix Mitelman ( born August 26 , 1940 ) is a Swedish geneticist and is Professor of Clinical Genetics in Lund , Sweden .
Raj Singh Dungarpur ( 19 December 1935 -- 12 September 2009 ) was a former president of Board of Control for Cricket in India .
Fouad Laroui ( 1958 - ) is a Moroccan economist and writer , born in Oujda , Morocco .
Sam Gallaway ( born 16 March 1992 in Coffs Harbour , Australia ) is an Australian football ( soccer ) player .
Germain Prégent is a retired politician and entrepreneur in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Manuel Solís Palma ( December 3 , 1917 , in Los Santos Province -- November 6 , 2009 ) was the acting president of Panama from February 26 , 1988 to September 1 , 1989 , under the military rule of Manuel Noriega .
Akmal Ikramovich Ikramov ( 1898 - -1937 ) was an Uzbek politician active in Uzbek SSR politics and served as the First Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Uzbekistan between 1929 and 1937 .
Grigorijs Ņemcovs ( Russian : Григорий Владимирович Немцов , Grigory Nemtsov , born 11 December 1948 , Babruysk , Soviet Union ( today Belarus ) died 16 April 2010 , Daugavpils , Latvia ) was a Latvian journalist , businessman and politician ( deputy mayor of Daugavpils ) .
Keiko Masuda ( 増田 恵子 Masuda Keiko , born September 2 , 1957 in Shizuoka , Japan ) is a Japanese pop singer and actress .
Harmon Harmon ( born May 15 , 1980 ) is a sprint athlete , who competes for the Cook Islands .
Horgh ( 7 May 1971 , born Reidar Horghagen in Bergen , Norway ) is a Norwegian drummer , currently playing for Swedish death metal band Hypocrisy .
Carlo Di Palma moved from Italy to the United States in 1983 .
On 22 May 1981 Canada Post issued ' Marc - Aurèle Fortin ' designed by Pierre Fontaine in the Canadian Art series .
Farah Siraj is a Jordanian virtuoso vocalist named as Jordan 's `` Musical Ambassadress '' , has a career that spans the United States , Europe and the Middle East .
Dr. Sapam Budhichandra Singh was born in Konthoujam Awang Leikai in Imphal West District of Manipur , India to Sapam Mani Singh and the late Sapam Ongbi Konthoujam Angoubi Devi .
Damiano Binetti was born in Italy , where he studied at the Music Conservatory Niccolò Piccinni in Bari and graduated with honours .
Mingyi Nyo ( Burmese : မင်းကြီးညို ; also spelled Mingyinyo or Minkyinyo ; pronounced : ( mɪ́ɴdʑíɲò ) ; 1459 - -1530 ) was the founder of Toungoo dynasty of Burma ( Myanmar ) .
Blas Videla is today best known as the great - great - grandfather of Jorge Rafael Videla , the dictator of Argentina between 1976 and 1981 .
Bacchelli was unable to further capitalise on his Eurovision appearance and he did not release new records in Spain .
Faiyaz Khan died on 5 November 1950 at Baroda , Gujrat in India .
James Wah - Shee ( born 1945 ) is Tłı̨chǫ elder and a former territorial level politician from Northwest Territories , Canada .
David Wallumrød ( born 2 October 1977 in Kongsberg , Norway ) is a Norwegian pianist , known from cooperations with artists such as Knut Reiersrud , Torun Eriksen , Jarle Bernhoft , Marit Larsen , Maria Solheim , Vidar Busk , Bigbang , Maria Mena , Thomas Dybdahl and Bjørn Eidsvåg .
Alexandre Promio originates for an Italian family that moved to France and resided in Lyon .
Peter Fill ( born 12 November 1982 ) is a World Cup alpine ski racer from Brixen , South Tyrol , Italy .
Peter Dodds McCormick ( 1834 ? -- 30 October 1916 ) , a Scottish - born schoolteacher , was the composer of the Australian national anthem `` Advance Australia Fair '' .
Wayne Gould ( 高樂德法官 ) ( born 3 July 1945 in Hawera , New Zealand ) is a retired Hong Kong judge , most recently known for helping to popularise sudoku puzzles in the United Kingdom , and thereafter in the United States .
Rudolf Breitscheid , ( November 2 , 1874 -- August 28 , 1944 ) was a leading member of the Social Democratic Party and a delegate to the Reichstag during the era of the Weimar Republic in Germany .
Canada Post , as part of its `` Canada in Hollywood '' series , issued a postage stamp on June 30 , 2008 to honour Marie Dressler .
Tuuli Pauliina Räsänen ( born 23 November 1978 in Tampere ) is a circus performer and actress from Finland .
Uwe Kröger ( German pronunciation : ( ˈuːvə ˈkʁøːɡɐ ) ; born in Hamm , Germany , December 4 , 1964 ) is a musical star in the German - speaking countries of the world .
Avichai Rontzki ( Hebrew : אביחי רונצקי‎ ) , born October 10 , 1951 , is the former Chief Military Rabbi of the Israel Defense Forces .
Narej Karpkraikaew ( Thai : นะเรศ กาพย์ไกรแก้ว , born September 1 , 1983 ) is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Michael Galea ( born 1 February 1979 in Malta ) is a retired Maltese footballer player who started playing for Maltese First Division side Melita and enjoyed most of his career with Birkirkara where he played as a striker .
Michael Feiner born in Gothenburg , Sweden in 1971 , is a musician , songwriter , music producer , multi - instrumentalist and DJ . He is member of the Swedish house band duo The Attic formed in 2003 alongside his childhood friend Eric Amarillo .
Dashi Namdakov was born in the Buryat village of Ukurik , Chita Region of Russia , on 16 February 1967 .
Cătălin Dedu ( born in Braşov , Romania ) is a Romanian football player , playing for Corona Brașov .
Ivan Morales Jr. studied Audiovisual Media in his homeland Brazil .
Yousif Jaber ( born February 25 , 1985 ) is a footballer from the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) .
Clementino Ocampos ( November 14 , 1913 in San Lorenzo , Paraguay -- January 4 , 2001 ) was a Paraguayan composer and poet .
Guy de Muyser , born 20 June 1926 at Wiltz , Marshal of the Honorary Court of the Grand Duke of Luxembourg , Honorary Ambassador , made his university studies in law ( PhD ) and economy in France , Britain and the United States .
Christian Bök ( born August 10 , 1966 in Toronto , Canada ) is an experimental Canadian poet .
Wilfred Olabode Olajumoke ( Bode Olajumoke ) is a Nigerian politician who has been a member of the Senate of Nigeria for Ondo State since 2007 .
Peter Mellars is a New Zealand former rugby league player and administrator who represented his country .
Hans Rausing and his wife Märit have donated large sums to charities and research in the UK and Sweden , among others to large medical research projects at Karolinska Institutet and Lund University .
Dewald Louw ( born 18 June 1986 in Bloemfontein ) is the winner of the first season of The Afrikaans KykNET Idols in South Africa .
Peerapat Notchaiya played for Thailand U19 , and played in the 2012 AFC U-19 Championship qualification .
Ursula Karusseit ( born 2 August 1939 in Elbing , Germany , now Poland ) is a German actress .
Paul Matete is a New Zealand former rugby league player and coach who represented his country in the 1975 World Cup .
Iman Mersal ( إيمان مرسال ) ( born November 30 , 1966 Mit ' Adlan , Egypt ) is an Egyptian poet .
Sarah Ann Elsom ( 26 March 1867 - -17 November 1962 ) was a New Zealand florist .
Eli Goldschmidt ( Hebrew : אלי גולדשמידט‎‎ , born 17 October 1953 ) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for One Israel and the Labor Party between 1992 and 2001 .
John Weisenberger was the acting attorney general of Guam from 2010 to 2011 .
Prior to his public self - outing , Bisi Alimi began his advocacy career in the late 1990s in Nigeria when a number of his friends died from HIV / AIDS .
Günther Kohlmey ( 27 July 1913 -- 25 December 1999 ) was one of the leading economists in East Germany .
Lertchai Issarasuwipakorn ( Thai เลิศชาย อิสราสุวิกร ) , 1982 in Khon Kaen , Thailand ) is a Thai futsal Defender , and currently a member of Thailand national futsal team .
Gordon McGhie is a music composer who resides in Kelowna , British Columbia , Canada .
Francis Middleton Milne ( 11 December 1891 -- 9 January 1933 ) was a notable New Zealand mountaineer and guide .
Christian Kulik ( born 6 December 1952 in Zabrze , Silesia , Poland ) is a retired German football player of Polish origin .
Kampol Pathom - attakul ( Thai : กัมพล ปฐมอรรฆย์กุล , born July 27 , 1992 ) , simply known as Ice ( Thai : ไอซ์ ) , is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Skippy Hamahona ( born Marama Cecelia McGregor on 1 January 1975 ) is a former field hockey player from New Zealand .
Lorenzo Richelmy ( born 25 March 1990 ) is an Italian actor , best known to audiences outside of Italy for his performance as the titular character in the Netflix original series Marco Polo .
Johannes Heisig ( born 23 April 1953 in Leipzig , East Germany ) is a German painter and graphic artist .
Esdalin Gorani ( born in Kavajë ) is a well - known Albanian stage dancer / choreographer who performs for Albania 's largest national broadcaster , Top Channel .
Tao Ching - Ying,(Chinese : 陶晶莹 ; pinyin : Táo Jīngyíng ; also known as Matilda Tao ) is a singer and top television hostess in Taiwan .
Felicia Mercado ( born Felicia Mercado Agud on December 17 , 1959 in Tijuana , Baja California , Mexico ) is a Mexican actress , singer and TV hostess , best known for her appearances in telenovelas .
Katarina Kuini Whare - rau - aruhe Te Tau BEM ( née Ellison , 29 December 1899 -- 8 March 1998 ) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader , welfare worker and community leader .
Lazar Marković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Лазар Марковић ; born 2 March 1994 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Turkish club Fenerbahçe , on loan from English club Liverpool , and the Serbia national team .
Walter William Massey ( 1882 -- 8 November 1959 ) was a New Zealand politician of the Reform Party .
Orna Barbivai ( Hebrew : אורנה ברביבאי‎ ; born September 5 , 1962 ) is a Major General in the Israel Defense Forces and the former head of its Manpower Directorate .
She is Lebanese Armenian , Nourhanne was born to an ethnic Armenian family from Lebanon .
Justin Savi ( born 30 October 1984 ) , is a professional boxer from Benin who goes by the nickname of `` Le Malin '' ( The Bad Guy ) .
Ihalakkankanamalage Mahinda Ratnatilaka ( also Ihalakkankanamalage Mahinda Rathnathilake ) is a Sri Lankan politician and a former member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka .
Erik Adolf von Willebrand ( /ˌfʌnˈvɪlɨbrɑːnt/ ) ( born 1 February 1870 in Vaasa -- died 12 December 1949 in Pernaja ) was an internist from Finland .
Anna Christensen ( 1936 - 2001 ) was a Professor of Private Law at the Faculty of Law at Lund University , Sweden and a columnist in the Swedish newspaper Dagens Nyheter .
Lucy Christopher is a British / Australian author best known for her novel Stolen , which won the Branford Boase award 2010 in the UK , and the 2010 Gold Inky in Australia .
Rachid Chouhal ( born February 14 , 1975 in Meknès , Morocco ) is a Moroccan - born athlete representing Malta internationally who competes in the long jump and sprinting events .
Rudolf Matz ( Austro - Hungarian Empire , Kingdom of Croatia - Slavonia , Zagreb , 1901 -- Zagreb , 1988 ) , an important figure in the musical life of Zagreb in the 20th century , was a composer , cellist , teacher , conductor and choir master .
Stenkil ( Old Norse : Steinkell ) was a King of Sweden who ruled c. 1060 until 1066 .
Zayd Abu Zayd ( ابو زيد , c. 1195 -- 1265/1270 ) was the last Almohad governor of Valencia , Spain .
Bimal Gurung ( Nepali : विमल गुरुङ ) is the leader of Gorkha Janmukti Morcha ( GJM ) , a party that is demanding the formation of a Gorkhaland state within West Bengal in India .
Ashok Ramchandra Kelkar ( 1929 - 2014 ) was a linguist and critical Marathi writer from Maharashtra , India .
Aimee - Ffion Edwards ( born November 21 , 1987 ) is a Welsh actress from Newport , Wales .
Anne Marie Hoogland ( born 1967 in Zaandam ) is a Dutch politician from Amsterdam , the Netherlands .
Mahmoud Fekri Juybari ( born July 26 , 1969 in Juybar , Iran ) is a former Iranian football player who is currently assistant coach of Esteghlal .
Mohamed Diab Al - Attar ( Arabic : محمد دياب العطار , born Alexandria , November 17 , 1927 ) , known as Ad - Diba , is a former footballer who played for the Egypt national football team .
José Gómez Ortega was born on 8 May 1895 in Huerta de El Algarrobo , Gelves ( Andalusia , Spain ) to Fernando Gómez García ( 1847 -- 1897 ) , a bullfighter , and Gabriela Ortega Feria ( 1862 -- 1919 ) , a flamenco singer .
Zaw Zaw ( Burmese : ဇော်ဇော် ) is a Burmese business tycoon and chairman of Max Myanmar Group of Companies , a major conglomerate with interests in the timber , gems , construction , mechanical engineering , transportation , hotel and tourism , rubber plantations and banking industries .
Kaspar Albrecht grew up in a large family in Rehmen , Austria in rather poor conditions in Bregenzerwald .
Adam Skórnicki ( born 22 October 1976 in Wolsztyn , Poland ) is a Polish motorcycle speedway rider who was the 2008 Individual Polish Champion and a former Polish Under-21 international .
Hacken Lee Hak - kan ( Chinese : 李克勤 ; pinyin : Lǐ Kèqín ; Cantonese Yale : lei5 hak1 kan4 ; born 6 December 1967 ) is a Hong Kong singer , actor , television host , and association football sportscaster .
Otto Solymosi ( born February 20 , 1927 in Budapest , Hungary ) is a director of Magyar Rádió ( MR ) .
Bekir Karayel ( born May 10 , 1982 in Sungurlu , Çorum Province , Turkey ) is a Turkish middle and long - distance runner , who later specialized in marathon .
Professor Amitabh Mattoo ( Urdu , امیتابھ مٹو ) ( born 26 June 1962 in Srinagar ) is one of India 's leading thinkers and writers on international relations .
Concurrently with his studies and teaching the harpsichord and the clavichord , Patrick Montan has appeared in several European countries ( France , Germany , Austria , Holland , Britain , Switzerland etc . ) mostly as a soloist , but also as a continuo player of chamber music .
Shanmugam Venkatesh ( born 21 November 1978 ) is an Indian former professional footballer and currently , the assistant manager of India .
Thomas Barnes Gough ( 1760 -- April , 1815 ) was an Irish - born merchant and political figure in Upper Canada .
Yang Xianrong ( 羊獻容 ) ( died 322 ) , formally ( as honored by Han Zhao ) Empress Xianwen ( 獻文皇后 , literally `` the wise and civil empress '' ) was an empress -- uniquely in the history of China , for two different empires and two different emperors .
Catalina Lercaro ( Catherine Lercaro ) , 16th century , was an Italian - Canarian woman of the Lercaro family , renowned in the city of San Cristóbal de La Laguna ( Tenerife , Canary Islands , Spain ) .
Dr. Georgiy Ginovker ( Russian : Георгий Гиновкер ) was born in St. Petersburg , Russia .
Christina Rost ( maiden name Christina Mäbert ; born August 14 , 1952 in Chemnitz , East Germany ) is a German former women 's team handball player .
Hikawera Te Kurapa ( 1907 - -1985 ) was a notable New Zealand tribal tohunga , horse - breaker , farmer and ringatu leader .
Gerd Gradwohl ( born January 16 , 1960 in Kempten ) is a visually impaired alpine skier from Germany .
Aleksandar Bundalo ( born September 28 , 1989 in Sremska Mitrovica , Serbia ) is a bobsledder from Serbia .
Chua Sian Chin ( Chinese : 蔡善进 , November 26 , 1933 -- February 26 , 2014 ) was a government Minister in Singapore .
Tom Kummer ( born January 14 , 1963 ) is a Swiss journalist who published numerous fabricated celebrity profiles in Germany and Switzerland .
Courtney Nedwill ( 14 August 1837 -- 10 April 1920 ) was a New Zealand doctor and public health officer .
Misdongarde Betolngar ( born November 26 , 1985 in N'Djamena , Chad ) is a football player from Chad .
Nataly Rivera best known as Naëla ( born July 17 , 1990 , Bogota , Colombia ) , is a Colombian singer , author and songwriter .
Manuel Lajo Lazo ( born 12 April 1949 ) is a Peruvian politician who served as a Member of the Congress of the Republic of Peru from 1995 to 2000 .
Makereti Papakura ( 1873 - -1930 ) was a New Zealand woman of mana , guide and ethnographer .
Mikhail Botvinov ( born November 17 , 1967 in Lidinka , Russia ) is a Russian - born Austrian cross country skier who competed from 1990 to 2007 for both Russia and Austria .
Viviane Reding ( born 27 April 1951 in Esch - sur - Alzette ) is a Luxembourg politician , currently serving as Member of the European Parliament .
Max Laudadio ( born Massimiliano Laudadio in Pistoia , Italy , 30 August 1971 ) is an Italian television presenter , actor and radio host , known as a correspondent for the program Striscia la Notizia on Canale 5 .
Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla II , released in the UK as Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla 1993 and released in Japan as Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla ( ゴジラvsメカゴジラ Gojira tai Mekagojira ) , is a 1993 Japanese science fiction kaiju film directed by Takao Okawara .
Pugwall series 1 , a 2 disc set has been released on PAL Region 4 DVD in Australia while Pugwall series 2 , Pugwalls Summer was released on DVD some time later .
Indradhanura Chhai is a 1993 Indian Oriya film directed by Susant Misra , This film reflects the traditional structures of social and family life of a small town in India are growing strongly affected by the progressive urbanization of the country .
Dyosa ( lit . Goddess ) is a fantasy series ( fantaserye ) that is aired in Philippines by broadcaster ABS - CBN and starred by Anne Curtis , Sam Milby , Zanjoe Marudo and Luis Manzano and was directed by Wenn Deramas .
Carabao Daeng ( meaning `` red buffalo '' ) is a Thai energy drink launched in 2002 by Carabao Tawandang Co Ltd. It is now Thailand 's second most popular energy drink .
Vicky & Johnny ( Hangul : 비키와 조니 ; RR : Bikiwa Joni ) is a South Korean - Spanish animated shorts produced by Tuba Entertainment in South Korea and BRB Internacional , Screen 21 and Televisió de Catalunya in Spain .
Passoã is a passion fruit liqueur made in France , with mango being one of the ingredients .
Ġbejna ( Maltese pronunciation : ( ˈd͡ʒbɛjnɐ ) , plural ġbejniet ) is a small round cheese made in Malta ( commonly associated with the island of Gozo ) from sheep milk or goat milk , salt and rennet .
Warclouds in the Pacific is a 1941 Canadian short documentary film , part of the Canada Carries On series of short films by the National Film Board of Canada .
Holiday Showdown was a BAFTA - nominated and Royal Television Society Award - winning reality television programme , produced by Chris Kelly for the United Kingdom independent TV production company RDF Media .
Edegarike was a crime novel written by journalist Agni Shridhar in the early 2000s about the India Mafia circling around Mumbai and Bangalore headed a mafia leader from Dubai .
Dragon Fist ( simplified Chinese : 龙拳 ; traditional Chinese : 龍拳 ) is a 1979 Hong Kong martial arts film directed and produced by Lo Wei , starring Jackie Chan , Nora Miao and James Tien .
Nadia Khan Show is a talk show on Pakistan 's Geo Entertainment , started in 2006 and hosted by presenter and producer Nadia Khan .
Megher Onek Rong ( Bengali : মেঘের অনেক রঙ ) is a Bangladeshi Bengali film directed by Harunur Rashid based on Bangladesh Liberation war .
Although HSV-7 was likely making at least some use of kinescope recording by 1957 ( it being the method used to record live television prior to the introduction of video - tape to Australia ) , it is not known if any such recordings of exist of Swallows Parade or Stairway to the Stars .
The company 's retail network that operates under the `` Rompetrol '' brand incorporates over 1,100 fuel distribution points in Romania , Georgia , Bulgaria , Moldova , in France and Spain , where the company operates also under Dyneff brand .
Mon oncle Antoine ( French pronunciation : ​(mɔ̃ nɔ̃kl ɑ̃twan ) ) is a 1971 National Film Board of Canada ( Office national du film du Canada ) French language drama film .
One Night Genius ( Thai : อัจฉริยะข้ามคืน ) is the first Thailand reality quiz show , on Thai TV Channel 3 .
Fallujah , The Hidden Massacre is a documentary film by Sigfrido Ranucci and Maurizio Torrealta which first aired on Italy 's RAI state television network on November 8 , 2005 .
A few ex - military MAN KAT1 vehicles are released onto the second - hand market in Germany .
As the Cookie Crumbles is a web - based soap opera produced by Kraft Canada .
Melodifestivalen 2013 was the twelfth consecutive year in which the competition took place in different cities across Sweden .
Tartiflette ( French pronunciation : ​(taʁtiˈflɛt ) ) is a French dish from the Savoie and Haute Savoie region of France .
Les Invincibles is a comedy / drama television series from Radio - Canada produced by Casablanca Productions and Alliance Atlantis Vivafilm .
It takes its title from the Robert Dwyer Joyce song `` The Wind That Shakes the Barley '' a song set during the 1798 rebellion in Ireland and featured early in the film .
Needing You ... is a 2000 Hong Kong romantic comedy film , produced and directed by Johnnie To and Wai Ka - fai , starring Andy Lau and Sammi Cheng .
The movie East / West is a fictional film spoken French and Russian , about a man named Alexei , who flees Russia during World War 2 and goes to France .
Carambar is a chewy caramel candy from France .
Designer Superstar Challenge also known simply as Superstar Challenge is a show hosted by Karen Bertelsen on HGTV Canada that has had four seasons .
Witness to a Prosecution is a Hong Kong television series produced by TVB .
Toto the Hero ( French : Toto le Héros ) is a 1991 Belgian film ( co - produced with France and Germany ) by Belgian film director and screenwriter Jaco Van Dormael .
Buckwheat gateau or Buckwheat torte ( German : Buchweizentorte ) is a dessert that is a speciality of the Lüneburg Heath region of Lower Saxony in northern Germany .
I Am Kalam released in India screens on 5 August 2011 .
Children in Need 2009 was a campaign held in the United Kingdom to raise money for Children in Need .
On May 25 , 2010 , Russia 's media published a Russian Defence Ministry statement that the AK-12 rifle was to be tested in 2011 .
Crush and Blush premiered at the 13th Pusan International Film Festival , and went on general release in South Korea on October 16 , 2010 .
Magic Kitchen is a 2004 Hong Kong romantic comedy film directed by Lee Chi - ngai and starring Andy Lau , Sammi Cheng and Jerry Yan .
Bare Behind Bars ( released in Brazil as A Prisão ) is a 1980 sexploitation film directed and written by Oswaldo de Oliveira . , The film , which was intended as a spoof of the common `` women in prison '' genre , stars Maria Stella Splendore , Marta Anderson and Danielle Ferrite .
You Are on Indian Land is a 1969 documentary film about the confrontation between police and Mohawk of the St. Regis Reservation on a bridge between Canada and the United States , which stands on Mohawk land near Cornwall , Ontario .
Riches and Stitches is a Hong Kong period drama produced by TVB starring Moses Chan , Kwong Wah , Anne Heung , Gigi Lai , and Melissa Ng .
Outback House was set in 1861 Outback Australia , on a sheep station called Oxley Downs in New South Wales .
CityNews ( corporately styled CityNews ) is the title of news and current affairs programming on the City television network in Canada .
Räfven is a gypsy punk band from Sweden , performing original music influenced by Eastern European folk music and the klezmer tradition .
Amalgamated Pictures was a film exchange company in Australia .
The M80 Zolja ( English : Wasp ) , is a portable one - shot disposable 64 mm unguided anti - tank weapon , designed in the former Yugoslavia .
Nasz Przegląd was the most well - known Polish - Jewish newspaper in interwar Poland .
Spritzgebäck is a common pastry in Germany and served often during Christmas season , when parents commonly spend afternoons baking with their children for one or two weeks .
M. Suganth from The Times of India gave it 4 out of 5 and claimed that Saattai was a `` commercial potboiler dressed up as arty fare '' .
Ugotowani is a TVN television programme shown in the Poland .
Un inviato molto speciale is an Italian television series aired in Italy from September 15 to October 27 , 1992 on Rai 2 .
The 7th Hunt is an independent horror film from Australia , directed by J.D. Cohen , co - directed by Darren K Hawkins for Cinegear Productions / Coherent Productions in 2008 and first screened in 2009 .
Der Schlangemann is a freely available 7 minute short film in pseudo - German made by Andreas Hansson and Björn Renberg in Umeå , Sweden , 1998 - -2000 .
The Frankfurter Kranz ( or Frankfurt Crown Cake ) is a cake specialty believed to originate from Frankfurt , Germany .
Mural on Indian Red Ground is a 1950 abstract expressionist drip painting by American artist Jackson Pollock , currently in the collection of the Tehran Museum of Contemporary Art . It is valued at about $ 250 million and is considered one of Pollock 's greatest works .
The Marilyn Diptych ( 1962 ) is a silkscreen painting by American pop artist Andy Warhol .
George Stacy first appeared in The Amazing Spider - Man # 56 ( 1968 ) , and was created by Stan Lee , John Romita , Sr . , and Don Heck .
The Hungry Lion Throws Itself on the Antelope ( Le lion ayant faim se jette sur l'antilope ) is a large oil - on - canvas painting created by Henri Rousseau in 1905 .
Zorro ( Spanish for `` fox '' ) is the secret identity of Don Diego de la Vega , a fictional character created in 1919 by pulp writer Johnston McCulley .
Bridget Loves Bernie is an American television comedy program created by Bernard Slade , the creator of the 1970 - -74 ABC sitcom The Partridge Family and the 1967 - 70 sitcom The Flying Nun .
The script for QI News was written by Meakin and Justin Gayner .
The Discovery of America is a trilogy written by the German author and educator Joachim Heinrich Campe ( 1746 - 1818 ) .
The Portrait of Vincenzo Anastagi is a portrait of Vincenzo Anastagi by El Greco , probably painted between 1571 and 1576 , during the artist 's time in Rome .
The Portrait of Prince Philip Prospero is a 1659 portrait of Philip Prospero , Prince of Asturias by Diego Velázquez .
Twenty Twelve was a BBC television comedy series written and directed by John Morton .
North Square is a British television drama series written by Peter Moffat and broadcast by Channel 4 at the end of 2000 .
Immigrant Mother is a public artwork by Croatian artist Ivan Meštrović located in Cathedral Square Park in Milwaukee , Wisconsin , United States .
Foxbusters is a British animation very loosely based on the Dick King - Smith book The Fox Busters .
Fillmore ! is an American animated television series created by Scott M. Gimple for ABC and , later , Toon Disney .
The Bust of Costanza Bonarelli is a marble portrait sculpture by the Italian artist Gian Lorenzo Bernini , created in the 1630s .
Bulman was based - increasingly loosely - on the character featured in the XYY Man novels by Kenneth Royce .
Elliot in the Morning is a morning radio talk show hosted by DJ Elliot Segal .
Autoportrait ( Tamara in a Green Bugatti ) is a self - portrait painting done by Polish artist Tamara de Lempicka .
Apocalyptic Rider is a painting created by Nabil Kanso in 1980 .
The Testament and Death of Moses is a fresco attributed to the Italian Renaissance painters Luca Signorelli and Bartolomeo della Gatta , executed in around 1482 and located in the Sistine Chapel , Rome .
The Anthony Roll is a record of ships of the English Tudor navy of the 1540s , named after its creator , Anthony Anthony .
Far Out Space Nuts is a Sid and Marty Krofft children 's television series that aired in 1975 for one season , and produced 15 episodes .
Kath & Kim is a character - driven Australian television satirical situation comedy series created by Jane Turner and Gina Riley .
Lady Elizabeth Delmé and Her Children ( 1779 ) is an oil on canvas portrait by Joshua Reynolds .
Gerry Enright ( born 1966 ) is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for the Tipperary senior team .
Florence Violet McKenzie was born Florence Violet Granville on 28 September 1890 in Melbourne , although before her marriage to Cecil McKenzie at the age of 34 , she was known as Violet Wallace .
Darcy Russell ( 1922 - 1977 ) was a rugby league footballer in the NSWRFL and was a prolific goal kicker and point - scorer .
Ayşe Nur Zarakolu ( née Sarısözen ) ( 9 May 1946 -- 28 January 2002 ) was a Turkish author , publisher and human rights advocate .
Palash Nandy ( born 17 July 1952 ) is a retired Indian cricketer .
Rachel Anderson ( born 1943 ) is an English journalist and author best known for her children 's books .
Victor Catan was born on 17 August 1949 in the village of Druța ( pronounced `` Drutza '' ) in the region of Rîșcani of the Republic of Moldova .
Madou Dossama ( born 24 July 1972 ) is a retired Burkinabé footballer who played for Etoile Filante Ouagadougou and the national team .
Graham Hamilton ( born 27 November 1944 in Leeds , West Yorkshire ) is a British stage and television actor who was the 15th President of Equity , the actors ' trade union , between 2008 and 2010 .
Aristidis Rapanakis ( Greek : Αριστίδης Ραπανάκης ; born 1954 ) is a Greek competitive sailor and Olympic medalist .
Nadendla Bhaskara Rao ( born 23 June 1935 in Guntur ) was the chief minister of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh for a brief period in 1984 .
Robin Hawkins ( born 11 February 1986 ) , commonly known as Rob is the primary vocalist and bassist for Welsh band The Automatic .
Jan Rezek ( born 5 May 1982 ) is a Czech football player who played for Cypriot side Ermis Aradippou .
James Thomas Eaglestone , known as Jim Eaglestone ( 24 July 1923 - 14 October 2000 ) was an English cricketer who played sixty first class cricket matches initially for Middlesex , for whom he featured in 1947 , before moving to Glamorgan for the 1948 and 1949 seasons .
Oded Balilty ( Hebrew : עודד בלילטי , born 1979 , Jerusalem ) is an Israeli documentary photographer .
Simon Rakoff ( born 1960 ) is a Canadian comedian who began performing professionally in 1978 .
Joan M. Tenenbaum ( born 1945 ) is an American linguist , anthropologist and artist specializing in metalsmithing and jewelry .
Liliane Saint - Pierre ( born Liliane Keuninckx , 18 December 1948 ) is a Belgian ( Flemish ) singer who sings mainly in Dutch .
Chang Hyo - hui ( 1948 - December 2 , 2003 ) was a South Korean Protestant pastor , social activist , theologian , and philosopher .
Wang Junzheng ( Chinese : 王君正 ; born May 1963 ) is a Chinese politician , serving since 2016 as the Communist Party Secretary of Changchun .
Jarmo Ahjupera ( born 13 April 1984 ) is an Estonian professional footballer who plays for Estonian Meistriliiga club Viljandi Tulevik .
Wenceslau Malta ( 15 December 1931 -- 27 January 2011 ) was a Brazilian modern pentathlete .
Ivan McAlpine ( 19 July 1907 -- 16 April 1992 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Footscray and Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Francis Marbury , born in London and baptised there on 27 October 1555 , was one of six children of William Marbury ( 1524 - -1581 ) , and the youngest of three sons .
Christophe Collignon ( born 21 July 1969 ) is a Belgian politician and a member of the PS . He was elected as a member of the Belgian Senate in 2007 .
Simon Cousins ( born Simon Frederick Cousins , 17 January 1965 , Bath , Somerset ) is an English singer - songwriter and musician , who was a member of Liverpool indie country rock band The Onset and folk rockers Ophiuchus .
Ricardo Falla - Sánchez ( born 1932 ) is a Guatemalan Jesuit and anthropologist .
Stephen Cleobury CBE ( /ˈkliːbrɪ/ KLEE - bri ; born Bromley 31 December 1948 ) is an English organist and conductor .
B. Murali ( born 3 April 1971 ) is a Malayalam short story writer and a novelist .
Kemal Okuyan ( born 1962 ) is the chief editor of daily newspaper Sol in Turkey .
John Haney Rogers , born 1822 in Tennessee , died December 27 , 1906 Merced , California , was a pioneer of the California Gold Rush , and was one of the first known group of European - Americans to travel through Death Valley , California , in December 1849 .
Tom Abel ( born 1970 ) is a German cosmologist who first simulated the collapse of a metal - free massive star that belongs to the first generation of stars in the Universe .
Cuahutémoc Velasco Vargas ( 1919 -- June 13 , 1999 ) was a professional wrestler and trainer of other wrestlers under the name Diablo Velasco .
Mark Vincent ( born 4 September 1993 in Caringbah , New South Wales ) is an Australian tenor .
Kamal Al Taweel or Kamal El - Tawil ( 11 October 1922 - 9 July 2003 ) was a distinguish Egyptian composer and music author .
Alexander Neubauer ( born 15 July 1986 ) is an Austrian ice hockey player currently playing for Kapfenberg ( in the province Styria ) of the Austrian Nationalliga .
Raúl Salinas Lozano ( born in Agualeguas , Nuevo León 1917 - -2004 ) was a Mexican economist .
Jason Brett ( born 25 May 1953 ) was the co - producer of the 1986 romantic comedy film About Last Night .
Luciano Di Pardo ( born 3 February 1975 in Bad Schwalbach , Germany ) is an Italian long - distance runner .
Colin Falck ( born 14 July 1934 ) is a literary critic and poet .
Sir Francis Drake , 1st Baronet ( 1588 -- 11 March 1637 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in two parliaments between 1625 and 1629 .
Lev L. Dassin ( 10 September 1965 ) was acting US Attorney for the Southern District of New York from December 2008 until August 2009 .
Ben Lurie ( born 13 June 1968 ) is a British musician , best known as a member of the Scottish alternative rock band The Jesus and Mary Chain from 1989 to 1998 .
Tullio Simoncini ( born 1951 ) is an Italian former physician and alternative medicine advocate .
Amand Vanderhagen or Amand Van der Hagen ( 1753 - -1822 ) was a Flemish clarinetist and teacher .
Cory Dell'Olio ( born 8 December 1989 ) is an Australian rules football player who last played for the Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League , before he was delisted at the end of the 2014 season .
Pandit Durga Lal ( 1948 - 21 Jan 1990 ) was a renowned Kathak dancer of the Jaipur Gharana .
Edijs Jurēvics , artistic name Eddie Jurevics ( born 18 December 1989 in Jelgava ) is a Latvian rock singer , guitarist , clarinettist and songwriter .
Fred H. Roster ( born 1944 ) is an American sculptor who was born in Palo Alto , California .
John Anthony Allan ( born 2 January 1937 ) , sometime cited as Tony Allan , is a British geographer .
Karan Arora ( Hindi:करन अरोड़ा ) ( born 2 June 1973 , in Allahabad ) is a London - based Indian film producer , entrepreneur and founder of High Ground Enterprises Ltd. ( 2008 ) , A conglomerate with its strategic partners has its presence and footprints spread across various countries .
Eroia Barone - Nugent ( born 12 June 1959 ) is an Australian teacher .
Stephen Wyatt , born 4 February 1948 in Beckenham , Kent ( now Greater London ) , and brought up in Ealing , West London , is a British writer .
Thea Hjelmeland ( born 1987 in Førde , Sogn og Fjordane ) is a Norwegian musician , singer and songwriter , raised by an artist mother and a musician father .
Russell Gilbert ( born 17 October 1959 ) , is an Australian comedian and actor from Footscray , Victoria .
Ángel Rosario Cabada ( 1872 - -1921 ) was an agrarian leader whose name was given to the town of Ángel R. Cabada and the municipality of Ángel R. Cabada , in the Veracruz state of Mexico .
Ahmed Shaheed ޝަހީދު ( born 1964 ) is a Maldivian diplomat and politician and an expert on human rights and advocate for democracy .
Anita Killi ( born 17 January 1968 in Stavanger ) is a Norwegian animator and film director .
Philip Schwyzer ( born 19 April 1970 ) is an American - British literary scholar and author , who since 2001 has been Professor of Renaissance Literature at Exeter University .
Luboš Zákostelský ( born 25 September 1967 ) is a Czech former football player who currently works as a football manager for Sezimovo Ústí .
Jennifer Gibney ( born 7 July 1964 ) is an Irish actress , best known for playing Cathy Brown in the BBC television sitcom , Mrs. Brown 's Boys .
Abd Al Aziz Awda , also known as Sheik Odeh ( born 20 December 1950 ) is a Palestinian and one of the founders of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine , also known as Palestinian Islamic Jihad ( PIJ ) , which is deemed by the United States to be an international terrorist organization .
Elisabeth of Schleswig - Holstein - Sonderburg ( 24 September 1580 -- 21 December 1653 in Rügenwalde in Pomerania ) was a German noblewoman .
Jüri Okas ( born 26 August 1950 in Tallinn ) is a notable Estonian architect , installation artst and printmaker .
Lasha Khmaladze ( born Tbilisi , 20 January 1988 ) is a Georgian rugby union player , who plays as a fly half or fullback for the Georgian national rugby union team and Lelo in the Georgia Championship .
Julieanne Newbould ( born 1957 ) is an Australian actress who first came to prominence in the 1970s .
Nicolas Champenois ( April 1734 - 30 October 1811 ) was a missionary of Paris Foreign Missions Society and was the Superior of Karnatic Mission after Pierre Brigot from 8 November 1791 until his death .
Chase Finlay ( born 1990 ) is an American ballet dancer and currently a principal dancer with the New York City Ballet .
Berkley Cox ( born 3 May 1935 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Niccolò Schirò ( born 25 March 1994 ) is an Italian racing driver , who is best known for being the 2012 European F3 Open champion .
Carlo De Simone ( 1885 - 1951 ) was an officer in the Italian Army during World War II . During most of the East African Campaign , Lieutenant - General De Simone commanded Italian forces in southern Italian Somaliland .
Torbjørn Løkken ( born 28 June 1963 ) is a Norwegian nordic combined skier who competed from 1985 to 1990 .
Stuart Wenham ( born 1957 in Sydney ) is the current director of the ARC Centre of Excellence in Advanced Silicon Photovoltaics and Photonics and Director of Academic Studies of the School of Photovoltaic and Renewable Energy Engineering at the University of New South Wales .
Monica Reeves ( born 1972 in Oakville , Ontario ) is a Canadian professional poker and blackjack player .
Denis Connolly ( born 1965 , Dun Laoghaire , Ireland ) is an installation and video artist .
Masao Kishimoto ( Japanese : 岸本正雄 ) ( October 1881 -- May 20 , 1963 ) was Director of the Karafuto Agency ( December 17 , 1931 -- July 5 , 1932 ) .
Irene Papas ( Greek Ειρήνη Παππά ; born 3 September 1926 ) is a retired Greek actress and occasional singer , who has starred in over seventy films in a career spanning more than fifty years .
Jessica Salomé di Iorio ( born 23 July 1980 ) is an Argentine lawyer and football referee .
Ciarán Hinds ( /ˈkɪərɔːn ˈhaɪndz/ KEER - awn HYNDZ ; born 9 February 1953 ) is an Irish film , television and stage actor .
Robert Malm ( born 21 August 1973 in Dunkerque ) is a former French - born Togolese football striker .
Duane Dyer , better known by his stage name , Iceberg Slimm ( born 1978 ) is a Black British rapper and founder of Frojak Entertainment who is best known for his singles `` Nursery Rhymes '' , `` Bad Boy '' and `` Starship '' taken from his debut album , Da World on Ice .
Sir John Ivan George Cadogan HonFREng CBE FRS FRSE FRSC PLSW ( born 8 October 1930 ) , commonly known as John Cadogan , is a British scientist specializing in organic chemistry .
John B. Sollenberger ( 1897 - -1967 ) was an American sports and entertainment executive closely associated with Milton S. Hershey and the development of Hershey , Pennsylvania .
James Croak ( born 1951 ) is a visual artist known for his work in conceptual figuration and sculpture .
Marcus van Teijlingen ( born 20 March 1973 in Rijnsburg ) is a Dutch dance instructor and professional Latin - American dancer .
Adam Kirsch ( born 1976 ) is an American poet and literary critic .
Jim Trend ( 2 November 1878 -- 17 February 1954 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Yordan Sokolov , sometimes spelled as Jordan Sokolov ( born 18 January 1933 ) is a Bulgarian jurist and politician , Minister of Internal affairs between 1991 - 1992 , three mandates an MP between January 1995 and June 2005 , and he is a Speaker ( бълг. председател ) of Parliament between 1997 - 2001 .
Eddy Bensoussan ( born 1938 in Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian physician .
Sheila McClennon ( born 13 May 1960 ) is a British radio presenter , notable for her work on BBC Radio 4 .
Veniamin Reshetnikov ( Russian : Вениамин Сергеевич Решетников ; born 28 July 1986 ) is a Russian sabre fencer , European champion in 2009 , World champion in 2013 , and winner of the 2012 - -13 Fencing World Cup .
Jaco Van Dormael ( born 9 February 1957 ) is a Belgian film director , screenwriter and playwright .
Ernesto Djédjé ( 1948 - -1983 ) was an Ivorian musician from Daloa .
Roxane Hayward ( born Roxane Josephine Hayward , 7 May 1991 ) is a South African film and television actress .
Kurt Ove Håkan Buskhe , born 8 November 1963 in Örnsköldsvik , is a Swedish businessman , better known as the president and CEO of the Swedish aerospace and defence company Saab Group , a role he has been in since September 2010 .
David Loosli ( born 8 May 1980 in Berne ) is a former Swiss professional road bicycle racer , who competed as a professional between 2004 and 2011 , mainly for UCI ProTeam Lampre - Caffita , retiring as a member of the squad .
Tadeusz Ajdukiewicz ( 1852 -- January 9 , 1916 ) was a Polish realist painter from around the turn - of - the - century , best known for his battle - scenes , portraits , landscapes and paintings of horses .
Robert A. Maxwell ( 1838 , Washington County , New York -- June 8 , 1912 , Batavia , Genesee County , New York ) was an American politician
Viktória Csáki ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈviktoːriɒ ˈtʃaːki ) ; born 3 March 1986 in Tiszalök ) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for French club Fehérvár KC and the Hungarian national team .
Sir Edwin Alliott Verdon Roe OBE , Hon . FRAeS , FIAS ( 26 April 1877 -- 4 January 1958 ) was a pioneer English pilot and aircraft manufacturer , and founder in 1910 of the Avro company .
William Fraigneau ( 1717 - -1788 ) was a Greek professor at Cambridge University .
Eric de Sturler ( born 15 January 1966 , Groningen ) is a Professor of Mathematics at Virginia Tech in Blacksburg , Virginia .
Lester S. Hill ( 1891 - -1961 ) was an American mathematician and educator who was interested in applications of mathematics to communications .
Hayden Mexted ( born 10 March 1979 in Whakatane ) is an American rugby union lock .
Dr. Joseph Waltl ( 28 July 1805 - -4 March 1888 ) was a German physician and naturalist .
William Stratton Mills ( born 1 July 1932 ) , is a retired solicitor and former politician in Northern Ireland .
Lincoln Michel ( born 1982 ) is an American short - story writer and editor .
Sherrod Williams ( 1804 -- unknown ) was a U.S. Representative from Kentucky .
Holger Handtke ( born 1968 ) is a German television actor .
Craig Skelton ( born 14 September 1980 ) is an English footballer who played as a striker in the Football League for Darlington and in non - league football for a large number of clubs , mostly in the north east of England .
Bruce Gilchrist ( b. 1930 ) is considered one of the notable figures in modern computing history .
Ouyang Xiadan ( simplified Chinese : 欧阳夏丹 ; traditional Chinese : 歐陽夏丹 ; pinyin : ōuáang Xiàdān ; born 28 July 1977 ) is a Chinese news anchor for China Central Television , the main state announcer of China .
Qiu Chuji ( traditional Chinese : 丘處機 ; simplified Chinese : 丘处机 ; pinyin : Qiū Chǔjī ; 1148 -- 23 July 1227 ) , also known by his Taoist name Changchun zi ( Chinese : 長春子 ; pinyin : Chángchūnzi ) , was a Daoist disciple of Wang Chongyang .
Stuart Torevell ( born 1 April 1974 in Stockport , Greater Manchester ) is a camera operator and rigger working for television production company Antix Productions on shows such as Most Haunted .
Roger Sandall ( 1933 - August 11 , 2012 ) was an essayist and commentator on cultural relativism and is best known as the author of The Culture Cult .
John Robert Edwards ( born 3 December 1947 , Southampton , England ) is professor of psychology at St Francis Xavier University in Nova Scotia , Canada .
Brian Fenton ( born 2 March 1993 ) is a Gaelic footballer for the Dublin senior football team and plays his club football for Raheny .
Peter Heather ( born 1960 ) is a historian of Late Antiquity and the Early Middle Ages , currently Professor of Medieval History at King 's College London .
Corneliu Papură ( born 5 September 1973 ) is a former Romanian footballer and current head coach .
Mark F. Green ( born 1953 ) is an American lawyer from Oklahoma who currently serves as the United States Attorney for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma , having served in that position since September 29 , 2010 , when he was appointed by President Barack Obama .
Vincent Regan ( born 16 May 1965 ) is a British film and television actor , best known for his roles in historical / mythological epics such as 300 , Troy and Clash of the Titans .
Benjamin Lucraft ( born 1809 ) was a famous craftsman chair - carver in London where his radical inclinations led him to be involved in many political movements .
Daniel Philippidis ( Greek : Δανιήλ Φιλιππίδης ; Romanian : Dimitrie Daniil Philippide ; c. 1750 -- 1832 ) was a Greek scholar , figure of the modern Greek Enlightenment and member of the patriotic organization Filiki Etaireia .
Hossein Ojaghi ( Persian : حسین اجاقی‎ , born 30 August 1975 in Tehran ) is an Iranian wushu athlete and mixed martial artist .
Olga Kálmán ( born 23 February 1968 ) is a Hungarian news editor , television host and author .
Robert J. Sanborn ( born 1958 in Boston ) is a fund manager , Portfolio manager and managing member of Sanborn Kilcollin Partners , LLC an investment management firm started in 2001 .
Tom Atlee ( born 1947 ) is an American social , peace and environmental activist and author .
Tal Ma'abi ( Hebrew : טל מעבי‎ , born 15 May 1985 ) is an Israeli footballer playing for Beitar Kfar Saba
William Kent ( c. 1685 -- 12 April 1748 ) was an eminent English architect , landscape architect and furniture designer of the early 18th century .
Andy Scharmin ( 29 November 1967 -- 7 June 1989 in Paramaribo ) was a Surinamese - Dutch footballer .
Matthew Howard , III MD ( born 1959 ) is an American neurosurgeon , electrophysiologist , and inventor .
Lim Seon - joo ( Hangul : 임선주 , born 27 November 1990 ) is a South Korean football player for Incheon Red Angels and the South Korean national team .
Janet Holmes à Court , AC , HonFAHA , HonFAIB ( born Janet Lee Ranford on 29 November 1943 in Perth , Western Australia ) is an Australian businesswoman , philanthropist , and one of Australia 's wealthiest women .
John Hindley ( born 7 August 1965 ) is a retired British professional wrestler best known by his ring name Johnny Smith .
Kwak Yi - kyong ( 곽이경 , born 1979 ) is a South Korean LGBT human rights activist , civil rights activist , and labor rights activist .
Manolis Tzanakakis ( Greek : Μανώλης Τζανακάκης , born 30 April 1992 ) is a Greek footballer who currently plays for Cypriot First Division club Anorthosis , as a Right back / Left back , on loan from Olympiakos .
Thomas Hübener ( born 25 June 1982 ) is a German footballer who can play in defence or midfield .
Greedy Smith is the pseudonym of Andrew McArthur Smith or Andy Smith ( born 16 January 1956 , Sydney ) , who is a vocalist , keyboardist , harmonicist and songwriter with Australian pop / new wave band Mental As Anything .
Gary Warburton ( born 15 November 1987 in Griffith , New South Wales ) is an Australian former rugby league footballer for the Canterbury - Bankstown Bulldogs in the National Rugby League .
Tracey Freeman ( born 1948 ) is an Australian Paralympic athlete who won ten medals at two Paralympics .
Tomasz Sakiewicz ( born 31 December 1967 in Warsaw ) is editor - in - chief of Gazeta Polska and a Polish right - wing journalist .
Patrick Montan ( born 1976 ) is a Swiss harpsichordist and musicologist .
Kathryn Sikkink ( born 1955 ) is an author , human rights academic , and scholar of international relations working primarily through the theoretical strain of constructivism .
Mazen Metwaly ( Arabic : مازن متولي‎ ; born 14 March 1990 ) is a Saudi Arabian - born Egyptian professional swimmer , specialising in Open water swimming .
Martin Dwars ( born 17 December 1987 ) is a German Goalkeeper who plays for VfB Berlin - Friedrichshain .
Paul Prymke ( born 8 December 1970 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Mathew Cheeseman ( born 2 April 1985 ) is an Australian soccer referee .
Edmund Giblin ( 29 June 1923 -- 2000 ) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Stoke City .
Clive Parker ( born 1960 ) also known as Clive Parker - Sharp , is a British drummer , active in the punk , post - punk and new wave genres .
James Livingstone Begg FRSE FGS JP ( 1874 - 1958 ) was a Scottish geologist .
Glenhall Taylor ( 1903 - -1997 ) was an American writer , producer , and director for radio and television .
Professor Emeritus Claus Michael Kauffmann ( born 5 February 1931 ) was Director of the Courtauld Institute , London , from 1985 - 1995 .
Sheryl Williams Stapleton ( born 1958 ) is a member of the New Mexico House of Representatives where she represents District 19 .
Mary Nissenson ( born April 1952 ) is an award - winning American television journalist , who also has been an entrepreneur , social activist and university instructor .
Louise Mohn ( born 14 January 1974 ) is a Norwegian entrepreneur and sole founder of The Luzmon and co - founder of Michelsen Medical .
Jean Carolus ( Brussels , 1814 -- 1897 , Paris ) , a Belgian painter of genre scenes and interiors , spent much of his life living and working in France .
András Sebő ( born 24 April 1954 ) is a Hungarian - French mathematician working in the areas of combinatorial optimization and discrete mathematics .
Nguyen Dinh Ngoc ( 13 August 1932 -- 2 May 2006 ) was an Army officer and a Vietnamese mathematician .
Jeff Campitelli ( born 29 December 1960 ) is a drummer who has worked with Joe Satriani on many of his albums as well as live performances .
Jan van Almeloveen ( ca . 1652 -- after 1683 ) was a Dutch painter , engraver , and draughtsman of the 17th century , principally known for some neatly executed etchings of landscapes .
Jeff Prescott ( born 1969 , Olean , New York ) is an American amateur wrestler , who won two NCAA division 1 championships at Penn State University and was the first Penn State Most Outstanding Wrestler ( MOW ) of the NCAA tournament .
Leopold Markbreit ( 1842 - -1909 ) was a German - American Republican politician in Cincinnati , Ohio .
William James Hubard ( 1807 - -1862 ) was British - born artist who worked in England and the United States in the 19th century .
Wilma Elizabeth Forster ( nēe Oram ) Young AM ( 17 August 1916 -- 28 May 2001 ) , commonly known as Wilma Oram , was an Australian Army nurse during the Second World War .
Greg Stolze ( born 1970 ) is an American game designer , writer and novelist , whose work has mainly focused on writing for role - playing games and related intellectual properties .
Jelger Wiegersma ( born 4 December 1981 ) is a Dutch Magic :
Javan Sebastian ( born 27 September 1994 in Llanelli , Wales ) is a Welsh rugby union player who plays for Glasgow Warriors at the Tighthead Prop position .
Ingrid Antonijevic Hahn ( born 22 July 1952 ) is a Chilean economist , entrepreneur , academic and former Minister of Economy , Development and Reconstruction ( 2006 ) for only two months , in the first cabinet of socialist president Michelle Bachelet .
Andrew Howe ( born 12 May 1985 ) is an Italian athlete who specializes in the long jump .
Rupert Raj ( born 1952 ) is a Canadian Eurasian , trans * activist and transsexual man .
Patrick Condon ( born in Brockton Massachusetts in 1950 ) is a notable Canadian urban designer , planner and professor , and is author of several planning books in the field of sustainability and public engagement .
Zhang Jiucheng ( Chinese : 張九成 ; pinyin : Zhāng Jǐuchéng ; 1092 - -1159 ) , courtesy name Zishao ( 子韶 ) , was a Song Dynasty politician .
Francisco de Paula Ramos de Azevedo ( 8 December 1851 -- 13 June 1928 ) was a Brazilian architect , known for designing various buildings and landmarks in São Paulo , such as the Teatro Municipal , the Mercado Municipal and the Pinacoteca .
Wanida Boonwan ( Thai : วนิดา บุญวรรณ ; born 30 August 1986 in Ubon Ratchathani ) is a Thai athlete competing in the high jump .
Valerie Leon ( born 12 November 1943 ) is an English actress who had roles in a number of high - profile British film franchises , including the Carry On series .
Charles W. Juels ( 1944 - 2009 ) was an American amateur astronomer .
Ayshe Talay - Ongan , PhD ( DOB 23 September 1947 ) is a Turkish - born author and a retired academic from Macquarie University , Sydney ( 1989 - -2007 ) , from where she has received the Outstanding Teacher Award in 2003 .
Dionís Renart i García ( Barcelona , 1878 - Barcelona , 1946 ) was a Catalan sculptor and astronomer .
Michalis Klokidis ( Greek : Μιχάλης Κλοκίδης , born 23 December 1971 ) is the all - time scorer in the top four divisions of Greek football .
Wyn Hoop ( born 29 May 1936 ) is a German singer , birth name Winfried Lüssenhop , best known for his participation in the 1960 Eurovision Song Contest .
Philip Michael Ondaatje , OC ( /ɒnˈdɑːtʃiː/ ; born 12 September 1943 ) , is a Sri Lankan - born Canadian novelist and poet .
Zvika Hadar ( Hebrew : צביקה הדר‎ ; born 7 April 1966 ) is an Israeli actor , comedian and television host .
Jack Elton Bresenham ( born 11 October 1937 , Clovis , New Mexico ) is a former professor of computer science .
De Es Schwertberger ( born Dieter Schwertberger 1942 ) , commonly known simply as De Es ( since 1972 ) , is an Austrian artist , painter and modeller .
Franz Emmerich Kaspar von Waldbott von Bassenheim ( 1626 - -1683 ) was the Prince - Bishop of Worms from 1679 to 1682 .
Rajani Kanta Patir ( born 1917 ) was an Indian Administrative Service officer .
Nina Canell ( born 1979 ) is a Swedish sculpture and installation artist .
Manusha Nanayakkara ( born 24 September 1977 ) is a Sri Lankan politician and a current Member of Parliament for Galle District .
Joseph Bowler ( born 1928 , Forest Hills , New York ) is an artist and illustrator .
Wafika Sultan Al - Essa ( Arabic : وفيقة سلطان العيسى‎ ; born 1952 in Bahrain ) is a Qatari artist specializing in painting and plastic arts .
Zhi Dun ( Chinese : 支遁 ; pinyin : Zhī Dùn ; Wade -- Giles : Chih Tun ; 314 - 366 CE ) was a Chinese Buddhist monk and philosopher .
Joel Garten ( born 1981 ) is a pianist and improviser known for his innovative improvisations .
Alejandro Santo Domingo Dávila ( born 13 February 1977 ) is a Colombian - American financier and philanthropist .
Athinodoros Prousalis or Proussalis ( Greek : Αθηνόδωρος Προύσαλης ; 15 December 1926 -- 5 June 2012 ) was a Greek film and television actor .
Pope Nicholas V ( Latin : Nicholaus V ) ( 15 November 1397 -- 24 March 1455 ) , born Tommaso Parentucelli , was Pope from 6 March 1447 until his death in 1455 .
Janet Ågren ( born 6 April 1949 ) is a Swedish former actress of mostly Italian exploitation films .
Bo Petersen ( born 21 February 1958 Bolbro , Denmark ) is a former motorcycle speedway rider who first rode in the UK with the Hackney Hawks .
Goran Krivokapić ( Горан Кривокапић ) ( born 1979 ) is a Montenegrin classical guitarist .
Thomas Sanzillo ( born 1955 in Brooklyn , New York City ) is an American investment banker , financial advisor and politician .
David Szalay ( Montréal , 1974 ) is an English writer .
Lise Kjølsrød ( born 1949 ) is a Norwegian sociologist , specialising in the sociology of medical care .
Knut Kiesewetter ( born 13 September 1941 ) is a German jazz musician , singer , songwriter , and producer .
Marwa Rakha ( born 1978 ) is an Egyptian relationship and dating expert .
Dirk Else ( born 27 August 1977 in Erlabrunn , GDR ) is a retired German ski jumper .
Vera Berdich ( 1915 Cicero , Illinois -- October 12 , 2003 Chicago ) was an American printmaker .
Sir Frank Brian Smedley ( 28 November 1934 -- 6 April 2007 ) was a High Court judge in the Queen 's Bench Division from 1995 to 2000 .
Ludwig Halberstädter ( 9 December 1876 , Beuthen , Oberschlesien - 20 August 1949 ) was a German - Jewish radiologist .
Kaina Martinez ( born 20 February 1986 in the Garifuna village Seine Bight , Stann Creek District ) is a Belizean athlete .
Juliet Jacques ( born 3 October 1981 ) is a British journalist , critic and writer of short fiction , known for her work on the transgender experience , including her transition as a trans woman .
Solomon Perel ( also Shlomo Perel or Sally Perel ; born 21 April 1925 ) is an Israeli author and motivational speaker .
Julian Putkowski ( born 1947 ) is a British university teacher , military historian , researcher and broadcaster .
Kellyn Tate ( born c. 1976 ) , is an American softball coach and former player .
Brian Wynne ( Born 14 January 1947 ) is Professor of Science Studies and Research Director of the Centre for the Study of Environmental Change ( CSEC ) at the University of Lancaster .
Cai Guangliao ( born 1958 ) is a Chinese senior police officer who spent most of his career in South China 's Guangdong province .
Marcello Ferrada de Noli , also referred to as Ferrada - Noli , was born in Chile 25 July 1943 , in family of Italian ancestry rooted in Genoa ( Liguria ) , descendants of the nobleman and explorer António de Noli .
Ahmed Mohamed Kakoyi ( born in Masaka , Uganda on 8 October 1980 ) better known by his stage name Mad Ice is a Ugandan singer and songwriter of Raggamuffin and at a later stage with Afro - pop and Afro - soul music .
Patricia Jünger ( born 6 August 1951 ) is a Swiss - Austrian multi - media artist , conductor , sound director and composer .
Eliza O'Flaherty ( 1818 - 1882 ) née Winstanley , was an Australian writer and stage actor .
Arva Moore Parks McCabe ( born 1939 ) is a historian , author and preservationist in Miami , Florida .
Maja Lidia Kossakowska ( 1972 ) is a Polish fantasy writer , archeologist and journalist .
Sakher El Materi ( Mohamed Sakhr El Materi , Arabic : محمد صخر الماطري‎ , born 2 December 1981 ) is a Tunisian businessman .
Abdelmalek Droukdel ( born 20 April 1970 ) , also known by his nom de guerre as Abu Musab Abdel Wadoud , is the emir , or leader , of the Algerian Islamic militant group Al - Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb ( AQIM ) , formerly the Salafist Group for Preaching and Combat ( GSPC ) .
Peter Lewis Allen ( born 1957 ) is a scholar , author , educator , and executive .
Matt Gordon ( born 1969 ) is a Canadian actor , perhaps best known for playing Doc in the sports sitcom Rent - a - Goalie , and for his portrayal of Officer Oliver Shaw in the drama series Rookie Blue .
George James Peirce ( 1868 - -1954 ) was an American botanist known for his work on plant physiology .
George Frederick Shrady , Jr. , M.D. ( 1862 - April 5 , 1933 ) was the coroner for the New York County , New York in 1906 , and head of the Aqueduct Police .
Kiini Ibura Salaam ( born 1973 ) is an essayist , science fiction and fantasy short story writer , and painter .
Itamar Zorman ( Hebrew : איתמר זורמן‎ ; born 1985 ) is an Israeli violinist .
Fred O'Connor ( born September 1 , 1939 ) is a former American football coach and administrator whose career spanned more than 30 years at the high school , collegiate , and professional levels .
Dr. Hao Ping ( Chinese : 郝平 ; born 1959 in Shandong ) is a Chinese politician who has served as Vice Minister of Education .
Claude Marc Bourget ( born 1956 , in Montreal ) is a musician , writer and Quebec journalist .
Friedrich - Wilhelm Krüger ( 8 May 1894 -- 10 May 1945 ) was a Nazi official and high - ranking member of the SA and SS . Between 1939 and 1943 he was Higher SS and Police Leader .
George Dearnaley ( born 23 February 1969 ) is a retired South Africann football ( soccer ) striker who played for Hellenic FC , Seven Stars and most notably AmaZulu .
Lucas Fotsing Takou ( born 1980 ) , known as LucFosther Diop , is a Cameroonian artist , filmmaker , actor and entrepreneur .
Stephen Glover ( born 13 January 1952 ) is a British journalist and columnist for The Daily Mail .
Charles Jean - Baptiste des Gallois de La Tour ( 1715 - 1802 ) was a French public official .
Trausti Stefánsson ( born 20 January 1985 ) is an Icelandic sprinter and a current holder of the Icelandic record in the 400-meter sprint ( indoors ) .
Paul Chadwick ( born 1957 ) is an American comic book creator best known for his series Concrete about a normal man trapped in a rock - hard body .
Walter Maponyane ( born 27 November 1987 in Malamulele , Limpopo ) is a South African football ( soccer ) player for Premier Soccer League club Mamelodi Sundowns .
Darren Keyton ( born 15 June 1990 , Traverse City , Michigan ) is an American football offensive lineman currently playing for the Detroit Lions .
Israel Contreras ( born 27 December 1960 ) is a Venezuelan former professional boxer who won the World Boxing Association bantamweight title .
Manfred Mayrhofer ( 26 September 1926 -- 31 October 2011 ) was an Austrian Indo - Europeanist who specialized in Indo - Iranian languages .
Sushrii Shreya Mishraa ( born 4 January 1991 ) is an Indian Model and beauty queen from Odisha .
Maksud Karimov ( Uzbek : Maqsud Karimov or Мақсуд Каримов ) ( born 2 March 1985 ) is an Uzbek footballer .
Vala Flosadóttir ( born 16 February 1978 in Reykjavík ) is an Icelandic former athlete competing in the pole vault .
Frances Tustin ( born in Northern England in 1913 ) was a pioneering child psychotherapist renowned for her work with children with autism in the 1950s .
Princess Alexandra of Hanover ( German : Alexandra Irene Margaretha Elisabeth Bathildis , Prinzessin von Hannover ) , Duchess of Brunswick - Lüneburg , Princess of Leiningen ( born 18 February 1959 ) is the wife of Andreas , 8th Prince of Leiningen .
Nedim Şener ( IPA : ( ne̞d̪im ʃe̞ne̞ɾ ) ; born 1966 in Germany ) is a Turkish writer and journalist who has written for the Milliyet ( from 1994 ) and Posta newspapers .
David Boyle , 7th Earl of Glasgow GCMG ( 31 May 1833 -- 13 December 1915 ) was a British naval commander and colonial governor .
Ken Hodgkisson ( born 12 March 1933 in West Bromwich , England ) is an English footballer who played primarily for Walsall .
Abu Sayed Mohammad Abdul Awal ( G ) , ndc , MDS , psc , BN ( born 1957 ) is a Bangladesh Navy Rear Admiral and former Assistant Chief of Naval Staff ( Personnel ) .
Lasse Münstermann ( born 6 April 1979 ) is a German retired snooker player and pundit .
Meghan Beesley ( born 15 November 1989 ) is an English athlete specialising in the 400 metres hurdles .
Dalton Stevens ( born 1930 ) , better known as the Button King , is a hobbyist , outsider artist and musician notable for his unusual button art and related media appearances .
Timothy Greenfield - Sanders ( born 1952 ) is an American documentary filmmaker and portrait photographer based in New York City .
Joachim Grieg ( 19 December 1849 -- 7 December 1932 ) was a Norwegian ship broker and politician .
Dr Saeed Reza Ghaffari ( Persian : دکتر سعید رضا غفاری‎‎ ) is an Iranian scientist and physician born in 1962 , Fasa , Iran .
Alexander John Kosmina ( born 17 August 1956 ) , known as John Kosmina , is an Australian former football ( soccer ) player and manager , who is currently the Senior Coach of the Brisbane City club .
Lavdrim Muhaxheri ( pronounced /muː haˌdzːˈe ri/ ) ( born 12 March 1989 ) , also known by the nom de guerre Abu Abdullah al Kosova , Kosovo Albanian Islamic State ( IS ) leader for approximately 100 - -150 ethnic Albanian jihadi foreign fighters who fought in Iraq and Syria .
Sten Glenn Håberg ( born 22 April 1964 ) is a former Norwegian football player who played for Lillestrøm , Start and Brann .
Ockert Cilliers ( born 21 April 1981 ) is a South African 400 m hurdler .
Tanja Nijmeijer ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈtɑɲaː ˈnɛimɛiər ) ; born 13 February 1978 ) , also known as Alexandra Nariño , is a Dutch guerilla fighter and former English teacher who has been a member of the Colombian guerrilla group Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia ( FARC ) since 2002 .
Gustavus Athol Waterhouse ( 21 May 1877 -- 29 July 1950 ) , was an eminent Australian entomologist .
Hussain Ajij Kurbu also known as Hussen Ajij Kurbu ( born 1990 ) is an Indian national cyclist champion and the captain of Maharashtra cycling team .
Dimitris Zouliotis ( Greek : Δημήτρης Ζουλιώτης ; born 12 June 1984 ) is a Greek footballer who plays for Niki Volos F.C ..
Lucy Hadi ( born February 1946 in Amelia Island , Florida , U.S.A. ) was Secretary of the Florida Department of Children and Families .
Rachel Isadora ( born 1953 ) is an American illustrator and writer of children 's books , especially picture books .
Hewa Koparage Mervyn Silva ( Sinhala:හේවා කෝපරගේ මර්වින් සිල්වා ; Tamil:மேர்வின் சில்வா ) ( born 25 March 1944 ) is a Sri Lankan politician , Member of Parliament and a former government minister .
Anja Rubik ( born Anna Rubik ; 12 June 1983 ) is a Polish model .
Margaret Christensen ( 8 January 1921 -- 30 November 2009 ) was an Australian actress and radio host .
Hans Kristensen ( born 25 September 1941 ) is a Danish film director , screenwriter , and actor .
Joseph Merrill Currier ( 1820 -- April 22 , 1884 ) was a Canadian member of parliament and businessman .
John Patrick Blake ( born September 20 , 1971 ) is an American musician & singer - songwriter who writes records and performs Americana and roots rock music .
Aage Thordal - Christensen ( born 1965 ) is a Danish dancer , choreographer and ballet director .
Grant Evans ( born 3 January 1990 ) is a Scottish professional footballer , currently playing for Irvine Meadow in the Scottish Junior Football Association , West Region .
Will Millar ( born 1940 ) is an Irish - Canadian singer best known as a co - founding member of The Irish Rovers .
Tony Imi BSC ( 27 March 1937 -- 8 March 2010 ) was a British motion picture and television cinematographer .
Aleksandar Drenovak ( Serbian Cyrillic : Александар Дреновак ) , born 30 December 1983 in Kraljevo is a Serbian middleweight boxer .
Hou Jingjing ( 侯晶晶 ) , born in 1975 , was the first Chinese woman in a wheelchair to earn a doctorate .
Venkatesananda Saraswati ( 29 December , 1921 in Tanjore , South India--2 December , 1982 in Johannesburg , South Africa ) , known previously as Parthsarathy , was a disciple of Sivananda Saraswati .
Inger Støjberg ( born 16 March 1973 ) is a Danish Minister of Integration since June 2015 .
Herbert Distel ( born 7 August 1942 in Bern ) is a Swiss painter , sculptor , photographer , filmmaker and composer currently residing in Katzelsdorf near Vienna Austria .
Dame Carmen Marcela Contreras Arriagada , DBE ( b. 4 January 1942 ) is a Chilean - born British leading blood expert , immunologist and university educator .
King Huiwen of Zhao ( Traditional Chinese : 趙惠文王 ) ( born 310 BCE - died 266 BCE , reigned 298 BCE -- 266 BCE ) reigned in the State of Zhao during the Warring States period of Chinese history .
James Loughran CBE , DMus . , FRNCM , FRSAMD ( born 30 June 1931 , Glasgow , Scotland ) is a conductor .
Robert Rundell Guinness ( 12 December 1789 -7 March 1857 ) was an Irish banker , most famous for co - founding the Guinness Mahon bank in 1836 .
Julia Anastasopoulos ( born 14 June 1983 ) is a South African artist , illustrator , designer and actress .
Máté Balla ( born 12 January 1991 ) is a Hungarian rock musician , best known as the guitarist of the garage rock band Ivan & The Parazol .
Donald G. Bloesch ( 1928 , Bremen , Indiana -- August 24 , 2010 ) was a noted American evangelical theologian .
Jay Allen Carnes , known as J. Allen Carnes ( born 1975 ) , is a farmer who has been since 2012 the mayor of Uvalde , Texas .
Shirley Kwan , Kwan Suk'E , or Kwan Suk Yee ( , born 15 August 1966 ) is an influential Cantopop singer from Hong Kong .
Rosamond Joscelyne Mitchell ( born 1902 ) was an English author and archivist .
Rodney Dean Drayton ( born 1941 ) is a minister of the Uniting Church in Australia ( UCA ) and was President of the UCA Assembly from July 2003 to July 2006 .
Thomas W. Sutherland ( c. 1817 - - ) was an early settler and attorney in San Diego , California .
Artan Tushi ( born 25 January 1971 , in Kavajë ) is an Albanian pianist and composer .
Marie Cecilia Stegö Chilò ( Swedish pronunciation : ( kɪˈloː ) ; born 25 March 1959 ) was the Swedish Minister for Culture for ten days , from 6 to 16 October 2006 .
Johann Christoph Wichmannshausen ( 1663 - -1727 ) was a 17th - century German philologist .
Alejandro Pacheco ( Born September 5 , 1972 in Valencia , Carabobo , Venezuela ) is a speaker , commentator and producer of Venezuelan sports TV .
Professor Sir Colin Stansfield Smith CBE ( 1 October 1932 - 18 June 2013 ) was a British architect and academic .
Jens Steinigen ( born 2 September 1966 ) is a former East German and German biathlete .
Emily Richard ( born 25 January 1948 ) is a British actress and a former member of the Royal Shakespeare Company .
Richard Bracewell ( born 28 November 1969 ) is an English film director with UK feature film production company Punk Cinema , which he set up in 2004 with co - producer and brother Tony Bracewell .
Farshid Mesghali ( Persian : فرشید مثقالی ‎‎ , born July 1943 ) is an Iranian animator , graphic designer , illustrator , animator , and writer who has lived in the United States since 1986 .
Liu Mingyuan ( 刘明源 , pinyin : Líu Míngyuán ; 1931 - 1996 ) was a prominent Chinese musician , composer , and teacher .
Scroobius Pip ( born 3 August 1981 ) is a UK spoken word poet and hip hop recording artist from Stanford - le - Hope , Essex .
Marta Jeschke ( born 2 June 1986 in Wejherowo ) is a Polish sprinter who specializes in the 200 metres .
Toni Cucarella is the pen - name of Lluís Antoni Navarro i Cucarella , a writer born in Xàtiva , Valencia in 1959 .
Navya Nair was born on 14 October 1985 to Raju & Veena Raju who hails from Cheppad , a village near Harippad in Alleppey District .
Anne Lonsdale CBE ( née Menzies , first married name Griffin , born 16 February 1941 ) is a British sinologist and was the third President of New Hall , Cambridge .
Bob Spencer ( born 5 September 1957 ) is a guitarist who was in two significant Australian rock bands in the 1970s and 1980s , Skyhooks and The Angels .
Michael Vincent Doyle ( born 1942 ) is Professor Emeritus of the College of Agriculture and Natural Resources at Michigan State University , East Lansing , Michigan .
Dora Mazzone ( born as Dora Paula Mazzone León on 2 June 1961 ) is a Venezuelan actress .
Charles Theodore Dotter ( 1920 - -1985 ) was a pioneering US vascular radiologist who is credited with developing interventional radiology .
Yvonne Hak ( Dutch pronunciation : ( iˈvɔnə ɦɑk ) ; born 30 June 1986 ) is a Dutch middle - distance runner , who specialises in the 800 metres .
Kim Sang - wook ( born 21 April 1988 in Seoul ) is a Korean professional ice hockey left winger .
Herbert Myatt ( 1884 -- 1967 ) was an English footballer who played for Stoke .
Hildegard Körner , née Ullrich ( born 20 December 1959 in Urnshausen ) is a retired East German middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 metres .
Josip Jurčević ( born in Studenci near Imotski , 1951 ) is a Croatian historian and politician .
Dimitar Kotev ( Bulgarian : Димитър Котев ) ( born 3 March 1941 ) is a retired Bulgarian cyclist .
Philip Hobbs ( born 26 July 1955 ) is a British racehorse trainer specializing mainly in National Hunt racing .
Tham Yew Chin ( born 1950 ) , known by her pseudonym You Jin ( 尤今 ) , is a Singaporean writer .
Marin Tufan ( born 16 October 1942 ) is a former Romanian football player ; he played as a striker for FC Farul Constanţa .
Lewis Tappan ( 1788 - -1873 ) was a New York abolitionist who worked to achieve the freedom of the illegally enslaved Africans of the Amistad .
Tim Tolkien ( born September 1962 ) is an English sculptor who has designed several monumental sculptures , including the award - winning Sentinel .
Born in 1972 , Imani Sanga was educated at Chimala Primary School , Kidugala Lutheran Seminary , University of Dar es Salaam and the University of KwaZulu - Natal .
Danzyl Bruwer ( born 5 November 1976 ) is a Namibian footballer formerly with Ajax Cape Town FC in the Premier Soccer League of South Africa .
Friedrich Heinrich Zinckgraf ( 30 October 1878 -- 7 June 1954 ) was a German gallery owner , art dealer and philatelist from Munich .
Erel Margalit ( Hebrew : אראל מרגלית‎ ; born 1 January 1961 ) is an Israeli politician and a high - tech and social entrepreneur .
Will Tupou ( born 20 July 1990 in Auckland , New Zealand ) is an Australian Rugby Union player who plays for the Western Force in the Super Rugby competition .
Gabriel Lester ( Amsterdam , 6 February 1972 ) is an inventor , visual artist and film director living and working in Amsterdam .
Yang Zhaoxuan ( Chinese : 杨钊煊 ; pinyin : Yáng Zhāoxuān ; born 11 February 1995 ) is a Chinese tennis player .
Saverio Santora ( 1935 - -1987 ) , also known as `` Sammy Black '' , was a New York mobster with the Genovese crime family who briefly served as family underboss .
Peter Wynn ( born 23 December 1957 in Maitland , New South Wales ) is an Australian former professional rugby league player for the Parramatta Eels in the New South Wales Rugby League premiership competition .
Robert Hugh Buxton ( 1 July 1871 -- ? ) was an English oil and watercolour painter and illustrator .
Sean Gehon ( born 1985 in Winnipeg , Manitoba ) is a Canadian television personality who currently resides in Regina , Saskatchewan .
Tommy Harmer ( 2 February 1928 -- 25 December 2007 ) was an English footballer who played in the number 8 shirt for The Spurs .
Nenad Jovanovic ( born 9 November 1979 ) is a Serbian - Austrian footballer .
John Krogstie ( born 23 May 1967 ) is a Norwegian computer scientist , professor in information systems at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology ( NTNU ) in Trondheim , Norway , and an expert in the field of enterprise modelling .
Claire Foy ( born 16 April 1984 ) is an English actress , best known for playing the title role in the BBC One production of Little Dorrit , Anna in the 2011 film Season of the Witch , Erin Matthews in the Channel 4 series The Promise , and Anne Boleyn in BBC2 's Wolf Hall .
Vladimir Božović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Bлaдимиp Бoжoвић , born 13 November 1981 ) is a Montenegrin football left back playing with OFK Beograd in the Serbian SuperLiga .
Cornel Milan ( born 8 September 1971 ) is a Romanian fencer and fencing coach .
Jonathan Maitland ( born 1961 ) is a British playwright , broadcaster and author .
Jassem Alwan ( Arabic : جاسم علوان‎ given name also spelled Jasim ) ( born 1928 ) was a prominent colonel in the Syrian Army , particularly during the period of the United Arab Republic ( UAR ) ( 1958 - -1961 ) when he served as the Commander of the Qatana Base near Damascus .
Roger Kenyon ( born 4 January 1949 ) is an English footballer who played for Everton between 1967 and 1979 .
Jordi Murphy ( born 22 April 1991 ) is an Irish international rugby player .
Lei Tenglong ( simplified Chinese : 雷腾龙 ; traditional Chinese : 雷騰龍 ; pinyin : Léi Ténglóng ; born 17 January 1991 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Beijing Guoan in the Chinese Super League .
Sanam Puri ( born 30 June 1992 ) is an Indian singer and the lead vocalist of the band , Sanam .
Annelore Zinke ( born 10 December 1958 in Lauchhammer , Brandenburg ) is a German gymnast who competed for the SC Dynamo Berlin/ Sportvereinigung ( SV ) Dynamo .
Robert V. Gentry ( born 1933 ) is a nuclear physicist and young Earth creationist , known for his claims that radiohalos provide evidence for a young age of the Earth .
Hossam Salama `` Paulo '' ( Arabic : `` حسام سلامة ' ' باولو‎ ) ( born 15 November 1983 ) is an Egyptian footballer who plays for Smouha in the Egyptian Premier League .
Andrew Moloney ( born 10 January 1991 in Mitcham , Victoria ) is an amateur boxer from Australia .
Christie Watson ( born 1976 ) is a British novelist whose novel Tiny Sunbirds Far Away won the Costa First Novel Award in the 2011 Costa Book Awards .
Sir James Cockburn , 8th Baronet ( c. 1729 -- 26 July 1804 ) was a Member of the Parliament of Great Britain for Linlithgow Burghs from 1772 to 1784 .
Sheree Mutton ( born 26 August 1988 ) is an Australian journalist , magazine editor and television presenter .
Jean - Baptiste Romuald Fiset ( 7 February 1843 -- 5 January 1917 ) was a Canadian physician and parliamentarian .
Alan Bernheimer ( born in 1948 New York City ) , is an American poet , often associated with the San Francisco Language poets .
Paul Jesson ( born Paul George Jackson , 6 July 1946 ) is an English stage , television and film actor and an Associate Artist of the Royal Shakespeare Company .
Tamás Básthy ( born 17 December 1943 ) is a Hungarian agronomist and politician , who served as mayor of Kőszeg between 1990 and 2002 .
Tom Junod ( born in 1958 ) is an American journalist .
Léon Fauché ( born Briey ( Meurthe - et - Moselle ) in 1868 - 1950 ) was a French painter who in 1901 , with Anquetin , organised the Salon des Refusés at the Pavillon des Arts Décoratifs , and founded the Association The Studio ( L'Atelier ) with Armand Point .
Andrea Giovannini ( born 27 August 1993 ) is an Italian speed skater .
Arthur Lampkin ( born circa 1938 ) is an English former professional motorcycle racer .
Annette Page ( born 1932 ) is an English former ballerina .
Fernando José da Cunha Neto ( born 27 January 1993 ) , simply known as Fernando is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Macaé , on loan from Fluminense , as a left back .
Christos Tasoulis ( Greek : Χρήστος Τασουλής ; born 3 May 1991 ) is a Greek professional footballer who plays for Panionios .
Michael J. Skindell ( born 1962 ) is the state Senator for the 23rd District of the Ohio Senate .
Jerry Bledsoe ( born 1941 ) is an American author and journalist known for several true crime titles based on murders in his native state of North Carolina .
Vera McKechnie ( born 1929 ) was one of the first presenters at the start of BBC Children 's Television in the early 1950s .
John T. Arundel ( 1 September 1841 -- 30 November 1919 ) was an English entrepreneur who was instrumental in the development of the mining of phosphate rock on the Pacific islands of Nauru and Banaba ( Ocean Island ) .
František Raboň ( born 26 September 1983 ) is a Czech mountain biker for the Specialized Racing Factory Mountain Bike Team .
Nariko Enomoto 榎本ナリコ ( born 1967 ) is a manga author and manga critic who uses this name for children 's and women 's magazines .
Jean Elliot ( April 1727 -- 29 March 1805 ) , also known as Jane Elliot , was a Scottish poetess .
Oliver Boberg ( born 1965 ) is a German artist , working with photography and video , whose work has been exhibited internationally .
Pashukeni Shoombe ( born 12 December 1936 in Ohangwena Region ) is a Namibian politician and educator .
Brad Stine ( born 1960 ) is an American stand - up comedian , actor , and author .
Julian Wastall ( 18 September 1958 -- 11 January 1994 ) was a composer working in film and TV including the successful Granada TV series Cracker ( 1993 ) and The Lost Language of Cranes ( 1991 ) .
Dražen Mužinić ( born 25 January 1953 ) is a former Croatian professional footballer Mužinić spent most of his career in his native Yugoslavia .
Libby Houston ( born 9 December 1941 ) is an English poet , botanist , and rock climber .
Richard Ames Hart ( October 17 , 1946 - - ) is an American Web writer .
Sandra Ann Rivera Talag , popularly known as Sandy Talag ( born 1998 ) is a Filipina child actress .
Zhong Mian ( Chinese : 钟勉 ; pinyin : Zhōng Miǎn ; born May 1963 ) is a Chinese politician from Sichuan province who served as the executive vice governor of the province between 2013 and 2015 ; since May 2015 , he has served as the Deputy Party Secretary of Yunnan province .
Anton Mordasov is a Russian pianist , born in Novosibirsk in 1972 .
Edward Salwey ( born 1603 ) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1659 .
Leon Balogun ( born 28 June 1988 ) is a German - born Nigerian professional football defender who plays for 1 .
June Stephenson née Moorhouse ( born 30 January 1943 , Bradford , Yorkshire ) played 12 test matches for the England women 's cricket team between 1966 and 1976 .
Marc Twagirumukiza ( born 1973 , in Rwanda ) is a Belgian physician and a senior clinical researcher in the field of Clinical Pharmacology , Cardiovascular , Bioinformatics and Semantic Web in Health Sciences .
Tom Weston - Jones ( born 29 June 1987 ) is an English actor , known for his starring role as Irish immigrant Detective Kevin Corcoran in the BBC America television series Copper ( 2012 ) .
Go Nagaoka ( born 23 May 1984 ) is a Japanese professional footballer who last played as a striker for Latvian club SK Blāzma .
Rodrigo Riera ( 19 September 1923 -- 19 August 1999 ) , was a Venezuelan guitarist and composer .
Fernand Daoust ( born 26 October 1926 ) is a trade unionist in Quebec .
Marika Savšek ( born c. 1986 ) is a Slovenian beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Slovenije and represented her country in Miss Universe 2010 .
Maurizio Perissinot ( 1 February 1951 -- 12 December 2004 ) was an Italian rally co - driver , mainly for Attilio Bettega .
Christine Wallace ( born 1960 ) is an Australian political journalist and biographer .
John Nicolas Coldstream , FBA , FSA ( 30 March 1927 -- 21 March 2008 ) was an archaeologist and academic specialising in the Ancient Greek pottery of the Geometric Period .
Lieutenant - Colonel Robert Leycester Haymes DSO ( 31 December 1870 -- 16 May 1942 ) was a Lieutenant - Colonel in the British Army , Commander of the 6th Siege Battery during World War I and one of the first officers to establish an O.P. at the Battle of Neuve Chapelle .
Fernando Bermudez ( born February 13 , 1969 ) is a New York City resident who was convicted , and later acquitted , in 1992 of murdering a teenage boy in New York City 's Greenwich Village neighborhood .
George Konheim ( 1917 - -2001 ) was an American real estate developer and philanthropist .
Khan Chittenden ( born in 1983 in New Zealand ) is a New Zealand - born Australian actor .
Gabriel Jackson ( born . 1963 ) , better known by his stage name Spoonie Gee is one of the earliest rap artists , and one of the few rap artists to release records in the 1970s .
Dawn Okoro ( b. 1980 , in Houston ) , is an artist who paints figurative art works inspired by fashion and popular culture .
Bernie Massey ( born 12 August 1939 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the 1960s .
Max Josef Metzger ( 3 February 1887 -- 17 April 1944 ) was a Catholic priest and leading German pacifist who was executed by the Nazis during World War II .
Moussa Sow ( born 19 January 1986 ) is a professional footballer who plays for Al - Ahli , as a striker .
Ivo de Figueiredo ( born 30 April 1966 ) is a Norwegian historian , biographer and literary critic .
Sébastien Pocognoli ( born 1 August 1987 ) is a Belgian international footballer who plays professionally for English club West Bromwich Albion , as a left back .
Ibrahim Haddad ( Arabic : ابراهيم حداد‎ ) ( born 1938 ) is a Syrian politician who served as minister of oil and mineral reserves from December 2001 to February 2006 .
Geoff Whitton ( born 1 February 1942 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Sadun Boro ( 1928 -- June 5 , 2015 ) was the first Turkish amateur sailor to circumnavigate the globe by sailing .
Richard Price ( 23 February 1723 -- 19 April 1791 ) was a Welsh moral philosopher , nonconformist preacher and mathematician .
Norman Gordon ( 6 August 1911 -- 2 September 2014 ) was a South African cricketer who played in five Tests in the 1938 - -39 South African cricket season .
Gervase of Melkley or Gervase of Melkeley ( born c. 1185 , fl . 1200 - -1219 ) was a French scholar and poet .
Ian Marber , born 1963 , is a nutrition therapist , well - known author and one of the founders of The Food Doctor , developing the brand from its inception in 1999 until his departure in December 2011 .
Lincoln Withers ( born 7 May 1981 in Canberra , Australian Capital Territory ) was an Australian professional rugby league footballer for the Hull Kingston Rovers of Europe 's Super League .
Charles Robert Wolle ( born 16 October 1935 ) is a former justice of the Iowa Supreme Court who currently serves as a senior federal judge on the United States District Court for the Southern District of Iowa .
Jim Robison ( born 1942 ) is a professional American bridge and poker player from Los Angeles , California .
Chen Sing - an ( Chinese : 陳信安 , born in 1962 ) is a Taiwanese football manager .
Henry Bosch AO ( born 20 January 1931 ) is an Australian businessman , CEO , Chairman and Governance advocate .
Ted Saskin ( born c. 1959 ) is the former NHL Players Association executive director .
Lucimar Teodoro ( born 1 May 1981 ) is a Brazilian track and field athlete who specialises in the 400 metres sprint and the 400 metres hurdles .
Meng Qianqian ( Chinese : 孟倩倩 ; born 6 January 1991 ) is a Chinese track and field athlete who competes in the women 's shot put .
Crawfurd Adamson ( b . Edinburgh 1953 ) is a noted figurative artist from Scotland , although he has spent much of his career in the South of England .
Tereza Budková ( born 24 September 1990 in Sezimovo Ústí , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech model and beauty queen who the 1st runner - up of Czech Miss 2009 , the Czech national beauty pageant which selects candidates for the international beauty competitions Miss Universe , Miss Earth , and Miss Intercontinental .
Malcolm Martineau , OBE ( born 3 February 1960 ) is a Scottish pianist who is particularly noted as an accompanist .
Ellis Hooks ( born 1974 ) is an American soul blues and electric blues singer and songwriter , who has released six albums to date .
Leon Jooste ( born 18 February 1969 in Grootfontein , Otjozondjupa Region ) is a Namibian politician and businessperson .
Marc D. Angel ( born July 1945 ) is rabbi emeritus of Congregation Shearith Israel , the historic Spanish and Portuguese Synagogue in New York City .
Moira Buffini ( born 1965 ) is an English dramatist , director , and actor .
Shih Wing - ching ( Chinese : 施永青 ; pinyin : Shī Yǒngqīng ; Cantonese Yale : Shih1 Wing5 Ching1 ; born 17 March 1949 in Shanghai ) is a Hong Kong businessman .
Charles Tersolo ( born 1974 in Rochester , New Hampshire ) is a Boston artist and member of the Copley Society of Art . He paints much of his works outdoors , or en plein air in the tradition of Corot , Monet , and American Impressionists such as Childe Hassam .
Frank Almaguer ( born 1945 ) is a United States diplomat and career Foreign Service Officer .
Dipya Mongkollugsana ( Thai : ทิพย์ มงคลลักษณ์ , born 12 October 1918 ) is a Thai oral surgeon , naval commander ( as of 1969 ) and former sports shooter .
Alan Clay ( born 1954 , Whanganui , New Zealand ) is a film director , writer and clown teacher .
Katerina Cizek ( born 1969 ) is a Canadian documentary filmmaker and web creator .
Xander Houtkoop ( born 26 March 1989 ) is a Dutch professional footballer of half Indonesian descent , who currently plays as a winger for SC Cambuur in the Dutch Eredivisie .
Myron Thompson ( born 23 April 1936 ) is a former Conservative Member of Parliament in the Canadian House of Commons .
Eric Ashton MBE ( 24 January 1935 -- 20 March 2008 ) was an English professional Rugby League World Cup - winning footballer of the 1950s and ' 60s and later a coach .
Julien Ranouil ( born 26 January 1981 ) , known by his stage name Pakito , is a French electronic dance music artist .
Kinji Akagawa ( born 1940 , Tokyo , Japan ) is an American sculptor and arts educator best known for sculptural constructions that also serve a practical function .
Kenji Urai ( 浦井健治 Urai Kenji born 6 August 1981 ) is a Japanese TV , stage and voice actor .
Lisa Hopkins Seegmiller ( born 1978 ) , credited as Lisa Hopkins until 2008 , is an American classical singer and actress from Simi Valley , California .
Mohd Fadzli Saari ( born on 1 January 1983 ) is a Malaysian footballer who is a striker for Felcra F.C ..
Mamadou Diawara ( born 26 July 1989 ) is a French footballer playing for Primeira Liga team Belenenses .
Nicole Zahnd ( born 22 September 1980 ) is a retired Swiss swimmer , who specialized in sprint freestyle events .
Kate Lamont ( born 1962 ) is an Australian cook , political aspirant and author .
Allan Graf ( born c. 1949 ) , also known as Allan L. Graf , is an American athlete , film actor , stuntman and director with more than 35 years ' experience in the film making industry .
Davis Chirchir ( born c. 1960 ) is a Kenyan politician who was nominated by President Uhuru Kenyatta as Cabinet Secretary for Energy and Petroleum on 25 April 2013 .
Emily Coleman ( 1899 - 1974 ) was an American born writer , and a lifelong compulsive diary keeper .
Freddie Scappaticci ( born c. 1946 ) is a purported former high - level double agent in the Provisional Irish Republican Army ( IRA ) , known by the codename Stakeknife .
Liu Jingmin ( Chinese : 刘敬民 ; b. January 1952 ) is the Vice Mayor of Beijing , and Executive Vice President of the Beijing Organizing Committee for the Games of the XXIX Olympiad .
Karen Wilkin ( born 1940 ) is a New York - based independent curator and art critic specializing in 20th - century modernism .
Marion Verbruggen ( born 1950 ) is a Dutch recorder player and teacher .
Peter Tippett ( born 1953 in Dearborn , Michigan ) is an American physician , researcher , and inventor known for contributions to information security , clinical medicine , and technology .
Csaba Vastag ( born in Budapest on 11 February 1982 ) is a Hungarian musician , who won the first ever series of the Hungarian X - Faktor in 2010 .
Wagner Marseille ( born 13 September 1970 ) is a retired Haiti athlete who specialised in the 110 metres hurdles .
Lucy Evans ( born 26 May 1985 ) is an actress best known for playing the role of Lauren Wilson in Coronation Street in 2007 - -2008 .
Urbain Audibert ( 27 February 1789 -- 22 July 1846 ) was a French nurseryman .
Demétrius Montanini ( born 18 March 1971 ) , simply known as Demétrius , is a retired Brazilian professional footballer who played as a striker .
Jarmo Matikainen ( born 21 February 1960 ) is a Finnish football player and coach , who formerly managed the Wales women 's national football team .
Jason Farnham ( born 1975 ) is an American composer , performer , and record producer .
Kabelo Mabalane ( born 15 December 1976 ) known by his stage name as Kabelo or Bouga Luv is a South African kwaito musician , songwriter and actor .
Zid Abou Hamed ( Arabic : زيد أبو حامد ; born 22 April 1970 ) is an Australian - Syrian former track and field athlete who specialized in the 400 metres hurdles .
Edward Sexton ( born 9 November 1942 in Dagenham , Essex ) is a British Savile Row tailor , fashion designer and manufacturing consultant .
Erwin Neher ( born 20 March 1944 ) is a German biophysicist , specializing in the field of cell physiology .
Lin Qingfeng ( Chinese : 林清峰 ; pinyin : Lín Qīngfēng ; born 26 January 1989 ) is a Chinese weightlifter .
Kati Kovács ( born 25 October 1944 ) , is a Ferenc Liszt and Kossuth Award - winning Hungarian pop - rock singer , performer , lyricist and actress .
Jean - Marie Balestre ( 9 April 1921 -- 27 March 2008 ) was a French auto racing executive administrator , who became President of the Fédération Internationale du Sport Automobile ( FISA ) from 1978 to 1991 and President of the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile ( FIA ) from 1985 to 1993 .
Kenny Kosek , born in 1949 in The Bronx , New York , is an American fiddler who plays bluegrass , country , klezmer , folk music and roots music .
Rev. Jerome Dhas Varuvel , SDB , was born 21 October 1951 in Paduvoor in the diocese of Kottar .
Charles Léa Eyoum ( born 16 January 1951 ) is a Cameroonian retired professional football player and manager .
Rieneke Terink ( born 13 March 1984 , Hengelo , Gelderland ) is a Dutch swimmer who mainly specializes in freestyle and medley .
Lucas Finazzi ( born 18 August 1990 ) is an Italian Brazilian footballer who plays for Italian Serie C club Cremonese , on loan from Grosseto .
Vjekoslav Perica ( born 11 July 1955 ) is a Croatian historian , journalist and writer who specializes in the modern history of religions in the former Yugoslavia .
Lionel Eguienta ( 1959 - -2010 ) , known by the stage name Lionel D , was a French radio host and rapper .
Yang Jiawei ( Chinese : 杨家威 ; Pinyin : Yáng Jiāwēi ; born 4 January 1992 ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Shanghai Shenxin .
Ayesha Quraishi , also known as just Ayesha , born 8 July 1981 in Botswana , is a Swedish performance artist .
Nicklas Söderblom ( born 1968 in Sweden ) is a personal trainer , actor , and author currently residing in Los Angeles , USA .
Deborah Stedman - Scott , Baroness Stedman - Scott , OBE , DL , FRSA ( born 23 November 1955 ) is a Conservative member of the House of Lords and the former Chief Executive Officer of Tomorrow 's People Trust .
Alex Lester ( born Alexander Norman Charles Lester , 11 May 1956 , Walsall , England ) is a British broadcaster .
Louis Briffa ( born in Attard 1971 ) is a Maltese poet .
Rhyll McMaster ( born 1947 in Brisbane ) is a contemporary Australian poet and novelist .
Dr Gordon Briscoe AO ( born in 1938 ) is an Indigenous Australian academic and activist .
General Gheorghe Catrina ( born 30 October 1953 , in Bălceşti , Vâlcea County ) was the chief of the Romanian Air Force Staff until 12 March 2007 .
Ann Powers ( born 4 February 1964 ) is an American writer and pop music critic .
Roberto Eduardo Carboni ( born 8 April 1985 in Bernal ) is an Argentine football player , who currently playing for FBC Melgar in Peru .
Maxime Brunerie ( born 21 May 1977 ) is a man who attempted to assassinate French President Jacques Chirac on July 14 , 2002 in Paris , during the Bastille Day parade on the Champs - Élysées .
Richard Imison ( born 31 October 1936 -- 9 February 1993 ) was Script Editor for BBC Radio Drama from 1963 to 1991 .
Cameron Davidson ( born 1955 ) is an American photographer from Washington D.C. who have published his work in such magazines as Vanity Fair , National Geographic , Smithsonian , WIRED , Preservation , Departures , Smithsonian Air & Space and Outside .
Sonia Mkoloma ( born 17 January 1979 in London ) is an English international netball player .
Nikos Pantelis ( Greek : Νίκος Παντέλης ; born 6 October 1959 ) is a retired football player who manages Paniliakos in the Football League .
Zulkifli Abdhir ( 1966 -- 25 January 2015 ) was a Malaysian who was one of the FBI Most Wanted Terrorists .
Walter Atkinson ( 31 August 1920 - June 2009 ) was a former professional footballer who made a single appearance for Norwich City on 2 April 1952 against Southend United at Carrow Road , playing at right half .
Mona Siddiqui , OBE , FRSE , FRSA ( born 3 May 1963 ) is a British Muslim academic .
Charmian Hussey ( born 1939 ) is an author of children 's literature .
Nimrod Bichler ( born 6 October 1974 ) is an Israeli wheelchair tennis coach .
Henry Furneaux ( 26 June 1829 -- 7 January 1900 ) was a British classical scholar at the University of Oxford , specialising in the writings of the Roman historian Tacitus .
Driton Latifi ( born 29 January 1978 in Pristina , Yugoslavia , now Kosovo ) is a Kosovar and Albanian sports journalist .
Charles Kernaghan ( born c. 1948 ) is the executive director of the Institute for Global Labour and Human Rights , formerly known as the National Labor Committee in Support of Human and Worker Rights ( ) , currently headquartered in Pittsburgh .
Nanda Thein Zan ( Burmese : နန္ဒာသိန်းစံ ; 21 February 1947 -- 14 August 2011 ) was a well - known author from Burma who wrote on philosophy and Buddhism .
Luca Puccinelli ( born on 11 July 1973 in Viareggio , Province of Lucca ) is an Italian retired footballer and agent .
Paul Lewthwaite ( born 1969 , Douglas , Isle of Man ) is a sculptor working internationally , based in the UK .
Gino Fano ( 5 January 1871 -- 8 November 1952 ) was an Italian mathematician , best known as the founder of the finite geometry .
Wilfried Böse ( 1949 -- July 4 , 1976 ) was a founding member of the German far - left organization Revolutionary Cells .
Biff Mitchell ( born 1947 ) is a novelist , satirist , and humorist .
Mariya Ryemyen ( Ukrainian : Марія Рємєнь ; born 2 August 1987 ) is a Ukrainian sprint athlete who specializes in the 100 metres .
Richard Gendall is a British expert on the Cornish language , born in 1924 .
Peter Kupferschmidt ( born 2 March 1942 ) is a German footballer who played for Bayern Munich during the 1960s .
Peter Manson ( born 1969 ) is a contemporary Scottish poet .
Carl Thackery ( born 14 October 1962 in Sheffield / UK ) is a retired British long - distance runner in the 1980s and 1990s .
Alexander Gehbauer ( born 24 April 1990 ) is an Austrian cross - country mountain biker .
Aniela Miączyńska ( 1731- ? ) was a Polish noble lady .
Jakey Kovac ( 1896 - -1937 ) was the oldest of four siblings .
Adjoa Andoh ( born 14 January 1963 ) is a British film , television , stage and radio actress .
Marina Tsintikidou ( Greek : Μαρίνα Τσιντικίδου , born 1971 ) is a Greek fashion model and presenter who has appeared on the covers of numerous Greek fashion magazines such as MAX . She won the title of `` Star Hellas '' ( Σταρ Ελλάς ) in the Miss Star Hellas pageant in 1992 .
Eva Stotz ( born 5 June 1979 in Isny i m Allgäu ) is a German documentary film maker and director .
Sara Topelson de Grinberg ( assumedly born in the beginning of 1945 ) is a Polish - born Mexican architect .
Nell Freudenberger ( born 1975 New York ) is an American novelist .
Luciano Silva da Silva ( born 13 June 1987 ) , simply known as Luciano Silva is a Brazilian professional footballer playing for Yuen Long in the Hong Kong First Division as a center back .
Simon Hullihen MD , DDS ( 1810 - 1857 ) was a dental surgeon born in western Pennsylvania .
Haydn Sully , born at Sampford Brett , Williton , Somerset on 1 November 1939 and died at Exeter , Devon on 14 December 2006 , was a first - class cricketer who played for Somerset and Northamptonshire .
Godwin Mawuru ( 15 July 1961 -- 24 May 2013 ) was a Zimbabwean director and producer .
Des Hasler ( German : Des Häßler ; born 16 February 1961 in Gosford , New South Wales ) is an Australian former professional rugby league player and current head coach of the Canterbury - Bankstown Bulldogs .
Patricia Conolly ( born 29 August 1933 ) is an Australian stage actress .
Fikrat Goja ( Azerbaijani : Fikrət Qoca , born 1935 in Agdash ) , is an Azerbaijani poet .
Morten Nordstrand Nielsen ( born 8 June 1983 ) is a Danish professional football player , who plays as a striker for the A - League side Newcastle Jets .
William D. Howell ( 1797 - -1836 ) was an American surgeon who died as a defender of the Alamo in 1836 .
Scarlotte Deupree Kilgore ( born 1980 ) held the title of Miss Alabama 2002 and was 1st runner - up to Miss America 2003 .
Ludo Graham ( born 26 May 1961 ) is a British television producer and director .
Henry Gowa ( 25 May 1902 -- 23 May 1990 ) was a German painter and stage designer .
Blue Curry ( b. Nassau , Bahamas , 1974 ) is an artist living and working in London , UK who works primarily in sculptural assemblage and installation art .
Alan Ramsbottom ( born 30 April 1936 ) was a professional racing cyclist from Clayton - le - Moors , England , who twice rode the Tour de France .
Alen Bokšić ( pronounced ( alen bokʃitɕ ) ; born 21 January 1970 ) is a former Croatian football player .
Jiří Lipták ( born 30 March 1982 in Brno ) is a Czech trap shooter .
Friedrich Anton Ulrich , Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont ( German : Friedrich Anton Ulrich Fürst zu Waldeck und Pyrmont ; 27 November 1676 -- 1 January 1728 ) was the first reigning Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont from 1712 to 1728 .
Alok Shrivastava born on 5 March 1964 in Gwalior ( MP ) .
Daniel P. Meyer ( born 1965 ) is the former director for whistleblowing and transparency ( DW&T ) to the Inspector General of the Defense Department .
Xiao Tao Sheng ( 萧涛生 ) ( born 1946 ) is a Chinese painter who specializes in portraying Chinese culture through his Western - style oil paintings , called East in West paintings .
John Sankey , 1st Viscount Sankey GBE KStJ PC KC ( 26 October 1866 -- 6 February 1948 ) was a British lawyer , judge , Labour politician and Lord Chancellor of Great Britain , famous for many of his judgments in the House of Lords .
Steen Raskopoulos ( born 3 July 1987 ) is an Australian comedian , actor and improviser .
Colonel Necabettin Ergenekon ( born 1926 , in Erzurum ) is a Turkish Army officer who retired in 1982 , having been commander of the Turkish Gendarmerie in Adıyaman Province after the 1980 Turkish coup d'état .
Celia Graham ( born in 1976 ) is a musical theatre actor .
Hieronymus Medices ( or De Medicis ) , was a Roman Catholic philosopher and interpreter of the works of Thomas Aquinas ; b. 1569 in Camerino , Umbria , the origin of his surname de Medicis a Camerino .
Mo Furu ( Chinese : 莫福如 ) ( 1906 - -1969 ) was a Kuomintang major - general from Guangdong and a subordinate of Chen Jitang .
Nicos Katsourides ( Greek : Νίκος Κατσουρίδης ; born 14 December 1951 ) is a Cypriot politician .
Matteo Bono ( born 11 November 1983 in Ome ) is an Italian road bicycle racer who rides for Lampre - Merida in the UCI World Tour .
Peter Lenderink ( born 11 February 1996 ) is a Dutch road cyclist riding for the Rabobank Development Team .
Bernadette Bascom ( born 1962 ) , Baltimore ) is an American R&B singer .
Moussa Nébié ( born 8 September 1959 ) is a Burkinabé diplomat who was Minister of Foreign Affairs of Burkina Faso from July 2015 to January 2016 .
Andreas Boltz ( born 13 July 1964 ) is a German church musician and composer .
Miroslav Grebeníček ( born 21 March 1947 in Staré Město ) is a Czech politician and former leader of the Communist Party of Bohemia and Moravia ( KSČM ) .
Wei Zongwan ( simplified Chinese : 魏宗万 ; traditional Chinese : 魏宗萬 ; pinyin : Weì Zōngwàn ; born 24 November 1938 ) is a Chinese actor .
Susno Duadji ( born 1 July 1954 in Pagar Alam , South Sumatra ) was the head of Indonesian National Police 's Crime Investigation Agency ( Bareskrim ) until his resignation on 5 November 2009 .
Tomáš Rezek ( born 9 May 1984 ) is a professional Czech football player who currently plays for SK Převýšov .
JJ Breet ( born 14 June 1991 ) is a South African rugby union player , who was most recently contracted to the Pumas .
Edward Walter Clark III ( 1885 -- November 16 , 1939 ) , was an investment banker with E. W. Clark & Co.
Leiv Heggstad ( 24 March 1879 -- 8 March 1954 ) was a Norwegian educator , linguist and translator .
Antonin Nantel ( 17 September 1839 -- 30 July 1929 ) was a Canadian Roman Catholic priest , teacher , school administrator , and author .
Frederic Anderton ( born 8 December 1931 ) is an English first class cricketer who played his games for Cambridge University Cricket Club .
Gaspar de Bono i Manzón , O.M. , ( 5 January 1530 -- 14 July 1604 ) was a Spanish friar of the Order of Minims and Catholic priest .
Pomponia Ummidia ( 219-after 275 ) was an Anatolian Roman noblewoman and was a prominent figure in Rome during the reigns of the Roman Emperors Gallienus , Claudius Gothicus , Quintillus and Aurelian .
Jaroslav Erik Frič ( August 14 , 1949 , Horní Libina by Šumperk ) is a Moravian poet , musician , publisher and organizer of underground culture festivals .
Will Birch ( born 12 September 1948 ) is an English music journalist , songwriter , record producer and drummer .
Benjamin Scott ( 1814 - -1892 ) served as Chamberlain of the City of London from 1858 until his death , as well as being a committed social activist .
Mookie Tenembaum ( born 1955 ) is an Argentine born polymath ; philosopher , lawyer , inventor , conceptual multidiciplinary artist and a radio host .
Karni Singh Rathore ( 1953 - -2005 ) was a member of the Indian Army and recipient of the Kirti Chakra award .
Vedran Mimica ( Zagreb , 1954 ) is a Croatian architect and educator who is perhaps best known for being the last director of the Berlage Institute in Rotterdam , the Netherlands , from 2002 - 2012 .
George M. Williamson ( born May 9 , 1892 in Port Jefferson , New York ) was an American architect .
Nyam - Osoryn Tuyaa ( Mongolian : Mongolian : Ням-Осорын Туяa ; born 1958 ) is a former Mongolian politician , and the acting Prime Minister from 22 to 30 July 1999 .
Joyce Young ( born c. 1925 ) is a Canadian woman famous for a single act of philanthropy .
Werner Burger ( born 1958 ) is a German football coach , formerly the assistant manager at SPL side Heart of Midlothian F.C. He joined up with former Hearts manager Csaba Laszlo , at Tynecastle on 5 August 2008 .
Philip Wilder ( born 1968 ) is an American counter - tenor and business manager best known for his recording and concert career with the a cappella ensemble Chanticleer .
Harold Ernest Forster ( 1869 -- September 26 , 1940 ) was a rancher , miner and political figure in British Columbia .
Christopher Janney ( born 1950 ) is an American composer / artist / architect known for his work on the interrelation of architecture and music .
Dušan Kerkez ( Serbian Cyrillic : Душан Керекез , born 1 May 1976 ) is a Bosnian international footballer .
Jatindra Mohan Sengupta was born on 22 February 1885 to a prominent , land - owner ( Zamindar ) family of Barama , in Chittagong district of British India ( now in Chittagong in Bangladesh ) .
Mario di Calasio ( 1550 in Calasion , Abruzzi , Italy -- February 1 , 1620 in Ara Coeli ) was an Italian Minorite friar .
Matt Salter ( born 2 December 1976 in Greenwich , London ) is an English retired rugby union and professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s .
Kathryn Beck ( born 1 March 1986 ) is an Australian television and theatre actress .
Dr. Gergely Bárándy ( born 28 November 1976 ) is a Hungarian lawyer and politician , member of the National Assembly since 2006 .
Wanjiru Kihoro ( 1953 -- 12 October 2006 ) was an economist , writer and feminist activist from Kenya .
James Peter Allen ( born 1945 ) is an American Egyptologist , specializing in language and religion .
Frederick II , Duke of Mecklenburg - Schwerin , called the Pious ( German : Friedrich II Herzog von Mecklenburg - Schwerin ; 9 November 1717 -- 21 April 1785 ) was Duke of Mecklenburg - Schwerin from 1756 until his death .
Alex Benno ( 2 November 1873 -- 2 April 1952 ) was a Dutch film actor , screenwriter and director of the silent era .
Sir Richard Heron , 1st Baronet ( 1726 -- 18 January 1805 ) was a politician in the Kingdom of Ireland .
Darius Kaiser ( born 15 October 1961 ) is a Polish - born German racing cyclist .
Sir Patience Ward ( 1629 - -1696 ) was an English merchant and early Whig politician .
Louis Willems ( 25 April 1822 , Hasselt - 21 January 1907 , Hasselt ) was a Belgian doctor , and one of the pioneers of bacteriology and immunology .
Diego López II de Haro called the Good or the Bad ( b. 1162 -- 16 October 1214 ) .
John McCormack ( born 11 December 1944 ) , better known as Young McCormack , is an Irish former boxer who was Irish and British light heavyweight champion in the 1960s .
Ildebrando Zacchini ( 1868 - July 17 , 1948 , Tampa , Florida ) was a Maltese - born painter , inventor , and travelling circus owner .
Richard Restak ( born 1942 ) is an American neurologist , neuropsychiatrist , author and professor .
Bjørn Tveter ( born 13 June 1944 ) is a former Norwegian speed skater who competed internationally in the 1960s and 1970s .
Nicklas Barker formerly Berg ( born 9 July 1969 ) is a Swedish musician best known as the founder , guitarist , vocalist and keyboardist of the progressive rock band Anekdoten .
Sophia Flörsch ( sometimes spelt Floersch , born 1 December 2000 ) is a racing driver from Germany .
Edgard Monge ( born 1965 ) is a native of Nicaragua who is serving a ten - year sentence in Kingston Penitentiary , Ontario , Canada , for four counts of aggravated assault after he knowingly had unprotected sex while HIV infected and failed to inform his four sexual partners .
Hank Cramer ( born 1953 ) is an American folk singer .
Tom Mullens ( 13 April 1900 -- 9 August 1961 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Footscray in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Jon Amiel ( born 20 May 1948 ) is an English film director who has since the early 1980s worked in film and television in both the UK and the US .
Hans Popper ( 24 November 1903 - 6 May 1988 ) was a pathologist , hepatologist and teacher .
Richard Colvin Cox ( 25 July 1928 -- last seen 14 January 1950 ) was a second - year military cadet whose disappearance from the United States Military Academy at West Point , New York , in 1950 is still unsolved .
Herman de Neyt ( Antwerp , 12 March 1588 - -Delft , 8 September 1642 ) was a painter and art dealer active in Antwerp .
Teyba Erkesso Wako ( born 30 October 1982 in Arsi ) is an Ethiopian runner who specializes in road running ( including the half marathon and marathon ) as well as cross - country running .
Hay Petrie ( 16 July 1895 - 30 July 1948 ) , born David Hay Petrie , was a Scottish actor noted for playing eccentric characters , among them Quilp in The Old Curiosity Shop ( 1935 ) , the McLaggen in The Ghost Goes West ( 1935 ) and Uncle Pumblechook in Great Expectations ( 1946 ) .
Charles George James Burge , Q.C. ( 8 October 1906 -- 6 September 1990 in London , England ) was an English criminal law barrister , most noted for his defence of Stephen Ward in the controversial Profumo Affair in 1963 .
Dave Stetson ( born 1946 in Pittsburg , California ) is co - creator and founding member of the Caricature Carvers of America .
Ruth Rix ( born 1942 ) is an artist based in Brighton , England , who works across the visual arts , with a particular interest in painting .
Charley Pierce ( c. 1866 -- May 2 , 1895 ) was an American outlaw in the American Old West who rode with both the Dalton Gang and the Doolin Dalton Gang during the 1890s .
Loy Stewart ( 19 May 1927 -- 19 August 2010 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the early 1950s .
Edward Laurillard ( 20 April 1870 -- 7 May 1936 ) was a cinema and theatre producer in London and New York during the first third of the 20th century .
María Dussauge Ortiz ( born 2 August 1937 ) , commonly known as María Duval , is a Mexican actress and singer who has worked in film , television , and the stage .
Anna Maria Sandri ( born 10 August 1936 ) , credited under the name Maria Sandri , is an Italian actress who portrayed the daughter of a Bedouin sheikh , Mabrouka ben Yussef , in The Black Tent .
Frank Siersleben ( born 8 December 1960 ) is a former football player turned manager .
Jasper Pääkkönen ( born 15 July 1980 ) is a Finnish film actor who has appeared and starred in over 15 films .
George Greig ( 13 April 1871 - 22 November 1940 ) was a Scottish businessman , local politician and football player and manager .
Derek Hamilton ( born 26 August 1958 ) is a Scottish former football player , known for playing for St. Mirren .
Choi Yun - hee ( Korean : 최윤희 ; born 25 May 1986 ) is a South Korean track and field athlete who competes in the women 's pole vault .
Srđan Cerović ( born 7 March 1971 ) is a retired football player and manager .
Shlomo Hillel ( Hebrew : שלמה הלל‎ , born 23 April 1923 ) is an Iraqi - born Israeli diplomat and politician who served as Speaker of the Knesset , Minister of Police and Minister of Internal Affairs .
Thorsten Fink ( born 29 October 1967 ) is a former German footballer and the current manager of FK Austria Wien .
Raffaele Schiavi ( born 15 March 1986 in Cava dei Tirreni ) is an Italian footballer , who plays as a centre back for Salernitana .
Arthur Forbes , 1st Earl of Granard ( 1623 - -1696 ) was a Scottish soldier in Ireland .
Phua Leng Leng ( born 25 June 1970 ) , better known as Pan Lingling , is a Singaporean actress best known for acting in many Chinese - language television dramas produced by MediaCorp Channel 8 and its predecessors .
Augusto Madureira ( born 1967 ) is a Portuguese journalist and songwriter .
Sir Juckes Granville Juckes - Clifton , 8th Baronet ( 1769 - 1852 ) was 8th Baronet Clifton of Clifton , Nottinghamshire .
Charles Boyce ( born 1949 in Olive Branch , Mississippi ) , is an American cartoonist known for his syndicated comic panel Compu - toon .
Luke Burrage ( born 26 August 1980 ) is a British juggler , musician , entertainer and author .
Pierre d'Amboise ( 1408 -- 28 June 1473 ) was a French nobleman of the House of Amboise .
Steven H. David ( born 1957 ) is the 106th Justice of the Supreme Court of Indiana .
Yury Doroshkevich ( Russian : Юрий Дорошкевич ; born 30 June 1978 ) is a Belarusian professional football coach and former player .
P. K. Kunhalikutty ( born 6 January 1951 ) is an Indian politician and present Minister for Industries and Information Technology in the Government of Kerala .
Jean - Baptiste Vietty , ( 14 December 1787 - 1842 ) was a French sculptor and archaeologist .
Osman Birsen ( born 1945 ) is a Turkish high - ranking civil servant for finance and was the CEO of the Istanbul Stock Exchange between 1997 and 2007 .
Paul Cuisset ( born 1964 ) is a French programmer and designer of several popular video games .
Griff Williams ( born 1966 ) is an American painter , publisher , art instructor , and the owner of the Gallery 16 art gallery .
Séamus Durack ( born 1951 ) is an Irish former hurler and manager who played as a goalkeeper for the Clare senior team .
Per Risvik ( born 4 September 1937 in Herøy , Møre og Romsdal ) is a Norwegian politician ( FrP ) .
Dale Vince , OBE ( born 29 August 1961 ) is a British `` green energy '' industrialist .
William L. Lane ( 1931 - -1999 ) was an American New Testament theologian and professor of biblical studies .
Bruce Mamando ( born 20 January 1974 in Mount Hagen ) is a Papua New Guinean rugby league player who represented his country in the 1995 and 2000 World Cups .
Sajid Afridi ( born 8 April 1969 ) is a Pakistani former first - class cricketer .
Jean Allaire ( born 1930 ) was the author of the Allaire Report , and subsequently in 1994 the first leader of the fiscally conservative , autonomist provincial level political party in Quebec , the Action démocratique du Québec ( ADQ ) .
George Gunton ( 1845 - -1919 ) was an influential figure in the labor movement of the United States around the turn of the 20th century and was an avid supporter of industrial combinations , or ' trusts ' .
Rupert Harrison , CBE ( born 1978 or 1979 ) was from 2006 to 2015 the chief of staff to George Osborne , the British Chancellor of the Exchequer , and Chair of the Council of Economic Advisers in the UK Treasury .
Ronald Trevor Drown , II ( born c. 1970 ) , is a former military officer and businessman from Dover , Arkansas , who is a Republican member of the Arkansas House of Representatives for District 68 in Pope and Van Buren counties in the north central portion of his state .
Vicente Gandía ( 1935 -- March 9 , 2009 ) was a Mexican artist of Spanish origin who is best known for his depictions of nature and buildings .
Shaylen Pillay ( born 12 April 1994 ) is a South African first - class cricketer who plays for the Highveld Lions cricket team .
Sarah Sophia Banks ( 28 October 1744 -- 27 September 1818 ) was an English collector of antiquarian items and sister of the naturalist Joseph Banks .
James Applewhite ( born 1935 in Stantonsburg , North Carolina ) is an American poet , and Professor Emeritus in creative writing at Duke University .
Judy Torres born ( 13 June 1968 in The Bronx , New York ) is a Puerto Rican freestyle music artist .
Thomas B. Sheridan ( born 23 December 1929 , Cincinnati , OH ) is American professor of mechanical engineering and Applied Psychology Emeritus at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Arnor Njøs ( born 21 June 1930 ) is a Norwegian soil researcher .
Owl Goingback ( born 1959 ) is an American author of horror and children 's books , a fiction ghostwriter , and a writer of non - fiction .
Luiza Galiulina ( Russian : Луиза Галиулина ; born 23 June 1992 in Tashkent ) is an Uzbek gymnast .
Samuel Hallett ( 1827-July 27 , 1864 ) was an American railroad developer , particularly known for the initial development of the eastern branch of the Union Pacific Railroad .
P. J. O'Mullan ( born on 1974 ) is a Northern Irish hurling manager and former player .
Sinéad Ní Neachtain ( born 1977 ) is an Irish editor .
Manuchehr Jamali ( 7 January 1929 - -5 June 2012 ) was a dissident Persian philosopher and poet .
Riitta Nikula ( born 1944 , in Helsinki ) , is a Finnish art historian , author and professor emeritus in art and architecture history at the University of Helsinki .
Alicia Cebrián Martínez de Lagos ( born 3 February 1983 in Santa Cruz de Tenerife ) is a Spanish Real Club Náutico de Tenerife sailor .
Jean - Guillaume Béatrix ( born 24 March 1988 ) is a French biathlete who has competed since 2005 .
Arto Tiainen ( 5 September 1930 , Sääminki -- 21 September 1998 ) was a Finnish cross - country skier .
Ruth Ungar Merenda ( born 1976 , in New York ) is a singer songwriter who performs with many folk bands .
Bowie Wong ( born 1969 ) is a Hong Kong - born Australian fashion and stage designer .
Jean Pierre Marie Orchampt ( born 9 December 1923 ) is a French Prelate of the Roman Catholic Church .
Guo Yushan ( simplified Chinese : 郭玉闪 ; traditional Chinese : 郭玉閃 ; pinyin : Guō Yùshǎn ; born 1977 ) is a Chinese scholar and human rights activist .
Paweł Leszkowicz ( born 17 December 1970 ) is a Polish art historian and art curator .
Jan Seifert ( born 14 October 1968 ) is a German former footballer who is now a coach .
John Short Larke ( May 28 , 1840 -- after 1904 ) was Canada 's first trade commissioner who represented the country in Australia starting in 1895 .
Enzo Nini ( born 29 August 1954 ) is a jazz saxophonist and flautist .
Javier Liburd ( born 9 February 1987 ) in Nevis , is a West Indian cricketer who plays cricket for the Leeward Islands .
Jurij Hudolin ( born 29 May 1973 ) is a Slovene poet , writer , columnist and translator .
Uzma Aslam Khan ( born 19 February 1969 ) is an award - winning Pakistani writer .
Rukmini Varma ( born 1940 ) is an Indian artist based in Bangalore .
Jacques Anouma ( born 11 December 1951 ) is a football administrator , a member of the FIFA Executive Committee .
Norman Yemm ( 23 March 1933 -- 3 February 2015 ) was an Australian actor , opera singer , musical theatre performer and sportsman .
Sir James Brooke , Rajah of Sarawak , KCB ( 29 April 1803 -- 11 June 1868 ) , was a British adventurer whose exploits in the Malay Archipelago made him the first White Rajah of Sarawak .
David Threlfall ( born 12 October 1953 ) is an English stage , film and television actor and director .
Pedro Fábregas ( born 12 April 1965 ) is an officer at American Airlines Group , the parent company of American Airlines , US Airways and Envoy Air .
Pete Teo ( Chinese : 张子夫 ; pinyin : Zhāng Zifu , born 26 December 1972 in Tawau , Sabah ) , is a multiple award winning Malaysian singer songwriter , film composer and filmmaker as well as a sought - after actor in what has become known as ' New Wave Malaysian Cinema ' .
Bruce Bruce ( born Bruce Church ; February 9 , 1965 ) is an American actor and stand - up comedian from Atlanta , Georgia .
William A. Brodie ( 1841 - 1917 ) was a Scots - American businessman and Freemason .
Will Johns ( born 22 March 1973 , London ) is an English blues rock singer and guitarist .
Dickran Palulian ( born 1938 ) is an Armenian - American illustrator and photographer who has produced work for Sports Illustrated , including their Silver Anniversary issue in 1979 .
Manuel Teles da Silva , 3rd Marquis of Alegrete , 4th Count of Vila Maior ( 6 February 1682 -- 9 February 1736 ) , was a Portuguese nobleman , statesman , and historian .
Caroline Marufu ( born 1983 ) is a beauty queen who represented Zimbabwe in Miss World 2007 in China .
Tatyana Shvyganova ( Russian : Татьяна Ивановна Швыганова ; born November 9 , 1960 in Gorky ) is a field hockey player and Olympic medalist .
Sharon Halford ( born 27 November 1953 ) is a Falkland Islands politician who served as a Member of the Legislative Assembly for the Camp constituency from 2009 until 2013 .
Thanasis Giannakopoulos ( born in 1931 ) ( Greek : Θανάσης Γιαννακόπουλος ) is a Greek businessman , and a former pro sports club owner .
Mattia Maggio ( born 22 February 1994 ) is a German - Italian footballer who plays as a striker .
Princess Badiya bint Hassan ( born 28 March 1974 in Amman , Jordan ) is a Jordanian princess .
Henning Meyer , ( born 1978 ) , is a German social scientist , consultant and analyst .
James Hudson Taylor ( Chinese : 戴德生 ; 21 May 1832 -- 3 June 1905 ) was a British Protestant Christian missionary to China and founder of the China Inland Mission ( CIM , now OMF International ) .
Melissa Gira Grant ( born 1978 in Boston , Massachusetts ) is an American freelance journalist .
Ewan Aitken ( born in 1962 , Paisley ) is a minister of the Church of Scotland .
Dale Morton ( born 31 October 1990 ) is a professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for Dewsbury Rams and formerly Wakefield Trinity in the Super League .
Nahid Majid , OBE ( Bengali : নায়াহিদ মাঝিদ ; born 19 June 1964 ) is a Bangladeshi - born British civil servant , chief operating officer for Regeneration Investment Organisation at UK Trade & Investment , Deputy Director within the Department for Work and Pensions and former urban planner .
Valmiro Lopes Rocha ( born 23 April 1981 ) , known as Valdo , is a Cape Verdean professional footballer who plays for Indian club Atlético de Kolkata mainly as a winger .
George Milner Tozaka OBE , better known as Milner Tozaka , ( born 21 October 1951 ) is a Solomon Islands diplomat and politician .
Avner Greif ( born 1955 ) is an economics professor at Stanford University , Stanford , California .
Oszkár Ács ( born 4 June 1980 ) is a Hungarian indie musician , best known as the bass guitarist of the Hungarian indie band Amber Smith .
Øystein Baadsvik ( born 14 August 1966 ) is a Norwegian tuba soloist and chamber musician .
Ognyan Toshev ( Bulgarian : Огнян Тошев , born 23 June 1940 ) is a former Bulgarian cyclist .
Jawahar Kalra , MD , PhD , FRCPC , FCAHS ( born 1949 ) is a heart researcher , educator , and physician .
David McKeon ( born 25 July 1992 ) is an Australian competition swimmer .
Guy - Paul Noujaim ( born on 7 July 1935 in Kfartay , Lebanon ) is a Lebanese eparch and emeritus Auxiliary bishop of the Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Joubbé , Sarba and Jounieh .
Leopoldo Girelli ( born 13 March 1953 ) is the current Apostolic Nuncio to Singapore .
Cherith Baldry ( born 21 January 1947 ) is a British writer of children 's fiction and fantasy fiction .
Dudley Broussard ( August 16 , 1916 -- May 24 , 1998 ) was a Creole zydeco musician , known to have played alongside other great musicians such Clifton Chenier .
Erwin Hochmair ( born 1940 ) is an Austrian electrical engineer whose research focuses in the fields of biomedical engineering and cochlear implant design .
Gegham Gharibjanian ( Armenian : Գեղամ Տիրանի Ղարիբջանյան ; born 2 October 1951 ) is an Armenian politician and diplomat .
Sharon Luk or Luk Sze - wan ( born 29 December 1980 ) is a TVB actress .
Alex Fellows ( born 1979 ) is a Canadian cartoonist , illustrator , and painter , based in Montreal .
Jerold T. Hevener ( 30 April 1873 , date of death unknown ) was an American film actor and director .
Jaime Mirtenbaum Zenamon ( born 1953 ) is a classical guitarist and composer .
Victor Robinson ( 16 August 1886 , in Ukraine -- 15 January 1947 ) was a physician and medical journalist .
Manuel Benítez Pérez ( born 4 May 1936 ) , more commonly known as El Cordobés ( The Cordovan ) , is a famous matador of the 1960s who brought to the bullring an unorthodox acrobatic and theatrical style .
Jack Coutu ARE ARCA ( born 13 September 1924 ) is an English printmaker , sculptor , etcher , engraver , carver , watercolourist and teacher .
Stig Rindborg ( born 1929 ) is a Swedish politician , member of the Moderate Party , and lawyer .
Mario Babic ( born 19 May 1987 ) is an Austro - English raised actor , model , and musician .
Hendrik Martz ( * 9 May 1968 in Hamburg ) is a German actor .
Guy Hendrix Dyas ( born 20 August 1968 ) is a British production designer for films .
David Warwick ( born 15 January 1948 ) is a British stage and television actor known for his theatre work with the writer and director Ray Cooney .
Vigrahapala II ( 960 - 988 CE ) was the successor to the Pala king Gopala II , and ninth ruler of the Pala line reigning for 22 years .
Lawrence A. Hoffman ( born 1942 ) is an American Reform rabbi and a prominent scholar of Jewish liturgy .
Tibor Donner ( 19 September 1907 -- 11 March 1993 ) was Chief Architect for the Auckland City Council from 1947 - 1967 .
Mira Lesmana ( born 8 August 1964 ) is an Indonesian songwriter , film director and producer .
Columb McKinley ( born 24 August 1950 ) was a Scottish footballer who played for Airdrie and Dumbarton .
Lieutenant General James Gordon Legge CB , CMG ( 15 August 1863 -- 18 September 1947 ) was an Australian Army Lieutenant General who served in World War I. His son Stanley Ferguson Legge reached the rank of Major General .
Carly Hillman ( born 11 June 1983 ) is a British actress best known for playing Nicky di Marco in the BBC soap opera EastEnders from 1998 to 2000 .
Okan Avcı ( born 29 November 1984 in Muğla , Turkey ) is a Turkish film director and actor .
Evelyn M. Richardson , born Evelyn May Fox ( 1902 - -1976 ) was a Canadian writer who won the Governor General 's Award in non - fiction for her 1945 memoir , We Keep a Light .
Mark Uytterhoeven ( born 6 March 1957 ) is a Belgian television presenter , tv script writer , actor , comedian and former sports journalist .
Leyla Güven ( born 1964 , Cihanbeyli , Konya , Turkey ) was mayor of the municipality of Viranşehir in the Şanlıurfa Province of Southeast Anatolia of Turkey , of the former Democratic Society Party ( DTP ) .
Bogdan Janković ( Serbian : Богдан Јанковић , born 1 September 1982 ) is a Serbian hockey player who played for the Serbia national ice hockey team .
Zhang Yihu ( Chinese : 张义瑚 ; born 1962 ) is a lieutenant general ( zhong jiang ) of the People 's Liberation Army Air Force ( PLAAF ) of China .
Kristina Guiourova ( Bulgarian : Кристина Гюрова ; born 17 February 1959 in Sofia , Bulgaria ) is a former individual Bulgarian rhythmic gymnast .
Emma Alberici ( born 1970 ) is an Australian television journalist who is currently a co - presenter of the Australian Broadcasting Corporation 's program Lateline .
Andreas Huyssen ( born 1942 ) is the Villard Professor of German and Comparative Literature at Columbia University , where he has taught since 1986 .
Henry Herman Meyer ( 21 November 1874 Champaign , Illinois - 1951 ) was an American Methodist Episcopal clergyman and editor .
Evadne Price , née Eva Grace Price ( 28 August 1888 -- 17 April 1985 ) , was an Australian - British writer , actress , astrologer and media personality .
Lakshmi Raj Sharma ( Hindi : लक्ष्मी राज शर्मा ) ( born 1954 ) is an Indian author , novelist , and academician .
James Hibbert ( born 1831 ) was an English architect who practised in Preston , Lancashire .
Björn Kuipers ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈbjʏrn ˈkœypərs ) ; born 28 March 1973 ) is a Dutch football referee .
Sharad Moreshwar Hardikar ( born 22 June 1932 ) is an Indian orthopedic surgeon and the founder of Hardikar Hospital , Pune .
Ustad Rais Khan ( born 25 November 1939 ) is a Pakistani sitarist from Karachi , Pakistan .
Andrea Nemeth ( born 1978 ) is a Canadian actress best known for the role of Medea on the national Canadian television series The Odyssey .
Loïc Dachary ( born 1965 ) is a French free software developer and activist who has been active since 1987 .
Szilvia Tarjányi ( born 11 January 1992 in Csongrád ) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Békéscsabai Előre NKSE as a line player .
Chhatradhar Mahato ( Bengali : ছত্রধর মাহাতো ) ( born 1964 ) is an Indian political activist from Lalgarh , West Bengal .
José Timoteo Martínez Pérez ( born 22 December 1956 ) is a Mexican politician from the institutional Revolutionary Party .
Morgan McMichaels ( born 28 May 1981 ) is the female persona of drag performer Thomas White .
Matthew `` Matt '' T. Burns ( born March 28 , 1980 ) better known by his ring name `` Sick '' Nick Mondo is a retired American professional wrestler .
Anastasios Lavrentzos ( Greek : Αναστάσιος Λαυρέντζος , born 25 June 1966 Piraeus , Greece ) is a Greek physicist , economist , and writer .
Marshall Ayres ( born June 28 , 1807 ) was one of the founding pioneers of the Midwest , particularly around the Chicago region .
Nduka Onwuegbute ( born 1969 ) is a Nigerian British playwright , currently living in the United Kingdom .
Jindřich Zeman ( born 30 September 1950 ) was a Czechoslovakian luger who competed in the late 1970s and early 1980s .
Zhao Xiao ( Chinese : 赵晓 ; pinyin : Zhào Xiǎo ; born March 1967 ) is a Chinese economist who has gained attention for arguing that China 's economy would benefit from the spread of Christianity .
Jonathan Adair , better known as Johnny Adair or Mad Dog Adair ( born 27 October 1963 ) is an Ulster loyalist and the former leader of the `` C Company '' , 2nd Battalion Shankill Road , West Belfast Brigade of the `` Ulster Freedom Fighters '' ( UFF ) .
Gerrit Jan Meulenbeld ( born 28 May 1928 in Borne , Overijssel ) is a physician - scholar who has taught and published major works of research in Indology .
Gustava Johanna Stenborg , as married senare Hahr and Yckerberg , ( 1776 - 1819 ) , was a Swedish artist .
Lucius Borich ( born 1971 ) is an Australian musician , best known as the former drummer for the band Cog , and previously the drummer in funk metal band Juice and in The Hanging Tree as well as Floating Me .
Diane Madden ( born 1959 ) is a modern dancer , teacher and choreographer based in New York City .
John Houling ( 1539?-1599 ) , was an Irish Jesuit .
Jesper Tollefsen ( born 27 January 1971 ) is a Danish football manager mos recently in charge of Aarhus Fremad .
Mick Deegan ( born 1964 ) is a former manager of Dublin Junior Gaelic football team and Fingal Ravens .
Carl Henrik Clemmensen ( 28 March 1901 - 30 or 31 August 1943 ) was a Danish newspaper editor who was killed by three men of the Schalburg Corps one of whom was Søren Kam .
Jonathon Green ( born 20 April 1948 in Kidderminster , Worcestershire ) is a British lexicographer of slang and writer on the history of alternative cultures .
Choi Hyun ( Hangul : 최현 ; born 7 November 1978 ) is a retired South Korean football player who played as Goalkeeper .
Liza Goddard ( born 20 January 1950 ) is an English television and stage actress , best known for her work in the 1970s and 1980s .
John Clerk of Eldin FRSE FSAScot ( 10 December 1728 -- 10 May 1812 ) was a Scottish merchant , naval author , artist , geologist and landowner .
Philip Andersen is a Danish race car driver born 15 November 1980 who competed in the Danish Touring Car Championship from 2003 until 2004 .
Andrew Carnegie Whitfield ( born 1910 ) , the nephew of wealthy steel magnate Andrew Carnegie , mysteriously disappeared shortly after he departed from Roosevelt Field on Long Island , New York on the morning of April 17 , 1938 .
C. Gordon Lambert ( 9 April 1919 -- 27 January 2005 ) was an Irish art collector who , in 1992 , donated over 300 paintings to the Irish Museum of Modern Art . He had earlier campaigned for an Irish national modern art collection to be established and had been a prominent figure in the Irish art scene .
John D. Cressler ( born 1961 ) is a Georgia Tech professor and author .
Lena Bergström ( born in Umeå , Sweden 1961 ) is a textiles and glass designer .
Gian Paolo Dallara ( born 16 November 1936 ) is an Italian businessman and motorsports engineer .
Emilio Bianchi ( born in Rho , Lombardy , 8 October 1957 ) is an Italian broadcast journalist .
Phesheya Mbongeni Dlamini ( born 1 January 1966 in Lobamba ) has been the Ambassador and Permanent Representative of Swaziland to the United Nations since 8 September 2005 .
Mohammed Mahee Ferdous Jalil ( Bengali : মুহাম্মদ মহি ফেরদৌস জলিল ; born 13 April 1973 ) is a Bangladeshi - born British businessman , founder of Channel S , owner of Prestige Auto Group and television presenter .
Talyn Rahman - Figueroa ( née Talyn Rahman ; Bengali : তালিন রহমান ; born 8 May 1985 ) is a British diplomatic consultant and Executive Director and founder of Grassroot Diplomat .
Lloyd Cole ( born 31 January 1961 ) is an English singer and songwriter , known for his role as lead singer of Lloyd Cole and the Commotions from 1984 to 1989 , and for his subsequent solo work .
Michael Wawelberg ( Михаил Ипполитович Вавельберг ; 1880 -- after 1929 ) was a Polish - Russian Jewish banker , one of the best known members of the Wawelberg banking family .
Akai Osei ( born 12 April 1999 ) is a British dancer , best known for winning the first series of Got to Dance .
Anup Kumar Yama ( born 1 September 1984 ) is an Indian roller skate athlete .
Martín Solares ( born in 1970 ) is a Mexican writer , critic and editor who received the Efraín Huerta National Literary Award in 1998 for his short story , El planeta Cloralex .
Elvyra Katalina Kriaučiūnaitė ( born 1942 ) is an Argentine born Lithuanian graphic artist .
James Challis FRS ( 12 December 1803 -- 3 December 1882 ) was an English clergyman , physicist and astronomer .
Irina Lenskiy ( Hebrew : אירנה לנסקי‎ , born 12 June 1971 ) is an Israeli athlete who specializes in the 100 metres hurdles .
Natalee Caple ( born 1970 in Montreal ) is a Canadian author of novels and poetry who is based at the University of Calgary where she is working on a PhD.
Josef Dubiel von LeRach ( born 1951 ) is a Czech painter and illustrator and author of over twenty books .
Alicia Candiani ( born 1953 ) is an Argentine artist specializing in printmaking and digital media .
Fakhr - un - Nisa Shuhdah was born in 484 A.H in the Iranian city of Dinawar to Abu Nasr Ahmad ibn al - Faraj al - Dinawari ( d.574/1112 ) .
M. Prabhaharan ( born 6 July 1966 at Dindigul ) had his school education in Theni , Tamil Nadu and completed his degree course in Fine Arts at Government College of Fine Arts , Chennai .
Joris Van Severen ( 19 July 1894 -- 20 May 1940 ) was a Belgian politician and ideologue of the Flemish Movement .
Rosenery Mello do Nascimento ( 1965 , Rio de Janeiro -- June 4 , 2011 ) , best known by the stage name Rosenery Mello , was a Brazilian celebrity and model also known as `` Fogueteira do Maracanã '' .
Thomas Menamparampil SDB ( born 22 October 1936 in Palai , India ) is currently the apostolic administrator of Diocese of Jowai appointed by Pope Francis on 3 February 2014 .
Stuart W. Frost ( 1891 - 1980 ) was a professor of entomology at The Pennsylvania State University , University Park , Pennsylvania .
Simon Kurt Unsworth ( born 1972 ) is a British writer of supernatural fiction .
Hetty Sarlene ( born 21 April 1984 ) is a Singapore - born Malaysian singer and actress .
Mats Helge , also known as Mats - Helge Olsson ( born 10 May 1953 ) is a Swedish independent filmmaker , best known for movies such as The Ninja Mission ( 1984 ) , and he is one of the most productive independent Swedish directors ever , with almost 100 titles to his résumé .
Adrian Royle ( born 12 February 1959 ) is a retired English long distance runner born in Manchester .
Lê Dũng Tráng , ( born 1947 in Saigon ) is a Vietnamese - French mathematician .
Nick Kisner ( `` Slick '' Nick ) is an American Boxer of German - Scottish descent on his father 's side and Irish - Russian ( Chechen ) descent on his mother 's side , who was born in Baltimore , Maryland January 17 , 1991 .
Ognjen Stojanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Огњен Стојановић , born 24 January 1990 in Novi Sad ) is a Serbian triathlete .
Ollie Willars ( born 25 June 1990 is a British field hockey player . He competed for England in the men 's hockey tournament at the 2014 Commonwealth Games where he won a bronze medal .
Alia Syed ( born 1964 ) is a British experimental filmmaker and artist .
Châu Hoàng Tuyết Loan ( 18 February 1975 ) is a Vietnamese woman paralympic powerlifter .
Stuart McRobert ( born 1958 in England ) is a writer on strength training , best known as the founder and publisher of Hardgainer magazine .
Hans Jørgen Lysglimt , also known as Hans Jørgen Lysglimt Johansen , ( born 13 September 1971 ) is a Norwegian entrepreneur , politician and social commentator .
Günter Hirschmann ( born 8 December 1935 ) is a former German football player who spent almost his entire senior career at 1 .
Shayne Burgess ( born 1 June 1964 in Hastings ) is an English darts player who plays for the British Darts Organisation .
Sidney F. Barrett ( 1892 - -1958 ) of New York City , was a prominent stamp dealer who participated in various important philatelic ventures in New York City itself .
Sir James Carreras MBE ( 30 January 1909 --1990 ) was a British film producer , who , together with William Hinds , founded the legendary British film company Hammer Film Productions .
Cédric Gerbehaye ( born 1977 ) is a Belgian journalist and photographer who has specialized in the Middle East and the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Hersch Harry Kopyto ( born 1946 ) is a Canadian legal advocate , broadcaster , and political activist .
Thomas H. Beeby ( born 1941 ) is an American architect who was a member of the `` Chicago Seven '' architects and has been Chairman Emeritus of Hammond , Beeby , Rupert , Ainge Architects ( HBRA ) for over thirty - nine years .
Andrea Tessa Vergara ( born 1961 , in Santiago ) is a Chilean singer - songwriter , TV presenter and actress of Italian descent .
Bansi Lal ( 26 August 1927 -- 28 March 2006 ) was an Indian Hindu Jat independence activist , senior Congress leader , former Chief Minister of Haryana and considered by many to be the architect of modern Haryana .
Dionigi Donnini ( 8 April 1681 -- 1743 ) was an Italian painter , who was active at Modena .
Niccolò Castiglioni ( 17 July 1932 -- 7 September 1996 ) was an Italian composer , pianist , and writer on music .
Margaret , Maid of Norway ( 9 April 1283 -- 26 September 1290 ) was a Norwegian princess who reigned as Queen of Scots from 1286 until her death .
Andries Jonker ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈɑndris ˈjɔŋkər ) , 22 September 1962 ) is a Dutch football manager who works as the head of academy at Arsenal F.C. Prior to this , he was assistant manager of VfL Wolfsburg , manager and later sporting director of Willem II , MVV and Volendam and assistant coach of Barcelona .
Anoushirvan Arjmand ( Persian : انوشیروان ارجمند‎‎‎ ; 19 October 1941 -- 14 December 2014 ) was an Iranian actor , best known for his roles in films such as Duel ( 2004 ) , Tardid ( 2009 ) , and He Who Said No ( 2014 ) .
Dirk Hoogendam , a.k.a . Dieter Hohendamm , alias The Boxer ( 18 May 1922 , Vlaardingen - 8 August 2003 in Ringgau , Germany ) , was a Dutch war criminal .
Harald Smedal ( 5 April 1859 -- 3 May 1911 ) was Norwegian member of the Council of State Division in Stockholm from 1895 to 1896 , Minister of Auditing from 1896 to 1897 , and Minister of Justice from 1897 to 1898 .
Antonio del Valle Ruiz ( born 1938 ) is a Mexican businessman , chairman of the chemicals company Mexichem .
Kasey Anderson ( born 1980 ) is an American singer , songwriter , guitarist , producer and musician .
Sean Olsson ( born 2 March 1967 ) is a British bobsledder who competed during the 1990s .
Károly Beregfy ( 12 February 1888 -- 12 March 1946 ) was a Hungarian military officer and politician , who served as Minister of Defence between 1944 - -45 in the Arrow Cross Party government .
Kamal Chaudhry ( born 3 July 1947 ) is an Indian Politician .
Guy Hands ( born 27 August 1959 ) is an English financier and investor .
Prof . Nicolás Rojas Acosta ( 1873 - -1946 ) was an Argentine academic and botanist .
Rowley Leigh ( born 23 April 1950 ) is a British chef , restaurateur and journalist who lives in Shepherd 's Bush , London .
Rudolph Contreras ( born 1962 ) is a United States District Judge for the United States District Court for the District of Columbia .
Donald K. Tarlton , CM ( born 12 May 1943 ) is a Canadian entertainment businessman .
Hilde Danielsen ( born 1971 ) is a Norwegian social anthropologist and gender studies expert .
Jan Budař , alias Pavel Bedura ( born 31 July 1977 ) is a Czech actor , director , singer , composer and script writer .
Parvaiz Mehdi Qureshi ( Urdu : پرویز مهدی قریشی ; 1 October 1943 ; NI(M ) ) is a retired four - star rank air officer ( Air Chief Marshal ) who served as the fifteenth Chief of Air Staff from 1997 until 2000 .
Alex Scarrow ( b. 14 February 1966 ) is a British author , whose books include The Candle Man , A Thousand Suns , Last Light , Afterlight , October Skies , and the young adult science fiction series TimeRiders .
Graham Hathaway ( born 1951 in Chelmsford , Essex ) is a British retired auto racing driver .
Jackson Haines ( 1840 - -1879 ) was an American ballet dancer and figure skater who is regarded as the father of modern figure skating .
Jacques van Ypersele de Strihou ( born 5 December 1936 ) , was the Principal Private Secretary to the King of the Belgians ( 1983 - -2013 ) .
Huỳnh Văn Thanh ( born 20 December 1992 ) is a Vietnamese footballer who play as a Forward for V - League club Thanh Hóa F.C.
Ling Qing ( Chinese : 凌青 ) ( 1923 - September 10 , 2010 ) , original name Lin Moqing ( Chinese : 林墨卿 ) , was a Chinese diplomat .
Jefferson King ( born 1 July 1961 ) is a British former bodybuilder and wrestler , best known for playing Shadow in the ITV show Gladiators .
Sanne Salomonsen ( born 30 December 1955 ) , is a Danish singer .
Hubertus Antonius van der Aa ( born 1935 ) is a Dutch mycologist who has described several genera and species of fungi .
Jessica Trengove ( born 15 August 1987 ) is an Australian athletics competitor competing in the 1500 metres , 5000 metres , 10,000 metres , half marathon , and marathon events .
János Valentiny ( 1 January 1842 , Nagylak - 25 February 1902 , Nádasdladány ) was a Hungarian painter of portraits , landscapes and genre scenes .
Romano Battisti ( 21 August 1986 ) is an Italian rower .
Belén Scalella ( born 1982 ) is an Argentine actress and singer .
Alec Monteath ( 22 May 1941 in Perthshire ) was an announcer for Scottish Television from 1964 - 1969 and an announcer on BBC Scotland .
Eddie Betts ( born Edward Roberts on 26 November 1986 ) is a professional Australian rules football player who plays for the Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Cy Curnin ( born Cyril John Curnin , 12 December 1957 , Wimbledon , England ) is a singer / songwriter and musician .
Art Frahm ( 1907 - -1981 ) was an American painter of campy pin - up girls and advertising .
Yuval Fuchs ( Hebrew : יובל פוקס ; born 1961 ) is the current Ambassador of Israel to Georgia and Non - Resident Ambassador to Armenia .
Francis Brerewood ( 1694 - 1781 ) was an English painter , translator and architect .
Benedetto Pistrucci ( 29 May 1783 -- 16 September 1855 ) was a distinguished Italian Gem - engraver , medallist and coin - engraver who became Chief - medallist at the Royal Mint in England .
Utpal Banerjee ( born 1957 ) is a Professor and Chair of the Department of Molecular , Cell and Developmental Biology at UCLA .
Andrew Groves ( born 27 February 1968 ) is a London - based English fashion designer specialising in womenswear , menswear and prints .
Sir John Danvers ( c 1585 - -1655 ) was an English courtier and politician .
Noel St George Hyslop ( 1921 - 1979 ) was a British physician , veterinary surgeon and public health officer .
Major - General Daniel Gookin ( 1612 -- 19 March 1687 ) was a settler of Virginia and Massachusetts , and a writer on the subject of American Indians .
Henry Wilson Savage ( 21 March 1859 - 29 November 1927 ) was an American theatrical manager .
John Earl Coleman ( 26 March 1930 - 22 November 2012 ) was a teacher of Vipassana ( insight ) meditation , a kind of meditation of Theravada Buddhism .
Khan Sahib Shahal Khan Khoso ( 1909 - -1956 ) came from a family which had , since the many last centuries , been prominent among the landed aristocracy of the Sindh .
Vasilko Romanovich ( 1203 - -1269 ) , Prince of Belz ( 1207 - -1211 ) , Prince of Brest ( 1221 - -1231 ) , and Prince of Volhynia ( 1231 - -1269 ) .
Tang Jian ( 579 - -656 ) , courtesy name Maoyue , posthumously known as Duke Xiang of Ju , was a Chinese official who lived in the early Tang dynasty and rose to prominence during the reign of Emperor Taizong .
Miguel António de Sousa Horta Almeida e Vasconcelos , 2nd Baron of Santa Comba Dão ( São Paulo de Luanda , Angola , 22 August 1831 -- 24 February 1891 ) was a Portuguese nobleman .
Marie Provazníková ( 24 October 1890 -- 11 January 1991 ) was a Czechoslovak sports official active in the Sokol movement .
Alfred Clunies - Ross ( c.1851 -- 28 February 1903 ) was a rugby union international who represented Scotland in the first international rugby match in 1871 .
Hans Christian Cornelius Mortensen ( 27 August 1856 -- 7 June 1921 ) was a Danish teacher and ornithologist .
Gildo Rodrigues ( 30 November 1939 -- 17 August 2009 ) was a Brazilian footballer manager .
Idov Cohen ( Hebrew : אידוב כהן‎ , 4 November 1909 -- 16 May 1998 ) was a Romanian - Israeli politician and journalist .
Lionel Lindon ASC ( 2 September 1905 -- 20 September 1971 ) was an American film cameraman and cinematographer who spent much of his career working for Paramount .
Mingyi Swa of Prome ( Burmese : မင်းကြီးစွာ , pronounced : ( mɪ́ɴdʑíswà ) ; c. 1435 - -1482 ) was viceroy of Prome from 1446 to 1482 during the reigns of kings Narapati I , Thihathura I and Minkhaung II of Ava .
Andrew of Saint Victor ( died October 1175 ) was an Augustinian canon of the abbey of Saint Victor in Paris , a Christian Hebraist and biblical exegete .
Leslie Hubricht ( born 11 January 1908 in Los Angeles , California , died 16 September 2005 in Meridian , Mississippi ) was an American biologist and malacologist .
Sir Richard Hoghton , 1st Baronet ( 28 September 1570 -- 1630 ) was a politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1601 and 1611 .
Emile Brichard ( Arsimont , 20 December 1899 -- Villers - Poterie , 8 July 2004 ) was a Belgian cyclist .
Yasuji Kiyose ( 清瀬保二 Kiyose Yasuji , 13 January 1900 -- 14 September 1981 ) was a Japanese composer .
Yu Zhining ( 于志寧 ) ( 588 - -665 ) , courtesy name Zhongmi ( 仲謐 ) , formally Duke Ding of Yan ( 燕定公 ) , was a chancellor of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty , during the reigns of Emperor Taizong and Emperor Gaozong .
Malcolm Webster Ford ( 1862 - 1902 ) was an American athlete and journalist .
Reynold Pympe ( c.1371 - 1426 ) , of Nettlestead and Pympe 's Court in East Farleigh , Kent , was an English politician .
The Reverend Alexander Petrie Campbell OBE ( 4 June 1881 - 13 December 1963 ) was an Australian - born Congregational church minister and chairman of the Congregational Union of Australia and New Zealand from 1937 until 1939 .
John Sutton , 1st Baron Dudley , KG ( 25 December 1400 -- 30 September 1487 ) was an English nobleman .
Wilhelm Wilmers ( b. at Boke in Westphalia , 30 January 1817 ; d. at Roermond , Netherlands , 9 May 1899 ) was a German Jesuit Professor of philosophy and theology .
Harry Brearley ( 18 February 1871 -- 14 July 1948 ) was an English metallurgist , usually credited with the invention of `` rustless steel '' ( later to be called `` stainless steel '' in the anglophone world ) .
Medet Serhat ( 1943 , Iğdır -- 12 December 1994 , Istanbul ) was a Turkish lawyer of Kurdish descent , from an aristocratic family of Igdir branch of widely spread Retkan tribe .
Pei Songzhi ( 372 - -451 ) , courtesy name Shiqi , was a historian and politician who lived in the late Eastern Jin dynasty and the Liu Song dynasty .
Peter Winter ( baptized 28 August 1754 -- 17 October 1825 ) was a German opera composer who followed Mozart and preceded Weber , acting as a bridge between the two in the development of German opera .
Toki Jurozayemon Mitsuchika ( died 1582 ) was a retainer of the Akechi clan and relative of Akechi Mitsuhide .
Paula Preradović ( 12 October 1887 -- 25 May 1951 ) , known professionally as Paula von Preradović or by her married name as Paula Molden , was an Austrian writer and poet .
Cao Juru ( Chinese : 曹菊如 ) ( May 1901 -- January 1981 ) was the 2nd governor of the People 's Bank of China ( 1954 - -1964 ) .
Herbert W. Armstrong ( 31 July 1892 -- 16 January 1986 ) founded the Radio Church of God which was incorporated 21 October 1933 and was renamed Worldwide Church of God 1 June 1968 , as well as starting Ambassador College ( later Ambassador University ) 8 October 1947 .
George Charles of Hesse - Kassel ( 8 January 1691 in Kassel -- 5 March 1755 ) was a prince of Hesse - Kassel and a Prussian General .
Clemens Scheitz ( 2 September 1899 -- 24 October 1980 ) was a German musician and actor who appeared in the Werner Herzog films The Enigma of Kaspar Hauser ( 1974 ) , Heart of Glass ( 1976 ) , Stroszek ( 1977 ) and Nosferatu the Vampyre ( 1979 ) .
Premchand ( pronounced ( mʊnʃi preːm t͡ʃənd̪ ) ) ( 31 July 1880 -- 8 October 1936 ) , better known as Munshi Premchand , Munshi being an honorary prefix , was an Indian writer famous for his modern Hindustani literature .
George Seawright ( c. 1951 - 3 December 1987 ) was a controversial unionist politician and paramilitary in Northern Ireland who was assassinated by the Irish People 's Liberation Organisation ( IPLO ) during the Troubles .
Saint Paulinus of Trier ( died 358 ) was bishop of Trier and a supporter of Athanasius in the conflict with Arianism .
Jean de Liège , ( c.1330 - 1381 ) was a 14th - century sculptor of Flemish origin , mainly active in France , who specialized in funerary sculptures .
Max Grünhut ( 7 July 1893 -- 6 February 1964 ) was a German - British legal scholar and criminologist .
Anna Cheyne ( 1926 - 2002 ) was an artist and sculptor was born and educated in England but moved to Northern Ireland after her marriage to architect Donald Cheyne .
Zhang Zongcang ( Chinese : 张宗苍 ; 1686 - -1756 ) , courtesy name as Mocun , is a famed Chinese landscape painter in the Qing Dynasty .
Mervyn Hamilton Rylance ( 1906 - -1983 ) was a rugby union player and architect in Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
Alfred Woodroffe ( 1 September 1918 -- 23 July 1964 ) was an English cricketer active in first - class cricket from 1947 - -1948 .
Guy Sircello ( 1936 - -1992 ) was an American philosopher best known for his analytic approach to philosophical aesthetics .
Tanchelm ( died 1115 ) , also known as Tanchelm of Antwerp , Tanchelijn , Tanquelin or Tanchelin , was a heretical itinerant preacher , critical of the established Roman Catholic church , active in the Low Countries around the turn of the 11th and 12th centuries .
Benjamin Mandel ( 1887-August 8 , 1973 ) AKA `` Bert Miller '' was a New York city school teacher and activist who later became a director of research for the House Un - American Activities Committee and the Senate Internal Security Subcommittee .
Reuben Sturman ( 1924 -- October 27 , 1997 ) was an American pornographer and businessman from Ohio .
Giuseppe Leggiadri Gallani ( 1516 - -1590 ) was an Italian poet and dramatist .
Raymond Furnell ( 18 May 1936 -- 10 July 2006 ) was the Dean of York Minster from 1994 to 2003 .
Cassius Chaerea ( died 41 ) served as a centurion in the army of Germanicus and in the Praetorian Guard under the emperor Caligula , whom he eventually assassinated in January 41 .
William A. Mathews ( 1800 - -1856 ) was a 19th - century Texas colonist , soldier , courier and quartermaster in the Texas Revolution .
Samyeongdang ( 1544 - -1610 ) , also known by his dharma name Yujeong , was a Korean Buddhist monk during the Joseon era .
Sim Var ( Khmer : ស៊ឹម វ៉ា ; 2 February 1906 -- October 1989 ) was a Cambodian politician .
Edward Bertram Johnston ( 11 January 1880 -- 6 September 1942 ) , known as Bertie Johnston , was the Western Australian Legislative Assembly member for Williams - Narrogin from 1911 to 1928 , and a Senator from 1929 until 1942 .
Johannes Hermanus Michiel Kock ( Graaf - Reinet , 1835 - Elandslaagte 1899 ) was a Boer general and soldier .
Pere Salvatge or Peire / Peyre Salvagge was a Catalan troubadour of the late thirteenth century ( fl . 1280 - -1287 ) .
Joseph - Édouard Barès ( 27 November 1872 -- 27 August 1954 ) was a French general and a pioneer of military aviation .
Benjamin Booth ( 1732 - -1806 ) was an English director of the East India Company and art collector .
George Manners - Sutton ( 1 August 1751 -- 15 February 1804 ) was a British politician , the eldest son of Lord George Manners - Sutton .
Edmund Schuster ( 7 September 1851 -- 5 July 1932 ) was a German engineer and mathematician who contributed to the field of special functions and complex analysis being a pioneer in the field of harmonic analysis .
Joseph Jenkins ( 27 February 1818 -- 26 September 1898 ) , was an educated tenant farmer from Tregaron , Ceredigion , mid - Wales who , when aged over 50 , suddenly deserted his home and large family to seek his fortune in Australia .
Rodger Head ( 20 June 1939 -- 8 July 2012 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for St Kilda in the Victorian Football League during the 1960s .
Thomas Butler , 1st Baron Cahir or Caher ( died 1558 ) was an Irish peer .
Francis Edward Paget ( 1806 - -1882 ) was an English clergyman and author .
Christopher Nyholm Shawcross , KC ( 20 June 1905 -- 18 August 1973 ) was a British lawyer and Labour politician .
Gerhard Alois Westrick ( 1889 - -1957 ) was a German lawyer and businessman who represented several major American companies in Germany before World War II . He was known for his efforts during a trip to New York in 1940 to gain support for the Nazi government .
Andrey Aleksandrovich Gershun ( Russian : Андре́й Алекса́ндрович Ге́ршун , 22 October 1903 -- 6 December 1952 ) was a Soviet physicist , well known for his works in Photometric and Optics , one of the founders of Vavilov State Optical Institute Hydrooptics Science School .
Yeh Ming - hsun ( 25 September 1913 -- 21 November 2009 ) , was a Chinese journalist and newspaper editor .
Yohanan Levi ( Hebrew : יוחנן לוי‎ ; born 1901 , died 20 July 1945 ) was a Hebrew linguist and historian , specialising in the Second Temple period .
Eric Meadus ( 1931 - -1970 ) was an English artist whose work was exhibited in the Royal Academy and Paris Salon .
Captain Thomas Harwood ( died 1652 ) was a Virginia soldier , landowner and politician .
Paul Yuzyk ( 24 June 1913 -- 9 July 1986 ) was a Canadian historian and Senator remembered as the `` father of multiculturalism . ''
Bhulabhai Desai ( 13 October 1877 -- 6 May 1946 ) was an Indian independence activist and acclaimed lawyer .
Joseph Victor Viviand - Morel ( 1843 , born near Lons - le - Saunier -- 28 December 1915 , Lyon ) was a French horticulturist and gardener .
Jan Frans van Dael or Jean - François van Dael ( 27 May 1764 -- 20 March 1840 ) was a Flemish painter and lithographer specializing in still lifes of flowers and fruit .
William Holme Van Buren ( born in Philadelphia , 5 April 1819 ; died in New York , 25 March 1883 ) was an American surgeon .
Jack Hood ( 17 December 1902 -- 1 July 1992 ) was a British boxer who was British and European welterweight champion in the 1920s and 1930s .
The Blessed Hugh Faringdon O.S.B. ( died 1539 ) , earlier known as Hugh Cook , later as Hugh Cook alias Faringdon and Hugh Cook of Faringdon , was a Benedictine monk who presided as the last Abbot of Reading Abbey in the English town of Reading .
Gonzalo , Duke of Aquitaine ( 5 June 1937 -- 27 May 2000 ) ( Gonzalo Víctor Alfonso José Bonifacio Antonio María y Todos los Santos de Borbón y Dampierre , was a grandson of King Alfonso XIII of Spain .
Gino D'Auri ( 1937 -- 26 January 2007 ) was an Italian flamenco , fusion and classical guitarist .
Helaman Pratt ( 31 May 1846 -- 26 November 1909 ) was an early leader of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints in the U.S. states of Nevada and Utah and later in Mexico .
Maurice Wilk was a well - known American violinist who performed as a member of the Alma Trio from 1953 until his sudden death in 1963 .
Halla Pai Huhm ( alternately , Halla Huhm or Pai Halla ; 1922 - -1994 ) was a Korean - American dancer and the most well - known teacher of Korean dance in Hawaii .
George Francis Stewart PC ( 1 November 1851 -- 12 August 1928 ) , known as G. F. Stewart , was an Irish land agent and public servant .
Jin Xuan ( died 209 ) , courtesy name Yuanji ( 元機 ) , was a minor warlord and Administrator of Wuling Commandery in the late Eastern Han Dynasty .
Sir John Anstruther , 4th Baronet and 1st Baronet PC ( 27 March 1753 -- 26 January 1811 ) was a Scottish politician .
Charles Steffen ( 1927 - 1995 ) was a self - taught artist from Chicago , Illinois .
Sidney Bradshaw Fay ( 13 April 1876 in Washington , D.C. -- 29 August 1967 in Lexington , Massachusetts ) was an American historian , whose examination of the causes of World War I , The Origins of the World War ( 1928 ; revised edition 1930 ) remains a classic study .
Mischa Auer ( 17 November 1905 -- 5 March 1967 ) was a Russian - born American actor who moved to Hollywood in the late 1920s .
Noah Buxton ( 6 November 1876 -- 26 May 1967 ) was an English cricketer who played first - class cricket for Derbyshire between 1902 and 1911 .
Antonio Circignani ( 1560 - -1620 ) was an Italian painter of the late - Renaissance ( Mannerism ) period and early Baroque .
James Grainger ( c. 1721 - -1766 ) Scottish doctor , poet and translator , is well - known figure in 18th - century English literature .
Alby O'Connor ( 23 October 1893 -- 28 August 1944 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
James Rivers ( 1603 -- 8 June 1641 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1640 .
Laura Gardin Fraser ( 1889 - -1966 ) was an American sculptor and the wife of sculptor James Earle Fraser .
Aed mac Donn Ó Sochlachain ( died 1226 ) was Erenagh of Cong and an Irish musician .
Kasinather Saunthararajah S.C. , P.B.M. ( 3 March 1930 -- 17 June 2010 ) , known professionally as K. S. Rajah , was a Senior Counsel and Judicial Commissioner of the Supreme Court of Singapore .
Thomas de Thelwall ( died 1382 ) was an English judge and Crown official who spent part of his career in Ireland , where he held office as Master of the Rolls in Ireland and clerk to the Privy Council of Ireland .
Henry A. G. Lee ( c. 1818 -- 1851 ) was a soldier and politician in Oregon Country in the 1840s .
Hans Lewy ( 20 October 1904 -- 23 August 1988 ) was a German born American mathematician , known for his work on partial differential equations and on the theory of functions of several complex variables .
Harry Iauko ( died 10 December 2012 ) was a ni - Vanuatu politician .
Dagobert Friedländer ( 19 February 1826 -- 27 June 1904 ) was a banker and one of only two Jewish members of the House of Lords of Prussia .
Eiríkur Benedikz ( 1907 - 1988 ) was an Icelandic scholar , diplomat and book collector .
Sir John Eldon Bankes GCB PC KC LLD ( 17 April 1854 - 31 December 1946 ) was a Welsh judge of the King 's Bench Division of the High Court of Justice , and later the Lord Justice of Appeal .
Eleanor of Sicily ( 1325 - -1375 ) was Queen of Aragon from 1349 until 1375 as the third wife of King Peter IV .
John H. Dessauer , also known as Hans Dessauer , ( 13 May 1905 -- 12 August 1993 ) was a German - American chemical engineer and an innovator in developing xerography .
Jean - Albert Dinkespiler ( 1927 - 2014 ) was a French engineer and former Chief of the European Joint Research Centre .
Andrey Tissin ( Russian : Андрей Тиссин ; 5 July 1975 -- 1 March 2008 ) was a Russian sprint canoer who competed in the late 1990s and early 2000s ( decade ) .
Alfred Métraux ( 5 November 1902 -- 11 April 1963 ) was a Swiss anthropologist , ethnologist and human rights leader .
Bernard Holden MBE ( 15 March 1908 -- 4 October 2012 ) was a twentieth century railway engineer and manager with Southern and British Railways and a founding father of standard gauge railway preservation in the United Kingdom .
Conall mac Máele Coba , called Conall Cóel , ( died 654 ) was an Irish king and is said to have been High King of Ireland .
Suhita or Soheeta was a Javanese queen regnant and the sixth monarch of the Majapahit empire , ruling from 1429 to 1447 .
Cyrus Nutt ( 4 September 1814 Trumbull County , Ohio - 23 August 1875 Bloomington , Indiana ) served as the fifth president of Indiana University .
Emanuel Ninger ( 1845 -- 1924 ) , known as `` Jim the Penman '' , was a counterfeiter in the late 1880s .
Nicholas of Ilok ( Bosnian and Croatian : Nikola Iločki , Hungarian : Újlaki Miklós ; 1410 - -1477 ) was Ban of Croatia , Slavonia , Dalmatia and Macsó , Voivode of Transylvania and titular King of Bosnia from 1471 until his death .
Eleanor Ambrose ( 1718 - -1816 ) was a celebrated beauty and Catholic heiress .
Rededi , Rededia , Rededya or Ridada ( died 1022 ) was a legendary leader of the Kassogians , a Circassian tribe from the North Caucasus .
Enrique Serrano ( 1891 - -1965 ) was an Argentine actor and comedian in the 1940s and 1950s .
Bernard N. Fields ( March 24 , 1938 -- January 31 , 1995 ) was an American microbiologist and virologist .
Moedomo Soedigdomarto , also spelled Mudomo Sudigdomarto , ( 29 November 1927 , Magetan -- 5 November 2005 , Bandung ) was an Indonesian mathematician , educator and professor at the Bandung Institute of Technology , of which he was president ( rektor , for explanation , see Rector ( academia ) ) .
Nathan Cohn ( 2 January 1907 -- 16 November 1989 ) was an American electrical engineer , who was best known for his contributions to the control of interconnected electric power systems .
James Stawpert ( c1775 - 1814 ) was a Newcastle based brewer 's clerk / songwriter of the early 19th century .
Otis Ruel Redinger ( December 31 , 1896 -- September 1969 ) was a professional football player who played 1 season in the National Football League , with the Canton Bulldogs .
Jean de Gribaldy ( 18 July 1922 -- 2 January 1987 ) was a French road cyclist and directeur sportif .
Hermann Görtz ( 15 November 1890 -- 23 May 1947 ) was a German spy in Britain and Ireland before and during World War II .
Ibrahim El - Gohary ( died 31 May 1795 ) is a famous Copt who was Egypt 's prime minister during the second half of the 18th century .
Prof William Fisher Cassie ( usually referred to simply as Fisher Cassie in his field and as Bill Cassie by his friends ) FRSE CBE LLD ( 1905 - 1985 ) was a British civil engineer and academic .
Baron Johann Rudolf de Steiger ( or de Steiguer ) ( 1778- † 1834 ) was a Swiss nobleman who immigrated to the United States in the 19th century .
Edgar Tolson ( 1904 - -1984 ) was a woodcarver from Kentucky who became a well - known folk artist .
Ernest Favenc ( 21 October 1845 -- 14 November 1908 ) was an explorer of Australia , a journalist and historian .
Georg Braun ( also Brunus , Bruin ; 1541 -- 10 March 1622 ) was a topo - geographer .
Julia Severance ( 1877 - 1972 ) was an artist mainly known for her contributions in transforming the College Seal for Oberlin College .
Dr Gavin Brown Clark ( 1846 - 5 July 1930 ) was the MP for Caithness from 1885 to 1900 .
Hendrik Lodewijk Drucker ( Amsterdam , 11 August 1857 -- The Hague , 5 September 1917 ) was a Dutch liberal politician of the Free - thinking Democratic League .
Nell Martin ( 1890 - -1961 ) was an American author from Illinois specializing in light - hearted mysteries and short stories .
John Shene ( January 17 , 1901 -- January 1968 ) was an American bobsledder who competed in the 1930s .
Olive Price ( 1903 - -1991 ) was an American writer of books and plays for children .
Arthur Sanger ( 26 March 1918 -- 3 December 1999 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Hanne Kjærholm ( 24 May 1930 , Hjørring -- 22 June 2009 ) was a Danish architect who also taught at the Danish Academy , where she became a professor in 1989 .
Albert von Kölliker ( born Rudolf Albert Kölliker ; 6 July 1817 -- 2 November 1905 ) was a Swiss anatomist , physiologist , and histologist .
Zhang Miao ( died 195 ) , courtesy name Mengzhuo , was an official who lived in the late Eastern Han dynasty .
Sahib I Giray , Sahib Khan Girai ( 1501 - -1551 ) -- a khan of the Crimean Khanate in 1532 --1551 .
Francesco da Urbino ( 1545 - -1582 ) was an Italian painter and artist .
Sylvia Lynd ( née Dryhurst ) ( 1888 -- 21 February 1952 ) was a poet , essayist , short story writer and novelist .
William Broughton Carr ( 1836 - -1909 ) , was a British author and beekeeper .
Father John Ikataere Rarikin , MSC ( 5 January 1944 − 8 February 2014 ) was a Roman Catholic priest who served as the Ecclesiastical Superior of the Mission Sui Iuris of Funafuti since 2010 to 2002 .
Albert Pike Lucas ( 1862 - -1945 ) was an American landscape , figure , and portrait painter ; also a sculptor .
James Brome ( died 1719 ) was an English clergyman and travel writer .
John Alexander Scott Coutts ( 9 December 1902 -- 5 August 1962 ) , better known by the pseudonym John Willie , was the artist , fetish photographer , editor , and publisher of the soft - porn cult magazine Bizarre .
Harry Angelman ( 13 August 1915 -- 8 August 1996 ) was a British consultant paediatrician who identified Angelman Syndrome .
Blessed Giovanni Battista Mazzucconi ( 1 March 1826 -- 7 September 1855 ) was an Italian priest from the Pontifical Institute for Foreign Missions .
Ulderico Carpegna ( 24 June 1595 -- 24 January 1679 ) was an Italian jurist and Cardinal .
Zheng Lücheng ( Chinese 郑律成 , Korean 정률성 , Kwangju ; 13 August 1918 -- 7 December 1976 ) was a Korea - born Chinese composer .
John Hodgkins DD ( died 1560 ) was an English suffragan bishop .
Bernardo Schiaffino ( 1678 -- 6 May 1725 ) was an Italian sculptor of the Baroque period , active mainly in his natal city of Genoa .
Hugh de Mapenor ( or Hugh de Mapenore ; died April 1219 ) was a medieval Bishop of Hereford .
Gustafva Sofia Hjärne ( 4 July 1780 -- 6 December 1860 ) , was a Finnish baroness , writer and salon holder .
William Willoughby , 1st Baron Willoughby of Parham ( c.1515 -- 30 July 1570 ) was an English nobleman and soldier who in 1547 was made an hereditary peer of the House of Lords .
Galan Erilich was a king of the Picts from 510 to 522 .
Giuseppe Aonzo ( 1887 - 1954 ) was an Italian sailor famous for his involvement in the Battle of Premuda .
John Evelyn Denison , 1st Viscount Ossington PC ( 27 January 1800 -- 7 March 1873 ) was a British statesman .
Pieter de Ring , or Ryng ( 1615/1620 -- 22 September 1660 ) was a Dutch Golden Age painter of still lifes .
William Gerard Barry ( 1864 in Ballyadam , Carrigtwohill -- 9 September 1941 ) was an Irish painter .
David McCheyne Newell ( 23 March 1898 -- 1986 ) was an American journalist , novelist , and children 's writer perhaps most famous for his books regarding early twentieth century rural life in western central Florida .
Du Bois Agett ( 1796 - -1866 ) was an early settler in Western Australia .
James Henry Young ( 15 May 1834 -- 9 May 1908 ) was an Australian colonial businessman and politician and Speaker of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly .
William Moise ( 1922 - -1980 ) was a visual artist , primarily an abstract impressionist painter , working in a regionalist style .
Sir James Perrot ( 1571 -- 4 February 1636 ) was a Welsh writer and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1597 and 1629 .
Pieter Arnout Dijxhoorn ( 1810 - -1839 ) , a Dutch marine painter , was born at Rotterdam in 1810 .
Richard Brydges Beechey ( 1808 -- 14 March 1895 ) was an Anglo - Irish painter and Admiral in the Royal Navy .
Ram Niwas Mirdha ( 24 August 1924 -- 29 January 2010 ) was an Indian politician from Rajasthan .
Richard Henry Williams ( June 13 , 1852 -- 1924 ) was a Canadian lumber merchant and political figure in the province of Saskatchewan .
Moses Hull ( 1836 - -1907 ) was a minister for the Seventh - day Adventist Church in the 19th century , who later became a Spiritualist lecturer and author .
James Thomason ( born 3 May 1804 , Great Shelford , near Cambridge , Cambridgeshire , England died 27 September 1853 , Bareilly , India ) was a British colonial governor .
Joe Cockroft ( 20 June 1911 - -February 1994 ) was an English footballer .
Achille Eugène Finet ( 1863 , Argenteuil -- 1913 , París ) was a French botanist best known for his study of orchids native to Japan and China .
William Bedell Stanford ( 16 January 1910 -- 30 December 1984 ) was an Irish classical scholar and senator .
Rajesh Pilot died on 11 June 2000 in a car accident near Jaipur .
Liu Yuxi ( Wade - Giles : Liu Yü - hsi ; simplified Chinese : 刘禹锡 ; traditional Chinese : 劉禹錫 ; pinyin : Liú Yǔxī ) ( 772 - -842 ) was a Chinese poet , philosopher , and essayist , active during the Tang Dynasty .
Alfred M. Moen ( 27 December 1916 -- 17 April 2001 ) was an American inventor and founder of Moen , Inc. He invented the single - handed mixing faucet .
Joshua Brookes ( 24 November 1761 -- 10 January 1833 ) was a British anatomist and naturalist .
Alexander Sauli , C.R.S.P. ( 15 February 1534 -- 11 October 1592 ) , was an Italian priest , who is called the `` Apostle of Corsica '' .
Waman Raghunath Shennoi Varde Valaulikar ( 23 June 1877 -- 9 April 1946 ) known popularly as Shenoi Goembab was a noted Konkani writer and activist .
Osborne Reynolds FRS ( /ˈrɛnəldz/ ; 23 August 1842 -- 21 February 1912 ) was a prominent innovator in the understanding of fluid dynamics .
Amédée Galzin ( 1 May 1853 , Parrinet , Aveyron -- 14 February 1925 , Parrinet ) was a French veterinarian and mycologist .
George Kovalenko , SJ ( born in 1900 , Russian Empire - died on 5 November 1975 , Rome , Italy ) was a Russian Jesuit , a priest of the Catholic Church and a member of Russian apostolate .
Pedro Eugênio de Castro Toledo Cabral ( 29 March 1949 -- 20 April 2015 ) was a Brazilian politician who was an MP from 1998 to 2014 .
William Wriothesley or Wrythe ( pronunciation uncertain : /ˈraɪzli/ RYE - zlee ( archaic ) , /ˈrɒtsli/ ROTT - slee ( present - day ) and /ˈraɪəθsli/ RYE - əths - lee have been suggested ) ( died 1513 ) was an officer of arms at the College of Arms in London .
Gaero of Baekje ( ? --475 , 455 - -475 ) was the 21st king of Baekje , one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea .
Mao Wenlong ( 1579 - -1629 ) , courtesy name Zhennan , was a Chinese military general of the Ming dynasty .
Anglurah Agung ( died 31 October 1686 ) was a king of Gelgel , the paramount kingdom on Bali , who ruled at a time when the political unity of the island began to break down .
Lorne Kidd Smith ( 1880 -- c. 1966 ) was a Canadian painter best known for his scenes from the War of 1812 .
John Wallop , 2nd Earl of Portsmouth ( 29 June 1742 -- 16 May 1797 ) , styled Hon . John Wallop from 1743 to 1749 and Viscount Lymington from 1749 to 1762 , was a British nobleman .
Wei Yuanzhong ( 魏元忠 ) ( died 707 ) , né Wei Zhenzai ( 魏真宰 ) , formally Duke Zhen of Qi ( 齊貞公 ) , was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty and Wu Zetian 's Zhou Dynasty , serving as chancellor during the reigns of Wu Zetian and her son Emperor Zhongzong .
John Netterville , 2nd Viscount Netterville ( c.1603 - 1659 ) was an Irish peer , soldier and statesman .
Charles Mulford Robinson ( 1869 - -1917 ) was a journalist and a writer who became famous as a pioneering Urban Planning theorist .
Gendün Druppa ( Tibetan : དགེ་འདུན་གྲུབ་པ། , Wylie : dge ' dun grub pa , 1391 - -1474 ) was considered posthumously to be the 1st Dalai Lama .
Nat Langham ( 20 May 1820 -- 1 September 1871 ) was an English middleweight bare - knuckle prize fighter .
Eloise Jelinek ( February 2 , 1924 , Dallas - December 21 , 2007 , Tucson ) was an American linguist specializing in the study of syntax .
Bryan Ranft ( 14 July 1917 -- 14 April 2001 ) was an historian of the Royal Navy , who served as Professor of History and International Affairs at the Royal Naval College , Greenwich , 1967 - 1977 .
Mauritius Renninger ( 8 June 1905 - 22 December 1987 ) was a German theoretical physicist noted for his work on crystallography and x - ray optics .
Francesco Zucchi ( Italian pronunciation : ( franˈtʃesko ˈdzukki ) ; Venice , 1692 - 1764 ) , was an Italian engraver , active mainly in Northern Italy .
Étienne de Carheil ( 20 November 1633 -- 27 July 1726 ) was a French Jesuit priest who became a missionary to the Iroquois and Huron Indians in the New World .
Nathaniel Penistone Davis ( 1895 - 1973 ) was an American career diplomat .
Ivo Perović ( 1882 − 1958 ) was Regent of Yugoslavia for the underage Peter II from 1934 to 1941 .
Edward England , born Edward Seegar ( c.1685 - -1721 ) was a famous African coast and Indian Ocean pirate captain from 1717 to 1720 .
Ivor Lloyd Tuckett ( 1873 - -1942 ) was a British professor of physiology , physician , and author .
Ovitigala Vithanage Samantha aka Samantha Vithanage ( died 2002 ) was a third year Management student of the University of Sri Jayewardenepura , Sri Lanka , who pioneered an anti - ragging campaign , and was killed on 7 November 2002 while in a discussion to stop the brutal practice of ragging in the faculty .
Sir Charles Eyre ( died 1729 ) was an administrator of the British East India Company and founder of Fort William , Calcutta .
Josip Vandot ( 15 January 1884 -- 11 July 1944 ) was a Slovene writer and poet who wrote mainly for young readers .
Alexis Korner ( 19 April 1928 -- 1 January 1984 ) was a British blues musician and radio broadcaster , who has sometimes been referred to as `` a founding father of British blues '' .
David Arugete ( 3 April 1921 -- 1 December 1968 ) , commonly known under his pseudonym Darío Moreno , was a Turkish polyglot singer , an accomplished composer , lyricist , and guitarist .
Avraham Deutsch ( Hebrew : אברהם דויטש‎ , born 1889 , died 25 May 1953 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Agudat Yisrael between 1951 and 1953 .
Pierre - Paulin Gourrège ( Bordeaux , 9 June 1749 -- near Cadiz , 27 October 1805 ) was a French Navy officer and captain .
Petru Giovacchini ( 1 February 1910 - 29 September 1955 ) was a Corsican activist , born in Canale - di - Verde to an old noble Corsican family with deep - rooted pro - Italian feelings .
Boris ( Hungarian : Borisz ; c. 1114 -- c. 1154 ) , also known as Boris Kalamanos ( Greek : Βορίσης Καλαμάνος , Russian : Борис Коломанович ) was a claimant to the Hungarian throne in the middle of the 12th century .
Denis - Nicolas Le Nourry ( 18 February 1647 -- 24 March 1724 ) was a French Benedictine scholar of the Congregation of St - Maur , an ecclesiastical writer .
Sir Bartholomew Shower ( 1658 - -1701 ) was an English lawyer and politician , Recorder of London and a prominent High Tory .
Ubalda García de Cañete ( 1807 - -1890 ) was the eldest daughter of the Paraguayan dictator José Gaspar Rodríguez de Francia .
Jean - Baptiste Pillement ( 24 May 1728 -- 26 April 1808 ) was a painter and designer , known for his exquisite and delicate landscapes , but whose importance lies primarily in the engravings done after his drawings , and their influence in spreading the Rococo style and particularly the taste for chinoiserie throughout Europe .
Harutyun Hanesyan ( Armenian : Յարութիւն Հանէսեան ; 1911 -- 1987 ) was an Armenian violist and composer .
Miyoko Ito ( 27 April 1918 - 1983 ) was a Chicago artist known for her watercolor and abstract oil paintings and prints .
Nguyễn Trọng Xuyên ( 1926 - -2012 ) was a Việt Cộng , and later Vietnamese People 's Army , general .
Wilma Montesi ( 3 February 1932 -- 9 April 1953 ) was an Italian woman whose body was discovered near Rome .
Dattatreya Balkrushna Kalelkar ( Devanagari : दत्तात्रेय बाळकृष्ण कालेलकर ) ( 1 December 1895 -- 21 August 1981 ) , popularly known as Kaka Kalelkar , was an Indian independence activist , social reformer and journalist .
Richard de Morville ( died 1189 ) , succeeded his father Hugh de Morville ( died 1162 ) as Constable of Scotland and in his Scottish estates and English lands at Bozeat in Northamptonshire , and Rutland , as well as a number of feus of the Honour of Huntingdon .
Alfred Rosling Bennett ( 1850 in Islington , London -- 24 May 1928 in Matlock , Derbyshire ) was an English electrical engineer .
Dom Pedro Álvares Pereira ( 13 ? ? -- 14 August 1385 ) was a Portuguese noble of the 14th century .
Frank Dalby Davison ( 23 June 1893 - 24 May 1970 ) , also known as F.D. Davison and Freddie Davison , was an Australian novelist and short story writer .
Lee Rutland Scarborough ( 1870 - -1945 ) was an American Baptist pastor , evangelist , denominational leader and professor at the Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary .
Fu Zhensong ( Fu Chen - sung ) or Fu Qiankun ( 1872 - -1953 ) was a grandmaster of Wudangquan martial arts .
( Samuel Victor ) Alberto Zelman ( 15 November 1874 -- 3 March 1927 ) was an Australian musician and conductor , and founder of the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra .
Berit Erbe ( 4 September 1923 -- 13 May 2009 ) was a Danish - Norwegian actress and theatrical historian .
Pribislaw II ( died : after 21 June 1316 ) was a prince from the Parchim - Richenberg line of the House of Mecklenburg .
Hálfdan Narfason ( died 1568 ) , was an Icelandic priest and Galdrmaster .
Frederick Roy Goodall ( 31 December 1902 -- 19 January 1982 ) was a professional footballer , who played for Huddersfield Town for 16 years and played 25 games for England , 12 as captain .
Garci Lasso de la Vega II , also known as `` El Joven '' ( ? - Burgos , 1351 ) was the son of Garci Lasso de la Vega `` El Viejo '' with his first wife , Juana de Castañeda .
Arnaldo Orfila Reynal ( 1897 - -1997 ) was an Argentine - Mexican publisher .
Hans Jacobs ( 30 April 1907 - 24 October 1994 ) was a German sailplane designer and pioneer .
Aaron Solomon Gumperz ( December 10 , 1723 -- 1769 ) was a Jewish German scholar and physician .
Orlando Norie ( 1832 - -1901 ) , artist of military subjects , perhaps the most prolific painter of the British army in the 19th century along with Richard Simkin .
Adam Johnston Fergusson Blair , PC ( 4 November 1815 -- 30 December 1867 ) , known prior to 1862 as Adam Johnston Fergusson , was a Canadian lawyer and politician .
Antoon van den Heuvel , Antoine van den Heuvel or Anton van den Heuvel ( nickname : ' don Antonio ' ) ( c. 1600 -- 5 August 1677 ) was a Flemish history painter and draughtsman .
Arhippa Perttunen ( Russian : Архип Иванович Перттунен ; Ladvozero village , now a part of the Republic of Karelia 1769 -- c. 1841 ) was a Karelian folk singer .
William Sanger ( September 16 , 1885 -- 1975 ) , was an American doctor and past president of the Medical College of Virginia .
Mira Mihelič , also known as Mira Kramer Puc ( 14 July 1912 -- 4 September 1985 ) was a Slovene writer and translator .
Kamekichi Tokita ( 1897 - -1948 ) was a Japanese American painter and diarist .
Bryan Faussett ( 1720 - -1776 ) was an English antiquary .
Charles Newton Little ( 1858 - -1923 ) was an American mathematician and civil engineer .
James Hamilton , 1st Duke of Hamilton KG PC ( 19 June 1606 -- 9 March 1649 ) was a Scottish nobleman and influential political and military leader during the Thirty Years ' War and the Wars of the Three Kingdoms .
Asher Hassin ( Hebrew : אשר חסין‎‎ , 7 July 1918 -- 27 March 1995 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Mapai and its successors between 1959 and 1969 .
Carsten Tank - Nielsen ( 16 September 1877 -- 2 August 1957 ) was a Norwegian naval officer , submarine pioneer and Rear admiral .
Vasilije Matić ( 12 June 1906 -- 20 August 1981 ) was a forestry expert from Yugoslavia .
Alice Betteridge ( 1901 at Sawyers Gully , near Maitland , New South Wales -- 1966 , Woollahra ) is known as the first deafblind child to be educated in Australia .
Addison Clark ( 1842 - -1911 ) was a co - founder and the first president of Texas Christian University ( TCU ) .
Humphrey Middlemore , O.Cart , ( died 19 June 1535 ) was an English Catholic priest and Carthusian hermit , who was executed for treason during the Tudor period .
Mobhí Clárainech ( also Berchan ; died 544 ) was an early monastic saint of Ireland , counted as one of the Twelve Apostles of Ireland .
Thomas Fane , 6th Earl of Westmorland PC ( 3 October 1681 -- 4 June 1736 ) , styled The Honourable Thomas Fane from 1691 to 1699 , was a British peer and member of the House of Lords .
Though he protested his innocence during his staged group trial with 4 other ' co - conspirators , ' and despite the protests of Western nations , Nikola Petkov was hanged on 23 September 1947 and buried in an unknown grave .
Meyer Mishkin ( d 1999 ) was a Hollywood agent .
Jack Sharpley ( 18 February 1906 -- 30 September 1968 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the VFL .
Reginald H. Jones ( 11 July 1917 - 30 December 2003 ( aged 86 ) ) was the chairman and CEO of General Electric from 1972 to 1981 .
Cecil J. Allen ( 1886 - - 5 February 1973 ) was a British railway engineer and technical journalist and writer .
Jeremiah Haralson ( April 1 , 1846 -- 1916 ) , was among the first ten African - American Congressmen in the United States .
Emmott Robinson ( 16 November 1883 -- 17 November 1969 ) was an English first - class cricketer , who played for Yorkshire County Cricket Club from 1919 to 1931 .
Mary Jennifer Guinness ( née Hollwey ; 22 August 1937 -- 23 January 2016 ) , was an English - born Irish socialite and member of the Guinness family .
Gaspar Torrente Español , ( 3 October 1888 in Campo , Ribagorza , Aragon - 21 March 1970 in Barcelona , Catalonia ) , was one of the early 20th century leaders and a founding father of Aragonese nationalism .
Matilda of Frisia ( died in 1044 ) was the first queen of Henry I , King of the Franks .
Richard Teece ( 29 April 1847 -- 13 December 1928 ) was an Australian actuary , general manager and actuary of the Australian Mutual Provident Society .
That was the last historical reference to Li Maoxun , and it is not known when he died -- although he presumably died long before his son Li Keju , facing the mutiny by his officer Li Quanzhong , committed suicide along with his entire family , in 885 .
Sir John Astley , 2nd Baronet ( 1687 -- 29 January 1772 ) was a longtime British politician .
Maxtla ( Nahuatl pronunciation : MASH - LAH ) was a Tepanec ruler ( tlatoani ) of Azcapotzalco from 1426 to his death in 1428 .
Amalia Küssner Coudert ( March 26 , 1863 -- May 1932 ) was an American miniaturist known for her portraits of prominent figures of the late 19th century including Caroline Astor , King Edward VII , Czar Nicholas II of Russia and Cecil Rhodes .
Niall MacGinnis ( 29 March 1913 -- 6 January 1977 ) was an Irish actor who made 80 screen appearances .
Moses de León ( c. 1250 -- 1305 ) , known in Hebrew as Moshe ben Shem - Tov ( משה בן שם - טוב די - ליאון ) , was a Spanish rabbi and Kabbalist who is considered the composer or redactor of the Zohar .
Vilmos Hellebronth ( 24 February 1895 -- 20 May 1971 ) was a Hungarian soldier during World War II , after 16 October 1944 , minister in Ferenc Szálasi 's government .
Sir Charles Malcolm Barclay - Harvey , KCMG ( 2 March 1890 -- 17 November 1969 ) was a British politician and Governor of South Australia from 12 August 1939 until 26 April 1944 .
Charles Edward Long ( 28 July 1796 -- 25 September 1861 ) , was an English genealogist and antiquary .
William Clubbe ( or Clubb ) ( 1745 - -1814 ) was an English clergyman and poetical writer .
Serena Lake ( née Thorne ) ( 28 October 1842 -- 9 July 1902 ) was an English Australian suffragist and evangelical preacher in South Australia .
John F. Carroll ( 1932 -- 1969 ) is one of 17 known people in medical history to have reached a height of 8 feet ( 2.4 m ) or more .
Aluf Aharon Remez ( Hebrew : אהרן רמז‎ , born 8 May 1919 , died 3 April 1994 ) was an Israeli civil servant , politician and diplomat , and the second commander of the Israeli Air Force .
Barry Ono ( 1876 - -1941 ) was a British variety theatre performer , collector of penny dreadfuls and benefactor of the British Library .
Jakob Hassler ( 18 December 1569 -- 1 January 1622 ) was a German Renaissance composer .
Eugen Ray ( 26 July 1957 , Gebstedt , Hebbstedt , Germany -- 18 January 1986 , Leipzig ) was a former East German sprinter who ran in the 100 metres and 200 metres .
James Colleton ( d. c. 1706 ) was a governor of the English proprietary Province of Carolina from 1686 to 1690 .
Sir Christopher Staughton , PC ( 24 May 1933 - 15 October 2014 ) was a British barrister and judge , who sat as a justice of the High Court of Justice , Court of Appeal of England and Wales and President of the Court of Appeal of Gibraltar .
Norman Reilly Raine ( 23 June 1894 -- 19 July 1971 ) was the creator of `` Tugboat Annie '' and a prolific screenwriter who won an Oscar for the screenplay of The Life of Emile Zola ( 1937 ) .
Gustav Hahn ( 27 July 1866 -- 1 December 1962 ) was a German Canadian painter , muralist and interior decorator who pioneered the Art Nouveau style in Canada .
Yehoshua Hankin ( Hebrew : יהושע חנקין‎ , 1864 -- 11 November 1945 ) was a Zionist activist who was responsible for most of the major land purchases of the Zionist Organization in Ottoman Palestine and Mandatory Palestine .
Merziye Feriqi ( or Marziya Fariqi ; Kurdish : مه‌رزیه فه‌ریقی‎ , Merziye Ferîqî ; Persian : مرضیه فریقی‎‎ ) ( 1958 -- 18 September 2005 ) was a Kurdish singer .
Shmuel Merlin ( Hebrew : שמואל מרלין‎ , 1910 -- 4 October 1994 ) was a Revisionist Zionist activist , Irgun member and Israeli politician .
Lyle Saxon ( 1891 - -1946 ) was a respected New Orleans writer and journalist who reported for The Times - Picayune .
Viktor Ferdinand Brotherus ( 28 October 1849 , Sund , Åland -- 9 February 1929 ) , Finnish botanist who studied the mosses ( Bryophyta ) , best known for authoring the treatment of ' Musci ' in Engler and Prantl 's Die Naturlichen Pflanzenfamilien .
Thomas J. Valentino ( died August 4 , 1986 ) was an American businessman of Italian descent being amongst the first to develop libraries of sound effects and taped music .
Charles Gough Howell ( born Cardiff , Wales , 1894 ; died Taiwan Camp , Formosa ( now Taiwan ) , 12 September 1942 ) was a Welsh lawyer and British colonial official , who served as Attorney General of Fiji from 1931 to 1933 , and as Attorney - General of Singapore from 1936 to 1942 .
David Gordon Allen d'Aldecamb Lumsden of Cushnie , FSAL , FSAS ( 25 May 1933 , in Quetta , Baluchistan , Empire of India ( now Pakistan ) -- 29 August 2008 , in Fort William , Scotland ) was a Scottish businessman , nationalist and sometime Baron of Cushnie - Lumsden ( in Aberdeen ) .
Chauncey Northrop Pond ( 1841 - 1920 ) was a Congregational minister ( ordained in 1866 ) devoted to missionary efforts in China prior to , and around the time of , the Boxer Rebellion .
James Fintan Lalor ( in Irish , Séamas Fionntán Ó Leathlobhair ) ( 10 March 1807 -- 27 December 1849 ) was an Irish revolutionary , journalist , and `` one of the most powerful writers of his day . ''
Thomas Perks ( 2 October 1883 - -15 January 1953 ) was an English cricketer who played one first - class match , for MCC against London County at Crystal Palace Park in August 1902 .
Vernon Dixon ( died 14 June 2009 ) was a British set decorator .
Eliseo Arredondo de la Garza ( 5 May 1870 -- 18 October 1923 ) was a Mexican politician and diplomat who briefly served as secretary of the Interior in the government of President Venustiano Carranza ; his cousin and father - in - law .
Roswell George Mills ( 1896 - 1966 ) was a Canadian journalist , poet and magazine publisher .
Neil Heywood ( 20 October 1970 -- 14 November 2011 ) was an English businessman who worked in China .
Priscus of Epirus ( c. 305 -- c. 395 AD ) was a Neoplatonist philosopher and theurgist , a colleague of Maximus of Ephesus , and a friend of the emperor Julian .
Josef Emanuel Hilscher ( 22 January 1806 -- 2 November 1837 ) was an Austrian soldier , poet and translator of other 's poetry .
Kevin F. McCready ( January 30 , 1957 -- December 5 , 2004 ) was a clinical psychologist in Fresno , California .
Empress Zhang Huiguang ( 張徽光 ) ( died 313 ) , formally Empress Wuxiao ( 武孝皇后 , literally `` the martial and filial empress '' ) , was an empress of the Chinese / Xiongnu state Han Zhao .
Werner Theunissen continued to write songs until his death due to a cardiac arrest in a restaurant in England on 18 January 2010 .
Princess Louisa of Great Britain ( Louise Anne ; 19 March 1749 -- 13 May 1768 ) was a grandchild of George II and sister of George III .
Sigmund Zeisler ( 1860 - 1931 ) was a German - Jewish U.S. attorney born in Austria and known for his defense of radicals in Chicago in the 1880s .
Álvaro Lloreda Caicedo ( 15 October 1903 -- 10 April 1985 ) was a Colombian industrialist , newspaper publisher , and politician .
Wilmot Moses Smith ( March 1 , 1852 - -1906 ) was an American jurist and songwriter .
David Hönigsberg ( 28 October 1959 -- 3 February 2005 ) was a South African classical composer , conductor and musicologist .
The Very Rev William Garden Blaikie DD LLD FRSE ( 5 February 1820 , in Aberdeen -- 11 June 1899 ) was a Scottish divine , writer , biographer , and temperance reformer .
Sophie Liebknecht ( 1884 - 1964 ) was a Russian - born German socialist and feminist .
John Ellis Williams ( 20 August 1924 -- 7 December 2008 ) was a novelist and writer , writing in both English and Welsh .
Hon . John Henry Brooke MLA ( 15 May 1826 -- 8 January 1902 ) , was a colonial Victorian politician .
Abraham Sternhartz ( 1862 - -1955 ) , also known as Avraham Shternhartz , was an Orthodox rabbi in Ukraine and a unique and unsurpassed figure in the chain of transmission of Breslover teachings from the early generations of the movement to the latter ones .
Lucien Rouzet ( 23 March 1886 -- 4 March 1948 ) was a French physicist and inventor , who , in 1912 , created a wireless telegraph system .
Jean - François Tartu ( Recouvrance , 11 October 1751 -- Uranie , off Gascogne , 24 October 1793 ) was a French Navy officer , and hero of the French Revolution .
Johann Ludwig von Wolzogen ( 1599 - -1661 ) was an Austrian nobleman and Socinian theologian .
S. L. Shakdhar ( died 2002 ) was a Chief Election Commissioner of India and former Secretary - General of 3rd Lok Sabha , 4th Lok Sabha and 5th Lok Sabha ( Lower House of Parliament of India ) .
Nachume Miller ( 1949 - -1998 ) was an Israeli artist who immigrated to New York City in 1973 , where he made a name for himself in the American Modern Art scene .
Ronnie Carroll ( 18 August 1934 -- 13 April 2015 ) was a Northern Irish singer , entertainer , and political candidate .
Charles Frederick Worth ( 13 October , 1825 -- 10 March , 1895 ) was an English fashion designer who founded the House of Worth , one of the foremost fashion houses of the 19th and early 20th centuries .
Thomas Tlou ( 1 June 1932 -- 28 June 2010 ) was a Botswana academic and historian , and former representative of Botswana at the United Nations .
Douglas Syphax ( 1842 - 4 February 1890 ) or Douglass Syphax was a member of the African - American aristocracy , from a wealthy land - owning family .
Sir Richard FitzLewis or FitzLowys ( by 1453 - 1528 ) , of Bardwell , Suffolk and West Horndon , Essex , was an English politician .
Samuel Halkett ( 1814 - -1871 ) was a Scottish librarian , now known for his work on anonymous publications .
James Boaden ( 1762 - -1839 ) was an English biographer , dramatist , and journalist .
Thomas Paul ( 1773 - -1831 ) was a Baptist minister in Boston , Massachusetts , affiliated with the African Meeting House and the Education Society for the People of Colour .
Reidar Ødegaard ( 24 November 1901 -- 11 April 1972 ) was a Norwegian cross country skier who competed in the 1920s .
Rama Mehta ( 1923 - -1978 ) was an Indian sociologist and writer who is remembered above all for her novel Inside the Haveli ( 1977 ) .
Barbro Östlihn ( b. 1930 - d. 1995 ) was a Swedish artist .
Richard Benese ( died 1546 ) , was a canon of the Augustinian priory of Merton .
Alvin Levin ( 1914 - -1981 ) was an American Jewish writer from Paterson , New Jersey who grew up in the Bronx .
Ulugh Muhammad ( died 1445 ) ( Urdu ; Persian ; Arabic : الغ محمد ; Tatar : Oluğ Möxämmäd , Russian : Olugh Mokhammad ) , written as Ulanus by orientalists , was twice Khan of the Golden Horde and founder of the Khanate of Kazan .
Christmas Evans ( 25 December 1766 -- 19 July 1838 ) was a Welsh Nonconformist minister , regarded as one of the greatest preachers in the history of Wales .
Wiley Lee Housewright , EdD ( 17 October 1913 Wylie , Texas -- 13 December 2003 Tallahassee ) was an American music educator and longtime dean of music at Florida State University .
Pete Winslow ( 1934 - -1972 ) was a surrealist poet associated with the Beat Generation .
Frederick Wilson ( 13 August 1912 , London , UK -- 1994 , Cambridge ) was a British film editor and director .
William Clark Russell ( 24 February 1844 -- 8 November 1911 ) was an English writer best known for his nautical novels .
Sir Thomas Sclater , 1st Baronet ( 9 July 1615 -- 10 December 1684 ) was an English academic , landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1659 .
Nicholas St. John ( by 1526 - 8 November 1589 ) , was an English politician .
Chimalpilli I was a tlatoani ( ruler ) of the Aztec altepetl ( city - state ) of Ecatepec from 1428 until his death in 1465 .
Mary Moss ( 1791 -- 3 January 1875 ) was the mother of William Booth and the second wife of Samuel Booth .
Maharaja Gulab Singh died on 30 June 1857 and was succeeded by his son , Ranbir Singh .
Edward Long ( 23 August 1734 -- 13 March 1813 ) was a British colonial administrator and historian , and author of an influential work , The History of Jamaica ( 1774 ) .
Amos Graham ( March 14 , 1816 - 1865 ) was the first Nodaway County , Missouri clerk .
Victor Reinganum ( 1907 - -1995 ) was an artist and illustrator , probably best known for his illustrations on book dustjackets , including the first editions of Muriel Spark 's The Ballad of Peckham Rye ( 1960 ) and The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie ( 1961 ) .
Filippo Perlo ( 8 February 1873 - 4 November 1948 ) was an Italian Catholic prelate , who was the Vicar Apostolic Emeritus of Kenya ( Archdiocese of Nyeri , Kenya ) and Bishop Titular of Maronea .
Miksa Falk ( or sometimes Maximilian Falk , 7 October 1828 -- 10 September 1908 ) was a Hungarian politician , journalist , member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences and the editor - in - chief of the German - language newspaper Pester Lloyd .
Donald James Allan , FBA , ( 22 December 1907 -- 19 June 1978 ) was professor of Greek at the University of Glasgow from 1957 to 1971 .
George Thomas Stokes ( 1843 - -1898 ) was an Irish ecclesiastical historian .
Countess Eleonóra Zichy de Zich et Vásonkeő ( 28 March 1867 -- 31 January 1945 ) was a Hungarian noblewoman , granddaughter of Count Manó Péchy .
Thomas Mackay ( 1849 -- 1912 ) was a British wine merchant and classical liberal .
Robert John Braidwood ( 29 July 1907 -- 15 January 2003 ) was an American archaeologist and anthropologist , one of the founders of scientific archaeology , and a leader in the field of Near Eastern Prehistory .
Bervin Woods ( 9 January 1910 -- 13 January 2002 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the late 1930s .
Thomas Reynolds - Moreton , 1st Earl of Ducie ( 31 August 1776 -- 22 June 1840 ) was the first Earl of Ducie .
José Romeo ( 1701 - -1772 ) was a Spanish painter of the Baroque period .
Peter Štefan ( or Peter Stefan ) ( 1941 , Bratislava , Slovak Republic -- 18 June 1978 , Tryfan , Wales ) was a Slovak mathematician who was known for his works on dynamical systems and mathematical entropy .
Narayan Shripad Rajhans , better known as Bal Gandharva ( 26 June 1888 -- 15 July 1967 ) , was one of the greatest Marathi singers and stage actors .
Jeanne des Anges , also known as Jeanne de Belcier ( 2 February 1602 -- 29 January 1665 ) , was a French Ursuline nun in Loudun , France .
Lalon , also known as Lalon Sain , Lalon Shah , Lalon Fakir or Mahatma Lalon ( c. 1772 - - 17 October 1890 ; Bengali : 1 Katrik , 1179 ) , was a Bengali Baul saint , mystic , songwriter , social reformer and thinker .
Margaret Godolphin ( 2 August 1652 -- 9 September 1678 ) was a British courtier .
Simon Lazarus ( c. 1820 -- 1877 ) was a Jewish - American clothing retailer and the founder of the predecessor of what was to become The F&R Lazarus & Co. , an operation which blossomed into what is today known as Macy 's , Inc , a major retail holding company in the U.S.
Krystyna Ceynowa , also spelled as Cejnowa ( died 1836 ) , was an ethnic Polish victim of murder by lynching and an alleged witch in Germany .
William Emerton Heitland ( 21 December 1847 -- 23 June 1935 ) was an English Cambridge University based classicist .
William Miller ( 1795 - -1861 ) known throughout Latin America as Guillermo Miller , was an English - born soldier who participated in several South American revolutions , and then became a diplomat .
Helen Foster Snow ( 1907 - -1997 ) was an American journalist who reported from China in the 1930s under the name `` Nym Wales '' on the developing revolution in China and the Korean independence movement .
Hans Kreissig ( May 23 , 1857 -- December 28 , 1929 ) was a German - born American pianist , music teacher , and conductor .
Roslyn Brogue ( 16 February 1919 -- 1 August 1981 ) was an American pianist , violinist , music educator , classics scholar , poet , author and composer .
Antoni Józef Śmieszek ( 1881 -- 1943 ) was a Polish Egyptologist and linguist .
Dr George Freeland Barbour DPhil , JP ( 15 February 1882 -- 18 November 1946 ) , was a Scottish author , philosopher and Liberal Party politician .
Brian Óge Ó hUiginn , Irish poet , died 1505 .
William Tell Coleman ( 1824 - -1893 ) was an American pioneer .
Victor Karpov ( Russian : Виктор Павлович Карпов ) ( born 1 October 1928 in Penza , Russian SFSR , died 23 June 1997 in Moscow , Russia ) was a Russian diplomat , Deputy Soviet Foreign Minister in 1990 - -1991 .
Niranjan Pal ( 17 August 1889 -- 9 November 1959 ) was a playwright , screenwriter and director in the Indian film industry in the silent and early talkie days .
Mara Djordjević ( born Marija Mišović , 31 January 1916 , Odobești , Romania -- 22 January 2003 , Pančevo ) was a Serbian singer of traditional songs .
Frederick Hampden Winston ( November 2 , 1830 -- February 19 , 1904 ) was a prominent American lawyer who was one of the founders of the law firm that is today Winston & Strawn .
Chief Jack House ( ? - 1971 ) was the last traditional , hereditary leader of the Ute Mountain Ute Tribe of Colorado .
Alfred S. Hart ( a.k.a . Al Hart or Alfred Harskovitz ) ( 1904 - -1979 ) was a Hungarian - born American businessman and banker .
James Hardiman ( 1782 - -1855 ) , also known as Séamus Ó hArgadáin , was a librarian at Queen 's College , Galway .
Veljko Despotović ( 1 October 1931 -- 6 April 2013 ) was a notable Serbian film and television production designer .
William Douglas of Cluny ( c.1428 - c. 1475 ) was a Scottish noble who was a guardian to King James III of Scotland and in 1464 , Warden of the Eastern and Middle Marches .
Gershom Carmichael ( 1672 - -1729 ) was a Scottish philosopher .
Ramesh Mantri ( Devanagari : रमेश मंत्री ) ( 1927 - -1997 ) was a Marathi writer primarily of humor from Maharashtra , India .
Peter Bruner ( 1845 - -1938 ) , was born a slave in Kentucky .
John Thomas Haines ( c.1799 - -1843 ) was a British actor and dramatist .
Alexandre de Pontes ( 1968 -- 1993 ) , also known as Xandinho , was a Brazilian bodyboarder , and one of the first Brazilians to have widespread international recognition in the sport .
William Gordon Roe ( 5 January 1932 -- 19 July 1999 ) was an English divine and the Suffragan Bishop of Huntingdon from 1980 until 1997 .
Carmine Gallone ( 18 September 1886 , Taggia -- 4 April 1973 ) was an early acclaimed Italian film director , screenwriter , and film producer .
Charles Wogan ( 1698?--1752 ? ) was a Jacobite soldier of fortune , also known as the Chevalier Wogan .
Wally Heider ( 1923 - -1989 ) was an American recording engineer and recording studio owner ( Wally Heider Studios . )
Philippe d'Auvergne ( 13 November 1754 -- 18 September 1816 ) was a British naval officer and the adopted son of Godefroy de La Tour d'Auvergne the sovereign Duke of Bouillon .
Prof . Nishtala Appala Narasimham , shortly N. A. Narasimham M.Sc . , Ph.D. ( 15 August 1922 - 8 April 2002 ) was an Indian physicist and eminent Spectroscopist .
Colonel Edward Sexby or Saxby ( 1616 -- 13 January 1658 ) was an English Puritan soldier and Leveller in the army of Oliver Cromwell .
Khalil al - Zahawi ( Arabic : خليل الزهاوي‎ ; 1946 - 25 May 2007 ) was one of Iraq 's most prominent calligraphers .
Jim Brakefield ( c. 1919 - -2002 ) was an American football player and coach of football and baseball .
Anthony Kohlmann , S.J. ( 13 July 1771 -- 11 April 1836 ) , was an Alsatian Jesuit priest .
Donald Lines Jacobus , FASG ( 1887 - 1970 ) of New Haven , Connecticut , was widely regarded among genealogists as the dean of American genealogy during his lifetime .
Muhammad Sa'id al-'Ashmawi ( Arabic : محمد سعيد العشماوى‎ , IPA : ( mæˈħæmmæd sæˈʕiːd el.ʕæʃˈmæːwi ) ; 1932 -- 7 November 2013 ) was an Egyptian Supreme Court justice and former head of the Court of State Security .
William Trytel ( 1894 - 1964 ) , frequently credited as W.L. Trytel , was a Dutch - born composer .
Lodovico Leoni ( Padua , 1531 - - Rome , 1606 ) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period , mainly active in Rome .
Frances Power Cobbe ( 4 December 1822 -- 5 April 1904 ) was an Irish writer , social reformer , anti - vivisection activist , and leading women 's suffrage campaigner .
Eva Watson - Schütze ( 1867 - -1935 ) was an American photographer and painter who was one of the founding members of the Photo - Secession .
Walter Reyno ( 13 February 1935 -- 3 December 2014 ) was a Uruguayan actor and theater director .
Harry Creber ( 30 April 1872 -- 27 March 1939 ) was an English cricketer active from 1898 to 1922 who played for Glamorgan .
Barbara Longhi ( /bɑrˈbɑrə ˈlɒŋɡi/ ; 21 September 1552 -- 23 December 1638 ) was an Italian painter .
Wenno ( von Rohrbach ) , also known as Winno , Vinno , and Winne , was the first Master ( Herrmeister ) of the Livonian Brothers of the Sword , leading the Order from 1204 to 1209 .
Wilson Carlile , CH ( 1847 - -1942 ) was an English evangelist who founded the Church Army , and was Prebendary of St Paul 's Cathedral .
David ben Judah Messer Leon ( c. 1470 in Venice -- c. 1526 in Salonica ) was an Italian rabbi , physician and writer , who defended the value of secular disciplines and the Renaissance humanities as an important part of traditional Jewish studies .
Manuel Vieira de Albuquerque Touvar ( 28 April 1776 - Lisbon ; 14 June 1833 ) was a Portuguese nobleman , who served first as Captain - General in Brazil , but ultimately as the 9th Captain general of the archipelago of the Azores .
Henry Mark Anthony ( 4 August 1817 in Manchester -- 1 December 1886 in London ) was an English landscape artist , often favourably compared to John Constable by critics .
Álvaro José Arroyo González ( also known as Joe Arroyo or El Joe ; 1 November 1955 -- 26 July 2011 ) was a Colombian salsa and tropical music singer , composer and songwriter .
Frantz Hunt Coe ( 1856 - -1904 ) was a Seattle physician , public official and educator .
Abol Fath Khan Zand ( Persian : ابوالفتح خان زند‎‎ Abul - Fatḥ Khān Zand ; 1755/1756 -- 1787 ) was the third Shah of the Zand dynasty , and ruled the Persian Empire from March 6 , 1779 until August 22 , 1779 .
Norman Belcher ( 10 July 1879 -- 31 January 1947 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong and Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Georg von Dollmann ( 1830 - -1895 ) was a German architect and Bavarian government building officer .
St. Vincent de Paul ( 24 April 1581 -- 27 September 1660 ) was a French Roman Catholic priest who dedicated himself to serving the poor .
Josef Klaus ( 15 August 1910 - 26 July 2001 ) was an Austrian politician of the conservative People 's Party ( ÖVP ) .
Walter Mackersie Smith ( 1842 - 1906 ) was a Scottish engineer who made an important contribution to the development of the compound steam locomotive .
Rameshwar Das Birla ( also Rameshwardas Birla ) ( 1892 - -1973 ) was an Indian entrepreneur and philanthropist .
Frank McDowell Leavitt ( 1856 - -1928 ) was an American engineer and inventor .
George Paciullo , OAM ( 20 February 1934 -- 9 October 2012 ) was an Australian politician .
Nicolae Cambrea ( 1900 - -1976 ) was a Romanian Brigadier - General during World War II . In 1942 , heserved as Chief of Staff 5th Division .
( Montague ) David Eder ( 1865 - -1936 ) was a British psychoanalyst , physician , Zionist and writer .
Arthur Farre ( 6 March 1811 , London -- 17 December 1887 , London ) , was an English obstetric physician .
Robert of Lexinton or Lessington ( died 29 May 1250 ) was a British judge and administrator .
Richard de Montfichet ( or Richard de Munfichet ) ( died 1267 ) was a Magna Carta surety .
Carter Jefferson ( 1946 -- 9 December 1993 ) was an American jazz tenor saxophonist .
Hilary Tindall ( 14 August 1938 - 5 December 1992 ) was an English stage and television actress .
Mahmud Hussain Khan ( Urdu : محمود حسین خان‎ ; 5 July 1907 -- 12 April 1975 ) was a Pakistani academic , educationist , and politician , credited with pioneering the study of social sciences in Pakistan .
Mikołaj Błociszewski ( Nicholas de Błociszewo ) of Ostoja coat of arms ( d. 1419 ) - the court knight and deputy of King Jogaila ( Władysław Jagiełło ) to negotiate with the Teutonic Knights .
Frederick Styles Agate ( 29 January 1803 -- 1 May 1844 ) was a noted painter best known for his paintings Ugolino and Old Oaken Bucket .
Georgios Tertsetis ( Greek : Γεώργιος Τερτσέτης 1800 , Zakynthos -- 15 April 1874 , Athens ) was a Greek independence fighter , historian , politician , poet , writer , judge and philosopher .
Baconin Borzacchini ( 28 September 1898 -- 10 September 1933 ) was an Italian Grand Prix motor racing driver often referred to as Mario Umberto Borzacchini .
John Douglas , 2nd Earl of Morton died 9 September 1513 at the Battle of Flodden .
Mihailo Dožić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Михаило Дoжић ; 1848 - -1914 ) was a Serbian Orthodox hierodeacon and archimandrite , who established an insurgent battalion in Potarje ( in Montenegro ) to fight against Ottoman rule in the region .
Huberto Rohden Sobrinho , known as Huberto Rohden , ( 1893 - -1981 ) was a Brazilian philosopher , educator and theologist .
John Meshullam ( 1799 - -1878 ) was a British born Jew .
David E. Reed ( 1927 - -1990 ) , was a Reader 's Digest roving editor .
Pinchas Hacohen Peli ( 1930 - -1989 ) was an Israeli modern Orthodox rabbi , essayist , poet and scholar of Judaism and Jewish philosophy .
George Hobart , 3rd Earl of Buckinghamshire ( 8 September 1731 -- 14 November 1804 ) was a British peer , styled The Honourable George Hobart from 1733 until 1793 .
Fong Chong Pik ( 1926 - -2004 ) , also known as Fang Chuang Pi , was a political activist and member of the Communist Party of Malaya ( CPM ) , otherwise known as the Malayan Communist Party ( MCP ) .
Vaikunthbhai Mehta ( 26 October 1891 -- 27 October 1964 ) was a pioneer leader of Indian Cooperative Movement .
John Winstanley ( 1678 ? -- 1750 ) was an English Enlightenment figure and poet , probably born in Ireland .
Cenn Fáelad mac Ailella ( alias Cennfaeladh ) ( died 679 ) was an Irish scholar renowned for having his memory markedly improve and possibly becoming eidetic after suffering a head wound in battle .
John Warrington Rogers ( 1822 -- 10 February 1906 ) , M.A. , Q.C. , was a lawyer , member of parliament for the colony of Tasmania and judge of the County Court of Victoria .
Wilfred Lievesley ( born 6 October 1902 - 21 February 1979 ) was an English footballer .
Gnaeus Cornelius Lentulus Gaetulicus ( died 39 ) was a Roman general and politician .
John Edward Sowerby ( 17 January 1825 -- 28 January 1870 ) was a British botanical illustrator and publisher born in Lambeth , London on 17 January 1825 .
John Saris ( c. 1580 -- 1643 ) was the captain of the first English voyage to Japan , in 1613 , on board the Clove .
Alfred Gregory FBIPP , FRPS ( Hon ) ( 12 February 1913 -- 9 February 2010 ) was a British mountaineer , explorer and professional photographer .
Titus Ozon ( 13 May 1927 -- 24 November 1996 ) was a Romanian international football striker .
George Wilfred Anthony ( 1810 - 14 Nov 1859 ) was an English landscape painter , art teacher and art critic .
Saadi Al Munla ( 1890 - 1975 ) was a Lebanese politician and one of the former Lebanese prime ministers .
Domenico Mona ( also called Moni , Monna , or Monio ) ( 1550 - -1602 ) was an Italian painter of the late - Renaissance period , born in Ferrara .
Maha Vidhwan Rao Sahib Mu Raghava Iyengar ( Tamil : மு ராகவ ஐயங்கார் ) ( 1878 - -1960 ) was a well known Tamil scholar and researcher of Tamil literature .
Alex McCracken ( died 25 August 1915 ) was the first president of the Victorian Football League .
Eric Louis Boetzel ( May 18 , 1884 - January 1958 ) was the deputy Attorney General of New York State , and a former Manhattan Assistant District Attorney .
Abbas Tyabji ( 1 February 1854 -- 9 June 1936 ) was an Indian freedom fighter from Gujarat , who once served as the Chief Justice of the ( Baroda ) Gujarat High Court .
Walter Reinhardt Sombre ( born as Walter Reinhardt or Reinert ; c. 1725 -- 1778 ) was an adventurer and mercenary in India from the 1760s .
Hubert Maurer ( 10 June 1738 -- 10 December 1818 ) was an Austrian painter , draughtsman , and teacher .
George Bean ( 7 March 1864 in Sutton - in - Ashfield , Nottinghamshire , England -- 16 March 1923 in Mansfield , Nottinghamshire , England ) was a cricketer who played first - class cricket for Sussex County Cricket Club between 1886 and 1898 .
Pierre - Nicolas Tourgueneff ( 4 April 1853 -- 21 March 1912 ) was a French animalier sculptor and painter of the late 19th century and early 20th century .
Honourable Wilfred Gilbert Thesiger , DSO ( 25 March 1871- 31 January 1920 ) was a British officer and diplomat , who was British Minister in Ethiopia from 1909 to 1919 .
Ivan Bezpaly ( Ukrainian Iван Безпалий , Russian Иван Беспалый died 1718 ) was a Cossack colonel of the Uman Regiment , and the leader of the pro - Russian faction in the Eastern Ukraine .
William Penhallow Henderson ( 1877 - 1943 ) was an American painter , architect , and furniture designer .
David Stewart Dawson ( 1849 -- 6 August 1932 ) , frequently referred to as Stewart Dawson , was an Australian manufacturing jeweller and property tycoon born in Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
Antonio Bertali ( probably March 1605 -- 17 April 1669 ) was an Italian composer and violinist of the Baroque era .
Felipe de León ( died 1728 ) was a Spanish painter of the Baroque period active in Seville .
Jan Miense Molenaer ( 1610 -- buried 19 September 1668 ) , was a Dutch Golden Age genre painter whose style was a precursor to Jan Steen 's work during Dutch Golden Age painting .
John Bradbury , 2nd Baron Bradbury , of Winsford in the County of Chester ( 7 January 1914 -- 31 March 1994 ) was a British peer and member of the House of Lords , the second holder of the title Baron Bradbury .
Albin Ström ( 1892 , Ånimskog -- 1962 ) was a Swedish socialist politician from Gothenburg .
William Chevir ( died 1446 ) was an Irish politician and judge , whose career was marked by accusations of oppression and corruption .
Fogartach mac Néill ( died 724 ) , sometimes called Fogartach ua Cernaich , was an Irish king who is reckoned a High King of Ireland .
Stephen Alfred Forbes ( 29 May 1844 -- 13 March 1930 ) was the first Chief of the Illinois Natural History Survey , a founder of aquatic ecosystem science and a dominant figure in the rise of American ecology .
Neville Usborne ( 27 February 1888 -- 21 February 1916 ) was a British naval officer who played a prominent part in British military lighter - than - air aviation before the First World War .
Philip Frowde ( died 1738 ) was an English poet and dramatist .
Akaki Khoshtaria ( Georgian : აკაკი ხოშტარია , Russian : Акакий Мефодьевич Хоштария , Akakiy Mefodievich Khoshtariya ) ( 1873 -- 1932 ) was a Georgian entrepreneur , socialite , and philanthropist .
Percy Verner Noble ( 18 December 1902 -- 19 June 1996 ) was a Canadian politician who served as a Progressive Conservative Member of Parliament .
Coramae Richey Mann ( 1931 - -2004 ) was a professor emeritus of criminal justice at the University of Illinois at Chicago .
John Guyse ( 1680 - 1761 ) was an English independent minister .
Mario Pretto ( 7 October 1915 -- 2 April 1984 ) was an Italian footballer turned coach who managed Bolivia in the 1950 FIFA World Cup .
Ioan Sterca - Șuluțiu ( 1796 - -1858 ) was an ethnic Romanian bureaucrat in the administration of Imperial Austrian Transylvania , owner of gold mines at Abrud , and the brother of Greek - Catholic Metropolitan Alexandru Sterca - Șuluțiu .
Yehiel Duvdevani ( Hebrew : יחיאל דובדבני‎ , born 1896 , died 30 April 1988 ) was a Zionist activist and politician .
Sir Owen Morgan Edwards ( 26 December 1858 -- 15 May 1920 ) was a Welsh historian , educationalist and writer .
Christopher David Allen ( 13 January 1938 -- 13 March 2015 ) , better known as Daevid Allen , sometimes credited as Divided Alien , was an Australian poet , guitarist , singer , composer and performance artist .
Jules Moriceau ( 2 January 1887 Nantes -- 20 June 1977 Garches ) was a French racecar driver .
Robert F. Howard ( 1883 - 1963 ) was an educator , pecan farmer , and cattle - rancher who founded the FarmHouse college fraternity .
Vespasiano Colonna ( c. 1485 - 13 March 1528 ) was an Italian nobleman and condottiero , a member of the Colonna family .
Anders Platou Wyller ( 24 April 1903 - 2 October 1940 ) was a Norwegian philologist and humanist .
Vincenzo Barboni ( 1802 - -1859 ) was an Italian painter , mainly depicting sacred subjects in a Neoclassical style .
Virginie Amélie Avegno Gautreau ( née Avegno , 29 January 1859 -- 25 July 1915 ) was born in New Orleans but grew up from the age of eight in France , where she became a Parisian socialite known for her beauty .
Ivan Lenković ( died 22 June 1569 ) was a Habsburg Croatian army general and the leader of the Uskoks .
Charles Evelyn Pierrepont , Viscount Newark MP ( 2 September 1805 - 23 August 1850 ) was a Member of Parliament for East Retford , and poet .
Richard E. Turner ( 1920 - -1986 ) was a fighter pilot with the 9th Air Force in the European Theater during World War II and early in the Korean War .
Avan Yuzbashi ( 1670 - -1735 ) was an 18th - century commander of Armenian armies in Nagorno Karabakh .
Sophie Watillon ( 7 December 1965 -- 31 August 2005 ) was a Belgian viol player who specialized in Baroque music .
Nikita Romanovich ( Russian : Никита Романович ; born ca . 1522 , died 23 April 1586 ) , also known as Nikita Romanovich Zakharyin - Yuriev , was a Muscovite boyar in 1563 .
William Vestey , 1st Baron Vestey , Bt ( 21 January 1859 -- 10 December 1940 ) was an English shipping magnate .
P. N. Mari Bhat ( 1951 - -2007 ) , distinguished Indian demographer , was a student of Samuel H. Preston at the University of Pennsylvania from where he received his Ph.D. in 1987 .
Jean - François Salvard ( or Salvart ) ( c. 1530 -- 1585 ) was a French - Swiss Reformed theologian , known as the editor of the Harmonia confessionum of 1581 .
Pierre Louis de Saffon ( 1724 , France - August 1784 , Demerara ) was a French duelist that escaped to exile in the Dutch colony of Demerara , now in Guyana , only to later become a wealthy land owner .
Kgosi Seepapitso IV ( died 24 March 2010 ) was a chief of the Ngwaketse tribe of Botswana .
Giacomo Appiotti ( 1873 -- 1948 ) was Lieutenant General of the Italian Army during the Second Italo - Abyssinian War .
Henry Standing Bear ( c.1874 - 1953 ) ( `` Mato Naji '' ) was an Oglala Lakota Chief .
Trần Quảng Vận , penname Trần Lâm ( 1922 - 2011 ) was a Vietnamese journalist .
Simon Burton , M.D. , F.R.C.P. ( c.1690 - -1744 ) , was an English physician .
Edward Samuel Ritchie ( 1814 - -1895 ) , an American inventor and physicist , is considered to be the most innovative instrument maker in nineteenth - century America , making important contributions to both science and navigation .
Gideon Joubert ( 4 September 1923 -- 27 October 2010 ) was a South African writer and journalist ( at Die Burger ) who was known for his Intelligent Design - opinions , especially present in his book , Die Groot Gedagte , which was his biggest success .
Sir Joshua Vanneck , 1st Baronet ( 1702 - died 6 March 1777 ) was a British - Dutch merchant .
The Hon . Octavius Duncombe ( 8 April 1817 -- 3 December 1879 ) was a British Conservative politician .
Lauritz Peter Holmblad ( 8 July 1815 -- 16 November 1890 ) , usually referred to as L. P. Holmblad , was a Danish industrialist and philanthropist .
Muhammad Asad ( pronounced ( ˈmoʊ̯hämæd ˈæsæd ) , Urdu : محمد أسد‎ , born Leopold Weiss ; 2 July 1900 -- 20 February 1992 ) was a Jewish - born Austro - Hungarian journalist , traveler , writer , linguist , thinker , political theorist , diplomat and Islamic scholar .
Edgar Vincent , 1st Viscount D'Abernon GCB GCMG PC FRS ( 19 August 1857 -- 1 November 1941 ) was a British politician , diplomat , art collector and author .
Louis Huth ( 22 March 1821 -- 12 February 1905 ) , was a British company director , merchant banker , art collector , art dealer and patron of Aesthetic movement artists .
Colonel John Tayloe II ( 28 May 1721 -- 18 April 1779 ) was among the richest plantation owners in colonial Virginia .
Stephen du Perche ( 1137/8 - -1169 ) was the chancellor of the Kingdom of Sicily ( 1166 - -68 ) and Archbishop of Palermo ( 1167 - -68 ) during the early regency of his cousin , Queen Margaret of Navarre ( 1166 - -71 ) .
Philip Wenman , 6th Viscount Wenman ( 23 November 1719 -- 16 August 1760 ) , was a British landowner and politician .
Ng Hon - tsz , JP ( 1877 -- 11 April 1932 ) was a Hong Kong businessman and member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong .
Daniel Mornin ( 1956 - 2014 ) was an award winning playwright , screenwriter and novelist writing about contemporary Ulster .
Adam Ottley ( 1655 - -1723 ) was an English churchman , Bishop of St David 's from 1713 .
Arne Åkermark ( 1902 - -1962 ) was a Swedish art director who worked on around a hundred and eighty films during a thirty year career .
Friedrich Kurt Fiedler ( 8 March 1894 -- 11 November 1950 ) was a German graphic designer and a representative of the Social Democratic Party .
Osborne Gordon ( 1813 - 1883 ) was an influential Oxford college tutor and Church of England Clergyman .
John Glendwr Owen CB ( 1914 - 1977 ) was a senior British civil servant .
Sydney Edward Wright ( 3 June 1914 -- 7 October 1966 ) was an Australian academic , pacifist , pharmacist , pharmacy college head and technical / TAFE college teacher .
George Gordon Hoskins FRIBA ( 28 October 1837 -- 11 December 1911 ) , was an English architect responsible for the design of several public buildings in the North East of England .
Ronald Douglas Maxwell ( 1919 -- 23 December 1941 ) was a British soldier during World War II , serving in the Hong Kong Volunteer Defence Corps .
Richard Cragun ( 5 October 1944 -- 6 August 2012 ) was an American ballet dancer who rose to international fame with the Stuttgart Ballet in Germany .
Vice - Admiral Sir Henry Deacon Barry , KCVO ( 27 November 1849 - 14 November 1908 ) was a British Royal Navy officer who was Admiral superintendent at Portsmouth dockyard .
Hamiora Pere ( died 16 November 1869 ) was the only New Zealander ever to be executed for treason .
John Wodehouse , 2nd Baron Wodehouse ( 11 January 1771 -- 31 May 1846 ) , styled The Honourable John Wodehouse from 1797 to 1834 , was a British peer and Member of Parliament .
Cui Zhiwen ( 崔知溫 ) ( 627 -- April 27 , 683 ) , courtesy name Liren ( 禮仁 ) , was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty , serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Gaozong .
Robert Kirkland Kernighan ( 25 April 1854 -- 3 November 1926 ) was a Canadian poet , journalist , and farmer .
Egnatius Lucillianus ( c. 210 -- aft . 244 ) was a Governor or Legatus of Britannia Inferior at Eboracum , a province of Britannia some time between 238 and 244 .
Carlos Cuarteron ( 1816 - -1880 ) , was a Spanish mariner who later became a priest and established the first Roman Catholic missions in northern Borneo .
Udo Jürgens ( born Udo Jürgen Bockelmann ; 30 September 1934 -- 21 December 2014 ) was an Austrian - Swiss composer and singer of popular music whose career spanned over fifty years .
Claud Carr ( 29 November 1905 -- 4 March 1948 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Kim Hyowon(김효원 , 金孝元 , 1532 -- 1 April 1590 ) was a Korean Joseon Dynastys politician and Writer , and a Neo Confucian scholar .
Sir John Lumsden KBE ( 14 November 1869 -- 3 September 1944 ) was an Irish physician and the founder of the St. John Ambulance Brigade of Ireland .
The Honourable Henry Grey Bennet ( 2 December 1777 -- 29 May 1836 ) was a British politician .
Arthur Sleith ( 22 December 1917 -- 17 December 2008 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Dr. Morton Shulman , OC ( 25 April 1925 -- 18 August 2000 ) was a Canadian politician , businessman , broadcaster , columnist , coroner , and physician .
Raja Sri Raghunatha Raya Tondaiman ( 1641 - 1730 ) was the ruler of the Pudukkottai kingdom from 1686 to 1730 .
Louis II , Cardinal of Guise ( 6 July 1555 , Dampierre -- 24 December 1588 , Château de Blois ) , was the third son of Francis , Duke of Guise , and Anna d'Este .
Frederick Augustus Voigt ( 1892 - -1957 ) , British journalist and author of German descent , most famous for his work with the Manchester Guardian and his opposition to dictatorship and totalitarianism on the European Continent .
Nevesinli Salih Pasha ( Bosnian : Salih - paša Nevesinjac ; Cyrillic : Салих-паша Невесињац , died 16 September 1647 ) was an Ottoman civil servant and grand vizier .
Sid Kuller ( 27 October 1910 New York , New York -- 16 September 1993 in Sherman Oaks , California ) was an American comedy writer , producer and lyricist / composer , who concentrated on special musical material , gags and sketches for leading comics .
Michael Birkett , 2nd Baron Birkett ( 22 October 1929 -- 3 April 2015 ) , was a British film producer / director , author and hereditary peer .
Charles Allen Duval , often spelled duVal or Du Val , ( 19 March 1810 -- 14 June 1872 ) , was a well - known Victorian portrait painter , photographer , literary critic , illustrator and writer .
Jacob Abbot Cummings ( 1773 - -1820 ) was a bookseller , publisher , schoolteacher and author in Boston , Massachusetts , in the early 19th - century .
Tuala Ainiu Iusitino ( 1936 -- 31 August 2010 ) was a Samoan politician and former Cabinet Minister .
Harry G. John , Jr. ( 1919 - -1992 ) was an American philanthropist , founder of the De Rance Foundation and heir to the Miller Brewing Company fortune through his grandfather , founder Frederick Miller .
William Wayne Paul ( 1939 - -1989 ) was an American martial artist , educator , psychologist and social / political activist .
William Blenkiron ( 1807?--1871 ) was an English breeder of racehorses .
Count Johan Gabriel Oxenstierna ( 19 July 1750 -- 29 July 1818 ) is considered one of the foremost Swedish poets of the Gustavian period .
John Fitzedmund Fitzgerald ( died 1589 ) was the hereditary Seneschal of Imokilly , an Irish nobleman of the Welsh - Norman FitzGerald dynasty in the province of Munster , who rebelled against the crown during the reign of Queen Elizabeth of England .
Tiny Winters ( Frederick Gittens , 24 January 1909 , London--7 February 1996 ) was an English jazz bassist and vocalist who worked in the bands of Roy Fox , Bert Ambrose , Lew Stone and Ray Noble .
May Wirth ( 6 June 1894 -- 18 October 1978 ) was an Australian circus and vaudeville performer famous for her ability to do somersaults forwards and backwards on a running horse .
Sir David de la Hay ( c. 1318 - -1346 ) was Lord High Constable of Scotland .
Ernesto Ambrosini ( 29 September 1894 -- 4 November 1951 ) was an Italian athlete who competed mainly in the 3000 metres steeplechase .
Balthasar Siberer ( 1679 - -1757 ) was an Austrian - born German gymnasium teacher , known for having been an early organ instructor of both Johann Ernst Eberlin and Leopold Mozart .
Reidar Haaland ( 21 February 1919 -- 17 August 1945 ) was a police officer and voluntary frontline soldier for the German forces .
Tarun Chandra Pamegam was born in the year 1928 and he died in the year 1986 .
John Lack O'Sullivan ( 1976 - -19 November 2002 ) was a Gaelic footballer and Australian rules footballer .
Horst Höltring ( 30 June 1913 -- 24 August 1943 ) was a German U - boat commander in World War II .
Andrew J. Kuehn ( September 24 , 1937 -- January 29 , 2004 ) is notable for revolutionizing the American film trailer in the early 1960s and for producing and directing featurette films for television like Lights , Camera , Annie !
Lorna Bingham ( 1912 -- July 1970 ) was an Australian actress writer best known for her work on radio and her children 's books .
Claus Pavels ( 8 January 1769 - -16 February 1822 ) was a Norwegian priest and diarist .
Thomas Henry Poole ( 1860 -- 31 July 1919 ) was British - born architect who designed numerous churches and schools in New York City .
Patrick Villiers Farrow ( 1942 - -2009 ) was an American sculptor and lifelong peace and environmental activist .
Boļeslavs Maikovskis ( 21 January 1904 -- 19 April 1996 ) was a Latvian and alleged Nazi collaborator who served as chief of police for the second precinct of Rēzekne while the Germans occupied Latvia in World War II . After the war Maikovskis went to Austria before reaching the United States in 1951 .
Strickland Kneass ( 29 July 1821 Philadelphia - 14 January 1884 Philadelphia ) was a United States civil engineer .
Louis Plaidy ( 28 November 1810 in Hubertusburg , Saxony -- 3 March 1874 in Grimma , Saxony ) was a celebrated German piano pedagogue and compiler of books of technical music studies .
Frits von der Lippe ( 1 June 1901 -- 5 September 1988 ) was a Norwegian journalist and theatre director .
Daniel Zwicker ( 22 January 1612 -- 10 November 1678 ) was a German physician from Danzig , and a Socinian theologian and controversialist of the Polish Brethren .
Barnett Cohen ( 1891 - -1952 ) was a Russian - born American bacteriologist who performed the first ultra - microscopic surgeries , including on amoeba .
Finan of Lindisfarne ( died 17 February 661 ) , also known as Saint Finan , was an Irish monk , trained at Iona in Scotland , who became the second Bishop of Lindisfarne from 651 until 661 .
James W. McLaughlin ( 1834 - -1923 ) was a Cincinnati , Ohio architect .
Albert Bird ( 17 August 1867 -- 16 June 1927 ) was an English cricketer : a right - arm off - break bowler and lower - order right - handed batsman who played for Worcestershire for the first ten years of their existence as a first - class county .
Henry Clegg ( 8 December 1850 -- 30 December 1920 ) was an English first - class cricketer , who played six matches for Yorkshire County Cricket Club in 1881 .
Gene Gutchë ( born Romeo Maximilian Eugene Ludwig Gutschë ; 3 July 1907 , Berlin -- 15 November 2000 , White Bear Lake , Minnesota ) was a German composer active primarily in America .
Mary Howard de Liagre , née Rogers ( 18 May 1913 -- 6 June 2009 ) was an American actress usually credited as Mary Howard .
Oskar Sala ( 18 July 1910 -- 26 February 2002 ) was a 20th - century German physicist , composer and a pioneer of electronic music born in Greiz .
Andrée Marlière ( born Andrée Isabelle Germaine Marlier , Antwerp 22 February 1934 -- Wilrijk , St - Augustinus hospital 10 January 2008 ) is a Belgian ballet dancer and painter .
William Dance ( 20 December 1755 -- 5 June 1840 ) was an English pianist and violinist .
Susan Williams - Ellis ( 6 June 1918 -- 26 November 2007 ) was an English pottery designer , who was best known for co - founding Portmeirion Pottery .
Lucy Wright ( February 5 , 1760 -- 1821 ) was the leader of the United Society of Believers in Christ 's Second Appearing , also known as the Shakers , from 1796 until 1821 .
Ernest Worrall ( 1898 - -1972 ) was an English artist and teacher .
Benjamin Flight ( 1767?--1847 ) , was an organ - builder .
Juan de Ugalde later also ( wrongly ) known by American settlers as Juan de Uvalde ( December 9 , 1729 -- 1816 ) was born in Cádiz , Spain .
William II , Lord of Béthune , nicknamed William the Red ( French : Guillaume le Roux de Bethune ; d. April 1214 ) was French nobleman .
Alex Chola ( 5 June 1956 -- 27 April 1993 ) was a Zambian footballer and coach .
António José da Silva Coutinho ( 8 May 1705 -- 18 October 1739 ) was a Brazilian dramatist , known as `` the Jew '' ( O Judeu ) .
Charles Tennyson d'Eyncourt ( 20 July 1784 -- 21 July 1861 ) , born Charles Tennyson , was a British politician , landowner and Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Stamford from 1831 to 1832 and for Lambeth from 1832 to 1852 .
Benjamin Wrench ( 1778 - -1843 ) , was an actor , born in 1778 in London , where his father occupied `` a lucrative appointment in the Exchequer . ''
Bentley Collingwood Hilliam , usually credited as B C Hilliam ( 1890 - -1968 ) , was a singer , song - writer and musician , and the first - named member of the comedy duo Mr. Flotsam and Mr. Jetsam ( Mr. Jetsam was Malcolm McEachern ) .
Sir James Leyburn ( c1490 - 20 August 1548 ) was MP for Westmorland in 1542 and 1545 .
Richard Eastcott ( baptised 1744 - -1828 ) was an English clergyman and writer on music .
Ranald George Macdonald ( 29 August 1788 -- 11 March 1873 ) was a Scottish clan chief and Member of Parliament .
Giovanni Picchi ( 1571 or 1572 -- 17 May 1643 ) was an Italian composer , organist , lutenist , and harpsichordist of the early Baroque era .
Francesco Vaccaro or Vicaro ( 24 September 1636 -- 13 December 1675 ) was an Italian painter and engraver of the Baroque period , who trained in his native Bologna under Francesco Albani .
Sir Patrick Lindesay , KCB , KCH ( 24 February 1778 -- 14 March 1839 ) was a military officer during the Napoleonic Wars and Peninsular War but is most noted as having served as Acting Governor of New South Wales , Australia in 1831 .
Liu Yiming ( 1734 - -1821 ) was one of the main representatives of Taoist Internal Alchemy , or Neidan .
Patricio Samper Gnecco ( 1 November 1930 -- 5 January 2006 ) was a Colombia architect , urbanist and politician .
Lionel Tollemache , 3rd Earl of Dysart ( 30 January 1649 -- 23 February 1727 n.s . )
Gruffydd Vychan ap Iowerth Goch ( 1150 - 1221 ) was a medieval British knight and Marcher lord .
Peter Graham Scott ( 27 October 1923 -- 5 August 2007 ) was an English film producer , film director , film editor and screenwriter .
Right Reverend Jacob Bastiampillai Deogupillai ( 9 April 1917 -- 25 April 2003 ) was a Ceylon Tamil priest and Roman Catholic Bishop of Jaffna .
Lithang Tulku Tenzin Delek Rinpoche or Tenzing Deleg ( Tibetan : བསྟན་འཛིན་བདེ་ལེགས་ , Wylie : Bstan ' dzin bde legs ) ( 1950 -- 12 July 2015 ) was a Tibetan Buddhist leader from Garze , Sichuan .
Rajkumari Singh ( October 13 , 1923 -- 1979 ) was an Indo - Caribbean , Guyanese writer , political activist , educator , and cultural leader .
Ernest Harry Vestine ( May 9 , 1906 -- July 18 , 1968 ) was an American geophysicist and meteorologist .
Philip Zec ( 25 December 1909 -- 14 July 1983 ) was a British political cartoonist and editor .
Lucia Anguissola ( 1536 or 1538 -- c. 1565 , before 1568 ) was an Italian mannerist painter of the late Renaissance .
Antonio Amurri ( 28 June 1925 -- 18 December 1992 ) was an Italian author , radio and television writer and lyricist .
Koh Eng Tong ( 1921 - 2006 ) was a Malaysian athlete , professional photographer and founder of Eng Tong System Sdn .
The Washington Post stated in 1909 shortly after his death that `` John Ericsson has for years monopolized all of the credit for inventing and building the Monitor , but as a matter of fact he was joint inventor with Theodore Timby . ''
Thomas St George ( 1615 - -1703 ) was an English officer of arms who rose to the rank of Garter Principal King of Arms ( 1686 - -1703 ) .
Maria Leopoldine of Austria - Tyrol ( 6 April 1632 -- 7 August 1649 ) was the second spouse of her first cousin , Holy Roman Emperor Ferdinand III . As such , she was empress of the Holy Roman Empire .
John Sheffield , 2nd Baron Sheffield , of Butterwick ( c. 1538 -- 10 December 1568 ) was the first son of Edmund Sheffield , 1st Baron Sheffield , and Lady Anne de Vere .
Theophylact of Ohrid ( Greek Θεοφύλακτος , surname¨Ηφαιστος , Bulgarian Теофилакт Охридски , also known as Theophylact of Bulgaria ) ( around 1055 - -after 1107 ) was a Greek archbishop of Ohrid and commentator on the Bible .
Simon Kooper , Nama name : ǃGomxab , ( before 1860 - -31 January 1913 ) was the Captain of the ǃKharakhoen ( Fransman Nama ) , a subtribe of the Nama people in Namibia from 1863 to 1909 .
Esau de ' Buondelmonti ( Greek : Ησαύ Μπουοντελμόντ ) was the ruler of Ioannina and its surrounding area ( central Epirus ) from 1385 to his death in 1411 , with the Byzantine title of Despot .
Alex Barningham ( 22 August 1889 -- 4 January 1956 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Jean - Hilaire Aubame ( 10 November 1912 -- 16 August 1989 ) was a Gabonese politician active during both the colonial and independence periods .
Sean Ethan Owen ( 1980 - -2004 ) was a gay American white man who was murdered in Durham , North Carolina in February 2004 .
Agnes Bernelle ( 7 March 1923 -- 15 February 1999 ) was a German actress and singer , who lived in England for most her life .
Alessandro Plotti ( 8 August 1932 -- 19 October 2015 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic Archbishop .
Joseph Willard ( 29 December 1738 -- 25 September 1804 ) was an American Congregational clergyman and academic .
Kharkhul ( English name : Khara Khula ; died 1634 ) was a Choros - Oirat prince and tayishi of the Choros tribe .
Stella Ross - Craig ( 19 March 1906 -- 6 February 2006 ) was an English illustrator best known as a prolific illustrator of native flora .
Alexander Craighead ( 1705 - -1766 ) was a Scots - Irish American preacher .
François Debret ( 1777 - -1850 ) was a French architect and Freemason .
Bardhyl Çaushi ( 1936 - -1999 ) was a Kosovo Albanian human rights lawyer and activist .
Count Franz Anton von Kolowrat - Liebsteinsky ( Czech : František Antonín Kolovrat - Libštejnský ; 31 January 1778 -- 4 April 1861 ) was a Bohemian noble and Austrian statesman .
Bimal Kar ( Bengali : বিমল কর)(19 September 1921 -- 26 August 2003 ) was an eminent Bengali writer and novelist .
Erik Julin ( 13 November 1796 -- 21 June 1874 ) was a Finnish apothecary , shipowner and industrialist .
Zenzile Miriam Makeba ( 4 March 1932 -- 9 November 2008 ) , nicknamed Mama Africa , was a South African singer and civil rights activist .
Sam Snell ( 8 May 1911 -- 26 June 2002 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Philip Guthrie Hoffman ( 6 August 1915 -- 29 October 2008 ) was the fifth president of the University of Houston , and the first chancellor of the University of Houston System .
Richard Pearsall ( 29 August 1698 -- 10 November 1762 ) was an English Congregationalist minister and friend of Philip Doddridge .
Thomas Sewell Robins ( 1810 -- 1880 ) was a British painter of maritime themes .
William Arthur Evelyn ( 4 October 1860 -- 6 January 1935 ) was a distinguished historian of York , and the creator of The Evelyn Collection .
Charles Hamilton , 8th Earl of Haddington DL ( 5 July 1753 -- 17 March 1828 ) was a Scottish nobleman .
William Henry James Weale ( 8 March 1832 -- 1917 ) was a British art historian who lived and worked most of his life in Bruges and was one of the first to research the Early Netherlandish painting ( then better known as `` Flemish Primitives '' ) extensively .
Foster Moverley McRae , commonly known as Peter McRae ( 12 February 1916 -- 25 February 1944 ) was an English cricketer who played 25 first - class matches for Somerset County Cricket Club between 1936 and 1939 .
Mitchell Goodman ( 1923 - -1997 ) was an American writer , teacher , and activist .
George Salter ( 5 October 1897 -- 31 October 1967 ) , born Georg Salter , was an originally German , and from 1940 onwards US - American book cover designer .
Joseph Jay Deiss ( 1912 - -1999 ) , an American author , businessman , historian and archaeologist was born in Twin Falls , Idaho and graduated from the University of Texas , where he also received his Masters .
Sir Archibald Alison , 1st Baronet , GCB , FRSE ( 29 December 1792 -- 23 May 1867 ) was a Scottish advocate and historian .
Lwandile Zwelenkosi Matanzima ( 1970/71 -- 22 May 2010 ) was a South African clan leader and ruler as king of Western Thembuland .
Anne Macnaghten , CBE ( 9 August 1908 -- 31 December 2000 ) was a British classical violinist and pedagogue .
William of Wykeham ( 1320 or 1324 -- 27 September 1404 ) was Bishop of Winchester and Chancellor of England .
Richard Louis Dugdale ( 1841 -- 23 July 1883 ) was an American merchant and sociologist , best known for his 1877 family study , The Jukes :
Thomas Exley ( 9 December 1774 -- 17 February 1855 ) was an English schoolmaster and schoolkeeper , who taught and occasionally published on mathematics , but was better known for advancing controversial scientific theories and for theological discussions , with special reference to Methodism .
Kevin John Hewitt 1957 - 2001 ( died aged 44 ) was involved with many circuses throughout his life , most notably the world famous Blackpool Tower Circus , where he was the ringmaster throughout 1996 and 1997 , before moving to Ireland .
Piotr Fergusson Tepper ( 1713 - 1794 ) was a Polish banker of German burgher origin , merchant and industrial entrepreneur .
Horace Wass ( 26 August 1903 -- 14 January 1969 ) was an English sportsman , who made over 400 Football League appearances playing football for Chesterfield from 1920 to 1937 and for Southport in 1937 .
Francis Martin Sewell Stokes ( 16 November 1902 , London -- 2 November 1979 , London ) was an English novelist , biographer , playwright , screenwriter , broadcaster and prison visitor .
Arun Thapa ( born January 1952 -- 22 July 1999 ) was a famous Nepali singer and songwriter .
Scroop Egerton , 1st Duke of Bridgewater ( 11 August 1681 -- 11 January 1744 ) , known as Viscount Brackley from 1687 to 1701 and as the Earl of Bridgewater from 1701 to 1720 , was a British peer and courtier from the Egerton family .
Etuate Tavai ( died 1999 ) served as Attorney General of Fiji from 1996 to 1999 .
Fanny Parkes ( née Frances Susannah Archer ) ( 1794 - -1875 ) was a Welsh travel writer .
Sir John Pelham , 3rd Baronet ( 1623 - -1703 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons of England variously between 1644 and 1698 .
Philip Gale ( 1978 - -1998 ) was an American pioneering Internet software developer , computer prodigy , and sophomore student at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) .
Jiří Nigrin ( Černý ) z Černého Mostu , since about 1590 titled z Nigropontu ( died 1606 ) was an important printer in Prague between 1572 and 1606 .
Ahmad Rahi ( 12 November 1923 -- 2 September 2002 ) was a Punjabi poet and writer from Pakistan .
Sir Mark Oldroyd ( 30 May 1843 -- 5 July 1927 ) was a British woollen manufacturer and Liberal Party politician from West Yorkshire .
Charlie Meadway ( 16 October 1879 -- 1 January 1962 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Sir Richard Symons , 1st Baronet ( c. 1743 -- 4 July 1796 ) , was a British politician .
The Right Reverend Thomas Casady ( June 6 , 1881 -- 1958 ) was the third missionary bishop of Oklahoma and the first diocesan bishop of the Diocese of Oklahoma of the Episcopal Church , USA .
James William Edmund Doyle ( 22 October 1822 -- 3 December 1892 ) was an antiquary and illustrator .
Josiah Ogden Watson ( 24 September 1784 -- 12 June 1852 ) was an American planter , physician , and statesman from North Carolina .
Rejabhad , or Rejab bin Had , ( 23 August , - 14 November 2002 ) , was a Malaysian cartoonist .
Clayton Valli ( 1951 - -2003 ) was a prominent deaf linguist and American Sign Language ( ASL ) poet whose work helped further to legitimize ASL and introduce people to the richness of American Sign Language literature .
John Edward Jennings ( 1906 - -1973 ) was an American historical novelist , author of many best - selling novels of American history and seagoing adventure .
Saint Fergus ( also Fergustian ) ( died c. 730 AD ) was a bishop who worked in Scotland as a missionary .
Sir George Buchan - Hepburn , 1st Baronet ( 1739 - -1819 ) was a Scottish lawyer and judge .
Herbert Bolt ( 1893 - -1916 ) was a pioneer Australian rugby league player , a state representative centre and soldier who served and fell in World War I. He is one of 75 Australian soldiers whose remains were identified by name in 2010 by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission as part of the Fromelles Military Cemetery project .
Leonard Max Gumpel ( 23 April 1890 -- 3 August 1965 ) was a Swedish building contractor and Olympic swimmer and water polo player .
José Antonio Momeñe Campo ( 15 August 1940 -- 23 December 2010 ) was a Spanish professional road bicycle racer , who finished 4th place in the general classification of the 1966 Tour de France .
W. A. Silva ( 16 January 1890 -- 3 May 1957 ) was a best - selling author of Sinhala literature .
Rybka is a computer chess engine designed by International Master Vasik Rajlich .
Darklight Conflict is a space combat simulator video game developed by Rage Software and published by Electronic Arts in 1997 for PCs running MS - DOS or versions of Microsoft Windows before Windows 2000 , and the Sega Saturn and Sony PlayStation game consoles .
Jeremy McGrath Supercross World is a Racing video game released in 2001 by Acclaim Entertainment .
JumpStart 1st Grade ( known as Jump Ahead Year 1 in the United Kingdom ) is a personal computer game created by Knowledge Adventure in 1994 intended to teach a 1st grade curriculum .
8-Bit Sampled Voice ( 8SVX ) is an audio file format standard developed by Electronic Arts for the Commodore - Amiga computer series .
Windows Phone ( WP ) is a family of mobile operating systems developed by Microsoft for smartphones as the replacement successor to Windows Mobile and Zune .
Tizen is a project within the Linux Foundation and is governed by a Technical Steering Group ( TSG ) composed of Samsung and Intel among others .
Developed by TikGames and published by Square Enix , Scarygirl was released on January 18 , 2012 with an ESRB rating of 10 + .
The first SHMEM library , libsma , was created by Cray in 1993 .
X - Note is an otome game based on Adobe Flash , therefore it can be played on multiple platforms such as Windows , Linux and Mac OS . The game was developed and published by Zeiva Inc and was released on March 8 , 2011 .
Google AdSense is a program run by Google that allows publishers in the Google Network of content sites to serve automatic text , image , video , or interactive media advertisements , that are targeted to site content and audience .
Empire of Sports is an online multiple - sport MMORPG developed by the French company F4 , that advertises itself as the first ever of that style .
Supreme Commander 2 is a real - time strategy ( RTS ) video game developed by Gas Powered Games and published by Square Enix .
Toy Racer is a racing game for the Dreamcast made by No Cliché and published by Sega .
Dungeon Hero was to have been a hack - and - slash role - playing video game developed by Firefly Studios and published by Gamecock Media Group .
Unreal Championship is a first - person shooter video game co - developed by Epic Games and Digital Extremes .
Grand Theft Auto V is an open world , action - adventure video game developed by Rockstar North and published by Rockstar Games .
Mutant Storm Reloaded is a multi - directional shoot 'em up developed by PomPom Games .
Madden NFL Football ( sometimes mislabeled as Madden NFL 3D ) is a sports video game for the Nintendo 3DS which was developed by EA Sports .
Panzer Strike is a 1987 tactical level simulation of small unit actions game set in World War II . It was made for Apple II and Commodore 64 and was released by Strategic Simulations , Inc. The game included an editor as well as over 250 weapon types ; single scenarios can last up to 2 hours .
Action 52 is an unlicensed multicart video game compilation developed by Active Enterprises for the NES , and Farsight Technologies for the Sega Genesis .
Quake Live is a first - person shooter video game by i d Software .
Eliminate Pro ( also known as Eliminate ) was a first - person shooter developed for iOS by Ngmoco .
Down in the Dumps is a 1996 computer adventure game developed for MS - DOS and Microsoft Windows , by the French Haiku Studios and published by Philips Media .
Critter Round - Up ( Saku Saku Animal Panic in Japan ) is a puzzle video game developed by Epicenter Studios and Konami for the Wii .
Countdown to Doom is a text adventure computer game , more recently termed interactive fiction , written in 1982 by Peter Killworth .
Battles in Time was a PC video game and was the only product co - developed by Quantum Quality Productions and American Laser Games .
Chip 's Challenge is a top - down tile - based puzzle video game originally published in 1989 by Epyx as a launch title for the Atari Lynx .
Crystal Mines II is a puzzle video game designed by Ken Beckett ( who also served as lead programmer ) for Color Dreams and licensed to Atari , who published it as a cartridge for their Atari Lynx color handheld game console .
Puzzle & Dragons Z + Super Mario Bros. Edition is a 2015 puzzle game for Nintendo 3DS developed by GungHo Online Entertainment .
The Sims Social was a Facebook videogame developed by Playfish and EA , taking place in a fictional town called Littlehaven .
Tony Hawk 's Proving Ground is a video game developed by Vicarious Visions for the Nintendo DS , by Neversoft for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 and by Page 44 Studios for the PlayStation 2 and Wii .
The Young Nun or La suora giovane is a 1965 Italian romantic drama film directed by Bruno Paolinelli .
In the Name of the Fatherland ( Russian : Во имя Родины , Vo imya Rodini ) is a 1943 Soviet film directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin and Dmitriy Vasilyev based on the play Russian People by Konstantin Simonov .
The Only Good Indian is a 2009 independent feature film directed by Kevin Willmott .
Life with Henry is a 1941 American comedy film directed by Theodore Reed and written by Clifford Goldsmith and Don Hartman .
The Deadly Tower , also known as Sniper , is a 1975 television film directed by Jerry Jameson .
The Gang of Eight ( Spanish : La banda de los ocho ) is a 1962 Mexican - Spanish comedy film directed by Tulio Demicheli .
Féminin , masculin is a 2007 Iranian documentary film directed by Sadaf Foroughi and co - authored by Foroughi and Kiarash Anvari .
Who 's Your Neighbor ? is a 1917 silent American propaganda and drama film directed by S. Rankin Drew .
Mole Men Against the Son of Hercules ( Maciste , l'uomo più forte del mondo ) is a 1961 Italian film directed by Antonio Leonviola .
The Scarlet West is a 1925 silent film historical drama directed by John G. Adolfi and starring Robert Frazer and Clara Bow .
A Simple Case ( Russian : Простой случай , Prostoy sloochay ) is a 1932 Soviet film directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin and Mikhail Doller .
Things Happen at Night is a 1947 British supernatural ghost comedy film directed by Francis Searle and starring Gordon Harker , Alfred Drayton , Robertson Hare and Gwynneth Vaughan .
Last Plane to Baalbek ( also known as Operation Baalbeck ) is a 1964 Eurospy film directed by Marcello Giannini and Hugo Fregonese .
A Victim of the Mormons ( Danish : Mormonens Offer ) is a 1911 Danish silent film directed by August Blom .
Kiladi Ranga ( Kannada : ಕಿಲಾಡಿ ರಂಗ ) is a 1966 Indian Kannada film , directed by G. V. Iyer and produced by B. S. Ranga .
Man in the Attic is a 1953 mystery film directed by Hugo Fregonese .
Hot Rod Girl is a 1956 action film directed by Leslie H. Martinson and released by American International Pictures as a double feature with Girls in Prison .
Cheerleader Queens ( Thai : ว้ายบึ้ม ! เชียร์กระหึ่มโลก ; aka I 'm Lady ) is a 2003 Thai film directed by Poj Arnon .
Hubal ( film ) is a Polish historical film directed by Bohdan Poręba .
Room for Two is a 1940 British comedy film directed by Maurice Elvey .
How Awful About Allan is a 1970 made - for - television psychological thriller film , directed by Curtis Harrington , the first of two collaborations with writer Henry Farrell ( the other was What 's the Matter with Helen ? ) , and starring Anthony Perkins and Julie Harris .
Her Husband 's Secret is a 1925 American silent film directed by Frank Lloyd and starring Antonio Moreno , Patsy Ruth Miller and Ruth Clifford .
Sons of Provo is a 2004 film written by Peter Brown and Will Swenson , and directed by Will Swenson .
Bujjigadu ( Telugu : బుజ్జిగాడు ) is a 2008 Telugu language film directed by Puri Jagannadh and produced by K. S. Rama Rao .
The Servant in the House is a lost 1921 American silent drama film directed by Jack Conway based on a 1908 Broadway play , The Servant in the House by Charles Rann Kennedy .
Break Loose ( Russian : Восьмёрка ) is a 2013 Russian action film directed by Alexei Uchitel .
The Wishing - Table ( German : Tischlein , deck dich ) is a 1956 West German family film directed by Fritz Genschow and starring Werner Stock , Wolfgang Draeger and Harald Dietl .
The Very Idea is an American comedy film directed by Frank Craven and Richard Rosson and written by William Le Baron , based on his play of the same title .
The Legend of Bigfoot is a 1976 American pseudo - documentary film directed by Harry Winer .
Hibernatus is a 1969 French - Italian comedy directed by Édouard Molinaro and written by Jean Bernard - Luc .
Strange Evidence ( also known as Dance of the Witches , and Wife in Pawn ) is a 1933 U.K crime film directed by Robert Milton , produced by Alexander Korda and written by Lajos Biró and Miles Malleson .
Insiang is a 1976 Filipino drama film directed by Lino Brocka , adapted from the teleplay of the same name by Mario O'Hara ( who also co - wrote the screenplay ) , which tells of a young poverty - ridden woman who seeks revenge for those who have ruined her life .
Mumbai Godfather is the name of an Indian Bollywood film directed by Deepak Balraj Vij released on 23 September 2005 .
Falešná kočička aneb Když si žena umíní is a Czech silent comedy film directed by Svatopluk Innemann .
My Left Breast is a 2002 Canadian documentary film , produced by Pope Productions and directed and filmed by filmmaker Gerry Rogers and her partner Peg Norman .
Suvarna Sethuve ( Kannada : ಸುವರ್ಣ ಸೇತುವೆ ) is a 1982 Indian Kannada film , directed by Geethapriya and produced by B. P. Baliga , B. S. Baliga and B. M. Baliga .
The Neglected Wife is a 1917 American drama film serial directed by William Bertram .
The Ugly Boy ( Hungarian : A csúnya fiú ) is a 1918 Hungarian film directed by Michael Curtiz .
Estrellados is a 1930 American Pre - Code comedy film directed by Salvador de Alberich and Edward Sedgwick and written by Salvador de Alberich , Paul Dickey and Richard Schayer .
Sitting Target or Screaming Target is a 1972 British film directed by Douglas Hickox and shot in London .
14 - 18 ( also known as Over There , 1914 - 18 ) is a 1963 French documentary film about World War I , directed by Jean Aurel .
The Story Without a Name is a 1924 silent film melodrama directed by Irvin Willat and based on a novel by Arthur Stringer .
Every Bastard a King ( Hebrew : כל ממזר מלך‎ , translit . Kol Mamzer Melech ) is a 1968 Israeli drama film directed by Uri Zohar .
Wohin ? is a 1988 German drama film directed by Herbert Achternbusch .
Blood on Wolf Mountain , also known as The Wolf Hill , Bloodbath in Langshan , and Bloodshed on Wolf Mountain , is a Chinese film directed by acclaimed Shanghainese film director Fei Mu .
The Girl from Florida Street ( Spanish : La Chica de la calle Florida ) is a 1922 Argentine silent film directed and written by José A. Ferreyra .
Hearts in Conflict is a 1912 American romantic drama film directed by Edward LeSaint .
Oru Nadigai Natakam Parkiral ( English : An Actress Witnesses a Play ) is a 1978 Indian Tamil film directed by A. Bhimsingh .
Meiseken is a 1937 German drama film directed by Hans Deppe and starring Josef Eichheim , Susi Lanner and Oskar Sima .
Holding Hope is a 2010 Nigerian drama film written by Uduak Isong Oguamanam , produced by Emem Isong and Uche Jombo , and directed by Desmond Elliot .
Seryi Volk & Krasnaya Shapochka , literally `` Grey Wolf and Little Red Riding Hood '' is a claymation film , produced in the USSR by Garri Bardin in 1990 , a year before the USSR actually did break up .
City of Pain ( Italian : La città dolente ) is a 1948 Italian drama film directed by Mario Bonnard .
Race Gurram ( English : Race Horse ) is a 2014 Telugu action - comedy film directed by Surender Reddy and produced by Nallamalupu Srinivas under his banner Sri Lakshmi Narasimha Productions .
Hababam Sınıfı Sınıfta Kaldı ( The Chaos Class Failed The Class ) is a 1975 Turkish comedy film , directed by Ertem Eğilmez based on a novel by Rıfat Ilgaz .
Annakutty Kodambakkam Vilikkunnu is a 1989 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Jagathy Sreekumar , starring Jagathy Sreekumar and Sreeja in the lead roles .
Ashita wa Ashita no Kaze ga Fuku ( 明日は明日の風が吹く ) is a 1958 color Japanese film directed by Umetsugu Inoue .
Sweet Lies and Loving Oaths ( French : Doux aveux ) is a Canadian drama film , directed by Fernand Dansereau and released in 1982 .
The Apartment Complex is a 1999 American thriller television film directed by Tobe Hooper .
Iru Medhaigal ( Tamil : இரு மேதைகள் ) is a 1984 Indian Tamil film , directed by Muktha Srinivasan and produced by Muktha Ramasami .
Huie 's Sermon ( German : Huies Predigt ) is a 1981 documentary film made for television by Werner Herzog .
High Rolling ( also called High Rolling in a Hot Corvette ) is an Australian buddy comedy directed by Igor Auzins and written by Forest Redlich .
The Three - Day Reign ( 삼일천하 - Samil cheonha ) aka Three Days of Their Reign is a 1973 South Korean film directed by Shin Sang - ok .
A Luz do Tom is a 2013 Brazilian documentary film directed by Nelson Pereira dos Santos , based on the book Antonio Carlos Jobim : um Homem Iluminado , written by Helena Jobim .
The Circus Cavalcade ( Spanish : La cabalgata del circo ) is a 1945 Argentine musical film directed and written by Mario Soffici with Eduardo Boneo and Francisco Madrid .
Tesoro mio ( also spelled Tesoromio ) is a 1979 Italian romantic comedy film directed by Giulio Paradisi .
City of Play is a 1929 British drama film directed by Denison Clift and starring Chili Bouchier , Patrick Aherne and Lawson Butt .
Sunday Dinner for a Soldier is a 1944 motion picture directed by Lloyd Bacon and based on a novelette by Martha Cheavens .
The Blood Spattered Bride ( Spanish : La Novia Ensangrentada translation : `` The Bloody Bride '' ) is a 1972 Spanish horror film written and directed by Vicente Aranda , based on the vampire story , `` Carmilla '' by Joseph Sheridan Le Fanu .
Will Not End Here ( Nije kraj ) is a 2008 Croatian / Serbian co - production directed by Vinko Brešan .
Megh Roddur ( Bengali : মেঘ রোদ্দুর ) ( English : Clouds and Sunlight)is a 2013 Bengali film directed by Surajit Dhar and Sudarhan Basu and produced under the banner of DK Entertainment .
Puthagam ( English : Book ) is a 2013 Tamil film directed by television personality Vijay Adhiraj and produced by S. Manjula for Ram Pictures Private Limited .
Not Ok Here , Not Ok Anywhere is a 2012 British short film directed by Hannan Majid and Richard York , and stars Jeannette Tucker .
Riders of the Dawn ( Spanish : Los Jinetes del Alba ) is a 1990 Spanish film , written and directed by Vicente Aranda , an adaptation of a novel by Jesús Fernández Santos .
All Women Have Secrets is a 1939 American comedy film directed by Kurt Neumann and written by Agnes Christine Johnston .
Abilene Town is a 1946 western film directed by Edwin L. Marin .
The Boys of Baraka is a 2005 documentary film produced and directed by filmmakers Heidi Ewing and Rachel Grady .
A Man Called Dagger ( 1968 ) is a low - budget spy film that was the first collaboration between director Richard Rush , cinematographer László Kovács and stuntman Gary Warner Kent ( who also did the film 's special effects ) .
Bangarada Kalasha ( Kannada : ಬಂಗಾರದ ಕಳಶ ) is a 1995 Indian Kannada film , directed by H. R. Bhargava and produced by S Shankar .
Climbing High is a 1938 British comedy film directed by Carol Reed .
Pretty Ugly People is a 2008 American black comedy - drama film written and directed by Tate Taylor , and his feature film debut .
Titan A.E. is a 2000 American animated science fiction adventure film directed by Don Bluth and Gary Goldman .
Without Evidence is a 1995 thriller co - written by Gill Dennis and Phil Stanford .
Sayahnam ( English : Twilight ) is a 2000 Malayalam feature film that marks the directorial debut of R. Sarath with screenplay by himself .
Persécution is a 2009 romantic - drama film directed by Patrice Chéreau .
Dark Rising is a science fiction comedy franchise created by Andrew Cymek and adapted for film and television by Mihkel Harilaid .
Body Business is a 1986 Australian TV mini - series directed by Colin Eggleston set against the background of the world of modelling .
Greenwich Village Story is a 1963 feature film written and directed by Jack O'Connell .
Parinati ( English : The Inevitable ) is a 1989 Hindi film directed by Prakash Jha .
Lost in the Crowd is a documentary film by Austrian filmmaker Susi Graf about LGBT homeless youth in New York City .
Tsatsiki , morsan och polisen is a 1999 Swedish film directed by Ella Lemhagen , based on the books about Tsatsiki written by Moni Nilsson - Brännström .
Deliciously Amoral ( Spanish : Deliciosamente amoral ) is a 1969 Argentine sex comedy film directed by Julio Porter , starring Libertad Leblanc , Guillermo Bredeston , and Rodolfo Onetto .
The Big Snooze is a 1946 Warner Bros. Looney Tunes cartoon directed by an uncredited Bob Clampett , his final theatrical cartoon for Warner and completed it after he left the Warner cartoon studio .
Adholokam is a 1988 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Thevalakkara Chellappan .
Padmatheertham is a 1978 Indian Malayalam film , directed by K. G. Rajasekharan and produced by .
Sushi Sushi is a French film , released on 19 June 1991 and directed by Laurent Perrin .
The Doll Master ( Hangul : 인형사 ; RR : Inhyeongsa ) is a 2004 South Korean horror film directed by Jeong Yong - ki .
Autumn in March ( Chinese : 午夜烟花 ; pinyin : Wǔyè Yānhuā ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Ngó͘-iā - ian - hoa ) is a Singaporean film written and directed by Huang Yiliang , and produced by Red Group Film .
Killer Butterfly ( 살인나비를 쫓는 여자 - Salin nabireul jjonneun yeoja lit . A Woman Chasing a Killer Butterfly ) is a 1978 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki - young .
The Wrong Ferarri ( sic ) is a feature - film written and directed by Adam Green .
Spirits of the Air , Gremlins of the Clouds is a 1989 post - apocalyptic Australian film directed by Alex Proyas .
Meeruthiya Gangsters is a 2015 bollywood , Crime - Comedy film directed and produced by Zeishan Quadri .
Toy Tinkers was directed by Jack Hannah and features original and adapted music by Paul J. Smith which includes the song `` Jingle Bells '' and Schubert 's Marche Militaire .
Zakhmi Sher ( English : Wounded Tiger ) is a 1984 Bollywood Action film produced by Pradeep Sharma on TUTU Films banner , directed by Dasari Narayana Rao .
Mr. Lemon of Orange ( 1931 ) is a comedy film starring El Brendel and Fifi D'Orsay , directed by John G. Blystone , and released by Fox Film Corporation .
The Symbol of the Unconquered ( aka The Wilderness Trail ) is a 1920 silent `` race film '' drama produced , written and directed by Oscar Micheaux .
Ammavra Ganda ( Kannada : ಅಮ್ಮಾವ್ರ ಗಂಡ ) is a 1997 Indian Kannada comedy romance film directed by Phani Ramachandra and produced by M. K. Srinivasamurthy .
National Class Category Up to 785 ccm is a 1979 Yugoslav comedy film directed by Goran Marković .
Donald 's Dilemma is a 1947 Walt Disney Studios animated cartoon directed by Jack King and starring Donald and Daisy Duck .
Dark Side Romance ( Thai : เกิดอีกที ต้องมีเธอ or Goet iik thii tawng mii theu ) is a 1995 Thai romantic fantasy film directed by Prachya Pinkaew .
Directed by Andrew V. McLaglen , it was adapted for the screen by Andrew J. Fenady from his short story , `` Chisum and the Lincoln County Cattle War '' .
The Soul of a Man is a 2003 documentary film , directed by Wim Wenders , as the second instalment of the documentary film series The Blues , produced by Martin Scorsese .
The Road to Jenin is a 2003 documentary directed by Pierre Rehov , a French - Algerian film director of Jewish descent , whose documentaries mostly deal with the Middle East conflict .
Hum Hain Rahi Pyar Ke ( Hindi : हम हैं राही प्यार के translation : We Are Travelers on the Path of Love ) is a 1993 Indian comedy - drama film directed by Mahesh Bhatt , produced by Tahir Hussain and with a musical score by Nadeem - Shravan .
Devra Bhail Deewana ( Hindi : देवरा भईल दिवाना ) is a 2014 Indian , bhojpuri language film produced and directed by Rajkumar R. Pandey .
Mazhavillinattam Vare ( Malayalam : മഴവില്ലിനറ്റം വരെ ; translation : Till the End of the Rainbow ) is an upcoming Malayalam -- language sports and musical film co - written and directed by Kaithapram Damodaran Namboothiri .
Girlfriend 's Day is an upcoming American comedy - drama film directed by Michael Stephenson and written by Bob Odenkirk , Philip Zlotorynski , and Eric Hoffman .
Agniparvatham is a 1979 Indian Malayalam film , directed by P. Chandrakumar and produced by K. P. Kottarakkara .
The Tao of Steve is a 2000 romantic comedy film written by Duncan North , Greer Goodman , and Jenniphr Goodman .
The Autobiography of Nicolae Ceaușescu ( Romanian : Autobiografia lui Nicolae Ceaușescu ) is a 2010 Romanian documentary film directed by Andrei Ujică .
Son of Django ( Italian : Il figlio di Django , also known as Vengeance Is a Colt 45 and Return of Django ) is a 1967 Italian Spaghetti Western film written and directed by Osvaldo Civirani .
Sorority Boys is a 2002 American comedy film directed by Wallace Wolodarsky , about a group of college guys who dress up as women in order to prove their innocence for a crime they did not commit .
The Heart Machine is a 2014 romantic thriller film written and directed by Zachary Wigon based on his short film Someone Else 's Heart .
Queen X is a 1917 American silent crime - drama film directed by John B. O'Brien and produced and released through the Mutual Film Company .
Samurai Johnny Frankenstein is a 1993 martial art based action adventure movie that was directed by and stars Scott Shaw .
Magical Maestro is a 1952 animated short film directed by Tex Avery and produced by the Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer cartoon studio .
Her Dangerous Path is a 1923 American adventure film serial directed by Roy Clements .
In January 2011 , Bigpoint Games acquired the Planet Moon Studios staff in San Francisco , California , but did not acquire the company , its intellectual properties , or its other assets .
The Royal Lao Armed Forces ( French : Forces Armées du Royaume ) , best known by its French acronym FAR , were the official armed defense forces of the Kingdom of Laos , a state that existed from 1949 to 1975 in what is now the Lao People 's Democratic Republic .
Boulton Paul Aircraft Ltd was a British aircraft manufacturer that was incorporated in 1934 , although its origins in aircraft manufacturing began earlier in 1914 , and lasted until 1961 .
In 2012 , it was announced that the transformation from Carrefour to Carrefour Planet costs too much , as a result Carrefour stops further process of converting Carrefour hypermarkets , hypermarkets already converted to Planet stays as - is but loses the Planet sign in France .
Regionalist League ( Catalan : Lliga Regionalista , IPA : ( ˈʎiɣə rəʒiunəˈɫistə ) ; 1901 - -1936 ) was a right wing political party of Catalonia , Spain .
Marendaz Special cars were made in Brixton Road , London SW9 , England from 1926 to 1932 and in Maidenhead , Berkshire , England from 1932 to 1936 .
The District of Ungava was a regional administrative district of Canada 's Northwest Territories from 1895 to 1920 , although it effectively ceased operation in 1912 .
Szczecin Voivodeship ( 1 ) ( Polish : województwo szczecińskie ) was a unit of administrative division and local government in Poland in the years 1975 - -1998 , superseded by West Pomeranian Voivodeship .
Trakai Voivodeship , Trakai Palatinate , or Troki Voivodeship ( Lithuanian : Trakų vaivadija , Latin : Palatinatus Trocensis , Polish : Województwo trockie ) , was a unit of administrative division and local government in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania from 1413 until 1795 .
The Duchy of Salzburg ( German : Herzogtum Salzburg ) was a Cisleithanian Kronland of the Austrian Empire and Austria - Hungary from 1849 - -1918 .
OzEmail was a major Internet service provider ( ISP ) in Australia , until it was acquired by the iiNet ISP on 28 February 2005 .
Michael Maniaci graduated from the Cincinnati Conservatory of Music with a bachelor 's degree in Vocal Performance and went on to the Juilliard School of music where he graduated with a Masters in Vocal Performance .
Born in Stuttgart in 1965 , Achim Fiedler studied violin at the Hochschule für Musik in Köln , in London at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama and conducting at the Musikhochschule in Stuttgart .
Moinuddin Ahmed Chowdhury passed his matriculation examination from Dinajpur Zilla School in the 1937 and acquired his B.A. degree in 1942 from Ripon College , Kolkata , Later , he acquired a master 's degree in Islamic History from the University of Calcutta in 1945 .
Jeanne Tsai is an Associate Professor of Psychology at Stanford University and director of the Culture and Emotion Lab . Her research focuses on cultural influences on basic psychological and social processes related to emotion .
Arthur fforde was educated at Rugby School ( SH 1914 - -1919 , Head of School ) and Trinity College , Oxford .
Pierrette Mari was born in Nice and studied music at the Conservatory of Nice from 1943 to 1946 .
Robin Hemley , born May 28 , 1958 in New York City , is a Jewish American nonfiction and fiction writer , author of twelve books , most recently , the short story collection , REPLY ALL ( Break Away Books , Indiana University Press , 2012 ) .
The son of Alexander and Matilda ( Richards ) Parr , Walter Parr was born in Liverpool , England , and graduated from the Beloit Academy in 1891 , from Beloit College in 1895 and from the Chicago Theological Seminary in 1898 .
John Moulder Wilson ( October 8 , 1837 -- February 1 , 1919 ) was a Union Army engineer and later served as Chief of Engineers as well as serving as Superintendent of the United States Military Academy from 1889 - -1893 .
Antonio Strati ( born 1949 ) is an Italian organizational theorist , artist and Professor at the University of Trento , particularly known for his work on `` Organization and aesthetics '' .
Steele was born John Fletcher Steele in Rochester , New York , United States to a lawyer father and pianist mother , graduated from Williams College in 1907 , and promptly joined the young landscape architecture program at Harvard University where Frederick Law Olmsted , Jr. was one of his professors .
William Warwick Buckland was educated in France , at Hurstpierpoint College and the Crystal Palace School of Engineering .
Mohamed Mijarul Quayes(Bangla : মো. মিজারুল কায়েস ) , educated at Dhaka Residential Model College , Dhaka University & Harvard University , is a Bangladeshi career diplomat and is currently the Bangladesh High Commissioner to the Court of St James 's United Kingdom .
Michelle Olley attended the University of Westminster in London where she attained a BA ( Hons ) in Media Studies , specialising in print journalism .
Samuel Taylor Marshall ( 1812 - -1895 ) was one of eight founders of Beta Theta Pi , a college fraternity founded at Miami University in 1839 .
Gunnar Myrdal graduated with a law degree from Stockholm University in 1923 and a doctorate in economics in 1927 .
Walter Bender earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from Harvard University in 1977 and a Master of Science degree from MIT in 1980 .
Alfred Menezes is co - author of several books on cryptography , including the Handbook of Applied Cryptography , and is a professor of Mathematics at the University of Waterloo in Canada .
Joshua Hoyle ( died 6 December 1654 ) was a Professor of Divinity at Trinity College , Dublin and Master of University College , Oxford during the Commonwealth of England .
Djuan Rivers ( born 1965 ) is an Orlando native and attended Emory University where he earned his Bachelor of Arts in Economics in 1987 .
Born in Miami , Florida , Catherine Kaputa first pursued journalism at Northwestern 's Medill School of Journalism During her junior year , Kaputa had her first personal branding crisis and switched to Japanese art history , and graduated from Northwestern University with a Bachelor 's degree in art history .
Robert Alan Langlands , born 29 May 1952 , Glasgow , attended Allan Glen 's School in Glasgow and graduated with an ordinary degree in biological science from the University of Glasgow in 1974 .
Trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art , he began his career as an actor and then television presenter for ZDF Bermuda ( The Tony Maylam Show ) and the UK 's ITV ( Sportsweek ) , before concentrating solely on filmmaking .
Taylor Henry received his bachelor 's degree in English and Philosophy from Spring Hill College and his graduate degree in Mass Communication from the College of Communication and Information Sciences at the University of Alabama .
Ryah Nixon is a graduate of the Carnegie Mellon University School of Drama , class of 2009 .
After a rather severe education at Tipperary Grammar School , Standish James O'Grady followed his father to Trinity College , Dublin , where he won several prize medals and distinguished himself in several sports .
John Willock ( or Willocks or Willox ) ( c. 1515 -- December 4 , 1585 ) , Scottish reformer , was a native of Ayrshire and was educated at the University of Glasgow .
Kerry Lang holds a degree from the University of Edinburgh Medical School ( MBChB , 1998 ) and from the Royal College of Surgeons ( MRCS , Glasgow 2001 ) .
Gylfi Magnússon ( born . 1966 ) is an Icelandic economist , an associate professor at University of Iceland and former chair of the Icelandic Competition Authority ( Samkeppniseftirlitið ) .
Charlene Fite received a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Tennessee at Knoxville , Tennessee .
Andrea Modica earned her BFA in Visual Arts and Art History from State University of New York College ( SUNY ) at Purchase , Purchase , NY in 1982 , and earned her MFA in Photography from Yale University in 1985 .
Yoshio Fukuyama ( April 29 , 1921 - April 3 , 1995 ) was a theologian who held a doctorate in sociology from the University of Chicago and was a faculty member of the Chicago Theological Seminary .
Darnell Hinson , who starred at Muskogee High School before playing for the Northeastern State University Redmen ( now RiverHawks ) from 2000 to 2004 .
Kingsley studied at the University of Salford and at Pendleton College , which later became home to the Ben Kingsley Theatre .
in Economics at the London School of Economics under the supervision of Ralph Miliband , Allan Segal began his career as a research assistant at the BBC .
After having studied law at Lund University , Erik Penser commenced a career as a stockbroker at Bankirfirman Langenskiöld , which later became Carnegie Investment Bank .
Hugh Borton ( May 14 , 1903 -- August 6 , 1995 ) was an American historian who specialized in the history of Japan , later serving as president of Haverford College .
Amy Courter graduated from Kalamazoo College in 1983 with a bachelor 's degree in psychology and education , minoring in computer science and mathematics .
Diana L. Eck ( born 1945 in Bozeman , Montana ) is a scholar of religious studies who is Professor of Comparative Religion and Indian Studies at Harvard University , as well as a Master of Lowell House and the Director of The Pluralism Project at Harvard .
David Hunter Riddle ( April 14 , 1805 - -1888 ) was the ninth and last president of Jefferson College from 1862 until its union with Washington College to form Washington & Jefferson College in 1865 .
Sylvan Fox graduated from Brooklyn College with a degree in philosophy , then earned a master 's degree in musicology from the University of California , Berkeley .
Evelyn Gibbs studied in Liverpool and at the Royal College of Art , before winning a Prix de Rome Scholarship for engraving , with which she spent two years in Italy .
William Pepper , Jr. , M.D. ( August 21 , 1843 - July 28 , 1898 ) , an American physician , was a leader in medical education in the nineteenth century , and a longtime Provost of the University of Pennsylvania .
William Edward Gumbleton was educated at Brasenose College , Oxford , where he matriculated 8 June 1858 , but seems to have left the university before graduating , as there is no record of his being awarded a degree .
Ras J. Baraka was educated in the Newark Public Schools and subsequently earned a BA in Political Science from Howard University in Washington , DC , and an MA in Education Supervision from St. Peter 's University in Jersey City .
Ben Chacko was educated at Pate 's Grammar School , Cheltenham , and St John 's College , Oxford , where he studied Mandarin Chinese .
Saad Hassar studied at the Mission laïque française of Rabat ( Lycée Descartes ) and at the École Spéciale des Travaux Publics of Paris .
Ian Lake ( January 26 , 1935 in Quorn , Leicestershire -- August 12 , 2004 in London , England ) was a pianist and composer who taught for many years at the Royal College of Music in London .
Michael W. Meister is an art historian , archaeologist and architectural historian at the University of Pennsylvania .
He was educated in England at Clifton College , became a British subject , and worked in the grain trade in London before emigrating to the United States in 1925 , where he took the stage name of John Houseman .
Morlon Greenwood played collegiate at Syracuse University where he started 48 consecutive games at linebacker .
David Balding is an Australian statistician and Professor in Statistical Genetics at University College London .
Peter L. Hagelstein is a principal investigator in the Research Laboratory of Electronics ( RLE ) and an Associate Professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) .
Dror Bar - Natan ( Hebrew : דרוֹר בָר - נָתָן‎ ; born January 30 , 1966 ) is a Professor at the University of Toronto Department of Mathematics , Canada .
Hiroute Guebre Sellassie , a native from Ethiopia , is the United Nations Secretary - General 's Special Envoy for the Sahel and Head of Office .
Boris Rankov ( born August 9 , 1954 ) is a professor of Roman history at Royal Holloway , University of London .
James B. Rosenwald III ( born January 19 , 1958 ) is the co - founder and managing partner of Dalton Investments LLC , an asset management company headquartered in Santa Monica , California , and adjunct professor at Stern School of Business at New York University .
Dennis Kezar is an associate professor of Renaissance English Literature at the University of Utah in Salt Lake City , UT .
Frank Lantz ( born December 17 , 1963 ) is the Director of the New York University Game Center .
Manson Benedict ( October 9 , 1907 -- September 18 , 2006 ) was an American nuclear engineer and a professor of nuclear engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) .
Orizaba George Perry ( 14 September 1888 -- 29 December 1950 ) , better known as Orrie Perry , was an Australian cinematographer who worked for Amalgamated Pictures .
Martha Woodmansee ( born 1944 ) is an American professor at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland , Ohio .
After studying at the Governorate Gymnasium in Tartu , Konstantin Konik graduated from the faculty of Medicine of the University of Dorpat ( now University of Tartu ) in 1873 , and made his doctorate degree at the Odessa University in 1903 .
Jeremy C. Stein ( born 1960 ) is the Moise Y. Safra Professor of Economics at Harvard University and investment industry consultant , a former president of the American Finance Association , and a former member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System .
Joseph Le Conte ( alternative spelling : Joseph LeConte ) ( February 26 , 1823 -- July 6 , 1901 ) was a physician , geologist , professor at the University of California , Berkeley and early California conservationist .
Rhondda Jones was the first Professor of Zoology at James Cook University , and served as Deputy Vice - Chancellor .
Chia - Chiao Lin ( Chinese : 林家翹 ; 7 July 1916 -- 13 January 2013 ) was a Chinese - born American applied mathematician and Institute Professor emeritus at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Karen Barad is currently at the University of California Santa Cruz .
Allan Balmain FRS is Barbara Bass Bakar Distinguished Professor of Cancer Genetics at the University of California , San Francisco ( UCSF ) .
Wolff - Michael Roth ( Born June 28 , 1953 , Heidelberg ) is a learning scientist at the University of Victoria conducting research on how people across the life span know and learn mathematics and science .
Professor Angie Chabram - Dernersesian is a Full Professor at the University of California , Davis .
Friedwardt Winterberg ( born June 12 , 1929 ) is a German - American theoretical physicist and research professor at the University of Nevada , Reno .
Pieter B. Pelser ( born 12 January 1976 ) is a Lecturer in Plant Systematics and the curator of the herbarium at the University of Canterbury in Christchurch , New Zealand .
Jacques Paul Klein is a retired United States diplomat , who served as head of three United Nations peacekeeping missions .
Prods Oktor Skjaervo ( Norwegian : Prods Oktor Skjærvø ) ( born 30 December 1944 , in Steinkjer ) is a professor of Iranian studies at department of Near Eastern Languages and Civilizations in Harvard University , where he succeeded Richard Frye as Agha Khan Professor of Iranistic .
Peter Cathcart Wason ( 22 April 1924 -- 17 April 2003 ) was a cognitive psychologist at University College , London who pioneered the Psychology of Reasoning .
James E. Miller , Jr. ( 1920 - -2010 ) was an American scholar and the Helen A. Regenstein Professor Emeritus of English Language and Literature at the University of Chicago , where he completed his graduate work , taught , and served as chairman of the English department .
Konrad Repgen ( born 5 May 1923 ) is a German historian and a professor emeritus ( retired ) at the University of Bonn .
Steven C. Baugh ( born 1945 ) is an associate professor of education at Brigham Young University ( BYU ) who formerly was superintendent of the Alpine School District .
Nilda ( Nena ) Peragallo the Dean and Professor of the School of Nursing and Health Studies at the University of Miami in Coral Gables , Florida .
Michael A. Campion is the Herman C. Krannert Chaired Professor of Management at Purdue University and the 2010 winner of the Scientific Contribution Award given by the Society for Industrial - Organizational Psychology ( SIOP ) .
John D. Bransford holds the Shauna C. LarsonUniversity Professor of Education and Psychology at the University of Washington in Seattle .
Birgit Grodal ( 24 June 1943 - 4 May 2004 ) , was an economics professor at the University of Copenhagen from 1968 until her death in 2004 .
Dr. Mark Chignell ( born June 17 , 1956 ) is a tenured Professor of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering ( with a status - only Cross Appointment to the Department of Computer Science at the University of Toronto , Canada ) .
John L. Wallace ( born September 25 , 1956 ) is a medical scientist and was the founder of the Inflammation Research Network at The University of Calgary and inaugural director of the Farncombe Institute at McMaster University .
Mary Wakefield was raised in rural North Dakota , became a nurse and nurse educator , entered politics and worked as chief of staff for two United States Senators from North Dakota , then went on to a lead health policy research center at George Mason University .
Renata Laxova , Ph.D. , ( born July 15 , 1931 ) an American pediatric geneticist , is Emeritus Professor of Genetics at the Departments of Pediatrics and Medical Genetics , Waisman Center , University of Wisconsin-- Madison .
Victor Raskin ( born April 17 , 1944 ) is a distinguished professor of linguistics at Purdue University .
Tapan Misra is an Indian scientist who is an incumbent director of Space Applications Centre , Indian Space Research Organisation ,
Anton Zeilinger , born 1945 in Austria , has held positions at the Technical University of Vienna and the University of Innsbruck .
Mark Bils ( December 1 , 1958 ) is a macroeconomist at the University of Rochester .
Joel Stein ( born July 23 , 1971 ) is an American journalist who wrote for the Los Angeles Times and is a regular contributor to Time .
Kaributas ( Koribut , Korybut , baptized Dmitry ; after 1350 -- after 1404 ) was a son of Algirdas , Grand Duke of Lithuania , and reigned in Severian Novgorod until 1393 .
Celebrimbor was the son of Curufin , fifth son of Fëanor ( son of Finwë and his first wife Míriel ) and Nerdanel , and the only known grandchild of Fëanor .
Constant d'Aubigné ( 1585 -- 31 August 1647 ) was a French nobleman , son of Théodore - Agrippa d'Aubigné , the poet , soldier , propagandist and chronicler .
Dunne was born Thomas Griffin Dunne in New York City , the son of Ellen Beatriz ( née Griffin ) and Dominick Dunne .
Bred in Florida by William R. Davis , Gate Dancer was a son of Sovereign Dancer , in turn a son of the great Northern Dancer .
Abdul - Rahman ibn Abi Bakr ( died 666 ) was the eldest son of Abu Bakr , the first caliph in Sunni Islam .
James Fenimore Cooper was born in Burlington , New Jersey in 1789 to William Cooper and Elizabeth ( Fenimore ) Cooper , the eleventh of 12 children , most of whom died during infancy or childhood .
Joan of Arc was born to Jacques d'Arc and Isabelle , a peasant family , at Domrémy in north - east France .
Guy de Montfort , Count of Nola ( 1244 -- c. 1288 ) was the son of Simon de Montfort , 6th Earl of Leicester and Eleanor of England .
Graf Gustav Ernst von Stackelberg ( Russian : Густав Оттонович Стакельберг ) ( born 5 June 1766 in Reval , Governorate of Estonia , died 18 April 1850 in Paris , France ) was a Russian diplomat of Baltic - German descent , and was the son of Otto Magnus von Stackelberg .
Afdera Franchetti was the daughter of Baron Raimondo Franchetti , a famous explorer who traveled extensively in Ethiopia and charted hitherto unexplored territories ( Dancalia ) during the 1920s .
Gongsun Kang was the son of Gongsun Du , the Administrator of Liaodong .
Evelina de Rothschild was the daughter of Baron Lionel de Rothschild ( 1808 - 1879 ) , the first openly unconverted Jew to sit in the British House of Commons .
Antoine Adolphe Marcelin Marbot ( March 22 , 1781 - June 2 , 1844 ) , was born in La Riviere , the son of General Jean - Antoine Marbot , who died in the defence of Genoa under Masséna .
Agnes Leslie , Countess of Morton ( born after 1541- died c.1606 ) was a Scottish noblewoman , being the daughter of George Leslie , 4th Earl of Rothes as well as a direct descendant of King James II in her maternal line .
Flavius Victor ( Latin : Flavius Victor Augustus ) was the son of Magnus Maximus .
Hans von Dohnányi was born to the Hungarian composer Ernő Dohnányi and his wife , the pianist Elisabeth Kunwald .
Muhammad Askari Mirza , sometimes known simply as Askari ( 1516 -- 1557 /1558 ) was a son of Babur Mirza , the founder of the Mughal dynasty .
Isabelle de Meulan , Dame de Mayenne , Dame de Craon ( c. 1148 -- 10 May 1220 ) was a French noblewoman , being the daughter of Waleran de Beaumont , 1st Earl of Worcester , Count of Meulan .
Interplay Entertainment Corporation is an American video game developer and publisher , founded in 1983 as Interplay Productions by Brian Fargo , Troy Worrell , Jay Patel and Bill Heineman .
Digital Research , Inc. ( a.k.a . DR or DRI ; originally Intergalactic Digital Research ) was the company created by Dr. Gary Kildall to market and develop his CP / M operating system and related products .
The Portuguese House of Burgundy or the Afonsine Dynasty is a cadet branch of the House of Burgundy , descended from Henry , Count of Portugal .
Slave Labor Graphics was started in 1986 by Dan Vado , who remains the company 's president and publisher .
The Society of Anthropology of Paris ( French : Société d’Anthropologie de Paris ) was a French learned society for anthropology founded by Paul Broca in 1859 .
It was founded in 2000 by adult film actress Jenna Jameson , and Jay Grdina , who performed as an adult film actor under the name Justin Sterling and today is president of ClubJenna , Inc. Initially a single website , the business expanded into managing similar websites of other stars and began producing pornographic films in 2000 .
El Sistema is a publicly financed voluntary sector music education program in Venezuela , founded in 1975 by Venezuelan educator , musician and activist José Antonio Abreu which later adopted the motto Social Action for Music .
Neutelings Riedijk Architects is an architecture firm based in Rotterdam , the Netherlands , founded by Willem Jan Neutelings and Michiel Riedijk in 1992 .
The Clayton Aniline Company Ltd. was an English manufacturer of dyestuffs , founded in 1876 by Charles Dreyfus in Clayton , Manchester .
Wild - Touch is a French non - profit organization created in 2010 by Luc Jacquet .
The Olmsted Brothers company was an influential landscape architectural firm in the United States , formed in 1898 by brothers John Charles Olmsted ( 1852 - -1920 ) and Frederick Law Olmsted , Jr. ( 1870 - -1957 ) , who were the sons of the eminent landscape architect Frederick Law Olmsted .
Roots & Shoots was founded by Jane Goodall , DBE in 1991 , with the goal of bringing together youth from preschool to university age to work on environmental , conservation and humanitarian issues .
The Brandywine School was a style of illustration -- as well as an artists colony in Wilmington , Delaware and in Chadds Ford , Pennsylvania , near Brandywine River -- both founded by artist Howard Pyle ( 1853 - -1911 ) at the end of the 19th century .
Happy Madison Productions is an American film and television production company founded in 1999 by Adam Sandler which is best known for its comedy films .
Castle Rock Entertainment is an American film and television production company founded in 1987 by Martin Shafer , director Rob Reiner , Andrew Scheinman , Glenn Padnick and Alan Horn .
Anchor Brewing Company is an American alcoholic beverage producer , operating a brewery and distillery on Potrero Hill in San Francisco , California .
In 1906 , the Boston - based Arctic Coal Company , with Ayer and Longyear as the main shareholders , started mining in Mine 1a , after having built docks and housing .
Continental Airlines was a major U.S. airline , founded in 1934 and eventually headquartered in Houston , Texas .
Look Effects is a visual effects company based in Culver City , California .
Webtrends is a private company headquartered in Portland , Oregon , United States .
Digital Reality is a Hungarian video game developer , located in Budapest , Hungary .
The DEFA Film Library at the University of Massachusetts Amherst is the only archive and research center outside of Germany devoted to a broad spectrum of filmmaking from and related to former East Germany and the GDR .
The Nederlander Organization , founded in 1912 by David T. Nederlander and based in Detroit , Michigan , is one of the largest operators of legitimate theatres and music venues in the United States .
In September 2010 , 6GMOBILE is supplying the platform for the Amsterdam soccer club Ajax Amsterdam MVNO , Ajax Mobiel .
Cargills ( Ceylon ) PLC is a Sri Lankan Retail , FMCG , Banking and Restaurant company which is listed on the Colombo Stock Exchange .
North American Power is a retail energy supplier based in Norwalk , Connecticut , and has been recognized by Forbes as one of America 's Most Promising Companies , and by Inc. 500 as one of America 's Fastest Growing Private Companies .
Sa Sa International Holdings ( Chinese : 莎莎國際 ) ( SEHK : 178 ) is a Hong Kong - based chain store company selling cosmetics , personal care , skin care and baby care products , often at discounted prices .
Film and Music Entertainment is a British film production company based in London UK .
Carleton University is a comprehensive university located in the capital of Canada , Ottawa , Ontario .
Adolph Saurer AG based in Arbon , Switzerland was a manufacturer of trucks and buses under the Saurer and Berna ( beginning in 1929 ) brand names , active between 1903 and 1982 .
Whitney National Bank is a regional community banking institution headquartered in New Orleans , Louisiana .
Conrad Electronic SE is a German online retailer of electronic products based in Hirschau , Bavaria .
Evga S.A. ( Greek : ΕΒΓΑ ) is a large Greek dairy product producer , with headquarters in Athens , founded in 1934 .
Michael Hess founded the company in Rochester , New York in 2000 as a subsidiary of Three Point Ventures , LLC . It was founded under the name RoadWired , and changed its name to Skooba Design in August 2007 .
The first Internationale Walter Benjamin Gesellschaft ( ɡəˈzɛlʃaft ) ( generally translated as `` community '' or `` society '' ) , here understood as `` commune '' , was a founding within the 68er - Bewegung in Hamburg , at the time when the American Counterculture reached Europe 's students .
VI Technology was a privately owned company based in Austin , Texas that provided enterprise test solutions and services .
Söderbloms Gjuteri & Mekaniska Verkstad ( Swedish for Söderblom 's foundry and mechanical workshop ) was founded in 1877 in Eskilstuna , Sweden .
ExAlta Energy Inc. , headquartered in Calgary , Alberta , was an oil and natural gas company engaged in the exploration for and the acquisition , development and production of oil and natural gas in West Central and Northwestern Alberta and Northeastern British Columbia .
The origins of Kruger Inc. date back to 1904 , when Joseph Kruger founded a fine paper business in Montreal .
Bunnies on the Bayou is a 501(c)(3 ) organization and the name of its similarly - titled annual tradition among members of the LGBT community of Houston , Texas , in the United States .
Now headquartered in Medford , MA , Century Bank employs more than four hundred staff .
TalkFree , Inc. , founded in 2003 , is headquartered in San Francisco , California .
The National Refugee Service ( NRS ) was a refugee aid organization founded in New York City on 15 May 1939 to assist refugees from Europe fleeing Nazi persecution .
Ocean Star Cruises is a cruise line based in Mexico City , Mexico .
Howard Hughes Engineering Pty Ltd is an Australian aircraft manufacturer , boat and automobile builder and general engineering company based in Ballina , New South Wales .
Triple Five Group is a shopping mall owner and operator , hotel operator and real estate company based in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada .
The Biltmore Company in Asheville , North Carolina , owns and operates 8,000 acres ( 32 km² ) of land and business .
Ampeg is a manufacturer of musical instruments , especially the musical instrument amplifier , established by Everett Hull and Stanley Michaels in 1946 , and now headquartered in Woodinville , Washington .
Vrije Academie voor Beeldende Kunsten ( Free Academy of Visual Art ) is an art school in The Hague , Netherlands .
MDM Bank ( Russian : Московский Деловой Мир ( МДМ ) Банк ) , literally meaning `` Moscow Business World Bank '' in English , is a Russian Joint Stock commercial bank , one of Russia 's largest private banks based in Novosibirsk .
Exakt Entertainment is an American video game developer based out of Los Angeles , California .
WOWIO was founded in 2006 in Los Angeles by `` author and entrepreneur '' William Lidwell .
Sterilgarda Alimenti S.p . A. is an Italian dairy produce company , based in Castiglione delle Stiviere in the Province of Mantua .
The Russian Trading System ( RTS ) was a stock market established in 1995 in Moscow , consolidating various regional trading floors into one exchange .
Innovation Works is the Ben Franklin Technology Partner of the Pittsburgh area .
ABS Jets is a business jet operator based in Prague , Czech Republic and Bratislava , Slovak Republic .
Système U is a French retailers ' cooperative , comprising about eight hundred independent hypermarkets and supermarkets , headquartered in the Parc Tertiaire SILIC in Rungis , France .
The Howard Hughes Corporation ( NYSE : HHC ) , co - founded by Howard R. Hughes , Sr . in 1913 , is a major real estate development and management company based in Dallas , Texas .
Ural Mining and Metallurgical Company ( UMMC or UGMK Russian : Открытое акционерное общество `` Уральская горно-металлургическая компания '' ) is a Russian metallurgical company based in Verkhnyaya Pyshma .
European Digital Rights ( EDRi ) is an international advocacy group headquartered in Brussels , Belgium .
Tom Balding Bits & Spurs is a small metalwork manufacturer in Sheridan , Wyoming that designs and sells handmade equine riding equipment .
Mere Mortals is a British video game developer based in Newcastle upon Tyne , known for various ports , PDC World Championship Darts and mini game compilations .
Endocyte ( NASDAQ : ECYT ) is a biopharmaceutical company established in 1996 and headquartered in West Lafayette , Indiana , a resident of the Purdue Research Park .
The Fort Garry Brewing Company Ltd brews beer in Winnipeg , Canada .
Westinghouse Digital LLC is a US company that markets LCD and LED televisions located in Orange , California .
Initially co - founded by Jamie Cutter , in the English city of Norwich , Cutter & Buck 's headquarters are now at 101 Elliott , Ave in the lower Queen Anne neighborhood of Seattle , Washington .
Commercial Iron Works was a manufacturing firm in Portland , Oregon , United States .
The Orlando Sentinel reported that The Riverside Company expected to see `` across - the - board growth '' in the Bohemia Interactive Simulations .
World Events Productions is an American - based animation and distribution company in St. Louis , Missouri , best known for releasing the anime titles Voltron , Defender of the Universe and Saber Rider and the Star Sheriffs , as well as producing the original animated series Denver , the Last Dinosaur .
Clavia Digital Musical Instruments ( Clavia DMI AB ) is a Swedish manufacturer of virtual analog synthesizers , virtual electromechanical pianos and stage pianos , founded in Stockholm Sweden in 1983 by Hans Nordelius and Mikael Carlsson .
Dominick 's was a Chicago - area grocery store chain and subsidiary of Safeway Inc ..
Holsten Brewery ( Holsten - Brauerei AG ) is a brewing company founded in 1879 in what is now Hamburg 's Altona - Nord quarter .
CME is the registered trademark of Central Music Company , a musical high - tech company founded in Beijing , China in 1993 .
Bossini International Holdings Limited ( the Company ) and its subsidiaries ( the Group or Bossini ) is an apparel brand owner , retailer and franchiser , headquartered in Hong Kong .
Debix is a credit monitoring service based out of Austin , Texas .
Cadcorp has its headquarters in Stevenage , Hertfordshire , U.K. and a development office in London .
Temasek Holdings Private Limited ( abbreviated as Temasek ) is an investment company owned by the Government of Singapore .
Tabanlıoğlu Architects ( Turkish : Tabanlıoğlu Mimarlık ) is an architectural firm based in Istanbul .
The Mighty Leaf Tea Company is a specialty tea manufacturer and distributor based in San Rafael , California .
SQL Star International Limited was an IT services company headquartered in Hyderabad , India .
JSW Infrastructure Limited , is part of the JSW Group based in Mumbai .
Sunshine Minting , Inc. , is a privately held company based in Coeur d'Alene , Idaho , that processes silver , gold and other precious metals .
3D Systems , headquartered in Rock Hill , South Carolina , is a company that engineers , manufactures and sells 3D printers .
Cúram Software was an Irish software company headquartered in Dublin , Ireland with offices in Australia , Germany , India , the United Kingdom and the United States .
Banco de Chile ( Bank of Chile ) , is a Chilean bank and financial services company with headquarters in Santiago .
One Workplace opened in 1925 in downtown San Jose , California as a family - owned bookstore .
Thomas Pink is a luxury clothing business started in London in 1984 , by three Irish brothers James , Peter and John Mullen .
Blyth , Inc. is a Greenwich , Connecticut based marketing and manufacturing company that sells personal and decorative products .
The Academy of Labour and Social Relations ( Russian : Академия труда и социальных отношений ) is a university in Russia , located in Moscow .
While the news channel has numerous affiliates , CNN primarily broadcasts from the Time Warner Center in New York City , and studios in Washington , D.C. and Los Angeles , its headquarters at the CNN Center in Atlanta is only used for weekend programming .
CITY - DT , virtual channel 57 ( UHF digital channel 44 ) , is a City owned - and - operated television station located in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
West of Grafton Street Ltd. or West Jewellers was a jewellery store which was last located on 33 Grafton Street in Dublin , Ireland .
HarbourLynx was a private company based in Nanaimo , British Columbia that provided passenger - only high speed ferry service between the city centres of Nanaimo and Vancouver .
In July 2011 , Geoloqi was chosen as a recipient of $ 25,000 in convertible bonds and guidance through the Portland Seed Fund .
Mediacorp Pte Ltd , better known as Mediacorp , is a group of commercial media companies in Singapore , with business interests in television and radio broadcasting , interactive media , and , to a lesser extent , print publishing and filmmaking .
Dexion Ltd ( from the Greek for ' right ' ) was established in 1937 in London by Australia - born engineer and printer Demetrius Comino , originally to deliver printing - related products .
Argon 18 is a Canadian cycle manufacturer founded in 1989 by retired cyclist Gervais Rioux in Montreal , Quebec .
The Isuzu Philippines Corporation , also referred to as IPC , is a subsidiary of the Japanese commercial vehicle manufacturer Isuzu and headquartered in Biñan , Laguna , Philippines .
Edcon Limited is a retail company based in Johannesburg , South Africa .
The industrial firm Auergesellschaft was founded in 1892 with headquarters in Berlin .
Television Watch is an American non - profit , non - partisan organization based in Charleston , South Carolina .
Shaftesbury plc is a British - based property business focused on properties in the West End of London .
Parrot Corporation Limited was a British floppy diskette manufacturer formed in 1983 , that operated from Llantarnam Industrial Park in Cwmbran , south Wales .
HP Foods Limited , formerly based in Birmingham , England , was best known as the producer of HP , Lea & Perrins and Daddies sauce brands .
St. Joseph Communications is a Canadian communications company based out of Toronto .
Callision is a privately owned business Voice Over IP company based out of New York City providing hosted PBX and Unified Communications .
Paul Gauguin Cruises is a cruise line owned by Beachcomber Croisieres Limited with headquarters in Bellevue , Washington .
Bellona Publishing House ( Polish : Wydawnictwo Bellona , formerly also Dom Wydawniczy Bellona ) is a publishing house based in Warsaw , Poland .
Zhejiang Television ( ZJTV , Chinese : 浙江电视台 ; pinyin : Zhèjiāng Diànshìtái ) , is a television channel under Zhejiang Radio and Television Group serving the Hangzhou city and Zhejiang province area .
Landscape Structures Inc. , founded in 1971 by Barbara and Steve King , is a playground design firm based in Delano , Minnesota .
North Flying A / S is a Danish airline with its head office in the North Flying Terminal of Aalborg Airport in Nørresundby , Aalborg Municipality .
Samba Sensors AB was founded in 1992 to commercialize a novel pressure sensor developed at Chalmers University of Technology in Gothenburg , Sweden .
Oulton College is a Canadian private post secondary college situated in Moncton , New Brunswick .
Republic Airways Holdings , Inc. is an American airline holding corporation based in Indianapolis , Indiana , that owns two American regional airlines operating in the Midwestern United States :
In 1996 , a new Alenia subsidiary , Quadrics Supercomputers World ( QSW ) was formed , based in Bristol , UK and Rome , Italy , inheriting the Quadrics SIMD product line and the Meiko CS-2 massively parallel supercomputer architecture .
Frontier Records is an independent record label , started in 1980 in Sun Valley , Los Angeles by Lisa Fancher , a former employee of Bomp !
The idea for Carnage UK was originally taken from a University of Birmingham event ' Carnage ' run by the University 's raising - and - giving society Carnival Rag .
Krónika ( Chronicle ) is a Hungarian - language Romanian broadsheet newspaper , based in Cluj - Napoca .
Exult Inc. was a company , headquartered in Irvine , California that provided business services related to Human Resources ( HR ) ) and Business Process Outsourcing ( BPO ) .
The Financial Times Deutschland was a German - language financial newspaper based in Hamburg , Germany , published by Bertelsmann 's Gruner + Jahr newspaper and magazine division .
Fairey Marine Ltd was a boat building company based on the River Hamble , Southampton , England .
ARIAD Pharmaceuticals , Inc. is an oncology company founded in 1991 and headquartered in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
The Bryant Electric Company was a manufacturer of wiring devices , electrical components , and switches founded in 1888 in Bridgeport , Connecticut , United States .
Eletrobras Cepel , the Electric Power Research Center , was created in 1974 with headquarters in Rio de Janeiro ( Ilha do Fundão ) .
Siena Research Institute ( SRI ) is an affiliate of Siena College , located originally in Friars Hall and now in Hines Hall on the college 's campus , in Loudonville , New York , in suburban Albany .
Sozialhelden e . V. is a registered nonprofit organisation based in Berlin , Germany .
Harzfeld 's was a Kansas City , Missouri - based department store chain specializing in women 's and children 's high - end apparel .
Del - One ( formerly Delaware Federal Credit Union ) is a federally chartered credit union headquartered in Dover , Delaware and regulated under the authority of the National Credit Union Administration ( NCUA ) .
Afghanistan International Bank ( AIB ) is a local commercial bank in Afghanistan , with its head office in Kabul .
Kogswell Cycles , Inc. was a small bicycle frame company with its headquarters in El Dorado Hills , California .
Digital Group Audio , commonly referred to as DGA , is a privately held consumer electronics company based in Carlsbad , California .
ENFOS , Inc. is a multinational enterprise software company with headquarters in San Mateo , California .
Aero Union Corporation was an aircraft operation and maintenance company based in Chico , California , United States .
Nalcor Energy is a provincial energy corporation which is headquartered in St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador .
Midtown Comics is a New York City comic book retailer with three shops in Manhattan and an e - commerce website .
In 1990 , Schering - Plough sold Maybelline to a New York investment firm , Wasserstein Perella & Co. Maybelline Operational Headquarters remained in Memphis until being sold in 1996 , when headquarters moved to New York City .
United American Insurance Company ( UA ) , based in McKinney , Texas , provides supplemental life , health , and accident coverage .
Freescale Semiconductor , Inc. was an American multinational corporation headquartered in Austin , Texas with design , research and development , manufacturing and sales operations in more than 75 locations in 19 countries .
Siberian State Technological University is the oldest university in Krasnoyarsk , Russia .
Spyderco is a Golden , Colorado , U.S.A. based cutlery company that produces knives and knife sharpeners .
HP Hood LLC is an American dairy company based in Lynnfield , Massachusetts .
Banco Patagonia is an Argentine commercial bank headquartered in Buenos Aires .
Founded in Montreal , Canada , DataWind is a developer of wireless , web - access products and services .
Digital Chocolate , Inc. is a video game developer and publisher headquartered in San Mateo , California .
Schempp - Hirth Flugzeugbau GmbH is a glider manufacturer based in Kirchheim unter Teck , Germany .
Jan De Nul Group is a family - owned company , with the financial headquarters in Luxembourg , that provides services relating to the construction and maintenance of maritime infrastructure on an international basis .
The company was founded in 1886 by the De Cecco brothers in the small town of Fara San Martino in the Abruzzo region of central Italy .
Legend Fighting Championship ( Legend FC ) was a Hong Kong - based mixed martial arts ( MMA ) organisation which invited national champion fighters from throughout the Asia - Pacific to compete for regional supremacy .
Sageworks is a private company headquartered in Raleigh , North Carolina .
Merisant is privately held and headquartered in Chicago .
DigitalBridge was a privately held digital ecosystem and protected information sharing company located in Orem , Utah .
Harts Stores ( Hart 's Family Center ) was a regional general merchandise chain in the midwestern United States , headquartered for many years in Columbus , Ohio .
Rocco Motto was an Italian ( Turin ) coachbuilding company established in 1930 .
Heerenveen plant employed 700 to produce 70,000 Batavus mopeds and 250,000 bicycles a year .
Sprint Applied Research & Advanced Technology Labs ( Sprint ATL / Sprint Labs ) is Sprint Nextel research facility located in Burlingame , CA .
Restaurant Nora is America 's first certified organic restaurant , located in Washington , D.C ..
Nambarrie is the brand name of a tea company based in Belfast , Northern Ireland , now owned by Twinings .
Mindjet is a mind mapping and innovation management software company headquartered in San Francisco , California .
OpenLink Software , Inc. , is a software company founded in 1992 with its headquarters in Burlington , Massachusetts , United States , although some research and product development takes place within the EU , across the UK , Netherlands and Bulgaria .
The Peruvian Corporation Ltd. ( alternate : Peruvian Corporation of London ) was registered under the Companies Act in London on 20 March 1890 .
E & J Gallo Winery is a winery and distributor headquartered in Modesto , California .
Beverly Hills 6750 , is a luxury aesthetic center in Makati City , Philippines .
Energy Management Inc ( EMI ) is a Boston - based energy company that was founded by Jim Gordon in 1975 .
Kaznetmedia company was founded by Daniyar Sugralinov in Astana in 2009 .
Strato AG is an internet service provider headquartered in Berlin , Germany .
Headquartered in Emeryville , California , Esperanto - USA is a 501(c)3 nonprofit organization and is the US section of the Universala Esperanto - Asocio .
Tri Synergy is a Video game publisher Founded in 1996 in Dallas , Texas , They specializes in co - publishing game 's made by a variety of developers
Karlskrona HK is an ice hockey club located in Karlskrona , Sweden , established in 2001 .
Wisconsin Rebels were an American soccer team , founded in 1998 , originally as the Fox River Rebels .
The company was founded in 1883 by Friedrich Gretsch , a 27-year - old German immigrant , shortly after his arrival to the United States .
Yeghikian are an American Rock band from Los Angeles , CA , formed in 2014 .
The Pittsburgh Shamrocks were a professional ice hockey team , based in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania that played in the International Hockey League in 1935 - -36 .
The Union Beverages Factory , based in the UAE , began selling Maaza as a franchisee in the Middle East and Africa in 1976 .
Ritzaus Bureau A / S , or Ritzau for short , is a Danish news agency founded in 1866 by Erik Nicolai Ritzau .
Founded in 1969 , Software AG is an enterprise software company with over 10,000 enterprise customers in over 70 countries .
Appliance Art , Inc. was founded by Grant T. Smith in 2008 to give people options to upgrade the look of their kitchens without buying new appliances and countertops .
Helped by the French guitar player Eddy Santacreu , bassist Matt Hunter , rhythm guitarist Luke Cuerten and Chris Brown on drums , they formed the band Koritni in 2006 .
The new autonomous status , granted from 1972 onwards , has resulted in a considerable level of self - government , also due to the large financial resources of South Tyrol , retaining almost 90 % of all levied taxes .
The Elgar Society was founded in 1951 and was registered as a charity on 22 January 1988 .
The Suk Trio was a Czech piano trio founded in 1951 and disbanded in 1990 .
Fyxation is a bicycle company based in Milwaukee , Wisconsin , founded by Nick and Ben Ginster in 2009 .
Audimated.com , which launched in June 2010 , offers a platform in which both artists and fans can sell music and related products to make a profit .
Doubs is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790 .
King Brothers Productions was a film production company active from 1941 to the late 1960s .
Frontier Energy Group , LLC traces its history back to 1986 with the opening of Frontier Wellhead & Supply in Watford City , North Dakota .
The Scuola Superiore di Studi Storici di San Marino ( Advanced School of Historical Studies in San Marino ) , founded in 1988 , is a doctorate - awarding centre for research and study in history and related humanities , with a strong international character .
Main Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located on Quadra Island . Established in 1997 , the Main Lake Provincial Park encompasses a large wilderness area for visitor observation and outdoor recreation .
The Korean Central News Agency ( KCNA ) is the state news agency of North Korea that was established on December 5 , 1946 .
The New Zealand Chamber Soloists ( NZCS ) ( established 2006 ) , are a New Zealand based chamber music ensemble .
JSC Izhevsk Electromechanical Plant or IEMZ Kupol for short ( Russian : Ижевский электромеханический завод `` Купол '' ) is a Soviet / Russian military R&D enterprise founded in 1957 .
The 91st Reconnaissance Squadron was re - activated , re - organized , and re - designated the 1st Squadron ( Airborne ) , 91st Cavalry Regiment on 8 June 2006 , at Conn Barracks in Schweinfurt , Germany .
The Pentax K - x won the Technical Image Press Association ( TIPA ) award for Best DSLR Entry Level in Europe 2010 and Time Magazine listed the Pentax K - x in its Best Travel Gadgets of 2009 list .
The Fimcap was founded in 1962 and is recognised as an official catholic organization by the Pontifical Council for the Laity .
The Piccadilly Gallery was an art gallery which operated from a number of addresses in London between 1953 and 2007 .
Jacob Yates and the Pearly Gate Lock Pickers were formed in 2007 by Jake Lovatt , former front man with Uncle John & Whitelock .
Dead & Company was formed in 2015 following the hugely successful Fare Thee Well concerts performed by the surviving members of the Grateful Dead .
The Deutscher Fernsehpreis ( German Television Award ) is a German award for television programming , created in 1999 by German television channels Das Erste , ZDF , RTL and Sat.1 .
Camp Creek State Park was created in 1987 by dividing the 550-acre ( 220 ha ) area from Camp Creek State Forest .
The Charter of the Forest was first issued on 6 November 1217 as a complementary charter to the Magna Carta from which it had evolved .
Otay Ranch High School is a high school established in 2003 with 97 classrooms .
The Bandstand Marathon is a cultural event that began in 2008 and sees a range of free live music concerts take place simultaneously at bandstands and other outdoor venues across the United Kingdom .
The Centralist Republic of Mexico ( Spanish : República Centralista de México ) , officially the Mexican Republic ( Spanish : República Mexicana ) was a unitary political regime established in Mexico on October 23 , 1835 , after the repeal of the Constitution of 1824 .
They were formed in 1990 under the name Kåre and The Cavemen , but changed their name to Euroboys in 1997 for releases outside of Norway .
Simian Records is a record label founded by actor and The Lord of the Rings star Elijah Wood in 2005 .
Welkom officially came into being on 15 April 1947 , six years after the first mining lease in the area was awarded to the St Helena Gold Mining Company , and was proclaimed a town on 23 July 1948 .
The Swedish Handball Federation was founded in 1931 , and is a member of the Swedish Sports Confederation ( Swedish : Riksidrottsförbundet , RF ) , the Swedish Olympic Committee ( Swedish : Sveriges Olympiska Kommitté , SOK ) , the European Handball Federation ( EHF ) and the International Handball Federation ( IHF ) .
The Christian Association for Psychological Studies ( CAPS ) , founded in 1956 , is an association of Christians in the counseling and behavioral sciences .
Ghostfire Games is a video game developer and publisher based out of Austin , Texas , U.S. , founded in late 2007 .
The complete name of the movement , which was founded on 26 November 2006 in Padua , is Venetians Movement for the Independence of Venetia ( Movimento Veneti par ła Indipendensa de ła Venetia ) , but it is commonly known also as The Venetians ( I Veneti ) .
Eskimo Callboy is a German electronicore band formed in Castrop - Rauxel in 2010 .
Health PEI was established by the provincial government following Royal Assent of the Health Services Act on April 1 , 2010 .
In 1990 Gomel State Medical University was founded as per resolution of the Council of Ministers and Order of the Minister of Health of the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic .
Coriant was formed as an independent company in 2013 .
The NASA Exceptional Achievement Medal is an award of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration established in 1991 .
The Creative Circus , founded in Atlanta , Georgia in 1995 by Norm Grey , Rob Lawton , Carol Vick , Mike Jones - Kelley , Betty Gammage and Reva Ezell is an accredited , portfolio - building educational program for Creative Advertising ( Copywriting and Art Direction ) , Interactive Development , Design and Photography .
Within the framework of municipal reform , the new community of Wildeck came into being on 31 December 1971 through the merger of the above - named communities .
On October 21 , 2002 , Covenant University opened .
The Australian Football Hall of Fame was established in 1996 , the Centenary year of the Australian Football League , to help recognise the contributions made to the sport of Australian rules football by players , umpires , media personalities , coaches and administrators .
SBI Capital Markets ( SBICAPS ) is an investment bank founded in August 1986 .
Bootsauce was a Canadian rock band formed in Montreal in 1989 .
Inspired by her daughter Gaby , Donna Karan founded DKNY in 1989 as a younger , more affordable fast fashion diffusion line to run alongside her existing Donna Karan New York label .
Airtel Tanzania was the result of partial privatization of TTCL on February 23 , 2001 .
Timbercorp , a now - defunct managed investment scheme within Australia from 1999 to 2008 , was established to manage superannuation and investments in agriculture .
Fanzz began operations in 1985 and has grown to be one of the largest sports apparel and merchandise providers in the United States .
The CESNET association was founded in 1996 by Czech public universities and the Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic .
Grandy 's was founded in 1972 by Walter E. Johnson and Rex E. Sanders , who became friends while working together as teenagers at a Dallas , Texas cafeteria .
Lady Antebellum is an American country music group formed in Nashville , Tennessee in 2006 .
From 1992 - -93 season to 1997 - -98 season , Slovenian Third League was divided into two regional groups ( East and West ) with both group winners directly promoting to the Slovenian Second League .
Cono Christian School , founded in 1951 near Walker , Iowa , by Max and Jean Belz , is a K-12 day and boarding school serving students from around the United States and the world .
The Special Goodness is an American alternative rock band from Los Angeles , California , formed in 1996 by Weezer drummer Patrick Wilson .
In 1997 , Nanosurf was awarded the `` Start - up - Label '' by the Swiss government agency for innovation ( KTI ) .
Electronic Privacy Information Center ( EPIC ) is a public interest research group in Washington , D.C. EPIC was established in 1994 to focus public attention on emerging civil liberties issues and to protect privacy , the First Amendment and constitutional values in the information age .
K.S.K. Ronse is a Belgian association football club from Ronse in East Flanders born in 1987 from the fusion between Assa Ronse and R.F.C. Renaisien .
The station was assigned the WQOS - LP call letters by the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) on January 9 , 2004 .
It was founded in 1847 as Rockford Female Seminary and changed its name to Rockford College in 1892 , and to Rockford University in 2013 .
The Hummocks Watchman Eagles Football Club was formed in 1995 from a merger of Adelaide Plains Football League clubs , Hummocks Watchman and Port Wakefield .
Silversun Pickups is an alternative rock band from Los Angeles that was formed in 2002 .
Funk&Gonzo got the their start in the summer of 2008 when three of the founding members of Salt Lake City band VoxCarnage joined up with current Funk&Gonzo front man Eric Pehrson .
The Night Marchers are an alternative rock band formed in 2007 in San Diego , California .
Cosquin Rock is an Argentine music festival , held annually since 2001 .
Orsa Spelmän is a folk music sextet from Orsa in Sweden , which was founded in 1987 .
Flugwissenschaftliche Vereinigung Aachen ( abbreviation : FVA , English : Flight Research Association Aachen ) is a non - profit organization , founded in 1920 , which is closely associated to RWTH Aachen University ( Rheinisch - Westfälische Technische Hochschule -- Aachen ) , with members consisting of RWTH Aachen students , which have included Felix Kracht .
Timber Lodge Steakhouse Inc. was originally founded under the name Minnesota Steakhouse in September 1991 in Burnsville , Minnesota .
The N. Waldo Harrison Professorship was established in 1987 by Virginia Tech College of Engineering alumnus Nathaniel Waldo Harrison .
A colony of North Australia existed briefly after it was authorised by letters patent of 17 February 1846 .
Air Anatolia ( Turkish : Anadolu Havacılık A.Ş. ) was a charter airline from Turkey , which was operational between 1998 and 2002 .
The 1st Laotian Parachute Battalion ( Fr : 1er bataillon de parachutistes laotiens ) was a French paratroop battalion formed in Vientiane , French Indochina in 1951 .
The Militia Immaculatae ( meaning the `` Army of the Immaculate One '' ) , called in English the Knights of the Immaculata , is a worldwide Catholic evangelization movement founded by St. Maximilian Kolbe in 1917 .
Adafruit Industries is an open - source hardware company founded by Limor Fried in 2005 .
Lifelover was a Swedish metal band , formed in 2005 by Jonas Bergqvist and Kim Carlsson .
Hi Fly Malta started operations in early 2013 with one Airbus A340 - 600 formerly operated by Virgin Atlantic with one more pre - owned on order .
Within the framework of administrative reform in Hesse on 31 December 1971 , the community of Brechen came into being through the amalgamation of the formerly autonomous communities of Werschau and Niederbrechen .
Licht ins Dunkel ( German for `` light into the dark '' ) is an annual telethon held in Austria since 1973 .
On the basis of the Baku Marine College by the task of Great Leader Haydar Aliyev , by the decision of Cabinet of Ministers of the Azerbaijan Republic № 91 , dated July 15 , 1996 the Azerbaijan State Marine Academy ( ASMA ) was created .
The Tornante Company , LLC is a privately held investment firm founded by former The Walt Disney Company CEO Michael Eisner in 2005 .
The Free Republic of Wendland ( from German Republik Freies Wendland ) was a protest camp established in Gorleben , Germany , on 3 May 1980 to protest against the establishment of a nuclear waste dump there .
Óčko ( stylised as Òĉko ) is the first Czech music television channel , which started broadcasting in 2002 .
Violet Scene was a Norwegian rock group whose key members included Kjetil Bergseth ( vocals / guitar ) , Jo Espen Bergseth ( bass ) , Ralf Lofstad ( guitar ) , Arvid Nordstrand ( drums ) and Asbjørn Risøy ( guitar ) between 1995 and 2000 .
Qwest Records is the American record label started by Quincy Jones in 1980 as a joint venture with Warner Bros. Records , and owned by Warner Music Group .
Art Projects International was founded in 1993 and opened its first commercial gallery space in the SoHo section of Manhattan .
Brightcove was founded in 2004 by Jeremy Allaire , who now serves as Executive Chairman , and Bob Mason .
Edge Wireless LLC was a mobile phone provider founded in 1999 by Wayne Perry , Cal Cannon and Donnie Castleman , serving southern Oregon , northern California , southeastern Idaho and Jackson , Wyoming .
Open to the public in 1734 under Clement XII , the Capitoline Museums are considered the first museum in the world , understood as a place where art could be enjoyed by all and not only by the owners .
The predecessor of the China Art Museum was the Shanghai Art Museum , which was established in 1956 in a former restaurant on West Nanjing Road , and completely rebuilt in 1986 .
Brava3D was a Dutch cultural 3D television channel aimed at the European market which launched on 25 November 2010 Free - to - air on the Astra 3B satellite .
Coke Boys Records is a record label , originally known as Cocaine City Records that was founded by American rapper French Montana in 2008 .
In 1920 , a group of monks sent by Alfredo Ildefonso Schuster , then Abbot of the Abbey of St. Paul Outside the Walls in Rome ( attached to the Basilica of Saint Paul Outside the Walls ) , gave a new life to Farfa Abbey by starting anew traditional monastic praying ( the Divine office ) and living .
Transparency Market Research ( TMR ) is a global market research , analysis , and intelligence firm with offices in India and the U.S. The company was incorporated as a public partnership in 2011 by Anurag Singh and Utkarsh Koregaonkar .
The Danish Astronomical Society ( Dansk Astronomisk Selskab ) was founded in 1916 ' with the purpose of acting for the spread of knowledge and interest in astronomy and astronomical research ' .
The Asia Pacific Foundation of Canada ( APF Canada ) , created by an Act of Parliament in 1984 , is an independent , not - for - profit think - tank on Canada 's relations with Asia .
Mezarkabul was formed in Bursa in 1986 by guitarist Hakan Utangaç and drummer Cenk Ünnü .
Port Dalrymple School was opened in 1999 after the merge of George Town Primary School and George Town High School .
46 South African Brigade was established on April 1 , 1999 as part of the restructuring process of the South African Army .
Jatipita Engineering College , now called Maheshwara Institute Of Technology was established in the 1997 at the Adilabad constituency in the district of Adilabad .
Aliağa Petkim was established in 1993 , and continued playing in the ranks of TB2L until in 2008 - 09 season .
Agip ( Azienda Generale Italiana Petroli -- General Italian Oil Company ) is a former Italian automotive gasoline , Diesel , LPG , lubricants , fuel oil , and bitumen retailer established in 1926 .
Icon Ventures was founded by Joe Horowitz in 2003 in Palo Alto , California under the name Jafco Ventures .
The Sadies are a Canadian rock and roll / country and western band formed in 1994 in Toronto .
MISCA was established on 5 December 2013 by United Nations Security Council resolution 2127 to stabilise the country as a result of the Central African Republic conflict under the Djotodia administration and following the 2013 Central African Republic coup d'état .
In 1993 , Koryo Tours was set up by Nick Bonner and Joshua Green and they have been organizing trips into the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea since 1993 .
Airtasker was founded in 2012 by Australian entrepreneurs Tim Fung and Jonathan Lui and has raised AUD $ 3.5 million to date .
Oasis Academy Lord 's Hill replaced Millbrook Community School and Oaklands Community School which both closed in August 2008 .
Von Thronstahl is a German electronic , martial - industrial , neoclassical , and neofolk band which was founded in 1995 by Josef Maria Klumb .
Originally founded by Kotama Okada in 1959 under the name L.H. Yokoshi Tomo no Kai , Sukyo Mahikari was registered on 23 June 1978 by Keishu Okada as part of an amicable settlement following the passing of Kotama Okada .
California X are a punk rock band formed in 2012 in Amherst , Massachusetts by Lemuel Gurtowsky .
The Swiss Numismatic Society ( SNS ) was founded in 1879 and is a registered non - profit organization .
Oscar Theatre Company was founded by local performer Emily Gilhome in 2004 with a view to support and produce new works and productions for young Queensland theatre artists .
The Yangon General Hospital was established in 1899 as the Rangoon General Hospital ( RGH ) with a capacity of 342 beds during the British colonial era .
Ansett New Zealand was a wholly owned airline subsidiary of Ansett Australia , serving the New Zealand domestic market between 1987 and 2000 .
The construction of Yishun Junior College was completed in December 1986 and the college was officially declared open by Mr. Tang Guan Seng , Parliamentary Secretary , Ministry of Education on 28 May 1988 .
Laker Airways ( Bahamas ) was an airline founded in 1992 , which operated until 2005 .
Université Internationale de Casablanca ( International University of Casablanca ) is a licensed private university in Casablanca , Morocco , which opened in September 2010 .
From 1 October 2013 , Capital for Enterprise Limited ( CfEL ) , BIS SME policy teams and private sector expertise were brought together within BIS to start the British Business Bank programme .
Founded in late 2008 , the China LPGA Tour hosted six professional events in 2009 , eight events the following year , and 12 events in 2011 .
Time Life was founded in 1961 as the book division of Time Inc ..
The Duskfall is a Swedish melodic death metal band from Luleå , Sweden , formed in 1999 .
Sister Hazel formed in Gainesville , Florida in 1993 and was named for Sister Hazel Williams , a local missionary who ran a homeless shelter .
Visceral Games was known as EA Redwood Shores from 1998 to May 2009 .
T.P.E. was a project of dance - pop and Freestyle music formed in 1991 by music producer Adam Marano , who also was the only member of the project .
Highspeed Hayride is an American country music band established in 2002 in Victoria , Texas .
New West Electronic Arts & Music Organization ( NWEAMO ) , founded by composer Joseph Waters in Portland , Oregon , U.S. in 1998 , is a nonprofit organization based in San Diego , California that produces the annual international festival of electro - acoustic music .
Ar Re Yaouank ( The young people ) is a Breton music group , established in 1986 by two brothers born in Quimper , Brittany , in northwestern France , Fred and Jean - Charles Guichen ( 16 and 14 years at that time ) playing the diatonic accordion and the acoustic guitar respectively .
Midsummer Eve Bonfire on Skagen Beach ( Danish : Sankt Hansblus på Skagen strand ) is a 1906 painting by P.S. Krøyer .
The first Flunch branch opened in the Englos shopping centre on the outskirts of Lille in 1971 .
EasyJet has seen rapid expansion since its establishment in 1995 , having grown through a combination of acquisitions and base openings fuelled by consumer demand for low - cost air travel .
Villanos is an Argentinian band formed in 1994 in the neighborhood of Villa Celina .
Tabriz Museum of Natural History is a museum of wild life in the city of Tabriz at north western Iran , established in 1993 by Department of Environment of Iran .
It was established by the Thai Public Broadcasting Service Act , BE 2551 ( 2008 ) , which came into force on 15 January 2008 .
List Current and past leaders General President - Director * Since 7 September 1992 , the position of general President - Director of France 2 has governed over both France 2 and France Télévision .
Jiangning Road Station ( Chinese : 江宁路 ) is a station on the Shanghai Metro , which services Line 13 and opened on December 19 , 2015 .
Tecumseh Products Company was founded by tool and die maker Raymond Herrick , in 1934 .
Mladost 1 Metro Station ( Bulgarian : Метростанция `` Младост 1 `` ) is a station on the Sofia Metro in Bulgaria . It opened on May 8 , 2009 .
The Charleston Museum is recognized by the American Alliance of Museums as the first museum in America ; it was founded in 1773 and opened to the public in 1824 .
The Bundang Line was first opened in September 1994 between Suseo and Ori .
On November 11 , 2013 , the ECHL Board of Governors approved the expansion membership application of the Indy Fuel for admission to the league for the 2014 - -15 season .
The Humanist Union was founded in 1961 in Munich and is the oldest existing civil rights organization of the Federal Republic of Germany .
Afriqiyah Airways was established in April 2001 and commenced scheduled services on 1 December 2001 .
Sound Relief was a multi - venue rock music concert held on 14 March 2009 , which was announced by the Premier of Victoria , John Brumby on 24 February 2009 .
Formed in 1988 by male vocalist Ty Elam as the gothic rock band Cradle of Thorns .
Chicklet originally started as a side project from the other musical projects Park and Barida were involved with prior to 1995 .
The World Music Awards is an international awards show founded in 1989 under the high patronage of Albert II , Prince of Monaco and is based in Monte - Carlo .
The Compagnie générale transsaharienne ( CGT ) was a French company founded in 1923 that provided road and air transport in the French colonial territories that covered most of the Sahara .
Zynga with Friends ( formerly Newtoy , Inc. ) is a video game developer founded in 2008 by brothers Paul Bettner and David Bettner , and their cousin Michael Chow .
ASI Government ( ASI ) formerly Acquisition Solutions , Inc. , started out in 1996 as an acquisition consultant to the federal government , and was one of the recognized contributors to the US Government 's Performance Based Acquisition ( PBA ) Seven Steps guide .
The Las Vegas Legends is an American indoor soccer team founded in 2012 as a member of the Major Arena Soccer League .
Bhagat Phool Singh Mahila Vishwavidyalaya , also known as Bhagat Phool Singh Women 's University , is the first exclusively women 's only State university of Northern India established by the Government of Haryana in August 2006 at Village Khanpur Kalan , District Sonipat .
In 1803 , as part of the Act of Mediation , the canton of Thurgau became a member of the Swiss confederation .
School friends Danny `` Brotha D '' Leaosavai'i and Andy Murnane founded Dawn Raid Entertainment in 1999 .
The Royal Saxon State Railways ( Königlich Sächsische Staatseisenbahnen ) were the state - owned railways operating in the Kingdom of Saxony from 1869 to 1918 .
The Oxygen Green Party ( Spanish : Partido Verde Oxígeno ) was a political party in Colombia founded in 1998 .
Coliban Water is a regional water corporation in Victoria , Australia , established on 1 July 1992 .
The Taiwan Indigenous Television ( TITV ; Chinese : 原住民族電視台 ; pinyin : Yuánzhù Mínzú Diànshìtái ) is a satellite cable channel operated by Taiwan Broadcasting System ( TBS ) in Taiwan , launched on July 1 , 2005 .
Boon Rawd Brewery ( Thai : บริษัท บุญรอดบริวเวอรี่ จำกัด ) is a well - known Asian brewery founded in 1933 by Boonrawd Srethabutra .
The acquired company , which had been formed in December 1963 , was renamed W.H. Smith Do It All Limited on the same date , and traded thereafter as WHSmith Do It All .
WAAKE - UP ! ( World Awareness and Action Koalition of Equal United Progressives ) was a student and community coalition at the University of Colorado Boulder ( CU - Boulder ) active from 1998 to 2001 .
Latvian Way was founded on 25 September 1993 , by a group of former activists of Popular Front of Latvia and Latvian exiles who had returned to Latvia after it regained independence .
Ghana Technology University College ( GTUC ) , formerly Ghana Telecom University College is a university founded in 2005 by Ghana Telecom , the national telecommunications company .
Copenhell is a heavy metal festival held annually at Refshaleøen in Copenhagen , Denmark , since 2010 .
Fullen Gaels were formed in February 2005 Manchester by a small group passionate about hurling and with a desire to reintroduce the sport to ( historic ) Lancashire after an absence of two decades , following the Sarsfields club 's disbandment .
The Beautiful Music ( TBM ) is a Canadian record label started in 2002 by Wally Salem , specializing in indie pop . Acts include Skytone , Nick Danger & the Danger City Rebels , The Mules , Jeremy Gluck , Dot Dash , Roy Moller , The Yellow Melodies , The Higher Elevations and The Social Icons .
The English Shakespeare Company was an English theatre company founded in 1986 by Michael Bogdanov and Michael Pennington to present and promote the works of William Shakespeare on both a national and an international level .
The American Translators Association ( ATA ) was founded in 1959 and is now the largest professional association of translators and interpreters in the United States with more than 10,000 members in 90 countries .
Lunatic Society is a Belgian old school punk rock band , established in 1992 .
Spare Me Records was an independent record label based in Williamsburg , New York , active between 1996 and 2002 .
Sergeant Steel is a hard rock band from Austria , which was found by guitar player Jack Power , singer Phil Vanderkill and bass player Cosy Coxx in 2007 .
Preceding the Asüna marque , Passport sold a Korean ( Daewoo ) made badge engineered Opel Kadett E known as the Passport Optima ( which hit Canadian shores in 1991 ) as well as a selection of Isuzu cars and SUVs .
The history of Orient Lines began in 1991 when Shipping & General Ltd , owned by Gerry Herrod , acquired the cruise ship Alexandr Pushkin from Far Eastern Shipping Company .
Freefaller were a British pop / rock band from Newcastle upon Tyne , England , formed in 2001 .
Airgas was founded by Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Peter McCausland in 1982 , and became a publicly traded company in 1986 .
Uprok Records was a record label created in 1999 under the parent company Tooth & Nail Records , with a focus on distributing Christian hip - hop artists .
The Malayan High School of Science ( MHSS ) is a private secondary educational institution established in 2005 , and it is managed and operated by the Mapúa Institute of Technology ( MIT ) .
NU'EST ( Hangul : 뉴이스트 ; acronym for New Establish Style Tempo ) is a South Korean boy group formed by Pledis Entertainment in 2012 .
The Tchicaya U Tam'si Prize for African Poetry , established in 1989 , rewards a writer who is distinguished by an innovative poetic work , of high artistic value .
Golden Myanmar Airlines ( Burmese : ရွှေမြန်မာ လေကြောင်းလိုင်း ) domestic and international airlines established in August 2012 .
After the band 's demise in 1996 , Carns and Sloan continued to collaborate with July and named the new line - up The Need , releasing their debut EP , Margie Ruskie Stops Time , on Kill Rock Stars .
Angelit , formerly known as Angelin tytöt ( Aŋŋel nieiddat ) , is a Finnish Sámi folk music group formed by sisters Ursula and Tuuni Länsman in 1989 .
The Koffler Centre of the Arts is a broad - based cultural institution established in 1977 by Murray and Marvelle Koffler and based at Artscape Youngplace in the West Queen West area of downtown Toronto , Ontario .
The Pakistan Oilfields is a subsidiary of the Attock Group of Companies , was incorporated on 25 November 25 , 1950 , with the financial capital and technical cooperation of the Soviet Union .
The airline was established as Astair Airlines in 1998 and became Interavia Airlines on 18 May 2005 .
Based in Taiwan , G.Skill corporation was established in 1989 by a group of computer enthusiasts .
The Libera Università Maria SS . Assunta , often simply abbreviated as `` LUMSA '' is a private university founded in 1939 in Rome .
Founded in 2009 , John Meadow and his partners merged all of their restaurants and subsidiaries to form LDV Hospitality .
CANADEM is an Ottawa based non - profit , government - related organization established in 1996 with funding from the Canadian Department of Foreign Affairs and International Trade .
System Planning Corporation ( SPC ) is a Virginia based corporation founded in 1970 that produces military electronics , such as radar , and Systems Engineering and Technical Assistance in airwarfare , cybersecurity , program management and research of advanced weapons systems , advanced space systems and advanced microsystems for the United States Department of Defense ( DoD ) .
The Hamnet Players , founded in 1993 , perform virtual theatre ( cyberformance ) using IRC chat .
Luxor Temple is a large Ancient Egyptian temple complex located on the east bank of the Nile River in the city today known as Luxor ( ancient Thebes ) and was founded in 1400 BCE .
Benadir University was founded in October 2002 as a medical school to help train local doctors in Somalia .
BC Nadezhda Orenburg ( Надежда Оренбург ) is a Russian women 's basketball club from Orenburg founded in 1994 .
Per Aspera Press is a publisher of speculative fiction based in Seattle , Washington , founded by Karawynn Long and Jak Koke in 2003 .
Baghlan University ( Pashto : د بغلان پوهنتون‎ ) ( Baghlan Province , Afghanistan ) was established in 1993 as Hakim Naser Khesraw University , and burned down in 1998 by the Taliban .
University of Hertfordshire Press was formed in 1992 as the publishing wing of the University of Hertfordshire .
Ovum Recordings is a house music record label founded by Josh Wink and King Britt in October 1994 .
The company was incorporated on 15 January 1996 as Dynasty Dealer Private Ltd. In 1998 , it was listed on BSE and changed its name to Binani Cement Ltd.
Nelstar Entertainment , Inc. ( also known as Nelstar Music or simply Nelstar ) is a Canadian independent record label founded in 2009 by Nelly Furtado in cooperation with Last Gang Records .
The Singapore Recreation Club was founded on 23 June 1883 by a group of thirty eurasian men and was officially established on 1 July 1883 .
Image3D was founded in 1997 by Rich Dubnow , the lead 3-D photographer for View - Master for more than two decades .
The Friends of Herculaneum Society is an Oxford - based British charity founded in 2004 to promote research into the archaeological site of Herculaneum at Ercolano , near Naples , Italy .
The Austin Motor Company Limited was an English manufacturer of motor vehicles , founded in 1905 by Herbert Austin .
The Frink School opened in 1996 in Longton , moving to Tunstall in 1999 .
Created in April 1996 for the AB Sat package , Chasse et Pêche is a channel dedicated to hunting and fishing for sport , and those who enjoy them .
ITC Sangeet Research Academy ( ITC - SRA ) was established in 1978 with the objective of preserving and promoting Hindustani Classical Music .
MTV Greece was the Greek version of MTV , launched on September 1 , 2008 .
The Midnight Ramblers were founded in 1998 by Jon Huang , then a sophomore at the University of Rochester .
The Object Data Management Group ( ODMG ) was conceived in the summer of 1991 at a breakfast with object database vendors that was organized by Rick Cattell of Sun Microsystems .
The Taiwan Intellectual Property Office ( TIPO ) is the patent , trademark , and copyright office of Taiwan , established in 1999 .
The WNBA Finals has been played at the conclusion of every WNBA season in history , the first being held in 1997 .
WFMX went on the air March 17 , 1990 as a satellite fed oldies format under the call letters WHQO ( Standing for `` Headquarters for Oldies '' ) changing a few years later to a community based AC format as `` The Light at the end of the dial '' .
Trepan Records is a pioneering independent English record label and promotions company , founded in London in 2007 .
Velocity Girl was an American indie rock band formed in 1989 in College Park , Maryland , although it was generally known as a Washington , DC - area band .
KMFM Shepway and White Cliffs Country launched on 29 September 1997 as Neptune Radio , broadcasting on 96.4 and 106.8 FM after a month - long trial concluded earlier that same morning .
Buckinghamshire University Technical College ( or Buckinghamshire UTC ) is a university technical college ( UTC ) which opened in September 2013 in Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire , England .
The Tamil Nadu Uniformed Services Recruitment Board ( TNUSRB ) was constituted by the Government of Tamil Nadu in November 1991 vide G.O. Ms. No . 1806 , Home ( Ser . F ) Department , dated 29.11.1991 for the recruitment of personnel for the Uniformed Services like Police , Prison and Fire and Rescue Services .
Lincoln UTC is a University Technical College in Lincoln , England which opened in 2014 and specialises in science and engineering skills .
CLS Communication was created in 1997 as a spin - off from Swiss Bank Corporation ( now UBS ) and Zurich Financial Services .
After receiving an extension to its original permit , KSJE received its license to cover from the FCC on December 9 , 1992 .
In 2003 , Ramiyah released their self - titled album Ramiyah , which was released through Columbia .
WLBB Carrollton , Georgia , moved to 1330 kHz and the 1100 kHz signal moved to Hapeville and changed calls to WWWE on August 30 , 1996 .
4 Runner was an American country music vocal group founded in 1993 by lead singer Craig Morris , baritone Billy Crittenden , tenor Lee Hilliard , and bass Jim Chapman .
The University of Priština ( Serbian : Универзитет у Приштини/Univerzitet u Prištini ) is the name of the Serbian - language higher education institution that emerged after the disestablishment of the University of Pristina ( 1969 - -1999 ) as a result of the Kosovo War .
Invitrogen was founded in 1987 by Lyle Turner , Joe Fernandez , and William McConnell and was incorporated in 1989 .
Atlantic Television was founded in 1997 by former BBC producer Howard Gibbins .
Ruffhouse Records is a record label founded in 1989 by Chris Schwartz and Joe Nicolo as a joint venture with Columbia Records .
In 1922 , various non - aligned groups and individuals established the Organization of General Zionists as a non - ideological party within the Zionist Organization ( later the World Zionist Organization ) at a time when the Zionist movement was becoming polarized between Labour Zionists and Revisionist Zionism .
The Steamship Historical Society of America ( SSHSA ) is a non - profit organization that was founded in 1935 as a means of bringing together amateur and professional maritime historians in the waning years of steamboat services in the northeastern United States .
The death metal band Wayd was founded in 1994 when thrash metal band MARION and death metal band DYSENTERY fused together .
The Lingerie Basketball League ( LBL ) is a women 's basketball league , created in 2011 .
Zhone Technologies , Inc. is a provider of telecommunications networking equipment founded in 1999 .
Preventice , Inc. , formerly known as Boost Information Systems , Inc. , was founded in 2007 by Jonathan Otterstatter , Scott Burrichter , Greg Wobig , and Dan Spors .
Viereck was founded in 1748 in the course of the repopulation policy under King Frederick II , the Great , of Prussia .
The SI Leeds Literary Prize is a biennial award founded in 2012 by Soroptimist International of Leeds ( SI Leeds ) -- a branch of the worldwide women 's organization Soroptimist International -- for unpublished fiction written by Black and Asian women resident in the UK .
The McConnell Center is an endowed institution created in 1991 by U.S. Senator Mitch McConnell , and the University of Louisville .
Pan Am International Flight Academy ( PAIFA ) is the only remaining division of the once iconic Pan American World Airways , which declared bankruptcy in January 1991 and shut down in December 1991 .
Radio Bremen began transmitting a daily programme on AM radio on 23 December 1945 under the post - war occupation of Germany by the Allied powers .
Essendon Keilor College was founded in 1992 from the amalgamation of Queens Park Secondary College ( formerly Essendon Technical School ) , Essendon High School , Niddrie High School and Keilor Heights Secondary College .
The Société française de photographie ( French Photographic Society ) is an association , founded on 15 November 1854 , devoted to the history of photography .
The opening of Eagles Meadow was Thursday 30 October 2008 at 10 am .
Blurtonia was a Canadian indie rock group , formed in May 1999 to play live shows in support of the well - received self - released debut Adventures in the Kingdom of Blurtonia , co - produced by Daryl Smith whose credits include Sloan , Tricky Woo , and Godspeed You !
The New Dominion is a Dutch death metal band from Tilburg , formed in 2006 .
Youngstown State University ( YSU ) , founded in 1908 , is an urban research university located in Youngstown , Ohio , United States .
The Queen signed a warrant on 13 August 1994 to allow formation of the Corps of Army Music .
Launched in October 2009 , Epix is the youngest of the major premium TV channels in the United States ( and several decades younger than the three other established premium networks ) .
Sky Real Lives first launched as Sky Travel on 3 October 1994 , and became part of the Sky Multichannels package .
Vibe 101 ( latterly broadcasting as Vibe FM ) has been relaunched as Kiss 101 , effective 07:00 on 6 September 2006 as Emap integrates the stations of the former SRH into its own portfolio .
The Communist Party of Lithuania ( Lithuanian : Lietuvos komunistų partija , Russian : Коммунистическая партия Литвы ) was a communist party in Lithuania , established in early October 1918 .
Deli de Luca is a Norwegian convenience store founded in 2003 by Adriano Capoferro and four other founding partners ( Thor Johansen , Geir Syversen , Terje Bergh and Vesna Milkovic ) .
Radiation City is an American indie rock band that began in Portland , Oregon , in 2010 .
Aaj News was initially started on March 23 , 2005 by the Business Recorder Group .
The Saudi Arabian Monetary Agency ( SAMA ) , established in 1952 , is the central bank of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia .
Microland was started in Bangalore , India in August 1989 with a key focus on hardware and networking till date .
America 's Talking was an American cable television channel focused mainly on talk based programming , created by NBC and spun off from economic channel CNBC , that was launched on July 4 , 1994 and replaced on July 15 , 1996 .
After numerous lawsuits , BonairExel ( now called Bonaire Express ) and Curaçao Express merged to form Dutch Antilles Express , which started operations on April 30 , 2005 with flights between the Netherlands Antilles and Aruba .
The Bahrain Centre for Human Rights is a Bahraini non - profit non - governmental organisation which works to promote human rights in Bahrain , which was founded by a number of Bahraini activists in June 2002 .
Haliç University is a foundation university , which was founded in 1998 by the Children Leukemia Foundation in Turkey .
In 2004 , Melissa Swingle 's band Trailer Bride broke up , and she formed The Moaners with drummer Laura King , formerly of the Chapel Hill band Grand National .
Nosotek was founded in 2008 by the North Korean General Federation of Science and Technology ( GFST ) and the foreign entrepreneurs Felix Abt and Volker Eloesser .
Epoka University ( EU ) is a private for - profit university founded in 2007 in Tirana , Albania .
Singapore Press Holdings Limited was formed on 1 January 1984 through a merger of three organisations , The Straits Times Press , Singapore News and Publications Limited and Times Publishing Berhad .
Hadas was established on 31 March 1991 following the liberation of Kuwait from the Iraqi invasion in the Gulf War .
The Consultative Committee for Space Data Systems ( CCSDS ) was founded in 1982 for governmental and quasi - governmental space agencies to discuss and develop standards for space data and information systems .
Freeh Group International Solutions was founded by Former FBI Director Louis J. Freeh in May 2007 .
Malignus Youth was a hardcore punk band from Sierra Vista , Arizona that was active from 1987 - -1994 and again from 1999 - 2001 .
Focus Designs was incorporated in 2007 by Daniel Wood .
Thermaltake ( 1999 ) - PC DIY , Cooler , Fans , PSU LUXA2 ( 2009 ) - Power , Audio , Holder Solutions Tt eSPORTS ( 2010 ) - a new brand for gaming mice , keyboards , and headsets .
The Incheon Women Artists ' Biennale , held in Incheon , South Korea , and inaugurated in 2004 , subsequently had editions in 2007 , 2009 , and 2011 that focused on the work of contemporary women artists .
Virgin Sun Airlines , branded as Virgin Sun , was a British scheduled and charter airline owned by the Virgin Group , formed in 1998 .
The Independent Press Standards Organisation ( IPSO ) was established on Monday 8 September 2014 following the windup of the Press Complaints Commission ( PCC ) , which had been the main industry regulator of the press in the United Kingdom since 1990 .
The Austrian Empire ( Austrian German : Kaiserthum Oesterreich , modern spelling Kaisertum Österreich ) was an empire in Central Europe created out of the realms of the Habsburgs by proclamation in 1804 .
Omnivore Recordings is an independent record label founded in 2010 , specializing in CD and vinyl reissues of previously out - of - print albums by notable artists .
The United States Basketball Writers Association ( USBWA ) was founded in 1956 by National Collegiate Athletic Association director Walter Byers to serve the interests of journalists who cover college basketball .
CKJM - FM 's history stems back to 1991 , when the station was on the air intermittently on a special events license issued by the CRTC and Industry Canada , which allowed it to be on the air for only up to 28 days per event .
Silver Creek Entertainment is a U.S .- based game developer of classic card games since 1994 .
Compiled of public bodies , including the General Council of Seine - Maritime , the towns of Dieppe and Fécamp as well as three Chambers of Commerce , Transmanche Ferries re - opened the route early in 2001 with the chartered Sardinia Vera .
The Center for Neural Science is a research institution founded in 1989 by members of the New York University Psychology Department , following a major funding drive .
Creative Partnerships was the UK government 's flagship creative learning programme , established in 2002 as part of the Council 's SR2000 settlement to develop young people 's creativity through artists ' engagement with schools in nominated areas across England .
Thunder Express has released two albums , We Play for Pleasure ( 2004 ) and Republic Disgrace ( 2007 ) , as well as on a 4-way split album with the song `` I Can Feel The Fire '' .
Founded in 2009 , Section23 Films is one of five successors to ADV Films , as well as the distributor for Sentai Filmworks and Switchblade Films .
Block B ( Hangul : 블락비 ) is a South Korean boy group created by Cho PD , active since 2011 .
Elite Model Look India is an annual fashion event held in India since 2004 .
Damodaram Sanjivayya National Law University ( DSNLU ) is a National Law University located at Visakhapatnam , Andhra Pradesh , India constituted by the DSNLU Act , 2008 .
In November 2011 , Sony Music Entertainment partnered with Dr. Luke to create Kemosabe Records .
The International Council of Sport Science and Physical Education ( French : Conseil International pour l'Education Physique et la Science du Sport ) is an organization based in Berlin , Germany which originated in Paris , France in 1958 .
Steve Gorn ( born in New York City ) is a master bamboo flautist and saxophone player .
András Csáki ( born 1981 in Budapest ) , is a musician and guitarist from Hungary , began to play the guitar at the age of 11 .
Johnny Lee Middleton ( born May 7 , 1963 in St. Petersburg , FL ) is an American musician and songwriter , best known as the bass guitar player for Savatage and Trans - Siberian Orchestra .
František Šolc ( June 25 , 1920 -- March 11 , 1996 ) was Czech French hornist and horn teacher .
Christina von Bülow ( born 1962 ) is a jazz musician from Denmark who plays the saxophone and flute .
Julius Watkins ( October 10 , 1921 -- April 4 , 1977 ) was an American jazz musician , and one of the first French horn players in jazz .
Kristin Sevaldsen ( born 10 January 1966 in Lillehammer , Norway ) is a Norwegian Jazz musician ( saxophone ) , composer , and music producer .
Kirk Reeves ( 1956 - -2012 ) , also known as `` Working '' Kirk Reeves , was an American street musician and entertainer best known for playing a trumpet on the west bank bridgehead of the Hawthorne Bridge in Portland , Oregon while wearing a Mickey Mouse hat and a white suit .
Harvey Mandel ( born March 11 , 1945 , in Detroit , Michigan , United States ) is an American guitarist known for his innovative approach to electric guitar playing .
Josef Janíček ( born 26 December 1947 in Prague , Czechoslovakia , now Czech Republic ) is a Czech rock keyboardist , singer , accordion and guitar player .
Steve Lacy ( July 23 , 1934 -- June 4 , 2004 ) , born Steven Norman Lackritz in New York City , was a jazz saxophonist and composer recognized as one of the important players of soprano saxophone .
Boban Marković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бобан Марковић ) is a Serbian Romani trumpet player and brass ensemble leader from Vladičin Han , frequently recognized as the greatest trumpet player to emerge from the Balkans .
Norm Fisher ( born 22 October 1963 ) is a Canadian bass guitar player .
Charles Edward Montague , ( 1 January 1867 -- 28 May 1928 ) , was an English journalist , known also as a writer of novels and essays .
Edmé Quenedey des Ricets ( sometimes Edmé Quenedey ) ( born Riceys - le - Haut , December 17 , 1756 - died Paris , February 16 , 1830 ) was a French painter and engraver , known most especially for his miniatures .
Hanna Yablonka ( Hebrew : חנה יבלונקה‎ , born Tel Aviv , c. 1950 ) is an Israeli historian and scholar of the Holocaust .
Lorenz von Stein ( 18 November 1815 -- 23 September 1890 ) was a German economist , sociologist , and public administration scholar from Eckernförde .
Severino Gazzelloni ( January 5 , 1919 -- November 21 , 1992 ) , was an Italian flute player .
Michel Azcueta ( born 1947 ) is a Spanish - Peruvian teacher and politician .
Leonard Welsted ( baptised 3 June 1688 -- August 1747 ) was an English poet and `` dunce '' in Alexander Pope 's writings ( both in The Dunciad and in Peri Bathos ) .
David Carcassonne ( 20 December 1789 -- 15 November 1861 in Nîmes ) was a French physician .
Jacques Aumont ( born 25 February 1942 ) is a French academic and writer on film theory .
Nachman Shai ( Hebrew : נחמן שי‎ ; born Nachman Shaykevich on 28 November 1946 ) is an Israeli journalist and politician who currently serves as a member of the Knesset and its Deputy Speaker .
José Ramón Flórez ( also known as J.R. Flórez ) , is a Spanish songwriter and record producer .
Renato Ranucci , in art Renato Rascel ( 27 April 1912 -- 2 January 1991 ) was an Italian film actor , singer , and songwriter .
Pietro Giordani ( January 1 , 1774 -- September 2 , 1848 ) was an Italian writer , classical literary scholar , and a close friend of , and influence on , Giacomo Leopardi .
Silvia Monti ( born as Silvia Cornacchia on 23 January 1946 in Venice ) , is an Italian actress .
Juan Navarro Baldeweg ( 11 June 1939 , Santander ) is a Spanish architect and professor at the Superior Technical School of Architecture of Madrid ( ETSAM ) .
Alfred St. George Hamersley ( 8 October 1848 -- 25 February 1929 ) was a nineteenth - century solicitor and entrepreneur of great renown , an English MP , and an English rugby union international who played in the first ever international match .
Pietro Ricchi ( 1606 -- 15 August 1675 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , born in Lucca .
Herbert Eimert ( 8 April 1897 -- 15 December 1972 ) was a German music theorist , musicologist , journalist , music critic , editor , radio producer , and composer .
José Maria Ferreira de Castro ( May 24 , 1898 in Oliveira de Azeméis -- June 29 , 1974 in Oporto ) was a Portuguese writer and journalist .
Jules - Élie Delaunay ( French : ( dəlonɛ ) ; June 13 , 1828 -- September 5 , 1891 ) was a French academic painter .
Doris Mary Stenton ( 1894 - -1971 ) was an English historian of the Middle Ages .
Georges Sagnac ( 14 October 1869 -- 26 February 1928 ) was a French physicist who lent his name to the Sagnac effect , a phenomenon which is at the basis of interferometers and ring laser gyroscopes developed since the 1970s .
Miguel Navarro Cañizares ( c. 1835 , Valencia - 23 October 1913 , Río de Janeiro ) was a Spanish painter and art teacher who worked in Venezuela and Brazil .
Edward Spelman or Yallop ( died 1767 ) was an English author and translator .
Bruno Barbey is a Moroccan - born French photographer ( born 1941 ) .
Amelia Valcarcel ( November 16 , 1950 ) is a Spanish philosopher and feminist .
It was Hiren Gohain who for the first time brought the ideas and methods of Anglo - American New Criticism to the study of Assamese / Indian literature in Assamese .
Pierre Galet ( born January 28 , 1921 ) is a French ampelographer and author who was an influential figure within ampelography in the 20th century and before DNA typing was widely introduced .
Shenbaga also known as Chembakam is an Indian actress in Tamil and Malayalam movies .
Ingeborg Drewitz ( born Ingeborg Neubert ; 10 January 1923 -- 26 November 1986 ) was a German writer .
Friedrich Wilhelm Weber ( 25 December 1813 -- 5 April 1894 ) was a German doctor , politician of the Prussian House of Deputies , and poet .
Winfried Nöth ( born September 12 , 1944 in Gerolzhofen ) is a German linguist and semiotician .
Ruben Saillens ( 24 June 1855 -- 5 January 1942 ) was a French musician , author , and pastor who became one of the most influential evangelical Protestants in the French - speaking world .
Ricarda Huch ( German : ( huχ ) ; July 18 , 1864 -- November 17 , 1947 ) was a pioneering German intellectual .
Henri Auguste Ménégaux ( 17 May 1857 -- 15 July 1937 ) was a French ornithologist and malacologist born in Audincourt .
Francesco Ferruccio ( or Ferrucci ) ( 1489 -- August 3 , 1530 ) was an Italian captain from Florence who fought in the Italian Wars .
Walter Sedlmayr ( 6 January 1926 -- 14 July 1990 ) was a German stage , television , and film actor from Bavaria .
Nicholas Miklouho - Maclay ( Russian : Николай Николаевич Миклухо-Маклай , Ukrainian : Микола Миколайович Миклухо-Маклай ; 1846 - -1888 ) was a Russian explorer , ethnologist , anthropologist and biologist who became famous as the first scientist to settle among and study people who had never seen a European .
Charles Lacheroy ( 22 August 1906 -- 25 January 2005 ) was a French Army officer , theorist of Counter - insurgency warfare , and member of the Organisation de l'armée secrète .
Michael Sachs ( 3 September 1808 -- 31 January 1864 ) was a German rabbi from Groß - Glogau , Silesia .
Juan Moscoso del Prado Hernández ( born 5 July 1966 in Pamplona ) is a Spanish economist and politician .
Luis de Milán ( also known as Lluís del Milà or Luys Milán ) ( c. 1500 -- c. 1561 ) was a Spanish Renaissance composer , vihuelist ( a forerunner to the baroque guitar ) , and writer on music .
Rudolf Christoph Eucken ( German : ( ˈɔʏkn̩ ) ; 5 January 1846 -- 15 September 1926 ) was a German philosopher .
Adolf Chybiński ( 1880 - -1952 ) was a Polish historian and musicologist .
Raghubir Yadav ( also credited as Raghuvir Yadav ; Hindi : रघुवीर यादव ) is an Indian film , stage and television actor , music composer , singer and set designer .
Spencer Charrington ( 24 May 1818 -- 11 December 1904 ) was an English brewer and Conservative politician .
Arthur Braverman is an American author and translator , primarily translating from Japanese to English .
Antonio de los Ríos Rosas ( 16 March 1812 , in Ronda , Spain - 3 November 1873 , in Madrid , Spain ) was a Spanish politician who was elected three times President of the Congress of Deputies .
Joan Amades i Gelats ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ʒuˈan əˈmaðəz i ʒəˈɫats ) ) ( Barcelona , 23 July 1890 - 17 January 1959 ) , was an eminent Catalan ethnologist and folklorist .
Franco Fontana is an Italian photographer born in Modena , on December , 9th , 1933 .
Józef Hen , originally Józef Henryk Cukier ( born November 8 , 1923 in Warsaw ) , is a Polish novelist , essayist , playwright , screenwriter , and reporter of Jewish origin .
Keith Tyson ( born Keith Thomas Bower , 23 August 1969 ) is an English artist .
Roberto García Orozco ( Spanish pronunciation : ( roˈβerto ɣarˈsi.a oˈɾosko ) ; born 24 October 1974 ) is a Mexican football referee .
Albert Tissandier ( 1839 -- 5 September 1906 ) was a French architect , aviator , illustrator , editor and archaeologist .
Henri de Mondeville ( c. 1260 -- 1316 ) , a medieval Frenchmen , has been claimed as the `` Father of French Surgery '' .
Pavao Pavličić ( born August 16 , 1946 in Vukovar ) is a Croatian writer , literary historian and translator whose main focus are crime novels .
Wolfgang Huber ( born 12 August 1942 in Strasbourg , Germany ) is a prominent German theologian and ethicist .
Habib Tengour ( born March 29 , 1947 ) is a French - Algerian poet , sociologist and anthropologist .
Mariano Armellini ( 1852 - -1896 ) was an Italian archaeologist and historian .
Özker Yaşın ( 1932 - -2011 ) was a Turkish Cypriot poet , author and journalist .
Ezza Agha Malak ( born 14 July 1942 ) is a Lebanese - born French novelist , poet , critic and essayist .
Shlomo Goren ( Hebrew : שלמה גורן ) ( February 3 , 1917 -- October 29 , 1994 ) , was an Orthodox Religious Zionist rabbi in Israel , a Talmudic scholar and foremost authority on Jewish law .
Danny Ávila ( born 1995 ) is a Spanish house and electro house DJ and producer .
Saba Azad is an Indian actress , singer and musician working in the Hindi film industry , known for her leading role in the Bollywood production house Y - Films romantic comedy film Mujhse Fraaandship Karoge , set against the background of social networking site Facebook .
Alexander Movsesyan ( Armenian : Ալեքսանդր Մինասի Մովսիսյան ; 18 April 1858 -- 7 August 1935 ) , better known by his pen name Alexander Shirvanzade ( Armenian : Ալեքսանդր Շիրվանզադե ) was an Armenian playwright and novelist .
Thomas Kemp Sanderson ( 1821 -- 24 December 1897 ) was an English corn merchant from Wakefield in the West Riding of Yorkshire , and a Conservative Party politician .
Eusebi Güell i Bacigalupi , 1st Count of Güell ( Catalan pronunciation : ( əwˈzɛβi ˈɣweʎ ) ; 15 December 1846 - 8 July 1918 ) was a Catalan entrepreneur who profited greatly from the industrial revolution in Catalonia in the late 19th century .
Alessandra Ferri ( born 6 May 1963 ) is an Italian prima ballerina .
Henry Bernard Levin CBE ( 19 August 1928 -- 7 August 2004 ) was an English journalist , author and broadcaster , described by The Times as `` the most famous journalist of his day '' .
Edoardo Amaldi ( 5 September 1908 -- 5 December 1989 ) was an Italian physicist .
Edward Pasewicz ( born 9 June 1971 ) is a Polish writer , poet and composer .
Teresa Toda ( Porto Alegre , Brazil , June 24th , 1950 ) is a Basque journalist .
Choe Je - u , who used the pen name Su - un , ( 18 December 1824 -- 15 April 1864 ) was the founder of Donghak , a Korean religious movement against foreign invasions and critical of Joseon Dynasty government policies of the time .
Teréz Karacs ( 18 April 1808 -- 2 October 1892 ) was a Hungarian writer , educator , memoirist , and women 's rights activist .
Amal Abul - Qassem Donqol ( Egyptian Arabic : أمل ابو القاسم دنقل , IPA : ( ˈʔæmæl æbolˈʔæːsem ˈdonʔol ) ; 1940 - -1983 ) was an Egyptian poet whose poems were influenced by Greek mythology , then pre - Islamic and Islamic imagery to modernize Arabic poetry .
Thomas Pitt ( 5 July 1653 -- 28 April 1726 ) , born at Blandford Forum , Dorset , to the Reverend John Pitt , a Church of England cleric , and rector of Blandford St Mary , and Sarah Jay , was an English merchant involved in trade with India .
Giacomino Pugliese was one of the most notable poets to come out of the Sicilian school for Italian poetry during the early years of the 13th century .
Ayyuqi ( Persian : عیوقی‎ ) was a 10th - century Persian poet .
Robert Bent ( c. 1745 -- 1832 ) , of 46 Portugal Street , Lincoln 's Inn Fields , Middlesex and West Molesey , Surrey , was an English politician .
Elias Tcherikower , Eliahu Tcherikower , Elias Tscherikower , I. M. Cherikover ( 1881 - 1943 ) , was a Russian - born Jewish historian of Judaism or the Jewish people .
Abul ʿAla Al - Maʿarri ( Arabic أبو العلاء المعري Abū al-ʿAlāʾ al - Maʿarrī , full name أبو العلاء أحمد بن عبد الله بن سليمان التنوخي المعري Abū al-ʿAlāʾ Aḥmad ibn ʿAbd Allāh ibn Sulaimān al - Tanūẖī al - Maʿarrī ; 973 - -1057 ) was a blind Arab philosopher , poet , and writer .
Remo Gaspari ( 10 July 1921 -- 19 July 2011 ) was an Italian politician , who was several times minister of the Italian Republic .
Mića Popović was elected a regular member of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts in 1986 .
Father Claude Sicard ( 1677 - -1726 ) was a French Jesuit priest , and an early modern visitor to Egypt , between 1708 and 1712 , producing the earliest known map of the country .
Tomás Caballero Pastor ( Alfaro , La Rioja , February 25 , 1935 -- Pamplona , May 6 , 1998 ) was a Spanish union leader and politician from Navarra .
Philippus of Thessalonica ( Greek:Φίλιππος ὁ Θεσσαλονικεύς)(1st century ) or Philippus Epigrammaticus was the compiler of an Anthology of Epigrammatists subsequent to Meleager of Gadara and is himself the author of 72 epigrams in the Greek Anthology .
Benedict Stattler ( 30 January 1728 -- 21 August 1797 ) was a German Jesuit theologian , an opponent of Immanuel Kant .
Hugo Ruf ( 1925 - -1999 ) was an influential German harpsichordist , music pedagogue and a pioneer of early music revival in Germany .
Epiphanius Scholasticus was a sixth - century translator of Greek works into Latin .
Krishna Winston is an American academic and translator of German literature .
Since 1949 , Fanny de Sivers has lived in France , where she has worked as an interpreter and secretary at state institutions , from 1964 to 1986 she worked as linguist at the French National Centre for Scientific Research .
John Tengo Jabavu ( 11 January 1859 -- 10 September 1921 ) was a political activist and the editor of South Africa 's first newspaper to be written in Xhosa .
Juan Pablo de Miguel Bravo ( born 28 September 1978 ) , commonly known as Juanpa , is a Spanish retired footballer who plays as a right back .
Radamel Falcao García Zárate ( Spanish pronunciation : ( raðaˈmel falˈkao ) ; 10 February 1986 ) , also known as Radamel Falcao , or simply Falcao , is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a striker for English club Chelsea , on loan from French club Monaco , and captain of the Colombia national team .
Tao Yuanming ( 365 - -427 ) , also known as Tao Qian or T'ao Ch'ien , was a Chinese poet who lived in the middle of the Six Dynasties period ( c. 220 - 589 CE ) .
Christo Pimpirev ( Bulgarian : Христо Пимпирев ) is a Bulgarian scientist ( geologist ) and Polar explorer .
Raimond Valgre ( born Raimond Tiisel ; 7 October 1913 -- 31 December 1949 ) was an Estonian composer and musician , whose songs have become some of the most well known in Estonia .
Armando Cossutta ( 2 September 1926 -- 14 December 2015 ) was an Italian communist politician .
V. Anamika is a Contemporary Artist born in Neelankarai , Chennai , Tamil Nadu , a student of Shri .
Pedro de Villegas Marmolejo ( 1519 - -1596 ) was a Spanish sculptor and painter of the Renaissance period .
Carlo Lizzani ( 3 April 1922 -- 5 October 2013 ) was an Italian film director , screenwriter and critic .
Magdalena Jetelová ( born 1946 ) is a Czech / German Installation artist and Land artist .
Daniel Monzón ( born 1968 ) is a Spanish film writer and director .
Abu Bakr Ahmad ibn Husayn Ibn ' Ali Ibn Moussa al - Khosrojerdi al - Bayhaqi ( Arabic ) , البيهقي also known as Imam Al - Bayhaqi was born 994 CE/384AH in the small town of Khusraugird near Sabzevar , then known as Bayhaq , in Khurasan .
Emmanuel Todd ( born 16 May 1951 ) is a French historian , anthropologist , demographer , sociologist and political scientist at the National Institute of Demographic Studies ( INED ) in Paris .
Tenali Rama , a 1990 Hindi TV series aired in Doordarshan made by T.S. Nagabharana in which Vijay Kashyap played the lead role .
Jules Lequier ( or Lequyer ; 30 January 1814 -- 11 February 1862 ) was a French philosopher from Brittany .
Fabio Albergati ( 1538 - -1606 ) was an Italian diplomat and writer , known for political theory and as a moralist .
Félix Anaut ( born Zaragoza , 1944 ) is a Spanish painter whose work is based in Abstract Expressionism and figurative monumentalism .
Léon Bouveret ( 27 September 1850 -- 1929 ) was a French internist born in Saint - Julien - sur - Reyssouze , a community in the department of Ain .
Sayed Darwish ( Arabic : سيد درويش‎ , IPA : ( ˈsæjjed dæɾˈwiːʃ ) ; 17 March 1892 -- 15 September 1923 ) was an Egyptian singer and composer who was considered the father of Egyptian popular music and one of Egypt 's greatest musicians and its single greatest composer .
William Haughton ( died 1605 ) was an English playwright in the age of English Renaissance theatre .
Juan Antonio San Epifanio Ruiz ( `` Epi '' ) ( born 12 June 1959 ) is a retired Spanish professional basketball player , who is considered to be one of the greatest small forwards ever to play in Europe .
Massimo Bray ( born 11 April 1959 ) is an Italian intellectual and politician , who served as the minister of culture from 28 April 2013 to 22 February 2014 .
Fathallah Oualalou ( Arabic : فتح الله والعلو‎ ) ( born 1942 in Rabat ) is a Moroccan politician .
Jerónimo de la Gándara ( 1825 - -1877 ) was a Spanish architect who designed a number of public buildings during the reign of Isabella II of Spain .
Mykola Khvylovy ( Ukrainian : Микола Хвильовий , Ukrainian pronunciation : ( mɪ'kɔɫɐ xvɪlʲo'vɪj ) ) ( December 13 ( O.S. December 1 ) 1893 -- May 13 , 1933 ) was a Ukrainian writer and poet of the early Communist era Ukrainian Renaissance ( 1920 - -1930 ) .
Mario De Caro ( born 1963 ) is an Italian philosopher who teaches Moral Philosophy at the University of Rome III in Rome , Italy .
Thomas Tusser ( 1524 -- 3 May 1580 ) was an English poet and farmer , best known for his instructional poem Five Hundred Points of Good Husbandry , an expanded version of his original title , A Hundreth Good Pointes of Husbandrie , first published in 1557 .
Radoslav Katičić ( pronounced ( rǎdɔslaʋ kâtitʃitɕ ) ) ( born in Zagreb , July 3 , 1930 ) is a Croatian linguist , classical philologist , Indo - Europeanist , Slavist and Indologist , one of the most prominent Croatian scholars in the field of humanities .
Marcel Niedergang ( 1922 - 2001 ) was a French journalist and non - fiction author .
Jacqueline Joubert ( 29 March 1921 -- 8 January 2005 ) , born Jacqueline Annette Édith Pierre , was a French television continuity announcer , producer and director .
Abdelhamid Ben Badis ( Arabic : عبد الحميد بن باديس‎ , Ben Badis ; December 4 , 1889 -- April 16 , 1940 ) was an emblematic figure of the Islamic Reform movement in Algeria .
Father Ghevont Alishan ( Armenian : Ղևոնդ Ալիշան ) ( 1820 - 1901 ; also spelled Ghevond Alishan ) was an ordained Armenian Catholic priest , historian and a poet .
Charles Prévost was a French chemist .
Richard Rogler ( born 19 September 1949 in Selb ) is an award - winning German Kabarett artist and professor of Kabarett at the University of the Arts in Berlin .
Zi Zhongyun ( simplified Chinese : 资中筠 ; traditional Chinese : 資中筠 ; pinyin : Zī Zhōngyún ; born June 1930 ) is a Chinese translator and historian who is an expert on US studies with the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences .
Jean Nicolas Arthur Rimbaud ( /ræmˈboʊ/ or /ˈræmboʊ/ ; French pronunciation : ( aʁtyʁ ʁɛ̃bo ) ; 20 October 1854 -- 10 November 1891 ) was a French poet born in Charleville , Ardennes .
António de Abreu ( c. 1480 -- c. 1514 ) was a 16th - century Portuguese navigator and naval officer .
Thaman Kumar is an Indian film actor who has appeared in Tamil language films .
Sir John Comyns SL ( c. 1667 -- 1 November 1740 ) , of Writtle in Essex , was an English judge and Member of Parliament .
Christopher Ravenscroft ( born 1946 ) is an English actor , best known for his recurring role as DI Mike Burden in The Ruth Rendell Mysteries , the ITV adaptation of Ruth Rendell 's Inspector Wexford mysteries .
John de Monins Johnson ( 1882 - -1956 ) was an English papyrologist , printer of the Oxford English Dictionary , and collector .
Hermann Cohen ( 4 July 1842 -- 4 April 1918 ) was a German Jewish philosopher , one of the founders of the Marburg School of Neo - Kantianism , and he is often held to be `` probably the most important Jewish philosopher of the nineteenth century '' .
Jean - Yves Mollier ( born 5 November 1947 ) is a French contemporary history teacher .
Francesco Provenzale ( 15 September 1624 -- 6 September 1704 ) was an Italian Baroque composer and teacher .
Esteban Maroto ( born 1942 ) is a Spanish comic book artist .
Eddy Marnay , the professional name of Edmond Bacri , ( Algiers , 18 December 1920 -- 3 January 2003 ) , was a French songwriter .
Baron Carl Gustaf Emil Mannerheim ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ˈkɑːɭ ˈɡɵˈstav ˈeːmɪl ˈmanːɛrˈheɪm ) ; in Russian : Густав Карлович Ма́ннергейм , tr . Gustav Karlovich ( lit.``Karl 's son '' ) Mannerheim ; 4 June 1867 -- 27 January 1951 ) was a Finnish military leader and statesman .
Tirso de Molina ( 24 March 1579 -- 12 March 1648 ) was a Spanish Baroque dramatist , a poet and a Roman Catholic monk .
Jaume Santamaria i Puig ( 26 July 1957 -- 16 February 2011 ) , known as Santi Santamaria ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈsanti ˌsantəməˈɾi.ə ) ) , was a prominent avant - garde Spanish Catalan chef .
Bibi Gaytán ( Spanish pronunciation : ( biˈβi ɣaiˈtan ) , born Silvia Gaytán Barragán on January 27 , 1972 in Tapachula , Chiapas , Mexico ) is Mexican singer and actress .
Sir Alfred Arnold MP ( 18 November 1835 -- 31 October 1908 ) was a Cambridge educated barrister and an English politician .
Aemilius Asper , Latin grammarian , possibly lived in the 1st century AD or late 2nd century AD .
Joachim Heinrich Campe ( June 29 , 1746 -- October 22 , 1818 ) was a German writer , linguist , educator and publisher .
António dos Reis Rodrigues ( June 24 , 1918 -- February 3 , 2009 ) was a Portuguese Bishop of the Roman Catholic Church .
Louis Le Chatelier ( 20 February 1815 -- 10 November 1873 ) was a French chemist and industrialist who developed a method for producing aluminium from bauxite in 1855 .
Niklas Rådström ( born 12 April 1953 ) is a Swedish poet , novelist and playwright .
Friedemann Witecka , ( August 31 , 1951 Freiburg i m Breisgau ) is a German guitarist , multi - instrumentalist , songwriter and music producer
Sir John Dashwood - King , 3rd Baronet ( 4 August 1716 -- 6 December 1793 ) was an English country gentleman .
Ángel Agustín María Carlos Fausto Mariano Alfonso del Sagrado Corazón de Jesús Lara y Aguirre del Pino ( Spanish pronunciation : ( aɣusˈtin ˈlaɾa ) ; October 30 , 1897 - - November 6 , 1970 ) , known as Agustín Lara was a Mexican composer and interpreter of songs and boleros .
Johann Faber works ( German and Latin ) are homiletical and polemical in character .
Jean Rousset de Missy ( Laon , 26 August 1686 - -Uithoorn ? , 13 August , 1762 ) was a French Huguenot writer , from early in life in the Netherlands .
Jaume Aiguader i Miró ( or Jaime Aguadé Miró , 24 July 1882 -- 30 May 1943 ) was a Spanish doctor , writer , social activist , politician and Catalan nationalist .
Jean - Yves Empereur ( French : ( ɑ̃pʁœʁ ) ; born 1952 ) is a French archeologist .
Pınar Selek ( born October 8 , 1971 ) is a Turkish sociologist , feminist , and author .
Lalu Alex is a famous Malayalam film actor .
Jacopo Carucci ( May 24 , 1494 -- January 2 , 1557 ) , usually known as Jacopo da Pontormo , Jacopo Pontormo or simply Pontormo , was an Italian Mannerist painter and portraitist from the Florentine School .
Sir Frank Watson Dyson , KBE , FRS ( 8 January 1868 -- 25 May 1939 ) was an English astronomer and Astronomer Royal who is remembered today largely for introducing time signals ( `` pips '' ) from Greenwich , England , and for the role he played in proving Einstein 's theory of general relativity .
László Krasznahorkai ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈlaːsloː ˈkrɒsnɒhorkɒi ) ; born 5 January 1954 ) is a Hungarian novelist and screenwriter who is known for critically difficult and demanding novels , often labeled as postmodern , with dystopian and melancholic themes .
Kali Banerjee ( 20 November 1921 -- 5 July 1993 ) was an Indian film actor , who worked in the 1950s-70s in Bengali cinema .
Joseph Valentin Boussinesq ( pronounced : ( ʒɔzɛf valɑ̃tɛ̃ businɛsk ) ) ( 13 March 1842 -- 19 February 1929 ) was a French mathematician and physicist who made significant contributions to the theory of hydrodynamics , vibration , light , and heat .
Abraham von Franckenberg ( 24 June 1593 -- 25 June 1652 ) was a German mystic , author , poet and hymn - writer .
Urtzi Urrutikoetxea ( born 12 October 1977 in Bilbao , Biscay , Basque Country ) is a Basque writer and journalist .
Torben Tryde ( 12 November 1916 -- 24 March 1998 ) was a Danish lieutenant colonel , writer , olympian , resistance fighter and the last person to be appointed kammerjunker by the Danish Court .
Zbigniew Bieńkowski ( 31 August 1913 , in Warsaw -- 23 February 1994 ) was a Polish poet , literary critic , translator and essayist .
Don Angelo Grillo O.S.B. ( 1557 - -1629 ) was an Italian early baroque poet who published under the pen name Livio Celiano .
Nikoghos Tahmizian ( 1926 - -2011 , Armenian : Նիկողոս Թահմիզյան ; also spelled : Nikogos Tahmizyan ) was an Armenian musicologist , theorist and historian .
Bartolomeu Anania ( March 18 , 1921 -- January 31 , 2011 ) , born Valeriu Anania , was a Romanian Orthodox bishop , translator , writer and poet ; he was the Metropolitan of Cluj , Alba , Crişana and Maramureş .
Davide Ferrario ( born 26 June 1956 ) is an Italian film director , screenwriter and author .
Ernest Lluch Martín , ( 21 January 1937 - 21 November 2000 ) was a Spanish economist and politician from Catalonia .
Marie - Anne Charlotte de Corday d'Armont ( 27 July 1768 -- 17 July 1793 ) , known to history as Charlotte Corday ( French : ( kɔʁdɛ ) ) , was a figure of the French Revolution .
Georg Lorenz Bauer ( 14 August 1755 -- 13 January 1806 ) was a German Lutheran Theologian , and writer on his subject .
Chen Kaige ( born August 12 , 1952 ) is a Chinese film director and a leading figure of the fifth generation of Chinese cinema .
Paul Abadie ( 9 November 1812 -- 3 August 1884 ) was a French architect and building restorer .
Guillaume Budé ( Latin : Guilielmus Budaeus ) ( 26 January 1467 -- 23 August 1540 ) was a French scholar .
Thomas Watson , 3rd Earl of Rockingham ( 30 December 1715 -- 26 February 1746 ) was an English nobleman and politician .
Guglielmo Marconi , 1st Marquis of Marconi ( Italian : ( ɡuʎˈʎɛlmo marˈkoːni ) ; 25 April 1874 -- 20 July 1937 ) was an Italian inventor and electrical engineer , known for his pioneering work on long - distance radio transmission and for his development of Marconi 's law and a radio telegraph system .
Coşkun Aral ( born May 1 , 1956 ) is a Turkish war correspondent , photo journalist , television journalist and documentary film producer .
Manuel Curros Enríquez ( September 15 , 1851 - February 7 , 1908 ) was a Galician writer and journalist in the Galician language , and is considered to be one of the leading figures of Galician culture and identity .
Max Goldt ( pseudonym of Matthias Ernst ) ( born 23 November 1958 ) is a German satirical author and musician .
Guy Billout ( born in Decize in 1941 ) is a French artist and illustrator .
Léon Lecornu ( 13 January 1854 , Caen -- 13 November 1940 , Saint - Aubin - sur - Mer , Calvados ) was a French engineer and physicist .
María Nsué Angüe ( born 1945 in Ebebeyín ( Río Muni ) , Spanish Guinea ) is a noted contemporary Equatorial Guinean writer and former Minister of Education and Culture
Otto Bollinger ( 2 April 1843 -- 13 August 1909 ) was a German pathologist born in Altenkirchen , Kusel , Rhineland - Palatinate .
John Mordaunt , Viscount Mordaunt ( c. 1681 -- 5 April 1710 ) was an English soldier and politician .
Wilhelm Paul Corssen ( 20 January 1820 -- 18 June 1875 ) was a German philologist noted for his work on Latin and Etruscan topics .
Albert André ( 24 May 1869 -- 11 July 1954 ) was a French Post - Impressionist figurative painter .
Gotzone Mora ( b. Bilbao in 1948 ) was a Spanish social - democratic politician , former member of the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party ( PSOE ) .
William Radcliffe Birt ( 1804 - -1881 ) was an English amateur astronomer in the 19th century .
Jacobo Sanz Ovejero ( born 10 July 1983 ) , known simply as Jacobo , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper .
Silvia Ballestra ( Porto San Giorgio , 1969 ) is an Italian writer .
Nathan Zach ( Hebrew : נתן זך ) ( born 1930 ) is an Israeli poet .
Eshkol Nevo ( Hebrew : אשכול נבו‎ , born 1971 in Jerusalem ) , is an Israeli writer who has published a collection of short stories , three novels and a work of non - fiction .
Carl Brinkmann ( 19 March 1885 -- 20 May 1954 ) was a German sociologist and economist , focusing on socioeconomics and the history of political economy .
George Herbert ( 3 April 1593 -- 1 March 1633 ) was a Welsh - born English poet , orator and Anglican priest .
Father Henryk Jankowski ( 18 December 1936 , Starogard Gdański -- 12 July 2010 , Gdańsk ) was a Polish Roman Catholic priest .
Renuka Menon is an Indian Malayali film actress , who has appeared in various South Indian films in Malayalam , Tamil , Telugu and Kannada languages .
Giuseppe Ciarrapico ( born 28 January 1934 ) is an Italian entrepreneur , publisher and former politician .
Jakub Wujek ( 1541 -- 27 April 1597 ) son of Maciej Wujek ; a Polish Jesuit , religious writer , Doctor of Theology , Vice - Chancellor of the Vilnius Academy and translator of the Bible into Polish .
Joaquín Milans del Bosch y Carrió ( in Catalan , Joaquim Milans del Bosch i Carrió ) ( Barcelona , 1854 - Madrid , 1936 ) was a Spanish military officer of Catalan origin .
Diana Burrell ( born 25 October 1948 ) is an English composer .
Licensed to Perry , Florida , USA , the station is currently owned by Dockins Communications , Inc. WPRY also is heard on an FM translator at 95.3 .
CFML - FM is the campus radio station of the British Columbia Institute of Technology in Burnaby , British Columbia , Canada .
WCKG ( 1530 AM ) is a radio station licensed to Elmhurst , Illinois , USA .
WKHJ is a radio station with a Hot Adult Contemporary format licensed to Mountain Lake Park , Maryland , near Oakland .
KNRS - FM is licensed to Centerville , Utah , broadcasting to Salt Lake City and its suburbs .
KCMS is an FM radio station licensed to Edmonds , Washington , serving the Seattle market .
WZIS - FM ( The Monkey ) was formerly WMHD - FM , the student radio station at Rose - Hulman Institute of Technology in Terre Haute , Indiana .
Rother FM is an Independent Local Radio station for Rotherham , South Yorkshire , England .
WKZN is an AM broadcasting radio station licensed to the city of West Hazleton , Pennsylvania with service area extending out to the Wilkes - Barre / Scranton radio market .
KOCP ( 95.9 FM , Old School 95.9 ) is a commercial radio station located in Camarillo , California , broadcasting to the Oxnard - Ventura , California , area .
WKSE ( 98.5 FM ) is a Contemporary Hit Radio / Top 40 Mainstream station serving the Buffalo and Niagara Falls region of Western New York .
CJTT - FM 104.5 is an FM radio station in Temiskaming Shores , Ontario , with a hot adult contemporary format .
CFBK - FM is a Canadian radio station that airs at 105.5 FM in Huntsville , Ontario with an active rock format branded as Moose FM 105.5 .
WPLO ( `` La Bonita 610 AM '' ) is an Atlanta area AM broadcasting station , licensed to Grayson , Georgia , that broadcasts Spanish language music programming .
WBVP and WMBA are news / talk radio stations based in Beaver Falls , Pennsylvania , United States .
WHCN ( `` The River 105.9 '' ) is an adult hits music formatted radio station based in Hartford , Connecticut .
KNUV ( 1190 AM ) is a Spanish - language station broadcasting from studios located in midtown Phoenix ; the station is licensed to Tolleson , Arizona , where it maintains its transmitter facilities .
WOLX - FM ( 94.9 FM ) is an American radio station licensed to Baraboo , Wisconsin , that serves the Madison , Wisconsin , area .
CKLN - FM was a community radio station based in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
The Bakenesserkerk is a former church and seat of the local archeological workgroup in Haarlem , Netherlands , on the Vrouwestraat 10 .
Jamniki ( jamˈniki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urszulin , within Włodawa County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Makosieje ( makɔˈɕejɛ ) ( German : Makoscheyen , 1938 - -1945 Ehrenwalde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalinowo , within Ełk County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Concordia Lutheran Theological Seminary , founded in 1976 , is a seminary of Lutheran Church - Canada ( LCC ) affiliated with Brock University and located on that institution 's campus on the Niagara Escarpment at the centre of Canada 's Niagara Peninsula in St. Catharines , Ontario .
The Huayllay National Sanctuary is a park in Peru located in the Meseta of Bombón in the Huayllay District of Pasco Region .
The Flourmill Volcanoes , also known as The Flourmills , are a small volcano range near the west boundary of Wells Gray Provincial Park in east - central British Columbia , Canada .
Nowy Wiec ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈvjɛt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarszewy , within Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Wansbeck was a local government district in south - east Northumberland , England .
Åndalsnes Station ( Norwegian : Åndalsnes stasjon ) is a railway station in the town of Åndalsnes , the administrative centre of Rauma Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Loutehel ( Breton : Loutehel ) is a commune in the Ille - et - Vilaine department of Brittany in northwestern France .
Gharjanga ( Persian : غرجنگا‎ , also Romanized as Gharjangā ) is a village in Montazeriyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Fritz Cove is a bay on the northwestern coast of Douglas Island in the City and Borough of Juneau , Alaska , United States .
Modzele - Wypychy ( mɔˈd͡zɛlɛ vɨˈpɨxɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomża , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Bigwin Island is the largest island on Lake of Bays , in the Muskoka District of Ontario , Canada .
Warsop is a civil parish in the District of Mansfield in Nottinghamshire , England , located on the outskirts of Sherwood Forest .
Great Bend Municipal Airport ( IATA : GBD , ICAO : KGBD , FAA LID : GBD ) is five miles west of Great Bend , in Barton County , Kansas .
The Rocheport Interstate 70 Bridge is a four - lane continuous truss bridge over the Missouri River on Interstate 70 between Cooper County , Missouri and Boone County , Missouri at Rocheport , Missouri .
The Dreikönigsgymnasium ( `` Tricoronatum '' , meaning `` Three Kings School '' ) is a regular public Gymnasium located in Cologne , Germany .
Harrison West is a historic , urban neighborhood located northwest of downtown Columbus , Ohio .
Fort Anne is a four - star fort built to protect the harbour of Annapolis Royal , Nova Scotia .
Kor - e Sofla ( Persian : كرسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Kor - e Soflá ; also known as Kowr - e Pā'īn and Kūr ) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District , in the Central District of Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Desert Sky Wind Farm is a 160.5 megawatt wind power station located near the far West Texas town of Iraan , in Pecos County .
111 West 57th Street is a supertall residential project by developer JDS Development Group and Property Markets Group in midtown Manhattan in New York City .
Trophy Point is a scenic overlook of the Hudson River Valley located at West Point , New York .
Roy Williams Airport ( FAA LID : L80 ) is a privately owned public - use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) northeast of the central business district of Joshua Tree , in San Bernardino County , California , United States .
Claygate is a suburban village in the English county of Surrey , and within the Greater London Urban Area , between 13.1 and 14.2 miles south - west of Charing Cross , central London .
New Tredegar ( Welsh : Tredegar Newydd ) is a former mining community in the Rhymney Valley , Caerphilly county borough , Wales , within the historic boundaries of Monmouthshire .
Petit Lac Nominingue is a small lake in Southwest Quebec , located in the Laurentian Mountains about 55 km , by road , northwest of Mont Tremblant .
Sackets Harbor Battlefield State Historic Site is a historically important location in Jefferson County , New York , USA .
Khan Tuman ( Arabic : خان طومان‎ ) is a village in northern Syria , administratively part of the Mount Simeon District of Aleppo Governorate , located southwest of Aleppo .
Kolob Arch is a natural arch in Zion National Park , Utah .
Kanimangalam is a suburb of Thrissur in the Thrissur district of the state of Kerala in south India .
The Hurn Museum is a museum in Savannah , Georgia , United States , devoted to American folk art , as well as the work of international self - taught artists .
Ali Makan ( Persian : آلي مكان‎‎ , also Romanized as Ālī Makān ) is a village in Bowalhasan Rural District , Namshir District , Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The McGill Street Terminal is a former interurban railway station located in Montreal , Quebec .
Hebei District ( simplified Chinese : 河北区 ; traditional Chinese : 河北區 ; pinyin : Héběi Qū ) is a district of the municipality of Tianjin , People 's Republic of China .
Sogdiana Stadium ( Uzbek : `` So'g'diyona '' sport majmuasi ) is a Sogdiana Sporting Complex , stadium in Jizzakh , Uzbekistan .
Hefei ( /ˈhəˈfeɪ/ ) , formerly known as Hofei , Luzhou , or Luchow , is the capital and largest city of Anhui Province in Eastern China .
Genesee Community College ( GCC ) is a public community college with its MAIN CAMPUS in Town of Batavia , New York , USA ( near the City of Batavia ) .
Yar Mohammad - e Kharut ( Persian : يارمحمدخروط‎ , also Romanized as Yār Moḩammad - e Kharūţ ; also known as Yār Moḩammad - e Kūhī ) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The West End Hose Company Number 3 , is located in Somerville , Somerset County , New Jersey , United States .
The Palazzo dei Priori is a historical building in Perugia , Umbria , central Italy .
Qonqor ( Persian : قنقر‎ ) is a village in Qaleh Hamam Rural District , Salehabad District , Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Hamlin Garland House is a site associated with the life of author Hamlin Garland in West Salem , Wisconsin , United States .
Khoshk Dahaneh ( Persian : خشك دهنه‎ ; also known as Khoshgeh Dahaneh , Khoshkeh Dahaneh , and Khūshkdāneh ) is a village in Virmuni Rural District , in the Central District of Astara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Don Jail is a former jail in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , located to the east of the Don River , on Gerrard Street East in the Riverdale neighbourhood .
The Old Grafton County Courthouse is a historic courthouse building at 1 Court Street in Plymouth , New Hampshire .
Oostum is a wierde on the territory of Garnwerd in the municipality of Winsum in the Dutch province of Groningen .
Fanning Springs State Park is a Florida State Park , located on US 19/98 in the town of Fanning Springs .
Amguri ( IPA : æmˈgʊərɪ ) is a town and municipal area committee in the Sivasagar district in the state of Assam , India .
Gudar ( Persian : گودر‎ , also Romanized as Gūdar , Gowdar , and Gūder ) is a village in Rayen Rural District , Rayen District , Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Hope Cove is a small seaside village within the civil parish of South Huish in South Hams District , Devon , England .
Skořenice ( German : Skorenitz ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in the Ústí nad Orlicí District , Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic .
Chahar Kharvar ( Persian : چهارخروار‎ , also Romanized as Chahār Kharvār ; also known as Qeshlāq ) is a village in Baba Aman Rural District , in the Central District of Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Mamquam Mountain is a mountain in the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in southwestern British Columbia , Canada , located 6 km ( 3.7 mi ) southeast of Eanastick Meadows and 22 km ( 14 mi ) east of Brackendale .
Bierzwnica ( bjɛʐvˈnit͡sa ) ( formerly German Reinfeld ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdwin , within Świdwin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Coombabah State School is a P-6 state primary school located in Coombabah , Queensland , Australia .
Chapoutier , or Maison M. Chapoutier , is a winery and négociant business situated in Tain - l'Hermitage in the Rhône region in France .
Separowo ( sɛpaˈrɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Granowo , within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Pottersville District encompasses the earliest non - Native settlement in Harrisville , New Hampshire , as well as sites of some of the town 's earliest industrial activities .
The Duncan Gallery of Art is located at 421 North Woodland Boulevard , DeLand , Florida , in Sampson Hall on the Stetson University campus .
Stabuniki ( stabuˈniki ) ( German Stobnitt ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Nawcz ( naft͡ʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyce , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Great Saltpetre Cave is a notable limestone cave located in Rockcastle County in southeastern Kentucky .
Bahkin - e Pain ( Persian : بهكين پائين‎ , also Romanized as Bahkīn - e Pā’īn ; also known as Behkīn - e Soflá ) is a village in Gughar Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Dziarnówko ( d͡ʑarˈnufkɔ ) ( German : Klein Sehren ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława , within Iława County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Drumshanbo ( Irish : Droim Sean Bhoth : Ridge of the Old Huts ) is a small town situated in the heart of County Leitrim , Ireland .
Bavalak ( Persian : باولگ‎ , also Romanized as Bāvalak ; also known as Bāāvalag ) is a village in Gachi Rural District , Gachi District , Malekshahi County , Ilam Province , Iran .
North Battleford / Hamlin Airport , ( TC LID : CJD4 ) , was located 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ; 1.2 mi ) northeast of Hamlin , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Tabeguache Peak is one of the fourteeners of the US state of Colorado .
Dyer Airport ( FAA LID : 2Q9 ) is a public use airport located six nautical miles ( 11 km ) southeast of Dyer , in Esmeralda County , Nevada , United States .
Garbina ( ɡarˈbina ) ( German : Willenberg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Braniewo , within Braniewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Haneh Gelan ( Persian : هانه گلان‎ , also Romanized as Hāneh Gelān ) is a village in Sarab Qamish Rural District , in the Central District of Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The R. Buckminster Fuller and Anne Hewlett Dome Home , located at 407 S. Forest Ave . in Carbondale , Illinois , is a geodesic dome house which was the residence of Buckminster Fuller from 1960 to 1971 .
Blue Glacier is a large glacier located to the north of Mount Olympus in the Olympic Mountains of Washington .
Staniewo ( staˈɲevɔ ) ( German : Ottoswalde ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Reszel , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Goonoo Important Bird Area is a 1034 km2 tract of wooded land in New South Wales , Australia .
Edmonton City Centre is a shopping mall in downtown Edmonton , Alberta , Canada , across the street ( west ) from Churchill Square .
Jugdia is a village under the Magrahat Police station of South 24 Parganas of West Bengal .
Golugachi ( Persian : گلوگچي‎ , also Romanized as Golūgachī ) is a village in Juyom Rural District , Juyom District , Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Eddy Arboretum is located at the Institute of Forest Genetics in the Sierra Nevada near Placerville , in El Dorado County , eastern California .
Kaleshkabad ( Persian : كلشك اباد‎ , also Romanized as Kaleshkābād ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , Jazmurian District , Rudbar - e Jonubi County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Abrizi Parikdan ( Persian : ابريزي پريكدان‎ , also Romanized as Ābrīzī Parīkdān ; also known as Ābrīzī ) is a village in Sarrud - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
WVTF is a National Public Radio affiliate serving most of southwestern Virginia .
Titkanlu Rural District ( Persian : دهستان تيتكانلو‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Khabushan District , Faruj County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Latrobe Gate ( also known as Main Gate , Washington Navy Yard ) is a historic gatehouse located at the Washington Navy Yard in Southeast Washington , D.C. Built in 1806 and substantially altered in 1881 , the ceremonial entrance to the U.S. Navy 's oldest shore establishment is an example of Greek Revival and Italianate architecture .
Kareh Pa ( Persian : كره پا‎ , also Romanized as Kareh Pā , Koreh Pā , Korreh Pā , and Kurreh Pa ; also known as Khowreh ) is a village in Hendijan - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Hendijan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Bunny Man is an urban legend that probably originated from two incidents in Fairfax County , Virginia , in 1970 , but has been spread throughout the Washington , D.C. area .
Grappenhall and Thelwall is a civil parish within the Borough of Warrington and the ceremonial county of Cheshire in England .
Tasfiyeh Shekar ( Persian : تصفيه شكر‎ , also Romanized as Tasfīyeh Shekar and Tasfīyeh - Ye - Shekar ) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Kesri ( Persian : كسري‎ , also Romanized as Kesrī ) is a village in Bazoft Rural District , Bazoft District , Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Mount Washington State Forest is a scenic state forest in the southern Taconic Mountains of the southwestern Berkshire region of Massachusetts .
The Cemetery of Anchors ( Portuguese : Cemitério das Âncoras ) is a subaquatic archaeological site , situated within the Bay of Angra , in the civil parish of Sé , municipality of Angra do Heroísmo , on the Portuguese island of Terceira , in the Azores .
Saint - Michel Basilica - Cathedral ( French : Basilique - cathédrale Saint - Michel ) is a Roman Catholic minor basilica and cathedral dedicated to the St. Michael located in Sherbrooke , Quebec , Canada .
Baliakheri ( Hindi : बलिआखेरी ) is a village in Saharanpur district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
The Saugatuck River Railroad Bridge , also known as Saugatuck River Bridge , is a railroad bridge carrying trackage of Metro - North railroad 's New Haven Line over the Saugatuck River in Westport , Connecticut .
Porto de Pedras is a municipality located in the northern coast of the Brazilian state of Alagoas .
Darchaq ( Persian : درچاق‎ , also Romanized as Darchāq ) is a village in Bajestan Rural District , in the Central District of Bajestan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Charleston Springs Golf Course is a 36-hole public golf course located in the Charleston Springs section of Millstone Township , New Jersey , United States .
The Parkshore is a 556 ft ( 169 m ) tall skyscraper in Chicago , Illinois .
Jastrząbki ( jasˈtʂɔmpki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny , within Nidzica County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Deh - e Vosta ( Persian : دهوسطي‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Vosţá and Deh Vosţá ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
KRXT is a Rockdale , Texas based radio station .
Erindale Secondary School is a public high school located in the Erin Mills community of Mississauga , Ontario , Canada .
The San Juan Expedition ( also known as the San Juan Mission or the Hole - in - the - Rock Expedition ) was a group of Mormon settlers intent on establishing a colony in what is now southeastern Utah , in the western United States .
Tamuteh ( Persian : تموته‎ , also Romanized as Tamūteh ) is a village in Mir Deh Rural District , in the Central District of Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Humboldt Bay Maritime Museum is located in Samoa , California , a small town across Humboldt Bay from Eureka .
Sadaqet ( Persian : صداقت‎ , also Romanized as Şadāqet ) is a village in Zarneh Rural District , Zarneh District , Eyvan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Pomme de Terre Lake is located in southwest Missouri at the confluence of Lindley Creek and the Pomme de Terre River ( for which it is named ) .
WOKC ( True Country ) is a commercial radio station in Okeechobee , Florida , broadcasting to the Okeechobee area on 1570 AM and 100.9 FM .
Poręba Laskowska ( pɔˈrɛmba lasˈkɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skała , within Kraków County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Barjvan ( Persian : برجوان‎ , also Romanized as Barjvān ; also known as Bajvān ) is a village in Barvanan - e Gharbi Rural District , Torkamanchay District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Pierzchne ( ˈpjɛʂxnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Padew Narodowa , within Mielec County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Astishan ( Persian : استيشن‎ , also Romanized as Āstīshan ) is a village in Kut - e Abdollah Rural District , in the Central District of Karun County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Smolné Pece ( German : Pechöfen ) is a village and municipality in Karlovy Vary District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic .
The Old Methodist District Parsonage is a 19th - century Italianate residence in Romney , West Virginia , United States .
Hasanabad - e Padam ( Persian : حسن ابادپدم‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasanābād - e Padam ; also known as Ḩasanābād ) is a village in Nasrovan Rural District , in the Central District of Darab County , Fars Province , Iran .
Bazareh - ye Qarnas ( Persian : بازاره قارناس‎ , also Romanized as Bāzāreh - ye Qārnās ; also known as Bāzāreh and Bāzār ) is a village in Atrak Rural District , Maneh District , Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Abu Hummus , also Abu Humus , Abu Hommos , Abu Homos , Abou Homs ( Arabic : أبو حمص‎ ) is a town in Beheira Governorate , Egypt , an administrative center of markaz Abu Hummus .
Raquette Lake Camps is a group of summer camps located in the center of the Adirondack Mountains in upstate New York , west of Lake George and south of Lake Placid .
Erect , North Carolina is an unincorporated community in Randolph County , North Carolina , United States , and part of the Piedmont Triad metropolitan region .
Collingrove Hillclimb is a motor sport facility located in South Australia 's Barossa Valley .
The Marquette Street Archaeological District is an archaeological site located in St. Ignace , Michigan near the St. Ignace Mission .
Memphis National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located in the Nutbush neighborhood of the City of Memphis , in Shelby County , Tennessee .
Wilczyn Leśny ( ˈvilt͡ʂɨn ˈlɛɕnɨ ) ( German : Heidewilxen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki Śląskie , within Trzebnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Bovenkarspel is a town in the municipality of Stede Broec in the Dutch province of North Holland .
The St. Sophia Ukrainian Orthodox Theological Seminary located in South Bound Brook , New Jersey , USA was established in 1975 through the foresight of Metropolitan Mstyslav of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the USA .
Paddock Wood railway station serves the town of Paddock Wood in Kent .
Created in 1975 , Tom Steed Reservoir is a reservoir in Kiowa County , Oklahoma , 6 miles ( 9.7 km ) northwest of the city of Snyder , Oklahoma .
Oô ( French pronunciation : ​(ɔ.o ) , Occitan : Òu ) is a commune in the Haute - Garonne department in the Midi - Pyrénées region in southwestern France .
Łobódź ( ˈwɔbut͡ɕ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Łódzki , within Zgierz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Palisades State Park is a state park of South Dakota , USA , featuring cliffs and rock formations eroded out of pink Sioux Quartzite .
Tabcorp Park is an Australian horse racing venue situated in Melton , Victoria , Australia ; 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) north - west of the Melbourne CBD .
Eranhimangad is a village near Chaliyar Grama Panchayath , in Nilambur municipality , Kerala state , India .
Floyd County Schools is the school district created to serve the public education needs of Floyd County , Kentucky .
Shirjeh Kola ( Persian : شيرجه كلا‎ , also Romanized as Shīrjeh Kolā ) is a village in Sharq va Gharb - e Shirgah Rural District , Shirgah District , Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Smosarz - Pianki ( ˈsmɔsaʂ ˈpjaŋki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin - Ośrodek , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Willow Mill Complex is a complex of historic buildings located at Richboro , Northampton Township , Bucks County , Pennsylvania .
Taufers i m Münstertal ( Italian : Tubre ; Romansh : Tuer ) is a comune ( municipality ) in South Tyrol in northern Italy , located about 70 kilometres ( 43 mi ) west of the city of Bolzano , on the border with Switzerland .
Owrim Rudbar ( Persian : اوريم رودبار‎ , also Romanized as Owrīm Rūdbār and Ūrīm Rūdbār ) is a village in Rastupey Rural District , in the Central District of Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Asgata ( Greek : Ασγάτα ) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus , located 6 km northeast of Monagroulli .
Taubenloch , ( French : gorges du Taubenloch ) is a gorge located in the Canton of Bern , above Biel / Bienne in Switzerland .
Bank of Colorado Arena at Butler - Hancock Athletic Center is a 2,992-seat multi - purpose arena in Greeley , Colorado , USA .
Trolleholm Castle ( Swedish : Trolleholms slott ) is a castle in Svalöv Municipality , Scania , in southern Sweden .
Cheyenne Arapaho Hall is a student residence hall at University of Colorado Boulder , in Boulder , Colorado .
Boneh Sur ( Persian : بنه سور‎‎ , also Romanized as Boneh Sūr ) is a village in Jowzar Rural District , in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Jezierzyce Małe ( jɛʑɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kondratowice , within Strzelin County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Khvorjan ( Persian : خورجان‎ , also Romanized as Khvorjān and Khowrjān ; also known as Khāneh Khurgān , Khāneh - ye Khūrqān , and Khowrgūn ) is a village in Shahidabad Rural District , Mashhad - e Morghab District , Khorrambid County , Fars Province , Iran .
Stora Mellby Church ( Swedish : Stora Mellby kyrka ) is a church in Stora Mellby , Alingsås Municipality , Västergötland , Sweden .
110 Livingston Street is a Beaux Arts - style building located in Downtown Brooklyn , New York City , New York , United States .
Esfestanaj ( Persian : اسفستانج‎ , also Romanized as Esfestānaj , Esfestānej , and Esfestānj ; also known as Espestana and Yespestana ) is a village in Sarajuy - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Maragheh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The El Pomar Estate was the Penrose House and estate of Spencer and Julie Penrose in the Broadmoor , Colorado , Colorado Springs , Colorado It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places listings in El Paso County , Colorado and the Colorado State Register of Historic Properties .
Del Valle Regional Park is a park of the East Bay Regional Park District ( EBRPD ) in unincorporated Alameda County , California , south of the city of Livermore .
Deruiyeh ( Persian : دروئيه‎ , also Romanized as Derū’īyeh ) is a village in Soghan Rural District , Soghan District , Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Barcelonnette ( Occitan : Barcilona de Provença ) is a commune of France and a subprefecture in the department of Alpes - de - Haute - Provence , in the Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur region .
White River Amphitheatre is a Live Nation managed concert venue , located 3 miles east of Auburn , Washington and 5 miles west of Enumclaw on the Muckleshoot Indian Reservation .
Cowdenbeath ( i/ˌkaʊdənˈbiːθ/ ; Scots : Coudenbeith ) is a town and burgh in west Fife , Scotland .
Filipowo ( filiˈpɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wijewo , within Leszno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Ślęcin ( ˈɕlɛnt͡ɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nagłowice , within Jędrzejów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Lasów ( ˈlasuf ) ( German : Lissa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pieńsk , within Zgorzelec County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the German border .
Begun in 1882 , Camp Wild Air was the first permanent camp on Upper Saint Regis Lake , in the town of Brighton , Franklin County in New York 's Adirondacks .
Fayette Historic State Park is the state park of the historic town of Fayette in the U.S. state of Michigan .
Villa Esplanada ( Chinese : 灝景灣 ) is a private housing estate developed by Sun Hung Kai Properties , China Resources and Cheung Kong on Tsing Yi island in Hong Kong .
WQFX - FM ( 103.1 FM ) is a radio station licensed to Russell , Pennsylvania , the station serves the Jamestown , NY and Warren , PA areas .
Little Tybee Island is located south of Tybee Island , Georgia , USA .
Qazqanchay Rural District ( Persian : دهستان قزقانچائ‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Arjomand District , Firuzkuh County , Tehran Province , Iran .
30 North LaSalle is a 553 ft ( 169 m ) tall skyscraper in Chicago , Illinois , United States .
Houston Fort Bend Airport ( FAA LID : 2H5 ) is a privately owned , public use airport located in unincorporated Fort Bend County , Texas , United States .
Walton and Willett Stone Store , also known as Cahill 's Fish Market , is a historic commercial building located at Oswego in Oswego County , New York .
The Freiberg Germany Temple ( formerly the Freiberg GDR Temple ) is a temple of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS Church ) , located in Freiberg , Saxony , Germany .
Copake Grange Hall , also known as Copake Grange # 935 , is a historic Grange hall located at Copake in Columbia County , New York , U.S.A. It was built in 1902 - 1903 , with additions in 1906 and 1921 .
Don Bosco Cristo Rey High School is a private , Roman Catholic high school and work study program in Takoma Park , Maryland serving low - income students in the D.C. area .
Nushk ( Persian : نوشك‎ , also Romanized as Nūshk ) is a village in Jowzar Rural District , in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Heckmondwike is a town and electoral ward in the metropolitan borough of Kirklees , West Yorkshire , England , 9 miles ( 14 km ) south west of Leeds .
Tovir ( Persian : طوير‎ , also Romanized as Ţovīr , Tavār , Ţavīr , and Tovīr ; also known as Ţowvīr and Tuvīr ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , Kelardasht District , Chalus County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The 1411 Fourth Avenue Building is a historic building in Seattle , Washington , that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 28 , 1991 ( ID # 91000633 ) .
Tasik ( Armenian : Թասիկ , also Romanized as T’asik ; formerly , Tazagyukh , T’azagyugh , Gushch’i , T’azak’end , Kushch’i , Kushch’i - T’azak’end , and Ghushch’i ) is a village and rural community ( municipality ) in the Syunik Province of Armenia .
Chandar Mahalleh ( Persian : چندرمحله‎ , also Romanized as Chandar Maḩalleh ) is a village in Bala Khiyaban - e Litkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Abercairny is an estate in the Scottish region of Perth and Kinross .
Jiavan ( Persian : جياوان‎ , also Romanized as Jīāvān and Jeyāvān ; also known as Dzhiavan and Jīāravān ) is a village in Fuladlui Jonubi Rural District , Hir District , Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Cerami ( Sicilian : Cirami ) is a comune in Sicily , southern Italy , part of the Province of Enna .
Flagler Museum , also known as Whitehall , is a 55-room mansion open to the public in Palm Beach , Florida in the United States .
Kosrae ( pronunciation : /koʊˈʃaɪ/ koh - shrye ) , formerly known as Kusaie , is an island in Federated States of Micronesia .
The Itapagipe Peninsula is a peninsula located in the city of Salvador , capital of the Brazilian state of Bahia .
The Paseo Bridge was a suspension bridge over the Missouri River in Kansas City , Missouri .
Mazraeh - ye Kheybar ( Persian : مزرعه خيبر‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Kheybar ; also known as Kheybar ) is a village in Dustan Rural District , Badreh District , Darreh Shahr County , Ilam Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Georgetown - Rowley State Forest is a 1,112-acre ( 450 ha ) Massachusetts state forest located primarily in the towns of Georgetown and Rowley with a small spillage into the town of Boxford .
St. George 's Syrian Catholic Church is a former church located at 103 Washington Street between Rector Street and Carlisle Street in the Financial District of Manhattan , New York City .
Welshpool ( Welsh : Y Trallwng ) is a town in Wales , historically in the county of Montgomeryshire , but currently administered as part of the unitary authority of Powys .
The Avenue of the Giants is a scenic highway in Northern California , U.S.A. , running through Humboldt Redwoods State Park .
Mount Vernon Mill No . 1 is a historic cotton mill complex located at Baltimore , Maryland , United States .
Llandderfel is a village and community in Gwynedd , Wales , formerly served by the Llandderfel railway station .
The George M. Sullivan Arena ( commonly shortened to the `` Sullivan Arena '' and often referred to colloquially as `` The Sully '' ) is a 6,290 seat arena in Anchorage , Alaska , United States .
The Lamerton House is a two - story Tudor Revival house constructed in 1930 located on the 40-acre ( 16 ha ) Lamerton Terrace property Enid , Oklahoma in Garfield County , which has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1997 .
The Sinnott Memorial Observation Station is a sheltered viewpoint built into the caldera cliff 900 feet above Crater Lake in southern Oregon , United States .
Redruth ( /rəˈdruːθ/ rə - DROOTH , Cornish : Resrudh ) is a town and civil parish in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Ramnet ( Persian : رمنت‎ ; also known as Ramtet ) is a village in Feyziyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Providence Hospital Heliport ( FAA LID : 0OR0 ) is a private heliport located east of Medford in Jackson County , Oregon , United States .
Badaq Ab ( Persian : بداق آب‎ , also Romanized as Badāq Āb ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Semnan County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Völklingen station is the main railway station in the city of Völklingen in the German state of Saarland .
Mitathal is a village in the Bhiwani tehsil of the Bhiwani district in the Indian state of Haryana .
Wołkusz ( ˈvɔu̯kuʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsk , within Augustów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Arcoverde ( Green Arch ) is a municipality in Pernambuco , Brazil .
Karganeh ( Persian : كرگانه‎ , also Romanized as Kargāneh ; also known as Kargāh ) is a village in Dehpir Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Bamberg City Hall , located in Bamberg , South Carolina is a municipal city hall .
Imperial County Airport ( IATA : IPL , ICAO : KIPL , FAA LID : IPL ) is a county - owned public - use airport in Imperial County , California , United States .
Esfarjan ( Persian : اسفرجان‎ , also Romanized as Esfarjān ; also known as Esfaranjān , Samīrum , Semīrom , and Usburjān ) is a village in Esfarjan Rural District , in the Central District of Shahreza County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Gurash ( Persian : گورش‎ , also Romanized as Gūrash ; also known as Kūrash ) is a village in Bastam Rural District , in the Central District of Chaypareh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Jurkan ( Persian : جوركان‎ , also Romanized as Jūrkān ) is a village in Esfandaqeh Rural District , in the Central District of Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Bądecz ( ˈbɔndɛt͡ʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysoka , within Piła County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Dametir - e Shomali ( Persian : دمتير شمالي‎ , also Romanized as Dametīr - e Shomālī ; also known as Dehnow Damītar - e Shomālī ) is a village in Mehregan Rural District , in the Central District of Parsian County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
KROX - FM , aka 101X , is an alternative rock terrestrial radio station in Austin , Texas , United States .
Iwniki ( ivˈniki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Dave 's Falls is a waterfall in Marinette County , Wisconsin , 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) south of Amberg , in the town of Amberg .
Kaliyur is a village in Sathyamangalam taluk in Erode district , Tamil Nadu .
Matawatchan Aerodrome ( TC LID : CMW3 ) is an aerodrome located 1.5 nautical miles ( 2.8 km ; 1.7 mi ) northeast of Matawatchan , Ontario , Canada .
The Thomas J. Kehrer House is a house located near Jerome , Idaho that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 .
Integrated Support Command Alameda ( ISC Alameda ) is a large operating base of the United States Coast Guard , located on Coast Guard Island in Alameda , California ISC Alameda provides a wide variety of services in direct support of Coast Guard activities throughout the west coast of the United States of America .
Simkuiyeh ( Persian : سيمكوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Sīmkū’īyeh ; also known as Semkūeeyeh ) is a village in Asfyj Rural District , Asfyj District , Behabad County , Yazd Province , Iran .
The Neck of Land Cemetery is a small historic cemetery on Summer Street in Taunton , Massachusetts .
Mercury Boulevard in the cities of Hampton and Newport News in the Peninsula region of southeastern Virginia carries U.S. Highway 258 approximately 10 miles ( 16 km ) south from Fort Monroe at Old Point Comfort on Hampton Roads to the north end of the James River Bridge .
WYCA ( 102.3 FM ) is licensed to Crete , Illinois , south of Chicago , with studios in Hammond , Indiana , and transmitter in Beecher , Illinois , south of Crete .
Oad Street is a small hamlet in the English county of Kent .
Allen Army Airfield ( IATA : BIG , ICAO : PABI , FAA LID : BIG ) is a public and military use airport serving Fort Greely and located three miles ( 5 km ) south of the central business district of Delta Junction , a city in the Southeast Fairbanks Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska .
Hamzehi ( Persian : حمزه اي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩamzeh’ī ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bam County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Le Bachut is a quarter in the 8th arrondissement of Lyon .
Valchava is a village in the Val Müstair ( Müstair valley ) of the canton of Graubünden ( Grisons ) , Switzerland .
Cölbe station is a junction station on the Main - Weser Railway in the town of Cölbe in the German state of Hesse .
Buszęcin ( buˈʂɛnt͡ɕin ) ( German Büssenthin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Pomorski , within Kamień County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
New Arbat Avenue ( Russian : Но́вый Арба́т ) is a major street in Moscow running west from Arbat Square on the Boulevard Ring to Novoarbatsky Bridge on the opposite bank of the Moskva River .
Rockaways ' Playland was an amusement park located on Beach 98th Street in Rockaway Beach in the Borough of Queens , New York City , at Beach 98 Street between Rockaway Beach Boulevard and the beachfront .
Mallampet is a village situated at Quthbullapur Mandal , Rangareddy district , Telangana , India .
Ramsnest Common is a hamlet in the far south of the Borough of Waverley , the largest district of Surrey , England centred on the A283 1.5 miles ( 2.4 km ) SSW of Chiddingfold village centre between Milford and Petworth in West Sussex which it borders .
Birchwood Airport ( ICAO : PABV , FAA LID : BCV ) is a state owned , public use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) northwest of the central business district of Birchwood ( also known as Chugiak ) , in the Anchorage Municipality of the U.S. state of Alaska .
The Centennial Baptist Church is a historic church building at the corner of York and Columbia Streets in Helena , Arkansas .
Daleli is a Keroun village development committee Ward no 9 in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south - eastern BayarbanKeroun VDC nepal in Nepal .
The Glenn Highway ( part of Alaska Route 1 ) is a highway in the U.S. state of Alaska , extending 179 miles ( 288 km ) from Anchorage near Merrill Field to Glennallen on the Richardson Highway .
Karizak - e Kenar Kal ( Persian : كاريزك كناركال‎ , also Romanized as Kārīzak - e Kenār Kāl ; also known as Kārīzak , Kārīzak - e Kāl , and Kārīzak Kāl ) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Alcove Springs was a stop along the Oregon Trail near Independence Crossing in Marshall County , Kansas .
Treglio is a municipality and town in the Province of Chieti in the Abruzzo region of Italy
Conselheiro Lafaiete is a city of the state of Minas Gerais , Brazil .
Nagawczyna ( naɡafˈt͡ʂɨna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębica , within Dębica County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Ahsham Khosrow Khan ( Persian : احشام خسروخان‎ , also Romanized as Aḩshām Khosrow Khān ) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District , in the Central District of Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Campaigh or Campay is a steep and rocky islet in outer Loch Ròg , Lewis , Scotland that lies north of Cealasaigh and Little Bernera .
The Ring of Life ( simplified chinese : 生命之环 ; pinyin : shēngmìng zhī huán ) is a 515-foot ( approximately 157 meters ) landmark built in the city of Fushun , China .
The city of Kinzau - Mvuete is in the Bundi sector of Seke - Banza Territory .
The Monteregian Hills ( French : Collines Montérégiennes ) is a linear chain of isolated hills in Montreal and Montérégie , between the Laurentians and the Appalachians .
The closest ' village ' to Beinn a ' Bhùird is Braemar , Aberdeenshire and the most common approach by car is through this village .
East Frisia or Eastern Friesland ( German : Ostfriesland ; East Frisian Low Saxon : Oostfreesland ) is a coastal region in the northwest of the German federal state of Lower Saxony .
Bastrop Academy , later renamed Bastrop Military Institute , was located in Bastrop , Texas .
Parley 's Canyon is a canyon located in the U.S. state of Utah .
Dasht - e Vara ( Persian : دشت ورا‎ , also Romanized as Dasht - e Varā ) is a village in Bid Shahr Rural District , Evaz District , Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Joseph State Airport ( ICAO : KJSY , FAA LID : JSY , formerly 4S3 ) is a public use airport located one nautical mile ( 1.85 km ) west of the central business district of Joseph , a city in Wallowa County , Oregon , United States .
East York Town Centre is a shopping centre in the East York district of Toronto , Ontario , Canada , located at 45 Overlea Blvd .
Karambayam is a village under Pattukottai Taluk in Thanjavur District in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Skinner Reserve is an Australian rules football stadium located on Churchill Avenue , Braybrook , Victoria .
Profitis Ilias Greek Orthodox Church is a Greek Orthodox church located outside Endeavour , Saskatchewan , Canada , and dedicated to the Prophet Elias .
Bely Gorodok ( Russian : Белый Городок ) is an urban - type settlement in Kimrsky District of Tver Oblast , Russia .
Stondon is a civil parish located in the Central Bedfordshire district of Bedfordshire , England .
The Totowa Borough Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district , serving students in Kindergarten through eighth grade in Totowa , in Passaic County , New Jersey , United States .
Akhtar Shah ( Persian : اخترشاه‎ , also Romanized as Akhtar Shāh ) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District , Torqabeh District , Torqabeh and Shandiz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The University of Charleston Stadium at Laidley Field , is an 18,500-capacity stadium located in downtown Charleston , West Virginia , near the state Capitol complex .
The Balsam Lake Mountain Fire Observation Station is located at the summit of the mountain of that name in the Town of Hardenburgh , New York , United States .
The Judge 's Chop House was an eatery located on Twombly Place in Jamaica , New York .
Upcerne is a hamlet lying between Minterne Magna and Cerne Abbas in Dorset , England .
Pratt Regional Airport ( IATA : PTT , ICAO : KPTT , FAA LID : PTT ) is a public use airport located four nautical miles ( 7 km ) north of the central business district of Pratt , a city in Pratt County , Kansas , United States .
Ilal ( Persian : ايلال‎ , also Romanized as Īlāl ; also known as Īlāt ) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District , Chahardangeh District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Canelones Department ( Spanish : Departamento de Canelones ) , with an area of 4,536 km2 ( 1,751 sq mi ) and 518,154 inhabitants , is located to the south of Uruguay .
Jerago con Orago is a town and a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Varese in the Italian region Lombardy , located about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) northwest of Milan and about 13 kilometres ( 8 mi ) south of Varese .
The Bank of College Grove in College Grove , Tennessee , United States , is a building built in 1911 .
Deh Salar - e Yek ( Persian : ده سالار1‎ , also Romanized as Deh Sālār - e Yek ; also known as Deh - e Sālār and Deh Sālār ) is a village in Dehsard Rural District , in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Avhane is a village of Shevgaon taluka of Ahmednagar district in the state of Maharashtra , India .
Langlade County Airport ( ICAO : KAIG , FAA LID : AIG ) is a county - owned public use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) northeast of the central business district of Antigo , a city in Langlade County , Wisconsin , United States .
CJEG - FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a hot adult contemporary format at 101.3 FM in Bonnyville , Alberta , branded as KOOL 101.3 FM .
The Hamas government of 2012 was the second Palestinian Hamas - dominated government , ruling over the Gaza Strip , since the split of the Palestinian National Authority in 2007 .
Darreh - ye Jaz ( Persian : دره جاز‎ , also Romanized as Darreh - ye Gāz ) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Taizihe District ( simplified Chinese : 太子河区 ; traditional Chinese : 太子河區 ; pinyin : Tàizǐhé Qū ) is a district of Liaoyang City , Liaoning province , People 's Republic of China .
Ballybofey ( /ˌbæliːbəˈfeɪ/ ; Irish : Bealach Féich , meaning `` Fiach 's pass '' ) is a town located on the south bank of the River Finn , County Donegal , Ireland .
Taklibhan is a village located in Ahmednagar district , Maharashtra state in India .
Gostyń Łobeski ( ˈɡɔstɨɲ wɔˈbɛski ) ( German : Justin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoty , within Gryfice County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Khalifeh Davud ( Persian : خليفه داود‎ , also Romanized as Khalīfeh Dāvūd ) is a village in Arshaq - e Shomali Rural District , Arshaq District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Głuchy Bór ( ˈɡwuxɨ ˈbur ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dziemiany , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Quilpie Airport ( IATA : ULP , ICAO : YQLP ) is an airport serving Quilpie , Queensland , Australia .
The Lighthouse of Ponta Garça ( Portuguese : Farol da Ponta Garça ) is a beacon / lighthouse located along cliffs of the civil parish of Ponta Garça in the municipality of Vila Franca do Campo , in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores .
The Middle Elbe Biosphere Reserve is a Biosphere Reserve in the German Federal state Saxony - Anhalt .
Gwangju ( Korean pronunciation : ( kwaŋdʑu ) ) is the sixth largest city in South Korea .
Otter Rapids Generating Station is a dam and hydroelectric power plant located in Pitt Township in the Unorganized North Part of Cochrane District in Northeastern Ontario , Canada .
Stary Zawidów ( ˈstarɨ zaˈviduf ) ( German : Alt Seidenberg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulików , within Zgorzelec County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the Czech border .
The Bayard Park Neighborhood is a neighborhood in Evansville , Indiana which is bounded by Lincoln Avenue , US Highway 41 , Washington Avenue and Garvin Street .
KNIR `` Radio Maria '' ( for : New IbeRia ) is an AM broadcasting station at 1360 kHz on the AM band licensed to New Iberia , Louisiana serving the greater Lafayette area with Catholic programming as a repeater of KJMJ 580 kHz in Alexandria , Louisiana .
Black Mingo Creek is a tributary to the Black River in coastal South Carolina .
Sarqaleh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان سرقلعه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Ozgoleh District , Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Nosaby Church ( Swedish : Nosaby kyrka ) is located in the village Nosaby in Kristianstad Municipality , Sweden .
Wojtkówka ( vɔi̯tˈkufka ) ( Ukrainian : Війтівка , Viitivka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne , within Bieszczady County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Fort Gibson is now located adjacent to the present day city of Fort Gibson , in Muskogee County Oklahoma .
South Branch House ( 1785 - 1794 , 1805 - 1870 ) was the only significant fur trading post on the South Saskatchewan River .
Sephu Gewog ( Dzongkha : སྲས་ཕུག་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Wangdue Phodrang District , Bhutan .
Kabekona Lake is a clear lake in northern Minnesota , USA , located 2.5 miles south of Laporte in Hubbard County .
Tasband ( Persian : تسبند‎ ) is a village in Frughan Rural District , Rud Ab District , Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Tulse Hill is a district in the London Borough of Lambeth in south London , England .
Hundling ( German : Hundlingen ) is a commune in the Moselle department in Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Klementów ( klɛˈmɛntuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poddębice , within Poddębice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Haranmar ( Persian : هرانمر‎ , also Romanized as Harānmar ) is a village in Hendmini Rural District , Badreh District , Darreh Shahr County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Karkajmy ( karˈkai̯mɨ ) ( German : Korbsdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orneta , within Lidzbark County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Datchworth is a village and civil parish between the towns of Hertford , Stevenage and Welwyn Garden City in the county of Hertfordshire , England .
The Governor 's Mansion Historic District is a historic district covering a large historic neighborhood of Little Rock , Arkansas .
Becejły ( bɛˈt͡sɛi̯wɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szypliszki , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
The Adrian Public Library is a historic structure located at 110 East Church Street in downtown Adrian , Michigan .
Leedstown is a village on the B3280 road between Helston and Hayle in the civil parish of Crowan , Cornwall , England .
Tha Kham also known as the town of `` Hot '' or `` Hod '' , is the district headquarters of Hot District in the south of Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Maksudan is a village at the Bank of Holy river Gomti near to Dhopap in Lambhua Mandal , Sultanpur district , Uttar Pradesh .
Disney 's BoardWalk Resort is a AAA Four - Diamond Award -- winning hotel and entertainment complex at the Walt Disney World resort , in Bay Lake , Florida , near Orlando , Florida .
CIKX - FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting in Grand Falls , New Brunswick at 93.5 MHz and 5,300 watts .
Behanak ( Persian : بهانك‎ , also Romanized as Behānak and Behnak ) is a village in Qazqanchay Rural District , Arjomand District , Firuzkuh County , Tehran Province , Iran .
KVNF ( 90.9 FM ) , is a National Public Radio - affiliated community radio station in Paonia , Colorado .
The Tonquin Valley is located in Jasper National Park , Alberta , Canada , next to the border of the provinces of Alberta and British Columbia , an area which is also the continental divide , running along the peaks of the South Jasper Range ( including The Ramparts subrange ) which rise above Amethyst Lake .
The Princess Margaret Bridge , sometimes called the Princess Margaret Rose Bridge or shortened to just PMB , is a two - lane highway bridge crossing the Saint John River at Fredericton , New Brunswick , Canada .
Snipes Mountain AVA is an American Viticultural Area located in the Yakima Valley of Washington State .
Codnor is a Derbyshire village and civil parish in the Amber Valley district , and a former mining community , with a population of nearly 5,000 .
Bruff ( Irish : Brú na nDeise ) is a town in east County Limerick , in the midwest of Ireland , located on the old Limerick--
Soe Gewog ( Dzongkha : སྲོས་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Thimphu District , Bhutan .
Mehr Gerd ( Persian : مهرگرد‎ , also Romanized as Mehr Gard ) is a village in Vardasht Rural District , in the Central District of Semirom County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Ana Bolaghi ( Persian : انابلاغي‎ , also Romanized as Ānā Bolāghī ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Jonubesharqi Rural District , Shadian District , Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Muker is a village and civil parish at the western end of Swaledale , one of the Yorkshire Dales , in North Yorkshire , England .
Tutak Sefid ( Persian : توتك سفيد‎ , also Romanized as Tūtak Sefīd ; also known as Tūt Sefīd ) is a village in Baqerabad Rural District , in the Central District of Mahallat County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Gravel Hills are a low mountain range in the central Mojave Desert , in northwestern San Bernardino County , California .
Hajji Beygi ( Persian : حاجي بيگي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjī Beygī ) is a village in Roqicheh Rural District , Kadkan District , Torbat - e Heydarieh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Pumpkin Hill Creek Preserve State Park is a Florida State Park , located 12 miles north of Jacksonville , west of Big and Little Talbot Islands .
Shively Field ( IATA : SAA , ICAO : KSAA , FAA LID : SAA ) is a public airport located one mile ( 2 km ) southwest of the central business district of Saratoga , a town in Carbon County , Wyoming , United States .
Barzuhandan ( Persian : برزوهندان‎ , also Romanized as Barzūhandān ; also known as Barzūkhandān ) is a village in Jirdeh Rural District , in the Central District of Shaft County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Deutsche Botschaftsschule Peking ( `` German Embassy School of Beijing '' , simplified Chinese : 北京德国使馆学校 ; traditional Chinese : 北京德國使館學校 ; pinyin : Běijīng Déguó Shǐguǎn Xuéxiào ) is a German international school in Chaoyang District , Beijing , China .
Slavyansk - na - Kubani ( Russian : Славя́нск-на-Куба́ни ) is a town in Krasnodar Krai , Russia , located in the Kuban River delta .
Menunketesuck Island , also known as Menunketesuck Point , is an island in Long Island Sound belonging to the town of Westbrook in Middlesex County , Connecticut .
Klejwy ( ˈklɛi̯vɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
Dabri Chhoti ( Hindi : डाबड़ी छोटी ) is a village in Churu district , Rajasthan , India , situated on the road between Taranagar and Sahwa , 15 km away from Sahwa .
Stojeszyn Pierwszy ( stɔˈjɛʂɨn ˈpjɛrfʂɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Modliborzyce , within Janów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Escolca , Scorca or Scolca in sardinian language , is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Cagliari in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) north of Cagliari .
Yunxi District ( simplified Chinese : 云溪区 ; traditional Chinese : 雲溪區 ; pinyin : Yúnxī qū ) is one of three urban districts of Yueyang , Hunan province , China .
Saint Michael 's Roman Catholic Church & Rectory ( also known as St. Michael the Archangel Church , and currently called Angel 's Arms Condominiums ) is a former Roman Catholic church and rectory located at 21 Pius Street in the South Side Slopes neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Wolinia ( vɔˈliɲa ) ( German : Wollin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Parasala is a small village in Osian tehsil of Jodhpur district , Rajasthan state , India .
Vasyeh Kash ( Persian : وسيه كش‎ , also Romanized as Vesyeh Kash , Vesyeh Kesh , and Vasīeh Kash ; also known as Vastikah , Vazīr Kash , and Vesī Kesh ) is a village in Valupey Rural District , in the Central District of Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Smith 's Hundred or Smythe 's Hundred was a colonial English settlement in Virginia .
WQAH - FM ( 105.7 FM , `` Big Country 105.7 FM WQAH '' ) is a classic country music , bluegrass , and gospel music formatted radio station licensed to Addison , Alabama , that serves Decatur , Alabama , and the western portion of the Huntsville , Alabama , market .
Entronque de Herradura is one of thirteen villages ( consejos populares ) belonging to Consolación del Sur , in Pinar del Río Province , Cuba .
Brič ( pronounced ( ˈbɾiːtʃ ) ) is a small settlement in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Mount Terry Fox is a peak in the Selwyn Range of the Canadian Rockies in British Columbia , Canada .
Piteh Now ( Persian : پيته نو‎ , also Romanized as Pīteh Now ; also known as Pet Now , Pet Tow , and Tappeh - Ye - Now ) is a village in Shohada Rural District , Yaneh Sar District , Behshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Umtanum Ridge is a long anticline mountain ridge in Yakima County and Kittitas County in the U.S. state of Washington .
Stare Kluki ( ˈstarɛ ˈkluki ) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Smołdzino , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kuberka ( kuˈbɛrka ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Chuman ( Persian : چومان‎ , also Romanized as Chūmān ) is a village in Bowalhasan Rural District , Namshir District , Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Lake Awoonga was formed on the Boyne River by the dam located 30 km ( 19 mi ) from Gladstone , in Central Queensland , Australia .
The Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion , sometimes called The Woodlands Pavilion or simply The Pavilion , is a concert amphitheatre located in The Woodlands , Texas , an outer suburb of Houston , Texas .
St. Patrick 's Parish Complex is a historic church building , with associated rectory and cemetery , located at Northfield Church and Whitmore Lake Roads in Ann Arbor , Michigan .
Zgniłobłoty ( zɡniwɔˈbwɔtɨ ) ( German : Königsmoor ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowo , within Brodnica County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Garsdale Head is a hamlet mainly within the South Lakeland district of Cumbria , England .
Pogreby ( pɔˈɡrɛbɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kleszczele , within Hajnówka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Alexander McNish House , also known as the McNish - Musser House , is a historic home located at the town of Salem , Washington County , New York .
Nadbużanka ( nadbuˈʐaŋka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Uhruska , within Włodawa County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
The Welzheim Forest ( German : Welzheimer Wald ) is a wooded , hill ridge , up to 585.2 m above sea level ( NHN ) , in the counties of Rems - Murr , Ostalb and Schwäbisch Hall in Baden - Württemberg ( Germany ) .
Älta is a locality situated in Nacka Municipality , Stockholm County , Sweden with 9,989 inhabitants in 2010 .
Mahmudiyeh - ye Bahrami ( Persian : محموديه بهرامي‎ , also Romanized as Maḩmūdīyeh - ye Bahrāmī and Maḩmūdīyeh Bahrāmī ; also known as Mahmūdi , Maḩmūdīyeh , and Moḩammadī ) is a village in Azadegan Rural District , in the Central District of Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Torre Canavese ( Piedmontese : La Tor Bèr ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) north of Turin .
The Château Dufresne ( also known as the Dufresne House ) is a historic building located in the borough Mercier-- Hochelaga - Maisonneuve in Montreal , Canada .
Beit Zayit is under the jurisdiction of Mateh Yehuda Regional Council .
Vaikuntham is a village community in Sankagiri taluk , Salem district , India.vaikuntham are located via NH 47 ( salem to covai ) Vaikuntham has a bank , school , telephone exchange , post office , Santhai ( vegetable market ) on every Tuesday , milk booth , etc . Selli Amman Temple :
South San Francisco High School , known colloquially as `` South City High '' , is an American public high school located in South San Francisco , California which serves grades 9 - 12 as part of the South San Francisco Unified School District ( SSFUSD ) .
The East Oriental Covered Bridge , also known as the Sheaffer Covered Bridge , is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Perry Township near Meiserville in Snyder County , Pennsylvania and Susquehanna Township near Oriental in Juniata County , Pennsylvania .
Poleszyn ( pɔˈlɛʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroń , within Pabianice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Mashhad Factory Housing ( Persian : كارخانه خانه سازي مشهد‎ -- Kārkhāneh Khāneh Sāzī Mashhad ) is a village and company town in Shandiz Rural District , Shandiz District , Torqabeh and Shandiz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Tedef ( Arabic : تادف‎ ; also spelled Tadif ) , also known as Tedef al - Yahud ( Tedef of the Jews ) , is a town just southeast of Al - Bab , about 20 miles ( 32 km ) east of Aleppo , Syria .
Kordak ( Persian : كردك‎ , also Romanized as Kardak and Karodak ) is a village in Bayat Rural District , Nowbaran District , Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Eqlid County ( Persian : شهرستان اقلید‎ ) is a county in Fars Province in Iran .
Stare Masiewo ( ˈstarɛ maˈɕɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narewka , within Hajnówka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Clonskeagh or Clonskea ( Irish : Cluain Sceach , meaning `` meadow of the whitethorn '' ; pronounced ( klɔnskiː ) ) , is a southern suburb of Dublin , Ireland .
Tall - e Shirazi ( Persian : تل شيرازي‎ , also Romanized as Tall - e Shīrāzī ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Behbahan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Domodossola ( Piedmontese : Dòm ) is a city and comune in the Province of Verbano - Cusio - Ossola , in the region of Piedmont , northern Italy .
Boarhills is a hamlet close to Kingsbarns on the East Neuk of Fife , Scotland .
The Purple Point - Stehekin Ranger Station House is a National Park Service ranger residence located in the Lake Chelan National Recreation Area of northern Washington .
The James B. Hunt Jr. Library is the second main library of North Carolina State University ( NCSU ) and is located on the University 's Centennial Campus .
The George F. Shepard House is located at 1802 Wirt Street in the Near North Side neighborhood on the north end of Omaha , Nebraska .
The Cape Site , designated Site 36.27 by the Maine Archaeological Survey , is a prehistoric archaeological site in West Leeds , Maine .
Ramarajapuram is a village panchayat in Nilakkottai taluk , Dindigul district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Naqdi Kandi ( Persian : نقدي كندي‎ , also Romanized as Naqdī Kandī ; also known as Nogdi Kandī ) is a village in Arshaq Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Lapoinya ( pronounced La - porn - ya ) is a small agricultural centre on the north - west coast of Tasmania west of Wynyard .
Eresk District ( Persian : بخش ارسک‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Boshruyeh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Pender High School is located in Burgaw , North Carolina on Highway 53 , and about 25 miles from Wilmington , North Carolina .
Żylice ( ʐɨˈlit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawicz , within Rawicz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Nowiny Horynieckie ( nɔˈvʲinɨ xɔrɨˈɲɛt͡skʲɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Новини Горинецькі , Novyny Horynets’ki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horyniec - Zdrój , within Lubaczów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
WNNF ( 94.1 FM ) is a radio station with a country music format in Cincinnati , Ohio , USA .
Jarnice ( jarˈnit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Deh - e Arjuni ( Persian : ده ارجوني‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Arjūnī ) is a village in Margan Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Bragassa Toy Store is a historic commercial building located in Lynchburg , Virginia .
Marischal Museum was a museum in Aberdeen , Scotland , specialising in anthropology and artifacts from cultures around the world .
Guarujá ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ɡwaɾuˈʒa ) ) is a municipality in the São Paulo state of Brazil .
Eufaula National Wildlife Refuge is an 11,184 acre ( 45.26 km2 ) National Wildlife Refuge located in Barbour and Russell counties in Alabama and Stewart and Quitman counties in Georgia .
Mudawad is small village in Shindkheda tehsil of Dhule district in Maharashtra , India .
Owchtash ( Persian : اوچ تاش‎ , also Romanized as Owchţāsh and Ūchtāsh ) is a village in Qaleh Juq Rural District , Anguran District , Mahneshan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Cobham services is a motorway service area on the M25 motorway in Surrey between junctions 9 and 10 .
McGill University Library is the library system of McGill University in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Harbor Club Condominiums is a high - rise residential building in San Diego , California composed of two towers of equal height .
Sather Gate is a prominent landmark separating Sproul Plaza from the bridge over Strawberry Creek , leading to the center of the University of California , Berkeley campus .
Dindarlu ( Persian : ديندارلو‎ , also Romanized as Dīndārlū and Dindarloo ) is a village in Qarah Bulaq Rural District , Sheshdeh and Qarah Bulaq District , Fasa County , Fars Province , Iran .
Vlodrop ( Limburgish and town dialect : Vlórp ) is a town in the south - eastern part of The Netherlands in the municipality of Roerdalen .
Limpsfield is a village and civil parish in the east of the county of Surrey , England , by Oxted at the foot of the North Downs .
Kahan Godar ( Persian : كهن گدار‎ , also Romanized as Kahan Godār ) is a village in Kuh Shah Rural District , Ahmadi District , Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Stoke - upon - Trent , commonly called Stoke , is a component town of the city of Stoke - on - Trent , in Staffordshire , England .
Zbulitów Duży ( zbuˈlituf ˈduʐɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzyń Podlaski , within Radzyń Podlaski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Darju ( Persian : درجو‎ , also Romanized as Darjū ; also known as Dar Joveh , Dar Jovū , Darjūreh , and Darjūveh ) is a village in Bakhtegan Rural District , Abadeh Tashk District , Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Larkin House , located at 464 Calle Principal , Monterey , California , was built in 1835 by Thomas O. Larkin .
Sulphide Creek Falls is a tall , moderately large volume waterfall within North Cascades National Park in Washington state .
Nowy Jamielnik ( ˈnɔvɨ jaˈmjɛlnik ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek Łukowski , within Łuków County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Weed Airport ( FAA LID : O46 ) is a public airport located four miles ( 6.4 km ) northwest of Weed , serving Siskiyou County , California , USA .
Lisaneh ( Persian : ليسانه‎ , also Romanized as Līsāneh ; also known as Līshomeh ) is a village in Deylaman Rural District , Deylaman District , Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Strembo ( German : Stremben ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) west of Trento .
Waukee High School ( also known as Waukee Senior High School ) is a three - year public high school in Waukee , Iowa , United States .
City House is a building over Leeds railway station that was built as British Railways House in 1962 .
The East Branch South Fork Eel River , a tributary of the South Fork Eel River , is formed by the confluence of Cruso Cabin Creek and Elkhorn Creek , in Mendocino County in the U.S. state of California .
Fresno Dam is a dam on the Milk River , a tributary of the Missouri River , upstream of Havre , Montana .
Instow is a village in north Devon , England .
Khvajeh Marjan ( Persian : خواجه مرجان‎ , also Romanized as Khvājeh Marjān ; also known as Haji Mijan and Khadzhi Myurdzhan ) is a village in Chelleh Khaneh Rural District , Sufian District , Shabestar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Etchemin River is a river in the Chaudière - Appalaches region of eastern Quebec .
Bandar Charak ( Persian : بندرچارك‎ , also Romanized as Bandar - e Chārak and Band - e Chārak ; also known simply as Chārak ) is a coastal city in and the capital of Shibkaveh District , in Bandar Lengeh County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Doncaster Demonstration Forest is a state park in the state of Maryland 1,823 acres in Charles County .
Tverrelvdalen ( Kven : Fallijoki ) is a village area in the Tverrelvdalen valley in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Hughes Hall , the former Robert M. Hughes Memorial Library , is a notable building on the Old Dominion University campus in Norfolk , Virginia designed by Edward Durell Stone in 1959 .
Canadian Forces Base Rockcliffe ( also CFB Rockcliffe ) is a former Canadian Forces Base located in the eastern part of Ottawa , Ontario , now used for Ottawa / Rockcliffe Airport and the Canada Aviation and Space Museum .
Discovery Museum is a science museum and local history museum situated in Blandford Square in Newcastle upon Tyne , England .
Dobbins Air Reserve Base or Dobbins ARB ( IATA : MGE , ICAO : KMGE , FAA LID : MGE ) is a United States air reserve base located in Marietta , Georgia a suburb about 20 miles ( 32 km ) northwest of Atlanta .
Kuri Bay is a remote coastal bay in the far north of Western Australia in the Kimberley region , about 370 km ( 230 mi ) north of Broome .
Deh - e Kharani ( Persian : ده خراني‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Kharānī ; also known as Kharānī ) is a village in Razavar Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Szymbory - Jakubowięta ( ʂɨmˈbɔrɨ jakubɔˈvjɛnta ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Vale of Leven District General Hospital or simply the Vale of Leven Hospital is a District General Hospital in Alexandria , West Dunbartonshire , and is part of NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde .
Spalonki ( spaˈlɔnki ) ( German : Bärenwinkel ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgoń , within Sztum County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Badger Farm is a suburb to the south of Winchester , Hampshire , England and a civil parish .
Kłopoty - Stanisławy ( kwɔˈpɔtɨ staniˈswavɨ ) ( Polish : Troubles - Stanislavs ) is a village in north - eastern Poland , located in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiatycze , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship .
The Joseph Raphael De Lamar House is a mansion located at 233 Madison Avenue at the corner of 37th Street in the Murray Hill neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City .
Moyland Castle ( German : Schloss Moyland ) is a moated castle in Bedburg - Hau in the district of Kleve , one of the most important neo - Gothic buildings in North Rhine - Westphalia .
Chal Kola ( Persian : چال كلا‎ , also Romanized as Chāl Kolā ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Sarhadi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Charusa District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Fälensee ( or Fählensee ) is a lake in the Alpstein range of the canton of Appenzell Innerrhoden , Switzerland .
Lake Belwood is a reservoir in East Garafraxa , Dufferin County and Centre Wellington , Wellington County , Ontario , Canada .
Guhar Moti is the western - most inhabited village in India , in Kutch district in Gujarat .
Gashur - e Aliabad ( Persian : گشورعلي اباد‎ , also Romanized as Gashūr - e `` Alīābād ) is a village in Kakavand - e Sharqi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 273 , in 52 families .
Bennetts End is a neighbourhood within Hemel Hempstead in Hertfordshire , England .
Carroll County Almshouse and Farm , also known as the Carroll County Farm Museum , is a historic farm complex located at Westminster , Carroll County , Maryland .
Esperin ( Persian : اسپرين‎ , also Romanized as Esperīn , Esprīn , and Asperin ; also known as Esfrīn , Isbarin , and Isbirin ) is a village in Sojas Rud Rural District , Sojas Rud District , Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Chalcheraneh ( Persian : چال چرانه‎ , also Romanized as Chālcherāneh ; also known as Chel Charāneh ) is a village in Poshtkuh - e Mugui Rural District , in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Mont Ripley is a ski hill located in Franklin Township , Houghton County , in Michigan 's Upper Peninsula .
Lake Isom is a small natural lake located in Lake County , Tennessee immediately south of Reelfoot Lake .
Titlagarh ( also known as Titilagarh ) is a town and Municipality in Balangir district in the Indian state of Odisha .
Paraíso do Sul ( Paradise of the South ) is a municipality in the state Rio Grande do Sul , Brazil .
461 Fifth Avenue at 40th street is a 28-story skyscraper located in the Grand Central Terminal area of the Midtown Manhattan section of New York City .
Sarbard ( Persian : سربرد‎‎ ) is a village in Beleh Keh Rural District , Alut District , Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Afogados da Ingazeira ( Jamestown ) is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Pernambuco .
Palais Auersperg , originally called Palais Rosenkavalier , is a baroque palace at Auerspergstraße 1 in the Josefstadt or eighth district of Vienna , Austria .
Łobozew Górny ( wɔˈbɔzɛf ˈɡurnɨ ) ( Ukrainian : Лобізва Горішня Lobizva Horishnia ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne , within Bieszczady County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Cape Lyon is located in the Northwest Territories , Canada within Darnley Bay , 14 miles ( 23 km ) from Clapperton Island .
The Bollinger Mill State Historic Site is a state - owned property preserving a mill and covered bridge that pre - date the American Civil War in Burfordville , Cape Girardeau County , Missouri .
Samuel J. Tilden High School is a New York City public high school in the East Flatbush section of Brooklyn , New York City .
Rohusi is an island and a village in Jõelähtme Parish , Harju County in northern Estonia , located in the Kolga Bay .
Abomey - Calavi is a city , arrondissement , and commune located in the Atlantique Department of Benin .
The Monroe Power Plant is a coal - fired power plant located in Monroe , Michigan , on the western shore of Lake Erie .
Panga Posht ( Persian : پنگاپشت‎ , also Romanized as Pangā Posht ) is a village in Shanderman Rural District , Shanderman District , Masal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Hanzak ( Persian : هنزك‎ , also Romanized as Henzak and Hinzak ) is a village in Lavasan - e Kuchak Rural District , Lavasanat District , Shemiranat County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Pickens Hall was a vaudeville venue at Heuvelton in St. Lawrence County , New York .
Karvansara - ye Olya ( Persian : كاروانسراعليا‎‎ , also Romanized as Karvansarā - ye `` Olyā ; also known as Karvansarā ) is a village in Beyranvand - e Shomali Rural District , Bayravand District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 10 , in 4 families .
Dickleburgh and Rushall is a parish in South Norfolk .
Jałtuszczyki ( jau̯tuʂˈt͡ʂɨki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejczyce , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Frances Langford Promenade ( also known as the First Civic Center and the Lake Mirror Promenade ) is a historic site in Lakeland , Florida .
Pogrzebień ( pɔˈɡʐɛbjɛɲ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kornowac , within Racibórz County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Delaware Route 82 ( DE 82 ) is a state highway in the northwest suburbs of Wilmington in New Castle County , Delaware .
Bishopsbourne is a mostly rural and wooded village in Kent , England .
The Stony Brook Reservation Parkways are a group of historic parkways in Boston and Dedham , Massachusetts .
Palisade National Forest was established by the U.S. Forest Service in Wyoming and Idaho on July 1 , 1910 , with 583,650 acres ( 2,361.9 km2 ) , evenly divided between Wyoming and Idaho , from the southern portion of Targhee National Forest .
The UBC Farm is a 24 hectare farm and forest system on the southern end of the University of British Columbia campus in Vancouver .
Bandpey - ye Sharqi District ( Persian : بخش بندپی شرقی‎ , meaning `` Eastern Bandpey District '' ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Porośl - Kije ( ˈpɔrɔɕl ˈkijɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Smużki ( ˈsmuʂki ) ( German : Heinrichsfeld ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Alem Kola ( Persian : عالمكلا‎ , also Romanized as `` Ālem Kolā , `` Ālam Kalā , `` Alam Kolā , and `` Ālem Kalā ) is a village in Lafur Rural District , Shirgah District , Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 503 , in 155 families .
The South Gippsland Railway was a tourist railway located in south Gippsland , Victoria , Australia .
Prime F. Osborn III Convention Center is a 265,000-square - foot ( 24,600 m2 ) convention center located in downtown Jacksonville , Florida .
Tablshekin ( Persian : طبل شكين‎ , also Romanized as Ţablshekīn , Ţablashgīn , and Ţablshekan ) is a village in Hesar - e Valiyeasr Rural District , Avaj District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
SARTA , ( Stark Area Regional Transit Authority ) , is a public sector transit agency servicing Stark County , a county in Ohio containing Canton , Alliance , and Massillon .
Blue Sky Basin is the most recent expansion to Vail Ski Resort in Colorado in the United States .
Szpitalna Wieś ( ʂpiˈtalna ˈvjɛɕ ) ( German : Hospitalsdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztum , within Sztum County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Ephraim Mogale Local Municipality ( until 28 January 2010 named Greater Marble Hall Local Municipality ) is located in the Sekhukhune District Municipality of Limpopo province , South Africa .
Wólka Piecząca ( ˈvulka pjɛˈt͡ʂɔnt͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stanisławów , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Siegrist 's Mill Covered Bridge is a 102-foot ( 31 m ) , Burr Arch Truss covered bridge over Chiques Creek between Rapho and West Hempfield townships , Lancaster County in U.S. state of Pennsylvania .
Hajji Sara ( Persian : حاجي سرا‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjī Sarā ) is a village in Moridan Rural District , Kumeleh District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Brwilno Dolne ( ˈbrvilnɔ ˈdɔlnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Duninów , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Ponjeravah ( Cornish : Pons a Revedh , meaning wonder bridge ) is a hamlet near to and east of Constantine in Cornwall , England , UK .
The Oakley Country Club is a private 18 hole golf club located in Watertown , Massachusetts .
Sable Island ( French : île de Sable ) is a small island situated 300 km ( 190 mi ) southeast of Halifax , Nova Scotia , and about 175 km ( 109 mi ) southeast of the closest point of mainland Nova Scotia in the Atlantic Ocean .
Badrabad - e Sofla ( Persian : بدرابادسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Badrābād - e Soflá ; also known as Badrābād ) is a village in Koregah - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Colonel Summers Park is a city park in the Southeast Portland , Oregon neighborhood of Buckman .
Located in downtown Honolulu , the Hawaii State Capitol was commissioned and dedicated by John A. Burns , second Governor of Hawaii .
Będzitowo ( bɛnd͡ʑiˈtɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotniki Kujawskie , within Inowrocław County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Ballycarney ( Irish : Baile Uí Chearnaigh ) , County Wexford is on the R745 regional road on the east bank of the River Slaney .
Reklinek ( rɛˈklinɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlec , within Wolsztyn County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Fitchburg State University , also called Fitchburg State , is a four - year public institution of higher learning with a compact urban campus , in the city of Fitchburg , Massachusetts , United States .
Upper Souris National Wildlife Refuge , located 30 miles ( 48 km ) northwest of Minot , North Dakota , was established in 1935 as a refuge and breeding ground for migratory birds and other wildlife .
Finnerud Forest Scientific Area is a 300-acre ( 120 ha ) forest in Oneida County , Wisconsin .
Hornepayne Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CNJ6 ) , is located 4 nautical miles ( 7.4 km ; 4.6 mi ) west southwest of Hornepayne , Ontario , Canada .
Saint Joseph College and Mother Seton Shrine are two closely related campuses in Emmitsburg , Maryland .
Doły Biskupie ( ˈdɔwɨ bisˈkupjɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kunów , within Ostrowiec County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Lalami ( Persian : لعلمي‎ , also Romanized as La``lamī ) is a village in Bandar Charak Rural District , Shibkaveh District , Bandar Lengeh County , Hormozgan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 253 , in 49 families .
Karahe Wala is a small village in Moga district of Punjab state of India .
Wąsoszki ( vɔ̃ˈsɔʂki ) ( German : Wonzower Weg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krajenka , within Złotów County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Putnamville Correctional Facility , located in Warren Township , Putnam County , near Greencastle , Indiana , is a medium - security prison for men located on 4,350 acres ( 17.6 km2 ) in Putnam County , Indiana ( the west - central part of the state , near U.S. Routes 231 and 40 ) .
The Crveni Krst concentration camp ( lit . Red Cross concentration camp ) , located in Crveni Krst , Niš , was operated by the German Gestapo and used to hold captured Serbs , Jews and Romanis during the Second World War .
The Museum of Art - DeLand , Florida ( formerly the Museum of Florida Art ) is a 501(c)3 organization incorporated in the State of Florida and is a member of the American Alliance of Museums and the Florida Association of Museums .
Merenberg lies on the southern edge of the Westerwald between the district seat of Limburg and Weilburg .
The Brown Stocking Mill Historic District in Ipswich , Massachusetts encompasses the ( now demolished ) mill building of Harry S. Brown 's stocking - making factory , and associated mill worker housing Brown had built .
Pok Fu Lam Country Park is located on Pok Fu Lam , the western end of the Southern District of Hong Kong Island .
Oestrike Stadium is a stadium in Ypsilanti , Michigan at Eastern Michigan University .
Judge 's House and Law Office is a historic home and office located at Georgetown , Sussex County , Delaware .
Dunnet is a village in Caithness , in the Highland area of Scotland .
San Pietro Avellana is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Isernia in the Italian region of Molise , about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) northwest of Campobasso and some 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) north of Isernia .
Butterleigh is a village in Mid Devon , England situated about three miles south east of Tiverton .
Małoszki ( maˈwɔʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzykosy , within Środa Wielkopolska County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Qaed - e Ebrahimi ( Persian : قايدابراهيمي‎ , also Romanized as Qāed - e Ebrāhīmī ; also known as Qāedī ) is a village in Baghak Rural District , in the Central District of Tangestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Black Donald Lake is a reservoir lake in the Township of Greater Madawaska , Renfrew County and the Township of North Frontenac , Frontenac County in Eastern Ontario , Canada .
Karcz ( kart͡ʂ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Proserpina sarcophagus is a Roman marble sarcophagus from the first quarter of the third century AD , in which Charlemagne was probably interred on 28 January 814 in Aachen cathedral .
The Art Institute of Chicago Building ( 1893 structure built as the World 's Congress Auxiliary Building ) houses the Art Institute of Chicago , and is located in the Chicago Landmark Historic Michigan Boulevard District in the Loop community area of Chicago , Illinois .
The Hay Gaol is located at Hay , in the Riverina District of New South Wales , Australia .
Humbug Mountain State Park is a state park located on the Oregon coast .
Jebreilabad ( Persian : جبرئيل اباد ‎ , also Romanized as Jebre'īlābād and Jebrā'īlābād ) is a village in Oshnavieh - ye Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Oshnavieh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Hasanabad - e Kareyak ( Persian : حسن ابادكريك‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasanābād - e Kareyak ; also known as Ḩasanābād ) is a village in Dana Rural District , in the Central District of Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Samakhun ( Persian : سماخون‎ , also Romanized as Samākhūn ; also known as Samākhon and Sīmākhūn ) is a village in Karizan Rural District , Nasrabad District , Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Raduczyce ( raduˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osjaków , within Wieluń County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Saint Barnabas Medical Center ( SBMC ) , an affiliate of the Barnabas Health ( formerly known as Saint Barnabas Health Care System ) , is a 577-bed non - profit major teaching hospital located in Livingston , New Jersey .
Chahar Rudbar ( Persian : چهاررودبار‎ , also Romanized as Chahār Rūdbār ; also known as Chahār Deh - e Rūdbār ) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District , Chahardangeh District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Płaciszewo ( pwat͡ɕiˈʂɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Dehnow - e Moqimi ( Persian : دهنومقيمي‎ , also Romanized as Dehnow - e Moqīmī ; also known as Deh - i - Nau , Dehnow , and Deh Now - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Rostam - e Do Rural District , in the Central District of Rostam County , Fars Province , Iran .
The 917-metre - high ( 3,009 ft ) Hausstein ( `` House - stone '' ) is a mountain at the front of the Bavarian Forest , southwest of the Lower Bavarian town Regen , and northeast of the town Deggendorf , and is located in the municipality of Schaufling , in the district of Deggendorf .
Shulehabad - e Sofla ( Persian : شول ابادسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Shūlehābād - e Soflā ) is a village in Zaz - e Sharqi Rural District , Zaz va Mahru District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Ubbalagandi is a village in Sanduru taluk , located around 65 km ( 40 mi ) from Bellary and Hospet .
Belcarra is a village on the shore of Indian Arm , a side inlet of Burrard Inlet , and is part of Metro Vancouver .
The Houmas , also known as Burnside Plantation and currently known as Houmas House Plantation and Gardens , is a historic plantation complex and house museum in Burnside , Louisiana .
Housatonic Community College ( HCC ) is a two - year public community college located in Bridgeport , Connecticut .
The Flint Institute of Arts , also called FIA , is located in the Flint Cultural Center in Flint , Michigan .
The Lisbon Historic District is located at the intersection of U.S. Route 30 and Ohio route 45 in Lisbon , Ohio .
Hunting Quarters is the original name for the area of eastern North Carolina in Carteret County currently known as the towns of Sea Level and Atlantic .
Bielecha ( bjɛˈlɛxa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fajsławice , within Krasnystaw County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Zahra va Mehdi ( Persian : زهراومهدي‎ , also Romanized as Zahrā va Mehdī ) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District , Shavur District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Edenvale Airport , ( TC LID : CNV8 ) , is located 2.8 nautical miles ( 5.2 km ; 3.2 mi ) west of Edenvale , Ontario , Canada .
Tmuše ( Serbian Cyrillic : Тмуше ) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Kirkburton is a village , civil parish and local government ward in the metropolitan county of West Yorkshire , England , 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) south east of Huddersfield , in the Metropolitan Borough of Kirklees .
Church of Christ , Swansea ( also known as First Christian Congregational Church and Swansea White Church ) is an historic church at 1113 G. A. R. Highway ( United States Route 6 ) in Swansea , Massachusetts .
Keadue , officially Keadew ( Irish : Céideadh ) , is a village in County Roscommon , Ireland .
Rozterk ( ˈrɔstɛrk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Praszka , within Olesno County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Selargius , Ceràrgius or Ceràxius in Sardinian , is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Cagliari in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 6 kilometres ( 4 mi ) northeast of Cagliari .
Crow Wing State Park is a state park of Minnesota , United States , at the confluence of the Mississippi and Crow Wing Rivers .
Nosratabad - e Khadayar ( Persian : نصرت ابادخدايار‎ , also Romanized as Noşratābād - e Khadāyār ) is a village in Adaran Rural District , Asara District , Karaj County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Econfina River State Park is a 3,377 acres ( 14 km² ) Florida State Park , located on the Gulf of Mexico at the mouth of the Econfina River .
The Emil J. Oberhoffer House overlooks Orchard Lake in Lakeville , Minnesota .
Kingsbury is a district of northwest London in the London Borough of Brent .
Fedij ( Persian : فديج‎ , also Romanized as Fedīj ) is a village in Raviz Rural District , Koshkuiyeh District , Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Long Man is a civil parish in the Wealden District of East Sussex , England which includes the villages of Wilmington , Milton Street and Folkington .
E.T. Seton Park is a public park located in the North York district of Toronto , Ontario , Canada , located near the junction of Leslie Street and Eglinton Avenue .
LIU Post ( formerly , and still formally known as , the C.W. Post Campus of Long Island University and often referred to as C.W. Post ) is a private institution of higher education located in Brookville in Nassau County , New York , United States .
Kwai Shing ( 葵盛 ) is an area on the hill between Kwai Fong and Tai Wo Hau in the Kwai Chung area of Hong Kong .
Lake Ruby is a natural freshwater lake in the suburbs southeast of Winter Haven , Florida .
North Darley ( Cornish : Dowr Legh , meaning rock slab river ) is a hamlet in Cornwall , England .
Ruszcza - Kępa ( ˈruʂt͡ʂa ˈkɛmpa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połaniec , within Staszów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Tahiryuak Lake is a lake located in the Canadian Arctic 's Northwest Territories .
The Kopernik Observatory & Science Center ( KOSC ) is an public observatory in Vestal , New York opened to the public on 16 June 1974 by the Kopernik Society of Broome County to commemorate the 500th anniversary of the birth of the astronomer Nicolaus Copernicus ( Polish : Mikołaj Kopernik ) in 1973 .
Dalgodeltsi ( Bulgarian : Дългоделци , also transliterated as Dulgodeltsi or Dŭlgodeltsi ) is a village ( село ) in northwestern Bulgaria , located in the Yakimovo Municipality ( община Якимово ) of the Montana Province ( Област Монтана ) .
The courts came to Karlsruhe after World War II , when the provinces of Baden and Württemberg were merged .
The BAA Ground ( Burma Athletic Association Ground ) was a cricket ground in Rangoon , Burma ( today Yangon , Myanmar ) .
Battle Hall , also known as `` The Old Library , '' is a historic library on the campus of the University of Texas at Austin in Austin , Texas .
The Foxboro Grange Hall is a historic Grange building at 11 - -15 Bird Street in Foxborough , Massachusetts .
Rue Vaneau is a street in the 7th arrondissement of Paris , France .
Newbawn ( Irish : An Bábhun Nua , meaning `` the new enclosure '' ) is a small village located in the southwest of County Wexford , in Ireland .
Białebłoto - Nowa Wieś ( bjawɛˈbwɔtɔ ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańszczyk , within Wyszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
KHTQ is an active rock outlet licensed to Hayden , Idaho and serving the Spokane , Washington area .
Bam County ( Persian : شهرستان بم‎ ) is a county in Kerman Province in Iran .
Addiscombe tram stop is a light rail stop in the London Borough of Croydon in the southern suburbs of London .
Teribe is a town and corregimiento in the Changuinola District of Bocas del Toro Province of Panama .
Lythe is a small village and large civil parish , in the Scarborough district of North Yorkshire , England , situated near Whitby within the North York Moors National Park .
The Xoulces is a small but abundant river in France which flows in Lorraine in the Vosges department .
Frontier Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in Cheyenne , Wyoming .
Wollaston Beach is a public beach located along Quincy Shore Drive in the Wollaston section of Quincy , Massachusetts .
Ginterowo ( ɡintɛˈrɔvɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcianka , within Czarnków - Trzcianka County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Pol - e Parzin ( Persian : پل پرزين‎ , also Romanized as Pol - e Parzīn ) is a village in Kiyaras Rural District , in the Central District of Gotvand County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Bellevue Christian School ( BCS ) is a private , nondenominational preschool - Grade 12 1A school located in Clyde Hill , Washington , in the United States .
Wiszniów ( ˈviʂɲuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Halvai - ye Do ( Persian : حلوايي دو‎ , also Romanized as Ḩalvā’ī - ye Do ; also known as Alvāhī and Ḩalvā’ī ) is a village in Karian Rural District , in the Central District of Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
First ( Park ) Congregational Church is a historic church at 10 E. Park Place , NE in Grand Rapids , Michigan .
Big Hill Lake is a body of water in Labette County , Kansas , United States .
The A. Everett Austin House is a historic house museum and National Historic Landmark at 130 Scarborough Street in Hartford , Connecticut .
Cherkinlu ( Persian : چركينلو‎ , also Romanized as Cherkīnlū ; also known as Cherkenlū ) is a village in Garmeh - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Pickford 's House Museum of Georgian Life and Costume is in Derby , England
The Arch of Janus is the only quadrifrons triumphal arch preserved in Rome .
Pittsford Village Historic District is a national historic district located at the village of Pittsford in Monroe County , New York .
Calvary Chapel Christian Schools Murrieta is a Pre School to 12th grade education system in Murrieta , California which was founded by the Calvary Chapel Church .
Stary Janków ( ˈstarɨ ˈjaŋkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzymin , within Wołomin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Dorton ( or Dourton ) is a village and civil parish in the Aylesbury Vale district of Buckinghamshire .
The Golda Meir School ( originally Fourth Street School ) for gifted and talented students is a Milwaukee Public Schools district elementary , middle , and high school in Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
Kiltale ( Irish : Cill Táile ) is a small rural community district in County Meath , Ireland with a population of approx . 300 .
The Concord Free Public Library is a public library in the town of Concord , Massachusetts .
Clear Creek State Forest ( formerly Kittanning State Forest ) is a Pennsylvania State Forest in Pennsylvania Bureau of Forestry District # 8 .
The Elma Roane Fieldhouse is a 2,565 seat arena in Memphis , Tennessee .
Jedlinki ( jɛˈdlinki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Górny , within Biłgoraj County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Camdeboo National Park is located in the Karoo and almost completely surrounds the Eastern Cape town of Graaff - Reinet .
Neil Armstrong Airport ( IATA : AXV , ICAO : KAXV , FAA LID : AXV ) is a public use airport located eight nautical miles ( 9 mi , 15 km ) southwest of the central business district of Wapakoneta , a city in Auglaize County , Ohio , United States .
The Gers ( French : le Gers , pronounced : ( ʒɛʁs ) or ( ʒɛʁ ) ; Gascon : Gers ) is a department in the Languedoc - Roussillon - Midi - Pyrénées region in the southwest of France named after the Gers River .
The physical store is located at 11 - 13 East 4th Street , in Greenwich Village , in lower Manhattan , in New York City , New York , U.S.A. In January 2007 , Other Music announced that it plans to begin selling high - quality MP3 files for download without using any type of digital rights management .
Chempazhanthy is a village in the suburbs of Thiruvananthapuram City , the capital of Kerala state in India , which lies about 7 km north .
Qaleh Kol ( Persian : قلعه كل‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh Kol ) is a village in Gasht Rural District , in the Central District of Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 480 , in 121 families .
Khorramzar ( Persian : خرم زار‎ , also Romanized as Khorramzār ) is a village in Jereh Rural District , Jereh and Baladeh District , Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Yeongcheon ( Hangul : 영천 ) is a city in North Gyeongsang Province , South Korea .
Amiran ( Persian : اميران‎ , also Romanized as Amīrān ; also known as Omehrān ) is a village in Rigestan Rural District , Zavareh District , Ardestan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
KSBL ( 101.7 FM , `` K - Lite '' ) is a commercial radio station licensed to Carpinteria , California broadcasting to the Santa Barbara , California area .
CJSI - FM is a christian radio station that broadcasts at 88.9 FM from Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
Rice Lake Regional Airport ( IATA : RIE , ICAO : KRPD , FAA LID : RPD ) is a city - owned public - use airport located five nautical miles ( 9 km ) southwest of the central business district of Rice Lake , a city in Barron County , Wisconsin , United States .
Monikie is a village in Angus , Scotland , north - east of Dundee , and which takes its name from the civil parish of Monikie .
Mica Lake is located in Grand Teton National Park , in the U. S. state of Wyoming .
Mount Barney National Park is a national park in Queensland ( Australia ) , 90 km southwest of Brisbane .
Szyldak ( ˈʂɨldak ) ( German : Schildeck ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Manj - e Baraftab ( Persian : منج برافتاب‎ , also Romanized as Manj - e Barāftāb , Monj - e Barāftāb and Monj - e Barr Āftāb ) is a village in Manj Rural District , Manj District , Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
KAVE ( 88.5 FM ) is a broadcast translator rebroadcasting a variety format of KRVM - FM 91.9 FM HD1 Eugene , Oregon , serving the community of Oakridge , Oregon , USA .
Buskhyttan is a locality situated in Nyköping Municipality , Södermanland County , Sweden with 225 inhabitants in 2010 .
Crump Stadium was a sports stadium in Memphis , Tennessee , built in 1934 and largely demolished in 2006 .
WPRW - FM , also known as `` Power 107 '' , is an Mainstream Urban station located in the Augusta , Georgia radio market .
Rawlins Park is a park in the Foggy Bottom neighborhood of Washington , D.C. The statue General John A. Rawlins is located on the eastern end of the park .
Mist Mountain is a mountain located alongside Highway 40 in the Canadian Rockies of Alberta , Canada .
The Agua Dulce Mountains are a mountain range in the north - central Sonoran Desert of southwestern Arizona .
Rufford Old Hall is a National Trust property in Rufford , Lancashire , England .
Rohat is a village in Pali district , which is tehsil headquarters also .
Stevenson University is a private , independent , coeducational university that is located in the Greenspring Valley area of Baltimore County , Maryland , United States .
Bžostovskiai Palace - building in Vilnius Old Town , Universiteto / Domininkonų st . Currently there is a chemistry and individual flats .
385 Bourke Street is the former head office of the State Bank of Victoria and Commonwealth Bank of Australia .
The D'Aguilar Range is a mountain range near Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
Soraga ( Ladin : Sorèga , German : Überwasser ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) northeast of Trento .
Sułocin - Teodory ( suˈwɔt͡ɕin tɛɔˈdɔrɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc , within Sierpc County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Cheyenne County Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KSYF , FAA LID : SYF ) is a public airport located one mile ( 2 km ) south of the central business district of St. Francis , a city in Cheyenne County , Kansas , United States .
Coquihalla River Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located 25 km north of the town of Hope on BC Highway 5 adjacent to the Coquihalla River .
Nicollet Park is a former baseball ground located in Minneapolis , Minnesota , United States .
Tremezzo is a comune ( or municipality ) of some 1,300 people in the Province of Como , in the Italian region Lombardy .
The Gulf , Mobile and Ohio Passenger Terminal is a historic train station in Mobile , Alabama , United States .
Alektora ( Greek : Αλέκτορα , Turkish : Gökağaç ) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus , located 6 km north of Pissouri .
River Rock Casino Resort in Richmond , British Columbia is the largest casino in the province of British Columbia .
Fengman District ( simplified Chinese : 丰满区 ; traditional Chinese : 豐滿區 ; pinyin : Fēngmǎn Qū ) is a district of Jilin City , Jilin , People 's Republic of China .
Dobrush District , Dobrušski Rajon ( Belarusian : Добрушскі раён ) is a district of Gomel Region , in Belarus .
The Origins Institute ( OI ) is an interdisciplinary science research institute at McMaster University in Hamilton , Ontario .
The Mall at Turtle Creek is an enclosed shopping mall located in Jonesboro , Arkansas , United States .
Sarab - e Sofla ( Persian : سراب سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Sarāb - e Soflá ) is a village in Qohestan Rural District , Qohestan District , Darmian County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Maryam Negar ( Persian : مريمنگار‎ , also Romanized as Maryam Negār ) is a village in Dinavar Rural District , Dinavar District , Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Besni is a district of Adıyaman Province of Turkey , 44 km west of the city of Adıyaman .
Mamungari Conservation Park ( formerly known as Unnamed Conservation Park ) is a protected area located in South Australia within the southern Great Victoria Desert and northern Nullarbor Plain about 200 kilometres ( 120 mi ) west of Maralinga and 450 kilometres ( 280 mi ) northwest of Ceduna .
Young Arena is a 3,000-seat multi - purpose arena in Waterloo , Iowa , United States , and was built in 1994 .
Aggieville is the name of six square blocks consisting of college - age oriented bars , restaurants and shops in Manhattan , Kansas , USA .
Mossley Hill is a district of Liverpool , England and a Liverpool City Council Ward .
Archer County Courthouse and Jail is a historic courthouse building on Public Square and Sycamore and Pecan Streets in Archer City , Texas .
The Carmen IOOF Home , also known as or associated with The Carmen Home of Pentecostal Holiness Church , is an Odd Fellows building in Carmen , Oklahoma that was built in 1906 .
After the Old Royal High School was vacated in 1968 , the building became available and was refurbished to accommodate a new devolved legislature for Scotland .
The Murry Site is a prehistoric archaeological site located in Manor Township , Lancaster County , Pennsylvania .
Pontblyddyn is a small village outside Leeswood , in Flintshire , Wales and is situated around 8 miles from Wrexham .
The Federal University of Sergipe ( Portuguese : Universidade Federal de Sergipe , UFS ) is a Brazilian public institution based in Sergipe , with campi sprawling through the cities of São Cristóvão ( headquarters ) , Aracaju , Itabaiana , Laranjeiras and Lagarto .
Sadowo Pierwsze ( saˈdɔvɔ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Malbork , within Malbork County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Vinton Street Commercial Historic District is located along Vinton Street between Elm Street on the west and South 17th Street on the east in south Omaha , Nebraska .
Ashton Villa is a fully restored , historic home located on the corner of 24th and Broadway in Galveston , Texas , United States .
W.J.B. Greenwood Provincial Park is a non - operating recreational class park and protected area in the town of Latchford , Timiskaming District in Northeastern Ontario , Canada .
The Glasgow Railroad Bridge is four - span through truss bridge over the Missouri River belonging to the Kansas City Southern railroad between Howard County , Missouri and Saline County , Missouri .
Natitingou has an important administrative function and has some of the most important administrative bodies and services in the Atakora Department .
Habib Ishan ( Persian : حبيب ايشان‎ , also Romanized as Ḩabīb Īshān ) is a village in Mazraeh - ye Shomali Rural District , Voshmgir District , Aqqala County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Vápenná ( German Setzdorf ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Jeseník District in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic .
Lower Morden is an area within the district of Morden in south west corner of the London Borough of Merton , to the west of Morden Park and south of Raynes Park .
Silverdale Detention Center is a medium security prison located in Chattanooga , Tennessee .
Chaem Luang ( Thai : แจ่มหลวง ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Galyani Vadhana District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Newport Country Club , founded in 1893 , is a historic private golf club in Newport , Rhode Island , that hosted both the first U.S. Amateur Championship and the first U.S. Open in 1895 .
Pikestones is the remains of a Neolithic Burial Cairn , located on Anglezarke moor in Lancashire , England .
The House at 115 - 117 Jewett Street in the Newton Corner village of Newton , Massachusetts , is one of the city 's finest examples of the academic style of Second Empire design .
Habibpur ( Hindi : हबिबपुर ) is a census town in Bhagalpur district in the Indian state of Bihar .
Oud - Vossemeer is a village on the island of Tholen in the Dutch province of Zeeland .
Window on the Plains Museum offers displays of ranching , farming , industrial , business , and family life exhibits of the Texas Panhandle during the late 19th and 20th centuries .
The Pryor Brock Farmstead is a place on the National Register of Historic Places just west of Zionsville , Indiana , comprising 4.9 acres ( 20,000 m2 ) of what was once a 200-acre ( 0.81 km2 ) farm .
Yek Lang ( Persian : يكلنگ‎ ) is a village in Palangabad Rural District , Palangabad District , Eshtehard County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Mount Septimus is the western summit of a jagged mountain on Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada , located 50 km ( 31 mi ) southeast of Gold River and 10 km ( 6 mi ) south of Buttle Lake .
Indian Village State Preserve , or the Wittrock Indian Village State Preserve , is a state archaeological preserve near Sutherland , Iowa .
Bagh Yeri ( Persian : باغ يري‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh Yerī ; also known as Bāgh Barī ) is a village in Quri Chay - ye Gharbi Rural District , Saraju District , Maragheh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Bousta is a settlement on Mainland , in Shetland , Scotland .
Mashel is a census town in Ponda taluka , North Goa district in the state of Goa , India .
Wood Green is a district of north London , England , in the London Borough of Haringey .
The Basilica of San Martin de Mondoñedo is a church in the municipality of Foz in Galicia ( Spain ) .
The Hiram Ramsdell House , also known as the Octagon House , is an historic octagonal house located at High and Perham streets in Farmington , Maine .
Maybeck High School is a coeducational , independent , college preparatory high school located in Berkeley , California .
Kings Hill Pass is part of the Kings Hill Scenic Byway which passes through the Little Belt Mountains in the Lewis and Clark National Forest in Montana , United States .
Pacific Coast High School ( PCHS ) is a public alternative high school in Tustin , California .
The Cookeville Railroad Depot is a railroad depot in Cookeville , in the U.S. state of Tennessee .
Acadia National Park is a national park located in the U.S. state of Maine .
Karimdowlati ( Persian : كريمدولتي‎ , also Romanized as Karīmdowlatī ; also known as Moasseseh ) is a village in Mollasani Rural District , in the Central District of Bavi County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Qari Mazraehsi ( Persian : قاري مزرعه سي‎ , also Romanized as Qārī Mazra``ehsī ; also known as Qārī Mazra``ahsī ) is a village in Arshaq - e Gharbi Rural District , Moradlu District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 122 , in 23 families .
The Harwell Science and Innovation Campus is a science and technology campus near the villages of Harwell and Chilton , Oxfordshire , England .
The Convent Gallery is located in the Spa region of Daylesford , in Central Victoria , Australia .
Bid Geruiyeh ( Persian : بيدگروييه‎ , also Romanized as Bīd Gerū’īyeh and Bīd - e Gerū’īyeh ; also known as Bīd Gorū and Bīd Gūrū ) is a village in Golzar Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Padegan Nazami Shahrabad ( Persian : پادگان نظامي شهراباد‎ , also Romanized as Pādegān Naẓāmī Shahrābād ) is a village in Jeyransu Rural District , in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Ottawa Jail Hostel is a hostel operated by Hostelling International and located at 75 Nicholas Street in the city of Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Bahaabad - e Sofla ( Persian : بهاابادسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Bahāābād - e Soflá ) is a village in Mahmudabad - e Seyyed Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Malek Hasan Yarijan ( Persian : ملك حسن ياريجان‎ , also Romanized as Malek Ḩasan Yārījān ; also known as Malekḩasan ) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Bagh - e Bar Aftab ( Persian : باغ برافتاب‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Bar Āftāb ) is a village in Qarah Kahriz Rural District , Qarah Kahriz District , Shazand County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Mammoth Glacier is in the Bridger Wilderness of Bridger - Teton National Forest , in the U.S. state of Wyoming .
Kosew ( ˈkɔsɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świnice Warckie , within Łęczyca , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Portalegre District ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( puɾtɐˈlɛɣɾ(ɨ ) ) , Portuguese : Distrito de Portalegre ) is located in the south of Portugal .
Święcko ( ˈɕfjɛnt͡skɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodzko , within Kłodzko County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Gundershoffen ( German : Gundershofen ) is a commune in the Bas - Rhin department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Onondaga Creek is a major tributary of Onondaga Lake which is located in Onondaga County , New York .
Cheshmeh - ye Bagh ( Persian : چشمه باغ‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh - ye Bāgh ) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Dothan Municipal Airport is a closed airport located 3 miles ( 5 km ) west - northwest of Dothan , Alabama , United States .
Rainy Mountain is a rounded hill standing northwest apart from the main Wichita Mountains in Kiowa County , Oklahoma .
The Cleveland Botanical Garden , located in the University Circle neighborhood of Cleveland , Ohio , in the United States , was founded in 1930 as the Garden Center of Greater Cleveland .
The Pedernales River ( /ˌpɜrdəˈnælɨs/ PUR - də - NAL - iss ) is a tributary of the Colorado River , approximately 106 miles ( 171 km ) long , in central Texas in the United States .
Donalsonville Municipal Airport is an airport located 2 miles south of Donalsonville , Georgia .
Möhlin ( German pronunciation : ( ˈmøːlin ) ) is a municipality in the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
KRDG is a large commercial radio station in Redding , California , broadcasting to the Northern California area on 105.3 FM .
The Canton of Barneville - Carteret in France is a former canton situated in the department of Manche and the region of Basse - Normandie .
Jackton is a small village lying just beyond the western periphery of East Kilbride in South Lanarkshire , on the B764road ( otherwise known as the ' Eaglesham Road ' ) connecting it to the village of Eaglesham .
Ashley Ridge High School is a secondary school located in Dorchester County , South Carolina , USA , and is the newest high school in Dorchester School District 2 .
The Château d'Arcelot is a castle situated around 12 km ( 7.5 mi ) from Dijon in the Arceau commune of Côte - d'Or , France .
Dog Mountain rises above the north side of the Columbia River Gorge in the U.S. state of Washington .
Montgomery Middle School ( Monty Middle ) is a middle school located in Coquitlam , British Columbia , Canada .
High Point Raceway is a motocross track in Mount Morris , Pennsylvania .
Tsekone Ridge , also known as Tsekone Peak and Black Knight Cone , is a subglacial mound that sits out by itself in the Desolation Lava Field in northwestern British Columbia , Canada .
Window Rock Airport ( ICAO : KRQE , FAA LID : RQE , formerly P34 ) is a public use airport located one nautical mile ( 2 km ) south of the central business district of Window Rock , in Apache County , Arizona , United States .
Hoi Sham Island ( Chinese : 海心島 ) , also called To Kwa Wan Island ( 土瓜灣島 ) , is a former island in Kowloon Bay off the coast at an urban and bay of To Kwa Wan of Kowloon Peninsula in Hong Kong .
Hulun Lake ( simplified Chinese : 呼伦湖 ; traditional Chinese : 呼倫湖 ; pinyin : Hūlún Hú ; Mongolian : hölön nuur , lit . foot lake ) or Dalai Lake ( Mongolian : Dalai nuur , lit . ocean lake ) , is a lake in Inner Mongolia , China .
Trinity Repertory Company ( commonly abbreviated as Trinity Rep ) is a non - profit regional theater located at 201 Washington Street in Providence , Rhode Island .
Mędrzyki ( mɛnˈdʐɨki ) ( German : Lauterbach ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelkowo , within Braniewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Pikhi Hajji ( Persian : پيخي حاجي‎ , also Romanized as Pīkhī Ḩājjī ; also known as Pījī Ḩājjī ) is a village in Jafarbay - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Torkaman County , Golestan Province , Iran .
King Lear Peak is a summit in the Jackson Mountains of Humboldt County , Nevada , overlooking the Black Rock Desert to the west .
The Arboretum Park Härle ( 4.7 hectares ) is a nonprofit arboretum located on the slopes of the Rhine Valley between Bonn and the Seven Mountains at Büchelstraße 40 , Bonn , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
The Long Branch Variety Show is a western saloon show presented in the Long Branch Saloon located at Boot Hill Museum , a non - profit entertainment and museum theme park , in Dodge City , Kansas .
The Shops at Willow Bend is an upscale shopping mall located in Plano , Texas , with over 125 stores and three main anchors .
Pine Ridge Airport ( IATA : XPR , ICAO : KIEN , FAA LID : IEN ) is a public use airport located two nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) east of the central business district of Pine Ridge , in Oglala Lakota County , South Dakota , United States .
Cheshmeh Tabari ( Persian : چشمه طبري‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Ţabarī ) is a village in Tabar Rural District , Jolgeh Shoqan District , Jajrom County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Azdaran ( Persian : ازداران‎ , also Romanized as Azdārān ) is a village in Chehel Chay Rural District , in the Central District of Minudasht County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Ben Chifley Dam , or Chifley Dam , is a rock and earth - fill embankment dam across the Campbells River in the central west region of New South Wales , Australia .
Fifth Church of Christ , Scientist is an historic Classical Revival - style Christian Science church building located at 9 East 43rd Street near Madison Avenue and Grand Central Terminal in Manhattan , New York City .
The Kubert School , formerly the Joe Kubert School of Cartoon and Graphic Art or Joe Kubert School , located in Dover , New Jersey , is a three - year technical school that teaches the principles of sequential art and the particular craft of the comics industry as well as commercial illustration .
Saduny ( saˈdunɨ ) ( German Sdunkeim ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Qomsheh - ye Seyyed Amin ( Persian : قمشه سيدامين‎ , also Romanized as Qomsheh - ye Seyyed Amīn ) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District , Mahidasht District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Bucharzewo ( buxaˈʐɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieraków , within Międzychód County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Sheykh Besharat ( Persian : شيخ بشارت‎ , also Romanized as Sheykh Beshārat ) is a village in Korani Rural District , Korani District , Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Mateuszowo ( matɛuˈʂɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
The Petersburg Tollhouse , now located in the hamlet of Addison , Pennsylvania , United States , was the first tollhouse that travelers encountered while on the National Road heading west into Pennsylvania .
Wielkie Walichnowy ( ˈvjɛlkʲɛ valixˈnɔvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniew , within Tczew County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Mondragone is a comune or municipality in the Province of Caserta in the Italian region of Campania .
Martew ( ˈmartɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczno , within Wałcz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Campbellford Memorial Hospital is an Ontario class C and class G 34-bed hospital in the community of Campbellford , municipality of Trent Hills , Northumberland County in central Ontario , Canada .
Pir Basafa ( Persian : پيرباصفا‎ , also Romanized as Pīr Bāşafā ) is a village in Aliabad - e Malek Rural District , in the Central District of Arsanjan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Buyaqchilu ( Persian : بوياقچي لو‎ , also Romanized as Būyāqchīlū ; also known as Būyāghchelū ) is a village in Gerdeh Rural District , in the Central District of Namin County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Madrisa ( or Madrisahorn ) is a mountain in the Rätikon mountain range , overlooking Klosters in the Swiss canton of Graubünden .
Khosuyeh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان خسويه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Zarrin Dasht County , Fars Province , Iran .
Someyl Ali ( Persian : سميل علي‎ , also Romanized as Someyl `` Alī ) is a village in Baghak Rural District , in the Central District of Tangestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 31 , in 4 families .
Escolta Street is a historic east - west street located in the old downtown district of Binondo in Manila , Philippines .
Mortąg ( ˈmɔrtɔnk ) ( German Mortung ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Dzierzgoń , within Sztum County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Rosetown is a town in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan , at the junction of provincial Highway 7 and Highway 4 , approximately 115 km southwest of Saskatoon .
Pesteh ( Persian : پسته‎ , also Romanized as Pisteh ) is a village in Qaleh Zari Rural District , Jolgeh - e Mazhan District , Khusf County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Kiełbasy ( kʲɛu̯ˈbasɨ ) ( German : Kelbassen , 1935 - 45:Wehrberg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozogi , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Dennis Melcher Pottery and House are historic structures located southwest of Danville , Iowa , United States .
Bengbu ( Chinese : 蚌埠 ; pinyin : Bèngbù ; Wade -- Giles : Peng - pu ) is a mid - sized city in northern Anhui Province , China .
Kittanning Junior High School ( KJHS ) is a small middle school in Kittanning , Armstrong County , Pennsylvania .
Liptovský Mikuláš District ( okres Liptovský Mikuláš ) is a district in the eastern part of Žilina Region of central Slovakia .
Nurstead ( or Nursted ) is a locality , ecclesiastical parish and former civil parish situated 3 miles south of Gravesend and ½ a mile north of Meopham , Kent , England .
Chettimedu is a small village in Sembanarkoil Taluk in the Nagapattinam District of Tamil Nadu State , India .
Chitvel is a village in Kadapa district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
The Corvallis Hotel , located in Corvallis , Oregon , is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Tappeh Nader ( Persian : تپه نادر‎ , also Romanized as Tappeh Nāder ) is a village in Abravan Rural District , Razaviyeh District , Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Gisara urf Gidhsara ( Hindi : गिसरा उर्फ़ गिद्सरा ) is an area in the Sitamarhi district of the state of Bihar , in north - east India .
Situated at the southern slope of the Uetliberg mountain , Friesenberg was formerly a part of Wiedikon municipality , which was incorporated into Zurich in 1893 .
Singerd ( Persian : سينگرد‎ , also Romanized as Sīngerd and Sīngard ; also known as Sangird ) is a village in Zayandeh Rud - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Faridan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Zawodne ( zaˈvɔdnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów , within Piaseczno County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The J. Lawrence Walkup Skydome is an indoor multi - purpose stadium in the western United States , located on the campus of Northern Arizona University ( NAU ) in Flagstaff , Arizona .
New Farm Park is a public park located in the suburb of New Farm , in Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
The Château de Largoët ( French pronunciation : ​(ʃɑtod laʁɡoɛt ) ) , also known as the Tours d’Elven ( Elven Towers ) , is a medieval castle in Elven , in the Morbihan département of France , 13 km from Vannes .
Burt Lake is a 17,120 acre ( 69 km² ) lake in Cheboygan County in the U.S. state of Michigan .
WWWI - FM ( 95.9 FM , `` KQ 96 '' ) is a radio station licensed to Pillager , Minnesota , and serving the Brainerd Lakes Area .
Yangzhen ( simplified Chinese : 杨镇 ; traditional Chinese : 楊鎮 ; pinyin : Yáng Zhèn ) is town situated in the Shunyi District of Beijing .
Oakbrook Center is a shopping center located near Interstate 88 in Oak Brook , Illinois .
Gilamolk ( Persian : گيلاملك‎ , also Romanized as Gīlāmolk ) is a village in Bibalan Rural District , Kelachay District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Shellingford , historically also spelt Shillingford , is a village and civil parish about 2 1⁄2 miles ( 4 km ) south - east of Faringdon in the Vale of White Horse in Oxfordshire , England .
Al - Alani ( Arabic : العلاني‎ , also spelled al - Alini or al - Lani ) is a town in northwestern Syria , administratively part of the Idlib Governorate , just east of the Syrian - Turkish border .
Bafrajerd ( Persian : بفراجرد‎ , also Romanized as Bafrājerd ; also known asVarāvard ) is a village in Khanandabil - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Khalkhal County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Sanming ( Chinese : 三明 ; pinyin : Sānmíng ; Foochow Romanized : Săng - mìng ) ) is a prefecture - level city in western Fujian province , China .
Shahdad Shahiki ( Persian : شهدادشهيکي‎ , also Romanized as Shahdād Shahīkī ) is a village in Rigan Rural District , in the Central District of Rigan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Bursdon is a village in north west Devon , England .
The Faust Landmark , formerly known as the Faust Hotel ( or Hotel Faust ) and Tebala Towers , is located on East State Street , is one of the largest buildings in downtown Rockford , Illinois , United States .
Botngård is a village which is also the administrative centre of the municipality of Bjugn in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Jalalabad - e Marbin ( Persian : جلال ابادماربين‎ , also Romanized as Jalālābād - e Mārbīn ; also known as Jalālābād ) is a village in Zazeran Rural District , in the Central District of Falavarjan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Yuhuatai Memorial Park of Revolutionary Martyrs ( 雨花台烈士陵园 ) is a park and tourist site in the Yuhuatai District of Nanjing , Jiangsu Province , China .
Amlak ( Persian : املاك‎ , also Romanized as Amlāk ) is a village in Jereh Rural District , Jereh and Baladeh District , Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Wolfershausen is one of the sixteen constituent communities that form the town of Felsberg in Schwalm - Eder - Kreis , North Hesse , Germany .
Thirumalapur is a small village in doulthabad Mandal and Medak district , Telangana , India .
Salperton is a village in the Cotswolds about 8 miles ( 13 km ) east of Cheltenham in Gloucestershire .
Harbayeh - ye Shalageh ( Persian : حربايه شلاگه‎ , also Romanized as Ḩarbāyeh - ye Shalāgeh ; also known as Ḩarbābeh - ye Shalāgeh ) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District , in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Estijak ( Persian : استيجك‎ , also Romanized as Estījak ; also known as Ashtajak and Īstījak ) is a village in Bayat Rural District , Nowbaran District , Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Tronfjellet or just Tron ( official form on maps : Tronden ) is a prominent mountain close to Alvdal , Hedmark , Norway .
Chah - e Tangal ( Persian : چاه تنگل‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Tangal ) is a village in Sedeh Rural District , Sedeh District , Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Warendorf Railway ( German : Warendorfer Bahn ) is a single - track branch line from Münster via Warendorf to Rheda - Wiedenbrück in the German state of North Rhine - Westphalia .
The Anson Brown Building is the oldest extant commercial building in Ann Arbor , Michigan .
Neilburg is small village located in mid - west Saskatchewan .
The Hardyston Township School District is a community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through eighth grade from Hardyston Township , in Sussex County , New Jersey , United States .
The Saskatoon Minor Football Field at Gordon Howe Park ( formerly known as Gordie Howe Bowl ) is a football stadium located in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Drogoniów ( drɔˈɡɔɲuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sól , within Nowa Sól County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Old Main , University of Arizona , originally known as the University of Arizona , School of Agriculture building , was the first building constructed on the University of Arizona campus in Tucson , Arizona , United States .
George Abbott Way is a section of West 45th Street northwest of Times Square in New York City , named for famed Broadway producer and director George Abbott .
Wola - Krysk ( ˈvɔla ˈkrɨsk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Cham Chang ( Persian : چم چنگ‎ ) is a village in Saman Rural District , Saman District , Shahrekord County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
The Henry Art Gallery ( `` The Henry '' ) is the art museum of the University of Washington in Seattle , Washington , USA .
Dair Mar Elia ( Syriac : ܕܝܪܐ ܕܡܪܝ ܐܝܠܝܐ‎ , Arabic : دير مار إيليا‎ ) , also known as Saint Elijah 's Monastery , was a Christian monastery located just south of Mosul , in the Nineveh Governorate , Iraq .
Chase Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located around Carina and Tomias Lakes , 70 km north of Germansen Landing in the Omineca Mountains just to the west of the Finlay Arm of Williston Lake .
The Home Building Association Bank ( or Home Building Association Company ) is a historic building located at 1 North Third Street in Newark , Ohio , and was designed by noted Chicago architect Louis Sullivan .
Saragah ( Persian : سراگاه‎ , also Romanized as Sarāgāh ) is a village in Saheli - ye Jokandan Rural District , in the Central District of Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Georgetown College Historic Buildings are a group of historically significant building located on the campus of Georgetown College in Scott County , Kentucky .
Horyszów - Nowa Kolonia ( xɔˈrɨʂuf ˈnɔva kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sitno , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Julia Richman High School is a defunct comprehensive high school in Manhattan , New York .
Taszów ( ˈtaʂuf ) ( German : Tassau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Kłodzki , within Kłodzko County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Barony of Ladyland was in the old feudal Baillerie of Cunninghame , near Kilbirnie in what is now North Ayrshire , Scotland .
The Theater in der Leopoldstadt ( also : Leopoldstädter Theater ) was an opera house in Vienna , founded in 1781 by Karl von Marinelli , following the Schauspielfreiheit ( ending of the court 's monopoly on entertainment ) by Joseph II in 1776 .
Zayegan ( Persian : زايگان‎ , also Romanized as Zāyegān and Zāygān ) is a village in Rudbar - e Qasran Rural District , Rudbar - e Qasran District , Shemiranat County , Tehran Province , Iran .
WQJQ ( 100.3 FM , Magic 100.3 ) is a 100-watt radio station broadcasting an adult contemporary music format simulcasting co - owned WGMT and is licensed to Barton , Vermont , USA .
Chahar Borj - e Sofla ( Persian : چهاربرج سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Chahār Borj - e Soflá ; also known as Chahār Borj - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Garmkhan Rural District , Garmkhan District , Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Perth Bible College ( PBC ) ( previously the Perth Bible Institute ) is an Evangelical interdenominational Bible college in Perth , Western Australia .
Chaganam Rajupalem is a village panchayath located in the Sydapuram Mandal , Nellore district of Andhra - Pradesh state , India .
Bid Darreh ( Persian : بيددره‎ , also Romanized as Bīd Darreh ; also known as Baidarreh , Bīdar , Bīdāreh , and Bīdarreh ) is a village in Kumasi Rural District , in the Central District of Marivan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Piz Curvér is a mountain of the Oberhalbstein Range , between Andeer and Savognin , in the canton of Graubünden .
Pambula River is an open semi - mature wave dominated barrier estuary or perennial river located in the South Coast region of New South Wales , Australia .
Tanera Mòr ( Scottish Gaelic : Tannara Mòr ) is an uninhabited ( previously inhabited ) island in Loch Broom in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland .
Lamson Farm , whose earliest components date to the 1770s , is a working farm and town - owned conservation land in Mont Vernon , New Hampshire .
Sommatino ( Sicilian : Summatinu ) is a town ( municipality ) in the Province of Caltanissetta in the Italian region Sicily , located about 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) southeast of Palermo and about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) southwest of Caltanissetta .
The National Civil Rights Museum is a complex of museums and historic buildings in Memphis , Tennessee ; its exhibits trace the history of the Civil Rights Movement in the United States from the 17th century to the present .
Eastridge is a 1.4 million square foot ( GLA ) shopping mall owned by General Growth Properties , and located in between Tully Road , East Capitol Expressway , and Quimby Road in eastern San Jose , California .
Levi 's Stadium is a football stadium located in Santa Clara , California , in the San Francisco Bay Area .
Mata Grande is a municipality located at the north - western corner of the Brazilian state of Alagoas .
The Jurupa Mountains are a small mountain range of the Peninsular Ranges System , located in the southeastern Pomona Valley , within northwestern Riverside County and southwestern San Bernardino County of the Inland Empire region , southern California .
Nebušice is a district of Prague 6 .
WNCB , known as `` B93.9 '' , is a country music radio station that serves the Raleigh - Durham market of North Carolina .
Mrozowo ( mrɔˈzɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadki , within Nakło County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The McIntire Garrison House is an historic house on Cider Hill Road ( Maine State Route 91 ) in York , Maine .
Sant Josep de sa Talaia ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈsaɲ ʒuˈzɛb də sə təˈɫajə ) , Spanish : San José Obrero ) is a village and municipality of the Balearic Islands in western Ibiza .
The Wile Carding Mill is a defunct carding mill , in Bridgewater , Nova Scotia , Canada .
Frain Kalan is a village in the mandal of Narwana , in Jind district in the Indian state of Haryana .
The Tanzilla Plateau is a plateau in the Stikine Country of the Northern Interior of British Columbia , Canada .
Vanavanmahadevi is a village in the Nagapattinam district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Hirschhorn ( Neckar ) is a small town in the Bergstraße district of Hesse , Germany , and is known as `` The Pearl of the Neckar valley '' .
Coffeen Lake State Fish and Wildlife Area is an Illinois state park on 297 acres ( 120 ha ) in Montgomery County , Illinois , United States just south of Coffeen .
Mirabad - e Abadi ( Persian : ميرابادعبدي‎ , also Romanized as Mīrābād - e ʿAbadī ; also known as Mīrābād ) is a village in Jahadabad Rural District , in the Central District of Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The North County Transit District ( NCTD ) ( reporting mark SDNX ) is the agency responsible for public transportation in North San Diego County , California , United States .
The Boulevard Beaumarchais is a boulevard of the 3rd , 4th and 11th arrondissement of Paris .
Melakuppam ( Tamil : மேலகுப்பம் ) is one of the revenue village in Cuddalore district of Indian state , Tamil Nadu .
Godar - e Kabk ( Persian : گداركبك‎ , also Romanized as Godār - e Kabk ) is a village in Dowrahan Rural District , Gandoman District , Borujen County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Moorsel is a village in the Denderstreek in the province East Flanders in Belgium , a deelgemeente of the city of Aalst .
Shuangcheng District ( simplified Chinese : 双城区 ; traditional Chinese : 雙城區 ; pinyin : Shuāngchéng Qū ) is one of nine districts of Harbin , the capital of Heilongjiang province , People 's Republic of China , covering part of the southwestern suburbs .
Piz Badile ( 3,308 m ) is a mountain of the Bregaglia range in the Swiss canton of Graubünden and the Italian region of Lombardy , the border between the two countries running along the summit ridge .
The Château de Roquetaillade ( French : ( ʁɔk.tɑ.jad ) ) is a castle in Mazères ( near Bordeaux ) , in the French département of Gironde .
Waldomore , also known as The Waldomore , is a two - story Neo - Classical brick mansion located in uptown Clarksburg , West Virginia , United States .
The Château de Castelnau - Bretenoux is a castle in the commune of Prudhomat , Lot département , France .
Saville Dam is an earthen embankment dam with masonry work on the eastern branch of the Farmington River 4 kilometres ( 2.5 mi ) southwest of Barkhamsted , Connecticut .
The Boundary Peak Wilderness is a protected wilderness area in the White Mountains of Esmeralda County , in the western section of the state of Nevada in the western United States .
Commune of Musongati is a commune of Rutana Province in southeastern Burundi .
WildWater Adventure is a water park in Muskegon , Michigan , located next door to Michigan 's Adventure , and owned by Cedar Fair Entertainment Company Admission is included in the Michigan 's Adventure ticket .
Kandyagash ( Kazakh : Қандыағаш ) is a town and the administrative center of Mugalzhar District in Aktobe Region of western Kazakhstan .
Łęsko ( ˈwɛ̃skɔ ) ( German : Karlsbach ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów , within Goleniów County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Sar Tang - e Bala ( Persian : سرتنگ بالا‎ , also Romanized as Sar Tang - e Bālā ) is a village in Rostaq Rural District , Rostaq District , Darab County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Enmore Theatre is a theatre and entertainment venue in Sydney , since opening in 1908 it is the longest running live music venue still operational in New South Wales .
Rock Island High School , also known as `` Rocky '' , is a public four - year high school located in Rock Island , Illinois , USA .
The Clayton - Marsh Creek - Greenville Fault is a fault located in the eastern San Francisco Bay Area of California , in Alameda County and Contra Costa County .
Ballybay ( Irish : Béal Átha Beithe , meaning `` mouth of the ford of the birch '' ) is a town in County Monaghan in Ireland , centered on the crossroads of the R183 and R162 regional roads .
Penart ( Persian : پنارت‎ , also Romanized as Penārt ) is a village in Hombarat Rural District , in the Central District of Ardestan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Semadoh is a village located in dense Melghat Tiger Reserve in Dharni Tahsil , Amravati District , Maharashtra .
Aukena is the 4th largest of the Gambier Islands in French Polynesia .
WPEZ ( 93.7 FM , `` Z 93.7 '' ) is an American radio station serving the Macon , Georgia , area with an adult contemporary format .
The Escoe Building , also known as the Simmons Building , was at 228 - 230 N. 2nd St. , Muskogee , Oklahoma .
Ompton is a village in Nottinghamshire , England , three miles south - east of Ollerton .
Savat ( Persian : ساوات‎ , also Romanized as Sāvāt ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bam County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Nowadays , Prenj falls almost entirely within the territory of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
WMKX is a classic / modern rock music formatted radio station for northwestern Pennsylvania , broadcasting at 105.5 FM .
Cherla is a mandal in Khammam district .
Ezz od Din ( Persian : عزالدين‎ , also Romanized as `` Ezz od Dīn , `` Azzaddīn , and `` Azz od Dīn ) is a village in Bazarjan Rural District , in the Central District of Tafresh County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 192 , in 65 families .
Qaleh Qazi District ( Persian : بخش قلعه قاضی‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Rybical ( rɨˈbit͡sal ) ( German Rübenzahl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryn , within Giżycko County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Riwasa is a village ( Dhani ) in Tosham tehsil of the Bhiwani District in Haryana , North India .
Cămărzana ( Hungarian : Komorzán , Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈkomorzaːn ) ) is a commune of 2,304 inhabitants situated in Satu Mare County , Romania .
Florence Regional Airport ( IATA : FLO , ICAO : KFLO , FAA LID : FLO ) is a public airport three miles east of Florence , in Florence County , South Carolina .
Salman Davud ( Persian : سلمان داود‎ , also Romanized as Salmān Dāvūd ) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District , Shavur District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Chubdar ( Persian : چوبدر‎ , also Romanized as Chūbdār ; also known as Chobdarreh , Chobdarrekh , and Chūb Darreh ) is a village in Ilat - e Qaqazan - e Gharbi Rural District , Kuhin District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
The Twin Range is a mountain range within the White Mountains of New Hampshire .
Balkut ( Persian : بلكوت‎ , also Romanized as Balkūt ) is a village in Shuil Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Shush Ab ( Persian : شوشاب‎ , also Romanized as Shūsh Āb ; also known as Shūshābād ) is a village in Haram Rud - e Olya Rural District , in the Central District of Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Basilica of St. Donatian and St. Rogatian ( French : Basilique Saint - Donatien - et - Saint - Rogatien ) is a Roman Catholic minor basilica in Nantes , France .
Ikermiut is a former settlement in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland .
The Acueducto de los Milagros ( English : Miraculous Aqueduct ) is a ruined Roman aqueduct bridge , part of the aqueduct built to supply water to the Roman colony of Emerita Augusta , today Mérida , Spain .
Gitari ( Persian : گيتري‎ , also Romanized as Gītarī and Gītrī ) is a village in Javar Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhbanan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Constitution Building is an 11 story Canadian office building in Ottawa , Ontario .
Eastend is a town in southwest Saskatchewan , Canada .
Truckee Tahoe Airport ( IATA : TKF , ICAO : KTRK , FAA LID : TRK ) is a public airport two miles east of Truckee , California , United States .
Central Penn College is a private college located in Summerdale , Pennsylvania , a suburb of Harrisburg in the United States .
The Fuchskaute is an extinct volcano and , at 657.3 m above sea level ( NHN ) , the highest mountain of the Westerwald and the county of Westerwaldkreis in the German state of Rhineland - Palatinate .
Rich Knob , elevation 4,152 feet , is located in Towns County , Georgia .
Jub Khaleh - ye Sofla ( Persian : جوب خله سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Jūb Khaleh - ye Soflá and Jūbkhaleh - ye Soflá ; also known as Jūb Khaleh - ye Pā’īn and Jūy Khaleh Pā’īn ) is a village in Komehr Rural District , in the Central District of Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
McLeese Lake , originally Mud Lake , is a lake in the Cariboo region of British Columbia , Canada .
Hooghly district ( /ˈhuːɡliː/ ) is one of the districts of the state of West Bengal in India .
The Baltimore School for the Arts ( BSA ) is a public arts high school located in Baltimore , Maryland , and is part of its public school system .
The Little Falls Meetinghouse is a historic Friends meeting house located at Fallston , Harford County , Maryland , United States .
The City of Hialeah Educational Academy , abbreviated as HEA , and also known as EA , is a public charter school in Hialeah , Florida .
Kwaśniów Górny ( ˈkfaɕɲuf ˈɡurnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klucze , within Olkusz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Allanwater Bridge railway station is located in the Allan Water area of the Canadian province of Ontario , just west of where the railway line crosses the river Allan Water over a truss bridge .
Berkey and Gay Furniture Company Factory is a historic manufacturing plant in Grand Rapids , Michigan .
The Hollis Street Church ( 1732 - 1887 ) in Boston , Massachusetts , was a Congregational ( 1732 - ca.1800 ) and Unitarian ( ca.1800 - 1887 ) church .
Thunderbird School of Global Management at Arizona State University ( or simply Thunderbird ) is a management school located in the United States , and a part of Arizona State University .
Nong Tong ( Thai : หนองตอง ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Hang Dong District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Aubrey Cliffs are a series of cliff escarpments located in Coconino County , in northwestern Arizona .
Farizan - e Sofla ( Persian : فريزن سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Farīzan - e Soflá ) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kedreng ( Persian : كدرنگ‎ ; also known as Kedrīng ) is a village in Gevar Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Bhander is a town and a nagar panchayat in Datia district in the state of Madhya Pradesh .
Nowy Kiełbów ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈkʲɛu̯buf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Błotnica , within Białobrzegi County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Lord Baltimore Hotel is located at 20 West Baltimore Street in the downtown area of Baltimore , Maryland .
Glendale Jr / Sr High School is a public school in Glendale , Oregon , United States serving middle- and high school - aged students .
Ayyallur is a village located in Mattanur Municipality in the Indian state of Kerala .
KRMN - LP ( 101.1 FM ) is a College radio station licensed to serve Mena , Arkansas .
Little Glemham is a small village on the A12 road , in the Suffolk Coastal District , in the county of Suffolk .
Prospect Hill Academy Charter School ( PHA ) is K-12 college preparatory public charter school located on three campuses in Somerville , Massachusetts and Cambridge , Massachusetts .
The Hinson Mounds ( 8Cr180 ) comprise an archeological site in Collier County , Florida near Miles City .
Boqrai ( Persian : بقرايي‎ , also Romanized as Boqrā’ī ; also known as Boqrá ) is a village in Zirkuh Rural District , Central District , Zirkuh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Dudley Observatory is an astronomical observatory located in Schenectady , New York , United States .
Long Point Provincial Park is an Ontario provincial park on the northwest shore of Lake Erie near Port Rowan , Ontario , Canada .
Tingley is a settlement in West Yorkshire , England , forming part of the parish of West Ardsley and of the City of Leeds metropolitan borough .
Farrokh Pey ( Persian : فرخ پي‎ ; also known as Sa``dūnī ) is a village in Nasar Rural District , Arvandkenar District , Abadan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 523 , in 97 families .
The Kendall Island Migratory Bird Sanctuary ( KIBS ) is a migratory bird sanctuary in the Northwest Territories , Canada .
KOVC ( 1490 AM ) is a radio station based in Valley City , North Dakota , USA .
Paluzy ( paˈluzɨ ) ( German Plausen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bisztynek , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Cotgrave is a town and civil parish in the borough of Rushcliffe in Nottinghamshire , England .
Qodratabad - e Bala ( Persian : قدرت ابادبالا‎ , also Romanized as Qodratābād - e Bālā ) is a village in Posht Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Narmashir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Matrei in Osttirol is a market town in the Lienz District in the Austrian state of Tyrol ( East Tyrol ) .
The Bärenplatz ( Bear Plaza ) is a plaza in the Old City of Bern , the medieval city center of Bern , Switzerland .
The Verlaine Message Museum or Museum of 5 June 1944 is a historical museum founded in 1991 in Tourcoing , France , near Lille .
Borough Briggs is a football ground in Elgin , Moray , Scotland .
General Byng School is a Kindergarten to Grade 9 school located in the south end of Winnipeg , Manitoba .
Naden - e Sofla ( Persian : ندن سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Naden - e Soflá ; also known as Naden - e Pā’īn , Nadeng - e Pā’īn , and Nadeng Pā’īn ) is a village in Jolgeh Rural District , in the Central District of Behabad County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Halistra ( Scottish Gaelic : Halastra ) , is a small crofting township located on the west coast of the Waternish peninsula , overlooking Loch Bay , on the island of Skye , Scotland .
Ziqan ( Persian : زيقان‎ , also Romanized as Zīqān ; also known as Zīqūn ) is a village in Pol Beh Pain Rural District , Simakan District , Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Stocka is a locality situated in Nordanstig Municipality , Gävleborg County , Sweden with 382 inhabitants in 2010 .
The Irvington Bowman Apartments is an apartment complex located in northeast Portland , Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Nakin ( Persian : ناكين‎ , also Romanized as Nākīn ) is a village in Darjazin - e Olya Rural District , Qorveh - e Darjazin District , Razan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Kuy - e Raz ( Persian : كوي راز‎ , also Romanized as Kūy - e Rāz ) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District , Chaharbagh District , Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Haypenny Bay is nearly a mile long stretch of beach located directly south of Christiansted in Company Quarter on the southeastern shore of St Croix United States Virgin Islands .
Bala Afrakoti ( Persian : بالاافراكتي‎ , also Romanized as Bālā Afrākotī ) is a village in Bisheh Sar Rural District , in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Tall - e Siah - ye Ludab ( Persian : تل سياه لوداب‎ , also Romanized as Tall - e Sīāh - ye Lūdāb ) is a village in Ludab Rural District , Ludab District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Bloor Collegiate Institute ( Bloor CI , BCI , or Bloor , originally Davenport High School and Bloor High School ) is a public secondary school located at the intersection of Bloor Street and Dufferin Street in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Mount Boyce is located 2 kilometres ( 1.2 mi ) north of Blackheath , in New South Wales , Australia .
Lawrence Smith Memorial Airport ( ICAO : KLRY , FAA LID : LRY ) is a city owned , public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) south of the central business district of Harrisonville , a city in Cass County , Missouri , United States .
Yuba State Park is a state park of Utah , USA , featuring the Yuba Reservoir on the Sevier River .
Mehdinlu ( Persian : مهدينلو‎ , also Romanized as Mehdīnlū and Mahdīnlū ; also known as Mehdīlū ) is a village in Shurakat - e Jonubi Rural District , Ilkhchi District , Osku County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Sobniów ( ˈsɔbɲuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasło , within Jasło County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
The Assabet River Rail Trail is a multi - use path under construction in Marlborough , Hudson , Stow , Maynard , and Acton in Massachusetts .
Dandu Gopalapuram is a village and panchayat in Santha Bommali mandal , Srikakulam district of Andhra Pradesh , India .
Coney Island Fire Station Pumping Station is a historic pumping station located in Brooklyn , New York , New York .
Little Cedar Lake ( or Petit lac des Cèdres ) is a 2.5 mile - long lake located in Messines , Quebec , 90 minutes from Ottawa .
Palazzo Schifanoia is a Renaissance palace in Ferrara , Emilia - Romagna ( Italy ) built for the Este family .
Del Mar Landing State Marine Reserve ( SMR ) is a marine protected area that lies onshore , about two miles ( 3 km ) south of the town of Gualala and three and a half miles north of Sea Ranch in Sonoma County on California 's north central coast .
Cohoes City Hall is located at 97 Mohawk Street in the city of Cohoes , New York , United States .
Kandalat ( Persian : كندلات‎ , also Romanized as Kandalāt and Kandelāt ; also known as Gandelāt , Kandah Lat , and Kandeh Lāt ) is a village in Blukat Rural District , Rahmatabad and Blukat District , Rudbar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Ru Darya ( Persian : رودريا‎ , also Romanized as Rū Daryā ; also known as Rūd Daryā ) is a village in Bakesh - e Yek Rural District , in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Kidów ( ˈkiduf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilica , within Zawiercie County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Malai District ( Khmer : ស្រុកម៉ាឡៃ , `` Mountains of Malaya '' ) is a district ( srok ) in the south west of Banteay Meanchey Province , in north - western Cambodia .
Kershopefoot is a small hamlet in Cumbria , England , formerly in Cumberland .
Tuszkowo ( tuʂˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno , within Sępólno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Christ Church Picture Gallery is an art museum at Christ Church , one of the colleges of Oxford University in England .
Nowy Dwór Wejherowski ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈdvur vɛi̯xɛˈrɔfski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wejherowo , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Palamaner or Palamaneru is a town in Chittoor district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
Denmark Hill is an area and road in Camberwell , in the London Borough of Southwark .
Mount McKay is a mafic sill located south of Thunder Bay , Ontario , Canada , on the Indian Reserve of the Fort William First Nation .
Kong Chow Temple ( traditional Chinese : 岡州古廟 ; simplified Chinese : 冈州古庙 ; pinyin : Gāngzhōu Gǔmiào ; Jyutping : gong1 zau1 gu2 miu6 ) is a temple dedicated to Guan Di , located in the Chinatown neighborhood of San Francisco , California , in the United States .
Sussex County Courthouse and the Circle is a historic courthouse located at The Circle in Georgetown , Sussex County , Delaware .
Bognie Castle ( also called Conzie Castle ) is a ruined castle near Huntly , in the Aberdeenshire region of Scotland .
Cowan Mill ( also known as the Aurora Mill or Cowan Woolen Company Mill ) was an historic mill at Island Mill Street in Lewiston , Maine .
Prarostino is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 40 kilometres ( 25 miles ) southwest of Turin , at the confluence of Val Chisone and Val Pellice .
Amirabad District ( Persian : بخش امیرآباد‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Damghan County , Semnan Province , Iran .
The Florence Firehouse is located at 8415 North 29th Street in the Florence neighborhood in the north end of Omaha , Nebraska .
The Menil Collection , located in Houston , Texas , USA , refers either to a museum that houses the private art collection of founders John de Menil and Dominique de Menil , or to the collection itself of approximately 17,000 paintings , sculptures , prints , drawings , photographs and rare books .
The Ludlow Monument is a granite memorial by sculptor Hugh Sullivan erected by the United Mine Workers of America ( UMWA ) at the Ludlow Tent Colony Site near Ludlow , Colorado in 1918 to honor the victims of the Ludlow massacre .
Gardens Oval was originally an AFL oval and now a cricket ground in Darwin , Northern Territory , Australia .
Chenar Khatun ( Persian : چنارخاتون‎ , also Romanized as Chenār Khātūn ) is a village in Dorud Rural District , in the Central District of Dorud County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Mauranipur is a city and a municipal board in Jhansi district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh , India .
Ghafel ( Persian : غافل‎ , also Romanized as Ghāfel ) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District , in the Central District of Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Askern is a town and civil parish within the Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster , in South Yorkshire , England .
WHYC ( 88.5 FM ) is an American educational non - profit radio station liicensed to serve the community of Swan Quarter , North Carolina .
Cropley Lake is an alpine lake in the City and Borough of Juneau , Alaska , United States .
Skyline Apartments is a skyscraper in Brisbane , Queensland , Australia located in the CBD residential precinct known as Petrie Bight .
KGFT is a Christian talk radio station in Colorado Springs , Colorado broadcasting at 100.7 FM .
Mount Whyte is a mountain in Alberta , Canada located in Banff National Park , near Lake Louise .
O'Brien 's Tower marks the highest point of the Cliffs of Moher in County Clare , Ireland , located a short distance from the village Doolin , famous for its traditional Irish music .
Lolworth is a small village and civil parish in the district of South Cambridgeshire , in the county of Cambridgeshire , England , located approximately 5 miles ( 8 km ) northwest of Cambridge city centre .
The Park Slope Jewish Center , known from 1942 to 1960 as Congregation B'nai Jacob - Tifereth Israel , is an egalitarian Conservative synagogue located at 1320 Eighth Avenue in South Slope , Brooklyn , New York City .
The Village Bottoms is a historic cultural district in the predominantly Black neighborhood of West Oakland , California .
The Mulholland Dam is a Los Angeles Department of Water and Power dam located in the Hollywood Hills of Los Angeles , California .
St Winnow ( Cornish : Sen Gwynnek ) is a civil parish situated in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
McNary Dam Heliport ( FAA LID : 59OR ) is a private heliport located 1 mile south of Umatilla in Umatilla County , Oregon , USA .
The Jonathan Bourne Public Library ( est . 1891 ) is a public library in Bourne , Massachusetts .
The Fox Theater , Westwood Village , also known as the Fox Village Theater , is a historic , landmark cinema in Westwood , Los Angeles , California , in the Westwood Village .
Kierwałd ( ˈkʲɛrvau̯t ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morzeszczyn , within Tczew County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Packard 's Corner is located in Boston , Massachusetts at the intersection of Commonwealth Avenue and Brighton Avenue .
Baak is a small village in the municipality Bronckhorst in the Achterhoek part of the Dutch province of Gelderland .
The Huntingdon Valley Country Club is a golf , tennis and swim club located in Huntingdon Valley , Pennsylvania , 7 miles ( 11 km ) northeast of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Mayfield and Five Ashes is a civil parish in the High Weald of East Sussex , England .
The Kitzmeyer Furniture Factory , at 319 N. Carson St. in Carson City , Nevada , is a historic building built in 1873 .
Zirmalleh ( Persian : زيرمله‎ , also Romanized as Zīrmalleh ) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District , Bushkan District , Dashtestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Nieporaz ( ɲeˈpɔras ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Alwernia , within Chrzanów County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Peter Kirk Building , first known as the Kirkland Investment Company Building , is a historic building in Kirkland , Washington located at the corner of Market Street and Seventh Avenue , Kirkland 's historic commercial core .
Luluhar ( Persian : لولوهر‎ , also Romanized as Lūlūhar ) is a village in Avarzaman Rural District , Samen District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Takanlu ( Persian : تكانلو‎ , also Romanized as Takānlū ) is a village in Ojarud - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Murray Mallee is the grain - growing and sheep - farming area of South Australia bounded to the north and west by the Murray River , to the east by the Victorian border , and extending about 50 km south of the Mallee Highway .
The Venice Hills are a mountain range in Tulare County , California along the St. John 's River in East Visalia .
The New Ulm Oil Company Service Station is a historic gas station in New Ulm , Minnesota .
Duttlenheim ( German : Düttelnheim ) is a commune in the Bas - Rhin department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France , located about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) southwest of Strasbourg , and approximately 20 km from the German border .
Wyglądały ( vɨɡlɔnˈdawɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jadów , within Wołomin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Palazzo Saporiti , also known as Palazzo Rocca - Saporiti , is a historic Neoclassical mansion in the centre of the north Italian city of Milan .
Tukgahgo Mountain ( TUG - a - ho ) is located in the Takshanuk Mountains with a peak elevation of 4,675 feet ( 1,425 m ) in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Indian Orchard Station , is a power plant located in Indian Orchard , Massachusetts , USA .
Sangngagchhoeling Gewog ( Dzongkha : གསང་སྔགས་ཆོས་གླིང་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Samtse District , Bhutan .
Nowa Wieś Ełcka ( ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ ˈɛu̯t͡ska ) ( German : Neuendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk , within Ełk County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Dobie Center , named after J. Frank Dobie , is a privately owned twenty - seven story residence hall located adjacent to the University of Texas at Austin campus .
Dearborn Center for Math , Science and Technology ( DCMST ) is a specialized secondary education center with a four - year advanced , research based , science and math curriculum located in Dearborn Heights , Michigan .
Yazdan Shahr ( Persian : يزدان شهر‎ , also Romanized as Yazdanshahr ; formerly , Yazdanabad ( Persian : یزدان آباد ) , also Romanized as Yazdānābād and Yezdānābād ) is a city in and capital of Yazdanabad District , in Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kalmanjan ( Persian : كلمنجان‎ , also Romanized as Kalmanjān ) is a village in Qahab - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Hockwold cum Wilton ( `` Hock / mallow wood and willow - tree farm / settlement '' ) is 10 miles west of Thetford , Norfolk , England and is in the borough of King 's Lynn and West Norfolk .
Harku Parish ( Estonian : Harku vald ) is a rural municipality in Harju County , northern Estonia , located west and neighbouring the capital Tallinn .
Pozo de Jacinto ( English : Jacinto 's Pit Cave ) is a pit cave located at Jobos Beach in the northwestern Puerto Rican municipality of Isabela on Puerto Rico Highway 466 .
The Northwood Gratitude and Honor Memorial is a memorial in Irvine , California to American troops that lost their lives in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Macaé ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( mɐkɐˈɛ ) ) is a municipality located in the Brazilian state of Rio de Janeiro , 180 km northeast of the state capital .
Barf Anbar ( Persian : برف انبار‎ , also Romanized as Barf Anbār ) is a city in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
St. Mary of the Assumption High School is a small Catholic high school on Broad Street in Elizabeth , in Union County , New Jersey , United States .
The Bingham Military School was the state of North Carolina 's first military school , founded in 1826 by Capt . D.H. Bingham , with the intention of providing more accessible training for military officers .
The Chapel of the Holy Shroud ( Italian : Cappella della Sacra Sindone ) is a Baroque - style Roman Catholic chapel in Turin in northern Italy .
Blackfriars Theatre and Arts Centre is a theatre and community centre situated in Spain Lane , Boston , Lincolnshire , England .
Nafech ( Persian : نافچ‎ , also Romanized as Nāfech and Nāfch ; also known as Nafeh and Nafej ) is a city in the Central District of Shahrekord County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
The Lostwood Wetland Management District is located in the U.S. state of North Dakota and extends from the Canadian border and to the neighboring state of Montana .
Shir Daneh ( Persian : شيردانه‎ , also Romanized as Shīr Dāneh ) is a village in Jolgah Rural District , in the Central District of Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Perry - Foley Airport ( IATA : FPY , FAA LID : 40J ) is a public - use airport located 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) south of the central business district of the city of Perry in Taylor County , Florida , United States .
The Locusts , also known as the Peter Eltinge House , is a 19th - century brick Federal style house built in 1826 located on Plains Road in the Town of New Paltz , New York , United States , two miles ( 3 km ) south of the village of New Paltz .
The Palos Verdes Library District ( PVLD ) is an independent special - purpose library district serving the 69,843 residents of the Palos Verdes Peninsula in Southern California .
Kucieje ( kuˈt͡ɕejɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranowo , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Robbinsdale Cooper High School is a public secondary school located in New Hope , Minnesota , a northwest suburb of Minneapolis .
Wola Pękoszewska ( ˈvɔla pɛŋkɔˈʂɛfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowiesy , within Skierniewice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Habost ( Scottish Gaelic : Tàbost ) is the name of two crofting townships on the Isle of Lewis in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland .
The Cleiman Mound and Village Site is a prehistoric archaeological site located near the Mississippi River in Jackson County , Illinois .
Bodenik ( Serbian Cyrillic : Боденик ) is a village in the municipality of Bileća , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
WDTF - LP ( 107.9 FM ) is a Catholic religious formatted low - power broadcast radio station licensed to and serving Berkeley Springs , West Virginia , USA .
History Park at Kelley Park ( or just History Park ) in San Jose , California , USA is designed as an indoor / outdoor museum , arranged to appear as a small US town might have in the early 1900s ( decade ) .
Frost Valley YMCA is a camping , environmental education , and conferencing center located in Claryville , New York , part of the Catskill Mountains .
Sirlan ( Persian : سيرلان‎ , also Romanized as Sīrlān and Sirelān ; also known as Sariland , Sharīfābād , and Shrīfābād ) is a village in Babarashani Rural District , Chang Almas District , Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Sefid Khani - ye Vosta ( Persian : سفيدخاني وسطي‎ , also Romanized as Sefīd Khānī - ye Vosţá ) is a village in Zangvan Rural District , Karezan District , Sirvan County Ilam Province , Iran .
Khvorchan ( Persian : خورچان‎ , also Romanized as Khvorchān , Khowrchān , and Khūrchān ; also known as Kharchūn , Khorchūn , and Khorechūn ) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdol Aziz Rural District , Jolgeh District , Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Pyramid Club is a nightclub in the East Village of Manhattan , New York City .
The Joseph Haile House ( or Gardner House ) is an historic house at 106 George Street in the College Hill neighborhood of Providence , Rhode Island .
Bjoka Gewog ( Dzongkha : འབྱོག་ཀ་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Zhemgang District , Bhutan .
The Self - Realization Fellowship Lake Shrine lies a few blocks from the Pacific Ocean , on Sunset Boulevard in Pacific Palisades , California .
The Church of St George , Chester Road , Hulme , Manchester , is an early Gothic Revival church by Francis Goodwin , built in 1826 - 8 .
Veliki Slatnik ( pronounced ( ˈʋeːliki ˈslaːtnik ) ) is a settlement in the hills east of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia .
Chalmureh ( Persian : چال موره‎ , also Romanized as Chālmūreh ) is a village in Babuyi Rural District , Basht District , Basht County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Kau Pei Chau ( Chinese : 狗髀洲 ) is an islet located off the coast of Hong Kong Island , about 50 metres off the tip of Cape D'Aguilar .
Ottershaw is a village in the Runnymede district of Surrey , England about 20 miles to the south - west of London .
Wiesmoor is a city in the district of Aurich in the northwest of Lower Saxony .
Inverleith ( Scottish Gaelic : Inbhir Lìte ) is an inner suburb in the north of Edinburgh , Scotland , on the fringes of the central region of the city .
Wysokie Brodno ( vɨˈsɔkʲɛ ˈbrɔdnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbiczno , within Brodnica County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Boston Manufacturing Company Housing are historic residential housing blocks at 380 - 410 and 153 - 165 River Street in Waltham , Massachusetts .
Île Chevreau is an island off the north coast of Saint Barthélemy in the Caribbean .
The Haydenville Historic District is a historic district encompassing the traditional village of Haydenville in Williamsburg , Massachusetts .
Houxi Town ( simplified Chinese : 后溪 ; traditional Chinese : 後溪 ; pinyin : Hòuxī ; literally : `` back creek '' ) is a township - level division of Jimei District , Xiamen City , Fujian , China .
J. J. Kelly High School is a former public high school in Wise , Virginia .
Tidmarsh is a village and civil parish in West Berkshire England .
The Air Command and Staff College ( ACSC ) is located at Maxwell Air Force Base in Montgomery , Alabama and is the United States Air Force 's intermediate level Professional Military Education ( PME ) school .
Khatam County ( Persian : شهرستان خاتم‎ ) is a county in Yazd Province in Iran .
Tirazabad ( Persian : طيرزاباد‎ , also Romanized as Ţīrazābād ; also known as Ţarīzābād , Terīzābād , Tīrīzābād , and Tirjābād ) is a village in Rudbar Rural District , in the Central District of Tafresh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Seiwa - en is a Japanese strolling garden located in the Missouri Botanical Garden , St Louis , Missouri , in the Midwestern United States .
The A. Gary Anderson Graduate School of Management ( commonly known as AGSM ) , is a part of the UCR School of Business Administration located at the University of California , Riverside .
Giles Weather Station ( also referred to as Giles Meteorological Station or Giles ) is located in Western Australia near the Northern Territory border , about 750 kilometres ( 470 mi ) West - South - West of Alice Springs and 330 kilometres ( 210 mi ) West of Uluru .
WNST ( 1570 kHz ) is a sports radio station located in Towson , Maryland , near Baltimore .
Rangeley Lake Seaplane Base ( FAA LID : M57 ) is a privately owned , public use seaplane base on Rangeley Lake , located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) north of the central business district of Rangeley , a town in Franklin County , Maine , United States .
Franz railway station is a railway station located in the community of Franz , Unorganized North part Algoma District , northeastern Ontario , Canada .
The Kendall Inn is a historic hotel located in Boerne , Texas , United States , that originally opened in 1859 .
The Markaziy Harbiy Sportklubi Army Stadium , commonly known as the MHSK Stadium was a multi - use stadium in the Chilanzar area of Tashkent , Uzbekistan .
Andipattakkadu is a village and Gram panchayat in the Ariyalur taluk of Ariyalur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
The Francovich House , at 557 Washington St. in Reno , Nevada , was built during 1899 - 1900 .
Kakabeka Falls Generating Station is a hydroelectric facility operated by Ontario Power Generation on the bank of the Kaministiquia River , 2 km ( 1.2 mi ) downstream from Kakabeka Falls in the community of Kakabeka Falls , Ontario , 30 km ( 19 mi ) west of Thunder Bay .
Molalla High School is a public high school of in Molalla , Oregon , United States .
The Linden Street Bridge is a historic bridge on the abandoned Central Massachusetts Railroad over Linden Street ( Massachusetts Route 60 ) in Waltham , Massachusetts .
The Shops at Westshore , formerly Westshore Mall , is an enclosed shopping mall in Holland , Michigan .
Karkan - e Pain ( Persian : كركان پائين‎ , also Romanized as Karkān - e Pā’īn and Karakān - Pā’īn ; also known as Garakān - e Soflá and Karkān - e Soflá ) is a village in Saruq Rural District , Saruq District , Farahan County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Woodberry Forest School is a private , all - male boarding school located in Woodberry Forest , Madison County , Virginia , in the United States .
Lungotevere Salvo D'Acquisto is the stretch of Lungotevere that connects Piazzale Cardinal Consalvi to the lungotevere dell'Acqua Acetosa , in Rome , in the Parioli district .
Licensed to Georgetown , Kentucky , USA , WWTF serves the Lexington Metro Area .
Skandławki ( skanˈdwafki ) ( German Skandlack ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Srokowo , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Statham 's Quarry ( also known as Darling Range Quarry , and then Perth City Council 's Darling Range Quarry after 1920 ) is the site of a quarry on the Darling Scarp on the southern side of the entrance of the Helena River valley on to the Swan Coastal Plain in Perth , Western Australia .
Vazireh ( Persian : وزيره‎ , also Romanized as Vazīreh ; also known as Vazīrch ) is a village in Rizab Rural District , Qatruyeh District , Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Palkot block is one of the twelve administrative blocks of Gumla district in the state of Jharkhand , India .
The Cherokee Strip Regional Heritage Center ( CSRHC ) museum at the eastern edge of Enid , Oklahoma focuses on the history and culture of the Cherokee Outlet and the Land Run of September , 16 , 1893 .
Deh - e Zu ol Faqar ( Persian : ده ذوالفقار‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Z̄ū ol Faqār , Deh - e Z̄owlfaqār , Deh Z̄owifaqār , Deh Z̄owlfaqār , and Deh Zulfiqār ) is a village in Zalian Rural District , Zalian District , Shazand County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Nowa Zawada ( ˈnɔva zaˈvada ) ( German : Sternau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baruchowo , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Pyrénées - Orientales is part of the region of Languedoc - Roussillon - Midi - Pyrénées .
Bodegraven - Reeuwijk is a municipality in the western Netherlands , in the province of South Holland with a population of 33,036 in 2014 .
The Arnold Lava Tube System ( or Arnold system ) is series of lava tubes within Deschutes County , Oregon , of the United States .
Saqba ( Arabic : سقبا‎ ; also spelled Sakba or Siqba ) is a town in southern Syria , administratively part of the Markaz Rif Dimashq District of the Rif Dimashq Governorate , 7 km east of central Damascus .
The Napoleon House , also known as the Mayor Girod House or Nicolas Girod House , is a historic building at 500 Chartres Street in the French Quarter of New Orleans , Louisiana , United States .
The Ambrose School is a classical Christian school in Meridian , Idaho .
Henjam ( Persian : هنجام‎ , also Romanized as Henjām ; also known as Henjān ) is a village in Mashiz Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kõpu Parish ( Estonian : Kõpu vald ) is a rural municipality of Estonia , in Viljandi County .
One Eye Peak is part of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in southwestern British Columbia , Canada .
Kahn Qaleh ( Persian : كهن قلعه‎ , also Romanized as Kahn Qal``eh and Kohan Qal``eh ) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 16 , in 5 families .
Chrustowice ( xrustɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatowiec , within Kazimierza County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Guannan County ( simplified Chinese : 灌南县 ; traditional Chinese : 灌南縣 ; pinyin : Guànnán Xiàn ) is under the administration of Lianyungang , Jiangsu province , China .
Shuravash - e Sofla ( Persian : شورواش سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Shūravāsh - e Soflá ) is a village in Bazan Rural District , in the Central District of Javanrud County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Alviyeh - ye Zahra ( Persian : علويه زهرا‎ , also Romanized as ʿAlvīyeh - ye Zahrā ) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Ludlow Street Jail was New York City 's Federal prison , located on Ludlow Street and Broome Street in Manhattan .
Ennejma Ezzahra ( `` Star of Zahra '' , sometimes spelled Nejma Ezzohara ) , is a palace at Sidi Bou Said , in northern Tunisia , built by Baron Rodolphe d'Erlanger ( 1872 - -1932 ) as his home there .
WMXZ ( 95.9 FM , `` Mix 96 '' ) is a radio station licensed to Isle of Palms , South Carolina , USA , serving the South Carolina Lowcountry .
Borj - e Zanganlu ( Persian : برج زنگانلو‎ , also Romanized as Borj - e Zangānlū , Borj - e Zangālī , Borj Zangalanlū , and Burj Zanganali ; also known as Borj ) is a village in Atrak Rural District , Maneh District , Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Brockton Brightfield in Brockton , Massachusetts is a solar power plant in New England .
Kaltandar - e Olya ( Persian : كلتندرعليا‎ , also Romanized as Kaltandar - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Qaleh Tall Rural District , in the Central District of Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 93 , in 17 families .
La Côte Basque was a New York restaurant .
The polder is part of three municipalities : the western part , including the hamlet Bisschopswetering and half of the village of Mastenbroek , lies in Kampen ; the southeastern part lies in Zwolle ; and the northeastern part , including the hamlet of Nieuwe Wetering and the other half of the village of Mastenbroek , lies in Zwartewaterland .
The Naked Ladies are a statue complex on a rockery and water cascade in the gardens of York House , Twickenham , in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames , England .
Cemmaes Road ( Welsh : Glantwymyn ) is a village in Powys , Wales .
Stubienko ( stuˈbjɛŋkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stubno , within Przemyśl County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
The Oscar Leibhart Site , designated ( 36YO9 ) is a historic archaeological site located at Lower Windsor Township , York County , Pennsylvania .
Tehatta is the headquarters of the Tehatta subdivision in Nadia district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
Rheingrafenstein Castle is a castle on a 136-metre - high ( 446 ft ) porphyry rock formation , the Rheingrafenstein , known as Huhinstein a thousand years , on the river Nahe , opposite Bad Münster am Stein - Ebernburg in the district Bad Kreuznach .
West Helmsdale is a small settlement , lying on the right bank of the River Helmsdale , on the east coast of Sutherland , Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland .
Mian Rudan - e Yek ( Persian : ميانرودان1‎ , also Romanized as Mīān Rūdān - e Yek ; also known as Meyān Rūdān and Mīān Rūdān ) is a village in Shurab - e Tangazi Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
KMFX - FM `` 102.5 The Fox '' is a radio station in Rochester , Minnesota airing a country music format .
Brawdy ( Welsh : Breudeth ) is a village and parish and community in Pembrokeshire , Wales .
Lasata was the childhood summer home of future First Lady of the United States Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis in East Hampton , New York until she was about 12 .
Louise Arbour Secondary School is a high school located in Brampton , Ontario , operating under the Peel District School Board .
Phuentshogpelri Gewog ( Dzongkha : ཕུན་ཚོགས་དབལ་རི་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Samtse District , Bhutan .
Widowo ( viˈdɔvɔ ) ( Ukrainian : Видово , Vydovo ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Faber Double - Crib Barn is a historic barn located near Kenna , Jackson County , West Virginia .
The Sidna Allen House is a historic house located near the town of Fancy Gap , in Carroll County , Virginia .
Aspås ( from Old Norse Öspáss ' aspen ridge ' ) is a locality situated in Krokom Municipality , Jämtland County , Sweden with 375 inhabitants in 2010 .
Nunnykirk is a civil parish in the county of Northumberland in England .
South Mountain Concert Hall is a historic performance hall in Pittsfield , Massachusetts .
Kahnuj Sadat ( Persian : كهنوج سادات‎ , also Romanized as Kahnūj Sādāt ; also known as Kahnūj ) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Mozaffari - ye Shomali ( Persian : مظفري شمالي‎ , also Romanized as Moz̧affarī - ye Shomālī ; also known as Moz̧affarī ) is a village in Liravi - ye Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Deylam County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Sanie - Dąb ( ˈsaɲe ˈdɔmp ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaki Kościelne , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Thompson Observatory is an astronomical observatory at Beloit College in Beloit , Wisconsin .
South Forsyth High School is a public high school , built in 1989 , located in Cumming , Georgia , a suburb northeast of Atlanta , Georgia .
Sandford St. Martin is a village and civil parish in West Oxfordshire about 6.5 miles ( 10.5 km ) east of Chipping Norton and about 9 miles ( 14 km ) south of Banbury .
The Poe Elementary School bombing was a school bombing that occurred in Houston , Texas , United States on September 15 , 1959 .
Johnson College is a private , coeducational two - year college located in Scranton , Pennsylvania .
Sibley State Park is a Minnesota state park near New London , on the shores of Lake Andrew .
Dadong District ( simplified Chinese : 大东区 ; traditional Chinese : 大東區 ; pinyin : Dàdōng qū ; literally : `` great east '' ) is one of nine districts of Shenyang , the capital of Liaoning province , People 's Republic of China , and forms part of the urban core .
The Ilimaussaq intrusive complex is a large alkalic layered intrusion located on the southwest coast of Greenland .
WPRV ( 790 AM , `` AM 790 '' ) is a radio station located in Providence , Rhode Island .
Jessop 's Clock is a large outdoor pendulum clock located in San Diego , California , USA .
Mihanabad ( Persian : ميهن اباد‎ , also Romanized as Mīhanābād ; also known as Mīhanābād - e Shomālī ) is a village in Bostan Rural District , Bostan District , Dasht - e Azadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Coffin Shop , also known as the Kring Carpenter Shop , is a historic commercial building in Gainesville , Sumter County , Alabama .
Bouley is a contemporary French restaurant located at 163 Duane Street ( between Greenwich Street and Hudson Street ) , in Tribeca in Manhattan , in New York City .
Quicken Loans Arena , commonly known as `` The Q '' , is a multi - purpose arena in downtown Cleveland , Ohio , United States .
The Conrad Observatory is the only observatory of this particular type and is located on top of the Trafelberg ( 1146 m above the Adriatic ) next to Muggendorf , municipality Pernitz in Lower Austria , approximately 45 km southwest of Vienna .
Nowrudbar ( Persian : نورودبار‎ , also Romanized as Nowrūdbār ) is a village in Qaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Manujan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Humanities Preparatory Academy ( also known as Humanities Prep ) is a public high school located in the Chelsea section of Manhattan in New York City , with an enrollment of 209 .
Mnich - Ośrodek ( ˈmnix ɔˈɕrɔdɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oporów , within Kutno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Haas - Lilienthal House at 2007 Franklin Street , San Francisco , California , USA is the city 's only intact Victorian era home that is open regularly as a museum , complete with authentic furniture and artifacts .
The New York City Lab School for Collaborative Studies is a secondary school in the Chelsea neighbourhood of Manhattan in New York City .
The Mittivakkat Glacier is located in southeast Greenland , and is part of the largest ice field on Ammassalik Island .
Fort San Jose is a former Spanish fortification on the island of Guam , now a United States territory .
Sovinj - e Sofla ( Persian : سونج سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Sovīnj - e Soflá ; also known as Sovīch - e Pā'īn ) is a village in Barvanan - e Gharbi Rural District , Torkamanchay District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Chumeh - ye Seyyed Alvan ( Persian : چومه سيدعلوان‎ , also Romanized as Chūmeh - ye Seyyed Alvān ) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Weminuche Wilderness is a wilderness area in southwest Colorado managed by the United States Forest Service as part of the San Juan National Forest on the west side of the Continental Divide and the Rio Grande National Forest on the east side of the divide .
Suthep ( Thai : สุเทพ ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mueang Chiang Mai District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
The Barrachois Harbour Yacht Club ( BHYC ) was founded in 1996 and is a private , registered , not - for - profit yacht club located in Barrachois Harbour , northern Nova Scotia , Canada , 1.58 nautical miles east - northeast of the village of Tatamagouche with access to the Northumberland Strait across Amet Sound .
The Wilson is a historic Renaissance Revival apartment building located at 643 Fort Wayne Avenue in Indianapolis , Indiana , United States .
Apache Mall is the largest enclosed shopping space in Rochester , Minnesota .
Falconhead Airport ( FAA LID : 37 K ) is a public use airport located two nautical miles ( 2.3 mi , 3.7 km ) northwest of the central business district of Burneyville , in Love County , Oklahoma , United States .
Qarah Qishah ( Persian : قره قيشه‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Qīshah ; also known as Qaraqeshteh and Qarqashah ) is a village in Abbas - e Sharqi Rural District , Tekmeh Dash District , Bostanabad County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Rivoli is a bar , restaurant and performance space , established in 1982 , on Queen Street West in Toronto , Ontario .
Skarbiszowice ( skarbiʂɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Seifersdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tułowice , within Opole County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Tudar - e Samadi ( Persian : تودارصمدي‎ , also Romanized as Tūdār - e Şamadī ; also known as Tū’ī Dar Samadī and Tu Yi Dar Samdi ) is a village in Sarab Qamish Rural District , in the Central District of Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Nurina Land District is a land district ( cadastral division ) of Western Australia , located within the Eucla Land Division on the Nullarbor Plain .
Calera de Tango is a Chilean commune in the Maipo Province , Santiago Metropolitan Region .
Canadian National Exhibition Stadium ( commonly known as Exhibition Stadium and CNE Stadium ) was a multi - purpose stadium that formerly stood on the Exhibition Place grounds , in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Cedar Shoals High School is a high school established in 1972 in Athens , Georgia , in the Clarke County School District .
The Pueblo Federal Building is a historic government building in Pueblo , Colorado , United States .
The Wassama Round House State Historic Park is in the Sierra Nevada foothills , in Madera County of central California .
The Joy Theater is a theater and historic landmark built in 1947 on Canal Street in downtown New Orleans , Louisiana .
Dębniałki Kaliskie ( dɛmbˈɲau̯ki kaˈliskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Blizanów , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
KTCZ - FM ( 97.1 FM , `` Cities 97 '' ) is a Modern adult contemporary radio station broadcasting to the Twin Cities market of Minnesota and neighboring Wisconsin .
Iffley is a village in a designated Conservation Area in Oxfordshire , England .
Íþróttarhúsið á Torfnesi , known colloquially as Jakinn or Ísjakinn , is a multi - purpose indoor arena in Ísafjörður , Iceland .
Tha Nang Ngam ( Thai : ท่านางงาม ) is a sub - district in the Bang Rakam District of Phitsanulok Province , Thailand .
Piekło Górne ( ˈpjɛkwɔ ˈɡurnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przywidz , within Gdańsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Wittlingen is a town in the southwestern German state of Baden - Württemberg , part of the district Lörrach .
Steven 's Creek Heritage Preserve is a nature preserve in the US State of South Carolina .
Vahto was one of the 18 municipalities in the Turku region , and due to its close proximity to the center of Turku ( about 20 km ) , it may also be considered part of the Turku metropolitan area .
The Girard Academic Music Program ( GAMP ) is a magnet secondary school in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Outlet Falls is a 69-foot plunge fed by Outlet Creek which flows out of farmland in Yakima County , Washington .
William Howard Taft National Historic Site is a National Historic Site in Cincinnati , Ohio , maintained by the National Park Service of the United States .
Harbour Main , formerly Harbour Main - Whitbourne and Harbour Main - Bell Island , is a provincial electoral district for the House of Assembly of Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
The Palazzo della Consulta ( built 1732 - 1735 ) is a late Baroque palace in central Rome , Italy , that since 1955 houses the Constitutional Court of the Italian Republic .
WDKN ( 1260 AM ) is a radio station operating in Dickson , Tennessee , on a frequency of 1260 kHz .
Mohawk Racetrack is a harness racing track in Campbellville , Ontario .
Codrongianos ( Codronzànu or Codronzànos in Sardinian language ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Sassari in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 170 kilometres ( 110 mi ) north of Cagliari and about 13 kilometres ( 8 mi ) southeast of Sassari .
Varden Amfi is a football venue in Bergen , Norway .
The Phoenix Mountains are a mountain range located in central Phoenix , Arizona .
Volkmarsen is a small town in Waldeck - Frankenberg district in northern Hesse , Germany .
Waldkappel is a small town in the Werra - Meißner - Kreis in northern Hesse , Germany .
Bonkuy - e Kazemi ( Persian : بنكوي كاظمي‎ , also Romanized as Bonkūy - e Kāz̧emī ) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District , Meymand District , Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran .
Mollasalar ( Persian : ملاسالار‎ , also Romanized as Mollāsālār ; also known as Malānsālār ) is a village in Tilakuh Rural District , Ziviyeh District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Amman Governorate , officially known as Muhafazat al - Asima ( Arabic محافظة العاصمة , English translation : The Capital Governorate ) , is one of the governorates in Jordan .
Wiley College is a four - year , private , historically black , liberal arts college located on the west side of Marshall , Texas .
Torbat - e Jam County ( Persian : شهرستان تربت جام‎ ) is a county in Razavi Khorasan Province in Iran .
Bisrakh is a village of Greater Noida , in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh , believed to be the birthplace of the mythological king Ravana of the epic Ramayana , who is called the `` Maha Brahman . ''
Lown - e Kohneh ( Persian : لون كهنه‎ ; also known as Loon , Lown , Lowneh Kown , Lown - e Kohan , Lūn , and Lūneh Kūn ) is a village in Zhavehrud Rural District , in the Central District of Kamyaran County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Bayanchoqlu ( Persian : باينچقلو‎ , also Romanized as Bāyanchoqlū , Bāyencheqlū , and Bāyenchqolū ; also known as Banch Khali , Bāyenjeqlū , and Bāyenj Qolī ) is a village in Hoseynabad - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Ahmadabad - e Khazai ( Persian : احمدابادخزائي‎ , also Romanized as Aḩmadābād - e Khazā’ī ; also known as Aḩmadābād ) is a village in Pain Rokh Rural District , Jolgeh Rokh District , Torbat - e Heydarieh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Rio Maior ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈʁiu mɐˈjɔɾ ) ) is a municipality in the Santarém District in Portugal .
The Pierre Werner Cricket Ground , also known as the Walferdange Cricket Ground , is a cricket ground in Walferdange , in central Luxembourg .
Piotrowice - Kolonia ( pjɔtrɔˈvit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Garbów , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Thumb Lake , also known as Lake Louise by the `` Lake Louise Camp '' community , is a kettle lake located in Hudson Township , Charlevoix County , Michigan .
Xiaoliuqiu , Little Liuqiu , or Lamay Island ( Chinese : 小琉球 ; pinyin : Xiǎo Liúqiú ) is an island belonging to Taiwan administered as Liuqiu Township ( 琉球鄉 ; Liúqiú Xiāng ) of Pingtung County .
Hauppauge High School is a public high school and part of the Hauppauge Union Free School District located in Hauppauge , Suffolk County , Long Island , New York .
Linjat ( Finnish ) , Linjerna ( Swedish ) is a neighborhood of the Kallio district of Helsinki , Finland .
Warborough is a village and civil parish in South Oxfordshire , about 2.5 miles ( 4 km ) north of Wallingford and about 9 miles ( 14 km ) south of Oxford .
Frelichów ( frɛˈlixuf ) ( German : Fröhlichhof ) is a village in Gmina Chybie , Cieszyn County , Silesian Voivodeship , southern Poland .
Chihuly Garden and Glass is an exhibit in the Seattle Center showcasing the studio glass of Dale Chihuly .
Czepów ( ˈt͡ʂɛpuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uniejów , within Poddębice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Loaf Island ( 52 ° 50'N 173 ° 12E ) is a small satellite of Attu Island in the Near Islands group at the extreme western end of the Aleutian Islands , Alaska .
Osoyoos Lake State Park was a Washington state park in Okanogan County until it was sold to the city of Oroville and renamed Osoyoos Lake Veteran 's Memorial Park .
Located in the Debub Wollo Zone of the Amhara Region , this town has a latitude and longitude of 10 ° 36′N 39 ° 26′E. From the 1870s , Were Ilu had a Thursday market .
The Bank of Burbank is a historic bank building in Burbank , Oklahoma .
Canadian Forces Base Chilliwack ( also CFB Chilliwack ) was a Canadian Forces Base located in Chilliwack , British Columbia .
Ponpethi ( Tamil : பொன்பெத்தி ) is a village in the Avadaiyarkoilrevenue block of Pudukkottai district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Rock Hill Farm , also known as the Davis - Stauffer Farm Complex , is a historic home and farm and national historic district located at Montgomery Township in Franklin County , Pennsylvania .
The Red River Exhibition ( or `` The EX '' for short ) is a ten - day festival hosted every summer , in June , in Winnipeg , Manitoba .
The Pietzmoor ( literally `` Pietz Bog '' ) is a bog southeast of the town of Schneverdingen , Lower Saxony , Germany .
The Levi Snell House is a house with Greek Revival and Italianate architecture in Fayetteville , New York .
Thornhaugh is a civil parish and village in the city of Peterborough , Cambridgeshire in the United Kingdom .
Lochgelly ( listen ; Gaelic : Loch Gheallaidh ) is a town in Fife , Scotland .
Praia da Vitória ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈpɾajɐ ðɐ viˈtɔɾiɐ ) ) , translated as the Beach of the Victory , is a municipality in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores .
Mount Saint Agnes College was a Catholic women 's college located in the Mount Washington neighborhood of Baltimore , Maryland .
The Hunter House Victorian Museum in Norfolk , Virginia , USA is a house museum .
Bastarm - e Olya ( Persian : بسترم عليا‎ , also Romanized as Bastarm - e `` Olyā and Besterom - e Olyā ) is a village in Hana Rural District , Abadeh Tashk District , Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 425 , in 102 families .
Niegibalice ( ɲɛɡibaˈlit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytoń , within Radziejów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Lingdong District ( simplified Chinese : 岭东区 ; traditional Chinese : 嶺東區 ; pinyin : Lǐngdōng Qū ) is a district of the city of Shuangyashan , Heilongjiang province , People 's Republic of China .
Brewham is a civil parish in Somerset , England , consisting of the villages of North Brewham and South Brewham , on either side of the river in the Brue Valley 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) east of Bruton and 9 miles ( 14.5 km ) south - west of Frome in the South Somerset district .
Kiedrowo ( kʲɛˈdrɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec , within Wągrowiec County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Laramie - Poudre Tunnel is an early transmountain tunnel in the U.S. state of Colorado .
Downtown Oakland is the central business district of Oakland , California ; roughly bounded by 6th Street or the Oakland Estuary on the southwest , Interstate 980 on the northwest , Grand Avenue on the northeast , and Lake Merritt on the east .
Prenteg is a hamlet that lies 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) from Porthmadog , Wales , between Tremadog and Beddgelert .
Bakran ( Persian : بكران‎ , also Romanized as Bakrān and Bokrān ) is a village in Kalat - e Hay - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Meyami County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Beckwith Island is the eastern of three islands in southeastern Georgian Bay in Ontario , Canada .
Choozhattukotta is a village situated on the perimeter of Thiruvananthapuram , Kerala , India .
Summerfield Schools is a public school district in Petersburg , Michigan .
The Alice Austen House , also known as Clear Comfort , is located at 2 Hylan Boulevard in the Rosebank section of Staten Island , New York City , New York .
Kingswinford is a suburban area of the Metropolitan Borough of Dudley , in the West Midlands , England .
WJMM - FM is a Christian radio station based in Lexington , Kentucky serving all of Central Kentucky .
The Graveyard of the Atlantic Museum is a maritime museum that focuses on the maritime history and shipwrecks of the Outer Banks of North Carolina .
The Ben and Harriet Schulein House , also known as the Ben Schulein House , is a two - story historic residence located at 2604 Jackson Street , Sioux City , Iowa , in the United States .
Shahsavarlu ( Persian : شهسوارلو‎ , also Romanized as Shahsavārlū , Shāhsavārlū ; also known as Eslāmābād ( Persian : اسلام اباد ) , Shāsīvarī , Shasiwarri , and Shasuar ) is a village in Sanjabad - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Kowsar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Muggiò is a city ( municipality ) in the Province of Monza and Brianza in the Italian region Lombardy , located about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) northeast of Milan .
The Black Rapids Roadhouse is a historic Alaskan structure along the Richardson Highway in east - central Alaska .
Saleh Kucheri ( Persian : صالح كوچري‎ , also Romanized as Şāleḥ Kūcherī ) is a village in Dasht - e Zahab Rural District , in the Central District of Sarpol - e Zahab County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Steelhead Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located at the west end of Kamloops Lake near the town of Savona .
Mendon Ponds Park is a county park located southeast of Rochester , New York , within the suburban towns of Mendon and Pittsford .
Minyip is a town in the Wimmera region of Victoria , Australia , 320 kilometres ( 199 mi ) north west of Melbourne .
Addiscombe Railway Park , also known as the Addiscombe Linear Park , is managed by the London Borough of Croydon .
Kombihallen is an indoor arena for association football in Malmö , Sweden .
The Petersfriedhof or St. Peter 's Cemetery is - together with the burial site at Nonnberg Abbey - the oldest cemetery in the Austrian city of Salzburg , located at the foot of the Festungsberg with Hohensalzburg Castle .
Kerr Creek is a ghost town located in the Similkameen Division Yale Land region of British Columbia .
Kowloon Rock ( Chinese : 九龍石 ) is an island in the middle of Kowloon Bay in Hong Kong , near the runway of Kai Tak Airport .
Muxton is an ancient village between Lilleshall and Donnington in Shropshire , England .
Ban Ueam ( Thai : บ้านเอื้อม ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mueang Lampang District , in Lampang Province , Thailand . In 2005 it had a total population of 10,401 people .
Chaffcombe is a village and civil parish in Somerset , England , situated 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) north east of Chard in the South Somerset district .
Rim Kok ( Thai : ริมกก ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mueang Chiang Rai District , in Chiang Rai Province , Thailand .
Mentz Church is a historic community church located at Montezuma in Cayuga County , New York .
The SO36 club is a music club on Oranienstrasse near Heinrichplatz in the area of Kreuzberg in Berlin , Germany .
The House at 25 Clyde Street in Somerville , Massachusetts is an example of a vernacular brickworker 's house in the area .
The Hyatt Regency Columbus is a high - rise hotel in Columbus , Ohio .
Dark Glacier is in Wenatchee National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington , 1.5 mi ( 2.4 km ) northwest of Bonanza Peak , the tallest non - volcanic peak in the Cascade Range .
Nafer ( Persian : نافر‎ , also Romanized as Nāfer ) is a village in Donbaleh Rud - e Shomali Rural District , Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Zard - e Sham ( Persian : زردشمع‎ ) is a village in Jaghin - e Jonubi Rural District , Jaghin District , Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Holly Grove Mansion , also known as Holly Grove Inn or Ruffner Mansion , is a historic home located at Charleston , West Virginia on the grounds of the West Virginia State Capitol .
Wollaton Hall is an Elizabethan country house of the 1580s standing on a small but prominent hill in Wollaton Park , Nottingham , England .
Askam and Ireleth is a civil parish close to Barrow - in - Furness in the county of Cumbria , in North West England .
Alexander K. McClure School is a school of the School District of Philadelphia located in a historic school building located in the Hunting Park neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Sha Tsui ( Chinese : 沙咀/沙嘴 ) was a headland in Tsuen Wan , Hong Kong .
Banc Du is a prominent , fairly flat - topped southwards - projecting promontory of Foel Eryr , at about 334 m OD at the west end of the Preseli Hills in north Pembrokeshire , Wales .
Qinnguata Kuussua is a river in a valley of the same name in the Qeqqata municipality in central - western Greenland .
The Cold Springs Station Site , west of Austin , Nevada , is a historic stagecoach station site that was active during 1861 - 1869 as a passenger and freight station , and later for freight .
WBHQ ( 92.7 FM ) is a radio station licensed to Beverly Beach , Florida , serving Flagler County .
Oldfields School is a college preparatory school for girls in grades 8 through 12 in Sparks Glencoe , Maryland .
New Market Airport ( FAA LID : 8W2 ) is a privately owned public - use airport located two nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) west of the central business district of New Market , a town in Shenandoah County , Virginia , United States .
Pieszowola ( pjɛʂɔˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sosnowica , within Parczew County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Škarić ( Cyrillic : Шкарић ) is a village in the municipality of Bosanski Šamac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Ventfort Hall Mansion and Gilded Age Museum is a historic , Jacobean - style mansion and museum located at 104 Walker Street , Lenox , Massachusetts .
Mount Adrian is a mountain on Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada , located 35 km ( 22 mi ) southwest of Campbell River and 3 km ( 2 mi ) northwest of Alexandra Peak .
The Capricorn Highway is located in Central Queensland , Australia , and links the city of Rockhampton with western Queensland .
Hascosay ( Old Norse `` Hafskotsey '' ) is a small island lying between Yell and Fetlar in the Shetland Islands , Scotland .
Kastellaun Castle ( German : Burg Kastellaun ) is a ruined medieval castle in Kastellaun in the Rhein - Hunsrück district in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Lahjebin ( Persian : لهجبين‎ , also Romanized as Lahjebīn ) is a village in Oryad Rural District , in the Central District of Mahneshan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Vito d'Asio ( Friulian : Vît ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Pordenone in the Italian region Friuli - Venezia Giulia , located about 90 kilometres ( 56 mi ) northwest of Trieste and about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) northeast of Pordenone .
Mount Arapiles is a rock formation that rises about 140 metres ( 460 ft ) AHD above the Wimmera plains in western Victoria , Australia .
Anjeshesh ( Persian : انجشش‎ , also Romanized as Anjesash , Anjesesh , Anjīshesh , and Anjshesh ) is a village in Baq Mej Rural District , in the Central District of Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Tarvizak ( Persian : طرويزك‎ , also Romanized as Ţarvīzak ; also known as Tabrīzak ) is a village in Afshariyeh Rural District , Khorramdasht District , Takestan County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Thyatira Presbyterian Church , Cemetery , and Manse is a historic church at 220 White Road off NC 150 in Mill Bridge in Rowan County , North Carolina , near the town of Salisbury .
Briarcliff High School ( BHS ) is a public secondary school in Briarcliff Manor , New York that serves students in grades 9 - -12 .
Hezar Som ( Persian : هزارسم‎ , also Romanized as Hezār Som ) is a village in Panjak - e Rastaq Rural District , Kojur District , Nowshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The San Buenaventura Mission Aqueduct was a seven - mile long , stone and mortar aqueduct built in the late 18th and/or early 19th century to transport water from the Ventura River to the Mission San Buenaventura in Ventura , California .
Tygart Lake State Park sits on 391 acres ( 1.58 km² ) along the shores of Tygart Lake in Taylor County near Grafton , West Virginia , United States .
Tangmere is a village , civil parish , and electoral ward in the Chichester District of West Sussex , England .
Diergaarde Blijdorp ( Official Dutch name : Stichting Koninklijke Rotterdamse Diergaarde , Foundation Royal Zoo of Rotterdam ) is a zoo in the northwestern part of Rotterdam , one of the oldest zoos in the Netherlands .
Sardasht - e Kalus ( Persian : سردشت كالوس‎ , also Romanized as Sardasht - e Kālūs ) is a village in Sarrud - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Rozwadówka ( rɔzvaˈdufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sosnówka , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Sereshbar ( Persian : سرشبار‎ , also Romanized as Sereshbār and Sarashbar ; also known as Chahārāshpar , Serīshbār , and Serīsh Bār ) is a village in Zarrineh Rud Rural District , Bizineh Rud District , Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Edward River , or Kyalite River , an anabranch of the Murray River and part of the Murray - Darling basin , is located in the western Riverina region of south western New South Wales , Australia .
Chopul ( Persian : چپول‎ , also Romanized as Chopūl and Chapūl ; also known as Chupul '' ) is a village in Sardar - e Jangal Rural District , Sardar - e Jangal District , Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Worksop is the largest town in the Bassetlaw district of Nottinghamshire , England , on the River Ryton at the northern edge of Sherwood Forest .
Alhak ( Persian : الهك‎ , also Romanized as Elhak ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Cheatham Annex is a Naval Base , located near Williamsburg , Virginia on the York River approximately 35 miles northwest of Norfolk in the heart of the famous Jamestown--
Domrud - e Amir - e Vosta ( Persian : دم روداميروسطي‎ , also Romanized as Domrūd - e Amīr - e Vosţá ) is a village in Afrineh Rural District , Mamulan District , Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Niedów ( ˈɲeduf ) ( German : Nieda , 1937 - 45 : Wolfsberg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgorzelec , within Zgorzelec County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the German border .
Strigno ( German : Striegen ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) east of Trento .
Łempino ( wɛmˈpinɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Toroni ( Greek : Τορώνη , ancient form : Torone ) is an ancient Greek city and a former municipality in the southwest edge of Sithonia peninsula in Chalkidiki , Greece .
Istu Chah ( Persian : ايستوچاه‎ , also Romanized as Īstu Chāh ) is a village in Dokuheh Rural District , Seh Qaleh District , Sarayan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The St. Padre Pio Shrine is an outdoor Roman Catholic shrine in the Landisville section of Buena , New Jersey dedicated to the 20th - century Italian saint Padre Pio and completed in 2002 .
The Philharmonic Dining Rooms is a public house at the corner of Hope Street and Hardman Street in Liverpool , Merseyside , England , and stands diagonally opposite the Liverpool Philharmonic Hall .
Gursharan Owsta ( Persian : گورشران اوستا‎ , also Romanized as Gūrsharān Owstā ; also known as Kūrsharān ) is a village in Mahur Berenji Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Torqabeh District ( Persian : بخش طرقبه‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Torqabeh and Shandiz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Darupey ( Persian : دروپي‎ , also Romanized as Darūpey , Daroopey , and Darow Pay ) is a village in Kolijan Rostaq - e Olya Rural District , Kolijan Rostaq District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Wartburg College is a four - year liberal arts college of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America located in Waverly , Iowa .
Angus Cobblestone Farmhouse and Barn Complex is a historic home and barn located at Benton in Yates County , New York .
Kwasów ( ˈkfasuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów , within Busko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Baniéré Koré is a commune and village in the Cercle of Nioro in the Kayes Region of south - western Mali .
Riverfront Towers is an apartment / condominium complex of three luxury high rise residential skyscrapers along the International Riverfront in Detroit , Michigan , United States .
The Sun National Bank Center , formerly known as Sovereign Bank Arena , is a $ 53-million , 10,500-seat arena in Trenton , in the U.S. state of New Jersey ; was home to the Trenton Freedom of the PIFL and hosts other special events including family shows , sporting events and concerts .
Chahar Cheshmeh - ye Nazem ( Persian : چهارچشمه ناظم‎ , also Romanized as Chahār Cheshmeh - ye Nāz̧em ; also known as Chahār Cheshmeh ) is a village in Japelaq - e Gharbi Rural District , Japelaq District , Azna County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Wilder Park Conservatory is a conservatory and botanical garden located in Wilder Park at 225 Prospect Avenue in Elmhurst , Illinois .
Pedra de São Domingos is a rock formation located between the municipalities of Córrego do Bom Jesus and Gonçalves , Minas Gerais , Brazil .
The USA International Speedway was an oval located near Lakeland , Florida , United States , that opened in 1995 .
Anna Maria College ( AMC ) is a coeducational Catholic liberal arts college in Paxton , Massachusetts .
The Sammamish River ( also known as Sammamish Slough ) flows through north King County , Washington for about 14 miles ( 23 km ) , draining Lake Sammamish into Lake Washington .
The Olympic Rink was an ice hockey venue in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada that was located at the corner of Church Avenue and Charles Street in Winnipeg 's North End .
Dylife is a former mining settlement in Powys , Wales , located at the head of Afon Twymyn in the Cambrian Mountains , one mile west of the road between Llanidloes and Llanbrynmair ( B4518 ) .
Macy 's Herald Square , originally known as the R. H. Macy and Company Store , is the flagship of Macy 's department stores , located on Herald Square in Manhattan , New York City .
The Blue Jay Inn , located in Buffalo Creek , Colorado was built in the 1880s and has served the local working lumbermen as a boarding house , been a girls retreat , operated as an inn and a restaurant .
Dalvík is on the western shore of Eyjafjörður in the valley of Svarfaðardalur .
Fort Ricasoli ( Maltese : Forti Rikażli ) is a bastioned fort in Kalkara , Malta , which was built by the Order of Saint John between 1670 and 1698 .
Monte San Giusto is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Macerata in the Italian region Marche , located about 45 kilometres ( 28 mi ) south of Ancona and about 14 kilometres ( 9 mi ) southeast of Macerata .
The Potsdam Gate ( German : Potsdamer Tor ) was one of the western gates of the Berlin Customs Wall , south of the still - standing Brandenburg Gate .
Dahaneh Tangal ( Persian : دهنه تنگل‎ ; also known as Dahaneh Tangal - e Āb Garm and Darb - e Tangal ) is a village in Heruz Rural District , Kuhsaran District , Ravar County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Augusta Health , formerly Augusta Medical Center , is a hospital in Fishersville , Virginia .
Fiddington is a village and civil parish 2.5 miles ( 4 km ) north - east of Nether Stowey , and 6 miles ( 10 km ) north - west of Bridgwater in the Sedgemoor district of Somerset , England .
Newton North High School , formerly Newton High School , is the larger and longer - established of two public high schools in Newton , Massachusetts , with about 1738 students , the other being Newton South High School .
Butzbach ( German pronunciation : ( ˈbʊtsbax ) ) is a town in the Wetteraukreis district in Hessen , Germany .
The Thomas Woodrow Wilson Boyhood Home is located in Columbia , South Carolina and was one of the childhood homes of the 28th President of the United States , Woodrow Wilson .
Kolonia Janów ( kɔˈlɔɲa ˈjanuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Black Hills National Forest is located in southwestern South Dakota and northeastern Wyoming .
The Carlos Bulosan Theatre ( CBT ) is a Filipino - Canadian , community - based , professional theatre in Toronto , Ontario that was founded after Carlos Bulosan .
Halabcheh Camp ( Persian : اردوگاه حلبچه‎ -- Ardūgāh Ḩalabcheh ) is a village in Gowdin Rural District , in the Central District of Kangavar County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Cann Hall is a ward , and former civil parish , in the London Borough of Waltham Forest .
Kotka is located on the coast of the Gulf of Finland at the mouth of Kymi River and it is part of the Kymenlaakso region in southern Finland .
Panzdah - e Khordad ( Persian : پانزده خرداد‎ , also Romanized as Pānzdah - e Khordād ) is a village in Lumar Rural District , Central District , Sirvan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Store Magleby is a Danish town , seat with Dragør of the Dragør Municipality , in the Region Hovedstaden .
Qandabad ( Persian : قنداباد‎ , also Romanized as Qandābād ) is a village in Baghin Rural District , in the Central District of Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
WSPK ( 104.7 FM , `` K-104.7 '' ) is a CHR radio station licensed to Poughkeepsie , New York and broadcasting from studios in Fishkill .
Filgah ( Persian : فيلگاه‎ , also Romanized as Fīlgāh ) is a village in Dehdasht - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Alexander Campbell Mansion , also known as Campbell Mansion or Alexander Campbell House was the home of minister Alexander Campbell and his family in West Virginia .
T.Kallupatti , is a panchayat town in Madurai district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Esfajin ( Persian : اسفجين‎ , also Romanized as Esfajīn and Esfejīn ; also known as Isbadzhin and Isbājin ) is a village in Zanjanrud - e Bala Rural District , in the Central District of Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
The Mount Adams Wilderness is a 47,708-acre ( 19,307 ha ) wilderness area in the U.S. state of Washington managed by the U.S. Forest Service .
The Pontotoc County Courthouse is a Late 19th and 20th Century Revival architectural style building located at the corner of 13th Street and Broadway Avenue in Ada , Oklahoma .
Smith Academy , a combination junior and senior high , is a small public school in Hatfield , Massachusetts .
Piz Ela is a mountain in the Albula Alps , overlooking Bergün , in the Swiss canton of Graubünden .
Choqa Said ( Persian : چقاسعيد‎ , also Romanized as Choqā Sa``īd ; also known as Choghā Sa``īd and Choqā ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Harsin County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 530 , in 127 families .
WBLB is a Southern Gospel and Black Gospel formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Pulaski , Virginia , serving Pulaski and Pulaski County , Virginia .
Igbo Landing ( alternatively written as Ibo Landing , Ebo Landing , or Ebos Landing ) is a historic site in the sand and marshes of Dunbar Creek in St. Simons Island , Glynn County , Georgia .
KEMC broadcasts from the campus of Montana State University - Billings .
Halifax Transit is a Canadian public transport agency operating buses and ferries in Nova Scotia 's Halifax Regional Municipality ( HRM ) .
Darreh Khoshkeh ( Persian : دره خشكه‎ ) is a village in Kalatrazan Rural District , Kalatrazan District , Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Monte Sano State Park is a publicly owned recreation area and mountaintop retreat encompassing 2,140 acres ( 870 ha ) on the eastern portion of the top and slopes of Monte Sano Mountain on the east side of Huntsville , Alabama .
Sud Kola ( Persian : سودكلا‎ , also Romanized as Sūd Kolā ) is a village in Banaft Rural District , Dodangeh District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Château de Careil is a fortified house in the commune of Guérande in the Loire - Atlantique département of France .
Savage Dam is a dam across the Otay River in southern San Diego County , California .
Gurab Dagchi ( Persian : گوراب دگچي‎ , also Romanized as Gūrāb Dagchī ; also known as Dagchī ) is a village in Chelo Rural District , Chelo District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Turahi ( Persian : تورهي‎ , also Romanized as Tūrahī ) is a village in Tashan - e Sharqi Rural District , Tashan District , Behbahan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Medina Valley , also known as the Medina River Valley , is an area in south central Texas containing the Medina River , Lake Medina , and the Medina Dam .
WQYZ ( 92.5 FM , `` 92.5 The Beat '' ) is a radio station located in Biloxi , Mississippi , USA , that plays urban adult contemporary hits .
Dezg - e Pain ( Persian : دزگپايين‎ , also Romanized as Dezg - e Pā’īn and Dezag - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Baqeran Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
West Central District ( Chinese : 中西區 ; pinyin : Zhōngxī Qū ; Wade -- Giles : Chung - hsi Chü ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Tiong - se - khu ) is a district located in the central of Tainan City , Taiwan .
Lost Pass is a mountain pass in the Olympic Mountains state of Washington .
Thillens Stadium is a two - field baseball stadium in Chicago , Illinois .
WPJX 1500 is an AM radio station , licensed to Zion , Illinois , that has aired a Spanish format since February 2011 .
Tańsk - Przedbory ( ˈtaɲsk pʂɛdˈbɔrɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgowo , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Bahulara ( Bengali : বহুলাড়া ) is a census village under Onda II village panchayat , in Bankura district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
The W. B. Davis Hosiery Mill ( also known as the Alabama Builders ' Hardware Manufacturing Company Complex ) is a historic industrial complex in Fort Payne , Alabama .
The Buffalo Ridge is sixty miles long and runs through Lincoln County , Pipestone County , Murray County , Nobles County , and Rock County in the southwest corner of Minnesota .
Shahid Ab Shanasan Garrison ( Persian : پادگان شهيد آب شناسان‎ -- Pādegān - e Shahīd Āb Shanāsān ) is a village and military installation in Anzal - e Jonubi Rural District , Anzal District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Wilczyny ( vilˈt͡ʂɨnɨ ) ( German Wolfshagen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Srokowo , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Sefid Jan ( Persian : سفيدجان‎ , also Romanized as Sefīd Jān ) is a village in Dughayi Rural District , in the Central District of Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Broadwell Lake , sometimes called Broadwell Dry Lake , is a dry lake bed in the Mojave Desert of San Bernardino County , California , 75 km ( 47 mi ) east of Barstow .
Aix Cathedral ( French : Cathédrale Saint - Sauveur d'Aix - en - Provence ) in Aix - en - Provence in southern France is a Roman Catholic cathedral and the seat of the Archbishop of Aix .
The Edwin C. Denby High School is a public secondary education school located at 12800 Kelly Road in northeastern Detroit , Michigan .
The Musée de la Chasse et de la Nature ( Museum of Hunting and Nature ) is a private museum of hunting and nature located at 62 , rue des Archives , 3rd arrondissement of Paris , France .
The Double Adobe Site is an archaeological site in southern Arizona , twelve miles northwest of Douglas in the Whitewater Draw area .
Eslamabad - e Makdin ( Persian : اسلام ابادمكدين‎ , also Romanized as Eslāmābād - e Makdīn ) is a village in Pishkuh - e Mugui Rural District , in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Klinge ( Lower Sorbian : Glinka ) is a village in the Lausitz region , east of the city of Cottbus in Brandenburg .
Huta Borowska ( ˈxuta bɔˈrɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodel , within Opole Lubelskie County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Riverview Medical Center is a 476-bed acute care community hospital located in Red Bank , New Jersey , United States .
Croxley Green is a large suburb of Rickmansworth and a civil parish of approximately 5,000 dwellings and 12,000 residents located between Watford ( to the north - east ) and Rickmansworth ( to the south - west ) in Hertfordshire , England .
Band Dalaver ( Persian : بنددلاور‎ ) is a village in Narjeh Rural District , in the Central District of Takestan County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Carnoustie ( /kɑːrˈnuːsti/ ; Scottish Gaelic : Càrn Ùstaidh ) is a town and former police burgh in the council area of Angus , Scotland .
Amu Kandi ( Persian : عموكندي‎ , also Romanized as `` Amū Kandī ) is a village in Zarrineh Rud Rural District , Bizineh Rud District , Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 268 , in 51 families .
The Cushing House Museum and Garden ( circa 1808 ) , also known as the Caleb Cushing House , is a Federal style mansion with fine garden located at 98 High Street , Newburyport , Massachusetts , United States .
Ernei ( Hungarian : Nagyernye ; Hungarian pronunciation : ( nɒɟɛrɲɛ ) ) is a commune in Mureş County , Transylvania , Romania , composed of six villages :
Dahaneh - ye Ojaq ( Persian : دهنه اجاق‎ , also Romanized as Dahaneh - ye Ojāq , Dahaneh Ojāq , Dahaneh - yē Ūjāq , and Dehāneh - i - Ujāgat ) is a village in Bam Rural District , Bam and Safiabad District , Esfarayen County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Bovirdeh ( Persian : بويرده‎ , also Romanized as Bovīrdeh and Boveyr Deh ; also known as Bavāredeh and Bwairda ) is a village in Abdoliyeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Ramshir County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Alvaniyeh ( Persian : علوانيه‎ , also Romanized as `` Alvānīyeh ) is a village in Gazin Rural District , Raghiveh District , Haftgel County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 153 , in 25 families .
Lake Simcoe is a lake in Southern Ontario , Canada , the fourth - largest lake wholly in the province , after Lake Nipigon , Lac Seul , and Lake Nipissing .
Built in 1912 , the First Presbyterian Church of Redmond is the oldest standing church structure in the city of Redmond , Oregon , United States .
The Residence , also known as Woodberry , is a historic home located on the grounds of Woodberry Forest School at Woodberry Forest , Madison County , Virginia .
Leśniakowizna ( lɛɕɲakɔˈvizna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołomin , within Wołomin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Buchanhaven is a village within the town of Peterhead in the district of Buchan , Aberdeenshire , in northeastern Scotland .
Bartkowa ( bartˈkɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek nad Dunajcem , within Nowy Sącz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
' Santa Rita do Passa Quatro is a city and municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil .
WVAS ( 90.7 FM ) is a jazz - music formatted radio station in the Montgomery , Alabama , market licensed to the Alabama State University .
Amir Deh ( Persian : اميرده‎ , also Romanized as Amīr Deh ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Stara Korytnica ( ˈstara kɔrɨtˈnit͡sa ) ( German : Alt Körtnitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalisz Pomorski , within Drawsko County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Buckminster is a village and civil parish within the Melton district of Leicestershire , England .
Heber Springs Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KHBZ , FAA LID : HBZ ) is a public - use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) northeast of the central business district of Heber Springs , in Cleburne County , Arkansas , United States .
Eagle Ridge Mall is a regional , enclosed shopping mall located on the north side of Lake Wales , Florida .
Sharabian Rural District ( Persian : دهستان شربيان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Mehraban District , Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Tamay ( Persian : تماي‎ , also Romanized as Tamāy ; also known as Tamāk ) is a village in Ansar Rural District , in the Central District of Takab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Lipniak - Majorat ( ˈlipɲak maˈjɔrat ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długosiodło , within Wyszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Alta Plaza is a park in San Francisco , California , USA and caps the top of the western edge of Pacific Heights .
Fields Spring State Park is a 792-acre ( 321 ha ) Washington state park located 4.5 miles ( 7.2 km ) south of Anatone , Washington ( or 30 miles ( 48 km ) south of Clarkston ) , on State Route 129 .
Tighiyeh ( Persian : تيغيه‎ , also Romanized as Tīghīyeh ) is a village in Vilkij - e Jonubi Rural District , Vilkij District , Namin County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Adg ( Persian : ادگ‎ , also Romanized as Adk ) is a village in Fazl Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Linyuan District ( Chinese : 林園區 ; pinyin : Línyuán Qū ) is a suburban district of Kaohsiung City , Taiwan .
Le Bassin d'Apollo ( En : The Fountain of Apollo ) is a fountain at the Palace of Versailles , France .
Knotty Ash is an area of Liverpool , Merseyside , England and a Liverpool City Council Ward , it was historically within the county of Lancashire .
The Synchrotron Radiation Center ( SRC ) , located in Stoughton , Wisconsin and operated by the University of Wisconsin--
The name `` East Cape '' is also used to refer to the Gisborne region around the cape stretching from just north of the Mahia Peninsula northwards , and inland to Te Urewera National Park .
The Unión y el Fénix Español building , destined to be the headquarters of the former insurance company `` La Unión y el Fénix Español '' , was one of the first skyscrapers in Madrid .
Mahraman ( Persian : محرمان‎ , also Romanized as Maḩramān ) is a village in Chubar Rural District , Ahmadsargurab District , Shaft County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Elmstead Pit is a geological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Elmstead in the London Borough of Bromley .
Lancaster County House of Employment , also known as Old County Hospital Building No . 1 , is a historic building located at Lancaster Township , Lancaster County , Pennsylvania .
Heffen is a village and deelgemeente in the municipality of Mechelen in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
The Lauderdale Wildlife Management Area is an Alabama Wildlife Management Area ( WMA ) operated by the Alabama Department of Conservation and Natural Resources in Lauderdale County , Alabama near Waterloo , Alabama .
The Conservatory Garden is the only formal garden in Central Park , New York City .
The Sun Gro Centre is a multi - purpose recreation complex located in the town of Beausejour , Manitoba .
The Hamersley River is an ephemeral river in the Great Southern region of Western Australia .
Coqueiral is a municipality in the south of the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais .
Żarnowa ( ʐarˈnɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzyżów , within Strzyżów County , Podkarpackie Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Prusinowo Wałeckie ( pruɕiˈnɔvɔ vaˈwɛt͡skʲɛ ) ( German : Preußendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz , within Wałcz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Olaf Lee House was built in 1905 at 955 Jessie Street North in Saint Paul , Minnesota , United States , and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
The House at 309 Waltham Street in Newton , Massachusetts , is a well - preserved high style Greek Revival house .
Partaleh ( Persian : پرتاله‎ , also Romanized as Partāleh ; also known as Moḩammadābād ) is a village in Bilavar Rural District , in the Central District of Kamyaran County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Dukeville , North Carolina was built as a mill village along the banks of the Yadkin River in 1926 to house plant employees of the Buck Steam Station .
General Mitchell International Airport ( IATA : MKE , ICAO : KMKE , FAA LID : MKE ) is a civil - military airport five miles ( 8 km ) south of downtown Milwaukee , Wisconsin , United States .
Chah - e Yavari ( Persian : چاه ياوري‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Yāvarī ; also known as Chāh - e Bāhūr ) is a village in Momenabad Rural District , in the Central District of Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Bullis Charter School ( BCS ) is a public charter school located in Los Altos , California , USA , for grades kindergarten through eighth .
Farm to Market Road 1128 ( FM 1128 ) is a farm to market road located in Brazoria County , Texas .
Webb Hill is a hill located in St. George , Utah , in Washington County .
The John Brett Richeson House in Maysville , Kentucky was built in 1832 and purchased by John Richeson , an educator from Charlottesville , Virginia , for his wife Mildred Richeson and their eight children .
Farm to Market Road 346 , or FM 346 , is a 28.760-mile ( 46.285 km ) farm to market road in Cherokee and Smith counties , Texas .
WLKJ is a radio station in Johnstown , Pennsylvania , located at 105.7 MHz . WLKJ broadcasts the K - LOVE Network , and is owned by EMF Broadcasting .
Tak - e Zow ( Persian : تكزو‎ ; also known as Mīrzā Āqā’ī ) is a village in Kakhk Rural District , Kakhk District , Gonabad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Kahn - e Nowruz ( Persian : كهن نوروز‎ , also Romanized as Kahn - e Nowrūz ) is a village in Rameshk Rural District , Chah Dadkhoda District , Qaleh Ganj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Cheshmeh Barad ( Persian : چشمه برد‎ ; also known as Nūrābād ) is a village in Koregah - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Groenlo ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈɣrunloː ) ) is a city in the municipality of Oost Gelre , situated in the eastern part of the Netherlands on the German border , a region in the province of Gelderland called the Achterhoek ( literally : `` back corner '' ) .
WGLC - FM is a radio station licensed to Mendota , Illinois , covering Northern Illinois , including Mendota , LaSalle , Princeton , and Peru .
The TRS-80 Color Computer started out as a joint venture between Tandy Corporation of Fort Worth , Texas and Motorola Semiconductor , Inc. of Austin , to develop a low - cost home computer in 1977 .
The Matra R.530 is a French medium to short range air - to - air missile .
The AN / APQ-181 is an all - weather , low probability of intercept ( LPI ) radar system designed by Hughes Aircraft ( now Raytheon ) for the U.S. Air Force B-2A Spirit bomber aircraft .
The Auto Avio Costruzioni 815 was the first car to be fully designed and built by Enzo Ferrari .
Baldwin 60000 is an experimental steam locomotive built by the Baldwin Locomotive Works in Eddystone , Pennsylvania in 1926 , during the height of the railroading industry .
The HTC Wildfire is a smartphone developed by the HTC Corporation , that was announced on 17 May 2010 and released in Europe in June of the same year .
Byford Dolphin drilling rig is an Enhanced Aker H-3 design which was built by Aker Group at the Aker Verdal shipyard in 1974 .
The Zastava M72 is a light machine gun developed and manufactured by then Yugoslav Zastava Arms company .
The Westinghouse J34 , company designation Westinghouse 24C , was a turbojet engine developed by Westinghouse Aviation Gas Turbine Division in the late 1940s .
The Marussia B - Series was a series of sports cars built by Russian automaker Marussia Motors ( pronounced ma - rus - ya ) .
Swingfire was developed by Fairey Engineering Ltd and the British Aircraft Corporation .
The Remington Model 7600 is a series of pump - action , centerfire rifles made by Remington Arms .
The CGR class C1 and C1a were steam locomotives of the Garratt type built by Beyer , Peacock and Company for the Ceylon Government Railways ( CGR ) , now Sri Lanka Railways .
Built in 1998 by Italian shipbuilder Fincantieri , Disney Magic can hold approximately 2,700 passengers .
The AGM-176 Griffin is a lightweight , precision - guided munition developed by Raytheon .
Built in the United States by Aerojet Rocketdyne ( formerly , Pratt & Whitney Rocketdyne ) , the J-2X burns cryogenic liquid hydrogen & liquid oxygen propellants , with each engine producing 1,307 kN ( 294,000 lbf ) of thrust in vacuum at a specific impulse ( Isp ) of 448 seconds ( 4.39 km / s ) .
The Sky Scorcher project was proposed by the Convair Division of General Dynamics to the United States Air Force in 1956 .
The Halford Special was a Grand Prix racing car of the 1920s built by engine designer Major Frank Halford on the chassis of an early Side Valve Aston Martin tourer .
Mercedes Otero de Ramos ( died June 20 , 2012 ) was a Puerto Rican politician and public servant from the Popular Democratic Party ( PPD ) .
Ian McKee ( b. 1940 ) is an English - born Scottish National Party politician who was Member of the Scottish Parliament for Lothians region from 2007 to 2011 .
Jane Dowdall ( 29 September 1899 -- 10 December 1974 ) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician , nurse and company director .
Owen John Thomas MA ( born in Cardiff , 1939 ) is a former Plaid Cymru politician who represented the South Wales Central region in the National Assembly for Wales from 1999 to 2007 .
Lewis Payn Dawnay ( 1 April 1846 -- 30 July 1910 ) was an English Conservative Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1880 to 1892 .
Charles Lollar ( born June 22 , 1971 ) is an American businessman and Republican Party politician .
( Michael Christopher ) Noel Davern ( 24 December 1945 -- 27 October 2013 ) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician .
Kenneth Roy Thomason , OBE ( born 14 December 1944 ) , known as Roy Thomason , is a British Conservative Party politician who was a local government leader and served one term as a member of parliament .
Edward Strutt , 1st Baron Belper PC , FRS ( 26 October 1801 -- 30 June 1880 ) , was a British Liberal Party politician .
Jens - Halvard Bratz ( 21 April 1920 -- 19 January 2005 ) was a Norwegian businessman and politician for the Conservative Party .
Mats Einarsson ( born 1960 ) is a Swedish Left Party politician , member of the Riksdag 1998 - -2006 .
Beni Lar is a politician of the People 's Democratic Party from Plateau State , Nigeria .
Sergio Tolento Hernández ( born 22 December 1959 ) is a Mexican surgeon politician from the National Action Party .
Amran Abdul Ghani ( born 12 August 1973 ) was the Member of the Parliament of Malaysia for the Tanah Merah constituency in Kelantan from 2008 to 2013 , sitting as a member of the People 's Justice Party ( PKR ) in the Pakatan Rakyat opposition coalition .
Abu Hena is an Indian National Congress politician , who was a cabinet minister and is a five - time MLA .
Gerhard Roßbach ( February 28 , 1893 -- August 30 , 1967 ) , also spelt Rossbach , was a German Freikorps leader and organizer of nationalist groups after World War I. He is generally credited with inventing the brown colored uniforms of the Nazi Party after supplying surplus tropical khaki shirts to early troops of the Sturmabteilung .
Marie Borge Refsum ( born 20 March 1927 ) is a Norwegian politician , who served as a member of the Conservative Party .
Rahul Shewale ( Marathi : राहुल शेवाळे)(born 1973 ) is an Indian politician from the Shiv Sena and the Lok Sabha member from the Mumbai South Central constituency .
Rossana Dinamarca ( born 2 January 1974 in Santiago , Chile ) is a Chilean exile and Swedish Left Party politician and student .
Henrika Juliana von Liewen ( 16 February 1709 -- 26 August 1779 ) was a Swedish noble , socialite and lady - in - waiting , politically active on behalf of the Hats ( party ) during the Age of liberty .
Antonio Hernández Mancha ( born April 1 , 1951 , Guareña , Badajoz ) is a former Spanish politician and former president of the People 's Alliance political party from 1987 - 1989 .
Bilal Ag Acherif ( born 1977 , last name alternatively spelled Cherif ) is the Secretary - General of the National Movement for the Liberation of Azawad ( MNLA ) and president of a briefly independent Azawad .
Winifred Ann Taylor , Baroness Taylor of Bolton , PC ( born 2 July 1947 ) is a British Labour Party politician , who was Minister for International Defence and Security , based at both the Ministry of Defence and the Foreign and Commonwealth Office , from October 2008 until 11 May 2010 .
Joseph J. Roberts , Jr. ( born July 14 , 1952 ) is an American Democratic Party politician who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 1987 to 2010 , where he represented the 5th Legislative District .
Erhard Heiden ( 23 February 1901 -- c. April 1933 ) was an early member of the Nazi Party and the third commander of the paramilitary wing of Schutzstaffel ( SS ) , the Sturmabteilung ( `` Storm Detachment ; SA '' ) .
Lyonpo Sangay Ngedup , whose demonstrated leadership style is democratic , was unanimously elected as president and leader of the newly constituted People 's Democratic Party .
Luc Recordon ( born on 20 September 1955 in Pully ) is a Swiss politician , member of the Green Party of Switzerland , representing Vaud in the Swiss National Council and then in the Swiss Council of States .
Norma Violeta Dávila Salinas is a Mexican teacher and politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party .
David Kimutai Too ( August 23 , 1968 -- January 31 , 2008 ) was a Kenyan politician affiliated to the Orange Democratic Movement ( ODM ) .
Murli Manohar ( born 15 December 1895 , date of death unknown ) was an Indian politician from Uttar Pradesh state , and the member of parliament in 1962 for the Ballia Lok Sabha constituency from Indian National Congress .
Gaspar Zarrías Arevalo ( born April 30 , 1955 Madrid , Spain ) is a Spanish lawyer , politician and member of the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party ( PSOE ) , which he joined in 1972 .
Sir Joseph Alan Meale ( born 31 July 1949 ) is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Mansfield since 1987 .
Armando Calderón Sol ( born June 24 , 1948 ) was President of El Salvador from June 1 , 1994 to June 1 , 1999 , representing the Nationalist Republican Alliance ( ARENA ) .
Ruth Lilian Brekke ( born 25 August 1938 ) is a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party , She served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Akershus during the term 2001 - -2005 .
Wang Huiwu ( Chinese : 王会悟 ; May 1898 -- 20 October 1993 ) was a social reformer , a Communist Party of China ( CCP ) women 's organizer ( in the early years ) , as well as a proponent of women 's emancipation .
Ole Myrvoll ( 18 May 1911 -- 16 July 1988 ) was a Norwegian professor in economy and politician for the Liberal Party and later the New People 's Party .
Driss Lachgar ( Arabic : ادريس لشݣر‎ -- born 1954 , Rabat ) is a Moroccan politician of the Socialist Union of Popular Forces party .
Mario Mantovani ( born 28 July 1950 in Arconate ) is an Italian politician , Member of the European Parliament 1999 - 2009 for North - West with the Forza Italia , part of the European People 's Party , Italian Senator and Vice - minister of Infrastructures and Transports since 2008 .
Susana Díaz Pacheco ( Spanish pronunciation : ( suˈsana ˈði.aθ ) ; born 18 October 1974 ) is a Spanish politician and member of the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party , currently President of the Regional Government of Andalusia and Secretary - General of the PSOE Andalusian branch .
Sam Carr ( July 7 , 1906 - -1989 ) was an organizer for the Communist Party of Canada and , its successor , the Labor - Progressive Party in the 1930s and 1940s .
John Timmons JP ( 14 May 1890 -- 21 November 1964 ) was a British coalminer and Labour Party politician .
Claude J. Jasper was Chairman of the Republican Party of Wisconsin in 1958 .
Rajaji Mathew Thomas is a journalist and an Communist Party of India politician from Thrissur and Member of the Legislative Assembly of Ollur to Kerala Legislative Assembly in 2006 .
Frederick Clifton White , Sr . , known as F. Clifton White or Clif White ( June 13 , 1918 - January 9 , 1993 ) , was an American political consultant and campaign manager for candidates of the Republican Party , the New York Conservative Party , and some foreign clients .
Thomas E. Coleman ( 1893 - -1964 ) , was Chairman of the Republican Party of Wisconsin .
Jānis Straume ( born 27 August 1962 in Sigulda , Latvian SSR ) is a former Latvian politician for For Fatherland and Freedom / LNNK ( TB / LNNK ) .
Zachary Wong Wai - yin ( born 22 December 1957 , Hong Kong ) is a Yuen Long District Councillor ( representing Nam Ping ) for the Meeting Point and later Democratic Party and former member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong .
José M. Dávila Monsanto ( November 2 , 1905 -- April 4 , 2001 ) was a Puerto Rican politician and lawyer who in 1938 co - founded the political party Partido Popular Democrático de Puerto Rico ( Popular Democratic Party of Puerto Rico or `` PPD '' ) .
Daniel Jesús Granja Peniche ( born 7 August 1986 ) is a Mexican politician from the Institutional Revolutionary Party .
Brad Courtney is the chairman of the Republican Party of Wisconsin .
Peter Angelo Cavicchia ( May 22 , 1879 -- September 11 , 1967 ) was an American Republican Party politician from New Jersey , who served in the United States House of Representatives , where he represented New Jersey 's 11th congressional district .
Joseph Rakowski is an American Democratic Party politician who served as Acting Mayor of Jersey City , New Jersey .
Alberto Fermín Zubiría was a prominent member of the Uruguayan Colorado Party , which ruled the country for long periods .
Nathaniel Exum is an American politician from Maryland , a member of the Democratic Party and former member of the Maryland State Senate , representing Maryland 's District 24 in Prince George 's County .
Alfred Gusenbauer ( born 8 February 1960 ) is an Austrian politician who until 2008 spent his entire professional life as an employee of the Social Democratic Party of Austria ( SPÖ ) or as a parliamentary representative .
Kevin DeWine ( born October 11 , 1967 ) was the chairman of the Ohio Republican Party , serving from January 2009 until April 13 , 2012 .
Massimiliano Fedriga ( born 2 July 1980 ) is an Italian Northern League politician .
Johan Martens ( 20 November 1861 -- 19 December 1932 ) was a Norwegian ship broker , politician for the Liberal Party and sports official .
Ludwig Kögl ( born 7 March 1966 in Penzberg ) is a former German football player who played as a midfielder , most notably with FC Bayern Munich and VfB Stuttgart .
Hasan Rustamov ( born 30 November 1987 ) is a Tajikistani footballer who plays for FK Khujand and the Tajikistan national football team .
Frank Minnifield ( born January 1 , 1960 , Lexington , Kentucky ) is a former American football player who played defensive back for the Cleveland Browns from 1984 - 92 .
Julien Frier ( born September 28 , 1974 ) is a French rugby union player and currently the captain of the Top 14 team CS Bourgoin - Jallieu .
Flip Johnson played in 27 National Football League games in 1988 and 1989 for the Buffalo Bills as a wide receiver and returner .
John Fruhmorgen ( born September 28 , 1965 ) was an American football Player in the National Football League for the Miami Dolphins and in The World Football League , London Monarchs .
Francis Boadi ( born 23 November 1991 in Ghana ) is a Ghanaian footballer , currently playing as a Midfielder for Great Olympics in the Ghanaian Premiership .
Steve Lyon ( born May 16 , 1952 in Toronto , Ontario ) is a former professional ice hockey player who played in the National Hockey League with the Pittsburgh Penguins .
Ray Hogan born 21 November 1981 in Limerick , Ireland is a former rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership .
Emili Vicente Vives ( born in La Seu d'Urgell , January 2 , 1965 ) is a former Spanish footballer who played for UE Lleida , Balaguer and Tàrrega .
Issiac Holt , III ( born October 4 , 1962 ) is a former professional American football cornerback in the National Football League for the Minnesota Vikings and Dallas Cowboys .
Richard Tambling ( born 12 September 1986 ) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Richmond Football Club and Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League .
Luc Tardif Jr. ( born November 30 , 1984 in Rouen , France ) is a French professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Brûleurs de Loups of the Ligue Magnus .
William McBeath ( 7 May 1856 -- 15 July 1917 ) was a Scottish footballer and one of the founding members of Rangers Football Club .
Joos Valgaeren ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈjoːs fɑɫ.ˈʝaː.rə(n ) ) , born 3 March 1976 in Leuven ) is a former Belgian international footballer who lastly played as a defender for FC Emmen in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Tamás Huszák ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈtɒmaːʃ ˈhusaːk ) ; born October 2 , 1988 in Miskolc ) is a Hungarian football ( midfielder ) player who currently plays for Debreceni VSC .
Pete Bucknall ( born 24 August 1982 ) is a professional rugby union player for Leeds Carnegie His primary position is prop .
Roger DeJordy ( born August 28 , 1937 ) was a Canadian professional hockey player who played for the Hershey Bears in the American Hockey League .
Saleh Selim was the first Egyptian soccer player in Austria and it was a `` transfer - sensation '' when he joined Grazer AK and scored 3 goals in 6 championship - games ( 10/6 with friendly - games included ) for the oldest Styrian football club during the 1962 - -63 season .
Joni Yli - Torkko ( born April 14 , 1982 ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward who is a current member of SaiPa in the SM - liiga .
Álvaro Henrique Alves Pires , or simply Álvaro Pires , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defensive - midfielder , he currently plays for Nacional Futebol Clube .
Saido Indjai ( born 19 July 1981 in Bissau ) , commonly known as Banjai , is a Guinea - Bissauan professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club Leixões S.C. as a central defender .
Diogo Antunes de Oliveira ( born October 20 , 1986 in Arapongas , Paraná ) , most commonly known as Diogo , is a Brazilian defensive midfielder who currently plays for Vegalta Sendai .
Anthony Toney ( born September 23 , 1962 in Salinas , California ) is a former professional American football running back for five seasons in the National Football League for the Philadelphia Eagles .
Nikos Boutzikos ( Greek : Νίκος Μπουτζίκος ) ( born 6 September 1989 ) is a young Greek footballer who plays for Anagennisi Giannitsa F.C. in the Football League .
Jozef Talian ( born 5 September 1985 in Bardejov ) is a Slovak football goalkeeper who currently plays for club 1 . FC Tatran Prešov .
Born in Conakry , Kalla Toure played with Hafia Football Club and Étoile du Congo before moving to Serbia .
Colton Murray ( born April 22 , 1990 ) is an American professional baseball right - handed relief pitcher for the Philadelphia Phillies of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) .
Massimo Ornatelli ( born 17 January 1986 ) is an Italian - German footballer who plays for VfL Osnabrück .
Yannick Macoa ( born May 17 , 1984 ) is a Mauritian international footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Pointe - aux - Sables Mates .
Yiannis Ioannou ( born on 10 September 1989 ) is a Swiss / Cypriot / GB professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Chalkanoras Idaliou .
Danny van der Ree ( born 21 September 1988 in The Hague ) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for ADO Den Haag .
Bryan Stoltenberg ( August 25 , 1972 -- January 4 , 2013 ) was a professional American football player who played offensive lineman for the San Diego Chargers , New York Giants , and Carolina Panthers .
Patrick Burgmeier ( born 24 May 1980 ) is a Liechtenstein footballer , who plays for USV Eschen / Mauren in the Swiss 1 .
Tom Soetaers ( born 21 July 1980 ) is a Belgian footballer is currently unattached to a club after recently departing KV Mechelen .
Ioan Drăgan ( 2 December 1965 -- 2 January 2012 ) was a Romanian footballer who played 169 matches for FC Brașov .
Ralf Minge ( born 8 October 1960 ) is a German former footballer , later a coach , who currently works as sporting director of Dynamo Dresden .
Oliver Zelenika ( pronounced ( ǒliʋer zelěnika ) ; born 14 May 1993 ) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for NK Lokomotiva in the Prva HNL .
Dzhemal Kyzylatesh ( Ukrainian : Джемаль Алієвич Кизилатеш ; Turkish : Cemâl Ali Kizilateş ; born on 14 March 1994 in Istanbul , Turkey ) is a Turkish - born Ukrainian midfielder who plays for FC Vorskla Poltava in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Rene Swette ( born August 21 , 1988 ) is an Austrian professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing with the EC KAC of the Austrian Hockey League ( EBEL ) .
Mazin Masoud Darwish Al - Kasbi commonly known as Mazin Al - Kasbi ( Arabic : مازن بن مسعود الكاسبي‎ ; born 27 April 1993 ) is an Omani footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Fanja SC .
Kendrick Jones ( born November 30 , 1982 in East St. Louis , Illinois ) is a free agent wide receiver who last played for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League .
Tunahan Cicek ( born 12 May 1992 in Arbon ) is a Swiss - born professional footballer who currently plays for FC Winterthur as a midfielder .
Jordi César López Delgado ( born 27 March 1992 ) , known as Jordi César , is a Spanish footballer who plays for Cultural y Deportiva Leonesa as a central defender or a left back .
Gordon Craig Baynham ( born July 24 , 1944 in Casper , Wyoming ) is a former American football running back in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys , Chicago Bears , and the St. Louis Cardinals .
Manfred Pamminger ( born December 28 , 1977 ) is an Austrian football player currently playing for SC Rheindorf Altach .
Jorge Troiteiro Carasco ( born 9 April 1984 in Almansa , Albacete , Castile - La Mancha ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Mérida AD as an attacking midfielder .
Alexander Kovalyev ( Russian : Александр Ковалёв ; born 24 September 1986 ) is a professional footballer who plays defender for FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk .
Rostyslav Horetskyi ( born 4 February 1979 in Ukraine , Soviet Union ) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Lviv in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Rob Harley ( born 26 May 1990 ) is a Scottish rugby union player for Glasgow Warriors in the RaboDirect Pro12 .
Stefan Nutz ( born 15 February 1992 ) is an Austrian footballer who plays for SK Rapid Wien .
Amanda Frisbie ( born May 29 , 1992 ) is an American soccer defender who currently plays for the FC Kansas City of the National Women 's Soccer League .
Wilhelm Burgsmüller ( born 18 January 1932 in Dortmund ) is a German former football defender who played for Borussia Dortmund between 1952 and 1966 .
Shad Meier was drafted as the 90th overall pick of the 2001 NFL Draft for Tennessee Titans .
Are Tronseth ( born 3 September 1981 in Trondheim ) is a Norwegian football defender who currently plays for Ranheim Fotball in the Norwegian First Division .
Denis Franskevich ( born June 6 , 1981 in Karaganda , Kazakh SSR , USSR ) is a Kazakhstani - Russian professional ice hockey goaltender who currently plays for Rubin Tyumen of the Higher Hockey League ( VHL ) .
Sverre Brandhaug ( born 22 June 1959 ) is a retired football player from Norway , who played as a central midfield from 1981 to 1991 for Rosenborg BK in the Norwegian Premier League .
Henryk Jaźnicki ( September 6 , 1917 -- February 25 , 2004 ) was a Polish football player , forward representing Polonia Warsaw and Polish National Team .
Heinz Beck ( August 19 , 1928 -- December 12 , 2006 ) was a former football player best known for his stint at Karlsruher SC .
Lance Whitnall ( born 23 August 1979 ) is a former Australian rules footballer , and the ex - captain of the Carlton Football Club .
Gregory Polanco ( born September 14 , 1991 ) , nicknamed `` El Coffee '' , is a Dominican professional baseball right fielder for the Pittsburgh Pirates of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) .
Gábor Bukrán ( born 16 November 1975 in Eger ) is a Hungarian professional footballer who plays in Belgium for Union Royale Namur .
Alexandre Filipe Clemente Leitão ( known as Alexandre ) ( born 28 March 1979 ) is a Portuguese footballer who plays as a midfielder for G.D. Estoril - Praia .
Brandon Isaac ( born December 11 , 1984 ) is a professional Canadian football linebacker with the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League .
Carl Haworth ( born July 9 , 1989 ) is an English - born Canadian soccer player who currently plays for Ottawa Fury FC in the North American Soccer League .
Horacio Ramírez ( born November 24 , 1979 ) is an American former baseball pitcher and current coach for the Atlanta Braves .
Martin Albrechtsen ( born 31 March 1980 ) is a Danish professional football player , currently playing for the Danish superliga team Brøndby IF .
Frank Aolie ( born November 8 , 1992 , in Ivory Coast ) is an Ivorian footballer currently playing for Deportes Melipilla of the Segunda División in Chile .
Yann Schneider ( born January 19 , 1986 in Phalsbourg ) is a French footballer currently playing for French club US Sarre - Union .
Bill Hatanaka ( born May 3 , 1954 ) is a former Canadian football wide receiver who played four seasons in the Canadian Football League with the Ottawa Rough Riders and Hamilton Tiger - Cats .
Born in Igarassu , Pernambuco , Rovérsio started playing with Santa Cruz Futebol Clube , moving abroad in the 2004 - -05 season to Portugal 's Gil Vicente F.C. and making his league debut on 28 August 2004 in a 2 - -3 away loss against Sporting Clube de Portugal .
David Kuchejda is a Czech ice hockey player who plays for the HC České Budějovice of the Czech Extraliga .
Brian Sylvestre ( born December 19 , 1992 ) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Carolina RailHawks in the North American Soccer League .
Mohamed Faisal ( born on 4 September 1988 ) is a Maldivian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper , currently for Club Valencia .
Alexander Yunkov ( Russian : Александр Юньков ; born November 21 , 1982 ) is a Russian ice hockey forward currently playing for Atlant Moscow Oblast team .
Emanuel Zanders ( born July 31 , 1951 in Demopolis , Alabama ) was an American football offensive lineman in the NFL for the New Orleans Saints and Chicago Bears .
William Terry Nofsinger ( July 13 , 1938 -- October 2 , 2007 ) was a professional American football player who played quarterback for seven seasons for the Pittsburgh Steelers ( 1961 - -1964 ) , the St. Louis Cardinals ( 1965 - -1966 ) , and the Atlanta Falcons ( 1967 ) .
Clint Lee Harris , known as Bo Harris ( born January 16 , 1953 in Leesville in Vernon Parish , Louisiana ) , is an American football former linebacker who played eight seasons in the National Football League with the Cincinnati Bengals .
Ihor Tymchenko ( born 16 January 1986 in Poltava , Ukrainian SSR ) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who currently plays for FC Poltava in the Ukrainian First League .
Bobby Bryant ( born January 24 , 1944 ) was a cornerback for the Minnesota Vikings during the days of the Purple People Eaters ( 1968 - -1980 ) .
Boone Logan ( born August 13 , 1984 ) is an American professional baseball left - handed relief pitcher for the Colorado Rockies of Major League Baseball .
Rachid Bourabia ( born 22 March 1985 in Dijon ) is a football Franco - Moroccan central midfielder who plays for Waasland - Beveren in The Belgian Pro League .
Ali M'Madi ( born 21 April 1990 in Marseille ) is a Comorian international footballer who plays for French Championnat National club Gazélec Ajaccio on loan from Evian in Ligue 1 .
Bryan Hinkle ( born June 4 , 1959 in Long Beach , California ) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for twelve seasons for the Pittsburgh Steelers .
Mauricio Asenjo ( born 23 July 1994 ) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a striker for Club Atlético Banfield .
Denis Parshin ( b. February 1 , 1986 , in Rybinsk , USSR ) is a Russian professional ice hockey left wing currently playing for Avangard Omsk in the Kontinental Hockey League .
Sandra Paños García - Villamil is a Spanish football goalkeeper who plays for FC Barcelona .
Larry Gordon ( July 8 , 1954 in Monroe , Louisiana -- July 3 , 1983 in Phoenix , Arizona ) was an American football linebacker who played seven seasons in the National Football League for the Miami Dolphins .
William Jex ( 23 March 1885 − 19 February 1934 ) was an English footballer who played as an inside left with Norwich City , Doncaster Rovers , Rotherham Town and Croydon Common , and in the Football League with Gainsborough Trinity in the early 20th century .
Scott Barrows ( born March 31 , 1963 in Marietta , Ohio ) is a former offensive lineman in the NFL for the Detroit Lions .
Casey Bramlet ( born April 2 , 1981 ) is a former professional gridiron football quarterback for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League .
Andrew Gee ( born 23 April 1970 in Queensland ) is an Australian rugby league administrator and former football operations manager at the Brisbane Broncos of the NRL .
Frank started his career in Feyenoord youth squad , never representing club at senior level , as Feyenoord manager Jan Mak moved to Sweden and Halmstads BK he took Frank Schinkels with him , which made Frank the first foreign player ever to play for the club .
Marion Lois Jones ( born October 12 , 1975 ) , also known as Marion Jones - Thompson , is an American former world champion track and field athlete and a former professional basketball player for Tulsa Shock in the WNBA .
Dominggus Fakdawer ( born 31 December 1989 ) is an Indonesian professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for Persipura Jayapura in the Indonesia Super League .
Steeve Theophile ( born 9 September 1980 in Paris , France ) is a French footballer who played 3 matches in Ligue 1 for club FC Istres in the 2004 - 2005 season and played 55 matches and scored 9 goals in Ligue 2 for clubs FC Gueugnon and US Créteil - Lusitanos during 2002 - 2004 period .
Marvin Ducksch ( German pronunciation : ( ˈmaːʀˈvɪn ˈduːkʃ ) ; born 7 March 1994 ) is a German footballer who plays as a striker for Borussia Dortmund II in the Regionalliga West .
Fahrudin Mustafić ( born 17 April 1981 ) is a Singapore footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for S - League side , Tampines Rovers FC .
Dimitri Fautrai ( born in Guadeloupe ) is a French football player who currently plays for French club L'Etoile de Morne - à - l'Eau on the island of Guadeloupe in the Guadeloupe Division d'Honneur .
Gerardo Seoane ( born 30 October 1978 ) is a Swiss footballer who played for FC Luzern in the Swiss Super League , as a midfielder .
Kevin Lotscher ( born February 17 , 1988 ) is a Swiss former professional ice hockey player who last played for EHC Biel in Switzerland 's National League A. He is participating at the 2011 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Switzerland men 's national ice hockey team .
Emiliano Çela ( born 21 July 1985 in Memaliaj , Albania ) is an Albanian footballer who currently plays as a defender for KF Laçi in the Albanian Superliga .
Bernie Faloney ( June 15 , 1932 -- June 14 , 1999 ) was a professional football player in the Canadian Football League ( primarily with the Hamilton Tiger - Cats ) and an outstanding American college football player at the University of Maryland .
Travis Worra ( born April 9 , 1993 ) is an American soccer player currently playing for D.C. United in Major League Soccer .
Antone Dominique Stevenson ( born December 28 , 1977 in Gaffney , South Carolina ) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League for the Buffalo Bills and Washington Redskins .
Sam Bates ( born 2 December 1995 ) is an English rugby league footballer who plays as a prop for the Bradford Bulls of the Super League .
Gayson Gregory ( born 5 April 1982 ) is an Antiguan footballer who plays for Antigua Barracuda FC in the USL Professional Division and the Antigua and Barbuda national team .
Roland Kollmann ( born October 8 , 1976 ) is a retired Austrian football player who play for Grazer AK until January 2012 .
Ludovic Chelle ( born 3 January 1983 in Toulouse ) is a Malian - French basketball player currently playing for JL Bourg - en - Bresse in the Ligue Nationale de Basketball .
Ákos Koller ( born 4 September 1974 in Baia Mare , Romania ) is a Romanian - born Hungarian football player who currently plays for Diósdi TC .
Mario Piccinocchi ( born 21 February 1995 ) is an Italian footballer , who plays for Swiss club FC Lugano .
Patrik Jacko ( born 26 September 1992 in Prešov ) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for club 1 . FC Tatran Prešov .
Perica Radić ( Serbian : Перица Радић ) ( born 13 March 1984 in Smederevo , SR Serbia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian football player , he plays the position of goalkeeper for the French team AS Cannes .
Adrian Wichser ( born March 18 , 1980 in Winterthur , Switzerland ) is a Swiss ice hockey winger , who currently plays for the Rapperswil - Jona Lakers in the Swiss National League A.
Fadhil Salim ( born 24 January 1983 ) is a Singaporean goalkeeper and currently plays for S.League club Hougang United FC .
Paweł Buśkiewicz ( born 18 March 1983 in Ryki ) is a Polish professional football striker who last played for Olimpia Elbląg .
Chung Woon ( Hangul : 정운 ; born 30 June 1989 ) is a South Korean left back , who currently plays for Jeju United FC in the K League Classic .
Justin Bernhardt ( born February 25 , 1988 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Elmira Jackals of the ECHL .
Itziar Bakero Escudero ( born 24 July 1969 ) is a Spanish former football midfielder who played for Añorga KKE in the former División de Honor , with which she won three championships and three national cups .
Yvonne Krivohravek ( or Krivohlavek ) is an Austrian football striker who played for USC Landhaus Wien and SV Neulengbach in the ÖFB - Frauenliga .
Casper Radza ( born 26 February 1994 ) is a Danish footballer , who currently plays as a Goalkeeper for Næsby BK .
Ivan Ntege ( born 8 September 1994 ) is a Ugandan professional e play for KF Tirana in Albania footballer who currently plays for Ugandan national team .
Miroslav Lažo ( born October 18 , 1977 ) is a Slovak professional ice hockey player ( right wing ) currently playing in Malmö Redhawks of the HockeyAllsvenskan .
Goce Toleski ( Macedonian : Гоце Толески , born 5 May 1977 in Skopje ) is a football player from the Republic of Macedonia who currently plays for Czech club FK Mladá Boleslav .
Benjamin Fadi ( born 16 March 1995 ) is a Ghanaian footballer currently playing for Malmö FF as a forward .
Wen Mukubu ( born August 2 , 1983 ) is a Congolese - born Belgian basketball player for BCM Gravelines of France 's LNB Pro A. He has also played for Spirou Charleroi and the Belgian national team , where he participated at the EuroBasket 2015 .
Colton Yellow Horn ( born May 5 , 1987 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player for the Orli Znojmo of the Austrian Hockey League ( EBEL ) .
Julian Draxler ( German pronunciation : ( ˈjuːli̯aːn ' dʁakslɐ ) ; born 20 September 1993 ) is a German professional footballer who plays as a left winger for VfL Wolfsburg and the Germany national football team .
Cemal Amet ( born 29 March 1998 ) is a Turkish footballer who plays for SK Austria Klagenfurt in the Austrian Football First League .
Jerry Patton ( born March 27 , 1946 in Saginaw , Michigan -- May 19 , 1983 ) was an American football defensive lineman in the National Football League for the Minnesota Vikings , Buffalo Bills , Detroit Lions , Philadelphia Eagles , and the New England Patriots .
Helmut Winklhofer ( born 27 August 1961 ) is a former German footballer who played as a defender or midfielder for Bayer 04 Leverkusen and FC Bayern Munich .
Miikka Tuomainen ( born May 22 , 1986 ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for EHC Klostersee of the Oberliga Süd , the third tier league in Germany .
Bruno Ormeno is a rugby league player of the Toulouse Olympique in Championship .
The 74th Regiment of ( Highland ) Foot was a British Army line infantry regiment raised to fight in the American Revolution .
Iain Harrison is a competitive shooter and former British Army Captain .
Joseph E. Tofalo was born to Margaret Tofalo , a member of the United States Navy WAVES , and United States Navy Captain Francis Tofalo .
Charles Lydiard ( fl . 13 May 1780 -- 29 December 1807 ) was an officer of the Royal Navy who served during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars .
General Kenneth McLennan ( May 31 , 1925 -- September 20 , 2005 ) was the Assistant Commandant of the United States Marine Corps from 1979 to 1981 .
Lloyd Edgar Acree was a member of the United States Navy and a posthumous awardee of the Navy Cross .
Major General Hugh W. Hardy ( December 10 , 1924 -- April 3 , 2003 ) was a United States Marine Corps Reserves major general and a geoscientist .
Admiral Bedford Clapperton Trevelyan Pim , RN , MP , FRGS ( 12 June 1826 -- 30 September 1886 ) was a Royal Navy officer , Arctic explorer , barrister , and author .
Field Marshal Sir William Maynard Gomm GCB ( 10 November 1784 -- 15 March 1875 ) was a British Army officer .
John Ferrier ( c. 1759 -- 27 January 1836 ) was a British officer in the Royal Navy who served during the American War of Independence and the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars .
Moira Modzelewski is an American lawyer and Captain in the United States Navy .
Lieutenant - General Sir Philip Bainbrigge ( 1786 - -1862 ) was a British Army officer .
Robert Brian James DSO & Two Bars ( c.1913 -- 3 August 1944 ) was a British Army officer of the Second World War .
Colonel Joseph L. Romano is an officer in the United States Air Force and one of 26 American nationals charged by Italian authorities with the 2003 kidnapping of Italian resident cleric Hassan Nasr as part of an alleged covert CIA operation .
George Robert Cholister ( December 18 , 1898 -- October 21 , 1924 ) was a United States Navy sailor awarded a posthumous Medal of Honor for his actions on October 20 , 1924 .
Colonel Charles Swinhoe ( 27 August 1838 , Calcutta - 2 December 1923 ) was an English naturalist and lepidopterist , who served in the British Army in India .
Admiral Sir Francis Laforey , 2nd Baronet , KCB ( 31 December 1767 -- 17 June 1835 ) was an officer of the British Royal Navy during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , whose distinguished service record included numerous frigate commands in Home waters and in the West Indies .
Erbo Graf von Kageneck ( 2 April 1918 -- 12 January 1942 ) was a German fighter pilot and flying ace in the Luftwaffe from 1938 to 1942 .
Alexander Peters ( November 16 , 1869 -- June 11 , 1951 ) was a United States Navy sailor and a recipient of the United States military 's highest decoration , the Medal of Honor , for attempting to rescue a shipmate from drowning during a storm .
Michael J. Williams ( born July 12 , 1943 ) is a retired United States Marine Corps 4-star general .
General Nathaniel Stevenson ( 1840 - -1911 ) was a British Army officer who became Lieutenant Governor of Guernsey .
Brigadier - General Charles Ogston CB CMG DSO ( 14 September 1877 -- 10 November 1944 ) was a British Army staff officer .
Carson Abel Roberts ( September 4 , 1905 - December 19 , 1983 ) was a Lieutenant General in the United States Marine Corps .
Margaret of Hohenzollern - Nuremberg ( 1367 - 1406 ) was a daughter of Burgrave Frederick V of Nuremberg and his wife , Elisabeth of Meissen .
Her dam was the 1934 American Champion Two - Year - Old Filly Nellie Flag , and her sire was the 1930 Epsom Derby winner Blenheim , who had been imported to the United States in 1937 by a syndicate that included Mar - Kell 's breeder , Calumet Farm .
Princess Irene of Hesse and by Rhine ( Irene Louise Marie Anne Princess of Hesse and by Rhine , 11 July 1866 -- 11 November 1953 ) was the third child and third daughter of Princess Alice of the United Kingdom and Ludwig IV , Grand Duke of Hesse and by Rhine .
Judith of Bavaria , Duchess of Swabia ( 19 May 1100 -- 27 Aug 1130 ) was a member of the powerful German House of Welf , being the eldest daughter of Henry IX of Bavaria and Wulfhilde of Saxony .
Lady Sun was the only daughter of Sun Jian and Lady Wu .
George Roden was the presumed successor to his mother Lois Roden , who had become president of the Branch Davidians in 1978 , when her husband and group leader Benjamin Roden had died .
Lucia Visconti ( Milan , 1372 -- April 14 , 1424 ) was the daughter of Bernabò Visconti , Lord of Milan , and Beatrice Regina della Scala .
Sophie Augusta of Holstein - Gottorp ( 5 December 1630 in Gottorp -- 12 December 1680 in Coswig ) was a daughter van Frederick III , Duke of Holstein - Gottorp and Duchess Marie Elisabeth of Saxony .
Antoine Marie Jacob De la Gardie was born in Reval ( today Tallinn ) , Estonia ( then part of the Swedish Empire ) , as a son of Pontus De la Gardie and Sofia Johansdotter Gyllenhielm , the illegitimate daughter of king John III of Sweden .
Princess Elizabeth of the United Kingdom ( 22 May 1770 -- 10 January 1840 ) was the 7th child and 3rd daughter of King George III and Charlotte of Mecklenburg - Strelitz .
The Bagaduce River is a tidal river in the Hancock County , Maine that empties into Penobscot Bay near the town of Castine .
The Neglinnaya River ( Russian : Неглинная ) , also known as Neglinka , Neglinna , Neglimna ( Неглинка , Неглинна , Неглимна ) , is a 7.5-km long underground river in the central part of Moscow and a tributary of the Moskva River .
It preserves the historic Carillon Canal that was first built in the 1830s to facilitate travel on the Ottawa River .
Mand River is a tributary of Mahanadi and joins it in Chandrapur 28 km before Orissa border and before the river reaches Hirakud dam .
The Kiewa River flows generally north northwest , joined by eleven minor tributaries , towards its confluence with the Murray River , southeast of Albury and east of Wodonga .
It flows through Saint - Étienne - de - Tinée , Isola and Saint - Sauveur - sur - Tinée , and it flows into the Var near Utelle .
The Wallagaraugh River is a perennial river of the Genoa River catchment , with its headwaters located in the South Coast region of New South Wales and its lower reaches located in the East Gippsland region of Victoria , Australia .
San Paolo alle Tre Fontane ( Italian ) , in English , St Paul at the Three Fountains is a church dedicated to St Paul the Apostle , at the presumed site of his martyrdom in Rome .
The Theodor Körner Prize ( German : Theodor - Körner - Preis ) is a set of annual Austrian awards bestowed by the Theodor Körner Fund in recognition of cultural and/or scientific advances .
USS Mariano G. Vallejo ( SSBN-658 ) , was a Benjamin Franklin class fleet ballistic missile submarine , was named for Mariano Guadalupe Vallejo ( 1807 - -1890 ) , a key proponent of California statehood .
The G - spot , also called the Gräfenberg spot ( for German gynecologist Ernst Gräfenberg ) , is characterized as an erogenous area of the vagina that , when stimulated , may lead to strong sexual arousal , powerful orgasms and potential female ejaculation .
In papyrology , Maas 's law - named after classical scholar Paul Maas ( 1880 - -1964 ) - refers to the observation that columns in bookrolls often exhibit a forward tilt such that both edges of a column gradually move to the left as the column progresses .
The color indigo was named after the indigo dye derived from the plant Indigofera tinctoria and related species .
MusicBrainz Picard is named for Captain Jean - Luc Picard , a character in the US television series Star Trek :
The Farnese Gardens ( Orti Farnesiani sul Palatino or `` Gardens of Farnese upon the Palatine '' ) are a garden in Rome , central Italy , created in 1550 on the northern portion of Palatine Hill , by Cardinal Alessandro Farnese .
Mill 's Methods are five methods of induction described by philosopher John Stuart Mill in his 1843 book A System of Logic .
Ismoil Somoni Peak ( Tajik : Қуллаи Исмоили Сомонӣ , Qullai Ismoili Somonī ; Russian : пик Исмаила Самани pik Ismaila Samani ) is the highest mountain in Tajikistan and in the former Russian Empire and later in the Soviet Union , named after Ismail Samani , the greatest ruler of the Samanid dynasty .
Public Domain Day is an observance of when copyrights expire and works enter into the public domain .
The Dovzhenko Film Studios ( Ukrainian : Національна кіностудія художніх фільмів імені О. Довженка , translit . Natsional'na kinostudiya khudozhnikh filmiv imeni O. Dovzhenka ) is a former Soviet film production studios located in Ukraine that were named after the Ukrainian film producer , Alexander Dovzhenko , in 1957 .
The Bure kinship ( Swedish : Bureätten ) is a Scandinavian kinship , centered in the Skellefteå area , today 's Bureå in Northern Sweden .
It is usually thought that the first such camp in the general area of today 's Khabarovsk was the fortified winter camp named Achansk ( Ачанск ) or Achansky gorodok ( Ачанский городок ) , built by the Cossacks of Yerofey Khabarov in September 1651 after they had sailed to the area from the upper Amur .
The Letelier - Moffitt Human Rights Award commemorates Orlando Letelier and Ronni Moffitt , who in 1976 were assassinated in Washington , D.C. by agents of the Chilean secret service .
Set in Belfast in the 1950s , Judith Hearne has been described as `` a sensitive study of a middle - aged alcoholic woman in drab Belfast and her desperate last attempts at finding love and companionship '' .
Set in Detroit , Gridlock'd centers around heroin addicts Spoon ( Tupac Shakur ) , Stretch ( Tim Roth ) and Cookie ( Thandie Newton ) .
Striking Distance is a 1993 American action thriller film starring Bruce Willis as a Pittsburgh Police homicide detective Thomas Hardy .
Dick and the Duchess is a 1950s CBS situation comedy filmed and set in London , England , and starring Patrick O'Neal and Hazel Court .
The Cult of Sincerity is an independent film about hipster culture and postmodernist irony set in Williamsburg in Brooklyn , New York .
Chasing News ( formerly Chasing New Jersey ) is a news and public affairs program broadcast by WWOR - TV , a MyNetworkTV O&O based in Secaucus , New Jersey , and sister to Fox flagship station WNYW - TV .
Out of the Fire ( ISBN 0 - 8041 - 0104 - 3 ) is a Vietnam War novel by David Sherman published in 1987 by the Ivy Book imprint of Ballantine Books .
Tea with the Black Dragon is about Martha MacNamara , called west to San Francisco by a message from her daughter , Elizabeth , a computer programmer .
Third World Cop is a 1999 Jamaican action - crime film starring Paul Campbell , directed by Chris Browne and produced by Chris Blackwell of Island Jamaica Films .
Antoine Joseph Gorsas ( March 24 , 1752 -- October 7 , 1793 ) was a French publicist and politician .
Gert Bastian ( 26 March 1923 -- presumably 1 October 1992 ) was a German military officer and politician with the German Green Party .
Pierre - Jean de Béranger ( 19 August 1780 -- 16 July 1857 ) was a prolific French poet and chansonnier ( songwriter ) , who enjoyed great popularity and influence in France during his lifetime , but faded into obscurity in the decades following his death .
Gottlieb Konrad Pfeffel ( 28 June 1736 -- 1 May 1809 ) was a French - German writer and translator , whose texts were put to music by Ludwig van Beethoven , Joseph Haydn and Franz Schubert .
Jean Cluzel ( born 18 November 1923 in Moulins , Allier ) is a French politician who was renowned in the eighties for his reports about the audiovisual media .
Jean Carrière ( born 6 August 1928 Nîmes -- 7 - -8 May 2005 Domessargues near Nîmes ) was a French writer .
Étienne Geoffroy Saint - Hilaire ( 15 April 1772 -- 19 June 1844 ) was a French naturalist who established the principle of `` unity of composition '' .
Matthias Paul ( pronounced ( maˈtiːas ˈpaʊ̯l ) ) , better known by his stage name Paul van Dyk ( pronounced ( fan ˈdʏk ) ; born 16 December 1971 in Eisenhüttenstadt , East Germany ) is a German Grammy Award - winning electronic dance music DJ , musician and record producer .
José Clemente Maurer , C.Ss . R. ( March 13 , 1900 - -June 27 , 1990 ) was a German Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church .
Stephan Weil ( born 15 December 1958 ) is a German politician and the leader of the Social Democratic Party in Lower Saxony .
Pierre Ferri ( 3 September 1904 -- 23 November 1993 ) was a French stockbroker and conservative politician who was Minister of Posts , Telegraphs , and Telephones in 1953 - -54 .
Péter Nádas ( born 14 October 1942 ) is a Hungarian writer , playwright , and essayist .
Jonathan - Simon Sellem is a French - Israeli journalist and politician born on February 25 , 1983 .
Rosan Girard ( born October 16 , 1913 , in Le Moule , Guadeloupe , and died June 5 , 2001 ) was a politician from Guadeloupe who served in the French National Assembly from 1946 to 1958 .
Elisabeth Schroedter ( b. 11 March 1959 , Dresden ) is a German politician and has been a Member of the European Parliament in the Alliance ' 90/The Greens from 1994 to 2014 .
Eustache de Refuge , seigneur de Précy et de Courcelles ( 1564 - September 1617 ) , was an Early Modern French courtier , statesman and author .
Auguste Rejon ( born July 23 , 1893 in La Trinité , Martinique and died March 7 , 1973 in La Trinité ) was a politician from Martinique who was elected to the French Senate in 1958 .
Jean Dionis du Séjour ( born on 21 September 1956 , in Agen , Lot - et - Garonne ) , is a French politician from the former centrist UDF party .
Maurice Risch is a French film and theater actor , born on 25 January 1943 in Paris .
Louis Ducreux ( September 22 , 1911- December 19 , 1992 ) was a French actor , screenwriter and composer .
Xavier Robic ( born 17 November 1979 ) is a French actor and an alumni of Cours Simon , an acting school in Paris , and the Studio Théâtre d'Asnières .
Fernando Arrabal Terán ( born August 11 , 1932 ) is a Spanish playwright , screenwriter , film director , novelist and poet .
Lee Yountaek ( Hangul : 이윤택 ) is a South Korean poet , dramatist , and producer .
Gilles Ségal ( 13 January 1929 -- 11 June 2014 ) was a French actor , mime , and playwright .
Bogusław Sonik ( born 3 December 1953 in Kraków ) is a Polish politician and Member of the European Parliament for the Lesser Poland Voivodeship and Swietokrzyskie Voivodeship with the Civic Platform , part of the European People 's Party and sits on the European Parliament 's Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety .
Wilhelm Niklas ( 24 September 1887 - 12 April 1957 ) was a German academic and politician , who was the first minister of food , agriculture and forestry of the German Federal Government in Konrad Adenauer 's first cabinet .
Ruslan Pidhornyy ( Ukrainian : Руслан Підгорний ; born July 25 , 1977 ) is a Ukrainian professional road bicycle racer , who competed most recently for UCI ProTeam Vacansoleil--
Béatrice Vernaudon is a French politician born on 27 October 1953 in Papeete , Tahiti , French Polynesia .
Alice Sapritch ( 29 July 1916 -- 24 March 1990 ) was a French film actress of Armenian descent .
Raymond van Barneveld ( born 20 April 1967 ) is a Dutch professional darts player , currently playing in the Professional Darts Corporation .
Armand Barbès ( 18 September 1809 -- 26 June 1870 ) was a French Republican revolutionary and a fierce and steadfast opponent of the July monarchy ( 1830 - -1848 ) .
Henri Thomas ( December 7 , 1912 , Anglemont , Vosges -- November 3 , 1993 , Paris ) was a French writer and poet .
Louis Compain ( 14 April 1733 , Toury -- after 1790 ) , also known as Compain - Despierrières , was a French actor and singer .
Francis de Croisset ( French : ( fʁɑ̃sis də kʁwasɛ ) ; born Franz Wiener , January 28 , 1877 -- November 8 , 1937 ) was a Belgian - born French playwright and opera librettist .
Liza Manili is a French actress and singer , born in 1986 in Strasbourg .
Gabrielle Suchon ( December 24 , 1631 , Semur - en - Auxois -- March 5 , 1703 , Dijon ) was a French moral philosopher and Catholic feminist .
Isaac Lipschits ( born in Rotterdam on 19 November 1930 ; died in Groningen on 24 May 2008 ) was a Dutch historian and political scientist .
Dr . Abraham Bredius ( 18 April 1855 Amsterdam -- 13 March 1946 Monaco ) was a Dutch art collector , art historian , and museum curator .
Franz - Josef Röder ( b. 22 July 1909 in Merzig , d. 26 June 1979 in Saarbrücken ) was a German politician of the CDU and from 1959 to 1979 Minister - President of the Saarland .
Pierre - François Martin - Laval ( nicknamed `` PEF '' ) is a French actor , film director , screenwriter and theatre director .
Christiaan Karel Appel ( pronounced ( ˈkrɪstijaːn ˈkaːrəl ˈɑpəl ) ; 25 April 1921 -- 3 May 2006 ) was a Dutch painter , sculptor , and poet .
Dominique Davray ( born Marie - Louise Gournay ; 27 January 1919 in Paris -- 16 August 1998 in Paris ) was a French actress .
Cizia Zykë ( born Jean - Charles Zykë ; c. 1949 -- 27 September 2011 ) was a French writer and adventurer born in Morocco .
Catherine Leclerc du Rose , also known by her stage name Mademoiselle de Brie ( 1630 -- ca . 1706 ) , was a French actress .
Christa Goetsch ( born 28 August 1952 in Bonn ) is a German politician of the Alliance ' 90/The Greens party , member of the Hamburg Parliament , and from 2008 - 2010 was a Senator and Deputy Mayor of Hamburg .
Marga Minco ( pseudonym of Sara Menco , born 31 March 1920 ) is a Dutch journalist and writer .
Michael Gahler ( born April 22 , 1960 Frankfurt / Main ) is a German politician and Member of the European Parliament for Hesse .
Christiane Rochefort ( 17 July 1917 -- 24 April 1998 ) was a French feminist writer .
Georges Eugène Charles Beauvisage ( 29 January 1852 , Paris -- 8 April 1925 , Lyon ) was a French botanist and politician .
Chris van Abkoude ( 6 November 1880 , Rotterdam - 2 January 1960 , Portland , Oregon ) was a Dutch writer and novelist of mostly children 's books .
Erik Zürcher ( Utrecht , September 13 , 1928 -- Warmond , February 7 , 2008 ) was a Dutch Sinologist .
Georges Cravenne ( 24 January 1914 -- 10 January 2009 ) , real name Joseph - Raoul Cohen , was a French film producer , publicity agent and founder of the César Award .
Louis Auguste Blanqui ( French pronunciation : ​(lwi oɡyst blɑ̃ki ) ; 8 February 1805 , Puget - Théniers , Alpes - Maritimes -- 1 January 1881 , Paris ) was a French socialist and political activist , notable for his revolutionary theory of Blanquism .
Walter Fernández Balufo ( born 14 August 1989 ) , known simply as Walter , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Greek club Panthrakikos F.C. mainly as an attacking midfielder .
Hugues Panassié ( 27 February 1912 , Paris -- 8 December 1974 ) was an influential French critic , record producer , and impresario of traditional jazz .
Antoine Saint - John ( born 11 August 1940 ) ( aka Domingo Antoine , Jean - Michel Antoine , Antoine Michel ) is a French actor .
Pierre Batcheff ( born Piotr Bachev ; 23 June 1907 in Harbin -- 12 April 1932 in Paris ) was a French actor of Russian descent .
Jérôme Robart ( born 27 May 1970 ) is a French actor , producer , playwright , and director .
Hendrick de Keyser ( 15 May 1565 -- 15 May 1621 ) was a Dutch sculptor and architect born in Utrecht , Netherlands , who was instrumental in establishing a late Renaissance form of Mannerism in Amsterdam .
Olaf Scholz ( German pronunciation : ( ˈoːlɐf ˈʃɔlts ) ; born 14 June 1958 , in Osnabrück ) is a German politician of the Social Democratic Party of Germany and Mayor of Hamburg since 7 March 2011 .
Jennifer Higdon ( born December 31 , 1962 ) is an American composer of classical music .
James Breck Perkins ( November 4 , 1847 -- March 11 , 1910 ) was an American historian , a United States Congressman , and a writer .
Hussin Ututalum Amin ( born October 3 , 1951 ) is a Filipino politician , scholar and current mayor of Jolo , capital of Sulu Province in the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao ( ARMM ) .
Beryl Booker ( June 7 , 1922 -- September 30 , 1978 ) was an American swing pianist of the 1950s .
Liz McComb ( born December 1 , 1952 in Cleveland , Ohio ) is an American gospel and blues singer , songwriter and pianist , who also loves jazz , spiritual and soul music .
Park Am ( born November 11 , 1924 -- March 22 , 1989 ) was a South Korean actor .
Howard Eichenbaum ( born 1947 ) is an American psychologist and neuroscientist who studies the hippocampus .
Alfred H. Moses ( born July 24 1929 ) is an American attorney and diplomat who served as the U.S. Ambassador to Romania .
Carole Simpson ( born December 7 , 1941 ) is an American broadcast journalist , news anchor , and author .
Martha Tilston is an English folk - based singer - songwriter .
Belkis Ayón Manso ( January 23 , 1967 -- September 11 , 1999 ) was a Cuban artist and lithographer .
Annie Little is an American singer - songwriter , and actress who co - wrote / sings the songs , and performs in the animated stop - motion commercials for the Amazon Kindle .
Orenda Fink ( born September 18 , 1975 ) is an American musician on Saddle Creek Records .
Kallur Subba Rao was an Indian freedom activist and politician .
Prawaal Raman is an Indian film director and screenwriter known for his works in Hindi cinema .
Rafael Rodríguez Barrera ( February 1 , 1937 -- December 3 , 2011 ) was a Mexican politician , lawyer and ambassador .
Lee Juck ( Hangul : 이적 ; born February 28 , 1974 ) is a Korean pop singer , songwriter , and musician .
Nikolas Metaxas participated as the songwriter and composer of the Cypriot entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Moscow , Russia as his younger sister Christina Metaxa won the national final on 7 February 2009 .
Douglas Leedy ( March 3 , 1938 - March 28 , 2015 ) was an American composer , performer and music scholar .
Michael Doven is an American professional photographer who has also worked in the production of several Hollywood movies .
Samuel Dashiell Hammett ( /ˈsæmjʊəl dəˈʃiːl ˈhæmət/ ; May 27 , 1894 -- January 10 , 1961 ) was an American author of hard - boiled detective novels and short stories , a screenplay writer , and political activist .
André Fauteux is a Canadian artist born in Dunnville , Ontario , Canada on March 15 , 1946 , who now lives in Toronto , Ontario .
Charles Bernard Spencer ( 1909 -- 1963 ) was an English poet , translator , and editor .
Zhao Haifeng ( Chinese : 海峰 ; 1919 - August 21 , 2006 ) was a politician of the People 's Republic of China .
Jon Huertas is an American actor of Puerto Rican descent .
After completing his Talmudic , philosophical , historical , and bibliographic studies , Bernhard Wachstein settled in Vienna and became a librarian for the Israelitische Kultusgemeinde Wien ( Vienna Israelite Community ) .
Georges Akl is a Lebanese painter , born in Damour .
Anette Grecchi Gray is a chef , most recently the Chef de Cuisine of Jiko in Florida .
Terri Tatchell is a Canadian screenwriter , best known for co - writing the screenplay of District 9 and was nominated for Best Adapted Screenplay at the 82nd Academy Awards .
The Master of Heiligenkreuz was an Austrian painter active at the beginning of the 15th century ; a tentative lifespan of 1395 to 1430 has been put forth but this appears highly conjectural .
Guillaume d'Amiens or Guillaume le Peigneur ( floruit late 13th century ) was a trouvère and painter from Amiens .
Namgyal Lhamo is an internationally acclaimed Tibetan Opera , classical singer and actor .
Jason Webley is an American musician known for his fusion of folk , experimental and alternative music .
Thomas Dulorme Cordero ( /djuːˈlɔərmeɪ/ dew - LOHR - may ; born January 29 , 1990 ) is a Puerto Rican professional boxer and world title challenger .
Jamie Teachenor is an American singer , songwriter , musician and producer .
Jack Gilford ( July 25 , 1907 -- June 4 , 1990 ) was an American Broadway , film and television actor .
David Schütz ( Hebrew : דוד שיץ‎ , born August 5 , 1941 ) is an Israeli fiction writer .
Charles Hotchkiss Norton ( November 23 , 1851 , Plainville , Connecticut -- October 27 , 1942 , Plainville , Connecticut ) was an American mechanical engineer and designer of machine tools .
Benjamin Milan ( né Benjamin Jonsson ) is a Swedish dancer , choreographer , dance teacher and model who now resides in London .
John O. Hertler ( born September 17 , 1950 in Ridgewood , Queens ) is an American Thoroughbred horse trainer .
Edwin Trevathan , M.D. , M.P.H. is an American physician , a child neurologist and pediatrician .
Louis Allmendiger , AIA , was an American architect practicing in New York City in the early twentieth century .
Norman René ( 1951 -- May 24 , 1996 ) was an American theatre and film director and film producer who frequently collaborated with playwright Craig Lucas .
Emil Oberholzer ( December 24 , 1883 -- May 4 , 1958 ) was a Swiss - American psychiatrist .
Ângelo Correia is a Portuguese manager , engineer and politician , former Minister of Internal Administration of the Portuguese Government under the leadership of Aníbal Cavaco Silva .
George R. Ellis ( born 1937 ) was an author , art historian and director of the Honolulu Museum of Art from 1982 to 2003 .
Wilhelm Sasnal ( born December 29 , 1972 ) is a Polish painter , photographer , and filmmaker .
Andy T. W. Leung ( born 26 Jun 1948 ) , is a horse trainer .
Karl Hermann Berendt ( Danzig , November 12 , 1817 -- Guatemala City , May 12 , 1878 ) was a German - American physician , collector , explorer and investigator of Mesoamerican linguistics .
Jordan de l'Isla de Venessi was a minor Provençal troubadour from L'Isle - sur - Sorgue .
Carroll Dunham ( born 1949 ) is an American painter who lives and works in New York and Connecticut .
Arthur William Savage ( May 13 , 1857 -- September 22 , 1938 ) , was a businessman , inventor and explorer .
José Eugenio Tello ( November 14 , 1849 -- November 30 , 1924 ) was an Argentine politician that governed the provinces of Jujuy , Chubut , and Río Negro .
Hercules Grant ( born 30 May 1957 ) is a former Antiguan born former Canadian cricketer .
Paul Jackson Pollock ( January 28 , 1912 -- August 11 , 1956 ) , known professionally as Jackson Pollock , was an influential American painter and a major figure in the abstract expressionist movement .
Y Prydydd Bychan ( fl . c. 1222 - 68 ) was a medieval Welsh language court poet .
Hugo Gunckel Lüer ( August 10 , 1901 -- July 17 , 1997 ) was a Chilean pharmacist , botanist , and university professor .
Mindy Utay is a licensed psychotherapist and psychoanalyst specializing in individual and couples therapy .
Jess Roden ( born 28 December 1947 ) is an English rock singer , songwriter and guitarist .
Ovidiu Savin ( born January 1 , 1977 ) is a Romanian mathematician who is active in the field of the partial differential equations .
Huan Tan 桓譚 ( c. 43 BC--28 AD ) was a Chinese philosopher of the Han Dynasty ( 202 BC--220 AD ) and short - lived interregnum of the Xin Dynasty ( 9 - -23 AD ) .
Richard Felix Staar ( born January 10 , 1923 ) is an American political scientist and historian .
His son was the painter Heinrich Vogtherr the Younger ( 1513 - 1568 ) .
Padre Stefano Cassiani ( fl . c. 1660 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque .
Nigel Parkinson is a British cartoonist who works for D. C. Thomson & Co. Ltd and mainly draws for The Beano and The Dandy .
Ramin Karimloo ( Persian : رامین کریملو‎‎ ; born September 19 , 1978 ) is an Iranian - Canadian actor and singer recognized chiefly for his work in London 's West End .
Orlaith Rafter is an Irish actor , novelist and playwright .
William Franklin Graham III ( born July 14 , 1952 ) , known as Franklin Graham , is an American Christian evangelist and missionary .
Mike O'Dowd ( April 5 , 1895 in St. Paul , Minnesota -- July 28 , 1957 ) was an American boxer who held the World Middleweight Championship from 1917 to 1920 .
Edwin Bidwell Wilson ( April 25 , 1879 -- December 28 , 1964 ) was an American mathematician and polymath .
Henry George Carroll , QC ( January 31 , 1865 -- August 20 , 1939 ) was a Canadian politician , jurist and the 16th Lieutenant Governor of Quebec from 1929 to 1934 and the last anglophone to serve in that position to the present day .
Shimon Lev ( Low ) ( Hebrew : שמעון לב‎ ; born August 1 , 1962 ) is an Israeli multidisciplinary artist , writer , photographer , curator and researcher in the fields of Indian Studies , art and literature , religion , and travel .
Ras J. Baraka ( born April 9 , 1970 ) is an American politician who is currently the Mayor of Newark , New Jersey .
Peggy Connelly ( September 25 , 1931 -- June 11 , 2007 ) was a singer and actress , and former wife of Dick Martin ( Rowan & Martin 's Laugh - In ) , with whom she had a son , Cary Martin .
Nosrat - ollah Jahanshahlou was a leftist Iranian politician .
Fr . Nicolas Sarrabat or Sarabat ( February 7 , 1698 -- April 27 , 1739 ) , also known as Nicolas Sarrabat de la Baisse , was an eighteenth - century French mathematician and scientist .
Aleksander Krzyżanowski nom de guerre `` Wilk '' ( 1895 - -1951 ) was a Polish army officer , major , member of the Polish resistance movement in World War II and Commandant of the Armia Krajowa in the Vilnius Region .
Malcolm L. McCallum ( born December 26 , 1968 in Maywood , Illinois ) is an American environmental scientist , conservationist , herpetologist , and natural historian and is known for his work on the Holocene Extinction .
Tony Santos is a Spanish funk / R&B singer .
Emily Skinner ( also known as Emily Scott Skinner ) ( born June 29 , 1970 ) is a Tony - nominated American musical theatre actress and singer .
Lance Dann ( born ca . 1969 ) is an English sound artist , radio producer and writer working for international theatre and radio since 1994 .
Philippe Lemay ( or LeMay ) is a Canadian curler from Trois - Rivières , Quebec .
Nathaniel Brander ( 1796- ? ) was an American - Liberian politician and jurist who served as the first Vice President of Liberia ( 1848 - 1850 ) , under President Joseph Jenkins Roberts .
Hussain Ali Yousafi ( Persian / Urdu : حسین علی یوسفی ) was an ethnic Hazara politician in Balochistan , Pakistan .
John Coit Spooner ( January 6 , 1843 -- June 11 , 1919 ) was a politician and lawyer from Wisconsin .
Amandine du 38 , or Miss Amanda , is a French amateur singer , whose rap videos went viral in January 2009 .
Gustave W. Buchen ( September 25 , 1886 -- December 3 , 1951 ) was an American politician , educator , and lawyer .
Yigal Azrouël is an Israeli American New York based fashion designer .
Cotter Smith ( born May 29 , 1949 ) is an American stage , film , and television actor .
Christophe Josse ( pronounced : ( kʁistɔf ʒɔs ) ) is a French fashion designer and an haute couture fashion brand .
Peter O'Meara is an award - winning Irish actor .
Le'Andria Johnson ( born January 23 , 1983 ) is an American gospel musician and singer - songwriter .
Yehuda Jacob Gilboa ( Hebrew : יהודה יעקוב גלבוע ) ( May 2 , 1920 -- May 9 , 2007 ) , born Erwin Goldberg , was an Israeli composer .
Silas Deane ( January 4 , 1738 ( O.S. December 24 , 1737 ) -- September 23 , 1789 ) was an American merchant , politician and diplomat .
Caro Ramsay is a Scottish writer of crime fiction .
Susan Tifft ( February 14 , 1951 -- April 1 , 2010 ) was an American journalist , author , and educator .
Thomas Jane ( born Thomas Elliott III ; February 22 , 1969 ) is an American actor , screenwriter , director , producer , and comic book writer .
Pedro de Morais Neto is an Angolan diplomat and military figure .
The Marsyas Painter was an ancient Greek vase painter of the red - figure style .
Sterling Seagrave in an American historian ( b. 1937 ) .
Carlos Efrén Reyes Rosado ( born May 2 , 1991 ) , better known by his stage name Farruko is a Puerto Rican reggaeton singer and songwriter .
Levi Sterling ( January 2 , 1804 -- October 16 , 1868 ) was an American politician , soldier , and public official .
John Jacob Niles ( April 28 , 1892 - -March 1 , 1980 ) was an American composer , singer , and collector of traditional ballads .
Jesús Rafael Soto ( June 5 , 1923 - January 14 , 2005 ) was a Venezuelan op and kinetic artist , a sculptor and a painter .
Yao Lee ( Chinese : 姚莉 ) , also credited as Yao Li , Yiu Lei and Miss Hue Lee , is a Chinese singer active from the 1930s to the 1970s .
Shahram Shabpareh ( Persian : شهرام شب پره‎‎ ) is an Iranian pop singer and songwriter .
Karine Ferri ( born on April 25 , 1982 ) is a French television presenter .
Aaron Pauley ( born August 4 , 1988 ) is an American vocalist , bassist , and singer - songwriter .
Adi Senimili Dyer is a former Fijian politician , who served as an Assistant Minister for Women and Culture in the Prime Minister 's Office in the interim Cabinet formed by Laisenia Qarase in the wake of the Fiji coup of 2000 .
Lance Whitaker ( born May 29 , 1971 ) is an American former professional boxer and heavyweight contender .
Waldemar Zboralski ( born 4 June 1960 ) is a Polish veteran gay rights activist , politician , and journalist .
Clarence Lucas ( October 19 , 1866 - July 1 , 1947 ) , was a Canadian composer , lyricist , conductor , and music professor .
Toni Mannix ( born Camille Bernice Froomess ; February 19 , 1906 -- September 2 , 1983 ) was an American actress and dancer in the early talkies .
Mindy Smith ( born June 1 , 1972 on Long Island , New York ) is an American singer - songwriter .
One newspaper , comparing the current lifestyles of the Sex Pistols , wrote : `` Only original bassist Glen Matlock remains touring with his own band , an irony given that he was sacked for being too conservative '' .
Steve Remote is an American recording engineer , mixing engineer , music producer , recording studio designer and studio owner from Queens , New York .
William Karel ( born 1940 ) is a French film director and author .
Dag Achatz is a Swedish virtuoso pianist and composer .
Ujjaini Mukherjee ( Bengali : উজ্জৈনি মুখ্যপাধ্যায় , Hindi : उज्जैनी मुखेर्जी ) is an Indian singer .
Manlaibaatar Damdinsüren ( Mongolian : Манлайбаатар Дамдинсүрэн , first hero Damdinsüren , Standard Tibetan : རྟ་མགྲིན་སྲུང་། ; March 13 , 1871 -- January 27 , 1921 ) , born Jamsrangiin Damdinsüren ( Жамсрангийн Дамдинсүрэн ) , was a military commander , Pan - Mongolist and diplomat who led Mongolia 's struggle for independence in 1911 .
Alexander Ramati ( December 20 , 1921 -- February 18 , 2006 ) , born David Solomonovich Grinberg , was a Polish writer and film director .
Pál Bokor ( Budapest , 2 May 1942 ) is a Hungarian journalist , writer , translator and the director of Atlantic Press Publishers .
Bennie J. George was a head football and basketball coach for the Delaware State Hornets programs .
Ronald T. Mingo also Ron Mingo ( born January 3 , 1947 ) was a professional baseball player , typing teacher and a world record holder for fastest typist , with 160 words per minute .
Jūratė Kiaupienė ( 1947 December 23 in Vilnius ) is a Lithuanian historian , professor , Habilitated Doctor .
Arne Meurman ( born April 6 , 1956 ) is a Swedish mathematician working on finite groups and vertex operator algebras .
Richard Kandt started as a psychiatrist in Bayreuth and Munich .
Sahara Sunday Spain is an emerging writer born in California in 1991 .
Esteban Salas y Castro ( December 25 , 1725 -- July 14 , 1803 ) was a Cuban composer of religious music .
Tony Rampling is a former professional rugby league player in the New South Wales Rugby League .
Catherine Wolf of Elkhart , Indiana , was an important amateur American tennis player in the 1920s and 1930s .
Anton Köllisch ( 1888 - -1916 ) was the German chemist who , whilst working at Darmstadt for pharmaceutical giant Merck , first synthesized the chemical MDMA that would later come to be known as `` ecstasy '' .
Iwan Tirta ( April 18 , 1935 -- July 31 , 2010 ) was an Indonesian batik fashion designer .
Matthias Buchinger ( June 3 , 1674 -- 1739 ) , sometimes called Matthew Buckinger in English , was a German artist , magician , calligrapher , and performer who was born without hands or feet and was 29 inches tall ( about 74 cm ) .
John S. Arnick ( born 1933 ) was an American politician from Maryland and a member of the Democratic Party .
Eng Chhai Eang ( Khmer : អេង ឆៃអ៊ាង ; born November 10 , 1965 ) is a Cambodian politician .
Lang Jeffries ( June 7 , 1930 - -February 12 , 1987 ) was a Canadian - American actor of television and film who was married from 1960 to 1962 to actress Rhonda Fleming .
Shou - Wu Zhang ( Chinese : 张寿武 ; pinyin : Zhāng Shòuwǔ ; born October 9 , 1962 ) is a Chinese - American mathematician known for his work in number theory and arithmetic algebraic geometry .
Katherine Stone Chase ( born 1949 in Seattle , Washington ) is an American doctor and writer of romance novels under her maiden name Katherine Stone .
Franc O'Shea is a bassist and composer born in Swaziland .
Carl Josef Bayer ( also Karl Bayer , March 4 , 1847 -- October 4 , 1904 ) was an Austrian chemist who invented the Bayer process of extracting alumina from bauxite , essential to this day to the economical production of aluminium .
Walter H. Hunt ( born 1959 ) is a science fiction novelist from Massachusetts , United States .
Ahmed Falah ( Dhivehi : އަޙްމަދު ފަލާޙް ; born 1975 ) is a Maldivian singer , musician , film director , screenwriter/ scriptwriter , song writer , lyricist and poet .
Edward F. Daas ( May 30 , 1879 -- May 2 , 1962 ) was an American amateur journalist .
Valentin le désossé - Valentin the Boneless - ( 1843 -- 1907 ) was the stage name of Jacques Renaudin , a French Cancan dancer and partner of La Goulue .
Gian Luca Mazzella ( born in Rome ) is an Italian journalist , wine and food critic , documentarian .
Jean Ven Robert Hal , stage name for Roberto D'Agostino Vendola born 11 May 1970 is an Italian musician , composer of Electronic Music , Kosmische Musik , space music , progressive rock , ambient , jazz , synthpop and orchestral music .
Raffaello da Montelupo ( c. 1504/1505 -- c. 1566/1567 ) , born Raffaele Sinibaldi , was a sculptor and architect of the Italian Renaissance , and an apprentice of Michelangelo .
Gibson Donald Lewis , known as Gib Lewis ( born August 22 , 1936 ) , is a political consultant and a Democratic former politician from Fort Worth , Texas .
René Alphonse Higonnet ( April 5 , 1902 -- October 13 , 1983 ) was a French engineer and inventor who co - developed the phototypesetting process with Louis Moyroud , which allows text and images to be printed on paper using a photoengraving process , a method that made the traditional publishing method of hot metal typesetting obsolete .
Justin Tsoulos ( born 20 February 1984 ) is a Greek Australian rugby league player who plays in the NRL for the Canterbury Bulldogs .
Bill Viola ( born 1951 ) is a contemporary video artist whose artistic expression depends upon electronic , sound , and image technology in New Media .
Lucius Furius Purpureo was a Roman politician and general , becoming consul in the year 196 BC . Lucius Furius was from the Furia ( gens ) patrician family in Rome .
Adélard Bellemare ( March 2 , 1871 -- March 25 , 1933 ) was a Canadian politician from the Mauricie area .
Sandra M. Castillo is a poet and South Florida resident .
Maroua Rahali is a Tunisian national champion boxer .
Suzie Kerstgens ( born 1971 ) is a German singer and lyricist .
Lee Guk - joo ( Hangul : 이국주 , hanja : 李國主 ; born on January 5 , 1986 ) , is a South Korean comedian under FNC Entertainment .
Following a serious injury to the ankle , inoperable at the time , Yvonne Cartier left England for France in 1957 , and worked for twenty years as a mime with the celebrated troupes of Jacques Lecoq and Marcel Marceau , and as choreographer and movement specialist to theatre companies .
Mickey Higham ( born 18 September 1980 ) is an English rugby league player who currently plays for English club Leigh .
Falk Herwig ( born 1969 ) is a Canadian astrophysicist who is known for his researches at the University of Victoria .
Wang Fanzhi ( Chinese : 王梵志 ; pinyin : Wáng Fànzhì ; Wade -- Giles : Wang Fan - chih , fl . 7th century ) or Brahmacarin Wang was a Chinese Buddhist poet born in Hebi , Henan during the Tang Dynasty .
Shaheen Sheik ( born June 17 , 1975 ) is an Indian American , singer , song - writer , producer , dancer and an actress based in Los Angeles , California .
Robert Daymond Howard ( born March 11 , 1982 ) , mostly known as Robbie Daymond , is an American actor and voice actor .
Mihal Grameno ( January 13 , 1871 -- February 5 , 1931 ) was an Albanian rilindas , politician , writer , freedom fighter , and journalist .
Dietisalvi di Speme was an Italian painter , who worked in Siena between 1250 and 1291 .
Raphael Carl Lee ( born October 29 , 1949 in Sumter , South Carolina ) is an American surgeon , medical researcher , biomedical engineer , and entrepreneur .
Riley McKibbin ( /ˈraɪli məˈkɪbɪn/ ; born September 9 , 1988 ) is an American volleyball player .
Eduard Kohout ( 1889 - -1976 ) was a Czech stage , film actor and television actor .
Paweł Domagała is a Polish actor in theater , film and television .
Eric S. Roberts is an American computer scientist noted for his contributions to computer science education through textbook authorship and his leadership in computing curriculum development .
Robert Jones Atkinson was a Democratic politician from the state of Ohio , United States .
Carl Weyant ( born October 4 , 1983 ) is an American actor , producer , model and musician who has appeared in Karma :
Betsy Clifford ( born October 15 , 1953 ) is a Canadian retired alpine skier .
William A. Fletcher ( born June 6 , 1945 ) is a United States federal appeals court judge who has sat on the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals since 1998 .
Christina Maria Kardooni ( born August 28 , 1989 ) is an American professional wrestler , better known by her ring name Christina Von Eerie .
Valérie Maltais ( born July 4 , 1990 ) is a Canadian short - track speed skater .
Auguste - Joseph Carrier , a French painter , was born in Paris in 1797 , January 14 .
Johanna Rosaly ( born January 13 , 1948 ) is a Puerto Rican actress , singer , and television host .
Henry Cheke ( c.1548 - 86 ) , of Elstow , Bedfordshire ; later of the Manor , York , was an English politician .
Dakota Abberton ( born in Maroubra , New South Wales ) , an Australian surfer , is a member of the Australian surf gang , the Bra Boys .
Angela Topping ( born 2 October 1954 ) is a British poet , literary critic and author .
Anne Stokes is an artist whose work has appeared in role - playing games , particularly Dungeons & Dragons .
Edward Charles Spitzka ( November 10 , 1852 -- January 13 , 1914 ) was an eminent late-19th century alienist , neurologist , and anatomist .
Rúnar Júlíusson or Rúni Júl , was an Icelandic pop singer from Keflavík .
Susan Polis Schutz ( born Susan Polis ; May 23 , 1944 ) is an American poet and co - founder , with husband Stephen Schutz , of greeting card and book publisher Blue Mountain Arts .
Ben Koller ( born July 29 , 1980 ) is an American drummer currently in Converge , Mutoid Man , and All Pigs Must Die .
David G. Armstrong ( born February 18 , 1969 ) is an American podiatric surgeon and researcher most widely known for his work in amputation prevention , the diabetic foot , and wound healing .
Ann Carr , also known as Ann Carr - Tunney , is an American gymnast .
`` Alex '' Liu Lic Ka ( born March 18 , 1971 in Hong Kong ) is an auto racing driver from Macau .
Edward Haytley was an English portrait and landscape painter of the 18th century .
Donald G. Alexander ( born 1942 ) is an American lawyer and a justice on the Maine Supreme Judicial Court .
Bruce Guthro ( born Bruce Guthrie on August 31 , 1961 ) is a Canadian singer / songwriter , from Cape Breton Island , Nova Scotia .
Jenny Eakin Delony , also known as Jenny Eakin Delony Rice and Jenny Meyrowitz , ( 1866 - -1949 ) was an American painter and educator .
George A. Freedman , DDS ( born May 5 , 1952 ) is a Canadian dentist , inventor , and dental educator , who is regarded as an international leader in the field of cosmetic and aesthetic dentistry .
Lyle W. Hillyard is a Utah politician and an attorney .
Mel J. Cyrak ( born October 23 , 1936 ) was an American lawyer and politician .
Joe Coburn ( July 29 , 1835 , Middletown , County Armagh , Ireland -- December 6 , 1890 , New York City , New York ) was an Irish - American boxer .
Nazir Naji ( نذیر ناجی ) is a famous Pakistani senior journalist and Urdu columnist .
Tina Landau ( born May 21 , 1962 ) is an American playwright and theatre director .
Marpessa Dawn ( January 3 , 1934 -- August 25 , 2008 ) , also known as Gypsy Marpessa Dawn Menor , was an American - born French actress , singer , and dancer , best remembered for her role in the film Black Orpheus ( 1959 ) .
Márcia Imperator ( born Márcia Maria Imperator 1 March 1974 ) is a Brazilian actress , model , TV - personality and adult actress .
Giorgos Ninios ( born 1959 ) is a Greek television , film and stage actor with an extensive filmography .
Marko Albrecht ( born 23 June 1970 ) , known by his stage name Mark ' Oh , is a German disc jockey and rave producer .
Khalil Joseph Nepomuceno Ramos ( born January 22 , 1996 ) , known professionally as Khalil Ramos , is a Filipino actor and singer .
Seymour Geisser ( October 5 , 1929 -- March 11 , 2004 ) was a statistician noted for emphasizing the role of prediction in statistical inference .
David Nathaniel Friedrich Dietrich ( October 3 , 1800 -- December 23 , 1888 ) was German botanist and gardener .
Keith Carlock is an American jazz drummer originally from Clinton , Mississippi .
Adam Rutherford ( born 1974/1975 ) is a British geneticist , author , and broadcaster .
Glen Daly ( born Bartholomew Francis McCann McGovern Dick c. 1920 -- 1987 ) was a Scottish singer and entertainer .
Robert E. Gilka ( July 12 , 1916 -- June 25 , 2013 ) was an American photojournalist best known for being an editor and director of photography at National Geographic for 27 years ( 1958 - 1985 ) .
Sergio Ferrara ( born May 2 , 1945 ) is an Italian physicist working on theoretical physics of elementary particles and mathematical physics .
Clare Darcy was the pseudonym used by the American novelist Mary Deasy ( 1914 - -1978 ) for her Regency Romance novels , i.e. , novels set in Regency England .
Miranda Stone is a Canadian singer - songwriter originating from the Niagara - on - the - Lake , Ontario region and currently based in Toronto where she operates independent record label Earthdress Productions .
James W. VanStone ( October 3 , 1925 -- February 28 , 2001 ) was an American cultural anthropologist specializing in the Inuit , Inupiat , and Yup'ik Eskimos .
Patrick Sabongui ( born January 9 , 1975 ) is a Canadian actor , stunt performer , theatre actor and drama teacher .
Carlos Negrón Colón ( born March 5 , 1988 ) is a professional boxer who competes in the cruiserweight division .
Nina Romberg has been an American writer since 1978 .
Hernán García de Gonzalo Vidal ( born December 23 , 1928 ) , is a retired Chilean diplomat and academic .
Lawrence Pech ( known as `` Larry '' to friends and co - workers ) is a dancer , choreographer and teacher currently living and working in the San Francisco Bay Area .
John H. Palmieri is an American born mathematician working in algebraic topology and representation theory with an emphasis on stable homotopy theory .
Nick Stellino ( b. May 1 , 1958 ) is an Italian - American television chef and author .
Wendy Wild , born Wendy Andreiev ( August 31 , 1956 -- October 26 , 1996 ) was an American singer , musician , and artist who in the 1980s was a well - known presence in New York 's downtown music and performance scenes .
Jim Hegerle ( alias Jimmy ) ( February 17 , 1936 -- June 26 , 2007 ) was a light heavyweight professional boxer from Saint Paul , Minnesota .
Thue Christiansen ( born February 25 , 1940 Maamorilik , Greenland ) is a Greenlandic Inuit teacher , artist and politician .
Allison Burnett is an American screenwriter , film director , and novelist .
John Alvin Anderson ( March 25 , 1869 -- June 26 , 1948 ) was a Swedish - American photographer who spent most of his life in the United States .
Sally Tracy DMid is an Australian , midwife , midwifery researcher , author and activist .
Baha ' al - Dawlah ibn Siraj al - Din Shah Qasim ibn Muhammad al - Husayni Nurbakhshi ( also sometimes called Nuri rather than Nurbakhshi ) , was a 15 - -16th century Persian physician .
Nancy Becker ( born January 28 , 1982 ) is an American professional wrestler best known by her ring name Annie Social , who regularly performs for Shimmer Women Athletes and Women Superstars Uncensored ( WSU ) .
William Stanley Haseltine ( June 11 , 1835 -- February 3 , 1900 ) was an American painter and draftsman who was associated with the Düsseldorf school of painting , the Hudson River School and Luminism .
John Fulton Folinsbee ( March 14 , 1892 -- May 10 , 1972 ) was an American landscape painter and member of the art colony at New Hope , Pennsylvania .
Margaret Moyes Black ( 1853 - -1935 ) was a Scottish novelist and biographer .
Giuliano di Simone ( late 14th century - early 15th century ) was an Italian painter , active near Lucca and Pisa in a late Gothic - style .
Barton Seaver ( born April 12 , 1979 ) is an author , speaker and chef .
William Alexander Richardson ( January 16 , 1811 -- December 27 , 1875 ) was a prominent Illinois Democrat politician before and during the American Civil War .
He is the father of Bobby Bare , Jr. , also a musician .
Čestmír Vejdělek ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈtʃɛstmiːr ˈvɛjɟɛlɛk ) ; October 8 , 1925 -- November 14 , 2011 ) was a Czech writer .
In college , Desdamona and her friends formed a band in which Desdamona was the rapper , inspired by the R&B group TLC .
`` Fred Imus , radio personality and songwriter , dies at 69 '' .
Edgar Howard ( September 16 , 1858 -- July 19 , 1951 ) was a Nebraska editor and Democratic politician .
Camden Toy is an American actor , screenwriter , and film editor .
Samuel J Leffler is a computer scientist , known for his extensive work on BSD , from the 1980s to FreeBSD in the present day .
Herbert B. Schmidt ( born April 23 , 1931 in East Prussia ) is a German economist and public policy advisor best known for his work in privatization in the former East Germany and Eastern Europe .
Hector Boyardee ( born Ettore Boiardi ) ( October 22 , 1897 -- June 21 , 1985 ) was an Italian - born chef , famous for his brand of food products , named Chef Boyardee .
Chhangur Ram ( born at Village - Katain , Azamgarh ) was an Indian politician for the Lalganj ( Lok Sabha Constituency ) in Uttar Pradesh .
Brian Drummond ( born August 10 , 1969 ) is a Canadian voice and former stage actor .
Roland Butcher ( born Roland Orlando Butcher , 14 October 1953 , Saint Philip Parish , Barbados ) is a former English cricketer , who played in three Tests and three ODIs from 1980 to 1981 .
Mary Joe Fernández Godsick ( born María José Fernández ; August 19 , 1971 ) is an American former professional tennis player .
Carl Walther Meyer was a German film actor who appeared in more than fifty productions during the silent and early sound eras .
Stanisław Biniecki ( July 29 , 1907 in Sławno -- May 3 , 1999 ) was a Polish chemist .
Lambert Courtois ( also Courtoys , Curtois ) ( c.1520 -- after 1583 ) was a French composer , trombonist , and singer of the late Renaissance , active in Italy and Ragusa .
Elizabeth Ball is a Canadian politician , currently an elected member of Vancouver City Council .
Lynne Billard is an American statistician and professor at the University of Georgia , known for her statistics research , leadership , and advocacy for women in science .
John Maurice Fitzroy was an English cricketer who played for Northamptonshire from 1925 to 1927 .
Bill Doss ( September 12 , 1968 -- July 30 , 2012 ) was an American rock musician .
John Markoff ( born October 29 , 1949 ) is a journalist best known for his work at The New York Times , and a book and series of articles about the 1990s pursuit and capture of hacker Kevin Mitnick .
Sally El Hosaini is a Welsh - Egyptian film director and screenwriter .
Jim Hendricks is an American actor and former disc jockey best known for his role as movie host Commander USA on USA Network 's Commander USA 's Groovie Movies that ran from 1985 to 1989 .
Heath Sims ( born October 14 , 1971 ) is an American mixed martial artist , Olympic wrestler and MMA trainer .
William Moy Thomas ( 1828 - -1910 ) was an English journalist , literary editor and novelist .
Mushfiq was a sub - imperial Mughal painter who worked in the atelier of Abd - ur - Rahim Khan - i - Khanan ( also called Abdul Rahim Khan - I - Khana ) , commander - in - chief of the Mughal army in the late 16th / early 17th century .
Naoyuki Kotani ( born December 8 , 1981 ) is a Japanese mixed martial artist currently competing in the Lightweight division .
Eliphalet Trask ( January 8 , 1806 -- December 9 , 1890 ) was an American politician who served as the third Mayor of Springfield , Massachusetts , and as the 23rd Lieutenant Governor for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts from 1858 to 1861 .
Paul Morrissey ( born February 23 , 1938 ) is an American film director , best known for his association with Andy Warhol .
Churchill Kohlman ( January 28 , 1906 -- May 25 , 1983 ) was an African - American songwriter who wrote Johnnie Ray 's 1951 hit , `` Cry '' while working in a Pittsburgh dry cleaning factory as the night watchman .
Fatma Koşer Kaya ( born February 20 , 1968 in Çarşamba , Turkey ) is a Dutch lawyer and politician of Turkish origin .
Ruth DeFries ( born 1957 ) is an environmental geographer who specializes in the use of remote sensing to study Earth 's habitability under the influence of human activities , such as deforestation , that influence regulating biophysical and biogeochemical processes .
Timomachus of Byzantium ( or Timomachos , a transliteration of Τιμόμαχος ) was an influential painter of the first century BCE .
Rachael Bermingham is an Australian entrepreneur , author , public speaker , mentor and former TV personality and hairdresser .
Juraj Krnjević ( February 19 , 1895 -- January 9 , 1988 ) was a Croatian politician who was among the leaders of the Croatian Peasant Party ( HSS ) .
William Stuart Symington , Jr. ( /ˈsaɪmɪŋtən/ ; June 26 , 1901 -- December 14 , 1988 ) was an American businessman and politician from Missouri .
Shira Tarrant is an American writer on gender politics , feminism , sexuality , pop culture , and masculinity .
Dominick McCaffrey ( born September 24 , 1863 in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania -- December 29 , 1926 ) was an Irish - American boxer .
Dr. Salim Mehmud , also known as Salim Mehmood , is a Pakistani rocket scientist and a nuclear engineer .
Daniel D. Langleben is a psychiatrist , professor , and scientific researcher at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia .
Kalle Könkkölä ( born January 16 , 1950 ) is a Finnish politician and the first chairperson of the Green League .
David Winning ( born May 8 , 1961 ) is a Canadian and American dual Citizen film and television director , screenwriter , producer , editor , and occasional actor .
Bob Havens ( born May 3 , 1930 ) is an American big band and jazz musician who appeared on The Lawrence Welk Show from 1960 to 1982 .
Santiago Schnell DPhil ( Oxon ) FRSC is a biophysical chemist and computational & mathematical biologist .
Khola Maryam Hübsch ( born October 25 , 1980 in Frankfurt am Main ) is a German journalist and writer of German - Indian origin .
Qin Shaobo ( Chinese : 秦少波 ) is a Chinese actor , acrobat and contortionist .
Martine Beaugrand is a Canadian politician , who was acclaimed as the new interim mayor of Laval , Quebec on July 3 , 2013 following the resignation of Alexandre Duplessis .
Arch Oboler ( December 7 , 1909 -- March 19 , 1987 ) was an American playwright , screenwriter , novelist , producer , and director who was active in radio , films , theater , and television .
Mark LaMura ( born October 18 , 1948 in Perth Amboy , NJ ) ( sometimes spelled Mark La Mura or Mark Lamura ) is an American actor .
Terry Hirst was a cartoonist and one of the leading figures in Africa 's post - independence `` golden age '' of art and scholarship from the mid-1960s to the early 1980s which saw a flowering of work in the arts , cinema and the academic world .
Karishma Karki ( Nepali : करिश्मा कार्की ) is Nepali Olympian swimmer .
Dale Webster , known as `` The Daily Wavester '' , is a surfer who lives in Valley Ford , California .
Kurt Swinghammer is a Canadian singer - songwriter and visual artist .
Richard Foss is an American journalist , science fiction author , and food historian who has also chaired science fiction conventions and worked as a travel agent , restaurant reviewer , theater director , and instructor in Elizabethan history and culinary history at Osher Institute / UCLA Extension .
Brant Rosen ( born February 22 , 1963 ) is an American rabbi , journalist , author and blogger , known for his activism and outspokenness on behalf of the Palestinian people .
Chris Savido ( born Wilkinsburg , Pennsylvania ) is an American artist whose acrylic portrait of George W. Bush composed of monkeys created controversy when the managers of Chelsea Market closed down the `` ANIMAL 'S PARADISE '' art exhibition there because of it .
Patricia Kennealy - Morrison ( born Patricia Kennely ; March 4 , 1946 ) is an American author and journalist .
Hugo Ferreira ( born March 7 , 1974 ) is a Portuguese - American African - born singer / songwriter musician .
Jerry Samuels ( born Jerrold Samuels on May 3 , 1938 ) , known by the stage name Napoleon XIV , is an American singer , songwriter and record producer .
Julius Harris ( August 17 , 1923 -- October 17 , 2004 ) was an American actor who appeared in more than 70 movies and numerous television series in a career that spanned four decades .
Alex Anthony is best known as the Public Address announcer for Major League Baseball 's New York Mets , a position he has held since 2004 , first at Shea Stadium and then at Citi Field since the Mets moved there in 2009 .
Marty Read is a Republican member of the Kansas House of Representatives , representing the newly redistricted 4th district(Mound City , Kansas in Linn County , Kansas ) , defeating Shirley Palmer ( Kansas politician ) .
Theresa Thomason is an American Gospel music singer .
John Charlton Fisher , Esq . , L.L.D. ( October 23 , 1794 -- August 10 , 1849 ) was a Canadian author , journalist , and publisher .
Michael Cussen ( born 11 April 1984 ) is an Irish hurler who plays as a full - forward for the Cork senior team .
Honourable Sri Justice K. Punnaiah is an Indian politician and latterly high Court judge .
Justin Kerr - Smiley is a writer and journalist who lives in London , England .
Tresa Spaulding Hamson was an American basketball player for the BYU Cougars women 's basketball team from 1983 to 1987 .
Anthony DeVitis ( born July 14th , 1965 ) is a politician in the Ohio House of Representatives , representing the 36th District since his election in November 2012 .
Frederick Nolting ( August 24 , 1911 -- December 14 , 1989 ) was a United States diplomat who he served as United States Ambassador to South Vietnam from 1961 to 1963 .
Marilyn Mazur ( born January 18 , 1955 ) is a percussionist , drummer , composer , vocalist , pianist , dancer and bandleader .
Aileen Quimado Iwamoto ( born on August 29 , 1988 ) , known by her stage name Iwa Moto ( イワ モト ) , is a Filipina - Japanese actress , model and reality television personality .
Diego de Vega ( 1570 - 16 ? ) was a Portuguese merchant , it was the first banker in Buenos Aires .
Jim Rimmer ( April 1 , 1934 -- January 9 , 2010 ) was a Canadian graphic designer , letterpress printer , proprietor of the Pie Tree Press and is especially notable as a designer of typefaces .
Eugen Kolisko was the author of numerous written works , published both in German and English ; the following are a few of his better known English publications : `` The Human Organism in the Light of Anthroposophy '' `` Lead and the Human Organism '' `` Nutrition and Agriculture '' `` The Threefold Human Organism :
Shartai Jaafar Abdel Hakam is a Sudanese politician who served as governor of West Darfur and Chairperson of the Transitional Darfur Regional Authority ( TDRA ) .
Rosalind Kurita is a Tennessee politician who was formerly Speaker pro tempore of the Tennessee State Senate , representing State Senate District 22 ( Cheatham , Houston , and Montgomery Counties ) , centered on Clarksville .
Kathryn Schulz is an American journalist and author , and the former book critic for New York magazine .
Dr. Robert P. Hoyt is a physicist and engineer who is known for his work developing the SpiderFab architecture for in - space additive manufacture of spacecraft as well as for his invention of the Hoytether .
Gary Archibald is a Canadian meteorologist , journalist and television anchor .
Fran Jesenko ( March 14 , 1875 -- July 14 , 1932 ) was a Slovenian botanist and plant geneticist who became notable for his work on the hybridisation of wheat and rye .
Yobert K. Shamapande PhD , is a prominent Zambian international development economist , politician and author who was born to peasant parents and raised in the rural Chibombo district of central Zambia .
Alexandria Anderson ( born January 28 , 1987 ) is an American track and field sprinter who specializes in the 100-meter dash and 200-meter dash .
Mark C. Zauderer is a New York trial and appellate lawyer , and a senior partner in the New York litigation boutique law firm Flemming Zulack Williamson Zauderer LLP .
Robert M. Warner ( June 28 , 1927 -- April 24 , 2007 ) was an American historian who served as the Sixth Archivist of the United States at the National Archives , from 1980 to 1985 .
Ali Zia ( born March 20 , 1957 in Lahore ) is a former Pakistani first class cricketer who played from 1974/75 until 1992/93 .
Shadi Talaat ( Arabic : شادي طلعت‎ ; born August 11 , 1989 ) is an Egyptian sabre fencer .
Charles Ellsworth Russell , much better known by his nickname Pee Wee Russell ( March 27 , 1906 -- February 15 , 1969 ) , was a jazz musician .
Eddie Rouse ( November 30 , 1953 -- December 7 , 2014 ) was an American character actor whose feature film credits included American Gangster , The Number 23 , and Pineapple Express .
Kareen Wynter is a general assignment reporter for Los Angeles - based television station KTLA , joining the station in July 2013 .
William Edward Hickson ( January 7 , 1803 -- March 22 , 1870 ) , commonly known as W. E. Hickson , was a British educational writer .
Gene Raymond ( August 13 , 1908 -- May 3 , 1998 ) was an American film , television , and stage actor of the 1930s and 1940s .
Vanessa Zamora Ramírez ( born July 22 , 1991 ) , known professionally as Vanessa Zamora , is a Mexican singer and songwriter .
Phil Rice ( also known as Philip James Rice ) ( born Lancashire , England ) is a songwriter , producer and keyboard player .
Daniel Lacambre is a cinematographer best known for his work for Roger Corman .
She is the lead singer of Danielle LoPresti and The Masses , an activist rock band out of San Diego , CA , and is the co - founder and producer of San Diego IndieFest .
Alex Wong is a Malaysian independent musician and singer who performs under the stage name SingleTrackMind , and also a retired professional jet ski racer .
John Nance Garner IV , known among his contemporaries as `` Cactus Jack '' ( November 22 , 1868 -- November 7 , 1967 ) , was an American Democratic politician and lawyer from Texas .
On June 8 , 1996 at the age of 55 years , Paul Youssef Matar was appointed archbishop of the Archeparchy of Beirut .
Dudley Fitts ( April 28 , 1903 -- July 10 , 1968 ) was an American teacher , critic , poet , and translator .
Sébastien Foucras ( born January 4 , 1971 ) is a French freestyle skier and Olympic medalist .
Farouk Abdel Wahab Mustafa ( also known as Farouk Abdel Wahab ) was an Egyptian academic and translator based in the USA .
Julius Stumpf was a German physician and scientist who used white clay from Germany to treat a deadly form of Asian cholera , diphtheria , gangrene , ulcers of the tibia and the skin disease eczema .
Abdul Raheem Glailati ( ' Abd al - Rahman Qalilat ) was a renowned Sudanese poet , author and newspaper editor .
Carl Breer ( 1883 - -1970 ) was an American automotive industry engineer .
Su Wu ( simplified Chinese : 苏武 ; traditional Chinese : 蘇武 ; pinyin : Sū Wǔ ; Wade -- Giles : Su Wu ; 140 BC - 60 BC ) was a Chinese diplomat and statesman of the Han Dynasty .
David Bazan ( /bəˈzɑːn/ ; born January 22 , 1976 ) is an indie rock singer - songwriter from Seattle , Washington .
David Roitman ( November 1 , 1884 -- April 4 , 1943 ) was a Russian - American hazzan and composer .
Avraham Friedman is an Orthodox rabbi and Talmudic scholar in Skokie , Illinois .
Kashief Lindo ( born c.1978 ) is a Jamaican reggae singer .
Matt Lukin ( born August 16 , 1964 ) is an American musician , best known as a bassist and founding member of the Melvins and Mudhoney .
Éder Saúl López is a Mexican actor , stunt man , and model .
Mustafa Zaidi ( Urdu : مصطفیٰ زیدی‎ ) ( 1930 - -1970 ) was a progressive Urdu poet .
Mitch Buonaguro ( born December 4 , 1953 ) is an American college basketball coach and current assistant men 's basketball coach at Fairfield University .
Summer Rose Virshup better known as Summer XO , ( born August 12 , 1985 ) is a Los Angeles - based American singer - songwriter who plays guitar , piano , and ukulele .
Charles H. Heath ( November 4 , 1829 -- July 12 , 1889 ) was a Vermont politician and attorney who served as President of the Vermont State Senate .
Mac McNeilly is an American musician , best known as the drummer for The Jesus Lizard .
Frank Gari ( born Frank Daniel Garofalo in New York City on April 1 , 1944 ) is a popular singer and songwriter from the late 1950s and early 1960s .
George Sumner Bridges ( born September 16 , 1950 ) is an American sociologist and the President of The Evergreen State College .
Richard Arden - Davis was an English first - class cricketer with Middlesex .
Justin Vivian Bond ( born May 9 , 1963 ) is an American singer - songwriter , author , painter , performance artist , occasional actor , drag queen , and Radical Faerie .
Richard Scrimger is a Canadian writer who has published fourteen books since 1996 .
Nadia Oh is an English singer , rapper and producer .
Kwanza Jones is an American dance / pop singer and songwriter .
Han Zenki ( 潘善琪 , born October 7 , 1977 , also known as Pan Shanqi ) ( Chinese : 潘善琪 ; pinyin : Pān Shànqí ) is a professional Go player .
Jonas Prapiestis ( born August 2 , 1952 ) is a Lithuanian judge , Professor of criminal law and politician .
Chris Stafford ( born Christopher Stafford on July 18 , 1977 , in Collinsville , Illinois ) is an American actor .
Gergely Gaal ( born June 3 , 1977 ) is a Hungarian educator and politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) from Fidesz--
Andrés Lewin - Richter Ossiander ( born 1937 ) is a Spanish composer of electronic music .
El Hijo del Fantasma ( Spanish for Son of the Ghost ) , also working under the ring name King Cuerno , is a Mexican professional wrestler active as a rudo in Asistencia Asesoría y Administración ( AAA ) .
Sharon Weinberger is an American journalist and writer on defense and security issues .
Carlos Newton ( born August 17 , 1976 ) is a Canadian retired mixed martial artist and one of the original MMA pioneers .
Andru Branch is a Canadian reggae musician .
Andrew Benator is an actor best known for his work in the cult hit mock - umentary Filmic Achievement and in his string of national Citibank ads featuring him losing his bill , waiting on the phone while on hold with his bank , etc . He performed with the Rude Machanicals Theater Company .
Shannon Vreeland ( born November 15 , 1991 ) is an American competition swimmer who is an Olympic gold medalist .
Max Margules was a mathematician , physicist , and chemist .
William Weir Stickney ( 24 Jun 1801 - 16 Mar 1888 ) was an American attorney and politician who served as the United States Attorney for the District of New Hampshire .
Anna - Maria Zimmermann ( born December 14 , 1988 in Gütersloh , North Rhine - Westphalia ) is a German singer and a Deutschland sucht den Superstar participant in 2006 .
Col . Mohamed Ahmed Alin ( Somali : Maxamed Axmed Aliin , Arabic : محمد أحمد علين‎ ) is a Somali politician and former military leader .
Orestes Ojeda ( Luis Pagalilauan ( born January 3 , 1956 ) in real life , from Cagayan Valley ) was a Filipino actor in movies and television .
Sarah Posner is an American journalist and author .
Frederick Dierks Bentley ( born November 20 , 1975 ) , known professionally as Dierks Bentley , is an American singer and songwriter who has been signed to Capitol Nashville since 2003 .
Gambhir Singh Mura was an Indian tribal dancer known for his contributions to the tribal martial dance of Chhau .
Elizabeth Gertrude Britton ( née Elizabeth Gertrude Knight ) ( January 9 , 1858 -- February 25 , 1934 ) was an American botanist , bryologist , and educator .
Toby Huss ( born December 9 , 1966 ) is an American actor and screenwriter best known for portraying Artie in the Nickelodeon series The Adventures of Pete & Pete ( 1993 - -1996 ) .
Michael Ziegfeld now `` Michael Paul '' is an American producer , comedian , ventriloquist and voice actor .
Kumar Navaratnam was a popular rock and roll singer in Colombo , Sri Lanka during the 1960s and 1970s .
Giuseppe Calì ( August 14 , 1846 -- March 1 , 1930 ) was a Maltese painter , born in Valletta of Neapolitan parents and educated at the Accademia delle Belle Arti in Naples under Giuseppe Mancinelli .
Franz Sala ( 1886 - -1952 ) was an Italian film actor who appeared in over seventy films , mostly during the silent era .
Drew Cheetwood ( born July 14 , 1983 ) is an American actor and personal trainer .
Alessandro Scorzoni ( Calcara di Crespellano , Province of Bologna , April 22 , 1858 - Bologna , July 31 , 1933 ) was an Italian painter , who depicted eclectic subjects , including sacred images , allegorical paintings , portraits , and landscapes .
Con Errico ( November 4 , 1921 - March 21 , 1993 ) was an American Thoroughbred horse racing jockey who went to prison after being convicted of race - fixing .
Sophie Boilley ( born 18 December 1989 ) is a retired French biathlete and soldier .
Frank Armstrong Crawford Vanderbilt ( January 18 , 1839 -- May 4 , 1885 ) was an American socialite and philanthropist .
Sohail Rana is a Pakistani music composer for films .
Filippo de Lurano ( also Luprano , or Lorano ) ( c. 1475 -- after 1520 ) was an Italian composer of the Renaissance .
Raymond De Felitta ( born June 30 , 1964 ) is an American independent film director , screenwriter and musician .
Douglas Romayne ( born June 21 , 1974 ) is a composer writing music for moving pictures ( television , film , new media ) .
Jean K. Chalaby is a sociologist who specializes in global media , transnational television ( including channels and formats ) , comparative media studies , and media history .
Dem Rădulescu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( dem rəduˈlesku ) ; September 21 , 1931 -- September 10 , 2000 ) was a Romanian theatre , film and television actor and academic .
Sweta Singh is an Indian journalist and news presenter .
Aline Valangin was a Swiss writer , pianist , and psychoanalyst .
Cao Mianying ( Chinese : 曹棉英 ; born June 19 , 1967 ) is a Chinese rower .
E. N. J. Carter ( the pen - name for Earl Carter ) is an American copywriter and novelist .
Annick Papillon ( born May 27 , 1980 in Rimouski , Quebec ) is a Canadian politician , who served in the Canadian House of Commons from 2011 to 2015 .
Jack Tarpley Camp Jr. ( born October 30 , 1943 ) is a former United States federal judge who retired from the bench in November 2010 after pleading guilty to drug related charges , including a felony count for giving a stripper cocaine even though he knew she was a convicted felon .
Liverus Hull ( September 14 , 1822 -- May 2 , 1894 ) was a Massachusetts businessman and politician who served as a member of the Boards of Aldermen of Charlestown and Boston , and as the ninth mayor of Charlestown , Massachusetts .
Mark Matousek ( born February 5 , 1957 ) is an American memoirist , teacher , and journalist .
Dan Wasserman is an American political cartoonist for The Boston Globe .
The buzz 6 Tre G developed behind bars as a fierce battle rapper on the prison yard leaked so far into the free world that he landed a lucrative 7-year deal through Warner Brothers with a net worth of $ 11 million .
Jason Reischel ( born April 19 , 1976 ) is an American singer - songwriter from Brooklyn , New York who sometimes goes by the stage name My Cousin , The Emperor .
Iraj Kalantari Taleghani is a renowned contemporary Iranian architect , famous for his contribution to the modernization of Iranian architecture .
Dr. Michael J. Neufeld is a historian and author .
Roger Kitter ( 20 October 1949 -- 3 January 2015 ) was a British actor best known for playing Captain Alberto Bertorelli in series 7 of the British sitcom TV series ' Allo ' Allo!.
Nawell Azzouz better known as Wallen ( born January 23 , 1978 ) is a French R&B singer .
Russell Streiner ( born February 6 , 1940 ) , also credited as Russ Streiner and Russell W. Streiner , is an American film producer and actor .
John Thomas Howell ( November 6 , 1903 -- May 7 , 1994 ) was an American botanist and Eriogonum expert .
Richard Randolph McMahon ( July 30 , 1852 -- April 19 , 1935 ) was a lawyer from West Virginia who served as Solicitor of the United States Treasury .
Siôn Cent ( ca . 1400 -- 1430/45 ) , ( or 1367 ? -- 1430 ? ) was a Welsh language poet , and is an important figure in Medieval Welsh literature .
Jerome Quinn ( May 23 , 1910 -- February 29 , 2008 ) was a Wisconsin politician and realtor .
Vaneeza Ahmad Ali , nicknamed Vinny , ( Urdu : ونیزہ احمد‎ ; born June 29 , 1971 ) is a Pakistani model and actress .
Billings Learned Hand ( /ˈlɜːrnᵻd/ LURN - id ; January 27 , 1872 -- August 18 , 1961 ) was a United States judge and judicial philosopher .
Glenn R. Conrad ( September 3 , 1932 -- June 4 , 2003 ) was a historian of south Louisiana culture , as well as an expert on archival studies , nineteenth - century European history , and the history of colonial Louisiana .
Nate Mooney ( c.1971 ) is an American actor best known for his recurring role as Ryan McPoyle on the FX comedy series It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia .
Danielle Hanus ( born in March 16 , 1998 ) is a Canadian youth swimmer who competes in the women 's freestyle , backstroke , and individual medley competitions .
Dude Walker is an American voice - over talent and actor based in New York City .
Barry Cowsill ( September 14 , 1954 -- c. August 29 , 2005 ) was an American musician and member of the musical group The Cowsills .
A. Lee Martinez is an American fantasy and science fiction author .
Antoine Marguier is a French orchestra conductor .
C. Raja Mohan is an Indian academic , journalist and foreign policy analyst .
Hedwig Gorski ( born July 18 , 1949 ) is an American performance poet and an avant - garde artist who labels her aesthetic as `` American futurism . ''
Ashok Banthia , sometimes referred as Ashok Bathia or Ashok Bhatia , is a Hindi film and TV and theatre actor and director .
Jiang Zhujiu ( Chinese : 江铸久 ; born February 17 , 1962 in Taiyuan ) is a Chinese professional Go player .
Helen Redfield ( born May 5 , 1900 in Archbold , Ohio , died 1988 ) , was an American geneticist .
Sophie Moleta is an Australian singer , songwriter , composer and teacher with an intimate singing style .
Walter Cartier ( March 29 , 1922 -- August 17 , 1995 ) was a professional boxer turned actor , originally from the Bronx in New York City , New York .
Jefferson B. Snyder , known as Jeff Snyder ( January 19 , 1859 -- October 18 , 1951 ) , was a lawyer and politician from the Mississippi River delta country of northeastern Louisiana .
Thao + Mirah ( 2010 ) In early 2010 , after performing with singer - songwriter Thao Nguyen at the Noise Pop Festival in San Francisco , the two announced a 2010 North American tour , billed under the name Thao and Mirah with the Most of All .
Felix Kolawole Bajomo ( Chief Kola Bajomo ) is a Nigerian politician who was elected a member of the Senate for the Ogun West constituency of Ogun State in April 2007 .
Brandon Iron ( born on July 14 , 1968 ) is a Canadian pornographic actor and director .
William A. Wojnar , Ph.D. is a classical organist and a professor of music at Jamestown College , Jamestown , ND .
Mpho Skeef ( pronounced Mmm'po ) , known by her stage name of Mpho ( often stylised MPHO ) , is a South African - born British singer - songwriter based in London .
Kristin dos Santos ( née Veitch ; born February 24 , 1975 ) is an American journalist and columnist for the E ! cable channel , specializing in coverage of current - day television series airing on the major American broadcast , cable and premium networks , along with streaming sources .
John Ferguson Weir ( 1841 - -1926 ) was an American painter , sculptor , writer , and educator .
Henry Franklin Kilburn , FAIA , ( February 20 , 1844 , Ashfield , Massachusetts -- September 26 , 1905 , New York City ) was an American architect active in late - nineteenth- and early - twentieth - century New York City who is particularly associated with church architecture .
Zalpa Bersanova was born into the family of the famous Chechen writer Khozh - Akhmed Bersanov .
Rabbi Kalman Topp is an American rabbi , educator and author , currently serving as the Senior Rabbi of the Beth Jacob Congregation of Beverly Hills , California .
William Foushee , Sr . ( October 26 , 1749 -- August 21 , 1824 ) was an American physician , politician , and socialite .
Simon Loftus , OBE , is a British wine trader , restaurateur and writer on wine and travel .
Walter Conrad Arensberg ( April 4 , 1878 -- January 29 , 1954 ) was an American art collector , critic and poet .
Joseph Cortese ( born February 22 , 1948 ) is an American actor who had major roles in films such as Windows ( 1980 ) , Evilspeak ( 1981 ) and Monsignor ( 1982 ) .
Phani Majumdar was a pioneering Indian film director , who worked in Hindi cinema , most known for his film Street Singer ( 1938 ) starring K.L. Saigal noted for its song , Babul Mora Naihar Chhooto Jaye , Meena Kumari classic Aarti ( 1962 ) and Oonche Log ( 1965 ) .
Habiballah Esmaili ( حبیب اله اسماعیلی ) is an Iranian historian .
Józef Baka ( Lithuanian : Juozapas Baka ) was a late Baroque poet , Jesuit priest and missionary .
Paul Porter ( born c. 1954 ) is an American public address announcer best known for his work for the Orlando Magic of the NBA .
Jannelle So ( born September 9 , 1977 ) is a journalist and broadcaster known for her work as the creator , host and producer of `` Kababayan Today '' ( formerly `` Kababayan L.A. ) , a daily show magazine / talk show for and about Filipinos airing on KSCI ( LA-18 ) television .
William G. Draper ( June 28 , 1920 -- November 26 , 1964 ) was a career military officer and Air Force Aide to President Dwight D. Eisenhower .
Jules Jordan ( born May 25 , 1972 ) is an American pornographic movie director , actor and producer who is widely regarded as the most accomplished gonzo director of his generation .
Tan Jing ( simplified Chinese : 谭晶 ; traditional Chinese : 譚晶 ; pinyin : Tán Jīng ) ( born September 11 , 1977 ) is a solo singer in the Song and Dance Ensemble of the People 's Liberation Army and a first class national actress .
Jackie Winters ( born April 15 , 1937 ) is an American Republican politician in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Manuel José Othón ( June 14 , 1858 -- November 28 , 1906 ) was a poet , playwright , and Mexican politician .
Bryan Lloyd Danielson ( born May 22 , 1981 ) is an American retired professional wrestler best known for his tenure in WWE under the ring name Daniel Bryan .
Nick Spencer is a comic book writer and former politician .
Hiacynt Alchimowicz ( 11 September 1841 , Dziembrów , Grodno Region - after 1897 , France ? ) was a Polish painter in the Classical style who specialized in watercolor landscapes .
Adam Brodsky is a locally popular anti - folk singer from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Henry Kwong is a Hong Kong racing driver previously competing in the World Touring Car Championship driver , where he made his debut in 2014 .
Tamim Bashir was a First class and List A cricketer from Bangladesh who died of cerebral malaria on June 18 , 2004 , aged only 19 .
Theresa Wolfson ( 1897 - -1972 ) was an American labor economist and educator .
Jim Greco ( born December 25 , 1977 ) is an American professional skateboarder .
Hugh H. Moore ( born June 4 , 1844 County Limerick , Ireland ) was an American politician from New York .
Peire d'Ussel or d'Uisel ( Pèire d'Ussèl in modern Occitan ; fl . c. 1200 ) was a Limousin troubadour , the middle of three brothers , castellans of the castle of Ussel - sur - Sarzonne , northeast of Ventadorn .
Lawrence Garfinkel ( January 11 , 1922 -- January 21 , 2010 ) was an American epidemiologist involved in demonstrating the link between smoking and lung cancer .
Hana Mae Lee is an American actress , model , comedian , and fashion designer .
Francis H. Rankin , Jr. ( December 28 , 1854 -- December 7 , 1925 ) was a Michigan politician and publisher .
Sam McCandless is an American musician , producer , and artist .
Conrad of Gelnhausen ( c. 1320 -- 1390 ) was a German theologian and canon lawyer , and one of the founders of the conciliar movement of the late fourteenth century .
Daisy von Scherler Mayer , sometimes credited as Daisy Mayer ( born September 14 , 1966 ) is an American film and television director .
Rosa Pam Durban ( born March 4 , 1947 Aiken , South Carolina ) is an American novelist , and short story writer .
Hugh Alexander Bryson ( August 21 , 1912 -- October 13 , 1987 ) was a Canadian politician , farmer and insurance agent .
Paliyath Jayachandrakuttan , popularly known as P. Jayachandran , is a South Indian playback singer from Kerala .
Marcelo Piñeyro ( born March 5 , 1953 ) is an Argentine award - winning film director , screenwriter , and film producer .
Richard Bone ( born February 3 , 1952 ) is an American electronic musician .
Robert Fontaine Jr. ( born July 11 , 1967 in Brooklyn , New York , USA ) is an American actor most notably recognized for his role as Rafe Castillo on NBC 's soap opera Santa Barbara .
John J. Cove is a Canadian anthropologist known for his work with the Gitksan First Nation of northern British Columbia .
Matteo Loves was a painter active in Cento from about 1625 to 1662 .
Florence Klotz ( October 28 , 1920 -- November 1 , 2006 ) was an American costume designer on Broadway and film .
Jason Chervokas is an American journalist , educator , writer , commentator , entrepreneur and musician .
Peter Orno appears as the author of short papers written by an anonymous mathematician ; thus `` Peter Orno '' is a pseudonym .
Moussa Sene Absa , Moussa Sène Absa , or Moussa Sène Absa ( proper name : Moussa Sène ) is a Senegalese film director , editor , producer , screenwriter , painter and songwriter .
Gualberto Fabricio de Vagad was an Aragonese Cistercian Benedictine monk and the first historian of the Kingdom of Aragon .
Helen Haywood was an English writer and illustrator of children 's books .
Eli Fara ( born 21 May 1960 ) is a popular Albanian folk singer from Korçë .
Rolland Bastien ( January 27 , 1931 -- August 11 , 2012 ) was an American professional wrestler , better known as Red Bastien .
Warren Randolph Burgess ( May 7 , 1889 -- September 16 , 1978 ) was an American banker and diplomat who served as ambassador to NATO from 1957 to 1961 .
Theodore Douglas Robinson ( April 28 , 1883 -- April 10 , 1934 ) was an American politician from New York , and a member of the Roosevelt family .
Paul Hertzberg is an American producer , actor , casting , and writer .
Mary Martha Byrne ( born December 23 , 1969 ) is an American actress , singer and television writer .
Ante Kušurin ( born June 9 , 1983 in Nova Gradiška ) is a Croatian rower , who specialized in the double sculls .
Emile St. Godard ( 15 August 1905 - 26 March 1948 ) was a Canadian dog musher and dog sled racer from Winnipeg , Manitoba .
Leah Gilliam is an American filmmaker and media artist who deals with issues of race , gender , and sexual orientation in her art . Gilliam was the Director of Projects and Community Catalyst at gamelab 's Institute of Play and a visiting faculty member at the Vermont College of Fine Arts .
This name was derived from a combination of the pseudonyms of master painter Hanabusa Itcho , and that of his successor Hanabusa Ikkei , with whom Kunisada had studied a new style of painting around 1824 - 1825 .
Fábio Barreto ( born June 6 , 1957 ) is a Brazilian filmmaker , actor , screenwriter , and film producer .
Simizhi Sundaram Iyer ( Tamil : சுந்தரம் ஐயர் ) ( 1884 - -1927 ) was a Carnatic music composer .
Roshana Taquise Palmer ( born March 8 , 1989 ) is a Canadian Positive / Inspirational R&B singer / songwriter managed by S4 Entertainment .
Haco is a Japanese singer , composer , multi - instrumentalist and sound artist , known for her work with After Dinner and Hoahio , among others .
Heriberto Juárez ( March 16 , 1932 -- August 26 , 2008 ) was a self - taught Mexican sculptor , known for his depictions of women and animals , especially bulls .
Thorsten Hens ( born December 19 , 1961 ) is a German economist and finance academic .
Peter Frechette ( /frəˈʃɛt/ frə - SHET ; born October 3 , 1956 ) is an American film , stage and television actor .
Chuck McCann ( born September 2 , 1934 ) is an American stage , film , television , voice actor and television personality .
Juozas Girnius ( May 23 , 1915 in Sudeikiai , Utena district -- September 13 , 1994 in Boston , Massachusetts ) was a Lithuanian existentialist philosopher .
Wang Jing - li ( Chinese : 王勁力 ; born September 7 , 1976 in Taiwan ) is a Taiwanese baseball player who currently plays for Brother Elephants of Chinese Professional Baseball League .
Panos Koutrouboussis ( Greek : Πάνος Κουτρουμπούσης ; born 1937 ) is a Greek writer and artist .
Safdar Tawakoli ( Persian : صفدر توکلی‎‎ ) ( born 1942 ) is a musician from Afghanistan who focuses on afghan folkloric music Hazaragi music .
Michael Glick is an American dentist , professor and researcher .
Brane Mozetič ( born 14 October 1958 ) is a Slovene poet , writer , editor and translator .
Michelle Sy is an American film producer and executive producer .
Stephan Klapproth ( born 1958 in Luzern , Canton of Luzern ) is a Swiss journalist , television presenter and professor , who was from 1993 to 2015 the popular anchorman of the Swiss national evening news shows 10vor10 .
Kimberly Ovitz ( born July 10 , 1983 ) is an American fashion designer and founder / creative director of the fashion line Kimberly Ovitz .
Dr. Arthur Ting is an orthopaedic surgeon and the team physician for the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League and San Jose Sabercats of the Arena Football League .
Salvador Nava Martínez ( April 7 , 1914 - May 18 , 1992 ) was a Mexican physician , politician and activist .
Barry Gordon ( born December 21 , 1948 ) is an American film , television and voice actor and political talk show host and producer .
Ashley Parker Angel ( born August 1 , 1981 ) is an American singer , songwriter and actor who rose to fame with the boyband O - Town .
Charles Eisenmann ( October 5 , 1855 -- December 8 , 1927 ) was a famous New York photographer during the late 1880s who worked in the Bowery district .
Thomas Telford FRS , FRSE ( 1757 - -1834 ) was a Scottish civil engineer , architect and stonemason , and a noted road , bridge and canal builder .
Annina Enckell ( born 19 September 1957 ) is a Finnish award winning playwright and screenwriter .
Itzik Kol ( Hebrew : איציק קול‎ ; January 12 , 1932 -- July 8 , 2007 ) was an Israeli television and film producer considered by many to be a pioneer and originator of Israeli cinema .
Josh Ostrander is an American singer - songwriter best known for being the front man of Eastern Conference Champions ( ECC ) , a band started with his long - time friend and collaborator Greg Lyons .
Joyce Tyldesley is a British archaeologist and Egyptologist , academic , writer and broadcaster .
Hirotaka Sugawara ( 菅原寛孝 Sugawara Hirotaka , born March 15 , 1938 ) is a Japanese physicist , specializing in the theoretical study of particle physics .
Eldred Gregory Peck ( April 5 , 1916 -- June 12 , 2003 ) was an American actor who was one of the most popular film stars from the 1940s to the 1960s .
Basheer Segu Dawood ( Bazir Ceegu Dhawood ) is a Sri Lankan politician and Member of Parliament .
Samuel Goldwyn ( born Szmuel Gelbfisz ( Yiddish : שמואל גלבפֿיש‎ ) ; August 17 , 1879 -- January 31 , 1974 ) , also known as Samuel Goldfish , was a Jewish Polish American film producer .
Derek Hough ( /ˈhʌf/ ; born May 17 , 1985 ) is an American professional Latin and ballroom dancer , choreographer , actor , singer , and songwriter .
Henri de Tonti ( 1649/50 - 1704 ) was an Italian soldier , explorer , and fur trader in the service of France .
Richard E. Meyer ( May 8 , 1939 - August 18 , 1992 ) was an American businessman , entrepreneur and record producer .
François Perron is a French - born ballet dancer , choreographer and teacher , who now works and resides in the United States .
Reginald Engelbach ( July 9 , 1888 -- February 26 , 1946 ) was an English Egyptologist and engineer .
Jack Hoxie ( January 11 , 1885 -- March 28 , 1965 ) was an American rodeo performer and motion picture actor whose career was most prominent in the silent film era of the 1910s through the 1930s .
Amat Al Alim Alsoswa ( Arabic : امه العليم السوسوه‎ ; Ta'izz , Yemen , August 27 , 1958 ) is a Yemeni journalist and politician for the Yemeni Socialist Party .
Roberto McLellan ( born October 5 , 1984 ) , is a Canadian professional boxer in the Middleweight division and is the former Canadian Professional Boxing Council - Light Middleweight Champion .
Benjamin S. Edwards ( June 3 , 1818 -- February 4 , 1886 ) was an Illinois lawyer , politician , and judge .
Janice Giteck ( born June 27 , 1946 in New York ) is an American composer .
Gale Storm ( April 5 , 1922 -- June 27 , 2009 ) was an American actress and singer who starred in two popular television programs of the 1950s , My Little Margie and The Gale Storm Show .
Paul Laurence Dunbar ( June 27 , 1872 -- February 9 , 1906 ) was an American poet , novelist , and playwright of the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
Ricardo Belmont Cassinelli was a Peruvian TV network owner and politician in the early 1990s .
Iacomo Andrea was an architect from Ferrara and the author on a commentary on Vitruvius .
Old Rashko or Old man Raško ( Serbian : Старац Рашко ; Старац Рашко Колашинац ) was a Serbian storyteller and gusle player ( guslar ) known as one of the most important sources of the epic poetry recorded by Vuk Karadžić .
Rosalyn Tureck ( December 14 , 1914 -- July 17 , 2003 ) was an American pianist and harpsichordist who was particularly associated with the music of Johann Sebastian Bach .
Michael Varhol is a screenwriter and film producer .
Prem Joshua ( Hindi : प्रेम जोशुआ ) is a German musician , active since 1991 .
Viktor Lomidze , also known by his Polish name of Wiktor Łomidze - Wachtang , was a Georgian - Polish military officer .
Cambridge Jones ( real name Paul Barrow ) is a British celebrity portrait photographer .
Pat Duffy ( born January 17 , 1975 ) is a goofy - footed professional skateboarder , and is widely recognized among skateboarders for his handrail skateboarding .
Mahlon Clark ( March 7 , 1923 -- September 20 , 2007 ) was an American musician who was a member of the Lawrence Welk orchestra from 1962 to 1968 .
Lucia Cormani was a 19th and early 20th - century Italian ballet dancer and one of the founders of the Royal Academy of Dance .
Chacho Gaytán ( born Gonzalo Gaytán Barragán on January 5 , 1969 ) is a Mexican musician , composer and member of Sentidos Opuestos , a Mexican Latin pop duet prominent during the 1990s .
Peire Vidal ( born mid-12th century ) was an Old Occitan troubadour .
Feng Gong ( simplified Chinese : 冯巩 ; traditional Chinese : 馮鞏 ; pinyin : Féng Gǒng ; born 1957 ) is a Chinese actor , xiangsheng performer , film director , and screenwriter from Tianjin , China .
Ching - Po Paul Chiang ( also known as Ching - Po Chiang and Po - Po Chiang ) is a Taiwanese symphony orchestra conductor , producer , chamber musician .
Edward John Phelps ( July 11 , 1822 -- March 9 , 1900 ) was an American lawyer and diplomat from Vermont .
Alexandra Crandell is an American fashion model and television personality best known for her appearance on MTV 's The City .
Roderick White ( June 23 , 1814 Springville , then in Niagara Co. , now in Erie County , New York -- May 26 , 1856 Olean , Cattaraugus County , New York ) was an American lawyer and politician from New York .
Serge Rudaz ( born August 19 , 1954 , pronounced `` Rü - DAH '' ) is a Canadian theoretical physicist and Professor of Physics at the University of Minnesota .
Geraint Jennings is a Jersey politician and linguist .
Timothy Hayes Yule ( January 4 , 1947 -- September 23 , 2006 ) , better known as Tim Rooney , was an American actor and voice actor .
Annejet van der Zijl lives in Amsterdam with her husband , a journalist .
Zaina Agoro ( born in Chicago , Illinois on the 7th of June ) , better known by her stage name Zaina , is a Nigerian American singer and songwriter .
Patricia Marx is an American humorist and writer .
Natalie Kampen ( February 1 , 1944 -- August 12 , 2012 ) was an American art historian and women 's studies professor .
Michael Lodahl is a theologian in the Church of the Nazarene .
John James Uy is a Filipino / Chinese actor , artist , host and model .
Josef Zemann ( May 25 , 1923 -- ) is an Austrian mineralogist and geologist .
Robert Alexander Walker , QC ( March 6 , 1916 - March 28 , 1989 ) was a lawyer and a Saskatchewan politician who served in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan .
Herbert Spiegel ( June 29 , 1914 -- December 15 , 2009 ) was an American psychiatrist who popularized therapeutic hypnosis as a mainstream medical treatment for patients suffering from pain , anxiety and addictions .
Tadeusz Kruczkowski ( Belarusian : Тадэвуш Кручкоўскі ; born January 5 , 1961 in Jaskołda near Vyalikaya Byerastavitsa ) is a Polish - Belarusian historian and activist .
Brian Clement ( born March 21 , 1977 ) is a Canadian independent film director , writer , and producer .
Sanjay Puran Singh Chauhan ( born 8 October ) is an Indian film director and screenwriter , who is most known for his award winning and internationally acclaimed film Lahore .
Thomas Whitefield ( fl . 1378 - 1401 ) was an English politician .
Kardosné ( 16th century ) was the mistress of Hungarian king János Szapolyai .
William McKendree ( July 6 , 1757 -- March 5 , 1835 ) was the fourth Bishop of the Methodist Episcopal Church , and the first Methodist bishop born in the United States .
Chris D. ( born Chris Desjardins ; January 15 , 1952 ) is a punk poet , rock critic , singer , writer , actor and filmmaker .
Juan Miguel de Guzman ( born September 9 , 1988 ) , popularly known by his screen name JM de Guzman , is a Filipino actor , mixed martial artist , model and singer .
Ryan Dunlap ( born October 21 , 1983 ) is an American independent film and short story actor , writer , and director .
Marija Knežević , a Serbian poet , fiction writer , essayist , literary translator and professor of literature was born in Belgrade , Serbia , in 1963 .
Kirsty MacColl was the daughter of folk singer Ewan MacColl and dancer Jean Newlove .
Fabián E. Bustamante is an Argentinian - American computer scientist specializing in distributed systems and computer networking .
William D. Chapple ( August 6 , 1868 -- ? ) was a Massachusetts lawyer and politician who served on the Salem City Council , in the Massachusetts House of Representatives ; and as a member , and President of , the Massachusetts Senate .
Lenin Arroyo ( born October 19 , 1979 in San José , Costa Rica ) is a professional boxer based in Miami , Florida , in the United States .
The Argentinean guitarist Pablo Márquez is considered today as one of the most accomplished and versatile virtuosi of his instrument .
Gordon H. Peck ( 1857 -- February 18 , 1921 ) was an American manufacturer and politician from New York .
František Antonín Nickerl ( December 4 , 1813 in Prague -- February 4 , 1871 in Prague ) was a Czech entomologist who specialised in Lepidoptera , especially those of the Riesengebirges .
Kim Goody ( born 19 February 1954 , London , England ) is an English actress , composer , singer and songwriter .
Luc Malo ( born November 2 , 1973 ) is a Canadian politician , who was a Member of Parliament for the riding of Verchères--
Shira Nayman ( born April 26 , 1960 ) is a novelist and short story writer best known for her collection Awake in the Dark , published in 2006 .
George Henry Corliss ( June 2 , 1817 -- February 21 , 1888 ) was an American mechanical engineer and inventor , who developed the Corliss steam engine , which was a great improvement over any other stationary steam engine of its time .
Timothy Ting Ting - yu ( 丁庭宇 , born 1954 ) is a Taiwanese politician and sociologist .
Patrick O'Hea ( born 1848 ) was an Irish nationalist politician and a Member of Parliament ( MP ) from 1885 to 1890 .
Nouraiz Shakoor ( Urdu , Punjabi : نوریز شکور ; born Chaudhry Nouraiz Shakoor Khan on October 19 , 1950 ) is a Pakistani politician from Sahiwal who has been a member of the National Assembly three times ( in the 1988 , 1993 and 2002 elections respectively ) .
Hanna Fahl ( born October 23 , 1978 ) is a Swedish music journalist and translator .
Roberto Iniesta Ojea ( Spanish pronunciation : ( roˈβeɾto iˈnjesta oˈxe.a ) ; May 16 , 1962 ) , also known as Robe ; is a Spanish songwriter , singer and guitarist .
Boris Sidis ( /ˈsaɪdɪs/ ; October 12 , 1867 -- October 24 , 1923 ) was a Ukrainian American psychologist , physician , psychiatrist , and philosopher of education .
Howard McCalebb ( b. Indianola , Mississippi , May 13 , 1947 ) is an African - American abstract sculptor .
Bryce Goggin is a record producer and sound engineer .
Alice Meichi Li ( 李美姿 ) is a Chinese - American , New York City - based visual artist and illustrator for comic books , magazines , and album covers .
Fred Sammartino is an American communications - industry engineer and executive , well known as the founding president and chairman of the board of the ATM Forum .
Roberto Juan Rodríguez ( Havana ) is a Cuban - American jazz musician who is known for fusion of Latin music and Jewish Klezmer elements .
Zvi Hercowitz ( Hebrew : צבי הרקוביץ‎ ) is an Israeli economist and economics professor .
Ameet Chana ( born 12 September 1975 in Epsom , Surrey , England ) is a British Indian actor .
Dabney Carr ( April 27 , 1773 -- January 8 , 1837 ) was a Virginia lawyer , writer and a justice of the Virginia Supreme Court of Appeals .
Ernst Mosch ( November 7 , 1925 -- May 15 , 1999 ) was a German musician , composer and conductor .
Anders Holm ( born May 29 , 1981 ) is an American actor , comedian and writer .
Earl Hurd ( September 14 , 1880 -- September 28 , 1940 ) was a pioneering American animator and film director .
Tim Hicks ( born August 22 , 1979 ) is a Canadian country music singer - songwriter from Niagara Falls , Ontario .
Zhou Lulu ( Chinese : 周璐璐 ; born March 19 , 1988 ) is a Chinese weightlifter .
Fred Federspiel is an American technology entrepreneur , nuclear physicist and inventor .
Clé Bennett is a Canadian television , film and stage actor .
Francisco Maria da Veiga , GCNSC , KCVO was a Portuguese judge and pro - monarchist .
Nonna Bella was a Turkish singer of Armenian descent , in the 1970s .
Shirley Kaneda is an abstract painter .
Sara Howard ( b. September 24 , 1981 ) is a politician from the U.S. state of Nebraska .
Sam Witt is an American poet and journalist who currently lives in Massachusetts and teaches at Framingham State University .
Charis Romas or Haris Romas ( Greek : Χάρης Ρώμας ) is a Greek actor , screenwriter , and lyricist .
Thomas Hecht ( born October 31 , 1960 in Baltimore , Maryland ) is an American pianist , composer and professor of piano , based at the Yong Siew Toh Conservatory of Music , National University of Singapore where he was appointed founding head of piano studies in 2003 .
Jack Epps Jr. ( born 1949 ) is an American screenwriter , known chiefly for such popular 80 's films as Top Gun , Legal Eagles and The Secret of My Success , which he wrote with longtime partner Jim Cash .
Michael Moriarty ( born April 5 , 1941 ) is an American - Canadian stage and screen actor and a jazz musician .
Sapna Mukherjee is a Bollywood playback singer who won the Filmfare Award for Best Female Playback Singer for the song `` Tirchi Topi Wale '' in Tridev ( 1989 ) .
William J. Ruane ( October 24 , 1925 -- October 4 , 2005 ) was an American businessman , investor , and philanthropist .
Janet Sternburg ( born January 18 , 1943 ) is an American writer of essays , poetry and memoir , as well as a fine art photographer .
Pascal Breland was a famous 19th - century Pre - confederation Canadian Métis farmer and politician .
Anas el - Fiqqi ( alternate spelling : Anas El Feki , Anas El - Feki , Anas Al - Faki , Anas al - Fiqi , Anas El - Fekky or el - Fiqi ) is an Egyptian politician .
Christopher Straub is a fashion designer who was a contestant on season 6 of the competitive reality show Project Runway and also appeared on season 1 of the competitive reality show Models of the Runway as the designer for the model Katie Sticksel , Celine Chua , and Matar Cohen .
William Boone Douglass was a lawyer , engineer , surveyor , genealogist , and founding President of the Boone Family Association .
Valeen Tippetts Avery ( December 22 , 1936 -- April 7 , 2006 ) was an American biographer and historian best known for her work on Western American and Latter Day Saint history .
Rose Aguilar is a progressive journalist and radio host from San Francisco , California .
Tricia Cooke is an American film editor who is married to director Ethan Coen .
Josefa Celsa Señaris or Señaris ( born 2 November 1965 ) is a Venezuelan herpetologist .
Susan Isaacs ( born December 7 , 1943 ) is an American novelist , essayist , and screenwriter .
Lynn Meredith is an American musician who was a founding member of Kansas .
Mark Angelo Cadaweng Cielo ( May 12 , 1988 -- December 7 , 2008 ) , better known as Marky Cielo , was a Filipino actor , dancer , and the first known Igorot in Philippine showbiz .
Richard John Neuhaus ( May 14 , 1936 -- January 8 , 2009 ) was a prominent Christian cleric ( first as a Lutheran pastor and later as a Roman Catholic priest ) and writer .
Terry Tufts ( William Terence Tufts born 1954 in Gasline , Ontario ) is a Canadian singer - songwriter writing in many different musical genres .
Andrew John Schofield ( Andy Schofield ) is a theoretical physicist and a professor at the University of Birmingham where he is a Pro - Vice - Chancellor and the Head of the College of Engineering and Physical Sciences ( EPS ) .
Patrick Cantlay ( born March 17 , 1992 ) is an American professional golfer who was the number one golfer in the World Amateur Golf Ranking for a record 55 weeks .
Carla van de Puttelaar ( born November 1 , 1967 ) is a Dutch fine art photographer .
Julius Stieglitz ( 1867 - -1937 ) was an American chemist of German Jewish origin .
Vera Sell - Ryazanoff ( born 1951 ) is a Russian - German painter and philosopher .
Larry Hovis ( February 20 , 1936 -- September 9 , 2003 ) was an American singer and actor best known for playing Sergeant Carter on the 1960s television sitcom Hogan 's Heroes .
Filbert Bayi Sanka ( born June 23 , 1953 ) is a former Tanzanian middle - distance runner of the 1970s who set the world records for 1500 metres in 1974 and the mile in 1975 .
Brady Hicks is a Philadelphia area journalist , radio personality , blogger , columnist , wrestling reporter , professional wrestling manager , play - by - play commentator , color analyst , and occasional Pro Wrestling Illustrated contributing writer .
Hobart Freeman ( October 17 , 1920 -- December 8 , 1984 ) was a charismatic preacher and author , who ministered in northern Indiana and actively promoted faith healing .
Felicitas Heyne is a German psychologist and book author .
Peter van Nieuwenhuizen ( Dutch : ( vɑn ˈniu̯əˌɦœyzə ) ; born October 26 , 1938 ) is a Dutch physicist .
Frank Bank ( April 12 , 1942 -- April 13 , 2013 ) was an American actor , particularly known for his role as Clarence `` Lumpy '' Rutherford on the 1957 - -1963 situation comedy television series Leave It to Beaver .
St. Margaret Mary Alacoque , V.H.M. ( French : Marguerite - Marie Alacoque ) ( 1647 - 1690 ) , was a French Roman Catholic nun and mystic , who promoted devotion to the Sacred Heart of Jesus in its modern form .
Adrian Grunberg is an American film director and screenwriter .
Ruth Brown ( January 12 , 1928 -- November 17 , 2006 ) was an American singer - songwriter and actress , sometimes known as the `` Queen of R&B '' .
Aster Yohannes is the wife of detained Eritrean politician Petros Solomon .
Arturo Soto Rangel ( March 12 , 1882 -- May 25 , 1965 ) was a Mexican film , television , and stage actor .
Alberto Arvelo Torrealba ( September 3 , 1905 - March 28 , 1971 ) , was a Venezuelan lawyer , educator and folklorical poet .
Joyce Haddelsey was an English Women 's Test cricketer .
Matt Jaffe ( born April 20 , 1995 ) is an American singer - songwriter , guitarist and founder of the band Matt Jaffe & The Distractions .
Hermann Bellinghausen ( born May 17 , 1953 ) is a Mexican physician , poet , writer , and editor .
Viera Tomanová ( born February 5 , 1948 ) is a Slovak politician , former Minister of Labour of Slovakia under Prime Minister Robert Fico .
Ishion Hutchinson is an award - winning Jamaican poet and essayist .
László Benedek ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈlaːsloː ˈbɛnɛdɛk ) ; March 5 , 1905 -- March 11 , 1992 ; sometimes Laslo Benedek ) was a Hungarian - born film director and cinematographer , most notable for directing The Wild One ( 1953 ) .
Sidney Schwartz was a tennis player from the United States who competed in the mid-20th century .
Abdullah Dukuly ( Also known as Abdulai Dukuly , Abdoulaye W. Dukule ) is a Liberian journalist and news editor , formerly of The News , a Monrovia - based daily publication .
Abdullahi Ibrahim is a Nigerian lawyer , politician and administrator .
Joseph Percival Pollard ( January 29 , 1869 - December 17 , 1911 ) was an American literary critic , novelist and short story writer .
Harry Sawyerr was a Ghanaian politician and quantity surveyor .
Chen Wu - hsiung ( Chinese : 陳武雄 ; pinyin : Chén Wǔxióng ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Mark Anthony Carpio is a choral conductor and a countertenor who is the present choirmaster of the Philippine Madrigal Singers , Kilyawan Boys Choir and Pansol Choir .
Guillaume IV de Melun , Count of Tancarville , Lord of Montreuil - Bellay , was a French politician , chamberlain and advisor to King Charles VI of France .
Basil Gill ( March 10 , 1877 -- April 23 , 1955 ) was a British stage actor and film actor .
Jeanne Lee ( January 29 , 1939 -- October 25 , 2000 ) was an American jazz singer , poet and composer .
William Bakewell ( May 2 , 1908 -- April 15 , 1993 ) , also known as Billy Bakewell , was an American actor , who achieved his greatest fame as one of the premiere juvenile performers of the late 1920s and early 1930s .
Jack Kilmer ( born June 6 , 1995 ) is an American actor best known for starring in the 2013 film Palo Alto .
Luther Severance ( October 26 , 1797 -- January 25 , 1855 ) was a United States Representative and diplomat from Maine .
Gogea Mitu ( born Goagă Stephen on September 23 , 1911 -- June 8 , 1936 ) was a Romanian boxer and the tallest Romanian in history ( followed by Ghiţă Mureșan ) .
Deandre Latimore ( born August 31 , 1985 ) is an American professional boxer and world title challenger .
Pieter Stoop is a Dutch painter of large abstract paintings .
Rex Bell , born George Francis Beldam ( October 16 , 1903 -- July 4 , 1962 ) , was an American actor and politician .
Glenn Firebaugh is an American sociologist ( born : Charleston , West Virginia ) and leading international authority on social science research methods .
Devin Vargas ( born December 25 , 1981 in Toledo , OH ) is a boxer who represented the United States at the 2004 Olympic Games in the heavyweight division .
Leigh Dragoon is a professional American comics writer and illustrator .
Erich Kobler was a German film editor and director .
Dr. Robert D. Maurer ( born July 20 , 1924 ) is an American industrial physicist noted for his leadership in the invention of optical fiber .
Ryley Walker ( born July 21 , 1989 ) is an American singer - songwriter and guitarist from Rockford , Illinois .
Christopher Atkins ( born Christopher Atkins Bomann ; February 21 , 1961 ) is an American actor , who became famous in his debut role with co - star Brooke Shields in the 1980 film The Blue Lagoon .
Margot Zemach ( November 30 , 1931 -- May 21 , 1989 ) was an American illustrator of more than forty children 's books , some of which she also wrote .
The Infinite Worlds of H. G. Wells is a four - hour miniseries conceived by Nick Willing and released in 2001 by the Hallmark Channel .
American Idol Extra is a television show that was shown on the Fox Reality Channel and Star ! and billed as `` the show that picks up right where American Idol leaves off '' .
ESPN Friday Night Fights ( last known as Friday Night Fights presented by Just for Men Haircolor for sponsorship reasons ) was a series of boxing events broadcast by ESPN2 .
The Gemma Factor is a BBC Three sitcom starring Anna Gilthorpe , Claire King and Gwyneth Powell .
Zapped is an American Disney Channel Original Movie .
Trial & Retribution is a feature - length ITV police procedural television drama series that began in 1997 .
MasterChef France is a French television series broadcast on TF1 in France .
Comics Britannia is a three - part documentary series from BBC Four which started on 10 September 2007 .
The Smothers Brothers Show is an American fantasy sitcom featuring the Smothers Brothers that aired on CBS on Friday nights at 9:30 p.m. ET from September 17 , 1965 to April 22 , 1966 , co - sponsored by Alberto - Culver 's VO5 hairdressing products and American Tobacco ( Tareyton ) .
Saved by the Bell is an American television sitcom that aired on NBC from 1989 to 1993 .
Codice rosso ( Code Red ) is an Italian television series produced in 2006 and broadcast on Canale 5 between 16 November and 15 December 2006 .
Late Night with Conan O'Brien is an American late - night talk show hosted by Conan O'Brien that aired 2,725 episodes on NBC between 1993 and 2009 .
Welcome to the Parker is an American reality television series on Bravo that premiered on July 26 , 2007 .
Murdoch Mysteries is a Canadian television drama series aired on both City and CBC Television , titled The Artful Detective on the Ovation cable TV network , featuring Yannick Bisson as William Murdoch , a police detective working in Toronto , Ontario , around the turn of the twentieth century .
Domenica in is an Italian Sunday long - running television show broadcast by Rai 1 since 1976 .
13 x 13 was a Catalan TV series which aired in TV3 .
Liquid Television is an animation showcase that appeared on MTV .
Acceptable . TV is a television program created by Dan Harmon and Rob Schrab that aired on VH1 from March 23 to May 11 , 2007 .
The Colgate Comedy Hour is an American comedy - musical variety series that aired live on the NBC network from 1950 to 1955 .
Ice Cold Gold is a reality television series that airs on Animal Planet .
Felicidade ( English : Happiness ) is a Brazilian telenovela produced and broadcast by Rede Globo from October 7 , 1991 to May 30 , 1992 .
Making the Band was an ABC / MTV reality television series that exists in separate iterations , each iteration focusing on a specific music act .
Boxing After Dark is an HBO boxing program , premiering in April 1996 , that usually shows fights between well - known contenders , but usually not `` championship '' or `` title '' fights .
Cash Bonanza is an Australian game show hosted by Larry Emdur , which was broadcast on the Nine Network in 2001 .
Tony Robinson 's Crime and Punishment is a British documentary for Channel 4 .
Oi Aparadektoi ( Greek : Οι Απαράδεκτοι , English : The Unacceptables ) is a comedy television series broadcast by Mega Channel from September 1991 to January 1993 .
Weekends with Alex Witt is a news program on MSNBC anchored by Alex Witt .
Piel salvaje is a Venezuelan telenovela produced by RCTV for Televen .
Goodnight , Beantown is an American sitcom that aired on CBS for two brief seasons in 1983 and 1984 .
Arka Sokaklar ( Turkish for `` back streets '' ) , a long - running television crime series on Turkish Kanal D , was first broadcast in July 2006 .
Through the Eyes of Tomorrow was a Canadian variety and public affairs television series for youth which aired on CBC Television from 1966 to 1969 .
The Glee Project is an American reality television series from Oxygen .
The PBA on Viva TV was a presentation of Philippine Basketball Association games on Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation by VIVA Entertainment after the company absorbed Vintage Sports .
Deadly Women is a television series first aired in 2005 on the Discovery Channel , focusing on female killers .
Ktsarim ( Hebrew : קצרים‎ , lit . Shorts ) is an Israeli sketch comedy series , broadcast on Channel 2 , and based on the British comedy show The Sketch Show .
C'mon , Have A Go ! was an Australian television game show broadcast on the Seven Network in 1985 and 1986 .
Top Ground Gear Force is a one - off TV special , featuring the cast of BBC 's Top Gear , which originally aired on BBC Two at 22:00 GMT on 14 March 2008 as part of Sport Relief 2008 .
Brooklyn Kinda Love is an adult reality series currently airing on Playboy TV .
NFL Insiders is a National Football League studio show , currently airing Monday through Friday at 3:00 p.m. ET on ESPN .
Poor Nastya ( Russian : Бедная Настя , Bednaya Nastya ) is a Russian telenovela originally aired from 31 October 2003 to 30 April 2004 on the STS .
The Judy and Jim Show is a Canadian variety television miniseries which aired on CBC Television as separate runs in 1973 and 1977 .
Plats bruts ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈpɫats ˈβɾuts ) , meaning in English `` Dirty dishes '' ) is a sitcom issued for TV3 .
Peninta Peninta ( in English Fifty - Fifty ) is a Greek television series that was first aired from 2005 to 2007 by Mega Channel .
Pachybrachis is a genus of leaf beetles , Chrysomelidae , in the tribe Cryptocephalini of the subfamily Cryptocephalinae and belong to the group of casebearers called the Camptosomata .
The Tyrrhenian painted frog ( Discoglossus sardus ) is a species of frog in the Alytidae family ( formerly Discoglossidae ) .
Comocladia is a genus of flowering plants in the cashew family , Anacardiaceae .
Auroracetus , from Aurora ( the location the holotype was discovered , Aurora N.C. ) and the Latin cetus ( whale ) , is a genus of Pontoporiidae , the river dolphins , and contains one extinct species .
( 2010 ) showing the phylogenetic relationship of Cerrejonisuchus within Dyrosauridae :
Stiles 's tapaculo ( Scytalopus stilesi ) is a member of the tapaculos , a group of Neotropical birds .
Taiwanotrechus subglobosus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Taiwanotrechus .
Duabanga was traditionally included in the ditypic family Sonneratiaceae , but it is now classified in its own monotypic subfamily Duabangoideae of the Lythraceae .
Austropaxillus is a genus of fungi in the family Serpulaceae , containing nine species found in Australia , New Zealand and South America .
The Pacific angelshark ( Squatina californica ) is a species of angel shark , family Squatinidae , found in the eastern Pacific Ocean from Alaska to the Gulf of California , and from Ecuador to Chile , although those in the Gulf of California and southeastern Pacific may in fact be separate species .
Capraria is a genus of flowering plants in the figwort family , Scrophulariaceae .
The Cyphonocerinae are a subfamily of fireflies ( Lampyridae ) with only a few handful of species in ( presumably ) two genera found in North America and Eurasia .
The Radde 's accentor ( Prunella ocularis ) is a species of bird in the Prunellidae family .
Monneus longiventris is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Monneus .
The genus Eudyptula ( `` good little diver '' ) contains two species of penguin .
Gnaphalodes trachyderoides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Gnaphalodes .
Mayaphaenops sbordonii is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Mayaphaenops .
Ramphotrigon is a genus of tyrant flycatchers in the Tyrannidae family .
The Beijing barbastelle ( Barbastella beijingensis ) , also known as the Beijing wide - eared bat , is a species of vesper bat endemic to Beijing Municipality , China .
Data based on nuclear DNA support Glires as a sister of Euarchonta to form Euarchontoglires ( Murphy et al . and Madsen et al . 2001 ) , but some genetic data from both nuclear and mitochondrial DNA have been less supportive ( Arnason et al . 2002 ) .
The Lentariaceae are a family of fungi belonging in what is classically known as the Gomphales order , or cladistically as the gomphoid - phalloid clade .
The Catophragmidae are a family of barnacles in the superfamily Chthamaloidea with eight shell wall plates ( rostrum , carina , paired rostrolatera , carinolatera I and carinolatera II ) , surrounded by several whorls of imbricating plates .
The Mount Oku hylomyscus ( Hylomyscus grandis ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Zoopagomycotina is a subphylum ( incertae sedis ) of the fungal phylum Zygomycota sensu lato .
Welleritidae is one of five families of the Schistocerataceae superfamily .
The Korean skate ( Hongeo koreana ) is a skate in the family Rajidae , and is the sole member of its genus .
Rooniella camerunica is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Rooniella .
Brosset 's big - eared bat ( Micronycteris brosseti ) is a bat species from South America .
Hortia is a genus of plants in family Rutaceae , with 10 species native to Central America and northern South America .
Pomatiopsis is a genus of amphibious snails with gills and an operculum , aquatic freshwater gastropod mollusks in the family Pomatiopsidae .
Navanax is a genus of sea slugs , marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Aglajidae .
Peach latent mosaic viroid is a type species from the genus Pelamoviroid , which belongs to the family Avsunviroidae .
The Florida black bear ( Ursus americanus floridanus ) is a subspecies of the American black bear that has historically ranged throughout most of Florida and southern portions of Alabama , Georgia , and Mississippi .
The Texas heelsplitter , scientific name Potamilus amphichaenus , is a species of freshwater mussel , an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae , the river mussels .
Malakichthys is a genus of fish in the family Acropomatidae , the temperate ocean - basses or lanternfishes .
Morierina is a genus of plant in family Rubiaceae first described as a genus in 1865 .
The Penang betta ( Betta pugnax ) is a species of gourami native to Southeast Asia and common in swiftly flowing forest streams of the Malay Peninsula , Cambodia , Thailand , Borneo , and Sumatra .
Lamiinae , commonly called flat - faced longhorns , are a subfamily of the longhorn beetle family ( Cerambycidae ) .
The Eritrea clawed frog or Peracca 's clawed frog ( Xenopus clivii ) is a species of frog in the Pipidae family found in Eritrea , Ethiopia , Kenya , and Sudan .
The King Kong grosbeak or giant grosbeak ( Chloridops regiskongi ) is a prehistoric species of Hawaiian honeycreeper , that was endemic to Hawaiʻi .
Mizotrechus novemstriatus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Mizotrechus .
The Ruspoli 's turaco ( Tauraco ruspolii ) , also known as Prince Ruspoli 's turaco or Touraco De Ruspoli , is a species of bird in the Musophagidae family .
The Kivu long - haired shrew ( Crocidura lanosa ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Neofelis diardi borneensis ( Wilting et al . , 2007 ) is a subspecies of the Sunda clouded leopard ( Neofelis diardi ) native to the island of Borneo .
Cleistesiopsis is an orchid genus in the tribe Pogonieae .
Fraxinus latifolia ( Oregon ash ) is a member of the ash genus Fraxinus , native to western North America .
The family Rallidae has traditionally been grouped with two families of larger birds , the cranes and bustards , as well as several smaller families of usually `` primitive '' mid - sized amphibious birds , to make up the order Gruiformes .
Zeaspora ( scientific name Diheterospora zeaspora ) is a rare medical condition and species of fungus .
The parotias are a genus , Parotia , of passerine birds in the bird - of - paradise family Paradisaeidae .
Cofana is a genus of leafhoppers belonging to the family Cicadellidae .
The Solomons cuckooshrike or black - bellied cicadabird ( Coracina holopolia ) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family .
Dasyspora is a genus of rust fungi in the family Uropyxidaceae .
Stenorhynchus is a genus of marine crabs in the family Inachidae , containing the following species :
Netrostoma is a genus of true jellyfish in the family Cepheidae .
Dicoelia is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae and the only genus of the tribe ( Dicoelieae ) .
Tmesisternini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Lamiinae containing the following genera :
The Tacarcuna bush tanager ( Chlorospingus tacarcunae ) is a species of bird traditionally placed in the family Thraupidae , but perhaps closer to Arremonops in the Emberizidae .
Lasiognathus is a genus of deep - sea anglerfish in the family Thaumatichthyidae , with six species known from the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans .
Paratylopus is an extinct genus of terrestrial herbivore the family Camelidae , endemic to North America from the Eocene through Oligocene 38.0 - -30.8 , existing for approximately 7.2 million years .
Varicellovirus ( var′i - sel′ō - vi′rŭs ) is a genus of viruses belonging to subfamily Alphaherpesvirinae , a member of family Herpesviridae .
Whitespotted conger ( Conger myriaster ) ( Japanese name : ma - anago ) is in the family of conger eels , widespread in the Northwest Pacific near the coasts of Japan , Korean Peninsula , and the East China Sea .
Hovenia is a small genus of deciduous trees or shrubs in the family Rhamnaceae .
Trichodrias esoterica is a species of beetle in the family Dermestidae , the only species in the genus Trichodrias .
The Archbold 's bowerbird ( Archboldia papuensis ) is a medium - sized , up to 37 cm long , dark grey songbird with brown iris , grey feet and black bill .
The Ipanema bat ( Pygoderma bilabiatum ) , is a bat species from South America .
Cinereomyces is a genus of resupinate ( crust - like ) fungi in the family Polyporaceae , circumscribed by Swiss mycologist Walter Jülich in 1981 .
Kiwitrechus karenscottae is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Kiwitrechus .
Scotonycteris is a small genus of bat in the family Pteropodidae .
Acanthochitona is a genus of chitons in the family Acanthochitonidae , of worldwide distribution .
The Schalow 's turaco ( Tauraco schalowi ) is a frugivorous bird in the Musophagidae family .
The Maracaibo tody - flycatcher ( Todirostrum viridanum ) , also known as the short - tailed tody - flycatcher , is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family .
The Alagoas tyrannulet ( Phylloscartes ceciliae ) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family .
Plectopylidae is a taxonomic family of large air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Plectopyloidea .
Von der Decken 's hornbill ( Tockus deckeni ) is a hornbill found in East Africa , especially to the east of the East African Rift , from Ethiopia south to Tanzania .
Erinus is a genus of flowering plants in the family Plantaginaceae ( previously in the family Scrophulariaceae ) , native to stony mountainous sites in North Africa and southern Europe .
Oxyria is a genus of plants in the family Polygonaceae with two currently accepted species .
FAMILY CERCOPITHECIDAE Subfamily Cercopithecinae Tribe Cercopithecini Genus Allenopithecus - Allen 's swamp monkey Genus Miopithecus - talapoins Genus Erythrocebus - patas monkey Genus Chlorocebus - vervets monkeys , etc . Genus Cercopithecus - guenons Tribe Papionini
Eocypraeidae is a small family of large sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Cypraeoidea , the cowries and cowry allies .
Frieseomelitta is a stingless bee ( Meliponini ) genus in the family Apidae .
Neonida grandis is a species of squat lobster in a monotypic genus in the family Munididae .
Archinemapogon is a somewhat disputed genus of the fungus moth family , Tineidae .
Acanthion is a subgenus of Old World porcupines in the genus Hystrix .
Scortechinia is a family of fungi in the Ascomycota , of the family Nitschkiaceae .
Astrometis is a genus of sea star in the Asteriidae family .
Cisticolas ( pronounced sis - TIC - olas ) are a genus of very small insectivorous birds formerly classified in the Old World warbler family Sylviidae , but now usually considered to be in the separate family Cisticolidae , along with other southern warbler genera .
Parnips is a genus of the family Figitidae , order Hymenoptera .
The Tsinpa salamander ( Liua tsinpaensis ) is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family .
The Vespa simillima , including the subspecies known as the Japanese hornet or Japanese yellow hornet ( Vespa simillima xanthoptera ) ( キイロスズメバチ ) , is a common hornet species in the Eastern Hemisphere .
The Indian burrowing frog ( Sphaerotheca breviceps ) is a species of frog found in South Asia ( Pakistan , Nepal , India , Sri Lanka , Myanmar , and probably Bangladesh ) .
Rudd 's lark ( Heteromirafra ruddi ) is a species of lark in the Alaudidae family .
Triviella is a genus of small sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Triviidae , the trivias .
The Murphy 's crow ( Euploea caespes ) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily .
The Maduran leaf - nosed bat ( Hipposideros madurae ) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae endemic to Indonesia .
Hemitoma is a genus of slit limpets , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Fissurellidae , the keyhole limpets and slit limpets .
The Antarctic minke whale or southern minke whale ( Balaenoptera bonaerensis ) is a species of minke whale within the suborder of baleen whales .
The Armenian cucumber , Cucumis melo var . flexuosus , is a type of long , slender fruit which tastes like a cucumber and looks somewhat like a cucumber inside .
Spix 's yellow - toothed cavy , Galea spixii , is a rodent , a cavy species from South America .
The Gangetic whiting , Sillaginopsis panijus ( also known as the flathead sillago ) , is a species of inshore marine and estuarine fish of the smelt - whiting family , Sillaginidae .
Aphylax lyciformis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Aphylax .
The South American tern ( Sterna hirundinacea ) is a species of tern found in coastal regions of southern South America , including the Falkland Islands , ranging north to Peru ( Pacific coast ) and Brazil ( Atlantic coast ) .
Turkanillus strinatii is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Turkanillus .
Rhizangiidae is a family of stony corals in the order Scleractinia .
Aurantilaria is a monotypic genus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae , the spindle snails , the tulip snails and their allies .
Halimium ( rockrose , false sun - rose , or halimium ) is a genus of 12 species of evergreen or semi - evergreen subshrubs in the family Cistaceae , closely related to Cistus .
Ctenitis is a genus of large ferns in the Dryopteridaceae .
Tetradium is a genus of nine species of trees in the family Rutaceae , occurring in temperate to tropical east Asia .
Zeacolpus is a genus of medium - sized sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Turritellidae , known as the turritellas or tower shells .
Williamsoceras is an endocerid that Rousseau Flower ( 1968 ) added to his Allotrioceratidae ( Flower 1955 ) on the basis of having a vertical partition within the siphuncle , known as a ventral process , with inter - connecting tubule - like structures along its margin where intercepted by endocones .
Lactifluus corrugis ( formerly Lactarius corrugis ) , commonly known as the corrugated - cap milky , is a species of fungus in the family Russulaceae .
Hose 's frog ( Odorrana hosii , often misspelled as O. hosei ) is a true frog species with a wide range in Southeast Asia .
Cyphostemma is a flowering plant genus belonging to the family Vitaceae .
Because of the similarity , Harpactognathus was assigned to the subfamily Scaphognathinae of the family Rhamphorhynchidae .
The West Sepik tree frog ( Litoria leucova ) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family .
Daiopterix is an extinct genus of moth within the family Eolepidopterigidae , containing two species .
Dhori virus ( DHOV ) is a species of the genus Thogotovirus and a member of the family Orthomyxoviridae .
George Myers ( 1931 ) synonymized Pseudotropichthys with Cranoglanis , as well as described the family Cranoglanididae .
The Terre - de - Haut racer ( Alsophis sanctonum ) is a species of snake found in the Caribbean , on the Lesser Antilles .
Seicercus is a genus of Old World warbler formerly in the Sylviidae family but now placed in Phylloscopidae .
The Gulf wobbegong or banded wobbegong ( Orectolobus halei ) is a species of carpet shark in the family Orectolobidae , found in southern Australia between Southport , Queensland and Norwegian Bay , Western Australia .
The Lake Rukwa suckermouth ( Chiloglanis rukwaensis ) is a species of upside - down catfish native to Tanzania and Zambia where it is found in the Lake Rukwa drainage .
Lognkosauria is a group of giant long - necked sauropod dinosaurs within the clade Titanosauria .
Artemidiconus is a monospecific genus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Conorbidae .
Sibyllidae is a family of mantises in the order Mantodea .
Mice in the genus Dendromus are commonly referred to as African climbing mice or tree mice , although these terms are often used to describe all members of the subfamily Dendromurinae .
Chiniquodontoidea is a clade of cynodonts that is defined as including all probainognathians closer to mammals than to Probainognathus , which is the more primitive form in Probainognathia .
Chondrosteus is a genus of extinct actinopterygian fish belonging to the family Chondrosteidae .
The Franklin 's gull ( Leucophaeus pipixcan ) is a small gull .
Thomas 's nectar bat ( Lonchophylla thomasi ) is a bat species from South and Central America .
Carduoideae is the thistle subfamily of the Asteraceae , or sunflower family , of flowering plants .
The Antioquia wren ( Thryophilus sernai ) is a passerine from the wren family ( Troglodytidae ) .
Zacotus matthewsii is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Zacotus .
Discopyge is a small genus of fish , the apron rays , in the family Narcinidae .
The Antarctic starry skate ( Amblyraja georgiana ) is a species of fish in the Rajidae family .
The Arroyo of Paradise brucie ( Brucepattersonius paradisus ) is a South American rodent species of the family Cricetidae .
The New Zealand sprat , Sprattus muelleri , is a herring - like , marine fish in the family Clupeidae found in the subtropical southwest Pacific Ocean endemic to New Zealand .
The Japanese robin ( Erithacus akahige , formerly Luscinia akahige ) or komadori is a songbird .
Electromethes is an extinct genus of beetle closely resembling members of the family Omethidae .
Cedrela is a genus of several species in the mahogany family , Meliaceae .
The Macrocephalini are a tribe of ambush bugs , which are a subfamily ( Phymatinae ) of the assassin bug family ( Reduviidae ) .
Pissarrachampsinae is one of two subfamilies of Baurusuchidae , the other being Baurusuchinae .
The Brazilian skate ( Rajella sadowskii ) is a species of fish in the Rajidae family .
Calamphoreus inflatus is the only species of the flowering plant genus Calamphoreus in the family Scrophulariaceae .
The Bornean barbet ( Megalaima eximia ) is a species of bird in the Ramphastidae family .
Brevipalpus is a genus of mites in the family Tenuipalpidae , the flat mites .
Monortha is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae .
The Middle American indigo snake ( Drymarchon melanurus ) , also known as the blacktail cribo , is a large , nonvenomous , colubrid snake species found in the southwestern United States , Mexico , Central America , and northern South America .
Craticulina is a genus of true flies in the family Sarcophagidae .
Iphiclides is a genus of butterflies of the family Papilionidae .
Harpoceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the family Hildoceratidae .
Zephyra is a genus of cormous plants in the Tecophilaeaceae , first described as a genus in 1832 .
The Tupana scythebill ( Campylorhamphus procurvoides gyldenstolpei ) , is a new subspecies of Brazilian scythebill in the genus Campylorhamphus in the woodcreeper subfamily ( Dendrocolaptinae ) .
Trichuris , often referred to as whipworms ( which typically refers to T. trichiura only in medicine , and to any other species in veterinary medicine ) , is a genus of parasite worms from the roundworm family Trichuridae , which is a type of helminth .
Reynoldsiella parallela is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae , the only species in the genus Reynoldsiella .
The Hudsonian whiteface ( Leucorrhinia hudsonica ) is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae .
Emerald - striped slim or green - striped slim ( Aciagrion pinheyi ) is a damselfly described by Samways in 2001 .
Balsam woolly adelgids ( Adelges piceae ) are small wingless insects that infest and kill firs , especially balsam fir and Fraser fir .
Alauda is a genus of larks with four species found across much of Europe , Asia and in the mountains of north Africa , and one species ( the Raso lark ) endemic to the islet of Raso in the Cape Verde Islands .
The Hawaiian blackhead triplefin ( Enneapterygius atriceps ) , also known as the Hawaiian triplefin in Hawaii , is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius .
Medinella is a genus of tachinid flies in the family Tachinidae .
Illiosentidae is a family of parasitic worms from the order Echinorhynchida .
The Pacific spoon - nose eel ( Echiophis brunneus , also known commonly as the Fangjaw eel in Mexico ) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae ( worm / snake eels ) .
Larsenia is a genus of extremely small sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Vanikoridae .
Pepinia is a genus of the botanical family Bromeliaceae , subfamily Pitcairnioideae .
Leptoclanis is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family , containing one species Leptoclanis pulchra , it is known from Brachystegia woodland from Angola and Zimbabwe to Zambia , the Democratic Republic of the Congo and southern Tanzania .
The Menzbier 's marmot ( Marmota menzbieri ) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae .
The Réunion olive white - eye ( Zosterops olivaceus ) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family .
Stygoporus oregonensis is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae , the only species in the genus Stygoporus .
Cranwell 's horned frog ( Ceratophrys cranwelli ) , also called the Chacoan horned frog , is a terrestrial frog endemic to the dry Gran Chaco region of Argentina , Bolivia , Paraguay and Brazil .
The Santarem marmoset ( Mico humeralifera ) , also known as a black and white tassel - ear marmoset is a marmoset endemic to Brazil .
The Atlantic weasel shark , Paragaleus pectoralis , is a weasel shark of the family Hemigaleidae , found in the Eastern Atlantic Ocean , from the surface to a depth of 100 m. It can reach a length of 1.4 m.
Redlichia is a genus of redlichiid trilobite in the family Redlichiidae , with large to very large species ( up to 35 centimetres or 14 inches long ) .
The Phaneropterinae are a subfamily of bush crickets or katydids belonging to the family Tettigoniidae ; nearly 2060 species in 85 genera throughout the world are known .
The Sillem 's mountain finch or tawny - headed mountain finch ( Carpodacus sillemi ) is a species of rosefinch in the finch family .
Abyssochrysoidea is a superfamily of deep - water sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Caenogastropoda .
The Micronesian starling ( Aplonis opaca ) is a species of starling in the family Sturnidae .
Euoplocyon is an extinct genus of the Borophaginae and a small terrestrial canine which inhabited most of North America during the Hemingfordian stage of the Early Miocene subepoch through the Barstovian stage of the Middle Miocene subepoch living 20.6 - -13.6 Mya , existing for about 7 million years .
The Australian sprat , Sprattus novaehollandiae , is a sprat fish whose habitat ranges in the waters surrounding Australia including Tasmania .
The New Caledonian barn owl ( Tyto letocarti ) , also referred to as Letocart 's barn owl , is an extinct species of owl in the barn owl family .
Dalmanitoidea is a superfamily of trilobites in the order Phacopida , containing the three families Dalmanitidae , Diaphanometopidae and Prosopiscidae .
Imaia is a fungal genus in the family Morchellaceae found in Japan , and in the Appalachian Mountains of the USA .
Shyrodes dohertyi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Shyrodes .
The Ecuadorian cacique ( Cacicus sclateri ) is a species of bird in the family Icteridae .
Horseradish ( Armoracia rusticana , syn . Cochlearia armoracia ) is a perennial plant of the Brassicaceae family ( which also includes mustard , wasabi , broccoli , and cabbage ) .
Cassidulinacea is included in the suborder Rotaliina by Loeblich and Tappan , e.g. 1964 and 1988 , since redefined as the Rotaliida and since reassigned to the Buliminida in Sen Gupta 2002 .
The Samoa sawtooth eel , Serrivomer samoensis , is a sawtooth eel of the genus Serrivomer , found in the southwest Pacific at depths between 500 and 2,000 m. Their length is up to 75 cm .
The Xenopsyllini form a flea tribe ( or depending on classifications a subfamily called Xenopsyllinae ) in the family Pulicidae .
Polyceroidea is a taxonomic superfamily of sea slugs , specifically dorid nudibranchs , marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Doridacea .
The Caribbean reef octopus ( Octopus briareus ) is a coral reef marine animal .
The black geese of the genus Branta are waterfowl belonging to the true geese and swans subfamily Anserinae .
Philydrum is a genus of tufted , herbaceous , aquatic macrophyte plants , one of three genera constituting the plant family Philydraceae .
Anshunsaurus is a genus of thalattosaurs within the family Askeptosauridae .
Glaphyroptera insignis is a fossil species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Glaphyroptera .
Owl 's spiny rat , Carterodon sulcidens , is a rodent species from South America in the family Echimyidae .
The Nemestrinoidea are a small , monophyletic superfamily of flies , whose relationship to the remaining Brachycera is uncertain ; they are sometimes grouped with the Tabanomorpha rather than the Asilomorpha .
The Northern rock sole , Lepidopsetta polyxystra , is a flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae .
Bruchidius is a genus of beetles in the bean weevil subfamily ( Bruchinae ) of the leaf beetle family , Chrysomelidae .
Psilothrix is a genus of soft - winged flower beetles belonging to the family Melyridae , subfamily Dasytinae .
Sloggett 's vlei rat or ice rat ( Otomys sloggetti or Myotomys sloggetti ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Platyphora is a genus of broad - shouldered leaf beetles belonging to the Chrysomelidae family .
Guaranobunus guaraniticus is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae .
Chilostoma is a genus of medium - sized , air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helicidae , the true snails .
Xyloolaena is a genus within Sarcolaenaceae family .
Ipsa is a genus of small or medium - sized sea snails , cowries , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
Brace 's emerald ( Chlorostilbon bracei ) is an extinct species of hummingbird which was endemic to the main island of the Bahamas , New Providence .
The Vanuatu flying fox or white flying fox ( Pteropus anetianus ) is a species of flying fox in the family Pteropodidae .
Tito Nordio was a sailor from Italy , who represented his country at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
Velimir Valenta ( April 21 , 1929 -- November 27 , 2004 ) was a Yugoslav / Croatian rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Ludovic Valborge ( born 1889 , date of death unknown ) was an Olympic sport shooter who was part of the team won Haiti 's first ever Olympic medal , a bronze in team free rifle at the 1924 Summer Olympics .
Erik Hochstein ( born October 1 , 1968 in Düsseldorf , North - Rhine Westphalia ) is a former swimmer from Germany , who won the bronze medal in the 4×200 m freestyle relay at the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Birgit Heeb - Batliner ( born 14 October 1972 ) is a Liechtenstein former alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics , 1994 Winter Olympics , 1998 Winter Olympics , and 2002 Winter Olympics .
LaTanya Sheffield ( born October 11 , 1963 in El Cajon , California ) is a retired hurdler from the United States , who finished in eight place in the women 's 400 metres hurdles final at the 1988 Summer Olympics ( Seoul , South Korea ) .
Gábor Balogh ( born August 5 , 1976 in Budapest , Hungary ) is a former Hungarian modern pentathlete who won silver medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney , Australia .
Damir Dugonjič ( born 21 February 1988 ) is a Slovenian swimmer who competed for his native country at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Mariette Rix ( born 8 April 1981 ) is a South African field hockey player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Olympics .
Yumiko Ishiguro ( born 31 October 1983 ) is a Japanese synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Shawn Dulohery ( born May 4 , 1965 in Kansas City , Missouri ) is an American sport shooter who represented the United States at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Uschi Keszler qualified to represent the Unified Team of Germany at the 1964 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck and finished 24th .
Aleksei Barkalov ( Ukrainian : Олексій Степанович Баркалов , Russian : Алексей Степанович Баркалов ; 18 February 1946 -- 9 September 2004 ) was a Ukrainian water polo player who competed in the 1968 , 1972 , 1976 and 1980 Summer Olympics and won two gold and one silver medals for the Soviet Union team .
Uwe Steingross ( born 19 April 1951 ) is a German sailor who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics and 1980 Summer Olympics .
Vasyl Kovalchuk ( born April 18 , 1973 ) is a Ukrainian sports - shooter who won a gold medal in Shooting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in the Mixed 10 metre air rifle prone SH2 .
Anthony Douglas ( born 22 November 1985 ) is a former British short track speed skater who competed at the 2010 Winter Olympics .
Ronald Serugo ( born 5 September 1984 ) is an Ugandan amateur boxer who qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics in the junior flyweight division .
Giulio Cacciandra ( July 15 , 1884 -- January 28 , 1970 ) was an Italian horse rider who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics .
Chan Yun To ( Chinese : 陳潤韜 ; Jyutping : can4 jeon6 tou1 ; born 21 February 1966 ) is a bodybuilder from Hong Kong who won a gold medal at the 2006 Asian Games in the men 's -75 kg class .
Ulrike Tauber ( born 16 June 1958 ) is a retired medley and butterfly swimmer from East Germany , who won the gold medal in the women 's 400 m individual medley at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal , Canada .
Karl Schwegler ( born September 17 , 1902 , date of death missing ) was a Swiss rower who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics .
Christl Haas ( 19 September 1943 -- 8 July 2001 ) was an Austrian alpine skiing champion at the 1964 Winter Olympics .
Mirko Sandić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мирко Сандић ; May 9 , 1942 in Belgrade -- December 24 , 2006 ) was a Serbian water polo player who led the Yugoslav team to gold at the 1968 Summer Olympics and silver at the 1964 Summer Olympics .
Sándor Cséfai ( July 13 , 1904 in Budapest -- September 2 , 1984 in Budapest ) was a Hungarian field handball player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Valdemaras Venckaitis ( born September 4 , 1983 in Vilnius ) is a Greco - Roman wrestler from Lithuania , who competed for the men 's 74 kg ( middleweight division ) at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing .
In the Women 's 400 m individual medley at the 2010 Asian Games , Ye Shiwen , aged 14 , swam 4:33.79 .
Mehrullah Lassi ( born November 24 , 1979 , Karachi , Sindh ) is a former Pakistani amateur boxer best known to win a gold medal at the 2002 Asian Games .
Sirop Arslanian ( born 27 November 1966 ) is a former Lebanese racing cyclist who competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in the individual road race .
Hamdy Awad El Safi ( Arabic : حمدي عوض الصافي‎ ) ( born April 14 , 1972 ) is an Egyptian indoor volleyball player , who played with the Egypt national team at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Eva - Maria ten Elsen ( born 14 September 1937 ) is a German former swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 200 m breaststroke event at the 1956 Summer Olympics .
Hans Matthiae ( born December 22 , 1884 - died ? ) was a Germany rower who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Dalia Henry ( born 14 June 1965 ) is a Cuban former basketball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics , in the 1996 Summer Olympics , and in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Ulderico Sergo ( Rijeka , 4 July 1913 -- Cleveland , 20 February 1967 ) was a bantamweight professional boxer from Italy , who won the gold medal at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin .
Edsel Martis ( born December 22 , 1961 ) is a Dutch baseball player who represented the Netherlands at the 1996 Summer Olympics .
Kiyomi Takahashi ( born 3 March 1966 ) is a Japanese former swimmer who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Kate Hooper ( born 26 February 1978 in Auckland , New Zealand ) is an Australian water polo player from the gold medal squad of the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Ragnar Olsen ( 13 March 1914 -- 9 July 1990 ) was a Norwegian racewalker who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Željko Nimš ( born 22 April 1950 ) is a Croatian handball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics for Yugoslavia .
Gian Bazzi ( 1 April 1931 -- 12 January 2016 ) was a Swiss professional ice hockey player who competed for the Swiss national team at the 1952 Winter Olympics .
Nancy Merki ( June 1 , 1926 -- October 7 , 2014 ) , also known by her married names Lees , Cory and Boland , was an American competition swimmer who represented the United States at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London .
Franz Pitschmann ( born 16 December 1954 in Hall in Tirol ) is an Austrian former wrestler who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics , in the 1980 Summer Olympics , in the 1984 Summer Olympics , and in the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Parviz Hadi elected Pahlevan of Iran in 2014 . Asian Games -- 2010 Asian Championships -- 2012 , 2013 World Cup -- 2014 , 2015 Universiade -- 2013
Neo Chwee Kok , John Paul ( Chinese : 梁水国 ; pinyin : Liáng Shuǐguó ; 31 May 1931 -- 23 January 1987 ) was a Singaporean swimmer who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
István Csák , also known as Hircsák ( February 18 , 1915 -- December 31 , 1976 ) was a Hungarian ice hockey and field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Winter Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Jean Grüner ( born October 10 , 1916 ) is a Swiss field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics , in the 1948 Summer Olympics , and in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Juan Enrique Escalas ( born 25 March 1964 in Palma de Mallorca ) is a Spanish former swimmer who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Carlos Alberto Martins Cavalheiro ( 25 January 1932 -- 29 June 2012 ) is a Brazilian former footballer who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1960 Summer Olympics .
Sharon Day - Monroe placed 24th in the high jump clearing a height of 1.85 meters at Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Jerson Ravelo ( born July 30 , 1977 , in San Cristobal ) is a boxer from the Dominican Republic , who represented his native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney in the Men 's 75 kg Division .
Amadeo Ortega ( date of birth unknown , died 17 October 1983 ) was a Paraguayan football forward who played for Paraguay in the 1930 FIFA World Cup .
In the 1970 FIFA World Cup , improvised as a forward , Tostão scored two of his 32 goals for Brazil , as the national team won its third trophy , whilst finding the net on 19 occasions .
Mark Precious ( born 29 August 1956 ) is a former field hockey player , who won the bronze medal with the British team at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles .
Luis Pierri ( born 10 March 1963 ) is an Uruguayan former basketball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Kenichi Konishi ( Japanese : 小西 健一 , born March 20 , 1909 ) was a Japanese field hockey player who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics .
Henri Weewauters ( born 8 November 1875 -- died ? ) was a Belgian sailor who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics and in the 1920 Summer Olympics .
Klaus Gruner ( born August 22 , 1952 in Frankenhausen , Crimmitschau ) is a former East German handball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Michael Hilgers ( born August 6 , 1966 ) is a former field hockey forward from Germany , who won the silver medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics .
SpeciAlisa is the sixth studio album by Japanese recording artist Alisa Mizuki , released through Avex Tune on May 25 , 2011 .
The Staple Swingers is a 1971 soul album by The Staple Singers .
`` Oh Carolina '' is a 1958 song by John Folkes recorded by the Folkes Brothers in 1960 and by Shaggy in 1993 .
Crack My Nut is the third studio album by Dutch rock and roll band Claw Boys Claw .
Casa Babylon is the fifth record album by Mano Negra , released in May 1994 .
`` Je lui dirai '' ( meaning `` I Will Tell Him '' ) is the third promotional single from Celine Dion 's album Miracle .
Cold in California is the third studio album released by the pop - rock band Ingram Hill August 21 , 2007 .
Extension of the Wish is the debut album by Andromeda .
`` Links 2 - 3 - 4 '' ( German for Left 2 - 3 - 4 ) is a song by the Neue Deutsche Härte band Rammstein , released on their third studio album , Mutter ( Mother ) .
`` Ca n't Be Sure '' was the 1989 debut single by the British indie pop group The Sundays .
Lincoln Burrows , played by Dominic Purcell , is a fictional character and one of the two protagonists of the American television series Prison Break .
`` Invisible Sun '' is a hit single by rock group The Police , released in September 1981 .
Future Perfect is the debut full - length album by Autolux , released November 21 , 2004 on T - Bone Burnett 's label , DMZ , via Columbia .
`` Innervision '' is a song by Armenian American rock band System of a Down .
Bamboo Collage is Hitomi Takahashi 's second album released under gr8 ! records , a division of Sony Records .
Turf Buccaneers is a 2001 album by Mac Dre and his group , Cutthroat Committee , composing of Dre , PSD , & dubee
Bipolar and Proud is a 2004 album released by country music parodist Cledus T. Judd .
`` I Believe ( When I Fall in Love It Will Be Forever ) '' is a soul song co - written and performed by American singer - songwriter Stevie Wonder and Yvonne Wright , for Wonder 's fifteenth studio album Talking Book ( 1972 ) .
The Dream Calls for Blood is the seventh studio album from American thrash metal band Death Angel .
`` Father to a Sister of Thought '' is a song written by Stephen Malkmus of Pavement that appears on the band 's third album , Wowee Zowee ( 1995 ) .
`` I Do n't Need It '' is a song performed by R&B singer Jamie Foxx from his third studio album , Intuition .
`` You 're Gon na Get Yours '' ( sometimes subtitled `` My 98 Oldsmobile '' ) is a 1987 single by hip hop group Public Enemy from their debut album Yo !
Starlite Walker is the first full - length studio album by indie - rock group Silver Jews .
Get Evens is the second album by indie / punk duo The Evens .
Monstereo Delicio is a rock album by Girl Monstar , released in 1992 .
No Place for Disgrace is the second album by American thrash metal band Flotsam and Jetsam , released in 1988 .
`` Step in the Name of Love ( Remix ) '' is the title of a hit song by R&B singer R. Kelly .
Koi Aanay Wala Hai ( Urdu : کوئی آنے والا ہے , literal English translation : `` someone is coming '' ) is the fifth studio album by the Pakistani pop band Strings , released on 16 May 2008 .
`` Glitter in Their Eyes '' is a rock song written by Patti Smith and Oliver Ray , and released as a promo single from Patti Smith 2000 album Gung Ho .
Eternal Echoes is the name of John Barry 's final solo album .
`` La Fel De Prost Ca Tine '' ( Just As Dumb As You ) is the third single by B.U.G. Mafia from their ninth studio album , Înapoi În Viitor ( Back To The Future ) .
`` The Jackass Song '' is the fifth and final single released by Black Eyed Peas frontman will.i.am from the political compilation album Change Is Now :
The World 's Not Big Enough is the only solo album by John Du Cann , who was best known as guitarist and vocalist with Atomic Rooster and Hard Stuff in the 1970s .
Salma ya salama is a studio album released by Dalida in March 1977 in France , Belgium , Switzerland , Germany , Egypt and other countries .
Venus No . 17 is an extended play by Squarepusher .
`` I Wish I Was James Bond '' was the fifth single from Scouting for Girls ' debut album , Scouting for Girls .
`` Last Cup of Sorrow '' is the third track from Faith No More 's sixth studio album Album of the Year .
`` Fire Lake '' is a song written and recorded by American musical artist Bob Seger .
`` Love Yourself '' is a song recorded by Canadian singer Justin Bieber for his fourth studio album Purpose ( 2015 ) .
`` Since You 've Gone '' is the final promo single from Belinda Carlisle 's Belinda album , released in 1986 ( See 1986 in music ) .
`` The Lover in You '' was the second and final single released from Big Daddy Kane 's fourth studio album , Prince of Darkness .
`` I 'm Into You '' is a song recorded by American entertainer Jennifer Lopez for her seventh studio album Love ? ( 2011 ) .
`` Written on Her '' is the second single from rapper Birdman 's fourth studio album , Priceless .
`` Walkampf '' ( Whale struggle ) is a song by Die Toten Hosen .
Another Day Has Passed is the debut studio album by American hard rock -- heavy metal band Goes Cube .
`` Young Savage '' is the second single by Ultravox!.
Watch It , Sucker ! is the second and most acclaimed album released by American comic and actress LaWanda Page , who released the album in 1972 under the name LaWanda .
Cardio - Vascular is an EP by British dance - punk band Youves .
Lust Lust Lust is the third album by The Raveonettes , released on November 12 , 2007 in the UK , and February 19 , 2008 in the US , with bonus tracks included .
Idiots on the Miniature Golf Course is an album by experimental rock composer Zoogz Rift , released in 1979 through Snout Records .
That Is Why You 're Overweight is an album by American jazz saxophonist Eddie Harris recorded in 1976 and released on the Atlantic label .
`` Stayin ' Alive '' is a disco song by the Bee Gees from the Saturday Night Fever motion picture soundtrack .
Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah is the Bikini Kill side of a split album between American and English riot grrrl bands Bikini Kill and Huggy Bear .
`` Burn Rubber on Me ( Why You Wanna Hurt Me ) '' is a song originally performed by The Gap Band in 1980 and written by member Charlie Wilson and producer Lonnie Simmons .
Jewel of the Nile is the third album by rap duo , Nice & Smooth .
`` We 're Going Wrong '' is a song by British supergroup Cream from the album Disraeli Gears .
What the Toll Tells is the second album recorded by Two Gallants released in February 2006 ( see 2006 in music ) .
New Conversations is an album by American jazz pianist Bill Evans , released in 1978 .
Şans is second studio album by the Turkish R&B singer , Murat Boz .
`` Opus 17 ( Do n't You Worry 'bout Me ) '' is a song composed by Sandy Linzer and Denny Randell and recorded by The Four Seasons in 1966 for their album Working My Way Back to You .
Sobre(tudo ) was a 2001 album by Sam the Kid .
A - Town Blues is the fourth studio album by American country musician Wayne Hancock , released in 2001 .
Rainbow Visions is the fifth album by R&B group Side Effect .
`` Bitter Sweet Symphony '' is a song by English alternative rock band The Verve , and is the lead track on their third studio album , Urban Hymns ( 1997 ) .
Crashin ' A Party was the second single by American R&B singer and rapper Lumidee , from her debut album Almost Famous ( 2003 ) .
Saudades de Rock ( which roughly translates from Portuguese as `` Nostalgic Yearnings of Rock '' ) is Extreme 's fifth studio album , released on August 12 , 2008 .
`` Cheapskate ( You Ai n't Gettin ' Nada ) '' is the first single released from the Sporty Thievz debut album , Street Cinema .
The Wack Album is the third studio album by American comedy hip hop group The Lonely Island .
Upon the Bridge is the sixth album by American reggae band Groundation .
Young and Free is the third studio album by British all - female heavy metal band Rock Goddess .
Dinah , Yes Indeed ! is a 1958 studio album by Dinah Shore , arranged by Nelson Riddle .
`` For the Love of Money '' is a soul / funk song written by Kenneth Gamble , Leon Huff , and Anthony Jackson ; and recorded by Philadelphia soul group The O'Jays for the album Ship Ahoy .
`` We 're Not the Same '' is a song written and produced exclusively for the launch and promotion of Tommy Hilfiger 's fragance LOUD by The Ting Tings .
`` Friedenspanzer '' ( in German : Peace tank ) is a punk song by Die Ärzte .
First Breath is the first album released by the band Mercenary .
Como Ama una Mujer ( English : How a Woman Loves ) is the fifth studio album by American entertainer Jennifer Lopez .
So Long , Scarecrow is the second album by the rock band Scarling .
The Rules of Dada is the second studio album by the Swedish electronic music duo Dada Life ( Olle Corneér and Stefan Engblom ) .
Jhazmyne 's Lullaby is the sole studio album from Milwaukee metalcore band 7 Angels 7 Plagues .
Hand Cut is the third studio album by pop group Bucks Fizz .
Por Qué Será ( Why Would That Be ? ) is an album released by Venezuelan performer Rudy La Scala in 1991 .
Night Child is an album by Canadian pianist Oscar Peterson , accompanied by Joe Pass , Niels - Henning Ørsted Pedersen and Louie Bellson .
I Com is an album by Miss Kittin released in 2004 on label NovaMute .
Dwell in the House is the ninth ( and last ) Christian worship music album recorded by Ron Kenoly .
Company of Justice was Play Dead 's final studio album .
Dauði Baldrs ( English : `` Baldr 's Death '' or `` The Death of Baldr '' ) is the fifth album by the Norwegian band Burzum .
Insanity and Genius is the third studio album by Gamma Ray and final album with Ralf Scheepers on vocals .
The Universal Cure is reggae artist Jah Cure 's second studio album .
`` Where Is My Man '' is a song from 1983 by the American singer and actress Eartha Kitt , which appeared on her 1984 album I Love Men .
`` Lie About Us '' is a song recorded by American recording artist Avant from his fourth studio album Director ( 2006 ) .
The Healing Game is the twenty - sixth studio album by Northern Irish singer - songwriter Van Morrison , released in 1997 ( see 1997 in music ) .
`` Et uus saaks alguse '' ( `` So there can be a new beginning '' ) is a song recorded by Estonian singer Birgit Õigemeel .
Acid Country is the third solo album by British artist Paul Heaton , following his debut album ( under the guise of Biscuit Boy aka Crackerman ) Fat Chance and second solo album as himself , The Cross Eyed Rambler .
`` Four Walls / Paradise Circus '' is a collaboration between Massive Attack and Burial , which was first released as a limited vinyl edition on 17 October 2011 , with pre - orders from 10 October 2011 .
A Snow Capped Romance is the second album of Alaskan metalcore band 36 Crazyfists .
The Dance of Death & Other Plantation Favorites ( originally issued as Vol . 3 : The Dance of Death & Other Plantation Favorites ) is the third album by American fingerstyle guitarist and composer John Fahey , released in 1965 .
`` Do n't You Miss Me '' is a single by Bosnian band Sikter from the album My Music , written and produced by Enes Zlatar and Dragan Rokvić .
Chasing After Ghosts was the first full length studio album released by Sheffield based indie pop group The Crookes .
To Find Me Gone is the second studio album by Andy Cabic 's San Francisco based band Vetiver .
Cloaked by Ages , Crowned in Earth is the third and last album by the American doom metal band Morgion .
Vagabonds and Hooligans is the fifth album by Backyard Tire Fire , released on February 6 , 2007 .
Brother Jug ! ' is an album by saxophonist Gene Ammons recorded in 1969 and released on the Prestige label .
The Ride Majestic is the tenth studio album by Swedish melodic death metal band , Soilwork .
`` Maybe It Was Memphis '' is a song written by Michael Anderson , and recorded by American country music artist Pam Tillis on two separate occasions .
The Modern Tribe is the second studio album from Baltimore 's Celebration .
`` Have You Ever Needed Someone So Bad '' is a 1992 single by British hard rock band Def Leppard from their multi - platinum album Adrenalize .
Everything Is Borrowed is the fourth album from The Streets .
Ayami Beek ( Arabic : ايامي بيك‎ ) is Elissa 's sixth studio album and the follow - up to 2006 's Bastanak .
This Dollar Saved My Life at Whitehorse is the first studio album by Swedish / German band Lucyfire .
`` An Sommertagen '' was released with `` Um bei dir zu sein '' from Christina Stürmer 's fourth album , Lebe Lauter .
`` Champione '' is the 14th single from the Japanese band Orange Range .
Underwater Moonlight is the second studio album by English rock band The Soft Boys , released on 28 June 1980 by record label Armageddon .
`` Never Trust a Stranger '' is the third single from Close , the sixth original album by Kim Wilde .
`` It 's Going to Happen ! '' is a punk rock song originally written and recorded by Northern Irish band The Undertones .
The Texas - Jerusalem Crossroads is a double - disc , concept album from Lift to Experience , an indie rock trio from Denton , Texas .
Second Home is Marié Digby 's second album and first Japanese studio album , released on March 4 , 2009 .
`` Keep Givin ' Me Your Love '' is a 1994 song by the musician CeCe Peniston , originally from her studio album Thought ' Ya Knew .
`` Why Baby Why '' is the title of a country music song co - written and originally recorded by George Jones .
Mixtape Messiah 7 is a mixtape by southern rapper Chamillionaire .
`` Gym and Tonic '' is a single released by British production duo Spacedust .
Take It Back , Take It On , Take It Over ! is the 2005 release by the punk rock band 7 Seconds .
`` Do n't Turn Out the Lights '' is a song by American recording artists New Kids on the Block and Backstreet Boys from their collaboration compilation album , NKOTBSB .
`` You 're a God '' is a song by American rock band Vertical Horizon from the 1999 album Everything You Want .
In Mysterious Ways is a 1985 album by John Foxx , the follow - up to his album The Golden Section , released two years previously .
Step Off is a 2002 album by rock band ESG .
`` Crazy on You '' is the debut American single from the rock band Heart .
`` Sweet Home Alabama '' is a song by Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd that first appeared in 1974 on their second album , Second Helping .
Wasps ' Nests is the 1995 debut album by The 6ths .
Eight Ways is the fifth studio album by Madder Mortem , released on June 16 , 2009 .
Lever mina drömmar was released on April 20 , 2005 and is an album by the Swedish pop singer Shirley Clamp .
Country Croonin ' is an RIAA Gold - certified album by Canadian country music artist Anne Murray .
`` All Day and All of the Night '' is a song by the British band The Kinks from 1964 .
Freestyle Candela is Artist Leif Totusek 's debut album .
Jar of Kingdom is the debut album by Australian progressive metal band , Alchemist .
Sounds of Silence is the second studio album by Simon & Garfunkel , released on January 17 , 1966 .
`` Look Me in the Heart '' is a song by recording artist Tina Turner .
`` Animale '' is a song performed by electronic music DJ and producer Don Diablo featuring Canadian electropop group Dragonette .
Hombre Invisible is the 5th studio album recorded by Mexican singer - songwriter Ely Guerra , released by her own label Homey Company .
Collateral Defect is the sixth studio album by the Melodic death metal band Graveworm , released in 2007 .
Star Trails is a 2004 album by Canadian band Spirit of the West .
Pretty Ugly is the fourth studio album by the punk rock band Lunachicks .
A Pauper in Paradise is the fifth studio album by Italian - Canadian singer Gino Vannelli .
`` I Owe You Nothing '' is a song by British boy band Bros. Written by Nicky Graham and Tom Watkins and produced by Watkins , `` I Owe You Nothing '' was Bros 's sole UK number one single , spending two weeks at the top in June 1988 .
An Overdose of Death ... is the third full - length album released by American thrash metal band Toxic Holocaust on September 2 , 2008 .
Monumension is the sixth studio album by Norwegian metal band Enslaved .
Always Let Me Go is a live album by American pianist Keith Jarrett 's `` Standards Trio '' featuring Gary Peacock and Jack DeJohnette recorded in concert in April 2001 at the Bunkamura Orchard Hall and Tokyo Bunka Kaikan , in Japan and released on the ECM label in 2002 .
`` Fool No More '' is a song by British pop group S Club 8 released as the first single from their second album Sundown .
Broken Boy Soldiers is the debut album by American rock band The Raconteurs , released on May 15 , 2006 in the United Kingdom and May 16 , 2006 in the United States .
We Shine is Fee 's first major label studio album , released on September 25 , 2007 through INO Records .
`` The Least You Can Do '' is a 2003 single release by English singer Phil Collins from his seventh solo album Testify , released in 2002 .
`` Long Haired Country Boy '' , is a song written and performed by the Charlie Daniels Band and released on their 1974 album Fire on the Mountain .
Kenneth allein zu Haus ( German : Kenneth Home Alone ) is the debut album by German hip hop artist Kay One .
Mondialement vôtre is a multi - language album released by Dalida in 1982 .
`` She Moves in Her Own Way '' is a song by British band The Kooks and is featured on their debut album , Inside In / Inside Out .
Virtuoso No . 4 is an album by American jazz guitarist Joe Pass , recorded in 1973 and released in 1983 ( see 1983 in music ) .
Reggae Hit L.A. is the third full - length studio album from Los Angeles reggae band The Aggrolites .
Beyond the Thunder is the second solo album by American guitarist Neal Schon released in 1995 .
All tracks composed by James Chance ; except where indicated `` Disco Jaded '' `` Irresistible Impulse '' `` Money to Burn '' `` Sax Machine '' `` Sax Maniac '' `` That Old Black Magic '' ( Harold Arlen , Johnny Mercer ) `` The Twitch ''
The Future Is Medieval is the fourth studio album released by English rock band Kaiser Chiefs .
Shine Through the Stars is the first full - length studio album from the Christian rock band Chasen , released on April 15 , 2008 .
Smile×Smile ( released on July 24 , 2003 ) is J - pop artist Mayumi Iizuka 's seventh album and was produced by Tore Johansson , who is a Swedish musician .
Dis / Location is the sixth studio album by American post - grunge band Seven Mary Three .
Wa - Tu - Wa - Zui ( Beautiful People ) is an album by organist Charles Kynard which was recorded in 1970 and released on the Prestige label .
House of Nightmares is a collaboration album by Joseph Vargo of Nox Arcana and Jeff Hartz of Buzz - Works .
Opasan ples ( trans . Dangerous Dance ) is the fifth studio album from a Serbian rock band Van Gogh .
`` Wasting All These Tears '' is a song by American singer - songwriter Cassadee Pope , written by Caitlyn Smith and Rollie Gaalswyk .
Black Roulette is the second and final studio album by rapper DMG .
`` My First Night with You '' is a ballad by American recording artist Mýa .
Rusholme Rock is the second album by former Stone Roses guitarist Aziz Ibrahim on Indus Records .
Crowded in the Ear ( Hebrew : צפוף באוזן , Tzafuf BaOzen ) is the third and final studio album by Israeli rock band , Kaveret , released in 1975 .
`` Feels Like I 'm in Love '' was a number - one hit in the UK Singles Chart for two weeks in September 1980 for Kelly Marie .
La Población is a music album recorded by Víctor Jara and released in 1972 and reissued in 2001 .
Polnareff 's is an album by Michel Polnareff released in 1971 on AZ Disques .
You Are the Quarry is the seventh studio album by English alternative rock singer Morrissey .
Face of Fact ( Resolution Ver . ) is the opening theme performed by Kotoko while Undelete is the ending theme which was performed by Mami Kawada .
`` Last Beautiful Girl '' is the fifth and final single from Matchbox Twenty 's second album , Mad Season ( 2000 ) .
Whoracle is the third album by Swedish melodic death metal band In Flames .
Fully Completely is the third full - length album by Canadian rock band The Tragically Hip .
Ferrari Boyz is a collaborative studio album by American rappers Gucci Mane and Waka Flocka Flame .
Hold On Me is a song by British pop artist Marlon Roudette , from his debut solo album Matter Fixed .
Robo Ghost is the second studio album by Scottish rock and electronic music band Keser .
I Miss My Friend is the second album of country music singer Darryl Worley , it was released on July 16 , 2002 .
Digital Shades Vol . 1 is the fourth studio album by French electronic group M83 .
Mexican Moon is the fifth full - length album from alternative rock band Concrete Blonde .
Immigrés is a 1984 album by Senegalese singer and percussionist Youssou N'Dour .
' Daydreams in Cold Weather ' ( 2002 ) is an album by DJ John Tejada .
`` Go That Deep '' is a song by NUfrequency featuring Shara Nelson released as a single in 2008 on NRK Sound Division in the UK , Spinnin ' Records in the Netherlands and on Rebirth in Italy .
Whistle on the Wind is the first solo album by flute and tin whistle player Joanie Madden .
`` Let 's Forget About It '' is a song by Lisa Loeb from her 1997 album Firecracker .
Hello , I 'm Dolly was Dolly Parton 's 1967 debut album .
Vile Vicious Vision is the fourth studio album by Polish thrash metal band Acid Drinkers .
Swain 's First Bike Ride is the debut studio album by the Berkeley , California - based punk rock band Fifteen .
`` Spaccacuore '' is a song written by Italian singer - songwriters Samuele Bersani and Lucio Dalla , together with Giuseppe D'Onghia .
Supply and Depend is the first full - length release by Warship , the band founded by Fran Mark and Rob Lauritsen , formerly of the now defunct From Autumn to Ashes .
`` Seishun Hanamichi '' ( 青春花道 ; English : `` Youth runway '' ) is the thirty - eighth single by the Japanese pop rock band Porno Graffitti .
Agehachō ( アゲハ蝶 ) ( English : Swallowtail Butterfly ) is the sixth single released by the Japanese pop - rock band Porno Graffitti .
The Thumper is the debut album by saxophonist Jimmy Heath featuring performances recorded in 1959 originally released on the Riverside label .
`` You Are More '' is a song by the Christian band Tenth Avenue North , released as the second single from their 2010 album The Light Meets the Dark .
`` Rowdy Rowdy '' is the second single released by rapper 50 Cent , following the release of `` How to Rob '' .
Inoxydable is the first studio album by French Canadian singer Marie - Mai , released on 28 September 2004 .
`` Two You Four You '' is Tackey & Tsubasa 's 2nd album to be released under avex trax .
Amor Chiquito is the fourth album released by Mexican rock band Fobia on December 22 , 1995 .
Under the Sound Umbrella is the second album from The Dude of Life , a childhood friend of Phish leader Trey Anastasio and a lyrical contributor to many of Phish 's early songs .
Lovely Standards is the fourth studio album by American R&B - soul singer - songwriter Amel Larrieux , released in the United States on May 22 , 2007 by Blisslife Records .
`` How Come '' is a song by the American rap group D12 .
Where the Future Ends is the first studio album of Echocast ( third studio album altogether including when they were Redline ) .
Buddies of Swing is an album by fiddle and mandolin player Peter Ostroushko , released in 1987 .
His Last Walk is the debut full - length album by American post - hardcore band Blessthefall , released April 10 , 2007 .
Palirroia is an album released by popular Greek singer , Irini Merkouri .
Paint and Paint is the second album by the British band Haircut One Hundred , released in 1984 .
`` Typical Situation '' is the a song by American rock group Dave Matthews Band .
The Truth Is That You Are Alive is the third full length album by An Angle .
`` Glad All Over '' is a song written by Dave Clark and Mike Smith and recorded by The Dave Clark Five .
Dub 56 is the fifth album released by the ska group The Toasters .
Freedom What Freedom is Skrewdriver 's eight full length studio album .
Groove Patrol was the eighth and final album by High Inergy .
Sonny Meets Hawk ! is a 1963 album by jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins , with Coleman Hawkins appearing as guest artist .
`` Under the Westway '' is a single by English band Blur , released in July 2012 .
`` From tha Chuuuch to da Palace '' is a single that appeared on Snoop Dogg 's sixth album Paid tha Cost to Be da Bo$$.
Evolution 4.0 is Finnish power metal band Thunderstone 's fourth album .
Fucked Up Friends is the first studio album by American electronic musician Tobacco .
Hitori no Yoru ( ヒトリノ夜 ) ( English : Lonely night ) is the second single by the Japanese pop - rock band Porno Graffitti .
Dextronaut is the first album by the black metal band Velvet Cacoon , released in 2002 via Peer - to - Peer platforms .
Young Giant is the debut full - length album from Queens Club .
A Certain Trigger is the first album by the Newcastle - based independent alternative rock band Maxïmo Park .
Timeless Journey is the fifteenth solo studio release by Patti LaBelle and her first release off Def Soul Classics notable for the hit songs `` New Day '' and `` 2 Steps Away '' .
Tales for Bad Girls is the second album by the Spanish band Forever Slave , released on April 4 , 2008 .
`` Skin ( Sarabeth ) '' ( listed on the album , Feels Like Today , as just `` Skin '' ) is a song written by Doug Johnson and Joe Henry , and performed by American country music group Rascal Flatts .
Love . Live . Life is the third studio album to be released by British hip hop group N - Dubz , released on 29 November 2010 , as a collaboration by All Around the World and Island Records .
Sackcloth ' n ' Ashes is the first full - length studio album by the band 16 Horsepower .
Golonka , flaki i inne przysmaki ( Polish : Knuckle , tripe and other delicacies ) is a studio album by punk rock band Big Cyc , released in 1995 .
`` Histoires de Luv '' is fourth single by French - Canadian rapper K.Maro , and the first single from his third studio album Million Dollar Boy .
Only with Laughter Can You Win is the second album by American singer - songwriter Rosie Thomas , released on September 23 , 2003 by Sub Pop . The album 's title is taken from the lyric of Joni Mitchell 's `` Roses Blue '' .
Get Wise to Yourself is the third studio album released by blues guitarist Guitar Shorty ( David Kearney ) .
`` Alan 's Psychedelic Breakfast '' is the fifth and final track from the 1970 Pink Floyd album Atom Heart Mother written primarily by Nick Mason but credited to the whole group .
`` Fester Kun Med Mig Selv '' is a single by Danish singer Jon Nørgaard , from his third studio album Uden dig . It was released in Denmark as a digital download on 27 June 2011 .
Tame the Volcano is the 1988 final album by the Christian group Crumbächer .
On Your Mark , Get Set ... is the debut album by Gobotron , the solo side project of Manchester Orchestra lead guitarist and backing vocalist Robert `` Robot '' McDowell , released on January 19 , 2010 , through Favorite Gentlemen Recordings .
`` Baby It 's Over '' is a song by the Greek Pop singer Elena Paparizou .
L'insulto delle parole is the fourth album released by the Italian singer Susanna Parigi .
Lightning Flash is the 12th album by British pop group Brotherhood of Man .
Hello Starling is the third album by Josh Ritter , released on September 9 , 2003 .
`` Mister Pleasant '' ( usually spelled as Mr. Pleasant ) is a song recorded by British rock group The Kinks in 1967 , written by Ray Davies .
`` Little T&A '' is the fourth song on rock and roll band The Rolling Stones ' 1981 album Tattoo You .
`` Clampdown '' is a single and a song by The Clash from their album London Calling .
Miss Modular is a 1997 EP by the post - rock band Stereolab , which served as the lead single from their fifth full - length studio album Dots and Loops .
The Lonesome Picker Rides Again is the fourth album by folk musician John Stewart , former member of the Kingston Trio , released in 1971 .
`` More Stars '' a.k.a . `` Stars on 45 Vol . 2 '' was a song issued in 1981 by the Dutch studio group Stars on 45 , in the UK credited to ' Starsound ' .
`` A Pair of Brown Eyes '' is a single by The Pogues , released on 18 March 1985 .
`` Forget to Remember '' is the third single and eighth track from Mudvayne 's third album Lost and Found .
Tear Yo Club Down is the 1999 album by Memphis underground rapper , Gangsta Pat , in response to Three 6 Mafia comments in The Source magazine a year earlier , calling Pat `` a fake ass rapper with no skills . ''
Do n't Break the Oath is the second studio album by the Danish heavy metal band Mercyful Fate , released in 1984 .
Dinner for One , World for Two ( Chinese : 一人晚餐 , 二人世界 ; pinyin : Yi Ren Wancan , Er Ren Shijie ) is the debut album by Linda Chung , and was released on 20 August 2008 .
`` Freaky Like Me '' is an English language song by the Norwegian urban duo Madcon featuring vocals from Belgian - Tunisian singer Ameerah .
Turn Loose the Swans is the second album by the British doom metal band My Dying Bride , released in 1993 and remastered in 2013 .
Listening Booth : 1970 is the fifth studio album by American singer - songwriter Marc Cohn , released in 2010 .
Three Pieces for Blues Band and Symphony Orchestra was recorded in 1972 by the San Francisco Symphony and the Siegel-- Schwall Band , conducted by Seiji Ozawa .
`` Soliluna '' , is a Duet Studio album by the Latin Jazz Mexican Singers Magos Herrera and Iraida Noriega .
`` That 's What Love Can Do '' is a hit song by American female pop group Boy Krazy .
Three Cheers for Disappointment is the final studio album released by The Arrogant Sons of Bitches .
Legend of the Bone Carver is the second studio album by the Danish / American progressive power metal band Pyramaze , released by Nightmare Records on February 20 , 2006 .
This Brings Us to Volume 1 is an album by Henry Threadgill featuring six of Threadgill 's compositions performed by Threadgill 's Zooid .
Screamin ' the Blues is an album by American saxophonist Oliver Nelson , originally released in 1961 on New Jazz Records .
The Frail Tide is the first studio album by Australian melodic death metal band , Be'lakor , released on April 21 , 2007 .
Hafana ( pronounced Hav - ana ) is the third studio album by Welsh language artist Elin Fflur released in the United Kingdom on July 7 , 2008 .
How Glory Goes is the second album from Audra McDonald , released in 2000 .
Pure Poverty is the second album from Hip Hop group Poor Righteous Teachers .
Pavana Triste is a 1997 album by the classical guitarist Leon Koudelak .
Conquer Your House is a 1991 single by Excessive Force , a side project of KMFDM and My Life With the Thrill Kill Kult .
Naked II is a live acoustic album by Dutch hard rock band Golden Earring , released in 1997 ( see 1997 in music ) .
I Need Some Money is an album by American jazz saxophonist Eddie Harris recorded in 1974 and released on the Atlantic label .
Stronger Than Heaven was the third album by the German heavy metal band Stormwitch , released in 1986 .
Still Stuck in Your Throat is a 2006 studio album by Fishbone .
Yo Bailo / Don't Call me Crazy ( ジョバイロ/DON'T CALL ME CRAZY ) is the nineteenth single by the Japanese Pop - rock band Porno Graffitti .
Stage Door Witchdoctors was , until 2008 , Chants R&B 's only full length album .
True Carnage is the fourth album by death metal band Six Feet Under .
`` Little 15 '' is a Depeche Mode single , released on 16 May 1988 , and the fourth single from the album Music for the Masses .
Herbstleyd ( Autumn Suffering ) is the debut studio album of the black metal band Nargaroth .
`` Like Dat '' is the debut single by rapper Stat Quo , released in 2005 .
`` ( I Just Wanna ) B with U '' was a single released by UK band Transvision Vamp in 1991 and was the first to be taken from their final studio album , Little Magnets Versus the Bubble of Babble .
Sagan om konungens årsinkomst , Swedish for `` The Saga of the King 's Annual Income '' , is the second full - length album by the Swedish synthpop group Slagsmålsklubben .
`` Desecration Smile '' is a song from the Red Hot Chili Peppers and was on their 2006 double album , Stadium Arcadium .
My Inspiration is a full - length studio album , released in the Philippines only , by Filipina singer Charice , released on May 1 , 2009 .
`` Baby Universal '' is a song by Tin Machine , released as the second single from their Tin Machine II album in October 1991 .
Gift of Love is the first English album of Norwegian singer Sissel Kyrkjebø .
You Can Make Sound is the second studio album by Delorentos released on 9 October 2009 .
Nervous System Failure is the third full - length album by the Italian band Infernal Poetry ( fifth studio - album ) , released on 25 June 2009 through Casket Records , sub - label of Copro .
Twisting by the Pool is a 1983 song by Dire Straits which appears on ExtendedancEPlay .
Studio Sessions New York 1963 is the fourth volume of The Private Collection a series of recordings made by American pianist , composer and bandleader Duke Ellington for his personal collection which was first released on the LMR label in 1987 and later on the Saja label .
`` At Night I Pray '' is a song by Wild Orchid , released as the first single from their self - titled debut , Wild Orchid .
Once Like a Spark is the second full length release from Northern Ireland band , Jetplane Landing .
The Original Human Being ( or BC#5 ) is Blue Cheer 's fifth album .
Welcome to the Zoo is the debut studio album by Atlanta - native rapper Gorilla Zoe .
`` Ich Bin Ein Auslander '' ( German for ' I am a foreigner ' , correct spelling Ich bin ein Ausländer ) is a single by Pop Will Eat Itself released in 1994 from the album Dos Dedos Mis Amigos .
To the Teeth is singer - songwriter Ani DiFranco 's tenth studio album ( excluding EPs and her collaborations with Utah Phillips ) , released in November 1999 .
A Curious Thing is the second album by Scottish singer - songwriter Amy Macdonald , and was released on 8 March 2010 .
Pálmi Hannesson ( born Skagafjarðarsýsla 3 January 1898 , died 22 November 1956 ) was an Icelandic naturalist and rector of the Menntaskólinn í Reykjavík .
Ram Vaswani ( born c. 1970 in London ) is an English professional snooker player , turned professional poker player and the youngest member of The Hendon Mob .
Marlene van Niekerk was born on 10 November 1954 on the farm Tygerhoek near Caledon in the Western Cape , South Africa .
James Six FRS ( 1731 -- 25 August 1793 ) was a British scientist born in Canterbury .
Robert Zakanitch was born in 1935 in Elizabeth , New Jersey and grew up in Rahway .
Velibor Jonić was born on 12 February 1892 in Krnjevo , Kingdom of Serbia to Krsta and Sofia Jonić ( née Veljković ) .
Guillaume Canet was born in Boulogne - Billancourt on 10 April 1973 to a family of horse breeders .
Jayaram Padikkal I.P.S. was born in Peruvemba village Palghat in Kerala as the son of an Indian Army officer and had his education in Pune .
Susan Batten ( born September 21 , 1961 , in Clayton , North Carolina ) is an American soap opera actress , best known for her role as Luna Moody Holden on One Life to Live , a role she originally played from 1991 to 1995 .
Saskia Laroo ( born July 31 , 1959 in Amsterdam ) , is a Dutch jazz musician who has been dubbed the `` Lady Miles Davis '' .
Dragana Tomašević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Драгана Томашевић ; born June 4 , 1982 in Sremska Mitrovica ) is a Serbian discus thrower .
Tobias Haitz ( born 12 February 1992 , in Aachen ) is a German professional footballer who currently plays as a centre back for FC Viktoria Köln in the German Regionalliga West .
Barrington Belgrave ( born 16 September 1980 in Bedford , England ) is an English footballer , currently playing for St Neots Town .
Masako Hozumi ( Japanese : 穂積 雅子 ; born 11 September 1986 in Fukushima ) is a Japanese speed skater from Hokkaido .
Angélica Gorodischer ( née Angélica Arcal ; Buenos Aires , 28 July 1928 ) is an Argentine writer known for her collection of short stories , which belong to a wide variety of genres , including science - fiction , fantasy , crime and stories with a feminist perspective .
Sara González Rodríguez , known as Sara Tui is a Spanish football currently playing in the Spanish 1st Division for UD Granadilla Tenerife Sur .
Jacek Lech ( born Leszek Zerhau ; 15 April 1947 in Bielsko - Biała -- 25 March 2007 in Katowice ) was a popular Polish singer .
Nic Balthazar ( born 24 July 1964 in Ghent ) is a Belgian film director and a TV / radio personality ( presenter , reporter , producer ) .
Danielle Guéneau ( married name is Ménard)(born 21st of August 1947 at Pornic ) is a former French athlete , who specialised in the sprints and hurdles .
Brian Cooke ( born 1937 , in Liverpool , Merseyside , Northern England ) is a British comedy writer who , along with co - writer Johnnie Mortimer wrote scripts for and devised many of the top TV sitcoms of the 1970s , including Man About the House , George and Mildred and Robin 's Nest .
Karen Tei Yamashita ( Japanese : 山下てい , Born January 8 , 1951 in Oakland , California ) is a Japanese - American writer .
Jan Wilkens ( born February 4 , 1945 in Johannesburg ) is a retired South African professional wrestler who is a former South African Heavyweight Champion and six - time EWU World Super Heavyweight Champion .
Johann Nepomuk Ehrlich ( February 21 , 1810 -- October 23 , 1864 ) was an Austrian theologian and philosopher born in Vienna .
Wendel Santana Pereira Santos , most known as `` Wendel Zuero '' ( born October 8 , 1981 in Itapetinga - BA ) , is a Brazilian defensive midfielder .
Stjepan Sarkotić was born in Sinac near Otočac on 4 October 1858 as one of four siblings .
Yahya Berrabah ( Arabic : يحيى بالرابح‎ , born 13 October 1981 in Oujda ) is a Moroccan long jumper .
Elena Kuschnerova was born into a musical family in Moscow and trained at the Moscow Central Music School and the Moscow Tchaikovsky Conservatory .
Miraziz Jalalov ( born 22 January 1992 in Tashkent ) is an Uzbekistani football striker , playing for Uzbek League side Bunyodkor .
Sunny Joseph , ISC ( born October 12 , 1957 ) is an Indian Cinematographer and director from Kerala , most known for his work in Shaji N. Karun classic , Piravi , for which he won the 1988 Kerala State Film Award for Best Photography .
Stefania Sandrelli ( born 5 June 1946 in Viareggio , Province of Lucca ) is an Italian actress , famous for her many roles in the commedia all'Italiana , starting from 1960s .
Juan Luis Cipriani Thorne ( born in Lima , 28 December 1943 ) is a Cardinal Priest and Archbishop of Lima in the Roman Catholic Church .
Lau Kong ( 劉江 ) is a Hong Kong actor who works on the network TVB .
Billy Edwards ( December 21 , 1844 in Birmingham , Warwickshire , England -- August 12 , 1907 ) was a standout lightweight of the late 1860s and 1870s in England .
Paul Deussen was born in 1845 in Oberdreis in the Rhine Province , one of eight children of a clergyman of modest means .
Jane Edna Hunter ( December 13 , 1881 -- January 13 , 1971 ) , an African - American social worker , was born near Pendleton , South Carolina .
Indy Sagu was born and raised in Bradford , UK and began his professional musical career in his hometown in 1996 .
Bernard Holley ( born 9 August 1940 in Eastcote , Middlesex ) is a British actor whose career has spanned more than 40 years .
Sue Miller ( born November 29 , 1943 , Chicago , Illinois ) is an American novelist and short story writer who has written a number of best - selling novels .
Zhu Jianrong ( Simplified Chinese : 朱建荣 ) ( born 12 July 1991 in Qingdao ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Qingdao Jonoon in the China League One .
As Robert Todd Duncan , he was born 12 February 1903 in Danville , Kentucky to John and Lettie ( Cooper ) Duncan .
Dario Antiseri ( born 1940 in Foligno ) is a Philosophy professor .
Émile Burnat ( 21 October 1828 in Vevey , Vaud -- 31 August 1920 ) was a Swiss botanist .
Michele Di Piedi ( born 21 December 1980 in Palermo ) , is an Italian professional footballer , most famous for playing for Sheffield Wednesday .
Ji Mingyi ( simplified Chinese : 季铭义 ; traditional Chinese : 季銘義 ; pinyin : Jì Míngyì ; born December 15 , 1980 in Dalian , Liaoning ) is a former Chinese international footballer who spent the majority of his career with Dalian Shide where he won four league titles and two Chinese FA Cups .
Nora Gubisch ( born Paris , 1971 ) is a French operatic mezzosoprano .
Davydas Arlauskis ( born 18 November 1986 in Telšiai , USSR ) is a Lithuanian footballer , who is currently playing for MRU - TiuMenas in Lithuanian I Lyga .
Ieuan Wyn Jones was born in Denbigh , Wales , and is a Welsh speaker .
Dick Rienstra ( Assen , 1941 ) is a Dutch singer and actor .
Leon Jessel was born in the eastern German city of Stettin ( now Szczecin , Poland ) , in 1871 , the son of Jewish merchant Samuel Jessel and his American wife Mary .
Irina Zahharenkova ( born 23 February 1976 in Kaliningrad ) is an Estonian pianist and harpsichordist trained at the Estonian Academy of Music and the Sibelius Academy .
Paul Mayeda Berges ( born September 11 , 1968 in Torrance , California ) is an American screenwriter and director .
Ralph Rodgerson ( born 1893 in Sunderland ) was a professional footballer who played for , amongst others , Huddersfield Town and Leeds United .
Lorenzo Bini Smaghi ( born 29 November 1956 in Florence ) is an Italian economist who is currently Chairman of Snam , an Italian listed company .
Claudio Cavalieri ( born August 4 , 1954 in Rome , died June 9 , 1977 ) was an Italian professional football player .
Hafiz Mazhar Husain ( 1857 - -1912 ) was Chief Justice at Bhopal state during the period of Nawab Sultan Jahan Begum .
Clara Williams was born in Seattle , Washington , and made her screen debut in Western Chivalry in 1910 .
Mohamed Hansal ( Arabic : محمد حنصال‎ ) ( born November 6 , 1947 in Oran ) is a retired Algerian football referee .
Manfred Nowak ( born 26 June 1950 in Bad Aussee ) is an Austrian human rights lawyer .
Sy Bartlett was born on July 10 , 1900 in the Black Sea seaport of Mykolaiv in southern Ukraine .
Born in Nova Venécia , Espírito Santo , Jussiê began his career at Cruzeiro in 2001 .
Jose Antonio García Prieto ( born 16 October 1964 in San Salvador , El Salvador ) is a retired Salvadoran football player and current coach pf Titán .
Craig Safan ( born December 17 , 1948 in Los Angeles , California ) is a Hollywood film composer whose biggest scores include The Last Starfighter , Mr. Wrong , Stand and Deliver , Fade to Black , Major Payne , Remo Williams :
Shaun Palmer ( `` Napalm '' ) was born in South Lake Tahoe on November 14 , 1968 .
Louie Rolko ( born September 7 , 1984 in Hudson , Ohio ) is a former American soccer player , currently serving as senior assistant to Reid Ayers in the Baldwin Wallace University soccer program .
Nikola Kljusev was born in Štip , then part of the Kingdom of Serbs , Croats and Slovenes and today in the Republic of Macedonia , on October 2 , 1927 .
Edvan França de Moraes , the Edvan born in the São Paulo , is a Right back who plays in the Santo André .
Sophie Malbranque ( born December 24 1959 at Arras ) is a former French athlete , who specialised in the 400 meters .
Gyaincain Norbu was born on 13 February 1990 in Lhari County in northern Tibet Autonomous Region .
Peter Eccles ( born 24 August 1962 in Dublin ) is an Irish former professional soccer player .
Arthur Chambers ( born 6 December 1846 in Salford , Lancashire , England -- 8 April 1923 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) was an Anglo - American boxer .
Hsin Wen - bing ( 1 February 1912 -- 20 March 1999 ) was a Taiwanese politician who served as mayor of Tainan from 1960 to 1964 .
Luigi Zoia ( born 21 January 1948 in Milan ) is a karateka , 6th Dan karate master , and Italian entrepreneur .
Olav Larssen was born in Furnes as a son of baker Kristian Larssen and Lovise Wahlum ( 1873 - -1923 ) .
Michael Kandel ( born December 24 , 1941 in Baltimore , Maryland ) is an American translator and author of science fiction .
Friedrich Eduard Bilz ( June 12 , 1842 -- January 30 , 1922 ) was a German naturopath who was a native of Arnsdorf in the Kingdom of Saxony .
Neil Shawcross MBE ( born 15 March 1940 ) is an artist born in Kearsley , Lancashire , England , and resident in Northern Ireland since 1962 .
Arthur Gordon Webster was born on 28 November 1863 at Brookline , Massachusetts to William Edward Webster and Mary Shannon Davis .
Samuel Stritch was born in Nashville , Tennessee , to Garret ( 1841 - -1896 ) and Katherine ( née O'Malley ) Stritch .
Henry Stanton Burton ( 1819 - -1869 ) was a graduate of West Point , a career American Army officer who served in the Second Seminole War , Mexican--
Tayfur Havutçu ( born 23 April 1970 in Hanau , Hesse ) is a former Turkish international footballer and manager .
John Norton - Griffiths was born John Griffiths in Somerset on 13 July 1871 , the son of John Griffiths , a clerk of works at St Audries Manor Estate , West Quantoxhead .
Alison Van Pelt ( born September 16 , 1963 , Los Angeles ) is an American painter .
Franz Lackner was born in Feldbach in the district of Styria .
Born in Vårdö , Åland , Sally Salminen was the eighth child of twelve .
Jesse Macy , the thirteenth of fourteen children , was born to Quaker parents in Indiana , but the family moved to central Iowa in 1856 and started farming outside Lynnville , near the newly founded town of Grinnell .
Stephanie Hightower ( born July 19 , 1958 in Louisville , Kentucky ) is the president of USA Track & Field ( USATF ) .
James Harold `` Harry '' Chatton ( born 23 April 1899 in Enniskillen , County Fermanagh , Ireland ) , commonly referred to as Harry Chatton , was an Irish footballer who played for several clubs in the Scottish League , the American Soccer League and the League of Ireland .
Kang Dae - ha was born in Seogwipo , Jeju Island , Korea in 1942 , and majored in creative writing at Seorabeol Arts University .
Brian Surewood ( real name Brian Gilbert Barnes , born June 1 , 1963 in California , United States ) is a former pornographic actor .
Tommy Grupe ( born 29 March 1992 , in Rostock ) is a German footballer who plays for Hansa Rostock in the 3 .
Georg Friedrich Strass ( French : Georges Frédéric Strass ; 29 May 1701 , Wolfisheim near Strasbourg - 22 December 1773 ) was an Alsatian jeweler and inventor of imitation gemstones .
Franz Xaver Wolfgang Mozart was born in Vienna , five months before his father 's death .
Isaac Myers ( January 13 , 1835 -- 1891 ) was a pioneering African American trade unionist , a co - operative organizer and a caulker from Baltimore , Maryland .
Michael Dell was born in 1965 in Houston , to a Jewish family whose surname reflects the translation into English of the original German / Yiddish Thal ( `` valley '' or `` dale ( q.v . ) '' ; modern common - noun spelling Tal ) upon the family 's immigration to the United States .
Henry Flynt ( born 1940 in Greensboro , North Carolina ) is a philosopher , avant - garde musician , anti - art activist and exhibited artist often associated with Conceptual Art , Fluxus and Nihilism .
Florent Groberg was born in Poissy , France , near Paris , on May 8 , 1983 .
Cut Tari Aminah Anasya was born on November 1 , 1977 , in Jakarta .
Abdelwahab Doukkali ( born 1 January 1941 in Fes , one of 13 children to a conservative family ) is a Moroccan composer and performer .
Miladin Bečanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Миладин Бечановић , born 18 April 1973 in Nikšić ) is a former Montenegrin football striker .
Lisa Sheridan ( born December 5 , 1974 in Macon , Georgia ) is an American actress and Photographer .
Marko Bencun ( born 9 November 1992 in Metković ) is a Bosnian Croat from Međugorje .
Ramakanta Panda was born at Damodarpur village of Jajpur district .
Thomas Mashaba ( born Khutsong , NWP , South Africa ) is a professional boxer in the featherweight division holding the lightly regarded IBO title .
Reed Alexander is an American actor and healthy - living advocate from Boca Raton , Florida .
Dane Reynolds ( born September 7 , 1985 in Long Beach , California ) is a professional surfer from Ventura , California .
Jean - Pierre Timbaud ( Payzac , Dordogne , September 20 , 1904 - Chateaubriant , October 22 , 1941 ) was the secretary of the steelworkers '' trade union section of the Confédération Générale du Travail ( CGT ) .
Javier Hernán García ( born January 29 , 1987 , in Buenos Aires ) , is an Argentine football Goalkeeper who plays for Tigre in the Argentine Primera División .
Barry Stroud ( born 1935 , Toronto ) is a Canadian philosopher known for his work on philosophical skepticism , David Hume , and Ludwig Wittgenstein , among other topics .
Tayfun Pektürk ( born 13 May 1988 in Wermelskirchen ) is a German - Turkish footballer playing for Karşıyaka .
Klaas Heufer - Umlauf ( born September 22 , 1983 in Oldenburg ) is a German television host , actor and singer .
Christian Monacizzo ( born April 5 , 1991 in La Spezia ) is an Italian professional football player who plays in the Lega Pro Prima Divisione for S.S. Tritium 1908 , on loan from Atalanta .
Mirah ( born Mirah Yom Tov Zeitlyn , September 17 , 1974 , in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) , is an American musician and songwriter based in Brooklyn , New York .
Jędker ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈjɛntker ) ) , real name Andrzej Wawrynkiewicz ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈandʑɛj vavrɨnˈkʲiɛvit͡ʂ ) ) , is a rapper from Warsaw , Poland .
She was born as Juana Sujovolsky to an Argentine Jewish family in Buenos Aires and spent some of childhood in Brazil and Germany .
After studying Letters and Philosophy at Sapienza University in Rome , in 1996 Luca Ragazzi became a journalist and a film critic .
Robyn Nevin was born 25 September 1942 , in Melbourne , to William George Nevin and Josephine Pauline Casey .
Egil Svartdahl ( born 16 August 1954 in Sarpsborg ) is a famous Norwegian TV - pastor .
James L. Nederlander ( born January 23 , 1960 ) of the Nederlander family of Detroit , Michigan , is also known ( somewhat incorrectly ) as James Nederlander , Jr. , and is a veteran on Broadway as a theatre owner , operator , producer and presenter .
Eduard Imhof was born in Schiers , a town in eastern Switzerland .
Sam Shaber is an American singer / songwriter from New York City .
Michael Angelo Batio (; born February 23 , 1956 ) also known as Mike Batio or MAB , is an American heavy metal guitarist and columnist from Chicago , Illinois .
Tihomir Živković ( Burmese : Tihomir Zivkovic ; born 28 December 1985 ) is a footballer from Croatia .
Isis van der Wel ( born 29 April 1975 in Amsterdam ) , better known by her stage name DJ Isis and previously as 100 % Isis , is a Dutch DJ .
Gérard Bruchési ( born March 30 , 1931 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a former Canadian politician and insurance broker .
Ronald Gërçaliu ( German : Ronald Gercaliu , born 12 February 1986 ) is an Albanian - born Austrian footballer who plays for Tirana .
Jean - Philippe Toussaint ( 29 November 1957 , Brussels ) is a Belgian prose writer , photographer and filmmaker .
Jean - Yves Ollivier ( born 8 October 1944 in Algiers , Algeria ) is a French businessman who works primarily in the commodities sector in emerging markets .
Jo Wheeler ( born 1963 , Manchester ) is an English weather forecaster who currently works for Sky News .
Ashfaq Hussain was born in a lower middle class family in Karachi , Pakistan on 1 January 1951 .
Giacinto Campana ( born c. 1600 , Bologna ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period .
Jeanne Bal ( May 3 , 1928 , Santa Monica , California -- April 30 , 1996 , Sherman Oaks , California ) was an American actress who worked primarily in 1960s television .
Michal Petrouš ( born 6 December 1969 ) is a Czech former football player who now works as a caretaker manager for Slavia Prague .
Tonny Mols ( born 8 January 1969 in Eeklo ) is a Belgian footballer who currently plays midfield for K.S.K. Maldegem .
Mbongeni Ngema ( born 1 June 1956 ) is a South African writer , lyricist , composer , director and theatre producer , born in Verulam , KwaZulu - Natal ( near Durban ) .
Argo Meresaar ( born 13 January 1980 in Pärnu ) is a retired Estonian volleyball player who is currently the assistant coach of Bigbank Tartu .
Romy Tarangul ( born 19 October 1987 in Frankfurt ( Oder ) ) is a German judoka .
Randolph Caldecott ( /ˈkɔːldəˌkɑːt/ ; 22 March 1846 -- 12 February 1886 ) was an English artist and illustrator , born in Chester .
Rejnaldo Troplini ( born 9 November 1994 in Durrës ) is an Albanian football player who currently plays for KF Erzeni in the Albanian Second Division .
Jason Sherman ( born July 28 , 1962 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Canadian playwright and screenwriter .
Pedro Neschling ( born June 28 , 1982 Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian actor , director and writer .
Amir Aghaei ( Persian : امیر آقایی‎ , was born 1970 in Urmia ) is an Iranian actor .
Pieter Sjoerds Gerbrandy was born in the village of Goënga near Sneek , in the province of Friesland , in the Netherlands .
Gerhold K. Becker grew up in Bad Salzschlirf , Hesse , the eldest son of the violinist Josef Becker and his wife Agnes née Goldbach .
Elena Gerhardt was born at Connewitz near Leipzig , the daughter of a Leipzig restaurateur .
Eugene Jarvis was born in Palo Alto , California in 1955 and grew up in Menlo Park .
Gustav Weder ( born 2 August 1961 in Diepoldsau ) is a Swiss bobsledder who competed from the late 1980s to the early 1990s .
Karel Zelenka ( born March 31 , 1983 in Louny , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech - Italian figure skater .
John James Bagshaw ( 25 December 1885 -- 25 August 1966 ) was an English football player who spent the majority of his career with Derby County .
Valie Export ( often written as ' VALIE EXPORT ' ) ( born May 17 , 1940 in Linz as Waltraud Lehner , later Waltraud Höllinger ) is an Austrian artist .
Charles Constantin Pecqueur was born into a wealthy upper - middle - class family in the Department du Nord ; his town of birth is variously given as Arleux or Douai .
Diana Sorbello ( born June 27 , 1979 in Bocholt , North Rhine - Westphalia ) is a German schlager singer .
Jakob Prandtauer ( baptized in Stanz bei Landeck ( Tyrol ) on 16 July 1660 ; died in Sankt Pölten on 16 September 1726 ) was an Austrian Baroque architect .
Philipp Wende ( born 4 July 1985 in Wurzen ) is a German rower .
Jean - Claude Panet , ( b. December ? 1719 -- d. February 28 , 1778 ) was from Paris , France and came to Canada at 20 years of age as a soldier in the colonial regular troops .
Georg Loeschcke ( 28 June 1852 -- 26 November 1915 ) was a German archaeologist born in Penig , Saxony .
Hans - Werner Gessmann ( born 24 March 1950 in Duisburg ) is a German psychologist , founder of humanistic psychodrama and university teacher in Russia .
Priya Rajvansh was born as Vera Sunder Singh in Shimla in a Sikh family .
Murray Head was born in London to Seafield Laurence Stewart Murray Head ( 1919 -- 22 March 2009 ) , a documentary filmmaker and a founder of Verity Films , and Helen Shingler , an actress .
Sakari Saarinen ( born 18 July 1978 in Tampere ) is a Finnish footballer , who represents NoPS of Finnish fourth division Kolmonen .
Tim Mitchell is a Grammy winning music record producer , songwriter , and guitarist from Detroit , Michigan .
Tsang Chi Hau ( Chinese : 曾至孝 ; Jyutping : zang1 zi3 haau3 ; born 12 January 1990 in Hong Kong ) , is a Hong Kong footballer who plays for Hong Kong First Division League club Kitchee .
Edit Kovács ( born 9 June 1954 , Veszprém ) is a Hungarian fencer , who won three Olympic medals in the foil team competitions .
Matthias Blazek was born in Celle and spent his youth in Hanover , where he completed his Abitur at the Lutherschule Hannover in 1987 .
Zev Braun ( born October 19 , 1928 in Chicago , Illinois ) is an American motion picture producer .
Brooke Skye ( born Hope Danielle Miller , September 5 , 1986 in Plant City , Florida ) is a model , and former American pornographic actress who currently lives in San Diego , California .
Catriona Rowntree studied journalism at Macleay College in Sydney , after working as a researcher with Business Review Weekly , 2 GB and Prime Television .
Born in Ilha das Flores , Sergipe , Geuvânio appeared the most of his youth career with Santos ' youth system , but also appeared with some lower clubs in the process .
Costantino Barbella ( Chieti , January 31 , 1853 -- December 5 , 1925 ) was an Italian sculptor , known as il Michetti della scultura .
Lino Baldassarre Giovanni Battista Mosca Cirvella , known as Lino Mosca ( born August 27 , 1907 in Campiglia Cervo ; died February 15 , 1992 ) was an Italian professional football player .
Sopho Khalvashi ( Georgian : სოფო ხალვაში ( sɔpʰɔ xalvaʃi ) ; born 31 May 1986 in Batumi , Adjara ) , also sometimes known as simply Sopho , is a Georgian musician of Laz heritage .
Joanne Linville ( born January 15 , 1928 in Bakersfield , California ) is a retired American film and television actress .
Nelly O'Brien was born Ellen Lucy O'Brien on 4 June 1864 , at Cahirmoyle , County Limerick .
Marius George Țucudean ( born 30 April 1991 in Arad ) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a striker for ASA Târgu Mureș , on loan from English club Charlton Athletic .
Sarah Schleper ( born February 19 , 1979 in Glenwood Springs , Colorado ) is an American - Mexican alpine skier whose career started in 1995 .
Marlon LeBlanc ( born in East Windsor Township , New Jersey ) is an American soccer coach .
Carlo Chatrian graduated in Literature and Philosophy from Turin University in 1994 .
Januarius Zick was born in Munich and began to learn his trade from his father , Johannes Zick , a renowned painter himself , to whom he was apprenticed in order to learn how to paint frescoes .
Matthias Steinmetz(born 8 March 1966 in Saarbrücken ) is a German astronomer and astrophysicist .
Ciro De Cesare ( Salerno , 16 December 1971 ) is an Italian footballer .
Giampaolo di Cocco ( born September 6 , 1947 in Florence ) is an Italian artist , architect and writer .
Damian Bellón ( born 28 August 1989 in St. Gallen ) is a Swiss footballer , who is currently plays with Saraburi in Thai Premier League .
Coleridge was born Ethel Coleridge Tucker in South Molton , Devonshire , and educated at Bristol University .
Inela Nogić ( born 1976 in Sarajevo ) became world - famous during the Siege of Sarajevo when she won the 1993 Miss Besieged Sarajevo beauty pageant , which was held in a basement in an effort to avoid the barrage of sniper attacks from Serb militias .
Wacław Martyniuk ( pronounced ( ˈvat͡swaf marˈtɨɲuk ) ; born November 10 , 1949 in Bytom ) is a Polish politician .
Harry Kesten ( 19 November 1931 , Germany ) is an American mathematician best known for his work in probability , most notably on random walks and percolation theory .
Thomas Ammer ( born Eisenberg 19 July 1937 ) is a German historian who as a young man studied to become a physician .
Alfred Dührssen ( March 23 , 1862 - October 11 , 1933 ) was a German gynecologist and obstetrician born in Heide , Schleswig - Holstein .
Niki Leferink ( born February 12 , 1976 in Haaksbergen , Overijssel ) is a Dutch former football striker , who ended his professional career in 2008 .
Gergely Bobál ( born 31 August 1995 in Salgótarján ) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for VfL Wolfsburg II . He was also part of the Hungarian U-19 at the 2014 UEFA European Under-19 Championship .
Mark McGeown ( born 10 May 1970 in Paisley , Scotland ) is a former Scottish footballer , who last played for Queen 's Park in the Scottish Football League Third Division .
Christophe Kern ( born 18 January 1981 in Wissembourg , Bas - Rhin ) is a French road racing cyclist who rides for UCI ProTeam Team Europcar .
David Zeman ( born in Czechoslovakia in 1942 ) is a former Association football defender .
Alan Bissett ( born 17 November 1975 ) is an author and playwright from Hallglen , an area of Falkirk in Scotland .
Stefan Vladar ( born in Vienna , 1965 ) is an Austrian pianist and conductor .
Woldemar Kernig , better known as Vladimir Mikhailovich Kernig ( Latvian : Voldemārs Kernigs ; Russian : Владимир Михайлович Керниг ; June 28 , 1840 in Liepāja -- April 18 , 1917 in St. Petersburg ) was a notable Russian and Baltic German internist and neurologist whose medical discoveries saved thousands of people with meningitis .
Winston Holness , better known as Niney the Observer ( born George Boswell , 1951 , Montego Bay ) , is a Jamaican record producer and singer who was a key figure in the creation of many classic reggae recordings dating from the 1970s and early 1980s .
Marshall Howard Saville ( 1867 - -1935 ) was an American archaeologist , born in Rockport , Massachusetts .
Karin Kadenbach was born in 1958 in Vienna , where she also went to school .
Fabien Vehlmann , born in 1972 in Mont - de - Marsan , grew up in the Landes and the Savoie .
Luigi Galleani was born in the city of Vercelli , Italy , to a family of modest means .
Josef von Sternberg was born Jonas Sternberg in 1894 to a Jewish family in Vienna .
Reginald Ballard ( born October 13 , 1965 ) is an American character actor and comedian from Galveston , Texas , who is probably best known as `` Bruh - man from the fifth flo ' '' ( he would often hold up four fingers when saying this ) in the Fox sitcom Martin .
Jochen Lettmann ( born 10 April 1969 in Duisburg ) is a German slalom canoeist who competed in the 1990s .
Marcelo Samuel Berman ( born Buenos Aires , Argentina , 10 April 1945 ) is an Argentine / Brazilian ( double citizenship ) theoretical physicist , specializing in relativistic cosmology , and a journalist .
Claude Strebelle , was an architect and Belgian town planner , graduate of Royal Academy of fine arts of Brussels in 1941 .
Džoni Novak ( born 4 September 1969 in Ljubljana ) is a former Slovenian footballer who represented his country at Euro 2000 and the 2002 World Cup .
Gu Cao ( Chinese : 顾操 ; born 31 May 1988 in Shanghai ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Henan Jianye in the Chinese Super League .
Eliane Brum ( Ijuí , March 1966 ) is a Brazilian journalist , writer and documentarist .
Wolfgang Niedecken ( born 30 March 1951 , Cologne ) is a German singer , musician , and visual artist .
Luca Scassa ( born 23 August 1983 in Arezzo ) is an Italian motorcycle racer who has competed in the Superbike World Championship , the MotoGP World Championship , the Supersport World Championship , the AMA Superbike Championship and the British Superbike Championship .
Born to John Bowman , Jr. and Mary Mechum in Mercer County , Kentucky , John Bryan Bowman was a member of the Disciples of Christ and attended Bacon College ; his father being an incorporator and trustee .
Yelena Shchapova ( Russian : Елена Щапова , born June 22 , 1950 , Moscow , USSR ) is Russian model , writer and poet .
Ömer Seyfettin was born in Kahta , a town in Balıkesir Province , to a Circassian family in 1884 .
Ernst Leopold Salkowski ( October 11 , 1844 -- March 8 , 1923 ) was a German biochemist who was a native of Königsberg .
Iva Prandzheva ( Bulgarian : Ива Пранджева , born February 15 , 1972 in Plovdiv ) is a former Bulgarian athlete who was successful in both long jump and triple jump .
Nick McAnulty is a Canadian film maker who was born in Guelph , Ontario .
After his football career Sondre Jensen has worked as a postman for Posten Norge , the Norwegian postal service , in Loddefjord in Bergen .
Bill Tancred was born in Quetta , Balochistan , Pakistan , and grew up in Felixstowe .
Jeffrey Luck Lucas ( born Donald Jeffrey Lucas 23 September 1962 , in Gary , Indiana ) is an American musician .
Todd Frazier was born in Point Pleasant , New Jersey , as the youngest of three boys and of partial Scottish ancestry from his father 's side .
Friedrich August Körnicke ( 29 January 1828 -- 16 January 1908 ) was a German agronomist and botanist born in Pratau ( now a part of Wittenberg , Saxony - Anhalt ) .
Marcos Martins dos Anjos , better known as Marcos ( Souto Soares , July 24 , 1989 ) , is a Brazilian footballer who acts as right back .
Alexandre de Moraes Gomes or simply , Alex Moraes , ( born March 25 , 1988 in Barão de Cocais , Minas Gerais ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a center back for Esporte Clube São José .
Dominique Caillat ( born in Washington D.C. ) is a Swiss playwright and writer .
Madhu Shalini was born in Hyderabad , Telangana , her father Hameed is a businessman and her mother Raj Kumari an advocate and a classical dancer .
Abdelmalek Cherrad ( Arabic : عبدالمالك شراد‎ ) ( born 14 January 1981 in La Tronche ) is a French born Algerian footballer who currently plays for Championnat de France amateur side Grenoble Foot 38 as a striker .
Sun Guowen ( Chinese : 孙国文 ; Pinyin : Sūn Guówén , born 30 September 1993 in Dalian , Liaoning ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Dalian Aerbin in the China League One .
Nikolai Kormiltsev ( Russian : Николай Кормильцев ; born 1946 , Omsk ) was Commander - in - Chief of the Russian Ground Forces from 2001 to 2004 , before being replaced by Alexey Maslov .
Pierre - Julien Gilbert ( 1783 in Brest -- 1860 in Brest ) was a French painter who specialised in naval scenes .
Graham Vick CBE ( born 30 December 1953 in Birkenhead ) is an English opera director known for his experimental and revisionist stagings of traditional and modern operas .
Lacy J. Dalton ( born Jill Lynne Byrem on October 13 , 1946 in Bloomsburg , Pennsylvania ) is an American country singer and songwriter .
Xenophanes of Colophon ( /zəˈnɒfəniːz/ ; Ancient Greek : Ξενοφάνης ὁ Κολοφώνιος ( ksenopʰánɛːs ho kolopʰɔ̌ːnios ) ; c. 570 -- c. 475 BC ) was a Greek philosopher , theologian , poet , and social and religious critic .
Arif Suyono ( born in Batu , Malang , East Java , January 3 , 1984 , age 30 years ) is an Indonesian footballer , whose nickname is `` Keceng '' , refers to his skinny appearance .
José Vasconcelos was born in Oaxaca , Oaxaca on February 28 , 1882 , the son of a customs official .
Pierre Billon ( born June 15 , 1937 in Geneva , Switzerland ) is a novelist and screenwriter from Quebec .
Theo Eltink ( born November 27 , 1981 in Eindhoven ) is a Dutch former professional road bicycle racer .
He was born in Amsterdam , where his father , David Jacob van Lennep ( 1774 - -1853 ) , a scholar and poet , was professor of eloquence and the classical languages in the Atheneum .
Kevon Villaroel ( born December 17 , 1987 in Diego Martin ) is a Trinidadian soccer player who currently plays for the Central FC of the TT Pro League
Giuseppe Perrone ( born 19 May 1975 ) is a Swiss footballer , born in Arbon .
Ivaylo Ivanov is a product of CSKA Sofia 's youth system .
Patrick Jonker ( born 25 May 1969 in Amsterdam ) is a retired Australian road bicycle racer from Dutch and German ancestry .
Brandon Escobar ( born on Long Island , New York on 25 September 1990 ) is a Honduran American wrestler .
Yosyf Zisels ( born 2 December 1941 in Tashkent ) is a human rights activist and Ukrainian dissident .
Redding was born in Dawson , Georgia , the fourth of six children , and the first son , of Otis Redding , Sr . , and Fannie Mae Redding .
Karl Ludwig Fridolin von Sandberger ( 22 November 1826 -- 12 April 1898 ) , German palaeontologist and geologist , was born at Dillenburg , Nassau , on the 22nd of November 1826 .
Sumalee Montano ( born August 3 , 1972 ) is an American actress and voice actress , born in Columbus , Ohio , United States .
Michael Kyomya is the bishop of the Anglican diocese of Busoga in Uganda .
Patrizia Paterlini - Bréchot , born in Italy city of Reggio Emilia , is an Italian scientist and a professor of cell biology and oncology working at the Faculté de Médecine Necker - Enfants Malades , Université Paris Descartes and at INSERM in Paris
Luiz Henrique de Oliveira or simply Luiz Henrique ( born 3 September 1985 ) in São Paulo is a Brazilian attacking midfielder who plays for Guarani in the Brazilian Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. .
Thijs Berman ( born September 26 , 1957 in Coevorden ) is an independent consultant based in Brussels , Belgium .
Yuen Kin Man ( Chinese : 阮健文 ; Jyutping : jyun5 gin6 man4 ; born January 19 , 1989 , Hong Kong ) is a Hong Kong footballer who played for Rangers of Hong Kong First Division League .
Mel Tottoh ( born 26 July 1956 in Manchester ) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League for Preston North End .
Neusa Maria Faro ( born February 18 , 1945 in Sorocaba ) is a Brazilian actress and dubber .
João Leiva Campos Filho , usually called Leivinha ( little Leiva ) , ( born 11 September 1949 in Novo Horizonte , São Paulo ) is a retired Brazilian footballer who played striker .
Maximilian Hugo Bettauer , later known as Hugo Bettauer , was born in Baden bei Wien on 18 August 1872 , the son of the stockbroker Arnold ( Samuel Aron ) Bettauer from Lemberg ( Lviv ) and his wife Anna ( née Wecker ) .
James Clarence Mangan , born James Mangan ( 1 May 1803 , Dublin -- 20 June 1849 ) , was an Irish poet .
Giambattista della Porta was born at Vico Equense , near Naples , to the nobleman Nardo Antonio della Porta .
Konstantinos Tzechanis ( Albanian : Kostë Xhehani , Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Τζεχάνης , Latin : Constantinus Tzechani , 1740 - -1800 ) was a philosopher , mathematician and poet from the 18th century Aromanian center of Moscopole .
Damophon ( Greek : Δαμοφῶν ; fl . 2nd century BC ) was an ancient Greek sculptor of the Hellenistic period from Messene , who executed many statues for the people of Messene , Megalopolis , Aegium and other cities of Peloponnesus .
Bernadette Malgorn ( born 19 June 1951 in Nantes , Loire - Atlantique ) is a French civil servant and politician .
Robert Eberle ( 1815 - -1862 ) , a German animal painter , was born at Meersburg , on Lake Constance , July 22 .
Sidney Santos de Brito ( born October 16 , 1979 in Recife ) , known as Sidney , is a Brazilian footballer .
Frederick Sidney Cotton was born on 17 June 1894 on a cattle station at Goorganga , near Proserpine , Queensland .
Achmed Akkabi ( born 3 October 1983 in The Hague ) is a Moroccan - Dutch actor .
Herman Cain was born in Memphis , Tennessee , to Lenora ( Davis ) Cain , a cleaning woman and domestic worker , and Luther Cain Jr. , who was raised on a farm and worked as a barber and janitor , as well as a chauffeur for Coca - Cola Company president Robert W. Woodruff .
He was born in London the son of William Macready the elder , and the actress Christina Ann Birch .
Lodovico , Count Corti ( October 24 , 1823 -- February 19 , 1888 ) , Italian diplomat , was born at Gambarana , near Pavia .
Amos Dewon Day ( born September 29 , 1980 , in Jackson , Mississippi ) is a former Major League Baseball relief pitcher who was drafted by the Toronto Blue Jays .
Born Auguste Henriette Mendel in Darmstadt , Hesse - Darmstadt , she was the daughter of Adam Mendel and of Anna Sophie Müller .
Jaleh Amouzgar ( Persian : ژاله آموزگار‎‎ , born 2 December 1939 in Khoy , West Azerbaijan ) is a world - class Iranist and a university professor .
Maria Maunder ( born 19 March 1972 in St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador ) is a Canadian rower .
Rick Allison ( real name : Éric Vleminckx , born July 17 , 1964 , in Brussels ) is a Belgian - born Canadian musician and record producer best known for his work with singer Lara Fabian .
Richelle Mead was born in Michigan , and currently lives in the Seattle suburb of Kirkland , Washington , United States .
Barnabas Brough was born around 1795 in Newcastle upon Tyne , the third of six children born to William and Mary ( née Trotter ) Brough .
Edward Spring Knapp ( 1879 - -1940 ) , of New York City , was a philatelist known for his remarkable collections of postage stamps and postal history .
Born in Mostar , SR Bosnia and Herzegovina , then still within Yugoslavia , Nikola Jokišić began playing football with FK Velež Mostar , making 34 appearances in the Yugoslav First League .
Charikleia Pantazi ( Greek : Χαρικλέια Πανταζή ; born 18 March 1985 in Athens ) is a Greek rhythmic gymnast .
Aleksei Dressen ( born 1968 in Riga ) is a former Estonian Internal Security Service officer being charged with treason .
Alyz Henrich was born in Punto Fijo , a Caribbean city located in western Venezuela .
Rich Paul is an American sports agent based in Cleveland , Ohio .
Jindřich Kabát ( born 24 April 1953 in Prague ) is a Czech psychologist , professor and politician .
Jeanne DuPrau ( born 1944 in San Francisco , California ) is an American writer , best known for The City of Ember , a series of novels for young people .
Roderic 's exact date of birth is unknown but probably was after 687 , estimated from his father 's marriage having taken place after his exile to Córdoba following the succession of King Egica in that year .
Einar Gelius ( born 15 May 1959 in Arendal ) is a Norwegian priest who has also been involved in politics for the Labour Party .
Marguerite Lamour ( Marguerite Arzel born on June 12 , 1956 in Ploudalmézeau , Finistère ) is the mayor of Ploudalmézeau .
Daniel Acon ( born January 24 , 1958 Rome ) is an American Special Effects Coordinator and Supervisor .
Pauline Croze ( Noisy - le - Sec , 4 May 1979 ) is a French pop / folk singer and musician .
Steve Trotter ( born November 13 , 1962 in Providence , Rhode Island ) is a daredevil who is the youngest person to have gone over Niagara Falls in a barrel .
Peter Willey ( born 6 December 1949 in Sedgefield , County Durham ) is a former English cricketer , who played as a right - handed batsman and right - arm offbreak bowler .
Francesco Amico was a prominent Roman Catholic theologian , born in Cosenza , in Calabria , 2 April 1578 .
Erika Mann was born in Munich and was the firstborn daughter of the writer and later Nobel - prize winner Thomas Mann and his wife , Katia ( née Pringsheim ) , the daughter of an intellectual German family of Jewish heritage .
Jan Slavomír Tomíček ( 1806 , in Branná by Jilemnice -- 28 April 1866 , in Praha ) was a Czech writer , journalist , historian and ethnologist .
Daniel Ludwig Ernst Betche ( 31 December 1851 , in Potsdam -- 28 June 1913 , in Sydney ) was a German - Australian horticulturist and botanist .
Born in 1933 in Cleveland , Ohio , Judah Folkman accompanied his father , a rabbi , on visits to hospital patients .
Nathaniel Wallich was born in Copenhagen in 1786 as Nathan ben Wulff .
JUDr . Bc . Jaromír Tauchen , Ph.D. , LL.M.Eur . Integration ( Dresden ) ( * 23 . Juli 1981 , Sušice ) is a Czech lawyer , law - historian , certified judiciary interpreter and translator ( German / Czech ) and lecturer at the Faculty of Law , Masaryk University , Brno .
Enrico Baiano ( Naples , 1960 ) is an Italian harpsichordist and fortepianist , known on the international stage as a virtuoso and strict interpreter of early music .
Louis Gerlach Pareau , ( August 10 , 1800 -- October 27 , 1866 ) was a Dutch theologian born in Deventer .
Dimitrios Mougios ( Greek : Δημήτριος Μούγιος , born October 13 , 1981 in Marousi , Athina ) is a Greek rower .
Gabi Packer is a former Israeli footballer who is mostly known for playing in Maccabi Netanya for 14 seasons .
Mirza Babayev was born on July 16 , 1913 in Baku , into a family of oil agent .
Brunello Cucinelli ( born 3 September 1953 at Castel Rigone ) is an Italian fashion designer and eponymous chief executive of his brand , Brunello Cucinelli .
Aurelio De Laurentiis ( born 24 May 1949 in Rome ) is a prominent Italian film producer through his company , Filmauro and the current chairman of his native Italian football club Napoli .
Alice Nina Hoysradt , née Conarain ( b. Dublin , Ireland ) was an Irish writer of over 70 romance novels as her maiden name Nina Conarain and under the pseudonym of Elizabeth Hoy from 1933 to 1980 .
Aitor Hernández Gutiérrez ( born 24 January 1982 in Ermua , Basque Country ) is a Spanish racing cyclist who is currently not under contract to any team .
Born in Havana on November 10 , 1976 , Viengsay Valdés moved at three months to Laos , where her father was the Cuban Ambassador .
Pavel Loskutov ( born 2 December 1969 in Valka , Latvia ) is a former Estonian long - distance runner who specialized in marathon races .
Sona Mohapatra ( born 17 June 1976 ) is an Indian singer , music composer and lyricist born in Cuttack , Odisha .
Oleg Sudakov ( Russian : Олег Судаков ; 4 May 1962 , Novosibirsk ) , better known as Manager is a Russian musician , poet , artist , and publicist .
Tommaso Righi ( 1727 - -1802 ) was an Italian sculptor and stuccator with a practice in Rome .
Lukáš Pollert ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈlukaːʃ ˈpolɛrt ) ) ( born 24 March 1970 in Prague ) is a Czech slalom canoer who competed from the late 1980s to the early 2000s .
Ewerton Ribeiro Páscoa or simply Ewerton Páscoa ( born 14 March 1989 ) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Brazilian club Sport Recife , on loan from Audax São Paulo .
Josef Benda , also Joseph Benda ( baptized 7 May 1724 in Benátky nad Jizerou -- died 22 February 1804 in Potsdam ) , was a Bohemian violinist and composer active in Germany .
Aleksander Väinö Nyström ( 11 September 1857 , Ruovesi - 31 January 1918 , Pirkkala ) was a Finnish civil servant , bank director and politician .
Clift Andrus was born on October 12 , 1890 at Fort Leavenworth , Kansas as a son of army colonel , Edwin Proctor Andrus and his wife Marie Josephine ( néé Birdwell ) .
Flavien Belson Bengaber ( born 22 February 1987 in Sainte - Adresse ) is a French born Guadeloupe international footballer who is currently plays for Stade Bordelais .
Ladislav Sutnar ( 9 November 1897 -- 13 November 1976 ) was a graphic designer from Plzeň , Czechoslovakia ( in western Bohemia ) who was a pioneer of information design and information architecture .
Marcel Zanini ( real name Zannini , born September 9 , 1923 in Istanbul , Turkey ) is a French jazz musician .
Lucien Weiler ( born 3 August 1951 in Ettelbruck ) is a Luxembourgian politician and jurist .
Fred Daniels ( Churchover , Warwickshire , 26 July 1892 -- 1959 ) was a pioneer of still photography in the film industry using a plate camera .
Wendy Windham ( born January 13 , 1967 , in Los Angeles ) is an American actress , working primarily in Italy .
She was born Nora Dorothy Bernard in Port Elizabeth , British Cape Colony , now part of South Africa , to William H Bernard and Roy Elizabeth Ayrd .
Diego Higino Nascimento ( born September 14 , 1986 in Salvador ) , is a Brazilian football striker .
Allan Théo ( born Alain Rouget on 11 April 1972 , Saint - Amand - Montrond ) is a French singer .
Wilhelm Sollmann was born on 2 April 1881 in Oberlind , Saxe - Meiningen ( today a part of Sonneberg , Thuringia ) .
Rodney Graham ( born January 16 , 1949 ) is an artist and musician born in Abbotsford , British Columbia .
Alejandro Escovedo ( born January 10 , 1951 , in San Antonio , Texas ) is a Mexican American singer - songwriter .
Malkhaz Asatiani ( Georgian : მალხაზ ასათიანი ; born 4 August 1981 in Kutaisi ) is a retired Georgian football defender who last recently played for Lokomotiv Moscow .
George Sale ( 1697 , Canterbury , Kent , England -- 1736 , London , England ) was an Orientalist and practising solicitor , best known for his 1734 translation of the Qur'an into English .
Santiago Federico Valverde Dipetta ( born 22 July 1998 in Montevideo ) is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays for Uruguayan club Peñarol as a Midfielder on loan from Spanish club Real Madrid .
Mariano Rivera was born in Panama City , Panama , on November 29 , 1969 , to Mariano Rivera Palacios and Delia Jiron .
Sabrina Le Beauf ( born March 21 , 1958 in New Orleans , Louisiana ) is an American actress best known for her portrayal of Sondra Huxtable on the NBC situation comedy The Cosby Show .
Sócrates was born in Belém do Pará .
Vahagn Khachatryan ( Armenian : Վահագն Խաչատրյան ; born July 26 , 1959 in Sisian ) is an Armenian politician .
Curtis was born on 15 June 1905 in London , the only child of Herbert John Curtis and Elizabeth Winifred Curtis ( née Baker ) .
Marcel Langiller ( born in Charenton - le - Pont , Val - de - Marne , 2 June 1908 -- died 28 December 1980 ) was a French footballer and is an Olympian .
Born in Radom , Lech Owron graduated from the Edward Rontaler Gimnazjum in Warsaw , he then studied mining engineering in Mons , Belgium .
Robert Brito Luciano or simply Robinho ( born September 8 , 1987 in Volta Redonda ) is a Brazilian footballer , who currently plays for Madureira .
Milne founded the Aberdeen - based Stewart Milne Construction Group in 1975 , a housebuilding contractor .
Radostin Kishishev ( Bulgarian : Радостин Кишишев ; born 30 July 1974 ) is a former Bulgarian footballer and current manager of Neftochimic Burgas .
Yura Movsisyan was born 2 August 1987 in Baku , Azerbaijan SSR to an Armenian family of parents Sergey Movsisyan and Aida Sahakyan and brothers Movses and Hovhannes .
Giacomo Di Chirico was born in Venosa into a carpenter 's family , the younger son of Luigi and Caterina Savino .
Dmitry Kawarga ( Russian : Дмитрий Викторович Каварга ) born in Moscow , Russia Dmitry Kawarga is a Russian artist whose works are based on the synthesis of science , art and technology .
James Atherton ( born 1872 in Lancaster , England ) was a footballer who played in the Football League for Leicester Fosse .
Andrea Giocondi ( born in Tivoli , 17 January 1969 ) is an Italian middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 metres .
Beba Idelson ( née Trakhtenbereg ) was born in Ekaterinoslav in the Russian Empire ( now Dnipropetrovsk , Ukraine ) in 1895 .
Roman Vasyanov ( Russian : Роман Васьянов ; born October 24 , 1980 in Moscow ) is a Russian cinematographer .
Keith Wyness ( born 26 October 1958 ) is a Scottish businessman , who was chief executive officer of the Scottish Premier League club Aberdeen and later the Premier League club Everton during the 2000s .
Stacey Grenrock - Woods ( born November 22 , 1968 , in Los Angeles ) is an American writer , actress , and former correspondent on The Daily Show .
Oscar Corrochano ( born 6 September 1976 in Hanau ) is a German - Spanish football coach and former player .
Marion Grasby ( born 29 September 1982 in Darwin , Northern Territory ) is a Thai - Australian cook , and the owner and creator of Marion 's Kitchen food range .
Adrian Pearsall ( born 1925 , Trumansburg , New York ) was an American architect and furniture designer .
Përparim Kovaçi ( born 8 January 1956 in Berat ) is a former Albanian football player and coach who spent nearly all of his career at Tomori Berat , where he is the club 's top goalscorer with over 100 league goals scored .
Sue Bond ( born 9 May 1945 in Aylesbury , England ) is a British actress , cabaret singer and comedienne best remembered for her appearances on The Benny Hill Show in the early 1970s .
Zechariah Buck ( 9 September 1798 , Norwich -- 5 August 1879 , Newport , Essex ) , was an English Organist .
Roshan Taqui is a multi - published Indian writer on Lucknow and its culture .
Dennis Dun ( born April 19 , 1952 ) is an American actor from Stockton , California , currently residing in Los Angeles .
Dorothy Paul ( born 1937 in Dennistoun , ( ( Glasgow)dffsdfs ) as Dorothy Pollock ) is a Scottish actress , comedian and entertainer .
Helen Cornelius ( b. Helen Lorene Johnson , Dec. 6 , 1941 , Monroe City , Missouri ) is an American country singer - songwriter and actress , best remembered for a series of hit duets with Jim Ed Brown , many of which reached the U.S. country singles top ten during the late 1970s and early ' 80s .
José Gerson Ramos or simply Gérson ( born March 29 , 1981 in Carmópolis ) , is a Brazilian attacking midfielder for Atlético Sorocaba .
Luciana Littizzetto ( born October 29 , 1964 in Turin , Piedmont ) is an Italian comedy actress , shock jock and humor writer .
Lutz Fleischer ( born 1956 in Dresden ) is a German painter and graphic artist .
Melvin Anthony grew up in the lower - middle - class neighborhoods of Sacramento and San Bernardino , California .
Catherine Flemming ( born 2 February 1967 in Berlin ) is a German film and TV actress .
Luka Milunović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Лука Милуновић ; born 21 December 1992 in Belgrade ) is a Serbian football striker who plays for Superleague Greece side Platanias .
Eduard Norden was born in Emden in East Frisia , the son of a Jewish physician .
Nicolas Reissig ( born 7 April 1989 , in Oberndorf bei Salzburg ) is an Austrian tennis player .
Garry Bushell ( born 13 May 1955 , Woolwich , South East London ) is an English newspaper columnist , rock music journalist , television presenter , author and political activist .
Luciano Caravani ( born 14 April 1953 in Vicenza , Veneto ) is a retired Italian sprinter who specialized in the 100 and 200 metres .
Guelfo Zamboni was born at Santa Sofia , then part of Tuscany .
Viviane Dorsile ( born 1 June 1967 in Sainte Anne , Guadeloupe ) is a French athlete who specialises in the 800 meters and the 4 x 400 meter relay .
Fabio Badilini ( born 22 October 1964 in Montichiari , Brescia ) is an Italian scientist and business man .
Diego Dubcovsky ( born Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine film producer , production manager , and production designer .
Born in Watford , Hertfordshire , England in 1888 , the oldest child of Louise and George Pearkes , he attended Berkhamsted School .
Giuseppe De Stefano ( born Reggio Calabria , 1 December 1969 ) is an Italian criminal and a member of the ' Ndrangheta , the Calabrian mafia .
Ellie Raymond ( born 29 January 1991 ) is an Australian football ( soccer ) player currently playing for Australian W - League team Canberra United .
Peter Shmock ( Peter Carlton `` Pete '' Shmock ; born April 29 , 1950 in Detroit , Michigan ) is a retired American track and field athlete , primarily known for throwing the shot put , and former Seattle Mariners coach .
Josef Grassi was born in Vienna , the younger brother of sculptor and porcelain modeller Anton Grassi .
Tony Aitken ( born 20 June 1946 in Solihull , Warwickshire , England ) is an English actor , known for playing a variety of parts in popular television programmes .
André Boulerice ( born May 8 , 1946 in Joliette , Quebec ) is a Québécois politician and gay rights activist .
Sebastiano Galeotti ( 1656 - -1746 ) was a peripatetic Italian painter of the late - Baroque period , active in Florence , Genoa , Parma , Piacenza , Codogno , Lodi , Cremona , Milan , Vicenza , Bergamo , and Turin .
Jack Mahaney ( 1844- ? ) was an American criminal , sneak thief , confidence man and gang leader in New York City during the late-19th century .
Renato Cipollini ( born August 27 , 1945 in Codogno , Province of Lodi ) is a retired Italian professional football player .
Carl Myerscough ( pronounced Myers / co ) ( born 21 October 1979 in Hambleton , Lancashire ) is an English athlete .
Otto Walter ( 1882 , in Vienna -- 1965 , in Parsch in the state of Salzburg ) was an Austrian archaeologist .
César Aparecido Rodrigues ( born October 24 , 1974 in São Paulo ) , better known just as César , is a Brazilian former footballer currently under contract as youth coach of Lazio .
Tor Seidler ( born 1952 in Littleton , New Hampshire ) is an American author of children 's literature .
Ivica Pirić ( born 24 January 1977 in Split ) is a retired Croatian football player who is last played for RNK Split .
Alisha Farrer was born on was born on 19 October 1993 in Perth , Western Australia to parents of Indian heritage .
Kushtrim Munishi started his career in 1990 making his first appearance for FC Prishtina at the age 17 .
Khaled Badra ( Arabic : خالد بدرة‎ , born 8 April 1973 in Kairouan ) is a retired Tunisian footballer , who recently retired from international football , he last played for Tunisian League side Espérance of Tunis .
Geoffrey Burnand was born in Hastings , Sussex to an English father , a Colonel in the British Army , and an Irish mother .
John Kenyon Nicholson was born in Crawfordsville , Indiana , on May 21 , 1894 , the oldest son of Thomas B. and Anne ( Kenyon ) Nicholson .
Manuel Moreno ( Buenos Aires , 1782 -- íb . , 1857 ) was an Argentine politician , brother of Mariano Moreno .
Dario Damjanović ( born 23 July 1981 in Gradačac ) is a Bosnian football player who is playing for OFK Beograd in the Serbian SuperLiga .
Yacoob Omar ( born 7 August 1948 in Durban ) is a former South African first - class cricketer who played for Natal , mostly in Howa Bowl matches .
Peter Varellas ( born October 2 , 1984 ) is an American water polo player who grew up in Moraga , CA and attended Campolindo High School .
Michele Gammino ( born 16 June 1941 in Rome ) is an Italian film and television actor and radio and television presenter .
Marco Antônio , real name Marco Antônio Feliciano , ( born February 6 , 1951 in Santos ) was an association footballer .
Louis Banks was born to Indian Gorkha parents Sarswati and George Banks , a musician , in his hometown of Darjeeling .
Leopoldo Roberto Markovsky - Léo ( born 29 August 1983 in São Paulo ) is a Brazilian football striker , currently playing for Pattaya United .
Charles - Marie - Napoléon de Beaufort d'Hautpoul ( 9 November 1804 , Naples - 18 May 1890 ) was a French general of the 19th century .
Vishal Kanoi born May 12 , 1983 is Kolkata 's eminent choreographer , producer of musical stage shows and the founder of Studio Vishal : the official platform for learning various western dance forms .
Eliahu Inbal ( born 16 February 1936 , Jerusalem ) is an Israeli conductor .
Gary Indiana ( born 1950 as Gary Hoisington in Derry , New Hampshire ) is an American writer , filmmaker , and visual artist .
Juliane Robra ( born 8 January 1983 in Herdecke , Germany ) is a Swiss judoka , competing in the 70 kg - category and currently ranked at 3rd Dan .
Young Corbett II ( born William J. Rothwell on October 4 , 1880 Denver , Colorado and died on April 10 , 1927 ) is a boxer who held the world featherweight championship .
Leroy Golding ( born 1950 in Jamaica ) is a British actor , most famous for playing Celestine Tavernier in the BBC soap opera EastEnders ; a role that he played from 1990 to 1992 , returning briefly in 1993 .
The third son of Hans Christoph Ernst , Baron von Gagern , a liberal statesman from Hesse , Heinrich von Gagern was born at Bayreuth , educated at the military academy at Munich and , as an officer in the service of the duke of Nassau , fought at Waterloo .
Cathe Friedrich , born July 20 , 1964 , is an American ACE certified group fitness instructor , personal trainer and entrepreneur from Glassboro , New Jersey .
Patty Chang ( born February 3 , 1972 , in San Francisco , California ) is an American film director and performance artist .
Cengiz Küçükayvaz ( born 30 July 1968 in Uşak ) is a Turkish actor who usually appears in comedic roles .
Jimmy Engoulvent ( born December 7 , 1979 in Le Mans ) is a French road racing cyclist who rides for Direct Énergie .
Abdilatif Abdalla ( born 1946 in Mombasa ) is a Kenyan writer and politician .
Weigand of Redwitz ( 1476 in Tüschnitz , now part of Küps -- 20 May 1556 in Kronach ) was Prince - Bishop of Bamberg from 1522 until his death .
Franz Vohwinkel ( born 1964 in Munich ) is a German artist and illustrator whose work has appeared in role - playing games .
Juan Manuel Morales ( born 19 December 1988 in Montevideo ) is an Uruguayan footballer who currently plays as a left back .
Branko Radovanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бpaнкo Paдoвaнoвић ; born February 18 , 1981 in Obrenovac ) is a Serbian football player who has been a free agent since July 2009 .
Keshia Chanté was born in Ottawa , Ontario and raised in nearby Orléans , Ontario .
Bilaal Rajan ( born in Toronto , Ontario ) is a fundraiser , motivational speaker , author , United Nations Children 's Fund ( UNICEF ) Canada 's child ambassador , and founder of the Making Change Now organization .
Mehdi Mohammed Zeyo ( c. 1962 -- 20 February 2011 ) was a Libyan middle manager for a state oil company in Benghazi , Libya .
Maria Judite de Carvalho ( Lisbon , 1921 - -1998 ) was a Portuguese author .
Nikolaus III , Prince Esterházy ( Hungarian : Esterházy III . Miklós , German : Nikolaus III Esterházy ( Regensburg , June 25 , 1817 - Vienna , January 28 , 1894 ) was the ninth prince of the Hungarian House of Esterházy .
Giambattista Bodoni ( Italian pronunciation : ( dʒambatˈtiˑsta boˈdoːni ) ; February 26 , 1740 in Saluzzo -- November 30 , 1813 in Parma ) was an Italian typographer , type - designer , compositor , printer and publisher in Parma .
Gerhard Koall was killed on 27 April 1945 after being hit by Soviet anti - aircraft fire near Anklam .
Experience Estabrook died in Omaha , Nebraska , and was buried in Forest Lawn Cemetery in Omaha .
Wilhelm Brückner - Rüggeberg ( April 15 , 1906 in Stuttgart - April 1 , 1985 in Hamburg ) was a German conductor .
Mammad Araz ( Azerbaijani : Məmməd Araz ) ( 14 October 1933 in Nursu , Nakhchivan -- 1 December 2004 in Baku , Azerbaijan ) , born Mammad Ibrahimov , was an Azerbaijani poet .
Sebastian Arcos Bergnes ( 1931 -- December 22 , 1997 , New York City ) was a Cuban human rights activist .
Basiliscus , his wife Aelia Zenonis and his son Marcus were sent to a fortress in Cappadocia , where Zeno had them enclosed in a dry cistern , to die from exposure .
Gordon Thomas Whyburn ( 7 January 1904 Lewisville , Texas -- 8 September 1969 Charlottesville , Virginia ) was an American mathematician who worked on topology .
Born and raised on the south side of Chicago , he was named after his father Oscar Brown , Sr . , a successful attorney and real estate broker .
Christoph Wilhelm Mitscherlich ( 20 October 1760 in Weissensee ( Thuringia ) -- 6 January 1854 in Göttingen ) was a German classical scholar .
Charles Sprigg ( 1889 -- 1969 ) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Birmingham .
Edward Alfred Cowper ( 10 December 1819 London -- 9 May 1893 Rastricke , Weybridge , Surrey ) was a British mechanical engineer .
Shota Iamanidze ( Georgian : შოთა იამანიძე ) ( born 15 March 1937 in Tbilisi ; died 15 October 1971 in Tbilisi ) was a Georgian Soviet football player .
On 17 March 1990 , Capucine jumped to her death from her eighth - floor apartment in Lausanne , Switzerland , where she had lived for 28 years , having reportedly suffered from illness and depression for some time .
Ekkehard Schall ( May 29 , 1930 in Magdeburg -- September 3 , 2005 in Berlin ) was a German stage and screen actor / director .
Vincent Rose ( né Vincenzo Cacioppo ; 13 June 1880 Palermo , Italy -- 20 May 1944 Rockville Centre , New York ) was an Italian - born American violinist , pianist , composer , and bandleader .
Vaclavs Borduško ( born 3 October 1914 in Riga , died 14 October 1999 in Toronto , Canada ) was a Latvian international footballer , a two - time champion of Latvia .
Azelin ( before 1000 -- 8 March 1054 ) was Bishop of Hildesheim from 1044 until 1054 .
Antonio Maria Lucchini or Luchini ( Venice , c. 1690 -- Venice , before 1730 ) was an Italian librettist .
In the monologue of the Apology , Socrates states he was active for Athens in the battles of Amphipolis , Delium , and Potidaea .
Daniel Whitehead Hicky , known to friends as Jack Hicky , ( December 6 , 1900 -- July , 1976 ) was a prominent Atlanta poet , world traveler , and businessman , who in his day was `` the toast of the literati '' and `` one of the most widely published poets in America '' .
As the spiritual axis shifted to America , Christopher Hills visited his friend Laura Huxley who urged him to move to the United States where he settled in Boulder Creek , California , and became a U.S. citizen .
Jean Seignemartin ( 16 April 1848 , Lyon - 29 November 1875 , Algiers ) was a French painter of the Lyon School .
Kosta Hakman spent the final three years of his life in Opatija , where he died on 9 December 1961 , of a heart condition .
Wilson Eyre , Jr. ( October 30 , 1858 - Oct. 23 , 1944 ) was an American architect , teacher and writer who practiced in the Philadelphia area .
Bernardo del Carmen Fregoso Cázares , who worked and lived under the name Carmelo Torres Fregoso ( July 16 , 1927 in La Barca , Jalisco , Mexico -- January 29 , 2003 in Caracas , Venezuela ) was a matador , businessman , journalist , author and TV producer .
Giacomo Panizza ( 27 March 1804 -- 1 May 1860 ) was a conductor at La Scala , Milan for 13 years , during which time , he composed two operas and thirteen ballets .
Rolf Kauka ( 9 April 1917 in Markranstädt , Saxony -- 13 September 2000 in Thomasville , Georgia ) was a comic artist , most famous for the series Fix and Foxi .
William Henry Finlay ( born 17 June 1849 in Liverpool ; died 7 December 1924 in Cape Town , South Africa ) was a South African astronomer .
Trinity Loren ( born Joyce Evelyn McPherson ; August 21 , 1964 in La Jolla , California -- October 25 , 1998 ) was a pornographic film actor , model , and stripper .
Alice Gurschner ( née Pollak , 8 October 1869 , Vienna -- 26 March 1944 , Vienna ) was an Austrian writer .
Frans Anneessens ( in Dutch ) or in French François Anneessens ( Brussels , 25 February 1660 -- Brussels , 19 September 1719 ) was dean of a Brussels guild .
Lazarus Spengler ( March 13 , 1479 in Nuremberg -- September 7 , 1534 in Nuremberg ) was a prominent supporter of Martin Luther and leader of the Protestant Reformation in Nuremberg , as well as a famous hymnwriter .
Antoniotto di Montaldo ( 1368 - 25 July 1398 ) was the doge of Genoa on two occasions between 1392 and 1394 .
Russell Lee Smith ( February 6 , 1947 -- May 24 , 1975 ) was an American spree killer who killed two people and wounded nine others in Dayton , Ohio , United States on May 24 , 1975 .
Susan Paul ( 1809 - -1841 ) was an African - American abolitionist from Boston , Massachusetts .
Hanns In der Gand was the pen name of Ladislaus Krupski ( born 25 February 1882 in La Vernaz , France ( formerly Savoy ) ; died 24 May 1947 in Zumikon , canton of Zurich ) was a Swiss folklorist and collector of traditional and military songs .
Samuel Earnshaw ( 1 February 1805 , Sheffield , Yorkshire -- 6 December 1888 , Sheffield , Yorkshire ) was an English clergyman and mathematician , noted for his contributions to theoretical physics , especially `` Earnshaw 's Theorem '' .
Maung Khin was born to Kya Hnaing and Po Kyaw in Rangoon ( Yangon ) in 1872 , twenty years after the British had captured Lower Burma .
José de Bustamante y Guerra ( Corvera de Toranzo , Cantabria 1 April 1759 -- Madrid 10 March 1825 ) , sometimes referred to simply as Bustamante , was a Spanish naval officer , explorer , and politician .
Pedro Pablo Figueroa Luna ( born December 25 , 1857 in Copiapó , Chile ; died 1906 in Santiago ) was a Chilean writer and researcher .
Theodoret of Cyrus or Cyrrhus ( Greek : Θεοδώρητος Κύρρου ; c. AD 393 -- c. 458/466 ) was an influential theologian of the School of Antioch , biblical commentator , and Christian bishop of Cyrrhus ( 423 - -457 ) .
Albert M. Bender ( 1866 - -1941 ) was a leading patron of the arts in San Francisco in the 1920s and 1930s , who played a key role in the early career of Ansel Adams and was one of Diego Rivera 's first American patrons .
Nicolas René Berryer , comte de La Ferrière ( 4 March 1703 , Paris -- 15 August 1762 , Versailles ) was a French magistrate and politician .
Leung Sheung ( Chinese : 梁相 ; 1918 - 1978 ) was a Chinese martial artist who studied Wing Chun Kung Fu who is known as the senior - most student of Yip Man ( 葉問 ) in Hong Kong .
Arthur Lennox Ochse ( 11 October 1899 in Graaff - Reinet , Cape Province -- 5 May 1949 in Middelburg , Cape Province ) was a South African cricketer who played in three Tests in 1927 - -28 and 1929 .
Eduard Van De Walle ( 12 July 1932 -- 6 February 2016 ) , known by his stage name Eddy Wally , was a Belgian singer from Zelzate , East Flanders , and the once self - proclaimed `` Voice of Europe '' .
René Carmille ( born Trémolat , Dordogne , 1886 ; died Dachau , Bavaria , January 25 , 1945 ) was a punched card computer expert and comptroller general of the French Army in the early 20th century .
Simón Bajour also Szymsia Bajour ( born Szymon Bachórz ) ( April 4 , 1928 , Nasierowo Górne or Nasielsk , Poland - February 8 , 2005 , Buenos Aires , Argentina ) was a Jewish Polish - Argentine violinist who was known for both his popular and classical repertoires .
Ippolita Trivulzio ( 1600 -- 20 June 1638 ) was the wife of Honoré II of Monaco and was the first Monegasque consort to bear the title of Princess .
Cornelis Kiliaan ( 1528 , Duffel -- 1607 , Antwerp ) , was a 16th - century lexicographer , linguist , translator and poet of the Southern Netherlands .
Agostino Ciasca ( secular name Pasquale ) ( born at Polignano a Mare , in the province of Bari , 7 May 1835 ; died at Rome , 6 February 1902 ) was an Italian Augustinian and Cardinal .
Benito Quinquela Martín ( March 1 , 1890 -- January 28 , 1977 ) was an Argentine painter born in La Boca , Buenos Aires .
Henry Luyten ( Hendrik Luyten , 21 May 1859 , in Roermond -- 21 January 1945 , in Brasschaat ) was a Dutch - born Belgian painter .
Werner von Trapp became a naturalized United States citizen while serving in the United States Army , initially serving with the 101st Infantry Battalion and later the 10th Mountain division in Italy during World War II . He then became a dairy farmer before eventually retiring in Waitsfield , Vermont .
Born in 1894 in Kyustendil to an affluent family , Dimitar Peshev had studied languages in Saloniki and law in Sofia .
Jakov of Zadar ( Italian : Giacomo Illirico or Giacomo Varingez ; c. 1400 -- April 27 , 1485 ) is a blessed of the Roman Catholic Church , Franciscan monk and patron of the Italian town of Bitetto .
Giuseppe Zocchi ( Italian pronunciation : ( dʒuˈzɛppe ˈdzɔkki ) , c. 1711 - -1767 ) was an Italian painter and printmaker , active in Florence , and best known for his vedute of the city .
Ernest Bruce Digby - Worsley was born on 6 February 1899 in Gloucester , England and died in 1980 in Hastings , England .
Adalberto Almeida y Merino ( Bachíniva , Chihuahua , June 6 , 1916 - Chihuahua , Chihuahua , June 21 , 2008 ) was a Mexican prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Bishop of Tulancingo , 1956 - -1962 ;
Philippe de Luxembourg ( 1445 - -1519 ) was a French Cardinal He was bishop of Le Mans in 1476 .
Federico Barocci ( c. 1526 in Urbino -- 1612 in Urbino ) was an Italian Renaissance painter and printmaker .
In the early morning of January 30 , 2008 , Herbert Kenwith died at his home in Century City , Los Angeles , CA .
Tan Siew Sin died on 17 March 1988 in Kuala Lumpur , and was buried in the family burial ground in Malacca .
Karl Schenkl ( Brno , 11 December 1827 - Graz , 20 September 1900 ) was an Austrian classical philologist .
Camille - Christophe Gerono ( 1799 in Paris , France -- 1891 in Paris ) was a French mathematician .
Irmengard of Oettingen ( c. 1304 -- 6 November 1389 in Worms , Germany ) was a princess of the Counts von Oettingen by birth , and by marriage , Countess Palatine of the Rhine and , as a widow , a Dominican nun .
Godfrey Edward Arnold , born as Gottfried Eduard Arnold ( born Olmütz / then Austria - Hungary January 6 , 1914 , died Vienna July 5 , 1989 ) was an Austrian American professor of medicine and researcher .
Lucien Goethals was born in Ghent , but spent his formative years in Argentina , where he studied at the Dima Conservatory of Buenos Aires .
Lyuben Dilov ( 1927 , Cherven Bryag - 10 June 2008 , Sofia ) , also known as Luben Dilov and Ljuben Dilov was a Bulgarian science - fiction writer .
Johann Georg von Soldner ( 16 July 1776 in Feuchtwangen , Ansbach -- 13 May 1833 in Bogenhausen , Berlin ) was a German physicist , mathematician and astronomer , first in Berlin and later in 1808 in Munich .
Erika Nõva née Volberg ( 4 April 1905 , Muuksi -- 22 April 1987 , Tallinn ) was an Estonian architect , remembered mainly for her farmhouse designs .
Romuald Joubé died in 1949 at the age of age 73 in Gisors , Eure , France .
Nicoletto Vernia ( ca . 1420 , in Chieti -- October 31 , 1499 , in Vicenza ) was an Italian Averroist philosopher , at the University of Padua .
Karl Kurz ( born November 21 , 1898 - died November 26 , 1933 in Basel , Switzerland ) was an Austrian football player and manager .
Bram Bart died at the age of 49 , in the University Hospital Leuven , Belgium .
Jaroslav Havlíček ( February 3 , 1896 , Jilemnice - April 7 , 1943 , Prague ) was a Czech novelist .
Konstantīns Pēkšēns ( born 3 March 1859 , Mazsalaca parish , Russian Empire -- died 23 June 1928 , Bad Kissingen , Weimar Republic ) is one of the most prominent Latvian architects of all times .
Ferdinand Wolf ( 8 December 1796 , Vienna - 18 February 1866 , Vienna ) was a romanist from Austria .
Friedrich Bleek ( July 4 , 1793 in Ahrensbök in Holstein ( a village near Lübeck ) -- February 27 , 1859 in Bonn ) , German was a Biblical scholar .
He was born in Venice , the son of Francesco di Daniele Barbaro and Elena Pisani , daughter of the banker Alvise Pisani and Cecilia Giustinian .
Stefan Rozental ( 13 August 1903 , Łódź - 2 August 1994 , Copenhagen ) , was a nuclear physicist , specialising in quantum mechanics .
Albin Dunajewski ( born 1 March 1817 in Stanisławów - 19 June 1894 in Kraków ) was a Bishop of Kraków , Poland , as well as charitable patron and high - profile social activist .
Giovanni Andrea Sirani ( 4 September 1610 -- 21 May 1670 ) was an Italian Baroque painter from Bologna .
Filippo De Nobili ( September 23 , 1876 in Catanzaro - February 7 , 1962 in Catanzaro ) was an Italian writer .
Ludwig Meyn ( 1 October 1820 , Pinneberg−4 . November 1878 , Uetersen ) , was a German agricultural scientist , soil scientist , geologist , journalist and mineralogist .
Renat Nelli ( Occitan pronunciation : ( reˈnad ˈnelːi ) ) , who was born in Carcassonne , Aude in 1896 and died in 1982 , was one of the major Occitan authors of the 20th century .
Gabriela Preissová , née Gabriela Sekerová , sometimes used pen name Matylda Dumontová ( March 23 , 1862 in Kutná Hora -- March 27 , 1946 in Prague ) , was a Czech writer and playwright .
Greg Shaw ( January 1949 -- October 19 , 2004 ) was a Los Angeles - based fanzine publisher , magazine editor , music historian and record label owner .
Emmi Pikler ( born 9 January 1902 in Vienna ; died 6 June 1984 in Budapest , birth name Emilie Madleine Reich ) was a Hungarian pediatrician who introduced new theories of infant education , and put them into practice at an orphanage she ran .
Van Snowden died from cancer on September 22 , 2010 , at St. Joseph 's Hospital in Burbank , California , at the age of 71 .
Antonio Gai ( Born 3 May 1686 -- 4 June , 1769 ) was an Italian sculptor , active in his native Venice and Veneto during the late - Baroque period .
Genereux was born in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , the son of Catherine Mary ( née Devine ) , a nurse who was originally from Mount Carmel , Pennsylvania , and Dr. Arthur George Genereux .
Murtuza Mukhtarov ( Azerbaijani : Murtuza Muxtarov ) ( 1865 -- 1920 ) was an Azerbaijani oil industrialist and millionaire who built the Mukhtarov Palace in Baku and the Mukhtarov Mosque in Vladikavkaz .
Giuseppe Sciuti ( Zafferana Etnea , Sicily , February 26 , 1834- Rome , March 13 , 1911 ) was an Italian painter .
Antoine Le Grand ( 1629 , in Douai -- 1699 , in London ) was a French Recollect and Cartesian philosopher .
Geoffrey Barraclough ( 10 May 1908 , Bradford -- 26 December 1984 , Burford ) was an English historian , known as a medievalist and historian of Germany .
Olof Wilhelm Peterson - Berger ( 27 February 1867 , Ullånger , Ångermanland -- 3 December 1942 , Östersund ) was a Swedish composer and music critic .
Giacinto Platania ( Acireale , circa 1612 - 1691 ) was an Italian painter
Blessed Luigi Biraghi ( 2 November 1801 -- 11 August 1879 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic priest who served in his home of Milan .
Antonio Garbiglietti ( 30 November 1807 , Biella -- 24 January 1887 , Turin ) was an Italian entomologist who specialised in Heteroptera .
Hans Robert Jauss ( German : Jauß ; 21 December 1921 in Göppingen -- 1 March 1997 in Konstanz ) was a German academic , notable for his work in reception theory and medieval and modern French literature .
Jos Hinsen ( Rijkevorsel , Belgium , 14 April 1931 - Turnhout , Belgium , 15 March 2009 ) was a Dutch professional road bicycle racer .
Michele Cammarano ( 25 February 1835 , Naples - 15 September 1920 , Naples ) was an Italian painter who was best known for his battle scenes , although he worked with a wide variety of subjects .
Edward Bouchet was born at home in New Haven , Connecticut , to parents William and Susan ( Cooley ) Bouchet .
Ira Murchison died of cancer in Harvey , Illinois , aged 61 .
Giovanni Domenico Lombardi ( 1682 - -1751 ) was an Italian painter of the late - Baroque period in Lucca .
Herold Georg Wilhelm Johannes Schweickerdt ( 29 February 1903 , Schmie , Baden - Württemberg - 21 February 1977 , Pretoria ) was a German botanist .
Charles Luckman ( May 16 , 1909 in Kansas City -- January 26 , 1999 in Los Angeles ) was an American businessman and an American architect , famous as the `` Boy Wonder of American Business '' when he was named president of the Pepsodent toothpaste company in 1939 at the age of 30 .
Jean - Étienne Guettard ( 22 September 1715 -- 7 January 1786 ) , French naturalist and mineralogist , was born at Étampes , near Paris .
Jacinto Guerrero ( 16 August 1895 Ajofrín , Toledo , Spain -- 15 September 1951 Madrid , Spain ) , was a prolific composer of zarzuelas and revues , as well as some orchestral compositions .
Ignasi de Solà - Morales Rubió ( Barcelona 1942 - Amsterdam 2001 ) was a Catalan architect , historian and philosopher .
Manuel Antonio de Varona y Loredo ( November 25 , 1908 in Camagüey , Cuba - October 29 , 1992 in Miami , Florida , USA ) was a Cuban lawyer and politician .
August Abendroth ( b Hamburg , 6 October 1796 , d 19 March 1867 ) was a Hamburg jurist , merchant and philanthropist .
Benjamín Solari Parravicini ( 1898 - -1974 ) , born in Buenos Aires , Argentina on August 8 , was an artist .
Luca Longhi ( 14 January 1507 -- August 12 , 1580 ) was an Italian painter of the late - Renaissance or Mannerist period , active in and near Ravenna , where he mainly produced religious paintings and portraits .
Ferrantino Malatesta ( 1258 -- 12 November 1353 ) was a lord of Rimini and several other lands in northern Italy , a member of the Malatesta family .
Gordon Cheesbrough died at Toronto General Hospital after a short battle with lymphoma on June 23 , 2010 .
Walerian Łukasiński ( 15 April 1786 , in Warsaw -- 27 January 1868 , Shlisselburg ) was a Polish officer and political activist .
Eleonore Prochaska ( 11 March 1785 , Potsdam - 5 October 1813 , Dannenberg ) was a German woman soldier who fought in the Prussian army against Napoleon during the War of the Sixth Coalition .
Jeanne - Irène Biya died in office in Yaoundé at age 57 .
Michel Ange Houasse ( Paris , 1680 -- Arpajon , 1730 ) was a French painter , most of whose career was spent at the court of Philip V of Spain , who summoned him to the court in Madrid in 1715 whilst he was still Philip of Anjou .
Charles Nagel ( August 9 , 1849 -- January 5 , 1940 ) was a United States politician and lawyer from St. Louis , Missouri .
Kamala Bhattacharya ( Bengali : কমলা ভট্টাচার্য ) was an Indian student who was martyred in the Bengali Language Movement in Silchar in 1961 .
Bela Hubbard ( April 23 , 1814 -- June 13 , 1896 ) was a 19th - century naturalist , geologist , writer , historian , surveyor , explorer , lawyer , real estate dealer , lumberman and civic leader of early Detroit , Michigan .
Anna Lühring ( 3 August 1796 , in Bremen -- 25 August 1866 , in Hamburg ) ( sometimes wrongly referred to as Anna Lührmann ) was a soldier in the Prussian army during the Napoleonic Wars .
Giovanni d'Alemagna ( died 1450 ) was a German painter , active in Italy , who collaborated with his brother - in - law Antonio Vivarini on various important religious paintings in Venice and Padua .
Georg Schambach ( 9 January 1811 , Göttingen -- 15 April 1879 , Einbeck ) was a German educator and folklorist .
Nicolas Mathieu ( born 164?- died 30 March 1706 , Paris ) was a noted music collector and a Catholic priest of the Église Saint - André - des - Arts in Paris from 1681 until his death .
He hosted Dining Around with Gene Burns , a Wine and cheese program , which aired Saturdays on NewsTalk 810 AM in San Francisco .
Giuseppe Samonà ( 1898 - -1983 ) was an Italian architect and urban planner , whose notable works include the post office in the Appio quarter of Rome ( built 1933 - -6 ) , the Banca d'Italia in Padua ( 1968 ) and a theatre in Sciacca , Sicily ( 1974 - -9 ) .
Lorenzo Guerrero Gutiérrez ( 13 November 1900 in Granada -- 15 April 1981 ) was a Nicaraguan politician and a close associate of Somoza family .
Ellis Rabb ( June 20 , 1930 , Memphis , Tennessee -- January 11 , 1998 , Memphis , Tennessee ) was an American actor and director who in 1959 formed the Association of Producing Artists , a theatre company that brought new works and noteworthy revivals to Broadway and to regional theatres .
Edith Heath died on December 27 , 2005 at her home in Tiburon , California .
Jan Marek Marci FRS ( 13 June 1595 -- 10 April 1667 ) , or Johannes ( Greek : Ioannes ) Marcus Marci , was a Bohemian doctor and scientist , rector of the University of Prague , and official physician to the Holy Roman Emperors .
Ahmed Bahnini ( Arabic : أحمد بحنيني ; l909 , Fes -- 10 July 1971 , Rabat ) studied at the University of Al - Karaouine , Abdeslam Serghini was his professor .
Enos Lowe ( May 5 , 1804 - -February 13 , 1880 ) was a pioneer doctor and businessman who was among the original founders of Omaha , Nebraska and served as president of the Second Iowa Constitutional Convention .
Aldo Semerari ( Martina Franca , 1921 − Ottaviano , 1 April 1981 ) was an Italian criminologist , psychiatrist and political diplomat of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta .
Giambattista Altieri was born 20 June 1589 in Rome , the son of Lorenzo Altieri and Victoria Delphini , a Venetian lady .
Jacques Thuillier , ( March 18 , 1928 , Vaucouleurs , Meuse -- October 18 , 2011 , Paris ) was a French art historian specializing in 17th - century French painting .
Horst Bienek ( May 7 , 1930 , Gleiwitz -- December 7 , 1990 , Munich ) was a German novelist and poet .
Antonín Vranický , Germanized as Anton Wranitzky , and also seen as Wranizky ( June 13 , 1761 in Nová Říše -- August 6 , 1820 in Vienna ) , was a famous Czech violinist and composer of the 18th century .
Arvīds Jansons ( 10 October 1914 in Liepāja -- 21 November 1984 in Manchester ) was a Latvian conductor and father of conductor Mariss Jansons .
Alois Dryák ( 24 February 1872 in Olšany - 6 June 1932 in Prague ) was Czech architect and professor of ornamental design .
Hector Hodler ( 1 October 1887 , in Geneva -- 31 March 1920 , in Leysin , Switzerland ) was a Swiss Esperantist who had a strong influence on the early Esperanto movement .
Gilbert Percy Whitley ( 9 June 1903 -- 18 July 1975 ) was a British - born Australian ichthyologist and malacologist who was Curator of Fishes at the Australian Museum in Sydney for about 40 years .
Kafunga died on November 17 , 1991 , in Belo Horizonte , after suffering five strokes .
Eduard Heis ( 18 February 1806 , Cologne -- 30 June 1877 in Münster ) was a German mathematician and astronomer .
Adolfo Feragutti Visconti ( Pura , Canton Ticino , 1850 -- Milan , 1924 ) was an Italian / Swiss painter , of eclectic styles and subjects , including orientalist themes , genre works , and landscapes .
Giovanni Lilliu ( born in Barumini , Italy on 13 March 1914 -- died in Cagliari , 19 February 2012 ) , was a renowned archeologist , academician , publicist and politician and public figure and an expert of the Nuragic civilization .
Jacob Jan van der Maaten ( Elburg , 4 January 1820 -- Apeldoorn , 16 April 1879 ) was a Dutch painter and etcher .
Jimmy McDougall was Procurator Fiscal in Dumfries when Pan Am Flight 103 crashed at Lockerbie , Scotland , on 21 December 1988 killing all 243 passengers and 16 crew on board , as well as 11 people in the town of Lockerbie .
Claus Breger was wounded on 16 December 1944 and died the next day in Aachen , Germany .
Ludwig Philipp Scharwenka ( 16 February 1847 , Samter , Grand Duchy of Posen -- 16 July 1917 , Bad Nauheim ) was a German composer and teacher of music .
Fritz Ascher ( 17 October 1893 in Berlin , Germany -- 26 March 1970 in Berlin , Germany ) was a German Expressionist , whose artwork is characterized by bold brushstrokes and expressionist colors combined with a strong commitment to authenticity .
Claudio Scarchilli ( 10 February 1924 , Rome -- 25 July 1992 ) was an Italian film actor who appeared in film throughout the 1960s .
Pierre Brambilla ( 12 May 1919 at Villarbeney in Switzerland -- 13 February 1984 at Grenoble , France ) is a former French former professional road bicycle racer .
John II of Rosenberg ( nicknamed : the peaceful ; Czech : Jan II . `` Pokojný '' z Rožmberka ; 1434 -- 8 November 1472 , Ortenburg ) was a member of the House of Rosenberg .
Svatopluk Čech ( February 21 , 1846 in Ostředek near Benešov -- February 23 , 1908 in Prague ) was a Czech writer , journalist and poet .
A road in Carrasco , Montevideo , is named after Máximo Tajes .
He was born Charles Wyndham Standing in London , England and died in Los Angeles , California .
Henri Sarolea ( January 18 , 1844 , Maastricht -- September 12 , 1900 , Heerlen ) , was a Dutch railway entrepreneur and contractor who settled in Heerlen after having worked on the railways in the Dutch East Indies ( now Indonesia ) .
Charles Francis Coghlan died in Galveston , Texas , on November 27 , 1899 , after a month 's illness .
Pachacuti Inca Yupanqui or Pachacutec ( in hispanicized spellings ) or Pachakutiq Inka Yupanki ( Quechua ) was the ninth Sapa Inca ( 1438 - -1471/1472 ) of the Kingdom of Cusco which he transformed into the Inca Empire ( Tawantinsuyu ) .
Vicente Antonio García de la Huerta ( 9 March 1734 , Zafra - 12 March 1787 , Madrid ) was a Spanish dramatist , educated at Salamanca .
Hans Ertel ( March 24 , 1904 in Berlin -- July 2 , 1971 in Berlin ) was a German natural scientist and a pioneer in geophysics , meteorology and hydrodynamics .
James Schwarzenbach who was also a writer of regional novels , died at 83 in St. Moritz .
Hippolyte Aucouturier ( 17 October 1876 in La Celle , Allier , France -- 22 April 1944 in Paris , France ) was a French professional road bicycle racer .
James Orton ( 21 April 1830 , Seneca Falls , New York -- 25 September 1877 , Lake Titicaca , Peru ) was an American naturalist who contributed much to the knowledge of South America and the Amazon basin .
Alexander Winton , in Cleveland , Ohio invented the world 's first semi - truck in 1898 and sold his first manufactured semi - truck in 1899 He was inducted into the Automotive Hall of Fame , and National Inventors Hall of Fame .
After many years living in Charlottesville , Virginia , Eleanor Ross Taylor last resided in Falls Church , Virginia .
Nevada Stoody Hayes ( 21 October 1885 at Sandyville , Ohio , -- 11 January 1941 at Tampa , Florida ) , sometimes called Nevada de Bragança , was an American socialite who became the wife of Infante Afonso , Duke of Porto , whose nephew , Manuel II , was the last king of Portugal .
On July 28 , 1938 , Lampião and his band were betrayed by one of his supporters , Joca Bernardes , and were ambushed in one of his hideouts , the Angicos farm , in the state of Sergipe .
Kustaa Artturi Järviluoma ( b. August 9 , 1879 in Alavus - d. January 31 , 1942 in Helsinki ) was a Finnish journalist , screenwriter and author .
Pieter Pietersz II ( 1578 in Haarlem -- 1631 in Amsterdam ) , was a Dutch Golden Age painter .
Juan Pérez de la Serna ( 1570 in Cervera , Spain -- August 8 , 1631 in Zamora , Spain ) , was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Archbishop of Zamora ( 1627 - -1631 ) and as the seventh Archbishop of Mexico ( 1613 - -1627 ) .
Alain de Weck grew up in Crans - Montana , attended the Collège Calvin in Geneva and later completed his Baccalauréat in classical studies at the Collège Saint - Michel in Fribourg in 1947 .
Wilhelm Kress ( July 29 , 1836 in Saint Petersburg - February 24 , 1913 in Vienna ) was an aviation pioneer and an early aircraft designer .
She was born in London as Julia Myra Hess , and at the age of five began to study the piano .
Princess Cecylia Lubomirska ( 28 June 1907 , Poręba Wielka , Poland -- 20 September 2001 , São Paulo , Brazil ) was a Princess Lubomirska by birth and a Princess of Bourbon - Two Sicilies through her marriage to Prince Gabriel of Bourbon - Two Sicilies .
François Pierre Hippolyte Ernest Breton , a French artist and archaeologist , was born in Paris in 1812 .
Knocky Parker ( August 8 , 1918 , Palmer , Ellis Co. , Texas - September 3 , 1986 , Los Angeles ) , born John William Parker , II , was an American jazz pianist .
Victor Capesius ( February 7 , 1907 Reußmarkt , Transylvania ( Hungary ) -- March 20 , 1985 Göppingen , Germany ) was a Nazi SS - Sturmbannführer ( Major ) and KZ - Apotheker ( concentration camp pharmacist ) in the concentration camps of Dachau ( 1943 - -1944 ) and Auschwitz ( 1944 - 1945 ) .
João Carlos de Oliveira , also known as `` João do Pulo '' ( born in Pindamonhangaba , São Paulo , Brazil May 28 , 1954 -- May 29 , 1999 in São Paulo , Brazil ) was a Brazilian athlete who competed in the triple jump and the long jump .
Glenn W. Ferguson ( January 28 , 1929 in Syracuse , New York - December 20 , 2007 in Santa Fe , New Mexico ) was an American diplomat and university president .
Félix - Sébastien Feuillet de Conches ( 4 December 1798 -- 5 February 1887 in Paris ) was a French diplomat , journalist , writer and collector .
Arturo Falaschi ( 21 January 1933 , Rome -- 1 June 2010 , Montopoli in Val d'Arno ) was an Italian geneticist .
Henri François Pittier de Fabrega ( August 13 1857 , Bex , Switzerland - January 27 1950 , Caracas , Venezuela ) was a Swiss - born geographer and botanist .
Edward Oliver Essig ( 29 September 1884 Arcadia , Indiana - 23 November 1964 , Lafayette , California ) was an American entomologist who specialized in Hemiptera .
Charles wrote almost nothing about mathematics , and most of what has been credited to him was due to mistaking him with another Jacques Charles , also a member of the Paris Academy of Sciences , entering on May 12 , 1785 .
Willem Hondius or Willem Hondt ( ca . 1598 in The Hague -- 1652 or 1658 in Gdańsk ) was a Dutch engraver , cartographer and painter who spent most of his life in Poland .
Alice White ( August 24 , 1904 , Paterson , New Jersey -- February 19 , 1983 , Los Angeles , California ) was an American film actress .
Jacques Réattu ( 3 August 1760 , Arles - 7 April 1833 , Arles ) was a French painter and winner of the grand prix de Rome .
Henri Barbé ( 14 March 1902 , Paris -- 24 May 1966 , Paris ) was a French Communist .
Debendranath Tagore was born to the Tagore family in Jorasanko , popularly known as Jorasanko Thakur Bari in North - western Kolkata , which was later converted into a campus of the Rabindra Bharati University .
Jorge Mayer ( 20 November 1915 -- 25 December 2010 ) was the Roman Catholic Archbishop of the Archdiocese of Bahía Blanca , Argentina from 1972 to 1991 .
Peter Hänsel ( born 29 November 1770 in Leppe , Silesia Province ; d. 18 September 1831 in Vienna ) was a German - Austrian violinist and classical composer of almost exclusively chamber music .
Martin Drolling ( Oberhergheim , 1752 -- Paris , 1817 , aka Drolling the Elder ) was a French painter .
Gustav von Bunge ( 19 January 1844 , Dorpat -- 5 November 1920 , Basel ) was a German physiologist known for work in the field of nutrition physiology .
Howard Brookner was born April 30 , 1954 in New York City and grew up in Great Neck , Long Island .
Edoardo Mascheroni ( born Milan , September 4 , 1852 - died Valganna , March 4 , 1941 ) was an Italian composer and conductor .
Joe Curl ( December 1 , 1954 -- April 14 , 2014 ) was an American women 's basketball coach at the University of Houston .
Alvin F. Waller ( 1808 - -1872 ) was an American missionary in Oregon Country and an early leader at Willamette University in Salem , Oregon .
Wilhelm Stählin ( 24 September 1883 , Gunzenhausen , Bavaria - 16 December 1975 , Prien am Chiemsee , Bavaria ) was a German Lutheran theologian , bishop , preacher and one of the major initiators of the Liturgical Movement in German Protestantism in the 20th Century .
Macar Hacı Hasan Pasha ( also known as Uzun Hasan Pasha ( Hasan Pasha the Tall ) or Macar Hasan Pasha ( Hasan Pasha the Hungarian ) or Hacı Hasan Pasha ( Hajji Hasan Pasha ) or Kazıkçı Macar Hacı Hasan Pasha ; died 1768 , Belgrade ) was an Ottoman statesman and admiral .
Valentino Siani ( c.1595 - -1672 ) was an Italian violinmaker who worked in Brescia and Florence .
Kalevi Kotkas ( 10 August 1913 in Tallinn -- 24 August 1983 in Vantaa ) was a Finnish athlete , specializing in high jump , discus throw and shot put .
Pierre Flotte or Pierre Flote ( Languedoc , second half of the 13th century -- Kortrijk , July 11 , 1302 ) was a French legalist , Chancellor and Keeper of the Seals of Philip IV the Fair .
Cosme Damián de Churruca y Elorza ( Mutriku , 27 September 1761 -- Battle of Trafalgar , 21 October 1805 ) was a Basque Spanish noble , an Admiral of the Royal Spanish Armada , scientist and Mayor of Mutriku , who died at the Battle of Trafalgar while commanding the ship of the line San Juan Nepomuceno .
Hans Hartmann - MacLean ( born Hans Rudolf Hartmann ; 20 May 1862 in Dresden -- 28 December 1946 in Dresden ) was a German sculptor .
Paul Petiet ( 24 July 1770 in Châtillon - sur - Seine -- 20 December 1849 in Limoux ) was a French adjutant - general during the Napoleonic Wars .
Steven Blankaart ( 24 October 1650 , Middelburg -- 23 February 1704 , Amsterdam ) , was a Dutch physician , Iatrochemist , and entomologist , who worked on the same field as Jan Swammerdam .
Cangrande II della Scala ( 8 June 1332 -- 14 December 1359 ) was Lord of Verona from 1351 until his death .
František Sušil ( 14 June 1804 in Rousínov , Moravia - 31 May 1868 in Bystřice pod Hostýnem ) was a Moravian Roman Catholic priest most noted for his published collection of traditional Moravian folk music , Moravské národní písně , which contained 2091 songs and 2361 texts .
Job Charnock ( c. 1630 - -1692 ) was an employee and an administrator of the English East India Company , and traditionally regarded as the founder of the city of Calcutta , now Kolkata .
William Gibson Sloan ( 4 September 1838 in Dalry , North Ayrshire , Scotland -- 4 September 1914 in Tórshavn , Faroe Islands ) , was a Plymouth Brethren evangelist to the Faroe Islands and Shetland .
Cansignorio della Scala ( 5 March 1340 -- 19 October 1375 ) was Lord of Verona from 1359 until 1375 , initially together with his brother Paolo Alboino .
Walter Masing ( born 22 June 1915 in Petrograd -- died 29 March 2004 in Erbach ) was a German physicist and honorary president of the German Association for Quality .
Sibylle of Bavaria ( 16 June 1489 -- 18 April 1519 in Heidelberg ) was a member of the House of Wittelsbach was a princess of Bavaria - Munich and by marriage Electress Palatine .
Alceu Amoroso Lima ( Petrópolis , December 11 , 1893 -- Rio de Janeiro , August 14 , 1983 ) was a writer , journalist , activist from Brazil and founder of the Brazilian Christian Democracy .
Leonhard Beck ( c. 1480 -- 1542 ) was a painter and designer of woodcuts in Augsburg , Germany .
Lon Nol fled from Cambodia to Indonesia and then to the United States ; first settling in Hawaii and in 1979 in Fullerton , California .
Erinnerungen aus den Jahren 1837 , 1838 und 1839 , 2 Bände , Frankfurt am Main , 1841 Felix Lichnowsky :
Fadil Paçrami ( born Shkodër , May 25 , 1922 -- died Tirana , January 16 , 2008 ) was an Albanian politician , writer and playwright .
Robert Pötzelberger ( 9 June 1856 , Vienna -- 2 August 1930 , Reichenau , Baden - Württemberg ) was an Austrian painter , sculptor and lithographer .
Johann Nobis ( born 16 April 1899 , St. Georgen bei Salzburg , Austria ; died 6 January 1940 , Plötzensee Prison , Berlin , Germany ) was an Austrian conscientious objector .
Jules - Léopold Renouard ( 27 January 1833 -- 7 March 1910 ) was a stock broker , financier and banker from Paris .
Jakub Ignacy Łaszczyński ( 24 July 1791 - -18 September 1865 ) was a Polish regional administrator who , between 1831 and 1837 , held the post of President of Warsaw .
Edward Fitzsimmons Dunne ( October 12 , 1853 -- May 24 , 1937 ) was an American politician who was the 24th Governor of Illinois from 1913 to 1917 and previously served as the 38th mayor of Chicago from April 5 , 1905 to 1907 .
Dan Dodd is a former Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives who represented the 91st District from 2007 to 2010 .
Rajendrasinh Ghanshyamsinh Rana ( born 22 May 1956 ) was a member of the Lok Sabha of India from 1996 to 2014 .
Romanzo E. Davis ( April 8 , 1831 - October 31 , 1908 ) was a farmer and merchant from Middleton , Wisconsin who served as a member of the Wisconsin State Senate from Dane County .
Simon - Pierre Saint - Hillien ( July 6 , 1951 -- July 22 , 2015 ) was a Roman Catholic bishop .
Orso Ipato ( Latin Ursus ) was the third traditional Doge of Venice ( 726 - -737 ) and the first historically known .
Bonaventure Giffard ( 1642 - -1734 ) was a Roman Catholic bishop who served as the Vicar Apostolic of the Midland District of England from 1687 to 1703 and Vicar Apostolic of the London District of England from 1703 to 1734 .
Nestor Assogba ( born February 21 , 1929 in Abomey ) is a retired Beninese Roman Catholic archbishop .
Liam Cosgrave ( born 13 April 1920 ) is a former Irish Fine Gael politician who served as Taoiseach ( 1973 - -77 ) and as Leader of Fine Gael ( 1965 - -77 ) .
Joseph McIlvaine ( October 2 , 1769 -- August 19 , 1826 ) was a United States Senator from New Jersey from 1823 until his death .
Eusebio Ayala ( August 14 , 1875 -- June 4 , 1942 ) was President of Paraguay from 7 November 1921 to 12 April 1923 and again from 15 August 1932 to 17 February 1936 .
Teophilus Seremi ( also spelled Szeremi ; died July 1697 ) was an Orthodox bishop and metropolitan of Bălgrad ( of Transylvania ) between 1692 and 1697 .
Mohammed Abdul Khalek Hassouna ( Arabic : محمد عبد الخالق حسونة‎ ) ( October 28 , 1898 -- January 20 , 1992 ) was an Egyptian diplomat who served as the second Secretary - General of the Arab League from 1952 to 1972 .
Rémi Gaulin ( 30 June 1787 -- 8 May 1857 ) was a Roman Catholic priest and bishop who spent time in the service of Bishop Joseph - Octave Plessis .
Maryon Pittman Allen ( born November 30 , 1925 ) is an American journalist who served as United States Senator from Alabama for five months in 1978 , after her husband , Senator James B. Allen , died in office .
Littleton Waller Tazewell ( December 17 , 1774 -- May 6 , 1860 ) was a U.S. Representative , U.S. Senator from and the 26th Governor of Virginia .
Christopher Del Sesto ( March 10 , 1907 -- December 23 , 1973 ) was a United States politician and a member of the Republican Party , who served as 64th Governor of Rhode Island .
Bernardo Navagero ( Venice 1507- Verona 1565 ) was a Venetian ambassador and a cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church .
Lieutenant General Sir Henry Pottinger , 1st Baronet , GCB , PC ( Chinese : 砵甸乍 ; 3 October 1789 -- 18 March 1856 ) , was an Anglo - Irish soldier and colonial administrator who became the first Governor of Hong Kong .
Lucius Calpurnius Piso ( also known to contemporaries as Lucius Calpurnius Piso the Augur ) ( died AD 24 ) was a Roman senator who was appointed Roman consul in 1 BC , and an augur .
Fernando de Toledo Oropesa ( 1520 - -1590 ) was a Spanish Roman Catholic priest who was made a cardinal but who refused the honor .
Basil of Amasea ( Basileus or Basilius ) was a fourth - century Christian bishop and martyr .
Jaime de Casanova ( died 1504 ) ( called Cardinal Casanova ) was a Spanish Roman Catholic cardinal .
Pierre de Langle ( 6 March 1643 , Evreux- 12 April 1724 , Boulogne - Sur - Mer ) was a French bishop and Jansenist theologian .
Edward Henry Durell ( July 14 , 1810 -- March 29 , 1887 ) was the 25th mayor of New Orleans , and later a United States federal judge .
Louis Payette ( 25 December 1854 -- 19 March 1932 ) was a Canadian construction contractor and politician , the Mayor of Montreal , Quebec between 1908 and 1910 .
Peter of Aquila , O.F.M. , ( Scotellus ) ( d. 1361 ) was an Italian Friar Minor , theologian and bishop .
Pierre Bürcher ( born on December 20 , 1945 in Fiesch , Switzerland ) is a Swiss prelate of the Roman Catholic Church , he was bishop of Diocese of Reykjavík , Iceland .
Devji M Patel is a member of the Lok Sabha , which is the lower house of parliament of India .
William Meade Fishback ( November 5 , 1831 -- February 9 , 1903 ) was the 17th Governor of Arkansas and U.S. Senator - Elect for Arkansas .
Isaac Coleman Lindsey , known as Coleman Lindsey ( October 2 , 1892 -- November 15 , 1968 ) , was a Democratic member of the Louisiana State Senate , a district judge , and from 1939 to 1940 , the lieutenant governor under Governor Earl Kemp Long .
Alessandro Cesarini ( died February 13 , 1542 ) , bishop of Pistoia , was an Italian cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church .
Frank Pace , Jr. ( July 5 , 1912 -- January 8 , 1988 ) was the 3rd United States Secretary of the Army and a business executive .
General Sir Reginald Alexander Dallas Brooks GCMG KCB KCVO DSO KStJ ( 22 August 1896 -- 22 March 1966 ) was a British military commander who went on to become the 19th and longest - serving Governor of Victoria , Australia .
Gaius Flaminius Nepos was a politician and consul of the Roman Republic in the 3rd century BC . He was the greatest popular leader to challenge the authority of the Senate prior to the Gracchi a century later .
DeWitt Clinton ( March 2 , 1769 -- February 11 , 1828 ) was an American politician and naturalist who served as a United States Senator and was the sixth Governor of New York .
Farzad Nazem ( Persian : فرزاد ناظم‎ ) ( born 1961 ) , also known as Zod Nazem , was Yahoo ! 's chief technology officer and one of its longest - serving executives .
William Livingston ( November 30 , 1723 -- July 25 , 1790 ) served as the Governor of New Jersey ( 1776 - -1790 ) during the American Revolutionary War and was a signer of the United States Constitution .
Pablo Abeita ( 1871 - -1940 ) was the governor of Isleta Pueblo in New Mexico , United States , during the decades that Father Anton Docher , known as `` The Padre of Isleta , '' served there .
Roy Clyde Clark ( July 24 , 1920 - May 27 , 2014 ) is a retired American bishop of the United Methodist Church , elected in 1980 .
Varyon Cullie Shannon , known as V. C. Shannon ( May 2 , 1910 - June 1 , 1989 ) , was a Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from Shreveport in Caddo Parish in northwestern Louisiana .
John Kemp ( c. 1380 -- 22 March 1454 ) was a medieval English cardinal , Archbishop of Canterbury , and Lord Chancellor of England .
John Alan Berthelot , known as Johnny Berthelot ( born November 1951 ) , is a Republican member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from District 88 , based in his hometown of Gonzales in eastern Ascension Parish near Baton Rouge , Louisiana .
José de la Cruz Porfirio Díaz Mori ( Spanish pronunciation : ( porˈfiɾjo ði.as ) ; 15 September 1830 -- 2 July 1915 ) was a Mexican soldier and politician , who served seven terms as President of Mexico ; a total of three and a half decades from 1876 to 1911 .
Emmanuel Marie Louis de Noailles , marquis de Noailles ( 1743 - -1822 ) was a French diplomat and ambassador to Hamburg from 1768 to 1770 , to Amsterdam from 1770 to 1776 , to London 1776 - -1783 , and to Vienna 1783 - -1792 .
Abuzed Omar Dorda ( Arabic : أبو زيد عمر دوردة‎ ) ( born 4 April 1944 ) was General Secretary of the People 's Committee ( Prime Minister ) of Libya from 7 October 1990 to 29 January 1994 , and as Libya 's Permanent Representative to the United Nations from 1997 to 2003 .
Nebka is the birth name of an Ancient Egyptian king ( pharaoh ) who ruled during the 3rd dynasty of the Old Kingdom .
James Anthony Goolsby , known as Tony Goolsby ( born November 9 , 1933 ) , is a businessman in Dallas , Texas , who was from 1993 to 2009 a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 102 in northeastern Dallas County .
Giovanni Francesco Ugolini was a Captain Regent of San Marino together with Andrea Zafferani for the semester from 1 October 2010 to 1 April 2011 .
Thomas Joseph Byrnes ( 11 November 1860 -- 27 September 1898 ) was Premier of Queensland from April 1898 until his death in October of the same year , having previously served in several ministerial positions in his parliamentary career .
Dee Dee Myers ( born Margaret Jane Myers , September 1 , 1961 ) , a political analyst , was the White House Press Secretary during the first two years of the Clinton administration , from January 1993 to December 1994 .
Frederick Holbrook ( February 15 , 1813 -- April 28 , 1909 ) was an agriculturist , politician , and the 27th Governor of Vermont .
Ahmet Davutoğlu ( Turkish pronunciation : ( ahˈmet daˈvutoːɫu ) ; born 26 February 1959 ) is a Turkish academic , politician and former diplomat who has been the Prime Minister of Turkey since 28 August 2014 and the leader of the Justice and Development Party ( AKP ) since 27 August 2014 .
Antonio Parkinson ( born in Oakland , California ) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Tennessee House of Representatives representing District 98 since his special election March 8 , 2011 following the death of Representative Ulysses Jones , Jr.
James H. Meyer , known as ' Jim ' Meyer , was a Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives , representing the 48th district from 1993 until his retirement at the end of his term in January 2009 .
Carla Blanchard Dartez ( born 1965 ) is a Democratic former member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from District 51 ( Assumption , St. Mary , and Terrebonne parishes ) .
Markijan Trofimiak ( born April 16 , 1947 in Kozova , Ukraine ) is a Roman Catholic bishop , Auxiliary Bishop of Lviv in 1991 - 1998 and diocesan Bishop of Lutsk in 1998 - 2012 .
Samuel Bell ( February 9 , 1770 -- December 23 , 1850 ) was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 14th Governor of New Hampshire from 1819 to 1823 , and as the United States Senator for New Hampshire from 1823 to 1835 .
Matthias Mawson ( 1683 - -1770 ) was an English churchman and academic , Master of Corpus Christi College , Cambridge , Bishop of Llandaff , Bishop of Chichester , and Bishop of Ely .
Torin Ferguson ( born 29 July 1985 in the Bahamas ) is a footballer who plays as a goalkeeper .
Leandra Smeda ( pronounced Schmeda ) is a South African women 's footballer and plays as a winger .
Rick Carriere ( born March 14 , 1959 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman .
Jack Blackwell ( 28 October 1909 -- 25 October 2001 ) was an English footballer who played at inside - forward for Huddersfield Town , Charlton Athletic , Port Vale , Boston United , Ipswich Town , and Bridlington Town .
Zoltán Péter ( born 23 March 1958 in Zalaistvánd , Hungary ) is a retired Hungarian football defender who played for Zalaegerszegi and First Vienna .
Alex Peterson ( born 17 October 1994 ) is an English footballer who currently plays as a centre forward for non - league side Scarborough Athletic .
Cephas Chimedza ( born 5 December 1984 ) is a Zimbabwean footballer who can play in a number of positions , ( left back , holding midfielder , attacking midfielder and left side midfield . )
Pietro Broccini ( 2 January 1928 , in Portovenere , La Spezia -- 2 September 2006 , in Sanremo , Imperia ) was an Italian football ( soccer ) player in the midfielder role .
Ante Ćorić ( born 14 April 1997 ) is a Croatian footballer playing for Dinamo Zagreb in the Prva HNL as a midfielder .
Zdravko Brkljačić ( born 22 May 1936 ) is a former Croatian football goalkeeper who played in several clubs in Yugoslavia , Austria and Belgium .
Rafael Salvador Salguero González ( born 10 August 1951 in Lima , Peru ) is a retired Peruvian professional football defender .
Nikola Jozić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Hикoлa Joзић ; born 29 September 1982 in Ludwigshafen ) is German born Serbian football defender .
Anders Grimberg is a Swedish football manager and former player who played as a forward .
Heather Mitts Feeley ( born June 9 , 1978 ) , née Heather Blaine Mitts , is an American former professional soccer defender .
Jorge Luis Campos Velázquez ( born 11 August 1970 in Asunción ) is a former Paraguayan footballer , who played as a midfielder or upfront .
Kevin Fajardo Martínez ( born 5 September 1989 ) is a Costa Rican football defender who currently plays at Santos de Guápiles .
Kelvin Garmon ( born October 26 , 1976 ) is a former American football offensive guard in the National Football League .
Martin Stefanov ( Bulgarian : Мартин Стефанов ) ( born 25 April 1987 ) is a Bulgarian footballer , who currently plays as a forward for Sportist Svoge .
Jacques LaDouceur ( born April 29 , 1959 in Port - au - Prince , Haiti ) is a retired Haitian - American soccer forward .
Echendu Adiele ( 17 November 1978 -- 18 June 2011 ) was a Nigerian professional footballer who played as a central defender .
Carsten Ramelow ( German pronunciation : ( ˈkaʁstən ˈʁamɛlo ) ; born 20 March 1974 ) is a retired German footballer who played as either a central defender or a defensive midfielder .
Stan Keery ( 9 September 1931 -- 7 March 2013 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a wing half .
Nguyễn Thanh Bình ( born 11 August 1987 ) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for V - League club SHB Đà Nẵng and the Vietnamese internationals .
Mal Roche ( born in Coventry ) is a retired English football ( soccer ) forward who played seven seasons in the American Soccer League and at least one in the Major Indoor Soccer League .
Antal Szabó ( 4 September 1910 in Soroksár -- 18 April 1972 in Nürtingen , West Germany ) was a Hungarian goalkeeper who played in the 1930s .
Ewandro Felipe de Lima Costa ( born 15 March 1996 ) , known as Ewandro , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Atlético Paranaense , on loan from São Paulo FC as a forward .
Huỳnh Quang Thanh ( born on October 10 , 1984 in Hồ Chí Minh City , Vietnam ) is a Vietnamese footballer who is a defender for Becamex Bình Dương .
Arne Kotte ( 20 March 1935 -- 8 July 2015 ) was a Norwegian footballer who played as a forward .
Paulo Rinaldo Cruzado Durand ( born 21 September 1984 in Lima ) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Peruvian Torneo Descentralizado club Club Deportivo Universidad César Vallejo and the Peruvian national team .
Christophe Lestrade ( born October 27 , 1969 in Bordeaux , France ) is a former professional footballer who played as a defensive midfielder .
Per Johan Sjöberg ( born 14 November 1980 in Borås ) is a retired Swedish footballer who played as a defender .
Joseph Leonard Gilles Lupien ( born April 20 , 1954 in Lachute , Quebec and raised in Brownsburg , Quebec ) is a sports agent and retired Canadian ice hockey defenceman .
Zoran Banović ( Cyrillic : Зоран Бановић , born 14 October 1977 ) is a former Montenegrin football goalkeeper .
Kostyantyn Odolskyi ( Ukrainian : Костянтин Володимирович Одольський ; born 5 January 1989 in Ukrainian SSR ) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper played in the professional Ukrainian Premier League club Metalurh Donetsk .
Peter Arnautoff ( born December 29 , 1951 ) was an American soccer goalkeeper who played professionally in the North American Soccer League and Major Indoor Soccer League .
Jonathan Vosselman ( born June 14 , 1984 in Amsterdam , Netherlands ) is a professional football defender who currently is without a club .
Alexander Sudnitsin ( born November 21 , 1987 ) is a Russian ice hockey goaltender , who currently plays for Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk in the Kontinental Hockey League .
Ēriks Raisters ( 26 November 1913 -- 25 May 1942 ) was a Latvian right - wing football forward who played 27 international matches for Latvia between 1934 and 1940 .
Jacques - Alaixys Romao ( born 18 January 1984 ) , commonly known as Alaixys Romao , is a French - born Togolese football midfielder , who plays for Marseille in the Ligue 1 .
Pablo Larios Iwasaki ( born July 31 , 1960 ) was a football goalkeeper from Mexico .
Giuseppe Pugliese ( born 4 November 1983 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Cittadella as a defender .
January Zyambo ( born September 9 , 1980 ) is a Zambian international soccer forward who plays for KS Besa Kavaje in Albanian First Division .
Stanislav Seman ( born 6 August 1952 in Košice ) is a former football goalkeeper from Czechoslovakia .
Natalie Ross ( born 14 September 1989 ) is a Scottish football midfielder who plays for Celtic and has represented Scotland at youth and senior level .
Felipe Anderson Pereira Gomes ( born 15 April 1993 ) , commonly known as Felipe Anderson is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Italian side Lazio as an attacking midfielder .
Virgile Reset ( born 3 August 1985 ) is a French football midfielder , who currently plays for Sporting Toulon Var .
Gocha Jamarauli ( Georgian : გოჩა ჯამარაული ; born 23 July 1971 ) is a former Georgian football midfielder .
Greg Sammons ( born 31 December 1987 ) is an English rugby union hooker .
Raphael Holzhauser ( born 16 February 1993 in Wiener Neustadt ) is an Austrian football midfielder who plays for Austria Wien .
J. McAulay was a Scottish footballer who played as a forward .
Jovan Stefanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Joвaн Cтeфaнoвић ; born February 5 , 1984 ) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a midfielder .
Bennett Chenene ( born 2 February 1984 ) is a South African footballer who plays as a midfielder for Premier Soccer League club SuperSport United and South Africa .
Patrick Ovie ( born June 2 , 1978 in Lagos ) is a former Nigerian football defender last playing for FC Lokomotiv Astana in the Kazakhstan Premier League since 2009 .
Brian Carolin ( born 6 December 1939 ) was an English footballer who played as a wing half .
David Lazari ( born 30 April 1989 in Novo Horizonte ) is a Brazilian football player , who plays as a attacking midfielder for Kuwaiti Premier League side Qadsia SC .
Brent Belecki ( born December 22 , 1977 in Calgary , Alberta ) is a former professional ice hockey goaltender who played in the Western Hockey League , East Coast Hockey League , Central Hockey League , United Hockey League , and American Hockey League .
Armand Forcherio ( born 1 March 1941 ) is a former Monégasque footballer , who played as a defender for AS Monaco from 1961 to 1972 .
Lukas Kiefer ( born 25 April 1993 ) is a German footballer who plays as a midfielder for 1 .
Christophe Jeannet ( born September 22 , 1965 in France ) is a former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Muharrem Uz ( born 10 December 1980 ) is a footballer who plays as a midfielder for side Nigde Belediyespor .
Nawaf Al Humaidan ( Arabic : نواف الحميدان‎ , born 8 March 1981 ) is a Kuwaiti footballer who is a midfielder for the Kuwaiti Premier League club Kazma .
Rich Reice is a retired American professional soccer forward who played in the North American Soccer League , Major Indoor Soccer League , American Soccer League and United Soccer League .
Nuria Zufía Elizalde is a former Spanish football who played as a forward .
Filip Pivkovski ( born 31 January 1994 ) is a Swedish / Macedonian footballer who plays for Landskrona BoIS in Division 1 as a left winger .
Antonio Munguía Flores ( born June 27 , 1942 ) is a former Mexican football midfielder , who played for the Mexico national team between 1967 and 1971 , gaining 44 caps .
Nora Hamou Maamar is an Algerian international football midfielder , born and raised in France , who plays for Montpellier HSC .
Fabiano Ribeiro de Freitas ( born 29 February 1988 ) , known simply as Fabiano , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Turkish club Fenerbahçe SK on loan from FC Porto as a goalkeeper .
Willian Thiego de Jesus ( born 22 July 1986 in Aracajú ) known as William Thiego or simply Thiego , is a Brazilian central defender who plays for Chapecoense .
Milan Badelj ( pronounced ( míːlan baːdêʎ ) ; born 25 February 1989 ) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Italian Serie A club Fiorentina and for the Croatia national football team .
Luís Miguel Silva Mendonça ( born 24 September 1991 in Porto da Cruz - Machico ) simply Luís Miguel , is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.S. Marítimo B as a midfielder .
Ivan Baranka ( born 19 May 1985 ) is a Slovak ice hockey defenceman currently playing with HC Slovan Bratislava in the KHL .
Yan Aung Kyaw ( Burmese : ရန်အောင်ကျော် ; born 4 August 1989 ) is a footballer from Burma , and a midfielder for the Myanmar national football team .
Derick Brassard ( born September 22 , 1987 ) is a Canadian ice hockey player who currently plays as a centre for the New York Rangers of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Matthieu Ligoule ( born 6 March 1983 ) is a French professional footballer who currently plays for Orléans as a defensive midfielder .
Joachim Standfest ( born 30 May 1980 ) is an Austrian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder / defender for Wolfsberger AC in the Austrian First League .
Randy Garber is a former U.S. soccer midfielder who played four seasons in the North American Soccer League and two seasons in the Major Indoor Soccer League .
Stéphane Sparagna ( born 17 February 1995 ) is a French footballer who predominantly plays as a defender for Ligue 1 club Marseille and the France U21 national football team .
Mahamoudou Kéré ( born 2 January 1982 in Ouagadougou ) is a Burkinabé football Central defender .
Jassem Al - Hamdan ( Arabic : جاسم الحمدان‎ ; born October 9 , 1986 ) is a Saudi football player who plays a forward for Hajer .
Mohammed Ali Karim ( Arabic : محمد علي كريم‎ ) ( born June 25 , 1986 in Iraq ) is an Iraqi football defender .
Wander Luiz Bitencourt Junior or simply Wander Luiz ( born May 30 , 1987 in Lamim ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an defensive midfielder .
Asier Garitano Aguirrezábal ( born 6 December 1969 in Bergara , Basque Country ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a forward , and the current coach of CD Leganés .
Alexandre Lacazette ( French pronunciation : ​(alɛksɑ̃dʁ lakazɛt ) ; born 28 May 1991 ) is a French footballer who plays as a forward for French club Lyon and the France national team .
Nicky Spooner ( born 5 June 1971 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a defender and midfielder .
Abbas Nshimirimana ( born 19 May 1998 ) is a Burundian professional footballer , who plays as a midfielder for Bujumbura City F.C ..
Sven Butenschön ( born March 22 , 1976 ) is a German - Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who has spent parts of eight seasons in the National Hockey League .
Rhys Day ( born 31 August 1982 ) is a Welsh professional footballer who last played as a central defender for Conference North side Hyde .
Peter Tilley ( 13 January 1930 -- 11 August 2008 ) was a Northern Irish professional footballer who played as a wing half .
Danilo Pustinjaković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Дaнило Пустињаковић ; born March 12 , 1977 in Zrenjanin ) is a Serbian football goalkeeper who currently for Dolina Padina .
Dieudonné Yarga ( born February 24 , 1986 ) is a Burkinabé football player who currently plays for ASFA Yennega as a goalkeeper .
Andreas Bouchalakis ( Greek : Ανδρέας Μπουχαλάκης , born 5 April 1993 ) is a Greek footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Superleague Greece club Olympiacos .
Carla Guerrero ( born 23 December 1987 ) is a Chilean footballer who plays as a defender for Colo Colo.
Mohamad Omar Hemidi ( Arabic : محمد عمر حميدي‎ , born 1 May 1986 in Aleppo , Syria ) is a Syrian footballer who plays as a defender for Al - Jaish , which competes in the Syrian Premier League the top division in Syria and is currently a member of the Syria national football team .
Nikos Sarganis ( born 13 January 1954 ) is a Greek retired football goalkeeper .
Rogerio Pinheiro Dos Santos , known as Rogério Pinheiro in the K - League , ( born : April 21 , 1972 ) is a former Brazilian footballer who plays as a defender .
Mihai Panc ( born 7 April 1981 in Reșița ) is a Romanian football defender who currently is a Free Agent .
W. Lamont was a Scottish footballer who played as a right winger .
Charles Richard Gough ( born in Stockholm , Sweden , 5 April 1962 ) is a former Scottish football defender .
Sergio Campano Franco ( born 1 June 1987 in Badajoz ) , aka Sota , is a Spanish footballer who plays as a midfielder ( winger or playmaker ) .
Wolfgang Knaller ( born 9 October 1961 ) , is an Austrian football goalkeeper , who played mostly for Admira Wacker and Austria Wien .
Saulius Atmanavičius ( born 8 February 1970 ) is a retired Lithuanian football defender , who last played for Rodovitas Klaipėda during his professional career .
Filiz İşikırık ( born August 20 , 1993 in Siverek , Şanlıurfa , Turkey ) is a Turkish women 's football forward currently playing in the Turkish Women 's Third Football League for Iğdır Spor with jersey number 9 .
Mohamed Amine Aoudia ( Arabic : محمد أمين عودية‎ ) ( born June 6 , 1987 ) is an Algerian footballer who plays as a forward for Algerien Ligue 1 club USM Alger , on loan from FSV Frankfurt .
Dewi Morris ( born 9 February 1964 ) is a former rugby union footballer , who played scrum half for England .
Asen Nikolov ( Bulgarian : Асен Николов ; born 5 August 1976 in Plovdiv ) , nicknamed Bebeto ( Бебето ) , is a Bulgarian footballer playing as an attacking midfielder .
Johannes Nordström ( born 23 January 1993 ) is a Finnish footballer , currently playing as a defender at FC Åland .
Thomas von Heesen ( born 1 October 1961 ) is a former German football attacking midfielder , and a current coach .
Alessandro Orlando ( born June 1 , 1970 in Udine ) is a retired Italian professional football player , who played a defender .
Maja Krantz ( born 27 March 1987 ) is a Swedish football defender playing for English FA WSL club Notts County .
Ivan Shyshkin born 16 September 1983 in Magdeburg , GDR , ( now Germany ) , is a Ukrainian football midfielder currently playing for PFC Sevastopol .
Miguel Ángel Loayza Ríos ( born 21 June 1940 in Lima ) is a retired football midfielder from Peru .
Pavel Londak ( born 14 May 1980 ) is an Estonian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper the Estonia national football team .
Godwin Okpara ( born September 20 , 1972 in Obaku , Imo ) is a former football defender .
Andrew Mwesigwa ( born 24 April 1984 ) is a Ugandan international footballer who last played for KTFF Süper Lig side Yenicami Ağdelen , as a defender .
Zheng Kaimu ( Chinese : 郑凯木 ; pinyin : Zhèng Kǎimǔ ; born January 28 , 1992 ) is a professional Chinese footballer who currently plays as a defender or defensive midfielder for Shanghai Shenhua in the Chinese Super League .
Thabo Mngomeni ( born 24 June 1969 , Cape Town , Western Cape ) is a South African former football ( soccer ) midfielder .
Alan Humphreys ( born Chester , England , 18 November 1939 ) is a former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Shrewsbury Town , Leeds United , Mansfield Town and Chesterfield in the 1950s and 1960s .
Haydn Morgan ( born 30 July 1936 ) was a Welsh international flanker who played club rugby for Abertillery .
Frank Halai ( born 6 March 1988 ) is a rugby union footballer who plays as a wing .
Anette Hansson ( born 2 May 1963 ) is a Swedish former football defender who won 39 caps for the Sweden women 's national football team , scoring three goals .
Conor Powell ( born 26 August 1987 in Dublin ) is an Irish footballer who plays as a defender for League of Ireland Premier Division side Longford Town .
Jeremy Duchesne ( born October 17 , 1986 ) is an American - born Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who plays for the Saint - Georges Cool FM 103.5 of the Ligue Nord - Américaine de Hockey ( LNAH ) .
Helen Björk ( born 9 July 1965 , as Helen Johansson ) is a Swedish former association football forward who won 88 caps and scored 23 goals for the Sweden women 's national football team .
John Ryan Murphy ( born May 13 , 1991 ) , also known as J. R. Murphy is an American professional baseball catcher for the Minnesota Twins of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) .
Brienne of Tarth is a fictional character in George R. R. Martin 's A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels .
Chris Keller is a fictional character on the HBO series Oz , portrayed by Christopher Meloni from 1998 to 2003 .
Lemuel Gulliver ( /ˈɡʌlɪvər/ ) is the fictional protagonist and narrator of Gulliver 's Travels , a novel written by Jonathan Swift , first published in 1726 .
Severus Snape is a fictional character in J. K. Rowling 's Harry Potter series .
The Graboid is a fictional species of sandworm that acts as the primary antagonist of the Tremors franchise .
The Girls of Old Town are fictional characters in Frank Miller 's Sin City .
The Firecons are a group of three fictional Decepticons in the Transformers toyline .
Boxey is a fictional character from the original Battlestar Galactica television series portrayed by Noah Hathaway .
Johnny Cage is a fictional character from the Mortal Kombat fighting game franchise .
The End of Eden is a 1986 environmental documentary in which the South African filmmaker Rick Lomba ( 1950 - -1994 ) showed the rapid degradation of Africa 's ecosystems .
Up in the Wind ( Chinese : 等风来 ) is a 2013 Chinese romance - comedy film directed by Teng Huatao and starring Ni Ni and Jing Boran .
Demonicus is a 2001 horror film from Full Moon Entertainment .
The Sea Change is a 1998 British - Spanish comedy film directed by Michael Bray and starring Maryam d'Abo , Sean Chapman and Ray Winstone .
Marrying the Mafia IV ( Hangul : 가문의 영광4 - 가문의 수난 ; hanja : 家門의 榮光4 - 家門 受難 ; RR : Gamunui Youngkwang 4 - Gamunui Sunan ; MR : Kamunŭi yŏnggwang 4 - Kamunŭi Sunan ) is a 2011 South Korean film and the fourth installment of Marrying the Mafia series .
Days of Dreams ( Serbian : Дани од снова , translit . Dani od snova ) is a 1980 Yugoslav drama film directed by Vlatko Gilic .
American Standoff is an American 2002 documentary film by Kristi Jacobson which documents much of a strike by the Teamsters against a package delivery company , Overnite Transportation ( now a subsidiary of United Parcel Service ) .
Rough House Rosie is a 1927 American silent romantic comedy film produced and released by Paramount Pictures and directed by Frank Strayer .
The Doll Squad is a 1973 low - budget action film Z movie by Feature - Faire that was later re - released under the title Seduce and Destroy .
Chandraharam ( Telugu : చంద్రహారం ; ( Tamil : சந்திரஹாரம் ) is a 1954 bilingual Telugu / Tamil film directed by Kamalakara Kameswara Rao and produced by Vijaya Pictures .
Roald Amundsen 's South Pole Journey ( Norwegian : Roald Amundsens sydpolsferd ) is a Norwegian documentary film that features Roald Amundsen 's original footage from his South Pole expedition from 1910 to 1912 .
12 in a Box is a 2007 Independent British comedy film written and directed by John McKenzie .
In 2008 , a free online version of Clockwiser was released by the programmer responsible for the original DOS and Windows versions .
Denver , the Last Dinosaur is an American cartoon for children originally released in 1988 by World Events Productions .
Chahoonga Main Tujhe is a 1993 Hindi - language Indian feature film produced by Asgar Hussain and directed by Kamal , starring Irfan Kamal and Niloo Kapoor in lead roles with Kiran Kumar and Kader Khan .
Lezioni di violoncello con toccata e fuga is a 1976 commedia sexy all'italiana film .
First on the Moon ( Russian : Первые на Луне , Pervye na Lune ) is a 2005 Russian mockumentary about a fictional 1930s Soviet landing on the Moon .
This Old Cub is a documentary film which was released in 2004 .
Arsho is a 2014 Punjabi language Indian romance film directed by Shapinder Pal Singh and produced by Dakssh Ajit Singh .
Bahaddur ( Kannada : ಬಹದ್ದೂರ್ ) is a 2014 Indian Kannada language film directed by Chethan Kumar and produced by R. Srinivas .
Parting Glances is an American film shot in 1984 and released in 1986 .
The Clerics ( Indonesian : Sang Kiai ) is a 2013 Indonesian drama film directed by Rako Prijanto .
The General Died at Dawn is a 1936 American drama film that tells the story of a mercenary who meets a beautiful girl while trying to keep arms from getting to a vicious warlord in war - torn China .
The 8th Plague is a 2006 low - budget American horror film starring DJ Perry , Leslie Ann Valenza , and Charles Edwin Powell and is directed by Franklin Guerrero Jr.
Tall , Tan , and Terrific is a 1946 American film directed by Bud Pollard .
The Motivation is a 2013 documentary film that premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival .
Echo of a Dream ( German : Verklungene Träume ) is a 1930 German - Romanian musical film directed by Martin Berger .
A Cat , a Mouse and a Bell is a 1935 Color Rhapsodies film .
An African Election is a 2011 documentary film about elections in Africa , directed by Jarreth and Kevin Merz .
Baffled ! is a 1973 television movie intended as a pilot for a television series .
Hers to Hold is a 1943 American musical comedy film and is the third film in the unofficial Three Smart Girls trilogy .
Bill 's Tomato Game is a 1992 puzzle , platform computer game for the Atari ST and Amiga .
Namets ! is a 2008 Filipino independent film directed by Jay Abello .
Jane and the Lost City was a 1987 UK film , based on the British newspaper strip Jane by Norman Pett .
Police Police is a 2010 Telugu buddy cop film directed by Manmohan and produced by Chandu .
Double Game , also known as Violent Turin ( in original Italian , Torino violenta ) , is a 1977 poliziotteschi film .
BattleGround : 21 Days on the Empire 's Edge was released in 2004 , and received the Silver Hugo Award for documentaries at the 2004 Chicago International Film Festival .
Goshta Choti Dongraevadhi(गोष्ट छोटी डोंगराएवढी ) is a Marathi film , released in 2009 .
Once Upon a Holiday is a 2015 American / Canadian holiday romantic comedy directed by James Head and starring Briana Evigan , Paul Campbell , and Greg Evigan .
Rabbit of Seville is a Warner Bros. Looney Tunes theatrical cartoon short released in 1950 .
Morning Light is a 2008 film directed by Mark Monroe and executive produced by Roy E. Disney .
The Class of ' 92 is a 2013 British documentary film , released on 1 December 2013 .
The Magnificent Seven Ride ( also known as The Magnificent Seven 4 ) is a 1972 western film and is the third and last sequel of the 1960 western , The Magnificent Seven .
Gowri Ganda ( Kannada : ಗೌರಿ ಗಂಡ ) is a 1968 Indian Kannada film , directed and produced by Sundara Rao Nadakarni .
The Mysterious Edge of the Heroic World ( 2007 ) is a middle - age or young - adult novel by E.L. Konigsburg .
Swat the Fly is a 1935 Fleischer Studios animated short film starring Betty Boop and Pudgy the Puppy .
Vijetha Vikram ( Telugu : విజేత విక్రమ్ ) is a 1987 Tollywood film directed by S S Ravichandran and produced by T.Tirupathi Reddy on Samyutha Arts .
Tomorrow My Love ( Danish : I morgen , min elskede ) is a 1971 Danish drama film directed by Finn Karlsson and starring Lykke Nielsen .
Tweet Tweet Tweety is a 1951 Looney Tunes ( reissued as a 1960 Blue Ribbon Merrie Melodies ) animated short featuring Sylvester and Tweety .
Kulir 100 ° ( English : Cold 100 ° ) is a Tamil film released in 2009 and directed by Anita Udeep .
Commodore Force rated Fun School 2 for Under 6 Years as # 43 , Fun School 2 Ages 6 - -8 as # 36 and Fun School 2 Over 8 Years as # 10 rankings of the top 100 Commodore 64 games of 1993 .
Jacques and November ( French : Jacques et novembre ) is a 1984 Canadian drama film directed by Jean Beaudry and François Bouvier .
Goyenda Gogol ( or Goenda Gogol ; English : Detective Gogol , Bengali : গোয়েন্দা গোগোল ) is a 2013 Bengali film , directed by Arindam Dey and produced by Supratik Ghosh under the banner of Ishani Films .
Wettermark is a fictional crime novel written by American novelist Elliott Chaze , published by Scribner , New York in 1969 .
Tear This Heart Out ( Spanish : Arráncame la vida ) is a 2008 Mexican film directed by Roberto Sneider based on the novel of the same name by Ángeles Mastretta .
2 Little , 2 Late is a 1999 film produced by Deadpool Pictures that tells the stories of different students at a local high school and how they dealt with the situations that arose after racial tensions erupted .
Folkmusik för folk som inte kan bete sig som folk is an album by bob hund , released in 2009 .
Azhakulla Saleena ( Malayalam : അഴകുള്ള സെലീന ) is a 1973 Indian Malayalam film based on the novel of the same name by Muttathu Varkey , directed by KS Sethumadhavan and produced by KSR Moorthy .
Third Contact is a 2012 British psychological thriller film written and directed by Simon Horrocks .
Originally a Johan and Peewit adventure , The Smurfs and the Magic Flute was adapted into an animated film in 1976 in Europe , with considerable success .
Black & White & Sex is a 2011 feature film produced by Melissa Beauford .
Girl from Hanoi ( Vietnamese : Em be ha noi ) is a 1975 Vietnamese drama film directed by Hai Ninh .
Franklin 's Magic Christmas was the second Franklin movie , released direct - to - video and DVD in 2001 .
Miss Gold Digger ( Hangul : 용의주도 미스 신 ; RR : Yonguijudo Miseu Sin ; lit . `` Prudent / Careful Miss Shin '' ) is a 2007 South Korean romantic comedy film .
The Orchard End Murder is a 1980 British short thriller film by Marnham & Harvey Productions .
Die - ner ( Get It ? ) ( also known as Kentucky Fried Zombies ) is a 2009 American zombie comedy directed and written by Patrick Horvath .
Clancy 's Kitchen is a 1996 gay - themed film directed by Duncan Roy and starring Mark Aiken , Indira Varma , and Rocky Marshall .
Asli - Naqli ( English : Real And Fake ) is a 1962 Hindi movie produced by L.B Lachman and L.B Thakur .
Big Time Beach Party is a 2011 made - for - television film and the fourth film of the series film franchise of the Nickelodeon television series , Big Time Rush .
Best SF : 1968 ( also known as The Year 's Best Science Fiction No . 2 ) is the second on a series of annual anthologies of science fiction stories edited by Harry Harrison and Brian W. Aldiss , first published in a British edition in January 1969 by Sphere Books .
Married to the Enemy is a 2006 Nigerian drama film directed Willie Adah Ajenge . The film has bean produced by Andy K. Nwawulhe .
Banwra is 1950 Bollywood film directed by G. Rakesh , pseudonym of Raghupat Roy Kapur , grandfather of actor Aditya Roy Kapoor .
Blood Thirst was filmed in the 1965 but not released until 1971 in the USA , where it mostly played the grindhouse circuit .
Rainbow Walker is a color - changing action game designed by Steve Coleman for the Atari 8-bit computers and published by Synapse Software in 1983 .
Her Private Hell is a 1968 British sexploitation film .
Storm over Mont Blanc premiered in Dresden , Germany on 25 December 1930 .
VDF Thasana was released at Bhagyachandra Open Air Theatre on 27 March 2014 .
Kaun Sachcha Kaun Jhootha is a Bollywood thriller film which released on 11 April 1997 .
The Magical Brush ( Chinese : 神笔马良 ) is a 2014 Chinese animated fantasy film directed by Frankie Chung .
The Last Alarm is a 1940 American Monogram Picture film directed by William West and starring veteran character actor J. Farrell MacDonald .
Planet B - Boy is a 2007 documentary film that focuses on the 2005 Battle of the Year while also describing B - boy culture and history as a global phenomenon .
Jitterbugs is a 1943 Laurel and Hardy feature film produced by Sol M. Wurtzel and directed by Mal St . Clair .
Chithramela is a 1967 Malayalam anthology film directed and produced by T .
The Flamingo Rising is a 2001 dramatic film in the Hallmark Hall of Fame released on television in 2001 , and based on the novel The Flamingo Rising written by Larry Baker in 1997 .
Table for Three was released straight to DVD on the 23 of June 2009 .
Seven Little Monsters was published by Harper & Row in 1977 and served as the basis for the Canadian - Chinese television production of the same name ( 2000 - 2007 ) .
Cinderela Baiana ( Portuguese for Bahian Cinderella ) is a 1998 Brazilian semi - fictionalized biographical romantic comedy film directed by Conrado Sanchez ( who also wrote the screenplay , even though he was uncredited for it ) and produced by Antônio Polo Galante .
Mahasangram is a 2006 Bengali - language Indian feature film directed by Kumarjit Patitundu , starring Pradeep Roy , Supriya Choudhury and Rituparna Sengupta
Tillie and Gus is a 1933 American Pre - Code comedy film directed by Francis Martin and written by Francis Martin and Walter DeLeon .
Lotte from Gadgetville ( Leiutajateküla Lotte ) is a 2006 Estonian / Latvian feature - length animated film directed by Heiki Ernits and Janno Põldma .
Una Excursión a los indios ranqueles is a 1963 Argentine film , based on a book of the same name by Lucio V. Mansilla .
Thumbida Koda ( Kannada : ತುಂಬಿದ ಕೊಡ ) is a 1964 Indian Kannada film , directed by N. C. Rajan and produced by G. K. Venkatesh & Friends .
Varadhi is a 2015 Indian Telugu romantic drama film directed by Sathish Karthikeya .
The Demon 's Rook is a 2013 independent fantasy - horror film and the directorial debut of James Sizemore ( who is also known under the pseudonym of Loup'Rah Garomore ) .
Invasion from Inner Earth ( 1974 ) is an apocalyptic science fiction film , starring Paul Bentzen and Debbi Pick .
Porky 's Revenge ! is the 1985 third installment to the Porky 's film series .
Disney 's Extremely Goofy Skateboarding is a game created in September 2001 for PC .
Where in Space Is Carmen Sandiego ? is a game produced by Brøderbund and released in 1993 for DOS and 1994 for Macintosh .
The Wrong Box ( 1966 ) is a British comedy film made by Salamander Film Productions and distributed by Columbia Pictures .
Lovers Courageous is a 1932 American Pre - Code drama film directed by Robert Z. Leonard and written by Frederick Lonsdale .
Biker Boyz is a 2003 film about a group of underground motorcycle drag racers .
Nandhi is a 2011 Indian Tamil - language action - masala film directed by Thamizhvannan and produced by Dinesh Karthik .
Gingerclown 3D is a 2013 Hungarian horror comedy film written and directed by Balázs Hatvani .
Riley 's First Date ? is a 2015 Pixar computer animated short directed by Josh Cooley .
The first alpha version of Rhye 's and Fall of Civilization , then called `` Rhye 's Catapult '' , was released on 26 April 2006 , featuring an elaborated Earth map and the `` Rise and Fall '' mechanism .
Briton and Boer is a 1909 silent film produced and distributed by Selig Polyscope Company .
Green Card Fever is a 2003 Indian Independent film written and directed by Bala Rajasekharuni .
Kathirmandapam is a 1979 Indian Malayalam film , directed by KP Pillai and produced by HD Combines .
The Endless Summer is a seminal 1966 surf movie .
Attack of the Sabretooth is a 2005 horror film that premiered on the Sci Fi Channel , directed by George T. Miller , and starring Robert Carradine , Nicholas Bell , Brian Wimmer and Stacy Haiduk .
The Wild Women of Wongo is a 1958 American film directed by James L. Wolcott , featuring low budget , stereotypical portrayals of fictional tropical islanders .
Girls , Please ! is a 1934 British comedy film directed by Jack Raymond and starring Sydney Howard , Jane Baxter , Meriel Forbes and Peter Gawthorne .
Ticket to Heaven is a 1981 Canadian film about the recruiting of a man into a group portrayed to be a cult , and his life in the group until forcibly extracted by his family and friends .
Nutty but Nice was filmed from April 27 to May 2 , 1940 .
Beach Party is a 1963 American film which was the first of several beach party films from American International Pictures ( AIP ) aimed at a teen audience .
The Bad and the Beautiful is a 1952 MGM melodrama that tells the story of a film producer who alienates all around him .
Vigilante 3D ( Nepali : भिजिलान्ते ) is a Nepali Social Thriller film released in April 5 , 2013 .
Vaincre à Olympie ( English : Win to Olimpie ) is a French TV film from 1977 .
An Officer and a Car Salesman is a comedy / thriller television film made in 1988 as a spin - off from the successful television series Minder .
The Big Bad Swim is a 2006 American independent film about a group of adults who enroll in an adult education beginner 's swim class .
Eyan Mayweather is the fifth studio album by Nigerian rap artist Olamide , released on 23 November 2015 .
Oh Mary Be Careful is an extant 1921 American silent comedy film produced by Goldwyn Pictures and released by an independent distributor .
Thiruttu Payale ( Tamil : திருட்டு பயலே ; English : Yo , the Thief ) is a ( 2006 ) Tamil erotic - thriller directed by Susi Ganesan .
Radhan Ganda ( Kannada : ರಾಧನ್ ಗಂಡ ) is a 2013 Kannada comedy - action film written and directed by Murugan .
`` Charlie X '' is a first season episode of the science fiction television series , Star Trek first broadcast on September 15 , 1966 .
Historic Live Tuna is a Hot Tuna album released in 1985 with side A containing some previously unreleased tracks from a live acoustic performance played on KSAN radio in 1971 and with side B containing some previously unreleased live material from a live electric performance in 1971 recorded at the Fillmore West auditorium in San Francisco .
`` När vi två blir en '' , written by Per Gessle , and also known after the refrain 's opening line `` ' ' Jag vill känna din kropp emot min `` '' , is a song with lyrics describing teenage love , released as a single on 29 October 1980 by pop group Gyllene Tider .
Yo quiero ser hombre ( `` I Want to be a Man '' ) is a 1949 Mexican film .
La Visa Loca is a 2005 Filipino comedy - drama film directed by Mark Meily and produced by Sharon Cuneta .
Naa Desam ( Telugu : నా దేశం ) ( lit . My Country ) is a 1982 Telugu action - drama film directed by K. Bapaiah .
Free Jimmy ( No : Slipp Jimmy fri ) is a 2008 Norwegian / British computer adult animated comedy film first released in Norwegian in 2006 , and later in English in 2008 .
They Were Not Divided is a 1950 British war film , which depicted the Guards Armoured Division in Second World War Europe .
Jetstrike is a side - scrolling shoot 'em up released in 1994 with the aircraft and weapons choices of a sim .
Fawn Story is a 1975 episode of the ABC Afterschool Special , directed by Larry Elikann .
A Gnome There Was is a collection of science fiction and fantasy stories by Henry Kuttner and C. L. Moore , published under their Lewis Padgett pseudonym by Simon & Schuster in 1950 .
The Otaku Encyclopedia is a 2009 encyclopedia written by Patrick Galbraith and published by Kodansha which provides an overview of anime and manga fandom topics , and interviews and profiles of important people in Japanese fandom .
English Today is an academic journal on the English language , established in 1985 and published quarterly by Cambridge University Press .
The American Journal of Audiology is a peer - reviewed medical journal published biannually by the American Speech - Language - Hearing Association .
Small Changes is a collection of science fiction short stories by Hal Clement , published by Doubleday in 1969 .
Knowing How to Know is a book by the writer Idries Shah published posthumously by Octagon Press in 1998 .
Legends of the Diamond is a baseball simulation video game developed by Tose for the Nintendo Entertainment System , and published by Bandai in North America in 1992 .
The Journal of English and Germanic Philology is a quarterly peer - reviewed academic journal of medieval studies that was established in 1897 and is now published by University of Illinois Press .
The original Oriental Adventures ( ISBN 0 - 88038 - 099 - 3 ) was written by Gary Gygax , David `` Zeb '' Cook , and François Marcela - Froideval , and published in 1985 by TSR , Inc. as a 144-page hardcover for use with the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons ( AD&D ) 1st edition rules .
Red Steel is a first person shooter video game published by Ubisoft for Nintendo 's Wii console .
Winning Ways for your Mathematical Plays ( Academic Press , 1982 ) by Elwyn R. Berlekamp , John H. Conway , and Richard K. Guy is a compendium of information on mathematical games .
Academic Questions is a quarterly journal published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the National Association of Scholars .
Full Auto is a video game for the Xbox 360 console published by Sega .
The Journal of Applied Electrochemistry is a peer - reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media covering electrochemistry , focusing on technologically oriented aspects .
Why Did n't They Ask Evans ? is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie , first published in the United Kingdom by the Collins Crime Club in September 1934 and in the United States by Dodd , Mead and Company in 1935 under the title of The Boomerang Clue .
The Population Bomb was written at the suggestion of David Brower the executive director of the environmentalist Sierra Club , and Ian Ballantine of Ballantine Books following various public appearances Ehrlich had made regarding population issues and their relation to the environment .
Tatler is a British glossy magazine published by Condé Nast Publications focusing on fashion and lifestyle , as well as coverage of high society and politics .
Science Software Quarterly was founded in 1984 by executive editor Diana Gabaldon , who at the time was an assistant professor in the Center for Environmental Studies at Arizona State University .
Trading Futures is a BBC Books original novel written by Lance Parkin and based on the long - running British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
Concepts , Techniques , and Models of Computer Programming is a textbook published in 2004 about general computer programming concepts from MIT Press written by Université catholique de Louvain professor Peter Van Roy and Royal Institute of Technology , Sweden professor Seif Haridi .
Ranch Rush 2 is a time management farming game that was first released by FreshGames on April 27 , 2010 on the PC , then later for MAC and the Apple iPad .
The Lyme Caxton Missal is an incunable or early printed book containing the liturgy of the mass according to the Sarum Rite , published in 1487 by William Caxton .
Physical Review Letters ( PRL ) , established in 1958 , is a peer - reviewed , scientific journal that is published 52 times per year by the American Physical Society .
F - Zero GX is a futuristic racing video game for the Nintendo GameCube console .
Clinical Leukemia was a quarterly peer - reviewed medical journal that was published by CIG Media Group from 2006 until 2009 .
The Conduit was first revealed by the developer on the video game website IGN on April 17 , 2008 , and on October 29 , 2008 , the developer announced that Sega had signed on to be the game 's official publisher .
Towdie is a platform adventure game published in Europe in 1994 by Ultrasoft for the ZX Spectrum platform .
The Journal of Criminal Law & Criminology is a peer - reviewed quarterly academic journal published by the Northwestern University School of Law .
Cetaganda is a science fiction novel by Lois McMaster Bujold , first published in four parts from October to December 1995 in Analog Science Fiction and Fact , and published in book form by Baen Books in January 1996 .
AStA Advances in Statistical Analysis is a peer - reviewed mathematics journal published quarterly by Springer Science+Business Media and the German Statistical Society .
Wandering Stars is an anthology of Jewish fantasy and science fiction , edited by Jack Dann , originally published by Harper & Row in 1974 .
Tuck Everlasting is an American children 's novel written by Natalie Babbitt and published by Farrar , Straus and Giroux in 1975 .
The Man Who Japed was first published by Ace Books as one half of Ace Double D-193 , bound dos - à - dos with The Space Born by E. C. Tubb .
In the fall of 2008 , Scientific American was put under the control of Nature Publishing Group , a division of Holtzbrinck .
First published in 1975 by Chatto and Windus , A Word Child charts the trials and tribulations of the title character , the `` word child '' , Hilary Burde as he attempts to recover his soul from the misery of his troubled past .
The Sacred Armour of Antiriad is an action game published by Palace Software in September 1986 for Amstrad CPC , Commodore 64 DOS , TRS-80 and ZX Spectrum .
Middle East Quarterly ( MEQ ) is a peer reviewed ( since 2009 ) quarterly journal , a publication of the think tank Middle East Forum ( MEF ) founded by Daniel Pipes in 1994 .
Have a Ball is the first album by Me First and the Gimme Gimmes , released in 1997 on the Fat Wreck Chords independent record label .
William Michael Coleman ( born July 8 , 1992 ) , professionally known as Mike Zombie , is a record producer and recording artist from Willingboro , NJ , signed as a producer to Drake 's OVO Sound record label .
Supermodel of the World is the debut studio album by American drag queen RuPaul , released on June 8 , 1993 by Tommy Boy Records .
The Congress for Democracy and Justice ( French : Congrès pour la démocratie et la justice , CDJ ) is a political party in Gabon , led by Jules - Aristide Bourdes - Ogouliguende .
Mezzogiorno sulle Alpi is the twelfth studio album by Italian singer - songwriter Alice , released in 1992 on EMI Music .
Orange Crate Art is a 1995 album by Brian Wilson and Van Dyke Parks released on Warner Bros. Records , where Parks has been contracted since 1967 .
As the Veneer of Democracy Starts to Fade is the second album by vocalist Mark Stewart , released in 1985 through Mute Records .
Jo Stafford 's Sweet Hour of Prayer ( 1964 ) is a studio album of inspirational songs recorded by American singer Jo Stafford on Capitol Records T / ST-2096 .
11 Dreams is the third album released by Danish metal band Mercenary through Century Media Records .
Love at Absolute Zero was the debut album by indie pop band My Favorite , released on the Double Agent record label in 1999 .
A Time & Place is the second studio album by reggae artist Julian Marley , released in 2003 on Lightyear Entertainment .
Death to False Metal is a compilation album by the American alternative rock band Weezer , released on November 2 , 2010 by Geffen Records .
Fork in the Road is the thirtieth studio album by Canadian musician Neil Young , released April 7 , 2009 , on Reprise Records .
When So Beautiful or So What was released by Hear Music on April 8 , 2011 , it received widespread acclaim from critics , many of whom considered it Simon 's best work in two decades .
In the UK , RSO Records issued `` Children of the World '' as the third single from the album with `` Boogie Child '' as the B - side .
`` End Love '' is an alternative rock song by OK Go from the album Of the Blue Colour of the Sky .
Out in L.A. is a compilation of rare tracks by the Red Hot Chili Peppers released November 1 , 1994 on EMI .
Third World Warrior is an album by Kris Kristofferson , released on Mercury Records in 1990 ( see 1990 in music ) .
Tenshi No Gijinka is an album by Japanese musician Keiji Haino , released on John Zorn 's Tzadik label in 1995 .
Portrait of Sheila is the 1963 debut album of American jazz singer Sheila Jordan , released by Blue Note Records .
The Trouble Tree is the debut album of Freedy Johnston , released in 1990 through Bar / None Records .
`` Teardrops on My Guitar '' was released on February 19 , 2007 by Big Machine Records , as the second single from Swift 's eponymous debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
After rumours that they had broken up following the problems they faced with Geffen Records when Twice Removed was released , Sloan began touring and writing again in 1995 and released One Chord to Another on Murderecords in 1996 .
Hi - Five Soup ! is the fifth studio album from American band The Aquabats , released on January 18 , 2011 by Fearless Records .
Crack the Skye is the fourth studio album by American heavy metal band Mastodon , released on March 24 , 2009 through Reprise Records .
`` Just a Fool '' was sent to contemporary hit and hot adult contemporary radio stations in the United States by RCA Records as the second and final single from the album on December 4 , 2012 .
In October 2007 , Voiceprint Records re - issued Centigrade 232 in a package containing both a reprint of the 1977 book and a CD of the 1986 recitations .
Do n't Get Comfortable was released on September 5 , 2006 via Reunion Records .
Classic Blue was released in 1989 by Trax Records ( later re - released on Castle Music Records in 1994 ) , and features Mike Batt , who also produced the album , and the London Philharmonic Orchestra .
Pandisc Records released two more of Trinere 's singles , including `` Ca n't Stop The Beat '' , which was her biggest hit for Pandisc .
`` Universal Child '' is a single by Scottish recording artist Annie Lennox , released worldwide on 12 October 2010 on Island Records .
Ornette on Tenor is the eighth album by the American jazz composer and saxophonist Ornette Coleman , released in 1962 on Atlantic Records , his sixth and final one for the label .
Climbin ' the Walls is the debut studio album by American heavy metal band Wrathchild America , released in 1989 by Atlantic Records .
We Are Young Money is the first compilation album by American hip hop record label Young Money Entertainment , and released on December 21 , 2009 by Young Money Entertainment and Cash Money Records .
I Think of You was Perry Como 's 20th 12 `` long - play album released by RCA Records .
Flight 602 is the sixth album released by Aim , and the first released on his own ATIC Records independent record label .
When Love Met Destruction is the second EP by American gothic metalcore band Motionless in White released under Tragic Hero Records on February 17 , 2009 .
It 's Our Thing is the sixth album released by The Isley Brothers on their own T - Neck Records imprint on April 26 , 1969 .
Feeling the Space is Yoko Ono 's fourth solo album , her last one on Apple Records and her last release of the 1970s .
Back Stabbers is a studio album by Philadelphia soul group The O'Jays , released in August 1972 on Philadelphia International Records .
From these sessions , ' ' My Bonnie``/''The Saints was released as a single through Polydor Records ( who had an exclusive deal with Kaempfert 's company)credited to `` Tony Sheridan and the Beat Brothers '' , as the Beatles ' contract enabled the record company to use a pseudonym .
Something on the Inside is the seventh overall album of gospel singer Vanessa Bell Armstrong , and fourth for major label Jive Records .
From the Underground and Below is the ninth studio album by the thrash metal band Overkill released in 1997 by CMC International .
Crypt of the Wizard is a compilation album by Norwegian solo artist Mortiis , though it is largely recognised as a complete album .
Take Us to the Start is the first full - length studio album by American pop - rock singer - songwriter Matt Hires , released exclusively through iTunes on July 15 , 2009 and then released August 25 , 2009 on Atlantic Records .
Another Year of Disaster is the debut studio album released by Adept in 2009 on Panic & Action Records .
Conversations with My Family is the eleventh solo album by notable jazz pianist Mike Garson , and was released in 2008 on Resonance Records .
The Gone Wait is the 35th album by Jandek , and the first of two released in 2003 It is Corwood Industries release # 0773 , and is the first release to feature the artist accompanying himself on fretless electric bass , rather than on his usual acoustic or electric guitar .
`` Twistin ' Postman '' is a song recorded by Motown singing group The Marvelettes , who released it in 1961 , and was the follow - up to their smash debut single , `` Please Mr. Postman '' .
State and Ancientry is the second album by folk duo Hannah James and Sam Sweeney .
A Dry White Season is a 1989 American drama - historical film directed by Euzhan Palcy and starring Donald Sutherland , Jürgen Prochnow , Marlon Brando , Janet Suzman , Zakes Mokae and Susan Sarandon .
Rendezvous in July ( French : Rendez - vous de juillet ) is a 1949 French comedy film directed and written by Jacques Becker .
Einer spinnt immer is a 1971 Austrian / West German film directed by Franz Antel .
Shall We Kiss ? ( French title : Un baiser s'il vous plaît ) is a 2007 French romantic comedy film directed by Emmanuel Mouret and starring Virginie Ledoyen , Mouret , Julie Gayet , Michaël Cohen , Frédérique Bel and Stefano Accorsi .
The Mighty Anselmo and His Squire ( Italian : Il prode Anselmo e il suo scudiero ) is a 1972 comedy film directed by Bruno Corbucci and starring Alighiero Noschese and Enrico Montesano .
That same month , Singer was approached by Warner Bros. to pitch his idea for Superman Returns , as he was preparing to leave for Hawaii on a short vacation with his X2 writers Michael Dougherty and Dan Harris .
Let 's Go with Pancho Villa ( Spanish : Vámonos con Pancho Villa ) is a Mexican motion picture directed by Fernando de Fuentes in 1936 , the last of the director 's Revolution Trilogy , besides El prisionero trece and El compadre Mendoza .
Sinister 2 ( also stylized as Sinister II ) is a 2015 American supernatural horror film directed by Ciaran Foy and written by Scott Derrickson and C. Robert Cargill .
Ferragosto in bikini is a 1960 Italian comedy film directed by Marino Girolami .
My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a 2002 Canadian - American romantic comedy film written by and starring Nia Vardalos and directed by Joel Zwick .
Whatever Works is a 2009 American comedy film directed and written by Woody Allen , starring Larry David , Evan Rachel Wood , Patricia Clarkson , Ed Begley , Jr. , Michael McKean , and Henry Cavill .
Names in Marble ( Estonian : Nimed marmortahvlil ) is an Estonian 2002 film directed by Elmo Nüganen .
Giovani , belle ... probabilmente ricche is a 1982 commedia sexy all'italiana film directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini and starring Carmen Russo and Nadia Cassini , most prominent stars of the genre in the early 1980s with Olinka Hardiman ( credited as Olinka Link ) .
Pinocchio in Outer Space is a 1965 Belgian - American animated film which sets Carlo Collodi 's Pinocchio character on a rocketship adventure .
The Fire Within ( French : Le feu follet ( lə fø fɔlɛ ) , meaning `` The Manic Fire '' or `` Will - o'-the - Wisp '' ) is a 1963 French drama film directed by Louis Malle .
A Pistol Shot ( Italian : Un colpo di pistola ) is a 1942 Italian historical drama film directed by Renato Castellani and starring Assia Noris , Fosco Giachetti and Antonio Centa .
The Stuff ( aka Larry Cohen 's The Stuff ) is a 1985 American science fiction horror comedy film written , produced , and directed by Larry Cohen and starring Michael Moriarty , Garrett Morris , Andrea Marcovicci , and Paul Sorvino .
Belle al Bar is a 1994 Italian comedy film directed , written and starred by Alessandro Benvenuti .
Blue Belle , also known as Annie , is a 1976 British - Italian drama film directed by Massimo Dallamano and starring Annie Belle , Felicity Devonshire and Maria Rohm .
The Color of Money is a 1986 American drama film directed by Martin Scorsese from a screenplay by Richard Price , based on the 1984 novel of the same name by Walter Tevis .
Zero Patience is a 1993 Canadian musical film written and directed by John Greyson .
L'arcano incantatore , internationally released as The Mysterious Enchanter , is a 1996 Italian horror film directed by Pupi Avati and set in the 18th century .
A Terrible Night ( French : Une nuit terrible ) is an 1896 French silent comedy film by Georges Méliès .
The Camp Followers ( Italian : Le soldatesse ) , is a 1965 Italian World War II film directed by Valerio Zurlini and starring Anna Karina .
Love Is Eternal While It Lasts ( Italian : L'amore è eterno finché dura , also known as Love Is Eternal , as Long as It Lasts ) is a 2004 Italian romantic comedy film written , directed and starred by Carlo Verdone .
The Last Woman ( French : La Dernière femme , Italian : L'ultima donna ) is a 1976 French - Italian film directed by Marco Ferreri and starring Gérard Depardieu and Ornella Muti .
Odd Little Man ( Norwegian title : Da jeg traff Jesus ... med sprettert ) is a Norwegian family movie from 2000 , directed by Stein Leikanger , based on one of the biographic memoirs of Odd Børretzen .
We All Loved Each Other So Much ( Italian : C'eravamo tanto amati ) is a 1974 Italian comedy - drama film directed by Ettore Scola and written by Scola and the famous screenwriter duo of Age & Scarpelli .
Sinking Sands is a 2010 Ghanaian drama film written , produced & directed by Leila Djansi , and starring Jimmy Jean - Louis , Ama Abebrese & Yemi Blaq .
Black Killer is a 1971 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Carlo Croccolo and starring Klaus Kinski .
Home Alone 3 is a 1997 American family comedy film written and produced by John Hughes .
Boys from the Streets ( Norwegian : Gategutter ) is a 1949 Norwegian drama film directed by Ulf Greber and Arne Skouen , starring , among others , Tom Tellefsen , Ivar Thorkildsen and Pål Bang - Hansen .
The Conspiracy of Torture ( Italian : Beatrice Cenci , also known as Conspiracy ) is a 1969 Italian historical drama film directed by Lucio Fulci .
In the Company of Men is a 1997 Canadian / American black comedy written and directed by Neil LaBute and starring Aaron Eckhart , Matt Malloy , and Stacy Edwards .
Mittal v / s Mittal is a 2010 Bollywood film written and directed by Karan Razdan and produced by Rajeev Kore and Dinesh Chugh .
Club de rencontres is a 1987 French comedy film directed and written by Michel Lang .
Oru Indhiya Kanavu ( English : An Indian Dream ) is a 1983 Indian Tamil film written and directed by Tamil playwright Komal Swaminathan .
Char Adhyay ( English : Four Chapters ) 1997 Indian Hindi drama film written and directed Kumar Shahani .
Farewell to the King is a 1989 film , written and directed by John Milius .
Do n't Waste Your Time , Johnny ! ( Italian : Lascia perdere , Johnny ! ) is a 2007 Italian biographical comedy - drama film written and directed by Fabrizio Bentivoglio .
Rendezvous in Paris is a 1982 Franco - German film directed by Gabi Kubach and starring Claude Jade , Harald Kuhlmann and Barry Stokes .
A Gun Fightin ' Gentleman is a 1919 American Western film directed by John Ford and starring Harry Carey .
Monty Python and the Holy Grail is a 1975 British surreal comedy film written and performed by the comedy group of Monty Python ( Graham Chapman , John Cleese , Terry Gilliam , Eric Idle , Terry Jones , and Michael Palin ) , and directed by Gilliam and Jones .
Manhattan Murder Mystery ( 1993 ) is a comedy murder mystery film , directed by and starring Woody Allen and written by Woody Allen and Marshall Brickman .
The Honey Pot , also known as The Honeypot , is a 1967 crime comedy - drama film written for the screen and directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz .
Fast Times at Ridgemont High is a 1982 American coming - of - age teen comedy film written by Cameron Crowe , adapted from his 1981 book of the same name .
100 Feet is a 2008 American horror film written and directed by Eric Red and starring Famke Janssen , Bobby Cannavale , Ed Westwick and Michael Paré .
Riding Alone for Thousands of Miles ( simplified Chinese : 千里走单骑 ; traditional Chinese : 千里走單騎 , Japanese : 単騎 , 千里を走る ) is a 2005 drama film directed by Zhang Yimou and starring Ken Takakura .
Comic book scribe Geoff Johns , who first wrote the season eight episode `` Legion '' , wrote both hours of `` Absolute Justice '' .
The movie was filmed a sequel in 2002 , Febbre da cavallo - La mandrakata directed by Carlo Vanzina ( son of Steno , whose real name was Stefano Vanzina ) , again starring Gigi Proietti .
Sheer Madness ( German : Heller Wahn , and also released as Friends and Husbands ) is a 1983 German arthouse drama film directed by Margarethe von Trotta .
Three Fugitives is a 1989 crime - comedy film written and directed by Francis Veber , starring Nick Nolte and Martin Short , and featuring Sarah Rowland Doroff , James Earl Jones and Alan Ruck in supporting roles .
Les Yeux cernés ( English title : Marked Eyes ) is a 1964 French thriller film directed by Robert Hossein who wrote original story .
My Man Godfrey is a 1936 American comedy - drama film directed by Gregory La Cava .
Napoleon and Samantha is a 1972 American adventure drama film directed by Bernard McEveety and written by Stewart Raffill .
The Rebound is a 2009 American romantic comedy film directed by Bart Freundlich , starring Catherine Zeta - Jones and Justin Bartha .
Une époque formidable ... is a French comedy - drama film directed by Gérard Jugnot , released in 1991 .
Naboer ( English : Next Door ) is a 2005 Norwegian psychological thriller film , directed by Pål Sletaune .
The Drums of Tabu ( also known as Fugitivos de las islas del sur and Tabu : le vergini di Samoa ) is a 1966 adventure film directed by Javier Setó and produced by Sidney W. Pink .
Roba da ricchi ( Stuff of rich ) is a 1987 Italian anthology comedy film directed by Sergio Corbucci .
They Live is a 1988 American satirical science fiction action horror film written and directed by John Carpenter .
The film began as a commission by Jean - Paul Belmondo to the screenwriter Jorge Semprún to develop a scenario about Stavisky .
Antropophagus ( released in the United Kingdom as Anthropophagous : The Beast and in the United States as The Grim Reaper ; also known as Zombie 7 ) is a 1980 Italian horror film directed by Joe D'Amato and co - written by D'Amato and George Eastman , who starred in the film as the monster .
He Knows You 're Alone ( also known as Blood Wedding ) is a 1980 American slasher film directed by Armand Mastroianni , written by Scott Parker , and starring Caitlin O'Heaney , Don Scardino and Paul Gleason .
Cats ' Play ( Hungarian : Macskajáték ) is a 1972 Hungarian drama film directed by Károly Makk .
Very Happy Alexander ( French : Alexandre le bienheureux , `` Blissful Alexander '' ) is a 1968 French comedy film , directed by Yves Robert , starring Philippe Noiret , Marlène Jobert and Françoise Brion .
Alois Nebel is a 2011 Czech animated drama film directed by Tomáš Luňák , based on the comic - book trilogy by Jaroslav Rudiš and Jaromír 99 .
Hollywood or Bust is a 1956 film comedy starring the team of Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis .
From Hell to Victory is a European Macaroni - War film directed in 1979 by Umberto Lenzi .
If You Go Down in the Woods Today is a British TV film comedy released in 1981 , written , directed and starring Eric Sykes , also featuring Fulton Mackay and Roy Kinnear amongst a cast of dozens .
The Dreaming Void is a science fiction novel by British writer Peter F. Hamilton , the first in his Void Trilogy .
Doomwyte is the 20th novel in the Redwall series by Brian Jacques .
`` Live Fast and Prosper '' is the 141st episode of Star Trek : Voyager , the 21st episode of the sixth season .
Puss n ' Toots is a 1942 one - reel animated cartoon and is the 6th Tom and Jerry short .
In Winter 's Shadow is the final book in a trilogy of fantasy novels written by Gillian Bradshaw .
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Mouse is a 1947 American one - reel animated cartoon and is the 30th Tom and Jerry short .
`` The Torrents of Greed '' is a two - part episode of NBC 's legal drama Law & Order .
Daisy Town is a Lucky Luke adventure written by Goscinny with Morris and illustrated by Morris .
Justin Taylor is a fictional character from the American / Canadian Showtime television series Queer as Folk , a drama about the lives of a group of gay men and women living in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
`` Remember the Monsters ? '' is the series finale of the Showtime television series Dexter .
Slawter is the third book in The Demonata series ( 4th chronologically ) written by Darren Shan .
The SEAT Ibiza is a supermini car manufactured by the Spanish automaker SEAT since 1984 .
`` Gimcrack & Bunkum '' is the fifth episode of the second season of the HBO television series Boardwalk Empire , and 17th episode overall .
Tinne is the Irish name of the eighth letter of the Ogham alphabet , ᚈ , meaning `` ingot '' or `` iron bar '' .
`` Treehouse of Horror XI '' is the first episode of The Simpsons ' twelfth season and the 249th overall , and the eleventh Halloween episode .
The Last Kingdom is the first historical novel in The Saxon Stories by Bernard Cornwell , published in 2004 .
The Scarlet Letters is an English language novel published in 1953 by American author Ellery Queen .
`` The Lame Duck Congress '' is the 28th episode of The West Wing which aired November 8 , 2000 , the day following the 2000 United States Presidential election .
`` Arrow on the Doorpost '' is the thirteenth episode of the third season of the post - apocalyptic horror television series The Walking Dead .
`` That 's Lobstertainment ! '' is the eighth episode in season three of Futurama .
Huckleberry Hound Meets Wee Willie is the very first pilot episode of the Huckleberry Hound cartoon series , debuting in the premiere segment of The Huckleberry Hound Show on October 2 , 1958 .
The Girls Want to Go to a Nightclub is the second filmed episode of I Love Lucy but the first one aired .
`` A Fish Called Selma '' is the nineteenth episode of The Simpsons ' seventh season and originally aired on March 24 , 1996 .
`` Friend with Benefit '' is the sixth episode of the twenty - seventh season of the animated television series The Simpsons , and the 580th episode of the series overall .
A Wizard of Mars is the ninth novel in the Young Wizards series by Diane Duane .
Dragon Flame is the fourteenth novel in the long - running Nick Carter - Killmaster series of spy novels .
`` Crazy as a Soup Sandwich '' is the sixty - fourth episode and the twenty - ninth episode of the third season ( 1988 - -89 ) of the television series The Twilight Zone .
The Vanishing Duck is a 1958 one reel animated Tom and Jerry short , directed and produced by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera with music by Scott Bradley .
`` Treehouse of Horror XXII '' is the third episode of the twenty - third season and the twenty - second Halloween episode of the animated comedy series The Simpsons .
`` Remedial Chaos Theory '' is the third ( aired as fourth ) episode of the third season of the U.S. television series Community .
Renegade of Callisto is a science fiction novel written by Lin Carter , the eighth and last in his Callisto series .
Chromolume No . 7 is the 128th episode of the ABC television series , Desperate Housewives .
`` Nightmare at 20,000 Feet '' is episode 123 of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone , based on the short story of the same name by Richard Matheson , first published in Alone by Night ( 1961 ) .
Ana Ligia Fabian Hernández ( born November 7 , 1988 in Santo Domingo ) is a female volleyball player from the Dominican Republic , who participated with the at the 2007 Junior World Championship in Thailand .
Dolores Cross is an educator and university administrator who became the first female president of Chicago State University ( 1990 ) and Morris Brown College ( MBC ) ( 1998 - -2002 ) .
Cédric Plançon ( born April 20 , 1969 in Lille , Nord ) is a retired male weightlifter from France .
Niels Pittomvils ( born 18 July 1992 ) is a male Decathlete from Belgium .
Kateryna Burmistrova ( Ukrainian : Катерина Володимирівна Бурмістрова , sometimes written as Burmystrova , born 20 November 1979 ) is a Ukrainian female wrestler .
Serfoji I did not have a legitimate male offspring of his own .
Karina Fernández Madrigal ( born June 22 , 1978 ) is a female athlete from Costa Rica .
Alisa Melekhina ( born June 26 , 1991 ) is one of the top female chess players in the United States , a classically trained ballerina , and an alumna of the University of Pennsylvania Law School .
Cho Chun - ying ( Chinese : 卓春英 ; pinyin : Zhuó Chūnyīng ; Wade -- Giles : Chuó Chūn - yīng ) , a Taiwanese female politician , is the deputy secretary of the Republic of China Presidential Office Department of Public Affairs .
Dezarie is a female roots reggae singer born in St. Croix , U.S. Virgin Islands .
Prince Michał Serwacy Wiśniowiecki ( 1680 - -1744 ) was a Polish nobleman , magnate , politician , diplomat , general , a successful military commander and the last male representative of the Wiśniowiecki family .
Joanna Jóźwik ( born 30 January 1991 in Wałbrzych ) is a Polish female middle distance runner , who specializes in the 800 metres .
Haywoode ( Sidney Haywoode , London ) is an English female singer .
Ubaldina Valoyes Cuesta ( born July 6 , 1982 in Quidbo , Chocó ) is a female weightlifter from Colombia .
SPC Lizbeth Robles ( April 4 , 1973 -- March 1 , 2005 ) was a female soldier born in Puerto Rico that died in Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Joke van Beusekom ( born 23 June 1952 in Wassenaar , Zuid - Holland ) is a retired female badminton player from the Netherlands .
Josane Sigart ( French pronunciation : ​(ʒɔzan siɡaʁ ) ; 7 January 1909 -- 20 August 1999 ) was a Belgian female tennis player who was active in the 1930s .
Justice Anna Chandy ( 1905 - 1996 ) was the first female judge in India and also the first woman in India to become a high court judge .
Semra Yetiş ( born October 1 , 1987 ) is a Turkish female professional road cyclist and mountain biker riding for Ankara Gençlik Hizmetleri SK .
Lin Yanfen ( Chinese : 林燕芬 ; born January 4 , 1971 ) is a Chinese female badminton player of the 1990s .
Jacqueline Makokha or Jackline Makokha ( born 15 November 1974 ) is a former Kenyan female volleyball player .
Vanessa Virgen Zepeda ( born July 11 , 1984 in Manzanillo , Colima ) is a female beach volleyball player from Mexico , who played during the Swatch FIVB World Tour 2005 playing with Alejandra Acosta and 2006 , playing with Diana Estrada .
In 2011 his work featured in the Black London 's Film Heritage Project , with the compilation Big City Stories including Reckord 's 1963 film Ten Bob in Winter , as well an excerpt from the television play by his brother entitled You in Your Small Corner , in which Lloyd Reckord played the lead male character .
Yasemin Şahin ( born June 25 , 1988 in Ankara , Turkey ) is a Turkish female handballer playing in left wing position .
June Millington ( born April 14 , 1948 ) is a Filipino American guitarist , songwriter , producer , educator , and actress who is perhaps best known for being a co - founder and lead guitarist of the all - female rock band Fanny , which was active from 1970 to 1974 .
Vivienne Spence - Gardner ( born 22 January 1965 ) is a retired female sprinter from Jamaica , who mainly competed in the women 's 100 metres during her career .
Colette Nelson ( born April 5 , 1974 ) is an American professional female bodybuilder and women 's physique competitor .
Tijana Milojević ( born 10 September 1998 ) is a female volleyball player from Serbia .
Katherine Jashinski ( born 1982 ) was the first female soldier to refuse duty in American military operations following September 11 , 2001 .
Estefania Aldaba - Lim , Ph.D. ( 1917 -- March 7 , 2006 ) was the first female secretary of any Cabinet of the Philippines , serving as Secretary of Social Services and Development from 1971 to 1977 .
Valérie André ( born 21 April 1922 in Strasbourg ) is a veteran of the French resistance , a neurosurgeon , an aviator and the first female member of the military to achieve the rank of General Officer , in 1976 , as Physician General .
Sümeyra Kaya - Yazıcı , née Kaya , is a European champion Turkish female boxer competing in the flyweight division .
Ilija Bozoljac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Илија Бозољац ; Serbian pronunciation : ( ˈilija bɔˈzɔːʎats ) ) ( born August 2 , 1985 ) is a professional male tennis player from Serbia .
Maria Jonae Palmgren ( 1630 , Gränna - before 28 May 1708 ) was a Swedish female scholar .
Naoko Sato ( born 2 January 1955 ) is a retired Japanese female professional tennis player .
Lawrence Colwell , Jr. , aka Charles Durrant , a 35-year - old white male , was voluntarily executed by lethal injection at the Nevada State Prison in Carson City , Nevada on March 26 , 2004 .
Zehava Ben ( Hebrew : זהבה בן‎ , Arabic : زهافا بن‎ ; born November 8 , 1968 ) is one of the most popular Israeli female vocalists in the Mizrahi music genre ; the Middle Eastern - style of singing rising from Israel 's Mizrahi Jewish population , dominating Israeli music in the 1990s and popular ever since .
Greta Duréel and her female accomplices acquired large sums from the bank using this method :
Judit Kovács ( born 7 June 1969 in Debrecen , Hajdú - Bihar ) is a retired female high jumper from Hungary .
Lu Lan ( born May 2 , 1987 in Changzhou , Jiangsu ) is a female badminton player from China .
Charlotta von Liewen is also confirmed to have been an agent of the French ambassador , Charles Louis de Biaudos de Casteja , who was known for his network of agents during his tenure in Sweden , especially female ones , such as Margareta Gyllenstierna and Hedvig Catharina Lillie .
Terril Davis ( born April 21 , 1968 ) is a retired male middle distance runner from the United States , who specialized in the 800-meter run .
Andrea Ghiurghi ( born December 15 , 1966 in Varese ) is a male beach volleyball player from Italy , who competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta for his native country .
Somrot Kamsing ( Thai : สมรถ คำสิงห์ , born 1971 - 09 - 24 ) is a retired male boxer from Thailand , who competed for his Asian country at the 1996 Summer Olympics .
Lin Que ( born Lin Que Ayoung 7 September 1969 ) is a female hip - hop artist .
Sariye Kumral ( born 23 February 1979 ) is a Turkish professional female basketball player of Galatasaray Medical Park .
Alla Jakovleva ( also written as Alla Jakowlewa and Alla Yakovleva ) is a retired Soviet Union female road cyclist .
In July 2013 Hayley Marie Norman was chosen as the female lead in L.A. Rangers , a webseries for the CW network .
Bashir Ramzy ( born 4 May 1979 in Las Cruces , New Mexico ) is a male American long jumper .
Xue Ming ( Chinese : 薛明 ; pinyin : Xuē Míng ; born 23 February 1987 in Beijing ) is a female Chinese volleyball player .
Peggy Gilbert earned renown as a female jazz musician , with a career that lasted more than 80 years .
Chitra Fernando ( 1935 - -1998 ) was a female writer and critic from Sri Lanka .
Vaughn Scott ( born 11 January 1990 ) is a male Taekwondo fighter who represented New Zealand in the 2012 Summer Olympics in London in the Men 's -80 kg weight class .
Ora Alexander was an American classic female blues singer .
Valdas Kazlauskas ( born February 23 , 1958 in the Vilnius , Lithuania ) is a retired male racewalker and athletics coach from Lithuania .
Gretchen Abaniel ( her name also transliterated as Gretchen Albaniel ; born 21 December 1985 in Puerto Princesa City , Palawan , Philippines ) is a Filipino professional boxer she won the WIBA Women 's International Boxing Association minimumweight title and the WBC International female minimumweight title ( 2007 ) .
Li Jinhe ( Chinese : 李金河 ; born 22 May 1964 ) is a male Chinese weightlifter .
Larissa Muldoon ( b. March 11 , 1991 ) is a female rugby union player .
Ron Wallwork ( born 26 May 1941 ) is a retired male race walker from England , who represented his home nation at the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games .
Irina Soldatova ( Cyrillic:Ирина Солдатова ; 1965 in Cheboksary , Chuvash Republic , USSR -- 2002 ) was a female Russian archer .
The Ukrainian Hockey Championship ( Ukrainian : Чемпіонат України з Хокею , Chempionat Ukrayiny z Khokeyu ) is an annual ice hockey award and national title , bestowed to the ice hockey organization judged to have the best performing team in Ukraine , founded in 1992 .
The 1994 Family Circle Cup was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Sea Pines Plantation on Hilton Head Island , South Carolina in the United States that was part of Tier I of the 1994 WTA Tour .
The 2015 Chinese Figure Skating Championships ( Chinese : 2014/2015年全国花样滑冰锦标赛 ) are a national figure skating competition in the 2014 - -2015 season .
Tomasz Wójtowicz ( born 22 September 1953 ) is a former Polish volleyball player , a member of Polish national team in 1973 - 1984 , Olympic Champion 1976 , World Champion 1974 , silver medalist of the European Championship ( 1975 , 1977 , 1979 , 1983 ) .
The 2013 Men 's Pan - American Volleyball Cup was the eighth edition of the annual men 's volleyball tournament , played by seven countries .
The Derbyshire Arrows , often known as simply The Arrows , are a basketball club based in Killamarsh , Derbyshire .
The Hutt Valley Lakers were a New Zealand professional basketball team based in Hutt Valley , Wellington that competed in the National Basketball League ( NBL ) during the 1990s .
Franco Properzi Curti ( born Dehradun , India , 4 November 1965 ) is a former Indian - born Italian rugby union player and a current assistant coach .
Thomas Wilson Barnes ( 1825 - -1874 ) was an English chess master , one of the leading British masters of his time .
The Pakistan Golf Federation , also known as the PGF , is Pakistan national association of golf courses , clubs and facilities and the governing body of golf for Pakistan .
Giorvis Duvergel ( born September 8 , 1979 ) is an olympic baseball player for Cuba .
Besta United PNG is a semi - professional association football club , based in Lae , Papua New Guinea .
Brady Heslip ( born June 19 , 1990 ) is a Canadian professional basketball player who currently plays for Pallacanestro Cantù of the Lega Basket Serie A. He played college basketball for Baylor University and represents Canada in international competition .
The 1989 Virginia Slims of Washington was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Patriot Center in Fairfax , Virginia in the United States and was part of Tier II of the 1989 WTA Tour .
The 1960 European Figure Skating Championships was a figure skating competition sanctioned by the International Skating Union in which figure skaters competed for the title of European Champion .
An Eephus pitch ( also spelled Ephus ) in baseball is a very low speed junk pitch .
Henriette Henriksen ( born June 12 , 1970 in Stavanger ) is a Norwegian team handball player and Olympic medalist .
Behra - Porsche was a Formula One constructor competing briefly in 1959 and 1960 .
Aleš Vodseďálek ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈalɛʃ ˈvotsɛɟaːlɛk ) ) ( born March 5 , 1985 ) is a Czech Nordic combined skier from Jilemnice who has competed since 2003 .
The Texas League is a minor league baseball league which operates in the South Central United States .
The Free Internet Chess Server ( FICS ) is a volunteer - run Internet chess server .
Christos Zoupas ( Greek : Χρήστος Ζούπας ) is a retired Greek professional basketball player .
East Molesey Cricket Club is a cricket club in Molesey , Surrey .
The Kazakhstan Hockey Cup is the national ice hockey cup in Kazakhstan .
Matt Mangene ( born March 12 , 1989 ) is an American professional ice hockey player currently playing with the Texas Stars of the American Hockey League ( AHL ) .
Mike Martin Field at Dick Howser Stadium is a baseball venue located in Tallahassee , Florida , United States , located adjacent to Doak Campbell Stadium on the campus of Florida State University .
Can Korkmaz ( born October 21 , 1992 ) is a Turkish professional basketball player .
SG Bornim is a German association football club based in Bornim , an Ortsteil of Potsdam in Brandenburg .
Akwasi Owusu - Ansah ( /əˈkwɑːsi oʊˈwuːsuː ˈɑːnsɑː/ ə - KWAH - see o - WOO - soo AHN - sah ; born April 10 , 1988 ) is an American football cornerback for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League ( CFL ) .
SV Stegersbach is an Austrian association football club playing in the Austrian BVZ Burgenland Liga for the season 2010/2011 .
The Virginia Slims of Nashville is a defunct WTA Tour tennis tournament held in Nashville , Tennessee between 1973 and 1984 and at the Maryland Farms Racquet Club in Brentwood , Tennessee between 1988 and 1991 .
Anne Shilcock ( born 13 June 1932 ) is a British former tennis player who was active in the 1950s .
The 2008 FFSA Premier League was the third edition of the FFSA Premier League as the second level domestic association football competition in South Australia .
The 2012 Estonian Figure Skating Championships ( Estonian : Eesti Meistrivõistlused 2012 ) were the Estonian Figure Skating Championships of the 2011 - 2012 figure skating season .
Dane Carlaw ( born 21 February 1980 in Brisbane , Queensland ) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s and 2010s .
OV Helsingborg HK , is a handball team from Helsingborg , Sweden founded in 1994 .
Lennox Lewis vs. Henry Akinwande was a professional boxing match contested on July 12 , 1997 , for the WBC Heavyweight Championship .
The International Surfing Association ( ISA ) , founded in 1964 , is recognized by the International Olympic Committee as the world governing authority for surfing , standup paddle racing and surfing , bodysurfing , wakesurfing , and all other wave riding activities on any type of waves , and on flat water using wave riding equipment .
Stig Lundholm ( 14 November 1917 in Luleå , Sweden -- 2009 ) was a Swedish chess master .
The Big Chill at the Big House ( a.k.a . Cold War II ) was an outdoor college ice hockey game played on December 11 , 2010 , at Michigan Stadium at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor .
Hardy Sauter ( born February 25 , 1971 ) is a Canadian former ice hockey defenseman and coach .
Danielle Robinson ( born May 10 , 1989 ) is a professional basketball player who plays for the San Antonio Stars of the Women 's National Basketball Association ( WNBA ) .
The University of Gloucestershire All Golds are a rugby league team based at the University of Gloucestershire , Cheltenham , Gloucestershire .
The 2008 NCAA Women 's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 64 teams playing in a single - elimination tournament to determine the 2007 - -08 national champion of women 's NCAA Division I college basketball .
The NWA Central States Heavyweight Championship is a professional wrestling championship that currently serves as the main title for the National Wrestling Alliance promotion , NWA Central - States Championship Wrestling .
Justin Tubbs ( born November 19 , 1987 ) is an American professional basketball player for the Homenetmen of the Lebanese Basketball League .
Karl Stewart ( born June 30 , 1983 in Aurora , Ontario ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who played in the National Hockey League before finishing his career with the Straubing Tigers of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga ( DEL ) .
The Badminton Players Federation ( BPF ) is an independent organisation of badminton which was founded in 1972 by Danish World Champion Steen Fladberg with the mission of creating a more profitable structure in the badminton arena , to make the sport more enjoyable and to promote badminton .
FC Dynamo Saint Petersburg is an association football club from Saint Petersburg , in Northwest Russia .
The BetFred League of Legends was a darts tournament featuring some of the legends of the game of darts which commenced in May 2008 .
Ross McMillan born 2 June 1987 in Chesterfield , England is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Greene King IPA Championship .
Naoya Ogawa ( 小川 直也 Ogawa Naoya , born 31 March 1968 ) is a Japanese former world judo champion , Olympic silver medalist , professional wrestler and mixed martial artist .
Sporting Olympique Avignon also known as Avignon XIII or SO Avignon are a professional rugby league team based in Avignon in the south of France .
Dustin Hopkins ( born October 1 , 1990 ) is an American football kicker for the Washington Redskins of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
The 1981 Women 's Hockey World Cup , held in Buenos Aires , Argentina , was the fourth edition of the Women 's Hockey World Cup field hockey tournament .
David van Zanten ( born 8 May 1982 ) is an Irish professional association football player who currently plays for Scottish League One side Airdrieonians .
The Northern Sharks is a former Fijian rugby union team that had a franchise area coverering Vanua Levu , Taveuni , Ovalau , and Island Zone .
The Volvo Cross Country Challenge was an unofficial women 's professional golf event on the Ladies European Tour .
The International Gymnastics Hall of Fame , located in Oklahoma City , USA , is a hall of fame dedicated to honoring the achievements and contributions of the world 's greatest competitors , coaches and authorities in artistic gymnastics .
Earl Spencer Dunkley , ( born September 5 , 1969 ) was a former basketball player from the UK .
The 2010 Grand Slam of Darts was the fourth staging of the darts tournament , the Grand Slam of Darts organised by the Professional Darts Corporation .
Jan Benda ( born April 28 , 1972 ) is a German ice hockey player and coach .
Walter Luckett , Jr. is an American former basketball player who is best known for his career at the high school and college levels .
M.C. Caceres is a Filipino retired professional basketball player who last played for the Coca - Cola Tigers in the Philippine Basketball Association .
Caushaud Lyons ( born January 3 , 1993 ) is an American football Defensive end for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League .
The Dunst Opening is a chess opening where White opens with the move : 1 .
Elmārs Zemgalis ( 9 September 1923 -- 8 December 2014 ) , was a Latvian - American chess master and mathematics professor .
Lim Chang - yong ( Hangul : 임창용 ; born June 4 , 1976 ) is a South Korean professional baseball right - handed pitcher .
The West of Scotland Cricket Club is a large cricket club based in Glasgow , Scotland .
The 1997 WTA German Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Rot - Weiss Tennis Club in Berlin in Germany that was part of Tier I of the 1997 WTA Tour .
The 2014 Florida Gators football team represented the University of Florida in the sport of American football during the 2014 college football season .
The 2005 Women 's World Amateur Boxing Championships was an international women 's boxing competition hosted by Russia from September 25 to October 2 , 2005 in Podolsk .
The Scotland Sevens was a rugby union sevens tournament that was part of the Sevens World Series .
The 2015 NHK Trophy was an international figure skating competition in the 2015 - -16 season .
Smith 's Ballpark ( formerly known as Franklin Quest Field , later Franklin Covey Field , and most recently Spring Mobile Ballpark ) is a baseball park in Salt Lake City , Utah .
Yen Hsing - su ( born September 8 , 1978 ) , also known as Johnny Yen , is a Taiwanese basketball coach and former basketball player , singer and actor .
Sofoklis Schortsanitis ( Greek : Σοφοκλής Σχορτσιανίτης ) ( born 22 June 1985 ) is a Greek - Cameroonian professional basketball player who plays for PAOK of the Greek Basket League .
PlunderChess is a chess variant in which the capturing piece is allowed to temporarily take the moving abilities of the piece taken .
Martin Erat ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈmarcɪn ˈɛrat ) ) ( born August 28 , 1981 ) is a Czech professional ice hockey player currently under contract to Avangard Omsk Region of the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .
Ezio Bertuzzo ( 23 July 1952 -- 23 February 2014 ) was an Italian association football coach and player , whose career as a striker spanned from the mid-1960s until 1987 .
Alexey Dreev ( Russian : Алексей Дреев ; born 20 January 1969 ) is a Russian chess grandmaster .
The Swiss Indoors is a professional men 's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts .
Antoaneta Stefanova ( Bulgarian : Антоанета Стефанова ; born 19 April 1979 ) is a Bulgarian chess grandmaster , Women 's World Chess Champion from 2004 to 2006 and European Women 's Champion of 2002 .
Jovica Arsić ( born in Leskovac , Serbia , November 3 , 1968 ) ( Serbian : Јовица Арсић , Macedonian : Јовица Арсиќ , Ukrainian : Йовіца Арсіч ) is a Serbian professional basketball coach .
Charis Papageorgiou ( alternate spelling : Haris ) ( Greek : Χάρης Παπαγεωργίου ; born March 26 , 1953 in Thessaloniki , Greece ) is a Greek retired professional basketball player .
The 1999 FAI Cup Final was the deciding match of the 1998 - 99 FAI Cup , the national association football cup of Ireland .
Sébastien Lacroix ( born 20 April 1983 ) is a French Nordic combined skier who has competed between 2001 and 2015 .
Ulriken Elite is a Norwegian basketball team .
The 2010 Commonwealth Bank Tournament of Champions was a singles - only tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts .
The Dapper Dan Open was a professional golf tournament on the PGA Tour that was played intermittently in the 1930s and 1940s .
Angela James ( born December 22 , 1964 ) is a Canadian former ice hockey player who played at the highest levels of senior hockey between 1980 and 2000 .
Ron Thomas ( born November 19 , 1950 in Louisville , Kentucky ) played basketball at both the college and professional level in the United States .
Nick Dodge ( born 1 May 1986 in Oakville , Ontario ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey right wing .
The Copenhagen Masters is a high - ranking tournament in badminton .
Federico Ramiro Mor ( born December 12 , 1962 in Madrid , Spain ) is a retired basketball player .
The Royal Spanish Athletics Federation ( Spanish : Real Federación Española de Atletismo , RFEA ) , is the governing body for the sport of athletics in Spain .
Sven Salumaa is a former professional tour tennis player who mostly played tour tennis in doubles .
The Carnival of Champions , as Don King nicknamed it , was an important boxing event held in New Orleans 's Louisiana Superdome on December 3 , 1982 .
The Legends Football League ( LFL ) is a women 's 7-on-7 tackle American football league , with games played in the spring and summer at NBA , NFL , NHL and MLS arenas and stadiums .
The 2001 Adidas International was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the NSW Tennis Centre in Sydney in Australia that was part of the International Series of the 2001 ATP Tour and of Tier II of the 2001 WTA Tour .
Jiří Hřebec ( born 19 September 1950 , in Teplice ) is a retired Czech professional tennis player .
Union Kavala B.C. is a Greek professional basketball club that is located in Kavala , Greece .
The AFC Asian Cup is an international association football tournament run by the Asian Football Confederation ( AFC ) .
Pål Trulsen ( born 19 April 1962 in Drøbak , Norway ) is a Norwegian curler from Hosle in Bærum , and was the 2002 Olympic curling men 's champion .
The Senior PGA Championship is one of the five major championships in men 's senior golf .
The United States Australian Football League ( USAFL ) is a governing body for Australian rules football in the United States .
Dragan Todorić ( Serbian : Драган Тодорић ; born July 27 , 1954 ) , is a Serbian former professional basketball player and current sport director of Partizan Belgrade .
Chris Marinelli ( born March 3 , 1987 in Braintree , Massachusetts ) is former American football offensive tackle .
Malik Dixon ( born in September 7 , 1975 ) is an American former professional basketball player .
Viktor Radev ( Bulgarian : Виктор Бонев Радев ) ( November 19 , 1936 -- August 31 , 2014 ) was a Bulgarian basketball player .
Klaus - Peter Thaler ( born 14 May 1949 in Eckmannshausen , North Rhine - Westphalia ) was a professional cyclist between 1976 and 1988 , successful in road - racing and cyclo - cross .
The 2007 Crystal Skate of Romania was the Crystal Skate of Romania competition for the 2007 - -2008 figure skating season .
Lindsay Bowen ( born October 25 , 1983 ) is a former American professional women 's basketball player .
The Six Days of Amsterdam ( Dutch : Zesdaagse van Amsterdam ) is an annual six - day track cycling race held annually at the Amsterdam Velodrome in Amsterdam , the Netherlands .
Gary Ervin ( born August 9 , 1983 ) is an American professional basketball player who last played for Chorale Roanne Basket of the French LNB Pro B. He played college basketball for Mississippi State University and the University of Arkansas .
The 2014 Aegon Trophy was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor grass courts .
The 1983 Porsche Classic was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts in Stuttgart , Germany that was part of the 1983 Virginia Slims World Championship Series .
Eugenio Amore ( born February 12 , 1972 in Vergato ) is a beach volleyball player from Italy .
The Águilas de Mexicali ( Mexicali Eagles ) is a Mexican Pro baseball team playing for the Liga Mexicana del Pacífico ( Mexican Pacific League ) based in Mexicali , Baja California , Mexico The team was founded on October 14 , 1976 .
The 2008 Tunis Open was a 2008 ATP Challenger Series tennis tournament .
The Chicago Cubs are an American professional baseball team located on the North Side of Chicago , Illinois .
The 2002 Women 's World Amateur Boxing Championships was an international women 's boxing competition hosted by Turkey from October 21 to 27 2002 in Antalya .
Boban Marjanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бобан Марјановић ; born August 15 , 1988 ) is a Serbian professional basketball player for the San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) .
Wolfsberger AC are an Austrian association football club from Wolfsberg , Carinthia .
Pierre - Gilles Lakafia ( b. 13 March 1987 in Tours , Indre - et - Loire , France ) is a French rugby union player .
Milan Hejduk ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈmɪlan ˈɦɛjduk ) ; born February 14 , 1976 ) is a retired Czech professional ice hockey forward .
Nienke Kremers ( born 21 February 1985 in Eindhoven , Noord - Brabant ) is a Dutch field hockey player , who plays as a midfielder for Dutch club HC Den Bosch .
Fulvio Lorigiola ( born Padova , 6 January 1959 ) is a former Italian rugby union player , a current sports executive and a lawyer .
Erubiel Durazo Cárdenas ( born January 23 , 1975 ) is a Mexican former professional baseball player .
The Connecticut Crushers are a women 's American football team based in Hartford , and a member of the Independent Women 's Football League since 2009 .
JayVaughn Pinkston ( born November 27 , 1991 ) is an American basketball player who completed his college career for Villanova University .
Don Schlundt ( March 15 , 1933 -- October 10 , 1985 ) was an American college basketball player .
SC Genemuiden is a Dutch amateur association football club from Genemuiden , part of the municipality of Zwartewaterland , Overijssel .
Olympique de Paris was a French association football team based in Paris which existed from 1895 to 1926 .
Arthur James Willard ( 22 April 1893 -- 10 June 1968 ) , also known as Anthony Willard or Jim Willard , was an Australian tennis player .
The 2012 Rugby Championship was the inaugural annual rugby union series between the national rugby union teams of New Zealand , Australia , South Africa , and Argentina .
The 1996 Cairns Cyclones season was the first season that the Cairns Cyclones rugby league team competed in the inaugural Queensland Cup .
The 2012 BWF Super Series Masters Finals was a top level badminton competition which was held from December 12 to December 16 , 2012 in Shenzhen , China .
Diana Gandega ( born June 2 , 1983 , in Paris ) is a French - Malian women 's basketball player .
Martina Guiggi ( born 1 May 1984 , Pisa ) is an Italian volleyball player who plays as a middle blocker .
The Greenbrier Classic is a golf tournament on the PGA Tour , played on The Old White TPC at The Greenbrier in White Sulphur Springs , West Virginia .
Abdul Gaddy Jr. ( born January 26 , 1992 ) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for Virtus Bologna of the Lega Basket Serie A.
The Mexican National Women 's Championship ( Campeonato Nacional Femenil in Spanish ) is a professional wrestling championship for female wrestlers created and sanctioned by the Comisión de Box y Lucha Libre Mexico D.F. ( the Mexico City Boxing and Wrestling Commission ) .
The Swedish Ice Hockey Association ( SIHA ) or Svenska Ishockeyförbundet in Swedish , is an association of Swedish sports clubs with ice hockey activities .
The Tim Hortons Brier , or simply ( and more commonly ) the Brier , is the annual Canadian men 's curling championship , sanctioned by the Canadian Curling Association ( CCA ) .
The Brazil International , also known as São Paulo International , is the most important international open badminton tournament of Brazil .
Tristan Scherwey ( born May 7 , 1991 ) is a Swiss professional ice hockey Winger .
The Japan Davis Cup team represents Japan in Davis Cup tennis competition and is governed by the Japan Tennis Association .
The Orangeville A 's are a Canadian professional basketball franchise based in Orangeville , Ontario .
HAOK Mladost Zagreb is a professional volleyball team based in Zagreb , Croatia which is part of the HAŠK Mladost sports society .
David Gonzalvez ( born October 29 , 1987 ) is an American professional basketball player for Kouvot in the Korisliiga .
Taufik Hidayat ( born 10 August 1981 in Bandung , West Java ) is a retired Indonesian badminton player .
The 1991 FIBA Centennial Jubilee Basketball Tournament was the special edition tournament of the Acropolis International Basketball Tournament that was organized jointly by FIBA Europe and the Hellenic Basketball Federation to commemorate the 100 year anniversary of the sport of basketball .
International Sports Management Limited ( `` ISM '' ) is a sports management agency based in Cheshire , England that represents leading figures from the sports of golf and cricket .
The Barreteros de Zacatecas was a Mexican professional basketball team based in Zacatecas , Zacatecas , Mexico playing in the Southern Division of the Liga Nacional de Baloncesto Profesional ( LNBP ) .
Elizabeth Cromwell ( née Bourchier ; 1598 - -1665 ) was the wife of Oliver Cromwell , Lord Protector of England , Scotland and Ireland .
Constance of Austria ( German : Konstanza ; Polish : Konstancja ; 24 December 1588 -- 10 July 1631 ) was queen of Poland as the second wife of King Sigismund III Vasa and the mother of King John II Casimir .
Barbara Minty , also known as Barbara Minty McQueen , is a former fashion model who was the third wife and , after his death , the widow of American film star Steve McQueen .
Madlena Zepter , Madlena Janković is wife of the Philip Zepter , Serbian businessman .
Betty Kaunda , born Beatrice Kaweche Banda ( 17 November 1928 -- 18 September 2012 ) , was the wife of Zambia 's first president Kenneth Kaunda , and the First Lady of Zambia from 1964 to 1991 .
Ahasuerus is given as the name of the King of Persia in the Book of Esther .
Gladys Yang ( Chinese : 戴乃迭 ; pinyin : Dài Nǎidié ; 19 January 1919 -- 18 November 1999 ) was a British translator of Chinese literature and the wife of another noted literary translator , Yang Xianyi .
When Liu Qi died shortly after Liu Bei secured his position in the area , the latter succeeded the former as the new governor of Jing Province , and went to Jianye to marry Sun Quan 's younger sister Lady Sun in order to legitimatise his succession .
Mary Anita Thigpen Perry ( born May 5 , 1952 ) is the longest - serving First Lady of Texas , and the wife of Governor Rick Perry , who was in office from 2000 to 2015 .
Jean - Daniel Lafond CC ( born 18 August 1944 ) is a French - born Canadian filmmaker , ex - teacher of philosophy , and the husband to the former Governor General Michaëlle Jean , making him the Viceregal Consort of Canada during her service .
Martha Washington ( née Dandridge ; June 13 ( O.S. June 2 ) 1731 - - May 22 , 1802 ) was the wife of George Washington , the first president of the United States .
Catherine Vasa ( Swedish : Katarina Gustavsdotter Vasa ; 6 June 1539 -- 21 December 1610 ) was a Swedish princess , and the Countess consort of East Frisia as the spouse of Edzard II , Count of East Frisia .
The wife of medical doctor and numismatist Charles Patin , and daughter of medical doctor and letter writer Guy Patin , Madeleine Patin wrote philosophical and moral reflections .
Princess Marie Anne of Saxe - Altenburg ( 14 March 1864 -- 3 May 1918 ) was the consort of Georg , Prince of Schaumburg - Lippe .
It was organized by the king 's foster brother , Helmichis , with the support of Alboin 's wife , Rosamund , daughter of the Gepid king whom Alboin had killed some years earlier .
Eleanor Percy , Duchess of Northumberland ( 1820 - -1911 ) was the wife of Algernon Percy , 4th Duke of Northumberland .
Buckleya is a genus of hemiparasitic shrubs in the sandalwood family .
Caloschemia pulchra is a species of moth of the Callidulidae family .
Alternaria alternata is a fungus which has been recorded causing leaf spot and other diseases on over 380 host species of plant .
Androlaelaps fahrenholzi is a species of mite in the genus Androlaelaps of the family Laelapidae .
Senecio integerrimus is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names lambstongue ragwort and tall western groundsel .
Rubus tardatusis a rare North American species of flowering plant in the rose family .
Melibe viridis is a species of sea slug , a nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tethydidae .
Erigeron lanatus is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name woolly fleabane .
Ornithomimoides ( `` bird mimic - like '' ) is a dubious genus of small theropod dinosaur , from the Late Cretaceous period ( Maastrichtian stage , sometime between 70 - -66 mya ) of India .
Nothobranchius kirki , the redfin notho , is a species of African rivuline endemic to Malawi where it occurs in the drainages of Lake Malawi and Lake Chilwa .
The only species is Ikakogi tayrona , or the Magdalena giant glass frog .
Vriesea amethystina is a species of tropical epiphyte of the genus Vriesea .
Pachypodium rutenbergianum is a species of Pachypodium originated from and native to Madagascar .
Acanthophoenix crinita is a species of palm which is endemic to Réunion .
The species name Venerupis decussata ( Linnaeus , 1758 ) is considered valid by the World Register of Marine Species ( WoRMS ) with a range limited to the north east Atlantic Ocean .
Lasiancistrus tentaculatus is a species of armored catfish found in the Orinoco River basin of Colombia and Venezuela .
Stictoleptura deyrollei is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that is endemic to Turkey and North Iran .
The Icaleptidae are a small family of neotropical harvestmen within the suborder Laniatores .
Emoia atrocostata , commonly known as the mangrove skink , is a species of lizard in the family Scincidae .
Asteracmea suteri is a species of sea snail or true limpet , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Lottiidae .
Bifidobacterium dentium is a species of bacteria in the genus Bifidobacterium , branched anaerobic bacteria from the Bifidobacteriaceae family .
Felimida socorroensis is a species of colourful sea slug , a dorid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae
Euphorbia myrsinites , the myrtle spurge , blue spurge , or broad - leaved glaucous - spurge , is a succulent species of the spurge ( family Euphorbiaceae ) .
Orientopsaltria is a genus of cicadas from Southeast Asia .
Ziziphus parryi is a species of flowering plant in the buckthorn family known by the common name Parry 's jujube .
Epitonium minora is a species of small predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Epitoniidae , the wentletraps .
Macquarie perch are a relatively placid native fish species with the bulk of their diet consisting of aquatic invertebrates such as caddisfly , stonefly and mayfly species , with a small quantity of terrestrial insects taken as well .
Schoenoplectus americanus ( syn . Scirpus americanus ) is a species of flowering plant in the sedge family known by the common names chairmaker 's bulrush and Olney 's three - square bulrush .
Colostethus fraterdanieli ( common name : Santa Rita rocket frog ) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family .
Oiceoptoma is a genus of carrion beetles .
Atriplex amnicola , commonly known as river saltbush or swamp saltbush , is a species of shrub in the Amaranthaceae family .
Acer chaneyi is an extinct maple species in the family Sapindaceae described from a number of fossil leaves and samaras .
Polistes gallicus ( also historically referred to as Polistes foederatus ) is a fairly common species of paper wasp found in various parts of Europe , excluding England , Denmark , and Scandinavia , from warmer climates to cooler regions north of the Alps .
Chiloglanis lukugae is a species of upside - down catfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it is found in the Luvua River drainage .
Raphia australis , the giant palm or rafia , is a species of raffia palm in the Arecaceae family .
Labrisomus guppyi , the Mimic blenny , is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the western Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea from south Florida to Fernando de Noronha where it inhabits such areas as reefs , near shore areas with rock or rubble covered in algae and beds of seagrass .
Absconditella amabilis is a species of fungi within the Stictidaceae family , first found in inland rainforests of British Columbia .
Eriogonum vimineum is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name wickerstem buckwheat .
Arctosa stigmosa is a wolf spider species found in Europe ( France , Norway to Ukraine ) .
Drummond 's onion ( Allium drummondii ) , also known as Wild garlic and the Prairie onion , is a North American species of onion native to the southern Great Plains of North America .
Partulina variabilis ( Lanai tree snail ) is a species of tropical air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinellidae .
Creobroter nebulosus is a species of praying mantis in the genus Creobroter in the order Mantodea .
Zodarion ludibundum is a spider species found in Corsica , Sicily and Algeria .
Simocetus ( from simus , `` pug - nosed '' , and cetus , `` whale '' ) is an extinct genus of toothed whale that lived during the Oligocene period , approximately 32 million years ago , making it the oldest named toothed whale , although older unnamed toothed whales exist .
The fungal order Agaricales , also known as gilled mushrooms ( for their distinctive gills ) or euagarics , contains some of the most familiar types of mushrooms .
Hypancistrocerus is a rather small neotropical genus of potter wasps which is very close to the Genus Stenodynerus .
The family Proteidae is a group of aquatic salamanders found today in the Balkan Peninsula and North America .
Yanornithiformes is an order of ornithuromorph birds from the early Cretaceous Period of China .
Chthonius minotaurus is a species of pseudoscorpion in the Chthoniusidae family that is endemic to Crete .
Channa burmanica is an endemic species of snakehead from northern Burma .
Pachycondyla petrosa is an extinct species of ants in the formicid subfamily Ponerinae described from a fossil found in Europe .
Epidendrium billeeanum , commonly known as the Yellow sea snail or the Golden wentletrap , is a species of small predator and ectoparasite sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Epitoniidae , the wentletraps .
Diadophis punctatus edwardsii , commonly known as the Northern ringneck snake , is a subspecies of Diadophis punctatus .
Allium callimischon is a plant species native to southwestern Turkey and to southern Greece ( including Peloponnese and the Island of Crete ) .
Hyphalosaurus ( meaning `` submerged lizard '' ) is a genus of freshwater aquatic reptiles which represent a major part of the Jehol Biota .
Banksia kingii is an extinct species of tree or shrub in the plant genus Banksia .
Qatranilestes is an extinct genus of afrosoricid which existed in Fayum , Egypt during the earliest Oligocene period ( Rupelian age ) .
The Candrena Eighty - eight or Number Eighty ( Diaethria candrena ) is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family .
Pupinella rufa is a species of land snail with an operculum , a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the superfamily Cyclophoroidea ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
Hedyscepe canterburyana , the big mountain palm or umbrella palm , is the sole species in the genus Hedyscepe of the Arecaceae family .
Polybia rejecta is a species of social wasp found in the Neotropics region of the world .
Veronica formosa is a flowering plant species of the family Plantaginaceae , endemic to Tasmania in Australia .
Orthotylus junipericola is a species of bug from the Miridae family that can be found on Azores , and in countries like Bulgaria , France , Greece , Spain , and Dodecanese Islands .
Otopharynx tetrastigma is a species of cichlid native to Lake Malawi , Lake Malombe and the upper reaches of the Shire River .
Caulokaempferia is a group of plants in the ginger family described as a genus in 1964 .
Festuca gautieri , commonly known as spiky fescue or bearskin fescue , is a species of flowering plant in the grass family , Poaceae , native to the Pyrenees .
Rhinella chavin is a species of toad from family Bufonidae that is endemic to Peru .
Streptomyces glauciniger is a mesophilic bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in south China .
Abantiades latipennis , known as the Pindi moth , is a species of moth in the Hepialidae family .
Diloma is a genus of medium - sized sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
Chrysothamnus stylosus called pillar false gumweed , or resinbush , is a species of flowering plants in the aster tribe within the sunflower family .
Codonanthe is a New World genus , consists of a dozen or more species of evergreen epiphytic compact creeping vines with rooting along their stems , and scandent herbs or subshrubs with woody , upright stems from Brazil , Guiana , Central America and West Indies .
Selenicereus grandiflorus is a cactus species originating from the Antilles , Mexico and Central America .
Neodiprion sertifer , the European pine sawfly , is a sawfly species in the genus Neodiprion .
Mimepaphra borneana is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Mimepaphra .
Adetomyrma is a genus of ants endemic to Madagascar .
Basilicum is a genus of plants in the Lamiaceae , first described in 1802 .
Psidium guineense is a species of guava .
The yellow spear - winged fly or Lonchoptera lutea , is the type species of the genus Lonchoptera .
This is a monotypic family , consisting of the single genus Arachnomyces .
Pseudegalicia tetrops is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pseudegalicia .
Jameson 's firefinch ( Lagonosticta rhodopareia ) is a common species of estrildid finch found in Southern Africa .
Helluoherpia is a genus of pholidoskepian solenogasters , shell - less , worm - like marine mollusks .
Pugnus is a genus of very small sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Marginellidae .
Thalasseus , the crested terns , is a genus of six species of seabirds in the tern family .
Phelsuma comorensis Boettger , 1913 is a species of geckos that lives on the island Grande Comore and typically dwells on trees .
Agastache foeniculum ( blue giant hyssop ; syn . Agastache anethiodora ( Nutt . ) Britton ) , commonly called anise hyssop , blue giant hyssop , Fragrant giant hyssop , or the lavender giant hyssop , is a species of perennial plant in the mint family , ( Lamiaceae ) .
Schizopygopsis younghusbandi is a species of ray - finned fish endemic to Tibet .
Pseudomulleria dalyi is a species of bivalve in the Etheriidae family .
Acinos arvensis , known commonly as basil thyme and spring savory , is a species of plant of the genus Acinos .
Phyllostachys edulis , moso bamboo , or tortoise - shell bamboo , or mao zhu ( Chinese : 毛竹 ; pinyin : máozhú ) , ( Japanese モウソウチク(孟宗竹 ) ) is a temperate species of giant timber bamboo native to China and Taiwan and naturalised elsewhere .
Coryphopterus glaucofraenum , the Bridled goby , is a species of goby native to the Western Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea from North Carolina to Brazil .
Stemonitis axifera is a species of slime mold .
Epidendrum polyanthum ( gloss : `` many flowers upon a tree '' ) is a species of orchid in the genus Epidendrum .
Lappula squarrosa is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by several common names , including European stickseed , bur forget - me - not , bluebur , and bristly sheepbur .
Ippitoides uniformis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Ippitoides .
Elymus canadensis is a species of wild rye known by the common name Canada wild rye .
Lineus is a genus of nemertine worms , including the bootlace worm , arguably the longest animal alive .
Zosimus aeneus is a species of crab that lives on coral reefs in the Indo - Pacific from East Africa to Hawaii .
Erigeron schmalhausenii is an Asian species of flowering plants in the daisy family .
Chorizanthe angustifolia is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common name narrowleaf spineflower .
Halictus ligatus is a species of sweat bee from the family Halictidae , characterized by those bees that mine or burrow into the ground to create their nests .
Festuca occidentalis is a species of grass known by the common name western fescue .
In taxonomy , the Methanopyrales are an order of the methanopyri .
Lygosoma veunsaiensis is a species of skink that is endemic to northeastern Cambodia .
Gilia latiflora is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common names hollyleaf gilia and broad - flowered gilia .
Cimolomys is a mammal genus from the Upper Cretaceous of North America .
Azteca aragua is a species of ant in the genus Azteca .
Cotoneaster pannosus ( commonly known as silverleaf cotoneaster ' ) is a species of cotoneaster known by the common name silverleaf cotoneaster .
Turbo exquisitus , common name the exquisite turban , is a species of sea snail , marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae .
Drosophila hydei is a species of Diptera , or the order of flies , in the family Drosophilidae .
Dodonaea triquetra , known as common hop bush or large leaf hop bush , is a species of shrub occurring in eastern Australia .
Staurocumites is an extinct genus of sea cucumber which existed in Europe during the Triassic and Jurassic periods .
Cenchrus biflorus is a species of annual grass in the Poaceae family .
Rosa anemoniflora is a species of rose found in France .
The family Scarabaeidae as currently defined consists of over 30,000 species of beetles worldwide , often called scarabs or scarab beetles .
The Cross River bushbaby ( Sciurocheirus cameronensis ) is a species of primate in the family Galagidae found in northwestern Cameroon and southeastern Nigeria .
Erythroxylum echinodendron was a species of plant in the Erythroxylaceae family .
Phyciodes , commonly but ambiguously called the `` crescents '' or `` crescentspots '' ( like some related genera ) is a genus of butterflies of the subfamily Nymphalinae in the family Nymphalidae .
Guiomys is an extinct genus of cavioid rodent which existed in west central Patagonia of Argentina , during the middle Miocene .
Graus nigra is a species of sea chub endemic to the Pacific waters off the coast of Chile .
Dioryctria reniculelloides , the spruce coneworm , is a species of moth of the family Pyralidae .
Bathocyroe fosteri is a species of lobate ctenophore found at intermediate depths in all the world 's oceans .
The common hippopotamus ( Hippopotamus amphibius ) , or hippo , is a large , mostly herbivorous mammal in sub - Saharan Africa , and one of only two extant species in the family Hippopotamidae , the other being the pygmy hippopotamus ( Choeropsis liberiensis or Hexaprotodon liberiensis ) .
Ewartia is a genus of daisies native to New Zealand and Australia .
Leptotyphlops tricolor , or the Three - colored blind snake , is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family .
Salix hultenii is a species of willow native to Hokkaidō ( Japan ) , ( South Korea ) , Kuriles , Sakhalin and Kamchatka ( Russia ) .
Gerrardanthus is a genus of flowering plants native to tropical Africa and South Africa , first described by William Henry Harvey ( 1811 - -1866 ) , and named in honor of William Tyrer Gerrard ( died 1866 in Mahavelona , Madagascar ) , botanical collector in Natal and Madagascar in the 1860s .
Olpogastra lugubris , the slender bottletail , is a monotypic species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae .
Georissa biangulata is a species of minute cave snails that have an operculum .
Mesodmops is a genus of small mammal from the Eocene of China .
†Anoptychiidae is an extinct taxonomic family of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the informal group Lower Heterobranchia .
Holasteroida is an order of irregular sea urchins .
Wolffia globosa is a species of flowering plant known by the common name Asian watermeal .
Helochares is a genus of hydrophilid beetles with over 180 species in five subgenera worldwide .
Brachycephalus pitanga is a species of frog of the family Brachycephalidae .
Eucephalus tomentellus is a North American species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Brickellbush aster or rayless aster .
Causus rhombeatus is a venomous viper species endemic to subsaharan Africa .
Palinurus mauritanicus ( common name : pink spiny lobster ) is a species of spiny lobster .
It contains only one known species , Pentapleura subulifera , native to southeastern Turkey and northern Iraq .
Aceria erinea is a species of mites belonging to the family Eriophyidae , the gall mites .
Acicula palaestinensis is a species of very small land snail with an operculum , a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Aciculidae .
Utricularia delicatula is a terrestrial species of bladderwort and is unique within its genus in being endemic to New Zealand .
Neonoemacheilus is a genus of Asian stone loaches .
Bolma persica , common name the peach bolma , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae , the turban snails .
Liobagrus anguillicauda is a species of catfish in the Amblycipitidae family ( the torrent catfishes ) endemic to the province of Fujian in China .
Pardosa drenskii is a wolf spider species in the genus Pardosa found in Bulgaria .
Artemisia alaskana , the Alaskan sagebrush or Alaskan wormwood or Siberian wormwood , is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family .
Opuntia diploursina is a species in the Cactaceae family , that grows near the Grand Canyon and Lake Mead National Recreation Area .
Ponera is a genus of ponerine ants .
Gymnogyps varonai , sometimes called the Cuban condor , is an extinct species of large New World vultures in the family Cathartidae .
Myrmecia flavicoma is an ant species native to Australia .
Durbaniopsis is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae . The single species is endemic to the Afrotropics .
Reedbuck is a common name for African antelopes from the genus Redunca .
Microstrophia nana is a species of small , air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Streptaxidae .
The Flores crow ( Corvus florensis ) is a species of bird in the family Corvidae .
Metriorhynchoidea is an extinct superfamily of thalattosuchian crocodyliforms from the early Middle Jurassic to the Early Cretaceous ( Aalenian - Valanginian ) of Europe , North America and South America .
Pedostibes kempi is a species of toad found in India .
Farlowella gracilis is a species of armored catfish endemic to Colombia where it is found in the Caqueta River basin .
Lemuridae is a family of strepsirrhine primates native to Madagascar , and the Comoro Islands .
Ammotrechidae are a family of solifuges distributed in the Americas and the Caribbean Islands .
Laternea pusilla is a species of fungi in the Phallaceae family .
Lambertella is a genus of fungi in the family Rutstroemiaceae .
Mesolenellus is an extinct genus of trilobites that lived during the lower Cambrian ( Botomian ) , found in Greenland and Spitsbergen .
Gobiceratops is a genus of ceratopsian dinosaur from the Upper Cretaceous of Mongolia .
Hedruris spinigera are widely distributed within New Zealand , scientists found that the distribution appears to be limited within the coastal area , especially in brackish waters . The prevalence of Hedruris spinigera depends on species of fishes .
Ranunculus populago is a species of buttercup known by the common names popular buttercup and mountain buttercup .
Pygmaleptostylus pygmaeus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Pygmaleptostylus .
Phylloporus arenicola is a species of bolete mushroom in the family Boletaceae .
Polarella is a genus of Alveolata .
Hebomoia is a genus of butterflies in the family Pieridae . There are two widespread , strong - flying southeast Asian species that are among the largest pierids .
Cyrtodactylus phongnhakebangensis ( Vietnamese : Thằn lằn Phong Nha - Kẻ Bàng ) is a species of gecko native to Phong Nha - Kẻ Bàng National Park , Quảng Bình Province , North Central Coast , Vietnam .
Pinus oocarpa is a species of pine tree native to Mexico and Central America .
Luzula nivea , commonly known as snow - white wood - rush , snowy wood - rush and lesser wood - rush , is a species of perennial plant in Juncaceae family .
Chaerophyllum elegans is a flowering plant species in the genus Chaerophyllum found in the Alps from Switzerland , France and Italy .
Agyneta palgongsanensis is a species of sheet weaver found in China , Korea and Russia .
Leshansaurus is a genus of theropod dinosaur from the Mid to Late Jurassic Dashanpu Formation of what is now China .
Paraneetroplus is a genus of cichlids native to rivers in Central America .
Amorphospermum is a genus of plants in the Sapotaceae family described as a genus in 1870 .
Streblote cristata is a species of moth in the family Lasiocampidae , the so - called eggars , snout moths or lappet moths .
Cattleya intermedia ( `` The Intermediate Cattleya '' ) is a bifoliate Cattleya species of orchid .
The genus 's lone - described species , Orvilleus crassus , is found only in Panama .
Cryptomonas is the name - giving genus of the cryptomonads .
Swietenia mahagoni , commonly known as the West Indian mahogany , is a species of Swietenia native to southern Florida in the United States and islands in the Caribbean including the Bahamas , Cuba , Jamaica , and Hispaniola .
Grindelia integrifolia , common name Puget Sound gumweed , is a plant species known only from Oregon , Washington and British Columbia .
Panagaeus robustus is a species of ground beetle in the Panagaeinae subfamily that can be found in Japan and Maritime province of Russia .
Whereas the species usually has one anther , Prosthechea cochleata var . triandra is an endangered variety that has three anthers and is autogamous , allowing its existence in Florida where no appropriate pollinators appear to be present .
Orcuttia tenuis ( slender Orcutt grass ) is a species of grass which is endemic to northern California .
The Eurotiales are an order of sac fungi , also known as the green and blue molds .
Paramuricea clavata , the violescent sea - whip , is a species of colonial soft coral in the family Plexauridae .
Cyrtodesmus humerosus is a species of millipede in the family Cyrtodesmidae that is endemic to San Vito , Costa Rica , where it was found on April 19 , 1972 .
Alveopora fenestrata is a species of stony coral that is found in the Red Sea , the Gulf of Aden , the southwest and northern Indian Ocean , the central Indo - Pacific , Australia , Southeast Asia and the oceanic west Pacific Ocean .
Dinoderus minutus is a species of wood - boring beetle .
Pseudochromis fridmani is a species of fish in the family Pseudochromidae , the dottybacks .
Sternarchorhamphus muelleri is a species of ghost knifefish that occurs in the Amazon River Basin .
Crypsis vaginiflora is a species of grass known by the common name modest pricklegrass .
Ranunculus andersonii is a species of buttercup known by the common name Anderson 's buttercup .
Samaris is a genus of crested flounders native to the Indo - Pacific .
The sablefishes are a family , Anoplopomatidae , of scorpaeniform fishes .
The Junaluska salamander ( Eurycea junaluska ) is a species of lungless salamander native to the Southeastern United States .
Dioscorea trifida is a species of flowering plant in the family Dioscoreaceae .
Leptotyphlops leptepileptus , or the Haitian border thread snake , is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family .
Amorpha californica is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name California false indigo .
The Tymovirales are a newly established order of viruses in the 2009 classification with four families .
Chimaerasuchidae ( `` Chimera crocodiles '' ) is a family of mesoeucrocodylians .
Lumbricus rubellus is a species of earthworm that is related to Lumbricus terrestris .
Hoplocorypha carli is a species of praying mantis found in Rwanda .
Drepanolepis is an extinct genus of thelodont which lived in Canada during the Early Devonian period .
Tropicoritus ruwenzorii is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Tropicoritus .
†Neptunea angulata is an extinct species of large fossil sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae .
Orrorin tugenensis is a postulated early species of Homininae , estimated at 6.1 to 5.7 million years ( Ma ) and discovered in 2000 .
Psychotria minimicalyx is a species of plant in the Rubiaceae family .
Lentigo pipus , common name : the Elegant Conch , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae , the true conchs .
Tonna melanostoma is a species of large sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tonnidae , the tun shells .
Sthenomerus is an extinct genus of Diprotodontia .
Silurus is a genus of catfishes native to Europe and Asia .
Saccoloma is a fern genus in family Saccolomataceae .
Rhytisma is a genus of fungi in the Rhytismataceae family commonly known as ' tar spot ' .
The Cyanophyllum Scale , Abgrallaspis cyanophylli ( Signoret ) , is one of nine species of the Abgrallaspis genus of armored scale insects .
The Mesopotamian crow is a subspecies of the hooded crow ( Corvus cornix ) , but is also sometimes distinguished as its own species of crow , as it is characterized by its pied coloration .
Thomas 's langur ( Presbytis thomasi ) is a species of primate in the family Cercopithecidae .
Hemipsilichthys papillatus is a species of loricariid catfish endemic to Brazil , where it is restricted to the Rio Preto , a tributary of the Paraíba do Sul , in the southeastern states of Minas Gerais , Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo .
Iva asperifolia , the Pensacola marsh elder , is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family .
Pygidicranidae is a family of earwigs , formerly placed in the suborder Forficulina , now in the suborder Neodermaptera .
Orchis italica , commonly known as the naked man orchid or the Italian orchid , is a species of orchid native to the Mediterranean .
The Central Mexican broad - clawed shrew ( Cryptotis alticola ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Wannchampsus ( `` Wann Langston , Jr. 's crocodile '' ) is an extinct genus of paralligatorid neosuchian , close to but not a true crocodilian .
Hemiphractus scutatus ( Spix 's horned treefrog ) is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family .
Micropterix amsella is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae that was described by Heath in 1975 , and is endemic to Croatia .
Raorchestes ghatei ( common name : Ghate 's shrub frog ) is a species of shrub frog from the Western Ghats of Maharashtra .
Gomphocerini is a tribe of grasshoppers of the family Acrididae .
Nebria jeffreyi is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to US state of Oregon .
Erythronium oregonum is a North American species of flowering plant in the lily family which is known by the common name giant white fawnlily or Oregon fawn - lily .
Litoceras is a trocholitid ( Tarphycerida ) genus that has been found in the Lower and Middle Ordovician of Newfoundland .
Helcionopsis radiatum is an extinct species of paleozoic monoplacophoran in the family Tryblidiidae .
Huerteales is the botanical name for an order of flowering plants .
Malacoctenus aurolineatus , the Goldline blenny , is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the western Atlantic Ocean , including the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean Sea from southern Florida to northern South America .
Dryptosauroides ( meaning `` similar in form to Dryptosaurus '' ) is the name given to a genus of dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous .
Enigmatichthys is a genus of extinct semionotiformid bony fish that lived during the Middle Triassic epoch of what is now Australia .
Stenopelix ( meaning `` narrow pelvis '' ) is a genus of small ornithischian dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous of Germany .
Lebia humeralis is a species of ground beetles in the Harpalinae subfamily that can be found in Austria , Bulgaria , Czech Republic , Greece , Hungary , Italy ( including Sardinia and Sicily ) , Moldova , Romania , Slovakia , Switzerland , Ukraine , and in all Yugoslavian states and southern part of Russia .
Eucalyptus elaeophloia , commonly known as Nunniong Gum or Olive Mallee , is a mallee or tree species that is endemic to a restricted area in south - eastern Australia .
Petaloptyon is a genus known from the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale .
Phymatocarpus is a genus of flowering plants in the family Myrtaceae and is endemic to the south - west of Western Australia .
All terete leaved Dendrobium species from Australia and Papua New Guinea have been moved into a newly created genus , Dockrillia , named after Alick Dockrill , a contemporary Australian orchidologist .
†Elimia lachryma was a species of freshwater snails with an operculum , aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Pleuroceridae .
Amsonia tharpii is a species of flowering plant in the dogbane family known by the common names Tharp 's bluestar and feltleaf bluestar .
Phrynoidis juxtasper , also known as the giant river toad or Borneo river toad , is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
Leptodactylus is a genus of leptodactylid frogs .
Pterula is a genus of fungi in the Pterulaceae family .
Byturidae , also known as Fruitworms is a family of beetles , in the suborder Polyphaga .
Crabs are decapod crustaceans of the infraorder Brachyura , which typically have a very short projecting `` tail '' ( abdomen ) ( Greek : βραχύς / brachys = short , οὐρά / οura = tail ) , usually entirely hidden under the thorax .
Pilosella schultesii ( not to be confused with the Mexican P. schultzii ) is a European plant species in the dandelion tribe within the sunflower family .
Oniscoidea is a superfamily of isopod crustaceans , which includes most of the land - living woodlice .
Masdevallia goliath is a species of epiphytic orchid native to northeastern Peru and southeastern Ecuador but is cultivated as an ornamental elsewhere .
Ulmus americana , generally known as the American elm or , less commonly , as the white elm or water elm , is a species native to eastern North America , occurring from Nova Scotia west to Alberta and Montana , and south to Florida and central Texas .
Phacelia procera is a species of phacelia known by the common name tall phacelia .
Peteinosaurus ( /pɛˌtaɪnəˈsɔːrəs/ pe - TY - nə - SAWR - əs meaning `` winged lizard '' ) was a prehistoric reptile genus belonging to the Pterosauria .
Trachyandra erythrorrhiza is a species of plant which is endemic to the province of Gauteng in South Africa .
The Kauaʻi ʻakialoa , like all the other ʻakialoa subspecies , were rare even when they were first discovered in the 18th century .
Triatoma dominicana is an extinct species of assassin bug in the subfamily Triatominae , the kissing bugs known from early Miocene Burdigalian stage Dominican amber deposits on the island of Hispaniola .
Costus spicatus , also known as spiked spiralflag ginger or Indian head ginger , is a species of herbaceous plant in the Costaceae family ( also sometimes placed in Zingiberaceae ) .
Agkistrodon is a genus of venomous pit vipers found in North America from the United States south to northern Costa Rica .
Paramisgurnus dabryanus is a species of loach occurring in East Asia from Russia to China and Taiwan .
Haplochromis nigricans is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria where it is know only known with certainty from Entebbe , Uganda , other populations now placed in H. rufocaudalis .
The New Caledonian friarbird ( Philemon diemenensis ) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family .
Psoralidium lanceolatum is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common names lemon scurfpea and lanceleaf scurfpea .
Flyriella parryi , Chisos Mountain brickellbush , is a Mexican species of plants in the sunflower family .
Acantopsis spectabilis is a species of fish found in Thailand .
Cophixalus ateles ( common name : Papua rainforest frog ) is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family .
Collinsia corymbosa is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name round - headed Chinese houses .
The Yucatán box turtle ( Terrapene carolina yucatana ) is a subspecies of box turtle endemic to Mexico .
Lycodon mackinnoni , commonly known as Mackinnon 's wolf snake , is a species of colubrid snake , which is endemic to Asia .
Deroceras invadens is a species of air - breathing land slug , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Agriolimacidae .
The Balsaminaceae ( commonly known as the Balsam family ) are a family of dicotyledonous plants , comprising two genera :
Embothrium is a genus of two to eight species ( depending on taxonomic interpretation ) in the plant family Proteaceae , native to southern South America , in Chile and adjacent western Argentina and southern Peru ; the genus occurs as far south as Tierra del Fuego .
Arachnitis uniflora , the sole species in the genus Arachnitis , is a non - photosynthetic species of plant .
Sibynophis bistrigatus , commonly known as Günther 's many - toothed snake , is a nonvenomous species of colubrid snake found in Myanmar ( formerly called Burma ) and India ( Nicobar Islands ) , but snakes collected in Myanmar and the Nicobar Islands might actually not refer to the same species .
Agathis , commonly known as kauri or dammar , is a relatively small genus of 21 species of evergreen tree .
Fungia scutaria is a species of plate or mushroom coral in the family Fungiidae .
Amitostigma lepidum is a species of plant in the Orchidaceae family found on Kyushu Island in Japan , and in Nansei - shoto ( Ryukyu Islands ) to the south .
Hall 's babbler is a small species of bird in the Pomatostomidae family most commonly found in dry Acacia scrubland of interior regions of eastern Australia .
Marmornectes was first named by Hilary F. Ketchum and Roger B. J. Benson in 2011 and the type species is Marmornectes candrewi .
Parochetus communis , known in English as shamrock pea or blue oxalis , is a species of legume , and the only species in the genus Parochetus and in the subtribe Parochetinae .
Marupiara castanea ' is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Marupiara .
Pyroteuthis addolux is a species of squid in the family Pyroteuthidae .
Stenolemus is a genus of thread - legged bug ( Emesinae ) .
Phenacolepas crenulata is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Phenacolepadidae .
Leptobrachium montanum is a species of amphibian from the Megophryidae family .
Erosaria acicularis , common name the Atlantic yellow cowry , is a species of cowry , a sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
Fissurella maxima , common name : the giant keyhole limpet , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae , the keyhole limpets .
Diomus is a genus of ladybirds .
It was first named by Sean P. Modesto , Diane M. Scott , and Robert R. Reisz in 2009 , and the type species is Australothyris smithi .
Oedicarena persuasa is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Oedicarena of the family Tephritidae .
Theora mesopotamica is a species of saltwater and brackish water clam , a bivalve mollusk in the family Semelidae .
The subfamily Deomyinae consists of four genera of mouse - like rodents that were placed in the subfamilies Murinae and Dendromurinae until very recently .
Bats of the genus Chalinolobus are commonly known as pied , wattled , or long - tailed bats .
Huntleya burtii also known as the Cat - face Orchid is a species of orchid that occurs in Honduras , Nicaragua , Panama and Costa Rica .
Argiocnemis rubescens is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae , commonly known as the red - tipped shadefly .
Gladioserratus is an extinct genus of cow shark .
Histiobranchus is a genus of eels in the family Synaphobranchidae .
Coradion melanopus , known commonly as the Twospot coralfish , is a species of marine fish in the family Chaetodontidae .
Encephalartos cycadifolius is a species of cycad that is native to the Winterberg mountains to the north of Bedford in the Eastern Cape province , South Africa .
Orthetrum taeniolatum , also known as Libellula taeniolata , Orthetrum brevistylum , Orthetrum garhwalicum or Orthetrum hyalianum is an Asian freshwater dragonfly species .
Haemomaster venezuelae is a species of catfish ( order Siluriformes ) of the family Trichomycteridae , and the only species of the genus Haemomaster .
Dromius is a genus of ground beetle native to the Palearctic ( including Europe ) , the Nearctic , the Near East , and North Africa .
Mycoplasma laboratorium is a designed , partially synthetic species of bacterium derived from the genome of Mycoplasma genitalium .
Abrothrix is a genus of rodent in the tribe Abrotrichini of family Cricetidae .
Zabrus sublaevis is a species of black coloured ground beetle in the Pelor subgenus that is endemic to Ankara , Turkey .
Spirodela polyrhiza ( orth . var . S. polyrrhiza ) is a species of duckweed known by the common names common duckmeat , greater duckweed , common duckweed , and duckmeat .
Hannonia is a genus of plants in the Amaryllis family .
Ericameria arizonica is a North American species of flowering shrub in the daisy family known as Arizona goldenbush or Grand Canyon Goldenweed .
Chromolaena borinquensis ( limestone thoroughwort ) is a West Indian species of flowering shrub in the sunflower family .
Modulidae , common name modulids , is a family of small sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Cerithioidea .
Allopeas clavulinum , common name the spike awlsnail , is a species of small , tropical , air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Subulinidae .
Aureoboletus moravicus , commonly known as the tawny bolete , is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae that is found in Europe .
Jasus paulensis , also commonly known as the St Paul rock lobster , is a species of spiny lobster found in the waters around Saint Paul Island in the southern Indian Ocean and around Tristan da Cunha in the southern Atlantic Ocean .
Pagurus samuelis , the blueband hermit crab , is a species of hermit crab from the west coast of North America , and the most common hermit crab in California .
Trichotropis conicus is a species of small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Capulidae , the cap snails .
Myristica sinclairii is a species of nutmeg .
Deinobacterium is a genus in the Deinococcus - Thermus group ( Bacteria ) .
Minuartia douglasii is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name Douglas ' stitchwort .
Hesperolinon drymarioides is a rare species of flowering plant in the flax family known by the common names drymary dwarf flax and drymaria - like western flax ; it is named for its resemblance to genus Drymaria .
Duffichthys is a genus of prehistoric lobe - finned fish which lived during the Late Devonian period .
Xeromphalina campanelloides is a species of Tricholomataceae fungus .
Artemisia spiciformis is a North American species in the sunflower family , with the common name Snowfield sagebrush .
Specula styliformis is a species of minute sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs or micromolluscs in the family Cerithiopsidae .
Flueggea neowawraea , Mēhamehame , is a species of flowering tree in the Bignay family , Phyllanthaceae , that is endemic to Hawaii .
Lythrum tribracteatum is a species of flowering plant in the loosestrife family known by the common name threebract loosestrife .
Bolitotherus cornutus is a North American species of darkling beetle known as the forked fungus beetle .
Pilargidae is a family of polychaetes .
Gorgoniidae is a family of soft corals , a member of the subclass Octocorallia in the phylum Cnidaria .
Pachypanchax playfairii , the golden panchax , is a species of Aplocheilid killifish , the only species of freshwater fish endemic to the Seychelles , a group of islands in the Indian Ocean directly east of Tanzania and the only member of its genus found outside of Madagascar .
Acer negundo is a species of maple native to North America .
Trifolium lemmonii is a species of clover known by the common name Lemmon 's clover .
Othnocerus aethes is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Othnocerus .
Aeonium ( tree houseleek ) is a genus of about 35 species of succulent , subtropical plants of the family Crassulaceae .
Hyalobagrus ornatus is a species of bagrid catfish found in Indonesia , Malaysia and Thailand .
Sea turtles ( superfamily Chelonioidea ) , sometimes called marine turtles , are reptiles of the order Testudines .
Sporobolus is a nearly cosmopolitan genus of plants in the grass family .
Psilorhynchus arunachalensis is a species of mountain carp .
Leucocoprinus cepistipes ( often spelled cepaestipes ) , is a species of fungus in the family Agaricaceae .
The Mahenge toad or Loveridge 's forest toad , Mertensophryne loveridgei , is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
The Ogoveidae are a family of harvestmen with three described species in one genus , Ogovea , which is found in tropical rain forests of equatorial West Africa .
Helleborus foetidus , known variously as stinking hellebore /ˈhɛlɪbɔːr/ , dungwort , setterwort and bear 's foot , is a species of flowering plant in the buttercup family Ranunculaceae , native to the mountainous regions of Central and Southern Europe , Greece and Asia Minor .
Acanthodraco dewitti is a species of Antarctic dragonfish native to the Southern Ocean including the Ross Sea and the southeastern Pacific Ocean .
Lactobacillus delbrueckii is a species of bacteria in the family Lactobacillaceae .
Lunella coronata , common name the crowned turban shell or the coronate moon turban , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae , the turban snails .
Juncus rigidus is a species of rush known by the common name sea rush .
Schizodon is a genus of headstander from South America .
Bromus alopecuros is a species of brome grass known by the common name weedy brome .
Mycena sanguinolenta , commonly known as the bleeding bonnet , the smaller bleeding Mycena , or the terrestrial bleeding Mycena , is a species of mushroom in the Mycenaceae family .
Sceloporus merriami , commonly known as the canyon lizard , is a species of phrynosomatid lizard native to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico .
Sicyos albus ( sometimes spelled Sicyos alba ) is a species of flowering plant in the gourd family known by the common names anunu and white bur - cucumber .
Scotobleps is a monotypic frog genus in the family Arthroleptidae ; its sole species is Scotobleps gabonicus , sometimes known as the Gaboon forest frog .
Phyllodontosuchus ( Ancient Greek , meaning `` leaf tooth crocodile '' , in reference to the shape of the middle and posterior teeth ) is a genus of sphenosuchian , a type of basal crocodylomorph , the clade that comprises the crocodilians and their closest kin .
Ostorhinchus brevispinis is a species of deep - water cardinalfish .
Aloe camperi is a species of aloe indigenous to Africa , specifically the regions of Ethiopia and Eritrea .
Downingia pulchella is a species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common names flatface calicoflower and valley calicoflower .
Synemosyna is a genus of ant - like jumping spiders that occurs from Argentina to the northern United States .
Aalenirhynchia is an extinct subgenus of brachiopod found in Aalenian strata in Gloucestershire , England .
The Garniidae are a family of parasitic protozoa in the phylum Apicomplexia .
Argiope aetherea is a common , large orb - web spider This species is commonly known as the St Andrew 's Cross spider due to the characteristic cross - shaped web decorations often included in their webs by female spiders .
Lloydolithus is a genus of trilobite from the Late Ordovician of Europe .
Brachiopods , phylum Brachiopoda , are marine animals that have hard `` valves '' ( shells ) on the upper and lower surfaces , unlike the left and right arrangement in bivalve molluscs .
Symphyotrichum campestre ( formerly Aster campestris ) is a species of aster known by the common name western meadow aster .
Recilia hospes is a species of bugs from Cicadellidae family that can be found in Fiji , Hawaii , New Zealand .
Saxifraga hirculus is a species of saxifrage , commonly called marsh saxifrage , yellow marsh saxifrage , or bog saxifrage .
Myrmica aloba is a species of ant that can be found in France , Portugal , and Spain .
Polyspilota griffinii , common name Griffin mantis , is a species of praying mantis native to Cameroon that grows to about 5 inches in length .
Butomus umbellatus is the Old World Palearctic and Asian plant species in the family Butomaceae .
Dilambdogale is an extinct genus of afrosoricid which existed in Fayum , Egypt during the latest Eocene ( earliest Priabonian age ) .
Wolf spiders are members of the family Lycosidae , from the Ancient Greek word `` λύκος '' meaning `` wolf '' .
Agyneta resima is a species of sheet weaver found in Eastern Europe .
Exerpes asper , the Sargassum blenny , is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Gulf of California and the Pacific coast of Baja California .
Tetraodon waandersii is a species of freshwater pufferfish endemic to Indonesia .
The silk floss tree ( Ceiba speciosa , formerly Chorisia speciosa ) , is a species of deciduous tree native to the tropical and subtropical forests of South America .
Cernaysia is an extinct genus of mammal from the Paleocene of France and the United States .
Hypopygus lepturus is a species of bluntnose knifefish and is commonly found in Northern South America .
Bothriomyrmex pubens is a species of ant in the genus Bothriomyrmex .
The Balsas screech owl ( Megascops seductus ) is a species of owl in the family Strigidae .
Eubacterium oxidoreducens is a Gram positive bacterium species in the genus Eubacterium .
Chauliognathus is a genus of soldier beetles in the family Cantharidae .
Acanthobrama microlepis , called the blackbrow bleak or the Caucasian bream , is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family .
Fossarus bellus is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Planaxidae .
Lotus formosissimus is a species of legume known by the common name seaside bird's - foot trefoil .
Zoellnerallium is a genus of perennial herbaceous geophytes in the flowering plant family Amaryllidaceae .
Sialis is a genus of alderfly belonging to the order Megaloptera family Sialidae .
Corollonema is a species of plants in the Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1914 .
Lithospermum molle , the softhair marbleseed , is a species of flowering plant in the forget - me - not family .
Dictyna armata is spider species found in Ukraine and Georgia .
Croton lechleri is a species of flowering plant in the spurge family , Euphorbiaceae , that is native to northwestern South America .
Hypleurochilus springeri , the Orange - spotted blenny , is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Atlantic ocean .
Pallas 's leaf warbler is named after the German zoologist Peter Simon Pallas , who discovered it on the Ingoda River in Siberia in 1811 ; the species name proregulus derives from its similar size to the goldcrest Regulus regulus .
Puccinia oxalidis is a fungus species in the genus Puccinia .
Aeluropus is a genus of Eurasian and African plants in the grass family , found primarily in desert regions .
Dolichogenidea is a genus of Braconid wasp .
The Tawitawi brown dove ( Phapitreron cinereiceps ) is a threatened species of bird in the family Columbidae .
Undaria is a genus of kelp that includes Undaria pinnatifida ( wakame ) .
Poa bolanderi is a species of grass known by the common name Bolander 's bluegrass .
Lasmigona alabamensis , common name Alabama heelsplitter , is a species of freshwater mussel , an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae .
The family Ichthyodectidae ( literally `` fish - biters '' ) is an extinct family of marine actinopterygian fish .
The Euchromiina are a subtribe of tiger moths in the Erebidae family .
Macrocybe spectabilis is a species of mushroom - forming fungus .
Hydropessum is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Early Triassic epoch .
Axitectum is an extinct genus of bystrowianid reptiliomorph from lower Triassic deposits of Nizhni Novgorod and Kirov Regions , Russia .
Allium oleraceum ( field garlic ) is a Eurasian species of wild onion .
Leiocephalus carinatus , commonly known as the northern curly - tailed lizard , is a species of lizard in the family Leiocephalidae ( curly - tailed lizards ) .
Dicranaceae is a family of mosses in class Bryopsida .
Hypoxylon is a genus of Ascomycetes commonly found on dead wood , and usually one of the earliest species to colonise dead wood .
Cardioglossa oreas ( common name : Mount Okou long - fingered frog ) is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family .
Tangasaurus is an extinct genus of aquatic basal tangasaurid neodiapsid known from the Late Permian period ( late Changhsingian stage ) of Tanga , northeastern Tanzania .
Treubia scapanioides is a species of liverwort in the family Treubiaceae .
Marmosops is a genus of Neotropic opossums of the family Didelphidae .
Heliconia hirsuta ( syn . , ) is a species of flowering plant in the Heliconiaceae family .
The Chaetonotida is an order of gastrotrichs .
Apodolirion is a genus of herbaceous , perennial and bulbous plants in the Amaryllis family ( Amaryllidaceae , subfamily Amaryllidoideae ) .
Streptanthus glandulosus is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name bristly jewelflower .
Phenagoniates macrolepis is a species of characin found in Colombia , Panama and Venezuela .
Pristolepis pentacantha is a species of the family Pristolepididae described from Kabani River of Kerala , India .
Phaeoceros laevis , the smooth hornwort , is a species of hornwort of the genus Phaeoceros .
Opuntia robusta , wheel cactus , nopal tapon , or camuesa , is a species of cactus in the Cactaceae family .
Geastrum lloydianum is a species of fungus belonging to the genus Geastrum , or earthstar fungi .
Within the Orchidaceae , Hormidium was originally a subgenus of the genus Epidendrum , but was later raised to a full genus .
Nerita albicilla , common name the blotched nerite , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Neritidae .
Nebria rufescens is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found everywhere in Europe , except for Benelux , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Denmark , Monaco , San Marino , Vatican City , and various European islands .
Streptomyces griseiniger is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated in Australia .
Proterorhinus marmoratus is a species of gobiid fish , a tubenose goby native to the brackish water parts of the Black Sea and the Sea of Azov , near the coasts of Bulgaria , Georgia , Romania , Ukraine and Russia .
Chamaecrista is a genus of flowering plants in the pea family , Fabaceae , subfamily Caesalpinioideae .
Fockea is a genus of succulent scrubs native to southern Africa , known collectively as water roots , a reference to their characteristic bulbous caudex , which is edible in at least some species .
Leiocephalus carinatus armouri , commonly known as the Little Bahama curly - tailed lizard , is a subspecies of Leiocephalus carinatus , the northern curly - tailed lizard .
Chamaepsila is a genus of flies in the family Psilidae .
The Astor markhor or flare - horned markhor ( Capra falconeri falconeri ) is a subspecies of the endangered markhor , native to Kashmir and northern Pakistan .
Pseudodynerus is a small neotropical genus of potter wasps ( Hymenoptera : Vespidae : Eumeninae ) currently containing 16 species .
Eupatorium semiserratum , commonly called Smallflower thoroughwort , is a North American plant species in the sunflower family .
Nebria agilis is a species of ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Yunnan , province of China .
Caiuajara is an extinct genus of tapejarid pterosaur from the Late Cretaceous of Brazil .
Uropteryginae is a subfamily of moray eels .
Lythrurus , the finescale shiner , is a genus of cyprinid fish found in North America .
Seimatosporium mariae is a fungus genus .
Unlike most other placoderm orders , such as the Antiarchs , or the Arthrodires , Gemuendina and its four other known relatives ( or seven , if the three species of the ichthyolith genus Ohioaspis are confirmed to be rhenanids ) had armor made up of a mosaic of unfused bony plates and scales .
Unlike many Inocybe species , Inocybe hystrix is densely covered in brown scales , a characteristic that aids in identification .
Bufo cristinae ( Beaked frog ) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
Nemapteryx is a genus of sea catfishes found mostly in coastal marine and brackish waters from South Asia to Australia with one species ( N. augusta ) occurring exclusively in fresh waters of the Fly River in Papua New Guinea .
Aprosphylosoma darceneae is a species of cylindrical julidan millipede found only in the U.S. state of Oregon and comprising the sole species of the family Aprosphylosomatidae .
Gavialis is a genus of crocodylians that includes the living gharial Gavialis gangeticus and several extinct species , including Gavialis bengawanicus , Gavialis breviceps , Gavialis browni , Gavialis curvirostris , Gavialis hysudricus , Gavialis leptodus , Gavialis lewisi , and Gavialis pachyrhynchus .
The Indian desert jird , Meriones hurrianae , is a species of jird found mainly in the Thar Desert in India .
Nielsenoceras is a Paraceltitid genus of from the lower Upper Permian , known from sediments in west Texas .
Hechtia marnier - lapostollei is a species in the genus Hechtia .
Denticetopsis sauli is a species of whale catfish endemic to Venezuela , where it is only known from the Pamoni River in the Casiquiare River basin of the upper Rio Negro system .
Interjectio denticulella is a species of snout moth in the genus Interjectio .
Streptomyces djakartensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from Djakarta on Java in Indonesia .
Caymanabyssia spina is a species of small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Caymanabyssiidae , the false limpets .
They have been treated formally at the rank of division Progymnospermophyta or class Progymnospermopsida ( as opposite ) .
Foerschichthys flavipinnis is a species of African rivuline native to the western African nations of Ghana , Togo , Benin and Nigeria .
Parachanna is a genus of snakeheads native to tropical Africa .
Aeschynanthus longicaulis is a species of perennial plant in the family Gesneriaceae , native to Vietnam , Thailand and Malaysia .
Mimulus gemmiparus is a rare species of flowering plant in the family Phrymaceae , known by the common name Rocky Mountain monkeyflower .
Eleocharis parvula is a species of spikesedge known by the common names dwarf spikerush , small spikerush and hairgrass in aquaria .
Erymidae is a family of decapod crustaceans known only from fossils .
Ampullariidae , common name the apple snails , is a family of large freshwater snails , aquatic gastropod mollusks with a gill and an operculum .
Urticina columbiana , common names crusty red anemone , columbia sand anemone , sand anemone , and the sand - rose anemone , is a species of sea anemone in the family Actiniidae .
The floss silk tree ( Ceiba chodatii ) , is a species of deciduous tree native to the tropical and subtropical forests of South America .
Linckia is a genus of sea stars found mainly in the Indo - Pacific region .
Deschampsia is a genus of plants in the grass family , commonly known as hair grass or tussock grass .
Chaetonotus elegans is a gastrotrich species in the genus Chaetonotus .
Rhytida citrina is a species of medium - sized , air - breathing predatory land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the eponymous family Rhytididae .
Gobio holurus or the Caspian gudgeon is a freshwater fish species in the Cyprinidae family .
Rossioglossum grande ( tiger orchid ) is an epiphytic species of orchid native to the area from Chiapas to Costa Rica .
Mystacernis alphesta is a moth in the Xyloryctidae family , and the only species in the genus Mystacernis .
Hypohippus ( `` Low Horse '' ) is an extinct genus of three - toed horse , which lived 17 - 11 million years ago .
Allium diabolense , common name serpentine onion or devil 's onion is a species of wild onion endemic to central California , where it is known from the Coast Ranges and the Transverse Ranges .
and Iris douglasiana var . oregonensis ( R. C. Foster ) , but the species is highly variable and the varieties may not be well enough defined to be of much practical use .
Aecidium mori is a species of fungus in the order Pucciniales .
Pison is a cosmopolitan genus of wasps within the family Crabronidae .
Pogonopoma is a genus of armored catfish native to rivers in south and southeast Brazil .
Homaloptera orthogoniata is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Homaloptera found in Thailand , Laos and Indonesia .
Hudson 's canastero ( Asthenes hudsoni ) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family .
Allonautilus perforatus is a species of nautilus native to the waters around Bali , Indonesia .
Condylonucula maya is a microscopic species of saltwater clam , a marine bivalve mollusk or micromollusk in the family Nuculidae , the nut clams .
Dendrocopos is a widespread genus of woodpeckers from Asia and Europe and Northern Africa .
Glossogobius intermedius is a species of goby endemic to Sulawesi , Indonesia where it is only known to occur in Lake Towuti and Lake Mahalona .
Ciliopagurus vakovako is a species of hermit crab native to the Marquesas Islands .
The tribe Cacatuini consists of four whitish , pinkish or greyish genera :
Arctaspis is an extinct genus of placoderm fish , which lived during the Devonian period in Norway .
Cryptococcus skinneri is species of yeast which forms white and cream colored colonies which are smooth with a mucoid texture .
Banksia dallanneyi var . dallanneyi is a variety of Banksia dallanneyi subsp .
Agonum placidum is a species of black coloured ground beetle in the Platyninae subfamily that can be found in woodlands , thickets , and open fields of southern Canada and northeastern United States .
Gasteropelecus is a genus of freshwater hatchetfishes found in Central and South America .
Crocodylus raninus is an enigmatic species of freshwater crocodile endemic to the Southeast Asian island of Borneo .
Brachysuchus is an extinct genus of phytosaur known from the late Triassic period ( Carnian stage ) of Dockum Group in Texas , USA .
Scenedra umbrosalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Scenedra .
Leptophilypnus is a genus of small sleeper gobies native to fresh and brackish water in Central America .
Pteraspidiformes is an extinct order of heterostracan vertebrates known from extensive fossil remains primarily from Early Devonian strata of Europe and North America , and from Upper Silurian Canada .
At present , it contains the single species Nesagapostemon moronei .
Pomacea paludosa , common name the Florida applesnail , is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Ampullariidae , the apple snails .
Bouchardina is a genus of North American crayfish , containing a single species , Bouchardina robisoni ( Bayou Bodcau Crayfish ) which is named after one of the scientist who found it Henry W. Robison .
Sophora toromiro , commonly known as Toromiro , is a species of flowering tree in the legume family , Fabaceae , that is endemic to Easter Island .
Hydnophytum is a genus of epiphytic myrmecophytes ( ant plants ) native to Southeast Asia , the Pacific region and also extending into Queensland in northern Australia .
Epsilon 15 ( or ε15 ) is a virus , specifically a bacteriophage , known to infect species of Salmonella bacteria including Salmonella anatum .
Megacephala femoralis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Perty in 1830 , and can be found in Argentina , Brazil , and Paraguay .
Sarcocornia blackiana , commonly known as Thick - head Glasswort , is a species of succulent halophytic shrub .
Allium scorzonerifolium is a yellow - flowered species of wild onion native to Spain , Portugal , and Morocco .
Scytothamnales is an order of brown algae ( class Phaeophyceae ) .
Onchidiopsis groenlandica is a species of relatively large sea snail with a transparent internal shell , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Velutinidae .
Colpophyllia natans , known as boulder brain coral and large - grooved brain coral , is a species of stony coral found primarily in the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico .
Anomalopus is the genus of worm - skinks , smallish smooth - scaled burrowing skinks ( family Scincidae ) from the eastern half of Australia .
Daphnia barbata is a species of water flea within the family Daphniidae .
Kaliphora madagascarensis is a species of evergreen shrub or small tree .
Agonum fidele is a species of ground beetle from Platyninae subfamily , that can be found in United States and Canada .
Eriogonum hookeri is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name Hooker 's buckwheat .
Parapuzosia is an extinct genus of desmoceratid ammonites from the Cenomanian to the Campanian of Africa , Europe , and North America .
Skythrenchelys macrostoma , also known as the Large - mouth angry worm eel is a species of eel in the family Ophichthidae .
The Ophiceratidae is a family in the ammonoid order Ceratitida from the Lower Triassic , previously included in the Otocerataceae but now placed in the Noritiaceae as revised .
Brickellia pringlei ( Pringle 's brickellbush ) is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family .
Thermarces cerberus is a species of ray - finned fish in the family Zoarcidae .
Cyathea baileyana , also known as the wig tree fern , is a species of tree fern native to northeastern Queensland in Australia , where it grows in wet gullies and forest at an altitude of 850 - 1200 m. It is a rare species that is seldom found in the wild .
Parastratiosphecomyia sphecomyioides is a species of fly in the soldier fly family .
Phloeomana is a bark - inhabiting agaric fungal genus that produces fuscous - colored to whitish mycenoid to omphalinoid fruit bodies in temperate forests .
Tetraneuris torreyana is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family , known by the common name Torrey 's four - nerve daisy .
Caulerpa taxifolia is a species of seaweed , an alga of the genus Caulerpa .
The San Gabriel slender salamander ( Batrachoseps gabrieli ) is a species of salamander .
Buccinum leucostoma , common name the yellow - mouth Buccinum , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae , the true whelks .
Galaxias globiceps is a species of fish in the Galaxiidae family endemic to Chile .
The Centrosaurinae is a subfamily of ceratopsid dinosaurs named by paleontologist Lawrence Lambe , in 1915 , with Centrosaurus as the type genus .
Araeomerus hubbardi is a species of earwigs , in the genus Araeomerus , family Hemimeridae , the suborder Hemimerina , and the order Dermaptera .
Othonocheirodus eigenmanni is a species of characin endemic to Peru , where it is found in the Amazon River basin .
Owenetta is an extinct genus of owenettid procolophonian parareptile .
Maui 's dolphin or popoto ( Cephalorhynchus hectori maui ) is the world 's rarest and smallest known subspecies of dolphin .
Vorticella convallaria is a protozoan , the type species of the genus Vorticella .
Staffordia toruputuensis is a species of air - breathing land snail , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Staffordiidae .
Arcobacter is a genus of Gram - negative , spiral - shaped bacteria in the epsilonproteobacteria class .
Desulfovirgula is a genus of sulfate reducing aerobic endospore - forming Gram - positive thermophilic motile rod - shaped bacteria , isolated from a geothermally active underground mine .
Barbus brichardi is a species of cyprinid fish native to the Republic of the Congo and Gabon .
Cyanea kolekoleensis ( formerly Delissea kolekoleensis ) is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common names ` Oha and Kolekole cyanea .
Lactarius rufulus , commonly known as the rufous candy cap , is a species of fungus in the Russulaceae family .
Atheris ceratophora is a venomous viper species endemic to a few mountain ranges in Tanzania .
Dioscorea hamiltonii is a species of Dioscorea native to southern China ( including Taiwan ) , northern Indochina ( Thailand , Vietnam , Myanmar ) and the Himalayas ( Nepal , Sikkim , Bhutan , Assam ) .
The type species is Eoazhdarcho liaoxiensis .
The Ecnomidae are a family of caddisflies comprising 9 genera with a total of 1337 species .
Hatena arenicola is a species of single - celled eukaryotes discovered in 2000 , and first reported in 2005 , It was discovered by Japanese biologists Noriko Okamoto and Isao Inouye at the University of Tsukuba , and they gave the scientific description and formal name in 2006 .
Reiszerpeton is an extinct genus of dissorophid temnospondyl known from the Early Permian Archer City Formation of Texas .
Calliostoma adspersum , common name the spotted Brazilian top shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae .
Rupertia rigida is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Parish 's California tea , or Parish 's rupertia .
Streptomyces cellulolyticus is a cellulolytic bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces .
Epidendrum compressum ( `` compressed upon a tree '' ) is a species of orchid in the genus Epidendrum from wet montane forests of Trinidad , Venezuela , Colombia , Ecuador , Peru and Bolivia .
Spilotantha is a genus proposed by Carlyle Luer ; however , the genus lacks a clear synapomorphy and it is equivalent to Masdevallia subgenus Amanda , section Amandae .
Larutia is a genus of limbless skinks in the family Scincidae .
Ropicella antennalis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Ropicella .
Chapinophis xanthocheilus is a species of snake in the Colubridae family .
Prunus lusitanica , the Portugal laurel , is a species of the genus Prunus , related to the cherry .
Maacoccus arundinariae is a species of scale insect in the family Coccidae .
Mytilinidiales is an order within the class Dothideomycetes .
Carabus exiguus cithara is a black coloured subspecies of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to Sichuan , China .
Deschampsia elongata is a species of grass known by the common name slender hairgrass .
Stylops melittae is a species of the order Strepsiptera of flying insects , that parasitize various species of sand bees ( Andrena ) .
Clubiona comta is a sac spider species found in Europe , Russia and North Africa .
Vladlenosaurus is an extinct genus of capitosaur from Russia .
Synchirus gilli , the Manacled sculpin , is a species of sculpin native to the eastern Pacific Ocean where it occurs along the coast from Alaska to southern California .
Bromus arenarius is a species of brome grass known by the common name Australian brome .
Todiramphus is a genus of kingfishers in the family Halcyonidae .
Incilius fastidiosus , or the Pico Blanco toad , is a species of toad from western Panama and southeastern Costa Rica .
Moschorhinus is an extinct genus of therocephalian of the Akidnognathidea family .
Mimetes arboreus is a species of plant in the Proteaceae family .
Penicillium charlesii is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which produces galactocarolose and Citreoviridin .
Uropeltis arcticeps , commonly known as the Madurai earth snake or the Tinevelly Uropeltis , is a species of snake in the family Uropeltidae .
Luzula parviflora is a species of flowering plant in the rush family known by the common name small - flowered woodrush .
Oxystele tigrina , common name the tiger top shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
Antennaria friesiana ( Fries ' pussytoes ) is an Arctic species of plants in the sunflower family .
Christinus alexanderi is a species of Gekkonidae geckos found in the Nullarbor Plain of Australia .
Zephyroceras is a genus belonging to the Somoholitaceae superfamilia .
Naucoria is a genus of fungi in the family Hymenogastraceae of the order Agaricales .
Harmozica ravergiensis is a species of an air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae , the hairy snails and their allies .
Tichkaella is a genus of helcionellid from the Middle Cambrian .
Mentzelia polita is a species of flowering plant in the family Loasaceae known by the common name polished blazingstar .
Methylomonas is a genus of bacteria that obtain their carbon and energy from methane , a metabolic process called methanotrophy .
Smaragdina affinis is a species of short - horned leaf beetles belonging to the family Chrysomelidae , subfamily Clytrinae .
Teucridium is a genus of flowering plant in the Lamiaceae family , first described as a genus in 1853 .
Juglans sigillata , known as the Iron Walnut , is a species of walnut tree .
Drosophyllum ( /ˌdrɒsoʊˈfɪləm/ , rarely /drəˈsɒfɪləm/ ) is a genus of carnivorous plants containing the single species Drosophyllum lusitanicum ( Portuguese sundew or dewy pine ) .
Feroxodon multistriatus , known as the manystriped blowfish , manystriped pufferfish , scribbled toadfish , or ferocious pufferfish , is a species in the pufferfish family , Tetraodontidae , distributed in the Indo - West Pacific .
Solidago patula , the roundleaf goldenrod or rough - leaved goldenrod , is a species of goldenrod found in wetlands , especially swamps , fens & sedge meadows .
Amphisbaena bakeri , known commonly as Baker 's worm lizard , is a worm lizard species in the genus Amphisbaena .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Caespitotheca forestalis .
Cyanea copelandii is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name treetrunk cyanea .
Alloperla roberti ( also known as Robert 's stonefly ) was a species of insect in family Chloroperlidae .
Stonogobiops dracula , the Dracula shrimpgoby , is a species of goby native to reef environments around the Seychelles and the Maldives .
Malapterurus thysi is a species of electric catfish endemic to the Ivory Coast , where it occurs in the Cess ( Nipoué ) and Cavally river basins .
Mantoida brunneriana is a species of praying mantis inhabiting Bolivia , Brazil , French Guiana , Paraguay , and Venezuela .
Hyphalus wisei is a species of intertidal beetle endemic to New Zealand .
Arctomecon humilis is a rare species of poppy called Bearclaw Poppy or Dwarf Bearclaw - poppy .
Allium megalobulbon is a rare species of wild onion found only in the western part of Xinjiang Province in western China .
Thelyphonidae is a family of arachnids .
The Arabian jird ( Meriones arimalius ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Acoelorrhaphe is a genus of palms , comprising the single species Acoelorrhaphe wrightii ( Paurotis palm , also known as the Everglades palm and Madeira palm ) .
Aliciella sedifolia ( formerly Gilia sedifolia ) is a rare species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name stonecrop gilia .
Sphaerius is a genus of beetles , comprising 23 species , which are the only members of the family Sphaeriusidae .
Rock tripe is the common name for various lichens of the genus Umbilicaria that grow on rocks .
Ramanella anamalaiensis ( Anamalai dot frog , Anamalai ramanella , or reddish - brown microhylid frog ) is a species of narrow - mouthed frog found in South India .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Phycomelaina laminariae .
Limonium australe is a species of sea lavender known by the common name Native Sea Lavender .
Prakasha amariformis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Prakasha .
Epidendrum embreei ( `` Embree 's Epidendrum '' ) is a species of orchid in the genus Epidendrum .
Homalanthus nutans , known locally as the mamala tree , is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family .
The family Oplophoridae is a taxon of pelagic shrimp and the only subtaxon of the superfamily Oplophoroidea .
Lennooideae is a subfamily of parasitic flowering plants of south - western North America and north - western South America .
Ericameria lignumviridis , common name Greenwood 's goldenbush or heath - goldenrod , is a plant species endemic to Sevier County , Utah .
Genioliparis is a genus of snailfishes .
Palmadusta diluculum , the day - break cowry , is a species of sea snail , a cowry , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
The Australian prowfishes form a family , Pataecidae , of scorpaeniform fishes .
It contains the single species Condylodon audouini , first described from a single specimen by Lund ( 1831 ) in a paper on Brazilian ants .
Lygosoma vosmaeri ( Vosmer 's writhing skink ) is a species of skink endemic to South Asia ( India . A second specimen was discovered in 2009 in an open scrub jungle in rocky habitat near Jaggayapet , Andhra Pradesh , some 170 years after the collection of the holotype .
Tillandsia ariza - juliae , the wand airplant , is a species in the genus Tillandsia .
Eocaecilia is an extinct genus of caecilian ( limbless amphibian ) from the early Jurassic Kayenta Formation of Arizona , USA .
Elasmias cernicum is a species of tropical , tree - living , air - breathing , land snail , arboreal pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinellidae .
Trifolium pratense , the red clover is a herbaceous species of flowering plant in the bean family Fabaceae , native to Europe , Western Asia and northwest Africa , but planted and naturalised in many other regions .
The six species in the genus Didelphis , commonly known as large American opossums , are members of the order Didelphimorphia .
Aglaspoides is an extinct genus of aglaspid arthropod .
Gymnocarpium is a small genus of ferns , called oak ferns .
Patera clarki nantahala , the noonday globe , is a subspecies of Patera clarki , a land snail in the family Polygyridae .
Aulonocara korneliae , known in the aquarium fish trade as the Aulonocara Chizumulu , Aulonocara blue gold or blue orchard Aulanocara , is a species of freshwater fish in the Cichlidae family .
Opilio lepidus is a species of harvestman in the Phalangiidae family .
Michelia coriacea is a species of flowering plant in the family Magnoliaceae .
Diabantia is a genus of praying mantises .
Barbulifer is a genus of gobies native to the tropical Atlantic coast of the Americas as well as the Gulf of California on the Pacific coast .
Erigeron karvinskianus is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common names Mexican fleabane , Latin American fleabane , Santa Barbara daisy or Spanish daisy Karwinsky 's fleabane , Bony - tip Fleabane .
Dendrocnide meyeniana is a species of tree in the Urticaceae family , native to the thickets and secondary forests of Taiwan and the Philippines .
Aulonocara nyassae , known as the emperor cichlid , is a species of freshwater fish in the Cichlidae family that is endemic to Lake Malawi .
Goodfellow 's tree - kangaroo ( Dendrolagus goodfellowi ) also called the ornate tree - kangaroo , belongs to the family Macropodidae , which includes kangaroos , wallabies and their relatives , and the genus Dendrolagus , with eleven other species .
Amphisbaena silvestrii , also known as Silvestri 's worm lizard , is a worm lizard species in the genus Amphisbaena .
Drosophila ambigua is a European species of fruit fly .
Porroglossum ( from Greek `` far off '' and `` tongue '' , referring to the position of the lip ) is a genus of orchids native to the Andes of South America .
Gymnogeophagus is a genus of cichlid fishes from South America , where they are known from various river basins ( notably Rio de la Plata and Lagoa dos Patos -- Mirim ) in southern Brazil , Paraguay , Uruguay and northern Argentina .
Baeomyces is a genus of lichens .
Oscularia is a genus of succulent flowering plants in the family Aizoaceae , native to semi - arid and rocky habitats in the Western Cape of South Africa .
Platycranium pustulosum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Platycranium .
Rubus aboriginum is a North American species of dewberry , known as the garden dewberry and aboriginal dewberry .
Cyphocleonus achates is a species of true weevil known as the knapweed root weevil .
Leucochrysum albicans , commonly known as hoary sunray , is a species in the family Asteraceae .
Erigeron salishii is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names Salish fleabane and Star Peak fleabane .
Lyngbya is a genus of cyanobacteria , multicellular autotrophs that form the basis of the oceanic food chain .
Melicope knudsenii , commonly known as Olokele Valley melicope or Knudsen 's melicope , is a species of flowering plant in the citrus family , Rutaceae , that is endemic to Hawaii .
Alrausuchus is an extinct genus of biarmosuchian therapsid from Russia .
Ranzania ( Japanese : トガクシショウマ ) is a monotypic genus of perennial herbs in the family Berberidaceae , the only species is Ranzania japonica .
Nosferatu steindachneri , Steindachner 's cichlid , is a species of cichlid endemic to Mexico where it is found in the Tamasopo , Gallinas and Ojo Frio Rivers of the Panuco River basin .
Thunnus tonggol is a species of tuna of tropical Indo - West Pacific waters .
Metriacanthosauridae is an extinct family of carnivorous allosauroid theropod dinosaurs .
Pogogyne douglasii is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common names Douglas ' mesamint and Douglas ' beardstyle .
Dendrobium gibsonii is a species of orchid native to China ( Guangxi and Yunnan provinces ) , the Himalayas ( Nepal , Bhutan , India , Assam ) , and northern Indochina ( Myanmar , Thailand , Laos , Vietnam ) .
Ophioblennius macclurei , the Redlip blenny , is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Atlantic ocean .
Paraclinus is a genus of labrisomid blennies native to eastern Pacific Ocean and the western Atlantic Ocean .
Vitis californica , with common names California wild grape , Northern California grape , and Pacific grape , is a wild grape species widespread across much of California as well as southwestern Oregon .
Garnotia is a genus of Asian , Australian , and tropical island plants in the grass family .
Meroles ctenodactylus , also known as Smith 's sand lizard or Smith 's desert lizard , is a species of sand - dwelling lizard in the family Lacertidae .
Didymoplexis is a genus of 17 species of leafless , achlorophyllous orchids , native to Africa , Madagascar , Southeast Asia , Australia and various islands of the Pacific .
The Culex vishnui Theobald mosquito species belongs to a sub - type that also includes two other carriers of the Japanese encephalitis virus - Culex tritaeniorhynchus Giles and Culex pseudovishnui Colless .
Nemoderma is the only genus in the family Nemodermataceae and order Nemodermatales of the brown algae ( class Phaeophyceae ) .
Ononis repens or common restharrow is a plant species of the genus Ononis .
The White and Blood - red Dendrobium ( Dendrobium albosanguineum ) is a species of orchid , native to Thailand and Myanmar .
Colletes marginatus is a species of solitary bee of the family Colletidae .
Festuca psammophila is a species of grass which is endemic to Central Europe .
Crataegus submollis , known as the northern downy hawthorn , northern red haw , Quebec hawthorn , or hairy cockspurthorn , is a species of hawthorn that grows to about 7 m in height and typically carries large crops of red fruit .
Myrmecia hilli is a species of ant native to Australia .
Parasimulium is a genus of black flies containing two subgenera and four species .
Beyeria subtecta , commonly known as the Kangaroo Island Turpentine Bush , is a species of plant in the family Euphorbiaceae .
Exapion fuscirostre ( formerly Apion fuscirostre ) is a species of straight - snouted weevil known by the general common name Scotch broom seed weevil .
Semirossia patagonica is a species of bobtail squid native to the southwestern Atlantic Ocean and southeastern Pacific Ocean ; it occurs around the southern part of South America and has been recorded from waters off Chile , Anegada Bay , Tierra del Fuego , Argentina , and the Falkland Islands .
Bagauda zetteli is a species of assassin bug in the subfamily Emesinae found in Borneo .
Brittle stars or ophiuroids are echinoderms in the class Ophiuroidea closely related to starfish .
Diadectidae is an extinct family of early tetrapods that lived in what is now North America and Europe during the Late Carboniferous and Early Permian , and in Asia during the Late Permian .
Matthiola longipetala , known as Night - scented Stock or Evening Stock ( syns Cheiranthus longipetalus , Matthiola bicornis , Matthiola longipetala subsp . bicornis , and Matthiola oxyceras ) , is a species of ornamental plant .
Aulaconotopsis fimbriatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Aulaconotopsis .
Acromyrmex subterraneus is a species of leaf - cutter ant , a New World ant of the subfamily Myrmicinae of the genus Acromyrmex .
Editha is a small genus of large , brightly colored sand wasps , restricted to South America .
Filippovia knipovitchi , the smooth hooked squid , is a species of squid in the family Onychoteuthidae and the sole member of the genus Filippovia .
Camponotus japonicus , more often known under the common name Japanese carpenter ant , is a species of ant native to East Asia .
Adam Flowers is an American lyric tenor who is based in San Francisco , California .
Erna Berger ( 19 October 1900 -- 14 June 1990 ) , was a German coloratura lyric soprano .
Albert Reiss ( 22 February 1870 -- 19 June 1940 ) was a German operatic tenor who had a prolific career in Europe and the United States during the first third of the twentieth century .
Anna Leese ( born 7 March 1981 ) is a New Zealand born soprano opera singer based in Tuscany .
Violeta Urmana , ( born Violeta Urmanavičiūtė ) is a Lithuanian soprano and mezzo - soprano .
Andrea Gruber ( born 1966 ) is an award winning American dramatic soprano particularly admired for her interpretations of the works of Puccini , Verdi , and Wagner .
Gloria Davy ( March 29 , 1931 , Brooklyn -- November 28 , 2012 , Geneva ) was a Swiss soprano of American birth who had an active international career in operas and concerts from the 1950s through the 1980s .
Joan Cross ( 7 September 1900 -- 12 December 1993 ) was an English soprano , closely associated with the operas of Benjamin Britten .
Octave Dua ( 28 Feb 1882 , Ghent - 8 March 1952 , Brussels ) was a Belgian operatic tenor .
Elizabeth Frances Ingram ( 5 November 1888 -- 12 April 1974 ) was an American operatic contralto of English birth who had an active career in North America during the 1910s and 1920s .
Taryn Fiebig ( born 1 February 1972 ) is an Australian opera and musical theatre soprano and cellist .
Cecilia Bartoli , Cavaliere OMRI ( Italian : ( tʃeˈtʃiːlja ˈbartoli ) ; born 4 June 1966 ) is an Italian coloratura mezzo - soprano opera singer and recitalist .
Pollione Ronzi ( before 1835 - after 1912 ) was an Italian operatic tenor , composer , conductor , and voice teacher .
Edwina Eustis Dick ( 1 September 1908 -- 3 March 1997 ) was an American classical contralto and pioneer in the field of music therapy .
Niels Juel Simonsen ( born May 16 , 1846 in Copenhagen , died May 25 , 1906 also in Copenhagen ) was Danish baritone opera singer , who made his debut in 1874 .
Richard Edgar - Wilson is an English tenor who has had an international career on the concert platform and the opera stage .
Caroline Unger ( sometimes `` Ungher '' ) ( 28 October 1803 -- 23 March 1877 ) was an Austro - Hungarian contralto , alternatively known as Karoline , Carolina , and Carlotta .
Blake Stern ( 1917 -- 22 December 1987 ) was an American tenor , best known as an oratorio singer , and a professor emeritus of music at Yale University , where he taught voice .
Ruxandra Donose ( born in Bucharest ) is a Romanian operatic mezzo - soprano .
Alessandro Corbelli ( born September 21 , 1952 ) is an Italian baritone opera singer .
Dodi Protero ( March 13 , 1931 - -April 22 , 2007 ) was a Canadian operatic soprano who had a prolific international career from 1955 through 1980 .
Hans Jörg Mammel ( born in Stuttgart ) is a German tenor in opera and concert .
Kathryn Elizabeth Smith ( May 1 , 1907 -- June 17 , 1986 ) , known professionally as Kate Smith and The First Lady of Radio , was an American singer , a contralto , best known for her rendition of Irving Berlin 's `` God Bless America '' .
Otakar Mařák ( 5 January 1872 Esztergom , Hungary -- 2 July 1939 Prague ) was a tenor Czech opera singer , and a nephew of Julius Mařák who perfected his vocal skills at Prague 's School of Applied Arts as well as at the Czech Academy of Arts .
Jane Barbier ( d ? London , ? will proved 9 Dec 1757 ) was an English contralto of the 18th century , best known for her performances in the operas of George Frederic Handel .
Alwina Valleria ( October 12 , 1848 -- February 17 , 1925 ) was an American - born soprano .
