author	Titus Andronicus is a tragedy by William Shakespeare, believed to have been written between 1588 and 1593, probably in collaboration with George Peele.	Titus Andronicus	William Shakespeare
cast member	Sultaan is a 2000 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by T L V Prasad and produced by Sangeetha Pictures, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Suvarna Mathew, Jack Gaud, Mukesh Rishi and Dharmendra in a special appearance.	Sultaan	Mithun Chakraborty
cast member	Welcome, Mr. Washington is a 1944 British drama film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Barbara Mullen, Donald Stewart and Peggy Cummins.	Welcome, Mr. Washington	Barbara Mullen
cast member	Lucero (Mark Anthony Fernandez), Vergel's close friend and later enemy, becomes another half-snake half-human and becomes Kamandag's mortal enemy, who names himself as Talim.	Kamandag	Mark Anthony Fernandez
cast member	True True Lie stars Jaime King as Nathalie, Lydia Leonard as Dana and Annabelle Wallis as Paige.	True True Lie	Jaime King	Lydia Leonard	Annabelle Wallis
cast member	Bharatha Vilas is a 1973 Tamil film starring Sivaji Ganesan and K. R. Vijaya in the lead.	Bharatha Vilas	Sivaji Ganesan
cast member	Nishkarsha (Kannada: ನಿಷ್ಕರ್ಷ) is a 1993 Indian Kannada language heist thriller directed by Sunil Kumar Desai, starring Vishnuvardhan, Anant Nag and B. C. Patil.	Nishkarsha	Vishnuvardhan	Anant Nag	B. C. Patil
cast member	Stable Companions is a 1922 British silent sports film directed by Albert Ward and starring Clive Brook, Lillian Hall-Davis and Robert English.	Stable Companions	Clive Brook	Lillian Hall-Davis	Robert English
cast member	Twisted Nerve is a 1968 British-American psychological thriller film directed by Roy Boulting and starring Hywel Bennett, Hayley Mills, Billie Whitelaw and Frank Finlay.	Twisted Nerve	Hywel Bennett	Hayley Mills	Billie Whitelaw	Frank Finlay
cast member	Three Nights of Love (Italian: Tre notti d'amore) is a 1964 drama film directed by Renato Castellani, Luigi Comencini and Franco Rossi and starring Adolfo Celi, Enrico Maria Salerno and Catherine Spaak.	Three Nights of Love	Adolfo Celi	Enrico Maria Salerno	Catherine Spaak
cast member	Hotel for Women is a 1939 American drama film directed by Gregory Ratoff and starring Ann Sothern, Linda Darnell and James Ellison.	Hotel for Women	Ann Sothern
cast member	He Makes Me Feel Like Dancin' is a 1983 documentary film directed by Emile Ardolino about Jacques d'Amboise, a noted former American ballet star who had dancing roles in such films as Seven Brides for Seven Brothers and Carousel, and who later became a New York dancing instructor.	He Makes Me Feel Like Dancin'	Jacques d'Amboise
cast member	Roseanne (Roseanne Barr) is a line worker at Wellman Plastics, along with her sister Jackie (Laurie Metcalf) and friend Crystal (Natalie West).	Roseanne	Laurie Metcalf	Natalie West
cast member	See You Tomorrow, Everyone, in Japanese Mina-san, sayonara (みなさん、さようなら) is a 2013 Japanese film directed by Yoshihiro Nakamura starring Gaku Hamada.	See You Tomorrow, Everyone	Gaku Hamada
cast member	What Ever Happened to Aunt Alice? is a 1969 American thriller film directed by Lee H. Katzin with Bernard Girard (uncredited), and starring Geraldine Page, Ruth Gordon, Rosemary Forsyth, Robert Fuller and Mildred Dunnock.	What Ever Happened to Aunt Alice?	Geraldine Page	Ruth Gordon	Rosemary Forsyth	Robert Fuller	Mildred Dunnock
cast member	The Married Virgin (also known as Frivolous Wives) is a 1918 American silent drama film starring Vera Sisson, Kathleen Kirkham and Rudolph Valentino (credited as Rodolfo di Valentini).	The Married Virgin	Vera Sisson	Kathleen Kirkham	Rudolph Valentino
cast member	Moe Howard had fond memories of filming A Pain in the Pullman.	A Pain in the Pullman	Moe Howard
cast member	New Orleans Uncensored is a 1955 American crime film directed by William Castle starring Arthur Franz and Beverly Garland.	New Orleans Uncensored	Arthur Franz
cast member	WALL-E '​s director Andrew Stanton acted as co-writer and executive producer on BURN-E. BURN-E was produced at the same time as WALL-E and was directed by the feature film's lead animator, Angus MacLane.	BURN-E	Angus MacLane
cast member	The Love Match is a 1955 British black and white comedy film directed by David Paltenghi and starring Arthur Askey, Glenn Melvyn, Thora Hird and Shirley Eaton.	The Love Match	Arthur Askey	Shirley Eaton
cast member	Man on High Heels (Hangul: 하이힐; RR: Hai hil; lit. ``High Heel'') is a 2014 South Korean noir film written and directed by Jang Jin, starring Cha Seung-won as a transgender homicide detective.	Man on High Heels	Cha Seung-won
cast member	It's a Date is a 1940 American musical film directed by William A. Seiter and starring Deanna Durbin, Kay Francis, and Walter Pidgeon.	It's a Date	Deanna Durbin	Kay Francis	Walter Pidgeon
cast member	Figures of the Night (German:Nachtgestalten) is a 1920 German silent horror film directed by Richard Oswald and starring Paul Wegener, Reinhold Schünzel and Erna Morena.	Figures of the Night	Paul Wegener
cast member	Monster Dog, also known as Leviatán, The Bite and Los Perros de la Muerte, is a 1984 Italian horror film written and directed by Claudio Fragasso and starring Alice Cooper and Victoria Vera.	Monster Dog	Alice Cooper
cast member	A Letter to Freddy Buache (French: Lettre à Freddy Buache) is a 1982 French short documentary film directed by Jean-Luc Godard and addressed to the Swiss film critic Freddy Buache.	A Letter to Freddy Buache	Jean-Luc Godard
cast member	St. Val's Mystery (original: French: Le Mystère de Saint-Val) is a 1945 black and white French comedy film starring Fernandel directed by René Le Hénaff, Shot during the winter of 1944-1945 in the studios of Boulogne, this was the Fernandel's first film following the liberation of Paris.	St. Val's Mystery	Fernandel
cast member	No te engañes corazón (released in English as Don't Fool Yourself Dear) is the first full-feature film of Cantinflas after becoming a star of the carpa circuit (folk theater).	No te engañes corazón	Cantinflas
cast member	Money Isn't Everything is a 1925 British silent romance film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Olive Sloane, Lewis Gilbert and Gladys Hamer.	Money Isn't Everything	Olive Sloane	Lewis Gilbert	Gladys Hamer
cast member	Neenyare? is a 2008 Kannada language film directed by Sindesh and produced by Varada Reddy T its stars Suraj lokre and Ramya Barna in the lead roles.	Neenyare	Ramya Barna
cast member	Romancing in Thin Air (高海拔之戀 II; lit. ``High-Altitude Romance II'') is a 2012 Hong Kong-Chinese contemporary romantic drama film directed by Johnnie To, and starring Louis Koo and Sammi Cheng.	Romancing in Thin Air	Louis Koo	Sammi Cheng
cast member	Red Skies of Montana is a 1952 adventure drama in which Richard Widmark stars as a smokejumper who attempts to save his crew while being overrun by a forest fire, not only to preserve their lives, but to redeem himself after being the only survivor of a previous disaster.	Red Skies of Montana	Richard Widmark
cast member	Johnny Get Your Hair Cut is a 1927 American comedy film directed by B. Reeves Eason and featuring Harry Carey.	Johnny Get Your Hair Cut	Harry Carey
cast member	Going My Way is a 1944 American musical comedy-drama film directed by Leo McCarey and starring Bing Crosby and Barry Fitzgerald.	Going My Way	Bing Crosby	Barry Fitzgerald
cast member	The Way of a Maid is a surviving 1921 American silent comedy-drama film produced by Selznick Pictures and starring Elaine Hammerstein.	The Way of a Maid	Elaine Hammerstein
cast member	Hanuman.com is a Bengali film shot in Iceland, starring Prosenjit Chatterjee.	Hanuman.com	Prosenjit Chatterjee
cast member	La Vie Sur Terre (Life on Earth) is a 1998 Malian comedy/drama film written and directed by, and starring Abderrahmane Sissako.	La Vie Sur Terre	Abderrahmane Sissako
cast member	The Last Thakur is a 2008 British western film directed by Sadik Ahmed, written by Sadik Ahmed and Heather Taylor, and stars Ahmed Rubel, Tariq Anam Khan and Tanveer Hassan.	The Last Thakur	Ahmed Rubel
cast member	The Bobo is a 1967 British comedy film starring Peter Sellers and co-starring his then-wife Britt Ekland.	The Bobo	Peter Sellers	Britt Ekland
cast member	Closed for Winter is a 2009 Australian drama film starring Natalie Imbruglia.	Closed for Winter	Natalie Imbruglia
cast member	Tintin and the Blue Oranges (originally Tintin et les Oranges bleues) is a 1964 French film directed by Philippe Condroyer and starring Jean-Pierre Talbot as Tintin.	Tintin and the Blue Oranges	Jean-Pierre Talbot
cast member	Demonte Colony is a 2015 Indian Tamil horror film written and directed by Ajay Gnanamuthu, featuring Arulnithi in the lead role.	Demonte Colony	Arulnithi
cast member	A Girl at My Door (Hangul: 도희야; RR: Dohui-ya) is a 2014 South Korean drama film directed by July Jung and stars Bae Doona as a policewoman who takes in an abused girl played by Kim Sae-ron.	A Girl at My Door	Bae Doona	Kim Sae-ron
cast member	A Shot at Glory is a film by Michael Corrente produced in 1999 and released in 2002, starring Robert Duvall and the Scottish football player Ally McCoist.	A Shot at Glory	Robert Duvall	Ally McCoist
cast member	Lowered Sails (Italian:Vele ammainate) is a 1931 Italian drama film directed by Anton Giulio Bragaglia and starring Dria Paola, Carlo Fontana and Umberto Guarracino.	Lowered Sails	Dria Paola
cast member	Making Mr. Right is a 1987 science fiction/comedy film, directed by Susan Seidelman; starring John Malkovich as Jeff Peters/Ulysses and Ann Magnuson as Frankie Stone.	Making Mr. Right	John Malkovich	Ann Magnuson
cast member	Robot Overlords (originally titled Our Robot Overlords) is a 2014 British independent science fiction film, starring Callan McAuliffe, Ben Kingsley and Gillian Anderson.	Robot Overlords	Callan McAuliffe	Ben Kingsley	Gillian Anderson
cast member	Dwaar stars Kapil Bora and Zerifa Wahid in the lead roles.	Dwaar	Kapil Bora	Zerifa Wahid
cast member	Adventure in Diamonds is a 1940 American crime film directed by George Fitzmaurice and starring George Brent, Isa Miranda, John Loder and Nigel Bruce.	Adventure in Diamonds	George Brent	Isa Miranda	John Loder	Nigel Bruce
cast member	16 to Life is a comedy film directed by Becky Smith and stars Hallee Hirsh as Kate, a bookish teen about to turn 16 who plays match-maker for her friends.	16 to Life	Hallee Hirsh
cast member	Gracie's Choice is a 2004 television movie that premiered on Lifetime, written by Joyce Eliason and directed by Peter Werner, and starring Kristen Bell, Anne Heche, Diane Ladd, and Kristin Fairlie.	Gracie's Choice	Kristen Bell	Anne Heche	Diane Ladd	Kristin Fairlie
cast member	The Caretakers, released in the UK as Borderlines, is a 1963 American drama film starring Robert Stack, Polly Bergen, Diane McBain, Joan Crawford and Janis Paige in a story about a mental hospital.	The Caretakers	Robert Stack	Polly Bergen	Diane McBain	Joan Crawford	Janis Paige
cast member	Dr. Monica is a 1934 American pre-Code romantic melodrama film starring Kay Francis, Warren William and Jean Muir.	Dr. Monica	Kay Francis	Warren William
cast member	His Best Student (Spanish:Su mejor alumno) is a 1944 Argentine biographical drama film directed by Lucas Demare and starring Enrique Muiño and Ángel Magaña.	His Best Student	Enrique Muiño
cast member	Yavanika (Malayalam: യവനിക, English: When the Curtain Falls) is a 1982 Indian Malayalam mystery thriller film co-written and directed by K. G. George and starring Bharath Gopi, Mammootty and Jalaja.	Yavanika	Bharath Gopi	Mammootty	Jalaja
cast member	The Senator Was Indiscreet is a 1947 comedy film starring William Powell as a dim-witted U.S. senator who decides to run for president, with Ella Raines as a reporter interested in the detailed diary he has kept about all the political misdeeds of his colleagues.	The Senator Was Indiscreet	William Powell	Ella Raines
cast member	Sentimental Tommy (1921) is an American silent film directed by John S. Robertson which has Mary Astor in one of her earliest roles, although her scenes were deleted before release.	Sentimental Tommy	Mary Astor
cast member	Kamikaze Girls centers on two students, Momoko Ryugasaki (Kyoko Fukada) and Ichigo ``Ichiko'' Shirayuri (Anna Tsuchiya), who are from completely different backgrounds: one is a Lolita girl, the other, her antithesis, a Yankī.	Kamikaze Girls	Kyoko Fukada	Anna Tsuchiya
cast member	The Cavalier from Kruja (Italian:Il cavaliere di Kruja) is a 1940 Italian war film directed by Carlo Campogalliani and starring Doris Duranti, Antonio Centa and Leda Gloria.	The Cavalier from Kruja	Doris Duranti	Antonio Centa	Leda Gloria
cast member	Paradise, Hawaiian Style is a 1966 musical comedy film starring Elvis Presley.	Paradise, Hawaiian Style	Elvis Presley
cast member	Sachché Ká Bol-Bálá is an Indian film from 1989 directed by Dev Anand.	Sachché Ká Bol-Bálá	Dev Anand
cast member	Death Takes a Holiday is a 1934 American Pre-Code romantic drama starring Fredric March, Evelyn Venable and Guy Standing, based on the Italian play La Morte in Vacanza by Alberto Casella.	Death Takes a Holiday	Fredric March	Evelyn Venable	Guy Standing
cast member	The Golden Lady is a 1979 British thriller film directed by José Ramón Larraz and starring Christina World, June Chadwick, Suzanne Danielle and Desmond Llewelyn.	The Golden Lady	June Chadwick	Suzanne Danielle	Desmond Llewelyn
cast member	B-Girl is a 2009 dance film written and directed by Emily Dell and starring Julie Urich, Missy Yager, Wesley Jonathan, Drew Sidora, Aimee Garcia, James Martinez and based on director Emily Dell's 2004 short film of the same name.	B-Girl	Wesley Jonathan	Drew Sidora	Aimee Garcia
cast member	Crown Prince Rudolph's Last Love (German:Kronprinz Rudolfs letzte Liebe) is a 1955 Austrian historical drama film directed by Rudolf Jugert and starring Rudolf Prack, Christiane Hörbiger and Winnie Markus.	Crown Prince Rudolph's Last Love	Rudolf Prack
cast member	Il clan dei due Borsalini (Italian for ``The clan of the two Borsalinos'') is a 1971 comedy film directed by Giuseppe Orlandini and starring the comedy duo formed by Franco Franchi and Ciccio Ingrassia.	Il clan dei due Borsalini	Franco Franchi	Ciccio Ingrassia
cast member	Bhayaanak is a Hindi horror film released in 1979, with Mithun Chakraborty in the lead role.	Bhayaanak	Mithun Chakraborty
cast member	Encounters of the Spooky Kind II is a 1990 Hong Kong martial arts action comedy horror film written, choreographed, starring Sammo Hung.	Encounters of the Spooky Kind II	Sammo Hung
cast member	Arike (English: So Close) is a 2012 Malayalam romantic comedy film by Shyamaprasad, starring Dileep, Samvrutha Sunil and Mamta Mohandas.	Arike	Dileep	Samvrutha Sunil	Mamta Mohandas
cast member	The film features Fernando Ramos da Silva (who was killed at the age of 19 by Brazilian police in São Paulo) as Pixote and Marília Pêra as Sueli.	Pixote	Marília Pêra
cast member	The Restless Spirit is a 1913 American silent short drama film written and directed by Allan Dwan, featuring J. Warren Kerrigan and Pauline Bush.	The Restless Spirit	J. Warren Kerrigan	Pauline Bush
cast member	Aagadu features Mahesh Babu and Tamannaah in the lead roles and Rajendra Prasad, Sonu Sood, Brahmanandam, and M. S. Narayana in supporting roles.	Aagadu	Mahesh Babu
cast member	Anything to Declare? is a 1938 British crime thriller film directed by Redd Davis and starring John Loder, Noel Madison and Belle Chrystall.	Anything to Declare?	John Loder	Noel Madison	Belle Chrystall
cast member	In a Corner of Spain (Spanish:En un rincón de España) is a 1949 Spanish drama film directed by Jerónimo Mihura and starring Carlos Agostí, Juan de Landa and Blanca de Silos.	In a Corner of Spain	Carlos Agostí
cast member	Three Veils is a 2011 film written and directed by Rolla Selbak starring Sheetal Sheth, Angela Zahra and Mercedes Masöhn.	Three Veils	Sheetal Sheth
cast member	Shunyo (Bengali: শূণ্য; English: Zero) is an upcoming Bengali film directed by Rudranil Ghosh, produced by Workshop Productions Pvt. Ltd. and starring Anjan Dutt.	Shunyo	Anjan Dutt
cast member	The Crimson Code, also known as Red Team, is a 1999 crime thriller film starring Patrick Muldoon, C. Thomas Howell, Cathy Moriarty, Tim Thomerson and Fred Ward.	The Crimson Code	Patrick Muldoon	C. Thomas Howell	Cathy Moriarty	Tim Thomerson	Fred Ward
cast member	Dark Corners is a 2006 horror-thriller film directed by Ray Gower and starring Thora Birch.	Dark Corners	Thora Birch
cast member	Sunday in New York, filmed in Metrocolor, is a 1963 American romantic comedy film directed by Peter Tewksbury and starring Jane Fonda, Rod Taylor and Cliff Robertson.	Sunday in New York	Jane Fonda	Rod Taylor	Cliff Robertson
cast member	The Seventh Victim is a 1943 horror and film noir starring Tom Conway, Jean Brooks, Isabel Jewell, Kim Hunter (in her first film), and Hugh Beaumont, directed by Mark Robson, and produced by Val Lewton for RKO Radio Pictures.	The Seventh Victim	Tom Conway	Jean Brooks	Isabel Jewell	Kim Hunter	Hugh Beaumont
cast member	Kele Handa is a 1953 Sri Lankan romantic musical starring Rukmani Devi, Stanley Perera, Eddie Jayamanne, Rita Ratnayake and Mabel Blythe.	Kele Handa	Rukmani Devi
cast member	Hoppy Serves a Writ is a 1943 Western film directed by George Archainbaud and starring William Boyd as Hopalong Cassidy.	Hoppy Serves a Writ	William Boyd
cast member	Smilin' Guns is a 1929 American silent Western film, directed by Henry MacRae and starring Hoot Gibson.	Smilin' Guns	Hoot Gibson
cast member	Battle Planet is a 2008 low-budget science fiction film starring Zack Ward and Monica May, featuring Brea Grant.	Battle Planet	Zack Ward	Monica May	Brea Grant
cast member	Pirates of the Plain is a 1999 independent family adventure film, directed and written by John R. Cherry III, and starring Tim Curry and Seth Adkins.	Pirates of the Plain	Tim Curry	Seth Adkins
cast member	Rajasekhar as Seshu Kaveri as Abitha Jyoti Lakshmi Ganesh Nassar as Seshu's brother Sriman Mohini Patel Mohan Vaidya	Seshu	Sriman
cast member	Saadaram (also spelled as Sadaram) is a 1995 Malayalam film directed by Jose Thomas and stars Suresh Gopi, Lalu Alex, Geetha, Suvarna Mathew, Chithra, Sreenath, Kaviyoor Ponnamma and Sukumari main roles.	Saadaram	Suresh Gopi	Lalu Alex	Geetha	Sreenath
cast member	Oram Po (Tamil: ஓரம் போ; English: Move Aside), previously titled Auto, is a Tamil comedy film starring Arya and Pooja.	Oram Po	Arya
cast member	Hotel by the Hour (German title: Das Stundenhotel von St. Pauli) is a 1970 West German crime film directed by Rolf Olsen and starring Curd Jürgens, Andrea Rau and Corny Collins.	Hotel by the Hour	Curd Jürgens
cast member	Flying Pat is a 1920 American silent comedy film starring Dorothy Gish and her then husband James Rennie that was directed by F. Richard Jones.	Flying Pat	Dorothy Gish
cast member	The show starred Terence Longdon as airman Garry Halliday.	Garry Halliday	Terence Longdon
cast member	Tarzan's New York Adventure (aka Tarzan Against the World ) is a 1942 film, the sixth Tarzan film to feature actors Johnny Weissmuller and Maureen O'Sullivan.	Tarzan's New York Adventure	Johnny Weissmuller	Maureen O'Sullivan
cast member	Doctor in Love is a 1960 British comedy film, the fourth of the seven films in the Doctor series, starring James Robertson Justice as Sir Lancelot Spratt and Michael Craig as Dr Richard Hare.	Doctor in Love	James Robertson Justice	Michael Craig
cast member	Blonde Venus is a 1932 American Pre-Code drama film starring Marlene Dietrich, Herbert Marshall, and Cary Grant.	Blonde Venus	Marlene Dietrich	Herbert Marshall	Cary Grant
cast member	The Grass Is Greener is a 1960 comedy film directed by Stanley Donen and starring Cary Grant, Deborah Kerr, Robert Mitchum, and Jean Simmons.	The Grass Is Greener	Cary Grant	Deborah Kerr	Robert Mitchum	Jean Simmons
cast member	Last Platoon (Italian: Angel Hill: l'ultima missione) is a 1988 Italian-American Vietnam war film directed by Ignazio Dolce (credited as Paul D. Robinson) and starring Richard Hatch.	Last Platoon	Richard Hatch
cast member	Short Orders is a 1923 film starring Stan Laurel.	Short Orders	Stan Laurel
cast member	By Berwin Banks is a 1920 British silent romance film directed by Sidney Morgan and starring Langhorn Burton, Eileen Magrath and J. Denton-Thompson.	By Berwin Banks	Langhorn Burton	Eileen Magrath
cast member	The Fastest Guitar Alive is a 1967 MGM motion picture starring singer Roy Orbison in his only starring role as an actor.	The Fastest Guitar Alive	Roy Orbison
cast member	Pride of the Marines is a 1945 American biographical war film starring John Garfield and Eleanor Parker.	Pride of the Marines	John Garfield	Eleanor Parker
cast member	Andy Hardy Comes Home is a 1958 film, the 16th and final film in the Andy Hardy series, with Mickey Rooney reprising his signature role.	Andy Hardy Comes Home	Mickey Rooney
cast member	Gone in the Night is a 1996 American television movie about the Jaclyn Dowaliby murder case, with Shannen Doherty and Kevin Dillon as Cynthia and David Dowaliby.	Gone in the Night	Shannen Doherty	Kevin Dillon
cast member	Maavidaakulu (English:Our Divorce or Mango Leaves) is a 1998 Telugu drama film produced by J. Bhagawan & D. V. V. Danayya on Sri Balaji Art Creations banner, directed by E. V. V. Satyanarayana and starring Jagapati Babu, Rachana Banerjee in the lead roles with music composed by Koti.	Maavidaakulu	Jagapati Babu
cast member	Escarpment Blues is a Canadian concert and documentary film starring singer-songwriter Sarah Harmer.	Escarpment Blues	Sarah Harmer
cast member	Vedha is a Tamil movie starring Arun Vijay and Sheela released in 2008.	Vedha	Arun Vijay	Sheela
cast member	The Wonder Kid is a 1952 British film starring Bobby Henrey, in his second and last film since ``The Fallen Idol'' .	The Wonder Kid	Bobby Henrey
cast member	Sinners' Holiday is a 1930 all-talking Pre-code crime drama film starring Grant Withers, Evalyn Knapp and featuring James Cagney (in his film debut), Lucille La Verne, and Joan Blondell.	Sinners' Holiday	Grant Withers	Evalyn Knapp	James Cagney	Lucille La Verne	Joan Blondell
cast member	Cotton Mary is a 1999 film directed by Ismail Merchant, best known as the producer half of Merchant Ivory and Madhur Jaffrey, actress and author of cookery books.	Cotton Mary	Madhur Jaffrey
cast member	Allá en el Rancho Grande (English: Out On The Great Ranch) is a 1936 Mexican romantic drama film directed by Fernando de Fuentes and starring Tito Guízar and Esther Fernández.	Allá en el Rancho Grande	Tito Guízar	Esther Fernández
cast member	Thovalapookkal is a 1995 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Suresh Unnithan, starring Jagathy Sreekumar and Urvashi in the lead roles.	Thovalapookkal	Jagathy Sreekumar
cast member	William Shatner's Gonzo Ballet is a feature-length documentary film about a ballet by Margo Sappington called ``Common People'', which was set to the music of William Shatner and Ben Folds from their album Has Been.	William Shatner's Gonzo Ballet	Margo Sappington	Ben Folds
cast member	The Ballad of Josie is a 1967 Technicolor American comedy western film directed by Andrew V. McLaglen and starring Doris Day, Peter Graves and George Kennedy.	The Ballad of Josie	Doris Day	Peter Graves	George Kennedy
cast member	Cantonen Iron Kung Fu is a 1979 Hong Kong martial arts film written and directed by Lee Chiu and starring Bryan Leung as historical figure Leung Kwan, who was one of the Ten Tigers of Canton.	Cantonen Iron Kung Fu	Bryan Leung
cast member	Young Ideas is a 1943 American romantic comedy film directed by Jules Dassin and starring Susan Peters, Herbert Marshall and Mary Astor.	Young Ideas	Susan Peters	Herbert Marshall	Mary Astor
cast member	Wang's fourth feature film, Weaving Girl stars Wang's frequent collaborator and former partner, actress Yu Nan.	Weaving Girl	Yu Nan
cast member	Die Jungfrau auf dem Dach (English translation: ``The Virgin on the Roof'') is a 1953 American comedy film produced and directed by Otto Preminger.	Die Jungfrau auf dem Dach	Otto Preminger
cast member	Matti Manushulu is a 1990 Telugu drama film written and directed by B. Narsing Rao starring Archana.	Matti Manushulu	Archana
cast member	Sully Boyar, Jill Eikenberry, Walter McGinn, Andrew Duggan, Paul D'Amato and Mason Adams also appeared on The Deadliest Season.	The Deadliest Season	Jill Eikenberry
cast member	Best of the Best 2 is a 1993 martial arts film directed by Robert Radler, and starring Eric Roberts and Phillip Rhee.	Best of the Best 2	Eric Roberts	Phillip Rhee
cast member	Goto, Island of Love (French: Goto, l'île d'amour) is a 1968 French drama film directed by Walerian Borowczyk and starring Pierre Brasseur.	Goto, Island of Love	Pierre Brasseur
cast member	Burn! (Italian: Queimada) is a 1969 Italian-French war drama film directed by Gillo Pontecorvo and starring Marlon Brando, Evaristo Márquez and Renato Salvatori.	Burn!	Marlon Brando	Evaristo Márquez	Renato Salvatori
cast member	The Five Pennies is a semi-biographical 1959 film starring Danny Kaye as cornet player and bandleader Loring Red Nichols.	The Five Pennies	Danny Kaye
cast member	Girls' Generation's Himnaera Him! (Hangul: 소녀시대의 힘내라 힘!; lit. Girls' Generation's Cheer Up!), is a South Korean television reality show starring the South Korean girl group Girls' Generation.	Himnaera Him!	Girls' Generation
cast member	The Wild Wild West is set in the 1870s and deals with the exploits of James West (played by Robert Conrad) and Artemus Gordon (Ross Martin), two agents of the United States Secret Service who work directly under the command of then-President Ulysses S. Grant.	The Wild Wild West	Robert Conrad	Ross Martin
cast member	Megham (Malayalam: മേഘം, English: The Cloud) is a 1999 Malayalam musical comedy film directed by Priyadarshan, starring Mammootty, Priya Gill, Dileep, K. P. A. C. Lalitha, Pooja Batra, Sreenivasan, Nedumudi Venu, Captain Raju, and Cochin Haneefa.	Megham	Mammootty	Priya Gill	Dileep	K. P. A. C. Lalitha	Pooja Batra	Sreenivasan	Nedumudi Venu	Captain Raju	Cochin Haneefa
cast member	Savage Weekend is a 1979 American horror film directed by David Paulsen and starring Christopher Allport, David Gale, William Sanderson, and Caitlin O'Heaney.	Savage Weekend	Christopher Allport	David Gale	William Sanderson
cast member	The Great Caruso is a 1951 biographical film made by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and starring Mario Lanza as Enrico Caruso.	The Great Caruso	Mario Lanza
cast member	Lindsay Lohan, who had made her motion picture debut in Meyers' remake of The Parent Trap (1998), and James Franco, a friend of Meyers, make uncredited appearances in the trailer of the fictional movie Deception, which Amanda and her team finish at the beginning of The Holiday.	The Holiday	Lindsay Lohan	James Franco
cast member	The Railway Station Man is a 1992 British drama film directed by Michael Whyte, and starring Julie Christie, Donald Sutherland and John Lynch.	The Railway Station Man	Julie Christie
cast member	Kaakki is a 2007 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Bibin Prabhakar, starring Mukesh and Prithviraj in the lead roles.	Kaakki	Mukesh
cast member	Gata Velha Ainda Mia (English: Never Too Old to Meow) is a 2013 Brazilian drama thriller film written and directed by Rafael Primot and starring Regina Duarte, Bárbara Paz and Gilda Nomacce.	Gata Velha Ainda Mia	Regina Duarte
cast member	Darsheel Safary as Kunal / Zokkomon Manjari Phadnis as Kittu Anupam Kher as Deshraj (Kunal's uncle) / Dr Vivek Roy	Zokkomon	Manjari Phadnis	Anupam Kher
cast member	December Pookal (English: December flowers) is a 1986 Tamil language film starring Mohan in the lead role of the protagonist, Revathi, Nalini, Nizhalgal Ravi, Goundamani and Senthil.	December Pookal	Mohan	Revathi	Nalini	Nizhalgal Ravi	Goundamani	Senthil
cast member	High Kick Girl! (ハイキック・ガール!) is a 2009 martial arts film starring Rina Takeda.	High Kick Girl!	Rina Takeda
cast member	I Love Me is a 2012 Malayalam thriller film directed by B. Unnikrishnan, starring Unni Mukundan, Asif Ali, Isha Talwar.	I Love Me	Unni Mukundan	Asif Ali	Isha Talwar
cast member	The Tingler is a 1959 horror-thriller film by American producer/director William Castle.	The Tingler	William Castle
cast member	The cartoon involves Hard Luck Duck (Russi Taylor), after venturing away from Crocodile Harley (Brad Garrett)'s watch, is a hungry fox (Jim Cummings)'s target to be cooked.	Hard Luck Duck	Russi Taylor	Brad Garrett	Jim Cummings
cast member	This Property Is Condemned is a 1966 American drama film starring Natalie Wood, Robert Redford, Kate Reid, Charles Bronson and Mary Badham and directed by Sydney Pollack.	This Property Is Condemned	Natalie Wood	Robert Redford	Kate Reid	Charles Bronson	Mary Badham
cast member	I Killed the Count is a 1939 British, black-and-white, comedy, crime, mystery film, directed by Frederic Zelnik and starring Ronald Shiner as Mullet, Ben Lyon, Syd Walker, Terence De Marney, Barbara Blair and Athole Stewart.	I Killed the Count	Ben Lyon
cast member	Namkeen (Devanāgarī: नमकीन, English: Salty), 1982 Hindi film, directed by Gulzar, with Sharmila Tagore, Sanjeev Kumar, Shabana Azmi and Waheeda Rehman as leads.	Namkeen	Sharmila Tagore
cast member	Haldane of the Secret Service is a 1923 American adventure silent film directed by Harry Houdini.	Haldane of the Secret Service	Harry Houdini
cast member	Mrs. Fitzherbert (AKA Princess Fitz and A Court Secret), is a rarely seen 1947 British historical drama film directed by Montgomery Tully and starring Peter Graves, Joyce Howard and Leslie Banks.	Mrs. Fitzherbert	Peter Graves
cast member	Ottran (English: A Spy) is a 2003 Tamil film starring Arjun, Simran, Manorama, Vadivelu, Tejashree, Sarath Babu and directed by Ilankannan.	Ottran	Simran	Manorama
cast member	Around the World Under the Sea is a 1966 science fiction film directed by Andrew Marton and starring Lloyd Bridges, with Marshall Thompson, Shirley Eaton, Gary Merrill, and David McCallum.	Around the World Under the Sea	Lloyd Bridges	Marshall Thompson	Shirley Eaton	Gary Merrill	David McCallum
cast member	City Heat is a 1984 American crime film starring Clint Eastwood and Burt Reynolds, and directed by Richard Benjamin.	City Heat	Clint Eastwood	Burt Reynolds
cast member	King of the Hotel (French:Le roi des palaces) is a 1932 British-French comedy film directed by Carmine Gallone and starring Jules Berry, Betty Stockfeld and Armand Dranem.	King of the Hotel	Jules Berry	Betty Stockfeld	Dranem
cast member	Hay Foot is a 1942 American military comedy, the second of five World War II-themed Hal Roach's Streamliners starring William Tracy and Joe Sawyer (three additional entries in the series were produced after the war).	Hay Foot	William Tracy	Joe Sawyer
cast member	Meu Passado Me Condena is a 2013 Brazilian comedy film directed by Julia Rezende, and starring Fábio Porchat and Mia Mello.	Meu Passado Me Condena	Fábio Porchat
cast member	The Compleat Al is a mockumentary about the life of ``Weird Al'' Yankovic, from his birth in 1959, to 1985.	The Compleat Al	Weird Al'' Yankovic
cast member	Shot in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Speedy Delivery is a character study of Newell, examining his mission to help save ``The Neighborhood'' following the passing of his close friend Fred Rogers.	Speedy Delivery	Fred Rogers
cast member	Human Desire is a 1954 black-and-white film noir directed by Fritz Lang, starring Glenn Ford.	Human Desire	Glenn Ford
cast member	Ayalvasi Oru Daridravasi (Malayalam: അയല്‍വാസി ഒരു ദരിദ്രവാസി, English: My Neighbor is a Hobo) is a 1986 Malayalam comedy film written and directed by Priyadarshan, starring Prem Nazir, Nedumudi Venu, Shankar, Sukumari, Seema, Innocent, Mukesh, Menaka, Maniyanpilla Raju, Kuthiravattam Pappu, Ramu and Lizy.	Ayalvasi Oru Daridravasi	Prem Nazir	Nedumudi Venu	Sukumari	Seema	Innocent	Mukesh	Menaka	Maniyanpilla Raju	Kuthiravattam Pappu	Lizy
cast member	Her Greatest Love is a 1917 American silent drama film directed by J. Gordon Edwards, starring Theda Bara, and based on the 1880 novel Moths by Ouida.	Her Greatest Love	Theda Bara
cast member	Jaan-E-Mann (translation: Sweetheart or Darling or Beloved) is a 2006 Bollywood romantic comedy drama film starring Salman Khan, Akshay Kumar and Preity Zinta in the lead roles.	Jaan-E-Mann	Salman Khan	Akshay Kumar	Preity Zinta
cast member	The Two Waters (Spanish: A dos aguas) is a 1988 Argentine drama film directed by Carlos Olguin-Trelawny, his opera prima, and written Martha Gavensky starring Miguel Ángel Solá and Bárbara Mújica.	The Two Waters	Miguel Ángel Solá
cast member	Pawan Kalyan played the lead role as Gudumba Shankar while Meera Jasmine, Ashish Vidyarthi, and Sayaji Shinde played other vital roles.	Gudumba Shankar	Pawan Kalyan	Meera Jasmine	Ashish Vidyarthi
cast member	Angels Crest is a 2011 American-Canadian independent drama film directed by Gaby Dellal and starring Thomas Dekker and Mira Sorvino.	Angels Crest	Thomas Dekker	Mira Sorvino
cast member	The Birdcage is a 1996 American comedy film, directed by Mike Nichols and stars Robin Williams, Gene Hackman, Nathan Lane, and Dianne Wiest.	The Birdcage	Robin Williams	Gene Hackman	Nathan Lane	Dianne Wiest
cast member	Costa Rican Summer is a 2010 American comedy film starring Peter Dante, Brock Kelly, Susan Ward, Julianna Guill and Pamela Anderson,& Model George Hudson.	Costa Rican Summer	Peter Dante	Brock Kelly	Susan Ward	Julianna Guill	Pamela Anderson
cast member	Hughie Green - Midshipman Easy Margaret Lockwood - Donna Agnes Harry Tate - Mr Biggs Robert Adams - Mesty Roger Livesey - Captain Wilson Dennis Wyndham - Don Silvio Lewis Casson - Mr Easy Tom Gill - Gascoine Frederick Burtwell - Mr. Easthupp Desmond Tester - Gossett Dorothy Holmes-Gore - Mrs Easy	Midshipman Easy	Robert Adams	Roger Livesey
cast member	Solla Thudikuthu Manasu is a 1988 Indian Tamil film, directed by B. Lenin, starring Karthik and newcomer Priyasri in lead roles.	Solla Thudikuthu Manasu	Karthik
cast member	Les Pas perdus (English title: The Last Steps) is a 1964 French drama film directed by Jacques Robin who co-wrote screenplay with René Fallet, based on novel by René Fallet.	Les Pas perdus	René Fallet
cast member	Liza, the Fox-Fairy (Hungarian: Liza, a rókatündér) is a 2015 Hungarian black comedy film directed by Károly Ujj Mészáros, starring Mónika Balsai, Szabolcs Bede-Fazekas and David Sakurai.	Liza, the Fox-Fairy	Mónika Balsai	Szabolcs Bede-Fazekas	David Sakurai
cast member	Domestic Disturbance is a 2001 American psychological thriller film directed by Harold Becker (his last film to date) and stars John Travolta and Vince Vaughn.	Domestic Disturbance	John Travolta	Vince Vaughn
cast member	Rehmat Ali is a 2010 Bengal-language Indian feature film directed by Partho Ghosh for producers Raj Behl and Geeta Behl, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Rituparna Sengupta and Rupa Ganguly in lead roles.	Rehmat Ali	Mithun Chakraborty
cast member	Radhachakram is a 1992 Indian Malayalam film, directed by P Jaisingh, starring Jagathy Sreekumar and Abhilasha in the lead roles.	Radhachakram	Jagathy Sreekumar
cast member	Ee Thirakkinidayil (Malayalam: ഈ തിരക്കിനിടയിൽ) is a 2012 Malayalam film directed by Anil Kaarakkulam, starring Vinu Mohan and Muktha in the lead roles.	Ee Thirakkinidayil	Vinu Mohan
cast member	The Fly II is a 1989 science fiction horror film starring Eric Stoltz and Daphne Zuniga.	The Fly II	Eric Stoltz	Daphne Zuniga
cast member	The Drover's Sweetheart is a 1911 film from the team of Agnes and John Gavin.	The Drover's Sweetheart	John Gavin
cast member	UFOria is a science fiction/comedy movie starring Fred Ward, Harry Dean Stanton, Harry Carey, Jr. and Cindy Williams.	UFOria	Fred Ward	Harry Dean Stanton	Harry Carey	Cindy Williams
cast member	Convention Girl is a 1935 film starring Rose Hobart and featuring Shemp Howard of the Three Stooges.	Convention Girl	Rose Hobart	Shemp Howard
cast member	Aankhon Ke Saamne is a 1981 Bollywood film directed by D.S.Azad for producer B.S.Suri, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Vijayendra Ghatge	Aankhon Ke Saamne	Mithun Chakraborty
cast member	How She Triumphed was a 1911 American short silent romantic drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet.	How She Triumphed	Blanche Sweet
cast member	The Maiden Heist is a 2009 comedy film directed by Peter Hewitt and starring Morgan Freeman, Christopher Walken, William H. Macy and Marcia Gay Harden.	The Maiden Heist	Morgan Freeman	Christopher Walken	William H. Macy	Marcia Gay Harden
cast member	The Elusive Corporal (French: Le Caporal épinglé) is a 1962 French comedy film directed by Jean Renoir and starring Jean-Pierre Cassel.	The Elusive Corporal	Jean-Pierre Cassel
cast member	Khiladi 420 (English: Con Player) is an Indian Hindi action film directed by Neeraj Vora and starring Akshay Kumar and Mahima Chaudhry.	Khiladi 420	Akshay Kumar
cast member	Be-Shaque is a 1981 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Kannada Actor -Director Kashinath, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Yogeeta Bali, Amrish Puri and Jalal Agha.	Be-Shaque	Mithun Chakraborty	Yogeeta Bali	Amrish Puri	Jalal Agha
cast member	Dead Bang is a 1989 action film directed by John Frankenheimer and starring Don Johnson.	Dead Bang	Don Johnson
cast member	Getting Gertie's Garter is a 1945 American slapstick comedy film written and directed by Allan Dwan, and starring Dennis O'Keefe, Marie McDonald, and Barry Sullivan.	Getting Gertie's Garter	Dennis O'Keefe
cast member	At the Death House Door is a 2008 documentary film about Carroll Pickett, who served as the death house chaplain to the infamous ``Walls'' prison unit in Huntsville, Texas.	At the Death House Door	Carroll Pickett
cast member	Sorority Party Massacre is a 2012 horror film written and directed by Chris W. Freeman, co-directed by Justin Jones and starring Eve Mauro and Ed O'Ross.	Sorority Party Massacre	Ed O'Ross
cast member	The Broken Oath is a 1910 silent short film starring Florence Lawrence, directed by Harry Solter, and produced by Carl Laemmle.	The Broken Oath	Florence Lawrence
cast member	Chatur Singh Two Star is a 2011 Bollywood action comedy film, directed by Ajay Chandhok, starring Sanjay Dutt, Ameesha Patel and Suresh Menon in the lead roles.	Chatur Singh Two Star	Sanjay Dutt
cast member	Four Hours to Kill! is a 1935 American drama film directed by Mitchell Leisen and starring Richard Barthelmess.	Four Hours to Kill!	Richard Barthelmess
cast member	Echchil Iravugal is a 1982 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Prof.A.S.Pragasam, starring Roopa, Prathap Pothan, Raveendran and Vanitha Krishnachandran in lead roles.	Echchil Iravugal	Roopa
cast member	Katharine Hepburn as Lady Cynthia Darrington Colin Clive as Sir Christopher Strong Billie Burke as Lady Strong Helen Chandler as Monica Ralph Forbes as Harry Rawlinson Irene Browne as Carrie Valentine Jack La Rue as Carlo Desmond Roberts as Bryce Mercer Agostino Borgato as Fortune teller	Christopher Strong	Irene Browne
cast member	The Kid from Left Field is a 1953 baseball film starring Dan Dailey, Anne Bancroft, Lloyd Bridges, and Billy Chapin.	The Kid from Left Field	Dan Dailey	Anne Bancroft	Billy Chapin
cast member	Featuring the voice talents of Reba McEntire and Patrick Swayze, The Fox and the Hound 2 was the last direct-to-video film released by Disney before Disney started releasing its films on the Blu-ray Disc format and the last Disney film to use the classic castle logo.	The Fox and the Hound 2	Reba McEntire	Patrick Swayze
cast member	Come On George! is a 1939 British comedy film by Anthony Kimmins and starring George Formby, Patricia Kirkwood and Joss Ambler.	Come On George!	George Formby
cast member	Vi har det jo dejligt is a 1963 Danish family film directed by Gabriel Axel and starring Dirch Passer.	Vi har det jo dejligt	Dirch Passer
cast member	Attack on the Iron Coast is a 1967 Anglo-American Oakmont Productions international co-production war film directed by Paul Wendkos in the first of his five picture contract with Mirisch Productions, and starring Lloyd Bridges, Andrew Keir, Sue Lloyd, Mark Eden and Maurice Denham.	Attack on the Iron Coast	Lloyd Bridges	Andrew Keir	Sue Lloyd	Mark Eden	Maurice Denham
cast member	Mattoral (Malayalam: മറ്റൊരാള്‍) is a 1988 Malayalam family drama film directed by K. G. George, and starring Mammootty, Karamana Janardanan Nair and Seema.	Mattoral	Mammootty	Karamana Janardanan Nair	Seema
cast member	Shaft in Africa, is a 1973 film directed by John Guillermin and is the third film in the blaxploitation trilogy of films starring Richard Roundtree as John Shaft.	Shaft in Africa	Richard Roundtree
cast member	Jump for Glory is a 1937 British romantic drama film directed by Raoul Walsh and starring Douglas Fairbanks Jr., Valerie Hobson and Alan Hale.	Jump for Glory	Douglas Fairbanks	Valerie Hobson	Alan Hale
cast member	Mr. Deng Goes to Washington is a 2015 Chinese historical documentary film written and directed by Fu Hongxing, starring Deng Xiaoping, Jimmy Carter, Henry Kissinger, Zbigniew Brzezinski, Rina Sa, and Chan Tin-suen.	Mr. Deng Goes to Washington	Deng Xiaoping
cast member	Three Wise Guys is a 2005 American television movie directed by Robert Iscove and starring Eddie McClintock, Jodi Lyn O'Keefe, Judd Nelson, Nicholas Turturro, Roddy Piper, Tom Arnold and Katey Sagal.	Three Wise Guys	Eddie McClintock
cast member	Send for Paul Temple is a 1946 British crime film directed by John Argyle and starring Anthony Hulme, Joy Shelton and Tamara Desni.	Send for Paul Temple	Anthony Hulme	Joy Shelton	Tamara Desni
cast member	Ladies and Gentlemen, The Fabulous Stains is a 1982 film about three teenage girls, played by Diane Lane, Laura Dern and Marin Kanter, who start a punk band.	Ladies and Gentlemen, The Fabulous Stains	Diane Lane	Laura Dern
cast member	Asian Treasures is an action-adventure Philippine drama aired and produced by GMA Network starred by Angel Locsin and Robin Padilla, and was directed by Eric Quizon.	Asian Treasures	Angel Locsin	Robin Padilla
cast member	Gudtaym stars Vhong Navarro and Toni Gonzaga.	Gudtaym	Vhong Navarro	Toni Gonzaga
cast member	Naughty Professor is a 2012 Malayalam comedy film written by Baburaj and directed by Hari Narayanan.	Naughty Professor	Baburaj
cast member	Tarzan's Revenge is a 1938 American adventure film starring Glenn Morris in his only outing as Tarzan.	Tarzan's Revenge	Glenn Morris
cast member	Vuelve el ojo de vidrio (English: The Glass Eye Returns) is a 1970 Mexican revolution-epic film directed by René Cardona Jr., starring Antonio Aguilar, Flor Silvestre, Manuel Capetillo, Eleazar García, Alejandro Reyna, and Guillermo Rivas.	Vuelve el ojo de vidrio	Flor Silvestre	Manuel Capetillo	Eleazar García	Alejandro Reyna	Guillermo Rivas
cast member	The Oil Prince (German: Der Ölprinz) is a 1965 West German-Yugoslav Western film starring Stewart Granger.	The Oil Prince	Stewart Granger
cast member	Race the Sun is a 1996 comedy-drama movie starring Halle Berry and James Belushi.	Race the Sun	Halle Berry
cast member	Slightly Dangerous is a 1943 American romantic comedy film starring Lana Turner and Robert Young.	Slightly Dangerous	Lana Turner	Robert Young
cast member	Wicked, Wicked is a 1973 horror-thriller feature film starring David Bailey, Tiffany Bolling and Randolph Roberts that was presented in ``Duo-Vision,'' a gimmick more commonly known as split-screen.	Wicked, Wicked	David Bailey	Tiffany Bolling	Randolph Roberts
cast member	Shudharil Shudhan is a 2009 Malayalam film by debutant director Jayaraj Vijay, starring Mukesh, Kalabhavan Mani and Indrans.	Shudharil Shudhan	Kalabhavan Mani	Indrans
cast member	The film stars Jean Arthur, Fred MacMurray and Melvyn Douglas, and is based on the 1919 play Home and Beauty by W. Somerset Maugham, which was retitled to Too Many Husbands when it came to New York.	Too Many Husbands	Jean Arthur	Fred MacMurray	Melvyn Douglas
cast member	Kappal Muthalaali(English translation: The Ship Owner) is a 2009 Malayalam film by Thaha starring a popular TV presenter and comedy artist Ramesh Pisharody in title role and new face Sarayu as lead actress.	Kappal Muthalaali	Ramesh Pisharody	Sarayu
cast member	Tender Fictions is a 1996 autobiographical documentary film directed by American experimental filmmaker Barbara Hammer.	Tender Fictions	Barbara Hammer
cast member	The Constable is a 2013 Hong Kong action drama film written, produced and directed by Dennis Law and starring Simon Yam.	The Constable	Simon Yam
cast member	There's Gonna Be a God Damn Riot in Here is a film documenting the last live poetry reading given outside the US by Charles Bukowski, even though he lived and wrote for another 14 years.	There's Gonna Be a God Damn Riot in Here	Charles Bukowski
cast member	It Happened Only Once (German:Das gab's nur einmal) is a 1958 West German drama film directed by Géza von Bolváry and starring Hans Albers, Helga Martin and Stanislav Ledinek.	It Happened Only Once	Hans Albers
cast member	She Learned About Sailors is a 1934 drama film starring Alice Faye, and Lew Ayres.	She Learned About Sailors	Alice Faye	Lew Ayres
cast member	Spicy Chile (Spanish:Chile picante) is a 1983 Mexican comedy film directed by René Cardona Jr. and starring Andrés García, Angélica Chain and Alberto Rojas.	Spicy Chile	Andrés García
cast member	The events were the subject of two acclaimed works, both titled Murder in Coweta County: a 1976 book by Margaret Anne Barnes and a 1983 television movie on CBS starring Johnny Cash and Andy Griffith.	Murder in Coweta County	Johnny Cash	Andy Griffith
cast member	Bound on the Wheel is a 1915 American short silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney.	Bound on the Wheel	Lon Chaney
cast member	Make Me an Offer is a 1954 British comedy film directed by Cyril Frankel and starring Peter Finch as an antique dealer.	Make Me an Offer	Peter Finch
cast member	Maurice de Féraudy as Jérôme Crainquebille Félix Oudart as L'agent 64 Jean Forest as La Souris Marguerite Carré as Mme Laure Jeanne Cheirel as Mme Bayard René Worms as M. Lemerle Charles Mosnier Armand Numès Françoise Rosay	Crainquebille	Maurice de Féraudy	Félix Oudart	Jean Forest	Jeanne Cheirel	René Worms	Françoise Rosay
cast member	Follow a Star is a 1959 British comedy film directed by Robert Asher and starring Norman Wisdom.	Follow a Star	Norman Wisdom
cast member	Flight into Danger is a 1956 Canadian television film starring James Doohan , Corinne Conley, Kate Reid, Zachary Scott and Philip Gilbert.	Flight into Danger	James Doohan	Kate Reid
cast member	Never Weaken is a 1921 silent comedy film starring Harold Lloyd and directed by Fred Newmeyer.	Never Weaken	Harold Lloyd
cast member	Inspired by Bach, a part of Sony Classical celebrates Bach series, presents contemporary cellist Yo-Yo Ma performing the six Suites for Unaccompanied Cello by Johann Sebastian Bach in collaboration with artists from different disciplines, in a set of six films, respectively.	Inspired by Bach	Yo-Yo Ma
cast member	Maleyali Jotheyali (Kannada: ಮಳೆಯಲಿ ಜೊತೆಯಲಿ) is a 2009 Indian Kannada-language film that stars Ganesh, Anjana Sukhani and Yuvika Chaudhary.	Maleyali Jotheyali	Ganesh	Anjana Sukhani	Yuvika Chaudhary
cast member	Hundertwasser's Rainy Day (German: Hundertwassers Regentag) is a 1972 West German short documentary film about artist Friedensreich Hundertwasser rebuilding an old wooden ship called Regentag (Rainy Day).	Hundertwasser's Rainy Day	Friedensreich Hundertwasser
cast member	The Red Dragon is a 1946 mystery film starring Sidney Toler as Charlie Chan, who has to sift through a host of suspects for three murders.	The Red Dragon	Sidney Toler
cast member	Apenas o Fim is a 2008 Brazilian comedy-romance film directed by Matheus Souza, his directorial debut, and starring Gregório Duvivier, Érika Mader, Nathalia Dill and Marcelo Adnet.	Apenas o Fim	Gregório Duvivier
cast member	Nertsery Rhymes is a 1933 American Pre-Code short film starring ``Ted Healy and His Stooges'', a musical comedy released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.	Nertsery Rhymes	Ted Healy
cast member	Cries from the Deep (French: Les pièges de la mer) is a 1981 documentary directed by Jacques Gagné about Jacques Cousteau's exploration of the Grand Banks of Newfoundland.	Cries from the Deep	Jacques Cousteau
cast member	Trouble for Nothing is a 1916 British silent comedy film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Guy Newall, Hayford Hobbs and Jeff Barlow.	Trouble for Nothing	Guy Newall
cast member	Chandra Mukhi, along with Chaand Kaa Tukdaa, created huge expectation as, Salman Khan and Sridevi paired together.	Chandra Mukhi	Salman Khan	Sridevi
cast member	S.O.S. Perils of the Sea is a 1925 American silent film featuring Elaine Hammerstein, directed by James P. Hogan and released through Columbia Pictures.	S.O.S. Perils of the Sea	Elaine Hammerstein
cast member	Elizabeth Daily as Beary Barrington (singing voice) Diedrich Bader as Ted Bedderhead, the lead vocals and guitar player of The Country Bears and Fred's older brother.	The Country Bears	Elizabeth Daily
cast member	Kaaval Geetham is a 1992 film starring Vikram and Sithara in the lead roles.	Kaaval Geetham	Vikram
cast member	Le bourreau des cœurs is a 1983 French comedy film written and directed by Christian Gion and starring Aldo Maccione.	Le bourreau des cœurs	Christian Gion	Aldo Maccione
cast member	Oomappenninu Uriyadappayyan is a 2002 Malayalam romantic drama film directed by Vinayan starring Jayasurya and Kavya Madhavan in the lead roles.	Oomappenninu Uriyadappayyan	Jayasurya	Kavya Madhavan
cast member	Det støver stadig is a 1962 Danish comedy film directed by Poul Bang and starring Helle Virkner.	Det støver stadig	Helle Virkner
cast member	Tragedy in the House of Habsburg (German: Tragödie im Hause Habsburg) is a 1924 German silent historical film directed by Alexander Korda and starring María Corda, Kálmán Zátony and Emil Fenyvessy.	Tragedy in the House of Habsburg	María Corda	Emil Fenyvessy
cast member	The Final Countdown Tour 1986 is a concert video released by the Swedish hard rock band Europe.	The Final Countdown Tour 1986	Europe
cast member	Madhuraiyai Meetta Sundharapandiyan (Tamil: மதுரையை மீட்ட சுந்தரபாண்டியன் English: Sundharapandiyan Who Redeemed Madurai), is a 1978 Indian Tamil directed by M. G. Ramachandran, starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role, with M. N. Nambiar, P. S. Veerappa, Latha and Padmapriya.	Madhuraiyai Meetta Sundharapandiyan	M. G. Ramachandran	M. N. Nambiar	P. S. Veerappa	Latha
cast member	The 15 Year Old Girl (French: La Fille de 15 ans) is a 1989 French drama film directed by Jacques Doillon.	The 15 Year Old Girl	Jacques Doillon
cast member	Lonesome Luke, Circus King is a 1916 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.	Lonesome Luke, Circus King	Harold Lloyd
cast member	Because of That War (Hebrew: בגלל המלחמה ההיא‎, Biglal Hamilkhama Hahi) is a feature-length 1988 Hebrew-language documentary about Yehuda Poliker and Ya'akov Gilad, two children of Holocaust survivors.	Because of That War	Yehuda Poliker
cast member	Forever Fabulous is a 1999 comedy starring Jean Smart, Jennifer Elise Cox, Robert Wagner, Emily Proctor and Jorja Fox, which was written and directed by Werner Molinsky and initially screened at the under the title Tiara Tango at the 1999 Austin Film Festival.	Forever Fabulous	Jean Smart
cast member	Busting is a 1974 film directed by Peter Hyams, starring Elliott Gould and Robert Blake as Los Angeles police detectives.	Busting	Elliott Gould	Robert Blake
cast member	The Man from Elysian Fields is a 2001 drama film directed by George Hickenlooper, and starring Andy Garcia, Mick Jagger, Olivia Williams, Julianna Margulies, and James Coburn.	The Man from Elysian Fields	Mick Jagger	Olivia Williams	Julianna Margulies	James Coburn
cast member	The series starred John Thaw as barrister James Kavanagh QC who comes from a working-class upbringing in Bolton, Greater Manchester.	Kavanagh QC	John Thaw
cast member	Riefenstahl co-starred with Gustav Diessl and Ernst Udet in the German version S.O.S. Eisberg, and with Gibson Gowland and Rod La Rocque in the English version S.O.S. Iceberg.	S.O.S. Eisberg	Rod La Rocque
cast member	My Big Love is a 2008 romantic comedy film from Star Cinema starring Sam Milby, Kristine Hermosa and Toni Gonzaga.	My Big Love	Sam Milby	Kristine Hermosa	Toni Gonzaga
cast member	Athisaya Piravi is a 1990 Indian Tamil fantasy-comedy film starring Rajinikanth, Kanaka, Nagesh and Sheeba Akashdeep.	Athisaya Piravi	Rajinikanth	Kanaka	Nagesh
cast member	The American Ruling Class is a 2005 dramatic documentary film written by Lewis H. Lapham and directed by John Kirby that ``explores our country's most taboo topic: class, power and privilege in our nominally democratic republic.''	The American Ruling Class	Lewis H. Lapham
cast member	Mar Mitenge is an action drama, featuring Jeetendra and Mithun Chakraborty, well supported by Madhavi, Bhanupriya, Shakti Kapoor, Amrish Puri and Kader Khan.	Mar Mitenge	Shakti Kapoor	Amrish Puri	Kader Khan
cast member	Jodi Hakki (Kannada: ಜೋಡಿ ಹಕ್ಕಿ) is a 1997 Indian Kannada film directed, written and scripted by D. Rajendra Babu starring Shiva Rajkumar, Charulatha and Vijayalakshmi in the lead roles.	Jodi Hakki	Shiva Rajkumar
cast member	Devathayai Kanden (Tamil: தேவதையை கண்டேன்; English: I Saw an Angel) is a 2005 Indian Tamil film starring Dhanush and Sridevi Vijaykumar.	Devathayai Kanden	Dhanush	Sridevi Vijaykumar
cast member	A Perfect Murder is a 1998 American crime thriller film directed by Andrew Davis and starring Michael Douglas, Gwyneth Paltrow, and Viggo Mortensen.	A Perfect Murder	Michael Douglas	Gwyneth Paltrow	Viggo Mortensen
cast member	The Smell of Success is an Initiate Productions film directed by Michael Polish, starring Billy Bob Thornton, Téa Leoni, Kyle MacLachlan, and Ed Helms.	The Smell of Success	Billy Bob Thornton	Téa Leoni	Kyle MacLachlan	Ed Helms
cast member	The Bitter Tea of General Yen is a 1933 American Pre-Code drama film directed by Frank Capra, and starring Barbara Stanwyck, and featuring Nils Asther and Walter Connolly.	The Bitter Tea of General Yen	Barbara Stanwyck	Nils Asther	Walter Connolly
cast member	Land of the Pharaohs is a 1955 American epic film in Cinemascope, directed and produced by Howard Hawks and starring the two British actors Jack Hawkins and Joan Collins as Pharaoh Khufu (also known as Cheops) and his second wife Nellifer, in fictional account of the building of the Great Pyramid.	Land of the Pharaohs	Jack Hawkins	Joan Collins
cast member	Rove McManus also appears in the film as himself, promoting The Wannabes on his TV show Rove Live.	The Wannabes	Rove McManus
cast member	Doing His Bit is a 1917 British silent comedy film directed by Edwin J. Collins and starring George Robey and Marjorie Hume and Howard Boddey.	Doing His Bit	George Robey
cast member	Sands of Oblivion is a 2007 Sci-Fi Channel original movie starring Morena Baccarin, Adam Baldwin, Victor Webster, George Kennedy, Richard Kind and Dan Castellaneta.	Sands of Oblivion	Morena Baccarin	Adam Baldwin	Victor Webster	George Kennedy	Richard Kind	Dan Castellaneta
cast member	Wicked Little Things (also known as Zombies) is a 2006 zombie horror film directed by J. S. Cardone and stars Lori Heuring, Scout Taylor-Compton and Chloë Grace Moretz.	Wicked Little Things	Lori Heuring	Scout Taylor-Compton	Chloë Grace Moretz
cast member	Blind Hearts is a 1921 American silent drama film produced by Hobart Bosworth who stars along with Madge Bellamy and Raymond McKee.	Blind Hearts	Madge Bellamy	Raymond McKee
cast member	Awwal Number is a 1990 film directed by Dev Anand.	Awwal Number	Dev Anand
cast member	Ave Caesar! is a 1919 Hungarian drama film directed by Alexander Korda and starring Oscar Beregi Sr., María Corda and Gábor Rajnay.	Ave Caesar!	Gábor Rajnay
cast member	Three Days of the Condor (stylized on the poster art as 3 Days of the Condor) is a 1975 American Technicolor political thriller Panavision film directed by Sydney Pollack and starring Robert Redford, Faye Dunaway, Cliff Robertson, and Max von Sydow.	Three Days of the Condor	Robert Redford	Faye Dunaway	Cliff Robertson	Max von Sydow
cast member	100% Arabica (1997) is a French comedy movie, directed by Mahmoud Zemmouri, starring Khaled, and Cheb Mami.	100% Arabica	Khaled	Cheb Mami
cast member	The Squall is a 1929 American Pre-Code drama film directed by Alexander Korda and starring Richard Tucker, Alice Joyce and Loretta Young, and based on the 1926 play The Squall by Jean Bart.	The Squall	Richard Tucker	Alice Joyce	Loretta Young
cast member	Shoebite is the story of a man in his early 60s played by Amitabh Bachchan.	Shoebite	Amitabh Bachchan
cast member	Come on Danger! is a 1932 Pre-Code Western film, and the first film Tom Keene would make at RKO Studios.	Come on Danger!	Tom Keene
cast member	Kevin Costner as Roy ``Tin Cup'' McAvoy Rene Russo as Dr. Molly Griswold Don Johnson as David Simms Cheech Marin as Romeo Posar Linda Hart as Doreen	Tin Cup	Linda Hart
cast member	Vigneshwar is a 1991 Indian Tamil film, directed by R. Raghu, starring Karthik, Kushboo and Radha Ravi in lead roles.	Vigneshwar	Karthik
cast member	For You I Die is a 1947 American film noir directed by John Reinhardt and featuring Cathy Downs, Paul Langton, Mischa Auer and Roman Bohnen.	For You I Die	Cathy Downs	Paul Langton	Mischa Auer
cast member	The Adventure of Iron Pussy (Thai: หัวใจทรนง or Hua jai tor ra nong) is a 2003 Thai musical-action-comedy film written and directed by Apichatpong Weerasethakul and Michael Shaowanasai and starring Shaowanasai.	The Adventure of Iron Pussy	Michael Shaowanasai
cast member	Livin' with Lucy is an Irish television programme presented by Lucy Kennedy.	Livin' with Lucy	Lucy Kennedy
cast member	Mud and Sand is a silent film starring Stan Laurel, that was filmed in 1922.	Mud and Sand	Stan Laurel
cast member	We Married Margo is a 2000 American independent comedy film directed by J. David Shapiro and co-written by Shapiro and William Dozier.	We Married Margo	William Dozier
cast member	Kabita is a 1977 Bengali-language Indian feature film directed by Bharat Shamsher starring Mala Sinha in the lead role.	Kabita	Mala Sinha
cast member	The nun with her back to him is the beautiful young Sister Therese (``Sea Wife'') (Joan Collins).	Sea Wife	Joan Collins
cast member	Mickey's Mechanical Man is a 1933 animated short cartoon created by Walt Disney.	Mickey's Mechanical Man	Walt Disney
cast member	Shadow of Egypt is a 1924 British silent adventure film directed by Sidney Morgan and starring Carlyle Blackwell, Alma Taylor and Milton Rosmer.	Shadow of Egypt	Carlyle Blackwell	Alma Taylor	Milton Rosmer
cast member	School of Life is a 2005 made-for-television comedy-drama film starring Ryan Reynolds about a teacher who moves to a town and shakes the old school ways up a bit.	School of Life	Ryan Reynolds
cast member	Fighting Caravans is a 1931 American Pre-Code Western film directed by Otto Brower and David Burton and starring Gary Cooper, Lili Damita, and Ernest Torrence.	Fighting Caravans	Gary Cooper	Lili Damita	Ernest Torrence
cast member	Teen Devian (English: Three Goddesses) is a 1965 Bollywood film directed by Amarjeet starring Dev Anand.	Teen Devian	Dev Anand
cast member	Made in Paris is a 1966 American romantic comedy film starring Louis Jourdan, Ann-Margret, Richard Crenna, Edie Adams and Chad Everett.	Made in Paris	Louis Jourdan	Ann-Margret	Richard Crenna	Chad Everett
cast member	Swamp Water is a 1941 film directed by Jean Renoir, starring Walter Brennan and Walter Huston, produced at 20th Century Fox, and based on the novel by Vereen Bell.	Swamp Water	Walter Brennan	Walter Huston
cast member	Scandal in Bad Ischl (German:Skandal in Ischl) is a 1957 Austrian historical comedy film directed by Rolf Thiele and starring O.W. Fischer, Elisabeth Müller and Ivan Desny.	Scandal in Bad Ischl	Elisabeth Müller	Ivan Desny
cast member	Taffin is a 1988 Irish thriller film directed by Francis Megahy and starring Pierce Brosnan in the title role of Mark Taffin.	Taffin	Pierce Brosnan
cast member	Kalaavida (Kannada: ಕಲಾವಿದ) is a 1949 Indian Kannada film, directed and produced by B. Sohanlal.	Kalaavida	B. Sohanlal
cast member	Miss Tulip Stays the Night is a 1955 British comedy crime film directed by Leslie Arliss and starring Diana Dors, Patrick Holt, Jack Hulbert and Cicely Courtneidge.	Miss Tulip Stays the Night	Diana Dors
cast member	Satan's Sadists (also known as Nightmare Bloodbath) is a 1969 biker film directed by Al Adamson and starring Russ Tamblyn.	Satan's Sadists	Russ Tamblyn
cast member	Con Express is a 2002 direct-to-video action film with a political edge, starring by Arnold Vosloo, Sean Patrick Flanery, and Tim Thomerson.	Con Express	Arnold Vosloo	Sean Patrick Flanery	Tim Thomerson
cast member	The Boy Who Cried Bitch is a 1991 American independent drama film directed by Juan Jose Campanella and starring Harley Cross, Karen Young, Jason Biggs (in his first speaking role), Jesse Bradford and Adrien Brody.	The Boy Who Cried Bitch	Harley Cross
cast member	The Lion Has Wings is recounted in various ``chapters'' with a linking story revolving around a senior Royal Air Force (RAF) officer, played by Ralph Richardson, his wife and his family.	The Lion Has Wings	Ralph Richardson
cast member	The Mad Miss Manton is a 1938 American screwball comedy and mystery film directed by Leigh Jason and starring Barbara Stanwyck as fun-loving socialite Melsa Manton and Henry Fonda as newspaper editor Peter Ames.	The Mad Miss Manton	Barbara Stanwyck	Henry Fonda
cast member	Mazha (Malayalam: മഴ, English: The Rain) is a 2000 Malayalam film directed by Lenin Rajendran starring Biju Menon, Samyuktha Varma and Lal.	Mazha	Biju Menon	Samyuktha Varma	Lal
cast member	Do Bigha Zamin (Hindi: दो बीघा ज़मीन, translation ``two-thirds of an acre of land'') is a 1953 Hindi film, directed by Bengali film director Bimal Roy and starring Balraj Sahni and Nirupa Roy in lead roles.	Do Bigha Zamin	Balraj Sahni	Nirupa Roy
cast member	Želary is a 2003 Czech/Slovak film directed by Ondřej Trojan, starring Anna Geislerová.	Želary	Anna Geislerová
cast member	The Fanimatrix (full title The Fanimatrix: Run Program) is a science fiction/action fan film based on The Matrix, released on the Internet on 27 September 2003, written and directed by Steven A. Davis and Rajneel Singh.	The Fanimatrix	Steven A. Davis
cast member	Condemned to Live is a 1935 American horror film starring Ralph Morgan and Maxine Doyle, and directed by Frank R. Strayer.	Condemned to Live	Ralph Morgan
cast member	Long Fliv the King is a 1926 comedy film starring Charley Chase and featuring Oliver Hardy and Max Davidson in supporting roles.	Long Fliv the King	Charley Chase	Oliver Hardy	Max Davidson
cast member	Canone inverso - Making Love, also known as The Inverse Canon, is a 2000 Italian drama film directed by Ricky Tognazzi.	Canone inverso	Ricky Tognazzi
cast member	Find a Place to Die (1968) (aka Joe... cercati un posto per morire!) is a spaghetti western starring Jeffrey Hunter and Pascale Petit.	Find a Place to Die	Jeffrey Hunter	Pascale Petit
cast member	Rajakumaari is a Tamil language film, starring M. G. Ramachandran and K. Malathi in the lead role.	Rajakumaari	M. G. Ramachandran
cast member	Billy West as The Hobo Oliver Hardy as Harold (as Babe Hardy) Leo White as Mr. Fox Bud Ross Virginia Clark as Dolly	The Hobo	Billy West	Leo White
cast member	Bastard, Go and Kill (Italian: Bastardo... vamos a matar!) is a 1971 Italian Spaghetti Western film written and directed by Gino Mangini and starring George Eastman.	Bastard, Go and Kill	George Eastman
cast member	Her Awakening is a 1911 American short silent drama film starring Mabel Normand and directed by D. W. Griffith.	Her Awakening	Mabel Normand
cast member	Soraya García García (Miren Ibarguren) - Aída's oldest daughter.	Aída	Miren Ibarguren
cast member	Palooka from Paducah is a 1935 American short comedy film featuring Buster Keaton.	Palooka from Paducah	Buster Keaton
cast member	Alien Thunder (also known as Dan Candy's Law) is a 1974 Canadian western film directed by Claude Fournier and starring Donald Sutherland.	Alien Thunder	Donald Sutherland
cast member	Body of Proof is an American medical drama television series that ran on ABC from March 29, 2011, to May 28, 2013, and starred Dana Delany as medical examiner Dr. Megan Hunt.	Body of Proof	Dana Delany
cast member	How the Garcia Girls Spent Their Summer is a 2005 American comedy film starring America Ferrera.	How the Garcia Girls Spent Their Summer	America Ferrera
cast member	Shaky Ground is a TV sitcom created by Bob Keyes, Chip Keyes & Doug Keyes, which starred Matt Frewer as Bob Moody, a hapless, but supportive and caring father.	Shaky Ground	Matt Frewer
cast member	Bramman is a 2014 Tamil film directed by Socrates, starring M. Sasikumar and Lavanya Tripathi in the lead roles.	Bramman	M. Sasikumar	Lavanya Tripathi
cast member	Alvarez Kelly is a 1966 Pathécolor war film set in the American Civil War starring William Holden and Richard Widmark.	Alvarez Kelly	William Holden	Richard Widmark
cast member	The Darling of Paris is a 1917 American silent romantic drama film directed by J. Gordon Edwards and starring Theda Bara and Glen White.	The Darling of Paris	Theda Bara	Glen White
cast member	Santa Fe Pete is a 1925 silent film starring Pete Morrison.	Santa Fe Pete	Pete Morrison
cast member	Soldaterkammerater på bjørnetjeneste is a 1968 Danish comedy film directed by Carl Ottosen and starring Preben Kaas.	Soldaterkammerater på bjørnetjeneste	Preben Kaas
cast member	Spymate is a 2006 Canadian adventure comedy film starring Chris Potter.	Spymate	Chris Potter
cast member	The Fortune is a 1975 American comedy film starring Jack Nicholson and Warren Beatty, and directed by Mike Nichols.	The Fortune	Jack Nicholson	Warren Beatty
cast member	There is a 5-month gap between Anna Choy being replaced by James Tobin as The Big Arvo was off air during this time, replaced by Girl TV.	The Big Arvo	Anna Choy	James Tobin
cast member	Bhram (English: The illusion) is a 2008 Hindi film starring Dino Morea, Milind Soman and Sheetal Menon.	Bhram	Dino Morea	Milind Soman	Sheetal Menon
cast member	Ed Begley Jr., William Daniels, Stephen Furst and Eric Laneuville reunited to appear in a season-one episode of Scrubs; the episode saw the actors not reprising their St. Elsewhere characters but rather guest as a quartet of doctors that fell sick at a medical convention.	St. Elsewhere	Ed Begley Jr.
cast member	Hits Out of Hell is a 1984 compilation album by Meat Loaf.	Hits Out of Hell	Meat Loaf
cast member	Afra Tafri is an upcoming Bollywood film starring Govinda, Sunil Shetty, Yuvika Chaudhary and Arya Babbar directed by Haadi Abrar.	Afra Tafri	Govinda
cast member	Through the Back Door (1921) is a silent film directed by Alfred E. Green and Jack Pickford, and starring Mary Pickford.	Through the Back Door	Mary Pickford
cast member	Follow That Woman is a 1945 crime film starring William Gargan, Nancy Kelly, and Regis Toomey.	Follow That Woman	William Gargan	Nancy Kelly	Regis Toomey
cast member	Dirty Little Billy is a 1972 American western film the directorial debut of Stan Dragoti, and stars Michael J. Pollard as Billy the Kid.	Dirty Little Billy	Michael J. Pollard
cast member	Double Alibi is a 1937 British crime film directed by David MacDonald and starring Ernest Sefton, John Warwick and Linden Travers.	Double Alibi	Ernest Sefton
cast member	Third Watch's original ensemble cast in the series' first season consisted of Michael Beach, Coby Bell, Bobby Cannavale, Eddie Cibrian, Molly Price, Kim Raver, Anthony Ruivivar, Skipp Sudduth, and Jason Wiles.	Third Watch	Coby Bell
cast member	Marx Reloaded features interviews with several well-known philosophers, among them those often associated with Marxism and Communist ideas, including John Gray, Michael Hardt, Antonio Negri, Nina Power, Jacques Rancière, Peter Sloterdijk, Alberto Toscano and Slavoj Žižek.	Marx Reloaded	Michael Hardt	Antonio Negri	Jacques Rancière	Peter Sloterdijk	Alberto Toscano
cast member	Mysterious Mr. Moto, produced in 1938 by Twentieth Century Fox, is the fifth in a series of eight films starring Peter Lorre as Mr. Moto.	Mysterious Mr. Moto	Peter Lorre
cast member	Dilip Kumar as Anand / Devendra Vyjayanthimala as Madhumati / Madhavi / Radha Johnny Walker as Charandas Pran as Raja Ugra Narayan Jayant as Pawan Raja Ramayan Tiwari as Bir Singh Ranjit Sood Shivji Bhai Tarun Bose as Devendra's colleague	Madhumati	Vyjayanthimala
cast member	Island of Greed is a 1997 Hong Kong action crime thriller film directed by Michael Mak and starring Andy Lau and Tony Leung Ka-fai.	Island of Greed	Andy Lau
cast member	Laadam is a Tamil (Tamil: லாடம்) film starring Charmy Kaur and debutant Aravindhan, directed by Prabu Solomon.	Laadam	Charmy Kaur
cast member	Singakutty (English: Baby Lion) is a drama Tamil film starring Shivaji Dev, Gauri Munjal and Malavika, released in 2008.stunt master Anal arasu was acting as a negative role named as Muthu pandi.The film did average business in box office.	Singakutty	Malavika
cast member	The Strange Affair of Uncle Harry is a 1945 film noir directed by Robert Siodmak, starring George Sanders as an aging bachelor who looks after his two sisters, one of whom tries to sabotage his romance with his co-worker.	The Strange Affair of Uncle Harry	George Sanders
cast member	The Wheeler Dealers (released as Separate Beds in the UK) is a 1963 romantic comedy film starring James Garner and Lee Remick and featuring Chill Wills and Jim Backus.	The Wheeler Dealers	James Garner	Lee Remick	Chill Wills	Jim Backus
cast member	The cast of Incident at Raven's Gate included long-term Australian stage and screen actor Max Cullen, as a policeman, and Terry Camilleri as an astrophysicist attached to Special Branch, investigating unexplained radar signals in a remote South Australian country town.	Incident at Raven's Gate	Max Cullen	Terry Camilleri
cast member	Nottam is a 2006 Malayalam film starring Ajir Shujahi, Arun, Nedumudi Venu, Jagathi Sreekumar and Samvrutha Sunil in the lead roles.	Nottam	Nedumudi Venu
cast member	The Mysterious X (Danish: Det hemmelighedsfulde X) is a 1914 Danish silent drama film directed by Benjamin Christensen.	The Mysterious X	Benjamin Christensen
cast member	Bhau (Gulshan Grover), Ram Jaane's rival and Technicolour (Pankaj Kapur), Ram Jaane's former partner in crime hatch a plot to kill Ram Jaane -- when he hears of their plan, he kills them both and then rushes to Apna Ghar to stop their henchmen from killing anyone.	Ram Jaane	Gulshan Grover	Pankaj Kapur
cast member	Major Saab is a 1998 Hindi film starring Amitabh Bachchan, Ajay Devgan, Sonali Bendre and Ashish Vidhyarthi.	Major Saab	Ajay Devgan	Sonali Bendre
cast member	That Mitchell and Webb Look is a British television sketch show starring David Mitchell and Robert Webb.	That Mitchell and Webb Look	David Mitchell	Robert Webb
cast member	Written by George Layton, Executive Stress stars Penelope Keith as Caroline Fairchild, a middle-aged woman who decides to go back to work.	Executive Stress	Penelope Keith
cast member	The Woman in Room 13 is a lost 1920 silent film mystery drama directed by Frank Lloyd and starring Pauline Frederick.	The Woman in Room 13	Pauline Frederick
cast member	I Learned It from Father (German: Das hab ich von Papa gelernt) is a 1964 German comedy film directed by Axel von Ambesser and starring Willy Fritsch, Thomas Fritsch and Gertraud Jesserer.	I Learned It from Father	Willy Fritsch	Thomas Fritsch	Gertraud Jesserer
cast member	Arizona Manhunt is a 1951 American western film directed by Fred C. Brannon and starring Michael Chapin, Eilene Janssen and James Bell.	Arizona Manhunt	Michael Chapin
cast member	Rough Play (Hangul: 배우는 배우다; RR: Baeuneun Baeuda; lit. ``An Actor Is an Actor'') is a 2013 South Korean film about an actor (played by Lee Joon) who becomes a superstar overnight then hits rock bottom.	Rough Play	Lee Joon
cast member	The Leader, His Driver and the Driver's Wife is a 1991 British feature-length documentary film set during the final days of the apartheid regime in South Africa, particularly centring on Eugène Terre'Blanche, founder and leader of the far-right Afrikaner Weerstandsbeweging.	The Leader, His Driver and the Driver's Wife	Eugène Terre'Blanche
cast member	Overheard 3 (Chinese: 竊聽風雲3) is a 2014 Hong Kong-Chinese crime-thriller film written and directed by Alan Mak and Felix Chong and starring Sean Lau, Louis Koo, Daniel Wu, Zhou Xun and Michelle Ye.	Overheard 3	Sean Lau
child	With the capture of Herat the Kartid kingdom surrendered and became vassals of Timur, but would later be annexed in 1389 by Timur's son Miran Shah.	Timur	Miran Shah
country	Rateče (pronounced (ˈɾaːtɛtʃɛ); Italian: Racchia, German: Ratschach) is a village in the Municipality of Kranjska Gora, in the far northwest corner of Slovenia.	Rateče	Slovenia
country of citizenship	Bernard LeBlanc (born 1949) is a politician in the province of New Brunswick, Canada.	Bernard LeBlanc	Canada
creator	Satire on False Perspective is the title of an engraving produced by William Hogarth in 1754 for his friend Joshua Kirby's pamphlet on linear perspective.	Satire on False Perspective	William Hogarth
date of birth	Jeremiah Markland (October 18 (or 29) 1693 -- July 7, 1776) was an English classical scholar.	Jeremiah Markland	1693
date of birth	Peter Lever (born 17 September 1940, Todmorden, Yorkshire, England) is a former English cricketer, who played in seventeen Tests and ten ODIs for England from 1970 to 1975.	Peter Lever	17 September 1940
date of birth	Rashid Johnson (born 1977) is an African-American socio-political photographer who produces conceptual post-black art. Johnson first received critical attention when examples of his work were included in the exhibition ``Freestyle,'' curated by Thelma Golden at the Studio Museum in Harlem in 2001--when he was 24.	Rashid Johnson	1977
date of birth	Cheryl Murray (born 13 July 1952 in Liverpool, Lancashire) is an English actress, best known for her role as Suzie Birchall on the soap opera Coronation Street, which she played from 1977 to 1979 and again in 1983.	Cheryl Murray	13 July 1952
date of birth	Sir Anthony Cleasby (27 August 1804 -- 6 October 1879) was a British judge.	Anthony Cleasby	27 August 1804
date of birth	Olivia DeJonge (born 30 April 1998) is an Australian actress, known for playing Tara Swift / Shaneen Quigg in the series Hiding and Becca in the film The Visit.	Olivia DeJonge	30 April 1998
date of birth	Pierre Dieudonné (born 24 March 1947 in Brussels) is a Belgian auto racing driver and motoring journalist.	Pierre Dieudonné	24 March 1947
date of birth	Troy Costa (born 1975) is an Indian fashion designer based in Mumbai, who owns the Troy Costa menswear label.	Troy Costa	1975
date of birth	Jozef Hrdlička (born 29 July 1977) is a Slovak politician, leader of the Communist Party of Slovakia (KSS) and former Member of National Council.	Jozef Hrdlička	29 July 1977
date of birth	Hasan Javed Akhtar (born 19 March 1990) is a Pakistani cricketer who played two first-class matches for Lahore Ravi during the 2009--10 season of the Quaid-i-Azam Trophy.	Hasan Javed	19 March 1990
date of birth	Peter Drinkwater (1750 -- 15 November 1801) was an English cotton manufacturer and merchant.	Peter Drinkwater	1750
date of birth	Silvio de Lellis, recorded as Sylvio de Lellis in Canadian sources (born in 1923 in Rome, Italy - died in 1998 in Rome) was an Italian luthier.	Silvio de Lellis	1923
date of birth	Darragh Mortell (born 23 June 1989) is a Welsh actor who is best known for his role as Crash in The Story of Tracy Beaker and his major role as Jack in the second series of BAFTA nominated television sitcom, Dani's House.	Darragh Mortell	23 June 1989
date of birth	Halil Altıntop (Turkish pronunciation: (häˈlil äɫˈtɯnto̞p), born 8 December 1982) is a Turkish footballer who plays for FC Augsburg.	Halil Altıntop	8 December 1982
date of birth	André du Pisani (born 15 January 1949, in Windhoek) is a Namibian political scientist.	André du Pisani	15 January 1949
date of birth	Ivo Šlaus (BSc, PhD, FCA, FWA, MAE, born 26 September 1931 in Split) is a nuclear and particle physicist and Distinguished Fellow of New Westminster College.	Ivo Šlaus	26 September 1931
date of birth	Steve Dick Tennyson Matenje (born 17 February 1956 in Zomba) is a Malawian civil servant and permanent representative.	Steve Dick Tennyson Matenje	17 February 1956
date of birth	George Raper (19 September 1769 -- 29 September 1796 or 1797) was a naval officer and illustrator.	George Raper	19 September 1769
date of birth	Klaus Meine (born 25 May 1948) is a German vocalist, best known as the lead singer of the hard rock band Scorpions.	Klaus Meine	25 May 1948
date of birth	Jonathan Bowers Winn (24 August 1811 -- 12 December 1873) was a school teacher, currier, business owner, banker, and benefactor.	Jonathan Bowers Winn	24 August 1811
date of birth	Paul Meldrum (born 13 September 1960) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1980s.	Paul Meldrum	13 September 1960
date of birth	Michael Trulsen (born 28 December 1989) is a Norwegian footballer who is playing as a forward for Lisleby.	Michael Trulsen	28 December 1989
date of birth	Jonathan Pugh (born 1962) is an English cartoonist who has contributed to many United Kingdom national newspapers and magazines.	Jonathan Pugh	1962
date of birth	Daniella Wang (Chinese: 王李丹妮; pinyin: Wánglǐ Dānní; born 6 August 1989), born Wang Lidan (Chinese: 王李丹; pinyin: Wáng Lǐdān), is a Chinese actress and fashion model of Mongolian ethnicity.	Daniella Wang	6 August 1989
date of birth	Mária Wittner (Gazdagh-Wittner; born 9 June 1937) is a Hungarian revolutionist and politician, who participated in the Hungarian Revolution of 1956.	Mária Wittner	9 June 1937
date of birth	Laurence Shorter (born 1970) is an author and comedian who lives in London.	Laurence Shorter	1970
date of birth	Gavro Vuković (Montenegrin and Serbian Cyrillic: Гавро Вуковић), also known as Vojvoda Gavro (Војвода Гавро; 1852--1928), was a senator of the Principality of Montenegro, a military commander, Yugoslav politician and writer.	Gavro Vuković	1852
date of birth	Besim Dina (born 6 July 1971) is an Albanian comedian, actor, writer, producer and television host.	Besim Dina	6 July 1971
date of birth	Veronica Dillon, born in 1949, is an American attorney and lawyer.	Veronica Dillon	1949
date of birth	Diadumenian was born on 14 September 208 or, according to Historia Augusta, on September 19 because he shared the same birthday with the Emperor Antoninus Pius.	Diadumenian	14 September 208
date of birth	Anderson Correia de Barros (born 6 May 1991) is a Brazilian professional football player who currently plays for Boavista in Portugal.	Anderson Correia	6 May 1991
date of birth	Tappan Wright King (born 1950) is an American editor and author in the field of fantasy fiction, best known for editing The Twilight Zone Magazine and its companion publication Night Cry in the late 1980s.	Tappan Wright King	1950
date of birth	Roberto Mangabeira Unger (born 24 March 1947) is a philosopher and politician.	Roberto Mangabeira Unger	24 March 1947
date of birth	Fred von Bernewitz (born 1938, Washington, D.C.) is a film editor, currently with HBO.	Fred von Bernewitz	1938
date of birth	Adriano Louzada e Silva, simply known as Adriano (born 16 February 1994), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a winger.	Adriano Louzada	16 February 1994
date of birth	Davy Knowles (born 1987) is a Manx blues guitarist and singer.	Davy Knowles	1987
date of birth	Diana Bang (Hangul: 다이야나방; hanja: 方戴安娜; born 1981) is a Canadian actress, writer, and producer.	Diana Bang	1981
date of birth	Patsy Rodenburg, OBE (born 1953) is a British voice coach, author, and theatre director.	Patsy Rodenburg	1953
date of birth	Peter Eugene Ball (19 March 1943) is an English sculptor.	Peter Eugene Ball	19 March 1943
date of birth	Mike Church (born 1962) is a radio talk show host, and singer/songwriter.	Mike Church	1962
date of birth	Hamuchtar (Hebrew: המוכתר), Gilad Philip Ben-David, b. 1971, is a singer and cabaret artist who began his career in Tel Aviv in the late 1980s.	Hamuchtar	1971
date of birth	Sarah Koenig (/ˈkeɪnɪɡ/; born July 1969) is an American journalist, public radio personality, staff producer of the television and radio program This American Life, and the host and executive producer of the acclaimed podcast Serial.	Sarah Koenig	1969
date of birth	Selina Trieff (born in Brooklyn, 1934-January 14, 2015) was an American artist who painted and exhibited for over fifty years.	Selina Trieff	1934
date of birth	Johann Helton (born 1953) is a guitarist, bassist, teacher and sound engineer currently residing in Boise, Idaho.	Johann Helton	1953
date of birth	Dyab Abou Jahjah (Arabic: دياب أبو جهجه‎, born 24 June 1971 in Hanin, Lebanon) is an Arab political activist and writer who was active in Europe between 2001 and 2007.	Dyab Abou Jahjah	24 June 1971
date of birth	Lun Gywe (Burmese: လွန်းကြွယ်, pronounced: (lʊ́ɴ dʑwɛ̀); born 24 October 1930) is a Burmese painter who works in oil and watercolor.	Lun Gywe	24 October 1930
date of birth	Jean-Bryan Boukaka (born 13 March 1992) is a French professional footballer who currently plays as a striker for Romanian club Rapid București.	Jean-Bryan Boukaka	13 March 1992
date of birth	Hajnalka Futaki (born 9 June 1990 in Gyula) is a Hungarian handball goalkeeper who plays for Békéscsabai Előre NKSE and the Hungarian junior national team.	Hajnalka Futaki	9 June 1990
date of birth	Josias Shute (also Josiah) (1588--1643) was an English churchman, for many years rector of St Mary Woolnoth in London, archdeacon of Colchester, and elected a member of the Westminster Assembly.	Josias Shute	1588
date of birth	Oluremi Tinubu (born 21 September 1960) is the former first Lady and currently a Senator of Lagos State.	Oluremi Tinubu	21 September 1960
date of birth	Divara van Haarlem also spelled Dieuwertje Brouwersdr., (1511 in Haarlem -- July 7, 1535 in Münster) was a Dutch Anabaptist, married to Jan van Leiden and by him proclaimed Queen of the Anabaptist regime in Münster.	Divara van Haarlem	1511
date of birth	Nouha Dicko (born 14 May 1992) is a professional footballer who plays for Wolverhampton Wanderers, as a winger and striker.	Nouha Dicko	14 May 1992
date of birth	Lisa S. Neubauer (born July 21, 1957) is an American jurist and the chief judge of the Wisconsin Court of Appeals.	Lisa S. Neubauer	1957
date of birth	Jörg Friess (born 27 October 1968) is a retired East German triple jumper, who finished fourth at the 1990 European Championships with a career best jump of 17.01 metres.	Jörg Friess	27 October 1968
date of birth	Lodario Ramón Ramón (born 1954) is a weightlifter and powerlifting coach from Spain.	Lodario Ramón Ramón	1954
date of birth	Sally Johnston Reid (born 1948) is an American music educator and composer.	Sally Johnston Reid	1948
date of birth	Elizabeth Price Foley (born 1965 in Atlanta, Georgia) is an American legal theorist who writes and comments in the fields of constitutional law, bioethics, and health care law.	Elizabeth Price Foley	1965
date of birth	Ruth Metzler-Arnold (born 23 May 1964) is a Swiss politician and former member of the Swiss Federal Council (1999--2003).	Ruth Metzler	23 May 1964
date of birth	Ya'acov Yakir Lusky (Hebrew: יעקוב יקיר לוסקי‎; born 18 March 1986), commonly referred to as Yakir Lusky, is an Israeli footballer.	Yakir Lusky	18 March 1986
date of birth	Djavan da Silva Ferreira (born 31 December 1987), known simply as Djavan, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as full back for Portuguese club Braga.	Djavan da Silva Ferreira	31 December 1987
date of birth	Oets Kolk Bouwsma (1898--1978) was an American philosopher born of Dutch-American parents in Muskegon, Michigan.	Oets Kolk Bouwsma	1898
date of birth	Carmen Gloria Quintana Arancibia (born c. 1968) is a Chilean woman who suffered severe burns in an incident where she and other young people were detained by an army patrol during a street demonstration against the dictatorship of Augusto Pinochet.	Carmen Gloria Quintana	1968
date of birth	Liliana Herrero is an Argentine musician born in 1948 in Villaguay, Entre Ríos.	Liliana Herrero	1948
date of birth	Ante Mrmić (born 6 August 1992) is a Croatian football Goalkeeper who plays for Inter Zaprešić in the Prva HNL.	Ante Mrmić	6 August 1992
date of birth	Al Minns (1 January 1920 -- 24 April 1985), was a prominent American Lindy Hop and jazz dancer.	Al Minns	1 January 1920
date of birth	Nicholas Monro (born London, 1936) is an English pop art sculptor, print-maker and art teacher.	Nicholas Monro	1936
date of birth	Niklas Stråhlén (born 4 September 1987) was born and raised in Gothenburg, Sweden, and has competed in windsurfing on a professional level since 2006.	Niklas Stråhlén	4 September 1987
date of birth	Birgitte Reimer (8 February 1926) is a Danish film actress.	Birgitte Reimer	8 February 1926
date of birth	Jeremy Purvis, Baron Purvis of Tweed (born 15 January 1974) is a Scottish Liberal Democrat politician, and was MSP for Tweeddale, Ettrick and Lauderdale from 2003 to 2011.	Jeremy Purvis	15 January 1974
date of birth	Robert Fudali (born 13 December 1969) better known as Rob Darken, is a Polish musician and singer, best known for being the frontman for black metal band Graveland.	Rob Darken	1969
date of birth	Rob Voerman (born 6 May 1966, Deventer) is a Dutch graphic artist, sculptor and installation artist.	Rob Voerman	6 May 1966
date of birth	Ayumi Hagiwara (born 1 June 1992) is a Japanese athlete specialising in the long-distance events.	Ayumi Hagiwara	1 June 1992
date of birth	Tatyana Jakovlevna Zakharenkova (Russian: Татьяна Яковлевна Захаренкова, born 14. May 1958 in Bograd, former Soviet Republic of Khakassia) is a Russian politician and Member of the Legislative Assembly of Saint Petersburg (parliamentary group ``United Russia'').	Tatyana Jakovlevna Zakharenkova	14. May 1958
date of birth	Sir Ronald Mourad Cohen (born 1 August 1945) is an Egyptian-born British businessman and political figure.	Ronald Mourad Cohen	1945
date of birth	Admitted to the Conseil d'État in 1929, Pierre Laroque (1907--1997), in 1931, he entered the Cabinet of Adolphe Landry, Minister of Work and Social Care, to become a specialist in social insurance.	Pierre Laroque	1907
date of birth	Paul E. Ceruzzi (born 1949) is curator of Aerospace Electronics and Computing at the Smithsonian's National Air and Space Museum in Washington, D.C.	Paul E. Ceruzzi	1949
date of birth	Farid-ud-Din Qadri (1918, in Jhang -- November 2, 1974 in Jhang) was the father of Islamic Scholar Muhammad Tahir-ul-Qadri.	Farid-ud-Din Qadri	1918
date of birth	Iryna Butar (Belarusian: Ірына Бутар; born 26 February 1980) is a Belarusian heptathlete.	Iryna Butar	26 February 1980
date of birth	Julia Butschkow (born 21 December 1978) Danish writer, playwright and poet, educated at Forfatterskolen 2001.	Julia Butschkow	1978
date of birth	Soufian El Hassnaoui (born 28 October 1989) is a Dutch-Moroccan professional footballer who plays for Scottish Premiership side Heart of Midlothian, as a striker.	Soufian El Hassnaoui	28 October 1989
date of birth	Paresh Mokashi (born 6 February 1969) is an Indian filmmaker, producer, actor and Theatre director-producer; working predominantly in Marathi cinema and Marathi theatre.	Paresh Mokashi	6 February 1969
date of birth	Lim Giong (Chinese: 林強; pinyin: Lín Qiáng; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Lîm Kiông; also known as Lin Chiang, born 7 June 1964 in Changhua, Taiwan) is a musician, artist, DJ, composer, songwriter, music producer, music director and also an actor.	Lim Giong	7 June 1964
date of birth	Michael Stensgaard (born 1 September 1974) is a Danish former footballer and business conflict mediator.	Michael Stensgaard	1 September 1974
date of birth	Sara Jovanović (Serbian: Сара Јовановић; born 29 October 1993), also known as Sara Jo, is an Italian-born Serbian singer.	Sara Jovanović	29 October 1993
date of birth	The Bramantino of Vasari, if he existed at all, worked for Pope Nicholas V between 1450 and 1455.	Bramantino	1455
date of birth	Paul Doornbusch (born 1959, Melbourne) is an Australian composer and musician.	Paul Doornbusch	1959
date of birth	Michael Wainwright, born 4 November 1980 in England, is a rugby league player for the Dewsbury Rams.	Michael Wainwright	4 November 1980
date of birth	Ali İhsan Varol (born 28 June 1976, Istanbul) is a Turkish TV show presenter and producer.	Ali İhsan Varol	28 June 1976
date of birth	Geir Skirbekk (born 13 June 1962) is a Norwegian sport shooter, World Champion (team) and Olympic competitor.	Geir Skirbekk	13 June 1962
date of birth	Luigi Stoisa, (Selvaggio di Giaveno, Turin, 1958) is an Italian painter and sculptor.	Luigi Stoisa	1958
date of birth	Gu Wengen (Chinese: 顾文根; born November 1946) is a retired vice-admiral (zhong jiang) of the People's Liberation Army Navy (PLAN) of China.	Gu Wengen	1946
date of birth	André Müller (born 15 November 1970 in Bergen auf Rügen) is a retired East German long jumper.	André Müller	15 November 1970
date of birth	Grand Ayatollah Javad Gharavi Aliari(born in 1935) is an Iranian Twelver Shi'a Marja.	Javad Gharavi Aliari	1935
date of birth	David Whitton (born 22 April 1952) is a Scottish journalist, Labour party politician and former MSP.	David Whitton	22 April 1952
date of birth	Elmurat Tasmuradov (born 12 December 1991, in Tashkent Province) is an Uzbekistani Greco-Roman wrestler.	Elmurat Tasmuradov	12 December 1991
date of birth	Kristi Funk (born September 22, 1969) is an American breast cancer surgeon notable for her surgical treatment of celebrities Angelina Jolie and Sheryl Crow.	Kristi Funk	1969
date of birth	Per Svedberg (born 1965) is a Swedish social democratic politician, member of the Riksdag since the Swedish general election, 2006.	Per Svedberg	1965
date of birth	Charles Sheehan-Miles (b. Atlanta, Georgia, United States, 1971) is an American writer and veterans' advocate.	Charles Sheehan-Miles	1971
date of birth	Nuño Alfonso (1112--1136) was a medieval Galician bishop.	Nuño Alfonso	1112
date of birth	William Hogsflesh (1744--1818) was an English cricketer who played for the Hambledon Club in its great days during the 1760s and 1770s.	William Hogsflesh	1744
date of birth	Teddy Sagi (born 1972) is a London-based Israeli billionaire businessman.	Teddy Sagi	1972
date of birth	John Harvey Butchart (1907 -- May 29, 2002) was a mathematics professor who was well known for his hiking exploits in and around the Grand Canyon.	Harvey Butchart	1907
date of birth	Elton da Costa Jr. (born 15 February 1979) is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for German amateur club 1.	Elton da Costa	15 February 1979
date of birth	Barbara Stauffacher Solomon (born 1928) is a landscape architect and graphic designer well known for the large scale interior Supergraphics and exterior signage at Sea Ranch in Sonoma County, California.	Barbara Stauffacher Solomon	1928
date of birth	Admiral Henry Wolsey Bayfield (21 January 1795 -- 10 February 1885) was a British naval officer and surveyor.	Henry Wolsey Bayfield	21 January 1795
date of birth	Chitrapu Narayana Rao (born Chithrapu Narayana Murthy 1913) was an Indian film director and producer known for his works in Telugu and Tamil cinema.	Chitrapu Narayana Rao	1913
date of birth	Robert J. Hirsch (born 1949) is an American artist, curator, educator, historian, and author.	Robert J. Hirsch	1949
date of birth	Stephanie Murray Smith Waltrip (born August 1987) is a beauty pageant titleholder from the United States who was crowned Miss South Carolina USA and placed in the Top 10 at Miss USA.	Stephanie Murray Smith	August 1987
date of birth	Carlos de Campos (ˈkaɾlus dʒi ˈkɐ̃pus) (6 August 1866 -- 27 April 1927) was a Brazilian politician, and president of the state of São Paulo for several months in 1924.	Carlos de Campos	1866
date of birth	Dmytro Yarosh (Ukrainian: Дмитро Ярош; born 30 September 1971) is a Ukrainian activist and politician.	Dmytro Yarosh	30 September 1971
date of birth	Margot Wells (born 10 October 1952) was a successful sprinter and Scottish 100/100 hurdles champion.	Margot Wells	10 October 1952
date of birth	Gary Rosenberg (born New Rochelle, New York, 16 October 1959) is an American malacologist.	Gary Rosenberg	16 October 1959
date of birth	Dr. Mahmoud El Manhaly (born 1 January 1942) is an Egyptian Sugaring plants scientist.	Mahmoud El Manhaly	1 January 1942
date of birth	Aparna Dixit (born 20 November 1991) is an Indian television actress, best known for her roles of Devika Deol in Kalash - Ek Vishwaas and Mansi Shashkant Kamble in Pavitra Rishta She made her debut in 2013 with Star Plus's mythological soap opera Mahabharat as Ambika.She pursued her B.A. Physics(Hons.)	Aparna Dixit	20 November 1991
date of birth	Miško Mirković (Serbian Cyrillic: Мишко Мирковић ; Turkish: Mert Meriç) (born 7 July 1966) is a former Serbian international footballer.	Miško Mirković	7 July 1966
date of birth	K. A. P. Viswanatham Pillai (10 November 1899 -- 19 December 1994) was a Tamil scholar, orator and social activist.	K. A. P. Viswanatham	10 November 1899
date of birth	Ron Mathewson (born 19 February 1944) is a Scottish jazz double bassist and bass guitarist born in Lerwick, Shetland Isles, Scotland.	Ron Mathewson	19 February 1944
date of birth	Shehzad Ahmed (born 5 July 1991) is a Danish cricketer playing for the Danish national team and the 2008 and 2011 Danish champions Glostrup CC.	Shehzad Ahmed	5 July 1991
date of birth	Sir David Robert Ford KBE, LVO (Chinese: 霍德爵士) (born 22 February 1935), was the fifth and the last non-Chinese Chief Secretary of Hong Kong.	David Robert Ford	22 February 1935
date of birth	Edward Lee Glover (born 24 April 1970) is an English-born Scottish former footballer and football manager.	Lee Glover	24 April 1970
date of birth	Hal Geer (born September 13, 1916) is an American producer and filmmaker, noteworthy for his association with the Looney Tunes franchise.	Hal Geer	1916
date of birth	Bradley Gray (born 5 July 1990) is an English semi-professional footballer who plays for Hungerford Town.	Bradley Gray	5 July 1990
date of birth	Kevin Nowlan (born 1958) is an American comic-book artist who works as penciler, inker, colorist and letterer.	Kevin Nowlan	1958
date of birth	Donald Cowart (born 24 October 1985) is an American steeplechase runner.	Donald Cowart	24 October 1985
date of birth	Moshe Karadi (Hebrew: משה קראדי‎; born 1960) is a former Israeli police officer and general commissioner of the Israel Police between 2004 and May 1, 2007.	Moshe Karadi	1960
date of birth	Casey-Lee Jolleys (born 1974) is a British actress, dancer and performer.	Casey-Lee Jolleys	1974
date of birth	Jiang Jiemin (Chinese: 蒋洁敏; pinyin: Jiǎng Jiémǐn; born October 1954) is a former Chinese oil executive and senior Communist Party and economic official.	Jiang Jiemin	October 1954
date of birth	Siegfried Wiessner (born 26 February 1953 in Germany) is a Professor of Law and the Founder and Director of St. Thomas University's Graduate Program in Intercultural Human Rights in Miami, Florida.	Siegfried Wiessner	26 February 1953
date of birth	Saskia Melchers (born 11 October 1962) is a former Dutch international cricketer who played five One Day International (ODI) matches for the Dutch national side, all of which came at the 1993 World Cup.	Saskia Melchers	11 October 1962
date of birth	David Dei (born 20 January 1974) is an Italian association footballer.	David Dei	20 January 1974
date of birth	John Harry Grainger (30 November 1854 - 15 April 1917) was an English-born architect and civil engineer who emigrated to Australia in 1877, and the father of musician Percy Grainger.	John Harry Grainger	30 November 1854
date of birth	Benoît-Louis Prévost (Paris, 1735 or 1747 -- 1804) was a French engraver.	Benoît-Louis Prévost	1735
date of birth	Emmanuel Schelstrate (1649 -- 6 April 1692) was a Catholic theologian born at Antwerp in 1649.	Emmanuel Schelstrate	1649
date of birth	Jean-Baptiste Forqueray (3 April 1699 -- August 1782), the son of Antoine Forqueray, was a player of the viol and a composer.	Jean-Baptiste Forqueray	3 April 1699
date of birth	Heinz-Otto Peitgen (born April 30, 1945 in Bruch, Nümbrecht near Cologne) is a German mathematician and was President of Jacobs University from January 1, 2013 to December 31, 2013.	Heinz-Otto Peitgen	1945
date of birth	Alexander Hugh Macmillan (June 2, 1877--August 26, 1966), also referred to as A. H. Macmillan, was an important member of the Bible Students, and later, of Jehovah's Witnesses.	Alexander Hugh Macmillan	1877
date of birth	Henry Sears (1913--1982) was an American commander and a commodore of the New York Yacht Club who competed in the America's Cup and discovered multiple species of marine fish.	Henry Sears	1913
date of birth	Samir Sahiti(born 15 August 1988 in Gushac, Mitrovicë) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays for KF Bylis Ballsh in the Albanian Superliga.	Samir Sahiti	15 August 1988
date of birth	Carl Hart (born 1966) is a professor of psychology and psychiatry at Columbia University.	Carl Hart	1966
date of birth	Allister Gall (born 3 April 1980 in Plymouth, England) is a filmmaker-artist, musician and educator in Plymouth, UK.	Allister Gall	3 April 1980
date of birth	Robert Longhurst is an American sculptor who was born in Schenectady, New York in 1949.	Robert Longhurst	1949
date of birth	Leo Turley (born 7 December 1966) is a former Gaelic footballer from County Laois.	Leo Turley	7 December 1966
date of birth	Matthew McCaslin (born 1957 in Bay Shore, New York) is an American artist living and working in Brooklyn, New York.	Matthew McCaslin	1957
date of birth	Ruggero Marino (born 4 March 1940 in Verbania Intra) is a retired journalist, writer and poet who was special envoy and chief editor of Il Tempo (a major newspaper in Rome), and worked under the direction of Gianni Letta.	Ruggero Marino	4 March 1940
date of birth	Engin Oeztuerk also known as Engin Seyrl (born 1973 in Bremerhaven) is a Berlin based German--	Engin Oeztuerk	1973
date of birth	Raffi Ahmad (born 17 February 1987) is an Indonesian presenter, actor, and singer.	Raffi Ahmad	17 February 1987
date of birth	Ji Xiao'an (Chinese: 吉小安; born August 1957) is the chairman of the board of the Beijing Hualian Group.	Ji Xiao'an	1957
date of birth	Sunzamul Islam (born 17 January 1990) is a Bangladeshi First class and List A cricketer.He was born Rajshahi.	Sunzamul Islam	17 January 1990
date of birth	Jeffrey Wernick (1953 -- September 2, 2009) was an American animation executive and sports agent.	Jeffrey Wernick	1953
date of birth	Walter Oswald (born 8 October 1955) is a retired Austrian-born German footballer.	Walter Oswald	8 October 1955
date of birth	Lara Hedberg Deam (born 1967) is the founder of architecture and design magazine Dwell and chair of the Dwell, LLC board.	Lara Hedberg Deam	1967
date of birth	Alfie Deyes (born 17 September 1993) is an English YouTuber and author who runs the YouTube channels PointlessBlog, PointlessBlogVlogs (previously PointlessBlogTv) and PointlessBlogGames (previously AlfieGames).	Alfie Deyes	17 September 1993
date of birth	Eszter Tóth (born 27 October 1992 in Győr) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Veszprém Barabás KC on loan from Győri Audi ETO KC.	Eszter Tóth	27 October 1992
date of birth	Kazimieras Steponas Šaulys (Lithuanian pronunciation: (kɐzʲɪˈmʲierɐs ˈstʲæːpɒnɐs ʂauˈlʲîːs) ( ); 1872 -- May 9, 1964) was a Lithuanian Roman Catholic priest, theologian, and one of the twenty signatories to the Act of Independence of Lithuania.	Kazimieras Steponas Šaulys	1872
date of birth	Henri Françillon (born 26 May 1946) was a Haitian international footballer who was part of the Haitian squad at the World Cup in Germany in 1974 where he played in all three group matches.	Henri Françillon	26 May 1946
date of birth	Rafael Corrales Valverde (born 1957) is a Spanish anarcho-syndicalist.	Rafael Corrales	1957
date of birth	Juliet E. McKenna (born 1965) is a British fantasy author.	Juliet E. McKenna	1965
date of birth	Franco Fabbri (born 1949) is a Brazilian-born Italian musician, musicologist and broadcaster.	Franco Fabbri	1949
date of birth	Konstantine Darsania (Georgian: მიხეილ აშვეთია; born 29 May 1984) is a Georgian footballer who currently is a free agent.	Konstantine Darsania	29 May 1984
date of birth	Janice Riggle Huie (born 15 December 1946) is a bishop of the United Methodist Church, elected in 1996 by the South Central Jurisdictional Conference.	Janice Riggle Huie	15 December 1946
date of birth	Józef Adam Lasocki (1861-1931) was an officer in Austro-Hungarian Army and from December 1918 a general in Polish Army.	Józef Adam Lasocki	1861
date of birth	Richard Vyškovský (born 13 July 1929) is a Czech architect and author of paper models.	Richard Vyškovský	13 July 1929
date of birth	Teige-an-Duna MacCarthy (Irish: Tadhg an Duna Mac Carthaigh) (1584 -- 24 May 1649), Lord of Glean-na-Chroim, was the last hereditary Prince of the Dunmanway branch of the MacCarthy Reagh dynasty of Carbery ``who exercised the rights of his position.''	Teige-an-Duna MacCarthy	1584
date of birth	Yu Pun Hoi (Chinese: 于品海, born 1958 in Hong Kong) and commonly known as P. H. Yu, is an entrepreneur in the information technology, cinema, culture and media industries in China.	Yu Pun Hoi	1958
date of birth	Giacinto Marras (1810 at Naples -- 1883) was a singer and musical composer.	Giacinto Marras	1810
date of birth	Willie Lyon (7 March 1912 -- 5 December 1962) was a professional footballer, who played for Celtic and Queens Park.	Willie Lyon	7 March 1912
date of birth	Karol Pavelka (born 31 July 1983) is a Slovak football striker who currently plays for Zlaté Moravce.	Karol Pavelka	31 July 1983
date of birth	Donald Ramsamooj (born 5 July 1932, San Fernando, Trinidad, died 23 May 1993, Toronto, Canada) was a professional cricketer who spent his career between Trinidad and Northamptonshire.	Donald Ramsamooj	5 July 1932
date of birth	Mike Starrs (born 10 November 1947, Edinburgh) is a vocalist of Scottish origin.	Mike Starrs	10 November 1947
date of birth	Ofelia Cano (born 1959 as Ofelia Gamboa Noriega in San Ignacio, Sinaloa) is a Mexican actress.	Ofelia Cano	1959
date of birth	Vernon Richards (19 July 1915 -- 10 December 2001) was an Anglo-Italian anarchist, editor, author and companion of Marie-Louise Berneri.	Vernon Richards	19 July 1915
date of birth	Byron Schammer (born 21 June 1985) is an Australian rules footballer currently playing with the Claremont Football Club in the West Australian Football League (WAFL).	Byron Schammer	21 June 1985
date of birth	Tahir Rashid (December 1985) British born poet, manager and entrepreneur in the Islamic media and Nasheed industry.	Tahir Rashid	1985
date of birth	Veronika Makai (born 10 September 1994 in Orosháza) is a Hungarian handball goalkeeper who plays for Debreceni VSC in the Hungarian championship.	Veronika Makai	10 September 1994
date of birth	Robert Brian Havelock (born 9 May 1942 in Yarm, Yorkshire) is a former motorcycle speedway rider is the currently the promoter of the Redcar Bears who compete in the Premier League.	Brian Havelock	9 May 1942
date of birth	Jefferson Madeira da Silva, or simply Jefferson Madeira (born 15 February 1988) is a Brazilian football forward playing with Sport Recife.	Jefferson Madeira	15 February 1988
date of birth	Nuno Miguel Soares Pereira Ribeiro, OIH (born 5 July 1976), known as Nuno Gomes, is a former Portuguese professional footballer who played as a striker.	Nuno Gomes	5 July 1976
date of birth	Len Wincott (1907--1983) was an English sailor, mutineer and communist activist who later defected to the Soviet Union.	Len Wincott	1907
date of birth	Theodor Albrecht Edwin Klebs (6 February 1834 -- 23 October 1913) was a German-Swiss pathologist.	Edwin Klebs	6 February 1834
date of birth	Warren W. Tichenor (born in Harlingen, Texas in 1960) served as the 17th United States Ambassador to the United Nations and other international organizations in Geneva.	Warren W. Tichenor	1960
date of birth	Luke Zimmerman ( 35 born c. 1980) is an American actor who is best known for his role as Tom Bowman on ABC Family's The Secret Life of the American Teenager.	Luke Zimmerman	1980
date of birth	Adelaide Pereira da Silva (born 1928) is a Brazilian painter and composer.	Adelaide Pereira da Silva	1928
date of birth	Santa Montefiore, born Santa Palmer-Tomkinson (born 2 February 1970), is a British author.	Santa Montefiore	2 February 1970
date of birth	Matthew Wyldbore was born circa 1716, the son of John Wyldbore of Peterborough and Elizabeth Neale, daughter of Noah Neale of Stamford Baron.	Matthew Wyldbore	1716
date of birth	Ylli Asllani (born 24 March 1959 in Gjirokastra) is adviser to President Nishani, for Local Government issues, from September 2013 and provides expertise in the field of local government, decentralization and regional development.	Ylli Asllani	24 March 1959
date of birth	David L. Hoof (born 2 December 1945 in Washington, DC) is an American fiction novelist.	David L. Hoof	2 December 1945
date of birth	Jonathan LeVine (born 1968) is a New York City art dealer.	Jonathan LeVine	1968
date of birth	Tom Harrington (13 September 1908 -- 29 November 1988) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Tom Harrington	13 September 1908
date of birth	Araceli Torres Flores (b. 17 October 1960) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the Labor Party.	Araceli Torres Flores	17 October 1960
date of birth	Fahri Beqiri (Serbian: Фахри Бећири, Fahri Bećiri) (born 1936) is Albanian composer and former professor at the University of Prishtina Department of Music.	Fahri Beqiri	1936
date of birth	Count Fabio Asquini (1726--1818) was an Italian rural economist and agronomist who did much to promote silk culture in Italy.	Fabio Asquini	1726
date of birth	Manasi Moghe (born 29 August 1991) is an Indian actress, engineer, model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Diva 2013 and represented India at Miss Universe 2013 in Moscow, Russia on 9 November 2013.	Manasi Moghe	29 August 1991
date of birth	Jorge Ortiz de Pinedo Pallás (born 26 March 1948) is a Mexican comedian, actor, film director, screenwriter, television producer and host.	Jorge Ortiz de Pinedo	26 March 1948
date of birth	Aspasia Annia Regilla, full name Appia Annia Regilla Atilia Caucidia Tertulla (Greek:Ἀσπασία Ἄννια Ῥήγιλλα, 125-160), was a wealthy, aristocratic and influential Roman woman, who was a distant relative of several Roman emperors and empresses.	Aspasia Annia Regilla	125
date of birth	Isaäc J. H. Isbrücker (born 1944) is a retired Dutch ichthyologist who specialised in the scientific classification of South American catfish (Loricarioidea).	Isaäc J. H. Isbrücker	1944
date of birth	Khan Mohammed Mustapha Khalid Palash (Bengali: মুস্তাফা খালীদ পলাশ) (born 1963) popularly known as Palash, is a Bangladeshi architect.	Mustapha Khalid Palash	1963
date of birth	Charlotte Metcalf (born 1958) is a British documentary film director and producer.	Charlotte Metcalf	1958
date of birth	Thornhagh Gurdon, F.S.A. (1663 -- November 1733) was an English antiquarian.	Thornhagh Gurdon	1663
date of birth	Beate Zschäpe (2 January 1975) is a German right-wing extremist and an alleged member of the Neo-Nazi terror group National Socialist Underground (NSU).	Beate Zschäpe	2 January 1975
date of birth	John Andrew Morrow (born 1971) is a Métis Canadian professor, author, and research scholar from Québec who specializes in Hispanic, Native, and Islamic Studies.	John Andrew Morrow	1971
date of birth	Dr. Agnes Murgoci (1875-1929), née Kelly, was an English zoologist and folklorist.	Agnes Murgoci	1875
date of birth	Jeet Thayil (born 13 October 1959) is an Indian poet, novelist, librettist and musician.	Jeet Thayil	13 October 1959
date of birth	José Borges (1882 -- after 1909) was a Cuban baseball pitcher and second baseman in the Cuban League and Negro League.	José Borges	1882
date of birth	Jacques Drouin (born 1943) is a Canadian animator and director most known for his pinscreen animation.	Jacques Drouin	1943
date of birth	Anselm Adornes (Bruges, 8 December 1424 - Scotland, 1483) was a merchant, patron, politician and diplomat, who belonged to the fifth generation of the Adornes family to live in Bruges.	Anselm Adornes	8 December 1424
date of birth	Sir Paul Pechell, 1st Baronet (12 November 1724 -- 13 January 1800), army officer, was a descendant of minor Huguenot nobility of Languedoc (originally de Péchels).	Paul Pechell	12 November 1724
date of birth	Monsignor Matthew O'Donnell MA, BD, DPh was an Irish priest and educator who served as the 26th president of St. Patrick's College, Maynooth Matt was born in Mungret, Co Limerick, in 1932.	Matthew O'Donnell	1932
date of birth	Nicole Shortland (born 5 March 1996), better known by her stage name Little Nikki, is a singer-songwriter from London.	Little Nikki	5 March 1996
date of birth	Abraham Lempel (Hebrew: אברהם למפל‎, born 10 February 1936) is an Israeli computer scientist and one of the fathers of the LZ family of lossless data compression algorithms.	Abraham Lempel	10 February 1936
date of birth	Marc Martí Moreno (born 1 March 1966) is a Spanish rally co-driver.	Marc Martí	1 March 1966
date of birth	Harold Dorschug (1913 -- September 13, 1999) was one of the master control engineers during The Mercury Theatre on the Air broadcast of H. G. Wells' The War of the Worlds on CBS radio in October 1938.	Harold Dorschug	1913
date of birth	Pádraic Mannion (born 6 March 1993) is an Irish hurler who plays as a left corner back for the Galway senior team.	Pádraic Mannion	6 March 1993
date of birth	Meliton Ademar Benítez Barbosa, known as Ademar Benítez, (born 21 May 1956) is a Uruguayan former football striker.	Ademar Benítez	21 May 1956
date of birth	Enrico Clerici (15 October 1862 -- 26 August 1938) was an Italian mineralogist and geologist.	Enrico Clerici	15 October 1862
date of birth	Edmée Pardo Murray (born 5 July 1965) is a Mexican writer and narrator.	Edmée Pardo Murray	5 July 1965
date of birth	Pini Shomer (Hebrew: פיני שומר‎, born 19 October 1951) is an Israeli former politician, who briefly served as a member of the Knesset in 1996.	Pini Shomer	19 October 1951
date of birth	Tetuzi Akiyama (Akiyama Tetsuji) (born 13 April 1964) is a Japanese guitarist, violinist, and instrument-maker.	Tetuzi Akiyama	13 April 1964
date of birth	Andy Smallman (Andrew William Smallman; born 24 May 1963) is the founder and director of Puget Sound Community School in Seattle, Wash.	Andy Smallman	24 May 1963
date of birth	Robert E. Wade (born c. 1933) served as mayor of Hamilton, Ontario from 2000 to 2003.	Robert E. Wade	1933
date of birth	Michael Eaton (born 1954) is an English playwright and scriptwriter.	Michael Eaton	1954
date of birth	Alexandre-Jean Dubois-Drahonet, a French portrait painter, was born in Paris in 1791.	Alexandre-Jean Dubois-Drahonet	1791
date of birth	Dean Francis Alfar (born 1969), is a Filipino playwright, novelist and writer of speculative fiction.	Dean Francis Alfar	1969
date of birth	Irma Capece Minutolo (born 6 August 1935) is an Italian former opera singer who was one of the last companions of King Farouk I of Egypt.	Irma Capece Minutolo	6 August 1935
date of birth	Adrian Kunz (born 7 July 1967) is a former Swiss association footballer and an ex-manager of several Swiss clubs, most recently Swiss Challenge League side FC Wohlen in 2011--12.	Adrian Kunz	7 July 1967
date of birth	Johann Weißheimer II was born on 25 October 1797 in Osthofen as the eldest son of John I and Margaret Weißheimer, née Dechen, in his father's estate, the stone mill in Osthofen.	Johann Weißheimer II	25 October 1797
date of birth	Young-ja Lee (born 4 June 1931) is a South Korean music educator and composer.	Young-ja Lee	4 June 1931
date of birth	Anna Jesień, née Olichwierczuk (born 10 December 1978 in Kostki near Sokołów Podlaski) is a Polish former hurdler.	Anna Jesień	10 December 1978
date of birth	Emanuele Foà (16 August 1892 -- 9 October 1949) was an Italian engineer and engineering physicist, known for his contribution to mathematical fluid dynamics.	Emanuele Foà	16 August 1892
date of birth	Marzena Cieślik (born 21 August 1981) is a Polish model who was crowned Miss Polonia 2006.	Marzena Cieślik	21 August 1981
date of birth	Dorando Pietri, often wrongly spelt Petri (Italian pronunciation: (doˈrando ˈpjɛtri); 16 October 1885 -- 7 February 1942) was an Italian long-distance runner.	Dorando Pietri	16 October 1885
date of birth	Antonino Asta (born 17 November 1970) is an Italian football manager and former football player who was most recently the manager of Lecce; he played as a right winger during his career, although he was a versatile player capable of playing anywhere in midfield.	Antonino Asta	17 November 1970
date of birth	Margaret Ashton (19 January 1856 -- 15 October 1937) was an English suffragist, local politician, pacifist and philanthropist, and the first woman City Councillor for Manchester.	Margaret Ashton	1856
date of birth	Nicholas McLeod (fl. 1868--1889), in some accounts called Norman McLeod, was a native of the Isle of Skye, Scotland known for his theory that the Japanese people descended from the Lost Tribes of Israel.	Nicholas McLeod	1868
date of birth	Garry William Beers (born 22 June 1957, Sydney), known as Garry Gary Beers, is an Australian musician and was the bass guitarist for the new wave rock group INXS.	Garry Gary Beers	22 June 1957
date of birth	Andrzej Smolik (born 10 February 1970 in Swinoujscie) is a Polish musician, composer, music producer, and multi-instrumentalist.	Andrzej Smolik	10 February 1970
date of birth	Li Shulei (Chinese: 李书磊; born 21 January 1964) is a Chinese politician, currently serving as a the Secretary of Discipline Inspection Commission of Beijing, and a member of the municipal Party Standing Committee.	Li Shulei	January 1964
date of birth	Dr. Peddada Jagadeeswara Rao, known as Dr. P J Rao or Dr. P. Jagadeeswara Rao (born 24 June 1962) is an Indian hydro-geologist.	Peddada Jagadeeswara Rao	24 June 1962
date of birth	Angelina Fares (Arabic: انجلينا فارس‎, Hebrew: אנג'לינה פארס‎; born Doaa Fares on 24 March 1989) is an Israeli beauty pageant contestant.	Angelina Fares	24 March 1989
date of birth	Petteri Lampinen (born 5 February 1975) is a Finnish bandy player who plays for Russian side Rodina.	Petteri Lampinen	5 February 1975
date of birth	Didier Timothée Mbai (born 11 August 1985) is a former Chadian professional football player.	Didier Timothée Mbai	11 August 1985
date of birth	Serhiy Dikhtiar (Ukrainian: Сергій Дихтяр', Russian: Серге́й Дихтяр; transliterated also as Serhij Dychtjar or Sergej Dichtiar; born 26 August 1975) is an Ukrainian football player who spent all of his professional career playing in Germany.	Serhiy Dikhtiar	26 August 1975
date of birth	William S. Rukeyser (born 1939) is an American journalist who was the founding managing editor of Money magazine and managing editor of Fortune.	William S. Rukeyser	1939
date of birth	Colonel Robert Kyd (1746 -- 27 May 1793) was a British army officer stationed in India.	Robert Kyd	1746
date of birth	Jordan Holt (born 4 May 1994) is a Welsh footballer.	Jordan Holt	4 May 1994
date of birth	Laurie Rosenwald (born 1955) is an American illustrator, author, artist, and designer.	Laurie Rosenwald	1955
date of birth	Danny Makkelie (born 28 January 1983) is a Dutch international referee who took charge of the final of the 2012 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship Makkelie became a FIFA referee in 2011.	Danny Makkelie	28 January 1983
date of birth	Ezra Holmes (1882 -- after 1907) was an English professional footballer who scored 12 goals in 43 appearances in the Football League playing for Gainsborough Trinity and Birmingham.	Ezra Holmes	1882
date of birth	Cangapol was a Tehuelche cacique born in the area of Huilin, on the Negro River in today's Argentina from 1735 to 1752.	Cangapol	1735
date of birth	Enrico Pace (born 1967) is an Italian pianist of international renown.	Enrico Pace	1967
date of birth	Željko Buvač (Serbian Cyrillic: Жељко Бувач; born 13 September 1961) is a Bosnian Serb football manager and former player.	Željko Buvač	13 September 1961
date of birth	Heather Mercer (born 1977) is an American aid worker.	Heather Mercer	1977
date of birth	Tang Haochen (Chinese: 唐好辰; pinyin: Táng Hǎochén; born 21 February 1994) is a Chinese tennis player.	Tang Haochen	21 February 1994
date of birth	Helge Rykkja (born 27 August 1943) is a Norwegian author, poet, teacher and politician.	Helge Rykkja	27 August 1943
date of birth	Karl Probst (20 October 1883 -- 25 August 1963) was an American freelance engineer and automotive pioneer, credited with the design of the Jeep in 1940.	Karl Probst	20 October 1883
date of birth	Thomas Vikström (born 21 January 1969) is a Swedish vocalist best known for working with hard rock and heavy metal bands including doom metal bands Candlemass (during their initial final years, from 1991 to 1994) and power metallers Stormwind.	Thomas Vikström	21 January 1969
date of birth	Jane Bussmann (born 1969 in Marylebone, London) is an English comedienne and author, who has written for television and radio.	Jane Bussmann	1969
date of birth	Sir Thomas Taylor, 2nd Baronet (1657--96), of Park House, Maidstone and Shadoxhurst, Kent, was an English politician.	Sir Thomas Taylor, 2nd Baronet	1657
date of birth	Maria Friberg (born 16 May 1966) is a Swedish artist known for her works revolving around themes of power, masculinity and man's relationship to nature.	Maria Friberg	1966
date of birth	Pan Shiji or Chew Shyh-Ji (Chinese: 潘世姬; born 29 July 1957) is a Taiwanese composer, writer and music educator.	Pan Shiji	29 July 1957
date of birth	Anikó Kálovics (born 13 May 1977) is a Hungarian runner who specializes in the 10,000 metres and the marathon.	Anikó Kálovics	13 May 1977
date of birth	Wayne Fontana (born Glyn Geoffrey Ellis, 28 October 1945) is an English rock/pop singer, best known for the 1965 hit ``Game of Love'' with the Mindbenders.	Wayne Fontana	28 October 1945
date of birth	William Crean (born 16 December 1951) is a Roman Catholic bishop in Ireland.	William Crean	16 December 1951
date of birth	Moinina Fofana (born 1950 in Bullom, Bonthe District, Sierra Leone) is a Sierra Leonean former military commander who was the leading general in the Kamajors militia and director of the Civil Defence Forces (CDF) during the Sierra Leone Civil War.	Moinina Fofana	1950
date of birth	Sandro Nocentini (born 5 February 1966) is an Italian artist, living and working in Australia.	Sandro Nocentini	5 February 1966
date of birth	Zhou Hexi (born 28 October 1992) is a Chinese professional Go player.	Zhou Hexi	28 October 1992
date of birth	Boniface Natter (24 April 1866), christened Anthony, was a German Benedictine Monk who became the first Abbot of the newly reformed Benedictine Abbey of Buckfast in Devon, England.	Boniface Natter	24 April 1866
date of birth	John Krizanc (born 1956) is a Canadian playwright who established an international reputation with his non-linear work, Tamara.	John Krizanc	1956
date of birth	Gabriel Cleary (born 1945) was a senior engineer in the Provisional IRA.	Gabriel Cleary	1945
date of birth	Albert Trim (6 October 1875 -- 11 July 1954) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne and Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Albert Trim	6 October 1875
date of birth	Nanna Hänninen (born in 1973 in Rovaniemi, Finland) is a photographic artist who has worked as a professional since 1998.	Nanna Hänninen	1973
date of birth	Richard Boden (born 4 January 1953, Birmingham) is a British television director and producer best known for his work on situation comedies including 'Allo 'Allo, Blackadder Goes Forth, Life of Riley and The IT Crowd, the latter two of which he is also the producer.	Richard Boden	4 January 1953
date of birth	Saskia Wickham (born 14 January 1967) is an English actress best known for playing Dr. Erica Matthews in the ITV television drama series Peak Practice between 1996 and 1998.	Saskia Wickham	14 January 1967
date of birth	Juan Oropeza Riera (24 April 1906 -- 29 November 1971) was a Venezuelan lawyer, diplomat, writer, educator and political scientist.	Juan Oropeza	24 April 1906
date of birth	Andrew Steiner (22 August 1908, Dunajská Streda -- April 2009), also known as Endre Steiner and André Steiner) was a Czechoslovak and American architect.	Andrew Steiner	22 August 1908
date of birth	Teresa Mannino (born 23 November 1970) is an Italian comedian, actress and TV presenter.	Teresa Mannino	23 November 1970
date of birth	Jean Vinatier (born 25 November 1933) is a French former rally and racing driver.	Jean Vinatier	25 November 1933
date of birth	Minbu Nikō (民部日向, 1253--1314) was a Buddhist disciple of Nichiren.	Nikō	1253
date of birth	Penne Dennison (born 3 September 1969) is an Australian music and television entertainment presenter.	Penne Dennison	1969
date of birth	David Munks (born 29 April 1947) is a former English footballer whose career ran from the mid-1960s to the mid-1970s.	David Munks	29 April 1947
date of birth	David C. Godbey (born 1957, Temple, Texas) is a United States federal judge serving on the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas in Dallas, Texas.	David C. Godbey	1957
date of birth	Anne Lascaris (November 1487 -- July 1554), countess of Tende and of Villars, was a French noblewoman.	Anne Lascaris	1487
date of birth	Henri Decaisne (27 January 1799 -- 17 October 1852) was a Belgian historical and portrait painter.	Henri Decaisne	27 January 1799
date of birth	Erich Sackmann (born 26 November 1934) is a German experimental physicist and a pioneer of biophysics in Europe.	Erich Sackmann	26 November 1934
date of birth	Zhao Keluo (Chinese: 赵克罗; pinyin: Zhào kèluó; born 1974) is an official of the People's Republic of China, and also a democracy activist.	Zhao Keluo	1974
date of birth	Parinya Charoenphol (Thai: ปริญญา เจริญผล; rtgs: Parinya Charoenphon; born 9 June 1981), nicknamed Toom, also known by the stage name Parinya Kiatbusaba and the colloquial name Nong Toom, is a Thai boxer, former Muay Thai (Thai boxing) champion, model and actress.	Parinya Charoenphol	9 June 1981
date of birth	Kosta Hakman (Serbian Cyrillic: Коста Хакман; 22 May 1899 -- 9 December 1961) was a 20th-century Yugoslav painter.	Kosta Hakman	22 May 1899
date of birth	Norma Becker (1930 -- 2006) was a founder of the Fifth Avenue Vietnam Peace Parade Committee, which drew tens of thousands to protest the Vietnam War, and of the Mobilization for Survival coalition.	Norma Becker	1930
date of birth	Paulina and Afer had two children, a daughter Aelia Domitia Paulina (75-130) and a son emperor Publius Aelius Hadrianus (76-138).	Paulina	75
date of birth	Ben Haynes (born 27 June 1981) is an Australian rules footballer who played in the Australian Football League (AFL) for Richmond and Essendon Football Clubs and in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) for West Adelaide Football Club.	Ben Haynes	27 June 1981
date of birth	Adam Simpson (born 16 February 1976) is a former Australian rules footballer who is the current coach of the West Coast Eagles in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Adam Simpson	16 February 1976
date of birth	Qin Yizhi (Chinese: 秦宜智; born December 1965) is the current First Secretary of the Communist Youth League of China.	Qin Yizhi	December 1965
date of birth	Thomas Loftus Cole (1877 -- 7 March 1961) was a unionist politician in Northern Ireland.	Thomas Loftus Cole	1877
date of birth	Martin Eisengrein (28 December 1535 -- 4 May 1578) was a German Catholic theologian and polemical writer.	Martin Eisengrein	28 December 1535
date of birth	Shilpa Gupta (born 1976) is a contemporary Indian artist, who lives and works in Mumbai.	Shilpa Gupta	1976
date of birth	René Desaeyere (born 14 September 1947) is a Belgian former football player and former manager of Muangthong United.	René Desaeyere	14 September 1947
date of birth	Bruno Côté (August 10, 1940 -- June 30, 2010) was a contemporary Canadian landscape painter.	Bruno Côté	1940
date of birth	Mariana Durleșteanu (born 5 September 1963, Chișinău) is a politician and economist who was Ambassador of Moldova to London from 2005 until 2008.	Mariana Durleșteanu	5 September 1963
date of birth	Rachid Bouaouzan (Dutch pronunciation: (rɑˈʃit buɑˈuzɑn); born 20 February 1984) is a Dutch-Moroccan footballer who is currently a free agent.	Rachid Bouaouzan	20 February 1984
date of birth	Dominic Maloney (born 12 March 1987 in Castleford) is an English rugby league player who currently plays for Halifax of the Co-operative Championship.	Dominic Maloney	12 March 1987
date of birth	Stasys Šaparnis (born 2 October 1939) is a former Soviet modern pentathlete and Olympic medalist.	Stasys Šaparnis	2 October 1939
date of birth	Peter Artedi or Petrus Arctaedius (22 February 1705 -- 28 September 1735) was a Swedish naturalist and is known as the ``father of Ichthyology.''	Peter Artedi	22 February 1705
date of birth	Alexandre Cellier (born 4 December 1966) is a Swiss musician, son of Marcel Cellier.	Alexandre Cellier	4 December 1966
date of birth	Danny Kent (born 25 November 1993) is a British motorcycle racer, best known for winning the 2015 Moto3 World Championship.	Danny Kent	25 November 1993
date of birth	Nina Kolarič (born 12 December 1986 in Ptuj) is a Slovenian athlete who specialises in the long jump.	Nina Kolarič	12 December 1986
date of birth	William Mitchell Grundy (1880--1961) was an English headmaster.	William Mitchell Grundy	1880
date of birth	James Beebe (1717--1785), Reverend, presided over the Unity Parish at North Stratford, now Trumbull, Connecticut, between 1747 and 1785.	James Beebe	1717
date of birth	Saïd Berioui (born 3 June 1975 in Nador) is a retired Moroccan long-distance runner who specialized in the 10,000 metres.	Saïd Berioui	3 June 1975
date of birth	Harry Arundel (February 1855 -- March 25, 1904) was an American Major League Baseball player who pitched for three seasons.	Harry Arundel	February 1855
date of birth	Linwood Barclay (born 1955) is an American-born Canadian author, noted as a novelist, humourist, and (former) columnist.	Linwood Barclay	1955
date of birth	Batu Siharulidze (born in the Republic of Georgia, 7 May 1960) is an American artist, most widely known for his abstract figurative sculptures.	Batu Siharulidze	7 May 1960
date of birth	Malathi Basappa (born 1950) is an Indian model and beauty queen.	Malathi Basappa	1950
date of birth	Mary Farkas (1911--June 7, 1992) was the director of the First Zen Institute of America (FZIA), running the center's administrative functions for many years following the death of her teacher (Sokei-an) in 1945.	Mary Farkas	1911
date of birth	Sir Coles John Jeremy Child, 3rd Baronet (born 20 September 1944) is an English actor.	Jeremy Child	20 September 1944
date of birth	Colin Cotterill (born 2 October 1952) is a London-born teacher, crime writer and cartoonist.	Colin Cotterill	2 October 1952
date of birth	Mona Vasu (born 15 October 1982), sometimes spelled Mona Wasu, is an Indian television actress.	Mona Vasu	15 October 1982
date of birth	Kirsten Cassidy (born 29 January 1990 in Cheadle Hulme, Stockport) is a British actress best known for her role as Tanya Young in the popular BBC children's drama Grange Hill.	Kirsten Cassidy	29 January 1990
date of birth	Petra van der Heide (born 1971) is a Dutch harpist.	Petra van der Heide	1971
date of birth	The son of Bimal Chandra Sinha, scion of the Kandi Raj family and a minister in the Bidhan Chandra Roy cabinet, Atish Chandra Sinha was born in the Kandi Raj family on 11 July 1940.	Atish Chandra Sinha	11 July 1940
date of birth	Per Lidén, born March 3, 1969 as Pär Eiert Lidén, is a Swedish composer, songwriter and musician.	Per Lidén	1969
date of birth	Kim Hak-bum (Hangul: 김학범; born 1 March 1960) is a South Korean football manager.	Kim Hak-bum	1 March 1960
date of birth	Zheng Xiaocang (1892--1979; Chinese: 郑晓沧), was a Chinese writer, translator, and educator.	Zheng Xiaocang	1892
date of birth	Hagop Kazazian Pasha (alternative spelling: Agop Kazazyan) (1833--1891) was a high-ranking Ottoman official of Armenian origin who served as the Minister of Finance and the Minister of the Privy Treasury during the reign of Sultan Abdulhamid II.	Hagop Kazazian Pasha	1833
date of birth	Delroy Washington (born 1952) is a Jamaican-British reggae singer best known for his releases for Virgin Records in the late 1970s.	Delroy Washington	1952
date of birth	Max Almy (born 1948) is an American video, digital media, and installation artist.	Max Almy	1948
date of birth	Petros Topouzis (Greek: Πέτρος Τοπούζης, born 12 July 1991) is a Greek footballer who currently plays for A.O. Pefki.	Petros Topouzis	12 July 1991
date of birth	John Neville Figgis, CR (1866--1919) was an historian, political philosopher and Anglican priest and monk of the Community of the Resurrection.	Neville Figgis	1866
date of birth	Silvio Samuel (born 1975 in Nigeria) is an IFBB professional bodybuilder.	Silvio Samuel	1975
date of birth	Ragnar Bøe Elgsaas (born 1972) is a former Norwegian politician for the Labour Party.	Ragnar Bøe Elgsaas	1972
date of birth	Zdeněk Fikar (born 18 May 1926) is a former figure skater.	Zdeněk Fikar	18 May 1926
date of birth	Major Iván Castro (born 1967) is a U.S. Army officer who has continued serving on active duty in the Special Forces despite losing his eyesight.	Iván Castro	1967
date of birth	Leon Dunne (born 7 March 1975) is an Australian freestyle swimmer.	Leon Dunne	7 March 1975
date of birth	Betina Faurbye (born 1982) is a Danish beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Denmark 2006 and represented Denmark in Miss Universe 2006, placing in the Top 20.	Betina Faurbye	1982
date of birth	Dan Gillerman (Hebrew: דן גילרמן‎, born 1944 in the British Mandate of Palestine) was Israel's 13th Permanent Representative to the United Nations.	Dan Gillerman	1944
date of birth	Arjun Mathur (born 18 October 1981) is an Indian actor who has appeared in such Bollywood films as Luck by Chance and My Name Is Khan.	Arjun Mathur	18 October 1981
date of birth	Siddharth Sinha (born 1978) is an Indian film maker, whose Bhojpuri short film, Udedh Bun (2008), won Silver Bear at 58th Berlin International Film Festival 2008, the first ever such award in the history of Bhojpuri cinema and 2008 National Film Award for Best Short fiction Film.	Siddharth Sinha	1978
date of birth	Peter Allan Hansen (20 April 1944 -- 18 April 2012) was a Danish classical philologist known principally for his work on the Carmina epigraphica graeca I-II and on other aspects of Greek epigraphy.	Peter Allan Hansen	20 April 1944
date of birth	Fr. Edvard Kovač (born 1950) is a Slovenian theologian, philosopher and author.	Edvard Kovač	1950
date of birth	Plume Latraverse (born Michel Latraverse 11 May 1946) is a prolific singer, musician, songwriter and author from Quebec.At the end of the 60's, he formed a band named La Sainte Trinité with Pierrot le fou (Pierre Léger) and Pierre Landry.	Plume Latraverse	11 May 1946
date of birth	Duki Dror דוקי (צדוק) דרור Duki (Zadok) Dror دوكي درور درويش (born 1963 in Tel Aviv, Israel) is a director, producer and documentary filmmaker whose films deal largely with issues of migration, identity and displacement.	Duki Dror	1963
date of birth	Tania James (born 1980) is an Indian American novelist.	Tania James	1980
date of birth	Henri Lopès (born 12 September 1937) is a Congolese writer, diplomat, and political figure.	Henri Lopès	12 September 1937
date of birth	Anna Carteret (born 11 December 1942) is a British stage and screen actress.	Anna Carteret	11 December 1942
date of birth	Howard Altman (born 1960) is an American journalist and newspaper editor.	Howard Altman	1960
date of birth	Paula Bonet (born 1980 in Vila-real, Spain) is a Spanish book illustrator and urban mural painter.	Paula Bonet	1980
date of birth	Olga Horak (born 1926; née Rosenberger) is a Czechoslovakian-born Australian author and Holocaust survivor.	Olga Horak	1926
date of birth	Sir Ian Kershaw, FBA (born 29 April 1943) is a British historian and author whose work has chiefly focused on the social history of 20th century Germany.	Ian Kershaw	29 April 1943
date of birth	Paul Davidoff (February 14, 1930 -- December 27, 1984) was an American planner, planning educator, and planning theoretician who conceptualized ``advocacy planning'' with his wife, Linda Stone Davidoff.	Paul Davidoff	1930
date of birth	Hari Punja, OF, OBE (born 1936) is an Indo-Fijian businessman and Chairman of Hari Punja Group of Companies.	Hari Punja	1936
date of birth	Moise Joseph (born 27 December 1981 in Florida, United States) is a Haitian middle-distance runner specializing in the 800 meters.	Moise Joseph	27 December 1981
date of birth	Talal El Merhebi (Arabic: طلال المرعبي), born in the end of 1946, is the son of Khaled Beik Abdulkader El Merhebi, politician and leader in the North Lebanon district of Akkar(Deputy of Akkar since 1934).	Talal El Merhebi	1946
date of birth	Denzil Minnan-Wong (born c. 1963) is a Toronto city councillor representing one of the two Don Valley East wards, Toronto City Council Ward 34.	Denzil Minnan-Wong	1963
date of birth	Ian Lewtas (born 25 February 1954) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Geelong in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Ian Lewtas	25 February 1954
date of birth	A. J. Verdelle (born 1960 in Washington, D.C.), is an American novelist who is published by Algonquin Books and Harper, with essays published by Crown, the Smithsonian, the Whitney Museum, Random House, and University of Georgia Press.	A. J. Verdelle	1960
date of birth	Yevhen Kholoniuk (Ukrainian: Євген Холонюк; or Evgeni Kholoniuk from Russian: Евгений Холонюк; born 12 July 1990) is a Ukrainian former competitive ice dancer.	Yevhen Kholoniuk	12 July 1990
date of birth	Judi Trott (born 11 November 1962) is an English actress, best known for her portrayal of the Lady Marion of Leaford in the popular 1980s series Robin of Sherwood.	Judi Trott	11 November 1962
date of birth	Doug Nye (born October 1945) is an English motoring journalist and author.	Doug Nye	October 1945
date of birth	Lee Alvin DuBridge (21 September 1901 -- 23 January 1994) was an American educator and physicist.	Lee Alvin DuBridge	21 September 1901
date of birth	Sanjeev Chimmalgi (Kannada: ಸಂಜೀವ್ ಚಿಮ್ಮಲಗಿ) (born 29 July 1972) is an Indian Hindustani vocalist.	Sanjeev Chimmalgi	29 July 1972
date of birth	Wakachichibu Komei (real name Komei Kato, 16 March 1939 -- 17 September 2014) was a sumo wrestler from Chichibu, Saitama, Japan.	Wakachichibu Komei	16 March 1939
date of birth	Mak Wilson (born 3 September 1957) is an English puppeteer, writer, CG animation director, mocap artist, and voice actor.	Mak Wilson	3 September 1957
date of birth	Nana Richard Abiona (born 1988), better known by his stage name Fuse ODG, is an English musician of Ghanaian descent.	Fuse ODG	1988
date of birth	Katrín Sigurdardóttir (born 1967) is a New York-based Icelandic artist who works in installation and sculpture.	Katrín Sigurdardóttir	1967
date of birth	Patrick West (born 1974, London) is a freelance writer based in the UK and Ireland.	Patrick West	1974
date of birth	Jiří Fryš (born 11 March 1950) is a football manager.	Jiří Fryš	11 March 1950
date of birth	Yves Lafontaine (born 16 July 1959), is a Canadian musician, luthier and writer.	Yves Lafontaine	16 July 1959
date of birth	Dušan Basta (Serbian Cyrillic: Душан Баста; born 18 August 1984) is a Serbian professional football player who plays for Italian club Lazio.	Dušan Basta	18 August 1984
date of birth	João José Baldi (1770--1816) was a composer who was pianist at the court of the Marquis of Alorna and opera conductor in Leiria.	João José Baldi	1770
date of birth	Ashley Cole (born 20 December 1980) is an English professional footballer who is currently with Los Angeles Galaxy in Major League Soccer and plays as a left back.	Ashley Cole	20 December 1980
date of birth	Nguyễn Thu Thuỷ (born 1976 in Hanoi) was crowned the 4th Miss Vietnam in 1994 when she was a first year student at the Institute For International Relations in Hanoi.Nguyễn Thu Thuỷ was born in an intelligentsia family.	Nguyễn Thu Thuỷ	1976
date of birth	Herman Mandui (1969 -- October 4, 2014) was a Papua New Guinean archeologist.	Herman Mandui	1969
date of birth	Artur Żurawski (born 1972) is a Polish cinematographer, director and photographer who works in Poland and internationally.	Artur Żurawski	1972
date of birth	Amos Bairoch (born 22 November 1957) is a Swiss bioinformatician and Professor of Bioinformatics at the Department of Human Protein Sciences of the University of Geneva where he leads the CALIPHO group at the Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics (SIB) combining bioinformatics, curation, and experimental efforts to functionally characterize human proteins.	Amos Bairoch	22 November 1957
date of birth	Dylan Jones-Evans OBE Ph.D FRSA (born 16 May 1966) is Professor of Entrepreneurship and Strategy at Bristol Business School and visiting professor of entrepreneurship at the University of Turku in Finland.	Dylan Jones-Evans	16 May 1966
date of birth	Viram Jasani (born 1945) is a Kenyan-born Indian sitar and tabla composer and musician.	Viram Jasani	1945
date of birth	Shirley Cheriton (born 28 June 1955) is a British actress and performer, best known for her roles as Debbie Wilkins in the BBC soap opera EastEnders and her portrayal of Miss Prescott in the Are You Being Served? follow up, Grace & Favour.	Shirley Cheriton	28 June 1955
date of birth	Aaron Columbus Burr, born Aaron Burr Colombe (September 15, 1808 -- July 27, 1882), was the adopted son of American politician Aaron Burr.	Aaron Columbus Burr	1808
date of birth	Bernard Donoughue, Baron Donoughue (born 8 September 1934) is a British politician, academic, businessman and author.	Bernard Donoughue, Baron Donoughue	8 September 1934
date of birth	Marita Koch (born 18 February 1957), married name Marita Koch Meier, is a German former sprint track and field athlete.	Marita Koch	18 February 1957
date of birth	Charles Enebeli (born 23 October 1989), better known by his stage name D'Prince, is a Nigerian Afro Pop Singer, Songwriter.	D'Prince	23 October 1989
date of birth	Kenneth D. Tuchman (born 1959) is an American businessman and founder of global outsourcing company TeleTech.	Kenneth D. Tuchman	1959
date of birth	Yang Yansheng (simplified Chinese:杨雁盛; born 5 January 1988) is a Chinese pole vaulter.	Yang Yansheng	5 January 1988
date of birth	Salvatore Schillaci (Italian pronunciation: (salvaˈtoːre skilˈlaːtʃi); born 1 December 1964), commonly referred to by his nickname Totò, is a former Italian football player.	Salvatore Schillaci	1 December 1964
date of birth	Alhaj A. T. M. Abdul Mateen was born on 25 February 1925 at his ancestral home in the village of Aswinpur in Chandpur District (earstwhile Comilla).	A. T. M. Abdul Mateen	25 February 1925
date of birth	Gregory D. Gadson (born February 19, 1966) is a retired colonel in the United States Army and the former Garrison Commander of the U.S. Army Fort Belvoir .	Gregory D. Gadson	1966
date of birth	Bekir Ozan Has (born 18 February 1985) is a Turkish footballer who plays for TFF First League club Karabükspor.	Bekir Ozan Has	18 February 1985
date of birth	Yasemin Kozanoğlu (born 1978 in İstanbul) is a Turkish actress and model	Yasemin Kozanoğlu	1978
date of birth	Suhana Meharchand (born 22 April 1962) is a CBC News Network anchor and host of CBC News Now from 9 a.m. to 12 p.m. (Eastern Standard Time) on weekdays.	Suhana Meharchand	1962
date of birth	Irving Levin (born April 27, 1926), known professionally by his stage name of Leo De Lyon, is an American actor famous for his role as Spook and Brain in the prime time animated series Top Cat.	Leo De Lyon	1926
date of birth	Li Daqiu (simplified Chinese: 李达球; traditional Chinese: 李達球; pinyin: Lǐ Dáqiú; born October 1953) a former politician in the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China.	Li Daqiu	1953
date of birth	Kuo Ching-ch'iu (Chinese: 郭镜秋, 1911 -- April 25, 1999), also known as Helena Kuo, was a Chinese-American writer and translator.	Helena Kuo	1911
date of birth	Alan Cantwell Jr. (born 1934, New York, New York) is a retired dermatologist.	Alan Cantwell	1934
date of birth	Nigel Felton (24 October 1960, Guildford, Surrey) is an English cricketer.	Nigel Felton	24 October 1960
date of birth	Włodzimierz Kiniorski, also known as Kinior, (born 15 July 1952) is Polish musician.	Włodzimierz Kiniorski	15 July 1952
date of birth	Kostandin Ndoni (born 31 March 1989 in Lushnja) is an Albanian footballer who plays as a centre back for Kukësi in the Albanian Superliga.	Kostandin Ndoni	31 March 1989
date of birth	Joakim Palme (born 18 May 1958) is a Swedish political scientist and sociologist.	Joakim Palme	18 May 1958
date of birth	James Lloydovich Patterson (Russian: Джеймс Ллойдович Паттерсон; born 17 July 1933) is a Russian writer, naval officer and child actor of African American and Ukrainian descent.	James Lloydovich Patterson	17 July 1933
date of birth	Anne Dudley (born 7 May 1956) is an English composer, keyboardist, conductor and pop musician.	Anne Dudley	7 May 1956
date of birth	H. Dean Wagner (born 1961) is an American composer of handbell and organ music.	H. Dean Wagner	1961
date of birth	Joseph Tussman 4 December 1914--21 October 2005) was an American educator.	Joseph Tussman	1914
date of birth	Franz Tamayo Solares (1878, La Paz -- 1956) was a Bolivian intellectual, writer, and politician.	Franz Tamayo	1878
date of birth	Diao Guoxin (Chinese: 刁国新; born October 1958) is a lieutenant general (zhong jiang) of the People's Liberation Army (PLA) of China.	Diao Guoxin	October 1958
date of birth	Bernardo Fernandes da Silva or simply Bernardo (born 20 April 1965) is a retired Brazilian football player.	Bernardo Fernandes da Silva	20 April 1965
date of birth	Zena Skinner (born 1927) was a chef, writer, and cookery expert on television and radio.	Zena Skinner	1927
date of birth	Sayyid Muhammad ibn Ali al-Idrisi (1876--1920) (Arabic: محمد بن علي الإدريسي‎) founded and ruled the Idrisid Emirate of Asir.	Muhammad ibn Ali al-Idrisi	1876
date of birth	Monika Mockovčáková (born 20 May 1971 in Bratislava) is a Slovak classical pianist.	Monika Mockovčáková	20 May 1971
date of birth	Grégory Tadé (born 2 September 1986) is a French footballer of Ivorian descent who plays for Romanian club Steaua București as a striker.	Grégory Tadé	2 September 1986
date of birth	Francesco Cura (born 7 March 1977), is an American actor, singer, and fashion model.	Francesco Cura	7 March 1977
date of birth	Angel Chervenkov (Bulgarian: Ангел Димитров Червенков, born 10 June 1964) is a Bulgarian former footballer and current football manager.	Angel Chervenkov	10 June 1964
date of birth	Vincent Godfrey Burns (1893 Brooklyn - 1979) was Poet Laureate of Maryland, from 1962 until 1979.	Vincent Godfrey Burns	1893
date of birth	Piergiorgio Farina (25 April 1933 -- 28 July 2008) was an Italian jazz violinist, composer and singer.	Piergiorgio Farina	25 April 1933
date of birth	Fawzi Merhi (Arabic: فوزي مرعي‎; born 20 June 1950) is a Lebanese fencer.	Fawzi Merhi	20 June 1950
date of birth	Edward Troughton FRS (October 1753 -- 12 June 1835) was a British instrument maker who was notable for making telescopes and other astronomical instruments.	Edward Troughton	1753
date of birth	Ben Yagoda (born 22 February 1954) is a writer and educator.	Ben Yagoda	22 February 1954
date of birth	Gheorghi Arnaoudov (ɡɛˈorɡi ar̩naˈudof) (Bulgarian: Георги Арнаудов; born 18 March 1957) is a Bulgarian composer of stage, orchestral, chamber, film, vocal, and piano music.	Gheorghi Arnaoudov	18 March 1957
date of birth	Anne Émond (born 1982) is a film director and screenwriter based in Montreal, Quebec.	Anne Émond	1982
date of birth	Rod Black (born 1962 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a Canadian sports announcer for TSN and CTV Sports.	Rod Black	1962
date of birth	Joe Saba (born 1940) is an Australian fashion designer and fashion business owner.	Joe Saba	1940
date of birth	Henry Cleveland Putnam (1832 -- January 25, 1912) was a philanthropist and lumber baron in the Chippewa Valley of Wisconsin, also serving as a member of the Wisconsin State Forestry Commission.	Henry Cleveland Putnam	1832
date of birth	Johann Christoph Rothe (1653 -- 2 June 1700) was a German Baroque composer.	Johann Christoph Rothe	1653
date of birth	Edward Rooker (c. 1712 -- 22 November 1774) was an English engraver, draughtsman and actor.	Edward Rooker	1712
date of birth	Bridget Neval (born 13 February 1985) is a retired Australian/Canadian actress.	Bridget Neval	13 February 1985
date of birth	Lodovico Buglio (1606--1682) was an Italian Jesuit mathematician and theologian, a missionary in China.	Lodovico Buglio	1606
date of birth	Thomas Roma (formerly Thomas Germano born in 1950) is an American photographer who has worked almost exclusively since 1974 exploring the neighborhoods and institutions of his native Brooklyn, photographing scenes from churches, subways and everyday life, using a homemade camera.	Thomas Roma	1950
date of birth	Jennifer Horn (born 1964) was a two-time challenger for the New Hampshire's 2nd congressional district, She won the Republican nomination in 2008, and became the first woman nominated by the Republican Party in the state.	Jennifer Horn	1964
date of birth	Major General Muhammed Iftikhar Khan was born on 10 January 1909.	Iftikhar Khan	1909
date of birth	Ine Poppe (born 11 April 1960, Amsterdam) is a Dutch artist, journalist and writer.	Ine Poppe	11 April 1960
date of birth	Bari Siddiqui (Bengali: বারী সিদ্দিকী ; born 15 November 1954) is a Bangladeshi singer-songwriter, flutist and folk musician of Bangladesh.	Bari Siddiqui	15 November 1954
date of birth	Gail Borman (born 25 April 1963) is a former English women's international footballer, who played club football for the Doncaster Belles.	Gail Borman	25 April 1963
date of birth	Norodom Ranariddh (Khmer: នរោត្តម រណឫទ្ធិ; born 2 January 1944) is a Cambodian prince, politician and law academic.	Norodom Ranariddh	2 January 1944
date of birth	Sir (David) Roderick Evans (born 22 October 1946) is a former British judge of the High Court of England and Wales.	Roderick Evans	22 October 1946
date of birth	Robert Brian (born 1 July 1970) from Corsham, Wiltshire, UK is a professional jazz and rock drummer and session musician, most notably for Siouxsie Sioux of Siouxsie and the Banshees.	Robert Brian	1 July 1970
date of birth	Dragi Kanatlarovski - Capar (Macedonian: Драги Канатларовски - Цапар, born 8 November 1960) is a Macedonian football manager and former player.	Dragi Kanatlarovski	8 November 1960
date of birth	Etienne-Henri Martin (7 April 1905 -- 1997) was a French designer and decorator whose work combined elements of classic and avante-garde French design.	Etienne-Henri Martin	7 April 1905
date of birth	Vince Woodman (born 6 August 1938) is a British retired auto racing driver.	Vince Woodman	6 August 1938
date of birth	Alexander Edward (10 June 1651 -- 16 November 1708) was a priest of the Scottish Episcopal Church who later became a draughtsman, architect and landscape designer.	Alexander Edward	10 June 1651
date of birth	Jane Langley is a painter, teacher and environmentalist born in 1959.	Jane Langley	1959
date of birth	Denis Nulty was born in Slane, County Meath 7 June 1963, the youngest of five children.	Denis Nulty	7 June 1963
date of birth	Dejan Perić (born 22 September 1970) is a retired Serbian handballer and current coach.	Dejan Perić	22 September 1970
date of birth	R. S. Gwynn (born 1948 Eden, North Carolina) is an American poet and anthologist associated with New Formalism.	R. S. Gwynn	1948
date of birth	Fábio de Souza Loureiro or Fábio Carioca (born 10 September 1980) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a centre back for Liga Nacional de Honduras club Olimpia.	Fábio de Souza Loureiro	10 September 1980
date of birth	Priscilla Wald (born 1958) is Professor of English and Women's Studies at Duke University and the author of Constituting Americans:	Priscilla Wald	1958
date of birth	Roy Ellam (born 13 January 1943) is an English former professional footballer who played as a centre half in the Football League for three West Yorkshire teams, Bradford City, Huddersfield Town and Leeds United, during the 1960s and 1970s.	Roy Ellam	13 January 1943
date of birth	Stephen Skowronek (born 1951) is an American political scientist, noted for his research on American national institutions and the U.S. presidency, and for helping to stimulate the study of American political development.	Stephen Skowronek	1951
date of birth	Boadu Maxwell Acosty (born 10 September 1991 in Sunyani) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Serie B side Latina on loan from Serie A club Fiorentina.	Boadu Maxwell Acosty	10 September 1991
date of birth	Daniel Patrick Quinn (born 26 February 1981) is a British musician, composer, producer and performer.	Daniel Patrick Quinn	26 February 1981
date of birth	Kamal Bose (1915 - 1995) was an Indian cinematographer, who shot most of Bimal Roy classics, including Parineeta (1953), Do Bigha Zamin (1953), Bandini (1963), Devdas (1955) and Sujata (1960).	Kamal Bose	1915
date of birth	Jon Routson (born 1969 in Washington, D.C.) is a Baltimore, Maryland based American artist working in video, new media, and conceptual art.	Jon Routson	1969
date of birth	Anastasios Dalipis (Greek: Αναστάσιος Νταλίπης; 1896--1949), usually referred as Tasos Dalipis, was a Greek Army officer and politician, who was elected many times as a member of the Greek Parliament and served as Minister Governor-General of Western Macedonia from 1946 to 1947.	Anastasios Dalipis	1896
date of birth	Amber Ferenz (born 1972) is an American musician, music educator and composer.	Amber Ferenz	1972
date of birth	Bernard François Dassise Zoko (born 13 September 1983), known as François Zoko, is an Ivorian professional footballer who plays for League Two club Yeovil Town.	François Zoko	13 September 1983
date of birth	Shea Moylan (born 5 June 1987) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer for the Brisbane Broncos of the NRL.	Shea Moylan	5 June 1987
date of birth	Alfred L. Bush (born 1933), curator, writer, editor, and bibliophile, is the retired Curator of Western Americana at the Princeton University Library.	Alfred L. Bush	1933
date of birth	Niko Nirvi (born 1961) is a long-term major icon in the Finnish gaming world.	Niko Nirvi	1961
date of birth	Hervé Poulain (born 16 December 1940) is a retired French racing driver, author, and auctioneer.	Hervé Poulain	16 December 1940
date of birth	Bishop Isaias Papadopoulos (born on 24 February 1855, Pyrgos, Greece - died on 19 January 1932) was the first Exarch of the Greek Byzantine Catholic Church.	Isaias Papadopoulos	24 February 1855
date of birth	Veselin Stoykov (Bulgarian: Веселин Стойков; born 27 August 1986) is a Bulgarian footballer, who plays as a striker for Strumska Slava.	Veselin Stoykov	27 August 1986
date of birth	Adam Lyth (born 25 September 1987) is an English test cricketer, who has played for Yorkshire County Cricket Club since 2007.	Adam Lyth	25 September 1987
date of birth	Scott Oakes (born 5 August 1972) is a former professional footballer, best known from his time at Luton Town in the early 1990s.	Scott Oakes	5 August 1972
date of birth	Ebiet G. Ade (born Abid Ghoffar Aboe Dja’far; 21 April 1954) is an Indonesian singer and songwriter.	Ebiet G. Ade	21 April 1954
date of birth	Zoran Vuković (born 6 September 1955 in Brusna, Foča, Bosnia and Herzegovina) is a Bosnian Serb who was charged with crimes against humanity by the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia (ICTY) for his actions in the city of Foča during the Bosnian War.	Zoran Vuković	6 September 1955
date of birth	Yoon Yoon-su, commonly known in English as Gene Yoon (Korean 윤윤수; Hwaseong, 9 September 1945) is a South Korean business man.	Gene Yoon	9 September 1945
date of birth	Leo Bianchi (Bulgarian: Лео Бианки, born 9 March 1974) is an Italian-born Bulgarian singer, Chef and TV personality.	Leo Bianchi	9 March 1974
date of birth	Karin Svensson Smith (born 11 August 1956 in Kävlinge, Skåne County) is a Swedish politician of the Green Party, and formerly of the Left Party.	Karin Svensson Smith	11 August 1956
date of birth	Monsignor Felix Newton Pitt was born in 1894.	Felix Newton Pitt	1894
date of birth	Stephen Norrington (born 1964) is a British film director whose credits include Death Machine and the comic book adaptations Blade and The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen.	Stephen Norrington	1964
date of birth	Hukam Ram Meghwal (born 23 March 1926) is a Member of Parliament from Jalore (Lok Sabha constituency) constituency.	Hukam Ram	23 March 1926
date of birth	Michael O'Gorman (8 November 1874 -- 10 July 1937) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Michael O'Gorman	8 November 1874
date of birth	Daniell Revenaugh (born May 30, 1934) is an American classical pianist and conductor.	Daniell Revenaugh	1934
date of birth	Enrico Kölling (occasionally spelled Enrico Koelling or Enrico Kolling) (born 27 February 1990) is a German light heavyweight boxer, fighting out of German capital Berlin, his hometown.	Enrico Kölling	27 February 1990
date of birth	José de Urrutia (c. 1678 to 1741) was a Spanish explorer and settler of Texas, who became captain of San Antonio de Béjar Presidio and lived for many years in East Texas.	José de Urrutia	1678
date of birth	Janez Kajzer (born 21 January 1938) is a Slovene writer, journalist, translator and editor.	Janez Kajzer	21 January 1938
date of birth	Gillian Lindsay (born 24 September 1973, Paisley) is a Scottish rower.	Gillian Lindsay	24 September 1973
date of birth	Sehadete Mekuli (16 October 1928 -- 12 November 2013), also spelled Sadete Mekuli, was a Yugoslavian-born Albanian gynecologist, professor, and public figure.	Sehadete Mekuli	16 October 1928
date of birth	Jeffrey Hackney (born 5 January 1941) is a legal academic specialising in property law, law of trusts, and legal history at the University of Oxford.	Jeffrey Hackney	5 January 1941
date of birth	Arthur von Pongracz de Szent-Miklós und Óvár (25 June 1864 - 13 January 1942) was an Austrian equestrian rider.	Arthur von Pongracz	25 June 1864
date of birth	Girolamo Odam (1681- after 1718) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.	Girolamo Odam	1681
date of birth	J. Brendan Sharkey (Orange, New Jersey, 1962) is the current Speaker of the Connecticut House of Representatives.	Brendan Sharkey	1962
date of birth	Yadollah Sharifirad (Persian: یدالله شریفی‌راد‎) (born 24 March 1946 in Taleqan) is an Iranian former fighter pilot, former military attaché and writer.	Yadollah Sharifirad	1946
date of birth	John Claiborne (1777 -- October 9, 1808) He was a son of Thomas Claiborne (1749--1812) and brother of Thomas Claiborne (1780--1856).	John Claiborne	1777
date of birth	Abdi Farah Shirdon ( pronunciation AHB-dee FAH-rah SHIHR-dohn SAH-ihd; Somali: Cabdi Faarax Shirdoon; Arabic: عبدي فارح شردون‎; born in 1958) is a Somali businessman, economist and politician.	Abdi Farah Shirdon	1958
date of birth	Aliaksei Tsapik (Belarusian: Аляксей Цапік; born 4 August 1988) is a Belarusian athlete who competes in the triple jump and long jump with a personal best result of 16.82 metres at the triple jump.	Aliaksei Tsapik	4 August 1988
date of birth	Lynda O'Connell (born 1981 in Cork) is a camogie player and an accountant, winner of All Ireland camogie medals in 2002 and 2005 and 2008 and 2009.	Lynda O'Connell	1981
date of birth	Richard Gisser (born 11 July 1939 in Vienna) is an Austrian demographer who held leading positions at his country's statistical office until his retirement.	Richard Gisser	11 July 1939
date of birth	Muhammad ibn Ali ibn Abi Talib, also known as Muhammad ibn al-Hanafiyyah (15 AH -- 81 AH; c. 636 -- 700 A.D) and surnamed Abu'l-Qasim was an early Muslim leader.	Muhammad ibn al-Hanafiyyah	636
date of birth	Charlotte Wankel (12 May 1888 -- 2 August 1969) was a Norwegian painter regarded as one of the first Norwegian cubist and painters of abstract art.	Charlotte Wankel	12 May 1888
date of birth	Fitton Gerard, 3rd Earl of Macclesfield (15 October 1663 -- 26 December 1702) was a British peer, styled Hon. Fitton Gerard until 1701.	Fitton Gerard, 3rd Earl of Macclesfield	15 October 1663
date of birth	Sheila Waters (born 1929) is a calligrapher and teacher.	Sheila Waters	1929
date of birth	Nathaniel Woodard (21 March 1811 -- 25 April 1891) was a priest in the Church of England.	Nathaniel Woodard	21 March 1811
date of birth	Victor C. Anderson (1882--1937) was an American painter and illustrator, primarily known for his rural life scenes and landscapes, whose works were featured in Life and other magazines of the early 20th Century, and who produced a wide range of illustrations for books as well as oil paintings.	Victor C. Anderson	1882
date of birth	Marco Milesi (born 30 January 1970) is a former Italian racing cyclist, who rode professionally between 1994 and 2006.	Marco Milesi	30 January 1970
date of birth	Valdas Trakys (born 20 March 1979) is a Lithuanian footballer, whose last club was FK Atlantas.	Valdas Trakys	20 March 1979
date of birth	Qi Yu (Chinese: 齐玉; born April 1961) is a Chinese politician serving since 2015 as the deputy head of the Organization Department of the Communist Party of China.	Qi Yu	1961
date of birth	LaRuby May (born 1975) is a Democratic politician and African American lawyer who represents Ward 8 on the Council of the District of Columbia in Washington, D.C. She won the Ward 8 special election on May 10, 2015, succeeding Marion Barry, who died in office on November 23, 2014.	LaRuby May	1975
date of birth	Robert E. Pierre (born 1968 in Franklin, Louisiana) is a longtime reporter and editor at The Washington Post.	Robert E. Pierre	1968
date of birth	Vadim Chaimovich (Russian: Вадим Хаймович) (born 1978, in Vilnius) is a Lithuanian Pianist.	Vadim Chaimovich	1978
date of birth	Tiriel Mora (born 19 October 1958) is an Australian television and film actor.	Tiriel Mora	19 October 1958
date of birth	Han Cha Kyo (20 July 1934 -- 1996) was a South Korean master of taekwondo, and one of the twelve original masters of taekwondo of the Korea Taekwon-Do Association.	Han Cha Kyo	20 July 1934
date of birth	George French Angas (25 April 1822 -- 4 October 1886), was an English explorer, naturalist and painter who emigrated to Australia.	George French Angas	25 April 1822
date of birth	Besnik Krasniqi (born 1 February 1990 in Prishtinë) is a Kosovar-Albanian footballer who plays as a right back for Bylis Ballsh in the Albanian Superliga.	Besnik Krasniqi	1 February 1990
date of birth	Karen Gevorkian (born 7 May 1941) is a Soviet, Armenian, and Russian film director and screenwriter.	Karen Gevorkian	7 May 1941
date of birth	Phan Kế An (Hà Tĩnh Province 20 March 1923), also known as Phan Kích, is a Vietnamese painter.	Phan Kế An	20 March 1923
date of birth	Rocky Taylor (born Laurie Taylor in 1946) is an English stuntman and actor.	Rocky Taylor	1946
date of birth	Menggenjimisu was born in Ordos in Inner Mongolia on 8 April 1991 in a yurt.	Menggenjimisu	8 April 1991
date of birth	André Onana (born 2 April 1996) is a Cameroonian professional footballer who plays for Dutch club Ajax, as a Goalkeeper.	André Onana	2 April 1996
date of birth	Harrison Newey (born 25 July 1998) is a British racing driver and the son of Marigold Newey and famed Formula One engineer Adrian Newey.	Harrison Newey	25 July 1998
date of birth	Philippe Dupasquier (born 1955) is an author and illustrator of children's books.	Philippe Dupasquier	1955
date of birth	Antonio Escobar Núñez (born 1976) is a Spanish musical artist who has won awards during his career as a music producer, sound designer and composer for advertising, film, TV and recording artists.	Antonio Escobar	1976
date of birth	Daniel F. Styer (born 1955) is an American theoretical physicist and distinguished professor of physics at Oberlin College.	Daniel F. Styer	1955
date of birth	Sławomir Starosta (born 17 August 1965) is a Polish LGBT activist, musician, journalist and publisher of porn magazines and gay porno websites	Sławomir Starosta	17 August 1965
date of birth	Katie Archibald (born 12 March 1994) is a Scottish racing cyclist from Milngavie, near Glasgow, Scotland, who currently rides on the track for Great Britain and the Scottish Cycling Braveheart.com team.	Katie Archibald	12 March 1994
date of birth	Stefania Careddu (born 13 January 1945) is an Italian retired film and stage actress.	Stefania Careddu	13 January 1945
date of birth	Tony O'Doherty (born 23 April 1947 in Derry, Northern Ireland) is a former Northern Irish footballer and footballing manager.	Tony O'Doherty	23 April 1947
date of birth	Riky Widianto (born 28 December 1991 in Surabaya) is an Indonesian badminton player who specializes in doubles play.	Riky Widianto	28 December 1991
date of birth	Karl Francis (born 1 April 1942) is a Welsh film and television director, producer and screenwriter, associated with left-wing political causes.	Karl Francis	1 April 1942
date of birth	Rilwan Waheed (born 14 February 1991) is a Maldivian footballer nicknamed ``Riley'', who plays for Maziya and Maldives national team as a Wing back, mostly as a Right Back.	Rilwan Waheed	14 February 1991
date of birth	Álvaro Bautista (born 21 November 1984) is a Spanish Grand Prix motorcycle road racer.	Álvaro Bautista	21 November 1984
date of birth	Susan Beaumont (born 26 February 1936) is a retired English film actress who enjoyed a relatively brief film career.	Susan Beaumont	26 February 1936
date of birth	Jenny Barker (born 29 December 1974) was the drive time presenter on Cross Rhythms City Radio in Stoke-on-Trent in 2005.	Jenny Barker	29 December 1974
date of birth	Rónán Fallon (born 1984) is an Irish former hurler who played as a centre-back for the Dublin senior team.	Rónán Fallon	1984
date of birth	Hilary Liftin is an American author, born in New York City in 1969.	Hilary Liftin	1969
date of birth	Yannis Tamtakos (Greek: Γιάννης Ταμτάκος) (1908 -- January 4, 2008) was a Greek political activist, initially of Trotskyism and later of Anarchism.	Yannis Tamtakos	1908
date of birth	Borislav Mikelić (Борислав Микелић) (born 13 September 1939 in Dobrljin, then in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia) is a businessman and political figure of Croatian Serb background, who currently resides in Belgrade, Serbia.	Borislav Mikelić	1939
date of birth	Bettina Dajka (born 2 October 1990 in Miskolc) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Ferencvárosi TC in middle back position.	Bettina Dajka	2 October 1990
date of birth	Ronan O'Brien (born 1974, Dublin) is an Irish author, winner of the 2009 Irish Book Awards ``Newcomer of the Year'' for his first novel Confessions of a Fallen Angel.	Ronan O'Brien	1974
date of birth	Angelica Cheung (born in 1966 in Beijing) is a Chinese fashion journalist.	Angelica Cheung	1966
date of birth	Tommy Pratt (10 October 1905 -- 24 August 1992) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Tommy Pratt	10 October 1905
date of birth	Heinrich Dreser (1 October 1860 -- December 21, 1924 ) was a German chemist responsible for the aspirin and heroin projects at Bayer AG. He was also a key figure in creating the widely used modern drug Codeine.	Heinrich Dreser	1 October 1860
date of birth	Paul Neefs (4 July 1933 - 7 May 2009) was a Belgian architect and designer of wall objects and free-standing objects.	Paul Neefs	4 July 1933
date of birth	Tevfik Kış (born 10 August 1934 in Kargı, Çorum Province) is a former Turkish European, World and Olympic champion sports wrestler in the Light heavyweight class (87 kg) and a trainer.	Tevfik Kış	10 August 1934
date of birth	Duncan Ross McCallum (1930 -- November 27, 2006) was a Canadian football player who played for the Calgary Stampeders, Winnipeg Blue Bombers and Edmonton Eskimos.	Ross McCallum	1930
date of birth	Frans Krajcberg (born 12 April 1921) is a Polish-born Brazilian naturalized painter, sculptor, engraver and photograph.	Frans Krajcberg	12 April 1921
date of birth	Alibe Parsons (born 21 December 1945) is an actress who has worked extensively in both film and television.	Alibe Parsons	21 December 1945
date of birth	David Magarshack (23 December 1899 -- 1977) was a British translator and biographer of Russian authors, best known for his translations of Dostoevsky.	David Magarshack	23 December 1899
date of birth	Gilles Le Guen, alias Abdel Jelil (Nantes, 21 February 1955) is a French self-styled jihadist.	Gilles Le Guen	21 February 1955
date of birth	Esegine Allen (born 28 March 1986), better known by his stage name Orezi, is a Nigerian musician from Delta State.	Orezi	28 March 1986
date of birth	Emanuele Fonte (born 6 August 1992) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Tre Fiori, on loan from Brescia.	Emanuele Fonte	6 August 1992
date of birth	Mümin Çılgın (born in 1935) is a Turkish former racehorse jockey, best known for his record winning of nine races at the Gazi Race, Turkey's most prestigious horse racing event.	Mümin Çılgın	1935
date of birth	Erin Kaplan (born 1983) is an American publicist and television and fashion media personality.	Erin Kaplan	1983
date of birth	Prince Dominik Mikołaj Radziwiłł (Lithuanian: Dominykas Mikalojus Radvila; 1643--1697) was a Polish-Lithuanian noble (szlachcic) and politician.	Dominik Mikołaj Radziwiłł	1643
date of birth	Luciano Xavier Cunha or simply Luciano (born 27 February 1979) is a Brazilian footballer.	Luciano Xavier Cunha	27 February 1979
date of birth	Aristotelis Koundouroff (Greek: Αριστοτέλης Κουντούρωφ) (1896--1969) was a Greek composer of the Modern Era.	Aristotelis Koundouroff	1896
date of birth	Jeff Danziger (born 1943 in New York, New York) is a syndicated political cartoonist and author.	Jeff Danziger	1943
date of birth	Mindru Katz (3 June 1925 -- 30 January 1978) was a Romanian-Israeli classical pianist.	Mindru Katz	3 June 1925
date of birth	Rita Todorova (Bulgarian: Рита Тодорова, born 18 August 1958) is a Bulgarian rower.	Rita Todorova	18 August 1958
date of birth	Lieutenant General Sir Thomas Durand Baker KCB (23 March 1837 -- 9 February 1893) was a British army officer, and Quartermaster-General to the Forces.	Thomas Durand Baker	23 March 1837
date of birth	Giovanna Ralli (born, 2 January 1935) is an Italian stage, film and television actress.	Giovanna Ralli	2 January 1935
date of birth	Carlo Cesare Giovannini (Parma, 1695 -1758) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.	Carlo Cesare Giovannini	1695
date of birth	Alexandra Bradshaw, also known as Alexandra Bradshaw Hoag (April 20, 1888 -- September 23, 1981), was a Canadian-American watercolor artist and art professor.	Alexandra Bradshaw	1888
date of birth	Salvatore Masiello (born 31 January 1982) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a left-back and is currently unattached.	Salvatore Masiello	31 January 1982
date of birth	Kevin Patrick Yeary (born September 8, 1966) is an attorney from San Antonio, Texas, who is an incoming judge of the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals, a nine-member body which serves as the court of last resort in state criminal cases.	Kevin Patrick Yeary	1966
date of birth	Ada Kramm (14 March 1899 -- 17 December 1981) was a Norwegian stage and film actress whose career spanned more than six decades.	Ada Kramm	14 March 1899
date of birth	Beatrice Bartelloni (born 5 February 1993) is an Italian professional racing cyclist who currently races for the UCI Women's team Aromitalia Vaiano.	Beatrice Bartelloni	5 February 1993
date of birth	Stephen Zunes (born 1956) is an American international relations scholar specializing in the Middle Eastern politics, U.S. foreign policy, and strategic nonviolent action.	Stephen Zunes	1956
date of birth	Daan Frenkel (born 1948, Amsterdam) is a Dutch computational physicist in the Department of Chemistry at the University of Cambridge.	Daan Frenkel	1948
date of birth	Stephen Peel (born 29 December 1965) is a British businessman, private equity investor and philanthropist who until 2014 was one of the senior partners at the global private equity firm TPG Capital.	Stephen Peel	29 December 1965
date of birth	Muhammadu Inuwa Wada (c. 1917 -- November 25, 2015) was a parliamentarian and minister of Works and Survey under the administration of Tafawa Balewa.	Inuwa Wada	1917
date of birth	Henrik Toft Hansen (born 18 December 1986) is a Danish professional handballer, currently playing for German Bundesliga club SG Flensburg-Handewitt.	Henrik Toft Hansen	18 December 1986
date of birth	Jesse Binga (1865 -1950) was a prominent African-American businessman who founded the first privately owned African-American bank in Chicago.	Jesse Binga	1865
date of birth	Chu Yimin (Chinese: 褚益民; born July 1953) is a general of the People's Liberation Army (PLA) of China, and the inaugural Political Commissar of the Northern Theater Command.	Chu Yimin	July 1953
date of birth	Scott McConnell (born 1952) is an American journalist best known as a founding editor of The American Conservative.	Scott McConnell	1952
date of birth	Brian Barry-Murphy (born 27 July 1978) is an Irish professional footballer who plays for English League One club Rochdale.	Brian Barry-Murphy	27 July 1978
date of birth	Jeff Burnige (born 24 July 1947) was a director of Millwall Football Club from 1986 until 2008.	Jeff Burnige	1947
date of birth	Wang Chunyu (Chinese: 王春雨; born 17 January 1995) is a Chinese track and field athlete who specialises in the 800 metres.	Wang Chunyu	17 January 1995
date of birth	Ivar Kants (born 19 July 1949) (commonly credited as Ivor Kants or Ivar Kanz) is an Australian actor of Latvian descent who has played numerous roles in soap opera's including A Country Practice, G.P., All Saints, Water Rats, and Blue Heelers.	Ivar Kants	19 July 1949
date of birth	Dennis Barrie (born 1947) is a museum director responsible for the curation of American pop-culture.	Dennis Barrie	1947
date of birth	Jóhannes Eðvaldsson (born 3 September 1950, in Reykjavík) is an Icelandic former international football player of Estonian descent.	Jóhannes Eðvaldsson	3 September 1950
date of birth	Alberto Tavazzi (1912--2006) was an Italian painter, art director and occasional actor.	Alberto Tavazzi	1912
date of birth	Martha Wise (1884 -- June 28, 1971), born Martha Hasel, was an American poisoner.	Martha Wise	1884
date of birth	Michael Kesterton (born 1946) is a columnist with The Globe and Mail.	Michael Kesterton	1946
date of birth	Abdelwahid Bouabdallah (Arabic: عبد الواحد بو عبد الله‎) (born 1953) has been CEO of Air Algérie since March 1, 2008 up to 19 June 2011, replacing former CEO Mohamed Tayeb Benouis who died in August, 2007.	Abdelwahid Bouabdallah	1953
date of birth	Jon Pritikin (born 26 February 1973) is a motivational speaker and founder of a non-profit organization known as ``Feel the Power''.	Jon Pritikin	26 February 1973
date of birth	Duncan Ball (born February 1941) is an American-born Australian author who has written the children's series Selby (about a talking dog named Selby who tries to keep his secret away from his owners) and Emily Eyefinger (about a girl who has an eye on her finger).	Duncan Ball	1941
date of birth	Tomislav Grčić (born 5 July 1986) is a Croatian football footballer, currently playing for Maceratese-Italy.	Tomislav Grčić	5 July 1986
date of birth	Ralph Citro (1926 -- October 2, 2004) was a boxing historian and archivist.	Ralph Citro	1926
date of birth	Zaw Zaw Oo (Burmese: ဇော်ဇော်ဦး; born 31 July 1989) is a footballer and from Burma.	Zaw Zaw Oo	31 July 1989
date of birth	George Moulson (born 6 August 1914 in Clogheen, County Tipperary died May 1994) was an Irish professional football player.	George Moulson	6 August 1914
date of birth	Kyle Hutton (born 5 February 1991) is a professional Scottish association footballer who plays for Queen of the South.	Kyle Hutton	5 February 1991
date of birth	George Sharples (born 20 September 1943) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League for Blackburn Rovers, Everton and Southport.	George Sharples	20 September 1943
date of birth	Amy Fulywer (born 1968) is an American ski mountaineer and has been member of the national selection since 2010.	Amy Fulywer	1968
date of birth	Dominique Gaumont (8 January 1953 -- 10 November 1983) was a French jazz guitarist who played with Miles Davis, the Art Ensemble of Chicago and Michel Portal.	Dominique Gaumont	8 January 1953
date of birth	Rahul Bajaj (born 10 June 1938) is an Indian businessman, politician and philanthropist.	Rahul Bajaj	10 June 1938
date of birth	Dame Katharine Mary Barker DBE FAcSS (born 1957), generally known as Kate Barker, is a British economist.	Kate Barker	1957
date of birth	Stjepan Kljuić (born 19 December 1939) is a Bosnian Croat politician and academic who has been an active participant in Bosnian politics since Bosnian independence.	Stjepan Kljuić	19 December 1939
date of birth	George A. Nelson (November 15, 1873 - May 4, 1962) was a dairy farmer, a farm organization leader, and an American socialist politician.	George A. Nelson	1873
date of birth	Peter Scudamore (born June 1958), known universally as 'Scu', is a former jockey and trainer in National Hunt racing.	Peter Scudamore	June 1958
date of birth	Pekka Ruuska (born 1983 Podgornoe) is a Finnish curator specialized in Public Art. Currently he is working as a project director for Strata.	Pekka Ruuska	1983
date of birth	Harlan Anderson (born 1929) is an American engineer and entrepreneur, best known as the co-founder of Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) which at one time was the second largest computer company in the world.	Harlan Anderson	1929
date of birth	Rosa Beltrán (15 March 1960) is a Mexican writer, lecturer and academic.	Rosa Beltrán	1960
date of birth	Doctor Baek Sung-hee (born 1970) is a South Korean scientist specialising in molecular genetics.	Baek Sung-hee	1970
date of birth	Jeff Gilberthorpe (Born in Chesterfield, Derbyshire in 1939) is a British/Australian artist and author.	Jeff Gilberthorpe	1939
date of birth	Pope Victor II (c. 1018 -- 28 July 1057), born Gebhard, Count of Calw, Tollenstein, and Hirschberg, was Pope from 13 April 1055 to his death in 1057.	Pope Victor II	1018
date of birth	Dave Cartwright (born April 1943) is a British singer, songwriter, guitarist and author.	Dave Cartwright	1943
date of birth	Rishi Dhawan (born 19 February 1990) is an Indian cricketer who plays first-class and List A cricket for Himachal Pradesh.	Rishi Dhawan	19 February 1990
date of birth	Sir Ambrose Hardinge Giffard (1771--1827) was chief justice of British Ceylon.	Ambrose Hardinge Giffard	1771
date of birth	Christopher Nevill (born 20 March 1800 at Easton, Hampshire; died 15 December 1847 at East Grinstead, Sussex) was an English amateur cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1820 to 1822 for Cambridge University Cricket Club.	Christopher Nevill	20 March 1800
date of birth	Sam A. Lindsay (born 1951) is a United States District Judge for the Northern District of Texas, with chambers in Dallas, Texas.	Sam A. Lindsay	1951
date of birth	Ivan De Battista (born 13 September 1977) is a Maltese film and theatre actor and director, author, and poet.	Ivan De Battista	13 September 1977
date of birth	Afshin Sadeghi (Persian: افشین صادقی‎, born 25 March 1993) is an Iranian handball player for Samen Mashhad and the Iranian national team.	Afshin Sadeghi	25 March 1993
date of birth	Michaël Van Hoey (born 8 September 1982) is a Belgian football player who plays in the central defence.	Michaël Van Hoey	8 September 1982
date of birth	Michele Bohbot (born 1960) is a Moroccan-born American fashion designer and retailer.	Michele Bohbot	1960
date of birth	Cino da Pistoia (1270 -- 1336/37) was an Italian jurist and poet.	Cino da Pistoia	1270
date of birth	Robert Harding Evans (1778--1857) was an English bookseller and auctioneer.	Robert Harding Evans	1778
date of birth	Claude Louis Langlois (13 June 1757 -- c. 1845), known as Langlois de Sézanne, was a French portraitist and pastel artist.	Langlois de Sézanne	1757
date of birth	Dolores Jiménez Alcántara (La Puebla de Cazalla, Seville, 28 July 1909 -- 14 June 1999), known as ``Niña de la Puebla ''(in Spanish: ``The girl from La Puebla''; La Puebla is her birthplace) was one of the greatest flamenco and Andalusian copla singers.	Niña de la Puebla	July 1909
date of birth	Stepan Chapman (May 27, 1951 -- January 27, 2014) was an American writer of speculative fiction and fabulation.	Stepan Chapman	1951
date of birth	Denis Scherbakov (Russian: Денис Щербаков, Belarusian: Дзяніс Шчарбакоў; born 7 August 1978 in Minsk) is a Belarusian professional football referee.	Denis Scherbakov	7 August 1978
date of birth	Ma Jae-yoon (Korean: 마재윤; born 23 November 1987), known by the pseudonym sAviOr (previously IPXZerg), and dubbed The Maestro, is a former professional South Korean e-sports gamer of the real-time strategy game StarCraft.	Ma Jae-yoon	23 November 1987
date of birth	Terrol Dew Johnson (born 1973) is a contemporary Tohono O'odham basketweaver and health advocate, promoting traditional foods to prevent diabetes.	Terrol Dew Johnson	1973
date of birth	Emily Hiestand (born 1947 Chicago) is an American writer and poet.	Emily Hiestand	1947
date of birth	Trilochan Pradhan, (born 3 January 1929) is an Indian scientist.	Trilochan Pradhan	3 January 1929
date of birth	Shaunna O'Grady (born 1958) is an Australian retired actress who played the second incarnation of Jim Robinson's wife, Beverley Marshall, on the long-running soap opera Neighbours.	Shaunna O'Grady	1958
date of birth	V. M. Girija (born 1961) is one of the women writers of Kerala.	V. M. Girija	1961
date of birth	Taniela Moa (born 11 March 1985) is a Rugby union player.	Taniela Moa	11 March 1985
date of birth	Thomas Oelsner (born 19 June 1970) is a retired German Paralympic Nordic skier who won multiple gold medals throughout his career.	Thomas Oelsner	19 June 1970
date of birth	Deivid de Souza, commonly known as Deivid (born 22 October 1979), is a retired Brazilian football striker and attacking midfielder , manager carataker of Cruzeiro.	Deivid	22 October 1979
date of birth	John Scales Avery (born in 1933 in Lebanon to American parents) is a theoretical chemist noted for his research publications in quantum chemistry, thermodynamics, evolution, and history of science.	John Scales Avery	1933
date of birth	Rita Kirst (née Schmidt on 21 October 1950) is a retired German high jumper.	Rita Kirst	21 October 1950
date of birth	Yuan Shanshan (Chinese: 袁姗姗; pinyin: Yuán Shānshān; born 22 February 1987) also known as Mabel Yuan is a Chinese actress and singer.	Yuan Shanshan	22 February 1987
date of birth	Thomas Humphrey Paget OBE (13 August 1893 -- May 1974) was an English medal and coin designer and modeller.	Humphrey Paget	13 August 1893
date of birth	David Kiprotich Bett (born 18 October 1992) is an Kenyan long-distance runner, who specialises in the 5000 meters.	David Kiprotich Bett	18 October 1992
date of birth	Ray Potter (4 June 1925 - 23 February 2000) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1940s.	Ray Potter	4 June 1925
date of birth	Kalidas Roy (1889--1975) was a poet of the Tagore era of Bengali literature and a teacher.	Kalidas Roy	1889
date of birth	John Heth (1798 -- April 30, 1842), of Black Heath in Chesterfield County, Virginia, was the son of Colonel Henry ``Harry'' Heth, who had emigrated from England in 1759, and established himself in the coal business in the Virginia Colony.	John Heth	1798
date of birth	David Faderne (born 15 January 1970) is a French former professional footballer who played as a centre forward.	David Faderne	15 January 1970
date of birth	Ivy Cavendish-Bentinck, Duchess of Portland DBE (née Gordon-Lennox; 16 June 1887 -- 3 March 1982) was Duchess of Portland from 1943 - 1977 and afterwards Dowager Duchess.	Ivy Cavendish-Bentinck, Duchess of Portland	16 June 1887
date of birth	Frédéric Ebong-Salle, better known as Fred Salle (born 10 September 1964) is a retired athlete who specialized in the long jump.	Fred Salle	10 September 1964
date of birth	Maria Areosa (full name: Maria Costa Macedo Areosa Ribeiro, born 14 September 1984) is a professional Portuguese triathlete, Portuguese Duathlon Champion of the year 2010, and permanent member of the National Team.	Maria Areosa	14 September 1984
date of birth	Arbër Dhrami (born 23 June 1988) is an Albanian footballer who currently plays as a striker for Luftëtari Gjirokastër in the Albanian First Division.	Arbër Dhrami	23 June 1988
date of birth	Tristan MacManus (born 23 July 1982) is an Irish dancer, best known for his professional appearances on Dancing with the Stars and Strictly Come Dancing.	Tristan MacManus	23 July 1982
date of birth	Nguyễn Chích (阮隻) also Nguyễn Chính (1382--1448) was an ethnic-Mường general and advisor of Annamese national leader Lê Lợi.	Nguyễn Chích	1382
date of birth	Keith Price (born June 28, 1991) is an American and Canadian football quarterback for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League.	Keith Price	1991
date of birth	Edward Withy was born at Bristol on 22 December 1844, of Quaker stock.	Edward Withy	22 December 1844
date of birth	William Mackey Lomasney (1841-December 13, 1884) was a member of the Fenian Brotherhood and the Clan na Gael who, during the Fenian dynamite campaign organized by Jeremiah O'Donovan Rossa, was killed in a failed attempt to dynamite London Bridge.	William Mackey Lomasney	1841
date of birth	Brian Setencich (born 1962) served in the California Assembly for one term from 1994 to 1996 and as Speaker of that body from September 14, 1995 to January 4, 1996.	Brian Setencich	1962
date of birth	Floyd Prozanski (born 1954) is an American Democratic politician who is a current member of the Oregon State Senate, representing the 4th District, since 2004.	Floyd Prozanski	1954
date of birth	Mateja Zver (born 15 March 1988) is a Slovenian football striker who has played for Pomurje in the Slovenian Women's League and Þór/KA in Iceland's Úrvalsdeild.	Mateja Zver	15 March 1988
date of birth	Lucinda Green MBE (née Prior-Palmer, born 7 November 1953) is a British equestrian and journalist who competed in eventing.	Lucinda Green	7 November 1953
date of birth	Tasmina Ahmed-Sheikh OBE WS NP MP (born 5 October 1970) is a Scottish politician.	Tasmina Ahmed-Sheikh	5 October 1970
date of birth	John Rawdon, 1st Earl of Moira (17 March 1720 -- 20 June 1793), known as Sir John Rawdon, Bt, between 1724 and 1750 and as The Lord Rawdon between 1750 and 1762, was an Irish peer.	John Rawdon, 1st Earl of Moira	17 March 1720
date of birth	Roland Gerebics (born 6 September 1979 in Várpalota) is a Hungarian sport shooter who specializes in the double trap.	Roland Gerebics	6 September 1979
date of birth	Leonora Jakupi (born 3 March 1979) is an Albanian Kosovar singer.	Leonora Jakupi	3 March 1979
date of birth	Jacqueline Chabbi (born in 1943) is an historian and a professor of Arab Studies at the University of Paris-VIII (Paris Saint-Denis).	Jacqueline Chabbi	1943
date of birth	Patricia Meunier-Lebouc (born 16 November 1972) is a French former professional golfer who played on the Ladies European Tour and the LPGA Tour.	Patricia Meunier-Lebouc	16 November 1972
date of birth	Sabine Ehrenfeld (German pronunciation: (ˈsaˈbiːnə ˈeːʁənfɛlt); born 27 November 1963 in Mannheim) is a German model and actress.	Sabine Ehrenfeld	27 November 1963
date of birth	Francis Holman (1729--1784) was a British maritime painter, little recognised during his own lifetime, but whose paintings are now sought after.	Francis Holman	1729
date of birth	Nithya Ram (born Jan 31 1990) is an Indian television and film actress who works in Kannada cinema.	Nithya Ram	1990
date of birth	Kate Kretz (born 1963) is an American artist born in Grove City, PA, and raised in upstate New York.	Kate Kretz	1963
date of birth	Brad Newsham (born 15 September 1951) is a travel writer from San Francisco, US.	Brad Newsham	15 September 1951
date of birth	Diego Sosa full name Diego Roberto Sosa (born 17 April 1980 in Buenos Aires), is an Argentine footballer.	Diego Sosa	17 April 1980
date of birth	Milda Valčiukaitė (born 24 May 1994) is a Lithuanian rower, best known for winning gold medals at the 2013 World Rowing Championships and the 2013 European Rowing Championships.	Milda Valčiukaitė	24 May 1994
date of birth	Karen Paterson (born 18 May 1982) is a Scottish ex-professional tennis player who was active between the years 1998 and 2007.	Karen Paterson	18 May 1982
date of birth	Ellin Devis (December 1746 - February 1820) was a schoolmistress and author of The Accidence (1775), a popular eighteenth-century grammar.	Ellin Devis	December 1746
date of birth	Luis Y. Aragón (born 1939 in Chihuahua, Chihuahua) is a Mexican painter and sculptor, best known for his sculpted mural work, as well as the design of the Gawi Tonara award which is given by the state of Chihuahua.	Luis Y. Aragón	1939
date of birth	Wade Liddell born 1 June 1979 is a rugby league player for the Easts Tigers in the Queensland Cup.	Wade Liddell	1 June 1979
date of birth	Rabbi Gedaliah Nadel (1923--2004) is known as one of the heads of Kollel Chazon Ish and was the leading decider of Jewish Law in the Chazon Ish neighborhood of Bene Barak.	Gedaliah Nadel	1923
date of birth	Joanne Burns (born 5 December 1945) is a contemporary Australian poet and prose writer, with a strong emphasis on performance in her work.	Joanne Burns	5 December 1945
date of birth	Hayyim ben Jacob Abulafia (born 1660 in Hebron, d.1744 in Tiberias,7 Ottoman Syria) was a rabbinical authority.	Hayyim ben Jacob Abulafia	1660
date of birth	Ari Rath (born 6 January 1925) is an Austrian-Israeli journalist and writer.	Ari Rath	6 January 1925
date of birth	Cecilia Månsdotter Eka (c. 1476--1523), also called Cecilia of Eka, was a Swedish noblewoman.	Cecilia Månsdotter	1476
date of birth	Aléxia Zuberer (born 1972) is a Swiss-French ski mountaineer, ski instructor and mountain guide, and took also part in several Himalayan expeditions.	Aléxia Zuberer	1972
date of birth	James Powderly (born 1976) is an artist, designer and engineer whose work has focused on creating tools for graffiti artists and political activists, designing robots and promoting open source culture.	James Powderly	1976
date of birth	Michael Ferris (21 November 1931 -- 20 March 2000) was an Irish Labour Party politician who served for more than twenty years as a member of the Oireachtas, as both a Senator and a Teachta Dála (TD).	Michael Ferris	21 November 1931
date of birth	Leonard Henderson (1772--1833) was an American jurist who served as Chief Justice of the North Carolina Supreme Court from 1829 to 1833, and an associate judge of that court beforehand.	Leonard Henderson	1772
date of birth	Friedrich Gerhard (24 July 1884 -- 16 May 1950) was a German equestrian and Olympic champion.	Friedrich Gerhard	24 July 1884
date of birth	Eleni Filandra (Greek: Ελενη Φιλανδρα; born 12 January 1984) is a Greek middle-distance runner who specializes in 800 metres.	Eleni Filandra	12 January 1984
date of birth	Roy Wagner (born 1938, Cleveland, Ohio) is a cultural anthropologist who specializes in symbolic anthropology.	Roy Wagner	1938
date of birth	José Reynaldo Bencosme de Leon (16 May 1992) is an Italian 400m hurdler.	José Reynaldo Bencosme de Leon	16 May 1992
date of birth	Bernie Murphy (born 1923) was an Irish hurler and Gaelic footballer who played as a midfielder for the Cork senior team.	Bernie Murphy	1923
date of birth	Yuliya Levchenko (Ukrainian: Юлія Левченко; born 28 November 1997) is a high jumper from Ukraine.	Yuliya Levchenko	28 November 1997
date of birth	Shirshendu Mukhopadhyay (Bengali: শীর্ষেন্দু মুখোপাধ্যায়; born 2 November 1935) is a Bengali author from India.	Shirshendu Mukhopadhyay	2 November 1935
date of birth	Marc Pourpe (May 17, 1887 -- December 2, 1914) was a French aviation pioneer and stunt flyer.	Marc Pourpe	1887
date of birth	Hotte Paksha Rangaswamy (Kannada: ಹೊಟ್ಟೆ ಪಕ್ಷ ರಂಗಸ್ವಾಮಿ) (1933 -- January 7, 2007) was a political leader from the Indian state of Karnataka, who had a penchant for contesting elections.	Hotte Paksha Rangaswamy	1933
date of birth	Ronan Magill (born Sheffield, UK, 1954) is a British concert pianist and composer.	Ronan Magill	1954
date of birth	Mehmed Begzadić (born 5 January 1993) is a Swiss-Bosnian professional footballer currently playing for FC Locarno on loan from FC Lausanne-Sport.	Mehmed Begzadić	5 January 1993
date of birth	Barton McLean (born 8 April 1938) is an American composer, performer, music reviewer, and writer	Barton McLean	8 April 1938
date of birth	Hippolite Cornellier (1820 -- May 21, 1887) was a teacher, farmer and political figure in Quebec.	Hippolite Cornellier	1820
date of birth	David Lee Pearson, CBE (born 4 February 1974) is a 10-times paralympic games gold medallist having represented British para-equestrianism in Sydney, Athens, Beijing and London.	Lee Pearson	4 February 1974
date of birth	Yeshey Dorji, commonly known as ``Bumlay'' (born 2 January 1989) is a Bhutanese footballer.	Yeshey Dorji	2 January 1989
date of birth	Keith Johnstone (born February 1933) is a British and Canadian pioneer of improvisational theatre, best known for inventing the Impro System, part of which are the Theatresports.	Keith Johnstone	1933
date of birth	John Talbot, 16th Earl of Shrewsbury, 16th Earl of Waterford (1791--1852) was a British peer and aristocrat.	John Talbot, 16th Earl of Shrewsbury	1791
date of birth	Pekka Lintu (born 1947) is a Finnish lawyer and diplomat.	Pekka Lintu	1947
date of birth	Laurel Kenner (born in Santa Monica, California in 1954) is a New York writer.	Laurel Kenner	1954
date of birth	Steve Swales (born 26 December 1973) is an English footballer who played in The Football League for Scarborough, Reading, Hull City and Halifax Town, before dropping into non-League football.	Steve Swales	26 December 1973
date of birth	Dylan Van Unen (born 22 June 1990) is a professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Dylan Van Unen	22 June 1990
date of birth	Major General Ghulam Mujtaba Patang (born 1963) is an Afghan Police Officer and the former Interior Minister of Afghanistan.	Ghulam Mujtaba Patang	1963
date of birth	Benjamin Lewis Vulliamy (25 January 1780 -- 8 January 1854) was a clockmaker, active in 18th and 19th century Britain.	Benjamin Lewis Vulliamy	25 January 1780
date of birth	Lou Naumovski, also in French ``Louis'' and in Macedonian ``Ljupco'', (born 1957 in Bitola, Macedonia) is a Canadian entrepreneur of Macedonian descent, Vicepresident and Director General of the Moscow Representative Office of the Kinross Gold Corporation, the largest foreign gold miner in Russia.	Lou Naumovski	1957
date of birth	Arif Yunus (born 12 January 1955) is an Azerbaijani author, historian, and human rights activist.	Arif Yunus	12 January 1955
date of birth	Youssef Gergi Abed (1911 -- December 2006), also known as Pépé Abed, was a Lebanese adventurer, explorer and entrepreneur.	Pépé Abed	1911
date of birth	Chen Xilian (pronounced (ʈʂʰə̌n ɕíljɛ̌n); January 1915 -- June 1999) was a general of People's Liberation Army of China and a member of the Central Committee Politburo.	Chen Xilian	1915
date of birth	Richard Felix (born 23 February 1949) is an English paranormal investigator and historian from Stanley, Derbyshire most noted for his appearances on Living TV's Most Haunted series.	Richard Felix	23 February 1949
date of birth	Sir Henry John Stedman Cotton, KCSI (13 September 1845 -- 22 October 1915) had a long career in the Indian Civil Service, during which he was sympathetic to Indian nationalism.	Henry John Stedman Cotton	13 September 1845
date of birth	Govind Prasad Mishra (born 2 August 1949 in Kosta Pawai, Sidhi) is an Indian politician, belonging to Bhartiya Janata Party.	Govind Prasad Mishra	2 August 1949
date of birth	Zerrin Tekindor (born 5 August 1964 in Burhaniye) is a Turkish actress and painter.	Zerrin Tekindor	5 August 1964
date of birth	Bruno Caldini Perone (born 6 July 1987), or simply Bruno Perone, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a centre back for Kerala Blasters FC.	Bruno Perone	6 July 1987
date of birth	Levi Richardson (1851 - April 5, 1879) was an Old West gunman, gambler and buffalo hunter.	Levi Richardson	1851
date of birth	Eeva Turunen (née Viljanen; born 22 June 1933 in Valkjärvi) is a Finnish secondary school teacher and politician.	Eeva Turunen	22 June 1933
date of birth	Alejandra Llaneza (born 31 May 1988) is a Mexican professional golfer who plays on the U.S.-based LPGA Tour.	Alejandra Llaneza	31 May 1988
date of birth	Emile La Sére (1802 -- August 14, 1882) was a member of the U. S. House of Representatives representing the first district in the state of Louisiana.	Emile La Sére	1802
date of birth	Anwar Uddin (Bengali: আনোয়ার উদ্দিন; born 1 November 1981) is an English retired footballer who is the current the manager of Sporting Bengal United.	Anwar Uddin	1 November 1981
date of birth	Martin Nyrop (11 November 1849 -- 18 May 1921) was a Danish architect who designed the Copenhagen City Hall, the Vallekilde Højskole, and the majority of the buildings for the Nordic Exhibition of 1888.	Martin Nyrop	11 November 1849
date of birth	Gunther Hartmann (born 7 December 1966 in Leutkirch) is a German clinical pharmacologist and immunologist.	Gunther Hartmann	7 December 1966
date of birth	Heinrich Freudweiler, a Swiss portrait and genre painter, was born at Zurich in 1755, and was first instructed by H. Wüst; he afterwards studied at the Academies at Düsseldorf and Mannheim, and visited Dresden and Berlin, where he became acquainted with Graf and Chodowiecky.	Heinrich Freudweiler	1755
date of birth	Shola Adewusi (born 1963) is a British actress of stage, screen and radio.	Shola Adewusi	1963
date of birth	Charles Jago (born 1943) is an academic and university administrator.	Charles Jago	1943
date of birth	Jim Merkel (born 1957) is an American author and engineer, who moved from involvement in the military industry to advocating simple living.	Jim Merkel	1957
date of birth	Kari Kuivalainen (born 1961) is a Finnish singer-songwriter, best known for his participation in the 1986 Eurovision Song Contest.	Kari Kuivalainen	1961
date of birth	Petros Matheus dos Santos Araújo (born 29 May 1989), simply known as Petros, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Spanish club Real Betis.	Petros Matheus dos Santos Araújo	29 May 1989
date of birth	John Kittmer (born 6 July 1967) is a British diplomat currently serving as British Ambassador to Greece.	John Kittmer	6 July 1967
date of birth	Zhou Zhonghe (Chinese: 周忠和; born 19 January 1965, in Jiangdu, Jiangsu province) is a Chinese palaeontologist.	Zhou Zhonghe	19 January 1965
date of birth	Dodie Kazanjian (born 1952) is an Armenian-American writer who specializes in the arts.	Dodie Kazanjian	1952
date of birth	Soon-Mi Chung (born 22 February 1952) is a South Korean-born Norwegian musician (viola, violin) and musical director, married to the violinist Stephan Barratt-Due.	Soon-Mi Chung	22 February 1952
date of birth	Mike O'Donaghue (born in 1945) is a former Irish Amateur road racing cyclist.	Mike O'Donaghue	1945
date of birth	Freeman Fulbright (1925-1978) was a reporter and public relations executive, notable for his coverage of Adlai Stevenson's 1952 presidential campaign for the International News Service.	Freeman Fulbright	1925
date of birth	Aurélie Muller (born 7 June 1990) is a French swimmer, who specialized in long-distance freestyle events and open water marathon.	Aurélie Muller	7 June 1990
date of birth	Donald Forster (1934 -- August 8, 1983) was a Canadian academic.	Donald Forster	1934
date of birth	Gertrude Newsome Jackson (born 1923) was an American community activist in the Delta communities via the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee during the African-American Civil Rights Movement.	Gertrude Newsome Jackson	1923
date of birth	Iain Davidson (born 14 January 1984) is a Scottish professional footballer, who is currently at Scottish Championship side Raith Rovers.	Iain Davidson	14 January 1984
date of birth	Sir David Forbes Hendry, FBA (born 6 March 1944) is a British econometrician, currently a professor of economics and from 2001--2007 was Head of the Economics Department at the University of Oxford.	David Forbes Hendry	6 March 1944
date of birth	Sergey Vabishchevich (Russian: Серге́й Вабищевич; Belarusian: Сяргей Вабiшчэвiч; born 15 March 1993) is a Belarusian professional footballer.	Sergey Vabishchevich	15 March 1993
date of birth	Glen Boss (born 21 August 1969 in Caboolture) is an Australian jockey, considered a champion, who is best known for riding Makybe Diva to victory in three consecutive Melbourne Cups - 2003, 2004, and 2005.	Glen Boss	21 August 1969
date of birth	Jean Joseph Emile Létiévant (1830 - Marboz (Ain Department), Lyons -- 1952) was a French surgeon remembered for drawing the first aesthesiography.	Létiévant	1830
date of birth	Rudi Spring (born 17 March 1962) is a German composer of classical music, pianist and academic.	Rudi Spring	17 March 1962
date of birth	Bisera Alikadić (born 8 February 1939) is a contemporary Bosnian poet and author, best known best for her work Larva and Krug.	Bisera Alikadić	8 February 1939
date of birth	James Lance (born 29 September 1975) is an English actor, best known for his appearances in a number of British comedy series.	James Lance	29 September 1975
date of birth	Katherine Wei-Sender (born 4 October 1930), born Yang Xiaoyan (Chinese: 杨小燕), is a Chinese American contract bridge player.	Katherine Wei-Sender	4 October 1930
date of birth	Michel Nandan (born 5 April 1958) is a Monaco-based motor sport executive.	Michel Nandan	5 April 1958
date of birth	David Hathorn (born 21 May 1962) is a South African based businessman and chief executive of Mondi Group.	David Hathorn	21 May 1962
date of birth	Ghanaram Chakrabarty (Bengali: ঘনারাম চক্রবর্তী) (c. 1669-?) was a Bengali poet of the Middle Ages and the greatest contributor to the Dharmamangalkavya tradition of mediaeval Bengali literature.	Ghanaram Chakrabarty	1669
date of birth	Nathaniel Whittock (born 26 January 1791, died 1860) was a Victorian topographical engraver, who published bird's-eye views, e.g. of York (1856), Oxford (1834), Melbourne, Australia (1854), Hull (1855), and London (1845, 1849, 1859).	Nathaniel Whittock	26 January 1791
date of birth	Rudolf Fizir (13 January 1891 -- 11 November 1960) was an airplane constructor.	Rudolf Fizir	13 January 1891
date of birth	Avraham Michaeli (Hebrew: אברהם מיכאלי‎, born 29 March 1957) is an Israeli politician.	Avraham Michaeli	29 March 1957
date of birth	Ernst Zacharias (born 21 June 1924) is a German musician and engineer.	Ernst Zacharias	21 June 1924
date of birth	Bruno Bichir Nájera; (6 October 1967) is a Mexican actor.	Bruno Bichir	6 October 1967
date of birth	Paul Blackman (born 7 December 1958 in Worthing, England) is a British theatrical producer and director.	Paul Blackman	7 December 1958
date of birth	Chief Sagwitch, his name meant ``Orator'', (1822-- March 20, 1887) was born in 1822 on the lower Bear River (in today's Box Elder County, Utah).	Sagwitch	1822
date of birth	Patrizia Deitos (born 11 May 1975 in Rimini, Emilia-Romagna, Italy) is an Italian model.	Patrizia Deitos	11 May 1975
date of birth	Ruth Morris Bakwin, MD (1898 -- July 31, 1985) was a noted pediatrician and child psychologist and the first woman intern at the Fifth Avenue Hospital in New York City (now the New York Medical College).	Ruth Morris Bakwin	1898
date of birth	William John Bainbrigge Fletcher (1879-?) was a British consul at Haikou (at that time romanised as Hoihow) and the author of books on Chinese poetry such as Gems of Chinese Verse and More gems of Chinese poetry (1918, reprinted 1933).	William John Bainbrigge Fletcher	1879
date of birth	Patrick Harran (born 13 July 1969) is an American organic chemist who has held the D. J. & J. M. Cram Chair in Organic Chemistry, an endowed chair at the University of California, Los Angeles, since 2008.	Patrick Harran	13 July 1969
date of birth	Geoff Brabham (born 20 March 1952) is an Australian racing driver.	Geoff Brabham	20 March 1952
date of birth	Bremer Whidden Pond (1884--1959) was an American landscape architect and professor at Harvard University.	Bremer Whidden Pond	1884
date of birth	Masahiko Fujiwara (Japanese: 藤原 正彦 Fujiwara Masahiko; born July 9, 1943 in Shinkyo, Manchukuo (now China)) is a Japanese mathematician, who is best known as an essayist.	Masahiko Fujiwara	1943
date of birth	Daniel Liw (born 24 January 1979) is a Swedish Bandy player who currently plays for Dynamo Moscow as a midfielder.	Daniel Liw	24 January 1979
date of birth	Zwelinzima Vavi (born 20 December 1962) is the former General Secretary of the Congress of South African Trade Unions (COSATU), and Vice-Chairperson of the Millennium Labour Council.	Zwelinzima Vavi	20 December 1962
date of birth	Sperandia (or Sperandea) (1216 -- September 11, 1276) is venerated as a saint by the Catholic Church.	Sperandia	1216
date of birth	George McGorlick (31 January 1916 -- 17 August 2007) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	George McGorlick	31 January 1916
date of birth	Stephen Templin (born 1967, in San Gabriel, California) is a New York Times and international best-selling author.	Stephen Templin	1967
date of birth	Øystein Wiik (born 7 July 1956) is a Norwegian actor, singer, songwriter and novelist.	Øystein Wiik	1956
date of birth	Azzam Tamimi (sometimes spelled Azam Tamimi; born 1955) is a British Palestinian academic and political activist.	Azzam Tamimi	1955
date of birth	Margaret Jackson, AC (born 17 March 1953) is an Australian corporate executive.	Margaret Jackson	17 March 1953
date of birth	Johan Paulik (born 14 March 1975) is the stage name of a Slovak former gay pornographic model.	Johan Paulik	14 March 1975
date of birth	Jim Field Smith (born 20 February 1979) is an English film and television director, writer and producer.	Jim Field Smith	20 February 1979
date of birth	Bill Venter or William Peter Venter (born 29 July 1934 in Johannesburg), is a South African businessman, entrepreneur and industrialist.	Bill Venter	1934
date of birth	Miri Yusif (born 27 October 1977 in Baku, Azerbaijani SSR, USSR), is an Azerbaijani rapper, singer-songwriter.	Miri Yusif	27 October 1977
date of birth	Lee Adamson (born 27 June 1946) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Lee Adamson	27 June 1946
date of birth	Francis Frederick Brandt (1819, Gawsworth Rectory, Cheshire -- 6 December 1874, 8 Figtree Court, Temple, London) was an English barrister and author.	Francis Frederick Brandt	1819
date of birth	Seán Óg Ó hAilpín (born 22 May 1977) is a Fijian-Irish hurler and Gaelic footballer.	Seán Óg Ó hAilpín	22 May 1977
date of birth	Malvina Pereira (1883, Florianópolis -- ?) was a Brazilian soprano.	Malvina Pereira	1883
date of birth	Evandro Adauto da Silva (born 29 May 1980) is a Brazilian footballer as a striker and attacking midfielder.	Evandro Adauto da Silva	29 May 1980
date of birth	Carl Morten Amundsen (born 11 January 1961) is a Norwegian dramaturg and theatre director.	Carl Morten Amundsen	11 January 1961
date of birth	Dallas Raines (born 1954) is an American award-winning chief meteorologist at KABC-TV in Los Angeles and was also certified by the American Meteorological Society (AMS).	Dallas Raines	1954
date of birth	Bapuji Mudgal Deshpande (Marathi: बापुजी मुदगल देशपांडे; 1608--1665) was a general in the early Maratha Empire during the reign of Shivaji.	Bapuji Mudgal Deshpande	1608
date of birth	Milorad Kukoski (born 7 December 1987) is a Macedonian handball player who plays for RK Metalurg Skopje and for the Macedonia national handball team.	Milorad Kukoski	7 December 1987
date of birth	Göran Tunhammar born 22 December 1946 was the Governor of Skåne County from 2006 to 2012.	Göran Tunhammar	22 December 1946
date of birth	Anatoly Donika (born 20 June 1960) is a Russian former professional ice hockey defenceman who was a long-time member of the Sokil Kyiv in the Russian Superleague.	Anatoly Donika	20 June 1960
date of birth	Jean Chastanié (24 July 1875 -- 14 April 1948) was an early twentieth century French middle-distance athlete who specialised in 2500 metres steeplechase.	Jean Chastanié	24 July 1875
date of birth	Pavel Ploc (Czech pronunciation: (ˈpavɛl ˈplots)) (born 15 June 1964) is a Czechoslovakian former ski jumper.	Pavel Ploc	15 June 1964
date of birth	Matthew Marsden (born 3 March 1973) is an English actor, producer, singer, and model.	Matthew Marsden	3 March 1973
date of birth	Dong Qichang (Chinese: 董其昌; pinyin: Dǒng Qíchāng; Wade--Giles: Tung Ch'i-ch'ang; courtesy name Xuanzai (玄宰); 1555--1636), was a Chinese painter, scholar, calligrapher, and art theorist of the later period of the Ming Dynasty.	Dong Qichang	1555
date of birth	Paul Saffo (born 1954 in Los Angeles) is a technology forecaster based in Silicon Valley.	Paul Saffo	1954
date of birth	Thoma Orollogaj (1888--1947) was an Albanian jurist, politician and resistance fighter of World War II.	Thoma Orollogaj	1888
date of birth	Jacquelyn Dowd Hall was born in 1943, oldest of five children and daughter to Jinx Dowd.	Jacquelyn Dowd Hall	1943
date of birth	Jackie Forster (née Jacqueline Moir Mackenzie; 6 November 1926 -- 10 October 1998) was an English news reporter and lesbian rights activist.	Jackie Forster	6 November 1926
date of birth	Susan Andersen (born 1950) is an American writer of romance novels since 1989.	Susan Andersen	1950
date of birth	Anthony R. Suarez (born 1967) is a New Jersey attorney and has served as Mayor of Ridgefield, New Jersey since 2004.	Anthony R. Suarez	1967
date of birth	Robbie Buchanan (born 1957) is a Canadian keyboardist, songwriter, arranger, and producer.	Robbie Buchanan	1957
date of birth	Elias Nassar (born 25 October 1960 in Sarba, Lebanon) is the current eparch of the Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Sidon.	Elias Nassar	25 October 1960
date of birth	Robert Hall, the elder (1728--1791) was an English Particular Baptist minister, known as an opponent of hyper-Calvinism.	Robert Hall, the elder	1728
date of birth	Cornelia Scheffer (née Lamme; 23 April 1769 -- 4 July 1839) was a Dutch painter and portrait miniaturist.	Cornelia Scheffer	1769
date of birth	Dorothy Hyman (born 9 May 1941) is a retired English sprinter.	Dorothy Hyman	9 May 1941
date of birth	Ignaz Friedrich Tausch (1793, Theusing -- 1848) was a Bohemian botanist.	Ignaz Friedrich Tausch	1793
date of birth	Sergei Petrovich Mitrofanov (Russian: Сергей Петрович Митрофанов, 25 September 1915 - 24 October 2003) was a Russian scientist in the field of industrial engineering.	Sergei Petrovich Mitrofanov	25 September 1915
date of birth	Grégoire Ndahimana (born 1952) is the former mayor of Kivumu, Rwanda.	Grégoire Ndahimana	1952
date of birth	Carlo Cecere (7 November 1706 -- 15 February 1761) was an Italian composer of operas, concertos and instrumental duets including, for example, some mandolin duets and a concerto for mandolin.	Carlo Cecere	7 November 1706
date of birth	Suetonius Grant Heatly (sometimes spelled as Heatley) (1751--1793) was a judge employed by the British East India Company and, with John Sumner, established what is considered to be the first coal mine in India.	Suetonius Grant Heatly	1751
date of birth	Khalil Madovi (born 10 November 1997) is an English actor and rapper from Sale, Greater Manchester who plays Josh Carter on the 4 O'Clock Club.	Khalil Madovi	10 November 1997
date of birth	Zhu Xingliang (Chinese: 朱兴良; born 1959) is a Chinese entrepreneur, the founder of Suzhou Gold Mantis Construction Decorationn, an interior design and decoration company.	Zhu Xingliang	1959
date of birth	Halil Altındere (born in 1971 in Mardin, lives in Istanbul) is a contemporary artist focusing on the resistance to repressive structures and marginalization within official systems of representation, such as humorously manipulating state documents and official insignia such as flags, passports and banknotes.	Halil Altındere	1971
date of birth	Bruno Ghedina (born 21 February 1943) is a retired Italian ice hockey player who competed at the 1964 Winter Olympics.	Bruno Ghedina	21 February 1943
date of birth	Brian Ulrich (born 1971) is an American photographer known for his photographic exploration of consumer culture.	Brian Ulrich	1971
date of birth	Pernilla Lindberg (born 13 July 1986) is a Swedish professional golfer on the U.S.-based LPGA Tour and the Ladies European Tour.	Pernilla Lindberg	13 July 1986
date of birth	Ghiyasuddin Azam Shah (Bengali: গিয়াসউদ্দীন আজম শাহ; 1390--1411 CE) was the third Sultan of the first Iliyas Shahi dynasty of Bengal.	Ghiyasuddin Azam Shah	1390
date of birth	Nissim Mossek (Hebrew: ניסים מוסק‎; born 1948) is an Israeli documentary film director, writer and producer for film and television.	Nissim Mossek	1948
date of birth	Jamie Moul (born 26 September 1984) is an English professional golfer who became the third man to top the World Amateur Golf Ranking on 13 February 2007.	Jamie Moul	26 September 1984
date of birth	Arthur Campbell Burt (c. 1892 -- April 6, 1950) was a veterinarian and political figure in Ontario.	Arthur Campbell Burt	1892
date of birth	Pragyan Ojha (born 5 September 1986) is an Indian cricketer who plays for Indian national cricket team.	Pragyan Ojha	5 September 1986
date of birth	Claudia Schmidt (born 1953) is a musician, originally from New Baltimore, Michigan, who has recorded folk, jazz, blues, and spoken word albums.	Claudia Schmidt	1953
date of birth	John Constandinou (born 16 July 1972) is an athlete who competes internationally for Cyprus in the event of racewalking.	John Constandinou	16 July 1972
date of birth	Santosh Danve (born 15 December 1986)is Youngest Member of 13th Maharashtra Legislative Assembly belongs to Bhartiya Janata Party.	Santosh Danve	15 December 1986
date of birth	Antonio Pio Saracino (Italian pronunciation: (anˈtɔːnjo ˈpiːo saraˈtʃiːno); born 1976) is an Italian architect and designer based in New York City.	Antonio Pio Saracino	1976
date of birth	Isaías Cortés Berumen (born 14 October 1972) is a Mexican politician affiliated with the PAN.	Isaías Cortés Berumen	14 October 1972
date of birth	Kamil Giżycki (born 19 August 1893 at Grybów, 19 April 1968 at Wrocław) was a Polish writer and traveler.	Kamil Giżycki	19 August 1893
date of birth	Clodagh Rodgers (born 5 March 1947) is a singer and actress from Northern Ireland, best known for her hit singles including, ``Come Back and Shake Me'' and ``Jack in the Box''.	Clodagh Rodgers	5 March 1947
date of birth	Bruno Leibundgut (* 1. April 1960 ) is a Swiss astronomer born in Basel.	Bruno Leibundgut	1. April 1960
date of birth	Edwin Henry Mason Smith (also known as Henry Smith) is a former Jeweller Edwin Henry Mason Smith was born at 6 Constantine Street, in Plymouth, Devonshire on 20 July 1886.	Edwin Henry Mason Smith	20 July 1886
date of birth	Stina Svensson (born 1970) is a Swedish politician, and since March 2011 spokesperson of the Feminist Initiative party, serving together with Gudrun Schyman and Sissela Nordling Blanco.	Stina Svensson	1970
date of birth	Domenik Osen (1891--1970), also known as Erwin Dom Osen and Mime Van Osen, was an Austrian mime artist.	Erwin Dom Osen	1891
date of birth	Rob van Empel (born 17 July 1941) is a retired Dutch breaststroke swimmer.	Rob van Empel	17 July 1941
date of birth	Fernando De Luca (born in Rome in 1961) is an Italian harpsichordist, teacher and composer.	Fernando De Luca	1961
date of birth	Daryl Wiberg (born 1951) was a Canadian politician who served in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan from 1999 to 2003, as a Saskatchewan Party member for the constituency of Saskatchewan Rivers.	Daryl Wiberg	1951
date of birth	Leonel Romero (born 28 January 1987) is a Peruvian football defender, currently playing for Swiss club Young Fellows Juventus.	Leonel Romero	28 January 1987
date of birth	Pál Romány (born 17 November 1929) is a Hungarian agrarian engineer and former Communist politician, who served as Minister of Agriculture and Food between 1975 and 1980.	Pál Romány	17 November 1929
date of birth	Danny Russell (born 24 December 1969) is a rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s, playing at representative level for Scotland, playing at the 2000 Rugby League World Cup, and at club level for Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles, Carlisle, and Huddersfield, as a Hooker.	Danny Russell	24 December 1969
date of birth	Vassilis Mazomenos (Greek: Βασίλης Μαζωμένος; born 1964, Athens) is an acclaimed producer, Scriptwriter and director .	Vassilis Mazomenos	1964
date of birth	Gabriel Levin, poet and translator, the son of the American novelist Meyer Levin (best known for Compulsion, the first ``non-fiction novel'') and French novelist Tereska Torres, was born in France in 1948.	Gabriel Levin	1948
date of birth	Richie Gudgeon (born 1980 in Gulgong, NSW) is an Australian actor, known for his role as Aaron Welles in the television soap opera Home and Away from 1997 to 1999.	Richie Gudgeon	1980
date of birth	Wong Kew-Lit, born June 1971, is a prolific Malaysian born director/producer.	Wong Kew-Lit	June 1971
date of birth	Martin Rössel (born 8 April 1959), is a Swedish musician and producer.	Martin Rössel	8 April 1959
date of birth	Mark Mandy (born 19 November 1972) is a retired Irish high jumper who grew up in England and competed for the Republic of Ireland by virtute of the fact he had a grandfather from Dublin.	Mark Mandy	19 November 1972
date of birth	Silvia Dimitrova (Bulgarian: Силвия Димитрова) (born 1970) in Pleven) is an icon painter.	Silvia Dimitrova	1970
date of birth	Germaine Arnaktauyok (b. 1946) is an Inuk printmaker, painter, and drawer originating from the Igloolik area of Nunavut, then the Northwest Territories.	Germaine Arnaktauyok	1946
date of birth	Vinayagamoorthy Muralitharan (nom de guerre: Colonel Karuna Amman; Tamil: விநாயகமூர்த்தி முரளிதரன், born 1966) is a Sri Lankan politician and former militant.	Vinayagamoorthy Muralitharan	1966
date of birth	Jani Allan (born 11 September 1952) is a South African author and columnist.	Jani Allan	11 September 1952
date of birth	Fausto Poli (17 February 1581 -- 7 October 1653) was a Roman Catholic prelate and Cardinal.	Fausto Poli	17 February 1581
date of birth	Dan Whitehurst (born in Los Banos, California in 1948), was a California politician.	Dan Whitehurst	1948
date of birth	Joshua Livestro (born 16 December 1970 in Amersfoort) is a Dutch columnist and political writer.	Joshua Livestro	16 December 1970
date of birth	James O'Kelly (born 1735; died October 16, 1826 in Chatham County, North Carolina) was an American clergyman during the Second Great Awakening and an important figure in the early history of Methodism in America.	James O'Kelly	1735
date of birth	Shane Kenward (born 7 March 1972) is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s, playing at club level for Gold Coast Chargers, St. George Dragons, Salford, Wakefield Trinity and North Queensland Cowboys, as a Stand-off/Five-eighth.	Shane Kenward	7 March 1972
date of birth	Abraham Lishinsky (1905--1982) is an American artist of the 20th Century, a painter and playwright, best known for seven murals completed for the federally funded agencies of the New Deal programs of the 1930s and 1940s.	Abraham Lishinsky	1905
date of birth	Lera Lynn (born December 5, 1984) is an American singer, songwriter, musician, and actress.	Lera Lynn	1984
date of birth	Kenny Dyer (born 7 September 1964) is a football player and former coach of the national team of Montserrat.	Kenny Dyer	7 September 1964
date of birth	Captain Ralph Dominic Gamble MC was born in Simla, India in 1897.	Ralph Dominic Gamble	1897
date of birth	Loïc Duval (Pronounced: i/loʊˈiːk duːˈvæl/ LOH-eek DOO-val, born 12 June 1982) is a French professional racing driver.	Loïc Duval	12 June 1982
date of birth	Hugh Calkins (February 20, 1924 -- August 4, 2014) was an American lawyer and educator, who served as a member of the Harvard Corporation from 1968 to 1985.	Hugh Calkins	1924
date of birth	Katie Fforde, née Catherine Rose Gordon-Cumming (born 27 September 1952), is a British romance novelist.	Katie Fforde	27 September 1952
date of birth	Samuel Cotes (1734--1818) was a younger brother of Francis Cotes, R.A..	Samuel Cotes	1734
date of birth	Johan Östblom (born 21 April 1982) is a Swedish bandy player who plays for the Russian club SKA-Neftyanik.	Johan Östblom	21 April 1982
date of birth	James R. Von Ehr II (born in 1950) is an American programmer, inventor and entrepreneur.	James R. Von Ehr II	1950
date of birth	Geoff Plant, QC (born c. 1956) is a British Columbia lawyer and retired politician known for his interest in citizen's legal and electoral rights and aboriginal rights.	Geoff Plant	1956
date of birth	Matt Shipway (born 11 September 1985) is an American Australian former professional rugby league footballer and current coach of the Port Macquarie Sharks.	Matt Shipway	11 September 1985
date of birth	Rainer Seegers (born 6 August 1952 in Dessau), is a German percussionist, timpanist of the Berlin Philharmonic, tutor of the European Union Youth Orchestra and guest professor at the Hochschule für Musik ``Hanns Eisler''.	Rainer Seegers	6 August 1952
date of birth	Madeleine Grynsztejn (born 1962) is the Pritzker Director of the Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago.	Madeleine Grynsztejn	1962
date of birth	Anders Gløersen (born 22 May 1986) is a Norwegian cross-country skier who has competed since 2005.	Anders Gløersen	22 May 1986
date of birth	Valdemar Adolph Thisted (28 February 1815 -- 14 October 1887) was a Danish writer, translator and priest.	Valdemar Adolph Thisted	28 February 1815
date of birth	Mauro Gilardi (born 21 December 1982) is an Italian professional football player.	Mauro Gilardi	21 December 1982
date of birth	Pierre-Georges Roy, KCSG, FRSC (23 October 1870 -- 4 November 1953) was a Canadian journalist, historian, and archivist.	Pierre-Georges Roy	23 October 1870
date of birth	Dele Young (born 18 April 1964 in Boston, Massachusetts) is a former professional tennis player from the United States who represented Kenya at the 1982 Wimbledon Championships.	Dele Young	18 April 1964
date of birth	Bibhuti Bhushan Nayak (born 1965) is an Indian journalist, who holds seven Guinness World Records and 12 Limca Book Records in physical strength to his name.	Bibhuti Bhushan Nayak	1965
date of birth	Boby Techi (Hindi: बोबी तेची) (born 9 January 1990) is an Indian indie pop-folk singer-songwriter and actor.	Boby Techi	9 January 1990
date of birth	Uuno Kailas, born Frans Uno Salonen (29 March 1901 -- 22 March 1933) was a Finnish poet, author, and translator.	Uuno Kailas	29 March 1901
date of birth	Christina Cock (née Clay; 25 December 1887 -- 22 May 2002) is recorded as the oldest verified supercentenarian in Australian history, aged 114 years, 148 days when she died.	Christina Cock	25 December 1887
date of birth	Karl-Ludwig Barths (born 13 May 1920) is a former German officer and businessman who lived and worked for nearly a decade in Canada.	Karl-Ludwig Barths	13 May 1920
date of birth	Ali Özkaya (born 20 April 1970) is a Turkish politician and lawyer from the Justice and Development Party (AKP), who has served as a Member of Parliament for Afyonkarahisar since 7 June 2015.	Ali Özkaya	20 April 1970
date of birth	Jean-Armand de Bessuéjouls Roquelaure (Lassouts, Aveyron 24 February 1721 -- 23 April 1818), was Archbishop of Mechelen, Belgium.	Jean-Armand de Bessuéjouls Roquelaure	24 February 1721
date of birth	Peter Elyakim Taussig (born 1944) is a Czechoslovak-Israeli-Canadian-American composer, author, video artist, pianist, comedian, and developer of music technology tools.	Peter Elyakim Taussig	1944
date of birth	Sidney Colônia Cunha (28 June 1935 -- 16 April 2011), commonly known as Chinesinho, was a Brazilian footballer who played at both professional and international levels, as a midfielder.	Chinesinho	28 June 1935
date of birth	Christian Schoen (born 1970 in Marburg) is a German art historian and curator.	Christian Schoen	1970
date of birth	Philip Pembroke Stephens (1903--1937) was a journalist, foreign correspondent for the Daily Express and the Daily Telegraph.	Philip Pembroke Stephens	1903
date of birth	Sean Matgamna, also known as John O'Mahony (born 1941), is a Trotskyist theorist.	Sean Matgamna	1941
date of birth	Chad Davidson (born 1970 in Southern California) is an American poet and translator.	Chad Davidson	1970
date of birth	Dimitris Tsiogas (Greek: Δημήτρης Τσιόγκας) (born 1956 in Dolichi, Elassona - died 2010 in Larissa) was a Greek politician.	Dimitris Tsiogas	1956
date of birth	John Criscitello (born 1967 Binghamton, New York) is a multimedia video artist currently residing in Seattle, Washington.	John Criscitello	1967
date of birth	Wilton Taylor (1869- January 24, 1925) was an American stage and silent screen actor.	Wilton Taylor	1869
date of birth	Khalid Amayreh (Arabic: خالد عمايرة‎, b. 1957 Hebron) is a Palestinian journalist based in Dura, near Hebron.	Khalid Amayreh	1957
date of birth	Just Bing Ebbesen (17 April 1847 -- 24 May 1929) was a Norwegian priest and politician.	Just Bing Ebbesen	17 April 1847
date of birth	Jeff Torrington (31 December 1935 -- 11 May 2008) was a novelist from Glasgow in Scotland.	Jeff Torrington	31 December 1935
date of birth	Cecil Augusta (born 1920) is an American Delta blues singer and guitarist, recorded by Alan Lomax in Memphis, Tennessee in 1959.	Cecil Augusta	1920
date of birth	Shervin Radjabali-Fardi (Persian: شروین رجب‌علی‌فردی) (born 17 May 1991) is an Iranian-German footballer who plays for German 3.	Shervin Radjabali-Fardi	17 May 1991
date of birth	Timothy Garton Ash CMG FRSA (born 12 July 1955) is a British historian, author and commentator.	Timothy Garton Ash	12 July 1955
date of birth	Herbert William Charles Kempton Dyson, M.I.Struct.E. (1880--1944), known professionally as H. Kempton Dyson, was an English structural engineer, civil engineer, architect, editor and author who specialised in reinforced concrete structures.	H. Kempton Dyson	1880
date of birth	Masataka Yanagida, born 4 June 1979 in Tokyo, is a Japanese racing driver.	Masataka Yanagida	4 June 1979
date of birth	Alenka Godec (born 5 November 1964 in Ljubljana) is a Slovenian jazz and pop singer.	Alenka Godec	5 November 1964
date of birth	Sibel Redžep (Turkish: Sibel Recep, Macedonian: Сибел Реџеп) (born 12 December 1987, Radoviš, Socialist Republic of Macedonia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Macedonian-born Swedish pop singer of Turkish descent.	Sibel Redžep	12 December 1987
date of birth	Amol Rajan (born 4 July 1983) is the editor of The Independent newspaper.	Amol Rajan	4 July 1983
date of birth	Theodor Landscheidt (Bremen, 1927 -- May 20, 2004) was a German author, astrologer and amateur climatologist.	Theodor Landscheidt	1927
date of birth	Michael Mallory (born in Port Huron, Michigan in 1955) is a writer on the subjects of animation and post-war pop culture, and the author of the books X-Men:	Michael Mallory	1955
date of birth	Christina Lamb OBE (born 15 May 1966) is a British journalist who is currently Foreign Correspondent for The Sunday Times.	Christina Lamb	15 May 1966
date of birth	Nico Neidhart (born 27 September 1994) is a German footballer who plays for FC Schalke 04 II. He made his debut for the club in August 2012, as a substitute for Marcus Piossek in a 3--0 away defeat to Stuttgarter Kickers.	Nico Neidhart	27 September 1994
date of birth	Ara Bartlett (born Bethany, Pennsylvania, 1825; died after 1880) was an American lawyer and judge who was the second Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Dakota Territory.	Ara Bartlett	1825
date of birth	Oyuunbatyn Bayarjargal (Mongolian: Оюунбатын Баяржаргал; born 16 August 1989) is a Mongolian international footballer.	Oyuunbatyn Bayarjargal	16 August 1989
date of birth	Otar Arveladze (Georgian: ოთარ არველაძე; born 3 January 1992) is a Georgian footballer playing currently for Sakartvelos Universiteti in Meore Liga.	Otar Arveladze	3 January 1992
date of birth	Igor Štuhec (born 15 December 1932) is a contemporary Slovenian composer, who lives in Ljubljana and Maribor.	Igor Štuhec	15 December 1932
date of birth	Jacob Willemsz Delff the Younger (1619, Delft -- 1661, Delft), was a Dutch Golden Age portrait painter.	Jacob Willemsz Delff the Younger	1619
date of birth	John Chryssavgis (born 1 April 1958) is an author and theologian who serves as advisor to the Ecumenical Patriarch on environmental issues.	John Chryssavgis	1 April 1958
date of birth	Herbert Rawdon (30 December 1904 - December 1975 in Wichita, Kansas) was an American aviation pioneer.	Herbert Rawdon	30 December 1904
date of birth	Manuel Angelilli (born 5 August 1990) is an Italian footballer, who plays as striker for Prima Divisione club Recanatese.	Manuel Angelilli	5 August 1990
date of birth	Pierre Pescatore (20 November 1919 -- 2 February 2010) was a Luxembourgian professor and a judge at the European Court of Justice.	Pierre Pescatore	20 November 1919
date of birth	Magnus Pegel (or Pegelius or Pegelow) (15 May 1547 -- 1619) was a German doctor and mathematician.	Magnus Pegel	1547
date of birth	Tisavarakumarn Damrong Rajanubhab (สมเด็จพระเจ้าบรมวงศ์เธอ พระองค์เจ้าดิศวรกุมาร กรมพระยาดำรงราชานุภาพ; rtgs: Ditsawarakuman Damrongrachanuphap) (21 June 1862 -- 1 December 1943) was the founder of the modern Thai education system as well as the modern provincial administration.	Damrong Rajanubhab	21 June 1862
date of birth	Jean Chalette (27 December 1581 (baptised) -- 2 October 1643) was a French miniature and portrait painter.	Jean Chalette	1581
date of birth	Yvette Baker (born Yvette Hague, 1968) is Britain's most successful orienteer.	Yvette Baker	1968
date of birth	Sharon Hedrick (born 26 April 1956) is an American former paralympic swimmer, wheelchair racer and wheelchair basketballer.	Sharon Hedrick	26 April 1956
date of birth	Irene Camber or Irene Camber-Corno (born 12 February 1926) is an Italian fencer and Olympic champion in foil competition.	Irene Camber	12 February 1926
date of birth	Patrick Sheane Duncan (born 1947) is an American writer, film producer and director.	Patrick Sheane Duncan	1947
date of birth	Jewgienija Biczugowa (born in 1958) - Russian cross-country skier, since 2010 representing Italy.	Jewgienija Biczugowa	1958
date of birth	J. Revell Carr (born 1939) is an American author, historian, curator and museum director.	J. Revell Carr	1939
date of birth	Lydia Venieri (born 1964) is a Greek artist, and a descendant of the Greek branch of the House of Venier.	Lydia Venieri	1964
date of birth	Ignasi Terraza (born 14 July 1962), is a Catalan jazz pianist.	Ignasi Terraza	14 July 1962
date of birth	Thorsten Becker (born 13 May 1980) is a German footballer, who in 1992 moved from Fortuna Schlangen to SC Paderborn and has played in the club's first-team squad from 2001 to 2009.	Thorsten Becker	13 May 1980
date of birth	Cornelis Danckerts de Ry (1561--1634) was a Dutch Golden Age architect and sculptor.	Cornelis Danckerts de Ry	1561
date of birth	Józef Bielak (1741 in Łowczyce -- 11 June 1794) was a Generał brygady in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth army.	Józef Bielak	1741
date of birth	Sukma Ayu (10 November 1979 -- 25 September 2004) was an Indonesian actor and director who was most noted for playing Rohaye in the popular TV sitcom Kecil Kecil Jadi Manten.	Sukma Ayu	10 November 1979
date of birth	Carl Heins (1859 - 10 September 1923) was a German pianist, and a composer of light salon music in classical music style.	Carl Heins	1859
date of birth	David Browne (born 19 May 1960) is an American journalist and author.	David Browne	19 May 1960
date of birth	Daniel Bar-Tal (Hebrew: דניאל בר-טל‎; born 1946) is an Israeli academic, author and Branco Weiss Professor of Research in Child Development and Education at School of Education, Tel Aviv University.	Daniel Bar-Tal	1946
date of birth	Justin Warfield (born 20 April 1973) is a musician and hip hop emcee of African-American and Jewish Russian-Romanian maternal parentage, who was half of the darkwave duo She Wants Revenge.	Justin Warfield	20 April 1973
date of birth	Andrew Robert Fausset (1821--1910) was an Irish Anglican clergyman, now known as a biblical commentator.	Andrew Robert Fausset	1821
date of birth	Bhairavi Goswami, (born 12 November 1984) is an Indian-born actress, television host and humanitarian.	Bhairavi Goswami	12 November 1984
date of birth	Edward Johnston, CBE (11 February 1872 -- 26 November 1944) was a Uruguayan and British craftsman who is regarded, with Rudolf Koch, as the father of modern calligraphy, in the particular form of the broad edged pen as a writing tool.	Edward Johnston	11 February 1872
date of birth	Jakub Janda (Czech pronunciation: (ˈjakup ˈjanda)) (born 27 April 1978) is a Czech ski jumper.	Jakub Janda	27 April 1978
date of birth	Anthony Fernandes (born 6 July 1936 in Mangalore, Karnataka, India) is the first Bishop of the Diocese of Bareilly, within the Catholic Church in India.	Anthony Fernandes	6 July 1936
date of birth	Eduardo Luís Carloto (or spelt as Carlotto) (born 4 April 1981) is a Brazilian footballer.	Eduardo Luís Carloto	4 April 1981
date of birth	Jan Syrový (24 January 1888 -- 17 October 1970) was a Czechoslovak Army four star general and the prime minister during the Munich Crisis.	Jan Syrový	24 January 1888
date of birth	Li Bifeng (born 1965 in China) is a Chinese activist and poet.	Li Bifeng	1965
date of birth	Tom Switzer (born 1971) is an Australian conservative columnist and foreign policy analyst.	Tom Switzer	1971
date of birth	Tomas Ražanauskas (born 7 January 1976) is a Lithuanian former professional footballer, currently the assistant manager of Daugava Rīga in the Latvian Higher League.	Tomas Ražanauskas	7 January 1976
date of birth	Mary-Estelle Mahuk (née Kapalu born 11 August 1966 in Tanna) is a Vanuatuan athlete.	Mary-Estelle Mahuk	11 August 1966
date of birth	Željko Joksimović, often credited as Zeljko Joksimovic, (pronounced (ʒěːʎko jôksimoʋitɕ); born 20 April 1972) is a Serbian singer, composer songwriter, multi-instrumentalist and producer.	Željko Joksimović	20 April 1972
date of birth	Ali Yassin Mohamed (Somali: Cali Yaasiin Maxamed, Arabic: علي ياسين محمد‎) (born 24 December 1965) is a Somali-Swedish Islamist militant.	Ali Yassin Mohamed	24 December 1965
date of birth	Peter K. Homer (born 1961) of Southwest Harbor, Maine, won $200,000 from NASA for his entry in the Astronaut Glove Challenge.	Peter K. Homer	1961
date of birth	Damiano Cunego (born 19 September 1981 in Cerro Veronese, Veneto) is an Italian professional road racing cyclist who rides for the Italian UCI Pro Continental Nippo--	Damiano Cunego	19 September 1981
date of birth	Sir Thomas Dutton (1 August 1421 -- 23 September 1459) was a medieval English knight.	Thomas Dutton	1 August 1421
date of birth	Franco Chiavarini (born 18 February 1980) is an Argentine footballer	Franco Chiavarini	18 February 1980
date of birth	Kang Jiaqi (Chinese: 康佳琪; pinyin: Kāng Jiāqí; born 19 July 1997) is a Chinese tennis player.	Kang Jiaqi	19 July 1997
date of birth	Connie Keane (born 1930) was an Irish hurler who played as a right wing-back for the Tipperary senior team.	Connie Keane	1930
date of birth	Captain Christopher Becker Greene (1901 - October 20, 1944) was the head of the Greene Line of steamboats after the death of his father.	Christopher Becker Greene	1901
date of birth	Rachel Friend (born 8 January 1970) is an Australian actress and journalist.	Rachel Friend	8 January 1970
date of birth	Lily Renée Wilheim Peters Phillips, (born Lily Renée Wilheim, c. 1925, Vienna, Austria), often credited as L. Renée, Lily Renée, or Reney, is an Austrian-American artist, writer, and playwright.	Lily Renée	1925
date of birth	Léon Kengo Wa Dondo (born Leon Lubicz; 22 May 1935) served as the ``first state commissioner'' (a title equivalent to prime minister) several times under Mobutu Sese Seko in Zaïre.	Léon Kengo	22 May 1935
date of birth	Zahra Amir Ebrahimi (Persian: زهرا اميرابراهيمی‎‎) (born 1981) is an Iranian photographer, television actress and short movies director.	Zahra Amir Ebrahimi	1981
date of birth	Jaiveer Shergill (born 28 June 1983) is a practicing lawyer in the Supreme Court of India and a politician belonging to the Indian National Congress party.	Jaiveer Shergill	28 June 1983
date of birth	Leo Tasker (21 October 1900 -- 1 June 1948) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong and Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Leo Tasker	21 October 1900
date of birth	Nicholas Shackell (also Nick) (born 31 October 1974) is a former freestyle swimmer from Great Britain.	Nicholas Shackell	31 October 1974
date of birth	Ben Dodwell (born 17 April 1972 in Melbourne) is an Australian Olympic medal winning rower.	Ben Dodwell	17 April 1972
date of birth	Kjell Grønhaug (1935) is a Norwegian organizational theorist, management consultant and Professor emeritus of Business Administration at the Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration.	Kjell Grønhaug	1935
date of birth	Fernand Nault, OC, CQ (27 December 1920 -- 26 December 2006) was a Canadian dancer and choreographer.	Fernand Nault	27 December 1920
date of birth	Chen Tianzhuo (Chinese: 陈天灼; born 1985 in Beijing) is a Chinese contemporary artist known for outlandish performance video work and installations.	Chen Tianzhuo	1985
date of birth	Jemima Nicholas (also spelt Niclas; circa 1750 -- July 1832), also known as Jemima Fawr, was a Welsh heroine during the 1797 Battle of Fishguard (commonly known as the last invasion of Britain).	Jemima Nicholas	1750
date of birth	Richard Gaddes (born 23 May 1942) is an English opera company administrator based in the United States.	Richard Gaddes	23 May 1942
date of birth	Yevheniya Vysotska (or spelled as Yevheniya Vysotska or Evgeniya Visockaya) (Ukrainian: Євгенія Висоцька; born 11 December 1975) is a Ukrainian racing cyclist.	Yevheniya Vysotska	11 December 1975
date of birth	Johnathan Lee Iverson (born 1976) became the first African-American ringmaster of a major U.S. circus in 1999 at the age of 22 when he won the position at Ringling Brothers and Barnum and Bailey Circus.	Johnathan Lee Iverson	1976
date of birth	Stipe Žunić (born 13 December 1990) is a Croatian athlete specialising in the shot put, having switched from the javelin throw in 2013.	Stipe Žunić	13 December 1990
date of birth	Giovanna Fratellini (1666 -- 1731) was a Florentine artist during the Baroque period.	Giovanna Fratellini	1666
date of birth	Mayra Montero (born 1952) is a well-known Cuban-Puerto Rican writer.	Mayra Montero	1952
date of birth	Hasan Tahsini (7 April 1811 -- 3 July 1881) also known as Hoxha Tahsin was an Albanian astronomer, mathematician and philosopher.	Hasan Tahsini	7 April 1811
date of birth	Date of birth: 5 September 1949 Bharat Patankar was born in a village called Kasegoan, near Satara and Kolhapur Kolhapur in the State of Maharashtra in India.	Bharat Patankar	5 September 1949
date of birth	Thomas Fisher Unwin (24 January 1848 -- 6 February 1935) was an English publisher who founded the publishing house T. Fisher Unwin in 1882.	Thomas Fisher Unwin	24 January 1848
date of birth	Shadrack Hoff (born 19 May 1973) is a South African runner, twice national men's 5.000 metres champion.	Shadrack Hoff	19 May 1973
date of birth	Michael Hồ Đình Hy (胡廷西; 1808 -- May 22, 1857) was a Vietnamese mandarin official who was martyred for his Roman Catholic belief during the persecutions by Emperor Tự Đức.	Michael Hồ Đình Hy	1808
date of birth	Levi Morgan (born 26 June 1766 in Morgantown, West Virginia) is regarded as one of the greatest frontiersmen in West Virginia history.	Levi Morgan	26 June 1766
date of birth	David Vern Reed (1924--1989) born David Levine, was an American writer, best known for his work on the Batman comic book during the 1950s, in a run that included a revamp of the Batplane in Batman #61 and the introduction of Deadshot in Batman #59.	David Vern Reed	1924
date of birth	Guido Brepoels (born 7 June 1961) is a former Belgian football player who was last managing KFC Esperanza Pelt in the 4th National division C.	Guido Brepoels	7 June 1961
date of birth	Kang Duk-soo (born 18 August 1950 in Seonsan, Gyeongsangbuk-do, South Korea) is a Korean businessman.	Kang Duk-soo	18 August 1950
date of birth	Anna Zofia Mackiewicz (born 17 September 1963) is a Polish politician, and currently is a Member of the Bydgoszcz City Council representing the 6th district.	Anna Zofia Mackiewicz	17 September 1963
date of birth	Gerald Krasner FCA, FABCA (born 1949) was a partner in Bartfields, a corporate recovery firm based in the United Kingdom.	Gerald Krasner	1949
date of birth	Johnathan Staci Kim (born Sung Joon Kim, March 2, 1971) is an American theater, film and television actor.	Johnathan Staci Kim	1971
date of birth	Hasan Arfa (1895 -- 1984) was an Iranian general and ambassador of the Pahlavi dynasty.	Hasan Arfa	1895
date of birth	Edward Ayscu, Ayscough or Askew (1550--1616/17), was an English historian.	Edward Ayscu	1550
date of birth	Bill Serong (born 5 May 1936) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood and North Melbourne in the VFL.	Bill Serong	5 May 1936
date of birth	Hans von Bodeck (1582--1658) was a German diplomat and chancellor of the Hohenzollern Prince-electors of Brandenburg-Prussia.	Hans von Bodeck	1582
date of birth	Mladen Rakčević (born 10 February 1982 in Cetiǌe) is a Montenegrin handballer who plays as a pivot for HC Dobrogea Sud Constanţa in the Division A and the Montenegrin national team.	Mladen Rakčević	10 February 1982
date of birth	Bonnie Adair was born in El Segundo, California in 1952, and started swimming and diving at age 5.	Bonnie Adair	1952
date of birth	Marya Roxx (born Maarja Kivi on 18 January 1986) is an Estonian hard rock/metal singer-songwriter residing in Los Angeles.	Marya Roxx	18 January 1986
date of birth	Robin Lloyd-Jones (born 1934) is a writer of both fiction and non-fiction who grew up in India before being educated at Blundell's School in Devon and Cambridge University where he gained an MA in Social Anthropology.	Robin Lloyd-Jones	1934
date of birth	Liam Lawrence (born 14 December 1981) is a professional footballer who plays as a winger for Bristol Rovers in England's League Two.	Liam Lawrence	14 December 1981
date of birth	Brendan Balfe (born 19 September 1945 in Dublin) is an Irish radio personality, who has been on-air consistently for more than 40 years on RTÉ.	Brendan Balfe	19 September 1945
date of birth	Manuel Pereiras García (born 1950) is the author and translator of numerous plays in English and Spanish.	Manuel Pereiras García	1950
date of birth	Michael Teig (born 1968), is an American poet and a founding editor of the American literary journal, jubilat.	Michael Teig	1968
date of birth	Edward Wooster (1622 in England -- July 8, 1689) was an English early settler of Colonial America, and ``the first permanent settler in Derby'', Connecticut.	Edward Wooster	1622
date of birth	Frank S. Blair (1839 -- January 14, 1899) was a Virginia lawyer who served as Attorney General of Virginia.	Frank S. Blair	1839
date of birth	Ian Kennedy Martin (born 23 May 1936) is a British television scriptwriter.	Ian Kennedy Martin	23 May 1936
date of birth	Manoharan s/o Malayalam (born 13 September 1961) more commonly known as M. Manoharan is a prominent Malaysian lawyer was the State Assemblyman for Kota Alam Shah in the Selangor State Assembly.	M. Manoharan	13 September 1961
date of birth	Pietro Bragaglia (1890 - ?) was an Italian gymnast, best known to be the first Italian flag bearer at the Summer Olympics.	Pietro Bragaglia	1890
date of birth	Cascy Beddow (born 27 July 1982 in Ottawa, Ontario) is a Canadian actor who has appeared in Blade:	Cascy Beddow	27 July 1982
date of birth	Roger Ruskin Spear (born 29 June 1943 in Hammersmith, London) is a multi-instrumentalist (saxophones, clarinet, piano, guitars, percussion) who was a member of the Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band.	Roger Ruskin Spear	29 June 1943
date of birth	David W. Márquez (born 1946 in Janesville, Wisconsin) is an American lawyer and politician, and the former attorney general of the state of Alaska.	David W. Márquez	1946
date of birth	Yehuda Harel (Hebrew: יהודה הראל‎, born 11 November 1934) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for The Third Way between 1996 and 1999.	Yehuda Harel	11 November 1934
date of birth	Rósa Guðmundsdóttir (1795--1855), was an Icelandic poet.	Rósa Guðmundsdóttir	1795
date of birth	Syed Kawsar Jamal who was born in the village of Murshidabad, West Bengal, India on 24 October 1950, is an eminent poet and essayist in Bengali.	Syed Kawsar Jamal	1950
date of birth	Nasir Gebelli (Persian: ناصر جبلی‎‎, also Nasser Gebelli, born 1957) is an Iranian-American programmer and video game developer.	Nasir Gebelli	1957
date of birth	Palle Rømer Fleischer (25 October 1781 -- 4 April 1851) was a Norwegian Military Officer and Government Minister.	Palle Rømer Fleischer	25 October 1781
date of birth	Jack Wild (30 September 1952 -- 1 March 2006) was an English actor, known for his teenage performances as the Artful Dodger in Oliver! (1968) and as Jimmy in the NBC children's television series H.R. Pufnstuf (1969).	Jack Wild	30 September 1952
date of birth	Gerard Tuite (born 1955) was a senior member of the Provisional Irish Republican Army.	Gerard Tuite	1955
date of birth	Thomas Van Hamme (born 10 February 1969) is a radio and TV moderator of the Walloon Broadcaster RTBF.	Thomas Van Hamme	10 February 1969
date of birth	Han Hsiang-ning (born 13 May 1939, Chinese: 韩湘宁; Chinese: 韓湘寧; pinyin: Hán Xiángníng) is a Chinese American artist.	Han Hsiang-ning	13 May 1939
date of birth	Beny Alagem (born 1953 in Israel) is an Israeli American entrepreneur, business executive, hotelier and philanthropist.	Beny Alagem	1953
date of birth	Malcolm Azania (born 1969), is a Kenyan-Canadian novelist, teacher, writer, and journalist who is primarily referred to by his pen name, Minister Faust.	Minister Faust	1969
date of birth	Tímea Szögi (born 20 February 1990 in Szeged) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Békéscsabai Előre NKSE as a playmaker.	Tímea Szögi	20 February 1990
date of birth	Jonathan Clancy (born 12 March 1986) is an Irish hurler who played in a variety of positions but mostly at midfield for the Clare senior team.	Jonathan Clancy	12 March 1986
date of birth	Nathaniel Charles Jacob Rothschild, 4th Baron Rothschild, Bt, OM, GBE, FBA (born 29 April 1936) is a British investment banker and a member of the prominent Rothschild banking family.	Jacob Rothschild, 4th Baron Rothschild	29 April 1936
date of birth	Dary Matera (born 1955) is an America author and newspaper columnist who specializes in real-life casebooks.	Dary Matera	1955
date of birth	Fred Onovwerosuoke (born 1960) is an American composer born in Ghana of Nigerian parents.	Fred Onovwerosuoke	1960
date of birth	Mark Finn (born October 1969) is a science fiction and fantasy writer, essayist, and playwright.	Mark Finn	October 1969
date of birth	Sam Kiley (born 1964), is the Foreign Affairs Editor of Sky News, which he joined in September 2012.	Sam Kiley	1964
date of birth	Azmeraw Bekele Molalign (born 22 January 1986) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner who competes in road running and cross country running competitions.	Azmeraw Bekele	22 January 1986
date of birth	Pete Riley (born 26 February 1969 in Liverpool, England) is a British acoustic rock singer-songwriter and musician.	Pete Riley	26 February 1969
date of birth	Wang Lan (Chinese: 王藍,1922--2003) was a Taiwanese writer, artist and a National Assembly of the Republic of China deputy.	Wang Lan	1922
date of birth	Tomas Evjen (10 October 1972 -- 11 September 2012) was a Norwegian editor, media personality and film producer.	Tomas Evjen	10 October 1972
date of birth	Chen Jianhua (Chinese: 陈建华; pinyin: Chén Jiànhuá; born March 1956) is the current Chairman of the Standing Committee of the Guangzhou People's Congress in the People's Republic of China.	Chen Jianhua	1956
date of birth	Bibbe Hansen (born 1952) is a performance artist, musician, and actress.	Bibbe Hansen	1952
date of birth	Borghese di Piero Borghese, also Borghese di Piero, (1397 -- c. 1463) was an Italian painter of the Florentine School and Renaissance art. He should not be confused with Piero della Francesca whose real name was Pietro Borghese.	Borghese di Piero Borghese	1397
date of birth	Gianluca Temelin (born 5 August 1976) is an Italian association footballer who plays for Reggiana of Lega Pro Prima Divisione.	Gianluca Temelin	5 August 1976
date of birth	Stefan Pac (c. 1587--1640) was a Polish-Lithuanian nobleman, politician and magnate.	Stefan Pac	1587
date of birth	Richard Langmead, born 31 December 1972 in Llantrisant, Rhondda Cynon Taf, Wales, is a former rugby union player.	Richard Langmead	1972
date of birth	Stein Erik Lunde (born 22 November 1953) is a Norwegian novelist, children's writer, biographer and textbook writer.	Stein Erik Lunde	22 November 1953
date of birth	Cristóbal Diatristán de Acuña (1597 -- c. 1676) was a Spanish missionary and explorer.	Cristóbal Diatristán de Acuña	1597
date of birth	Mike Mennard (born 1967 in Ft. Worth, Texas) is a children's recording artist based in Lincoln, Nebraska.	Mike Mennard	1967
date of birth	Masahudu Alhassan (born 1 December 1992) is a Ghanaian international footballer who plays professionally for Italian club Perugia on loan from Udinese, as a left back.	Masahudu Alhassan	1 December 1992
date of birth	Ludwik Holcman (1889- August 1942) was a Jewish-Polish violinist.	Ludwik Holcman	1889
date of birth	Réda Abdenouz (Arabic: رضا عبد النوز‎; born 25 September 1968 in Hussein Dey, Algiers Province) is a retired Algerian middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 metres.	Réda Abdenouz	25 September 1968
date of birth	Dalila Di Lazzaro (born 29 January 1953) is an Italian model, actress and writer.	Dalila Di Lazzaro	29 January 1953
date of birth	Zalathiel Vargas (born 1941) is a Mexican artist best known for his work in underground comix and illustrations.	Zalathiel Vargas	1941
date of birth	Erol Sabancı (born 1938), a member of the Sabancı family, is a billionaire Turkish banker.	Erol Sabancı	1938
date of birth	Lorrie Sprecher (born 18 July 1960) is a writer, musician, and activist.	Lorrie Sprecher	18 July 1960
date of birth	Sarah Langan (born 1974) is an American horror author and three-time Bram Stoker Award winner.	Sarah Langan	1974
date of birth	Thomas Horspool (born about 1830) was a British runner who set several world records in the mile soon after relatively precise running tracks and accurate timing devices came into use in the mid-19th century.	Thomas Horspool	1830
date of birth	Adriënne Herzog (born 30 September 1985) is a Dutch middle- and long-distance runner.	Adriënne Herzog	30 September 1985
date of birth	David Lyttle (born 21 June 1984) is a musician, songwriter, producer, composer and record label owner from Northern Ireland.	David Lyttle	21 June 1984
date of birth	Stephen Bambury (born 1951) is Christchurch-born, Auckland-based abstract painter.	Stephen Bambury	1951
date of birth	Krzysztof Starnawski (born 1968) is a Polish technical and cave diver and International Association of Nitrox and Technical Divers (IANTD), Confédération Mondiale des Activités Subaquatiques (CMAS), French Federation of Speleology (FFS) diving instructor.	Krzysztof Starnawski	1968
date of birth	Jargalyn Tsatsral (Mongolian: Жаргалын Цацрал; born 22 June 1987) is a Mongolian international footballer.	Jargalyn Tsatsral	22 June 1987
date of birth	Dražen Šćuri (7 January 1962) is the acting commander of the Croatian Air Force and Air Defense since 2009.	Dražen Šćuri	7 January 1962
date of birth	Salomon Tandeng Muna (1912 -- January 22, 2002) was a Cameroonian politician of the UNC.	Salomon Tandeng Muna	1912
date of birth	Gyula Kovács (4 October 1875 -- ?) was a Hungarian politician, Member of Parliament, who attempted to assassinate House Speaker István Tisza on 7 June 1912.	Gyula Kovács	4 October 1875
date of birth	Dean Puckett (15 January 1982) is an English activist and documentary filmmaker.	Dean Puckett	15 January 1982
date of birth	Howell Peregrine (30 December 1938 -- 20 March 2007) was a British applied mathematician noted for his contributions to fluid mechanics, especially of free surface flows such as water waves, and coastal engineering.	Howell Peregrine	30 December 1938
date of birth	King Hyeonjong of Joseon (15 March 1641 -- 17 September 1675) was the 18th monarch of the Korean Joseon Dynasty, reigning from 1659 to 1675.	Hyeonjong of Joseon	15 March 1641
date of birth	Cameron Hunter (born 30 March 1984) is a former Australian rules footballer, who played with the Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL) and currently plays with Sandringham in the Victorian Football League (VFL), having previously played with Box Hill.	Cameron Hunter	30 March 1984
date of birth	Finn Bergesen (3 September 1945 -- 11 September 2012) was a Norwegian civil servant and businessperson.	Finn Bergesen	3 September 1945
date of birth	Lewis Nicola (1717 -- August 9, 1807) was an Irish-born French-American military officer, merchant, and writer who held various military and civilian positions throughout his career.	Lewis Nicola	1717
date of birth	Pedro Martínez de Eulate Maestresalas, know also as Martínez de Eulate or Eulate (born 17 August 1979), is a Basque pelota player of hand modality, plays on defense, winner of two doubles tournaments.	Pedro Martínez de Eulate	17 August 1979
date of birth	Gianni Agus (17 August 1917 -- 4 March 1994) was an Italian actor with a career in film, television, and theatre since 1938.	Gianni Agus	17 August 1917
date of birth	Mark Howard James (born October 16, 1961) professionally known as The 45 King (also mistakenly known as DJ Mark the 45 King), is an American hip hop record producer and disc jockey (DJ) from The Bronx borough of New York City.	The 45 King	1961
date of birth	Thomas Möller (born 1964) is a former president of the Hells Angels in Sweden, currently residing in either South Africa or Sweden.	Thomas Möller	1964
date of birth	Alastair King (born 1967) is a British composer, perhaps best known for his music for film and television.	Alastair King	1967
date of birth	Ilya Gringolts (born 2 July 1982 in Leningrad (now St. Petersburg)) is a Russian violinist and composer.	Ilya Gringolts	2 July 1982
date of birth	Mother Mary Bernard Kirwan, P.B.V.M. (1797-27 February 1857), was the leader of the first community of Presentation Sisters in Canada and teacher, .	Mary Bernard Kirwan	1797
date of birth	Dr. Alex Boraine (born 1931) is a South African politician.	Alex Boraine	1931
date of birth	Tenga Rinpoche (1932--2012) was a Tibetan teacher (lama) in the Karma Kagyu tradition.	Tenga Rinpoche	1932
date of birth	Olav Hindahl (17 October 1892, Stavanger -- 14 June 1963, Oslo) was a Norwegian trade unionist and politician for the Labour Party.	Olav Hindahl	17 October 1892
date of birth	Gerlinde Obermeier (1942-1984) was feminist writer known for her critiques on mental health care.	Gerlinde Obermeier	1942
date of birth	Karima Adebibe (born 14 February 1985) is a Moroccan-English actress and fashion model.	Karima Adebibe	14 February 1985
date of birth	Jonathan Zizmor (born 1945) is an American dermatologist in New York City famous for his television commercials and prolific, colorful subway ads promising that ``Now you can have beautiful clear skin!''	Jonathan Zizmor	1945
date of birth	Germán Garrido (born 15 June 1948) is a member of one of Spain's most successful golfing families.	Germán Garrido	15 June 1948
date of birth	Elisabetta Gregoraci (born 8 February 1980) is an Italian fashion model and TV personality.	Elisabetta Gregoraci	8 February 1980
date of birth	Catherine Clarke Fenselau (born 15 April 1939) is an American scientist who was the first trained mass spectrometrist on the faculty of an American medical school; she joined Johns Hopkins School of Medicine in 1968.	Catherine Clarke Fenselau	15 April 1939
date of birth	PiaGrace Moon (born 24 June 1993) is an Australian actress and model, best known for her role as Jasmine in Winners & Losers.	PiaGrace Moon	24 June 1993
date of birth	Béatrice Poulot (born in 1968 in Saint-Denis, Réunion), who performs as simply Béatrice, is a French singer.	Béatrice Poulot	1968
date of birth	James Rodley, (born 20 March 1985 in Auckland) is a rugby union player.	James Rodley	20 March 1985
date of birth	Nikita Wu (born Wu Chi-Ling 巫祈麟, 1975 in Taipei Taiwan) is a Taiwanese writer and arts manager.	Nikita Wu	1975
date of birth	Omar Ahmad Omar al-Hubishi (Arabic: ) (born in 1969 in Saudi Arabia, identified as a Yemeni citizen) became wanted in 2002, by the United States Department of Justice's FBI, which was then seeking information about his identity and whereabouts.	Omar Ahmad Omar al-Hubishi	1969
date of birth	Rupert Loman (born 6 June 1983) is the co-founder (with brother Nick) and current CEO of Gamer Network.	Rupert Loman	6 June 1983
date of birth	Thomas Willoughby (1593-- ?) colonist, born Wollaton, Nottingham, England was one of the first settlers in John Guy's colony at Cuper's Cove, Newfoundland, Canada.	Thomas Willoughby	1593
date of birth	Simione Foliaki (born 10 March 1981 in Tonga) is a Tongan rugby league player who currently plays his club football for the Vaini Doves in the Tonga National Rugby League competition.	Simione Foliaki	10 March 1981
date of birth	Richard Hibbs (1876 -- September 9, 1940) was a farmer, journalist and political figure in Newfoundland.	Richard Hibbs	1876
date of birth	Danny Pang Phat (born 1965) is one of the Pang brothers.	Danny Pang Phat	1965
date of birth	Zalak Desai (born Jhalak Desai; 18 March 1993), is an Indian television actress.	Zalak Desai	18 March 1993
date of birth	Mushtaq Mohammad (Urdu: مشتاق محمد‎; born 22 November 1943) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played in 57 Tests and 10 ODIs from 1959 to 1979.	Mushtaq Mohammad	22 November 1943
date of birth	Ferdinand Humenberger (born 13 February 1897) was an Austrian professional football player and manager.	Ferdinand Humenberger	13 February 1897
date of birth	Cheng Weigao (Chinese: 程维高; September 1933 -- December 28, 2010) was a Chinese politician, best known for his term as the Communist Party Secretary of Hebei province between 1993 and 1998.	Cheng Weigao	September 1933
date of birth	Don Carlos Seitz was an American newspaper manager, born at Portage, Ohio in 1862.	Don Carlos Seitz	1862
date of birth	Terry Hertzler (born in Mansfield, Ohio, in 1949) is an American poet and writer.	Terry Hertzler	1949
date of birth	Ferenc Kónya (1892 - 11 March 1977), also known as Franz Konya and François Konya was a Hungarian football player and coach.	Ferenc Kónya	1892
date of birth	Jeffrey A. Goldstein (born 1955) is a United States banker who was Under Secretary of the Treasury for Domestic Finance from March 27, 2010 to 2011.	Jeffrey A. Goldstein	1955
date of birth	Alessandro Pesci (born 9 October 1960) is an Italian film cinematographer.	Alessandro Pesci	9 October 1960
date of birth	Eliran Atar (born 17 February 1987) is an Israeli professional footballer currently playing for the Israeli Team Maccabi Haifa.	Eliran Atar	17 February 1987
date of birth	Theo Findahl (Theodor Leonard Findahl; 24 August 1891 -- 19 May 1976) was a Norwegian teacher and journalist.	Theo Findahl	24 August 1891
date of birth	Oskar Schmiedel (born in Vienna 30 October 1887--died in Schwäbisch Gmünd 27 December 1959) was a pharmacist, anthroposophist, therapist, Goethean scientist and theosophist.	Oskar Schmiedel	30 October 1887
date of birth	M. K. Hume, (born in 1948) in Ipswich, Queensland, is the written pen-name of Marylin Hume, an Australian author of historical novels set around King Arthur and Merlin.	M. K. Hume	1948
date of birth	Bernard Charreyre (born Perpignan, 27 January 1950) is a French rugby union coach and a former footballer.	Bernard Charreyre	27 January 1950
date of birth	Martin Samuel (Born 25 July 1964) has been a sports columnist for the Daily Mail newspaper and MailOnline since 2009 and a sports columnist for GQ Magazine since 2012.	Martin Samuel	1964
date of birth	Ding Fang (born 1956, in Wugong, Shanxi Province) is a well-known Chinese painter and curator.	Ding Fang	1956
date of birth	Berislav Rončević (born 23 June 1960) is a Croatian politician, and the former Minister of Internal Affairs in the Croatian Government and the Minister of Defense.	Berislav Rončević	23 June 1960
date of birth	Steve Williamson (born 28 June 1964) is an English saxophonist and composer.	Steve Williamson	28 June 1964
date of birth	Orgyen Lingpa (o rgyan gling pa), (1323 -- c. 1360) was one of the greatest Tibetan tertöns or treasure-finders of the 14th century.	Orgyen Lingpa	1323
date of birth	Jason Minett (born 12 August 1971) is a former professional footballer who began his career with Norwich City.	Jason Minett	12 August 1971
date of birth	Frederick Clarendon was born in Dublin around 1820 and received a Bachelor of Arts at Dublin University in 1839.	Frederick Clarendon	1820
date of birth	Neil Record (born 26 June 1953) is a British businessman, author and economist who founded Record Currency Management, one of the earliest specialist currency managers.	Neil Record	26 June 1953
date of birth	Nizamettin Taş (born 1961), also known as Botan Rojhilat , was one of the oldest military commanders of the PKK.	Nizamettin Taş	1961
date of birth	Leonardo Bortolini (born 1977) is a Brazilian handball player who plays for the club Umopar Larrafkl Londrina and the Brazilian national team.	Leonardo Bortolini	1977
date of birth	Lü Siqing (Chinese: 吕思清; born 1969 in Qingdao, Shandong) is a Chinese violinist.	Lü Siqing	1969
date of birth	Stephen Leek (born 1959) is an Australian composer, conductor, educator, and publisher.	Stephen Leek	1959
date of birth	Graham Higgins (born 1953) is a British writer and artist, designer and lecturer.	Graham Higgins	1953
date of birth	Hanne Myren (born 20 March 1973) is a Norwegian film producer and documentarian.	Hanne Myren	20 March 1973
date of birth	William Sumner Appleton, Jr. (1874--1947) was Founder of the Society for the Preservation of New England Antiquities (SPNEA) in 1910.	William Sumner Appleton	1874
date of birth	Forbes Cowan (born 16 October 1964) is a Scottish former strongman competitor and multiple entrant to the World's Strongest Man.	Forbes Cowan	16 October 1964
date of birth	Khristina Kalcheva (Russian: Христина Калчева; born 29 May 1977) is a retired Bulgarian athlete specialising in the high jump.	Khristina Kalcheva	29 May 1977
date of birth	Joseph H. Crawford, Jr. (born 1932) is an American science fiction collector and bibliograper.	Joseph H. Crawford, Jr.	1932
date of birth	Katalin Kristó (born 1 December 1983 in Miercurea Ciuc) is a Romanian short track speed skater of Hungarian ethnicity, who competed at three Winter Olympics in 2002, 2006 and 2010.	Katalin Kristó	1 December 1983
date of birth	Zhang Guangning (simplified Chinese: 张广宁; traditional Chinese: 張廣寧; pinyin: Zhāngguǎngníng; born 1953 in Jiangsu) was the 14th Mayor of Guangzhou, Guangdong province, China, and later Party Secretary of Guangzhou.	Zhang Guangning	1953
date of birth	Jonathan Rennert (17 March 1952) is an English organist, conductor and writer.	Jonathan Rennert	17 March 1952
date of birth	John Phin, born September 9, 1832 (although some resources list his birth year as 1830), in Scotland, died December 29, 1913, in Paterson, New Jersey, was a prolific author and publisher, a teacher of applied science and a Shakespeare scholar.	John Phin	1832
date of birth	Minsoo Kang (born 1967) is a historian and writer.	Minsoo Kang	1967
date of birth	James C. Cacheris (born 1933 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is a judge on the United States District Court in the Eastern District of Virginia.	James C. Cacheris	1933
date of birth	Neeraj Mehta (born 19 October 1972) is a fitness instructor and nutritionist, having worked within the industry for more than three decades.	Neeraj Mehta	1972
date of birth	Tristão da Cunha (sometimes misspelled Tristão d'Acunha; Portuguese pronunciation: (tɾiʃˈtɐ̃w̃ ðɐ ˈkuɲɐ); c. 1460 -- c. 1540) was a Portuguese explorer and naval commander.	Tristão da Cunha	1460
date of birth	Nelson Henderson was born on 24 September 1865, a son of the publisher James Henderson.	Nelson Henderson	24 September 1865
date of birth	Gustavo Balcázar Monzón (born 10 August 1927) is a Colombian lawyer and retired politician.	Gustavo Balcázar Monzón	10 August 1927
date of birth	Hasan Özdemir (born 1 January 1947 in Oğuzeli) is a Turkish former police chief and politician.	Hasan Özdemir	1 January 1947
date of birth	Lars Calmfors (born July 12, 1948 in Stockholm) is a Swedish economist and professor of international economics at the Institute for International Economic Studies at Stockholm University.	Lars Calmfors	1948
date of birth	Ivana Monti (born 20 February 1947) is an Italian stage, television and film actress.	Ivana Monti	20 February 1947
date of birth	Judge Tayseer Qala Awwad (born 1943) is one of the former ministers of justice of Syria.	Tayseer Qala Awwad	1943
date of birth	Muhammad Zuhair Masharqa (1938 -- 23 April 2007) (Arabic: زهير مشارقة‎) was a Syrian politician who served as Vice President of Syria from 1984 to 2006.	Zuhair Masharqa	1938
date of birth	Brian Halweil (born 1975) is an American sustainable food writer and activist.	Brian Halweil	1975
date of birth	Carl Rimmer (born 29 April 1986 in Banbury, England) is a Rugby Union player for Exeter Chiefs in the Aviva Premiershipship.	Carl Rimmer	29 April 1986
date of birth	Paul Howes (born 23 August 1981) was involved in the Australian trade union movement from 1999 through 2014.	Paul Howes	23 August 1981
date of birth	Pavel Krmaš (born 3 March 1980) is a Czech footballer who plays in for FC Hradec Králové.	Pavel Krmaš	3 March 1980
date of birth	Adolphe Van Tiggelen (1914-1969) was a Belgian scientist and professor at the Université Catholique de Louvain (UCL).	Adolphe Van Tiggelen	1914
date of birth	Martin Stokhof (born 1950, Amsterdam) is a Dutch logician and philosopher.	Martin Stokhof	1950
date of birth	Freddy Cadena (born 1963) is an Ecuadorian orchestra conductor, a resident of Russia.	Freddy Cadena	1963
date of birth	Jesse Hartley (21 December 1780 -- 24 August 1860) was Civil Engineer and Superintendent of the Concerns of the Dock Estate in Liverpool, England between 1824 and 1860.	Jesse Hartley	21 December 1780
date of birth	Willem Verstegen (c. 1612 -- 1659) was a merchant in service of the Dutch East India Company and chief trader of factory in Dejima.	Willem Verstegen	1612
date of birth	Kristen Fløgstad (born 11 April 1947) is a former Norwegian athlete from Søgne in Vest-Agder.	Kristen Fløgstad	11 April 1947
date of birth	Azharuddin Mohammed Ismail (Urdu: اظہر الدین محمد اسماعیل‎, Hindi: अजहरुद्दीन मोहम्मद इस्माइल) (born 1998) is an Indian child actor, who played the youngest version of Salim Malik in the Oscar-winning film Slumdog Millionaire (2008), for which he won a Screen Actors Guild Award.	Azharuddin Mohammed Ismail	1998
date of birth	Marcos Garbellotto Pedroso (born 4 October 1993), commonly known as Marquinhos Pedroso, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a left back for Figueirense.	Marquinhos Pedroso	4 October 1993
date of birth	Gabriël Metsu (1629--1667) was a Dutch painter of history paintings, still lifes, portraits and exquisite genre works.	Gabriël Metsu	1629
date of birth	Michael Hogben (born 6 November 1952) is an English auctioneer and antiques dealer, who has appeared in the BBC series Bargain Hunt and his own series ``Auction Man.''	Michael Hogben	6 November 1952
date of birth	Leanne Rowe (born 1982) is an English actress and singer, known for portraying Nancy in Oliver Twist, May Moss in Lilies and Baby in Dirty Dancing:	Leanne Rowe	1982
date of birth	Diwan Chaman Lall (1892 - c.1973) was an Indian politician and diplomat who served as a Member of the Rajya Sabha.	Diwan Chaman Lall	1892
date of birth	Ang Wei Neng (Chinese: 洪维能; pinyin: Hóng Wéinéng; born 31 March 1967) is a Singaporean politician.	Ang Wei Neng	31 March 1967
date of birth	Jan Huyghen van Linschoten (1563 -- 8 February 1611) was a Dutch merchant, trader and historian.	Jan Huyghen van Linschoten	1563
date of birth	Li Hejun (Simplified Chinese 李河君) (born 1967) is a Chinese businessman, chairman of Hanergy.	Li Hejun	1967
date of birth	Manuel Sima Ntutumu Bindang (born 31 December 1988), simply Sima, is a naturalized Equatoguinean football striker, who plays for Utrillas in the Spanish Aragonese Regional Preferente (Group 2).	Manuel Sima	31 December 1988
date of birth	Mihael Zmajlović (born 19 January 1978) is a Croatian economist and politician who currently serves as a minister at Ministry of Environmental Protection and Nature at the Cabinet of Zoran Milanović.	Mihael Zmajlović	19 January 1978
date of birth	Craig McKellar (born 8 December 1949) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond and Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1970s.	Craig McKellar	8 December 1949
date of birth	Jérôme Guihoata (born 7 October 1994) is a Cameroonian international footballer who currently plays for Nîmes Olympique as a centre back.	Jérôme Guihoata	7 October 1994
date of birth	Finn Bjelke (born 10 April 1959) is a popular Norwegian humourist, writer, music journalist and radio host.	Finn Bjelke	10 April 1959
date of birth	Shane Hobbs (born 30 April 1985) is a former professional footballer, who played in The Football League for Bristol Rovers in 2003, and played as a striker for Greyfriars Athletic.	Shane Hobbs	30 April 1985
date of birth	Mauro Gioia (born 4 May 1966) is a Neapolitan singer and director.	Mauro Gioia	4 May 1966
date of birth	Martin Whitelaw (born 22 May 1976) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Fremantle Dockers between 1997 and 1998.	Martin Whitelaw	22 May 1976
date of birth	August David Krohn (1803--1891) was a Saint Petersburg born zoologist of German origin.	August David Krohn	1803
date of birth	Nwankwo Kanu, OON (born 1 August 1976), or simply Kanu, is a retired Nigerian footballer who played as a striker.	Nwankwo Kanu	1 August 1976
date of birth	Stepan Sapah-Gulian was born in Djahri, a village just north of Nakhichevan on 14 February 1861.	Stepan Sapah-Gulian	14 February 1861
date of birth	Graeme Moyle (born 1 July 1954) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Graeme Moyle	1 July 1954
date of birth	Antoine Henri Becquerel (15 December 1852 -- 25 August 1908) was a physicist, Nobel laureate, and the discoverer of radioactivity.	Henri Becquerel	15 December 1852
date of birth	Monica Shannon (1890--1965) was a Canadian-born American children's author.	Monica Shannon	1890
date of birth	Winston Branch (born in 1947) is a British artist originally from Saint Lucia, the sovereign island in the Caribbean Sea.	Winston Branch	1947
date of birth	Huw Price (born 17 May 1953) is an Australian philosopher, currently the Bertrand Russell Professor in the Faculty of Philosophy, Cambridge, and a Fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge.	Huw Price	17 May 1953
date of birth	Oz Raly (Hebrew: עוז ראלי‎; born 22 December 1987) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays for Ironi Kiryat Shmona.	Oz Raly	22 December 1987
date of birth	Kamran Panjavi (Persian: کامران پنجوی‎, born 6 February 1975) is a British-Iranian weightlifter.	Kamran Panjavi	6 February 1975
date of birth	Naseeb Abdul Juma (born 2 October 1989), popularly known by his stage name Diamond Platnumz (or simply Diamond), is a Bongo Flava recording artist and singer from Tanzania.	Diamond Platnumz	2 October 1989
date of birth	Natalio Hernández Hernández (born 27 July 1947), also known as Natalio Hernández Xocoyotzin and by the pseudonym José Antonio Xokoyotsij, is a Mexican Nahua intellectual and poet, from the state of Veracruz.	Natalio Hernández	27 July 1947
date of birth	John Nicolas Rea, 3rd Baron Rea, commonly known as Nicolas Rea (born 6 June 1928), a British peer, doctor and politician.	Nicolas Rea, 3rd Baron Rea	6 June 1928
date of birth	Stefano Cristiani, (born 4 November 1958) is an Italian astronomer and astrophysicist.	Stefano Cristiani	4 November 1958
date of birth	Janine François (born 1 January 1989) is a Tobagonian soccer midfielder.	Janine François	1 January 1989
date of birth	Doug Rees (12 February 1923 -- 2000) was a Welsh professional footballer.	Doug Rees	12 February 1923
date of birth	Johannes Juul (27 October 1887 -- 5 November 1969) was a Danish engineer who is remembered for the important part he played in the development of wind turbines.	Johannes Juul	27 October 1887
date of birth	Erwin Hymer (27 July 1930 -- 12 April, 2013) was a German businessman, and the founder of the motorhome manufacturer Hymer.	Erwin Hymer	27 July 1930
date of birth	Walter Schütz (25 October 1897 -- between 27 and 29 March 1933) was a German communist politician.	Walter Schütz	25 October 1897
date of birth	Wesley Korir (born 15 November 1982, in Kitale, Trans-Nzoia District) is a Kenyan elected Member of Parliament for Cherangany Constituency (4 March 2013 elections) and a long distance runner who specializes in road running competitions.	Wesley Korir	15 November 1982
date of birth	Graham Duff (born 13 April 1964) is an English writer, actor and producer.	Graham Duff	13 April 1964
date of birth	Michael Bierut (born 1957) is a graphic designer, design critic and educator.	Michael Bierut	1957
date of birth	Sidney Mark Ujakpor Sánchez (born 18 January 1987 in Madrid) is a Spanish athlete specializing in the 400 metres and 400 metres hurdles.	Mark Ujakpor	18 January 1987
date of birth	Ali Asghar Pashapour Alamdari (Persian: علی اصغر پاشاپور علمداری‎; born 24 October 1951) is an Iranian fencer.	Ali Asghar Pashapour	24 October 1951
date of birth	Enrique Ruiz Guiñazú (14 October 1884 - 13 November 1967) was an Argentinean politician who is best remembered for his spell as Minister of Foreign Affairs, International Trade and Worship in the 1940s.	Enrique Ruiz Guiñazú	14 October 1884
date of birth	Ramón Beňo (born 5 March 1989 in Nitra), better known by his stage name Rakby, is a Slovak rapper, currently cooperating mainly with fellow Slovak rapper Bacil.	Rakby	5 March 1989
date of birth	Ji Hongchang (Chinese: 吉鴻昌; 1895--1934), born Ji Hengli, was a Chinese general and patriot.	Ji Hongchang	1895
date of birth	Roni Bar-On (Hebrew: רוני בר-און‎, born 2 June 1948) is an Israeli politician and lawyer.	Roni Bar-On	2 June 1948
date of birth	Vasyl Semeniuk (born 2 July 1949) is the eparch of the Eparchy of Ternopil - Zboriv, an eparchy of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church.	Vasyl Semeniuk	2 July 1949
date of birth	Zheng Keshuang (13 August 1670 -- 22 September 1717), courtesy name Shihong (實弘), pseudonym Huitang (晦堂), was the third ruler of the Kingdom of Tungning in Taiwan in the 17th century.	Zheng Keshuang	13 August 1670
date of birth	Meir Talmi (Hebrew: מאיר תלמי‎, born 1909, died 18 November 1994) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment and Mapam between 1974 and 1981.	Meir Talmi	1909
date of birth	Václav Kalina (born 15 July 1979) is a Czech football player who plays as a midfielder for FK Mladá Boleslav in the Gambrinus Liga, the top Czech league.	Václav Kalina	15 July 1979
date of birth	Johanna Vuoksenmaa (born 21 September 1965 in Hämeenlinna) is a Finnish television and film director and screenwriter who has also worked as a photographer, installation artist and a teacher.	Johanna Vuoksenmaa	21 September 1965
date of birth	Raila Kerkelä (née Hovi; born 13 June 1941 in Vehkalahti) is a Finnish orienteering competitor.	Raila Kerkelä	13 June 1941
date of birth	Ji Baocheng (Chinese: 纪宝成; pinyin: Jì Bǎochéng; born November 1944) is a Chinese educator, and the former President of Renmin University of China.	Ji Baocheng	1944
date of birth	Tayyibe Gülek (born 1968, Adana) is a Turkish economist and politician.	Tayyibe Gülek	1968
date of birth	Akhil Gupta (born 1959) is an Indian-American anthropologist whose research has focused on the anthropology of the state and of development, as well as on postcolonialism.	Akhil Gupta	1959
date of birth	Giuseppe Capotondi (born 1968) is a director of music videos and commercials signed to Oil Factory in USA and Factory Films in the United Kingdom.	Giuseppe Capotondi	1968
date of birth	Alexander Boden (28 May 1913 -- 19 December 1993) AO Hon DSc FAA, was a:	Alexander Boden	28 May 1913
date of birth	Tamás Sáringer-Kenyeres (born 1961) is a Hungarian agronomist and politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) from Fidesz--	Tamás Sáringer-Kenyeres	1961
date of birth	Ajay Navaria (born 1972, Delhi) is the author of two collections of short stories, Patkatha aur Anya Kahaniyan (2006) and Yes Sir (2012), and a novel, Udhar ke Log (2008).	Ajay Navaria	1972
date of birth	Tristán Ulloa (born 6 May 1970) is a Spanish actor, writer, and director.	Tristán Ulloa	6 May 1970
date of birth	Adel Al Toraifi (Arabic: عادل الطريفي) (born 1979) is a Saudi journalist and a specialist in Middle Eastern affairs, focusing on Saudi-Iranian relations and foreign policy decision making in the Arab states of the Persian Gulf.	Adel Al Toraifi	1979
date of birth	Dame Isobel Cripps, GBE (25 January 1891 -- 11 April 1979), also known as Lady Cripps, was a British overseas aid organiser and the wife of Sir Stafford Cripps.	Isobel Cripps	25 January 1891
date of birth	Hermann Greulich (9 April 1842 - 8 November 1925), was a Swiss socialist politician.	Hermann Greulich	9 April 1842
date of birth	Hillel Weiss (born 1945) is a professor emeritus of literature at Bar Ilan University in Israel.	Hillel Weiss	1945
date of birth	Nur Fasha Sandha binti Hassan (born 28 March 1984) or commercially known as Fasha Sandha is a Malaysian actress who has appeared in movies, television shows, and commercials.	Fasha Sandha	28 March 1984
date of birth	Nanne Meyer (born on 12 April 1953 in Hamburg), is a German artist.	Nanne Meyer	12 April 1953
date of birth	Rena Kornreich Gelissen, born Rena Kornreich (24 August 1920 -- 8 August 2006), was a Polish-born Jew, known for her memoir, Rena's Promise:	Rena Kornreich Gelissen	24 August 1920
date of birth	Chen Sixi (Chinese: 陈斯喜; pinyin: Chén Sīxĭ; born February 1958) is a Chinese politician..	Chen Sixi	1958
date of birth	Jan Boutmy (born 10 December 1930) is a Dutch Antillean fencer.	Jan Boutmy	10 December 1930
date of birth	Frank Evers Beddard FRS FRSE (19 June 1858 -- 14 July 1925) was an English zoologist.	Frank Evers Beddard	19 June 1858
date of birth	Randy Wayne White (born 1950) is an American writer of crime fiction and non-fiction adventure tales.	Randy Wayne White	1950
date of birth	Chris Vinante (born Christian Vinante Giovannini, Trento 5 May 1977) is an Italy-born Singer/DJ/Events Organizer, director of the Green Room Club and a Conservative Party (UK) Activist.	Chris Vinante	5 May 1977
date of birth	Hugh Strahan (born 24 June 1945) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the late 1960s and early 1970s.	Hugh Strahan	24 June 1945
date of birth	Datla Satyanarayana Raju, better known as D. S. Raju M.B.B.S., L.R.C.P., M.R.C.S., M.R.C.P.(London) (born 28 August 1904, date of death unknown) was an Indian Parliamentarian.	Datla Satyanarayana Raju	28 August 1904
date of birth	Ettore Blasi (born 18 March 1895, date of death unknown) was an Italian long-distance runner, mainly specialized in marathon.	Ettore Blasi	18 March 1895
date of birth	Václav Horák (27 September 1912 -- 15 November 2000) was a Czech football player and later football manager.	Václav Horák	27 September 1912
date of birth	Keith Webber (5 January 1943 -- 26 September 1983) was a Welsh footballer.	Keith Webber	5 January 1943
date of birth	Kevin Budden (1930 - July 28, 1950) was an amateur Australian herpetologist and snake hunter.	Kevin Budden	1930
date of birth	Tengiz Sigua (born 9 November 1934) is a Georgian politician and former Prime Minister of the country.	Tengiz Sigua	9 November 1934
date of birth	Stig Grenov (born 1961) is a Danish teacher and politician.	Stig Grenov	1961
date of birth	J. Max Bond, Jr. (1935 -- February 18, 2009) was one of a small number of prominent African-American architects.	J. Max Bond, Jr.	1935
date of birth	Fouad Said (born 1933) is an Egyptian American producer, cinematographer and filmmaker.	Fouad Said	1933
date of birth	Karin Mannewitz (née Herbsleb on 15 November 1939) is a retired German gymnast.	Karin Mannewitz	15 November 1939
date of birth	Mahmoud al-Zahar (Arabic: محمود الزهار‎ Maḥmūd az-Zahhār) (born 1945) is a Palestinian politician.	Mahmoud al-Zahar	1945
date of birth	Kristin Lie (born 13 December 1978) is a Norwegian former footballer who played as a striker for Trondheims-Ørn between 1999 and 2013.	Kristin Lie	13 December 1978
date of birth	Nylon Chen (Chinese: 陳乃榮; pinyin: Chén Nǎiróng; born 20 May 1981) is a Taiwanese singer and actor.	Nylon Chen	20 May 1981
date of birth	Danny Chapman (born 21 November 1974) is a retired professional footballer who played in the football league with Millwall and Leyton Orient.	Danny Chapman	21 November 1974
date of birth	Jens Galschiøt, (Born 4 June 1954), is a Danish sculptor best known for the Pillar of Shame.	Jens Galschiøt	4 June 1954
date of birth	Edward Ward, 4th Viscount Bangor DL (23 February 1827 -- 14 September 1881), styled The Honourable from September 1827 until 1837, was an Irish peer and Conservative politician.	Edward Ward, 4th Viscount Bangor	23 February 1827
date of birth	László Hoffmann (born 29 June 1958 in Tés) is a Hungarian former handball goalkeeper.	László Hoffmann	29 June 1958
date of birth	Ben Volavola (born 13 January 1991, in Sydney) is an Australian-born Fijian international rugby union footballer who plays as either a fly-half or full back.	Ben Volavola	13 January 1991
date of birth	John G. Stower (1791 Madison, Madison County, New York -- December 19, 1851 in Chittenango, Madison Co., NY) was an American lawyer and politician from New York and Florida.	John G. Stower	1791
date of birth	Gabriel Fernandes (born 22 April 1988) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Mumbai City FC in the Indian Super League on loan from Dempo of the I-League.	Gabriel Fernandes	22 April 1988
date of birth	Benigno Montoya Muñoz (1865--1929) was a Mexican architect, sculptor and painter.	Benigno Montoya Muñoz	1865
date of birth	Noadiah Johnson (1795 Connecticut -- April 4, 1839 Albany, New York) was a U.S. Representative from New York.	Noadiah Johnson	1795
date of birth	Robert Ferrigno (born 1947) is an American author of crime novels and of speculative fiction.	Robert Ferrigno	1947
date of birth	Olav Torstein Seiersten (born 22 February 1931 in Brandbu, Oppland) is a Norwegian former speed skater.	Torstein Seiersten	22 February 1931
date of birth	Sir Herbert Harley Murray KCB (4 November 1829 -- 22 March 1904) was a Scottish colonial governor.	Herbert Harley Murray	4 November 1829
date of birth	Faranak Margolese (born 1972) is an American writer, best known as the author of Off the Derech, a book about contemporary assimilation in the Orthodox Jewish world.	Faranak Margolese	1972
date of birth	Robin Washington is an American journalist and filmmaker, born in Chicago in 1956.	Robin Washington	1956
date of birth	Joseph Nasmith (22 April 1850 - 8 December 1904) was a British consulting textile engineer, editor of the Textile Recorder and author, known for his work on the history and state of the art of the textile industry, particularly cotton spinning and cotton mill construction and engineering.	Joseph Nasmith	22 April 1850
date of birth	Rosemary Rapaport (29 March 1918 in St Albans -- 8 June 2011 in Olney) was a violinist and music teacher who founded the Purcell School for musically gifted children.	Rosemary Rapaport	29 March 1918
date of birth	Merton Sandler (28 March 1926 -- 24 August 2014) was a British professor of chemical pathology and a pioneer in biological psychiatry.	Merton Sandler	28 March 1926
date of birth	Giorgos Papasideris (Greek: Γιώργος Παπασιδέρης 14 September 1902 -- 8 October 1977) was a Greek singer, composer, and lyricist of Arvanite origin.	Giorgos Papasideris	14 September 1902
date of birth	Ali İhsan Su (born 25 June 1959) is a Turkish bureaucrat who has served as the 12th Governor of Şırnak since February 2015, having been appointed by President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on the recommendation of the Turkish Government.	Ali İhsan Su	25 June 1959
date of birth	James Vasquez (born c. 1972), also known as Pedro James Vasquez, is an American actor, writer, and director.	James Vasquez	1972
date of birth	Foss O. Eldred (1884--1956) was Attorney General of Michigan in 1946 when he was appointed to fill out an unexpired term.	Foss O. Eldred	1884
date of birth	John Kosgei, (born 15 July 1973) is a Kenyan athlete who specializes in middle- and long-distance running.	John Kosgei	15 July 1973
date of birth	Ola Cohn (born Carola Cohn; 25 April 1892 -- 23 December 1964) was an Australian artist, author and philanthropist best known for her work in sculpture in a modernist style and famous for her Fairies Tree in the Fitzroy Gardens, Melbourne.	Ola Cohn	25 April 1892
date of birth	James Cranfield, 2nd Earl of Middlesex (1621 -- 16 September 1651), styled Lord Cranfield from 1622 until 1645, was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1640 and inherited his peerage in 1645.	James Cranfield, 2nd Earl of Middlesex	1621
date of birth	Gheorghe Mihali (born 9 December 1965) is a retired Romanian football defender and current manager.	Gheorghe Mihali	9 December 1965
date of birth	Jonas Gonçalves Oliveira (born 1 April 1984), known simply as Jonas (Brazilian Portuguese: (ˈʒõːnais)), is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club Benfica as a striker.	Jonas Gonçalves Oliveira	1 April 1984
date of birth	Nathan Eagleton (born 10 November 1978) is a former professional Australian rules footballer in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Nathan Eagleton	10 November 1978
date of birth	Roger De Vlaeminck (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈrɔʒɛi də ˈvlamɪnk); born 24 August 1947) is a Belgian former professional racing cyclist.	Roger De Vlaeminck	24 August 1947
date of birth	Nadia Davy (born 24 December 1980) is a track and field athlete, competing internationally for Jamaica.	Nadia Davy	24 December 1980
date of birth	General Gregor MacGregor (24 December 1786 -- 4 December 1845) was a Scottish soldier, adventurer and confidence trickster who from 1821 to 1837 attempted to draw British and French investors and settlers to ``Poyais'', a fictional Central American territory he claimed to rule as ``Cazique''.	Gregor MacGregor	24 December 1786
date of birth	Sinead Matthews (born 1980) is an English actress.	Sinead Matthews	1980
date of birth	Emir Suljagić (born 21 May 1975 in Serbia then Yugoslavia) is the author of Postcards from the Grave, a first-hand account of the 1995 Srebrenica Massacre and life in the besieged enclave in north-eastern Bosnia before the UN ``safe area'' fell to the Bosnian Serb Army.	Emir Suljagić	21 May 1975
date of birth	John Emanuel (born 5 April 1948), is a former Wales international footballer.	John Emanuel	5 April 1948
date of birth	Marek Zuziak (born 11 January 1995) is a Slovak football striker who currently plays for the Corgoň Liga club Žilina.	Marek Zuziak	11 January 1995
date of birth	Ali F. Bilir (born in 1945 in Gülnar, Mersin, Turkey) is a poet, author and critic, and an active member of Turkish Authors Association.	Ali F. Bilir	1945
date of birth	Mohammed Allal Sinaceur (born 1941) is a Moroccan philosopher, politician and writer.	Mohammed Allal Sinaceur	1941
date of birth	Joydeep Sircar (born 1947) is a mountaineer and mountain historian.	Joydeep Sircar	1947
date of birth	Jack Cowin (born 1942) is a Canadian/Australian businessman who owns Hungry Jack's, the Burger King franchise in Australia and is the Executive Chairman of Competitive Foods Australia, one of the country's largest privately held businesses.	Jack Cowin	1942
date of birth	Floortje Mackaij (born 18 October 1995) is a Dutch professional road racing cyclist riding for Team Liv-Plantur.	Floortje Mackaij	18 October 1995
date of birth	Wu Lei (Chinese: 武磊; pinyin: Wǔ Lěi, born 19 November 1991) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Shanghai SIPG in the Chinese Super League.	Wu Lei	19 November 1991
date of birth	Fabio Ochoa Restrepo (``Don Fabio'' 1923--2002) was a Paso Fino enthusiast, rancher, businessman, and patriarch of a notorious Colombian crime family associated with the Medellín drug cartel of Pablo Escobar.	Fabio Ochoa Restrepo	1923
date of birth	Ajitesh Bandopadhyay (Bengali: অজিতেশ বন্দোপাধ্যায়; born: 30 September 1933 - October 13, 1983) was an actor, playwright, activist and director.	Ajitesh Bandopadhyay	30 September 1933
date of birth	Manuel Galduf (born 1942 in Llíria (València)) is a Spanish Orchestra Conductor.	Manuel Galduf	1942
date of birth	Richard Ziman (born 1942) is a prominent real estate investor, philanthropist, and Democratic party donor in Southern California.	Richard Ziman	1942
date of birth	Thomas Harrison, Lord of Gobion's Manor, (1568-1625) was an English Lord and Noble.	Thomas Harrison, Lord of Gobion's Manor	1568
date of birth	Jonas Pipynė (30 November 1935 in Biržai -- 23 September 1997 in Vilnius) was a Lithuanian track and field runner and skier.	Jonas Pipynė	30 November 1935
date of birth	Indraadip Dasgupta (born 17 January 1973) is an Indian film music composer.	Indraadip Dasgupta	17 January 1973
date of birth	Muhammad Sulayman al-Ahmad (1905 or 1907 -- August 19, 1981) (Arabic: محمد سليمان الأحمد‎), better known by his pen name Badawi al-Jabal (Arabic: بدوي الجبل‎), was a Syrian poet known for his work in the neo-classical Arabic form.	Badawi al-Jabal	1905
date of birth	Ahmet Kutsi Karadoğan (born 16 March 1973, Akçadağ, Malatya) is a composer, pop music singer and song writer often known as Kutsi.	Ahmet Kutsi Karadoğan	16 March 1973
date of birth	April Brandley (née Letton; born 19 April 1990) is an Australian netball player.	April Brandley	19 April 1990
date of birth	Alfredo S. G. Taylor (1872-1947) was an architect, of the New York firm Taylor & Levi.	Alfredo S. G. Taylor	1872
date of birth	Félix Manuel Cano (born 26 April 1966 in Barcelona) is a former Spanish baseball pitcher and first baseman with CB Viladecans and the Spanish national baseball team.	Félix Manuel Cano	26 April 1966
date of birth	Lesly St. Fleur (born 21 March 1989) is a Bahamian international soccer player, who currently plays as a striker for Jamaican Premier League side Montego Bay United.	Lesly St. Fleur	21 March 1989
date of birth	Matt McGovern (born 20 September 1984 in Belfast, United Kingdom) is an Irish sailor.	Matt McGovern	20 September 1984
date of birth	Eric Potts (born 13 September 1965), is a Scottish actor, writer and director, who had parts in Coronation Street, as eccentric baker Diggory Compton, the father of Molly Compton, and Brookside as Wrexham Football Club Supporter, Mr Moore.	Eric Potts	13 September 1965
date of birth	Branko Karačić (born 24 September 1960) is a Croatian retired footballer and football manager.	Branko Karačić	24 September 1960
date of birth	Wyndham John Albery, FRS (5 April 1936 -- 3 December 2013) was a British physical chemist and academic.	John Albery	5 April 1936
date of birth	Simon Cope (born 22 March 1966) is an English former professional cyclist from Sevenoaks, Kent.	Simon Cope	22 March 1966
date of birth	Sander Lantinga (born 27 September 1976 in Biddinghuizen) is a Dutch program maker at BNN, and a radio-DJ at radio station 3FM from 2006 till 2015, in August 2015 he is one of the co host of the Coen en Sander Show on Radio 538.	Sander Lantinga	27 September 1976
date of birth	Ana Lya Uriarte (born 17 July 1962) is the current Chief of the Cabinet of The Presidency elected by Michelle Bachelet in her second presidential period.	Ana Lya Uriarte	17 July 1962
date of birth	Prince Rashid bin Hassan (born May 20, 1979 in Amman, Jordan) is a member of the Jordanian royal family.	Prince Rashid bin Hassan	1979
date of birth	Late Pt. Vishwanath Rao Ringe 'Tanarang' born on 6 December 1922 was a Hindustani Classical Music vocalist and composer.	Vishwanath Rao Ringe	6 December 1922
date of birth	Zvi Dershowitz (born 1928) is an American rabbi, and is currently Rabbi Emeritus at Sinai Temple in Los Angeles.	Zvi Dershowitz	1928
date of birth	Kathleen McArthur (1915--2001), was an Australian naturalist, writer, botanical illustrator and conservationist.	Kathleen McArthur	1915
date of birth	Ray Helle (born 1917) is an artist who was born in New York City and trained as a cartoonist at the Pratt Institute.	Ray Helle	1917
date of birth	Glenn Dennis (March 24, 1925 - April 28, 2015 ) was a founder of the International UFO Museum and Research Center in Roswell, New Mexico, which opened in September 1991, and self-professed witness to the 1947 Roswell UFO incident.	Glenn Dennis	1925
date of birth	Rob Lacey (1962-2006) was a British actor, storyteller and author of The Word on the Street (formerly The Street Bible) and The Liberator.	Rob Lacey	1962
date of birth	Emerson R. Boyles (June 29, 1881--November 30, 1960) was an American lawyer and judge.	Emerson R. Boyles	1881
date of birth	François Walthéry (born 17 January 1946 in Argenteau near Liège) is a Belgian comics artist, best known for his series featuring an adventurous flight attendant, Natacha.	François Walthéry	17 January 1946
date of birth	Paul Pîrjol (born 29 October 1990) is a Romanian former weightlifter, amateur boxer and armwrestler, and currently professional strongman competitor and entrant to the World's Strongest Man competition.	Paul Pîrjol	29 October 1990
date of birth	Flemming Lund (born 6 October 1952) is a former Danish professional football player in the midfielder position, who played both in Europe and the United States.	Flemming Lund	6 October 1952
date of birth	Hiroyuki Miyazawa (Japanese: 宮沢 大志, born 12 October 1991) is a Japanese cross-country skier.	Hiroyuki Miyazawa	12 October 1991
date of birth	Denise O'Sullivan (born 4 February 1994) is an Irish international footballer who plays for Glasgow City of the Scottish Women's Premier League.	Denise O'Sullivan	4 February 1994
date of birth	César Augusto Rivas Lasso (born 28 June 1979) is a Colombian-born Equatoguinean-naturalised football striker who recently played for Alfonso Ugarte de Puno in the Peruvian Segunda División.	César Augusto Rivas	28 June 1979
date of birth	Sir Titus Martins Adesoji Tadeniawo Aderemi I, alias Adesoji Aderemi, KCMG (15 November 1889 -- 7 July 1980), was a Nigerian political figure and Yoruba traditional ruler as the Ooni (King) of Ife (or Ilé-Ifẹ̀, as it is properly known) from 1930 until 1980.	Adesoji Aderemi	15 November 1889
date of birth	Harri Roschier (born 1957) Helsinki is a Finnish entrepreneur.	Harri Roschier	1957
date of birth	Nina Munteanu (born 1954 in Granby, Quebec) is a Canadian ecologist and novelist of science fiction and fantasy.	Nina Munteanu	1954
date of birth	Rekin Teksoy (1928 -- May 30, 2012) was a Turkish lawyer, author and translator.	Rekin Teksoy	1928
date of birth	Lee Bailey (born 10 July 1972) is a Scottish professional footballer, who played in the Scottish Football League for Hibernian, Meadowbank Thistle / Livingston, Queen of the South, Brechin City, Stirling Albion and East Fife.	Lee Bailey	10 July 1972
date of birth	Levi Colbert (1759--1834), also known as Itawamba in Chickasaw, was a leader and chief of the Chickasaw in the American Southeast.	Levi Colbert	1759
date of birth	Grete Treier (born 12 December 1977) is an Estonian road bicycle racer.	Grete Treier	12 December 1977
date of birth	Eleanor Stackhouse Atkinson (1863 -- November 4, 1942) was an American author, journalist and teacher.	Eleanor Stackhouse Atkinson	1863
date of birth	Lin Mosei (Chinese: 林茂生; pinyin: Lín Màoshēng; born October 30, 1887, disappeared March 11, 1947) was a Taiwanese academic, educator, and the first Taiwanese to receive a Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) degree.	Lin Mosei	1887
date of birth	Christian Nissen aka Hein Mück (1893 -- after 1955) was a German sailor and yachtsman, who served with the Abwehr and its special forces, the Brandenburgers in World War II.	Christian Nissen	1893
date of birth	Annie Preece (born February 23, 1981) AKA ``Love Annie'' is an American visual artist, public speaker and comedian who lives and works in Los Angeles, California.	Annie Preece	1981
date of birth	Atilla Engin (b. 1946 Kayseri Turkey) is a Turkish American fusion jazz musician.	Atilla Engin	1946
date of birth	Ayanleh Souleiman (born 3 December 1992), also known as Hassan Ayanleh, is a Djiboutian middle distance runner who specialises in the 1500 metres.	Ayanleh Souleiman	3 December 1992
date of birth	Şükrü Halûk Akalın (born 22 January 1956) is a Turkish academic and bureaucrat who served as head of the Turkish Language Association (TLA) from 2001 to 2012.	Şükrü Halûk Akalın	22 January 1956
date of birth	Ross Dyer (born 20 December 1977) is a British sports and entertainment broadcaster.	Ross Dyer	20 December 1977
date of birth	Michael McCreadie (born 24 February 1946 in Glasgow) is a Paralympian with successes in lawn bowls and wheelchair curling.	Michael McCreadie	24 February 1946
date of birth	Oladipo Omishore (born 17 July 1986), professionally known as Dot da Genius, is an American record producer and mixing engineer from Brooklyn, New York City.	Dot da Genius	1986
date of birth	Francis Arthur Bather FRS (17 February 1863, in Richmond upon Thames -- 20 March 1934) was a British palaeontologist, geologist and malacologist.	Francis Arthur Bather	17 February 1863
date of birth	George Gao (Chinese: 高韶青; pinyin: Gāo Sháoqīng, born 1967) is a Chinese-born erhu player and composer.	George Gao	1967
date of birth	Morten Rutkjær Kristensen (born 17 March 1974) is a Danish former football player and current manager currently in charge of B93.	Morten Rutkjær	17 March 1974
date of birth	Angga Pratama (born 5 December 1991) is an Indonesian badminton player in men's doubles.	Angga Pratama	5 December 1991
date of birth	Kailash Chandra Meher (born 22 January 1954) is an Indian artist, inventor, social activist.	Kailash Chandra Meher	22 January 1954
date of birth	Florian Orth (born 24 July 1989 in Schwalmstadt) is a German athlete specialising in the middle-distance events, primarily the 1500 metres.	Florian Orth	24 July 1989
date of birth	Kenneth Jack AM MBE RWS, (5 October 1924 -- 10 June 2006) was an Australian watercolour artist who specialised in painting the images of an almost forgotten outback life; old mine workings, abandoned ghost towns, decaying farm buildings.	Kenneth Jack	5 October 1924
date of birth	Edward Lovett (1852--1933) was an English folklorist, recognised for his collections of charms, amulets, and objects used in children's games.	Edward Lovett	1852
date of birth	Vladimir Lazarević (Serbian Cyrillic: Владимир Лазраревић; 23 March 1949) is a Serbian colonel general of the Third Army Corps, and later the commander of the Priština Corps of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.	Vladimir Lazarević	23 March 1949
date of birth	Caterina, or Catharina van Hemessen (1528 -- after 1587) was a Flemish Renaissance painter.	Catharina van Hemessen	1528
date of birth	Colin Sylvia (born 8 November 1985) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Melbourne and Fremantle Football Clubs in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Colin Sylvia	8 November 1985
date of birth	Wally Taylor (1864 -- November 10, 1922), was a professional baseball player and manager in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.	Wally Taylor	1864
date of birth	Virginia Oldoini, Countess of Castiglione (22 March 1837 -- 28 November 1899), better known as La Castiglione, was born to an aristocratic family from La Spezia.	Virginia Oldoini, Countess of Castiglione	22 March 1837
date of birth	Theodor Berkelmann (17 April 1894 -- 28 December 1943) was a German general, who held the rank of Obergruppenführer during World War II.	Theodor Berkelmann	17 April 1894
date of birth	James Trotman (born 1979) is a British tennis player who retired early from tennis due to ongoing injuries.	James Trotman	1979
date of birth	Tom Kempinski (born 24 March 1938) is an English playwright and actor.	Tom Kempinski	24 March 1938
date of birth	Andrej Kotljarchuk (born 1968, Soviet Union) is a Swedish historian of Belarusian descent.	Andrej Kotljarchuk	1968
date of birth	Bernard Toohey (born 18 February 1963) is a former Australian rules footballer who played during the 1980s and early 1990s as a defender.	Bernard Toohey	18 February 1963
date of birth	Bill Noble (1884--1937) was a pioneer Australian international representative rugby league footballer.	Bill Noble	1884
date of birth	Mercedes Franco (Maturín, 3 November 1948) is a Venezuelan author and novelist.	Mercedes Franco	3 November 1948
date of birth	Dorit Aharonov (Hebrew: דורית אהרונוב‎; born 1970) is an Israeli computer scientist specializing in quantum computing.	Dorit Aharonov	1970
date of birth	Aris Alexandrou (Greek: Άρης Αλεξάνδρου; real name: Αριστοτέλης Βασιλειάδης, Aristotelis Vasiliadis; 24 November 1922 -- 2 July 1979) was a Greek novelist, poet and translator.	Aris Alexandrou	24 November 1922
date of birth	Giordano Berti (born 27 February 1959) is an Italian writer and teacher of History of Arts.	Giordano Berti	27 February 1959
date of birth	Dr. Shridhar Bhaskar Warnekar was Sanskrit scholar born in Nagpur, India, on 31 July 1918.	Shridhar Bhaskar Warnekar	31 July 1918
date of birth	Leland I. Anderson (born 1928) is a technical writer and electrical engineer who lives in Denver, Colorado.	Leland I. Anderson	1928
date of birth	Damian Nabot (born Buenos Aires, 1970) is an investigative reporter and non-fiction author.	Damian Nabot	1970
date of birth	John Elliot Drinkwater Bethune (1801--1851), previously John Elliot Drinkwater, a barrister and law member of the Governor-General's Council, was an Anglo-Indian lawyer and a pioneer in promoting women's education in 19th-century India.	John Elliot Drinkwater Bethune	1801
date of birth	Joseph Wiggins FRGS (3 September 1832--13 September 1905) was an English mariner, born at Norwich into a family of mailcoach operators.	Joseph Wiggins	1832
date of birth	Konstantinos Kaznaferis (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Καζναφέρης; born 22 June 1987) is a Greek footballer.	Konstantinos Kaznaferis	22 June 1987
date of birth	James Wines (born 1932) is an American artist and architect associated with environmental design.	James Wines	1932
date of birth	Ken McLeod (born 1948) is a senior Western translator, author and teacher of Tibetan Buddhism.	Ken McLeod	1948
date of birth	William de Warenne, 3rd Earl of Surrey (1119--1148) was an Anglo-Norman nobleman who fought in England during the Anarchy and generally remained loyal to King Stephen.	William de Warenne, 3rd Earl of Surrey	1119
date of birth	Jeanette Söderholm, born 1967, is a Swedish singer of Jamaican origin.	Jeanette Söderholm	1967
date of birth	Sheng Zhimin (born 1969) is a Chinese filmmaker from Beijing.	Sheng Zhimin	1969
date of birth	Yaroslav Vatamanyuk (Ukrainian: Ярослав Петрович Ватаманюк) (born 25 May 1963 in Zhydachiv Raion, Lviv Oblast) is a retired Soviet football player and current Ukrainian coach.	Yaroslav Vatamanyuk	25 May 1963
date of birth	Brian Nankervis (born in 1956) is an Australian writer, film and television producer, and comedian.	Brian Nankervis	1956
date of birth	Sha Wenhan (simplified Chinese: 沙文汉; traditional Chinese: 沙文漢; pinyin: Shā Wénhàn; 1908--1964), was a Chinese historian, revolutionary, educator and politician.	Sha Wenhan	1908
date of birth	Jorge Daniel Castro Castro (born 1950 in Mocoa, Putumayo) is a Colombian former General of the Colombian National Police and business administrator graduated from the Cooperative University and the Inter-American Defense College.	Jorge Daniel Castro	1950
date of birth	William Yallup, Sr. (born September 1926, Ellensburg, Washington) - (died June 17, 2006, Toppenish, Washington) was a longtime leader of the Yakama Nation.	William Yallup	September 1926
date of birth	Hans Jørgen Darre Hirsch (19 October 1911 -- 21 July 1992) was a Norwegian barrister and shipping executive.	Hans Jørgen Darre Hirsch	19 October 1911
date of birth	Natalie Jeremijenko (born 1966) is an artist and engineer whose background includes studies in biochemistry, physics, neuroscience and precision engineering.	Natalie Jeremijenko	1966
date of birth	Natallia Tsylinskaya (Russian: Наталья Цилинская, born 30 August 1975) is an international cyclist, specialising in track sprinting.	Natallia Tsylinskaya	30 August 1975
date of birth	Kroum Pindoff (Bulgarian: Крум Пиндов) (1915 -- 16 January 2013) was a Bulgarian Canadian businessman.	Kroum Pindoff	1915
date of birth	Sophie von Hellermann (born 1975, Munich) is an artist based in London who gained a fine art degree at the Royal College of Art. Von Hellerman has shown work internationally in exhibitions including ``Dear Painter...	Sophie von Hellerman	1975
date of birth	Anna Pavord (born 20 September 1940, Abergavenny) is the gardening correspondent for The Independent and the author of a number of books on plants and gardening.	Anna Pavord	20 September 1940
date of birth	Arvid Torgeir Lie (born 18 August 1938 in Tokke) is a Norwegian poet, writer of short stories and translator.	Arvid Torgeir Lie	18 August 1938
date of birth	Henry Rosewell was born on 1 November 1590 at Forde Abbey in Devon (Forde Abbey is in the parish of Thorncombe which was transferred from Devon to Dorset in 1842).	Henry Rosewell	1 November 1590
date of birth	Robert Seeley, also Seely, Seelye, or Ciely, (1602-1668) was an early Puritan settler in the Massachusetts Bay Colony who helped establish Watertown, Wethersfield, and New Haven.	Robert Seeley	1602
date of birth	Chingiz Akhmarov (Uzbek: Чингиз Ахмаров: 1912--1995) was an Uzbek painter and Uzbekistan State Prize laureate.	Chingiz Akhmarov	1912
date of birth	He Dan (born 22 July 1984) is a Chinese race walker.	He Dan	22 July 1984
date of birth	Kåre Joachim Calmeyer (born 23 June 1931) is a former Norwegian actor.	Joachim Calmeyer	23 June 1931
date of birth	Eivind Erichsen (28 January 1917 -- 21 January 2005) was a Norwegian economist and civil servant.	Eivind Erichsen	28 January 1917
date of birth	Englebert Fisen (1655 - 15 April 1733) was a Flemish painter and a pupil of Bertholet Flemalle.	Englebert Fisen	1655
date of birth	Yasir Iqbal (born 19 September 1983) is a Danish cricketer who made his debut for the Danish national side in July 2006.	Yasir Iqbal	19 September 1983
date of birth	Paul-Aimé Sauriol (3 September 1931 -- September 22, 2010) was a Canadian engineer and business executive.	Paul-Aimé Sauriol	3 September 1931
date of birth	Franck Goldnadel, born 14 August 1969, is a French public servant and director of Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport.	Franck Goldnadel	14 August 1969
date of birth	Artist Burton Morris ( born 1964) is an American Pop Artist.	Burton Morris	1964
date of birth	Linda Heidi Schanz (Born in 1973) is a former American actress and model, who appeared in several films and television shows in 1990s.	Heidi Schanz	1973
date of birth	Miroslav Bogosavac (Serbian Cyrillic: Мирослав Богосавац; born 14 October 1996) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a left-back for the Serbian SuperLiga club Partizan.	Miroslav Bogosavac	14 October 1996
date of birth	Sadiya Umar Farouq (born 5 November 1974) is a Nigerian politician and business administrator.	Sadiya Umar Farouq	5 November 1974
date of birth	Jean Baptiste Hippolyte Dance (22 February 1797, in Saint-Pal-de-Chalencon -- 18 April 1832, Paris) was a French pathologist remembered for Dance's sign.	Jean Baptiste Hippolyte Dance	22 February 1797
date of birth	Imam Alimsultanov (Chechen: Имам Алимсултанов) (1957 -- November 10, 1996) was a popular Chechen bard and folk singer.	Imam Alimsultanov	1957
date of birth	Victor Yampolsky (born 1942) is a Russian-born conductor and the son of pianist Vladimir Yampolsky.	Victor Yampolsky	1942
date of birth	Gabriel Guarda (born Fernando Guarda Geywitz; 1928 in Valdivia), is a Chilean historian and architect.	Gabriel Guarda	1928
date of birth	Natko Rački (born 15 November 1981) is a Croatian football player currently without club.	Natko Rački	15 November 1981
date of birth	Rune Almén (born 20 October 1952 in Trollhättan, Västra Götaland County) is a former Swedish track and field athlete who competed in the high jump.	Rune Almén	20 October 1952
date of birth	Sheikh Jamil Hassan (born 22 October 1980) is a former English cricketer.	Jamil Hassan	22 October 1980
date of birth	Nyle Godsmark (born 10 April 1992 in Rutherglen) is a Scottish rugby union player who plays for the Scotland 7s on the World Rugby Sevens Series.	Nyle Godsmark	10 April 1992
date of birth	Anna Del Conte (born 1925) is an Italian-born food writer whose works cover the history of food as well as providing recipes.	Anna Del Conte	1925
date of birth	Stein Huysegems (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈstɛi̯n ˈɦœy̆.zə.ˌʝɛms)) (born 16 June 1982) is a Belgian attacker who plays for Dessel in the Belgian Second Division.	Stein Huysegems	16 June 1982
date of birth	Howard Austen (born Howard Auster; 1929 -- September 22, 2003) was the long-time companion of American writer Gore Vidal for 53 years until Austen's death.	Howard Austen	1929
date of birth	Hobart Earle (born 20 December 1960) is a Venezuelan-born conductor of American descent and People's Artist of Ukraine recipient.	Hobart Earle	1960
date of birth	Denis Walter OAM, (born 3 January 1955) is an Australian radio presenter, baritone singer, recording artist and media personality who also presented television news for 16 years.	Denis Walter	3 January 1955
date of birth	Majbritt Morrison (born 1933) is known for being the victim of an incident of racial violence that sparked off the 1958 Notting Hill race riots which escalated from there, and as the author of the best seller Jungle West 11.	Majbritt Morrison	1933
date of birth	Andreas Grasmo (7 November 1912 -- 13 October 1986) was a Norwegian priest and organizational leader.	Andreas Grasmo	7 November 1912
date of birth	Wan Yanhai (Chinese: 万延海; pinyin: Wàn Yánhǎi; born 20 November 1963) is a Chinese AIDS activist.	Wan Yanhai	20 November 1963
date of birth	Bruno Vicino (born 7 September 1952) is former Italian cyclist, now a directeur sportif with the Lampre cycling team.	Bruno Vicino	7 September 1952
date of birth	Luka Bonačić (pronounced (lûːka bɔ̌natʃitɕ); born 21 March 1955) is a Croatian football coach and former player who currently manages Al Ahli in the Qatar Stars League.	Luka Bonačić	21 March 1955
date of birth	Markus Pöyhönen (born 25 October 1978, in Vantaa) is a Finnish former athlete, who specialised in the 100m sprint.	Markus Pöyhönen	25 October 1978
date of birth	Saw Phaik Hwa (simplified Chinese: 苏碧华; traditional Chinese: 蘇碧華; pinyin: Sū Bìhuá; born 1957 in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia) is a Malaysian-born Singaporean businesswoman.	Saw Phaik Hwa	1957
date of birth	William Maynard Sinton, JP (1 February 1860 -- 31 December 1942) was High Sheriff of County Armagh, an Ulster Unionist County Councillor for Armagh and industrialist.	Maynard Sinton	1 February 1860
date of birth	Loris Reina (born 10 June 1980) is a French football player who last played for the Belgian club, KV Kortrijk.	Loris Reina	10 June 1980
date of birth	Adalgiso Ferraris (16 February 1890 -- 31 December 1968) was an Italian-born British composer and pianist.	Adalgiso Ferraris	16 February 1890
date of birth	Erica Lindbeck (born c. 1992) is an American actress who is known for her roles in anime and game dubs.	Erica Lindbeck	1992
date of birth	Anania Shirakatsi (Armenian: Անանիա Շիրակացի , Armenian pronunciation: (ɑnɑˈnjɑ ʃiɾɑkɑˈt͡sʰi), also known as Ananias of Shirak; 610--685 AD) was an Armenian philosopher, mathematician, astronomer, geographer and alchemist.	Anania Shirakatsi	610
date of birth	Wayne Cook (c. 1946) is an American keyboardist best known for his time with Steppenwolf and Player.	Wayne Cook	1946
date of birth	Nathalie Boltt (born 19 July 1973) is a South African actress, known in that country for her role as Joey Ortlepp in the SABC 3 soap opera Isidingo from 2001 to 2004.	Nathalie Boltt	19 July 1973
date of birth	Saint Serapion of Algiers (1179 -- November 14, 1240) was a Mercedarian friar who is venerated as a martyr by the Catholic Church, and as a proto-martyr by the Mercedarian Order.	Serapion of Algiers	1179
date of birth	Howard Lang (20 March 1911 -- 12 December 1989) was a British actor best known for playing Captain William Baines in the BBC nautical drama The Onedin Line.	Howard Lang	20 March 1911
date of birth	Togolok Moldo (Kyrgyz: Тоголок Молдо; real name: Bayymbet Abdyrakhmanov; 10 June 1860 -- 4 January 1942) was a Kyrgyz poet, Manaschi and folk song writer.	Togolok Moldo	10 June 1860
date of birth	Terry Westley (born 18 September 1959) is an association football coach and manager.	Terry Westley	18 September 1959
date of birth	Ren Zhongyi (Chinese: 任仲夷; pinyin: Rén Zhòngyí; September 1914 -- November 15, 2005) was a Chinese politician.	Ren Zhongyi	1914
date of birth	Christian Horvath (born 7 November 1981) is an Austrian former competitive figure skater.	Christian Horvath	7 November 1981
date of birth	Tomáš Abrahám (born 18 April 1979) is a Czech football player formerly playing for Wacker Innsbruck at Defensive Midfielder position.	Tomáš Abrahám	18 April 1979
date of birth	Luisel Ramos (born 12 April 1984 -- August 2, 2006) was an Uruguayan model.	Luisel Ramos	12 April 1984
date of birth	Stuart Watkiss (born 8 May 1966) is an English former professional footballer and manager who will be the head coach of the Bharat FC in India.	Stuart Watkiss	8 May 1966
date of birth	The Wizard of New Zealand QSM (born Ian Brackenbury Channell; 4 December 1932) is a New Zealand educator, comedian, magician and politician who has become something of a national icon.	Wizard of New Zealand	4 December 1932
date of birth	Frode Lamøy (born 2 April 1972) is a Norwegian-born drummer.	Frode Lamøy	2 April 1972
date of birth	Ko Lay (Burmese: ကိုလေး, pronounced: (kò lé); born 31 October 1931) was mayor of Yangon from 1988 to 2003.	Ko Lay	31 October 1931
date of birth	Kimiko Douglass-Ishizaka (born 4 December 1976) is a German-Japanese pianist, former olympic weightlifter and powerlifter.	Kimiko Douglass-Ishizaka	4 December 1976
date of birth	Ali Ghaleb Himmat (Arabic: علي غالب همت‎; born 16 June 1938 in Damascus, Syria) is an Italian businessman who lives in Campione d'Italia, Italy, near Youssef Nada.	Ali Ghaleb Himmat	16 June 1938
date of birth	Karol Kisel (born 15 March 1977) is a retired Slovak footballer.	Karol Kisel	15 March 1977
date of birth	Gerhard Stahl (born in Ludwigsburg, Germany on 2 December 1950) is since August 2014 Professor at the Peking University HSBC Business School in Shenzhen in China.	Gerhard Stahl	2 December 1950
date of birth	Robert D. Borsley (born 15 March 1949 in Coventry) is Professor of Linguistics at the University of Essex, UK.	Robert D. Borsley	15 March 1949
date of birth	Miya Masaoka is based in New York City (born 1958, Washington, DC) and is an American composer, musician, and sound artist active in the field of experimental music.	Miya Masaoka	1958
date of birth	Jassim Al Kazmawi (1912--1994) was a Kuwaiti political figure important in the early history of modern Bahrain.	Jassim Al Kazmawi	1912
date of birth	Christopher Morris, known by the stage name Lance Fortune (born 4 January 1940, Birkenhead, Cheshire, England) is an English pop singer.	Lance Fortune	4 January 1940
date of birth	Peter Thielst (born 1951) is a Danish philosopher, author and publisher of philosophical books from the Danish bureau ``Det lille forlag'' (``The little publisher'').	Peter Thielst	1951
date of birth	Matthias Ettrich (born 14 June 1972 in Bietigheim-Bissingen, Baden-Württemberg) is a German computer scientist known for his contributions to the KDE and LyX projects.	Matthias Ettrich	14 June 1972
date of birth	Chief Niwot or Left Hand(-ed) (c. 1825--1864) was a tribal leader of the Southern Arapaho people and played an important part in the history of Colorado.	Chief Niwot	1825
date of birth	Coolboy Ngamole (born 21 June 1977) is a South African long-distance runner who specialises in the marathon.	Coolboy Ngamole	21 June 1977
date of birth	Morten Skallerud (born 14 July 1954) is a Norwegian cinematographer and film director.	Morten Skallerud	14 July 1954
date of birth	Anna Komnene (Greek: Ἄννα Κομνηνή, Ánna Komnēnḗ; 1 December 1083 -- 1153), commonly Latinized as Anna Comnena, was a Byzantine princess, scholar, physician, hospital administrator, and historian.	Anna Komnene	1 December 1083
date of birth	John Robert Kline (1891--1955) was a US-American Professor of Mathematics at the University of Pennsylvania from 1920 to 1955.	John Robert Kline	1891
date of birth	Early Life and Education Jimoh Buraimoh was born in Osogbo, Osun state, Nigeria in 1943 into a Muslim family.	Jimoh Buraimoh	1943
date of birth	Stuart Terence Roger Binny, or commonly Stuart Binny, (born 3 June 1984), is an International Indian cricketer, who plays for One Day Internationals, Twenty20 Internationals, and Tests.	Stuart Binny	3 June 1984
date of birth	Yann Benoist (born 6 February 1951) is a French session guitarist, performer, composer,conductor, and arranger.	Yann Benoist	6 February 1951
date of birth	Ivona Dadic (Croatian: Ivona Dadić; born 29 December 1993) is an Austrian track and field athlete.	Ivona Dadic	29 December 1993
date of birth	Andy Rinehart (born 1960 in Norwalk, Connecticut, USA) is an American balladeer, composer and multi instrumentalist.	Andy Rinehart	1960
date of birth	John Pasche (born 24 April 1945) is an English art designer, most famous for designing the ``Tongue and Lip Design'' logo for the rock band The Rolling Stones.	John Pasche	24 April 1945
date of birth	David Schmeidler (born 1939) is an Israeli mathematician and economic theorist with important contributions in the theory of individual decision making under uncertainty (decision theory).	David Schmeidler	1939
date of birth	Ricky Mott (born 21 April 1981) is a former Australian rules footballer in the Australian Football League.	Ricky Mott	21 April 1981
date of birth	He was born at Leicester on 28 August 1735, the second son of Richard Farmer, a maltster, by his wife Hannah, daughter of John Knibb.	Richard Farmer	28 August 1735
date of birth	Jón Atli Jónasson (born 1972 in Reykjavík) is an Icelandic playwright and screenwriter.	Jón Atli Jónasson	1972
date of birth	Avner Falk (Hebrew: אבנר פלק‎; born 1943) is an Israeli clinical psychologist and author.	Avner Falk	1943
date of birth	Hans Jordaens the Elder (1555 -- 1630), was a Flemish Baroque painter whose religious works are often confused with that of other painters with the same name.	Hans Jordaens	1555
date of birth	Necdet Yaşar (Turkish pronunciation: (ˈnedʒdet ˈjaʃaɾ)) or Necdet Yasar in the West (born 1930), is a Turkish tanbur lute player and teacher.	Necdet Yaşar	1930
date of birth	Loukas Panourgias (Livadeia,1899 - Athens,1981) was a Greek athlete and footballer.	Loukas Panourgias	1899
date of birth	Octavio Frias de Oliveira Filho, known as Otávio Frias Filho (São Paulo, June 7, 1957) is a Brazilian newspaper editor.	Otávio Frias Filho	1957
date of birth	Rodrigo Caio Coquette Russo (born 17 August 1993), known as Rodrigo Caio, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for São Paulo FC as a central defender or a defensive midfielder.	Rodrigo Caio	17 August 1993
date of birth	Liya Kebede (Amharic: ሊያ ከበደ?; born 1 March 1978) is an Ethiopian-born model, maternal health advocate, clothing designer, and actress.	Liya Kebede	1 March 1978
date of birth	Behnoosh Bakhtiari (Persian: بهنوش بختیاری‎‎; born May 19, 1975 in Tehran) is an Iranian actress.	Behnoosh Bakhtiari	1975
date of birth	Ghassan Khatib (Arabic: غسان الخطيب‎) (1954- ) is a Palestinian politician.	Ghassan Khatib	1954
date of birth	Trevor Gadd (born 16 April 1952) is a former English track cycling champion, representing Great Britain and England at the Olympic Games, Commonwealth Games and World Championships.	Trevor Gadd	16 April 1952
date of birth	Adela Reta (Montevideo, 9 July 1921 - 3 April 2001) was a Uruguayan lawyer and jurist.	Adela Reta	9 July 1921
date of birth	Eddy Thomas (c. 1932 -- April 10, 2014) was a Jamaican dancer, choreographer and dance instructor.	Eddy Thomas	1932
date of birth	Tammy Ogston (born 26 July 1970) is an Australian football referee from Brisbane, Queensland, Brisbane.	Tammy Ogston	26 July 1970
date of birth	Rune Bolseth (born 4 July 1980) is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Sogndal in OBOS-ligaen.	Rune Bolseth	4 July 1980
date of birth	Francisca Ordega (birthdate: 19 October 1993) is a Nigerian professional soccer player who also plays for Washington Spirit in the National Women's Soccer League.	Francisca Ordega	19 October 1993
date of birth	Svetozar Marović (Montenegrin Cyrillic: Светозар Маровић); born 31 March 1955) is a lawyer and a Montenegrin politician.	Svetozar Marović	31 March 1955
date of birth	Anjala Zaveri (born 20 April 1972) is an Indian British actress.	Anjala Zaveri	20 April 1972
date of birth	Salman Alizade (born 1 December 1993) is an amateur Light flyweight boxer from Azerbaijan.	Salman Alizade	1 December 1993
date of birth	Askar Simitko, alternative spellings use ``Asgar'' and/or ``Smitko'', (1953--January 28, 1995) was a Kurdish Iranian spy operating in Turkey.	Askar Simitko	1953
date of birth	Kjetil Bjørlo (born 27 March 1968) is a Norwegian orienteering competitor, individual bronze medalist in the classic course at the 1997 World Orienteering Championships in Grimstad.	Kjetil Bjørlo	1968
date of birth	Alessandro Ligi (born 7 November 1989) is an Italian footballer who plays as a centre back for Vicenza, on loan from Bari in the Serie B.	Alessandro Ligi	7 November 1989
date of birth	Clara Voghan (born 1957, Buenos Aires) is the pen name of an Argentine writer of romance novels.	Clara Voghan	1957
date of birth	Héléna Arsène Darmesteter, born Héléna Hartog (1854 -- 1923) was a British portrait painter.	Héléna Arsène Darmesteter	1854
date of birth	Siddharth Nagarajan (born 25 September 1997) is the youngest drummer from India.	Siddharth Nagarajan	25 September 1997
date of birth	Sonosuke Fujimaki (Japanese: 藤巻 惣之助; born 10 January 1939) is a Japanese fencer.	Sonosuke Fujimaki	10 January 1939
date of birth	K. Ramachandran (born 9 August 1951) is an Indian politician and the former minister for Khadi in Tamil Nadu.	K. Ramachandran	9 August 1951
date of birth	Hugh Bernard Price (born 1941) was a U.S. activist.	Hugh Bernard Price	1941
date of birth	Charlotte Evans MBE (born 29 March 1991) is a British skier, sighted guide and Paralympian.	Charlotte Evans	29 March 1991
date of birth	Adams Ibrahim Adebola (born 5 May 1988), popularly known as VJ Adams, is a Nigerian video jockey, television presenter, entrepreneur, musician cum executive producer.	VJ Adams	5 May 1988
date of birth	James Michael Freke Bulkeley (1761 -- November 13, 1796) was a civil servant and political figure in Nova Scotia.	James Michael Freke Bulkeley	1761
date of birth	Emiliano González Arqués (born 20 September 1969) is a Spanish-born Andorran retired footballer.	Emiliano González Arqués	20 September 1969
date of birth	Sushil Bhattacharya (1924 -- 18 July 2015) was an Indian football player and coach.	Sushil Bhattacharya	1924
date of birth	Richard Francis Needham, 6th Earl of Kilmorey, PC (born 29 January 1942), usually known as Sir Richard Needham, is a British Conservative politician.	Richard Needham	29 January 1942
date of birth	Joel Hardin (born in 1940 in Ontario, Oregon) is a former United States Border Patrol inspector and mantracking expert.	Joel Hardin	1940
date of birth	Valentín Díaz (1 November 1845 - 1916) was a Filipino patriot who was among the founders of the Katipunan that started the Philippine Revolution against Spain in 1896.	Valentín Díaz	1 November 1845
date of birth	John J. Bursch (born 1972) was the 10th Michigan Solicitor General and supervised the state's appellate litigation with a special emphasis on Michigan and U.S. Supreme Court disputes.	John J. Bursch	1972
date of birth	Maurice Frimont, born 14 December 1747 in Gondreville (Meurthe-et-Moselle), youngest child of Dominique Frimont , a laborer at Gondreville, and Catherine Laurent, was a general of the French Revolutionary Wars and, later Napoleonic Wars.	Maurice Frimont	14 December 1747
date of birth	Ratomir Čabrić (Serbian Cyrillic: Ратомир Чабрић) (19 September 1918 -- 13 April 1990) was a Serbian football player and coach.	Ratomir Čabrić	19 September 1918
date of birth	Robert Hindmarsh (1759--1835) was an English printer and one of the original founders of Swedenborgianism.	Robert Hindmarsh	1759
date of birth	Adelina de Lara OBE (23 January 1872 -- 25 November 1961) was a British classical pianist and composer.	Adelina de Lara	23 January 1872
date of birth	Koo Kwang-ming (Chinese: 辜寬敏; pinyin: Gū Guānmǐn; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Ko͘ Khoan-bín, born on 15 October 1926) is a Taiwanese politician, businessman and independence activist.	Koo Kwang-ming	15 October 1926
date of birth	Franciszka Corvin-Krasińska (1742, Maleszowa -- 30 April 1796 in Dresden), was a Polish noblewoman and the morganatic wife of Charles of Saxony, Duke of Courland, the son of King Augustus III of Poland.	Franciszka Corvin-Krasińska	1742
date of birth	Chiyotairyū Hidemasa (born 14 November 1988 as Hidemasa Meigetsuin) is a professional sumo wrestler from Tokyo, Japan.	Chiyotairyū Hidemasa	14 November 1988
date of birth	Barbara Rentler (born 1958) is a businesswoman, and the current CEO of Fortune 500 company, Ross Stores Inc.	Barbara Rentler	1958
date of birth	Matteo D'Afflitto (c. 1447 -- 1523), also referred to as Matthaeus de Afflictis, was a Neapolitan jurist.	Matteo D'Afflitto	1447
date of birth	Jailene Cintrón, on recordings credited as Jailene (born 28 May 1966 in Río Piedras, Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican merengue singer and recording artist, as well as a TV personality and entertainer.	Jailene Cintrón	28 May 1966
date of birth	Mateo Morrison Fortunato (b. 14 April 1946, Santo Domingo), is a Dominican writer, lawyer, poet and essayist.	Mateo Morrison	14 April 1946
date of birth	Nicholas Conroy (1816 -- October 13, 1879) was an Irish-born farmer and politician in Prince Edward Island.	Nicholas Conroy	1816
date of birth	Paul M. Allen, Ph.D. (born September 1951) is an American cellular immunologist and current Robert L. Kroc Professor of Pathology and Immunology at Washington University School of Medicine.	Paul M. Allen	September 1951
date of birth	Ruth M. Leverton (23 March 1908 -- 14 September 1982) was an American home economist.	Ruth M. Leverton	23 March 1908
date of birth	Nils Petter Gleditsch (born 17 July 1942 in Sutton, Surrey, Great Britain) is a Norwegian sociologist and political scientist.	Nils Petter Gleditsch	17 July 1942
date of birth	Diego Occhiuzzi (born 30 April 1981) is an Italian fencer and olympic medal winner in team sabre competition.	Diego Occhiuzzi	30 April 1981
date of birth	Kim Dingle (born 1951) is a Los Angeles-based contemporary artist working in paint, sculpture and installation.	Kim Dingle	1951
date of birth	Paul Raphaelson (born 1968, New York, New York, USA), is an American artist best known for urban landscape photography.	Paul Raphaelson	1968
date of birth	Svein Scharffenberg (born 21 June 1939) is a Norwegian actor and stage director.	Svein Scharffenberg	21 June 1939
date of birth	Thomas Konow (10 October 1796 -- 10 October 1881) was a Norwegian naval officer and politician, most remembered today as the youngest member of the Constituent Assembly at Eidsvold in 1814.	Thomas Konow	10 October 1796
date of birth	Morgan Baker (born 11 May 1997) is an Australian actor best known for playing the role of Callum Jones on the soap opera Neighbours between 2008 and 2014.	Morgan Baker	11 May 1997
date of birth	Milan Máčala (born 4 August 1943) is a Czech football coach who coached various clubs in the Czech Republic and the Middle East.	Milan Máčala	4 August 1943
date of birth	Bjørn Grinde (born 3 July 1952) is a biologist working in the fields of genetics and evolution, with a particular interest in human evolution.	Bjørn Grinde	3 July 1952
date of birth	Albert H. Small (born 1927) is a real estate developer, and philanthropist.	Albert H. Small	1927
date of birth	Sam Nixon (born 21 March 1986) is an English singer and television presenter.	Sam Nixon	21 March 1986
date of birth	Fr. Kjell Arild Pollestad (born 27 May 1949 in Hå, Jæren) is a Norwegian author, essayist, translator, theologian, philologist, Catholic priest and Dominican.	Kjell Arild Pollestad	27 May 1949
date of birth	Marek Mintál (Slovak pronunciation: (ˈmarɛk ˈmɪntaːl); born 2 September 1977) is a retired Slovak footballer.	Marek Mintál	2 September 1977
date of birth	Tamer Hassan (born 18 March 1968), is an English actor of Turkish Cypriot descent.	Tamer Hassan	18 March 1968
date of birth	Nick Caldecott (born 5 June 1968) is a British stage actor.	Nick Caldecott	5 June 1968
date of birth	Daniele Marchitelli (born 12 January 1955), best known as Lele Marchitelli, is an Italian musician and composer.	Lele Marchitelli	12 January 1955
date of birth	António Lino de Sousa Horta Osório (born Lisbon, Mercês, 21 December 1933) is a Portuguese lawyer and sportsman.	António Lino de Sousa Horta Osório	21 December 1933
date of birth	Rochelle Perts (born 20 March 1992), better known by her stage name Rochelle, is a Dutch singer who rose to prominence after winning the fourth season of talent show X Factor on 10 June 2011.	Rochelle Perts	20 March 1992
date of birth	Hridayeshwar Singh Bhati (born 3 September 2002) is an Indian student who invented a six-player variant of chess.	Hridayeshwar Singh Bhati	3 September 2002
date of birth	Juho Rantala (born 13 December 1974 in Helsinki) is a football manager and former defender/midfielder, currently managing FC Honka in the Finnish Kakkonen.	Juho Rantala	13 December 1974
date of birth	Jan Valentin Sæther (born 18 March 1944) is a Norwegian figurative painter, sculptor and gnostic priest.	Jan Valentin Sæther	18 March 1944
date of birth	Ronan McKenzie, born 1998), is an English kart racing driver.	Ronan McKenzie	1998
date of birth	He was the son of Joseph Bretland, an Exeter tradesman, was born at Exeter 22 May 1742.	Joseph Bretland	22 May 1742
date of birth	Pál Németh (20 June 1937 -- 9 January 2009) was a Hungarian sportsperson and later coach in hammer throwing.	Pál Németh	20 June 1937
date of birth	Ryan Gobbe (born 1980) is an Australian electronic musician who records under the names Mieli and Twotone.	Ryan Gobbe	1980
date of birth	Isabel Rivas (born 1961), is a Filipina actress in movies and television.	Isabel Rivas	1961
date of birth	Sjoerd Wiarda born in 1355 and died in 1410.	Sjoerd Wiarda	1355
date of birth	Nikola Moravčević (Serbian Cyrillic: Никола Моравчевић, also rendered as Nicholas Moravcevich, born December 10, 1935) is a Serbian-American literary historian, literary critic, academic and novelist.	Nikola Moravčević	1935
date of birth	Victor Luis Chuab Zamblauskas, commonly known as Victor Luis (born 23 June 1993), is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Palmeiras as a left back.	Victor Luis	23 June 1993
date of birth	Nicholas Burgess Farrell (born 2 October 1958) is an English journalist and the author of Mussolini:	Nicholas Burgess Farrell	2 October 1958
date of birth	Prof. Dr. Muhammad Rehman (Urdu: پروفيسرڈ اکٹرمحمّدرحمٰن ‎; born 5 January 1944) is a Pakistani Cardiac surgeon.Dr.	Muhammad Rehman	5 January 1944
date of birth	Padre Manuel Arruda da Câmara (Pombal 1752--Goiana, October 2, 1810) was a Portuguese cleric, physician and scientist, who became known as one of the great Brazilian botanists of the late eighteenth century.	Manuel Arruda da Câmara	1752
date of birth	Luc Zeebroek (born 5 May 1956), better known as Kamagurka, is a Belgian cartoonist, playwright, comic strip artist, painter, comedian, comedic singer and television producer, known for the absurd nature of his work.	Kamagurka	5 May 1956
date of birth	Faye Wong (born 8 August 1969) is a Chinese singer-songwriter and actress based in Hong Kong, often referred to as a ``diva'' in Hong Kong media.	Faye Wong	8 August 1969
date of birth	Marius Vassiliou (born 1957) is an American computational scientist, geophysicist, and aerospace executive.	Marius Vassiliou	1957
date of birth	Bruce Martyn (born 1930) is a former American sportscaster, logging over 45 years behind the mike.	Bruce Martyn	1930
date of birth	Robert Garside (born 6 January 1967), calling himself The Runningman, is a British runner who is credited by Guinness World Records as the first person to run around the world.	Robert Garside	6 January 1967
date of birth	Ramadan Alagab (born 20 February, 1986) is a Sudanese international footballer, who plays for Al-Mourada as a striker.	Ramadan Alagab	20 February, 1986
date of birth	Yana van der Meulen Rodgers (born 1966) is professor and graduate director within the Women's and Gender Studies department of Rutgers University, and was the president of the International Association for Feminist Economics (IAFFE) from 2013 to 2014.	Yana van der Meulen Rodgers	1966
date of birth	Jadranka Joksimović (born 26 January 1978, Belgrade, Serbia) is a minister without portfolio in the government of Serbia.	Jadranka Joksimović	26 January 1978
date of birth	David Clive King (born 24 April 1924) is an English author best known for his children's book Stig of the Dump (1963).	Clive King	24 April 1924
date of birth	Jón Ólafsson of Grunnavík (Jón Ólafsson frá Grunnavík, also known as Jón Grunnvíkingur or Grunnavíkur-Jón, 1705 -- 1779) was an Icelandic scholar.	Jón Ólafsson of Grunnavík	1705
date of birth	Nicolas Ladany (also Nicolau Ladanyi, born 7 April 1889- unknown) was a Hungarian association football coach.	Nicolas Ladany	7 April 1889
date of birth	Dennis Firestone (born 22 July 1944 in Townsville, Australia) is a former CART driver from 1979 to 1987.	Dennis Firestone	22 July 1944
date of birth	Daniel Gaudet also known as Dan Gaudet, was born on August 16, 1959, in Moncton, New Brunswick, Canada.	Daniel Gaudet	1959
date of birth	André Ristic (born 19 December 1972) is a Canadian composer, pianist, accordion player, and music theorist.	André Ristic	19 December 1972
date of birth	Antun Miletić (born 30 June 1931) is a Croatian and Serbian historian.	Antun Miletić	30 June 1931
date of birth	Dirk Anders (born 26 September 1966) is a German former footballer who is now a scout for Bayern Munich.	Dirk Anders	26 September 1966
date of birth	Jonathan Akpoborie (born 20 October 1968) is a former Nigerian football player who spent the majority of his playing career in Germany.	Jonathan Akpoborie	20 October 1968
date of birth	Linda Lewis (born Linda Ann Fredericks, 27 September 1950, West Ham, Essex) is an English vocalist, songwriter and guitarist.	Linda Lewis	27 September 1950
date of birth	Felix A. Aharonian (born 23 May 1952) is a physicist and astrophysicist.	Felix A. Aharonian	23 May 1952
date of birth	The Rev. Frederick Anson (1811-1885) was a British clergyman from the Anson family.	Frederick Anson	1811
date of birth	John Nash Douglas Bush (1896--1983) was a literary critic and literary historian.	Douglas Bush	1896
date of birth	Samuel Scheimann (born 3 November 1987) is an Israeli international footballer player who plays professionally for Hapoel Tel Aviv in the Israeli Premier League, as a left back.	Samuel Scheimann	3 November 1987
date of birth	Stephen O'Neill (born 19 November 1980) is a Gaelic footballer from Aughabrack, Northern Ireland, who plays for the Tyrone senior football team.	Stephen O'Neill	19 November 1980
date of birth	Bernd Eckstein (born 22 May 1953) was an East German ski jumper who competed during the 1970s.	Bernd Eckstein	22 May 1953
date of birth	Keith Kyle (4 August 1925, Sturminster Newton, Dorset -- 21 February 2007, London) was a British writer, broadcaster and historian.	Keith Kyle	4 August 1925
date of birth	Victor Pemberton (born 10 October 1931) is a British writer and television producer.	Victor Pemberton	10 October 1931
date of birth	Emma Trott (born 24 December 1989) is a retired English racing cyclist from Cheshunt, currently based in Oudenaarde.	Emma Trott	24 December 1989
date of birth	Dan Bogan (1860 -- after 1889) was an American gunfighter and outlaw of the American Old West, who today is considered to have been one of the most underrated gunmen of the 19th century west.	Dan Bogan	1860
date of birth	Noel Magee (born 16 December 1965 in Belfast, Northern Ireland) is a former professional boxer and former Commonwealth light heavyweight Title holder.	Noel Magee	16 December 1965
date of birth	Adelina Yzac (born in 1954 in Périgord Noir) is an author who writes in both Occitan and French.	Adelina Yzac	1954
date of birth	Lee Murphy (born 7 January 1977) is a former professional Australian Rugby league player.	Lee Murphy	7 January 1977
date of birth	Ola Kvernberg (born 16 June 1981) is a Norwegian jazz musician, known for his virtuosic string swing violin playing and his international performances.	Ola Kvernberg	16 June 1981
date of birth	Louis B. Boudin (1874--1952) was a Russian-born American Marxist theoretician, writer, politician, and lawyer.	Louis B. Boudin	1874
date of birth	Gustavo González Castro (born 1 July 1973), commonly referred to by his alias ``El Erótico'' (``The Erotic One''), is a Mexican drug lord and founding member of Los Zetas, a criminal organization originally formed by ex-commandos from the Mexican Armed Forces.	Gustavo González Castro	1 July 1973
date of birth	David Stout (born c. 1942 in Erie, Pennsylvania) is a journalist and author of mystery novels, two of which have been turned into TV movies, and of non-fiction about violent crime.	David Stout	1942
date of birth	Tobias Schenke (27 March 1981) is a German actor most famous for playing the character of Florian Thomas in Ants in My Pants and More Ants in the Pants and the older Jürgen Bartsch in The Child I Never Was.	Tobias Schenke	27 March 1981
date of birth	Jiří Kopáč (Czech pronunciation: (ˈjɪr̝iː ˈkopaːtʃ); born 23 February 1982) is a Czech rower.	Jiří Kopáč	23 February 1982
date of birth	Süleyman Genç (born 1944 in Gölyayla, İkizdere, Rize Province) is a former Turkish politician and author.	Süleyman Genç	1944
date of birth	Marcel Desaulniers (born 1945) is an American chef who was part-owner of the Trellis Restaurant in Williamsburg, Virginia, a cookbook author, director Emeritus of the Culinary Institute of America, and self-described ``Guru of Ganache.''	Marcel Desaulniers	1945
date of birth	Sheila Keith (9 June 1920 -- 14 October 2004) was a British character actress, active in theatre, films and TV.	Sheila Keith	9 June 1920
date of birth	Ria Mooney (1904 -- 3 January 1973) was an Irish stage and screen actress, artistic director of the Abbey Theatre (1948-1963) and director of the Gaiety School of Acting.	Ria Mooney	1904
date of birth	John Loosemore (August 1616 -- April 18, 1681) was an English builder of pipe organs.	John Loosemore	1616
date of birth	Greta Andersen (born 1 May 1927) is a retired Danish swimmer who won a gold and a silver medal in 100 m freestyle events at the 1948 Olympics.	Greta Andersen	1 May 1927
date of birth	Anaïs Laurendon (born 15 April 1985), is a retired French professional tennis player.	Anaïs Laurendon	15 April 1985
date of birth	Rodrigo Osorio (Ahuachapan, 1968, according to other sources 1965 and September 19, 1974 -- August 4, 2014, Santo Domingo, Sonsonate) was a Salvadoran footballer.	Rodrigo Osorio	1968
date of birth	Ivan Vahylevych, Jan Wagilewicz, b 2 September 1811 in the village of Yasen (today in Rozhniativ Raion), Stanislawow powiat, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, d 10 May 1866 in Lwów.	Ivan Vahylevych	2 September 1811
date of birth	Umeh Kalu Ikwuonwu (born 5 August 1961) is a Nigerian legal practitioner.	Umeh Kalu	5 August 1961
date of birth	Chris Erickson (born 1 December 1981) is an Australian racewalker who represented his country in the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympic games over the 20 km distance.	Chris Erickson	1 December 1981
date of birth	Steven Welsh (born 16 March 1974 in Melbourne, Australia) is a Canadian cricket player.	Steven Welsh	16 March 1974
date of birth	Qian Gang (Chinese: 钱钢; pinyin: Qián Gāng; born 11 August 1953) is a Chinese non-fiction writer and journalists from Hangzhou in Zhejiang Province, China who over four decades has written hundreds of articles and dozens of books.	Qian Gang	11 August 1953
date of birth	Johan Henrik Åkerman (31 March 1896 in Stockholm - July 12, 1982) was a Swedish economist and was a Professor of Economics and Statistics at Lund University.He was the younger brother to Swedish economist Johan Gustav Åkerman.	Johan Henrik Åkerman	31 March 1896
date of birth	Dubravka Ugrešić (born 27 March 1949) is a post-Yugoslav writer.	Dubravka Ugrešić	27 March 1949
date of birth	Bonnie Seeman is an American ceramic artist born in 1969.	Bonnie Seeman	1969
date of birth	Aurand Harris (1916--1996) was an American playwright who wrote 36 plays for children, estimated at the time of his death in 1996 to have been performed on over 30,000 occasions.	Aurand Harris	1916
date of birth	Francis MacManus (8 March 1909 -- 27 November 1965) was an Irish novelist and broadcaster.	Francis MacManus	8 March 1909
date of birth	Robert Peel (1723 -- 12 September 1795), commonly known as Parsley Peel, was an influential cotton mill owner and grandfather to Sir Robert Peel, 2nd Baronet, future prime minister of Great Britain.	Parsley Peel	1723
date of birth	Peter Bischoff (1904 -- 1976) was a German competitive sailor and Olympic champion.	Peter Bischoff	1904
date of birth	Mohamed Suleiman (Arabic: محمد سليمان‎) (born 23 November 1969) is a Qatari middle-distance runner.	Mohamed Suleiman	23 November 1969
date of birth	Stirling Dickinson (1909 -- October 27, 1998) was an artist who spent much of his life in San Miguel de Allende, in Mexico, where he was one of the first members of what would become a colony of expatriate artists from the United States.	Stirling Dickinson	1909
date of birth	Brendan Canning (born 1969) is a founding member of Broken Social Scene and a veteran indie rock performer who has been a member of various notable bands including By Divine Right, Blurtonia, Valley of the Giants, Len, and hHead.	Brendan Canning	1969
date of birth	Eirik Sivertsen (born 17 March 1971) is a Norwegian politician who represents the Arbeiderpartiet.	Eirik Sivertsen	17 March 1971
date of birth	Mike Fahn (born December 16th, 1960 in Huntington, New York) is an American jazz trombonist.	Mike Fahn	1960
date of birth	George Naghi (25 February 1952 in Călăraşi, Călărași County -- 7 August 2011 in the Danube Delta region) was a Romanian businessman and millionaire, founder of Aldis SRL meat products enterprise.	George Naghi	25 February 1952
date of birth	Jarosław Szarek (born 1963) is a Polish journalist, writer and historian.	Jarosław Szarek	1963
date of birth	Jonathan Allen (born 1966) is a visual artist, writer, and magician based in London.	Jonathan Allen	1966
date of birth	Gilbert Manier Muvunyi (born 3 March 1990) is a Rwandan footballer, with French citizenship.	Gilbert Manier Muvunyi	3 March 1990
date of birth	Guðbrandur Vigfússon, known in English as Gudbrand Vigfusson, (13 March 1827 -- 31 January 1889) was one of the foremost Scandinavian scholars of the 19th century.	Guðbrandur Vigfússon	13 March 1827
date of birth	Vicente Martín y Soler (2 May 1754 -- 30 January 1806) was a Spanish composer of opera and ballet.	Vicente Martín y Soler	2 May 1754
date of birth	Nasreen Pervin Huq (born Bangladesh, 18 November 1958, died Bangladesh, 24 April 2006) was a prominent women's activist and campaigner for women's rights and social justice.	Nasreen Pervin Huq	18 November 1958
date of birth	Louis Boulduc (1648--1700?) was a French soldier from 1665 to 1668 and settler of New France.	Louis Boulduc	1648
date of birth	Angelika Cichocka (born 15 March 1988) is a Polish athlete who specializes in middle-distance running.	Angelika Cichocka	15 March 1988
date of birth	Willie Hoel (16 June 1920 - 15 June 1986) was a popular Norwegian actor and comedian.	Willie Hoel	16 June 1920
date of birth	William Yabsley (2 February 1812 -- 21 January 1880) was an Australian mixed farmer, shipbuilder and shipowner.	William Yabsley	2 February 1812
date of birth	Daniele Pedrelli (born 16 May 1988) is an Italian footballer who plays for Portuguese side Olhanense, in the Segunda Liga as a left wing--back	Daniele Pedrelli	16 May 1988
date of birth	Elangbam Nilakanta Singh (1927-2000) was an Indian poet and critic, considered by many as one of the pioneers of modern Manipuri literature.	Elangbam Nilakanta Singh	1927
date of birth	Miguel Ángel Sánchez López (born 2 July 1980) is a Nicaraguan footballer who most recently played for Matagalpa.	Miguel Ángel Sánchez López	2 July 1980
date of birth	Dharmendra Kakarala (born 1981) is an Indian film editor, who works in Telugu cinema, where starting with Prasthanam (2010), he edited films like LBW (2011), Dhada (2011).	Dharmendra Kakarala	1981
date of birth	Alan Kelley (born 24 December 1952) is an English former professional footballer who played as a fullback.	Alan Kelley	24 December 1952
date of birth	Luke Snellin (Born 9 March 1986) is an English screenwriter and director working in film, television, music videos and commercials.	Luke Snellin	9 March 1986
date of birth	Piera Tizzoni (Turin, 14 February 1940) is a former Italian long jumper.	Piera Tizzoni	14 February 1940
date of birth	Rex Goh (born Tee Haut Rex Goh 5 May 1951, Singapore) is a rock guitarist.	Rex Goh	5 May 1951
date of birth	Tony Trimmer (born 24 January 1943) is a British former racing driver from England, who won the Shell British Formula 3 Championship and E.R. Hall Trophy in 1970.	Tony Trimmer	24 January 1943
date of birth	Rahul Ranade (born 23 May 1966 in Pune, Maharashtra) is an Indian singer and music composer in Marathi and Hindi movies.	Rahul Ranade	23 May 1966
date of birth	Adrian Flavin (born 6 June 1979 in Harrow on the Hill, London) is a former Irish rugby union footballer.	Adrian Flavin	6 June 1979
date of birth	Paul Monroe, Ph.D., LL.D. (1869--1947) was an American educator.	Paul Monroe	1869
date of birth	John Tresilian (c. 1450 -- after 1515) was a British master smith who worked for Edward IV of England.	John Tresilian	1450
date of birth	David Jeffrey (born 28 October 1962) is a Northern Irish football manager and former player best known for managing Linfield between 1997 and 2014.	David Jeffrey	28 October 1962
date of birth	Mohamed Abdel Hakim Amer (Arabic: محمد عبد الحكيم عامر‎, IPA: (mæˈħæmmæd ʕæbdelħæˈkiːm ˈʕæːmeɾ); 11 December 1919 -- 14 September 1967) was an Egyptian general and political leader.	Abdel Hakim Amer	11 December 1919
date of birth	Ondřej Kušnír (born 5 April 1984) is a professional Czech football player, who plays for Rapid Bucureşti in the Liga II.	Ondřej Kušnír	5 April 1984
date of birth	William Arthur Callendar à Beckett (1833--1901) eldest son of Sir William à Beckett, was in the Legislative Council of Victoria from 1868 to 1876, and held office without portfolio in the Administration of Sir Charles Gavan Duffy from June 1871 to 10 June 1872.	William Arthur Callendar à Beckett	1833
date of birth	John Butter, M.D. (1791--1877) was an English ophthalmic surgeon.	John Butter	1791
date of birth	Sergey Gulyakevich (born 1 June 1981) is a Belarusian professional boxer who competes in the super featherweight division.	Sergey Gulyakevich	1 June 1981
date of birth	Landon Parvin (born 1948) is a Republican speech writer who has written for several U.S. politicians, including Presidents Ronald Reagan, George H.W. Bush, George W. Bush, and California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger.	Landon Parvin	1948
date of birth	Scott Moorhouse (born 24 May 1989) is a Paralympian track and field athlete from England competing mainly in category F42 javelin throw.	Scott Moorhouse	24 May 1989
date of birth	Ricky Graham (born 21 June 1946) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong in the VFL during the late 1960s.	Ricky Graham	21 June 1946
date of birth	Elad Lassry (born 1977 in Tel Aviv, Israel) is an Israeli-American artist who lives and works in Los Angeles.	Elad Lassry	1977
date of birth	Ralf Kaldenhoff (* 2 October 1958) is a German botanist and professor for applied plant sciences at the Technical University of Darmstadt.	Ralf Kaldenhoff	2 October 1958
date of birth	Serdar Dursun (born 19 October 1991) is a Turkish-German professional footballer who plays as a Forward for Centone Karagümrük.	Serdar Dursun	19 October 1991
date of birth	Jüri Arrak (born 24 October 1936) is an Estonian artist, a painter whose works with distinguished and recognizable style have won acclaim around the world.	Jüri Arrak	24 October 1936
date of birth	Isaac Levi (born 30 June 1930), is an American philosopher.	Isaac Levi	30 June 1930
date of birth	Martin Max (born 7 August 1968) is a retired German footballer, who played as a striker.	Martin Max	7 August 1968
date of birth	Jim Wallhead (born 14 March 1984) is an English professional mixed martial artist who competes in the Welterweight division.	Jim Wallhead	14 March 1984
date of birth	Konstantinos Lagoumitzis (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Λαγουμιτζής, 1781--?) was a Greek revolutionary during the War of Greek Independence (1821--1830), famous for his ability to dig underground tunnels during sieges.	Konstantinos Lagoumitzis	1781
date of birth	Salla Simukka (born 16 June 1981) is a best-selling Finnish novelist, translator and literary critic, known for her young adult series The Snow White Trilogy, which was originally published in Finnish as the Lumikki Andersson trilogy.	Salla Simukka	16 June 1981
date of birth	Gabriel N'Galula Mbuyi (born 1 June 1982), sometimes referred to as Junior, is a former Belgian footballer.	Gabriel N'Galula	1 June 1982
date of birth	Huang Kuo-chang (Chinese: 黃國昌, born 19 August 1973) is a Taiwanese politician, activist, legal scholar, researcher and writer.	Huang Kuo-chang	19 August 1973
date of birth	Yaya Diallo was born in 1946 in the village of Fienso (French Sudan) now Mali, to a nomadic Fula father and a Minianka mother.	Yaya Diallo	1946
date of birth	Magdolna Patóh (born 12 May 1948) is a retired Hungarian swimmer who won a silver medal in the 4×100 m freestyle relay at the 1970 European Aquatics Championships.	Magdolna Patóh	12 May 1948
date of birth	Rainer Köttstorfer (born 2 August 1981) is a German professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently an Unrestricted Free Agent.	Rainer Köttstorfer	2 August 1981
date of birth	Huo Ke (Chinese: 霍克; pinyin: Huò Kè; born August 1961) is a former Chinese political operative who served as an aide to senior official Ling Jihua.	Huo Ke	August 1961
date of birth	David Evans Shaw (born 1951) is an American managing partner of Black Point Group, with wide ranging interests in technology companies and public service.	David Evans Shaw	1951
date of birth	William Busfield (1773 -- 1851) was an English politician, Whig Member of Parliament for Bradford from 1837 to his death.	William Busfield	1773
date of birth	Marcela Kloosterboer (born 5 July 1983) is an Argentine actress and occasional singer.	Marcela Kloosterboer	5 July 1983
date of birth	Pele Peletelese (born 22 April 1984 in New Zealand) is a professional rugby league footballer in the National Rugby League completion.	Pele Peletelese	22 April 1984
date of birth	Anita Håkenstad (born 19 February 1968 in Oslo) is a Norwegian long-distance runner who specialized in marathon races and cross-country running.	Anita Håkenstad	19 February 1968
date of birth	Edward E. ``Ted'' Paramore III (January 13, 1928-July 8, 2008) was an American pornographic film director best known by his stage name Harold Lime.	Harold Lime	1928
date of birth	Pamela Zoline or Pamela Lifton-Zoline (born in Chicago in 1941) is a writer and painter living in the United States in Telluride, Colorado.	Pamela Zoline	1941
date of birth	Juana Coello (Madrid 1548 -?) was the wife of Antonio Pérez, Secretary of State of Philip II of Spain, famous for having helped her husband escape from prison.	Juana Coello	1548
date of birth	Grenville Dietrich (born 5 March 1960) is a retired Australian Rules football player who played for the North Adelaide and West Torrens football clubs in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) between 1982 and 1988.	Grenville Dietrich	5 March 1960
date of birth	Eugenio Lascorz y Labastida (26 March 1886 - 1 June 1962) was a pretender who claimed connection to several dynasties of the Byzantine Empire.	Eugenio Lascorz	26 March 1886
date of birth	Tosin Oke (born 1 October 1980 in London, England) is a Nigerian track and field athlete, who competes in the triple jump.	Tosin Oke	1 October 1980
date of birth	Katja Aßmann (born 28 May 1971) is a German curator and cultural manager.	Katja Aßmann	28 May 1971
date of birth	Patrick Osmund Lewry (1929--1987) was a Dominican who made significant contributions to the history of logic and the philosophy of language in the thirteenth century.	Osmund Lewry	1929
date of birth	Madurawelage Don Udara Supeksha Jayasundera (born 3 January 1991), more commonly known as Udara Jayasundera, is a Sri Lankan cricketer.	Udara Jayasundera	3 January 1991
date of birth	Luc de la Corne, (1711 -- October 1, 1784) also known as Saint Luc, was the son of Jean-Louis de La Corne de Chaptes (1666-1732), King's Lieutenant at Montreal, and Marie Pécaudy de Contrecœur.	Luc de la Corne	1711
date of birth	Lars Ketil Strand (born 11 May 1924) is a Norwegian forester.	Lars Ketil Strand	11 May 1924
date of birth	Boston Charley (1854 -- October 3, 1873) was a warrior in the Modoc War of 1872.	Boston Charley	1854
date of birth	Robert Sloan (born 14 July 1983) is a Scottish footballer, currently playing for Bo'ness United in the Scottish Junior Football Association, East Region.	Robert Sloan	14 July 1983
date of birth	Stuart Graham (born 9 January 1942) is a British former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer and Saloon car racing specialist.	Stuart Graham	9 January 1942
date of birth	Jeremy Brooks (17 December 1926 -- 27 June 1994) was a novelist, poet, and dramatist.	Jeremy Brooks	17 December 1926
date of birth	Viceré Marchese Francesco Jacomoni di San Savino (31 August 1893 -- 17 February 1973) was an Italian diplomat and governor of Albania before and during World War II.	Francesco Jacomoni	31 August 1893
date of birth	Lisa Oppenheim (born 1975) is an American multimedia artist.	Lisa Oppenheim	1975
date of birth	Giovanni Benedetti (born 12 March 1917) is an Italian Prelate of Roman Catholic Church.	Giovanni Benedetti	12 March 1917
date of birth	Richard C. Mulligan, Ph.D., (born 1954) is the Mallinckrodt Professor of Genetics at Harvard Medical School, and Director of the Harvard Gene Therapy Initiative.	Richard C. Mulligan	1954
date of birth	Ken Houghton (born 18 October 1939 in Rotherham) is a former football midfielder and manager.	Ken Houghton	18 October 1939
date of birth	Daniel Morelon (born 24 July 1944) is a retired French racing cyclist who was active between 1963 and 1980.	Daniel Morelon	24 July 1944
date of birth	Diana Haddad (Arabic: ديانا حداد‎) (born 1 October 1976) is a Lebanese singer and television personality who also holds an Emirati citizenship and is based in the United Arab Emirates.	Diana Haddad	1 October 1976
date of birth	Augustin Kontchou Kouomegni (born 1945) is a Cameroonian political figure who served in the government of Cameroon from 1990 to 2001.	Augustin Kontchou Kouomegni	1945
date of birth	Rebecca Prichard (born 1971) is English author and playwright, and one of the major contributors to the In-yer-face theatre movement.	Rebecca Prichard	1971
date of birth	Stefano Zacchiroli (born 16 March 1979) is an Italian academic and computer scientist who lives and works in Paris, and a former Debian Project Leader, having this position between April 2010 and April 2013.	Stefano Zacchiroli	16 March 1979
date of birth	Jaume Sastre i Font (Sant Joan, Mallorca, 16 May 1959) is a Spanish literature and Catalan language teacher in Mallorca.	Jaume Sastre	16 May 1959
date of birth	Sha'ari Tadin (2 August 1932 -- 13 December 2009) was a Member of Parliament (MP), and Senior Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Culture in the Singapore Government.	Sha'ari Tadin	2 August 1932
date of birth	John Keston (born Francis Douglas Arthur Caston, 5 December 1924) is an English-born actor and singer, and a world-record-holding runner.	John Keston	5 December 1924
date of birth	Charles P. Ries (born 1951) is the vice president, International at the Rand Corporation.	Charles P. Ries	1951
date of birth	Sojun Mel Weitsman (born 1929), born Mel Weitsman, is the founder, abbot and guiding teacher of Berkeley Zen Center located in Berkeley, California.	Mel Weitsman	1929
date of birth	Gary Shail (born 10 November 1959) is an English actor, director, producer and musician.	Gary Shail	10 November 1959
date of birth	Melissa Comin De Candido (born 28 July 1983) is an Italian figure roller skater.	Melissa Comin De Candido	28 July 1983
date of birth	David Zhu ((traditional Chinese (HK)): 朱戴维), born on 17 August 1990, is a Chinese racing driver competing in the FIA Formula Two Championship.	David Zhu	17 August 1990
date of birth	Ellie Crisell (born 19 July 1976) is an English journalist and television presenter working for the BBC.	Ellie Crisell	19 July 1976
date of birth	Mahendrasinh Chauhan (born 1 November 1953 in Village-Bamanva District-Mehsana) is an Indian politician from Gujarat State and member of Bhartiya Janata Party.	Mahendrasinh Chauhan	1 November 1953
date of birth	Wilfred Mugeyi (born 4 July 1969) is a Zimbabwean former footballer who is currently coach at South African Premier Soccer League club AmaZulu FC.	Wilfred Mugeyi	4 July 1969
date of birth	John Andrew Crossan (born 29 November 1938), commonly known as Jobby or Johnny Crossan, is a Northern Irish author, radio sports analyst, entrepreneur, and former football player.	Johnny Crossan	29 November 1938
date of birth	Indira Kanwar (c. 1696 - ?; Hindi: इंदिरा कंवर) was Empress of the Mughal Empire as the second wife Emperor Farrukhsiyar.	Indira Kanwar	1696
date of birth	Miguel Ángel Brindisi de Marco (born 8 October 1950) is an Argentine football coach and former attacking midfield player.	Miguel Ángel Brindisi	8 October 1950
date of birth	James William Tobin (1808 -- July 24, 1881) was a merchant, official and politician in Newfoundland.	James William Tobin	1808
date of birth	Mehdi Bijari (Persian: مهدی بیجاری‎, born 5 December 1983) is an Iranian handball player for Samen Sabzevar and the Iranian national team.	Mehdi Bijari	5 December 1983
date of birth	Tulsidas Borkar (born 18 November 1934, in Borim, Goa) is an Indian musician, known for playing harmonium solo and his syle of accompanying in Hindustani rag sangeet and allied forms .	Tulsidas Borkar	18 November 1934
date of birth	Tord Øverland Knudsen (born 24 July 1982) is a Norwegian musician living in England, best known for playing bass, keyboard, and backup vocals for The Wombats.	Tord Øverland Knudsen	24 July 1982
date of birth	Katariina Souri (born 27 October 1968 as Minna Katariina ``Kata'' Kärkkäinen) is a Finnish author, artist, columnist and Playboy's Playmate of the Month for December, 1988.	Katariina Souri	27 October 1968
date of birth	Issam Merdassi (Arabic: عصام المرداسي) (born 16 March 1981) is a Tunisian footballer.	Issam Merdassi	16 March 1981
date of birth	Colin Thain (born 20 January 1959) is Professor of Political Science and a former Head of the Department of Political Science and International Studies at the University of Birmingham.	Colin Thain	20 January 1959
date of birth	Jan Baan (Born in Rijssen, 9 March 1946) is a Dutch entrepreneur and venture capitalist, known as the founder of the The Baan Company, a software company providing Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) software.	Jan Baan	9 March 1946
date of birth	Daniela Fejerman (born 1964) is an Argentine director and film writer and a licensed psychologist.	Daniela Fejerman	1964
date of birth	Sacha Bennett (born 11 May 1971) is a British actor, writer, producer and director for film and television.	Sacha Bennett	11 May 1971
date of birth	William Crosbie, 1st Earl of Glandore (May 1716 -- 11 April 1781), known as The Lord Brandon between 1762 and 1771 and as The Viscount Crosbie between 1771 and 1776, was an Irish politician.	William Crosbie, 1st Earl of Glandore	May 1716
date of birth	Martin Yeates (born 24 November 1953 in Salisbury, England) is a former speedway rider who most prominently rode for the Poole Pirates and the Weymouth Wildcats.	Martin Yeates	24 November 1953
date of birth	Mary Freehill (born 22 July 1946) is a Dublin City Councillor and was the 329th Lord Mayor of Dublin, serving during the Millennium Year from 5 July 1999 to 3 July 2000.	Mary Freehill	22 July 1946
date of birth	Bruce Petty, born in 1929 at Doncaster, a suburb of Melbourne, is one of Australia's best known political satirists and cartoonists.	Bruce Petty	1929
date of birth	Kim Adams (born 17 December 1951) is a Canadian sculptor who creates assemblage in different scales.	Kim Adams	1951
date of birth	James Gall (1808-- 7 February 1895) was a Scottish clergyman who founded the Carrubbers Close Mission.	James Gall	1808
date of birth	Couzin Ed (born 1968) is an American bar manager and former radio disc jockey who resides in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Couzin Ed	1968
date of birth	Manfred Preis (born 1954 in Hengersberg) is a German bass clarinetist and saxophonist.	Manfred Preis	1954
date of birth	Seán FitzPatrick (born 25 May 1948) was chairman of Anglo Irish Bank until he resigned in December 2008 amid mounting revelations over hidden loans.	Seán FitzPatrick	25 May 1948
date of birth	Mahmoud Harbi Farah (Arabic: محمود الحربي‎) (b. 1921-October 1960) was a Somali politician.	Mahmoud Harbi	1921
date of birth	Jonathan Whitehead is an award winning music composer, born in 1960 in Denton, Lancashire, who is most noted for writing music for television comedies such as The Day Today, Brass Eye, Black Books, Green Wing, Campus and Nathan Barley.	Jonathan Whitehead	1960
date of birth	Rubi Noor was born in 1945 at the Kotwali residence of the Khan Chowdhurys.	Rubi Noor	1945
date of birth	Bernie Purcell (1928--2001) was an Australian rugby league premiership winning footballer and coach.	Bernie Purcell	1928
date of birth	Yuri Mamin (Russian: Юрий Борисович Мамин; born 8 May 1946) is a celebrated Soviet and Russian film director, stage director, screenwriter, composer, author and television host, Honored Art Worker of the Russian Federation.	Yuri Mamin	8 May 1946
date of birth	Francis Lodwick (or Lodowick; 1619--1694) was a pioneer of a priori languages (what in the seventeenth century was called a 'philosophical language').	Francis Lodwick	1619
date of birth	Cara Rafaela is a grey Kentucky thoroughbred mare born in 1993 by the stallion Quiet American out of a Spectacular Bid mare Oil Fable.	Cara Rafaela	1993
date of birth	Dzmitry Marshin (born 15 September 1972 in Mogilev) is an Azerbaijani athlete of Belarusian descent.	Dzmitry Marshin	15 September 1972
date of birth	Morgan Parker (born 1974) is an Australian real estate executive and philanthropic adventurer who founded the non-profit organisation Wheel2Wheel.	Morgan Parker	1974
date of birth	Fortesa Hoti (born 6 December 1988 in Polac village Skenderaj, Kosovo) is a Swedish actress.	Fortesa Hoti	6 December 1988
date of birth	Govinda Raj Bhattarai(Nepali-गोविन्दराज भट्टराई) (27 July 1953 AD) is a Nepalese novelist, essayist, literary critic, linguist and translation consultant.	Govinda Raj Bhattarai	27 July 1953
date of birth	Sahara Beck (born 1996) is an Australian singer and songwriter, residing in Sunshine Coast, Queensland.	Sahara Beck	1996
date of birth	Sir John Tooley (born 1 June 1924) is a former general director of the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, London.	John Tooley	1 June 1924
date of birth	Robert Ellis Dunn (1928 - July 5, 1996) was an American musician and choreographer who led classes in dance composition, contributing to the birth of the postmodern dance period in the early 1960s in New York City.	Robert Ellis Dunn	1928
date of birth	Alaina Williams (born 30 January 1990) is an American trampolinist.	Alaina Williams	30 January 1990
date of birth	He Weirong (Chinese: 何为荣; born October 1949) is a retired lieutenant general (zhong jiang) of the People's Liberation Army Air Force (PLAAF) of China.	He Weirong	1949
date of birth	Brenda Wairimu (born 3 May 1989) is a Kenyan actress and model known for her role in soap opera, Mali.	Brenda Wairimu	3 May 1989
date of birth	Tor Fretheim (born 13 May 1946) is a Norwegian journalist and author of children's literature.	Tor Fretheim	13 May 1946
date of birth	Jacob Mountain junior was born at Thwaite Hall on 1 December 1749.	Jacob Mountain	1 December 1749
date of birth	Neill Lochery (born 1965) is a Scottish author and leading historian on the modern history of Europe and the Mediterranean Middle East.	Neill Lochery	1965
date of birth	Shara Proctor (born 16 September 1988) is an Anguillan-born long jumper, competing for Great Britain since 2011.	Shara Proctor	16 September 1988
date of birth	Daniele Romano (born 5 May 1993) is an Italian footballer who plays for Swiss Challenge League side Wohlen on loan from Aarau.	Daniele Romano	5 May 1993
date of birth	John H. Carrington (born 25 October 1934) is a Republican former member of the North Carolina General Assembly who long represented the state's fifteenth Senate district, including constituents in Wake county.	John H. Carrington	25 October 1934
date of birth	Mary Bucholtz (born 29 October 1966), is professor of linguistics at UC Santa Barbara.	Mary Bucholtz	29 October 1966
date of birth	Toni Jerrman (born 1964) is critic and editor of the Finnish sci-fi magazine Tähtivaeltaja.	Toni Jerrman	1964
date of birth	Meriwether Smith (1730 -- January 25, 1790) was an American planter from Essex County, Virginia.	Meriwether Smith	1730
date of birth	Dr. Morag Crichton Timbury, née McCulloch FRSE FRCP, FRCPath (born c. 1930) is a Scottish medical virologist, bacteriologist and science writer.	Morag Crichton Timbury	1930
date of birth	Wilhelmina Geddes (1887--1955) was an Irish stained glass artist.	Wilhelmina Geddes	1887
date of birth	Terry St. Louis (born December 23, 1969) is a former Trinidadian footballer who played the majority of his career in the USL A-League.	Terry St. Louis	1969
date of birth	Devika or Prameela Devi (25 April 1943 -- 2 May 2002) was a Tamil and Telugu actress.	Devika	25 April 1943
date of birth	Lucien Favre (born 2 November 1957) is a Swiss football manager and former footballer.	Lucien Favre	2 November 1957
date of birth	Reverend John Chilembwe (1871 -- February 3, 1915) was a Baptist pastor and educator, who trained as a minister in the United States, returning to Nyasaland in 1901.	John Chilembwe	1871
date of birth	Norm Hillard (3 June 1915 -- 24 April 1986) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Norm Hillard	3 June 1915
date of birth	Jure Godler (born 24 March 1984) is a Slovenian writer, actor, composer and comedian.	Jure Godler	24 March 1984
date of birth	Cesare Filippi, the younger son and pupil of Camillo Filippi, was born at Ferrara in 1536.	Cesare Filippi	1536
date of birth	Paul Mariner (born 22 May 1953) is an English football coach and retired player.	Paul Mariner	22 May 1953
date of birth	Parvin Soleimani (Persian: پروین سلیمانی‎ : 13 June 1922 -- June 1, 2009) was an Iranian actress of theater and cinema, who dedicated over 60 years of her life to Iranian art and cinema.	Parvin Soleimani	13 June 1922
date of birth	Rupert Davies FRSA (22 May 1916 -- 22 November 1976) was a British actor best remembered for playing the title role in the BBC's 1960s television adaptation of Maigret, based on Georges Simenon's Maigret novels.	Rupert Davies	22 May 1916
date of birth	Nita Kapoor (born 24 November 1956) is an Indian-Norwegian cultural director.	Nita Kapoor	24 November 1956
date of birth	Elena Farago (born Elena Paximade; 29 March 1878--3 January 1954) was a Romanian poet, translator and children's author.	Elena Farago	29 March 1878
date of birth	Jason Dormon (born 2 May 1971) is a British bassist and venue owner.	Jason Dormon	2 May 1971
date of birth	Joseph Galien OP (born 1699, Saint-Paulien, France) was a Dominican professor of philosophy and theology at the University of Avignon, meteorologist, physicist, and writer on aeronautics.	Joseph Galien	1699
date of birth	André Joyal (born 1943) is a professor of mathematics at the Université du Québec à Montréal who works on category theory.	André Joyal	1943
date of birth	Mika Kristian Karppinen, better known as Gas Lipstick (born 8 February 1971), is a Swedish-Finnish musician, best known as the previous drummer of the Finnish rock group HIM.	Gas Lipstick	8 February 1971
date of birth	José Ramón Andrés Puerta (born 13 July 1969), known as José Andrés, is a Spanish American chef often credited for bringing the small plates dining concept to America.	José Andrés	13 July 1969
date of birth	Renata Knapik-Miazga (born 15 July 1988) is a Polish épée fencer, bronze medallist at the 2013 European Fencing Championships.	Renata Knapik-Miazga	15 July 1988
date of birth	György Nébald (born 9 March 1956) is a Hungarian fencer, who has won three Olympic medals in the team sabre competition.	György Nébald	9 March 1956
date of birth	Olivia De Berardinis, or simply Olivia (born November 1948) is an American artist who is known for her paintings of women, often referred to as pinup or cheesecake art. She has been working in this genre since the mid-1970s.	Olivia De Berardinis	1948
date of birth	Braíma Injai (born 6 October 1975), known as Braíma, is a Guinea Bissauan retired footballer.	Braíma Injai	6 October 1975
date of birth	George Bosl (born 1948) is an American cancer researcher, holder of the Patrick M. Byrne Chair in Clinical Oncology at the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York City, and is a Professor of Medicine at the Weill Cornell Medical College.	George Bosl	1948
date of birth	Antonio Sacre (born September 23, 1968) is an American author, solo performer, and storyteller.	Antonio Sacre	1968
date of birth	Ada Mee (* 1946 in Thuringia) is a German artist acting in Heidelberg and expressing her art in various techniques (painting, lithography, photography).	Ada Mee	1946
date of birth	Cesca Chenevix Trench (1881 -- 1918) was an Anglo-Irish woman who became an Irish Nationalist illustrator.	Cesca Chenevix Trench	1881
date of birth	Richard Midgley (born 7 July 1983 in Burgess Hill, England) is a retired British professional basketball player who finished his career at the age of 26.	Richard Midgley	7 July 1983
date of birth	Chris Doherty (born 1965 in Braintree, Massachusetts) is a musician, singer-songwriter best known as the founder of hardcore punk band Gang Green.	Chris Doherty	1965
date of birth	Norman Stiles is a television writer, born in 1942, best known for his work on the show Sesame Street from 1971 until approximately 1995.	Norman Stiles	1942
date of birth	Frank LoPorto (born 7 February 1978) is an Australian professional boxer and the current PABA Super Welterweight Champion.	Frank LoPorto	7 February 1978
date of birth	Claudia Fassaert (born 11 July 1970) is a Belgian Olympic dressage rider.	Claudia Fassaert	11 July 1970
date of birth	Andrew Bolt (born 26 September 1959) is an Australian journalist, newspaper columnist, radio commentator, blogger and television host.	Andrew Bolt	26 September 1959
date of birth	Richard Corsie MBE (born 27 November 1966) is a Scottish bowls player, widely considered to be among the best bowls players of all time.	Richard Corsie	27 November 1966
date of birth	Tor Erling Staff (born 22 February 1933) is a Norwegian barrister.	Tor Erling Staff	22 February 1933
date of birth	William Pengelly, FRS FGS (12 January 1812 -- 16 March 1894) was a British geologist and early archaeologist who was one of the first to contribute proof that the Biblical chronology of the earth calculated by Archbishop James Ussher was incorrect.	William Pengelly	12 January 1812
date of birth	Wude Ayalew Yimer (Amharic: ውዴ ፡ አያሌው ፡ ይመር; born 4 July 1987 in Gojjam) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner.	Wude Ayalew	4 July 1987
date of birth	Andrew Summers Rowan (23 April 1857, Gap Mills -- 10 January 1943) was an American Army officer who served as the liaison between the United States and Cuban rebels led by General Calixto García during the Spanish American War.	Andrew Summers Rowan	23 April 1857
date of birth	Angela Tsun (born 27 August 1982) is an Australian television and radio presenter, who is notable for presenting the weather.	Angela Tsun	27 August 1982
date of birth	Emanuil Manolov (Bulgarian: Емануил Манолов) (7 January 1860 -- 2 February 1902) was a Bulgarian composer.	Emanuil Manolov	7 January 1860
date of birth	Lillie Pierce Voss (born 15 August 1876 - died 14 September 1967) was an early South Florida pioneer, inducted in to the Florida Women's Hall of Fame by the Florida Commission on the Status of Women in 2012/2013.	Lillie Pierce Voss	15 August 1876
date of birth	Ekrem Buğra Ekinci (born 1966) is a Turkish academic.	Ekrem Buğra Ekinci	1966
date of birth	Rufus Curry (31 August 1859 -- 18 August 1934) was a manufacturer and painter in Nova Scotia.	Rufus Curry	31 August 1859
date of birth	Zenon Waraszkiewicz (1909--1946) was a Polish mathematician who introduced Waraszkiewicz spirals.	Zenon Waraszkiewicz	1909
date of birth	Jorge Taufua (born 23 October 1991) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Manly Warringah Sea Eagles in the National Rugby League.	Jorge Taufua	23 October 1991
date of birth	Bastian Trinker (born 11 May 1990) is an Austrian professional tennis player.	Bastian Trinker	11 May 1990
date of birth	Pamela Conti (born 4 April 1982) is an Italian football attacking midfielder currently playing for Torres CF in the Serie A and the Italian national team.	Pamela Conti	4 April 1982
date of birth	Dominic Powlesland (DUniv) (FSA) (1954-) is a British landscape archaeologist based in North Yorkshire.	Dominic Powlesland	1954
date of birth	Leszek Sułek (born April 18, 1954 in Piotrowice near Zawichost) is a Polish politician.	Leszek Sułek	1954
date of birth	Klaus Heymann (born 22 October 1936) is a German entrepreneur and the founder and head of the Naxos record label.	Klaus Heymann	22 October 1936
date of birth	Air Chief Marshal Sir Robert James Michael Alcock GCB, KBE, FREng, FIMechE, FRAeS (born 11 July 1936), usually referred to as Sir Michael Alcock, is a retired senior Royal Air Force commander and an aerospace consultant.	Michael Alcock	11 July 1936
date of birth	Garey Hayden (1944 -- February 5, 2015) was an American professional bridge player and instructor from Tucson, Arizona.	Garey Hayden	1944
date of birth	Ignazio Cannavò (Italian pronunciation: (iɲˈɲattsjo kannaˈvɔ);12 December 1921 -- 18 October 2015) was an Italian Prelate of Roman Catholic Church.	Ignazio Cannavò	12 December 1921
date of birth	Shlomo Dykman (Hebrew: שלמה דיקמן‎; born 10 February 1917, died 1965) was a Polish-Israeli translator and classical scholar.	Shlomo Dykman	10 February 1917
date of birth	Kelly Cates (née Dalglish, born on 28 September 1975) is a Scottish television presenter, currently working for Radio 5 Live.	Kelly Cates	28 September 1975
date of birth	Martin Condon, born 1857 in Hawkins County, was Knoxville, Tennessee's first Irish Catholic mayor.	Martin Condon	1857
date of birth	Eid Al-Fayez (Arabic: عيد الفايز),(born 1945) is a Jordanian politician.	Eid Al-Fayez	1945
date of birth	Mariella Farré (born 1963 in Thurgau as Gabriella Filomeno) is a Swiss singer of Italian descent, best known for her participation in the Eurovision Song Contests of 1983 and 1985.	Mariella Farré	1963
date of birth	Slávek Horák (born 12 January 1975) in Zlín is a Czech film director, screenwriter and actor.	Slávek Horák	12 January 1975
date of birth	Sir Timothy John Robert Whyte Ackroyd, 3rd Baronet (born 7 October 1958), known as Timothy Ackroyd, is an English actor.	Timothy Ackroyd	7 October 1958
date of birth	Laura Kasischke (born 1961) is an American fiction writer and American poet.	Laura Kasischke	1961
date of birth	Helen Buday (born 1962) is an Australian theatre, TV, movie actress and singer.	Helen Buday	1962
date of birth	Tadeusz Szeligowski (13 September 1896 - 10 January 1963) was a Polish composer, educator, lawyer and music organizer.	Tadeusz Szeligowski	13 September 1896
date of birth	Onorio Ruotolo (1888--1966) was an Italian-American sculptor and poet, once known as the ``Rodin of Little Italy.''	Onorio Ruotolo	1888
date of birth	Rafail Ostrovsky (born 1963) is a professor of computer science and mathematics at UCLA and a well-known researcher in algorithms and cryptography.	Rafail Ostrovsky	1963
date of birth	Mireille Gigandet-Donders (née Mireille Donders; born 7 July 1974) is a retired Swiss athlete who specialised in the sprinting events.	Mireille Gigandet-Donders	7 July 1974
date of birth	Christian Nielsen Lund (13 January 1846 -- 5 July 1921) was a Mormon pioneer and a member of the Utah Territorial Legislature.	Christian Nielsen Lund	13 January 1846
date of birth	Sima Ai or Sima Yi (司馬乂) (277--304), courtesy name Shidu (士度), formally Prince Li of Changsha (長沙厲王), was a Jin Dynasty (265-420) imperial prince who briefly served as regent for his brother Emperor Hui.	Sima Ai	277
date of birth	Kate Morton (born 1976) is an international bestselling Australian author.	Kate Morton	1976
date of birth	Anna Safroncik (Ukrainian: Анна Сафрончік, born 4 January 1981) is a Ukrainian-born Italian actress and model.	Anna Safroncik	4 January 1981
date of birth	Charles Mitford (born 31 May 1785 in England; died 30 October 1831 at Brighton, Sussex) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket in 1815.	Charles Mitford	31 May 1785
date of birth	Billy Stark (born 1 December 1956) is a Scottish football player and coach, who is currently assistant manager at Scottish League One side Albion Rovers.	Billy Stark	1 December 1956
date of birth	Thomas Vigne (1771 in England -- 30 March 1841 at Woodford Wells, Essex) was an English amateur cricketer.	Thomas Vigne	1771
date of birth	Gary Pritchard (born 1970) is a professional broadcaster and journalist.	Gary Pritchard	1970
date of birth	Detlev Mehlis (born 1949) is the Senior Public Prosecutor in the Office of the Attorney General in Berlin.	Detlev Mehlis	1949
date of birth	Stig-Göran Myntti (born 6 August 1925) is a Finnish former footballer and bandy player.	Stig-Göran Myntti	6 August 1925
date of birth	Juan Cruz Mascia (born 3 January 1994) is a professional footballer who plays as a striker for Nacional in the Uruguayan Primera División.	Juan Cruz Mascia	3 January 1994
date of birth	Gustavo Díaz-Jerez (27 February 1970, Tenerife) is a Spanish pianist and composer.	Gustavo Díaz-Jerez	27 February 1970
date of birth	Jason Maroney (born 19 March 1967) is an Australian shooter.	Jason Maroney	19 March 1967
date of birth	Tony Thoma (born 1 April 1977 in South Africa) is a Cypriot rugby player who plays for the Cyprus national rugby union team.	Tony Thoma	1 April 1977
date of birth	Juan Pablo Sorín (born 5 May 1976) is an Argentine former footballer and current sports broadcaster, who played as a left back or left midfielder.	Juan Pablo Sorín	5 May 1976
date of birth	John James Knight (7 June 1863 -- 24 November 1927) was an Australian journalist, newspaper editor and historian.	John James Knight	7 June 1863
date of birth	Vincenzo Montella (Italian pronunciation: (vinˈtʃɛntso monˈtɛlla); born 18 June 1974) is a retired Italian footballer, who played as a striker, and who is currently a manager of Sampdoria.	Vincenzo Montella	18 June 1974
date of birth	Henri Safran (born 7 October 1932) is a Paris-born director who worked extensively in Australia.	Henri Safran	7 October 1932
date of birth	Wolfram Arer (23 July 1997) is an Italian singer, instrumentalist, and songwriter.	Wolfram Arer	23 July 1997
date of birth	Ken-ichi Kawarabayashi (Japanese: 河原林 健一, born 1975) is a Japanese graph theorist who works as a professor at the National Institute of Informatics and is known for his research on graph minors.	Ken-ichi Kawarabayashi	1975
date of birth	Tan Sri Datuk Amar Ong Kee Hui (1914--2000) was a Malaysian Chinese politician and founder / President of the Sarawak United People's Party (founded 12 June 1959).	Ong Kee Hui	1914
date of birth	William Tedmarsh (3 February 1876 - 10 May 1937) was an English-American early silent film actor.	William Tedmarsh	3 February 1876
date of birth	Matthew Hogg (born 21 December 1968) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Footscray and Carlton.	Matthew Hogg	21 December 1968
date of birth	Thomas C. Slater was born in Providence, Rhode Island 21 May 1945 to Thomas J. and Edith M. (Simpson) Slater.	Thomas C. Slater	21 May 1945
date of birth	Tom Shroder (born 1954 in New York City) is a journalist, writer and editor who worked for the Washington Post for many years.	Tom Shroder	1954
date of birth	Burl Reid (born 31 August 1978 in Launceston, Tasmania) is an Australian butterfly swimmer.	Burl Reid	31 August 1978
date of birth	Lausii Taliauli (born 8 June 1993) is a New Zealand-born Australian rugby union footballer who currently plays as a winger for the Brumbies in Super Rugby.	Lausii Taliauli	8 June 1993
date of birth	Lee Soon-ok (born 1947) is a former prisoner of a North Korean political prison and a defector.	Lee Soon-ok	1947
date of birth	Lajos Kürthy (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈlɒjoʃ ˈkyrti); born 22 October 1986) is a Hungarian shot putter.	Lajos Kürthy	22 October 1986
date of birth	Gary Fleming (born 17 February 1967) is a retired footballer from Derry, Northern Ireland.	Gary Fleming	17 February 1967
date of birth	Piotr Semenenko (June 29, 1814 - November 18, 1886) was a leading Polish theologists of the Roman Catholic Church in the 19th century.	Piotr Semenenko	1814
date of birth	Murong Chao (Chinese: 慕容超; 385--410), courtesy name Zuming (祖明), was the last emperor of the Chinese/Xianbei state Southern Yan.	Murong Chao	385
date of birth	Grégory Katz-Bénichou (1971) is a French academic and executive manager.	Grégory Katz	1971
date of birth	Chris Wu or Wu Kangren (Chinese: 吳慷仁; Wade--Giles: Wu K'ang-jen; born 24 November 1982) is a Taiwanese model and actor.	Chris Wu	24 November 1982
date of birth	T. Colin Campbell (born, January 1, 1934) is an American biochemist who specializes in the effect of nutrition on long-term health.	T. Colin Campbell	1934
date of birth	Sophy Rickett (born 22 September 1970) is a visual artist, working with photography and video/sound installation.	Sophy Rickett	22 September 1970
date of birth	Branko Jelić (Serbian Cyrillic: Бpaнкo Jeлић; born 5 May 1977 in Banja Luka) is a retired Bosnian Serb football player.	Branko Jelić	5 May 1977
date of birth	Alan Dodd (born 20 September 1953) is an English former professional footballer who played in England for Stoke City, Wolverhampton Wanderers and Port Vale; he also played in Sweden and the Republic of Ireland.	Alan Dodd	20 September 1953
date of birth	Chirayu Isarangkun Na Ayuthaya (จิรายุ อิศรางกูร ณ อยุธยา, rtgs: Chirayu Itsarangkun Na Ayutthaya, Thai pronunciation: (t͡ɕìʔraːjúʔ ʔìtsàʔraːŋkuːn náʔ ʔàʔjúttʰáʔjaː); born 12 November 1943) is a Thai economist and court official.	Chirayu Isarangkun Na Ayuthaya	12 November 1943
date of birth	Jenny Nilson (born 4 February 1973) is a Swedish ballet dancer and actress.	Jenny Nilson	4 February 1973
date of birth	The Right Rev. Wiktor Wysoczański (born 24 March 1939 in Verkhne Vysotske) is notable as a Bishop and the present Superior (i.e., head Bishop) of the Polish Catholic Church.	Wiktor Wysoczański	24 March 1939
date of birth	Miloš Tichý (born 1966) is a Czech astronomer.	Miloš Tichý	1966
date of birth	Antoine Clamaran (born 8 November 1964) is a French house music artist and music remixer.	Antoine Clamaran	1964
date of birth	Mendy Werdyger (born 1959, Brooklyn, New York) is an American Hasidic Jewish singer, songwriter, and owner of the Jewish record label Aderet Records and its retail store, Mostly Music, on 13th Avenue in Boro Park, Brooklyn.	Mendy Werdyger	1959
date of birth	Lanford Monroe (1950--2000) was an internationally known American realist painter and sculptor.	Lanford Monroe	1950
date of birth	Aristo Sham (Chinese: 沈靖韜) (born 12 March 1996) is a young classical pianist and child prodigy born in Hong Kong.	Aristo Sham	12 March 1996
date of birth	Jörg Münzner (born 14 July 1960) is an Austrian equestrian and Olympic medalist.	Jörg Münzner	14 July 1960
date of birth	Daryl Janmaat (born 22 July 1989) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays for Newcastle United and the Dutch national team as a right back.	Daryl Janmaat	22 July 1989
date of birth	Patrick Bokanowski (born 23 June 1943 in Algiers, French Algeria) is a French filmmalker who makes experimental and animated films.	Patrick Bokanowski	1943
date of birth	Fred Yule (c. 1893, Norfolk -- 11 December 1982, Southend) was an English character actor, comedian and singer, mainly known for his appearances in post-war BBC Radio programmes such as ITMA, Ray's a Laugh, Band Waggon (1947 era) and The Archers.	Fred Yule	1893
date of birth	Chris Howland (30 July 1928 -- 29 November 2013) was a British radio and TV presenter.	Chris Howland	30 July 1928
date of birth	Archibald Davidson (c. 1732 -- 1803) was a Scottish Minister, Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland and Principal of Glasgow University.	Archibald Davidson	1732
date of birth	Bernard Faure (1948 - ) is a Franco-American author and scholar of Asian religions, who focuses on Chan/Zen and Japanese esoteric Buddhism.	Bernard Faure	1948
date of birth	Felix D'Alviella (born 30 September 1978) is a Belgian actor best known for his character Rico Da Silva in the BBC soap opera Doctors.	Felix D'Alviella	30 September 1978
date of birth	Gerald Blake (3 December 1928 -- 5 April 1991) was a television director during the 1960s to the 1980s.	Gerald Blake	3 December 1928
date of birth	Leesa Gazi (Bengali: লিসা গাজী; born 14 August 1969) is a Bangladeshi writer, playwright, theatre director and actress based in London.	Leesa Gazi	1969
date of birth	Roland Matthes (born 17 November 1950) is a retired German swimmer and the most successful backstroke swimmer of all times.	Roland Matthes	17 November 1950
date of birth	Wyatt Outlaw (1820 -- February 26, 1870) was the first African-American Town Commissioner and Constable of the Town of Graham, North Carolina.	Wyatt Outlaw	1820
date of birth	Kathleen Ferguson (born in Derry in 1958) is an Irish author known for The Maid's Tale.	Kathleen Ferguson	1958
date of birth	Ben Gulliver (born 13 June 1981 in Coventry) is a Rugby Union player, who currently plays for Bedford Blues.	Ben Gulliver	13 June 1981
date of birth	Edward Boscawen, 1st Earl of Falmouth (10 May 1787 -- 29 December 1841), known as the Viscount Falmouth between 1808 and 1821, was a British peer and politician.	Edward Boscawen, 1st Earl of Falmouth	10 May 1787
date of birth	Jim Falk (born 26 October 1946) is a physicist and academic researcher on science and technology studies.	Jim Falk	26 October 1946
date of birth	Arlyne Brickman (born 1934) is a former mafia informant and prostitute.	Arlyne Brickman	1934
date of birth	Helge Kringstad (born 10 July 1943) is a Norwegian banker, civil servant and politician for the Labour Party.	Helge Kringstad	10 July 1943
date of birth	Sir John Thomas Gilbert (b. in Dublin, 23 January 1829; d. there, 23 May 1898) was an Irish archivist, antiquarian and historian.	John Thomas Gilbert	23 January 1829
date of birth	Jonny Owen (born Jonathan Tudor Owen on 4 July 1971) is a Welsh producer, actor and writer who has appeared TV shows including Shameless, Murphys Law and My Family.	Jonny Owen	4 July 1971
date of birth	Yusuf Ali Chowdhury (1905--1971), commonly referred to as Mohan Mia, was a prominent Bengali Muslim politician in South Asia.	Yusuf Ali Chowdhury	1905
date of birth	Sergey Chuykov (born on 4 September 1980) is an Azerbaijani futsal player who plays for MFK Progress as a forward.	Sergey Chuykov	4 September 1980
date of birth	Edmond Novicki (born 20 September 1912, date of death unknown) was a Polish-born French football player who played with RC Lens, US Valenciennes, SC Fives and Olympique Lillois, as well as the French national team.	Edmond Novicki	20 September 1912
date of birth	Brita Catharina Lidbeck, also Brita Catharina Munck af Rosenschöld (1788 -- 2 March 1864) was a Swedish Dilettante concert singer.	Brita Catharina Lidbeck	1788
date of birth	Alessandro Specchi (1668 -- November 16, 1729) was an Italian architect and engraver.	Alessandro Specchi	1668
date of birth	Augustine Podmore Williams (22 May 1852 - 17 April 1916) was an English mariner who gained notoriety in the 1880s as the result of a scandal on the high seas.	Augustine Podmore Williams	22 May 1852
date of birth	Mahmoud Taha (Arabic: محمود طه‎) (born 1942) is a Jordanian artist, potter and ceramicist who is credited for improving the writing and calligraphy skills of many students in Jordanian schools.	Mahmoud Taha	1942
date of birth	Lijah Perkins (born 22 January 1977) in Birmingham, United Kingdom is a professional basketball player, currently signed to Worthing Thunder, playing as a Power forward or Centre.	Lijah Perkins	22 January 1977
date of birth	Joseph Park (born c. 1969) is a Korean American investment banker that founded Kozmo.com in 1997.	Joseph Park	1969
date of birth	Heinz Lorenz (7 August 1913 -- 23 November 1985) was German dictator Adolf Hitler's Deputy Chief Press Secretary during World War II.	Heinz Lorenz	7 August 1913
date of birth	Ernst Fasan (born 1926) is an Austrian lawyer and a recognized authority in space law, including Metalaw.	Ernst Fasan	1926
date of birth	Michael Januario (born in 1984) better known by his stage name M-Dot is an Italian-American rapper.	M-Dot	1984
date of birth	Amy Mathews (born 29 March 1979) is an Australian television, film and theatre actress.	Amy Mathews	29 March 1979
date of birth	Raja Dina Nath Madan (Razdan) (1795 - 1857) aka Diwan Dina Nath or Dina Nath, who was a Kashmiri, rose to the position of the Privy Seal and finance minister (Diwan) in the Punjab empire of Maharaja Ranjit Singh.	Raja Dina Nath	1795
date of birth	Nicholas Guy (fl. 1612 -- 1631) was one of the first settlers at the London and Bristol Company's Cuper's Cove, colony in Newfoundland, and was the father of the first English child born in Newfoundland and subsequently all of the country of Canada.	Nicholas Guy	1612
date of birth	Barbara Tate (2 June 1927--12 November 2009) was a British artist and writer, perhaps best known for her bestselling book West End Girls, which was published shortly after her death.	Barbara Tate	2 June 1927
date of birth	Suzy Spafford, also known as Suzy Spafford Lidstrom (born 1945), is an American cartoonist best known for drawing whimsical animal characters.	Suzy Spafford	1945
date of birth	Rocco Palmo (born 1983) is a Roman Catholic commentator and writer living in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Rocco Palmo	1983
date of birth	Jackie Brookner (1945 -- May 15, 2015) was an ecological artist, writer, and educator.	Jackie Brookner	1945
date of birth	Luca Curatoli (born 25 July 1994) is an Italian sabre fencer, team world champion in 2015 and team silver medallist at the 2015 European Championships.	Luca Curatoli	25 July 1994
date of birth	Patrick Kariuki Muiruri (born 5 December 1945) served in the Kenyan parliament for 10 years (1997--2007) representing Gatundu North Constituency.	Patrick Kariuki Muiruri	5 December 1945
date of birth	The Russian cellist Leonid Gorokhov (born 1967 in Saint Petersburg) studied at the St. Petersburg Conservatoire with Anatoli Nikitin and took part in masterclasses with Daniil Shafran.	Leonid Gorokhov	1967
date of birth	Guido Norman Lieber (21 May 1837, Columbia, South Carolina -- April 25, 1923) was a United States Army lawyer and jurist.	Guido Norman Lieber	21 May 1837
date of birth	Valon Saracini (born 24 July 1981) is the Minister of Economy of Macedonia.	Valon Saracini	24 July 1981
date of birth	Gottlieb Bodmer (1804--1837) was a German painter, designer, and lithographer.	Gottlieb Bodmer	1804
date of birth	Richard Prickett was born about 1777 in what is now Greene County, Pennsylvania.	Richard Prickett	1777
date of birth	Ajit Bhattacharjea (1924 -- 4 April 2011) was veteran Indian journalist, newspaper editor and campaigner for democratic rights, and the Right to Information Act.	Ajit Bhattacharjea	1924
date of birth	Daniel Kleinman (born 23 December 1955) is a British television commercial and music video director who has designed every title sequence for the James Bond series of films since 1995's GoldenEye, with the exception of 2008's Quantum of Solace (which was designed by the filmmaking and design collective, MK12).	Daniel Kleinman	23 December 1955
date of birth	Rosalind Halstead (born 18 July 1984 in Islington, London) is an English actress, model, and dancer.	Rosalind Halstead	18 July 1984
date of birth	Francis Clifford, 4th Earl of Cumberland (1559 -- 4 January 1641) was a member of the Clifford family which held the seat of Skipton from 1310 to 1676.	Francis Clifford, 4th Earl of Cumberland	1559
date of birth	Louis de Deyster (1656 -- 18 December 1711), also known as Lodewyk Deyster, was a Flemish artist and maker of musical instruments.	Louis de Deyster	1656
date of birth	Kanu Behl (born 13 June 1980) is an Indian film writer and director.	Kanu Behl	13 June 1980
date of birth	Nguyễn Hữu Anh Tài (born 28 February 1996) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Defender for V-League club Hoang Anh Gia Lai.	Nguyễn Hữu Anh Tài	28 February 1996
date of birth	Mahmoud Abdel-Moneim, commonly known as Kahraba, (born 13 April 1994) is an Egyptian footballer who currently plays for Egyptian Premier League side Zamalek SC.	Kahraba	13 April 1994
date of birth	Tamás Hausel (born 1972) is a Hungarian mathematician working in the areas of combinatorial, differential and algebraic geometry and topology.	Tamás Hausel	1972
date of birth	Georges Léonnec (1881 -- 1940), the brother of the novelist Félix Léonnec, began his career as a cartoonist selling drawings to newspapers in 1899.	Georges Léonnec	1881
date of birth	Mizanur Rahman (Bengali: মিজানুর রহমান; born 22 June 1983), better known by his stage name Mizan the Poet, is an English spoken word poet, activist and community worker.	Mizan the Poet	22 June 1983
date of birth	Mirko Selak (born 30 January 1978) is a Croatian football forward, currently playing for Croatian team NK Zmaj Makarska.	Mirko Selak	30 January 1978
date of birth	Tzvi Gluckin (born 1968) is a Jewish author, speaker, and musician.	Tzvi Gluckin	1968
date of birth	Piet Botha (born 18 July 1955) is a South African musician who is the frontman of the South African rock band Jack Hammer (in which he is known as ``The Hammer''), which has been an opening act for bands such as ZZ Top and he also performs solo.	Piet Botha	18 July 1955
date of birth	Viktor Ryzhenkov (born 25 August 1966) is an Uzbekistani former track and field athlete who competed for the Soviet Union in pole vault.	Viktor Ryzhenkov	25 August 1966
date of birth	Edward King Fordham (1750--1847) was an English banker and political reformer.	Edward King Fordham	1750
date of birth	James Charles Macnab of Macnab JP (14 April 1926 -- 11 January 2013), otherwise known as The Macnab, was the 23rd Chief of Clan Macnab, and a member of the Royal Company of Archers, Queen Elizabeth II's bodyguard in Scotland.	James Charles Macnab of Macnab	14 April 1926
date of birth	Kris Haddow (born Kris Clark on 24 June 1981) is a Scottish playwright, poet and performer, originally from Kirkconnel in Dumfries and Galloway.	Kris Haddow	24 June 1981
date of birth	Michio Ihara (born 1928, Paris) is a Japanese kinetic sculptor, educated in Japan who was influenced by the work of George Rickey.	Michio Ihara	1928
date of birth	Mahmoud Abou-Regaila (Arabic: محمود أبو رجيلة‎; born 9 September 1941), also known as Abo Regala, is a former Egyptian footballer and former head coach of Zamalek.	Mahmoud Abou-Regaila	9 September 1941
date of birth	Gentjana Rochi (also spelled Roki, born 17 September 1994) is a Macedonian football striker, currently playing for BV Cloppenburg in the German 2nd Bundesliga.	Gentjana Rochi	17 September 1994
date of birth	Xavier Waterkeyn (born 29 July 1965 in Argentina) is an Australian non-fiction and fiction writer and literary agent.	Xavier Waterkeyn	29 July 1965
date of birth	Hector Frederik Estrup Jungersen (13 January 1854 -- March 6, 1917) was a Danish marine zoologist born in Dejbjerg (today part of Ringkøbing-Skjern Municipality) .	Hector Frederik Estrup Jungersen	13 January 1854
date of birth	Darryl Dickson-Carr (born 1968) is an American editor and critic.	Darryl Dickson-Carr	1968
date of birth	Baron Koen Lenaerts (Dutch: (kuːn ˈleːnaːrts); born 20 December 1954 in Mortsel) is a Belgian Professor of European Law at the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven and the President of the European Court of Justice.	Koen Lenaerts	20 December 1954
date of birth	Seamus Haji (born 30 December 1968) is a British record producer, who had a number one on the UK Dance Chart, with a cover of Indeep's, ``Last Night a DJ Saved My Life''.	Seamus Haji	30 December 1968
date of birth	Jane Mayes (born 1989) is a Danish-British handball goalkeeper.	Jane Mayes	1989
date of birth	Stef Wils (born 8 February 1982) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Hungarian Nemzeti Bajnokság I-club Szombathelyi Haladás.	Stef Wils	8 February 1982
date of birth	Năm Cam (Vietnamese: Trương Văn Cam; April 22, 1948 -- June 3, 2004) was a notorious Vietnamese gangster.	Năm Cam	1948
date of birth	Brady Kurtz (born 27 September 1996) is an Australian speedway rider.	Brady Kurtz	27 September 1996
date of birth	Francis Lai (French: (fʁɑ̃sis lɛ); born 26 April 1932) is a French accordionist and composer, noted for his film scores.	Francis Lai	26 April 1932
date of birth	Giorgos Gavriilidis (Greek: Γιώργος Γαβριηλίδης; 1906 -- July 23, 1982) was a Greek actor.	Giorgos Gavriilidis	1906
date of birth	Chewang Norphel (born 1935) is an Indian civil engineer from Ladakh, who has built 12 artificial glaciers.	Chewang Norphel	1935
date of birth	Henry Stöhr (born 6 June 1960) is an East German judoka, who competed for the SC Dynamo Hoppegarten/ Sportvereinigung (SV) Dynamo.	Henry Stöhr	6 June 1960
date of birth	Nayla Moawad (Arabic: نائله معوض‎) (born 3 July 1940) is a Lebanese politician.	Nayla Moawad	3 July 1940
date of birth	Badri Kvaratskhelia (born 15 February 1965, in Nakipu, Georgian SSR) is a Georgia born Azerbaijani footballer.	Badri Kvaratskhelia	15 February 1965
date of birth	Edward Fellowes, 1st Baron de Ramsey DL (14 May 1809 -- 9 August 1887) was a British Conservative Member of Parliament.	Edward Fellowes, 1st Baron de Ramsey	14 May 1809
date of birth	Selwyn Baptiste (10 July 1936 -- 5 January 2012) was a pioneer of the introduction of the steel drum into Britain, forming the country's second steel band in 1967, and early organizer of London's Notting Hill Carnival.	Selwyn Baptiste	10 July 1936
date of birth	Luan Garcia Teixeira (born 10 May 1993), simply known as Luan, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a centre back for Vasco da Gama.	Luan Garcia	10 May 1993
date of birth	Jacques Talbot (12 November 1678 (bap) -- January 2, 1756) minor cleric, schoolmaster; b. at La Plaine (dept. of Maine-et-Loire), France, and baptized 12 Nov. 1678, son of Jacques Talbot and Mathurine Sylvain; d. 2 Jan. 1756 in Montreal.	Jacques Talbot	1678
date of birth	Hugues Randin (1628 -- c. 1680) was a French engineer in the employ of Governor Louis de Buade de Frontenac.	Hugues Randin	1628
date of birth	Lester Abrams (born 1945) is a singer, songwriter, musician and producer who has played with such artists as B.B. King, Stevie Wonder, Peabo Bryson, Quincy Jones, Manfred Mann, Brian Auger, The Average White Band, The Doobie Brothers, Rufus and many others.	Lester Abrams	1945
date of birth	Clinton L. Bardo (1868 -- 1937) was an American industrialist whose career included stints as general manager of the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad and president of New York Shipbuilding.	Clinton L. Bardo	1868
date of birth	Victor Erle Nash-Williams (1897--1955) was a noted Welsh archaeologist.	Victor Erle Nash-Williams	1897
date of birth	Miguel Ángel de la Campa y Caraveda (8 December 1882 -- 19 August 1965) was a Cuban diplomat, lawyer and author.	Miguel Ángel de la Campa y Caraveda	8 December 1882
date of birth	Gheorghe Duca (born 29 February 1952, Copăceni) Moldovan academic and politician.	Gheorghe Duca	29 February 1952
date of birth	Enrique López-Pérez (born 3 June 1991) is a Spanish professional tennis player playing on the ATP Challenger Tour.	Enrique López-Pérez	3 June 1991
date of birth	Allan Watson (born 3 August 1948) was a Scottish footballer who played for Dumbarton.	Allan Watson	3 August 1948
date of birth	Waldini was the stage name of Wallace (Wally) Bishop, a musician, band leader and impresario born in Cardiff, South Wales, in 1894.	Waldini	1894
date of birth	Hadaa Sendoo (Mongolian:Сэндоогийн Хадаа) (born 24 October 1961) is an award-winning Mongolian poet and translator.	Hadaa Sendoo	24 October 1961
date of birth	Sir Francis Wyatt (1588--1644) was the first English royal governor of Virginia.	Francis Wyatt	1588
date of birth	Dato Mohamed Zaki (born 20 February 1953), also known as Nazaki Zaki or Sandhaanu Zaki, is a prominent businessman and politician in the Maldives.	Mohamed Zaki	20 February 1953
date of birth	Theodor Illek (born in 1984, Kranj, Slovenia), is a poet, prose writer, visual artist, and playwright with a focus on the themes of migration, religion, and the issue of connecting art with science.	Theodor Illek	1984
date of birth	Morten Morland (born 1979) is a Norwegian political cartoonist working in the United Kingdom.	Morten Morland	1979
date of birth	Lena Bergman (born 21 December 1943) is a Swedish social services employee and actress.	Lena Bergman	21 December 1943
date of birth	Arthur William Dunn (1868- ? ) was an American educator, born at Galesburg, Ill., and educated at Knox College and the University of Chicago.	Arthur William Dunn	1868
date of birth	Xie Fuzhan (Chinese: 谢伏瞻; born 9 August 1954) is an economist and politician of the People's Republic of China.	Xie Fuzhan	9 August 1954
date of birth	Julien Bègue (8 August 1993) is a French footballer who plays as a winger for Bourg-en-Bresse on loan from Guingamp in Ligue 2.	Julien Bègue	8 August 1993
date of birth	Natasha Wimmer (born 1973) is an American translator best known for her translations of Chilean novelist Roberto Bolaño's 2666 and The Savage Detectives from Spanish into English.	Natasha Wimmer	1973
date of birth	Davide Boifava (born 14 November 1946) is an Italian former professional road bicycle racer and cycling team manager.	Davide Boifava	14 November 1946
date of birth	Leonard Tim Hector (24 November 1942, Antigua -- 12 November 2002, Antigua) was a leftist Antiguan political leader and cricket administrator known for his opposition to the rule of the Bird family.	Tim Hector	24 November 1942
date of birth	Jennings Ligon Duncan III (born 1960) is an American Presbyterian scholar and pastor.	Ligon Duncan	1960
date of birth	Charles R. Pellegrino (born May 5, 1953) is an American writer and the author of several books related to science and archaeology, including Return to Sodom and Gomorrah, Ghosts of the Titanic, Unearthing Atlantis and Ghosts of Vesuvius.	Charles R. Pellegrino	1953
date of birth	William Ellawala (1834 - ) was a Ceylonese legislator.	William Ellawala	1834
date of birth	Bryn Atkinson (born 9 December 1982, Canberra, Australian Capital Territory) is an Australian professional mountain bike racing cyclist from Townsville, QLD.	Bryn Atkinson	9 December 1982
date of birth	Damiano Michieletto (born 1975) is an Italian opera director known for his innovative productions at several leading opera houses and festivals in Europe including the Vienna State Opera and the Salzburg Festival.	Damiano Michieletto	1975
date of birth	Karen Tweed (born 1963, Willesden) is a piano accordionist from London, England.	Karen Tweed	1963
date of birth	Maalavika Manoj, (b. 16 September 1993) also known as Mali, is an Indian independent musician and songwriter based in Chennai, Tamil Nadu.	Maalavika Manoj	16 September 1993
date of birth	Henrieta Delavrancea was born on 19 October 1897 in Bucharest, Romania to Maria Lupaşcu and Barbu Ștefănescu Delavrancea Because her family was from the upper levels of society and her father was both a politician and a literary figure, Delavrancea grew up surrounded by noted members of Romanian society.	Henrieta Delavrancea	19 October 1897
date of birth	Nasir-ud-Din Mahmud Shah Tughluq (reign: 1394−Feb. 1413 CE) was the last sultan of the Tughlaq dynasty to rule the Islamic Delhi Sultanate.	Nasir-ud-Din Mahmud Shah Tughluq	1394
date of birth	Mikita Bukatkin (Belarusian: Мікіта Букаткін; Russian: Никита Букаткин; born 7 March 1988) is a Belarusian footballer who is currently playing for Mashʼal Mubarek.	Mikita Bukatkin	7 March 1988
date of birth	Christian Geistdörfer (born 1 February 1953 in Munich) is a German former rally co-driver.	Christian Geistdörfer	1 February 1953
date of birth	Irfan Mensur (born Irfan Kurić; 19 January 1952) is a Bosnian and Serbian theatre, television and film actor.	Irfan Mensur	19 January 1952
date of birth	Christoforos Liontakis (Greek: Χριστόφορος Λιοντάκης; born 1945) is an award-winning Greek poet and translator.	Christoforos Liontakis	1945
date of birth	Dr.Panabaka Lakshmi (born 6 October 1958) is a former Member of Parliament and Union Minister(2004-2014).	Panabaka Lakshmi	6 October 1958
date of birth	Ingebjørg Støfring (born 16 March 1945) is a Norwegian diplomat who served as Norwegian Ambassador to Bangladesh and Zimbabwe.	Ingebjørg Støfring	1945
date of birth	Peter Heaton-Jones (born 2 August 1963), is a British journalist and Conservative Party politician who has held senior positions in the media and politics in both the UK and Australia.	Peter Heaton-Jones	2 August 1963
date of birth	Didier Njewel (born 7 September 1983) is a Cameroonian football midfielder currently playing club football for Shanghai East Asia.	Didier Njewel	7 September 1983
date of birth	Oliver Ortmann (born 11 June 1967) is a German top professional pool player whose nickname is ``The Machine''.	Oliver Ortmann	11 June 1967
date of birth	Hans-Jürgen Bombach (born 11 August 1945 in Wehrsdorf) is a former sprinter who specialized in the 100 and 200 metres.	Hans-Jürgen Bombach	11 August 1945
date of birth	Pablo Maroni (Paul) (b. 1 November 1695) was a Jesuit missionary to Ecuador.	Pablo Maroni	1 November 1695
date of birth	Ferdy Doernberg (born 10 June 1967) is an English-German heavy metal musician.	Ferdy Doernberg	10 June 1967
date of birth	Olga Novo (1975 in Vilarmao, A Pobra do Brollón) is a Galician poet and essayist.	Olga Novo	1975
date of birth	Mohammad Natsir (17 July 1908 -- 14 March 1993) was an Islamic scholar and politician.	Mohammad Natsir	17 July 1908
date of birth	Susan Devlin Peard (born 1931) is a former badminton player who represented both the USA and Ireland in international competition.	Susan Devlin	1931
date of birth	Eddie Arnold (20 November 1949 -- 2000) was a gymnast from Moston, Manchester, England who participated at the Munich Olympics.	Eddie Arnold	20 November 1949
date of birth	Brian Kilcommons (born 1953) is an American author and dog trainer.	Brian Kilcommons	1953
date of birth	Sa'ad al-Dawla ibn Hibbat Allah ibn Muhasib Ebheri (Arabic: سعد الدولة بن هبة الله بن محاسب ابهري‎) (c. 1240 -- March 5, 1291) was a Jewish physician and statesman in thirteenth-century Persia.	Sa'ad al-Dawla	1240
date of birth	Jacques Ogg (born 28 August 1948 in Maastricht) is an international Dutch keyboardist on the harpsichord and fortepiano, and a conductor.	Jacques Ogg	28 August 1948
date of birth	Bette Bourne (born Peter Bourne, 22 September 1939) is a British actor, drag queen and activist.	Bette Bourne	22 September 1939
date of birth	Reed Krakoff (born 1964) is an American fashion designer and former executive creative director of Coach, Inc.	Reed Krakoff	1964
date of birth	Robert Dickie (23 June 1964 -- 28 October 2010) was a Welsh professional boxer, fighting at both featherweight and super-featherweight.	Robert Dickie	23 June 1964
date of birth	Nia Jones (born 6 April 1992) is an athlete who represents Wales internationally at both netball and football.	Nia Jones	6 April 1992
date of birth	Brian Campeau (born 1980) is a musician currently based in Sydney.	Brian Campeau	1980
date of birth	Lu Jiuyuan (Chinese: 陸九淵; pinyin: Lù Jiǔyuān; 1139--1192), or Lu Xiangshan (陸象山; Lù Xiàngshān), was a Chinese scholar and philosopher who founded the school of the universal mind, the second most influential Neo-Confucian school.	Lu Jiuyuan	1139
date of birth	Geoffrey Heyworth, 1st Baron Heyworth (18 October 1894 -- 15 June 1974), was a British businessman and public servant.	Geoffrey Heyworth, 1st Baron Heyworth	18 October 1894
date of birth	David P. Madson (born 1976), better known by his stage name Odd Nosdam, is an American underground hip hop producer, DJ and visual artist.	Odd Nosdam	1976
date of birth	Idelisa Bonnelly (also known as Idelisa Bonnelly de Calventi; born 10 September 1931) is a Dominican marine biologist who is considered the ``mother of marine conservation in the Caribbean''.	Idelisa Bonnelly	10 September 1931
date of birth	Neville G. Pemchekov Warwick (1932--1993) was a modern interpreter of Buddhism and a central figure of the spiritual movement of California during the late 1960s and the 1970s.	Neville G. Pemchekov Warwick	1932
date of birth	Loïc Pietri (born 27 August 1990) is a French judoka, who won the gold medal in 2013 at the World Championships held in Rio de Janeiro, defeating Avtandil Tchrikishvili, from Georgia, during the −81 kg final category.	Loïc Pietri	27 August 1990
date of birth	Gerd Rasp (* born 10 May 1960, Bad Reichenhall) is a German physician of otorhinolaryngology with the additional notions of plastic surgery and allergology.	Gerd Rasp	10 May 1960
date of birth	Jon Scales (born 28 July 1974) is an English former rugby league and rugby union player who played as a winger.	Jon Scales	28 July 1974
date of birth	Big Bear(Mistahi-maskwa) was born in 1825 in Jackfish Lake, near North Battleford, Saskatchewan.	Big Bear	1825
date of birth	Hans Hägele (13 July 1940 -- 18 October 2010) was a German professional footballer who played as a striker.	Hans Hägele	13 July 1940
date of birth	Rictrude (Rictrudis, Richtrudis, Richrudis) (c. 614--688) was abbess of Marchiennes Abbey, in Flanders.	Rictrude	614
date of birth	Vlado Kotur (born 28 November 1958) is a former Bosnian footballer and current coach.	Vlado Kotur	28 November 1958
date of birth	Goma Lambu (born 10 November 1984) is a Congolese footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or right winger for Kingstonian.	Goma Lambu	10 November 1984
date of birth	Kostis Papagiorgis (Greek: Κωστής Παπαγιώργης; real name: Κωνσταντίνος Παπαγεωργίου Konstantinos Papageorgiou; 7 November 1947 -- 21 March 2014) was a Greek essayist, columnist and translator of philosophical studies.	Kostis Papagiorgis	7 November 1947
date of birth	Federica Guidi (born 19 May 1969) is an Italian businesswoman and the current Minister of Economic Development.	Federica Guidi	19 May 1969
date of birth	Jonathan Cheung Wing Hong (Chinese: 張頴康, born 26 December 1981), native of Guang dong Zhong shan is a Hong Kong actor since 2001.	Jonathan Cheung	26 December 1981
date of birth	Ken Appledorn (born 1980 in Troy, Michigan) is an American actor known for his work in the series The Refugees, a joint production of BBC Worldwide and Atresmedia.	Ken Appledorn	1980
date of birth	Kateřina Dudková (born 1988) is a professional Czech triathlete, Czech U23 vice champion of the year 2009 and member of the young Czech elite team.	Kateřina Dudková	1988
date of birth	Dr Rupert Whitaker (born 1963) is a psychiatrist, immunologist, and advocate for patients.	Rupert Whitaker	1963
date of birth	Wilhelm Filderman (last name also spelled Fieldermann; 14 November 1882--1963) was a lawyer, communal leader, and the leader of the Romanian-Jewish community between 1919 and 1947; in addition, he was a representative of the Jews in the Romanian parliament.	Wilhelm Filderman	14 November 1882
date of birth	Valentyna Zhudina (Ukrainian: Валентина Жудіна, née Horpynych - Горпинич; born 12 March 1983 in Zhytomyr) is a Ukrainian athlete.	Valentyna Zhudina	12 March 1983
date of birth	Mehmet Gümüşburun (born 1942) is a Turkish chemical engineer and bureaucrat.	Mehmet Gümüşburun	1942
date of birth	Enrico Nicolini (born 16 January 1955) is an Italian professional former footballer and manager.	Enrico Nicolini	16 January 1955
date of birth	Luboš Dobrovský (born Luboš Hamerschlag, 3 February 1932) is a Czech journalist and politician of Jewish origin, former Czechoslovak Minister of Defence.	Luboš Dobrovský	3 February 1932
date of birth	Theodore Metochites (Greek: Θεόδωρος Μετοχίτης, 1270--1332) was a Byzantine statesman, author, gentleman philosopher, and patron of the arts.	Theodore Metochites	1270
date of birth	Nóra Varsányi (born 3 October 1991 in Debrecen) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Debreceni VSC in right wing position.	Nóra Varsányi	3 October 1991
date of birth	Barbara Moraff (born 1939 Paterson, New Jersey) is an American poet of the Beat generation living in Vermont.	Barbara Moraff	1939
date of birth	Menelaos Lountemis (Greek: Μενέλαος Λουντέμης, 1912 -- 22 January 1977), was a Greek writer born in Constantinople.	Menelaos Lountemis	1912
date of birth	Sir George Buck (or Buc) (c. 1560 -- October 1622) was an English antiquarian, historian, scholar and author, who served as a Member of Parliament, government envoy to Queen Elizabeth I and Master of the Revels to King James I of England.	George Buck	1560
date of birth	Sebastian Krelj, also known as Sebastjan Krelj, Sebastijan Krelj or Boštjan Krelj (1538 -- 25 December 1567) was a Slovene Protestant reformer, writer, pastor, linguist and preacher and regarded as one of the most educated Slovene Protestants of the 16th century.	Sebastian Krelj	1538
date of birth	Vadim Martinchik (Russian: Вадим Мартынчик; born 1934) is a retired Soviet swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 200 m butterfly at the 1954 European Aquatics Championships.	Vadim Martinchik	1934
date of birth	Alfonso Márquez de la Plata Yrarrázaval (19 July 1933 -- 22 April 2014) was a Chilean politician, businessman and writer.	Alfonso Márquez de la Plata	19 July 1933
date of birth	Ernst Simon Glaser (born 1975 in Ålesund, Norway) is a Norwegian musician (cello) and music teacher, the son of violinist Ernst Glaser (1904--79), and brother of the pianist Liv Glaser (1935--).	Ernst Simon Glaser	1975
date of birth	Lori Moore (born Marie Lorena Moore in 1957 in Glen Falls, New York) is an American journalist who works for The New York Times.	Lori Moore	1957
date of birth	Keith Rayner AO (born 22 November 1929) is a retired Australian Anglican bishop and a former Anglican Primate of Australia.	Keith Rayner	22 November 1929
date of birth	Khurram Khan (Urdu: خرم خان‎; born 21 June 1971) is a United Arab Emirates cricketer who has played two One Day Internationals for the United Arab Emirates.	Khurram Khan	21 June 1971
date of birth	Fernando Otero (born 1 May 1972) is a Grammy-Award Winning Argentine composer, pianist and vocalist currently residing in New York City.	Fernando Otero	1 May 1972
date of birth	Sayed Ihsanuddin Taheri, or Sayed Ihsan Taheri (in Persian and Pashto: سید احسان الدین طاهری / سید احسان طاهری) (born in December 1984), is a young Afghan independent author, writer and blogger who was a 2012 World Vision International PeaceMaker Prize nominee.	Sayed Ihsanuddin Taheri	December 1984
date of birth	Maurice Procter (born 4 February 1906 -- 1973) was an English novelist.	Maurice Procter	4 February 1906
date of birth	Lionel Fogarty (born 1958) is an Indigenous Australian poet and political activist.	Lionel Fogarty	1958
date of birth	Ganga Nayar (born 1924) is a Malaysian politician of Indian Origin who founded the Malaysian Workers' Party.	Ganga Nayar	1924
date of birth	Klaus Kilimann (born Ortelsburg 11 October 1938) is a physicist who became an SPD politician after 1989.	Klaus Kilimann	11 October 1938
date of birth	Patrick Amory (born 1965) is a historian and an executive in the recorded music industry.	Patrick Amory	1965
date of birth	Aida Karina Estrada Abril de Toledo (born 1987) is a Guatemalan beauty pageant winner.	Aida Karina Estrada	1987
date of birth	Fan Kexin (Chinese: 范可新, born on 19 September 1993) is a Chinese short track speed skater.	Fan Kexin	19 September 1993
date of birth	Ron Kimmel (Hebrew: רון קימל‎, b. 1963) is a professor of Computer Science at the Technion Israel Institute of Technology.	Ron Kimmel	1963
date of birth	John Montgomery Smith (February 26, 1834 - May 14, 1903) was a lawyer and politician.	John Montgomery Smith	1834
date of birth	Jesse Evans (1853 -- ????) was an outlaw and gunman of the Old West, and leader of the Jesse Evans Gang.	Jesse Evans	1853
date of birth	Kai Owen (born 4 September 1975) is a Welsh actor of stage and screen, known to Welsh audiences for his numerous roles on Welsh language television and to worldwide audiences for his portrayal of Rhys Williams in Torchwood.	Kai Owen	4 September 1975
date of birth	Mate Granić (born 19 September 1947) is a Croatian diplomat and politician who was part of the Croatian Government in much of the 1990s.	Mate Granić	19 September 1947
date of birth	Nrisingha Prasad Bhaduri (Bengali: নৃসিংহপ্রসাদ ভাদুড়ী Nr̥sinha Prasād Bhāduṛi; born 23 November 1950) is an Indologist and a specialist of Indian epics and Puranas.	Nrisingha Prasad Bhaduri	23 November 1950
date of birth	Valery Kaplan (Russian: Валерий Каплан; born 26 February 1943) is a retired Russian speed skater who won a bronze and a silver medal at the European championships in 1966 and 1967, respectively.	Valery Kaplan	26 February 1943
date of birth	Jeffrey A. Bader (born 1945) was the senior director for Asian affairs on the National Security Council in the Obama Administration and a former United States Ambassador to Namibia.	Jeffrey A. Bader	1945
date of birth	Patricia Lewsley-Mooney CBE (born 3 March 1957) is the former Commissioner for Children and Young People, Northern Ireland.	Patricia Lewsley	3 March 1957
date of birth	Patrick Maisonneuve (born 1 March 1955) is a French lawyer of criminal law.	Patrick Maisonneuve	1955
date of birth	Mouhssin Chehibi (Arabic: محسن الشهيبي‎; born 28 January 1978 in Tetuan) is a former Moroccan middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 metres.	Mouhssin Chehibi	28 January 1978
date of birth	Jonas Hellborg (born 7 June 1958) is a Swedish bass guitarist.	Jonas Hellborg	7 June 1958
date of birth	Marian Weygers (1909--2008) was an American artist who specialized in printmaking.	Marian Weygers	1909
date of birth	Ladislav Stroupežnický (6 January 1850 -- 11 August 1892) was a renowned Czech author, playwright, and dramatist, best known for the frequently staged play Naši furianti.	Ladislav Stroupežnický	6 January 1850
date of birth	Dušica Žegarac (Serbian Cyrillic: Душица Жегарац; born 15 April 1944) is a Serbian film and television actress.	Dušica Žegarac	15 April 1944
date of birth	Reinaldo Povod (1960 - July 30, 1994 Brooklyn) was an American playwright.	Reinaldo Povod	1960
date of birth	Shri Gopinathji Maharaj (~1212 -- Death unknown) is the founder of the Maharaja Family of Gujarati Nagar Brahmin Family.	Shri Gopinathji Maharaj	1212
date of birth	Claude Bédard (born 1952) is a translator and author of several works, including a teaching manual on English-French technical translation, La traduction technique :	Claude Bédard	1952
date of birth	Luigi Albertelli (born 21 June 1934) is an Italian lyricist.	Luigi Albertelli	21 June 1934
date of birth	Patricia Driscoll (born 17 December 1927) is an Irish actress, who has appeared both on television and in films.	Patricia Driscoll	17 December 1927
date of birth	James Childs (born 12 June 1972 in Bristol, UK) is a British musician and composer-producer.	James Childs	12 June 1972
date of birth	Maud Franklin (9 January 1857 -- ca. 1941) was an English artist and the mistress of and model for artist James McNeill Whistler.	Maud Franklin	1857
date of birth	Richard Starkings (born 27 January 1962) is a British font designer and comic book letterer, editor and writer.	Richard Starkings	27 January 1962
date of birth	Arlene Holt Baker (born 1951) is an African American trade union activist and labor leader.	Arlene Holt Baker	1951
date of birth	Bebe Bryans (born 1957) is a United States national champion in rowing and former coach of the United States Women's National Rowing crew.	Bebe Bryans	1957
date of birth	Franci Demšar (born 4 February 1960) is a Slovenian physicist and politician.	Franci Demšar	4 February 1960
date of birth	Salvatore Mormile (Naples, November, 1839- ) was an Italian painter, mainly of genre figures and portraits.	Salvatore Mormile	1839
date of birth	Benjamin Franklin Reinhart (1829 -- May 3, 1885) was an American painter born near Waynesburg, Pennsylvania, known for his genre, historical, and portrait paintings.	Benjamin Franklin Reinhart	1829
date of birth	William Harding of Baraset (1759--1822) was Gentleman of the Privy Chamber to George III, magistrate and deputy lieutenant of Warwickshire.	William Harding of Baraset	1759
date of birth	Rudolph de Cordova (1860--1941) was a Jamaican-born British writer, screenwriter and actor.	Rudolph de Cordova	1860
date of birth	Darren Williams (born 28 April 1977) is a retired professional footballer that notably played over 200 games in the English premier league with club Sunderland AFC.	Darren Williams	28 April 1977
date of birth	Marcus Lambkin (born 1971) better known by the pseudonym Shit Robot is an Irish electronic musician and DJ.	Shit Robot	1971
date of birth	James W. Nuttall (born 1953) is a retired United States Army Major General who served as Deputy Director of the Army National Guard and Deputy Commander of the United States First Army.	James W. Nuttall	1953
date of birth	Henry Clarke Warren (1854--1899) was an American scholar of Sanskrit and Pali.	Henry Clarke Warren	1854
date of birth	Diya Kumari (Hindi: दिया कुमारी; born 30 January 1971), is an Indian politician.	Diya Kumari	30 January 1971
date of birth	Nalaya Brown (Tenerife, 19 November 1983) is a Spanish singer who works on the European dance circuit.	Nalaya Brown	19 November 1983
date of birth	Damien Murray (born 1981) is an Irish hurler who played as a left corner-forward for the Offaly senior team.	Damien Murray	1981
date of birth	Barry Seton (known as 'Bo'), (born 5 October 1936), is an Australian racing driver.	Barry Seton	5 October 1936
date of birth	Anthony Nugent, 4th Baron Nugent of Riverston, 28 August 1730- September 1814.	Anthony Nugent, 4th Baron Nugent of Riverston	1730
date of birth	Eliezer Cohen (Hebrew: אליעזר כהן‎, born 18 June 1934) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Yisrael Beiteinu and the National Union between 1999 and 2006.	Eliezer Cohen	18 June 1934
date of birth	Erik Vea (born 11 June 1951) is a Norwegian speedskater.	Erik Vea	11 June 1951
date of birth	Furtuna Velaj (born 8 March 1990), is an Albanian American footballer currently playing for Kolbotn IL in the Norwegian women's league Toppserien.	Furtuna Velaj	8 March 1990
date of birth	Aubrey Meyer (born 1947) is an author, violinist, composer and climate campaigner.	Aubrey Meyer	1947
date of birth	Albert Brülls (26 March 1937, Anrath -- 28 March 2004, Neuss) was a German footballer who played 25 times for his national side, including matches in both the 1962 and 1966 FIFA World Cups.	Albert Brülls	26 March 1937
date of birth	Lise-Marie Morerod (born 16 April 1956) is a Swiss former slalom skier.	Lise-Marie Morerod	16 April 1956
date of birth	Lian Yu (Hanzi: 廉隅; Pinyin: Lián Yú; Wade-Giles: Lien Yü; born 1886) was a diplomat, politician, judicial officer and lawyer in the Republic of China.	Lian Yu	1886
date of birth	Sol Stern (born 1935) is a senior fellow with the Manhattan Institute and a contributing editor to its quarterly magazine City Journal.	Sol Stern	1935
date of birth	Mikhail Mikhailovich Zadornov (born 4 May 1963) is a Russian economist, banker and politician.	Mikhail Mikhailovich Zadornov	4 May 1963
date of birth	Daniel Deng Bul Yak (born Tuic-Gebiet, in Bor, 2 January 1950) is a South Sudanese Episcopalian archbishop.	Daniel Deng Bul	1950
date of birth	Fatima Tlisova (Adyghe: Фатима Тлисова) (born 1966) is a Russian (Circassian) journalist currently living in the United States.	Fatima Tlisova	1966
date of birth	Evripides Demosthenous (Greek: Ευριπίδης Δημοσθένους; born 14 October 1972) is a retired Cypriot sprinter who specialised in the 400 metres.	Evripides Demosthenous	14 October 1972
date of birth	Kelvin Kerkow (born 22 April 1969) is an Australian lawn bowls and indoor bowls player and author.	Kelvin Kerkow	22 April 1969
date of birth	Petar Malinov (Bulgarian: Петър Малинов; born 29 January 1970) is a retired Bulgarian footballer and current assistant manager of Slivnishki geroi, having started the role in May 2010.	Petar Malinov	29 January 1970
date of birth	Jon Fugler (born 13 October 1962, St Austell, Cornwall, England) is an English electronic musician and one of the co-founders of the electronic music group Fluke along with Mike Bryant and Mike Tournier.	Jon Fugler	13 October 1962
date of birth	Lee Seung-hoon (Hangul: 이승훈, Hanja: 李承勳) (born 6 March 1988) is a South Korean speed skater.	Lee Seung-hoon	6 March 1988
date of birth	Alison Snowden (born in Arnold, Nottinghamshire on 4 April 1958) is an English animator, voice actress, producer, and screenwriter best known for Bob and Margaret.	Alison Snowden	4 April 1958
date of birth	Gong Zheng (Chinese: 龚正; pinyin: Gōng Zhèng; born March 1960) is a Chinese politician.	Gong Zheng	March 1960
date of birth	Omkar Singh (Hindi: ओमकार सिंह, born 8 August 1984) is an Indian sports shooter.	Omkar Singh	8 August 1984
date of birth	Jacob Clement Utzon-Krefeld (born 1990, Denmark) is a Danish actor best known for the hit short film ``In Absenthia''.	Jacob Clement Utzon-Krefeld	1990
date of birth	Steve Duke (born 1954) is an American classical and jazz saxophonist noted for his performance of contemporary classical music, particularly computer music.	Steve Duke	1954
date of birth	Obidkhon Sobitkhony (born Obid Nazarov (ru:Обид Назаров), 15 January 1958, Namangan), is an Uzbek imam regime critic previously wanted for arrest by Uzbekistan and Interpol.	Obidkhon Sobitkhony	15 January 1958
date of birth	Kara Farnandez Stoll (born 1968) is a United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit.	Kara Farnandez Stoll	1968
date of birth	Etienne van Heerden, born 3 December 1954, is a South African author.	Etienne van Heerden	3 December 1954
date of birth	Archie Alemania (born 1978) is a Filipino actor, host, comedian and dancer.	Archie Alemania	1978
date of birth	Ismat Jahan (born 1960) is the Ambassador of Bangladesh to Belgium, Luxembourg and the European Communities.	Ismat Jahan	1960
date of birth	Martine Nida-Rümelin (born 1957 in Munich) is a philosopher.	Martine Nida-Rümelin	1957
date of birth	Michel Bock (born 1971) is a Canadian historian, who specializes in the history of Franco-Ontarian communities and cultures.	Michel Bock	1971
date of birth	Vytautas Švedas (born 7 January 1983) is a Lithuanian rally driver, currently driving for Juta Racing in Lithuanian Rally Championship.	Vytautas Švedas	7 January 1983
date of birth	Sonita Sutherland (born 9 July 1987 in Manchester) is a Jamaican 400 metres runner.	Sonita Sutherland	9 July 1987
date of birth	Karim Bridji (born 16 August 1981) is a Dutch-born Algerian footballer who currently plays for.AFC Ajax Amateurs in the Dutch Topklasse.	Karim Bridji	16 August 1981
date of birth	Radosław Słodkiewicz (born 1976) is a Polish body builder.	Radosław Słodkiewicz	1976
date of birth	John Studley (1545?-1590?) was an English academic, known as a translator of Seneca.	John Studley	1545
date of birth	Firas Mugrabi (Hebrew: פיראס מוגרבי‎; born 24 July 1991) is an Arab-Israeli footballer currently a Bnei Sakhnin.	Firas Mugrabi	24 July 1991
date of birth	Muni Pramansagar was born on 27 June 1967 in Hazaribagh, Jharkhand and his birthname was Naveen Kumar Jain.	Pramansagar	27 June 1967
date of birth	Leonidas Kokas (birth name: Lorenc Goga; Greek: Λεωνίδας Κόκ(κ)ας; born 3 June 1973) is a former Albanian weightlifter of Greek citizenship.	Leonidas Kokas	3 June 1973
date of birth	Sir Max Muspratt, 1st Baronet (3 February 1872 -- 20 April 1934) was a British chemist and a politician in the city of Liverpool, England.	Max Muspratt	3 February 1872
date of birth	José Elías Moreno (12 November 1910 -- 15 July 1969) was a Mexican character actor of the Golden Age of Mexican cinema, best-remembered for his versatility in playing different characters.	José Elías Moreno	12 November 1910
date of birth	Revel Guest (born 14 September 1931 in London) is a filmmaker, journalist, author and farmer and is chair of the Hay Festival.	Revel Guest	14 September 1931
date of birth	Laura Boddington (born 1980) is an English film and television actress, who has been working in Canada for the last 10 years.	Laura Boddington	1980
date of birth	David B. McNeil (1818 Essex County, New York - April 15, 1897 Auburn, Cayuga County, New York) was an American politician from New York.	David B. McNeil	1818
date of birth	Xu Wu (Chinese: 徐武; Pinyin: Xú Wǔ) (born 14 February 1991) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Beijing BIT in the China League One.	Xu Wu	14 February 1991
date of birth	Dame Cleo Laine, Lady Dankworth, DBE (born 28 October 1927) is an English jazz and pop singer and an actress, noted for her scat singing and for her vocal range.	Cleo Laine	28 October 1927
date of birth	Yann Tainguy (born on 24 August 1955) is a French admiral, as of 2015 commanding officer for the Mediterranean maritime defence zone and Maritime Prefect for the Mediterranean.	Yann Tainguy	24 August 1955
date of birth	Álvaro Monjardino (born 6 October 1930, in Angra do Heroísmo) is a lawyer and Portuguese politician.	Álvaro Monjardino	6 October 1930
date of birth	Jacek Krzynówek (Polish pronunciation: (ˈjat͡sɛk kʂɨˈnuvɛk)), born 15 May 1976, is a former Polish footballer.	Jacek Krzynówek	15 May 1976
date of birth	Cheng Shewo (Chinese: 成舍我; pinyin: Chéng Shěwǒ; 28 August 1898 - 1 January 1991) was a journalist, publisher, and educator of the Republic of China.	Cheng Shewo	28 August 1898
date of birth	Rémi Babinet (born 1957, Suresnes, Paris, France) is a French creative director, best known for his work on Evian's ``Live Young'' campaign.	Rémi Babinet	1957
date of birth	Gary Connery (born 1970) is a British skydiver, BASE jumper and professional stuntman.	Gary Connery	1970
date of birth	Joan Mahoney (born 1943) is a legal scholar and former dean of two law schools.	Joan Mahoney	1943
date of birth	Fahad Thani (born 1 December 1973) is a Qatari former football player and current manager of the Qatar olympic football team.	Fahad Thani	1 December 1973
date of birth	Giacomo Bosio (1544-1627) was a brother of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem and the historian of this order.	Giacomo Bosio	1544
date of birth	Forrest Fang (born 1959) is a Chinese American composer and violinist.	Forrest Fang	1959
date of birth	Philippe Buc (born 1961 in Paris) is a historian concentrating religion and politics, mainly in the European Middle Ages.	Philippe Buc	1961
date of birth	Athanasios Orphanides (born 22 March 1962) is a Cypriot economist who served as Governor of the Central Bank of Cyprus between 3 May 2007 to 2 May 2012 and a member of the Governing Council of the European Central Bank between 1 January 2008 and 2 May 2012.	Athanasios Orphanides	22 March 1962
date of birth	Julius Mutekanga (born 1 December 1987) is a Ugandan middle-distance running athlete specializing in the 800 metres event.	Julius Mutekanga	1 December 1987
date of birth	John Towner (born 19 November 1933) is a former Australian rules footballer who played 87 senior games for the Essendon Football Club from 1953 to 1959.	John Towner	19 November 1933
date of birth	Lorraine Baker-Strain (born 9 April 1964) is an English former middle-distance runner who competed in the 800 metres.	Lorraine Baker	9 April 1964
date of birth	Rahul Vishwakarma (Nepali: राहुल विश्वकर्मा) (born 19 October 1992) is a Nepalese cricketer.	Rahul Vishwakarma	19 October 1992
date of birth	Mark Florman (born 2 November 1958) is a British businessman, entrepreneur and a pioneer in impact philanthropy and social justice.	Mark Florman	2 November 1958
date of birth	Deborah Watling (born 2 January 1948) is an English actress best known for her role as Victoria Waterfield, a companion of the Second Doctor in the BBC television series Doctor Who.	Deborah Watling	2 January 1948
date of birth	Hubertus Primus (born 1 September 1955) is a lawyer, journalist and manager.	Hubertus Primus	1 September 1955
date of birth	Michael Boadi (born 15 November 1969) is a session hairstylist and perfumer.	Michael Boadi	15 November 1969
date of birth	Lasse Lindbjerg (born 15 April 1992) is a Danish footballer, who plays as a center back for Danish 2nd Division club AB Tårnby.	Lasse Lindbjerg	15 April 1992
date of birth	Umar Bin Hassan (born in 1948) is an African-American poet associated with The Last Poets.	Umar Bin Hassan	1948
date of birth	Samuel Hübinette, aka The Crazy Swede (born 15 September 1971, in Jokkmokk, Norrbotten County), is a Swedish professional race car driver and Hollywood stunt driver.	Samuel Hübinette	15 September 1971
date of birth	William Townsend Onus Jr (15 November 1906 -- 10 January 1968), known as Bill Onus, was an Aboriginal Australian political activist.	Bill Onus	15 November 1906
date of birth	Giorgos Koltzos (Greek: Γιώργος Κόλτζος; born 13 September 1976) is a footballer.	Giorgos Koltzos	13 September 1976
date of birth	Calvin Watson (born 6 January 1993) is an Australian cyclist riding for An Post--	Calvin Watson	6 January 1993
date of birth	Ivett Szepesi (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈivɛtː sɛpɛʃi); born 4 February 1986 in Pincehely) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Győri ETO KC in left wing position.	Ivett Szepesi	4 February 1986
date of birth	Tanya Kalyvas (Greek: Τάνια Καλύβας; born 26 August 1979) is a former Greek-American soccer player.	Tanya Kalyvas	26 August 1979
date of birth	Bartolomeo Letterini (or Litterini) (1669-after 1731) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.	Bartolomeo Letterini	1669
date of birth	Rositsa Pekhlivanova (Bulgarian: Росица Пехливанова, born 31 January 1955) is a retired Bulgarian middle-distance runner who specialized in the 1500 metres.	Rositsa Pekhlivanova	31 January 1955
date of birth	Katja Rahlwes (born 1967, Frankfurt, Germany) is a German fashion photographer, based in Paris.	Katja Rahlwes	1967
date of birth	Wojciech Orliński (born 24 January 1969 in Warsaw) is a Polish journalist, writer, and blogger.	Wojciech Orliński	24 January 1969
date of birth	Kent Härstedt (born 29 January 1965 in Helsingborg) is a Swedish social democratic politician, member of the Riksdag since the Swedish general election, 1998.	Kent Härstedt	29 January 1965
date of birth	Ai Xia (Chinese: 艾霞; 29 November 1912 -- 15 February 1934) was a Chinese left-wing silent film actress and screenwriter.	Ai Xia	29 November 1912
date of birth	Dr. Panchakshari Hiremath (Kannada: ಪಂಚಾಕ್ಷರಿ ಹಿರೇಮಠ; born 1933) is a writer and noted poet, short story writer, essayist, critic, translator, orator, editor and freedom fighter who writes in Kannada, Urdu and Hindi.	Panchakshari Hiremath	1933
date of birth	Marvin Goldhar (September 5, 1934 - March 31, 2002) was a Canadian actor, best known for his voice work in animated programs and in made-for-TV movies.	Marvin Goldhar	1934
date of birth	René Closter (born 15 December 1952 in Luxembourg) is president and founder of Luxembourg Air Rescue.	René Closter	15 December 1952
date of birth	Bobby Arthur (born 27 July 1945) is a British former boxer who was British welterweight champion between 1972 and 1973.	Bobby Arthur	27 July 1945
date of birth	Robert Detweiler (20 July 1930 -- 8 December 2003) was an American competition rower and Olympic champion, naval officer, and scientist of solid state physics.	Robert Detweiler	20 July 1930
date of birth	Fanny Cornforth (3 January 1835 -- 24 February 1909) was an Englishwoman who became the artist's model and mistress of the Pre-Raphaelite painter Dante Gabriel Rossetti.	Fanny Cornforth	1835
date of birth	Mike Flicker (born 1950) is an American producer in Los Angeles who has numerous credits on music and film projects.	Mike Flicker	1950
date of birth	Anna Jurkiewicz (Polish pronunciation: (ˈanna jurˈkjɛvit͡ʂ); born 9 February 1984) is a Polish figure skater.	Anna Jurkiewicz	9 February 1984
date of birth	Clive Culbertson (born 28 August 1954, Ballymoney, County Antrim, Northern Ireland) is the founder of The Order Of Druids In Ulster.	Clive Culbertson	28 August 1954
date of birth	Emmanuel Thibault (born in 1974) is a French dancer.	Emmanuel Thibault	1974
date of birth	Chùn-lîm; born 14 January 1968), better known by his stage name Wu Bai (Chinese: 伍佰; pinyin: Wǔ Bǎi; Taiwanese: Gō	Wu Bai	14 January 1968
date of birth	Dame Henriette, Lady Abel Smith GCVO JP (6 June 1914 -- 3 May 2005), was Lady-in-Waiting to Queen Elizabeth II from 1949 to 1987.	Henriette, Lady Abel Smith	6 June 1914
date of birth	Oraz Nazarov (Tajik: Ораз Назаров, Persian: آرز نظراف‎‎; born on 3 February 1970) is a retired Tajikistani footballer who played as a Midfielder for the Tajikistan national football team.	Oraz Nazarov	3 February 1970
date of birth	Pyarelal Nayyar (1899--1982) was the personal secretary of Mahatma Gandhi in his later years.	Pyarelal Nayyar	1899
date of birth	Warren Dunford (born 1963) is a Canadian writer, who published three comedic mystery novels in the 1990s and 2000s.	Warren Dunford	1963
date of birth	Graham Hocking (born 8 January 1952) is a former professional Australian rules football player at the South Melbourne.	Graham Hocking	8 January 1952
date of birth	Thanh Thanh Hiền (born in 1969) is Vietnamese vocalist of cải lương.	Thanh Thanh Hiền	1969
date of birth	John Palfrey (born 1972) is a leading American educator, scholar, and law professor.	John Palfrey	1972
date of birth	Happy Salma or Jero Happy Salma Wanasari (born Happy Salma; 4 January 1980) is an Indonesian actress, model, and writer.	Happy Salma	4 January 1980
date of birth	Gordon Froud (born 1963 in Johannesburg) is a South African artist and curator.	Gordon Froud	1963
date of birth	Mark Rawlinson (born 9 June 1975) is a Police Officer and former English footballer who played in The Football League for Bournemouth and Exeter City.	Mark Rawlinson	9 June 1975
date of birth	Allen Bowie Duckett (1775 -- July 19, 1809) was a Maryland and a United States federal judge.	Allen Bowie Duckett	1775
date of birth	L. G. Havanur (March, 1927--September 15, 2006) was the former Law Minister in the Sri Devaraj Urs government of Karnataka during 1972-73.	L. G. Havanur	March, 1927
date of birth	Daniel Fernando (born Cesar Fernando Ramirez on 12 May 1962) is the Vice Governor of Province of Bulacan.	Daniel Fernando	12 May 1962
date of birth	Corey Ellis (born 9 October 1996) is a professional Australian rules football player for the Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Corey Ellis	9 October 1996
date of birth	Erik Jiménez (or Erick Jiménez, born 17 September 1981) is a Cuban hammer thrower.	Erik Jiménez	17 September 1981
date of birth	Elvira Barbey (7 August 1892 -- ?) was a Swiss figure skater.	Elvira Barbey	7 August 1892
date of birth	Greg Hatza is an American jazz organist born in 1948 in Reading, Pennsylvania.	Greg Hatza	1948
date of birth	Elijah Moshinsky (born 8 January 1946) is an Australian opera director, theatre director and television director who has worked at the Royal Opera House, the Metropolitan Opera, the Royal National Theatre, BBC Television and numerous other venues.	Elijah Moshinsky	8 January 1946
date of birth	Jente Bouckaert (born 15 January 1990) is a Belgian athlete who competes in the sprint.	Jente Bouckaert	15 January 1990
date of birth	Kaliopate Tavola (born 1946) is a Fijian Agricultural economist, diplomat, and politician, who was his country's Minister for Foreign Affairs from 2000 to 2006.	Kaliopate Tavola	1946
date of birth	Đorđe Marković Koder (Cyrillic: Ђорђе Марковић Кодер) (1806 -- April 30, 1891) was a Serbian poet born in Austrian Empire.	Đorđe Marković Koder	1806
date of birth	Nikolász Iliász (born 3 November 1991) is a Hungarian sabre fencer, team bronze medallist at the 2009 World Championships and silver team medallist at the 2013 European Championships.	Nikolász Iliász	3 November 1991
date of birth	Thomas Douglas, 5th Earl of Selkirk (20 June 1771 -- 8 April 1820) was a Scottish peer.	Thomas Douglas, 5th Earl of Selkirk	20 June 1771
date of birth	John Skandalis (born 16 June 1976 in Sydney, New South Wales) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s for the Wests Tigers of the NRL.	John Skandalis	16 June 1976
date of birth	Laetitia du Couëdic de Kerérant (born 6 June 1996) is a Franco-Swiss equestrian rider.	Laetitia du Couëdic	6 June 1996
date of birth	Gus McGinnis (August, 1870 -- April 20, 1904) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball.	Gus McGinnis	1870
date of birth	Liu Zhijun (simplified Chinese: 刘志军; traditional Chinese: 劉志軍; pinyin: Liú Zhìjūn; born 29 January 1953) is a former Chinese politician and senior bureaucrat within the Ministry of Railways of the People's Republic of China.	Liu Zhijun	1953
date of birth	Anton Sveinn McKee (born 18 December 1993 in Reykjavik) is an Icelandic swimmer who competes in the Men's 400m individual medley.	Anton Sveinn McKee	18 December 1993
date of birth	Emin Boztepe (born 17 July 1962) is an American martial artist of Turkish origin who held German nationality prior to naturalization.	Emin Boztepe	17 July 1962
date of birth	Nils Lahr (born August 1973) is an American entrepreneur, inventor and computer scientist known for his work in the streaming media industry.	Nils Lahr	August 1973
date of birth	Monroe Henderson (1818 in Watertown, Jefferson County, New York -- December 5, 1899 in Jamaica, Queens, New York City) was an American merchant and politician from New York.	Monroe Henderson	1818
date of birth	Soumitra Chatterjee or Soumitra Chattopadhyay (Shoumitro Chôṭṭopaddhae; born 19 January 1935) is an Indian film and stage actor and poet.	Soumitra Chatterjee	19 January 1935
date of birth	Štefan Zaťko (born 21 May 1962) is a Slovak football manager and currently is a head coach of team FK Pohronie.	Štefan Zaťko	21 May 1962
date of birth	Sabri Hamadeh (1902-1976) (Arabic: صبري حماده‎) was a Lebanese politician and long-time Speaker of the Lebanese Parliament.	Sabri Hamadeh	1902
date of birth	Gabriele Giordano Caccia S.T.D., J.C.L. (24 February 1958) is an Italian Catholic prelate, who since 2009 has served as Apostolic Nuncio to Lebanon.	Gabriele Giordano Caccia	24 February 1958
date of birth	Ben Doller (previously Doyle) (born 1973 Warsaw, New York) is an American poet and writer.	Ben Doller	1973
date of birth	John Nicholas Rede Elliott, known as Nicholas Elliott, (15 November 1916 -- 13 April 1994) was an MI6 Intelligence Officer;	Nicholas Elliott	15 November 1916
date of birth	Carel de Vogelaer (1653 - 8 August 1695) was a Dutch still life painter of the Baroque period primarily active in Italy.	Carel de Vogelaer	1653
date of birth	Sepp Piontek, fullname Josef Emanuel Hubertus Piontek (born 5 March 1940 in Breslau) is a former German footballer and manager.	Sepp Piontek	5 March 1940
date of birth	Benjamin Stefanski (born 17 April 1987), better known by his stage name Raffertie, is a British composer and producer, based in London, England.	Raffertie	17 April 1987
date of birth	Amandine Leynaud (born 2 May 1986) is a French handballer who plays for the Macedonian club ŽRK Vardar and the French national team.	Amandine Leynaud	2 May 1986
date of birth	Myrna Anselma (14 September 1936 -- October 2008) was a Dutch Antillean fencer.	Myrna Anselma	14 September 1936
date of birth	Russell Spence (born 3 January 1960 in Bradford, Yorkshire) was an English racing driver.	Russell Spence	3 January 1960
date of birth	Linda Colley, CBE, FBA, FRSL, FRHistS (born 13 September 1949) is a historian of Britain, empire and nationalism.	Linda Colley	13 September 1949
date of birth	Blair Millar (born 16 October 1956), is a Scottish former footballer, who played for Clydebank, Airdrieonians and Kilmarnock.	Blair Millar	16 October 1956
date of birth	Pouya Norouzinejad (Persian: پویا نوروزی‌نژاد‎, born 23 June 1994) is an Iranian handball player for Magnesium Ferdows and the Iranian national team.	Pouya Norouzinejad	23 June 1994
date of birth	Ben Baldwin (born 1979) is a British television presenter, he was one of the main hosts of ITV's Make Your Play.	Ben Baldwin	1979
date of birth	Pietro Anastasi (born 7 April 1948), nicknamed Petruzzu 'u turcu by fans, was an Italian footballer who played mainly in the role of a striker.	Pietro Anastasi	7 April 1948
date of birth	Lasse Hessel (b. 1940 in Denmark) also known as ``the family doctor'', is a Danish inventor, author and MD noted for such inventions as the Femidom and the Femi-X pill, and an internationally acknowledged expert on nutrition and dietary fibre.	Lasse Hessel	1940
date of birth	Charlotte Thitz (1799-1889), was a Finnish pedagogue.	Charlotte Thitz	1799
date of birth	Ewa Synowska (born 19 August 1974) is a retired Polish swimmer who won a bronze medals at the 1991 European Aquatics Championships.	Ewa Synowska	19 August 1974
date of birth	Álvaro Luiz Maior de Aquino (born 1 November 1977), known simply as Álvaro, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Clube Atlético Linense.	Álvaro Luiz Maior de Aquino	1 November 1977
date of birth	Lydie Schmit (31 January 1939 -- 7 April 1988) was a Luxembourgish politician and teacher.	Lydie Schmit	31 January 1939
date of birth	Alma Johansson (1880-1974) was a Swedish missionary who worked in the city of Mush in the Ottoman Empire at the beginning of the 20th century.	Alma Johansson	1880
date of birth	Eimear McBride (b. 1976) is a novelist whose debut novel, A Girl Is a Half-formed Thing, won the inaugural Goldsmiths Prize in 2013 and the 2014 Baileys Women's Prize for Fiction.	Eimear McBride	1976
date of birth	Peter Speliopoulos, born in 1961 in Springfield, Massachusetts, is an American fashion designer.	Peter Speliopoulos	1961
date of birth	Iziaslav IV Vladimirovich (Russian: Изяслав Владимирович) (1186--12??), was the Prince of Terebovlya (1210) and Novgorod-Seversky (12??--1235) and Grand Prince of Kiev (1235--1236).	Iziaslav IV Vladimirovich	1186
date of birth	Els De Temmerman (born 1962) is a former Belgian journalist who established Childsoldiers, an organization that works for the rehabilitation of child soldiers in Africa.	Els De Temmerman	1962
date of birth	Isaac Ware (1704 -- 1766) was an English architect and translator of Italian Renaissance architect Andrea Palladio.	Isaac Ware	1704
date of birth	Carsten Bergemann (born 24 January 1979 in Bautzen) is a German track cyclist, specialising in the sprint disciplines.	Carsten Bergemann	24 January 1979
date of birth	Mohamed Khodavand (Persian: محمدتقی خداوند‎‎, born 7 March 1950) is a former Iranian cyclist.	Mohamed Khodavand	7 March 1950
date of birth	Tara Springett (née Ulrike Erika Elisabeth Fulda; born 28 November 1960) is Buddhist therapist, teacher and author of self-help books.	Tara Springett	28 November 1960
date of birth	Alexander Everett (1921--2005) was a British self-improvement and personal development consultant.	Alexander Everett	1921
date of birth	Ambuyah Ebanks (born c. 1985) is the Miss Cayman Islands Pageant 2006 winner.	Ambuyah Ebanks	1985
date of birth	Avon Hudson (born 1939) is a South Australian RAAF ex-serviceman, nuclear weapons testing whistle-blower and co-author of the 2005 book Beyond Belief which he wrote with academic and historian, Roger Cross.	Avon Hudson	1939
date of birth	Jason Koumas (born 25 September 1979) is a Welsh former professional footballer who played for Tranmere Rovers, Cardiff City, West Bromwich Albion and Wigan Athletic.	Jason Koumas	25 September 1979
date of birth	Bizunesh Bekele (var. Bezunesh Bekele, Amharic: ብዙነሽ በቀለ?; 1936 -- 25 June 1990) was an Ethiopian popular soul singer popular in the 1960s and 1970s.	Bizunesh Bekele	1936
date of birth	Jean-Boniface Assélé (born 9 February 1939) is a Gabonese politician and the President of the Circle of Liberal Reformers (CLR).	Jean-Boniface Assélé	9 February 1939
date of birth	Trevor Obst (21 June 1940 -- 1 December 2015) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Port Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) during the 1960s and 70s.	Trevor Obst	21 June 1940
date of birth	Praneeth Hewage (born 1 October 1987; full name Uyangoda Hewage Praneeth Thimanka) was a Sri Lankan cricketer.	Praneeth Hewage	1 October 1987
date of birth	Fionn Fitzgerald (born 27 April 1990) is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays as a left corner-back with the Kerry senior team.	Fionn Fitzgerald	27 April 1990
date of birth	Angus Gibson (1842--1920) was a sugar planter and politician.	Angus Gibson	1842
date of birth	Marko Novaković (Serbian Cyrillic: Марко Новаковић, born 4 January 1989) is a Serbian sprint canoer.	Marko Novaković	4 January 1989
date of birth	Susan Bonner (born 1963) is a Canadian radio and television journalist, currently the lead anchor of CBC Radio One's The World at Six.	Susan Bonner	1963
date of birth	Rusi Brij (17 November 1955 - 20 May 2009) was an Indian business executive and entrepreneur.	Rusi Brij	17 November 1955
date of birth	Asher Karni (Hebrew: אשר קרני‎; born 1954) is a South African and Israeli businessman known for his financial involvement and support for both the Pakistani and Israeli nuclear programs.	Asher Karni	1954
date of birth	Kamala Chakravarty (born Saraswati Kamala Shastri, 1928) is an Indian classical musician and former dancer, known for her association with sitar maestro Ravi Shankar.	Kamala Chakravarty	1928
date of birth	Rong Zhen (traditional Chinese: 榮臻; simplified Chinese: 荣臻; pinyin: Róng Zhēn; Wade--Giles: Jung Chen) (1891--????) was a military commander in the Republic of China.	Rong Zhen	1891
date of birth	Stefan Stanchev (Bulgarian: Стефан Станчев; born 26 April 1989) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays for Cherno More Varna.	Stefan Stanchev	26 April 1989
date of birth	Brendan Courtney (born 24 June 1973 in Dublin) is an Irish television presenter and fashion stylist, the first openly gay presenter in Ireland.	Brendan Courtney	24 June 1973
date of birth	Bai Anqi (born 9 January 1993; Chinese: 白安琪) is a Chinese swimmer.	Bai Anqi	9 January 1993
date of birth	Margaret of England (29 September 1240 -- 26 February 1275) was Queen of Scots as the wife of King Alexander III.	Margaret of England	29 September 1240
date of birth	Robert Reale (born 1956) is an American composer with a long list of credits in film, TV and theater.	Robert Reale	1956
date of birth	Claudio Foscarini (born 19 November 1958) is an Italian football coach, currently serving as head coach of Serie B outfit Pro Vercelli.	Claudio Foscarini	19 November 1958
date of birth	Nina Miranda (born 1970) is a singer and songwriter who was a member of English bands Smoke City, Shrift and Zeep.	Nina Miranda	1970
date of birth	Sam Vanni (till 1941 Samuel Besprosvanni; 6 July 1908 -- 20 October 1992) was a Finnish painter of Jewish origin.	Sam Vanni	6 July 1908
date of birth	Tariq Ali (/ˈtɑːrɪk ˈɑːli/; Punjabi, Urdu: طارق علی‎; born 21 October 1943) is a British Pakistani writer, journalist, and filmmaker.	Tariq Ali	21 October 1943
date of birth	Christian Worch (born March 14, 1956) is a prominent German right-wing nationalist activist and chairman of the right-wing political party Die Rechte.	Christian Worch	1956
date of birth	Durk Pearson (born in 1943 in Illinois) is best known for coauthoring a series of books on longevity, beginning with Life Extension:	Durk Pearson	1943
date of birth	Júlio César Teixeira known as Julinho (the diminutive form of Júlio, born 18 June 1979) is a Brazilian footballer.	Júlio César Teixeira	18 June 1979
date of birth	Hersjana Matmuja (born 1 February 1990), also known as Hersi Matmuja or simply Hersi is an Albanian singer, best known for winning the 52nd edition of Festivali i Këngës.	Hersi Matmuja	1 February 1990
date of birth	Lilit Bleyan (Armenian: Լիլիթ Բլեյան; born 2 June 1978) is an Armenian songwriter, singer.	Lilit Bleyan	2 June 1978
date of birth	Andrea Echeverri (born 13 September 1965) is a Colombian rock/pop singer and guitarist.	Andrea Echeverri	13 September 1965
date of birth	Bob Kortman (24 December 1887 -- 13 March 1967) was an American film actor mostly associated with westerns, though he also appeared in a number of Laurel and Hardy comedies.	Bob Kortman	24 December 1887
date of birth	Michael Annals (21 April 1938 - 1990) was a theatrical scenic and costume designer.	Michael Annals	21 April 1938
date of birth	Jennifer Baumgardner (born 1970) is a writer, activist, filmmaker, and lecturer whose work explores abortion, sex, bisexuality, rape, single parenthood, and women's power.	Jennifer Baumgardner	1970
date of birth	Johannes Hahn (born 2 December 1957) is an Austrian politician, who since November 2014 is Commissioner for European Neighbourhood Policy & Enlargement Negotiations.	Johannes Hahn	2 December 1957
date of birth	Mitchell Lazar (born 1956) is an endocrinologist and physician-scientist widely known for his discovery of the hormone resistin and his contributions to the transcriptional regulation of metabolism.	Mitchell Lazar	1956
date of birth	Prince Michael of Greece and Denmark, RE (born 7 January 1939) is the author of several historical novels and biographies, as well as a contributing writer to Architectural Digest.	Prince Michael of Greece and Denmark	7 January 1939
date of birth	Margaret Dragu (born 1953) is a Canadian dancer, writer, performance artist and feminist.	Margaret Dragu	1953
date of birth	Wayne Richardson (born 8 December 1946) is a former Australian rules footballer in the (then) Victorian Football League.	Wayne Richardson	8 December 1946
date of birth	Bùi Dzinh (born 1929) is a former Vietnamese military commander.	Bùi Dzinh	1929
date of birth	Fahriye Evcen (born 4 June 1986) is a Turkish actress, best known for her role as Necla Tekin on the Turkish TV-series Yaprak Dökümü and Feride role in Çalıkuşu series Novel by Reşat Nuri Güntekin.	Fahriye Evcen	4 June 1986
date of birth	Khasan Israilov (Chechen: Israil Khant Hasan/Исраил КIант Хьасан; Russian: Хасан Исраилов; 1910 - December 29, 1944) was a Chechen nationalist, guerrilla fighter, journalist, and poet who led a Chechen and Ingush resistance and rebellion against the Soviet Union from 1940 until his death in 1944.	Khasan Israilov	1910
date of birth	Saleemul Huq (born 2 October 1952) is a Bangladeshi scientist based in London.	Saleemul Huq	2 October 1952
date of birth	Robert Engman (1927 Belmont, Massachusetts) is an American sculptor with a number of works in the Hirshhorn Museum, and elsewhere in the U.S.	Robert Engman	1927
date of birth	Thanu Padmanabhan (born 10 March 1957) is an Indian theoretical physicist and cosmologist whose research spans a wide variety of topics in Gravitation, Structure formation in the universe and Quantum Gravity.	Thanu Padmanabhan	10 March 1957
date of birth	Joy Press (born 1966) is a writer and editor.	Joy Press	1966
date of birth	Kate Sissons (born 1980) is a British RADA-trained actress.	Kate Sissons	1980
date of birth	Kenny Thompson (born 26 April 1985) is a Belgian football player who, starting from the 2015-16 season, is playing for Beerschot Wilrijk.	Kenny Thompson	26 April 1985
date of birth	Jeff Oaks (1964 - present) is an American poet and essayist who is a Senior Lecturer at the University of Pittsburgh and the Assistant Director of the Writing Program.	Jeff Oaks	1964
date of birth	Eugenio Morelli, Cavaliere OMRI, Ufficiale OMRI (Italian pronunciation: (euˈdʒɛnjo mɔ'rɛlli); born 29 August 1946) is an Italian physician, poet, writer, essayist and art critic.	Eugenio Morelli	29 August 1946
date of birth	Mohammad Esmaeil Saeidi (Persian: ‌‌محمداسماعیل سعیدی‎‎; born 1961) is an Iranian politician.	Mohammad Esmaeil Saeidi	1961
date of birth	Miguel Maria de Sá Pais do Amaral, 4th Count of Alferrarede, KHDSMOM, commonly known as Miguel Amaral (born 31 July 1954) is a Portuguese aristocrat, businessman and amateur racing driver.	Miguel Amaral	31 July 1954
date of birth	Trevor Hamilton (born 19 June 1982), is a Northern Irish murderer.	Trevor Hamilton	19 June 1982
date of birth	José Ariel Núñez Portelli (born 12 September 1988) is a Paraguayan international footballer who plays for Club Olimpia as a striker, on loan from Danish club Brøndby.	José Ariel Núñez	12 September 1988
date of birth	Davide Valsecchi (born 24 January 1987) is an Italian racing driver, and the 2012 GP2 Series champion.	Davide Valsecchi	24 January 1987
date of birth	Thomas Glave (born 1964) is an American author of Jamaican descent who has published widely and won numerous awards.	Thomas Glave	1964
date of birth	Johan Mjällby (Swedish pronunciation: (ˈjuː.ˈan ˈmjɛlbʏ)) (born 9 February 1971) is a Swedish former footballer.	Johan Mjällby	9 February 1971
date of birth	Ziv Kalontarov (also ``Kalontorov'', ``Kaluntarov'', and ``Kalntrov''; Hebrew: זיו קלונטרוב‎; born 15 January 1997) is an Israeli swimmer and the reigning European Games champion in the 50 m freestyle.	Ziv Kalontarov	15 January 1997
date of birth	Jiao Guobiao (simplified Chinese: 焦国标; traditional Chinese: 焦國標; pinyin: jiāo guó biāo; born 1963 in Qi County, Kaifeng, Henan) is a Chinese dissident who was formerly an associate professor at Peking University's College of Journalism and Communications until he was dismissed.	Jiao Guobiao	1963
date of birth	Svetlana Krivencheva (Bulgarian: Светлана Кривенчева) (born 30 December 1973 in Plovdiv) is a retired Bulgarian tennis player.	Svetlana Krivencheva	30 December 1973
date of birth	Deborah Hautzig (born 1956, New York) is the author of several children's books, including the Little Witch series.	Deborah Hautzig	1956
date of birth	Karlheinz Böhm (16 March 1928 -- 29 May 2014), sometimes referred to as Carl Boehm or Karl Boehm, was an Austrian actor.	Karlheinz Böhm	16 March 1928
date of birth	Pablito de Cádiz (1908--January 24, 2004) was a Spanish flamenco dancer (bailaor).	Pablito de Cádiz	1908
date of birth	Rafał Jakubowicz (born 1974), is a visual artist and art critic.	Rafał Jakubowicz	1974
date of birth	Stephen Carr (born 29 August 1976) is an Irish former footballer who played for and captained Birmingham City from 2009 to 2013.	Stephen Carr	29 August 1976
date of birth	Myōgiryū Yasunari (妙義龍 泰成, born 22 October 1986) is a professional sumo wrestler from Takasago city in Hyōgo prefecture, Japan.	Myōgiryū Yasunari	22 October 1986
date of birth	Phyllis Wallbank MBE (born 1 September 1918) is a British educationalist who, in 1948, founded the first all-age Montessori school in Great Britain and the Gatehouse Learning Centre, which took its name from the gatehouse of the Priory Church of St Bartholomew the Great in London.	Phyllis Wallbank	1 September 1918
date of birth	Frank H. Krusen (1898 - September 16, 1973) was an American physiatrist.	Frank H. Krusen	1898
date of birth	Rhys Nicholson (born 22 April 1990) is an Australian comedian originally from Newcastle, New South Wales, now living in Sydney.	Rhys Nicholson	22 April 1990
date of birth	Samuel Contesti (born 4 March 1983) is a French-Italian former competitive figure skater.	Samuel Contesti	4 March 1983
date of birth	Neal Slavin (born 1941 in Brooklyn, New York, USA) is an American photographer and television/film director.	Neal Slavin	1941
date of birth	Amir Nasar A Din (Hebrew: אמיר נאסר א-דין‎; born 5 March 1993) is an Israeli-Druze footballer who plays as a Defender.	Amir Nasar A Din	5 March 1993
date of birth	Xavier Prats Monné (born 1956 in Tarragona, Spain) is a high-ranking official of the European Commission.	Xavier Prats Monné	1956
date of birth	Bruce Munro (born 1959, London) is an English artist primarily concerned with the medium of light.	Bruce Munro	1959
date of birth	Yümjiriin Mönkh-Amgalan (Mongolian: Юмжирийн Мөнх-Амгалан) (born 1956 in Bayanmönkh, Khentii) is a Professor of linguistics at the National University of Mongolia.	Yümjiriin Mönkh-Amgalan	1956
date of birth	Susana Agüero (1944-- March 26, 2012) was an Argentine ballet dancer who also danced in musicals and shows.	Susana Agüero	1944
date of birth	Ben Kinmont (born 1963) is an artist, publisher, and antiquarian bookseller living in Sebastopol, California, United States.	Ben Kinmont	1963
date of birth	Arthur D. Morse (December 27, 1920-June 1, 1971) was a World War II historian, best known for his book While Six Million Died:	Arthur D. Morse	1920
date of birth	Chris Douglas (born 4 August 1974), known primarily for his work as O.S.T., is an electronic musician from San Francisco, California.	Chris Douglas	4 August 1974
date of birth	Henrik Peschel, also known as Henna Peschel, (born 1967 in Hamburg) is a German film director, screenwriter, cameraman and producer.	Henrik Peschel	1967
date of birth	Petko Yankov (Bulgarian: Петко Янков, born 6 October 1977) is a retired Bulgarian sprinter who specialized in the 200 metres.	Petko Yankov	6 October 1977
date of birth	Willy Fischler (born in 1949 in Antwerpen, Belgium) is a theoretical physicist and string theorist.	Willy Fischler	1949
date of birth	Ahmed Dino (1785--1849) was an Albanian military leader and politician.	Ahmed Dino	1785
date of birth	Didier Pfirter (born 1959, Basel) is a Swiss diplomat.	Didier Pfirter	1959
date of birth	Johann Tschopp (born 1 July 1982 in Sierre) is a Swiss professional mountain bike racer.	Johann Tschopp	1 July 1982
date of birth	Sexton Ming (born 1961) is a British artist, poet and musician who was a founding member of The Medway Poets (1979) and Stuckism art movement (1999).	Sexton Ming	1961
date of birth	Elizabeth Fones Winthrop Feake Hallett (21 January 1610 -- c. 1673) was an early settler in the Massachusetts Bay Colony where her father-in-law (and uncle) John Winthrop served as Governor.	Elizabeth Fones	21 January 1610
date of birth	Christian Blum (born 10 March 1987) is a German track and field sprinter who specialises in the 100 metres and 60 metres.	Christian Blum	10 March 1987
date of birth	José Miguel Class (26 September 1938, in Manatí, Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican singer who gained wide international fame during the 1960s and 1970s.	José Miguel Class	26 September 1938
date of birth	Andi Durrant (born 1981) is a radio presenter, disc jockey and music producer from Leeds, UK Andi Durrant currently hosts The Electrik Playground radio show on various radio stations around the world.	Andi Durrant	1981
date of birth	Henry Kõrvits (born 30 December 1974 in Tallinn), better known by his stagename G-Enka is an Estonian rapper and record producer.	G-Enka	30 December 1974
date of birth	Jacques Palminger (born Heinrich Ebber in 1964 in Borken, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German actor, musician, and member of the comedy ensemble Studio Braun.	Jacques Palminger	1964
date of birth	Berith Agneta Eriksson (born 3 May 1965 in Västerås, Västmanland) is a Swedish former freestyle swimmer.	Agneta Eriksson	3 May 1965
date of birth	Wallace Rea (21 August 1935 -- 1998) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a right winger.	Wallace Rea	21 August 1935
date of birth	Marvyn Cox (born 11 July 1964 in Whitstable, Kent) is a former Speedway rider .	Marvyn Cox	11 July 1964
date of birth	Saleh Fouzan (February, 1956) is an award winning cinematographer.	Saleh Fouzan	February, 1956
date of birth	Max Rooses (10 February 1839 -- 15 July 1914) was a Belgian writer, literature critic, and curator of the Plantin-Moretus Museum at Antwerp.	Max Rooses	10 February 1839
date of birth	Skinnar Per Andersson from Sollerön (1703 -- January 30, 1744) was a farmer from Dalarna, member of the Swedish Riksdag representing parts of Dalarna and one of the key leaders of the Dalecarlian Rebellion of 1743.	Skinnar Per Andersson	1703
date of birth	Lasse Rise (born 9 June 1986) is a Danish professional football Winger or a Forward, who currently plays for the Danish Superliga side Esbjerg fB.	Lasse Rise	9 June 1986
date of birth	The Most Reverend James O'Fallon (bef 1756 -- 2 Dec 1786) was an Irish Roman Catholic clergyman who served as the Bishop of Elphin from 1756 to 1786.	James O'Fallon	1756
date of birth	Stephen Mokoka (born 31 January 1985) is a South African long-distance runner who competes in races ranging from 3000 metres to the marathon distance.	Stephen Mokoka	31 January 1985
date of birth	Dietrich Varez (born 28 March 1939) is an iconoclastic printmaker-painter.	Dietrich Varez	28 March 1939
date of birth	Loren Stuckenbruck (born 1960) is an historian of early Christianity and Second Temple Judaism, currently professor of New Testament at the University of Munich, in Germany.	Loren Stuckenbruck	1960
date of birth	Alireza Nourizadeh (Persian: علی‌رضا نوری‌زاده‎‎, born 24 June 1949 in Tehran) is an Iranian scholar, literary figure, journalist, political activist and an expert on Iranian contemporary history.	Alireza Nourizadeh	24 June 1949
date of birth	Prince Lorenz of Belgium, Archduke of Austria-Este (born 16 December 1955) is a member of the Belgian Royal Family and an Austrian-Belgian citizen.	Prince Lorenz of Belgium, Archduke of Austria-Este	16 December 1955
date of birth	Anita Kazai (born 28 May 1988 in Szeged) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Fehérvár KC in left wing position.	Anita Kazai	28 May 1988
date of birth	Thea Fleming (also Flemming, born 1942 in Sittard) is a Dutch film actress who spent much of her career in Italy, sometimes credited as Isabella Biancini.	Thea Fleming	1942
date of birth	Phyllis Bartholomew (born 19 April 1914) is an English track and field athlete who competed in the long jump event during her career.	Phyllis Bartholomew	19 April 1914
date of birth	Sandra Steingraber (born 1959) is an American biologist, author, and cancer survivor.	Sandra Steingraber	1959
date of birth	Gilbert Mapemba (born 26 July 1985) is a Zimbabwean defender (right back).	Gilbert Mapemba	26 July 1985
date of birth	Stanislav Angelovič (born 26 March 1982) is a Slovak playing coach who plays for ŠK Svätý Jur.	Stanislav Angelovič	26 March 1982
date of birth	Born in October 1923 at Kohima in Nagaland, Shri T. S. Gurung was educated in Guwahati and Shillong.	T. S. Gurung	October 1923
date of birth	George Burroughs Torrey (1863--1942) was an American painter, best known for his portraits.	George Burroughs Torrey	1863
date of birth	Frederick John Inman (28 June 1935 -- 8 March 2007) was an English actor and singer best known for his role as Mr. Humphries in Are You Being Served?, a British sitcom between 1972 and 1985.	John Inman	28 June 1935
date of birth	Jean Gainche (born 12 August 1932, in Remingol) was a French professional road bicycle racer.	Jean Gainche	12 August 1932
date of birth	Nathaniel Hale Pryor (1772--1831) served as Sergeant in the Lewis and Clark Expedition.	Nathaniel Hale Pryor	1772
date of birth	Vince Lateano (born 1942) is an American jazz drummer who has toured with numerous great jazz musicians over the years, including Cal Tjader, Woody Herman, Vince Guaraldi, and Stan Getz.	Vince Lateano	1942
date of birth	Yasuhiro Fueki (Japanese: 笛木 靖宏; born 20 December 1985) is a Japanese track and field athlete who competes in the 400 metres hurdles.	Yasuhiro Fueki	20 December 1985
date of birth	Aurélien Nattes (born 30 March 1984) is a French semi-professional football player.	Aurélien Nattes	30 March 1984
date of birth	Mehmet Naci Bostancı (born 2 August 1957) is a Turkish politician and academic who currently serves as the Deputy Speaker of the Grand National Assembly along with Şafak Pavey, Koray Aydın and Yurdusev Özsökmenler as of 9 July 2015.	Naci Bostancı	2 August 1957
date of birth	August Starek (born 16 February 1945) is a former international Austrian footballer and football manager.	August Starek	16 February 1945
date of birth	Stan Fairbairn (14 July 1886 -- 26 February 1943) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Stan Fairbairn	14 July 1886
date of birth	Daniel O'Sullivan (born 1 December 1980) is an English artist, multi-instrumentalist and composer from Manchester, England, best known for playing in experimental art-rock bands Grumbling Fur, Guapo, Miasma & the Carousel of Headless Horses, Ulver, Sunn O))), Æthenor, Miracle and Mothlite.	Daniel O'Sullivan	1 December 1980
date of birth	Georgia Bruce (born 7 May 1981) is an expert in equine behavior and psychology.	Georgia Bruce	7 May 1981
date of birth	Alexi Worth (born 1964, New York, NY) is a painter, curator, art critic, and writer who is known for his conceptually rich and visually graphic works that address modern life and artmaking.	Alexi Worth	1964
date of birth	Vishal Kampani (born 30 January 1977) is the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Institutional Equities Group at the JM Financial group of companies.	Vishal Kampani	30 January 1977
date of birth	George Compton, 6th Earl of Northampton (1692 -- 6 December 1758), known as the Honourable George Compton until 1754, was a British peer and Member of Parliament.	George Compton, 6th Earl of Northampton	1692
date of birth	Rana Majid Haq Khan (born 11 February 1983), better known as Majid Haq, is a Scottish cricketer.	Majid Haq	11 February 1983
date of birth	Karolína Peake (born 10 October 1975), née Karolína Kvačková, is a Czech politician.	Karolína Peake	10 October 1975
date of birth	Jaime Crespo (born in 1961 in California) is an American multi-artist, musician, and writer of Mexican descent.	Jaime Crespo	1961
date of birth	Ellen Berkenblit (1958) is an American contemporary visual artist, whose work has been shown at many museums and art galleries across the country since the 1980s.	Ellen Berkenblit	1958
date of birth	Joanna Hoareau (born 19 January 1979) is a Seychellois former sprinter and long jumper.	Joanna Hoareau	19 January 1979
date of birth	Kanjeng Raden Tumenggung Irwan Susetyo Pakusadewo, better known by the stage name Tio Pakusadewo (born 2 September 1963), is an Indonesian actor.	Tio Pakusadewo	2 September 1963
date of birth	Daniel Mojsov (Macedonian: Дaниeл Mojсoв, born 25 December 1987 in Kavadarci) is a Macedonian professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Cypriot club AEK Larnaca.	Daniel Mojsov	25 December 1987
date of birth	Muhammad Arshad Khan (Urdu: : محمد ارشد خان‎, born 14 October 1969) known as MAK, is a Pakistani artist, painter, sculptor, social worker and the president of the Pakistan national committee for the World Art Games.	Muhammad Arshad Khan	14 October 1969
date of birth	Roy Lunn (born 1925) is an engineer in the automotive industry.	Roy Lunn	1925
date of birth	Matthias Preusser (born 29 October 1976, Mödling) is an Austrian oncologist.	Matthias Preusser	29 October 1976
date of birth	Emanuel Oppliger (born 23 June 1975) is an Australian snowboarder, competing in the parallel giant slalom.	Emanuel Oppliger	23 June 1975
date of birth	Andrew House (born 23 January 1965) is a Welsh businessman and the current president and Group CEO of Sony Computer Entertainment (SCEI), replacing Kaz Hirai who became chairman of the company in 2011.	Andrew House	23 January 1965
date of birth	Peter Harness (born 1976) is an English playwright, screenwriter and actor.	Peter Harness	1976
date of birth	Aase Moløkken (born 27 April 1930 in Norderhov, Buskerud) is a Norwegian politician (Ap).	Aase Moløkken	1930
date of birth	Daniella Weiss (Hebrew: דניאלה וייס; born 1945) is an Israeli settlement movement activist, and a former mayor of Kedumim, an Israeli settlement located in the West Bank.	Daniella Weiss	1945
date of birth	Michael Troughton (born 2 March 1955) is an English actor, writer, and teacher.	Michael Troughton	2 March 1955
date of birth	Shanta Gokhale (born 14 August 1939) is an Indian writer, translator, journalist and theatre critic.	Shanta Gokhale	14 August 1939
date of birth	Anis Boujelbene (Arabic: أنيس بوجلبان‎) (born 6 February 1978) is an Tunisian footballer.	Anis Boujelbene	6 February 1978
date of birth	George H. Coes (1828 -- March 16, 1897) was an American minstrel music performer.	George H. Coes	1828
date of birth	Ann Leckie (born 1966) is an American author and editor of science fiction and fantasy.	Ann Leckie	1966
date of birth	Sofi Flink (born 8 July 1995) is a Swedish athlete who has the Swedish national record for javelin throwing, a record she got when she broke her previous record at the 2013 World Championships in Athletics, with a throw of 61.96 in the qualifying round.	Sofi Flink	8 July 1995
date of birth	Géza Jeszenszky (born 10 November 1941) is a Hungarian politician and associate professor, former Minister of Foreign Affairs and a former ambassador to the United States.	Géza Jeszenszky	10 November 1941
date of birth	Luca Landucci (1436--1516) was an Italian apothecary from Florence, best known as the writer of a diary which later became an important primary source about the history of Florence.	Luca Landucci	1436
date of birth	John William Ogle FRCP FSA (30 July 1824, Leeds -- 8 August 1905) was an English physician, honoured as the 1880 Harveian Orator.	John William Ogle	1824
date of birth	Victoria Clayton, née Walker (born 1947) is a British author of children's books.	Victoria Clayton	1947
date of birth	Nechama Tec (née Bawnik) (born 15 May 1931) is a Professor Emerita of Sociology at the University of Connecticut.	Nechama Tec	15 May 1931
date of birth	Daniel Wyllie, also known as Dan Wyllie (born 1970) is an Australian stage, film and television actor.	Daniel Wyllie	1970
date of birth	Maria Esteves de Medeiros Vitorino de Almeida, DamSE (born 19 August 1965), known as Maria de Medeiros (Portuguese pronunciation: (mɐˈɾiɐ ðɨ mɨˈðɐjɾuʃ)), is a Portuguese actress, director, and singer who has been involved in both European and American film productions.	Maria de Medeiros	19 August 1965
date of birth	Gao Lin (Chinese: 郜林; pinyin: Gào Lín; born 14 February 1986) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou Evergrande in the Chinese Super League.	Gao Lin	14 February 1986
date of birth	Richard E. Wiley (born 1934) served as chairman of the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) from March 8, 1970 --	Richard E. Wiley	1934
date of birth	Davit Narmania (Georgian: დავით ნარმანია; born 7 March 1979) is a Georgian politician and the current Mayor of Tbilisi, the capital of Georgia.	Davit Narmania	7 March 1979
date of birth	Ajay Chandrakar (born 24 June 1963) is a cabinet minister in the Bharatiya Janata Party ruled government of Chhattisgarh state of India.	Ajay Chandrakar	24 June 1963
date of birth	Frank Spraggon (born 27 October 1945) is a former English footballer who played in the Football League for Middlesbrough and Hartlepool United.	Frank Spraggon	27 October 1945
date of birth	Gert Joubert (born 1948 in Mowbray, Cape Town) is a Namibian businessperson.	Gert Joubert	1948
date of birth	Enrico Berrè (born 10 November 1992) is an Italian sabre fencer, European team champion in 2013 and in 2014.	Enrico Berrè	10 November 1992
date of birth	Lee Kwang-soo (Hangul: 이광수; born 14 July 1985) is a South Korean actor and entertainer.	Lee Kwang-soo	14 July 1985
date of birth	Spyridon Flogaitis (Greek: Σπυρίδων Φλογαΐτης; born 22 July 1950), is a Greek lawyer, jurist and academic who is currently a professor of public law at the University of Athens.	Spyridon Flogaitis	22 July 1950
date of birth	Ualosi Kailea (born 28 October 1978 in Ha'ateiho) is a Tongan rugby union Wing.	Ualosi Kailea	28 October 1978
date of birth	Mamadou Sylla (born 25 January 1960) is a Guinean politician and business leader.	Mamadou Sylla	25 January 1960
date of birth	Amine Laâlou (born 13 May 1982) is a Moroccan track and field athlete, who specializes in middle-distance running.	Amine Laâlou	13 May 1982
date of birth	Tan Sri Datuk Seri Panglima Haji Annuar Musa (born 18 May 1956) is President of Kelantan FA since 2009.	Annuar Musa	18 May 1956
date of birth	Cedric Tamani (born 7 October 1974) is a Swiss skeleton racer, who competed in the 2005/2006 Skeleton World Cup.	Cedric Tamani	7 October 1974
date of birth	Dragoslav Bokan (Serbian Cyrillic: Драгослав Бокан; born 15 February 1961) is a Serbian film director and writer.	Dragoslav Bokan	15 February 1961
date of birth	Jean-François Cagnet, born in Baumont in 1756 (fl. 1790--1801), was a French gardener who worked under the botanist André Michaux in the course of the Nicolas Baudin voyage of scientific discovery (1800--1804).	Jean-François Cagnet	1756
date of birth	Tahin Tahera (Bengali: তাহিন তাহেরা) (born: 28 June 1990, Khulna) is a Bangladeshi woman cricketer who plays for the Bangladesh national women's cricket team.	Tahin Tahera	28 June 1990
date of birth	Derek Michael Besant (born 1950 in Alberta) is a Canadian artist living in Calgary, Alberta.	Derek Michael Besant	1950
date of birth	Oreste Squinobal (1943 -- 9 September 2004), from Gressoney-Saint-Jean, was an Italian mountain climber, mountain guide and ski mountaineer.	Oreste Squinobal	1943
date of birth	Friderich Christian Hager (9 February 1756 -- August 17, 1795) was a Danish colonial commander and governor.	Friderich Christian Hager	9 February 1756
date of birth	Catherine Schell (born Katherina Freiin Schell von Bauschlott, 17 July 1944) is a Hungarian-born actress best known for her work in British television, in particular her portrayal of Maya in the science-fiction series Space: 1999.	Catherine Schell	17 July 1944
date of birth	Graham Clive Watts OBE MCMI FRSA MRICS FRIBA CIBSE (born 5 August 1956), chief executive of the Construction Industry Council since 1991, manager of Great Britain's fencing team at the 2008 Summer Olympics and current chairman of the National Dance Awards.	Graham Clive Watts	5 August 1956
date of birth	Zhang Yuqi (simplified Chinese: 张雨绮; traditional Chinese: 張雨綺; pinyin: Zhāng Yǔqǐ; 8 August 1986), also known as ``Kitty Zhang Yuqi'', is a Chinese actress.	Zhang Yuqi	8 August 1986
date of birth	Trip Kennedy (born 24 December 1946) was an Ottawa City Councillor.	Trip Kennedy	24 December 1946
date of birth	Alex Whitworth (born 22 April 1942 in Malta) is best known as an Australian sailor .	Alex Whitworth	22 April 1942
date of birth	Géza Varasdi (born 6 February 1928) was a Hungarian athlete who mainly competed in the 100 metres.	Géza Varasdi	6 February 1928
date of birth	Gheorghe Urschi (born 18 January 1948 in Cotiujenii Mari) is a Moldovan actor, director and humorist.	Gheorghe Urschi	18 January 1948
date of birth	Andrew Lemoncello (born 12 October 1982) is a Scottish long distance runner who competes in the 3000 metres steeplechase and the marathon events.	Andrew Lemoncello	12 October 1982
date of birth	John David Albert (1806 -- April 24, 1899) was a mountain man born in Hagerstown, Maryland.	John David Albert	1806
date of birth	Princess Salma bint Abdullah (Arabic: سلمى بنت عبدالله ‎;born 26 September 2000) is the second daughter and third child of King Abdullah II and Queen Rania.	Princess Salma bint Abdullah	26 September 2000
date of birth	Chuah Guat Eng (born 1 December 1943) in Rembau, Negeri Sembilan, is a Malaysian Peranakan Chinese writer.	Chuah Guat Eng	1 December 1943
date of birth	Francis Thuo Karanja (born 6 April 1975) is a Kenyan Paralympian athlete competing mainly in category T11 long distance events.	Francis Thuo Karanja	6 April 1975
date of birth	Garbhan Downey (born 24 February 1966) is a novelist and editor from Derry, Northern Ireland.	Garbhan Downey	24 February 1966
date of birth	India de Beaufort (born India Beaufort Lloyd; 27 June 1987) is a British actress and singer-songwriter.	India de Beaufort	27 June 1987
date of birth	Petr Cigánek (born 3 September 1986) is a Czech football player, who plays for SC Neusiedl am See 1919 in Austria.	Petr Cigánek	3 September 1986
date of birth	Rod Gilfry was born in 1959 in Covina, California, and grew up in West Covina and Claremont.	Rod Gilfry	1959
date of birth	Roy LaGrone (born America, 1966) is a digital media artist.	Roy LaGrone	1966
date of birth	Judith Holfelder-Roy (née Holfelder-von der Tann; born 12 November 1976), known by her stage name Judith Holofernes, is a German singer, guitarist, songwriter and author.	Judith Holofernes	12 November 1976
date of birth	Tom Mathias (1866--1940) was a documentary photographer from Cilgerran, Pembrokeshire in the Teifi Valley.	Tom Mathias	1866
date of birth	Li Wei-ling (born 4 October 1965) is a famous radio talk show host in Hong Kong.	Li Wei-ling	4 October 1965
date of birth	Alanesian (1954--1977) was an American Thoroughbred racing filly and successful broodmare.	Alanesian	1954
date of birth	Jim Chong Shing (詹昌盛) (1958－), an infamous Hong Kong street car racer nicknamed ``Mang Hang'' and a member of ``Wo On Lok'' (和安樂), also known as ``Shui Fong'', one of the Hong Kong Triads.	Jim Chong Shing	1958
date of birth	Paul Kling (28 March 1929 -- 2 January 2005) was a Czech-born Canadian violinist.	Paul Kling	28 March 1929
date of birth	Virgilijus Alekna (Lithuanian pronunciation: ​(vʲɪrʲˈɡʲɪlʲɪjʊs ɐlʲɛkˈnɐ); 13 February 1972 in Terpeikiai, near Kupiškis) is a Lithuanian discus thrower.	Virgilijus Alekna	13 February 1972
date of birth	Marc Herremans (Merksem, 19 December 1973) is a Belgian triathlete and motivational speaker.	Marc Herremans	19 December 1973
date of birth	Albert Balink (3 August 1906 -- 8 February 1976) was a Dutch-Indonesian journalist and filmmaker who made important contributions to the Indonesian cinema in the 1930s.	Albert Balink	3 August 1906
date of birth	Luke Helliwell (born 1 March 1988, Bradford) is a rugby league player for the York City Knights.	Luke Helliwell	1 March 1988
date of birth	Govind Mishra (born 1 August 1939) is an Indian novelist, who has written more than 53 books.	Govind Mishra	1 August 1939
date of birth	Timo Furuholm (born 11 October 1987), is a Finnish professional football Forward who plays for German 3.	Timo Furuholm	11 October 1987
date of birth	Elizabeth Jimie (born 28 June 1992 in Kuching, Sarawak) is a Malaysian diver, who specialised in individual and synchronised springboard events.	Elizabeth Jimie	28 June 1992
date of birth	Zhang Linpeng (simplified Chinese: 张琳芃; traditional Chinese: 張琳芃; pinyin: Zhāng Línpéng; born 9 May 1989) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou Evergrande in the Chinese Super League.	Zhang Linpeng	9 May 1989
date of birth	Wayne Ough (born 27 November 1978) is an Australian baseball pitcher.	Wayne Ough	27 November 1978
date of birth	Ross O'Carroll (born 1 January 1987) is a hurling and football player for Dublin and Kilmacud Crokes.	Ross O'Carroll	1 January 1987
date of birth	Francis Meres was born at Kirton in the Holland division of Lincolnshire in 1565.	Francis Meres	1565
date of birth	Ellis Rastelli (born 18 January 1975) is an Italian former professional racing cyclist.	Ellis Rastelli	18 January 1975
date of birth	Amanda Rankin (born 22 October 1976) is an Australian sprint canoer who has competed since the mid-2000s.	Amanda Rankin	22 October 1976
date of birth	Victor Dubowitz (born 6 August 1931) is an English neurologist, professor emeritus at the Imperial College, London, author of several research papers and books on neurological disorders in children.	Victor Dubowitz	6 August 1931
date of birth	Patrick Thimbleby (born 4 October 1963) is a British photographer, who lives in London.	Patrick Thimbleby	4 October 1963
date of birth	Thomas Bolt (born 1959 in Washington, D.C.) is an American poet and artist.	Thomas Bolt	1959
date of birth	Adam Hogg (born 26 April 1934) was a Scottish footballer who played for Airdrie, Swindon and Dumbarton.	Adam Hogg	26 April 1934
date of birth	Margaret Masterman (4 May 1910 -- 1 April 1986) was a British linguist and philosopher, most known for her pioneering work in the field of computational linguistics and especially machine translation.	Margaret Masterman	4 May 1910
date of birth	John Crabbe Cunningham (1927 -- 31 January 1980) was a Scottish climber.	John Crabbe Cunningham	1927
date of birth	Mohd Zamir Selamat (born 9 June 1989), is a Malaysian footballer who currently plays for Perak as a Goalkeeper.	Zamir Selamat	9 June 1989
date of birth	Sonia Herman Dolz (born 1962 in Madrid) is a Dutch film director, screenwriter and documentary filmmaker, who gained international fame in 1993 with her documentary ``Romance de Valentía'' about the Spanish bullfighting.	Sonia Herman Dolz	1962
date of birth	Wolf Andreae (13 July 1898 in Ermschwerd -- 18 December 1991 in Tenerife) was a German Oberst in the Wehrmacht during World War II. Wolf Andreae was born on 13 July 1898 in the Ermschwerdt near Kassel.	Wolf Andreae	13 July 1898
date of birth	Alex Dupont (born 30 May 1954) is a former French footballer and football manager.	Alex Dupont	30 May 1954
date of birth	Anett Fiebig (born 2 November 1961) is a retired German swimmer who won a gold medal in the 200 m butterfly at the 1977 European Aquatics Championships.	Anett Fiebig	2 November 1961
date of birth	Maritta Bauerschmidt (born 23 March 1950) is a retired German artistic gymnast.	Maritta Bauerschmidt	23 March 1950
date of birth	Fiona Maazel (born 1975, Cleveland) is the author of two novels:	Fiona Maazel	1975
date of birth	Linas Alsenas (Born 1979 in Cleveland, Ohio) is a gay Lithuanian--	Linas Alsenas	1979
date of birth	Chaudhry Faisal Mushtaq (Urdu: چوہدری فیصل مشتاقى; TI; born 27 July 1978), is a Pakistani academician, school practitioner and a social entrepreneur.	Chaudhry Faisal Mushtaq	27 July 1978
date of birth	Aulus Egnatius Priscillianus (c. 135 - 1??) was a Roman philosopher.	Aulus Egnatius Priscillianus	135
date of birth	Hubertus Prinz von Sachsen-Coburg und Gotha (Hubertus Alexis Richard Ernst Eduard; born 8 December 1961) is the eldest son of Prince Ernst Leopold of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and his first wife Ingeborg Henig.	Hubertus Prinz von Sachsen-Coburg und Gotha	8 December 1961
date of birth	David Mehew (born 29 October 1967) is a former professional footballer who played in the Football League for Bristol Rovers, Exeter City and Walsall.	David Mehew	29 October 1967
date of birth	R.C. Hickman (c. 1922 -- 2007), known for his iconic photographs of the civil rights movement, was one of the most important photographers in the history of Dallas, Texas.	R.C. Hickman	1922
date of birth	Christ Mbondi (born 2 February 1992) is a Cameroonian footballer who plays for JS Saoura	Christ Mbondi	2 February 1992
date of birth	Andrej Šali (born 1963, Kranj, Slovenia) is a computational structural biologist.	Andrej Šali	1963
date of birth	Yonese Hanine (born 20 February 1990) is an Italian footballer of Moroccan descent, who plays for Italian third division club Ascoli.	Yonese Hanine	20 February 1990
date of birth	Nikos Sideris (Greek: Νίκος Σιδέρης; born 20 January 1952), is a Greek psychiatrist, translator, poet and writer.	Nikos Sideris	1952
date of birth	Nana Sahib was born on 19 May,1824 as Nana Govind Dhondu Pant, to Narayan Bhatt and Ganga Bai.	Nana Sahib	19 May,1824
date of birth	Anthony Wrona - (b. 1926 - d. 2000) was an influential American Luthier (violin maker) and Archetier (bow maker).	Anthony Wrona	1926
date of birth	Yehiel Leket (Hebrew: יחיאל לקט‎, born 12 July 1941) is an Israeli Zionist activist and former politician who briefly served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment in 1977.	Yehiel Leket	12 July 1941
date of birth	Andrea Fulignati (born 31 October 1994) is an Italian footballer, who plays as a goalkeeper for Italian Serie B club Trapani, on loan from Palermo.	Andrea Fulignati	31 October 1994
date of birth	Ivan Cano (born 1987) is a Mexican professional boxer that fights in the lightweight division.	Ivan Cano	1987
date of birth	Samuel Lasz, Hungarian scientist; born 18 December 1859, at Szergeny; studied at Pápa, Sopron, and Budapest.	Samuel Lasz	1859
date of birth	Lee Wardlaw (born 20 November 1955) is the author of several children's books, such as 101 Ways to Bug Your Teacher, 101 Ways to Bug Your Parents, and See You In September.	Lee Wardlaw	20 November 1955
date of birth	Frank Halloran (13 December 1912 -- 1 July 1966) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and Footscray in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Frank Halloran	13 December 1912
date of birth	Elizabeth Booth (born 1674) was a resident of Salem, Massachusetts Bay Colony, who became one of the accusers during the Salem Witch Trials.	Elizabeth Booth	1674
date of birth	Hi Kyung Kim (Hangul: 김희경; born 1954) is a South Korean composer.	Hi Kyung Kim	1954
date of birth	George Hastings, 8th Earl of Huntingdon (1677--1704) was the son of Theophilus Hastings, 7th Earl of Huntingdon and Elizabeth Lewis.	George Hastings, 8th Earl of Huntingdon	1677
date of birth	Johan Runesson (born 20 November 1990) is a Swedish orienteering competitor and Junior World Champion.	Johan Runesson	20 November 1990
date of birth	Johann von Hinrichs (1752--1834) received training as a military engineer.	Johann von Hinrichs	1752
date of birth	Nickitas J. Demos (born 1962) is a Greek American composer.	Nickitas J. Demos	1962
date of birth	Lewys Morgannwg (fl. 1520--65) was a Welsh language poet from Morgannwg, south Wales.	Lewys Morgannwg	1520
date of birth	Sebastian Da Costa (born 1990 in Luanda, Angola), better known by his stage name Daco Junior, is a singer/songwriter, rapper and a record producer from Vaasa, Finland.	Daco Junior	1990
date of birth	Tim Seely (born 10 June 1935) is an English film, radio, television and theatre actor.	Tim Seely	10 June 1935
date of birth	Carl Bowman (born 1957) is an American sociologist, who is widely recognized for his studies of Anabaptist religious groups and is perhaps the foremost expert on the social and cultural history of the Church of the Brethren.	Carl Bowman	1957
date of birth	Eli Baruch Shulman (born October 1959) is a rosh yeshiva at Yeshiva University's affiliated Rabbi Isaac Elchanan Theological Seminary (RIETS) and a lecturer at its Yeshiva Program/Mazer School of Talmudic Studies (MYP).	Eli Baruch Shulman	October 1959
date of birth	Georgia Bonora is a former Australian gymnast, born in Melbourne on 19 May 1990.	Georgia Bonora	19 May 1990
date of birth	David Cohen Nassy (born 1612), was a professional colonizer who started Jewish colonies in the Caribbean.	David Cohen Nassy	1612
date of birth	Reginald Carter (born 7 November 1933) was an English cricketer who played for Derbyshire from 1953 to 1955.	Reginald Carter	7 November 1933
date of birth	Kristian Poulsen (born 18 November 1975) is a Danish auto racing driver, who currently competes in touring car racing.	Kristian Poulsen	18 November 1975
date of birth	Milorad Bilbija (Serbian Cyrillic: Милорад Билбија; born 17 July 1964) is a retired Bosnian professional footballer who played for Borac Banja Luka, and had a brief spell with Gaziantepspor in the Turkish Super Lig.	Milorad Bilbija	17 July 1964
date of birth	Deshamanya Balakumara Mahadeva (Tamil: பாலகுமாரன் மகாதேவா; 29 October 1921 -- 29 November 2013; commonly known as Baku Mahadeva) was a leading Sri Lankan Tamil civil servant.	Baku Mahadeva	29 October 1921
date of birth	Franca Arena (born 23 August 1937) is an Australian politician and activist.	Franca Arena	23 August 1937
date of birth	Carl Heitzmann (2 October 1836 -- 6 December 1896) was an Croatia born Austrian pathologist and dermatologist.	Carl Heitzmann	2 October 1836
date of birth	Filip Knežević (Serbian Cyrillic: Филип Кнежевић; born 8 November 1991) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a winger for Serbian SuperLiga club Čukarički.	Filip Knežević	8 November 1991
date of birth	Batty Fischer was born on 24 July 1877 in the Marché aux Herbes opposite the Grand Ducal palace where his parents, Josef Fischer and Marguerite Marie Ferron, had a shop dealing in fashionable clothes and furs.	Batty Fischer	24 July 1877
date of birth	Kylie InGold (born September 1962) is an Australian artist, a painter of the fairy and fantasy genre.	Kylie InGold	September 1962
date of birth	Roberto Ribaud (born 30 June 1961) is a former Italian sprinter who specialized in the 400 meter dash.	Roberto Ribaud	30 June 1961
date of birth	Mel Raido (born in 1977) is a Jamaican-born English actor.	Mel Raido	1977
date of birth	Dirk Bockel (born 18 October 1976) is a professional triathlete originally from Schwaikheim, Germany.	Dirk Bockel	18 October 1976
date of birth	Edward Badham (born in 1860 in Barnes, Surrey - Date of death unknown) was a police sergeant involved in the investigation of the Jack the Ripper murders, particularly those of Annie Chapman and Mary Jane Kelly.	Edward Badham	1860
date of birth	Maria Serebriakova (born 1965) is a Russian artist, who lives and works in Berlin, Germany.	Maria Serebriakova	1965
date of birth	John Purvis, CBE (born 6 July 1938, St Andrews, Fife) is a former Conservative MEP for Mid Scotland and Fife (1979-1984) and, from 1999 to 2009, was one of Scotland's seven MEPs.	John Purvis	6 July 1938
date of birth	Ștefan Zeletin (born Ștefan Motăș; June 19, 1882 -- July 20, 1934) was a Romanian philosopher, sociologist, liberal economist and political theorist.	Ștefan Zeletin	1882
date of birth	Lilia Aguilar Gil (born 17 August 1977) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the PT. She currently serves as Deputy of the LXII Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Chihuahua.	Lilia Aguilar Gil	17 August 1977
date of birth	Michael Glover (1922--90) served in the British army during World War II, after which he joined the British Council and became a professional author.	Michael Glover	1922
date of birth	William Ronald Rhys Jones (26 December 1915 -- 22 May 1987), who used the name Keidrych Rhys, was a Welsh literary journalist and editor, and a poet.	Keidrych Rhys	1915
date of birth	Daniel Olbrychski (Polish pronunciation: (ɔlˈbrɨxskʲi); born 27 February 1945) is a Polish actor best known for leading roles in several Andrzej Wajda movies and also known for playing a defector and spymaster Vassily Orlov, alongside Hollywood actress Angelina Jolie in the movie Salt.	Daniel Olbrychski	27 February 1945
date of birth	Edward Langworthy (1738--1802) was an American teacher who was a delegate to the Continental Congress from Georgia.	Edward Langworthy	1738
date of birth	Zoe Leonard (born 1961) is an American artist who works primarily with photography and sculpture.	Zoe Leonard	1961
date of birth	Peter Campbell Brown (12 August 1913 -- 23 July 1994) was a corporation counsel for New York City and a Justice Department official.	Peter Campbell Brown	12 August 1913
date of birth	Ed Stradling (born 1972 in Cardiff, Wales), is a TV producer/director, who is best known for producing documentaries accompanying the Doctor Who DVD range in the 2000s.	Ed Stradling	1972
date of birth	Shujauddin Siddiqi (10 May 1919 -- 21 July 2003) was an Indian first-class cricketer.	Shujauddin Siddiqi	10 May 1919
date of birth	Eduardo Araújo Moreira (born 19 April 1974 in Ipauçu) commonly known as Edu is a retired Brazilian footballer who played as a midfielder.	Eduardo Araújo Moreira	19 April 1974
date of birth	Baron Emil von Dungern (26 November 1867 -- 4 September 1961) was a German internist.	Emil von Dungern	26 November 1867
date of birth	Ed Rossbach was an American fiber artist who was born in Chicago, Illinois in 1914 and died on October 7, 2002 in Berkeley, California.	Ed Rossbach	1914
date of birth	Ralph Steadman (born 15 May 1936) is a British artist best known for his work with American author Hunter S. Thompson.	Ralph Steadman	15 May 1936
date of birth	Tahi Reihana (born 15 March 1972) is a former professional rugby league footballer who played in the Australian Rugby League premiership and Super League competitions.	Tahi Reihana	15 March 1972
date of birth	John Nathan (born 1940) is the translator of Japanese works written by celebrated authors such as Yukio Mishima and Kenzaburō Ōe.	John Nathan	1940
date of birth	Saeid Chahjouei (Persian: سعید چاه‌جویی‌‎‎, born 22 June 1986) is an Iranian football player.	Saeid Chahjouei	22 June 1986
date of birth	Nina Graeger (born 11 February 1965) or Nina Græger, as it is written in Norwegian, is a Norwegian political scientist, IR scholar, researcher and politician.	Nina Græger	11 February 1965
date of birth	Yvette Nolan (Algonquin/Métis) (1961) is a Canadian playwright, director, actor, and educator based out of Saskatchewan, Canada.	Yvette Nolan	1961
date of birth	Stephen Constantine (born 16 October 1962) is an English professional football coach and former player, who currently manages the Indian national team.	Stephen Constantine	16 October 1962
date of birth	Heinrich I von Müllenark (also Mulnarken) (1190--1238) was the Archbishop of Cologne within the Holy Roman Empire from 1225 until 1237.	Heinrich I von Müllenark	1190
date of birth	Samuel Simons (1792 -- January 13, 1847) was a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th congressional district from 1843 to 1845.	Samuel Simons	1792
date of birth	George Gracie (ca 1747 -- November 25, 1807) was a Scottish-born merchant, shipowner and political figure in Nova Scotia.	George Gracie	1747
date of birth	Dieter Brei (30 September 1950) is a former German footballer, now a football trainer.	Dieter Brei	30 September 1950
date of birth	Walter Hus (born 1959) is a Belgian composer and musician.	Walter Hus	1959
date of birth	Egil Søby (born 25 November 1945) is a Norwegian sprint canoer who competed from the late 1960s to the early 1970s.	Egil Søby	25 November 1945
date of birth	Tony Kouzarides, FMedSci, FRS (born 17 January 1958) is the deputy director of the Gurdon Institute, a founding non-executive director of Abcam and a Professor of Cancer Biology at the University of Cambridge.	Tony Kouzarides	17 January 1958
date of birth	Samuel Bennett (28 March 1815 -- 2 June 1878) was a journalist and newspaper owner in colonial Australia.	Samuel Bennett	28 March 1815
date of birth	Leonard Patrick Komon (born 10 January 1988 in Mount Elgon District) is a Kenyan long-distance runner and the current world record holder in the 10 kilometres and 15 km road races.	Leonard Patrick Komon	10 January 1988
date of birth	Jeremy Hooker (born 1941, Warsash) is an English poet, critic, teacher, and broadcaster.	Jeremy Hooker	1941
date of birth	Donald Bruce Dawe AO (born 15 February 1930) is an Australian poet, considered by some as one of the most influential Australian poets of all time.	Bruce Dawe	15 February 1930
date of birth	Jeff Hayenga (also known as Jeffrey Hayenga) is an American actor, born in 1950 in Sibley, Iowa.	Jeff Hayenga	1950
date of birth	Conny Van Dyke (sometimes credited as as Connie Van Dyke) is a singer and actress, born September 28, 1945 in Nassawadox, Virginia to Benjamin and Charlotte Elizabeth Van Dyke.	Conny Van Dyke	1945
date of birth	Mar-Zutra II was a Jewish Exilarch who led a successful revolt against Persia in the year 495 CE and achieved seven years of political independence in Mahoza.	Mar-Zutra II	495
date of birth	Marian Moszoro Մարիան Մոշորո (born in 1974 in Rosario, Argentina), Polish economist, in 2005-2006 he was Undersecretary of State, Deputy Minister of Finance of Poland, the youngest ever in the history of the Ministry.	Marian Moszoro	1974
date of birth	John Stuart, 12th Earl of Moray (25 January 1797 -- 8 November 1867), styled The Honourable John Stuart between 1810 and 1859, was a Scottish soldier and politician.	John Stuart, 12th Earl of Moray	25 January 1797
date of birth	Lewanika (1842--1916) (also known as Lubosi Lewanika or Lewanika I) was the Lozi Litunga (king or paramount chief) of Barotseland from 1878 to 1916 (with a break in 1884-5).	Lewanika	1842
date of birth	Belinda Bromilow (born 21 May 1975) is an Australian actress who is best known for her roles in the television series Spirited, Packed to the Rafters and Talk to Me.	Belinda Bromilow	21 May 1975
date of birth	Debora Kay Iyall (Cowlitz pronunciation: (ˈʌɪalwahawa); born 29 April 1954), best known simply by her professional name Debora Iyall /ˈaɪ.ɑːl/, a Cowlitz Native American, is an artist and was lead singer for the new wave band Romeo Void.	Debora Iyall	29 April 1954
date of birth	David Gamper is an American composer (born in Findlay, Ohio, in 1945, died September 27, 2011) He has been a member of Pauline Oliveros's Deep Listening Band and the duo See Hear Now.	David Gamper	1945
date of birth	Henry Hacking (1750--1831), seaman and explorer, was an early settler in New South Wales, Australia.	Henry Hacking	1750
date of birth	Anosh Irani (born 1974) is an Indian-Canadian novelist and playwright.	Anosh Irani	1974
date of birth	Karl-Martin Rammo (born 6 June 1989) is an Estonian sailor, born in Tallinn.	Karl-Martin Rammo	6 June 1989
date of birth	Karol Szwedowski (1889-1941) entitled to Korwin coat of arms was a Polish builder, contracted to work at Westerplatte.	Karol Szwedowski	1889
date of birth	Priyanka Bhanushali (born 7 January 1993) is an Indian singer and songwriter, who performs under the stage name Priyanka Pripri.	Priyanka Pripri	7 January 1993
date of birth	Manuel Gutiérrez (born 8 April 1920) was a Mexican football leaguedefender.	Manuel Gutiérrez	8 April 1920
date of birth	Hedi Turki (born 15 May 1922) is a Tunisian artist of Turkish origin.	Hedi Turki	15 May 1922
date of birth	Michael Findlay (1938--1977), along with his wife Roberta Findlay, directed and produced numerous sexploitation movies.	Michael Findlay	1938
date of birth	Jane Ridley (born 15 May 1953) is an English historian, biographer, author and broadcaster, and Professor of Modern History at the University of Buckingham.	Jane Ridley	15 May 1953
date of birth	Louis-Ovide Brunet (10 March 1826 -- 2 October 1876) was a French-Canadian botanist and Roman Catholic priest, and is considered one of the founding fathers of Canadian botany.	Louis-Ovide Brunet	10 March 1826
date of birth	Kim Conley (born 14 March 1986 in Slough, United Kingdom) is an American track and field athlete, who competes in middle and long distance track events.	Kim Conley	14 March 1986
date of birth	Paloor Madhavan Namboothiri (Malayalam: പാലൂർ മാധവന് നമ്പൂതിരി; born 22 June 1932), commonly known as M. N. Paloor (Malayalam: എം.എൻ. പാലൂർ), is a Malayalam-language poet from Kerala, India.	M. N. Paloor	22 June 1932
date of birth	Andrew Golota (born Andrzej Gołota; 5 January 1968) is a Polish former professional boxer.	Andrew Golota	5 January 1968
date of birth	Dick Wallen (born c. 1936) is a former American football player who was a consensus All-American at the end position in 1957 while playing for UCLA.	Dick Wallen	1936
date of birth	Pete Vuckovic (born 1971, Devon, England) is a British singer-songwriter of Serbian descent.	Pete Vuckovic	1971
date of birth	Bruce Montague (born 24 March 1939) is a British actor, best known for his role as Leonard Dunn in the television sitcom Butterflies he has also acted in over 300 television productions.	Bruce Montague	24 March 1939
date of birth	Kevin Shea (born 1973 in the Twin Cities metropolitan area, Minnesota) is a jazz drummer.	Kevin Shea	1973
date of birth	Yu Linxiang (Chinese: 喻林祥; pinyin: Yù Línxiáng; born January 1945) is a retired general (shang jiang) who served as political commissar of the People's Armed Police of China.	Yu Linxiang	1945
date of birth	Minkhaung Nawrahta (Burmese: မင်းခေါင် နော်ရထာ (mɪ́ɴɡàʊɴ nɔ̀jətʰà); c. 1714 -- 5 December 1760) was a general of the Royal Burmese Army of the Konbaung Dynasty during the reign of King Alaungpaya.	Minkhaung Nawrahta	1714
date of birth	Inna Zubkovskaya (29 November 1923 -- 5 February 2001) was a Russian ballerina.	Inna Zubkovskaya	29 November 1923
date of birth	Slobodan Vučeković (Cyrillic: Слободан Вучековић, born 15 December 1953) is a Montenegrin football manager and former player.	Slobodan Vučeković	15 December 1953
date of birth	Chris Emmett (born 13 December 1938, in Nuneaton, Warwickshire) is a British actor and comedian best known for his work in the late 1970s on the BBC Radio 4 comedy The Burkiss Way.	Chris Emmett	13 December 1938
date of birth	Andrzej Szczytko (born 9 October 1955) is a Polish stage director and actor.	Andrzej Szczytko	9 October 1955
date of birth	Kamala Das Gupta (born 11 March 1907) was an Indian freedom fighter.	Kamala Das Gupta	11 March 1907
date of birth	Dennis Retera (born 11 July 1986 in Best, Noord Brabant) is a Dutch racing driver currently competing in the International GT Open.	Dennis Retera	11 July 1986
date of birth	Rosephanye Powell, pronounced ro-SEH-fuh-nee, (b. 1962) is an American choral composer, singer, professor, and researcher.	Rosephanye Powell	1962
date of birth	Samuel Pegge the elder (5 November 1704 -- 14 February 1796) was an antiquary.	Samuel Pegge	5 November 1704
date of birth	Salim Sdiri (born 26 October 1978) is a French long jumper of Tunisian descent.	Salim Sdiri	26 October 1978
date of birth	Luz Méndez de la Vega (2 September 1919 -- 8 March 2012) was a Guatemalan feminist writer, journalist, poet, academic and actress.	Luz Méndez de la Vega	2 September 1919
date of birth	Wilko Johnson (born John Peter Wilkinson, 12 July 1947) is an English singer, guitarist, songwriter and actor, particularly associated with the rhythm and blues band Dr. Feelgood in the 1970s.	Wilko Johnson	12 July 1947
date of birth	Terence Francis MacCarthy (born 21 January 1957), formerly self-styled Tadhg V, The MacCarthy Mór, Prince of Desmond and Lord of Kerslawny, is a genealogist, historian, and writer.	Terence Francis MacCarthy	21 January 1957
developer	Alien Swarm is a freeware multiplayer top-down shooter video game by Valve Corporation.	Alien Swarm	Valve Corporation
director	Tales from the Dead is a 2007 horror film, written and directed by Jason Cuadrado.	Tales from the Dead	Jason Cuadrado
director	Much Ado About Nixi (German:Viel Lärm um Nixi) is a 1942 German comedy film directed by Erich Engel and starring Jenny Jugo, Albert Matterstock and Hans Leibelt.	Much Ado About Nixi	Erich Engel
director	Twilight of the Ice Nymphs (1997) is a fantasy romance film; the fourth feature directed by Guy Maddin.	Twilight of the Ice Nymphs	Guy Maddin
director	Shriek of the Mutilated is a 1974 American horror film directed by Michael Findlay, also known as Mutilated and Scream of the Snowbeast.	Shriek of the Mutilated	Michael Findlay
director	Her Reputation is a 1931 British comedy film directed by Sidney Morgan and starring Iris Hoey, Frank Cellier, Lillian Hall-Davis and Malcolm Tearle.	Her Reputation	Sidney Morgan
director	Skull Heads is a 2009 drama/horror film written, produced and directed by Charles Band and distributed by his company Full Moon Features.	Skull Heads	Charles Band
director	Jimmy and Sally is a 1933 American comedy film directed by James Tinling and written by William M. Conselman, Marguerite Roberts and Paul Schofield.	Jimmy and Sally	James Tinling
director	Maradona - La mano de Dios, internationally released as Maradona, the Hand of God, is a 2007 Italian-Argentine biographical film directed by Marco Risi.	Maradona, the Hand of God	Marco Risi
director	Night Rhythms is a 1992 direct-to-video film starring Martin Hewitt and David Carradine and directed by Gregory Dark.	Night Rhythms	Gregory Dark
director	Sabari the sharp knife is a Kollywood film directed by A. R. Suresh.	Sabari	Suresh
director	His Wife's Friend is a 1919 American silent mystery film directed by Joe De Grasse and written by John Burland Harris-Burland and R. Cecil Smith.	His Wife's Friend	Joe De Grasse
director	The Storage (Finnish: Varasto) is a 2011 Finnish comedy film directed by Taru Mäkelä.	The Storage	Taru Mäkelä
director	Street Bandits is a 1951 American crime film directed by R. G. Springsteen and written by Milton Raison.	Street Bandits	R. G. Springsteen
director	Ghatotkachudu is a 1995 Telugu comedy film produced by K. Atchi Reddy on Manisha Films banner, directed by S. V. Krishna Reddy.	Ghatotkachudu	S. V. Krishna Reddy
director	Appointment with a Shadow is a 1957 film noir directed by Richard Carlson.	Appointment with a Shadow	Richard Carlson
director	The Choppers is a 1961 American hot rod film directed by Leigh Jason.	The Choppers	Leigh Jason
director	Ek Ruka Hua Faisla (Hindi: एक रुका हुआ फैसला, ('A Pending Decision ')) is a 1986 Hindi film, directed by Basu Chatterjee.	Ek Ruka Hua Faisla	Basu Chatterjee
director	Donna... cosa si fa per te (Woman ... what do you do for you), is a 1976 Italian comedy film directed by Giuliano Biagetti.	Donna... cosa si fa per te	Giuliano Biagetti
director	Beverly Hills Cop III is a 1994 American action-comedy film starring Eddie Murphy and directed by John Landis, who had previously worked with Murphy on Trading Places and Coming to America.	Beverly Hills Cop III	John Landis
director	Interestingly, though Columbia short subject head/director Jules White was known for the usage of excessive violence in his films, A Snitch in Time was directed by Edward Bernds, who always maintained that the violence was not to be excessive in the films he directed.	A Snitch in Time	Edward Bernds
director	Ulsavapittennu is a 1988 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Bharath Gopi and produced by Babu.	Ulsavapittennu	Bharath Gopi
director	The Fall of Italy (Croatian: Pad Italije), is a 1981 Yugoslav war film directed by Lordan Zafranović.	The Fall of Italy	Lordan Zafranović
director	The Lady of Red Butte is a 1919 American Western film written by C. Gardner Sullivan and directed by Victor Schertzinger.	The Lady of Red Butte	Victor Schertzinger
director	Mr. Superinvisible (Italian: L'inafferrabile invincibile Mr. Invisibile, also known as Mr. Invisible and The Unseizable Invincible Mr. Invisible) is a 1970 Italian fantasy-comedy film directed by Antonio Margheriti.	Mr. Superinvisible	Antonio Margheriti
director	A Hobo's Christmas is a 1987 American film made for TV and directed by Will Mackenzie and produced by Joe Byrne and Paul Freeman.	A Hobo's Christmas	Will Mackenzie
director	Tananam Tananam (Kannada: ತನನಂ ತನನಂ) is a 2006 Indian Kannada romantic musical drama film directed and written by Kavitha Lankesh.	Tananam Tananam	Kavitha Lankesh
director	The Shadow of Hate is a 1995 American short documentary film directed by Charles Guggenheim about racism.	The Shadow of Hate	Charles Guggenheim
director	Dunces and Dangers is a 1918 American film directed by Larry Semon.	Dunces and Dangers	Larry Semon
director	Searchlight on Japan is an Australian documentary directed by Ken G. Hall about the Allied occupation of Japan after World War II. The film was sold to American television.	Searchlight on Japan	Ken G. Hall
director	Murder by Proxy, released in the United States as Blackout, is a 1954 British crime drama film directed by Terence Fisher.	Murder by Proxy	Terence Fisher
director	Heavy Metal Parking Lot is a documentary short produced by Jeff Krulik and John Heyn in 1986.	Heavy Metal Parking Lot	Jeff Krulik
director	Duty is Duty (German:Dienst ist Dienst) is a 1931 German film directed by Carl Boese and starring Fritz Spira, Ralph Arthur Roberts and Maly Delschaft.	Duty is Duty	Carl Boese
director	Achani (Malayalam: അച്ചാണി, English: The Axle) is a 1973 Indian Malayalam film, directed by A. Vincent and produced by K. Ravindran Nair.	Achani	A. Vincent
director	The Lonely Lady is a 1983 American film, which was directed by Peter Sasdy and adapted for the screen by Ellen Shepard, who worked from the novel written by Harold Robbins.	The Lonely Lady	Peter Sasdy
director	Modern Marriage is a 1923 silent film crime-drama mystery directed by Lawrence C. Windom and Victor Heerman.	Modern Marriage	Victor Heerman
director	Five Dances is a 2013 film written and directed by Alan Brown.	Five Dances	Alan Brown
director	Track 29 is a 1988 film directed by Nicolas Roeg.	Track 29	Nicolas Roeg
director	Grand Exit is a 1935 American detective mystery film with comedy elements, directed for RKO Radio Pictures by Erle C. Kenton, with screenplay by Bruce Manning and Lionel Houser, based on a story by Gene Towne and Graham Baker.	Grand Exit	Erle C. Kenton
director	Cherry Tree Lane is a 2010 British urban dramatic real-time horror-thriller film, written and directed by Paul Andrew Williams.	Cherry Tree Lane	Paul Andrew Williams
director	Mahler on the Couch (German: Mahler auf der Couch) is a 2010 German film directed by Percy Adlon and Felix Adlon.	Mahler on the Couch	Percy Adlon
director	Your Mother Wears Combat Boots is a 1989 American made-for-television comedy film starring Barbara Eden, Héctor Elizondo, Meagen Fay, David Kaufman and directed by Anson Williams.	Your Mother Wears Combat Boots	Anson Williams
director	Kasoor (meaning 'Guilt/Fault') is a 2001 Bollywood suspense thriller film produced under Mukesh Bhatt's Vishesh Entertainment Ltd. and directed by Vikram Bhatt.	Kasoor	Vikram Bhatt
director	E. L. Woody was the executive producer and creator of Celebrities Uncensored.	Celebrities Uncensored	E. L. Woody
director	Children of the Pyre (Ta paidia tis pyras) is a 2008 film documentary directed and produced by Rajesh S. Jala.	Children of the Pyre	Rajesh S. Jala
director	Last Stop 174 (Portuguese: Última Parada 174) is a 2008 Brazilian film directed by Bruno Barreto, written by Braulio Mantovani, produced by Moonshot Pictures and starring Michel Gomes and Marcello Melo, Jr..	Last Stop 174	Bruno Barreto
director	Garjane (Kannada: ಘರ್ಜನೆ) is a Kannada film is directed by C. V. Rajendran .	Garjane	C. V. Rajendran
director	The Way of All Men is a 1930 American Pre-Code drama film produced and released by First National Pictures, a subsidiary of Warner Bros., and directed by Frank Lloyd.	The Way of All Men	Frank Lloyd
director	Chryzinium is a 2014 American science fiction short film drama, written, directed and produced by Rick Lord, in which John Gussman and his daughter Madison have a choice to make.	Chryzinium	Rick Lord
director	Three Bewildered People in the Night is a 1987 American drama film directed by Gregg Araki.	Three Bewildered People in the Night	Gregg Araki
director	A Race of Noblemen (Spanish:Raza de hidalgos) is a 1927 Spanish silent film directed by and starring Tony D'Algy.	A Race of Noblemen	Tony D'Algy
director	The Gleiwitz Case (German: Der Fall Gleiwitz) is an East German war film directed by Gerhard Klein.	The Gleiwitz Case	Gerhard Klein
director	Lady Bodyguard is a 1943 American comedy film directed by William Clemens.	Lady Bodyguard	William Clemens
director	Charles Dickens's England is a feature documentary written and produced by David Nicholas Wilkinson, directed by Julian Richards and presented by Derek Jacobi.	Charles Dickens's England	Julian Richards
director	The River Woman is a 1928 drama film directed by Joseph Henabery that is part-silent/part-sound.	The River Woman	Joseph Henabery
director	Walerjan Wrobel's Homesickness (German: Das Heimweh des Walerjan Wróbel) is a 1991 German drama film directed by Rolf Schübel.	Walerjan Wrobel's Homesickness	Rolf Schübel
director	Allow Me, Daddy! (Italian: Mi permette, babbo!) is a 1956 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Bonnard.	Allow Me, Daddy!	Mario Bonnard
director	The Supplement (Polish: Suplement) is a 2002 Polish drama film directed by Krzysztof Zanussi.	The Supplement	Krzysztof Zanussi
director	Alicinte Anveshanam is an Indian Malayalam film written and directed by T. V. Chandran.	Alicinte Anveshanam	T. V. Chandran
director	My Country, My Country is a 2006 documentary film about Iraq under U.S. occupation by the filmmaker Laura Poitras.	My Country, My Country	Laura Poitras
director	Evil Town is a 1987 American zombie horror film directed by Edward Collins, Mardi Rustam, Larry Spiegel, and Peter S. Traynor.	Evil Town	Mardi Rustam
director	48 heures par jour (48 hours a day) is a 2008 French comedy film directed by Catherine Castel.	48 heures par jour	Catherine Castel
director	Satyakam is a 1969 Indian Hindi film directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee, based on a Bengali novel of the same name by Narayan Sanyal.	Satyakam	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
director	Boss of Bosses is a 2001 American made-for-TV movie about the life of former Gambino Family boss Paul Castellano directed by Dwight H. Little.	Boss of Bosses	Dwight H. Little
director	The Balloon Goes Up is a 1942 British, black-and-white, comedy, musical war film, directed by Redd Davis and starring Ronald Shiner, Ethel Revnell, Gracie West, Donald Peers and Elsie Wagstaff.	The Balloon Goes Up	Redd Davis
director	For Ellen is a 2012 American drama film written, produced and directed by So Yong Kim.	For Ellen	So Yong Kim
director	The Wearing of the Grin is a Looney Tunes (reissued as Blue Ribbon Merrie Melodies in 1960) cartoon directed by Chuck Jones and written by Michael Maltese.	The Wearing of the Grin	Chuck Jones
director	The Brat is a 1931 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by John Ford.	The Brat	John Ford
director	J. Edgar is a 2011 American biographical drama film directed, co-produced, and scored by Clint Eastwood.	J. Edgar	Clint Eastwood
director	Darsanam is a 1973 Indian Malayalam film, directed by P. N. Menon and produced by PC George.	Darsanam	P. N. Menon
director	Hyde Park on Hudson is a 2012 British biographical historical comedy-drama film directed by Roger Michell.	Hyde Park on Hudson	Roger Michell
director	Take a Hard Ride is a 1975 DeLuxe Color Italian-American Western film directed by Antonio Margheriti.	Take a Hard Ride	Antonio Margheriti
director	Buckaroo Sheriff of Texas is a 1951 American western film directed by Philip Ford and starring Michael Chapin, Eilene Janssen and James Bell.	Buckaroo Sheriff of Texas	Philip Ford
director	Always Kabhi Kabhi (meaning 'Always Sometimes') is a 2011 Hindi romance film directed by Roshan Abbas, and produced by Shahrukh Khan under Red Chillies Entertainment.	Always Kabhi Kabhi	Roshan Abbas
director	The Night of the Shooting Stars (UK: The Night of San Lorenzo, Italian: La Notte di San Lorenzo) is a 1982 Italian fantasy war drama film directed by Paolo Taviani and Vittorio Taviani.	The Night of the Shooting Stars	Paolo Taviani	Vittorio Taviani
director	Don't Cry, It's Only Thunder (also known in Australia as Vietnam: Hell or Glory) is a 1981 film directed by Peter Werner and written by Paul G. Hensler, set in the Vietnam War.	Don't Cry, It's Only Thunder	Peter Werner
director	1,000 Dollars a Minute is a 1935 American comedy film directed by Aubrey Scotto.	1,000 Dollars a Minute	Aubrey Scotto
director	Oru Indian Pranayakadha (English: An Indian Love Story) is a 2013 Malayalam romantic comedy film written by Ikbal Kuttipuram and directed by Sathyan Anthikad.	Oru Indian Pranayakadha	Sathyan Anthikad
director	Nambinar Keduvathillai (Tamil: நம்பினார் கெடுவதில்லை) is a 1986 Indian Tamil film, directed by K. Shankar and produced by Kamakshi Shankar.	Nambinar Keduvathillai	K. Shankar
director	Palunkupaathram is a 1970 Indian Malayalam film, directed by M. Krishnan Nair and produced by AL Sreenivasan.	Palunkupaathram	M. Krishnan Nair
director	People Who Are Well (Italian: La gente che sta bene) is a 2014 Italian comedy-drama film written and directed by Francesco Patierno.	People Who Are Well	Francesco Patierno
director	The Pink Phink is a 1964 animated short comedy film, directed by Friz Freleng and Hawley Pratt.	The Pink Phink	Friz Freleng
director	The Shetland Experience is a 1977 British short documentary film directed by Derek Williams, about environmental measures taken by the oil industry at the Sullom Voe Terminal in the Shetlands.	The Shetland Experience	Derek Williams
director	Linnaisten vihreä kamari is a Finnish film from 1945 directed by Valentin Vaala.	Linnaisten vihreä kamari	Valentin Vaala
director	2000 Weeks (aka. Two Thousand Weeks) is a 1969 Australian drama film directed by Tim Burstall.	2000 Weeks	Tim Burstall
director	An Elastic Affair (1930) is a 10-minute short comedy film directed by Alfred Hitchcock which features the two winners--	An Elastic Affair	Alfred Hitchcock
director	The Freediver is a 2004 British drama film written and directed by Alki David.	The Freediver	Alki David
director	Hell Ship Mutiny is a 1957 American South Seas film directed by Lee Sholem and Elmo Williams starring Jon Hall who also produced and narrated the film.	Hell Ship Mutiny	Lee Sholem	Elmo Williams
director	Vildledt Elskov is a 1911 Danish silent film directed by August Blom under the Nordisk Films banner.	Vildledt Elskov	August Blom
director	Savkari Pash (The Indian Shylock) is Indian cinema's 1925 social melodrama silent film directed by Baburao Painter.	Savkari Pash	Baburao Painter
director	Success Is the Best Revenge (French: Le succès à tout prix) is a 1984 French-British drama film directed by Jerzy Skolimowski.	Success Is the Best Revenge	Jerzy Skolimowski
director	Vacuuming Completely Nude in Paradise, is one of two TV films directed by Danny Boyle in 2001; the other was Strumpet.	Vacuuming Completely Nude in Paradise	Danny Boyle
director	El diputado is a 1978 Spanish drama film co-written and directed by Eloy de la Iglesia.	El diputado	Eloy de la Iglesia
director	Saraswati Sabatham (English: Saraswati's Challenge) is a 1966 Indian Tamil mythological film written and directed by A. P. Nagarajan.	Saraswati Sabatham	A. P. Nagarajan
director	Moomins on the Riviera is a 2014 Finnish-French animated family comedy film directed by Xavier Picard and produced by Hanna Hemilä, who is also co-director.	Moomins on the Riviera	Xavier Picard
director	Main Chup Rahungi (English: I Shall Remain Silent) is a 1962 Indian Bollywood film directed by A. Bhimsingh and produced by A.V. Meiyappan.	Main Chup Rahungi	A. Bhimsingh
director	Inga Enna Solluthu (English: What does it say here?) is a 2014 Indian Tamil comedy film directed by Vincent Selva, and produced and written by VTV Ganesh who also plays the lead role, with Meera Jasmine and Santhanam in supporting roles.	Inga Enna Solluthu	Vincent Selva
director	Chenkol (English: The Sceptre) is a 1993 Malayalam drama film directed by Sibi Malayil and written by A. K. Lohithadas.	Chenkol	Sibi Malayil
director	The Story of a Story is a 1915 American short fantasy film directed by Tod Browning.	The Story of a Story	Tod Browning
director	Jaisurya is a South Indian Tamil film released in 2004 directed by Manoj Kumar.	Jaisurya	Manoj Kumar
director	Slap the Monster on Page One (Italian: Sbatti il mostro in prima pagina) is a 1972 Italian drama film directed by Marco Bellocchio.	Slap the Monster on Page One	Marco Bellocchio
director	Length of War (Spanish: Longitud de guerra) is a 1976 Mexican drama film directed by Gonzalo Martínez Ortega.	Length of War	Gonzalo Martínez Ortega
director	Rattle and Hum is the sixth studio album by rock band U2, and a companion rockumentary film directed by Phil Joanou, both released in 1988.	Rattle and Hum	Phil Joanou
director	Manithan Maravillai (English: The Man has not changed) is 1962 Tamil drama film written, co-produced and directed by Aluri Chakrapani and produced by B. Nagireddy under Vijaya Productions.	Manithan Maravillai	Aluri Chakrapani
director	Kelly + Victor is a 2012 British romantic drama film written and directed by Kieran Evans from Niall Griffiths' novel of the same name.	Kelly + Victor	Kieran Evans
director	His Lordship Goes to Press is a 1939 British comedy film directed by Maclean Rogers and starring June Clyde, Hugh Williams, Louise Hampton and Leslie Perrins.	His Lordship Goes to Press	Maclean Rogers
director	Closet Land is a 1991 independent film written and directed by Radha Bharadwaj.	Closet Land	Radha Bharadwaj
director	Miss Chauffeur (German:Fräulein Chauffeur) is a 1928 German comedy film directed by Jaap Speyer and starring Mady Christians, Johannes Riemann and Lotte Lorring.	Miss Chauffeur	Jaap Speyer
director	Terribly Happy (Danish: Frygtelig lykkelig) is a 2008 Danish film directed by Henrik Ruben Genz, based on Erling Jepsen's novel of the same name from 2004.	Terribly Happy	Henrik Ruben Genz
director	The Blue Mountains Mystery is a lost 1921 Australian silent film directed by Raymond Longford and co-directed by Lottie Lyell.	The Blue Mountains Mystery	Raymond Longford	Lottie Lyell
director	Terror in the Crypt (Italian: La cripta e l’incubo) is a 1964 Italian-Spanish horror film directed by Camillo Mastrocinque.	Terror in the Crypt	Camillo Mastrocinque
director	Frauenmoral (English: Women's Morals, Dutch: Het recht tot trouwen) is a 1923 German-Dutch silent film directed by Theo Frenkel.	Frauenmoral	Theo Frenkel
director	The Actress, the Dollars and the Transylvanians (Artista, dolarii şi ardelenii in Romanian) is a 1979 Romanian film directed by Mircea Veroiu and scripted by Titus Popovici.	The Actress, the Dollars and the Transylvanians	Mircea Veroiu
director	Buppah Rahtree (Thai: บุปผาราตรี also Rahtree: Flower of the Night and Buppah Rahtree: Scent of the Night Flower) is a 2003 Thai comedy-horror film written and directed by Yuthlert Sippapak.	Buppah Rahtree	Yuthlert Sippapak
director	The Flame Barrier is a 1958 American science fiction film directed by Paul Landres and written by Pat Fielder and George Worthing Yates.	The Flame Barrier	Paul Landres
director	Red to Kill (Chinese: 弱殺; pinyin: ruò shā) is a 1994 category III Hong Kong film directed by Billy Tang Hin-Shing.	Red to Kill	Billy Tang
director	A Warm December is a 1973 romance film directed by Sidney Poitier and starring him in the lead role as Dr. Matt Younger.	A Warm December	Sidney Poitier
director	I Like Killing Flies is a 2004 documentary film produced, directed, filmed, and edited by Matt Mahurin.	I Like Killing Flies	Matt Mahurin
director	The Mad Racer was a 1926 short comedy silent film directed by Philadelphian director, Benjamin Stoloff.	The Mad Racer	Benjamin Stoloff
director	Children of Rage is an 1975 film written and directed by Arthur Allan Seidelman), filmed mostly in Malta.	Children of Rage	Arthur Allan Seidelman
director	Constance aux enfers (US title: Web of Fear) is a 1963 French language motion picture crime thriller directed by François Villiers.	Constance aux enfers	François Villiers
director	Scattergood Pulls the Strings is a 1941 American comedy film directed by Christy Cabanne and written by Christy Cabanne and Bernard Schubert.	Scattergood Pulls the Strings	Christy Cabanne
director	Lowell Sherman, the original director, had fallen ill while working on Night Life of the Gods before starting Becky Sharp, but had continued to work on the project; he finally died of double pneumonia four weeks into production on Sharp.	Becky Sharp	Lowell Sherman
director	Bikinisesongen (Norwegian: The bikini season) is a 1994 Norwegian comedy film directed by Runar Jarle Wiik, starring Thor-Ivar Forsland and Eduardo Verdu.	Bikinisesongen	Runar Jarle Wiik
director	Stars at Noon (French: Les Étoiles de midi) is a 1959 French mountaineering film directed by Jacques Ertaud and Marcel Ichac.	Stars at Noon	Jacques Ertaud	Marcel Ichac
director	Wings Over Africa is a 1936 British adventure film directed by Ladislao Vajda and starring Joan Gardner, Ian Colin, James Harcourt and James Carew.	Wings Over Africa	Ladislao Vajda
director	How Far Away, How Near (Polish: Jak daleko stąd, jak blisko) is a 1972 film directed by Tadeusz Konwicki.	How Far Away, How Near	Tadeusz Konwicki
director	The Benchwarmers is a 2006 American sports-comedy film directed by Dennis Dugan.	The Benchwarmers	Dennis Dugan
director	Rythmetic is a 1956 Canadian short animated film directed by Norman McLaren and Evelyn Lambart.	Rythmetic	Norman McLaren	Evelyn Lambart
director	Black Shampoo, later released as Sex at the Salon, is an American 1976 blaxploitation drama film directed by Greydon Clark and starring John Daniels.	Black Shampoo	Greydon Clark
director	All in This Tea is a 2007 documentary film co-directed by Les Blank and Gina Leibrecht, about Chinese tea.	All in This Tea	Les Blank
director	Belle Épine is a 2010 French drama film and the directorial debut of Rebecca Zlotowski.	Belle Épine	Rebecca Zlotowski
director	The Magnificent Adventurer (Italian: Il magnifico avventuriero, French: L'aigle de Florence, Spanish: El magnífico aventurero, also known as The Burning of Rome) is a 1963 Italian-French-Spanish adventure film directed by Riccardo Freda.	The Magnificent Adventurer	Riccardo Freda
director	The Trip to Italy is a 2014 British comedy-drama film, written and directed by Michael Winterbottom.	The Trip to Italy	Michael Winterbottom
director	Birugaali (Kannada: ಬಿರುಗಾಳಿ) is a 2009 Indian Kannada language action film written and directed by Harsha making his second directorial after Geleya.	Birugaali	Harsha
director	De stille genieter (English title: The Silent Hedonist) is a Belgian comedy film directed, produced, co-written and edited by Edith Kiel.	The Silent Hedonist	Edith Kiel
director	Always Further On (Spanish: Tarahumara (Cada vez más lejos)) is a 1965 Mexican drama film directed by Luis Alcoriza.	Always Further On	Luis Alcoriza
director	Colors Straight Up is a 1997 American documentary film directed by Michèle Ohayon about the non-profit organization Colors United, which teaches drama to inner city youth.	Colors Straight Up	Michèle Ohayon
director	Father of Four in the City (Danish: Far til fire i byen) is a 1956 Danish family film directed by Alice O'Fredericks.	Father of Four in the City	Alice O'Fredericks
director	The Ghost Patrol is a 1923 silent film drama directed by Nat Ross from a short story by Sinclair Lewis, produced and distributed by Universal Pictures.	The Ghost Patrol	Nat Ross
director	Quick Pick is a 2006 comedy film directed by Will Vazquez.	Quick Pick	Will Vazquez
director	Pelikán má alibi is a 1940 Czechoslovak criminal comedy film, directed by Miroslav Cikán.	Pelikán má alibi	Miroslav Cikán
director	Cohen vs. Rosi is a 1998 Argentine romantic comedy film directed by Daniel Barone and written by Jacobo Langsner.	Cohen vs. Rosi	Daniel Barone
director	Le Monsieur, le Vampire et Renée Marcelle (``The Gentleman, the Vampire and Renée Marcelle'') is a 2009 short animated film produced by Gothique Studios and directed by Oscar Alvarado and Marta Vaquera.	Le Monsieur, le Vampire et Renée Marcelle	Oscar Alvarado
director	La ciutat cremada (The Burnt City; Spanish title: La ciudad quemada) is a 1976 Spanish historical film directed by Antoni Ribas.	La ciutat cremada	Antoni Ribas
director	Little Orvie is a 1940 American comedy film directed by Ray McCarey and written by Lynn Root, Frank Fenton and Robert Chapin.	Little Orvie	Ray McCarey
director	The Elusive Summer of '68 (Serbian: Варљиво лето '68) is a 1984 Yugoslav film directed by Goran Paskaljević.	The Elusive Summer of '68	Goran Paskaljević
director	In Satmar Custody (2003) is an independent propagande documentary film, written and directed by Nitzan Gilady.	In Satmar Custody	Nitzan Gilady
director	Marumagan (English: Son-in-law) is a 1995 Tamil drama film directed by Manivasagam.	Marumagan	Manivasagam
director	Coal Face is a 1935 British documentary film short directed by Alberto Cavalcanti.	Coal Face	Alberto Cavalcanti
director	Mirapakay (English: Chilli) is a blockbuster 2011 Telugu-language action comedy film, directed by Harish Shankar.	Mirapakay	Harish Shankar
director	One or the Other of Us (German: Einer von uns beiden) is a 1974 West German film directed by Wolfgang Petersen.	One or the Other of Us	Wolfgang Petersen
director	Sins of the Fleshapoids is a 1965 underground film directed by Mike Kuchar.	Sins of the Fleshapoids	Mike Kuchar
director	Dil Mera Dhadkan Teri is 2013 Pakistani romantic drama telefilm directed by Mehreen Jabbar.	Dil Mera Dhadkan Teri	Mehreen Jabbar
director	Bhai Bhai (Odia: ଭାଇ ଭାଇ) is a 1956 Ollywood / Oriya film directed by Nitai Palit.	Bhai Bhai	Nitai Palit
director	Bomb It is an international graffiti and street art documentary directed by award-winning director Jon Reiss and premiered at the 2007 Tribeca Film Festival.	Bomb It	Jon Reiss
director	Journey to the South Pacific is a 2013 IMAX Documentary film directed by Greg MacGillivray.	Journey to the South Pacific	Greg MacGillivray
director	Living Buddhas (German:Lebende Buddhas) is a 1925 German silent film directed by Paul Wegener and starring Wegener, Asta Nielsen and Käthe Haack.	Living Buddhas	Paul Wegener
director	The Diaries of Vaslav Nijinsky is a 2001 Australian film written, shot, directed and edited by Paul Cox about Vaslav Nijinsky, based on the premier danseur's published diaries.	The Diaries of Vaslav Nijinsky	Paul Cox
director	The Great Meadow is a 1931 sound film adventure produced and distributed by MGM with direction by Charles Brabin.	The Great Meadow	Charles Brabin
director	Captain Voyeur (1969) was the first short film by director John Carpenter while a student at USC Cinema.	Captain Voyeur	John Carpenter
director	Hoosiers is a 1986 sports film written by Angelo Pizzo and directed by David Anspaugh.	Hoosiers	David Anspaugh
director	A Big Family (Russian: Большая семья, translit. Bolshaya semya) is a 1954 Soviet drama film directed by Iosif Kheifits.	A Big Family	Iosif Kheifits
director	If Someone Had Known is a 1995 American television drama film based on a true story, directed by Eric Laneuville.	If Someone Had Known	Eric Laneuville
director	The Barons (French: Les Barons) is a 2009 Belgian comedy film directed by Nabil Ben Yadir.	The Barons	Nabil Ben Yadir
director	Ek Bar Bolo Uttam Kumar (Bengali: একবার বলো উত্তম কুমার) is a 2009 comedy Bengali film directed by Chinmoy Roy.	Ek Bar Bolo Uttam Kumar	Chinmoy Roy
director	Mama, I'm Alive (German: Mama, ich lebe) is a 1977 East German film directed by Konrad Wolf.	Mama, I'm Alive	Konrad Wolf
director	Buddha Mar Gaya is a 2007 Bollywood comedy film by Rahul Rawail.	Buddha Mar Gaya	Rahul Rawail
director	Cheech & Chong's Next Movie is the second feature-length film by Cheech & Chong, released in 1980 by Universal Studios, and directed by Tommy Chong.	Cheech & Chong's Next Movie	Tommy Chong
director	Neapolitan Mystery (Italian: Giallo napoletano) is a 1979 Italian mystery film directed by Sergio Corbucci.	Neapolitan Mystery	Sergio Corbucci
director	Tick Tock Lullaby is a British film of 2007 written and directed by Lisa Gornick.	Tick Tock Lullaby	Lisa Gornick
director	Ti presento un amico is a 2010 Italian film directed by Carlo Vanzina.	Ti presento un amico	Carlo Vanzina
director	Lego Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Brick (2008) is a 3-D computer-animated Lego movie directed by Peder Pedersen.	Lego Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Brick	Peder Pedersen
director	Thunveni Yamaya (English: Third Part of the Night) is a 1983 black-and-white, Sri Lankan film directed by Dharmasiri Bandaranayake.	Thunveni Yamaya	Dharmasiri Bandaranayake
director	Go Get 'Em Hutch is a 1922 American drama film serial directed by George B. Seitz.	Go Get 'Em Hutch	George B. Seitz
director	A Tanítónő is a 1945 Hungarian drama film directed by Márton Keleti.	A Tanítónő	Márton Keleti
director	Greenkeeping is a 1992 Australian film directed by David Caesar.	Greenkeeping	David Caesar
director	Hanuman Patal Vijay (Hindi: हनुमान पाताल विजय, ``Hanuman's Victory Over Hell'') is a 1951 Hindi mythological film directed by Homi Wadia for his Basant Pictures banner.	Hanuman Patal Vijay	Homi Wadia
director	Sthalathe Pradhana Payyans is 1993 Malayalam political film by Shaji Kailas.	Sthalathe Pradhana Payyans	Shaji Kailas
director	Everything but the Truth is a 1956 film comedy directed by Jerry Hopper.	Everything but the Truth	Jerry Hopper
director	Money and the Woman is a 1940 American drama film directed by William K. Howard and written by Robert Presnell Sr..	Money and the Woman	William K. Howard
director	Chirutha (English: Leopard) is a 2007 Indian Telugu action film directed by Puri Jagannadh.	Chirutha	Puri Jagannadh
director	The Haunted Strangler (also known as Grip of the Strangler and originally titled The Judas Hole) is a 1958 British horror film directed by Robert Day.	The Haunted Strangler	Robert Day
director	Hunter's Prayer, is an upcoming American action thriller film directed by Jonathan Mostow, based on the 2004 novel For the Dogs by Kevin Wignall.	Hunter's Prayer	Jonathan Mostow
director	Half Way to Heaven is a 1929 American Pre-Code drama film directed by George Abbott and written by Abbott, Henry Leyford Gates and Gerald Geraghty.	Half Way to Heaven	George Abbott
director	Dead Men Don't Count (Spanish: ¿Quién grita venganza?, Italian: I morti non si contano, also known as Cry for Revenge) is a 1968 Spanish-Italian Spaghetti Western film written and directed by Rafael Romero Marchent.	Dead Men Don't Count	Rafael Romero Marchent
director	Big Fat Gypsy Gangster is a straight-to-DVD British comedy film directed, produced, written by and starring Ricky Grover.	Big Fat Gypsy Gangster	Ricky Grover
director	Veseto and the black and white happiness is a 2009 short film produced by Annie Apostolova and directed by Ivaylo Brusovski.	Veseto and the black and white happiness	Ivaylo Brusovski
director	Riverburn is a 2004 short film directed by Jennifer Calvert, that won her Best Young Canadian Director of a Short Film at the 2004 Vancouver International Film Festival.	Riverburn	Jennifer Calvert
director	Ali Bhai (English: Ali Brother) is a 2007 Malayalam Indian action-drama film, directed by Shaji Kailas and written by T.A. Shahid.	Ali Bhai	Shaji Kailas
director	Tale of Cinema is the sixth film by critically acclaimed South Korean director Hong Sang-soo.	Tale of Cinema	Hong Sang-soo
director	O Guaraní is a 1926 Brazilian drama film directed by Vittorio Capellaro based on a novel by José de Alencar.	O Guaraní	Vittorio Capellaro
director	Jeremy Hardy vs. the Israeli Army is a 2003 feature documentary directed by Leila Sansour and starring Jeremy Hardy.	Jeremy Hardy vs. the Israeli Army	Leila Sansour
director	Sparkling Fox (Chinese: 火狐, translit. Huo Ho) is a 1994 drama film directed by Wu Ziniu.	Sparkling Fox	Wu Ziniu
director	16 Days of Glory is a 1986 documentary film by Bud Greenspan about the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California, USA.	16 Days of Glory	Bud Greenspan
director	We're Not Married! is a 1952 American romantic comedy film, directed by Edmund Goulding and released by 20th Century Fox.	We're Not Married!	Edmund Goulding
director	Madame la Presidente is a surviving 1916 silent film comedy produced by Oliver Morosco and directed by Frank Lloyd.	Madame la Presidente	Frank Lloyd
director	The Rip-Off (Italian: Controrapina, also known as The Squeeze, Diamond Thieves, The Heist and The Big Rip-Off) is a 1980 Italian-West German film directed by Antonio Margheriti.	The Rip-Off	Antonio Margheriti
director	Last Exit to Earth is a 1996 American film directed by Katt Shea for Roger Corman.	Last Exit to Earth	Katt Shea
director	Bhagyavantha (Kannada: ಭಾಗ್ಯವಂತ) is a 1981 Kannada drama film directed and written by B. S. Ranga.	Bhagyavantha	B. S. Ranga
director	The Band Concert was directed by Wilfred Jackson and featured adapted music by Leigh Harline.	The Band Concert	Wilfred Jackson
director	Blow to the Heart (Italian: Colpire al cuore) is a 1982 Italian drama film directed by Gianni Amelio.	Blow to the Heart	Gianni Amelio
director	Hami Tin Bhai (also Haami Teen Bhai) (Nepali: हामी तीन भाई, English: We Three Brothers) is a Nepali action, comedy film directed by Shiva Regmi.	Hami Tin Bhai	Shiva Regmi
director	For Cash is a 1915 American silent drama film directed by Lon Chaney.	For Cash	Lon Chaney
director	39 Pounds of Love is a film written and directed by Dani Menkin, with co-writer, Ilan Heitner.	39 Pounds of Love	Dani Menkin
director	Adutha Veettu Penn (English: The Girl Next Door) is a 1960 Indian Tamil comedy film, directed by Vedantam Raghavaiah.	Adutha Veettu Penn	Vedantam Raghavaiah
director	Ennu Swantham Janakikutty is a 1998 Malayalam movie written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair and directed by Hariharan.	Ennu Swantham Janakikutty	Hariharan
director	Should a Woman Divorce? is a 1914 silent film written by Ivan Abramson and directed by Edwin McKim, and starring Lea Leland and Leonid Samoloff.	Should a Woman Divorce?	Edwin McKim
director	We Three Debutantes (Swedish: Vi tre debutera) is a 1953 Swedish drama film directed by Hasse Ekman.	We Three Debutantes	Hasse Ekman
director	The Joint Brothers or Les Frères Pétard is a French film directed by Hervé Palud released in 1986.	The Joint Brothers	Hervé Palud
director	I, a Man (1967) is an 1967 American film written, directed and photographed by Andy Warhol.	I, a Man	Andy Warhol
director	Love Letter to Edie is a 1975 short documentary by Robert Maier.	Love Letter to Edie	Robert Maier
director	In the Soup is a 1992 independent film comedy directed by Alexandre Rockwell.	In the Soup	Alexandre Rockwell
director	See China and Die (released in Europe as Hearsay) is a 1981 television film written, produced and directed by Larry Cohen.	See China and Die	Larry Cohen
director	Of Time and the City is a 2008 documentary collage film directed by Terence Davies.	Of Time and the City	Terence Davies
director	Perché quelle strane gocce di sangue sul corpo di Jennifer?/ Why Those Strange Drops of Blood on Jennifer's Body?(internationally released as The Case of the Bloody Iris and Erotic Blue) is a 1972 Italian giallo film directed by Giuliano Carnimeo.	The Case of the Bloody Iris	Giuliano Carnimeo
director	Djaoeh Dimata ((dʒaˈu diˈmata); Perfected Spelling: Jauh Dimata; Indonesian for Out of Sight) is a 1948 film from what is now Indonesia written and directed by Andjar Asmara for the South Pacific Film Corporation (SPFC).	Djaoeh Dimata	Andjar Asmara
director	Taken for a Ride is a documentary film by Martha Olson and Jim Klein about the Great American Streetcar Scandal.	Taken for a Ride	Jim Klein
director	Letter from the Dead (Danish: Brevet fra afdøde) is a 1946 Danish family film directed by Johan Jacobsen.	Letter from the Dead	Johan Jacobsen
director	The Penthouse is a 1967 film directed by Peter Collinson.	The Penthouse	Peter Collinson
director	December-1 (Kannada: ಡಿಸೆಂಬರ್-1) is a 2014 Indian Kannada film written and directed by P. Sheshadri starring Niveditha, Santosh Uppina and H. G. Dattatreya in lead roles.	December-1	P. Sheshadri
director	Outpost of the Mounties is a 1939 American western film, directed by Charles C. Coleman.	Outpost of the Mounties	Charles C. Coleman
director	Playing Soldiers (Serbo-Croatian: Mali vojnici) is a 1967 Yugoslav film directed by Bahrudin Čengić.	Playing Soldiers	Bahrudin Čengić
director	Obama Anak Menteng (also known as Little Obama) is a 2010 biopic drama film written and directed by Indonesian author Damien Dematra in collaboration with John de Rantau.	Obama Anak Menteng	Damien Dematra	John de Rantau
director	The Great Swindle is a 1971 Spanish-Italian thriller film directed by José Antonio Nieves Conde.	The Great Swindle	José Antonio Nieves Conde
director	Oridathoru Puzhayundu is a 2008 Malayalam environmental film directed by Kalavoor Ravikumar, written and screenplay by Jiju Asokan starring K.B.Venu, Jenny (Meera Jasmine's sister), Jayasree Sivadas, Goutham Babu, Balachandran Chullikad etc. The film is based on a real-life incident and is dedicated to the people of Plachimada.	Oridathoru Puzhayundu	Kalavoor Ravikumar
director	Bedstemor går amok is a 1944 Danish comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.	Bedstemor går amok	Lau Lauritzen	Alice O'Fredericks
director	Lover's Grief over the Yellow River (simplified Chinese: 黄河绝恋; traditional Chinese: 黃河絕戀; pinyin: Húanghé júeliàn) is a 1999 Chinese film directed by Feng Xiaoning.	Lover's Grief over the Yellow River	Feng Xiaoning
director	Dog Altogether is the first short film to be entirely written and directed by Paddy Considine.	Dog Altogether	Paddy Considine
director	Massacre Mafia Style (also known as The Executioner or Like Father, Like Son) is a 1974 independent film written, directed and produced by Italian-American crooner-actor Duke Mitchell.	Massacre Mafia Style	Duke Mitchell
director	Heart and Guts (Portuguese: Das Tripas Coração) is a 1982 Brazilian comedy film directed by Ana Carolina.	Heart and Guts	Ana Carolina
director	The Island Monster (Italian: Il mostro dell'isola, also known as Island Monster and The Monster of the Island) is a 1954 Italian thriller film directed by Roberto Bianchi Montero.	The Island Monster	Roberto Bianchi Montero
director	Sad Story of Self Supporting Child (저 하늘에도 슬픔이 - Jeo haneuledo seulpeumi) aka Sorrow in the Heavens is a 1965 South Korean film directed by Kim Soo-yong.	Sad Story of Self Supporting Child	Kim Soo-yong
director	The Don Juans (Czech: Donšajni, also known as Skirt Chasers) is a 2013 Czech comedy film directed by Jiří Menzel.	The Don Juans	Jiří Menzel
director	Brigade des mœurs (French: Vice Squad) (1985) is a French B movie by Max Pécas.	Brigade des mœurs	Max Pécas
director	Neelakasham Pachakadal Chuvanna Bhoomi (English: Blue Sky, Green Sea, Red Earth) is a 2013 Malayalam thriller road movie directed and co-produced by Sameer Thahir and written by Hashir Muhammad.	Neelakasham Pachakadal Chuvanna Bhoomi	Sameer Thahir
director	Ocean's 11 is a 1960 heist film directed by Lewis Milestone and starring five Rat Packers:	Ocean's 11	Lewis Milestone
director	The Mandarin Mystery is a 1936 American film directed by Ralph Staub, loosely based on The Chinese Orange Mystery, a novel featuring detective character Ellery Queen.	The Mandarin Mystery	Ralph Staub
director	The Prosecutor Hallers (French: Le procureur Hallers) is a 1930 French drama film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Jean-Max, Colette Darfeuil and Suzanne Delmas.	The Prosecutor Hallers	Robert Wiene
director	Learn by Heart (French: La Vie en grande) is a 2015 French comedy-drama film directed by Mathieu Vadepied.	Learn by Heart	Mathieu Vadepied
director	A Safe Proposition is a 1932 British comedy film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring A.W. Baskcomb, Barbara Gott, Harold French and Austin Trevor.	A Safe Proposition	Leslie S. Hiscott
director	Amori pericolosi is a 1964 Italian anthology comedy film consisting of three segments directed by Alfredo Giannetti, Carlo Lizzani and Giulio Questi.	Amori pericolosi	Alfredo Giannetti
director	Little City is a 1997 comedy/romance film written and directed by Roberto Benabib.	Little City	Roberto Benabib
director	The Silver Fleet (1943) is a British film written and directed by Vernon Sewell and Gordon Wellesley and produced by Powell & Pressburger under the banner of The Archers.	The Silver Fleet	Vernon Sewell	Gordon Wellesley
director	The Iron Heel of Oligarchy (Russian: Железная пята олигархии Zheleznaya pyata oligarkhii) is a 1999 Russian drama film directed by and starring Aleksandr Bashirov.	The Iron Heel of Oligarchy	Aleksandr Bashirov
director	Bugs Bunny Nips the Nips is a Merrie Melodies animated cartoon directed by Friz Freleng, produced by Leon Schlesinger Productions, and released to theaters on April 22, 1944 by Warner Bros. and The Vitaphone Corporation.	Bugs Bunny Nips the Nips	Friz Freleng
director	Killadi is a 2015 Indian Tamil action film directed by A. Venkatesh, and produced by Salem Chandrasekharan.	Killadi	A. Venkatesh
director	Lost in Siberia is a 1991 film by Alexander Mitta which was an Anglo-Russian co-production.	Lost in Siberia	Alexander Mitta
director	Chhayamoy or Chayamoy is a 2013 Bengali film directed by Haranath Chakraborty and based on Shirshendu Mukhopadhyay's novel of the same title.	Chhayamoy	Haranath Chakraborty
director	King of the Children (Chinese: 孩子王; pinyin: Háizǐ Wáng) is a 1987 drama film directed by Chen Kaige and starring Chen Shaohua.	King of the Children	Chen Kaige
director	If Footmen Tire You, What Will Horses Do? is a 1971 Christian film directed by Ron Ormond.	If Footmen Tire You, What Will Horses Do?	Ron Ormond
director	What Fools Men is a 1925 American silent drama film directed by George Archainbaud and starring Lewis Stone, Shirley Mason and Ethel Grey Terry.	What Fools Men	George Archainbaud
director	Panithirai (Tamil: பனித்திரை) is a 1961 Indian Tamil film, directed by Muktha Srinivasan and produced by Muktha V. Ramasasmy.	Panithirai	Muktha Srinivasan
director	Cesar's Last Fast is a 2014 American documentary film co-directed and produced by Richard Ray Perez and Lorena Parlee.	Cesar's Last Fast	Richard Ray Perez
director	Back Long Ago (Spanish: Allá lejos y hace tiempo) is a 1969 Argentine film directed by Ricardo Becher and written by Guillermo Enrique Hudson, with George Sherry Zabrieskie.	Back Long Ago	Ricardo Becher
director	Morecambe Church Lads' Brigade at Drill is a 1901 British short silent documentary film, directed by James Kenyon and Sagar Mitchell, showing the parade drill of the Morecambe Church Lads' Brigade on 3 July 1901.	Morecambe Church Lads' Brigade at Drill	James Kenyon
director	These Girls Are Missing is a 1995 documentary film from directors Shari Robertson and Michael Camerini about the gender gap in education in Africa.	These Girls Are Missing	Shari Robertson
director	All the Real Girls is a 2003 American romantic drama film written and directed by David Gordon Green and is about the romance between a young, small-town womanizer and his best friend's sexually inexperienced younger sister.	All the Real Girls	David Gordon Green
director	An Act of War (original title: The Projectionist) is a 2015 American thriller film written and directed by Ryan M. Kennedy and produced by Atit Shah.	An Act of War	Ryan M. Kennedy
director	Directed and produced by David L. Williams Beyond the Pole was shot on floating sea ice off the coast of Greenland, and stars an acclaimed cast of actors and comedians including:	Beyond the Pole	David L. Williams
director	Baaja (Mouth Organ; Hindi: बाजा) is a 2002 Indian Hindi film directed by Apurba Kishore Bir.	Baaja	Apurba Kishore Bir
director	Bach's Fight for Freedom is a 1995 Devine Entertainment production created by David Devine and Richard Mozer for HBO Original Films of New York and directed by Stuart Gillard.	Bach's Fight for Freedom	Stuart Gillard
director	Battle Beyond the Stars is an American 1980 science fiction film directed by Jimmy T. Murakami and produced by Roger Corman.	Battle Beyond the Stars	Roger Corman
director	Tirugu Leni Manishi (Telugu: తిరుగులేని మనిషి) is a 1981 Telugu film, Produced by K. Devi Vara Prasad on Devi Film Productions, directed by K. Raghavendra Rao.	Tirugu Leni Manishi	K. Raghavendra Rao
director	Lady Be Careful is a 1936 American drama film directed by Theodore Reed and written by Dorothy Parker, Alan Campbell and Harry Ruskin.	Lady Be Careful	Theodore Reed
director	More About Nostradamus is a 1941 American short film directed by David Miller.	More About Nostradamus	David Miller
director	Officer Pooch is a 1941 short cartoon produced by Fred Quimby, directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.	Officer Pooch	Joseph Barbera
director	They Wanted to Marry is a 1937 romantic comedy film directed by Lew Landers from a screenplay by Paul Yawitz and Ethel Borden, based on a story by Larry Bachmann and Daniel L. Teilhet.	They Wanted to Marry	Lew Landers
director	The Youth of Maxim (Russian: Юность Максима) is a 1935 Soviet film directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg, the first part of trilogy about the life of a young factory worker named Maxim.	The Youth of Maxim	Grigori Kozintsev	Leonid Trauberg
director	Henry Gamble's Birthday Party is a 2015 drama film written and directed by Stephen Cone.	Henry Gamble's Birthday Party	Stephen Cone
director	A Movie is a 1958 experimental collage film in which Bruce Conner put together snippets of found footage, taken from B-movies, newsreels, soft-core pornography, novelty short films, and other sources, to a musical score featuring Respighi's Pines of Rome.	A Movie	Bruce Conner
director	Just Joe is a 1960 British comedy film directed by Maclean Rogers and starring Leslie Randall, Joan Reynolds, Michael Shepley and Anna May Wong.	Just Joe	Maclean Rogers
director	The Carey Treatment is a 1972 film by Blake Edwards based on the novel A Case of Need credited to Jeffery Hudson, a pseudonym for Michael Crichton.	The Carey Treatment	Blake Edwards
director	Premada Kanike (Kannada: ಪ್ರೇಮದ ಕಾಣಿಕೆ) is a 1976 Indian Kannada thriller film directed by V. Somashekhar and produced by Jayadevi.	Premada Kanike	V. Somashekhar
director	Olave Jeevana Lekkachaara! (Kannada: ಒಲವೇ ಜೀವನ ಲೆಕ್ಕಾಚಾರ!) is a 2009 Indian Kannada language film directed by Nagathihalli Chandrashekhar.	Olave Jeevana Lekkachaara	Nagathihalli Chandrashekhar
director	I Met My Love Again (1938) is an American romantic drama film distributed by United Artists, directed by Joshua Logan, Arthur Ripley and George Cukor.	I Met My Love Again	Joshua Logan	Arthur Ripley	George Cukor
director	Meat Weed Madness is a 2006 film written and directed by North Carolina-based writer/director Aiden Dillard.	Meat Weed Madness	Aiden Dillard
director	Mr. and Mrs. Kabal's Theatre (Théâtre de Monsieur & Madame Kabal) is a 1967 French animated film directed by Walerian Borowczyk.	Mr. and Mrs. Kabal's Theatre	Walerian Borowczyk
director	Hunting Humans is a 2002 horror film written and directed by Kevin Kangas.	Hunting Humans	Kevin Kangas
director	Baba Keno Chakar is a 1998 Drama Blockbuster Bengali film directed by Swapan Saha under the banner of Anjali Films.	Baba Keno Chakar	Swapan Saha
director	Burari Bura-bura Monogatari (in Japanese characters: ぶらりぶらぶら物語) is a 1962 Japanese comedy film directed by Zenzo Matsuyama.	Burari Bura-bura Monogatari	Zenzo Matsuyama
director	Go Chase Yourself is a 1938 American comedy film directed by Edward F. Cline and written by Paul Yawitz and Bert Granet.	Go Chase Yourself	Edward F. Cline
director	It's a Long Road (Όλα είναι δρόμος) is a 1998 film by Greek film director Pantelis Voulgaris.	It's a Long Road	Pantelis Voulgaris
director	All's Well, Ends Well is a 1992 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Clifton Ko.	All's Well, Ends Well	Clifton Ko
director	Brihonnola is a 2014 Bangladeshi Feature film directed, produced and written by Murad Parvez based on religion crisis.	Brihonnola	Murad Parvez
director	Life on a Thread (Spanish:La vida en un hilo) is a 1945 Spanish comedy film written, directed and produced by Edgar Neville.	Life on a Thread	Edgar Neville
director	Femme Fatale, Jang Hee-bin or Concubine Jang Hui-bin (Hangul: 요화 장희빈; RR: Yohwa, Jang Hee-bin) is a 1968 South Korean film directed by Im Kwon-taek.	Femme Fatale, Jang Hee-bin	Im Kwon-taek
director	I tre corsari is a 1952 Italian adventure film directed by Mario Soldati.	I tre corsari	Mario Soldati
director	When Gangland Strikes is a 1956 American crime film directed by R. G. Springsteen and written by John K. Butler and Frederick Louis Fox.	When Gangland Strikes	R. G. Springsteen
director	It's Hard to Be Good is a 1948 British comedy film directed by Jeffrey Dell and starring Jimmy Hanley, Anne Crawford and Raymond Huntley.	It's Hard to Be Good	Jeffrey Dell
director	South of Pico is a 2007 drama film written and directed by Ernst Gossner set in Los Angeles.	South of Pico	Ernst Gossner
director	Victims and Murderers (Czech: Oběti a vrazi) is a 2000 Czech drama film directed by Andrea Sedláčková.	Victims and Murderers	Andrea Sedláčková
director	Kaalia (Hindi: कालिया) is a 1981 Bollywood action film, written and directed by Tinnu Anand, the film was produced by Iqbal Singh.	Kaalia	Tinnu Anand
director	Just One of the Guys is a 1985 comedy film, directed by Lisa Gottlieb.	Just One of the Guys	Lisa Gottlieb
director	Nuvvante Naakishtam is a 2005 Telugu romance film written, produced and directed by E. V. V. Satyanarayana.	Nuvvante Naakishtam	E. V. V. Satyanarayana
director	All the Vermeers in New York is a 1990 American film written, directed and produced by Jon Jost.	All the Vermeers in New York	Jon Jost
director	Invasion 1700 (Italian: Col ferro e col fuoco, French: Par le fer et par le feu, also known as With Fire and Sword and Daggers of Blood) is a 1962 Italian-French historical epic film directed by Fernando Cerchio.	Invasion 1700	Fernando Cerchio
director	Sorrow and Joy (Danish: Sorg og glæde) is a 2013 Danish drama film directed by Nils Malmros.	Sorrow and Joy	Nils Malmros
director	Il tempo degli avvoltoi (also known as Last of the Badmen, Time of Vultures and No Tears for a Killer) is a 1967 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Nando Cicero.	Il tempo degli avvoltoi	Nando Cicero
director	Mera Pind (English: My village) is a Punjabi film released on 20 September 2008, directed and produced Manmohan Singh.	Mera Pind	Manmohan Singh
director	The Chekist (Russian: Чекист) is a 1992 Russian drama film directed by Aleksandr Rogozhkin.	The Chekist	Aleksandr Rogozhkin
director	The Best of Walt Disney's True-Life Adventures is a 1975 American compilation-documentary film produced by Walt Disney Productions, directed by James Algar and released by Buena Vista Distribution on October 8, 1975.	The Best of Walt Disney's True-Life Adventures	James Algar
director	Nuan (Chinese: 暖; pinyin: Nuǎn) is a 2003 Chinese film directed by Huo Jianqi.	Nuan	Huo Jianqi
director	Historias mínimas (English: Minimal Stories and Intimate Stories) is a 2002 Argentine and Spanish drama film, directed by Carlos Sorín and written by Pablo Solarz.	Intimate Stories	Carlos Sorín
director	14 Carrot Rabbit is an animated cartoon short in the Looney Tunes series featuring Bugs Bunny and Yosemite Sam (here as Chilkoot Sam), directed by Friz Freleng and first released March 15, 1952.	14 Carrot Rabbit	Friz Freleng
director	Confessions of a Superhero is a 2007 documentary film directed by Matthew Ogens about costumed superheroes on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.	Confessions of a Superhero	Matthew Ogens
director	Lina's Wedding (Norwegian: Jentespranget) is a 1973 Danish-Norwegian drama film directed by Knud Leif Thomsen.	Lina's Wedding	Knud Leif Thomsen
director	Yevadu (English: Who is he?) is a 2014 Indian Telugu action film co-written and directed by Vamsi Paidipally.	Yevadu	Vamsi Paidipally
director	Madame Louise (also titled ``The Madame Gambles''), is a 1951 British comedy film directed by Maclean Rogers and produced by Ernest G. Roy and starring Richard Hearne, Petula Clark, Garry Marsh and Richard Gale.	Madame Louise	Maclean Rogers
director	Ugramm (Kannada: ಉಗ್ರಂ) is a 2014 Indian Kannada action thriller film directed by Prashanth Neel and produced under the banner Inkfinite Pictures with his brother Pradeep Neel as the executive producer.	Ugramm	Prashanth Neel
director	By Killing (Spanish: Orden de matar) is a 1965 Argentine film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto.	By Killing	Román Viñoly Barreto
director	Foxcatcher is a 2014 American biographical sports and true crime drama film produced and directed by Bennett Miller.	Foxcatcher	Bennett Miller
director	Nizhalkuthu (English: Shadow Kill, French: Le Serviteur de Kali, Malayalam: നിഴല്‍ക്കുത്ത്) is a 2002 Indian film directed, written and co-produced by Adoor Gopalakrishnan.	Nizhalkuthu	Adoor Gopalakrishnan
director	Vaadamalli is a Malayalam thriller film directed by Alberrt Antoni after his critically acclaimed debut film Kanne Madanguka.	Vaadamalli	Alberrt Antoni
director	Premanu Apedevaru is a 2014 psychological drama Telugu short film written and directed by Sreekanth Vanga.	Premanu Apedevaru	Sreekanth Vanga
director	El mejor papá del mundo was a black and white Lumiton film directed by Francisco Múgica and written by Sixto Pondal Ríos.	El mejor papá del mundo	Francisco Múgica
director	Le guêpier is a 1976 French-Italian film, directed by Roger Pigaut.	Le guêpier	Roger Pigaut
director	Tragico convegno is an Italian silent movie with colour tinting by director Ivo Illuminati produced in 1915.	Tragico convegno	Ivo Illuminati
director	First Cousin Once Removed is a 2012 documentary film directed by Alan Berliner.	First Cousin Once Removed	Alan Berliner
director	The Weaker Sex is a 1948 British drama film directed by Roy Ward Baker.	The Weaker Sex	Roy Ward Baker
director	According to Screenonline, ``The gentle comedy of manners and unexpected reversal of white and black stereotypes in Playing Away contrasts sharply with the stylistic experimentation and the militant denunciations of racial prejudice in director Horace Ové's earlier feature, Pressure (1975).''	Playing Away	Horace Ové
director	John Hopkins the Third (German: Die verschwundene Million) is a 1921 German film directed by Wolfgang Neff and featuring Béla Lugosi.	John Hopkins the Third	Wolfgang Neff
director	It was directed by Guel Arraes, and is based on the 1964 play Lisbela e o Prisioneiro by Osman Lins.	Lisbela e o Prisioneiro	Guel Arraes
director	Goldengirl is a 1979 film directed by Joseph Sargent, based on the science-fiction novel of the same title by Peter Lear, a pseudonym of Peter Lovesey.	Goldengirl	Joseph Sargent
director	West Bank Story is a comedy/musical short film, directed by Ari Sandel, co-written by Sandel and Kim Ray, produced by Pascal Vaguelsy, Amy Kim, Ashley Jordan, Ravi Malhotra, Bill Boland, and featuring choreography by Ramon Del Barrio.	West Bank Story	Ari Sandel
director	Spaceways, directed by Terence Fisher, was filmed entirely in England by the Hammer company, with Michael Carreras as producer-of-record and American Robert L. Lippert as uncredited co-producer, from a screenplay by Paul Tabori and Richard Landau based on a radio play by Charles Eric Maine.	Spaceways	Terence Fisher
director	September Dawn is a 2007 Canadian-American Western drama film directed by Christopher Cain, telling a fictional love story against a controversial historical interpretation of the 1857 Mountain Meadows massacre.	September Dawn	Christopher Cain
director	Ma and Pa Kettle at Waikiki is a 1955 American comedy film directed by Lee Sholem.	Ma and Pa Kettle at Waikiki	Lee Sholem
director	28 Weeks Later was co-written and directed by Juan Carlos Fresnadillo, with Danny Boyle and Alex Garland, director and writer of 28 Days Later respectively, now acting as executive producers.	28 Weeks Later	Juan Carlos Fresnadillo	Danny Boyle
director	Ud i den kolde sne is a 1934 Danish comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.	Ud i den kolde sne	Lau Lauritzen	Alice O'Fredericks
director	George and Rosemary is a 1987 animated short co-directed by Alison Snowden and David Fine, about two ``golden agers'' who prove that passion is not exclusively for the young.	George and Rosemary	David Fine
director	Lanka Dahan (English: Lanka Aflame) is a 1917 Indian silent film directed by Dhundiraj Govind Phalke (Dadasaheb Phalke).	Lanka Dahan	Dadasaheb Phalke
director	The Raspberry Reich is a 2004 film by director Bruce LaBruce which explores what LaBruce calls ``terrorist chic'', cult dynamics, and the ``innate radical potential of homosexual expression''.	The Raspberry Reich	Bruce LaBruce
director	Harold and Maude is a 1971 American romantic dark comedy directed by Hal Ashby and released by Paramount Pictures.	Harold and Maude	Hal Ashby
director	The Count of Charolais (German:Der Graf von Charolais) is a 1922 German silent historical film directed by Karl Grune and starring Eva May, William Dieterle and Eugen Klöpfer.	The Count of Charolais	Karl Grune
director	Traitor Spy is a 1939 British wartime thriller film directed by Walter Summers and starring Bruce Cabot, Marta Labarr, Tamara Desni and Edward Lexy.	Traitor Spy	Walter Summers
director	Keelu Bommalu (Telugu: కీలుబొమ్మలు) is a 1965 Telugu film directed by C. S. Rao and produced by P.Gangadhara Rao of Hyderabad Films.	Keelu Bommalu	C. S. Rao
director	Adesuwa (A Wasted Lust) is a 2012 Nigerian historical film produced and directed by Lancelot Oduwa Imasuen.	Adesuwa	Lancelot Oduwa Imasuen
director	Mendadak Dangdut (Suddenly Dangdut) is a 2006 Indonesian dramatic-comedy film directed by Rudy Soedjarwo and written by Monty Tiwa.	Mendadak Dangdut	Rudy Soedjarwo
director	The Story of Jacob and Joseph is a 1974 American historical drama television film directed by Michael Cacoyannis, based on the biblical Book of Genesis with a screenplay written by Ernest Kinoy.	The Story of Jacob and Joseph	Michael Cacoyannis
director	Manidharil Manikkam (Tamil: மனிதரில் மாணிக்கம்) is a 1973 Indian Tamil film, directed by C. V. Rajendran.	Manidharil Manikkam	C. V. Rajendran
director	Die Liebe und der Co-Pilot is an East German romantic comedy film directed by Richard Groschopp.	Die Liebe und der Co-Pilot	Richard Groschopp
director	Africadalli Sheela is a 1986 Indian Kannada fantasy-adventure film written, directed and produced by Dwarakish.	Africadalli Sheela	Dwarakish
director	Adiós Buenos Aires (English language: Goodbye Buenos Aires) is a 1938 Argentine musical film directed and written by Leopoldo Torres Ríos.	Goodbye Buenos Aires	Leopoldo Torres Ríos
director	Dr. Siva (Tamil: டாக்டர் சிவா) is a 1975 Indian Tamil film, directed and produced by A. C. Tirulokchandar.	Dr. Siva	A. C. Tirulokchandar
dissolved or abolished	Leszno Voivodeship (Polish: województwo leszczyńskie) was a unit of administrative division and local government in Poland from 1975 to 1998, superseded by Greater Poland Voivodeship.	Leszno Voivodeship	1998
dissolved or abolished	The Kingdom of the Two Sicilies lasted from 1816 until 1860, when it was annexed by the Kingdom of Sardinia to form the Kingdom of Italy in 1861.	Kingdom of the Two Sicilies	1861
dissolved or abolished	The First Brazilian Republic or República Velha (Portuguese pronunciation: (ʁeˈpublikɐ ˈvɛʎɐ), ``Old Republic'') is the period of Brazilian history from 1889 to 1930.	First Brazilian Republic	1930
dissolved or abolished	In 1955, most of the western wing was combined to form a new West Pakistan province while East Bengal became the new province of East Pakistan.	East Bengal	1955
dissolved or abolished	The Mills Corporation was a publicly traded real estate investment trust headquartered in Arlington, Virginia, United States, acquired on April 3, 2007 by an investment group composed of Simon Property Group and Farallon Capital Management.	Mills Corporation	2007
dissolved or abolished	Celltech was acquired by UCB, a Belgian drugmaker, in 2004.	Celltech	2004
dissolved or abolished	Piotrków Voivodeship (Polish: województwo piotrkowskie) was a voivodeship, or unit of administrative division and local government, in Poland from 1975 to 1998, superseded by Łódź Voivodeship.	Piotrków Voivodeship	1998
dissolved or abolished	The Archbishopric of Magdeburg was a Roman Catholic archdiocese (969--1552) and Prince-Archbishopric (1180--1680) of the Holy Roman Empire centered on the city of Magdeburg on the Elbe River.	Archbishopric of Magdeburg	1680
dissolved or abolished	SynOptics Communications was a Santa Clara, California-based early computer network equipment vendor from 1985 until 1994.	SynOptics	1994
dissolved or abolished	The Relief Committee for Greeks of Asia Minor (1917--1921) was a relief organization established during World War I in response to the genocide of Greeks in the Ottoman Empire.	Relief Committee for Greeks of Asia Minor	1921
dissolved or abolished	The Mexican Empire (Spanish: Imperio Mexicano) or Second Mexican Empire (Spanish: Segundo Imperio Mexicano) was the name of Mexico under the regime established from 1864 to 1867.	Second Mexican Empire	1867
dissolved or abolished	It was listed on the London Stock Exchange and was once a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index but in 1992 it was taken over by HSBC Holdings plc, who phased out the Midland Bank name in 1999 in favour of HSBC Bank.	Midland Bank	1999
dissolved or abolished	The Arab Federation of Iraq and Jordan was a short-lived country that was formed in 1958 from the union of Iraq and Jordan.	Arab Federation	1958
dissolved or abolished	Dutch Malacca (1641--1825) was the longest period that Malacca was under foreign control.	Dutch Malacca	1825
dissolved or abolished	The Republic of Genoa (Italian: Repubblica di Genova, Ligurian: Repúbrica de Zêna) was an independent state from 1005 to 1797 in Liguria on the northwestern Italian coast, incorporating Corsica from 1347 to 1768, and numerous other territories throughout the Mediterranean.	Republic of Genoa	1797
dissolved or abolished	Formed as the North Eastern Electricity Board (NEEB) in 1948 as part of the nationalisation of the electricity industry by the Electricity Act 1947, it was privatised in 1990 and renamed as Northern Electric	North Eastern Electricity Board	1990
dissolved or abolished	In 1867 territories of the Augustów Governorate and the Płock Governorate were divided into a smaller Płock Governorate, Suwałki Governorate (consisting mostly of the Augustów Governorate territories) and recreated Łomża Governorate.	Augustów Governorate	1867
dissolved or abolished	The Home Rule League (1873--1882), sometimes called the Home Rule Party or the Home Rule Confederation, was a political party which campaigned for home rule for Ireland within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, when it was replaced by the Irish Parliamentary Party.	Home Rule League	1882
dissolved or abolished	The Delhi Sultanate was a Muslim kingdom based mostly in Delhi that stretched over large parts of the Indian subcontinent for 320 years (1206--1526).	Delhi Sultanate	1526
dissolved or abolished	Waalo was conquered in 1855 by the French, in a campaign of Governor Louis Faidherbe.	Waalo	1855
dissolved or abolished	The assets of the board were transferred to Northern Electric plc in March 1990, and the company was privatised in December of the same year.	Northern Electric	1990
dissolved or abolished	On 13 August 2005, InterVideo acquired Ulead Systems for approximately $68 million and announced its merger with Ulead on July 9, 2006.	InterVideo	2006
dissolved or abolished	Revue Arcadie remained in continuous publication until 1982 when the laws regarding homosexual conduct were changed to be identical with those relating to heterosexual behavior.	Arcadie	1982
dissolved or abolished	In 1998, the Welfare Party was banned from politics by the Constitutional Court of Turkey for violating the separation of religion and state as mandated by the constitution.	Welfare Party	1998
dissolved or abolished	St. Clare's Priory, Stockholm, was a Roman Catholic nunnery of the Poor Clares in Stockholm, Sweden, that was active from 1289 to the Swedish Reformation in 1527.	St. Clare's Priory, Stockholm	1527
dissolved or abolished	EasyCruise ended operations in early 2010.	EasyCruise	2010
dissolved or abolished	Gemco operated from 1959 until closing in late 1986.	Gemco	1986
dissolved or abolished	The Taifa of Málaga was a Muslim taifa kingdom in what is now southern Spain, which existed for four distinct time-periods: from 1026 to 1057, from 1073 to 1090, from 1145 to 1153 and from 1229 to 1239 when it was finally conquered by Granada.	Taifa of Málaga	1239
dissolved or abolished	Tradewest was acquired by WMS Industries (the owners of the Williams and Midway brands) in April 1994, and a new company called Williams Entertainment, Inc. was formed with Rowe and the two Cooks as its heads, thus signaling the end of Tradewest as a company.	Tradewest	1994
dissolved or abolished	Army Group Vistula (German: 'Heeresgruppe Weichsel') was an Army Group of the Wehrmacht, formed on 24 January 1945.	Army Group Vistula	1945
dissolved or abolished	Infernal Bridegroom Productions (IBP) was a theater company located in Houston, Texas, formed in 1993 and dissolved in 2007.	Infernal Bridegroom Productions	2007
dissolved or abolished	Dzhevanshirsky Uyezd (Russian: Джеванширский уезд) also spelled as Jevanshir Uyezd, was one of the uyezds (administrative divisions) of Elisabethpol Governorate of the Russian Empire, with its center in Tartar in 1869--1918.	Dzhevanshirsky Uyezd	1918
dissolved or abolished	Maersk completed the buyout of the company on 13 August 2005, Royal P&O Nedlloyd shares terminated trading on 5 September.	P&O Nedlloyd	13 August 2005
dissolved or abolished	The Eastern Roman Empire endured for another thousand years, eventually falling to the Ottoman Turks in 1453.	Roman Empire	1453
dissolved or abolished	Berolina Film (often shortened to Berolina) was a film production company which operated in West Germany between 1948 and 1964.	Berolina Film	1964
dissolved or abolished	The Rexist Party (French: Parti Rexiste), or simply Rex, was a far-right Catholic, nationalist, authoritarian and corporatist political party active in Belgium from 1935 until 1945.	Rexist Party	1945
dissolved or abolished	East Berlin existed between 1949 and 1990.	East Berlin	1990
dissolved or abolished	The Dean of Wolverhampton was the head of the chapter of Canons at St. Peter's Collegiate Church, Wolverhampton until the chapter was disestablished in 1846.	Dean of Wolverhampton	1846
dissolved or abolished	Federal Employees' Distributing Company, known as Fedco, was a membership department store chain that operated in Southern California from 1948 to 1999.	Federal Employees' Distributing Company	1999
dissolved or abolished	In 2004, following Cingular's acquisition of AT&T Wireless Services, BellSouth Mobility ceased to exist when it was legally merged into New Cingular Wireless PCS, LLC, the renamed former operating subsidiary of AT&T Wireless Services.	BellSouth Mobility	2004
dissolved or abolished	The 19th and last staging of the festival, the 2008 NatFilm Festival, occurred between March 28 and April 6, 2008.	NatFilm Festival	2008
dissolved or abolished	In 2009, GUN Records announced they were closing.	GUN Records	2009
educated at	After the war Otto Ites matriculated at the University of Bonn in the winter semester 1946/47.	Otto Ites	University of Bonn
educated at	Bernard de Wit studied theoretical physics at Utrecht University, where he got his PhD under supervision of Nobel Prize laureate Martinus Veltman in 1973.	Bernard de Wit	Utrecht University
educated at	Roger Paulin is an emeritus professor of German at the University of Cambridge.	Roger Paulin	University of Cambridge
educated at	Cary Burkett attended the University of Texas at Austin and earned a BFA degree in theater.	Cary Burkett	University of Texas at Austin
educated at	Tonya Cornelisse earned her BFA in Theatre from the New York University Tisch School of Performing Arts along with a degree in psychology.	Tonya Cornelisse	New York University
educated at	After her PhD, Papiya Ghosh taught History at Daulat Ram College (Delhi University) briefly, and then at the Hindu College, University of Delhi for two years.	Papiya Ghosh	Hindu College, University of Delhi
educated at	Paul Danielson received his bachelor's degree from Florida State University in 1968 and a law degree from the University of Arkansas School of Law.	Paul Danielson	Florida State University	University of Arkansas
educated at	Lonnie Thompson (born July 1, 1948), is an American paleoclimatologist and Distinguished University Professor in the School of Earth Sciences at The Ohio State University.	Lonnie Thompson	Ohio State University
educated at	Saka Acquaye's break finally came in1953 and he left the shores of the Gold Coast to pursue further studies at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts.	Saka Acquaye	Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts
educated at	James O'Neill Humphreys, Sr., usually known as Jim Humphreys (February 28, 1921 -- June 9, 2007), was a prominent Texas rancher and the former board chairman of the National Ranching Heritage Center, an entity of Texas Tech University in Lubbock.	Jim Humphreys	Texas Tech University
educated at	Samson Samsonov graduated from Gerasimov Institute of Cinematography in 1951, where he studied under Sergei Gerasimov.	Samson Samsonov	Gerasimov Institute of Cinematography
educated at	From 1984 to 1991, Kathrin Becker studied art history and Slavic languages at the Ruhr University Bochum, the Moscow State University, and the Leningrad State University.	Kathrin Becker	Moscow State University
educated at	Dr. Neil Foley graduated from the University of Virginia and earned a M.A. from Georgetown University.	Neil Foley	University of Virginia	Georgetown University
educated at	Robert Winsor grew up in a home that doubled as his mother's school, and was later educated at Phillips Exeter Academy, graduating from Harvard University in 1880.	Robert Winsor	Harvard University
educated at	Mike Nguyen received his BFA in character animation at the California Institute of the Arts in 1988.	Mike Nguyen	California Institute of the Arts
educated at	He was born on October 20, 1907 to Cora Terry (Wells) and Hugh Meade Alcorn Sr. He attended Dartmouth College and Yale Law School.	Meade Alcorn	Dartmouth College	Yale Law School
educated at	Egidijus Kūris graduated from the Faculty of Law in Vilnius University in 1984, where he continued to work as a lecturer until 1994.	Egidijus Kūris	Vilnius University
educated at	Ewart Grogan was educated at Winchester College and Jesus College, Cambridge, which he left without taking a degree.	Ewart Grogan	Winchester College
educated at	Maureen Reed (born April 10, 1953) is a physician who was the chair of the Board of Regents of the University of Minnesota, Director of the Parks and Trails Council of Minnesota, and Medical Director and Vice-President of the not-for-profit health care provider HealthPartners.	Maureen Reed	University of Minnesota
educated at	Barnaby Evans received his bachelor's degree in biology and environmental science from Brown University in 1975, where he was a member of the Brown Association for Cooperative Housing.	Barnaby Evans	Brown University
educated at	At the Art Students League of New York Susan Weil studied with Vaclav Vytlacil and Morris Kantor.	Susan Weil	Art Students League of New York
educated at	Nowell Myres was educated at Winchester College and then New College, Oxford and was president of the Oxford University Archaeological Society in 1923.	Nowell Myres	Winchester College	New College
educated at	Dr. Tariq Mustafa is a graduate of University of London where he received his Bachelor of Science (B.S.) in mechanical engineering with first class honours while also doing an engineering apprenticeship at the Royal Arsenal in Woolwich.	Tariq Mustafa	University of London
educated at	Harvey Proctor himself was born in Pontefract in West Yorkshire, going to the Scarborough High School for Boys and then the University of York where he read History.	Harvey Proctor	University of York
educated at	Richard Bulstrode was born at Astley, Warwickshire, and educated at Pembroke College, Cambridge.	Richard Bulstrode	Pembroke College
educated at	He had a twin sister, Ann. Derrick Bailey was educated at Winchester College, where he was in the cricket eleven as a right-handed batsman in 1936.	Derrick Bailey	Winchester College
educated at	Thomas Briscoe (30 June 1813 -- 16 February 1895) was a Welsh priest and scholar, who was a Fellow of Jesus College, Oxford for 25 years and Vicar of Holyhead for 37 years.	Thomas Briscoe	Jesus College
educated at	Sven-Eric Liedman (born 1939) is a Swedish author and Professor Emeritus of History of Ideas at the University of Gothenburg in Gothenburg, Sweden.	Sven-Eric Liedman	University of Gothenburg
educated at	James Surtees Phillpotts (1839-1930) was an author, Fellow of New College, Oxford, and Headmaster of Bedford School.	James Surtees Phillpotts	New College
educated at	Georg Feigl started studying mathematics and physics at the University of Jena in 1909.	Georg Feigl	University of Jena
educated at	Dorothy M. Meletzke was educated at the Jackson College for Women at Tufts University, receiving a B.A. in History in 1962.	Dorothy M. Meletzke	Tufts University
educated at	Euan Edworthy was educated at Ampleforth College, UK, and graduated from the University of Wales, Cardiff, in 1991 with a degree in Politics and History.	Euan Edworthy	Ampleforth College	University of Wales
educated at	Kim Vicente is an inactive professor of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering at the University of Toronto.	Kim Vicente	University of Toronto
educated at	Barbara Harff (born in Kassel, Germany; Ph.D. Northwestern University, 1981) is Professor of Political Science Emerita at the U.S. Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland.	Barbara Harff	Northwestern University
educated at	After completing his education in media studies in King Saud University in 1981, Turki bin Sultan received a master of arts degree from Syracuse University in international communications in 1983 where he was awarded the title of outstanding graduate student.	Turki bin Sultan	Syracuse University
educated at	Guillermo Owen was born May 4, 1938, in Bogotá, Colombia, and obtained a B.S. degree from Fordham University in 1958, and a Ph.D. degree from Princeton University under the guidance of Dr. Harold Kuhn, in 1962.	Guillermo Owen	Fordham University	Princeton University
educated at	John H. McArthur (born ca 1935) is an American organizational theorist, Professor of Business Administration and Dean Emeritus of the Harvard Business School.	John H. McArthur	Harvard Business School
educated at	Irakli Alasania graduated from the Tbilisi State University with a degree in international law in 1995.	Irakli Alasania	Tbilisi State University
educated at	Dr. Jon Nese is an Assistant Professor and Associate Head of Undergraduate Programs in the Department of Meteorology at The Pennsylvania State University.	Jon Nese	Pennsylvania State University
educated at	John Vicars (1582, London -- 12 April 1652, Christ's Hospital, Greyfriars, London) was an English contemporary biographer, poet and polemicist of the English Civil War.	John Vicars	Christ's Hospital
educated at	Born in 1956, Vineet Narain had his primary education in Western Uttar Pradesh and did his higher studies from Jawaharlal Nehru University in New Delhi.	Vineet Narain	Jawaharlal Nehru University
educated at	The University of Michigan Law School awards the Craig Spangenberg Oral Advocacy Award in recognition of his trial advocacy legacy.	Craig Spangenberg	University of Michigan Law School
educated at	James Baba holds the degree of Bachelor of Arts in History, from Makerere University, Uganda's oldest public university.	James Baba	Makerere University
educated at	Melanie Hebert attended Dominican High School and the New Orleans Center for Creative Arts before attending Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge.	Melanie Hebert	Louisiana State University
educated at	He matriculated at Magdalen College, Oxford, where he simplified his name to Chris Huhne and where he was a Demy.	Chris Huhne	Magdalen College
educated at	Born the son of Charles Hoare (1844--1898), Senior Partner of C. Hoare & Co, Reginald Hoare was educated at Eton College and joined the diplomatic service in 1905.	Reginald Hoare	Eton College
educated at	Shannon O'Hurley is an American actress who attended the Boston Conservatory of Music majoring in Musical Theatre.	Shannon O'Hurley	Boston Conservatory
educated at	Senahid Halilović studied at the University of Belgrade where he acquired his PhD in Dialectology, exploring the East-Bosnian dialect.	Senahid Halilović	University of Belgrade
educated at	Javier Calvo graduated in journalism at the Autonomous University of Barcelona and studied comparative literature at Pompeu Fabra University.	Javier Calvo	Autonomous University of Barcelona
educated at	Alexander Isley was born in Durham, North Carolina and studied at the University of North Carolina School of the Arts (high school visual arts diploma), North Carolina State University College of Design (BEDV) and the Cooper Union School of Art (BFA) in New York.	Alexander Isley	University of North Carolina School of the Arts	North Carolina State University
educated at	Silas L. Warner (1924--1993) entered Princeton University from Choate Rosemary Hall in June 1942, and graduated in 1945 after his first year at Northwestern Medical School.	Silas L. Warner	Princeton University
educated at	At fourteen, Ernst von Bandel began to take drawing lessons at the Academy of Fine Arts, Nuremberg, with the engraver Albert Christoph Reindel.	Ernst von Bandel	Academy of Fine Arts, Nuremberg
educated at	Scott McGillivray attended the University of Guelph where he received an honours degree in Commerce in 2001.	Scott McGillivray	University of Guelph
educated at	Peter Löscher graduated from Gymnasium Villach/Austria in 1978 and got a master's degree at the Vienna University of Economics and Business Administration.	Peter Löscher	Vienna University of Economics and Business
educated at	In 1996, Mei Ting was admitted into the prestige Central Academy of Drama in Beijing, Department of Acting.	Mei Ting	Central Academy of Drama
educated at	Taha Abdul-Basser was a Muslim Chaplain at Harvard University.	Taha Abdul-Basser	Harvard University
educated at	Nobuyuki Tanaka is an economic botanist at the Tokyo Metropolitan University, the Makino Botanical Garden in Kōchi prefecture, Japan .	Nobuyuki Tanaka	Tokyo Metropolitan University
educated at	Harold E. Taylor, Haverford College, MIT, and University of Iowa alumnus, was a Professor of Physics at The Richard Stockton College of New Jersey for over 30 years.	Harold E. Taylor	Haverford College	University of Iowa
educated at	Pavel Parasca was born on July 8, 1939 in Brînzenii Vechi and graduated from the Moldova State University in 1967.	Pavel Parasca	Moldova State University
educated at	Rituparna Basu studied from 2007 to 2010 at the Schreyer Honors College of Pennsylvania State University, graduating with distinction with a Bachelor of Science degree in Biology.	Rituparna Basu	Pennsylvania State University
educated at	Richard Sandford attended Clifton College whence he joined the Royal Navy.	Richard Sandford	Clifton College
educated at	Bob Ziering is an American illustrator from New York who studied at The High School of Music & Art, and the New York University.	Bob Ziering	New York University
educated at	John Skilling graduated from the University of Washington in 1947 and started working for an engineering firm called W.H. Witt Co, which is now known as Magnusson Klemencic Associates.	John Skilling	University of Washington
educated at	Avner Treinin (Hebrew: אבנר טריינין‎, February 14, 1928 -- October 7, 2011) was an Israeli poet and professor of physical chemistry at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.	Avner Treinin	Hebrew University of Jerusalem
educated at	Lionel Nathan de Rothschild was born in London and educated at Harrow School and Trinity College, Cambridge where he graduated BA in 1903 and MA in 1908.	Lionel Nathan de Rothschild	Trinity College
educated at	Syed Kawsar Jamal did his Master's degree from the University of Calcutta and after a short stint in teaching in a higher secondary school joined All India Radio in 1978.	Syed Kawsar Jamal	University of Calcutta
educated at	Caroline Stevermer attended Bryn Mawr College, and Greenlaw, the College in A College of Magics, may be based on her experiences there.	Caroline Stevermer	Bryn Mawr College
educated at	Cotton Mather, FRS (February 12, 1663 -- February 13, 1728; A.B. 1678, Harvard College; A.M. 1681, honorary doctorate 1710, University of Glasgow) was a socially and politically influential New England Puritan minister, prolific author, and pamphleteer.	Cotton Mather	University of Glasgow
educated at	Amanda Auchter received her Bachelor of Arts degree in Creative Writing and English (magna cum laude) from the University of Houston, where she worked as an editorial assistant at Gulf Coast:	Amanda Auchter	University of Houston
educated at	Michael Nobel has a lengthy educational background which began at Harvard Business School in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Michael Nobel	Harvard Business School
educated at	Born in Kent, United Kingdom, Geoffrey Paterson was educated at The Judd School, St John's College, Cambridge, the RSAMD and the National Opera Studio.	Geoffrey Paterson	St John's College
educated at	Tamiko Thiel attended Stanford University and graduated with a B.S. in Product Design Engineering with an emphasis on human factors design in 1979.	Tamiko Thiel	Stanford University
educated at	Frederick B. Chary is an American historian, emeritus professor of history at Indiana University Northwest, College of Arts and Sciences.	Frederick B. Chary	Indiana University
educated at	Raised in a poor family in small towns of Northern Illinois, Ronald Reagan graduated from Eureka College in 1932 and worked as a sports announcer on several regional radio stations.	Ronald Reagan	Eureka College
educated at	After graduating from Christ Church, Oxford, in 1887, Aubyn Trevor-Battye travelled widely in North America and Europe, studying ornithology, shooting game and fishing.	Aubyn Trevor-Battye	Christ Church
educated at	James P. Leary received his B.A. in literature from the University of Notre Dame in 1972.	James P. Leary	University of Notre Dame
educated at	Ed Whitmore is an alumnus of Westfield College.	Ed Whitmore	Westfield College
educated at	Harriet Cohen was born in London and studied piano at the Royal Academy of Music under Tobias Matthay, having won the Ada Lewis scholarship at the age of 12 followed by the Sterndale Bennett Prize in 1913.	Harriet Cohen	Royal Academy of Music
educated at	Vance George graduated from Goshen College and Indiana University, and was awarded an honorary doctorate in 1997 by Kent State University.	Vance George	Goshen College
educated at	George Eman Vaillant (/vəˈlænt/; born 1934) is an American psychiatrist and Professor at Harvard Medical School and Director of Research for the Department of Psychiatry, Brigham and Women's Hospital.	George Eman Vaillant	Harvard Medical School
educated at	Carol Rodland is an American viola player who studied with Karen Tuttle at the Juilliard School.	Carol Rodland	Juilliard School
educated at	Tso Wung-wai completed his bachelor's degree in biochemistry at CUHK, took an M.Sc in Miami, and went on to study for his Ph.D at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison.	Tso Wung-wai	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
educated at	Frank Cameron Jackson AO (born 1943) is an Australian philosopher, currently Distinguished Professor and former Director of the Research School of Social Sciences at Australian National University.	Frank Cameron Jackson	Australian National University
educated at	The Ex-Students' Association of The University of Texas (more commonly known as Texas Exes) is the association of former students of the University of Texas at Austin.	Texas Exes	University of Texas at Austin
educated at	Jonathan DeFelice , O.S.B. is the former President of Saint Anselm College in Goffstown, New Hampshire.	Jonathan DeFelice	Saint Anselm College
educated at	Hale Horatio Shephard was the son of John Shephard and was educated at Eton and Balliol College, Oxford.	Hale Horatio Shephard	Balliol College
educated at	Ken Keeler studied applied mathematics at Harvard University, graduating summa cum laude in 1983.	Ken Keeler	Harvard University
educated at	Antonio Marcegaglia obtained an honours degree in business studies from Milan's Luigi Bocconi University in 1987 and joined the Marcegaglia full-time a few days later.	Antonio Marcegaglia	Bocconi University
educated at	The Texas Tech Alumni Association is the alumni association for former students of Texas Tech University.	Texas Tech Alumni Association	Texas Tech University
educated at	Steve studied photojournalism with Walker Evans at Yale University (B. Sc 1969) Steve Dunwell created Back Bay Press in 1994.	Steve Dunwell	Yale University
educated at	Constantine Finehouse was born in St. Petersburg, Russia, and attended New England Conservatory, Juilliard and Yale University.	Constantine Finehouse	Yale University
educated at	Yve Laris Cohen graduated from the Columbia University School of the Arts with an MFA in Visual Arts in 2011 and received a BA in Dance & Performance Studies/Art Practice from the University of California Berkeley in 2008.	Yve Laris Cohen	Columbia University School of the Arts
educated at	Born in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Richard Revesz graduated summa cum laude in Civil Engineering and Public Affairs from Princeton University and received an M.S. in Civil Engineering from Massachusetts Institute of Technology.	Richard Revesz	Princeton University
educated at	Maurice Audin (14 February 1932 -- after 11 June 1957) was a French mathematics assistant at the University of Algiers, a member of the Algerian Communist Party and an activist in the anticolonialist cause, who was one of the ``disappeared'' during the Battle of Algiers.	Maurice Audin	University of Algiers
educated at	Robert McKay was born in Wichita, Kansas in 1919, and received his Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Kansas in 1940, and his Juris Doctor from Yale Law School.	Robert McKay	Yale Law School
educated at	Jero majored in information science at University of Pittsburgh and graduated in 2003, and moved to Japan in the same year.	Jero	University of Pittsburgh
educated at	Jonah Schnel graduated with a Bachelor of Arts summa cum laude from Tulane University.	Jonah Schnel	Tulane University
educated at	David Wooster King was a student at Harvard University from 1912--1914, and subsequently enlisted in the French Foreign Legion in August 1917.	David Wooster King	Harvard University
educated at	After he concluded his studies at ``The Hewett School'' in Norwich, Ralph Cupper studied at the Royal Academy of Music in London.	Ralph Cupper	Royal Academy of Music
educated at	Lloyd Hartman Elliott (May 21, 1918 -- January 1, 2013) was President of George Washington University from 1965 to 1988.	Lloyd Hartman Elliott	George Washington University
educated at	Ormond Simkins (May 16, 1879 -- December 4, 1921) was an American football and baseball player for the Sewanee Tigers of Sewanee: The University of the South.	Ormond Simkins	Sewanee: The University of the South
educated at	China Forbes attended Phillips Exeter Academy ('88), then studied visual arts at Harvard University, where she met fellow student Thomas Lauderdale, a classically trained pianist.	China Forbes	Harvard University
educated at	Born to primary school teachers, Henri Richelet first attended the École des Beaux-Arts in Nancy, then the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts in Paris.	Henri Richelet	École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts
educated at	Townsend Saunders (born April 20, 1967) is an Olympic silver medalist in wrestling who was a two-time All-American at Arizona State University.	Townsend Saunders	Arizona State University
educated at	His grandfather, William Cogswell was a Surgeon's mate in the Revolutionary War who practiced medicine in Atkinson, New Hampshire, and gave land for the Atkinson Academy.	William Cogswell	Atkinson Academy
educated at	Reza Mansouri received his Ph.D. in 1972 from the University of Vienna under Roman Ulrich Sexl.	Reza Mansouri	University of Vienna
educated at	Pabitra Kumar Giri (1955 -- May 20, 2010) was an Indian urban economist, who during 1998--2010, served as the Director of the Centre for Urban Economic Studies at the University of Calcutta in Kolkata, India.	Pabitra Kumar Giri	University of Calcutta
educated at	Camille Pelletan was educated in Paris, passed as licentiate in laws, and studied at the École Nationale des Chartes where he was qualified as an ``archiviste paléographe''.	Camille Pelletan	École Nationale des Chartes
educated at	Marimba Ani completed her BA degree at the University of Chicago, and holds MA and Ph.D. degrees in anthropology from the Graduate Faculty of the New School University.	Marimba Ani	University of Chicago
educated at	Benjamin Bond Cabbell FRS DL (1782/3 -- 9 December 1874), British politician and philanthropist He was educated at Westminster School.	Benjamin Bond Cabbell	Westminster School
educated at	John Cottisford (died c.1540) was an English churchman and academic, Rector of Lincoln College, Oxford from 1518.	John Cottisford	Lincoln College
educated at	Alumni of the École normale supérieure de Saint-Cloud (sciences) (1965), Jacques Prost studied at Harvard University and founded and head (1987--1995) the ``Theoretical Physico-Chemistry'' Group of the ESPCI ParisTech under the direction of Pierre-Gilles de Gennes.	Jacques Prost	Harvard University
educated at	George Barclay Richardson was born in 1924 and educated at Aberdeen Central Secondary School before studying at the University of Aberdeen, receiving a Bachelor of Science degree in Physics and Mathematics in 1944.	George Barclay Richardson	University of Aberdeen
educated at	José Zalaquett graduated from the law school of the University of Chile in 1967.	José Zalaquett	University of Chile
educated at	Vadim Cojocaru graduated from Moldova State University in 1982 and got his PhD in 1992.	Vadim Cojocaru	Moldova State University
educated at	Clark Gilbert is the 16th and current president of Brigham Young University--	Clark Gilbert	Brigham Young University
educated at	Cecil Chaudhry was schooled at St. Anthony's, before pursuing higher studies at the Forman Christian College, Lahore where he received his B.S. in physics.	Cecil Chaudhry	Forman Christian College
educated at	After studying at the École Polytechnique, Robert Aymar entered the Corps des Poudres (a former government agency involved in basic and applied research).	Robert Aymar	École Polytechnique
educated at	Tomislav Sunić received a doctorate in political science in 1988 from the University of California, Santa Barbara.	Tomislav Sunić	University of California, Santa Barbara
educated at	Jorge Semprún enrolled there at the Lycée Henri IV and later the Sorbonne.	Jorge Semprún	Lycée Henri IV
educated at	Louise Fresco was appointed as President of the Executive Board of Wageningen University and Research Centre from 1 July 2014.	Louise Fresco	Wageningen University and Research Centre
educated at	Humphrey Owen (1702 -- 26 March 1768) was the Principal of Jesus College, Oxford from 1763 to his death.	Humphrey Owen	Jesus College
educated at	A 1985 graduate of Princeton University, Andrew Szanton worked for several years as an oral historian for the Smithsonian Institution before becoming an author.	Andrew Szanton	Princeton University
educated at	Louise Chawla's interest in children's informal learning in their communities led her to a masters in Education and Child Development from Bryn Mawr College, followed by a doctorate in Environmental Psychology from the City University of New York.	Louise Chawla	Bryn Mawr College
educated at	Gustavo Cardoso is a Professor of Media, Technology and Society at ISCTE - Lisbon University Institute.	Gustavo Cardoso	ISCTE - Lisbon University Institute
educated at	Steven Doane is currently cellist of the Los Angeles Piano Quartet and Professor of Cello at the Eastman School of Music in Rochester N.Y. where he has taught for the past 25 years.	Steven Doane	Eastman School of Music
educated at	Katsuhiko Oku (奥 克彦 Oku Katsuhiko, January 3, 1958 - November 29, 2003) was a Japanese diplomat who played rugby for Oxford and Waseda University.	Katsuhiko Oku	Waseda University
educated at	Jaideep Prabhu holds a BTech degree from the Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi and a PhD from the University of Southern California.	Jaideep Prabhu	Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi	University of Southern California
educated at	Ivan Ilchev (Bulgarian: Иван Илчев), Ph.D. in history, is the current rector of Sofia University, the oldest and biggest higher education facility in Bulgaria.	Ivan Ilchev	Sofia University
educated at	Olli-Pekka Kallasvuo holds a master's degree in law (LL.M.) from the University of Helsinki.	Olli-Pekka Kallasvuo	University of Helsinki
educated at	Prasenjit Biswas teaches Philosophy at North Eastern Hill University, Shillong.	Prasenjit Biswas	North Eastern Hill University
educated at	Lily Garafulic began attending the School of Fine Arts at the University of Chile in 1934, where she studied under the sculptor Lorenzo Domínguez.	Lily Garafulic	University of Chile
educated at	Khoshbakht Yusifzadeh graduated from the Azerbaijani Institute of Industry (now: Azerbaijan State Oil Academy) in 1952.	Khoshbakht Yusifzadeh	Azerbaijan State Oil Academy
educated at	Pierre Gandon studied in Paris at the École Estienne, then at the École des Beaux-Arts.	Pierre Gandon	École Estienne
educated at	Sir Chhotu Ram was the first Stephanian (St. Stephen's College, Delhi) to be knighted in 1937.	Chhotu Ram	St. Stephen's College
educated at	Helge Haavind finished his secondary education in 1935, attended Oslo Commerce School to 1936 and graduated from the University of Oslo with the cand.jur.	Helge Haavind	University of Oslo
educated at	Patrick E. Hobbs (born March 29, 1960) was named the dean of the Seton Hall University School of Law in 1999.	Patrick E. Hobbs	Seton Hall University
educated at	Bertram Thomas was born in Pill near Bristol and educated at Trinity College, Cambridge.	Bertram Thomas	Trinity College
educated at	William C. Gribble, Jr. (born May 24, 1917 in Ironwood, Michigan -- June 2, 1979) graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1941 and was commissioned in the Corps of Engineers.	William C. Gribble, Jr.	United States Military Academy
educated at	Edan Lepucki grew up in Los Angeles, California and graduated from Oberlin College and the University of Iowa Writers'' Workshop.	Edan Lepucki	Oberlin College
educated at	The son of L. S. H. Hammick, Dalziel Hammick was educated at Whitgift School, Magdalen College, Oxford (where he was a demy), and at the University of Munich.	Dalziel Hammick	Magdalen College
educated at	Born on 18 July 1839, James Surtees Phillpotts was educated at Winchester College and at New College, Oxford, where he was elected as a Fellow.	James Surtees Phillpotts	Winchester College
educated at	Robert Bruce Raup (March 21, 1888 -- April 13, 1976), was a Professor in the Philosophy of Education, Teachers College, Columbia University.	Robert Bruce Raup	Teachers College	Columbia University
educated at	At the age of 20, Ibrahim Shihata graduated with a BA in law from Cairo University Law School at the top of his class.	Ibrahim Shihata	Cairo University
educated at	Susan Houde-Walter has an undergraduate degree in studio arts from Sarah Lawrence College and a Ph.D. from the Institute of Optics, University of Rochester.	Susan Houde-Walter	Sarah Lawrence College	University of Rochester
educated at	He is currently an attorney at Pepper Hamilton LLP in Washington, DC. Anant Raut is a graduate of Yale University and Harvard Law School.	Anant Raut	Yale University	Harvard Law School
educated at	His son Charles Kay Ogden was educated at Buxton and Rossall, winning a scholarship to Magdalene College, Cambridge and coming up to read Classics in 1908.	Charles Kay Ogden	Magdalene College
educated at	Baruch Simon is an Orthodox rabbi and rosh yeshiva at Yeshiva University in Washington Heights, Manhattan, New York.	Baruch Simon	Yeshiva University
educated at	Dillwyn Parrish studied art in Philadelphia, then attended Harvard University, where he made the acquaintance of Conrad Aiken and E. E. Cummings.	Dillwyn Parrish	Harvard University
employer	Mary Tinetti is an American physician, and Gladys Phillips Crofoot Professor of Medicine and Epidemiology and Public Health at Yale University, and Director of the Yale Program on Aging.	Mary Tinetti	Yale University
father	Robert Montagu, 3rd Duke of Manchester (c. 1710 -- 10 May 1762) was the son of Charles Montagu, 1st Duke of Manchester.	Robert Montagu, 3rd Duke of Manchester	Charles Montagu, 1st Duke of Manchester
inception	The Australian Progressive Alliance (APA) was a minor liberal party in Australia, formed by Meg Lees, an independent senator and former leader of the Australian Democrats, in April 2003.	Australian Progressive Alliance	2003
inception	Chongqing Jiaotong University was founded in 1951 as a university with engineering being the primary focus.	Chongqing Jiaotong University	1951
inception	The Used is an American rock band from Orem, Utah, formed in 2001.	The Used	2001
inception	Together they formed the Air Miles Travel Promotions Limited in 1986 and sold 51% of the UK operation to British Airways soon after.	Air Miles	1986
inception	The Permanent Peoples' Tribunal is an international opinion tribunal founded in Bologna (Italy) on June 24, 1979 at the initiative of Senator Lelio Basso.	Permanent Peoples' Tribunal	1979
inception	The Manufaktura opened on 17 May 2006, after 5 years of planning and the subsequent 4 years of construction.	Manufaktura	2006
inception	Buck-O-Nine is an American ska punk band which was formed in San Diego in 1991.	Buck-O-Nine	1991
inception	CICAP (Comitato Italiano per il Controllo delle Affermazioni sulle Pseudoscienze; in English Italian Committee for the Investigation of Claims of the Pseudosciences) is an Italian, non-profit, skeptic educational organization, founded in 1989.	CICAP	1989
inception	Parents Action League (PAL) is a citizens organization started in 2010 to oppose changes in the Anoka-Hennepin (Minnesota) School District 11 policy which limited discussions of lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) issues in district classrooms.	Parents Action League	2010
inception	The Association for the Behavioral Sciences and Medical Education (ABSAME - http://www.absame.org ) was founed in 1975 as an interdisciplinary professional society dedicated to strengthening behavioral science teaching in medical schools, residency programs, and in continuing medical education.	Association for the Behavioral Sciences and Medical Education	1975
inception	The Central and East European Management Development Association (CEEMAN) was established in 1993 with the aim of fostering management development and management education development in CEE region.	Central and East European Management Development Association	1993
inception	EIDR is administered by the non-profit EIDR Association, which was founded in October 2010 by MovieLabs, CableLabs, Comcast and Rovi.	EIDR	2010
inception	Lotte Confectionery was established in 1967 and its plants are located in Seoul, Daejeon, Yangsan, Pyeongtaek and Siheung.Currently, it is the third largest chewing gum manufacturer in the world.	Lotte Confectionery	1967
inception	The Environmental Protection Department (EPD) was created in 1986 to co-ordinate and carry out pollution prevention and control activities.	Environmental Protection Department	1986
inception	Inter Revisjon was established in December 1985, and is wholly owned by its Norwegian members.	Inter Revisjon	1985
inception	ARY Zauq launched in 2009 and was available on Paksat 1 satellite at 38.0°E, free to air.	ARY Zauq	2009
inception	The Hebrew Actors' Union was officially founded in 1899 by Jewish labor leader Joseph Barondess, who had been sent by the United Hebrew Trades to aid striking actors at the People's Theatre.	Hebrew Actors' Union	1899
inception	Empyria is a progressive power metal band, formed in 1991 by Mike Kischnick, Paul Falcon, and Simon Adam in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Empyria	1991
inception	The village of Lyudinovo was first mentioned in 1626.	Lyudinovo	1626
inception	Radio Cardiff 98.7 FM began live broadcasting on Monday 8 October 2007.	Radio Cardiff	2007
inception	The Air War School Klotzsche was built in 1935 according to the design by Ernst Sagebiel together with the architect Walter and John Krüger.	Air War School Klotzsche	1935
inception	The Moscow Symphony Orchestra is a non-state-supported Russian symphony orchestra, founded in 1989 by the sisters Ellen and Marina Levine.	Moscow Symphony Orchestra	1989
inception	On 1 January 1962, Madair took over service to some 58 points in Madagascar, and on 14 October the name of the airline was changed to Air Madagascar, because of a negative image of the name Madair.	Air Madagascar	1962
inception	The Daughters of the Cross of Liège (French: Filles de la Croix) are Religious Sisters in the Catholic Church who are members of a religious congregation founded in 1833 by the Blessed Marie Thérèse Haze, F.C. (1782--1876).	Daughters of the Cross	1833
inception	Today Is Vintage was founded by Swedish artist and entrepreneur Rebstar in 2012 after disbanding his former label 2fresh Records.	Today Is Vintage	2012
inception	The Estonian National Independence Party (Estonian: Eesti Rahvusliku Sõltumatuse Partei), commonly abbreviated ERSP, was a nationalist political party founded in August 1988 in what was then the Estonian SSR.	Estonian National Independence Party	1988
inception	AAI Corporation originated as Aircraft Armaments, Inc. in August 1950, founded by six aviation and defense industry professionals.	AAI Corporation	1950
inception	The station formally signed on the air as WWSI on January 17, 2001, and acquired the Telemundo affiliation (originally seen on WTGI -- channel 61, now WPPX -- until 1998, then WTVE -- channel 51 -- in Reading, Pennsylvania from 1998 to 2000).	WWSI	2001
inception	Politehnica University of Timișoara (Romanian: Universitatea Politehnica Timișoara) is a public university founded on November 11, 1920.	Politehnica University of Timișoara	1920
inception	Wacker Bernburg was a German association football club from the city of Bernburg, Saxony that was established in 1910 as Fußball Club Wacker Bernburg.	Wacker Bernburg	1910
inception	Sparkman & Stephens Inc was formally created on November 11, 1929, with five partners:	Sparkman & Stephens	1929
inception	The European Fencing Confederation (EFC; French: Confédération européenne d'escrime, CEE) is an international body created in 1991, charged with the promotion and development of fencing in Europe.	European Fencing Confederation	1991
inception	Oxfam Canada, founded in 1963, is an international development agency based in Canada, and is a registered charity (OXFAM CANADA 129716866RR0001).	Oxfam Canada	1963
inception	Teddy's Bigger Burgers is a fast-casual hamburger restaurant chain and franchise based in Hawaii that was established in 1998.	Teddy's Bigger Burgers	1998
inception	The Society of Free Christians is small group of liberal Christians founded in 1999 by the Reverend Stephen Callander, the late Ivan Franks and others, very broadly in the spirit of the earlier Society of Free Catholics to promote liturgical 'catholic' worship within liberal Christian, non-credal, non-judgemental theology.	Society of Free Christians	1999
inception	Okay Airways was established in June 2004 and in February 2005 received an aviation carrier business license from the Civil Aviation Administration of China (CAAC).	Okay Airways	2004
inception	Chef Marcus Ashenford had previously held a Michelin star at the Chavignol restaurant, purchased 5 North St for £56,000 in 2002 and moved in on 15 January 2003.	5 North St	2003
inception	BenQ-Siemens was the mobile communications subsidiary of Taiwanese BenQ Corp. The division was formed out of BenQ's acquisition of the then struggling Siemens Mobile group in 2005.	BenQ-Siemens	2005
inception	The municipalities of Éclagnens, Goumoens-la-Ville and Goumoens-le-Jux merged on 1 July 2011 into the new municipality of Goumoëns.	Goumoëns	1 July 2011
inception	From its launch in 2001 until the start of 2006, QuikAir had operated more than 25,000 flights between Calgary and Edmonton;	QuikAir	2001
inception	Brutal Knights are a Canadian punk band formed in 2006 in Toronto.	Brutal Knights	2006
inception	Dixie Witch is a Texas-based hard rock trio formed by guitarist Clayton Mills, drummer/vocalist Trinidad Leal, and bassist/vocalist Curt Christensen in 1999.	Dixie Witch	1999
inception	Calvin Academy was a private K-12 school operated by Dr. Stanford Calvin since 1985.	Calvin Academy	1985
inception	Cone Five was an indie noise-pop band from Winnipeg, Manitoba, active from 1999 to 2006.	Cone Five	1999
inception	SGL Carbon AG originated in 1992 from a merger between SIGRI GmbH (Germany) and Great Lakes Carbon (USA) to share a company according to German law.	SGL Carbon	1992
inception	GrabCAD was founded in Estonia in 2009 by current CEO, Hardi Meybaum, and Indrek Narusk as a marketplace to connect engineers with CAD-related jobs.	GrabCAD	2009
inception	TVBS Entertainment Channel (formerly TVBS-G) is a satellite television channel in the Taiwan, launched on September 12, 1994.	TVBS Entertainment Channel	1994
inception	Lambda Beta Society was formed in 1986 and has over 100 chapters in the United States as of 2011.	Lambda Beta Society	1986
inception	The Technical University of Gabrovo is a state university in Gabrovo, Bulgaria, founded in 1964.	Technical University of Gabrovo	1964
inception	Retail Ventures was a holding company originally created in 2003 for DSW (NYSE: DSW), Filene's Basement, and Value City Department Stores.	Retail Ventures	2003
inception	Action Synthese was a French Animation Studio and a Production Company founded in 1998 and folded in 2013.	Action Synthese	1998
inception	The Philip Jones Brass Ensemble, founded in 1951 by trumpeter Philip Jones, was one of the first modern classical brass ensembles to be formed.	Philip Jones Brass Ensemble	1951
inception	Girls' Generation officially debuted on August 5, 2007 with its debut single ``Into the New World'' and subsequently gained some attention with their self-titled debut album.	Girls' Generation	2007
inception	Golf Australia is the governing body for the sport of golf in Australia, formed in 2006 after the Australian Golf Union (AGU) and Women's Golf Australia (WGA) agreed to merge.	Golf Australia	2006
inception	Baba Jagdev Yadav Degree College is a public school in India founded in 2013.	Baba Jagdev Yadav Degree College	2013
inception	The first Summer Camp Music Festival was held in 2001 at Three Sisters Park in Chillicothe, IL.	Summer Camp Music Festival	2001
inception	The Cornwall Aces were the AHL affiliate of the NHL's Quebec Nordiques from 1993 to 1995 and the relocated Colorado Avalanche in 1995--96.	Cornwall Aces	1993
inception	WDBM began broadcasting in 1989 with the moniker Impact 89FM, a name it still uses today.	WDBM	1989
inception	The Community of Madrid Orchestra (Spanish: Orquesta de la Comunidad de Madrid), founded in 1987, is a symphony orchestra in Madrid, Spain.	Community of Madrid Orchestra	1987
inception	Davis Food City was a supermarket chain headquartered Houston, Texas, United States, founded in 1965 and closed in 2007.	Davis Food City	1965
inception	The Technical College, Basrah was established in 1994 in Basrah southern Iraq, belongs to Iraqi Foundation of Technical Education.	Technical College, Basrah	1994
inception	Hong Kong 08 (Chinese: 香港08) was a football team from Hong Kong, which competed in the Hong Kong First Division between 2002 and 2007.	Hong Kong 08	2002
inception	However, it was not until 1982 that the MHRC was officially established after the Manitoba Health Research Council Act was passed by the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba.	Manitoba Health Research Council	1982
inception	The Dresden Monarchs were formed in January 1992 and entered in the Aufbauliga Ost the following year, the lowest possible league in the region.	Dresden Monarchs	1992
inception	Ponca Jazz Records (initiated 2004 in Kristiansand, Norway is a record label founded by Hilde Hefte.	Ponca Jazz Records	2004
inception	This Will Destroy You, often abbreviated to TWDY, is an American post-rock band from San Marcos, Texas, formed in 2005.	This Will Destroy You	2005
inception	It was created in 2008 when the former Borkou-Ennedi-Tibesti Region was split into three, with the Tibesti Department becoming the Tibesti Region.	Tibesti Region	2008
inception	Formed in 1996 from a merger between Opta Sportsdata and SportingStatz, Opta analyses, stores and distributes live sports data for over 60,000 fixtures across 30 sports in 70 countries.	Opta Sports	1996
inception	James Lick High School opened its doors in 1950 at the base of the East Foothills of San Jose, CA.	James Lick High School	1950
inception	Beginning in 2001, Shadowside entered the Brazilian metal scene with a stage act that incited a buzz around the band.	Shadowside	2001
inception	The concept of a professional ``First Naval Lord'' was introduced in 1805 and the title of the First Naval Lord was changed to ``First Sea Lord'' on the appointment of Sir Jackie Fisher in 1904.	First Sea Lord	1904
inception	The Tel Aviv Zoo was a zoo founded in 1938 and located in central Tel Aviv, Israel.	Tel Aviv Zoo	1938
inception	Twins Affair recorded their first album in 1999 tagged ``Egunje has sploit everything''.	Twins Affair	1999
inception	NEC Corporation of America was formed on 1 July 2006, from the combined operations of NEC America, NEC Solutions America and NEC USA.	NEC Corporation of America	2006
inception	Miss World Guam was founded in 2011.A separate pageant was launched in 2011 to focused on Miss World only and not other International Pageants .	Miss World Guam	2011
inception	Vocus was a public relations software company based in Beltsville, Maryland, United States, serving clients worldwide from 1992 to 2014.	Vocus	1992
inception	Guotai Junan Securities Co. Ltd., was established on August 18, 1999 after the merger of former Guotai Securities Co. Ltd. (founded on September 10, 1992) and Junan Securities Co. Ltd. (founded on August 25, 1992), currently with registered capital of RMB 6.1 billion.	Guotai Junan Securities	1992
inception	The Grammy Award for Best Performance Music Video was an honor presented to recording artists at the 30th Grammy Awards in 1988 and the 31st Grammy Awards in 1989 for quality performance music videos.	Grammy Award for Best Performance Music Video	1988
inception	Stereos was a Juno nominated pop band from Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, formed in 2008.	Stereos	2008
inception	The Kiel Society for Film Music Research was founded by a group of musicologists and film and media scholars in 2006 at Kiel University in Germany.	Kiel Society for Film Music Research	2006
inception	Touax was formed on 14 July 1853 as ``Compagnie de Touage de la Basse Seine et de l’Oise''.	Touax	1853
inception	An engineering joint venture, Neste Jacobs, was established with the American Jacobs Engineering in 2004.	Neste	2004
inception	Full Time Hobby is an independent record label formed in London in January 2004.	Full Time Hobby	2004
inception	Immortal Souls is a melodic death metal band from Kokkola, Finland, formed in 1991.	Immortal Souls	1991
inception	It was begun in 1938 with 142 hectares (350 acres) set aside, and additions over time brought it to 811 hectares (2,000 acres) and in 1990 it was amalgamated with the Springbrook National Park.	Springbrook National Park	1990
inception	The Nikon D3000 is a 10.2-megapixel DX format DSLR Nikon F-mount camera announced by Nikon on 30 July 2009.	Nikon D3000	2009
inception	Revco, originally known as Registered Vitamin Company, was founded in 1956 in Detroit, Michigan by Sidney Dworkin and Bernie Shulman.	Revco	1956
inception	Galileo Magnet High School opened in September 2002 in Danville Public School's District.	Galileo Magnet High School	2002
inception	The first SpoCon was held in 2008 at Gonzaga University.	SpoCon	2008
inception	Bloomfield Science Museum is a science museum in Jerusalem, Israel, established in 1992.	Bloomfield Science Museum	1992
inception	The company was founded in 1945, just a few weeks after the end of World War II, by Fritz Sennheiser (1912--2010) and seven fellow engineers of the University of Hannover in a laboratory called Laboratorium Wennebostel (shortened, ``Lab W'').	Sennheiser	1945
inception	Formed in 1999 by Randy Butman (Silhaven), Jay Fossen, Erin ``Goat'' Fuller (Cryptic Winds) and Richard Brunelle (ex-Morbid Angel guitarist), as Swollen, Paths of Possession is a solid mix of traditional heavy metal with influences of Swedish melodic death metal.	Paths of Possession	1999
inception	Steffen Zopf founded No Colours Records in 1993 as a label and mail order for black metal records and merchandise.	No Colours Records	1993
inception	Sweet Velvet was a Japanese pop and rock band, formed in 1998 and disbanded in 2001.	Sweet Velvet	1998
inception	Christine Fabiani founded Knots of Love in 2007 and serves as the organization's Executive Director.	Knots of Love	2007
inception	The Speedcar Series Championship was a stock car racing series that was active from January 2008 to June 2009 across two championship seasons.	Speedcar Series	2008
inception	The Shondes formed in 2006 and have released two demos and four full-length studio albums.	The Shondes	2006
inception	The Nature Institute is located in rural Ghent, New York and was founded in 1998 by Craig Holdrege and Steven Talbott.	The Nature Institute	1998
inception	Bizz Nizz was a Belgian dance act formed in 1989 by Jean-Paul de Coster of Antwerp.	Bizz Nizz	1989
inception	KJJF, with its transmitter located in Lozano, signed on the air in April 1991 as KMBH-FM and began airing NPR programming in June of the same year.	KJJF	1991
inception	Epsilon Tau Pi (ΕΤΠ) was founded in 1999 at the University of Dayton in Dayton, Ohio.	Epsilon Tau Pi	1999
inception	In 2015, MyNetworkTV listed K30MF-D to become the MyNetworkTV affiliate for the Jonesboro area in the near future.	K30MF-D	2015
inception	China Civil Engineering Construction Corporation Ltd. (CCECC, simplified Chinese: 中国土木工程集团有限公司; traditional Chinese: 中國土木工程集團有限公司) was established in 1979 according to the approval of the State Council of the People's Republic of China.	China Civil Engineering Construction Corporation	1979
inception	Speakeasy Comics was a Canadian publishing company of comic books and graphic novels which operated from 2004--2006.	Speakeasy Comics	2004
inception	The Roger Award For The Worst Transnational Corporation Operating in New Zealand is an annual media campaign run since 1997 by two activist organisations, Campaign Against Foreign Control of Aotearoa and GATT Watchdog.	Roger Award	1997
inception	Pharmasset was founded in 1998 by Raymond Schinazi and Dennis Liotta, scientists at Emory University.	Pharmasset	1998
inception	The Screaming Jets are an Australian hard rock band formed in Newcastle, Australia in 1989 by front man Dave Gleeson on vocals, Grant Walmsley on guitar and Paul Woseen on bass guitar and backing vocals.	The Screaming Jets	1989
inception	The Israeli Andalusian Orchestra- Ashdod (Hebrew: התזמורת האנדלוסית הישראלית ‎ Arabic: الأوركسترا الإسرائيلية الأندلسية‎) is an award-winning Israeli orchestra founded in 1994 in Ashdod, Israel.	Israeli Andalusian Orchestra	1994
inception	Bersuit Vergarabat is an Argentine rock band that formed formally in 1988.	Bersuit Vergarabat	1988
inception	The Kurdistan Democratic Party of Syria (Kurdish: Partiya Demokrat a Kurdistanê li Sûriyê Kurdish: پارتی دیموکراتی کوردستان سووری‎; Arabic: حزب الديمقراطي کوردستان في سوريا‎ Hizb Al-Dimuqrati Kurdistan fi Suriya), commonly known as KDPS, is a Kurdish Syrian political party founded in 1957 by Kurdish nationalists in northern Syria.	Kurdistan Democratic Party of Syria	1957
inception	Portland Taiko was created in early 1994 by Ann Ishimaru and Zack Semke, both charter members of Stanford Taiko, Kyle Kajihiro, Valerie Otani, Kenji Spielman, and June Arima Schumann.	Portland Taiko	1994
inception	Fast Ryde was founded in 2008 by Jody Stevens and James Harrison, natives of West Virginia and Florida, respectively.	Fast Ryde	2008
inception	Triptych of Nava and Grimon is a Flemish painting, dated 1546.	Triptych of Nava and Grimon	1546
inception	Eclipse Records was founded in 1997 by owner Chris Poland.	Eclipse Records	1997
inception	Humanifesto was a Canadian hardcore punk music group from Montreal formed in 2004 by singer / bassist Phil Campeau and singer / guitarist Franck Chevrier, and which was active between 2004 and 2011.	Humanifesto	2004
inception	Founded in 1999, MissionFish is the partner charity of eBay, which runs auction and shopping websites in 30 countries.	MissionFish	1999
inception	Islington Museum opened in May 2008, funded by a £1million grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund.	Islington Museum	2008
inception	In 1985 the Cleave family brought back the MAS name with a new aviation company under a new AOC that became known as Mombasa Air Safari.	Mombasa Air Safari	1985
inception	L'Abbaye de Créteil or Abbaye group (French: Groupe de l'Abbaye) was a utopian artistic and literary community founded during the month of October, 1906.	Abbaye de Créteil	1906
inception	Meridiano Televisión was created in 1996 as a privately owned television network in Venezuela, exclusively dedicated to national and international sports.	Meridiano Televisión	1996
inception	Imaginary Johnny is an American indie-rock band, formed in 2003 in Seattle, Washington, by singer-songwriter Stuart Wolferman and later based in Brooklyn, New York.	Imaginary Johnny	2003
inception	The Victoria Cross for Australia was created by letters patent signed by Elizabeth II, Queen of Australia, on 15 January 1991.	Victoria Cross for Australia	1991
inception	The Zenith Brass is a group of 30 talented youth brass and percussion players formed in 1995.	Zenith Brass	1995
inception	Big Game TV (stylised as BIG Game TV!) was a live phone-in quiz channel that was broadcast via Sky Broadcasting in 2005.	Big Game TV	2005
inception	The Kalamazoo Jr. K-Wings began its inaugural season in 2011.	Kalamazoo Jr. K-Wings	2011
inception	The New York Watercolor Club (NYWC) was founded in New York City in 1890 as the New York Water Color Club, that accepted men and women artists as members and officers.	New York Watercolor Club	1890
inception	The Scottish Premiership was established in July 2013, after the Scottish Professional Football League was formed by a merger of the Scottish Premier League and Scottish Football League.	Scottish Premiership	2013
inception	Miserylab is the main music project of Porl King, formed in the late nineties after the disbanding of Rosetta Stone in 1998.	Miserylab	1998
inception	The Academic Free License (AFL) is a permissive free software license written in 2002 by Lawrence E. Rosen, a former general counsel of the Open Source Initiative (OSI).	Academic Free License	2002
inception	The museum was established in 1975 by a volunteer organization named the Atlantic Canada Aviation Museum Society.	Atlantic Canada Aviation Museum	1975
inception	Zolty Cracker, was a Canadian band formed in 1989 based out of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Zolty Cracker	1989
inception	It is open to the public from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. The Lexington Cemetery was established in 1849 as a place of beauty and a public cemetery, in part to deal with burials from the cholera epidemic in the area.	Lexington Cemetery	1849
inception	The Confederation des Travailleurs Haïtiens (CTH) was founded in 1998 to provide a space for Haitian workers to organize collectively and promote a progressive agenda, such as opposing the privatization plans of international financial institutions.	Confederation des Travailleurs Haïtiens	1998
inception	Grand Theft Audio was an alternative rock band formed in London, England in 1998.	Grand Theft Audio	1998
inception	In 1803, President Thomas Jefferson commissioned the Corps of Discovery, and named as its leader his personal secretary and U.S. Army Captain, Meriwether Lewis, who selected William Clark as his partner.	Corps of Discovery	1803
inception	The Merseyside Development Corporation was a central government-appointed Development Corporation set up in 1981 by Margaret Thatcher's government to regenerate the Mersey docks of Liverpool, Bootle, Wallasey and Birkenhead.	Merseyside Development Corporation	1981
inception	LG Life Sciences(LGLS) spun off from LG Chem Investment as a full-fledged LG Group Affiliate in August 2002.	LG Life Sciences	2002
inception	Minnesota Life College is a non-profit organization that was founded in 1996 by Bev and Roe Hatlen, co-founders of Old Country Buffet.	Minnesota Life College	1996
inception	Feiglin and Sackett established Zo Artzeinu in December 1993, after the Knesset of Israel banned the Kach party movement in Israel.	Zo Artzeinu	1993
inception	Finnvera was founded in 1999 through a merger of Kera Plc and the Finnish Guarantee Board.	Finnvera	1999
inception	The Honeytraps was the 'girl band' featured in the 2006 reality TV show Boys Will Be Girls, aired on E4.	The Honeytraps	2006
inception	Libera Università Mediterranea (also LUM, L’Università Lum Jean Monnet or Free Mediterranean University) is an Italian private university founded in 1995, in Casamassima, Province of Bari.	Libera Università Mediterranea	1995
inception	The Rover Group plc was the name given in 1986 to the British state-owned company from 1975 vehicle manufacturer BL (formerly British Leyland).	Rover Group	1986
inception	The Wernt were a side project set up by members of British hardcore punk bands Charged GBH and English Dogs in 1997.	The Wernt	1997
inception	Citibank Uganda Limited was established in 1999 and began commercial banking activities following the issuance of a banking licence by the Bank of Uganda, the national central bank and banking regulalor in the country.	Citibank Uganda	1999
inception	Sean Collins co-founded Thames Clippers in 1999 with partner Alan Woods.	Thames Clippers	1999
inception	Amie Street was an indie online music store and social network service created in 2006 by Brown University seniors Elliott Breece, Elias Roman, and Joshua Boltuch, in Providence, Rhode Island.	Amie Street	2006
inception	The Nevada System of Higher Education (NSHE) (formerly the University and Community College System of Nevada ``UCCSN'') was formed in 1968 to oversee all state-supported higher education in the U.S. state of Nevada.	Nevada System of Higher Education	1968
inception	On November 25, 2006, two Paraná state clubs, ADAP, of Campo Mourão city, and Galo Maringá, of Maringá city, fused, and the new club was named Adap Galo Maringá Football Club.	Adap Galo Maringá Football Club	2006
inception	The foundation restored the palace, and since May 2007, it has been open to the public as the Palazzo Falson Historic House Museum.	Palazzo Falson	2007
inception	Zepto Computers A/S was a Danish computer company founded in 2002.	Zepto Computers	2002
inception	Dekema Records was founded by Edward Dekema in 1991 and based out of Woodinville, WA, a suburb of Seattle.	Dekema Records	1991
inception	The Institute of the Regions of Europe (IRE) (German: Institut der Regionen Europas; IRE) is a research institute founded in 2004 by Franz Schausberger, former President of the Land Salzburg.	Institute of the Regions of Europe	2004
inception	In 1998, the subsidiaries were renamed as Bell Pottinger after Frank Lowe demanded that his name be removed.	Bell Pottinger	1998
inception	The party was formed on 15 March 1977 when the Rakah and Non-Partisans parliamentary group changed its name to Hadash in preparation for the 1977 elections.	Hadash	1977
inception	Space Adventures, Ltd. is a Virginia, USA-based space tourism company founded in 1998 by Eric C. Anderson.	Space Adventures	1998
inception	Cosmote launched commercial operations in Greece in April 1998 and reached 1 million subscribers a year later.	Cosmote	1998
inception	The Tanganyika African Association (TAA) was a Tanganyika Territory political association, formed in 1929.	Tanganyika African Association	1929
inception	Klene is a traditional brand of liquorice confectionery, founded in 1876 by Johannes Coenradus Klene in Rotterdam, and sold primarily in the Netherlands.	Klene	1876
inception	New Heights Academy Charter School was founded in 2006 to provide a college preparatory education in a safe and nurturing environment to students in grades 5-12 living in Harlem, Washington Heights and Inwood.	New Heights Academy Charter School	2006
inception	Vision Inspired by the People (VIP) is a political party established in December 2005 in the Cayo District of Belize.	Vision Inspired by the People	2005
inception	Sturmgeist is an experimental black/thrash metal formed by Cornelius Jakhelln in 2002.	Sturmgeist	2002
inception	Init Records (often stylized as INIT) is an American independent record label founded in January 2001 in Mankato, Minnesota by Steven Williams.	Init Records	2001
inception	The channel was launched on September 7, 2001 as MSNBC Canada.	MSNBC Canada	2001
inception	The Gallahads were an American doo-wop band formed in Seattle, Washington, in 1952.	The Gallahads	1952
inception	The Jane Goodall Institute (Hong Kong) (Chinese: 國際珍古德(香港)協會), founded in 2002, was established as a local registered charity involved in the promotion of the well-being of the community, animals and environment.	Jane Goodall Institute (Hong Kong)	2002
inception	Spacehog is an English-American rock band formed in 1994 in New York City.	Spacehog	1994
inception	The Refugee Council originated from two independent organisations, British Council for Aid to Refugees (BCAR) and the Standing Conference on Refugees (SCOR), which were both founded in 1951 following the United Nations Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees.	Refugee Council	1951
inception	Originally based in and licensed to Montmagny, CFEL-FM received its first licence in December 1986 and replaced CKBM 1490, an unrelated station which closed due to a bankruptcy in 1983.	CFEL-FM	1986
inception	The San Pedro Art Association, established in 1936, is an art association set within the Los Angeles Harbor community of California.	San Pedro Art Association	1936
inception	CROC has been working in the Russian IT market since 1992 and today is a partner of Fujitsu, Cisco Systems, Avaya, Microsoft, Oracle, and other global IT companies (over 220 hardware and software vendors).	CROC	1992
inception	The first album, 7 Sons of Soul, was released in 2004 by Verity Records.	7 Sons of Soul	2004
inception	The International University College of Turin, or IUC Turin, is a tertiary educational institution founded in 2006 by the Compagnia di San Paolo and Consiglio Nazionale del Notariato.	International University College of Turin	2006
inception	Verjnuarmu (demo, 2002) Verta, woemoo ja viitakkeita (demo, 2002) Laalavat jouset (demo, 2004)	Verjnuarmu	2002
inception	Intrinsity was a privately held Austin, Texas based fabless semiconductor company; it was founded in 1997 as EVSX on the remnants of Exponential Technology and changed its name to Intrinsity in 2000.	Intrinsity	1997
inception	Ruttenberg arranged funding for Forstmann, who launched Forstmann Little & Company in 1978.	Forstmann Little & Company	1978
inception	The current European Consumer Centres Network (ECC-Net) was established in January 2005 after the merger of two existing consumer protection networks: the Network for the extrajudicial settlement of consumer disputes (EEJ-Net) and the Euroguichet Network.	European Consumer Centres Network	2005
inception	Crown Pacific Partners, L.P. was a publicly traded partnership founded in 1988 which at its peak owned about 800,000 acres (3,000 km²) of timberland, half in Oregon and the rest in Washington, Idaho, and Montana.	Crown Pacific Partners	1988
inception	The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights (also known as SOHR; Arabic: المرصد السوري لحقوق الإنسان‎) founded in May 2006 is an information office documenting human rights abuses in Syria, since 2011 focusing on the Syrian Civil War.	Syrian Observatory for Human Rights	2006
inception	Dr. Kanailal Bhattacharya College, established in 1985, is an undergraduate college in Dharmatala, in Howrah district of West Bengal, India.	Dr. Kanailal Bhattacharya College	1985
inception	Miss International Japan was created in 1960 in response to Japan's then-recent lack of finalists at the Miss International pageant.	Miss International Japan	1960
inception	The Campus Kitchens Project was developed in 2001 as a national outgrowth of DC Central Kitchen, a successful local community kitchen model in Washington DC. The way it happened was kind of a marriage of two concepts.	Campus Kitchen	2001
inception	The Kingdom of Hanover (German: Königreich Hannover) was established in October 1814 by the Congress of Vienna, with the restoration of George III to his Hanoverian territories after the Napoleonic era.	Kingdom of Hanover	1814
inception	Peppercoin, Inc. was a privately held company founded in late 2001 by Micali and Rivest based in Waltham, MA.	Peppercoin	2001
inception	The Civic United Front was formed on 28 May 1992 through a merger of two formerly existing movements - KAMAHURU, a pressure group for democratization in Zanzibar, and the Civic Movement, a human rights organization based on the mainland.	Civic United Front	28 May 1992
inception	Wiko was established in February 2011 by French businessman Cedric Wilmots.	Wiko	2011
inception	SM Seaside City Cebu, also called locally as SM SRP, is a shopping mall owned and developed by SM Prime Holdings located in Cebu City, Philippines that opened on 27 November 2015, is the SM Prime Holdings' third mall in Metro Cebu.	SM Seaside City Cebu	2015
inception	From 2007 to 2013, America's Talk was one of eleven Clear Channel stations broadcast over XM Satellite Radio.	America's Talk	2007
inception	Hangzhou Philharmonic Orchestra (杭州爱乐乐团) was founded on December 25, 2007 and completed its establishment on April 20, 2009, with Deng Jingshan as the President, Yang Yang as the Artistic Director and Chief Conductor, Guan Haochuan and Lin Shangzhuan as the Vice President.	Hangzhou Philharmonic Orchestra	2007
inception	Plaeto is a Dutch rock band, formed in 2002.	Plaeto	2002
inception	Splash Corporation was founded in 1985 by Drs. Rolando and Rosalinda Hortaleza and incorporated as RBH Cosmetics, the company's very first products were repackaged acetone and cuticle remover as just a backyard business when decided to invest their ₱12,000 cash gifts from their wedding.	Splash Corporation	1985
inception	The Hämmerli brand dates back to 1863 when Johann Ulrich Hämmerli founded the company to make rifle barrels for the Swiss Army.	Hämmerli	1863
inception	The Orlando Thunder was a member of the World League of American Football from 1991 to 1992 (known as NFL Europe from 1995 onwards).	Orlando Thunder	1991
inception	Racing Glaciers are an English rock band formed in summer 2012.	Racing Glaciers	2012
inception	Frenzal Rhomb is an Australian punk rock band that formed in 1992, with Jason Whalley on lead vocals and rhythm guitar during this entire period.	Frenzal Rhomb	1992
inception	Holloway Press was established at the University of Auckland in the Library of the Tamaki Campus in 1994.	Holloway Press	1994
inception	PFC Slavia Sofia (Bulgarian: ПФК Славия София) is a Bulgarian football club founded on 10 April 1913 in Sofia.	PFC Slavia Sofia	1913
inception	Beirut Art Center opened to public in January 2009.	Beirut Art Center	2009
inception	Chartered in November 1849, Austin College remains the oldest institution of higher education in Texas to be operating under its original charter and name as recognized by the State Historical Survey Committee.	Austin College	November 1849
inception	Standfast is a two-piece Swedish band, formed in 1997 and comprising singer Suzanne Mosson and guitarist Patrick Tucker.	Standfast	1997
inception	Amatory (commonly typeset as (AMATORY), to fit their logo) is a Russian heavy metal band, formed in 2001 in Saint Petersburg.	Amatory	2001
inception	World Xtreme Wrestling was established in 1996 as a continuation of the Trans World Wrestling Federation and continued to be owned and operated by Afa Anoa'i.	World Xtreme Wrestling	1996
inception	Beelden aan Zee (``Images/sculptures by the sea'') museum in the Scheveningen district of The Hague, founded in 1994 by the sculpture collectors Theo and Lida Scholten, is the only Dutch museum which specializes in exhibiting sculpture.	Beelden aan Zee	1994
inception	The Islamic Iran Resistance Front or Resistance Front of Islamic Iran (Persian: جبهه ایستادگی ایران اسلامی‎‎; Jebheye Istadegi), or simply Resistance Front, is an Iranian principlist political group, founded in 2011.	Resistance Front of Islamic Iran	2011
inception	Zaytuna Institute conducted a summer Arabic intensive program in 2008 and soon after officially changed its name from Zaytuna Institute to Zaytuna College in 2009.	Zaytuna College	2009
inception	LTD. was founded on August 17, 2007 in Seoul, South Korea by music composer and producer Hwang Se-jun. Ballad singer Sung Si-kyung was the first artist to sign an exclusive contract with Jellyfish Entertainment and released a single ``Parting Once Again'' (Hangul: 한번 더 이별).	Jellyfish Entertainment	2007
inception	JONAH was created in 1999 in Jersey City, New Jersey by Theodore and Elaine Berk and Arthur and Jane Goldberg.	JONAH	1999
inception	Gazza Music Productions, also referred to as GMP Records, simply known as G.M.P., is a Namibian music production label founded by Gazza in 2004.	Gazza Music Productions	2004
inception	Diadora is the only Italian athletic footwear and apparel manufacturer to still make some of its products in Italy, a tradition that began in 1948 when the company's founder, Marcello Danieli, first began working in the trade as a young boy.	Diadora	1948
inception	Shatin Hospital (Chinese: 沙田醫院), formerly known as Shatin Infirmary and Convalescent Hospital (Chinese: 沙田護養院), commenced operation on December 2, 1991 and has been in full function since February 1, 1994.	Shatin Hospital	1991
inception	The Science Fiction and Fantasy Association of New Zealand is a non-profit organisation founded in 2002 which aims to coordinate and facilitate science fiction and fantasy-related fan activities within New Zealand.	Science Fiction and Fantasy Association of New Zealand	2002
inception	Housemarque is located in Finland; established in 1995, it is one of the oldest Finnish video game companies existing today.	Housemarque	1995
inception	On 3 April 2006, Arik Air took over the former Nigeria Airways facilities in Lagos, some three years after its liquidation, and began reconstruction work.	Arik Air	2006
inception	The National Lottery Commission was an organisation set up on 1 April 1999 under the National Lottery Act 1998 to regulate the National Lottery.	National Lottery Commission	1 April 1999
inception	Dr. Fixit was launched by Pidilite Industries Limited in the year 2001 to expand its range of construction chemicals.	Dr. Fixit	2001
inception	Market Square Records is a music promotion and record label company started in 1999.	Market Square Records	1999
inception	Łódź Hills Landscape Park (Park Krajobrazowy Wzniesień Łódzkich) is a protected area (Landscape Park) in central Poland, established in 1996, covering an area of 137.67 square kilometres (53.15 sq mi).	Łódź Hills Landscape Park	1996
inception	The Red Lion and Sun Society of Iran (Persian: جمعیت شیر و خورشید سرخ ایران‎‎) was established in 1922 and admitted to the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement in 1923.	Red Lion and Sun Society	1923
inception	The Irish Worker League was an Irish communist party, established in September 1923 by Jim Larkin, following his return to Ireland.	Irish Worker League	1923
inception	In 2005, the American Bison Society was re-launched by the Wildlife Conservation Society (WCS) to secure the ecological future of bison in North America.	American Bison Society	2005
inception	SANRAL was created by The South African National Roads Agency Limited and National Roads Act, 1998 as a corporatized successor to the South African Roads Board, which was part of the Department of Transport.	South African National Roads Agency	1998
inception	World Bowling (WB; known as the Fédération Internationale des Quilleurs between 1952 and April 2014) is the world governing body of nine-pin and ten-pin bowling.	World Bowling	1952
inception	Copenhagen Pride began in 1996 when Copenhagen was the European Capital of Culture and hosted the Europride event.	Copenhagen Pride	1996
inception	The Bank of Namibia was established by the Bank of Namibia Act, 1990 (Act 8 of 1990).	Bank of Namibia	1990
inception	The Kazakh division (which can be traced back to the mid-1920s) was transformed into Kazakhstan Airlines, with scheduled flights from its base at Almaty International Airport being launched in 1992.	Kazakhstan Airlines	1992
inception	Carinthians Soccer Women was founded as a new independent football club in June 2013.	Carinthians Soccer Women	2013
inception	The Sri Lanka Sama Samaja Party (SLSSP) was formed in 1982, when the LSSP split over the question of a coalition with the Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP).	Sri Lanka Sama Samaja Party	1982
inception	Leisha Hailey and Heather Grody (Reid) began performing as The Murmurs in 1991 while the duo were both students of the American Academy of Dramatic Arts.	The Murmurs	1991
inception	Erodelia (a portmanteau of the Greek word ``eros'', the god of love; and the Latin word ``delia'', which means demonstration) is a Brazilian rock band, formed in 2010.	Erodelia	2010
inception	Commercial Academy of Satu Mare is a university founded in 1997 in Satu Mare, Romania, with branches in several other counties.	Commercial Academy of Satu Mare	1997
inception	Orquesta Sinfónica de Galicia is a Spanish orchestra, created in 1992 and based in A Coruña, where it is the main orchestra in the city's Mozart Festival.	Orquesta Sinfónica de Galicia	1992
inception	Druhá Tráva (``Second Grass'' in Czech) is a Czech bluegrass band from the Czech Republic, formed in 1991 by Robert Křesťan.	Druhá Tráva	1991
inception	The Danish Women's Cup, also called 3F Cup for sponsorship reasons, is the national women's football cup competition in Denmark and was first held in 1993.	Danish Women's Cup	1993
inception	The World Federation of Trade Unions (WFTU) was established in 1945 to replace the International Federation of Trade Unions.	World Federation of Trade Unions	1945
inception	The museum's mission is to support the development of Chinese contemporary art. The Today Art Museum was founded by Zhang Baoquan in 2002.	Today Art Museum	2002
inception	Asia Racing Team (ART Motorsports) is a Chinese / Macanese motor racing team that was formed in 2003.	Asia Racing Team	2003
inception	WrayGunn are a Portuguese band formed in Coimbra, in early 1999.	WrayGunn	1999
inception	The Police were an English rock band formed in London in 1977.	The Police	1977
inception	Playphone is a mobile social gaming network founded in 2003.	Playphone	2003
inception	Founded by Rabbi Arthur Schneier in 1965, the Appeal of Conscience Foundation is an interfaith partnership of corporate and spiritual leaders from all faiths who come together to promote ``peace, tolerance and ethnic conflict resolution.''	Appeal of Conscience Foundation	1965
inception	In 2003, the Elmina Java Museum was opened to honour the history of the Belanda Hitam at large, and the Ulzen family in particular.	Elmina Java Museum	2003
inception	Blanck Mass (2011, Rock Action Records) White Math / Polymorph (2012, Software Recording Co.) Dumb Flesh (2015, Sacred Bones Records)	Blanck Mass	2011
inception	1500 or Nothin' is an American musical ensemble composed of record producers, songwriters, musicians and music videographers, formed in 2006, in Los Angeles, California.	1500 or Nothin'	2006
inception	The National Assembly of Women (NAW) is a British women's rights organisation founded on 8 March 1952 at a meeting of 1,500 women from all across Great Britain.	National Assembly of Women	1952
inception	Founded in 1998 after being spun off from Harris Semiconductor, AuthenTec provided mobile security software licenses to mobile manufacturing companies and biometrics sensor technology, such as fingerprint sensors and NFC technology to mobile and computer manufacturers.	AuthenTec	1998
inception	The Upper Danube Nature Park (German: Naturpark Obere Donau), founded in 1980, is located in the south of Baden-Württemberg in Germany and encloses primarily the districts of Tuttlingen and Sigmaringen.	Upper Danube Nature Park	1980
inception	The Democratic Party of Russia or DPR (Russian: Демократическая Партия России, Demokraticheskaya Partiya Rossii) is a Russian political party founded in 1990.	Democratic Party of Russia	1990
inception	Aksaray University (Turkish: Aksaray Üniversitesi) is a public higher educational institution established on March 17, 2006 in Aksaray, Central Anatolia in Turkey.	Aksaray University	2006
inception	Cherry Ghost began in 2005, first as an alias for Simon Aldred as a solo artist, before morphing into a full band.	Cherry Ghost	2005
inception	The 200+ year old Valspar was founded in 1806 as a paint dealership in Boston, Massachusetts.	Valspar	1806
inception	The Polish Philosophical Society is a scientific society based in Poland, founded in 1904 in Lwów, whose statutory goal is to practice and promote philosophy, especially onthology, theory of knowledge, logic, methodology, ethics, history of philosophy as well as the history of social science.	Polish Philosophical Society	1904
inception	Inteliment was founded in 2004 by Mr.Prashant Pansare to build tools and applications for Business Analytics in Cloud Technology and on Mobility.	Inteliment	2004
inception	The Alliance of Independent Social Democrats (Serbian: Савез независних социјалдемократа/Savez nezavisnih socijaldemokrata, СНСД/SNSD) is a Serb political party in Bosnia and Herzegovina, founded 1996.	Alliance of Independent Social Democrats	1996
inception	The Professional Karate Association was formed in 1974 by Don and Judy Quine in association with Mike Anderson.	Professional Karate Association	1974
inception	Since 2005 the Galerie Traversée has promoted bridging the gap between renowned and young artists in contemporary art. The gallery's concept aims at building up obscure but extraordinary artists.	Galerie Traversée	2005
inception	The Royal Agricultural University was founded as the Royal Agricultural College in 1842, at a meeting of the Fairford and Cirencester Farmers'' Club.	Royal Agricultural University	1842
inception	The London Missionary Society (LMS) founded Philippolis in 1823 as a mission station for the local Khoi people.	Philippolis	1823
inception	PS Publishing is a Hornsea, UK based publisher founded in 1999 by Peter Crowther.	PS Publishing	1999
inception	The Duchy of Westphalia (1180--1803) was a historic territory in the greater region of Westphalia, located in the east of modern North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Duchy of Westphalia	1180
inception	The Principality of Lucca and Piombino was created in July 1805 by Napoleon I for his beloved sister Elisa Bonaparte.	Principality of Lucca and Piombino	1805
inception	The Mattachine Society, founded in 1950, was one of the earliest homophile (gay rights) organizations in the United States, probably second only to Chicago's Society for Human Rights.	Mattachine Society	1950
inception	The Great Midwest Conference was an NCAA Division I athletics conference which existed from 1991 to 1995.	Great Midwest Conference	1991
inception	The band's core members Aimee Ortiz and Todd Low established Radagun in September 2008 and the band went through several member changes during their first year until finally settling on the idea of a two-person band with live performers filling in occasionally.	Radagun	2008
inception	Park City Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:PCYG) was established in 2002 and now is headquartered in Salt Lake City, Utah.	Park City Group	2002
inception	The town was established in 1850 by Prince Mikhail Semyonovich Vorontsov, the Viceroy of the Caucasus, near an ancient silver/lead mine in the nearby Alagir Gorge.	Alagir	1850
inception	Originally known as the Navy/NOAA Joint Ice Center, which was established on December 15, 1976 in a memorandum of agreement between the U.S. Navy and NOAA, the National Ice Center was formed in 1995 when the U.S. Coast Guard became a partner.	National Ice Center	1995
inception	Guerrilla Cambridge (formerly SCE Cambridge Studio), is part of Sony Computer Entertainment Worldwide Studios, was formed in July 1997 when Sony Computer Entertainment Europe acquired the Millennium Interactive development studio from Cyberlife Technology Ltd. The developer is mainly well known for making the MediEvil series on the original PlayStation, and also the PlayStation Portable.	Guerrilla Cambridge	1997
inception	In 1987, Kenexa began by providing recruitment services.	Kenexa	1987
inception	Nazxul are an Australian black metal band which formed in 1993.	Nazxul	1993
inception	Redd is a Turkish rock band established in 1996 by tenor opera singer Doğan Duru and guitarist Berke Hatipoğlu under the name Ten.	Redd	1996
inception	Skybucket Records, based in Birmingham, Alabama was formed in the summer of 2002 to release a CD sampler of local music.	Skybucket Records	2002
inception	LIN Media was an American holding company founded in 1994 that operated 43 television stations.	LIN Media	1994
inception	U-17 Minsk Tournament (Russian: Международный юношеский турнир (U-17) на призы АБФФ и Минского городского исполнительного комитета) is annual winter association football friendly competition for junior national under-17 teams that take place in Minsk, Belarus, since 2005.	U-17 Minsk Tournament	2005
inception	Hinopak Motors Limited was formed in 1985 by a diverse group of sponsors.	Hinopak Motors	1985
inception	Thermacut was founded in 1990 by Jiri Zaplatel and four other owner-employees.	Thermacut	1990
inception	Sleeping Giant Provincial Park, established in 1944 as Sibley Provincial Park and renamed in 1988, is a 244-square-kilometre (94 sq mi) park located on the Sibley Peninsula in Northwestern Ontario, east of Thunder Bay.	Sleeping Giant Provincial Park	1944
inception	Shatt Al-Arab University College is a private Iraqi university estableshed in 1993 in Basrah in the south of Iraq.	Shatt Al-Arab University College	1993
inception	Jahan-e-Khusrau was started in the year 2001 by noted film director, Muzaffar Ali.	Jahan-e-Khusrau	2001
inception	RTM Harmoni is set to launch in 2010 with other RTM digital television channels.	RTM Harmoni	2010
inception	Founded in 1951, Northwestern Michigan College, known as NMC to local residents, is a community college in Traverse City, Grand Traverse County, Michigan.	Northwestern Michigan College	1951
inception	Established in 2007, Music in the Hills tries to bring together good music, good listeners and great locations.	Music in the Hills	2007
inception	Vachette Pathology was founded in 2002 and is a nationwide pathology practice management firm.	Vachette Pathology	2002
inception	Pronair was established in 2007 beginning with air taxi services.	Pronair	2007
inception	Founded in 1966 by Tony and Ida Lujan Isaacs, the Indian House catalog has now around 150 titles.	Indian House	1966
inception	Rogue Rocket Games is an American video game developer formed in early 2011 by Nick Bruty and Rich Sun, both of whom previously worked at Planet Moon Studios.	Rogue Rocket Games	2011
inception	The Gypsy Joker Motorcycle Club (GJMC), or the Gypsy Jokers as they are called in Australia, are a ``one-percenter'' motorcycle gang and organized crime syndicate that was originally formed in San Francisco, California on April Fool's Day, 1956.	Gypsy Joker Motorcycle Club	1956
inception	Brown v. Board of Education National Historic Site was established in Topeka, Kansas, on October 26, 1992, by the United States Congress to commemorate the landmark U.S. Supreme Court decision aimed at ending racial segregation in public schools.	Brown v. Board of Education National Historic Site	1992
inception	Palma Aquarium is a commercial aquarium and park that first opened in 2007 in Palma, Mallorca, Spain.	Palma Aquarium	2007
inception	The Nation Towers were completed in 2013 and have apartments, offices, a shopping mall and a hotel (St. Regis Hotel Abu Dhabi).	Nation Towers	2013
inception	GAIS was founded 11 March 1894 at Ehdlunds Café in the Gothenburg city centre.	GAIS	1894
inception	RNDM is an American alternative rock band formed in 2012, consisting of Pearl Jam's bassist Jeff Ament, singer-songwriter Joseph Arthur and drummer Richard Stuverud.	RNDM	2012
inception	The Citizens' Movement Pro Chemnitz was initiated in 2009 by Karl Martin Kohlmann, a former Chemnitz city council member for The Republicans, and Reinhold Breede, former president of the city counsel at the beginning of the 1990s and ex CDU member.	Citizens' Movement Pro Chemnitz	2009
inception	Dagbladet Politiken was founded on 1 October 1884 in Copenhagen by Viggo Hørup, Edvard Brandes and Hermann Bing.	Politiken	1 October 1884
inception	Diet-to-Go (DTG) is a privately held company that was founded in 1991 by Hilton Davis.	Diet-to-Go	1991
inception	The Kraków Tigers are an American football team based in Kraków, Poland founded in 2006.	Kraków Tigers	2006
inception	Idea Couture, Inc. (IC) is a global strategic innovation and experience design firm founded in 2007 and is based in San Francisco and Toronto.	Idea Couture	2007
inception	Harran University (Turkish: Harran Üniversitesi) is a state university in Şanlıurfa, Turkey, founded in 1992.	Harran University	1992
inception	The station was assigned the WHDZ call sign on April 13, 2005, and received its license to cover on May 5, 2008.	WHDZ	2008
inception	Finix Comics was founded in November 2007 by comic-enthusiasts unhappy with the situation of the publishing history of comic-series in Germany.	Finix Comics	2007
inception	The Royal Society Kohn Award was an award given by the Royal Society since 2005 to beginning scientists who had achieved significant cultural impact through broadcasting or public speech.	Kohn Award	2005
inception	The Linux Kongress was an annual conference of Linux developers from around the world, that took place every year from 1994 to 2010.	Linux Kongress	1994
inception	Desert Vista High School is located in the Ahwatukee neighborhood of Phoenix, Arizona, was established in 1996, and is a part of the Tempe Union High School District.	Desert Vista High School	1996
inception	Established in May 1950, the Beijing Film Academy was first named Performance Art Institution of the Film Bureau of the Ministry of Culture.	Beijing Film Academy	1950
inception	Velocity Micro was officially founded in 1997 as an extension of this highly individualized, high-performance computing philosophy.	Velocity Micro	1997
inception	Eleanor Roosevelt College was established in 1988, but it was conceived in 1985 when a Preliminary Planning Committee recommended the creation of a new college focused on comparative culture studies to augment the existing colleges on campus.	Eleanor Roosevelt College	1988
inception	The Modern Academy In Maadi (MAM), Egypt, was founded in 1993 by a group of professional educationalists, Initially, The Modern Academy is located in Maadi, a southern suburb of Cairo known by its greenery and quietness.	Modern Academy In Maadi	1993
inception	The Diogenes Verlag (short: Diogenes) is a Swiss publisher in Zurich, founded in 1952 by Daniel Keel, with a focus on literature, plays and cartoons.	Diogenes Verlag	1952
inception	The company Grupo Bimbo was started in Mexico in 1945 by Lorenzo Servitje, Roberto Servitje, José T. Mata, Jaime Sendra, Jaime Jorba and Alfonso Velasco.	Grupo Bimbo	1945
inception	Founded in 1999, it is based on the ideology of the Meimad movement founded in 1988 by Rabbi Yehuda Amital.	Meimad	1999
inception	Liverpool University Press, founded in 1899, is the third oldest university press in England after Oxford University Press and Cambridge University Press.	Liverpool University Press	1899
inception	The first Qstock festival was organised in 2003.	Qstock	2003
inception	Delorentos are a critically acclaimed Dublin-based Irish alternative rock band, formed in 2005.	Delorentos	2005
inception	Don Bosco College, Tura was established in 1987 to provide education to the people of Meghalaya.	Don Bosco College, Tura	1987
inception	The Curious Theatre Company is a company of artists founded in 1997 and located in Denver, Colorado.	Curious Theatre Company	1997
inception	Silueta X, Association, is a grassroots organization, created on May 12, 2008, and legally established on May 5, 2010 by Presidential Decree MIES # 9989 of Ecuador.	Silueta X	2008
inception	Pavel Rivera created Twintapes in 2007 as a duo with Jon Estes, a friend from college.	Twintapes	2007
inception	Wozdwizhenskaya Fortress (1742) on the Sakmara River was the second fort built as a part of Sakmara Distance by Ivan Neplyuyev during his governance of the Orenburg Commission.	Wozdwizhenskaya Fortress	1742
inception	Platina Chișinău was founded in 2010 and participated in the Romanian U18 Hockey League during the 2010-11 season.	Platina Chișinău	2010
inception	Soles4Souls is a Nashville-based charity, founded in 2006, that collects new and used shoes and redistributes them through direct donations to people in need and through micro-enterprise partners.	Soles4Souls	2006
inception	Fun Bits Interactive is an American video game developer founded in 2010 by the core team previously working as Titan Studios.	Fun Bits Interactive	2010
inception	The airline was established on 29 January 1987 and started operations on 5 November 1987 as Transportes Aeromar.	Aeromar	1987
inception	Unifor (Union for Canada) is a trade union in Canada, launched in 2013 as a merger of the Canadian Auto Workers and Communications, Energy and Paperworkers unions.	Unifor	2013
inception	Swiftype was founded in 2012 by former Scribd engineers Matt Riley and Quin Hoxie.	Swiftype	2012
inception	The Asbestos is an alternative rock band from Venezuela formed in 2004 in the city of Caracas.	The Asbestos	2004
inception	The Lucksmiths were an Australian indie pop band formed in March 1993 by Marty Donald on lead guitar, Mark Monnone on bass guitar and Tali White on drums and lead vocals.	The Lucksmiths	1993
inception	Founded in 1986 and publicly traded since 1997, American Capital has eight offices in the U.S., Europe and Asia.	American Capital	1986
inception	Submarine Squadron 11 was commissioned July 1, 1986, aboard her flagship, McKee, at Naval Submarine Base Point Loma, San Diego.	Submarine Squadron 11	1986
inception	Pertti Kurikan Nimipäivät (Finnish for Pertti Kurikka's name day), also known as PKN, is a Finnish punk rock band, formed in 2009 in a charity workshop for adults with developmental disabilities.	Pertti Kurikan Nimipäivät	2009
inception	Saving Abel is an American rock music group from Corinth, Mississippi, who were started in 2004 by Jared Weeks and Jason Null.	Saving Abel	2004
inception	The Cotswold School opened in 1988 following the controversial amalgamation of Bourton Vale Secondary Modern (in Bourton on the Water) and historic Westwood's Grammar School (Northleach).	The Cotswold School	1988
inception	The Nikon F6 is a 35mm film single-lens reflex camera body that became commercially available during 2004, and is the sixth top-of-the-line professional film camera in Nikon's line since the introduction of the Nikon F in 1959.	Nikon F6	2004
inception	Lyulin Metro Station (Bulgarian: Метростанция ``Люлин``) is a station on the Sofia Metro in Bulgaria. It started operation on January 28, 1998.	Lyulin Metro Station	1998
inception	Blair's Sauces and Snacks is a United States snack company founded in 1989, most famous for their Death Sauce line of hot sauces, known for their extreme range in Scoville heat ratings.	Blair's Sauces and Snacks	1989
inception	South Carolina State University was founded in 1896 as the state of South Carolina's sole public college for black youth.	South Carolina State University	1896
inception	While it was formed in 1973 as an election front for the Worker's Communist Party (marxist-leninist) (in Norwegian: Arbeidernes Kommunistparti (m-l), AKP(ml)), the Red Electoral Alliance became an independent party in 1991, and after that, it scrapped many Leninist ideas.	Red Electoral Alliance	1973
inception	Gin Blossoms is an American rock band formed in 1987 in Tempe, Arizona.	Gin Blossoms	1987
inception	Hulas Motors Pvt. Ltd. was established in 1996 (B. S. 2054).	Hulas Motors	1996
inception	Even though the club was founded as early as 1935, Defensa y Justicia did not play in official tournaments until 1978, when the team debuted in Primera D, defeating Cañuelas.	Defensa y Justicia	1935
inception	Spotlight Innovation Inc. was founded in 2012 as Spotlight Innovation, LLC. It became its current iteration in December 2013 after a merger with American Exploration Corp. (AEXP), which had been founded in 2006.	Spotlight Innovation	2006
inception	The horrors of the First World War, combined with new departures in theology (in particular the thought of Karl Barth), allowed for a partial restoration of a national grouping: the Reformed Church of France (L’Église Réformée de France, ÉRF), established in 1938.	Reformed Church of France	1938
inception	The SeeYa (Korean: 더 씨야; stylized as ``The SEEYA'') is a South Korean R&B girl group composed of Minkyung, Youngjoo, Yoojin and Yeonkyung formed by MBK Entertainment (formerly known as Core Contents Media) in 2012.	The SeeYa	2012
inception	In April 2015, Bhojpuri Cinema TV is started	Bhojpuri Cinema TV	2015
inception	Frontier Airlines was incorporated on February 8, 1994, by a group that included executives of a previous incarnation of Frontier Airlines in response to the void left by Continental Airlines 1993 shutdown of its Denver (Stapleton) hub.	Frontier Airlines	1994
inception	Thayaga Marumalarchi Kazhagam (Tamil: தாயக மறுமலர்ச்சி கழகம்) was a political party in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu launched by Tamil film maker T. Rajendar in 1991.	Thayaga Marumalarchi Kazhagam	1991
inception	Daegu Metropolitan Transit Corporation (DTRO) is a public corporation which runs the Daegu Metro Lines 1, 2 and 3 established in 1995.	Daegu Metropolitan Transit Corporation	1995
inception	Wampire formed in 2007, though Phipps and Tinder had been playing together since 2001.	Wampire	2007
inception	Huyton Bulldogs were formed in 2009 and joined the RL Merit League.	Huyton Bulldogs	2009
inception	Mad at the World was a Christian rock band active from 1987 to 1998 in Southern California.	Mad at the World	1987
inception	The Fund then engaged Mr. Cowan to organize and act as race director for the first Race for Life event, which took place in 1994 in Battersea Park, London, where 750 participants raised £48,000.	Race for Life	1994
inception	While Fauvism as a style began around 1900 and continued beyond 1910, the movement as such lasted only a few years, 1904--1908, and had three exhibitions.	Fauvism	1904
inception	Cogniance is founded (2008) and built up by the former founders, directors, technical managers from Sonopia, a product startup.	Cogniance	2008
inception	Catholic Club of New York was a social Catholic organization founded by the Xavier Alumni Sodality in 1888.	Catholic Club of New York	1888
inception	Aerolineas Mundo S.A. (also known as AMSA) was a cargo airline that operated from 1986 to 1993 out of Las Americas International Airport in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic.	Aerolineas Mundo	1986
inception	Cynthea Wellings founded Ausmed as a small nursing publishing company in 1987 after self-publishing the book Urinary Continence, a practical guide.	Ausmed	1987
inception	The Lectorium enlightenment project was founded on September 26, 2009.	Lectorium	2009
inception	Knights of the Abyss is an American deathcore band from Glendale, Arizona, United States, formed in 2005.	Knights of the Abyss	2005
inception	Zylom was founded in Eindhoven, the Netherlands, in 2001.	Zylom	2001
inception	CPM 22 is a Brazilian rock band from São Paulo formed in 1995.	CPM 22	1995
inception	Cary Academy is a private, coeducational, nonsectarian, college-preparatory secondary school in Cary, North Carolina established in 1996.	Cary Academy	1996
inception	The Kunsthalle Nürnberg is an art centre founded in 1967, near the city centre.	Kunsthalle Nürnberg	1967
inception	Soon after forming in 1994, Nu Flavor found a man by the name of Bruce Johnson, and enlisted him as their manager.	Nu Flavor	1994
inception	Playmaker Music is an American record label, founded by producer Chadron (``Nitti'') Moore in 2007.	Playmaker Music	2007
inception	The Universiti Utara Malaysia (UUM; English: Northern University of Malaysia) was established on 16 February 1984 under the Universiti Utara Malaysia 1984 Order (Statutory).	Universiti Utara Malaysia	1984
inception	Political Alternative Hordaland (Norwegian: Politisk alternativ Hordaland) was a minor Norwegian political party which ran for the 1993 parliamentary election in the county of Hordaland where it received a mere 1.4% of the votes.	Political Alternative Hordaland	1993
inception	The Frederick S. Pardee School of Global Studies at Boston University (also referred to as The Pardee School and Pardee School of Global Studies) is Boston University's newest School and was established in 2014 by bringing together a number of long-established programs in international and regional studies at Boston University.	Frederick S. Pardee School of Global Studies	2014
inception	The MTV Base brand first launched in the United Kingdom and in Ireland on 1 July 1999, later launching in other European territories such as the Netherlands and Germany.	MTV Base	July 1999
inception	Extensive Music is a Swedish record label founded in 1993.	Extensive Music	1993
inception	Radio BA was founded during 2009 and the station focuses on contemporary pop music, entertainment and local news.	Radio BA	2009
inception	Faber and Faber began as a firm in 1929, but its roots go back to the Scientific Press, owned by Sir Maurice and Lady Gwyer.	Faber and Faber	1929
inception	American Benefit Plan Administrators, Inc. (ABPA), founded in 1951, is one of the oldest third party administration (TPA) firms in the US, mainly serving clients in the Taft-Hartley industry, pension plans and voluntary employee benefit associations (VEBA).	American Benefit Plan Administrators	1951
inception	TFIFX, is an online brand of TFI Markets, a financial services public company founded in 1999 to provide treasury services to European investors.	TFIFX	1999
inception	The concept for Rover.com was the first-place winner in the Seattle Startup Weekend contest in June 2011.	Rover.com	2011
inception	Sick of It All is an American hardcore punk band, formed in 1986 in Queens, New York.	Sick of It All	1986
inception	Triangle Metro Zoo (originally Zoo Fauna) was a privately owned and operated 40-acre (16 ha) zoo that was open from 1998 until 2006.	Triangle Metro Zoo	1998
inception	Loosegroove Records was a Seattle based record label formed by Pearl Jam guitarist Stone Gossard and Brad drummer Regan Hagar in 1994.	Loosegroove Records	1994
inception	Welch Allyn, Inc. was founded in 1915 and is an American manufacturer of medical diagnostic devices, patient monitoring systems, and miniature precision lamps.	Welch Allyn	1915
inception	ECOCERT is an organic certification organization, founded in France in 1991.	ECOCERT	1991
inception	I Corps (South Korea) was created July 24, 1950, just before the Battle of Pusan Perimeter.	I Corps (South Korea)	1950
inception	Thyresis is a Brazilian melodic death metal band formed in 2006 in João Pessoa, Paraíba.	Thyresis	2006
inception	The South African Sendinggestig Museum (also known as the South African Slave Church Museum) was established in 1977 and is currently situated in the centre of Cape Town, Western Cape, South Africa.	South African Sendinggestig Museum	1977
inception	Mageia was created in 2010 as a fork of Mandriva Linux, by a group of former employees of Mandriva S.A. and several other developers and users and supporters of the Mandriva community.	Mageia	2010
inception	Haifa Underdogs was established at 2005, the year that the IFL was established.	Haifa Underdogs	2005
inception	The New Jersey Eagles were an American soccer team founded in 1987 as the Cosmopolitan Eagles.	New Jersey Eagles	1987
inception	Honeyblood is a Scottish musical duo formed in Glasgow Scotland in 2012.	Honeyblood	2012
inception	Working Assets is a corporation in the United States founded in 1985 by Peter Barnes.	Working Assets	1985
inception	Funding Circle was set up in the UK in August 2010.	Funding Circle	2010
inception	Human Rights Without Frontiers (HRWF) is a non-governmental organization, registered since 2001 as an association without lucrative purpose in Belgium, that ``seeks to shape European and international policy in ways that strengthen democracy, uphold the rule of law and protect human rights globally''.	Human Rights Without Frontiers	2001
inception	By Night is an extreme metal act from Falkenberg in Sweden, formed by André Gonzales (guitar), Simon Wien (guitar), and Per Qvarnström (drums) in 1999.	By Night	1999
inception	DumDum Boys started up in the late 1970s as a punk band under the name Wannskrækk and released a few singles under that name before they reinvented themselves with a new name and a somewhat new sound in 1985.	DumDum Boys	1985
inception	The New York Stem Cell Foundation (NYSCF) is an American 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization, founded in the Spring of 2005, with the mission ``accelerating cures for the major diseases of our time through stem cell research.''	New York Stem Cell Foundation	2005
inception	Boyer Brothers Inc. was founded by brothers Bill and Bob Boyer in 1936.	Boyer Brothers	1936
inception	Many trace Brooks Pharmacy's roots back to the defunct Pawtucket, Rhode Island based Adams Drug Company, a family owned operation which was founded in 1932 by the Salmanson Family.	Brooks Pharmacy	1932
inception	The Grand Duchy of Flandrensis (Dutch: Groothertogdom Flandrensis) is a micronation with claims over some territories of Antarctica, which was founded in 2008 by the Belgian Niels Vermeersch.	Grand Duchy of Flandrensis	2008
inception	The Vulcan Dub Squad began in a basement in Brampton, Ontario in 1997 with the founding three members --	The Vulcan Dub Squad	1997
inception	Nations Air was a new start up airline in the United States that began operating in 1995 and ended in 1999.	Nations Air	1995
inception	The Regional Universities Network was formed in October 2011 as a response to the regional focus for higher education of Australian government.	Regional Universities Network	2011
inception	The Communist Party of Aotearoa is a Maoist political party which formed in 1993 as a split from the Communist Party of New Zealand, which had formerly been Maoist, but was then drifting towards Trotskyism.	Communist Party of Aotearoa	1993
inception	Succeeding the Sports Council of Great Britain, UK Sport was established in January 1997 by Royal Charter as the UK Sports Council.	UK Sport	1997
inception	Skizoo was a Spanish Alternative Metal band from Madrid, formed in 2005.	Skizoo	2005
inception	Incorporated in 1844, the Allegheny Cemetery is the sixth oldest rural cemetery in America and has expanded over the years to now encompass 300 acres (120 ha).	Allegheny Cemetery	1844
inception	The station, established in 2003, is owned by MTD Radio Inc. and the broadcast license is held by MTD, Inc. KTUM shares a broadcast tower with sister station KWMW.	KTUM	2003
inception	Suidakra was formed in 1994 by guitarist Arkadius Antonik and drummer Stefan Möller under the name Gloryfication.	Suidakra	1994
inception	Platinum Technology Inc. was founded by Andrew Filipowski in 1987 to market and support deployment of database management software products and the applications enabled by database management technology and to render related services.	Platinum Technology	1987
inception	It originated in 1615 as a settlement near the walls of the Zadonsky (literally, ``over-the-Don'') monastery, founded in 1610 by several monks from the Sretensky Monastery in Moscow.	Zadonsk	1615
inception	Kalafina is a Japanese vocal group formed by the composer Yuki Kajiura in 2007, mainly to perform theme songs for the anime Kara no Kyōkai.	Kalafina	2007
inception	X-Sinner is an American hard rock band formed in 1988 by guitarist Greg Bishop.	X-Sinner	1988
inception	Rune Grammofon is a Norwegian record label founded in 1998 by Rune Kristoffersen.	Rune Grammofon	1998
inception	Greater Manchester was created on 1 April 1974 as a result of the Local Government Act 1972; and designated a City Region on 1 April 2011.	Greater Manchester	1974
inception	Founded in 1998 by Ian Buzer, Preloved was started off as a hobby to supplement his addiction to visiting junk shops, car boot sales and buying all things second hand.	Preloved	1998
inception	The Shangri-La Hotel, Tokyo, was opened on March 2, 2009.	Shangri-La Hotel, Tokyo	2009
inception	United Republic (République solidaire, RS) is a centre-right political party in France launched by Dominique de Villepin, a former Prime Minister, on 18 June 2010.	United Republic	18 June 2010
inception	NetRadio (Net.radio, NetRadio, NetRadio Network) was a Eden Prairie, Minnesota-based company founded by Scott Bourne and radio veteran Scot Combs in 1994.	NetRadio	1994
inception	Jersey Jack Pinball, Inc. is an American company manufacturing pinball machines, which was established in 2011.	Jersey Jack Pinball	2011
inception	The Lisbon Marathon or the Cidade de Lisboa Marathon was an annual marathon held in Lisbon, Portugal in the month of November or December, established in 1986.	Lisbon Marathon	1986
inception	The Bust of Charlemagne (de: Karlsbüste) is a reliquary in the form of the bust of Charlemagne made around 1350, which contains the king's skullcap.	Bust of Charlemagne	1350
inception	Lear Corporation was launched as American Metal Products in 1917 in Detroit, Michigan.	Lear Corporation	1917
inception	The Southern African Regional Universities Association was established in 2005 as a membership based association for the 66 public universities in the 15 countries of the Southern African Development Community (SADC).	Southern African Regional Universities Association	2005
inception	South Asia Theological Research Institute (SATHRI) was established by the Board of Theological Education of the Senate of Serampore College (BTESSC) in the year 1989.	South Asia Theological Research Institute	1989
inception	The Wheat Chiefs was a Canadian melodic rock band with punk rock influence formed in 1990 in Edmonton, Alberta, and later relocated to Vancouver, British Columbia.	Wheat Chiefs	1990
inception	In 1994 the Robert Malcolm Memorial Pipe Band was created to continue the development of younger players.	Robert Malcolm Memorial Pipe Band	1994
inception	Carthage College was founded by Lutheran pioneers in education in 1847 in Hillsboro, Illinois as The Literary and Theological Institute of the Lutheran Church in the Far West.	Carthage College	1847
inception	The Civil United Green Alternative movement, GROZA movement (Russian: движение Гражданская Объединённая Зелёная Альтернатива, Russian: движение ГРОЗА), formerly Interregional Green Party, is a Russian movement, founded in 1991 as a local party in Leningrad.	Civil United Green Alternative	1991
inception	DR Motor Company is an Italian automobile company, founded in 2006 by Massimo Di Risio.	DR Motor Company	2006
inception	The Pontifical College Josephinum is a four-year, Roman Catholic liberal arts college and graduate school of theology founded by Monsignor Joseph Jessing in 1888 and located in Columbus, Ohio, USA.	Pontifical College Josephinum	1888
inception	The William Pears Group was founded in 1952, by Bernard Pears (who changed his name from Schleicher on emigrating from Austria) and his son Clive Pears.	William Pears Group	1952
inception	P3 art and environment is an art organization, curatorial office and gallery in Shinjuku in Tokyo, Japan, which opened in 1989.	P3 art and environment	1989
inception	The present district Prignitz was created in 1993 by merging the previous districts Pritzwalk and Perleberg and a few municipalities from the district Kyritz.	Prignitz	1993
inception	Not in Our Name (NION) was a United States organization founded on March 23, 2002 to protest the U.S. government's course in the wake of the September 11, 2001 attacks; it disbanded on March 31, 2008.	Not in Our Name	2002
inception	Glass Mountain Records is an American independent record label that was launched in 2007.	Glass Mountain Records	2007
inception	Woollim Entertainment (Korean: 울림엔터테인먼트; Ullim Enteoteinmeonteu) is a South Korean record label and entertainment agency founded in 2003, home to artists like Nell, Infinite, Rphabet, Lovelyz, Jisun, Joo and home to actors like Kim Min-seok.	Woollim Entertainment	2003
inception	The Center for Arizona Policy was founded by Len Munsil in 1995; he served as Founding President and General Counsel until 2005.	Center for Arizona Policy	1995
inception	Then known as Mass Rapid Transit Corporation (MRTC) when it was incorporated on 6 August 1987, it was renamed as Singapore MRT Limited before taking on its current name, SMRT Trains, in the year 2004.	SMRT Trains	2004
inception	Wormrot is a Singaporean grindcore band formed in 2007, immediately after the founding members had completed their mandatory two years of national service.	Wormrot	2007
inception	The Knuth Prize is awarded since 1996 and includes an award of $5000.	Knuth Prize	1996
inception	Export Development Bank of Iran (EDBI) was established on July 10, 1991, and subsequently initiated its activities in September 1992.	Export Development Bank of Iran	1991
inception	The band formed in 1990, playing under a variety of different names including Enraptured and Requiem up until 1994, when they officially settled on Epoch of Unlight.	Epoch of Unlight	1994
inception	The Center for Copyright Information was formed in September 2011 to coordinate efforts between the television, film and music industries and service providers to curb online copyright infringement and educate Internet subscribers about piracy.	Center for Copyright Information	2011
inception	The old Mid City Centre, launched in 1989, had around 50 specialty stores over three levels.	Mid City Centre	1989
inception	Qibla Cola was launched onto the UK market in February 2003, with a nationwide distribution established within months.	Qibla Cola	February 2003
inception	In 1992, when the Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers (CAPP) was formed, with the CPA amalgamation with the Independent Petroleum Association of Canada (IPAC) to form the Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers (CAPP), Gerry Protti was named as founding president.	Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers	1992
inception	Unborde (アンボルデ anborude; stylized as unBORDE) is a Japanese record label established on December 21, 2010 as a sublabel of Warner Music Japan.	Unborde	2010
inception	Citizens Lobbying for Animals in Zoos (CLAZ) was an informal organization lobbying to improve conditions for the animals in California zoos, started in 1996 by then 13-year-old Justin Barker.	Citizens Lobbying for Animals in Zoos	1996
inception	Ice Harbor Brewing Company is a brewery founded in Pasco, Washington in 1996 by two former workers at the Hanford Site.	Ice Harbor Brewing Company	1996
inception	Good Charlotte is an American rock band from Waldorf, Maryland that formed in 1996.	Good Charlotte	1996
inception	Sky Sports News Radio was a British online radio station broadcasting sports news, results and information 24 hours a day lasted 4 years from June 2010 to September 2014.	Sky Sports News Radio	2010
inception	In the late 1980s and early 1990s, Kingsoft researched and developed word processors and other office applications, such as its flagship product, Word Processing System 1.0, which launched in 1989.	Kingsoft	1989
inception	Bongo Maffin is a South African kwaito music group who formed in Cape Town in 1996.	Bongo Maffin	1996
inception	PharMerica (NYSE: PMC) is a publicly traded Fortune 1000 company formed in January 2007 from the merger of Kindred Healthcare's pharmacy business with a subsidiary of AmerisourceBergen.	PharMerica	2007
inception	The Wharton India Economic Forum (WIEF), established in 1996 at The Wharton School, is a student-run business forum in the United States focused on India.	Wharton India Economic Forum	1996
inception	Andrews McMeel Publishing, LLC (formerly Andrews, McMeel and Parker (1975--1986) and Andrews and McMeel (1986--1997)) is a company that publishes books, calendars, and related toys.	Andrews McMeel Publishing	1975
inception	B'Tselem was founded in 1989, during the First Intifada, by Israeli academics and members of civil rights and leftist organizations.	B'Tselem	1989
inception	Double Denim Records is a British independent record label, launched in 2010.	Double Denim Records	2010
inception	The Glenfiddich Distillery was founded in 1886 by William Grant in Dufftown, Scotland, in the glen of the River Fiddich.	Glenfiddich	1886
inception	SRC LLC, the predecessor to Alteryx, was founded in 1997 by Dean Stoecker, Olivia Duane Adams and Ned Harding.	Alteryx	1997
inception	Electric Dreams Software was a video game publisher established in 1985 by former managing director of Quicksilva, Rod Cousens and former Software Manager of Quicksilva, Paul Cooper.	Electric Dreams Software	1985
inception	Xiao Juan and Residents From the Valley (小娟和山谷里的居民) is a Chinese folk band founded in 1998, with Wang Xiujuan (artist name Xiao Juan) as lead singer.	Xiao Juan and Residents From the Valley	1998
inception	The Clinton County Chaos is a team of the Women's Spring Football League based in Blanchester, Ohio, USA, and were set to begin its first season of play in 2011.	Clinton County Chaos	2011
inception	My Wicked Twin are a Canadian hard rock band from Kitchener, Ontario that formed in 2008.	My Wicked Twin	2008
inception	Headquartered in Lakeville, Minnesota (a southern suburb of Minneapolis-St. Paul), Progressive Rail, Inc. was established in 1996 to initially serve the Airlake Industrial Park.	Progressive Rail, Inc.	1996
inception	Despite being a relative newcomer, The Zolas were the 4th-most heavily tracked band on the Verge for the first half of 2010.	The Zolas	2010
inception	New Found Glory (formerly A New Found Glory) is an American pop punk band from Coral Springs, Florida, formed in 1997.	New Found Glory	1997
inception	The Interceltic Festival of Avilés (FIA) is a summer arts festival held annually in Avilés, and the surrounding area in Asturias, Spain since 1997.	Interceltic Festival of Avilés	1997
inception	Formed in 1998, From Zero's music is distinguished from many earlier nu metal groups with its greater focus on vocal harmonies, and correspondingly fewer elements of hip-hop than groups such as Limp Bizkit.	From Zero	1998
inception	Vasoon Animation is a privately owned Chinese animation studio established in Beijing, 1992.	Vasoon Animation	1992
inception	People's Labor Union of Ukraine, NTSU (Ukrainian: Народно-трудовий союз України) is a political party of Ukraine of center-left type that was officially registered in 2006.	People's Labor Union of Ukraine	2006
inception	C24 Gallery is a contemporary art gallery founded in 2011 and located in the New York City neighborhood of Chelsea.	C24 Gallery	2011
inception	Air Tahiti Nui was established on 31 October 1996 and commenced flight operations on 20 November 1998.	Air Tahiti Nui	1996
inception	KBCA first signed on the air on June 1, 2005 as a WB Network affiliate.	KBCA	2005
inception	Arts Council England was formed in 1994 when the Arts Council of Great Britain was divided into three separate bodies for England, Scotland and Wales.	Arts Council England	1994
inception	In 1956, some churches of the Eastern District Primitive Baptist Association separated and formed the Central Baptist Association.	Central Baptist Association	1956
inception	SAAN was founded in 2001 by several University of Michigan students who felt that there was great demand on campus for a content-driven conference on issues of importance to the South Asian community in America ranging from humanitarian work in South Asia to increased political participation in the United States.	SAAN	2001
inception	From its first exhibition in October 2002, L'appartement 22 has consistently featured challenging and exciting contemporary arts programming of international acclaim.	L'appartement 22	2002
inception	Busoga University was founded in 1999, following the issuance of a tertiary institutional license by the Ministry of Education and Sports.	Busoga University	1999
inception	Delphia Yachts was established in 1990 by brothers Piotr and Wojciech Kot.	Delphia Yachts	1990
inception	Intourist was the official state travel agency of the Soviet Union, founded in 1929 by Joseph Stalin and was staffed by NKVD and later KGB officials.	Intourist	1929
inception	The Podunk Bluegrass Festival is a bluegrass festival established in 1996 and taking place in August each year in Connecticut, USA.	Podunk Bluegrass Festival	1996
inception	The Baseball Australia Diamond Awards -- begun in 2006 -- are given annually by the Australian Baseball Federation, to honor persons who have excelled in playing, managing, or serving the sport of baseball.	Baseball Australia Diamond Awards	2006
inception	Canvas Solaris were an American progressive metal band from Statesboro, Georgia, formed in 1999, and disbanded in 2011.	Canvas Solaris	1999
inception	In 1945, Günter Fronius (1907-2015) and his wife Friedl set up Fronius International GmbH in Pettenbach.	Fronius International GmbH	1945
inception	The Canon EOS 550D is an 18.0 megapixel digital single-lens reflex camera, announced by Canon on 8 February 2010.	Canon EOS 550D	2010
inception	North Pacific Airlines was a small regional airline formed in 1987, flying for United Airlines under the United Express brand name from the Seattle--	North Pacific Airlines	1987
inception	Maritime Records is an Indonesia independent record label, best known for its recordings of pop. The label was formed in Bandung, West Java in 2006 by Joz Yusadiredja (Joz) and Anggara Heryudasa (Ncut).	Maritime Records	2006
inception	Retro Stefson is an Icelandic alternative/pop-band formed in 2006 in Reykjavík.	Retro Stefson	2006
inception	The Wright Brothers Master Pilot Award was instituted by the United States Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on October 11, 2003, to recognize pilots who have practiced safe flight operations continuously for 50 or more years during the course of their aviation careers.	Wright Brothers Master Pilot Award	2003
inception	The Swiss food company Nestlé owned the Findus brand from 1962 to 2000; it sold the rights to the brand in most of Europe in 2000 whilst retaining ownership in Switzerland.	Findus	1962
inception	APM Terminals was established as an independent terminal operating company within the Copenhagen, Denmark-based Maersk Group in 2001.	APM Terminals	2001
inception	QW Rail Leasing is a rolling stock operating company (ROSCO) formed in 2008 to fund the purchase of rolling stock in the United Kingdom, which would then be leased to train operating companies (TOCs).	QW Rail Leasing	2008
inception	The Portland Fighting Fillies are a team of the Women's Football Alliance which began play for the 2010 season.	Portland Fighting Fillies	2010
inception	Vasil Levski Stadium Metro Station (Bulgarian: Метростанция ``Стадион ``Васил Левски``) is a station on the Sofia Metro in Bulgaria. It was introduced into service on May 8, 2009.	Vasil Levski Stadium Metro Station	2009
inception	Hope Music Group was founded by Philippe Nkouaya & Anthony Gorby in 2012.	Hope Music Group	2012
inception	The Bucerius Kunst Forum is a private art gallery in Hamburg, Germany; founded in 2002 through the ZEIT-Stiftung Ebelin und Gerd Bucerius foundation.	Bucerius Kunst Forum	2002
inception	Clos des Lambrays was elevated from premier cru to grand cru status in 1981, which meant that it was created as a separate AOC.	Clos des Lambrays	1981
inception	Warehouse Workers United was formed in 2009 as a campaign of the Change to Win Federation.	Warehouse Workers United	2009
inception	Vid Kidz was a video game developer formed in February 1981 by Defender programmers Eugene Jarvis and Larry DeMar, following their departure from Williams Electronics.	Vid Kidz	1981
inception	Magnavox was founded in 1917 by Edwin Pridham and Peter L. Jensen, inventor of the moving-coil loudspeaker two years earlier at their lab in Napa, California.	Magnavox	1917
inception	Since its establishment in 2002, Les Ballets Persans has been collaborating with national ballet ensembles of former USSR countries.	Les Ballets Persans	2002
inception	Low Cut Connie is a rock and roll band established in Philadelphia in 2010.	Low Cut Connie	2010
inception	The Assembly of the Independentist Youth (Galician: Assembleia da Mocidade Independentista; or AMI) is a Galacian independentist and socialist and feminist political organization formed and formally established by young people in Bueu in 1996, although it have been working in coordination since 1993.	Assembleia da Mocidade Independentista	1996
inception	Yeniseysk was founded in 1619 as a stockaded town--the first town on the Yenisei River.	Yeniseysk	1619
inception	Kyunghyang Shinmun was founded in 1946 by the Catholic Church, which explains its name.	Kyunghyang Shinmun	1946
inception	Associação Portuguesa Londrinense, usually known simply as Portuguesa Londrinense, is a Brazilian football team from the city of Londrina, Paraná state, founded on May 14, 1950.	Associação Portuguesa Londrinense	1950
inception	Businessman and philanthropist George A. Weiss founded Say Yes to Education, Inc. in 1987, initially making a promise to 112 sixth graders at Belmont Elementary School in Philadelphia that he would cover the expenses of their college tuition if they graduated from high school.	Say Yes to Education	1987
inception	In 1877, Primrose and West were playing with a minstrel troupe owned by J. H. Haverly.	Primrose and West	1877
inception	The Concordia Political Alliance (CPA) is a political party in Sint Maarten founded in 2010 by Jeffry Richardson, a one-time executive assistant to former Democratic Party commissioners Roy Marlin and Louie Laveist.	Concordia Political Alliance	2010
inception	Madanapalle Institute of Technology and Science also known as MITS is established in 1998 in Madanapalle, Chittoor district of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Madanapalle Institute of Technology and Science	1998
inception	It was renamed La Libre Belgique and was published as part of the underground press in February 1915 during the occupation of Belgium by German Empire.	La Libre Belgique	1915
inception	The Cornwall Wildlife Trust is a charitable organisation founded in 1962 that is concerned solely with Cornwall, England.	Cornwall Wildlife Trust	1962
inception	Mookambigai College of Engineering was established in 1985 under Sri Mariamman Educational, Health and Charitable Trust, Woraiyur, Tiruchirappalli.	Mookambigai College of Engineering	1985
inception	Trijicon was founded in 1981 by Glyn Bindon as Armson USA, the sole US importer and distributor of the Armson OEG.	Trijicon	1981
inception	Since April 2008, Austrojet operated the Salzburg --	Austrojet	2008
inception	Hodeidah University (also spelled Hodeida University), (Arabic=جامعة الحديدة) was established in Hodeida as an official University in 1996.	Hodeidah University	1996
inception	Essex Records was founded in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in 1951 by David Miller primarily to record contemporary country and western, rhythm and blues as well as jazz and gospel.	Essex Records	1951
inception	Sävsjö HK is a handball club in Sävsjö, Sweden, established on 1 August 1978.	Sävsjö HK	1 August 1978
inception	Falkland Islands Dependencies was the constitutional arrangement for administering the British territories in Sub-Antarctica and Antarctica from 1843 until 1985.	Falkland Islands Dependencies	1843
inception	Dragnerve are a London based heavy metal band formed in 2007.	Dragnerve	2007
inception	The Rajyadhikara Party is a new political party, comprising 94 castes of Backward Classes (BC), established in 2007 in Andhra Pradesh, India by V.G.R. Naragoni as its Founder-President.	Rajyadhikara Party	2007
inception	In 1993, River North Records signed a deal with vocalist Peter Cetera to record some of Cetera's albums.	River North Records	1993
inception	IN2 is a privately-owned company established in 1992, that designs and develops information systems based on advanced information technologies.	IN2	1992
inception	Evil Masquerade is a Scandinavian heavy metal band formed in 2003.	Evil Masquerade	2003
inception	The Vice Regent Stakes is a Canadian Thoroughbred horse race run annually since 1997 at the end of August at Woodbine Racetrack in Toronto, Ontario.	Vice Regent Stakes	1997
inception	The history of Schleissheim Palace started with a renaissance country house (1598) and hermitage founded by William V close to Dachau Palace.	Schleissheim Palace	1598
inception	The Denver Cutthroats were a minor league ice hockey team, as a member of the Central Hockey League, that began play in the 2012--13 season.	Denver Cutthroats	2012
inception	Massachusetts Convention Fandom, Inc. (MCFI) is an American 501(c)(3) tax-exempt non-profit organization incorporated in 1974 as an administrative vehicle for proposing, promoting, and running World Science Fiction Conventions (Worldcons) and other special (non-ongoing) SF conventions in the New England area.	Massachusetts Convention Fandom, Inc	1974
inception	Clonmel Junction Festival was established in 2001 and has grown to be one of the most significant cultural celebrations of the Irish summer festival season.	Clonmel Junction Festival	2001
inception	The MPA was founded as Max Planck Institute for Physics and Astrophysics in 1958 and split into the Max Planck Institute for Astrophysics and the Max Planck Institute for Physics in 1991.	Max Planck Institute for Astrophysics	1991
inception	Pandemic Studios was an independent developer founded in 1998.	Pandemic Studios	1998
inception	Established in Dublin 1988, Kerlin Gallery has built its international reputation through the representation of leading contemporary artists both from Ireland and abroad.	Kerlin Gallery	1988
inception	The Bronko Nagurski Trophy has been awarded annually since 1993 to the collegiate American football player adjudged by the membership of the Football Writers Association of America (FWAA) to be the best defensively in the National Collegiate Athletic Association; the award is presented by the Charlotte Touchdown Club and the FWAA.	Bronko Nagurski Trophy	1993
inception	Kent Innovation High opened in Grand Rapids, Michigan in 2011 with one hundred freshmen, four facilitators, and supporting administration.	Kent Innovation High	2011
inception	The Australian National Line was formed on 1 October 1956 as the Australian Coastal Shipping Commission with the passing of the Australian Coastal Shipping Commission Act.	Australian National Line	1 October 1956
inception	Zorch International is a promotional marketing firm that focuses on branding, founded in 2002.	Zorch International	2002
inception	The company was founded by the De'Longhi family in 1902 as a small industrial parts manufacturing workshop.	De'Longhi	1902
inception	The Champions Hockey League is a European ice hockey tournament launched by 26 clubs, 6 leagues and the International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF), which started in the 2014--15 season.	Champions Hockey League	2014
inception	Magal Security Systems Ltd. was founded in 1969 as a department of the Israel Aerospace Industries (IAI).	Magal Security Systems	1969
inception	The Kuopio Province (Finnish: Kuopion lääni, Swedish: Kuopio län) was a province of Finland from 1831 to 1997.	Kuopio Province	1831
inception	Vipnet has been operating a GSM network since 1 July 1999 and introduced many new services unknown before in Croatia - prepaid, MMS roaming and others.	Vipnet	1999
inception	2SSR began permanently broadcasting on the 26 September 1992.	2SSR	1992
inception	Figleaves.com is a UK-based online lingerie retailer established by Daniel Nabarro in 1988 and purchased by N Brown Group in 2010.	Figleaves	1988
inception	Les Percussions de Guinée was founded in 1987 by the Ministry of Information, Culture, and Tourism of the Republic of Guinea with the meeting between seven nationals drummers and the French artist François Kokelaere.	Les Percussions de Guinée	1987
inception	The Cumberland Panthers were founded in 1993, starting out in the Mosquito level of the National Capital Amateur Football Association.	Cumberland Panthers	1993
inception	Studioseven Recordings is a Japanese record label founded in 2006 which is a subsidiary of Sony Music Records.	Studioseven Recordings	2006
inception	In 1927 it was registered as the Hamburger Segel-Club at the registry in Hamburg.	Hamburger Segel-Club	1927
inception	Psychonaut Records is an independent record label founded in 1999 by Dutch rock band The Gathering.	Psychonaut Records	1999
inception	Thai Square was founded in 1996 when the first branch opened on The Strand in central London.	Thai Square	1996
inception	Started by Alan Kay, Viewpoints Research Institute (VPRI) is a nonprofit public benefit organization incorporated in 2001 to improve ``powerful ideas education'' for the world's children and to advance the state of systems research and personal computing.	Viewpoints Research Institute	2001
inception	The Media Council of Papua New Guinea (MCPNG) was established in 1985 and is a body responsible for the development of media and the regulator of media services in Papua New Guinea (PNG).	Media Council of Papua New Guinea	1985
inception	Created in 2006, the Open de Suède Vårgårda is part of the UCI Women's Road World Cup and sanctioned by the Swedish Cycling Federation.	Open de Suède Vårgårda	2006
inception	The first edition of the Italian Contemporary Film Festival was held in Toronto, Ontario between June 26 and July 1, 2012.	Italian Contemporary Film Festival	2012
inception	Eventually, Hirth returned to aircraft engine manufacturing in 1965, but in 1974 went into voluntary liquidation.	Hirth	1974
inception	X.A.N. Thessaloniki B.C. is the basketball department of the Greek multi-sports club X.A.N. Thessaloniki (Greek: Χριστιανική Αδελφότητα Νέων Θεσσαλονίκης, which means Young Men's Christian Association of Thessaloniki), that was originally founded in 1921, and is based in Thessaloniki, Greece.	X.A.N. Thessaloniki B.C.	1921
inception	Officer Kicks are a British rock group who formed in early 2005 in Southeast London.	Officer Kicks	2005
inception	KJTY signed on as a locally-owned religious station in 1985, Joy 88, owned by Joy Public Broadcasting.	KJTY	1985
inception	The Church was formed on January 1, 2009, when the Evangelical Church of the Church Province of Saxony merged with the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Thuringia and became the Evangelical Church in Central Germany.	Evangelical Church in Central Germany	2009
inception	The Minor Seminary of Our Lady of Fatima, the oldest Roman Catholic Seminary in East Timor was founded in 1936.	Seminary of Our Lady of Fatima	1936
inception	Founded in 2006 by Bryan Leach, the New York based company is home to record label Polo Grounds Music, which is distributed through RCA Records.	Polo Grounds Music	2006
inception	The Leyland Band was established in 1946 in the heart of industrial Lancashire as the Leyland Motors Band, taking its name from the world famous truck and bus company.	Leyland Band	1946
inception	Youtoo America, formerly known as Youtoo TV, American Life TV Network (ALN), GoodLife TV Network, Nostalgia Television, Nostalgia Channel and America One, is an American television network launched on February 1, 1985 as a cable channel.	Youtoo America	1985
inception	The company Anton Schlüter München was founded in 1898, by councillor of commerce (German:Kommerzienrat) Anton Schlüter.	Anton Schlüter München	1898
inception	The Summer Slaughter Tour is an annual heavy metal music tour held every year since 2007.	The Summer Slaughter Tour	2007
inception	The Muppets Studio, LLC, formerly The Muppets Holding Company, LLC, is a wholly owned entertainment subsidiary of Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media Labs, formed in 2004 through The Walt Disney Company's acquisition of The Muppets and Bear in the Big Blue House assets from The Jim Henson Company.	The Muppets Studio	2004
inception	Tiger Bell is a punk rock band from Luleå, based in Stockholm, Sweden formed in September 2010 by Lovisa Thurfjell (lead vocals/rhythm guitar), Canan Rosén (bass/backup vocals), Lisa Löfgren (lead guitar/backup vocals), and Lotta Wennström (drums).	Tiger Bell	2010
inception	The Eckersberg Medal was created in 1883, on the 100th birthday of its namesake.	Eckersberg Medal	1883
inception	H2biz was founded in November 2008 as a social business network.	H2biz	2008
inception	The parliament of the republic declared the sovereignty of Belarus on 27 July 1990, and during the dissolution of the Soviet Union, Belarus declared independence on 25 August 1991.	Belarus	25 August 1991
inception	The Tour of Almaty is an annual professional road bicycle racing classic one-day race held in Kazakhstan since 2013.	Tour of Almaty	2013
inception	Shortly after Harvey Kornspan negotiated the band's landmark contract with Capitol/EMI Records in 1967, the band shortened its name to the Steve Miller Band.	Steve Miller Band	1967
inception	Lagos Business School (LBS) started in 1991 as a small institution called the Centre for Professional Communications (CPC) and offered management courses relevant to the Nigerian business environment.	Lagos Business School	1991
inception	High Risk Books was founded in New York City in 1993, as an imprint of Serpent's Tail Press of London.	High Risk Books	1993
inception	The original Farmer's Almanac founded in 1792, Old Farmer's Almanac is a reference book that contains weather forecasts, tide tables, planting charts, astronomical data, recipes, and articles on a number of topics, including gardening, sports, astronomy, and farming.	Old Farmer's Almanac	1792
inception	It was launched on 27 August 1997 as ZDFinfokanal.	ZDFinfo	1997
inception	Belier is the designation of a single-step French elevator research rocket, which in three versions between 1961 and 1970 by Hammaguir, Salto di Quirra, Ile you Levant and Kourou was started.	Belier	1961
inception	In May 2004, Cerberus Capital Management, along with a team of senior leaders from the division, purchased the assets of the distribution division from Georgia-Pacific, forming the company known today as BlueLinx Corporation.	BlueLinx	2004
inception	ActBlue is a United States political action committee established in June 2004 that enables anyone to raise money on the Internet for the Democratic Party candidates of their choice.	ActBlue	2004
inception	It was founded on 26 August 1941, But after the dividing of Pakistan it has run their activities as Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami.	Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami	1941
inception	Patuakhali Medical College (PkMC) (Bengali: পটুয়াখালী মেডিকেল কলেজ) is a government medical school in Bangladesh, established in 2014.	Patuakhali Medical College	2014
inception	The Party for the Autonomy of Gibraltar (PAG) was a minority right-wing political party in Gibraltar founded on 7 September 1977.	Party for the Autonomy of Gibraltar	7 September 1977
inception	LoveCat Music is an America based independent record company and music publisher, founded in 1999 with a catalog of over 10,000 songs from a varied roster of songwriter-artists.	LoveCat Music	1999
inception	The Army of Mainz (Armée de Mayence) was a French Revolutionary Army set up on 9 December 1797 by splitting the Armée d'Allemagne into the Armée de Mayence and the Armée du Rhin.	Army of Mainz	1797
inception	Object Design, Incorporated (often called ODI) was a software company founded in 1988 which developed and commercialized an object database called ObjectStore.	Object Design, Incorporated	1988
inception	Hong Kong Futsal League (Chinese: 香港五人足球聯賽) is the official futsal league held by Hong Kong Football Association, established in 2010.	Hong Kong Futsal League	2010
inception	Tour de Leelanau was a USA Cycling road bicycle racing event held annually from 2005 to 2008 in Leelanau County, Michigan (near Traverse City).	Tour de Leelanau	2005
inception	Horasis is an independent think tank based in Zurich, Switzerland, which was established in 2005 by Frank-Jürgen Richter, its chairman.	Horasis	2005
inception	Originally founded in 1985 as LAN Systems, the company's software product assets were acquired by Intel in 1991, forming Intel's LANDESK division.	LANDESK	1985
inception	In 1932, James Work, an aeronautical engineer, bought the division for US$30,000 and created the Brewster Aeronautical Corporation.	Brewster Aeronautical Corporation	1932
inception	Glitter Pals was a two piece band formed in 2004 by then Vassar College students Mookie Singerman and Jake Friedman, their name taking inspiration from the glitter that would remain on their sweat drenched bodies after their intense lovemaking sessions in their 'glitter box'.	Glitter Pals	2004
inception	Audiolith Records was founded in 2003 by Lars Lewerenz, who had worked for Dim Mak Records before and had been an active member of the band Dos Stilettos.	Audiolith Records	2003
inception	Lighthouse Christian Academy, in Santa Monica, California, is a private, non-profit college preparatory school founded in 1992 as an outgrowth of the Lighthouse Church School (founded in 1983).	Lighthouse Christian Academy	1992
inception	After the princely House of Eggenberg had become extinct, Gradisca was re-unified with Gorizia in 1754, creating the County of Gorizia and Gradisca (Grafschaft Görz und Gradisca / Contea di Gorizia e Gradisca).	Gorizia and Gradisca	1754
inception	North American Van Lines was established in 1933 by a group of 12 agents.	North American Van Lines	1933
inception	Shakinouts are an English indie rock band who formed in 2007 and ended in 2011.	Shakinouts	2007
inception	The Stadtbrauerei Spalt (Spalt City Brewery in German) is a brewery in the Middle Franconian town of Spalt which was created in the year 1879 through the merger of numerous smaller breweries.	Stadtbrauerei Spalt	1879
inception	The GLBT History Museum of Central Florida began in 2005 as the GLBT History Project when a small group came together to plan a history exhibit in the Orange County History Center as part of the first Come Out With Pride (COWP) celebration.	GLBT History Museum of Central Florida	2005
inception	Founded in 1982, the Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research is a non-profit research and teaching institution located in Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA.	Whitehead Institute	1982
inception	Miss World Denmark is a beauty pageant that came into existence in 2004 when the Miss Denmark competition split into two separate competitions:	Miss World Denmark	2004
inception	Beyond Fear is a heavy metal band started in March, 2005 by Tim ``Ripper'' Owens after he left Judas Priest as a side-project apart from his former work with Iced Earth.	Beyond Fear	2005
inception	It provided operational and technical electronic combat expertise for US combat air forces from 1993 to 1998 when it was inactivated and replaced by the 53d Electronic Warfare Group due to USAF policy that groups carry the same number as their parent wing.	53d Electronic Warfare Group	1998
inception	The first-ever Miss Tibet Pageant was produced by Lobsang Wangyal in October 2002.	Miss Tibet	2002
inception	In 1987, the Parliament of Queensland granted Bond University university status via the passage of the Bond University Act.	Bond University	1987
inception	The NOH8 Campaign was created in 2009 as a result of the amendment of Proposition 8.	NOH8 Campaign	2009
inception	Royn Hvalba or Bóltfelagið Royn or just Royn is a Faroese football and sports association from Hvalba in Suðuroy, founded 23 October 1923.	Royn Hvalba	1923
inception	Deepfield was formed in Charleston, SC in 2005 by Baxter Teal, Eric Bass (now the bassist for Shinedown), Russell Lee (drums) and J. King (original bass player, moved over to guitar when Bass left the band to pursue producing and recording).	Deepfield	2005
inception	Orgia Pravednikov (Russian: Оргия Праведников, translated as 'Orgy of The Righteous') is a Russian rock group formed in 1999.	Orgia Pravednikov	1999
inception	Ushirogami Hikaretai (うしろ髪ひかれ隊) is a Japanese idol Jpop band, created in 1987 and disbanded in 1988, third sub-group of Onyanko Club, consisting of three of its members:	Ushirogami Hikaretai	1987
inception	The Blue Nose Marathon is a charity road marathon that has been held each spring in Halifax since 2004.	Blue Nose Marathon	2004
inception	The Toronto Youth Shorts Film Festival was founded in 2009 by Henry Wong, a graduate of the University of Toronto Scarborough where he coordinated screenings of student films.	Toronto Youth Shorts Film Festival	2009
inception	GAIL D.A.V. Public School (Hindi: गेल डी.ए.वी पब्लिक स्कूल, स्थापित- १९९७), is an English medium co-educational senior secondary school established in 1997 situated at Gail Gaon, Dibiyapur, Auraiya, Uttar Pradesh, India.	GAIL D.A.V. Public School	1997
inception	The Warwick Economics Summit began in 2002 with an audience of 170 students.	Warwick Economics Summit	2002
inception	The present site opened in 1957, became the County Technical College in 1961, transformed again in 1987, becoming the Northumberland College of Arts and Technology, and finally settled upon its current status in 1995.	Northumberland College	1995
inception	The Jacksonville Braves were a minor league baseball team based in Jacksonville, Florida, U.S. The Class A affiliate of the Milwaukee Braves Major League Baseball team, they played in the South Atlantic League (the ``Sally League'') from 1953 to 1961.	Jacksonville Braves	1953
inception	Founded in 2005 by a group of Montreal investors, Brazzers became part of a larger group of pornographic sites under the corporate name of Mansef.	Brazzers	2005
inception	Otpor! was formed in Belgrade on 10 October 1998 in response to a controversial piece of legislation in Serbia -- the university law -- introduced earlier that year by the Serbian government under Prime Minister Mirko Marjanović.	Otpor!	10 October 1998
inception	The Metal Roofing Alliance (MRA) was formed in 1998 by a group of metal roofing manufacturers with the main goal of educating consumers about the benefits of metal roofing.	Metal Roofing Alliance	1998
inception	The Cooperative Baptist Fellowship (CBF) is a Christian fellowship of Baptist churches formed in 1991.	Cooperative Baptist Fellowship	1991
inception	The Arrogant Worms came together in 1991 to do a few spots on campus radio station CFRC in Kingston, Ontario, and quickly moved to doing spots on CBC Radio, particularly on Jack Farr's The Radio Show.	The Arrogant Worms	1991
inception	Surreal Software was founded in 1995 as an independent video game development studio by Alan Patmore, Stuart Denman, Nick Radovich and Mike Nichols.	Surreal Software	1995
inception	Black Swan Lane is a US/UK indie rock band/project founded in 2007 by Jack Sobel and John Kolbeck (formerly of The Messengers), and Mark Burgess (formerly of The Chameleons, The Sun and the Moon, and Bird).	Black Swan Lane	2007
inception	Created by Lycos and launched in mid October, 2010, Weather Zombie is a website that provides weather forecasting via a weather data feed from AccuWeather and relayed through various weather themed zombies.	Weather Zombie	2010
inception	Agenzia Stefani was the leading press agency in Italy from the mid-19th century until the end of World War II. It was founded by Guglielmo Stefani on 26 January 1853 in Turin, and was closed on 29 April 1945 in Milan.	Agenzia Stefani	1853
inception	The first company of the Kombassan Group, a printing house, was founded in Konya in late 1988.	Kombassan	1988
inception	România TV is a 24-hour Romanian news television, launched on December 1, 2011.	România TV	2011
inception	The Arnold Schönberg Center, established in 1998 in Vienna, is a unique repository of Arnold Schönberg's archival legacy and a cultural center that is open to the public.	Arnold Schönberg Center	1998
inception	FC Zvezda Ryazan (Russian: ФК ``Звезда Рязань'') is an association football club from Ryazan, Russia, founded in 2010 after FC Ryazan was dissolved.	FC Zvezda Ryazan	2010
inception	He founded John Thompson Productions in 1997.	John Thompson Productions	1997
inception	Dunya School was a part of Khazar University and was established by professor Hamlet Isaxanli (Isayev) (or Hamlet Isakhanli) in September 1998 in Baku, Azerbaijan with the objective to educate preschool and school students, individuals of 3--18 years old.	Dunya School	1998
inception	The Fuerzas Especiales (Special Forces), also known as FES (the initials of their motto), is a special operations unit of the Mexican Navy officially established in late 2001.	Fuerzas Especiales	2001
inception	The Grantham Prize was an annual journalism award awarded between September 2005 and October 2012.	Grantham Prize	2005
inception	Launched in 1997 by Thai company BEC-TERO, TV3 Ghana airs and produces a variety of television programmes including acclaimed news bulletins, dramas and successful reality television and entertainment shows.	TV3 Ghana	1997
inception	The Unified Nepal National Front (UNNF, established 15 August 2005) is a political organisation whose main objective is the return of the territories of Nepal lost as a result of Sugauli Treaty on 4 March 1816.	Unified Nepal National Front	2005
inception	Poble Lliure was founded in November 2014 from historical militants of the Movement for Defence of the Land (MDT) and independents linked to social movements.	Poble Lliure	2014
inception	International Hepato-Pancreato-Biliary Association (IHPBA) is a non-profit organization established in 1994 to focus on medical conditions and procedures related to the liver, pancreas and biliary tract.	International Hepato-Pancreato-Biliary Association	1994
inception	Sear Bliss is a black metal band from Szombathely, Hungary, formed in 1993 by bassist, vocalist and now also keyboardist András Nagy.	Sear Bliss	1993
inception	On February 25, 2010, both companies signed an agreement to unite their respective business activities by transferring selected assets and liabilities of both companies a new company to be called PMFTC, Inc., with each party holding an equal economic interest.	PMFTC	2010
inception	Nizhny Novgorod Governorate (Russian: Нижегородская губерния, Nizhegorodskaya guberniya), was an administrative division (a guberniya) of the Russian Empire, which existed from 1714 to 1929.	Nizhny Novgorod Governorate	1714
inception	The Free State of Lippe (German: Freistaat Lippe) was a German state formed after the Principality of Lippe was abolished following the German Revolution of 1918.	Free State of Lippe	1918
inception	He relaunched the website in January 25, 2010 with the name Bilibili.	Bilibili	2010
inception	The Hong Kong Film Critics Society (HKFCS; Traditional Chinese: 香港電影評論學會), founded in 1995, is the first organization of film critics and professionals in Hong Kong.	Hong Kong Film Critics Society	1995
inception	The Oakland Skates were a professional roller hockey team and were a member team in Roller Hockey International (RHI) from 1993 through 1996.	Oakland Skates	1993
inception	Inaugurated in 1993, the Cicada Stakes was run at a distance of seven furlongs until 2006 when it was modified to six furlongs.	Cicada Stakes	1993
inception	Jefferson Dollars for Scholars is a Jefferson Parish, Louisiana based philanthropic organization founded in 1993 whose mission is to expand access to educational opportunities for Jefferson Parish Public Schools students through scholarships and academic support.	Jefferson Dollars for Scholars	1993
inception	Tree Canada began in 1992 under the name ``The National Community Tree Foundation'' and was originally funded by the Canadian Forest Service (CFS), a branch of the government ministry Natural Resources Canada.	Tree Canada	1992
inception	This Act was amended in 2004 to formalise the relationship with Charles Darwin University (CDU).	Charles Darwin University	2004
inception	The Quill Award was an American literary award that ran for three years in 2005-2007.	Quill Award	2005
inception	The Palestinian Broadcasting Corporation (Arabic: ``هيئة الإذاعة و التلفزيون الفلسطينية'') (PBC) was established on 1 July 1994 and is within the jurisdiction of the Palestinian Authority.	Palestinian Broadcasting Corporation	1994
inception	The Action Reconciliation Service for Peace (German: Aktion Sühnezeichen Friedensdienste, or ASF) was founded in 1958 by the synod of the Evangelical Church in Germany, driven by the efforts of Lothar Kreyssig.	Action Reconciliation Service for Peace	1958
inception	Fresh Faces is an annual international modeling contest launched in 2010 by ModelManagement.com, an online social networking website for models, photographers, modeling agencies and other fashion industry professionals.	Fresh Faces	2010
inception	Tamil Nadu Open University (TNOU) is the 10th Open University in the country, was established in 2002 by the government of Tamil Nadu, India.	Tamil Nadu Open University	2002
inception	The Serbian Women's Cup (Serbian: Kupa Srbija za zene) is the national women's football cup competition in Serbia and was first held in 2007.	Serbian Women's Cup	2007
inception	Amano Artisan Chocolate was founded by Art Pollard and Clark Goble in 2006, in Orem, Utah.	Amano Artisan Chocolate	2006
inception	The Bechuanaland Protectorate /bɛˈtʃwɑːnəˌlænd/ was a protectorate established on 31 March 1885, by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in southern Africa.	Bechuanaland Protectorate	1885
inception	Valencian Marxist Front (in Valencian: Front Marxista Valencià), an underground communist group in the Valencian Community, Spain, founded in 1954 by youth active in Lo Rat Penat.	Valencian Marxist Front	1954
inception	Suntribe was an Estonian girl band that participated in the 50th Eurovision Song Contest in 2005.	Suntribe	2005
inception	Founded in 1984, the Hanover-based Musica Alta Ripa is well-known for their historically-informed musical performances.	Musica Alta Ripa	1984
inception	Xenophile Media is a Toronto-based cross-platform production company founded in 2002 by Patrick Crowe and Thomas Wallner.	Xenophile Media	2002
inception	Salon de thé François was established in 1934 by Shōichi Tateno (September 7, 1908 -- June 6, 1995).	Salon de thé François	1934
inception	Since launching in 2006 Mercy Mission has been working on placing domestic poverty firmly on the agenda of the Muslim community.	Mercy Mission	2006
inception	The 2 Bears are a British musical duo formed in 2009 composed of Joe Goddard (of electronic band Hot Chip) and Raf Rundell (previously of 1965 Records).	The 2 Bears	2009
inception	The Second International (1889--1916), the original Socialist International, was an organization of socialist and labour parties formed in Paris on July 14, 1889.	Second International	1889
inception	Brandon Paris Band is a Canadian rock band from Vancouver, British Columbia, Brandon Paris started the band in 2002.	Brandon Paris Band	2002
inception	The Knoxville Ice Bears were founded in 2002 as a charter member of the Atlantic Coast Hockey League.	Knoxville Ice Bears	2002
inception	Central University of Tamil Nadu (CUTN) was established by an Act of Parliament (No.25 of 20 March 2009).	Central University of Tamil Nadu	2009
inception	A free version of ManageFlitter was launched in February 2010 and a commercial ``Pro'' version of ManageFlitter was launched in February 2011.	ManageFlitter	2010
inception	Game Informer debuted in August 1991 when FuncoLand started publishing a six-page magazine.	Game Informer	August 1991
inception	Diesel Only Records is a Brooklyn-based country music record label established in 1990 by musician-journalist Jeremy Tepper, then also the lead singer of the World Famous Blue Jays.	Diesel Only Records	1990
inception	The Textile Museum of Canada was founded as the Canadian Museum of Carpets and Textiles in 1975 by Max Allen and Simon Waegemaekers.	Textile Museum of Canada	1975
inception	The Hans Christian Andersen Literature Award is a Danish literary award established in 2010.	Hans Christian Andersen Literature Award	2010
inception	The École nationale d'administration (ENA; French pronunciation: ​(ekɔl nasjɔnal dadministʁasjɔ̃); English: National School of Administration), one of the French graduate schools (Grandes écoles), was created in 1945 by Charles de Gaulle to democratise access to the senior civil service.	École nationale d'administration	1945
inception	Trinity River National Wildlife Refuge was established on January 4, 1994 with an initial purchase of 4,400 acres (18 km2).	Trinity River National Wildlife Refuge	1994
inception	The self-titled debut album Quadron was released in late July 2009.	Quadron	2009
inception	Cooper Firearms of Montana was founded in 1990 by Dan Cooper and two other former Kimber of Oregon employees.	Cooper Firearms of Montana	1990
inception	Chain Collector is a heavy metal band from Norway that formed in 2003.	Chain Collector	2003
inception	The Social Weather Stations or SWS is a social research institution in the Philippines founded in August 1985.	Social Weather Stations	1985
inception	Daimler-Motoren-Gesellschaft (DMG) (Daimler Motors Corporation) was a German engine and later automobile manufacturer, in operation from 1890 until 1926.	Daimler-Motoren-Gesellschaft	1890
inception	The Weimarer Passion, BWV deest (BC D 1), is a hypothetical Passion oratorio by Johann Sebastian Bach, thought to have been performed at Gotha in 1717.	Weimarer Passion	1717
inception	Revionics was founded in 2002 in Roseville, California, The company acquired Retail Optimization in July 2012 and acquired SkuLoop in November 2012.	Revionics	2002
inception	The construction permit of WBWZ was awarded in 1991 to Betty Walker, the mother of then-WRWD owner William H. (``Bud'') Walker and owner of an area apple orchard.	WBWZ	1991
inception	Storenvy first launched as an online store builder in 2010.	Storenvy	2010
inception	Enfora was established in 1999 and is a provider of wireless networking solutions that enable businesses to access, analyze and leverage information from their geographically dispersed assets.	Enfora	1999
inception	École/Collège régional Gabrielle-Roy, built in 1984, is a French-language high school in Île-des-Chênes, Manitoba, Canada.	École/Collège régional Gabrielle-Roy	1984
inception	Arseus was formerly the Professional Health Division of Omega Pharma, and became an independent entity via an IPO on October 5, 2007 and has been listed on NYSE Euronext Brussels and NYSE Euronext Amsterdam since then.	Arseus	2007
inception	The Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock/Metal Performance Vocal or Instrumental was an award presented at the 31st Grammy Awards in 1989 to honor quality hard rock/metal works (albums or songs).	Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock/Metal Performance	1989
inception	The Moscow Student Conference on Linguistics (MSCL) is an annual student linguistic conference, which started in 2006.	Moscow Student Conference on Linguistics	2006
inception	Jimmy LaSalvia and Christopher R. Barron co-founded GOProud on April 15, 2009.	GOProud	2009
inception	The World Jewish Congress (WJC) was founded in Geneva, Switzerland, in August 1936 as an international federation of Jewish communities and organizations.	World Jewish Congress	August 1936
inception	Pitch Black Forecast is a Groove Metal supergroup formed in 2005 with a lineup consisting of Mushroomhead frontman Jason Popson and ex-Strapping Young Lad drummer Gene Hoglan and former Integrity bassist Steve Rauckhorst.	Pitch Black Forecast	2005
inception	Western Norway Film Commission (WNFC) was the first regional film commission in Norway, established in 2003.	Western Norway Film Commission	2003
inception	Bullying UK, formerly Bullying Online, is a UK charity founded in 1999 by journalist Liz Carnell and her son John.	Bullying UK	1999
inception	African International Airways was established and started operations in 1985 in Swaziland, initially concentrating on contract services on behalf of other airlines.	African International Airways	1985
inception	X-Mas Project was a supergroup formed in 1985 by a number of German heavy metal musicians.	X-Mas Project	1985
inception	Small World Software was a New York City company that was founded in February 1994 by Scott Murphy, Mark Jacobstein and Seth Aron.	Small World Software	1994
inception	Vantive Corporation was founded in 1990 as ProActive Software by Roger Sippl (also founder of Informix), and Steven Goldsworthy (Informix worker).	Vantive	1990
inception	International Society for Traumatic Stress Studies (ISTSS) was established on March 2, 1985 in Washington, D.C. for professionals to share information about the effects of trauma.	International Society for Traumatic Stress Studies	1985
inception	The Reading Fringe Festival was started in 2005 in Reading, Berkshire, after a group of several musicians, producers and promoters decided to showcase Reading's musical talent in the week running up to the Reading Festival.	Reading Fringe Festival	2005
inception	The Microfinance Investment Support Facility for Afghanistan (MISFA) was set up in 2003 at the invitation of the Afghan government -- to get donor coordination right from the start and avoid the counter-productive efforts that have emerged from conflicting donor objectives in other post-conflict situations.	Microfinance Investment Support Facility for Afghanistan	2003
inception	Michael Werner Gallery is an art gallery founded by Michael Werner in New York City during the year 1990.	Michael Werner Gallery	1990
inception	Qingling Motors Co., Ltd. (庆铃汽车有限公司) with headquarters in Chongqing is a Chinese automotive and commercial vehicle manufacturers, in place since May 1985.	Qingling Motors	1985
inception	The Porters of Hellsgate Theatre Co. is a Los Angeles-based classical theatre company that was founded in 2006 by Edward Castuera, Jack Leahy and Charles Pasternak.	The Porters of Hellsgate	2006
inception	Many years later in 2002, Hall County Schools added two new high schools, a new Flowery Branch High School and Chestatee High School in the northern part of the county.	Flowery Branch High School	2002
inception	Founded in 1979 by Advent veterans Andy Kotsatos and Frank Reed, Boston Acoustics is a manufacturer of home and mobile audio equipment.	Boston Acoustics	1979
inception	Founded in 2001, Jeonju International Sori Festival (전주세계소리축제) is Korea's main event for traditional music and, since 2011, world music.	Jeonju International Sori Festival	2001
inception	The Australian Mathematical Sciences Institute (AMSI) was established in 2002 in response to a need for collaboration in the mathematical sciences to strengthen mathematics and statistics especially in the universities.	Australian Mathematical Sciences Institute	2002
inception	Light Pupil Dilate was an American rock trio from Atlanta, Georgia that formed in 2001.	Light Pupil Dilate	2001
inception	The Army then established an anti-PKI trade union, the Central Organization of Indonesian Workers, or Soksi (Sentral Organisasi Karyawan Swadiri Indonesia), and used this as the core of an Army-led Joint Secretariat of Functional Groups, or Sekber Golkar, which was officially established on October 20, 1964.	Golkar	1964
inception	Blacklodge is an industrial black metal band from France, founded in 1998 by Saint Vincent in Grenoble.	Blacklodge	1998
inception	Camps International was founded in 2002 by Stuart Rees Jones, to sell volunteer expeditions to Diani, Kenya, of which volunteers would participate in projects related to the local school.	Camps International	2002
inception	The 9th SS Panzer Division Hohenstaufen was formed, along with its sister formation 10th SS Panzer Division Frundsberg, in France in February 1943.	9th SS Panzer Division Hohenstaufen	1943
inception	The restaurant chain was established in 1985 by Rocco Pantaleo and Felice Nania when they bought a run-down pizza parlour called La Porchetta in Rathdowne Street Carlton .	La Porchetta	1985
inception	SMERSH (Russian: СМЕРШ -- acronym of 'death to spies' -- Russian: Смерть шпионам (SMERt' SHpionam)) was an umbrella organisation for three independent counter-intelligence agencies in the Red Army formed in late 1942 or even earlier, but officially announced only on 14 April 1943.	SMERSH	1943
inception	It is established by the Bureau of Indian Standards Act, 1986 which came into effect on 23 December 1986.	Bureau of Indian Standards	1986
inception	The Prison Services (Operational Duties) Long Service and Good Conduct Medal was established by Royal Warrant on 17 December 2010.	Prison Services (Operational Duties) Long Service and Good Conduct Medal	2010
inception	Obi Worldphone, previously Obi Mobiles, is a Silicon Valley smartphone manufacturer founded in 2014 by former Apple Inc. and PepsiCo CEO John Sculley.	Obi Worldphone	2014
inception	The Indigenous Peoples' Games (Portuguese: Jogos dos Povos Indígenas) are a Brazilian multi-sport event for indigenous peoples, founded in 1996 by the Inter Tribal Council (ITC) with the support of the Brazilian Ministry of Sports.	Indigenous Peoples' Games	1996
inception	Nico Touches the Walls (stylized as NICO Touches the Walls) is a Japanese rock band formed in 2004.	Nico Touches the Walls	2004
inception	D.I.O. Drogist (abbreviated Dutch Drogisten Inkoop Organisatie) is a Dutch pharmacy chain founded in 1992.	D.I.O. Drogist	1992
inception	Gassco was founded by the Ministry of Petroleum and Energy (MPE) on 14 May 2001, and took over the operatorship of all gas transport from the Norwegian continental shelf on 1 January 2002.	Gassco	2001
inception	The Civic Association of Potosí (Spanish: Asociación Cívica de Potosí - ACP) is a Nicaraguan political organization founded in 1996 in Potosí, Rivas, under the figure of a popular subscription association.	Civic Association of Potosí	1996
inception	Defrage is an Estonian metal and rock band formed in 2007.	Defrage	2007
inception	Wirthlin Worldwide was a political and business consulting firm founded by Richard Wirthlin in 1969.	Wirthlin Worldwide	1969
inception	PGS Entertainment is a French 3-D animation company which began in 2008 whose slogan is ``Managing Iconic Brands for Kids & Family''.	PGS Entertainment	2008
inception	The ArsDigita Prize, sponsored by ArsDigita and Philip Greenspun, was awarded annually in June 1999, 2000, and 2001 to young people who created ``useful, educational, and collaborative'' non-commercial Web sites.	ArsDigita Prize	1999
inception	The Club was established as FC Bendigo in 2014 as part of the newly formed National Premier Leagues Victoria (NPL) competition, and then reformed as Bendigo City FC the following year.	Bendigo City FC	2014
inception	Subterranean Masquerade is a progressive metal band that was formed in 1997 by Tomer Pink, who is a guitarist and primary songwriter for the band.	Subterranean Masquerade	1997
inception	Atlanta Bread Company is a privately owned bakery cafe chain established in 1993.	Atlanta Bread Company	1993
inception	Potomac Falls High School opened in 1997, drawing its student body from Park View High School, Broad Run High School and Seneca Ridge Middle School.	Potomac Falls High School	1997
inception	Crack ov Dawn is a French glam metal band founded in 2002.	Crack ov Dawn	2002
inception	Saturnian Mist is a black metal band that formed in 2006 at Kuopio, Finland by vocalist fra.	Saturnian Mist	2006
inception	The Swissôtel Krasnye Holmy Moscow was the tallest hotel building in Moscow when it was completed in 2005.	Swissôtel Krasnye Holmy Moscow	2005
inception	The Sony α33 or Sony Alpha 33 (model name SLT-A33) is a digital SLT camera announced by Sony on August 24, 2010, at the same time as the Sony Alpha 55.	Sony Alpha 33	2010
inception	Kookai is a French fashion label founded in 1983 by Jean-Lou Tepper, Jacques Nataf and Philippe de Hesdin.	Kookai	1983
inception	The Muckrakers were a rock band from Louisville, Kentucky that formed in 1997.	The Muckrakers	1997
inception	The company began as a metal etching factory founded in Berlin by Wilhelm Heidenhain in 1889 that manufactured templates, company plaques, product labels, and scales.	Heidenhain	1889
inception	Transportation Technology Center, Inc.,(TTCI) was formed on January 1, 1998, as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Association of American Railroads (AAR).	Transportation Technology Center, Inc.	1998
inception	Österreichischer Lloyd (English: Austrian Lloyd, Italian: Lloyd Austriaco) was the largest Austro-Hungarian shipping company founded in 1833.	Österreichischer Lloyd	1833
inception	In 1894 Rivières du Sud, Cote d'Ivoire and Dahomey were separated into 'independent' colonies, with Rivières du Sud being renamed the Colony of French Guinea.	French Guinea	1894
inception	Effective from 1 January 2011, Glarus Nord incorporates the former municipalities of Bilten, Filzbach, Mollis, Mühlehorn, Näfels, Niederurnen, Oberurnen and Obstalden.	Glarus Nord	1 January 2011
inception	Island6 Arts Center (Chinese: 六岛艺术中心) is an artist-run space and creative platform established in Shanghai in 2006 by French curator/artist Thomas Charvériat.	Island6	2006
inception	The Farm 51 is a Polish video game developer founded in 2005 by three industry veterans, Wojciech Pazdur, Kamil Bilczyński (both have previously worked on the Painkiller series at People Can Fly) and Robert Siejka (former president of 3D Magazine).	The Farm 51	2005
inception	The Monastic Fraternities of Jerusalem were founded in 1975 by Brother Pierre-Marie Delfieux ( died March 2013) (until then prior general) with the aim of promoting the spirit of the monastic desert (cf. Charles de Foucauld) in the heart of cities.	Monastic Fraternities of Jerusalem	1975
inception	Green Alternative Freiburg (German: Grüne Alternative Freiburg), GAF for short, is the name of a local political party in Freiburg im Breisgau that split off from the Greens in the City Council in 2008.	Green Alternative Freiburg	2008
inception	Magane (凶音) is a Japanese black metal band from Tokyo formed in 1999.	Magane	1999
inception	Rowe Racing is the motor racing team of Rowe Mineralölwerk GmbH. Since 2011 Rowe Racing has competed in series such as the VLN (Association of Nürburgring Endurance Cup Organizers) and the 24 Hours Nürburgring.	Rowe Racing	2011
inception	Lunatic Soul is a progressive rock side-project founded by Riverside vocalist and bass guitarist Mariusz Duda in 2008.	Lunatic Soul	2008
inception	Aviandina (IATA: SJ, ICAO: VND, Call sign: Aviandina ) was a small airline from Peru, which was operational between 1999 ad 2003.	Aviandina	1999
inception	Krugersdorp (Afrikaans for Kruger's town) is a mining city in the West Rand, Gauteng Province, South Africa founded in 1887 by Marthinus Pretorius.	Krugersdorp	1887
inception	Founded in 2006 by Adam Fine, communications professional and industry commentator, TRUSTcollective represents advertising agencies, digital agencies, technology startups, content creation studios, and small to mid-sized brands.	TRUSTcollective	2006
inception	The National Network to End Domestic Violence(NNEDV) is a not-for-profit organization based in the District of Columbia since 1995.	National Network to End Domestic Violence	1995
inception	Dweller at the Threshold (DATT) was an electronic music band based in Portland, Oregon, USA from 1993 to 2005.	Dweller at the Threshold	1993
inception	The Mustangs are a British blues rock band that was formed in Hampshire in 2001.	The Mustangs	2001
inception	MeeMix Ltd is a company specializing in personalizing media-related content recommendations, discovery and advertising for the telecommunication industry, founded in 2006.	MeeMix	2006
inception	Fitzgerald Auto Malls is a family owned and operated auto dealership that was founded in 1966, with its first location opening in Bethesda, Maryland.	Fitzgerald Auto Malls	1966
inception	The Games Maker Choir is a choir formed of Games Makers, volunteers who participated in the London 2012 Olympic and Paralympic Games.	Games Maker Choir	2012
inception	Established in 2003 by a group of young intellectuals from Sakarya University and local notables from the city, Sakarya Bilgi Kültür Merkezi is one of the leading civil-society organizations in Sakarya.	Sakarya Bilgi Kültür Merkezi	2003
inception	The Christian Women in Media Association (CWIMA) is an international nonprofit organization that was founded in 2002 as Women in Christian Media by Suellen Roberts, who serves as the organization's president.	Christian Women in Media Association	2002
inception	In 1985 Armstrong sold the Canadian business and, along with Frederick M. Pakis, formed U.S.-based JDA Software, Inc. in Cleveland, Ohio.	JDA Software	1985
inception	Grapevine Mills opened on October 30, 1997, and is one of the largest malls owned by The Mills platform of Simon Property Group.	Grapevine Mills	1997
inception	Lions Lions began in 2008 with their first EP titled Direction.	Lions Lions	2008
inception	Café Coffee Day was started as a retail restaurant arm of CGL in 1996.	Café Coffee Day	1996
inception	Toon Disney was launched on April 18, 1998, the Disney Channel's 15-year anniversary, by Disney/ABC Networks on digital tiers of DirecTV, Marcus Cable and EchoStar.	Toon Disney	1998
inception	Kinderstern/Star for Children, is an artwork the German artist Imi Knoebel has created since 1988.	Kinderstern	1988
inception	Youth Travel Circle (YTC) was founded in 1967 as part of church's ``Emigrants' Commission'' to help and cater youth coming abroad to Malta.	Youth Travel Circle	1967
inception	Dark Sanctuary is a French Dark Atmospheric, Goth Opera band which was formed in 1996 in Paris.	Dark Sanctuary	1996
inception	The Voltigeurs were French military skirmish units created in 1804 by Emperor Napoleon I.	Voltigeur	1804
inception	The Organ was a Canadian post-punk band formed in 2001 in Vancouver, British Columbia.	The Organ	2001
inception	Eftekasat (Arabic: افتكاسات‎) is an Egyptian Oriental jazz band that was established in late 2001 and gave its debut performance in February 2002 at the Cairo Jazz Club.	Eftekasat	2001
inception	In 1981, the band released an EP, Magazine 60, by Barclay Records.	Magazine 60	1981
inception	The Klingspor Type Foundry was a German hot metal type foundry established in 1892 when Carl Klingspor bought out the Rudhard’sche Foundry of Offenbach.	Klingspor Type Foundry	1892
inception	Western Vinyl is an independent record label founded in 1998 and based in Austin, Texas.	Western Vinyl	1998
inception	Guanacaste Waldorf School was founded in 2011 by three families, who were immersed in Waldorf education in different ways.	Guanacaste Waldorf School	2011
inception	Stop Immigration was founded on 15 September 1987 by Jack Erik Kjuus.	Stop Immigration	15 September 1987
inception	The British Sugar Corporation was a company that was formed in 1936, when the British parliament nationalised the entire sugar beet crop processing industry, under the banner of British Sugar Corporation.	British Sugar	1936
inception	Mrigya is an Indian World fusion music band from New Delhi which was formed in 1999.	Mrigya	1999
inception	Bochumer Turnverein 1848 was forced by the Nazi regime to merge with Turn- und Sport Bochum 1908 and Sportverein Germania Vorwärts Bochum 1906 into the current-day club VfL Bochum on 14 April 1938.	VfL Bochum	1938
inception	She Past Away is a Turkish post-punk band, formed in 2006.	She Past Away	2006
inception	He founded Miller Camera Support Equipment in 1954, manufacturing fluid heads and tripods.	Miller Camera Support Equipment	1954
inception	The Australian Pink Floyd Show, more frequently referred to as the Australian Pink Floyd, are a Pink Floyd tribute band formed in 1988 in Adelaide, South Australia.	The Australian Pink Floyd Show	1988
inception	The 2008-2009 school year became the inaugural year for Palmview High School, and it was classified as a 5A school.	Palmview High School	2008
inception	Founded by Robert Haft in 1979, at its peak in 1993 it operated 333 stores around the United States under the Trak Auto, Super Trak, and Super Trak Warehouse concepts.	Trak Auto	1979
inception	Tournament names through the years: 2012, 2015 World Ladies Championship 2013--14 Mission Hills World Ladies Championship	World Ladies Championship	2012
inception	Named after former Prime Minister of India, Lal Bahadur Shastri, the Shastri Indo-Canadian Institute was created in 1968 through a joint announcement of the governments of Canada and India.	Shastri Indo-Canadian Institute	1968
inception	Dance Gavin Dance is a post-hardcore band based in Sacramento, California and formed in 2005.	Dance Gavin Dance	2005
inception	Azeri Baku FK (Azerbaijani: Azeri Baku Futbol Klubu) was an Azerbaijani football club from Baku founded in 1991, and dissolved at the end of the 1993-94 season.	Azeri Baku FK	1991
inception	Mr. Children (stylized ミスターチルドレン (Mr.Children), commonly referred to by their contracted nickname ``Misu-Chiru'' (ミスチル)) is a Japanese pop rock band formed in 1988 by Kazutoshi Sakurai, Kenichi Tahara, Keisuke Nakagawa, and Hideya Suzuki.They made their major debut in 1992 .	Mr. Children	1988
inception	Sterlitamak was founded in 1766 as a port for the distribution of salt mined up the river.	Sterlitamak	1766
inception	Finding Species was formally incorporated in 2003 as a 501(c)3 non-profit organization focusing on photography, science and conservation.	Finding Species	2003
inception	Tremezzina is a comune in the province of Como, in Lombardy, that formed on 25 May 2014 from a merger of the comunes of Lenno, Mezzegra, Ossuccio and Tremezzo.	Tremezzina	2014
inception	Langsua National Park (Norwegian: Langsua nasjonalpark) was established in 2011.	Langsua National Park	2011
inception	Athletics Fiji was founded in 1947 as Fiji Amateur Athletics Association, and was affiliated to the IAAF in the year 1950.	Athletics Fiji	1947
inception	Ford Sollers is a joint venture between the American car manufacturer Ford and the Russian Sollers established in 2011.	Ford Sollers	2011
inception	Faustcoven is a black/doom metal band from Norway, founded in 2002 by Gunnar Hansen.	Faustcoven	2002
inception	It was founded in 1998 as Guangzhou Chinaweal Longteng Technology Co., Ltd. and changed the name to ``ZWCAD Software Co., Ltd'' in 2007.	ZWCAD Software	1998
inception	Chris Colepaugh and the Cosmic Crew is a rock band formed in 1996 from Moncton, New Brunswick, Canada.	Chris Colepaugh	1996
inception	Taybeh Brewery is a Palestinian brewery founded in 1994.	Taybeh Brewery	1994
inception	Sons of Lioth was founded in 2005 by guitarists Sublimo and Supremo.	Sons of Lioth	2005
inception	Renault Russia (Russian: Рено Россия, tr. Reno Rossiya; IPA: (rʲɪˈno rɐˈsʲijə)), known until 2014 as Avtoframos (Russian: Автофрамос, tr. Avtoframos), is a Russian automotive company established in 1998, currently a wholly owned subsidiary of Renault.	Renault Russia	1998
inception	The Human Rights Party Malaysia is a Malaysian human rights-based political party founded on 19 July 2009, led by human rights activist P.Uthayakumar.	Human Rights Party Malaysia	19 July 2009
inception	Instead, in 1834 the island was granted self-government as a semi-independent state, the Principality of Samos (Greek: Ἡγεμονία τῆς Σάμου).	Principality of Samos	1834
inception	The Super Friendz are a band from Halifax, Nova Scotia, active between 1994 and 1997, reforming in 2003.	The Super Friendz	1994
inception	The North Borneo Chartered Company or British North Borneo Company was a chartered company assigned to administer North Borneo (today's Sabah in Malaysia) in August 1881.	North Borneo Chartered Company	1881
inception	Founded as the Imperial War Museum in 1917, the museum was intended to record the civil and military war effort and sacrifice of Britain and its Empire during the First World War.	Imperial War Museum	1917
inception	Yoshkar-Ola was established as a military fortress in 1584, following the Russian conquest of the Mari region.	Yoshkar-Ola	1584
inception	The One Country Two Systems Research Institute (OCTS; Chinese: 一國兩制研究中心) is a Hong Kong think tank founded in 1990 by a group of pro-Beijing politicians.	One Country Two Systems Research Institute	1990
inception	Tair Airways, was an airline in The Philippines.After over two months of deliberation at the Civil Aeronautics Board regarding the intent to operate as an Unscheduled International Carrier, They finally obtained a Temporary Operator's Permit last October 27, 2006.	Tair Airways	2006
inception	Though Bierce's preface to The Devil's Dictionary dates the earliest work to 1881, its origins can be traced to August 1869.	The Devil's Dictionary	1881
inception	Coláiste Ráithín is a secondary school located in Bray, County Wicklow, Ireland, which was founded in 1990.	Coláiste Ráithín	1990
inception	The British League of Rights is an offshoot of the Australian League of Rights founded in 1971.	British League of Rights	1971
inception	Bury Your Dead is an American Metalcore band from Boston, Massachusetts, United States, formed in 2001.	Bury Your Dead	2001
inception	Wiidakko are a Finnish indie rock band that was formed in Lahti, Finland in 2003.	Wiidakko	2003
inception	Via Varejo is a Brazilian retail company founded in 2010 through the merger of retail companies Casas Bahia, owned by the Klein family, and Ponto Frio, owned by Grupo Pão de Açúcar.	Via Varejo	2010
inception	The King's Singers are a British a cappella vocal ensemble founded in 1968.	The King's Singers	1968
inception	The Lakewood Ranch High School in Manatee County, Florida, United States, was opened in 1998 in Bradenton, Florida.	Lakewood Ranch High School	1998
inception	The idea of For My Pain... started in 1999, when Altti Veteläinen (bass) and Petri Sankala (drums), both from Eternal Tears of Sorrow, wanted to start a new project.	For My Pain...	1999
inception	Founded in 1985, the Directors Guild Trust is the sister charity arm of the Directors Guild of Great Britain.	Directors Guild Trust	1985
inception	Scissor Sisters is an American pop group formed in 2001.	Scissor Sisters	2001
inception	Samiam is a punk band from Berkeley, California, active since 1988.	Samiam	1988
inception	The Ministry of Supply (MoS) was a department of the UK Government formed in 1939 to co-ordinate the supply of equipment to all three British armed forces, headed by the Minister of Supply.	Ministry of Supply	1939
inception	The Franconian International School (FIS) was founded in 1998 to serve the needs of a growing international community in the Nürnberg, Erlangen, Fürth and Herzogenaurach areas.	Franconian International School	1998
inception	Lehavoth was an Israeli death metal band, from Haifa, that was active for ten years, between 1995 and 2005.	Lehavoth	1995
inception	Ujamaa Place received 501(c)(3) nonprofit status in April 2010, and opened its doors at 1885 University Avenue in St. Paul in November 2010.	Ujamaa Place	2010
inception	However, the appellation of Pessac-Léognan is relatively recent, dating to 1987.	Pessac-Léognan	1987
inception	Dirty Rig was formed in 2003 with Chas, Steve, Crock and Ed. Crock left early in the band's tenure after a health issue caused him to excuse himself from the project to get well.	Dirty Rig	2003
inception	Central Park Media was founded in 1990 by John O'Donnell as an anime supplier, with Project A-ko and Dominion:	Central Park Media	1990
inception	ClickExpo is an online marketing company headquartered in Fareham, Hampshire, United Kingdom, founded in 2006.	ClickExpo	2006
inception	This led in 2005 to the formation of the Fellowship of Reformed Baptist Churches in New Zealand.	Fellowship of Reformed Baptist Churches in New Zealand	2005
inception	Founded in 2007, Verix focuses on providing business intelligence analysis software applicable to all industries as well as industry-specific solutions for the verticals of life science and pharmaceuticals and CPG.	Verix	2007
instrument	Robert Lelièvre (1 October 1942 -- 26 August 1973) was a French singer, songwriter and guitar player.	Robert Lelièvre	guitar
instrument	Kerry Turner (born October 16, 1960) is an American composer and horn player.	Kerry Turner	horn
instrument	Kinan Azmeh (born June 10, 1976 in Damascus) is a Syrian clarinet player.	Kinan Azmeh	clarinet
instrument	Harrison Fontenot (August 1, 1934 -- January 21, 2011) is a Cajun accordion player and builder, best known for his recording of ``The Cajun Twist'' in 1962.	Harrison Fontenot	accordion
instrument	Francesco Maria Veracini (1 February 1690 -- 31 October 1768) was an Italian composer and violinist, perhaps best known for his sets of violin sonatas.	Francesco Maria Veracini	violin
instrument	Neil Flanz is a pedal steel guitar player living in Austin, TX.	Neil Flanz	guitar
instrument	Martin Helmchen began his piano studies at the age of 6, and graduated from the Hanns Eisler Music Conservatory as a student of Galina Iwanzowa, and in 2001 from the Hochschule für Musik und Theater Hannover as a student of Arie Vardi.	Martin Helmchen	piano
instrument	Mitchel Forman began studying classical piano at the age of seven.	Mitchel Forman	piano
instrument	Joseph Anderer is principal horn and a founding member of St. Luke's Chamber Ensemble and the Orchestra of St. Luke's.	Joseph Anderer	horn
instrument	Nathan Abshire (June 27, 1913 near Gueydan, Louisiana -- May 13, 1981, Basile, Louisiana) was an American Cajun accordion player who, along with Iry LeJeune, was responsible for the renaissance of the accordion in Cajun music in the 1940s.	Nathan Abshire	accordion
instrument	Tore Bruvoll (born 30 October 1978 in Tromsø) is a Norwegian musician (guitar and multi-instrumentalist), composer and music arranger.	Tore Bruvoll	guitar
instrument	Larry McNeely (born January 3, 1948 Lafayette, Indiana), is an American five-string banjo player known for his collaboration with Glen Campbell and for recording several soundtracks for different motion pictures.	Larry McNeely	banjo
instrument	Brendan Shine (born 1947) is an Irish folk and country singer, television presenter and accordion player from Athlone, with 5 Irish number 1 singles and best known for his songs about everyday Irish life such as ``Do you Want your Old Lobby Washed Down'' and ``Spuds''.	Brendan Shine	accordion
instrument	Harry Roy (12 January 1900 -- 1 February 1971) was a British dance band leader and clarinet player from the 1920s to the 1960s.	Harry Roy	clarinet
instrument	Andy Ennis is a tenor saxophone player, part of the Baltimore jazz scene.	Andy Ennis	saxophone
instrument	Guitar Gable was influenced by the music of Guitar Slim, and was self-taught in playing the guitar by his mid-teens.	Guitar Gable	guitar
instrument	Born in Toronto, Jason Hook started his music career at the age of 6 in nearby Oakville, Ontario with private guitar lessons.	Jason Hook	guitar
instrument	Ramon Goose is an English guitarist, singer and producer, who is known for his work with The West African Blues Project and the hip hop blues band NuBlues, his mastery of the slide guitar, and for producing other American blues artists' albums.	Ramon Goose	guitar
instrument	Bill Church's son, Trevor, plays guitar in the rock band An Angle as well as the band, Medicated Goo.	Bill Church	guitar
instrument	Jemeel Moondoc (born August 5, 1951 in Chicago, Illinois) is a jazz saxophonist who plays alto saxophone.	Jemeel Moondoc	saxophone
instrument	Deirdre Cartwright (born 26 July 1958) is a British guitarist and composer, and became well known as the guitar presenter of the groundbreaking BBC Television series Rockschool (1983).	Deirdre Cartwright	guitar
instrument	Abel Carlevaro (16 December 1916 -- 17 July 2001) was a virtuoso performer, classical guitar composer and teacher born in Montevideo, Uruguay.	Abel Carlevaro	guitar
instrument	Philip Farkas (March 5, 1914 -- December 21, 1992) was the principal horn player in the Chicago Symphony Orchestra for many years; he left in 1960 to join the music faculty at Indiana University Bloomington.	Philip Farkas	horn
instrument	Building on the distorted electric guitar sound of early records, his 1958 instrumental hit ``Rumble'' by Link Wray and his Ray Men popularized ``the power chord, the major modus operandi of modern rock guitarists'', making possible ``punk and heavy rock''.	Link Wray	guitar
instrument	Gerald Clayton studied classical piano with Linda Buck for eleven years, starting at the age of seven, and jazz piano and composition with Donald Vega, Shelly Berg, Kenny Barron and Billy Childs.	Gerald Clayton	piano
instrument	Christopher J. O'Hara is an internationally renowned trumpet soloist, chamber musician, and educator.	Christopher J. O'Hara	trumpet
instrument	Annemarie Roelofs (born 1955), also spelt Anne-Marie Roelofs and Anne Marie Roelofs, is a Dutch trombone player and violinist, and is a professor at the Frankfurt University of Music and Performing Arts.	Annemarie Roelofs	trombone
instrument	As a Musician Marc Ferrari is best known for his work as a guitar player in the 80's and 90's rock bands Keel, Cold Sweat, and Medicine Wheel.	Marc Ferrari	guitar
instrument	Shunsaku Okuda is the leader of the Japanese rock/pop band, the brilliant green, where he plays bass guitar, rhythm guitar as well as composed the vast majority of the band's music.	Shunsaku Okuda	guitar
instrument	``Big'' Monti Amundson is an American guitar player who plays blues and rock and roll.	Monti Amundson	guitar
instrument	Brad Upton is a trumpet player and jazz musician born in 1952 (Michigan, USA).	Brad Upton	trumpet
instrument	Kåre Thomsen (born 30 December 1959 in Bergen, Norway) is a Norwegian Jazz musician (guitar) and graphic designer, known from a number of releases and active on the Bergen jazz scene performing with musicians like Karl Seglem, Vigleik Storaas and Terje Isungset.	Kåre Thomsen	guitar
instrument	Francesco DiCosmo is an Italian-born American rock musician, best known for his work with Evanescence and Thin Lizzy, and as a session musician playing bass guitar.	Francesco DiCosmo	guitar
instrument	Paul Speer took up guitar at the age of nine and played his first paid gig at age twelve in a trio with brothers Neal and Gary.	Paul Speer	guitar
instrument	Sarah Vaughan's father, Asbury ``Jake'' Vaughan, was a carpenter by trade and played guitar and piano.	Sarah Vaughan	piano
languages spoken or written	Antonio Pineda (1751-1792 in Manila) was a Guatemalan botanist born to Spanish parents.	Antonio Pineda	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Drago Štambuk (September 20, 1950) is a Croatian physician, poet, essayist and an ambassador.	Drago Štambuk	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Wilhelm Scherer (26 April 1841 -- 6 August 1886) was a German philologist and historian of literature.	Wilhelm Scherer	German
languages spoken or written	Nico Mastorakis (Greek: Νίκος Μαστοράκης; born 28 April 1941 in Athens, Greece) is a Greek filmmaker, director and radio producer.	Nico Mastorakis	Greek
languages spoken or written	Eugénie Buffet (1866--1934) was a French singer who rose to fame in France just prior to World War I. She has been called one of the first, if not the first, performer of the chanson réaliste (realist song) genre.	Eugénie Buffet	French
languages spoken or written	Avraham Elmalih (Hebrew: אברהם אלמליח‎ ;1885 -- 2 April 1967) was a journalist, Zionist activist and Israeli politician.	Avraham Elmalih	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Jacob Peter Mynster (8 November 1775 -- 30 January 1854) was a Danish theologian and Bishop of Zealand, Denmark from 1834 until his death.	Jacob Peter Mynster	Danish
languages spoken or written	Robert Gordon Latham FRS (24 March 1812 -- 9 March 1888) was an English ethnologist and philologist.	Robert Gordon Latham	English
languages spoken or written	José Antonio Ramírez Lozano (Nogales, Badajoz, Spain, 1950) is a Spanish author.	José Antonio Ramírez Lozano	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Joseph Bau (Hebrew: יוסף באו‎; 13 June 1920 -- 2002) was a graphic artist and poet, survivor of the Płaszów Nazi concentration camp of World War II.	Joseph Bau	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Yvonne Choquet-Bruhat (French: (bʁy.a); born 29 December 1923 in Lille) is a French mathematician and physicist.	Yvonne Choquet-Bruhat	French
languages spoken or written	Walther Dürr (born 27 April 1932) is a German musicologist.	Walther Dürr	German
languages spoken or written	Paul Jules Tillaux (8 December 1834 -- 20 October 1904) was a French physician who was a native of Aunay-sur-Odon, département Calvados.	Paul Jules Tillaux	French
languages spoken or written	Julie Siegfried (13 February 1848, Luneray -- 28 May 1922) was a French feminist.	Julie Siegfried	French
languages spoken or written	Graciela Palau de Nemes is one of the critics of the works of the Nobel laureate poet Juan Ramón Jiménez as well as of Spanish and Latin American literature, in general.	Graciela Palau de Nemes	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Otto Flügel (16 June 1842, Lützen -- 9 July 1914, Dölau, Halle) was a German philosopher and theologian.	Otto Flügel	German
languages spoken or written	Cristóbal de Mesa (1559 -- 27 September 1633) was a Spanish Mannerist poet and writer.	Cristóbal de Mesa	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Lydia Schenardi (born 27 June 1952, in Montreuil, Seine-Saint-Denis) is a French politician and Member of the European Parliament for the south-east of France.	Lydia Schenardi	French
languages spoken or written	Hark Bohm (born 18 May 1939) is a German actor, screenwriter, film director, playwright and former professor for cinema studies.	Hark Bohm	German
languages spoken or written	Ana Miralles (born 16 December 1959; also spelled as Ana Mirallès) is a Spanish comic books artist, known particularly for her treatment of erotic subjects.	Ana Miralles	Spanish
languages spoken or written	John Gumley (c. 1670 -- 19 December 1728) was an English furniture-maker, army contractor and MP.	John Gumley	English
languages spoken or written	It was in the early 1970s, during Kosovo's most prominent period, that Eqrem Basha moved to Pristina to study language and literature at the newly created Albanian language university there.	Eqrem Basha	Albanian
languages spoken or written	Filiz Akın (born Suna Filiz Akın, 2nd January 1943 in Ankara, Turkey) is a Turkish film actress.	Filiz Akın	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Paul Misraki (January 28, 1908 -- October 29, 1998) was a French composer of popular music and film scores.	Paul Misraki	French
languages spoken or written	Amalie Schoppe (9 October 1791, Burg auf Fehmarn, as Amalie Weise -- 25 September 1858, Schenectady, New York) was a German author.	Amalie Schoppe	German
languages spoken or written	Alessandro Baricco (Italian pronunciation: (alesˈsandro baˈrikko); born January 25, 1958 in Turin, Piedmont) is a popular Italian writer, director and performer.	Alessandro Baricco	Italian
languages spoken or written	Leopold Feldmann (22 May 1802, in Munich, Bavaria -- 26 March 1882, in Vienna) was a German-Austrian dramatist.	Leopold Feldmann	German
languages spoken or written	Mario de Marco (born October 18, 1965) is a Maltese politician and academic currently serving as a Member of Parliament.	Mario de Marco	Maltese
languages spoken or written	Dan Rebellato (born 1968) is an English dramatist and academic born in South London.	Dan Rebellato	English
languages spoken or written	Manuel Giner Miralles (Valencia, Spain, 1926) is a Spanish doctor, entrepreneur and politician.	Manuel Giner Miralles	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Abraham Furtado (1756--1817) was born to a French Jewish family of Portuguese Marrano descent.	Abraham Furtado	French
languages spoken or written	Gunabhiram Barua (Assamese: গুণাভিৰাম বৰুৱা; 1837-1894) was a nineteenth century Assamese intellectual who ushered in new ideas of social reform in the early years of colonial rule in Assam.	Gunabhiram Barua	Assamese
languages spoken or written	Imre Asztrik Várszegi (born 26 January 1946) is a Hungarian Benedictine friar, who ordained a priest on 29 August 1971.	Asztrik Várszegi	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Joseph Pellerin (1684--1783) was a French Intendant-General of the Navy, first Commissioner of the Navy as well as a celebrated numismatic pioneer.	Joseph Pellerin	French
languages spoken or written	Jesús Alique (January 1, 1962 in Sacedón, Guadalajara-) is a Spanish politician.	Jesús Alique	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sir William Gorman (15 October 1891 -- 21 December 1964) was an English barrister and judge and Liberal Party politician.	William Gorman	English
languages spoken or written	Pablo d'Ors (born 1963) is a Spanish priest, theologian and writer.	Pablo d'Ors	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Antoine Alphone Guichenot (July 31, 1809 in Paris -- February 17, 1876) was a French zoologist who taught, researched, and participated in specimen collecting trips on behalf of the Muséum national d'histoire naturelle (Paris), including an extensive biological survey of Algeria.	Alphone Guichenot	French
languages spoken or written	Frances Milton Trollope (10 March 1779 -- 6 October 1863) was an English novelist and writer who published as Mrs. Trollope or Mrs. Frances Trollope.	Frances Milton Trollope	English
languages spoken or written	Currently, Danilo Montero leads the Spanish-speaking ministry of Lakewood Church founded by Marcos Witt.	Danilo Montero	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Aura Garrido (born 1989) is a Spanish film and television actress from Madrid.	Aura Garrido	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Wilhelm Georg Friedrich Roscher (October 21, 1817 -- June 4, 1894) was a German economist from Hanover.	Wilhelm Georg Friedrich Roscher	German
languages spoken or written	Julián Marías Aguilera (17 June 1914 -- 15 December 2005) was a Spanish philosopher associated with the Generation of '36 movement.	Julián Marías	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Charles Mauron (1899--1966) was a French translator of contemporary English authors, including E. M. Forster and Virginia Woolf, and a literary critic who made use of Psychoanalytic literary criticism.	Charles Mauron	French
languages spoken or written	Herbert Feuerstein (born 15 June 1937 in Zell am See, Austria) is an Austrian and German journalist, comedian and entertainer.	Herbert Feuerstein	German
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Rasori (1766--1837) was an Italian academic, physician and translator.	Giovanni Rasori	Italian
languages spoken or written	Georg Ferdinand Dümmler (February 10, 1859 -- November 15, 1896) was a German classical philologist and archaeologist born in Halle an der Saale.	Ferdinand Dümmler	German
languages spoken or written	Roberto Bolle (born March 26, 1975) is an Italian danseur.	Roberto Bolle	Italian
languages spoken or written	Dick Twinney is an English illustrator and wildlife artist.	Dick Twinney	English
languages spoken or written	Michele Soavi, sometimes known as Michael Soavi (born 3 July 1957) is an Italian filmmaker.	Michele Soavi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jacek Chmielnik (January 31, 1953 in Łódź, Poland -- August 22, 2007 in Suchawa, Poland) was a Polish stage and film actor.	Jacek Chmielnik	Polish
languages spoken or written	Rajanikanta Sen (Bengali: রজনীকান্ত সেন) (26 July 1865 -- 13 September 1910) was a Bengali poet and composer, known for his devotional (bhakti) compositions, as well as his patriotic songs.	Rajanikanta Sen	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Edoardo Sanguineti (9 December 1930 -- 18 May 2010) was a Genoese poet, writer and academic, universally considered one of the major Italian authors of the second half of the twentieth century.	Edoardo Sanguineti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Joakim Pirinen (born 28 May 1961 in Solna, Stockholm County) is a Swedish illustrator, author, and comic creator.	Joakim Pirinen	Swedish
languages spoken or written	José López Rubio y Herreros (December 13, 1903 in Motril, Granada Province -- March 2, 1996) was a Spanish playwright, screenwriter, film director, theatre historian and humorist.	José López Rubio	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Joaquín Rodrigo Vidre, 1st Marquis of the Gardens of Aranjuez (Spanish: (xoaˈkin roˈðɾiɣo); November 22, 1901 -- July 6, 1999), commonly known as Joaquín Rodrigo, was a Spanish composer and a virtuoso pianist.	Joaquín Rodrigo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Frank Popper (born April 17, 1918) is a historian of art and technology and Professor Emeritus of Aesthetics and the Science of Art at the University of Paris VIII. He has been decorated with the medal of the Légion d'honneur by the French Government.	Frank Popper	French
languages spoken or written	Lea Aini (Hebrew: לאה איני‎) (born 1962 Tel Aviv), is an Israeli author and poet, who has written over twenty books.	Lea Aini	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Judith Cladel, (March 25, 1873 -- January 29, 1958) was a French playwright, novelist, biographer and journalist.	Judith Cladel	French
languages spoken or written	Nguyễn Du (阮攸; 3 January 1766--16 September 1820), pen names Tố Như (素如) and Thanh Hiên (清軒) is a celebrated Vietnamese poet who wrote in chữ nôm, the ancient writing script of Vietnam.	Nguyễn Du	Vietnamese
languages spoken or written	Luca Romagnoli (born on 12 September 1961 in Rome) is an Italian politician and former Member of the European Parliament for Southern Italy with the neo-fascist party Fiamma Tricolore, being a Non-Inscrit (for a short time, ITS group member) in the European Parliament.	Luca Romagnoli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jacques-Joachim Trotti, marquis de La Chétardie (3 October 1705 -- 1 January 1759) was a French diplomat who engineered the coup d'etat that brought Elizaveta Petrovna to the Russian throne in 1741.	Jacques-Joachim Trotti, marquis de La Chétardie	French
languages spoken or written	Domitius Marsus (/ˈmɑrsəs/) was a Latin poet, friend of Virgil and Tibullus, and contemporary of Horace.	Domitius Marsus	Latin
languages spoken or written	Nikolaus Blome (born September 16, 1963 in Bonn) is a German journalist and author.	Nikolaus Blome	German
languages spoken or written	Dhanya Mary Varghese is an Indian actress known for her performances in Malayalam cinema.	Dhanya Mary Varghese	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Mario Pieri (22 June 1860 -- 1 March 1913) was an Italian mathematician who is known for his work on foundations of geometry.	Mario Pieri	Italian
languages spoken or written	Angelo Mosso (30 May 1846 -- 24 November 1910) is the 19th century Italian physiologist who invented the first neuroimaging technique ever, known as 'human circulation balance'.	Angelo Mosso	Italian
languages spoken or written	Pierre Maximin Giraud (26 August 1835 Corps, Isère, France - 1 March 1875 Corps, Isère, France), known as Maximin Giraud, was a French member of the Corps of Papal Zouaves and a Marian visionary to Our Lady of La Salette.	Maximin Giraud	French
languages spoken or written	Raymond Goethals (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈʁɛmɔ̃ ˈɣutɑls); 7 October 1921 -- 6 December 2004) was a Belgian football coach who led Marseille to victory in the UEFA Champions League final in 1993, becoming the first coach to win a European trophy with a French club.	Raymond Goethals	French
languages spoken or written	Benito Pérez Galdós (May 10, 1843 -- January 4, 1920) was a Spanish realist novelist.	Benito Pérez Galdós	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Girolamo Segato (13 June 1792 -- 3 February 1836) was an Italian naturalist, cartographer, Egyptologist, and anatomist.	Girolamo Segato	Italian
languages spoken or written	Louis Adolphe le Doulcet, comte de Pontécoulant (1794 -- 20 February 1882) was a French soldier and musicologist.	Louis Adolphe le Doulcet, comte de Pontécoulant	French
languages spoken or written	Ladislav Klíma (22 August 1878 -- 19 April 1928), was a Czech philosopher and novelist influenced by George Berkeley, Schopenhauer and Nietzsche.	Ladislav Klíma	Czech
languages spoken or written	Sir Charles Sedley, 5th Baronet (March 1639 -- 20 August 1701) was an English wit, dramatist and politician.	Sir Charles Sedley, 5th Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	Danila Comastri Montanari (born Bologna, 4 November 1948) is an Italian mystery fiction writer.	Danila Comastri Montanari	Italian
languages spoken or written	Claudia Moro Fernández (born November 10, 1985 in Santiago de Compostela) is a Spanish model and beauty pageant titleholder who competed in the 2008 Miss Universe pageant, placing seventh overall.	Claudia Moro	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Catherine Langeais, born Marie-Louise Terrasse, (9 August 1923 in Valence, Drôme -- 23 April 1998 in Paris), was a French television presenter and actress.	Catherine Langeais	French
languages spoken or written	Ivan Kukuljević Sakcinski (29 May 1816 -- 1 August 1889) was a Croatian historian, politician and writer, most famous for the first speech delivered in Croatian before the Parliament.	Ivan Kukuljević Sakcinski	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Robert Clarges (c. 1693 - before 1727) was an English Tory MP for Reading from 1713 to 30 May 1716.	Robert Clarges	English
languages spoken or written	José de Vargas Ponce (Cadiz, 1760--1821) was a Spanish erudite, satirical poet and writer.	José de Vargas Ponce	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Atıf Yılmaz Batıbeki (December 9, 1925 -- May 5, 2006) was a renowned Turkish film director, screenwriter, and film producer.	Atıf Yılmaz	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Sevim Çelebi-Gottschlich (*1953 in Turkey) is a former German Politician (Alliance '90/The Greens when it was still the Alternative Liste).	Sevim Çelebi-Gottschlich	German
languages spoken or written	Georg Andreas Böckler (ca. 1617--1687) was a German architect and engineer who wrote Architectura Curiosa Nova (1664) and Theatrum Machinarum Novum (1661).	Georg Andreas Böckler	German
languages spoken or written	Ahmad Akbarpour (Persian: احمد اکبرپور‎‎) Ahmad Akbarpūr Persian pronunciation: (æhˈmæd(-e) ækbærpuːr), born July 31, 1970 in Chah Varz, Lamerd, Fars Province, is a novelist and author of short stories and children books.	Ahmad Akbarpour	Persian
languages spoken or written	Jean-Léon Gérôme (11 May 1824 -- 10 January 1904) was a French painter and sculptor in the style now known as Academicism.	Jean-Léon Gérôme	French
languages spoken or written	Paul Veyne (French: (vɛn); born 13 June 1930 in Aix-en-Provence) is a French archaeologist and historian, and a specialist on Ancient Rome.	Paul Veyne	French
languages spoken or written	Eduardo García de Enterría y Martínez-Carande (27 April 1923 -- 16 September 2013) was a Spanish jurist and a major contributor to the research and teaching of Public Law in Spain.	Eduardo García de Enterría	Spanish
languages spoken or written	John Edward Courtenay Bodley (1853 -- 1925) was an English civil servant, known for his writings on France.	John Edward Courtenay Bodley	English
languages spoken or written	Krzysztof Kieślowski (Polish pronunciation: (ˈkʂɨʂtɔf kʲɛɕˈlɔfskʲi); 27 June 1941 -- 13 March 1996) was an influential Polish art-house film director and screenwriter known internationally for The Decalogue (1989), The Double Life of Véronique (1991), and The Three Colors Trilogy (1993--1994).	Krzysztof Kieślowski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Diego Suárez Corvín, also known as Diego Suárez Montañés or el Montañés (Urbiés, Asturias, 1552 - Valencia, 1623) was a Spanish soldier and writer.	Diego Suárez Corvín	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Derren Nesbitt (born Derren Michael Horwitz; 19 June 1935) is an English actor.	Derren Nesbitt	English
languages spoken or written	Clémentine Delait (5 March 1865 -- 5 April 1939) was a French bearded lady who kept a café.	Clémentine Delait	French
languages spoken or written	Guido Lanfranco (born Sliema, 18 October 1930) is a Maltese writer on natural history and folklore.	Guido Lanfranco	Maltese
languages spoken or written	Peter Lindbergh (born Brodbeck on November 23, 1944) is a German photographer and director.	Peter Lindbergh	German
languages spoken or written	John Chamberlayne (1666--1723) was an English writer and translator, and the younger son of Edward Chamberlayne.	John Chamberlayne	English
languages spoken or written	Emil Nolde (born Emil Hansen; 7 August 1867 -- 13 April 1956) was a German-Danish painter and printmaker.	Emil Nolde	German
languages spoken or written	Rudolf Louis (30 January 1870 -- 15 November 1914) was an influential German music critic and conductor.	Rudolf Louis	German
languages spoken or written	Dr. Yoshiki Tanaka (田中 芳樹 Tanaka Yoshiki, born October 22, 1952) is a Japanese novelist.	Yoshiki Tanaka	Japanese
languages spoken or written	Edmund Goetze (26 September 1843, Dresden -- 18 June 1920, Dresden) was a German literary historian and philologist.	Edmund Goetze	German
languages spoken or written	Auguste Dozon (22 August 1822- 31 December 1890) was a French scholar and diplomat, known for his work on Albanian language and folklore.	Auguste Dozon	French
languages spoken or written	Joris Note (Dutch) Joris Note (Dutch)	Joris Note	Dutch
languages spoken or written	Cristóbal Pérez Pastor (1833-1906) was a Spanish archivist and literary historian.	Cristóbal Pérez Pastor	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Luis Villoro Toranzo (3 November 1922 -- 5 March 2014) was a Spanish--	Luis Villoro	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Karl Martin Sinijärv (born June 4, 1971 in Tallinn) is an Estonian journalist and a poet.	Karl Martin Sinijärv	Estonian
languages spoken or written	Jean-Charles François (4 May 1717 -- 22 March 1769) was a French engraver.	Jean-Charles François	French
languages spoken or written	Perez Zagorin (May 20, 1920 -- April 26, 2009) was an American historian who specialized in 16th- and 17th-century English and British history and political thought, early modern European history, and related areas in literature and philosophy.	Perez Zagorin	English
languages spoken or written	Christine Delphy (born 1941) is a French sociologist, feminist, writer and theorist.	Christine Delphy	French
languages spoken or written	Johann Friedrich Naumann (14 February 1780 -- 15 August 1857) was a German scientist, engraver, and editor.	Johann Friedrich Naumann	German
languages spoken or written	Miroslav Penkov is a Bulgarian writer who writes in English and Bulgarian.	Miroslav Penkov	English
languages spoken or written	Georgi Tenev (born 9 October 1969, Sofia, Bulgaria) is a Bulgarian novelist, short story writer, playwright and film/TV screenwriter.	Georgi Tenev	Bulgarian
languages spoken or written	Joseph Loth (December 27 1847 -- 1 April 1934) was a French linguist and historian who specialised in the study of Celtic languages.	Joseph Loth	French
languages spoken or written	Ramon Folch i Guillèn (*1946 in Barcelona) is a Catalan socio-ecologist.	Ramon Folch i Guillèn	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Claus Berg (ca. 1470 -- ca. 1532) was a German sculptor and painter who is remembered for his workshop in Odense and his decorative work in Danish churches, especially altarpieces and crucifixes.	Claus Berg	Danish
languages spoken or written	Amir Gilboa (Hebrew: אמיר גלבע) (born 25 September 1917 - died 2 September 1984) was a Ukraine-born Israeli poet.	Amir Gilboa	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Sextus Propertius was a Latin elegiac poet of the Augustan age.	Propertius	Latin
languages spoken or written	Jan Stanisław Jabłonowski of the Prus III coat of arms (1669 - 28 April 1731 in Lviv) was a Polish political writer who was a maternal uncle of King Stanisław I Leszczyński, under whom he served as Crown Chancellor in 1706-09.	Jan Stanisław Jabłonowski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Anders Fager (born in Stockholm 1964) is a Swedish horror writer.	Anders Fager	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Moses ben Mordecai Zacuto (c. 1625 -- 1 October 1697), also known by the Hebrew acronym ReMe``Z, was a rabbi, Kabbalist, and poet.	Moses ben Mordecai Zacuto	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Khachatur Malumian (Armenian: Մալումյան Խաչատուր), Aknuni (Aknouni or Agnouni; Armenian: Ակնունի) (1863 in Meghri -- 1915) was an Ottoman Armenian journalist and political activist.	Khachatur Malumian	Armenian
languages spoken or written	Prudencio Indurain Larraya (born 9 June 1968) is a Spanish retired road racing cyclist.	Prudencio Indurain	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Radu Tudoran (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈradu tudoˈran); born Nicolae Bogza; March 8, 1910, Blejoi, Prahova County -- November 18, 1992, Bucharest) was a popular Romanian novelist.	Radu Tudoran	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Jean-Charles Pichegru (16 February 1761 -- 5 April 1804) was a distinguished French general of the Revolutionary Wars.	Jean-Charles Pichegru	French
languages spoken or written	Arthur Maynwaring or Mainwaring (1668--1712) was an English official, Whig politician, and author.	Arthur Maynwaring	English
languages spoken or written	Ben Travers CBE AFC (12 November 1886 -- 18 December 1980) was an English writer.	Ben Travers	English
languages spoken or written	Josef Felix Pompeckj (May 10 1867, Groß-Köllen -- July 8 1930, Berlin) was a German paleontologist and geologist.	Josef Felix Pompeckj	German
languages spoken or written	Recently, the web page Webislam of Spanish converts to Islam, reported that the score of the Nuba al-Istihlál of Avempace (11th century), arranged by Omar Metiou and Eduardo Paniagua, save almost complete similarity with Marcha Granadera (18th century) is now the official anthem of Spain.	Avempace	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Agnes Strickland (19 August 1796 -- 8 July 1874) was an English historical writer and poet.	Agnes Strickland	English
languages spoken or written	Lucio Malan (born 30 July 1960) is an Italian politician.	Lucio Malan	Italian
languages spoken or written	Joseph Gaudérique Aymerich (20 February 1858 - 11 June 1937) was a French military officer in its colonial empire.	Joseph Gaudérique Aymerich	French
languages spoken or written	François Malkovsky (1889--1982) was a French choreographer.	François Malkovsky	French
languages spoken or written	Samuel Phelps (born 13 February 1804, Plymouth Dock (now Devonport), Plymouth, Devon, died 6 November 1878, Anson's Farm, Coopersale, near Epping, Essex) was an English actor and theatre manager.	Samuel Phelps	English
languages spoken or written	Pierre Albarran (18 May 1893 -- 24 February 1960) was a French auction and contract bridge player and theorist, and a tennis player.	Pierre Albarran	French
languages spoken or written	István Fekete (January 25, 1900 -- June 23, 1970) was a Hungarian writer, author of several youth novels and animal stories.	István Fekete	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Adriana Bisi Fabbri (1881--1918) was an Italian painter.	Adriana Bisi Fabbri	Italian
languages spoken or written	John Cleland (baptised 24 September 1709 -- 23 January 1789) was an English novelist best known as the author of Fanny Hill: or, the Memoirs of a Woman of Pleasure.	John Cleland	English
languages spoken or written	Albert Langen (8 July 1869 -- 30 April 1909) was a German publisher and founder of the satirical publication Simplicissimus.	Albert Langen	German
languages spoken or written	Sebastian Sailer (12 February 1714 in Weißenhorn -- 7 March 1777 in Obermarchtal), born Johann Valentin Sailer, was a German Premonstratensian Baroque preacher and writer.	Sebastian Sailer	German
languages spoken or written	Heinz Neumann (6 July 1902 -- 26 November 1937) was a German politician from the Communist Party (KPD) and a journalist.	Heinz Neumann	German
languages spoken or written	Luciano Benetton (born 1935) is an Italian billionaire businessman, one of the co-founders of Benetton Group, the Italian fashion brand.	Luciano Benetton	Italian
languages spoken or written	Mireille Guiliano (born April 14, 1946, in Moyeuvre-Grande, France) is a French-American author.	Mireille Guiliano	French
languages spoken or written	Cláudio Manuel da Costa was born in the city of Vargem do Itacolomi (nowadays Mariana), to Portuguese João Gonçalves da Costa and Brazilian Teresa Ribeiro de Alvarenga.	Cláudio Manuel da Costa	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Alija Izetbegović (Bosnian pronunciation: (ǎlija ǐzedbegoʋit͡ɕ); 8 August 1925 -- 19 October 2003) was a Bosnian politician, activist, lawyer, author, and philosopher who in 1990 became the first Chairman of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Alija Izetbegović	Bosnian
languages spoken or written	Jean-Charles Marchiani, (born August 6, 1943) is a French prefect and politician.	Jean-Charles Marchiani	French
languages spoken or written	George Pitt, 1st Baron Rivers (1 May 1721 -- 7 May 1803) was an English diplomat and politician.	George Pitt, 1st Baron Rivers	English
languages spoken or written	Temistocle Solera (25 December 1815 -- 21 April 1878) was an Italian opera composer and librettist.	Temistocle Solera	Italian
languages spoken or written	Marc-Adolphe Guégan (1891--1959) was a French journalist and poet who was an early exponent of Japanese haiku in the French language.	Marc-Adolphe Guégan	French
languages spoken or written	Eva Badura-Skoda (née Halfar) is a German/Austrian musicologist.	Eva Badura-Skoda	German
languages spoken or written	Baldur Ragnarsson (born 25 August 1930) is an Icelandic poet and author of Esperanto works.	Baldur Ragnarsson	Esperanto
languages spoken or written	Nora Zaïdi (Nora Mebrak-Zaïdi), born on July 6, 1965 in Bethoncourt (French département of Doubs), daughter of an Algerian textile toiler, is a French activist who seated in the European Parliament from 1989 to 1994.	Nora Zaïdi	French
languages spoken or written	Patrick Gaubert (born 6 July 1948 in Paris) is a French politician and was a Member of the European Parliament for the Île-de-France through 2009.	Patrick Gaubert	French
languages spoken or written	Richmal Crompton Lamburn (15 November 1890 -- 11 January 1969) was initially trained as a schoolmistress but later became a popular English writer, best known for her Just William series of books, humorous short stories, and to a lesser extent adult fiction books.	Richmal Crompton	English
languages spoken or written	Rudolf von Scheliha (May 31, 1897 - December 22, 1942) was a German diplomat executed by the Nazis during World War II. Scheliha was born in Zessel, Oels, Silesia (now Cieśle, Gmina Oleśnica, Poland), as the son of a Prussian squire.	Rudolf von Scheliha	German
languages spoken or written	Sir Henry Harpur, 6th Baronet (1739 -- 10 February 1789) was an English Tory politician who represented the constituency of Derbyshire.	Sir Henry Harpur, 6th Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	Saleema is an Indian actress acts prominently in Malayalam.	Saleema	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Cesáreo Fernández Duro (Zamora, 25 February 1830 - Zamora, 5 June 1908) was a Spanish naval captain, writer, scholar and historian.	Cesáreo Fernández Duro	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jean-Guillaume, baron Hyde de Neuville (24 January 1776 -- 28 May 1857) was a French aristocrat, diplomat, and politician.	Jean-Guillaume, baron Hyde de Neuville	French
languages spoken or written	Professor Jacques Cauvin (1930 -- 26 December 2001) was a French archaeologist who specialised in the prehistory of the Levant and Near East.	Jacques Cauvin	French
languages spoken or written	Jean-Marie Messier (born 13 December 1956) is a French businessman who was Chairman and Chief Executive of the multinational media conglomerate Vivendi (formerly Vivendi Universal) until 2002.	Jean-Marie Messier	French
languages spoken or written	António Ferreira Gonçalves dos Reis, known as António Reis (1927--1991), was a Portuguese film director, screenwriter and producer, poet, sculptor and ethnographer.	António Reis	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Peter Landau (born 26 February 1935 in Berlin) is a German jurist, legal historian and expert on canon law.	Peter Landau	German
languages spoken or written	Bartolomeo Pacca (27 December 1756, Benevento -- 19 February 1844) was an Italian Cardinal, scholar and statesman as Cardinal Secretary of State.	Bartolomeo Pacca	Italian
languages spoken or written	George Duncan Painter OBE (5 June 1914 -- 8 December 2005), known as George D. Painter, was an English author most famous as a biographer of Marcel Proust.	George D. Painter	English
languages spoken or written	Philippe Poirrier, born in 1963, is a French historian, specialist in French contemporary cultural history.	Philippe Poirrier	French
languages spoken or written	Erich Böhme (February 8, 1930 -- November 27, 2009) was a German journalist and television host.	Erich Böhme	German
languages spoken or written	Waldemar von Wasielewski (10 December 1875 -- 28 February 1959) was a German writer who specialized in the occult, Goethe research, and the history of music.	Waldemar von Wasielewski	German
languages spoken or written	Herman Branover (Hebrew: ירמיהו ברנובר‎; born 1931) is a Russian Israeli physicist and Jewish educator.	Herman Branover	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Richard Knolles (c. 1545 -- July 1610) was an English historian, famous for his account of the Ottoman Empire, the first major description in the English language.	Richard Knolles	English
languages spoken or written	Joseph Agricol Viala (22 September 1780, Avignon -- 6 July 1793, Caumont-sur-Durance) was a child hero in the French Revolutionary Army.	Joseph Agricol Viala	French
languages spoken or written	Antonio Gamoneda (born May 30, 1931) is a Spanish poet, winner of the Cervantes Prize in 2006.	Antonio Gamoneda	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Joaquín Fernández Prida (1865 in Oviedo, Spain - 1942 in Madrid, Spain) was a Spanish lawyer and politician who served as Minister of State in 1922, during the reign of King Alfonso XIII of Spain.	Joaquín Fernández Prida	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Arthème Camille Matignon (3 January 1867 -- 18 March 1934) was a French chemist noted for his work in thermochemistry.	Camille Matignon	French
languages spoken or written	Paul Sérieux (French: (se.ʁjø); 1864--1947) was a French psychiatrist who was a native of Paris.	Paul Sérieux	French
languages spoken or written	Erlend Loe (born 24 May 1969 in Trondheim) is a Norwegian novelist, screenwriter and film critic.	Erlend Loe	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	HA Schult, born Hans-Jürgen Schult on June 24, 1939 in Parchim, Mecklenburg is a German installation, happening and conceptual artist known primarily for his object and performance art and more specifically his work with garbage.	HA Schult	German
languages spoken or written	Lucian Scherman (born October 10, 1864 in Posen, died May 29, 1946 in Hanson, Massachusetts) was a German Indologist, curator of the Ethnology Museum in Munich, and also a professor at the University there.	Lucian Scherman	German
languages spoken or written	Pietro Garinei (1 February 1919 -- 9 May 2006) was an Italian playwright, actor, and songwriter.	Pietro Garinei	Italian
languages spoken or written	Francesco Benozzo (born 22 February 1969) is an Italian poet, musician and philologist.	Francesco Benozzo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Christoph Köler or (in Latin), Christophorus Colerus (1602-1658) was a German poet and writer.	Christoph Köler	German
languages spoken or written	Albert François Cevert Goldenberg (25 February 1944 -- 6 October 1973) was a French racing driver who took part in the Formula One World Championship.	François Cevert	French
languages spoken or written	Norman Pace (born 17 February 1953 in Dudley, Worcestershire) is an English actor and comedian, best known as one half of the comedy duo Hale and Pace with his friend and comic partner Gareth Hale.	Norman Pace	English
languages spoken or written	Antón Arieta-Araunabeña Piedra (born 6 January 1946), known as Arieta, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a striker.	Antón Arieta	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Edward John Payne (22 July 1844 -- 26 December 1904) was an English barrister and historian specializing in colonial history.	Edward John Payne	English
languages spoken or written	Herbert Vorgrimler (4 January 1929 -- 12 September 2014) was a Catholic theologian and author who has written 33 books published in English, most of them translated from his over 90 books in German.	Herbert Vorgrimler	German
languages spoken or written	Helmut Andreas Paul Grieshaber or HAP Grieshaber (15 February 1909 - 12 May 1981) was a German artist.	HAP Grieshaber	German
languages spoken or written	Henry Ingram, 7th Viscount of Irvine (30 April 1691 -- 4 April 1761), styled The Honourable Henry Ingram until 1736, was an English landowner and politician.	Henry Ingram, 7th Viscount of Irvine	English
languages spoken or written	Giacomo Devoto (19 July 1897 -- 25 December 1974) was an Italian historical linguist and one of the greatest exponents of the twentieth century of the discipline.	Giacomo Devoto	Italian
languages spoken or written	Lajos Bíró (born Lajos Blau) (22 August 1880 -- 9 September 1948) was a Austro-Hungarian novelist, playwright, and screenwriter who wrote many films from the early 1920s through the late 1940s.	Lajos Bíró	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Jacques Anne Joseph Le Prestre de Vauban (10 March 1754, in Dijon -- 20 April 1816) was a French general of the Ancien Régime and the French Revolutionary Wars.	Jacques Anne Joseph Le Prestre de Vauban	French
languages spoken or written	Barbara Petzold (born August 8, 1955) is a former East German Cross-country skier who competed during the 1970s and early 1980s.	Barbara Petzold	German
languages spoken or written	Gerhard Kofler (February 11, 1949 in Bolzano - November 2, 2005 in Vienna) was an Austrian-Italian writer.	Gerhard Kofler	Italian
languages spoken or written	José Antonio Ortega Lara (Montuenga, parish of Madrigalejo del Monte, Burgos, 1958) is a former Spanish prison officer who was kidnapped by the separatist organization ETA for 532 days between 1996 and 1997.	José Antonio Ortega Lara	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Édgar Alexánder Campos Mora (born September 17, 1977), better known as Alex Campos, is a Colombian Christian singer that is popular in Latin America and in Spanish speaking countries.	Alex Campos	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ernest Grandidier (1833 --1912) was a French industrialist, naturalist and art collector.	Ernest Grandidier	French
languages spoken or written	Sir Nicholas Grimshaw, CBE, PPRA (born 9 October 1939) is a prominent English architect, particularly noted for several modernist buildings, including London's Waterloo International railway station and the Eden Project in Cornwall.	Nicholas Grimshaw	English
languages spoken or written	Taku Mayumura ( Mayumura Taku, 20 October 1934 - ) is a Japanese science fiction writer who won the Seiun Award for Novel twice.	Taku Mayumura	Japanese
languages spoken or written	Sir Charles Morgan, 1st Baronet (25 April 1726 -- 7 December 1806) was an English Judge Advocate-General.	Sir Charles Morgan, 1st Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	John Gauden (1605 -- 23 May 1662) was an English Bishop of Exeter then Bishop of Worcester and writer, and the reputed author of the important Royalist work Eikon Basilike.	John Gauden	English
languages spoken or written	Rocío Delgado (born July 21, 1977 in Huesca) is a Spanish freestyle skier, specializing in ski cross.	Rocío Delgado	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Kaka Radhakrishnan (c. 1925 -- 14 June 2012) was an Indian film actor who acted in Tamil language films from the 1940s onwards.	Kaka Radhakrishnan	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Cherubino Alberti (1553--1615), also called Borghegiano, was an Italian engraver and painter.	Cherubino Alberti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Manuel Sanchis i Guarner (Valencia, 1911-1981) was a Spanish philologist, historian and writer.	Manuel Sanchis i Guarner	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Antonio Miguel Parra (born December 26, 1982 in Palafrugell, Girona) is a retired Spanish professional track cyclist.	Antonio Miguel Parra	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Kamahl Santamaria is a foundation news anchor and journalist at Al Jazeera English, based in Doha.	Kamahl Santamaria	English
languages spoken or written	Élisée Maclet (1881--1962) was a French impressionist painter.	Élisée Maclet	French
languages spoken or written	Wilfride Piollet (28 April 1943 -- 20 January 2015) was a French prima ballerina and choreographer.	Wilfride Piollet	French
languages spoken or written	Oskar Pastior (20 October 1927 -- 4 October 2006) was a Romanian-born German poet and translator.	Oskar Pastior	German
languages spoken or written	Johannes Vares (12 January 1890 (O.S. 31 December 1889) -- 29 November 1946), commonly known as Johannes Vares Barbarus, was an Estonian poet, doctor, and politician.	Johannes Vares	Estonian
languages spoken or written	Iorwerth Eiddon Stephen Edwards CBE, FBA (21 July 1909 -- 24 September 1996) -- known as I. E. S. Edwards-- was an English Egyptologist considered to be a leading expert on the pyramids.	I. E. S. Edwards	English
languages spoken or written	Oliviero Toscani (born 28 February 1942) is an Italian photographer, best-known worldwide for designing controversial advertising campaigns for Italian brand Benetton, from 1982 to 2000.	Oliviero Toscani	Italian
languages spoken or written	Wilhelm Gottlieb Tennemann (7 December 1761 -- 30 September 1819) was a German historian of philosophy.	Wilhelm Gottlieb Tennemann	German
languages spoken or written	Acislo Antonio Palomino de Castro y Velasco (1653 -- 13 April 1726) was a Spanish painter of the Baroque period, and a writer on art, author of El Museo pictórico y escala óptica, which contains a large amount of important biographical material on Spanish artists.	Antonio Palomino	Spanish
languages spoken or written	John Verney, 1st Viscount Fermanagh (5 November 1640 -- 23 June 1717), known as Sir John Verney, 2nd Baronet between 1696 and 1703, was an English peer, merchant and Tory politician.	John Verney, 1st Viscount Fermanagh	English
languages spoken or written	Constantin Christian Dedekind (2 April 1628 -- 1715) was a German poet, dramatist, librettist, composer and bass singer of the Baroque era.	Constantin Christian Dedekind	German
languages spoken or written	Sandro Chia (born 20 April 1946) is an Italian painter and sculptor.	Sandro Chia	Italian
languages spoken or written	Dares Phrygius (Ancient Greek: Δάρης, Dárēs; Middle Welsh: Dared), according to Homer, was a Trojan priest of Hephaestus.	Dares Phrygius	Greek
languages spoken or written	Charles Thurstan Shaw CBE FBA FSA (27 June 1914 - 8 March 2013) was an English archaeologist, the first trained specialist to work in what was then British West Africa.	Charles Thurstan Shaw	English
languages spoken or written	Antonio Trashorras, born 22 September 1969, is a Spanish screenwriter.	Antonio Trashorras	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Nguyễn Nhật Ánh (born on May 7, 1955) is a Vietnamese author who writes for teenagers and adults.	Nguyễn Nhật Ánh	Vietnamese
languages spoken or written	Phạm Xuân Ẩn (September 12, 1927 -- September 20, 2006) was a Vietnamese journalist and correspondent for Time (magazine), Reuters and the New York Herald Tribune, stationed in Saigon during the war in Vietnam.	Phạm Xuân Ẩn	Vietnamese
languages spoken or written	Lewis Fry Richardson, FRS (11 October 1881 -- 30 September 1953) was an English mathematician, physicist, meteorologist, psychologist and pacifist who pioneered modern mathematical techniques of weather forecasting, and the application of similar techniques to studying the causes of wars and how to prevent them.	Lewis Fry Richardson	English
languages spoken or written	Manfred Osten (born January 19, 1938) is a German poet and cultural historian.	Manfred Osten	German
languages spoken or written	Manohar Singh (1938 -- 14 November 2002) was a distinguished Indian theatre actor-director and a character actor in Hindi films.	Manohar Singh	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Reverend Henry Melvill Gwatkin (30 July 1844 -- 14 November 1916) was an English theologian and church historian.	Henry Melvill Gwatkin	English
languages spoken or written	William Thomas Stead (5 July 1849 -- 15 April 1912) was an English newspaper editor who, as a pioneer of investigative journalism, became a controversial figure of the Victorian era.	William Thomas Stead	English
languages spoken or written	Tommy Robredo Garcés (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈtomi roˈβɾeðo ɣarˈθes), Catalan: (ɣərˈses); born 1 May 1982) is a Spanish professional tennis player.	Tommy Robredo	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Josefina de la Torre Millares (1907--2002) was a Spanish poet, novelist, and opera singer, as well as a stage, film, radio, and television actress.	Josefina de la Torre	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Fernando Cagigal de la Vega y Martínez Niño de San Miguel y Pacheco, 4th Marquess of Casa Cagigal (1756--1824) was a Spanish soldier, poet, and playwright.	Fernando Cagigal	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Giuseppe Terragni (Italian: (dʒuˈzɛppe terˈraɲɲi); 18 April 1904 -- 19 July 1943) was an Italian architect who worked primarily under the fascist regime of Benito Mussolini and pioneered the Italian modern movement under the rubric of Rationalism.	Giuseppe Terragni	Italian
languages spoken or written	Matilde Serao (Italian pronunciation: (maˈtilde seˈraːo); March 7, 1856 -- 25 July 1927) was a Greek-born Italian journalist and novelist.	Matilde Serao	Italian
languages spoken or written	Ana de Jesús, O.C.D., translated into English as Ann of Jesus, also known as Ann Lobera (25 November 1545 -- 4 March 1621), was a Spanish Discalced Carmelite nun and writer.	Ana de Jesús	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jean-Baptiste Gail (1755--1829) was a French Hellenist scholar, member of the Institut de France (French Institute).	Jean-Baptiste Gail	French
languages spoken or written	Leonardo de Benedetti (born September 15, 1898 in Turin, Italy; died October 16, 1983) was an Italian Jew and physician who was interned in the Auschwitz concentration camp from February 1944 until its liberation in January 1945.	Leonardo de Benedetti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Francis Robartes FRS (c. 1649 -- 3 February 1718) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1673 and 1718.	Francis Robartes	English
languages spoken or written	John Gifford (1758 -- 6 March 1818) was an English political writer.	John Gifford	English
languages spoken or written	Juliusz Słowacki (Polish pronunciation: (ˈjuljuʂ swɔˈvat͡ski); 4 September 1809 -- 3 April 1849) was a Polish Romantic poet.	Juliusz Słowacki	Polish
languages spoken or written	Zofia Helman (born 8 March 1937) is a Polish musicologist and an honorary member of the Polish Composers' Union.	Zofia Helman	Polish
languages spoken or written	José Bódalo Zúffoli (March 24, 1916 -- July 24, 1985) was an Argentine born Spanish film actor.	José Bódalo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	William Henry Jones (1817--1885), William Henry Rich Jones from 1883, was an English Anglican priest and antiquarian.	William Henry Jones	English
languages spoken or written	Bertalan Szemere (1812--1869) was a Hungarian poet and nationalist who became the third Prime Minister of Hungary during the short period of the Hungarian Revolution of 1848 when Hungary was independent of rule by the Austrian Empire.	Bertalan Szemere	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Arun Bali (Punjabi: ਅਰੁਣ ਬਾਲੀ, Hindi: अरुन बाली) is an Indian actor who has worked in numerous films and television series.	Arun Bali	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Kurt Stöpel (12 March 1908 -- 11 June 1997) was a German professional road bicycle racer.	Kurt Stöpel	German
languages spoken or written	Saeed Hajjarian (Persian: سعید حجاریان‎‎, born 1954) is an Iranian reformist political strategist, journalist, pro-democracy activist and former intelligence officer.	Saeed Hajjarian	Persian
languages spoken or written	Ephraim Chambers (c.1680 -- 15 May 1740) was an English writer and encyclopaedist, who is primarily known for producing the Cyclopaedia, or a Universal Dictionary of Arts and Sciences.	Ephraim Chambers	English
languages spoken or written	Walid Khalidi (Arabic: وليد خالدي‎, born 1925 in Jerusalem) is an Oxford University-educated Palestinian historian who has written extensively on the Palestinian exodus.	Walid Khalidi	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Lorenzo de Rodas (1930 -- December 18, 2011), was a Spanish actor and film director.	Lorenzo de Rodas	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Christian Baudelot (born 9 December 1938, Paris) is a French sociologist based at the École normale supérieure.	Christian Baudelot	French
languages spoken or written	Dhirubhai Thaker (27 June 1918 -- 22 January 2014) was an Indian Gujarati writer, who was best known for creating the Gujarati Vishwakosh, a 25-volume encyclopedia of the Gujarati language.	Dhirubhai Thaker	Gujarati
languages spoken or written	Louis Companyo (born in Céret in 1781 and died in Perpignan in 1871) was a French physician and naturalist.	Louis Companyo	French
languages spoken or written	Edme-Sébastien Jeaurat (14 September 1725 -- 7 March 1803) was a French astronomer most notable for publishing a map of the 64 stars of the Pleiades in 1786.	Edme-Sébastien Jeaurat	French
languages spoken or written	Elio Modigliani (13 June 1860 -- 6 August 1932) was an Italian anthropologist, zoologist, explorer, and plant collector.	Elio Modigliani	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jean Boutière (1 November 1898 -- 29 January 1967) was a French philologist, specialist in Romance philology.	Jean Boutière	French
languages spoken or written	Christian Reuter (born 1665 in Kütten; died 1712 or later) was a German author.	Christian Reuter	German
languages spoken or written	Johan Otto von Spreckelsen (May 4, 1929--March 16, 1987) was a Danish architect, best known for designing the Grande Arche of La Défense in Paris.	Johan Otto von Spreckelsen	Danish
languages spoken or written	Antonio Afonso Moreno (25 August 1943 -- 9 June 1975), known as Tonono, was a Spanish footballer who played as a sweeper.	Tonono	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Basile Boli (born January 2, 1967) is a French former footballer and current television sports presenter.	Basile Boli	French
languages spoken or written	Irja Agnes Browallius (1901--1968) was a Swedish teacher, novelist and short story writer.	Irja Agnes Browallius	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Teodor Jeske-Choiński (27 February 1854 - 14 April 1920 ) was a Polish intellectual, writer and historian, literature critic.	Teodor Jeske-Choiński	Polish
languages spoken or written	Richard Ligon (1585?--1662), a British author, lost his fortune as a royalist during the English Civil War (1642-1651), and during this turbulent time in England he found himself, as he notes in his narrative, a ``stranger in my own country.''	Richard Ligon	English
languages spoken or written	Xiong Zhaozheng (Chinese: 熊召政; pinyin: Xióng Zhāozhèng; born December 1953) is a Chinese novelist.	Xiong Zhaozheng	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Andy Byatt is an English wildlife documentary film producer for the BBC Natural History Unit (NHU) in Bristol.	Andy Byatt	English
languages spoken or written	Guglielmo Ferrero (Italian pronunciation: (ɡuʎˈʎelmo ferˈreːro); July 21, 1871 -- August 3, 1942) was an Italian historian, journalist and novelist, author of the Greatness and Decline of Rome (5 volumes, published after English translation 1907--1909).	Guglielmo Ferrero	Italian
languages spoken or written	James Duffield Harding (1798 -- 4 December 1863), was an English landscape painter, lithographer and author of drawing manuals.	James Duffield Harding	English
languages spoken or written	Halide Edib Adıvar (Ottoman Turkish: خالده اديب‎ (haliˈde eˈdib); sometimes spelled Halidé Edib in English) (1884 -- 9 January 1964) was a Turkish novelist, nationalist, and political leader for women's rights.	Halide Edib Adıvar	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Jean Le Pelletier (December 29, 1633 - August 31, 1711) was a French polygraph and alchemist.	Jean Le Pelletier	French
languages spoken or written	Juraj Červenák (born June 16, 1974) is a Slovak author best known for his short stories and novels, which mix elements of sword and sorcery with historical fantasy and Slavic mythology.	Juraj Červenák	Slovak
languages spoken or written	Andreas Gursky (born January 15, 1955) is a German photographer and Professor at the Kunstakademie Düsseldorf, Germany.	Andreas Gursky	German
languages spoken or written	Manlio Simonetti (Rome 2 May 1926) is a major Italian expert and scholar in Patristics and the history of Biblical interpretation.	Manlio Simonetti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Yona Friedman (born 5 June 1923, Budapest) is a Hungarian-born French architect, urban planner and designer.	Yona Friedman	French
languages spoken or written	François Coli (June 5, 1881 - presumably on or after May 8, 1927) was a French pilot and navigator best known as the one-eyed flying partner of Charles Nungesser in their doomed attempt to fly the Atlantic Ocean on the aircraft known as The White Bird.	François Coli	French
languages spoken or written	Claude Liauzu (April 24, 1940 in Casablanca, Morocco -- May 23, 2007), was a French historian specializing in the history of colonialism.	Claude Liauzu	French
languages spoken or written	Claude Guéant (born 17 January 1945) is a French civil servant.	Claude Guéant	French
languages spoken or written	Antoni Czubiński (22 November 1928 in Konin, Poland -- 10 February 2003 in Poznań, Poland) was a Polish historian and director of the Western Institute (Instytut Zachodni) in Poznań from 1978 to 1990.	Antoni Czubiński	Polish
languages spoken or written	Manuel Argüelles Argüelles (November 10, 1875, in Madrid -- 1945) was a Spanish politician and lawyer.	Manuel Argüelles Argüelles	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Josep Bargalló i Valls (Catalan pronunciation: (ʒuˈzɛb bərɣəˈʎo)) (born 3 October 1958 in Torredembarra, Tarragonès) is a Catalan philologist.	Josep Bargalló	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Frank Castorf (born 17 July 1951 in East Berlin) is a German theater director and since 1992 the artistic director of the Volksbühne am Rosa-Luxemburg-Platz.	Frank Castorf	German
languages spoken or written	Guy Novès (born 5 February 1954) is a former French rugby union player and current coach of the French national team.	Guy Novès	French
languages spoken or written	Angel Orensanz (b. Huesca, 1940) is a Spanish sculptor and painter who has lived in New York City since 1986.	Angel Orensanz	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Henri Lachambre (30 December 1846, Vagney, Vosges -- 12 June 1904) was a French manufacturer of balloons.	Henri Lachambre	French
languages spoken or written	Jean Bourgogne was a French entomologist .	Jean Bourgogne	French
languages spoken or written	Pierre Trimouillat (1858 -- 5 January 1929) was a French songwriter, comedian and singer who was active in the cabarets of Paris in the 1890s.	Pierre Trimouillat	French
languages spoken or written	Claude Antoine Jean Georges Napoléon Coste (27 June 1805 -- 17 February 1883) was a French guitarist and composer.	Napoléon Coste	French
languages spoken or written	Miodrag Grbić, (25 December 1901 -- 30 June 1969) was a Serbian archeologist and custos.	Miodrag Grbić	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Wolfgang Ratke (also Wolfgangus Ratichius or Wolfgang Ratich) (18 October 1571 -- 27 April 1635) was a German educational reformer.	Wolfgang Ratke	German
languages spoken or written	Alphonse Royer, (10 September 1803--11 April 1875) was a French author, dramatist and theatre manager, most remembered today for having written (with his regular collaborator, Gustave Vaëz) the librettos for Gaetano Donizetti's opera La favorite and Giuseppe Verdi's Jérusalem.	Alphonse Royer	French
languages spoken or written	Jochen Klepper (March 22, 1903 -- December 11, 1942) was a German writer, poet and journalist.	Jochen Klepper	German
languages spoken or written	Jean Charles Cazin (May 25, 1840 -- March 17, 1901) was a French landscape painter and ceramicist.	Jean Charles Cazin	French
languages spoken or written	Iris Gusner (born Trautenau 16 January 1941) is a German film director and screenwriter.	Iris Gusner	German
languages spoken or written	Roberto Girometti is an Italian film director and cinematographer.	Roberto Girometti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Otto Pöggeler (12 December 1928 in Attendorn -- 10 December 2014) was a German philosopher.	Otto Pöggeler	German
languages spoken or written	Joan Herrera i Torres (Barcelona, Spain, 29 January 1971) is a Spanish Catalan lawyer and politician.	Joan Herrera i Torres	Spanish Catalan
languages spoken or written	Gonçal Mayos Solsona (born 1957) is a Spanish philosopher, essayist and professor at the University of Barcelona.	Gonçal Mayos Solsona	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Luis Francisco de la Cerda y Aragón, (El Puerto de Santa María, August 2, 1660 -- Pamplona, January 26, 1711), 9th Duke of Medinaceli, was a Spanish noble and politician.	Luis Francisco de la Cerda	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Christopher Headington (28 April 1930 -- 19 March 1996) was an English composer, musicologist, and pianist.	Christopher Headington	English
languages spoken or written	Pierre-François Bouchard (29 April 1771, Orgelet -- 5 august 1822, Givet) was an officer in the French Army engineers who is most famous for discovering the Rosetta Stone, an important archaeological find that allowed Ancient Egyptian writing to be understood for the first time in centuries.	Pierre-François Bouchard	French
languages spoken or written	Rein Taagepera (born 28 February 1933) is an Estonian political scientist and former politician.	Rein Taagepera	Estonian
languages spoken or written	Julius Faucher (June 13, 1820 in Berlin -- June 12, 1878 in Rome) was a German journalist and a significant advocate of liberalism and free trade.	Julius Faucher	German
languages spoken or written	Canon William Greenwell, FRS, FSA, FSA Scot (23 March 1820 -- 27 January 1918) was an English archaeologist and Church of England priest.	William Greenwell	English
languages spoken or written	William George Hoskins CBE FBA (22 May 1908 -- 11 January 1992) was an English local historian who founded the first university department of English Local History.	William George Hoskins	English
languages spoken or written	Miquel Creus i Muñoz alias Miquel Desclot (Barcelona, 1952) is a Catalan writer and translator known for his Catalan translations of works by Dante, Petrarca or Michelangelo Buonarroti.	Miquel Desclot	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Sandrone Dazieri (born November 4, 1964) is a popular Italian crime writer.	Sandrone Dazieri	Italian
languages spoken or written	Zdeněk Rykr (26 October 1900 -- 15 January 1940) was a Czech painter, illustrator, journalist and theatre designer.	Zdeněk Rykr	Czech
languages spoken or written	Nils Johan Rud (24 July 1908 -- 7 June 1993) was a Norwegian novelist, writer of short stories, children's writer, and a magazine editor.	Nils Johan Rud	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	He Jiahong (Chinese: 何家弘; pinyin: Hé Jiāhóng) (born May 10, 1953 in Beijing, China) is an expert in the field of criminal justice in China and teaches at the Renmin University of China in Beijing.	He Jiahong	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Joseph-Émile Baeteman (September 29, 1880 -- 1938) was a French missionary and religious writer.	Joseph-Émile Baeteman	French
languages spoken or written	Wilhelm Dilthey (German: (ˈdɪltaɪ); 19 November 1833 -- 1 October 1911) was a German historian, psychologist, sociologist, and hermeneutic philosopher, who held Hegel's Chair in Philosophy at the University of Berlin.	Wilhelm Dilthey	German
languages spoken or written	Sigrid Undset (20 May 1882 -- 10 June 1949) was a Norwegian novelist who was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1928.	Sigrid Undset	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Nikita Mandryka (born October 20, 1940) is a French cartoonist of Russian origin.	Nikita Mandryka	French
languages spoken or written	Simone Michel-Lévy (19 January 1906, Chaussin -- 13 April 1945 Flossenbürg concentration camp) was a French Resistance worker.	Simone Michel-Lévy	French
languages spoken or written	Charles Edward Baring Young (19 March 1850 - 22 September 1928) was an English educationalist and Conservative politician.	Charles Edward Baring Young	English
languages spoken or written	Francesco Trevisani (April 9, 1656 -- July 30, 1746) was an Italian painter, active in the period called either early Rococo or late Baroque (barochetto).	Francesco Trevisani	Italian
languages spoken or written	Clement Mary Hofbauer, C.Ss.R., (German: Klemens Maria Hofbauer) (December 26, 1751 -- March 15, 1820) was a Moravian hermit and later a priest of the Redemptorist congregation.	Clement Mary Hofbauer	German
languages spoken or written	Shamsur Rahman Faruqi (Urdu: شمس الرحمٰن فاروقی‎) (born 15 January 1935) is an Indian poet and one of the leading Urdu critics and theorists.	Shamsur Rahman Faruqi	Urdu
languages spoken or written	Mehmet Ruhi Su (20 October 1912 -- 20 September 1985) was a Turkish opera singer, Turkish folk singer and saz virtuoso of possibly Armenian origin.	Ruhi Su	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Yemima Avidar-Tchernovitz (Hebrew: ימימה אבידר-טשרנוביץ‎; October 1909 -- March 20, 1998) was an Israeli author whose works became classics of modern Hebrew children's literature.	Yemima Avidar-Tchernovitz	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Mathias Richling (born 24 March 1953 in Waiblingen) is a German actor, author, comedian and Kabarett artist.	Mathias Richling	German
languages spoken or written	Ernst Mally (German: (ˈmali); 11 October 1879 -- 8 March 1944) was an Austrian philosopher affiliated with the so-called Graz School of phenomenological psychology.	Ernst Mally	German
languages spoken or written	Giancarlo Flati (L'Aquila, May 11, 1953) is an Italian painter, researcher and writer.	Giancarlo Flati	Italian
languages spoken or written	José Gonzalo Zulaica (San Sebastián, Spain, 1886--1956), better known by his pen name Aita Donostia (Father Donostia or Father San Sebastian, because he was a priest born in San Sebastian, Donostia in the Basque language), was a Basque musicologist and composer.	Aita Donostia	Basque
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Toti (born 7 September 1968) is an Italian journalist and politician, who has been President of Liguria since June 2015 and political counselor of Forza Italia since January 2014.	Giovanni Toti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Avraham Granot (Hebrew: אברהם גרנות‎‎, born Abraham Granovsky; 18 June 1890 -- 5 July 1962) was a Zionist activist, Israeli politician and a signatory of the Israeli declaration of independence.	Avraham Granot	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Antoine Jérôme Balard (30 September 1802 -- 30 April 1876) was a French chemist and one of the discoverers of bromine.	Antoine Jérôme Balard	French
languages spoken or written	Nadežda Petrović (Serbian Cyrillic: Надежда Петровић; 11/12 October 1873 -- 3 April 1915) was a Serbian painter from the late 19th and early 20th centuries.	Nadežda Petrović	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Sanusi Pane (14 November 1905 -- 2 January 1968) was an Indonesian writer, journalist, and historian.	Sanusi Pane	Indonesian
languages spoken or written	Phan Văn Hùm (9 April 1902 -- 1946) was a Vietnamese Trotskyite who took part in the Fourth International in 1922.	Phan Văn Hùm	Vietnamese
languages spoken or written	George Leonardos (Greek: Γιώργος Λεονάρδος; born 1937) is a Greek author of historical novels.	George Leonardos	Greek
languages spoken or written	Mate Balota (28 September 1898 -- 17 February 1963), born Mijo Mirković, was a prominent Croatian poet, novelist and economist.	Mate Balota	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Joseph Zen Ze-kiun SDB (born 12 January 1931) is a Chinese Cardinal of the Catholic Church, who served as the sixth Bishop of Hong Kong.	Joseph Zen	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Auguste Joseph Alphonse Gratry (usually known as Joseph Gratry) (10 March 1805 − 6 February 1872) was a French author and theologian.	Auguste Joseph Alphonse Gratry	French
languages spoken or written	Đào Duy Từ (1572--1634) was a Vietnamese scholar, poet, military adviser, and mandarin who served under the reign of Nguyễn lord Nguyễn Phúc Nguyên.	Đào Duy Từ	Vietnamese
languages spoken or written	Sigrid Weigel (born March 25, 1950, Hamburg) is a professor of German Literature and Director of the Centre for Literature Research in Berlin.	Sigrid Weigel	German
languages spoken or written	Stephen Rumbold Lushington (6 May 1776 -- 5 Aug 1868) was an English Tory politician and an administrator in India.	Stephen Rumbold Lushington	English
languages spoken or written	Madhu Shalini is an Indian film actress and model, who has appeared in Telugu and Tamil language films.	Madhu Shalini	Telugu
languages spoken or written	Valentín Parera (1895--1986) was a Spanish actor who appeared in both silent and sound films in the 1920s and 1930s.	Valentín Parera	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Samuel Roffey Maitland (1792--1866) was an English historian and miscellaneous writer on religious topics.	Samuel Roffey Maitland	English
languages spoken or written	Jean-Louis Beffa (born August 11, 1941, in Nice, France) is a French businessman.	Jean-Louis Beffa	French
languages spoken or written	Alain Maratrat (born 1950) is French actor, theater and opera director known for his innovative interpretations and staging.	Alain Maratrat	French
languages spoken or written	Nikolai von Michalewsky (aka Mark Brandis) (January 17, 1931 -- December 27, 2000) was a German writer and journalist best known for a series of science fiction novels published between 1970 and 1987.	Mark Brandis	German
languages spoken or written	Haydar Ergülen is one of the important poets of the recent generation in contemporary Turkish literature.	Haydar Ergülen	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Andreas Bethmann is a German film director, producer, and screenwriter.	Andreas Bethmann	German
languages spoken or written	Dominique Ané (born 6 October 1968), better known as ``Dominique A,'' is a French songwriter and singer.	Dominique A	French
languages spoken or written	Fernando de Toledo, (ca. 1528--1591) was a Spanish nobleman.	Fernando de Toledo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Stanisław Grabski (April 5, 1871 in Borów, Łowicz County -- May 6, 1949 in Sulejówek) was a Polish economist and politician, member of the Sejm, associated with the National Democracy political camp.	Stanisław Grabski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Sebastián Lerdo de Tejada y Corral (Spanish pronunciation: (seβasˈtjan ˈlerðo ðe teˈxaða); 24 April 1823 -- 21 April 1889) was a jurist and Liberal president of Mexico.	Sebastián Lerdo de Tejada	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sir William Waller (c. 1597 -- 19 September 1668) was an English Parliamentary general during the English Civil War.	William Waller	English
languages spoken or written	Don Valeriano Weyler y Nicolau, Marquis of Tenerife, Duke of Rubí, Grandee of Spain, (September 17, 1838 -- October 20, 1930) was a Spanish general and colonial administrator.	Valeriano Weyler	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ombretta Colli (born Ombretta Comelli on 21 September 1945) is an Italian singer, actress and politician.	Ombretta Colli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Paolo Emilio Taviani (November 6, 1912 - June 18, 2001) was an Italian political leader, economist and historian of the career of Christopher Columbus.	Paolo Emilio Taviani	Italian
languages spoken or written	Francesco Storace (born 25 January 1959 in Cassino, Lazio) is an Italian politician.	Francesco Storace	Italian
languages spoken or written	Juan Manuel Cajigal y Niño (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈxwan maˈnwel kaxiˈɣal i ˈniɲo)) (sometimes, Juan Manuel Cagigal y Niño in the orthography of the period) was a Spanish Captain General, born in Cádiz, in 1754.	Juan Manuel Cajigal	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Dobriša Cesarić (10 January 1902 -- 18 December 1980) was a Croatian poet and translator born in Požega.	Dobriša Cesarić	Croatian
languages spoken or written	James Hervey (26 February 1714 -- 25 December 1758) was an English clergyman and writer.	James Hervey	English
languages spoken or written	Nicolas Rigault (Rigaltius; 1577-1654) was a French classical scholar.	Nicolas Rigault	French
languages spoken or written	K-Hito was the pseudonym of Ricardo García López (1890--1984), Spanish humorist, caricaturist, bullfighting critic, film producer, and magazine publisher.	K-Hito	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Alejo Peyret (in French Alexis Pierre Louis Edouard Peyret; December 11, 1826 - August 27, 1902) was a French-born Argentine writer, agronomist, colonial administrator, and historian.	Alejo Peyret	French
languages spoken or written	Mikael Gustafsson is a Finnish-born Swedish politician, who from 2011 until 2014, was a Member of the European Parliament, representing Sweden.	Mikael Gustafsson	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Elisabeth Bergner (22 August 1897 -- 12 May 1986) was a German language film and stage actress who acted in Germany until moving to England to escape the Nazi threat to the Jews.	Elisabeth Bergner	German
languages spoken or written	Marie François Joseph Clozel (29 March 1860 - 10 May 1918) was a French colonial administrator who became Governor General of French West Africa.	François Joseph Clozel	French
languages spoken or written	Juan de Lucena (1430--1506) was a Spanish humanist.	Juan de Lucena	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sir Thomas Clifford Allbutt (20 July 1836 -- 22 February 1925) was an English physician and inventor of the clinical thermometer.	Clifford Allbutt	English
languages spoken or written	Pauls Putniņš (born 12 November 1937) is a Latvian playwright, journalist and politician.	Pauls Putniņš	Latvian
languages spoken or written	Alojz Rebula (born 21 June 1924) is a Slovene writer, playwright, essayist, and translator, and a prominent member of the Slovene minority in Italy.	Alojz Rebula	Slovene
languages spoken or written	Duvvasi Mohan(Telugu: దువ్వాసి మోహన్) is a Telugu comedian.	Duvvasi Mohan	Telugu
languages spoken or written	Josefa Carpena-Amat (December 19, 1919 -- June 5, 2005), known by the pseudonym Pepita Carpeña, was a militant trade unionist and Spanish anarchist.	Pepita Carpeña	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Elmar Hess born 1966 in Hamburg is a German artist.	Elmar Hess	German
languages spoken or written	Johannes Tuchel (born 20 December 1957) is a German Political scientist.	Johannes Tuchel	German
languages spoken or written	Narayan Sitaram Phadke (1894-1978), was a Marathi writer from Maharashtra, India.	Narayan Sitaram Phadke	Marathi
languages spoken or written	Yona Wallach (Hebrew: יונה וולך‎; June 10, 1944 -- September 29, 1985) was an Israeli poet.	Yona Wallach	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Esther Lahoz Castelló (born 2 May 1963 in Pancrudo) is a retired Spanish sprinter who specialised in the 400 metres.	Esther Lahoz	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Brigitte Alexander (1911-1995) was a German author, actress, director and translator.	Brigitte Alexander	German
languages spoken or written	Heinrich Laufenberg (19 January 1872 -- 3 February 1932) was a leading German communist and was one of the first to develop the idea of National Bolshevism.	Heinrich Laufenberg	German
languages spoken or written	Wang Shiwei (simplified Chinese: 王实味; traditional Chinese: 王實味; pinyin: Wáng Shíwèi; Wade--Giles: Wang Shih-wei) (March 12, 1906 -- July 1, 1947) was a Chinese journalist and literary writer.	Wang Shiwei	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Kurt Martin (*31 January 1899 in Zurich; †27 January 1975 in Bad Wiessee) was a German art historian.	Kurt Martin	German
languages spoken or written	Anne Birk (real name: Rosemarie Tietz, maiden name Schumacher) (* August 20, 1942 in Trossingen, Germany; † July 29, 2009 in Esslingen, Germany) was a German author.	Anne Birk	German
languages spoken or written	Salim Khan (Hindi: सलीम खान born 24 November 1935) is a veteran Indian actor and screenwriter.	Salim Khan	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Jamie Bulloch is a British historian and translator of German literature.	Jamie Bulloch	German
languages spoken or written	Frank Verpillat, born in 1946 in Lyon, France, was a French director, inventor and artist.	Frank Verpillat	French
languages spoken or written	Jean-François Boisard (born around 1762--1820) in Caen was a French painter and poet.	Jean-François Boisard	French
languages spoken or written	Louis Alphonse de Brébisson (25 September 1798 -- 26 April 1888) was a French botanist and photographer born in Falaise, Calvados.	Louis Alphonse de Brébisson	French
languages spoken or written	Margherita Sarfatti (April 8, 1880 -- October 30, 1961) was an Italian journalist, art critic, patron, collector, socialite, a prominent propaganda adviser of the National Fascist Party.	Margherita Sarfatti	Italian
languages spoken or written	María Isabel Fernández Gutiérrez (born 1 February 1972) is a Spanish judoka.	Isabel Fernández	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Alexander Gottfried Friedrich Gode-von Aesch, or simply Alexander Gode (October 30, 1906 -- August 10, 1970), was a German-American linguist, translator and the driving force behind the creation of the auxiliary language Interlingua.	Alexander Gode	Interlingua
languages spoken or written	María Antinea (1915 - July 29, 1991) was a Spanish actress, vedette, dancer, cupletista and tonadillera.	María Antinea	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Dan Nica (born July 2, 1960) is a Romanian engineer and politician.	Dan Nica	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Bapsi Sidhwa (Urdu: باپسا سادہوا‎; born August 11, 1938) is a Pakistani novelist who writes in English and is resident in America.	Bapsi Sidhwa	English
languages spoken or written	Johannes Peter Müller (14 July 1801 -- 28 April 1858) was a German physiologist, comparative anatomist, ichthyologist, and herpetologist, known not only for his discoveries but also for his ability to synthesize knowledge.	Johannes Peter Müller	German
languages spoken or written	Frank-Peter Roetsch (born 19 April 1964) is a German former biathlete.	Frank-Peter Roetsch	German
languages spoken or written	Mary Wigman (born Marie Wiegmann, 13 November 1886 -- 18 September 1973) was a German dancer, choreographer, notable as the pioneer of expressionist dance, dance therapy, and movement training without pointe shoes.	Mary Wigman	German
languages spoken or written	Jorge Zorreguieta was born in Buenos Aires in 1928, the oldest child of Spanish-Basque and Italian immigrants.	Jorge Zorreguieta	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Prof Frederick Orpen Bower FRS (4 November 1855 -- 11 April 1948) was an English botanist.	Frederick Orpen Bower	English
languages spoken or written	Zeng Fanzhi (Chinese: 曾梵志; born 1964 in Wuhan, Hubei) is a contemporary Chinese artist based in Beijing.	Zeng Fanzhi	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Umberto Lenzi (born 6 August 1931), is an Italian film director who was very active in Italian international co-production peplums, Eurospy films, spaghetti westerns, Macaroni Combat movies, Poliziotteschi films, cannibal films and giallo murder mysteries (in addition to writing many of the screenplays himself).	Umberto Lenzi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Maxime Le Forestier (born 10 February 1949 as Bruno Le Forestier) is a French singer.	Maxime Le Forestier	French
languages spoken or written	Alexandre-Hyacinthe Dunouy (1757--1841) was a French painter known for his landscapes.	Alexandre-Hyacinthe Dunouy	French
languages spoken or written	Diam's (French: (djams); born Mélanie Georgiades on 25 July 1980) is a French-language rap artist of French and Greek Cypriot origin.	Diam's	French
languages spoken or written	Kranti Trivedi is the author of over 45 Hindi titles, Kranti Trivedi was one of the most prolific Hindi language writers of the past century.	Kranti Trivedi	Hindi
languages spoken or written	José Lázaro Galdiano (1862-1947) was a Spanish financier, journalist, publisher and art collector, who, by the time of his death, owned one of the largest and most significant art collections in Spain.	José Lázaro Galdiano	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Edmée Elizabeth Monica Dashwood, née de la Pasture (9 June 1890 -- 2 December 1943), commonly known as E. M. Delafield, was a prolific English author.	E. M. Delafield	English
languages spoken or written	Karl Mantzius (20 February 1860 -- 17 May 1921) was a Danish actor, stage and film director, theatre scholar, and operatic baritone.	Karl Mantzius	Danish
languages spoken or written	Prince Sulkhan-Saba Orbeliani (Georgian: სულხან-საბა ორბელიანი) (1658-1725) was a Georgian writer and diplomat.	Sulkhan-Saba Orbeliani	Georgian
languages spoken or written	Jean-Antoine du Cerceau (12 November 1670 -- 4 July 1730) was a French Jesuit priest, poet, playwright and man of letters.	Jean-Antoine du Cerceau	French
languages spoken or written	Nicolas Viton de Saint-Allais (1773 -- 1842) was a French genealogist and littérateur.	Nicolas Viton de Saint-Allais	French
languages spoken or written	Yves Manglou (born 20 August 1943 in Bras-Panon, Réunion) is a Réunionese writer who writes in both French and Réunion Creole.	Yves Manglou	French
languages spoken or written	Gace Brulé (c. 1160 -- after 1213), French trouvère, was a native of Champagne.	Gace Brulé	French
languages spoken or written	Antoine Guillaumont (13 January 1915 -- 25 August 2000) was a French archaeologist and Syriac scholar .	Antoine Guillaumont	French
languages spoken or written	Dominique Ponchardier (1917, Saint-Étienne -- 1986) was a French screenwriter.	Dominique Ponchardier	French
languages spoken or written	Dovid Knut or Knout (Russian: До́вид Кнут) (23 September (O.S. 10 September) 1900--15 February 1955), real name Duvid Meerovich (later David Mironovich) Fiksman (Russian: Ду́вид Ме́ерович (Дави́д Миро́нович) Фи́ксман), was a Russian Jewish poet and member of the French Resistance.	Dovid Knut	Russian
languages spoken or written	Claude Njiké-Bergeret (born 5 June 1943 at Douala, Cameroon) is the grand daughter and daughter of the French Protestant missionaries Etienne Bergeret and Charles Bergeret which worked in the first half of the 20th century in the bamiléké area in Cameroon.	Claude Njiké-Bergeret	French
languages spoken or written	Mark Hanbury Beaufoy JP (21 September 1854 -- 10 November 1922) was an English vinegar manufacturer and Liberal member of parliament.	Mark Hanbury Beaufoy	English
languages spoken or written	Paolo Meneguzzi (born December 6, 1976 as Pablo Meneguzzo) is a Swiss Italian singer.	Paolo Meneguzzi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Dareysteel (born Solomon Paul) also known as Golongolo Master is a Spanish hip-hop music artist, rapper, singer-songwriter, recording artist and performer.	Dareysteel	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jaya Prakash Reddy is a Telugu actor born in Sirvel, of Kurnool district in the state of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Jaya Prakash Reddy	Telugu
languages spoken or written	Jacques-Théodore Saconney (18 January 1874 Turin, Italy -- 14 July 1935 Dijon, France) was a Senior French Army General, a scientist, and an adventurous balloonist.	Jacques-Théodore Saconney	French
languages spoken or written	Olav Mosebekk (13 September 1910 -- 1 December 2001) was a Norwegian illustrator and painter.	Olav Mosebekk	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Charles Reade (8 June 1814 -- 11 April 1884) was an English novelist and dramatist, best known for The Cloister and the Hearth.	Charles Reade	English
languages spoken or written	Nguyễn Công Trứ (阮公著) also Hi Văn (Uy Viễn, Hà Tĩnh 1778--1858) was a Vietnamese poet and scholar.	Nguyễn Công Trứ	Vietnamese
languages spoken or written	Daniel Goossens is a French cartoonist born in Salon-de-Provence, Bouches-du-Rhône on May 16, 1954.	Daniel Goossens	French
languages spoken or written	Hans Joachim Alpers (July 14, 1943 -- February 16, 2011) was a German writer and editor of science fiction and fantasy.	Hans Joachim Alpers	German
languages spoken or written	Nicolas Sanson (20 December 1600 -- 7 July 1667) was a French cartographer, termed by some the creator of French geography, in which he's been called the ``father of French cartography.''	Nicolas Sanson	French
languages spoken or written	Tomás de Cardona, a native of Venice and living in Seville, was a rich explorer, trader, and teacher of Spanish royal palace from the 17th century, who invested a fortune in a company to exploit the pearl banks in California.	Tomás de Cardona	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Krisztina Morvai (born 22 June 1963) is a Hungarian lawyer and nationalist politician.	Krisztina Morvai	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Felice Romani (January 31, 1788 -- January 28, 1865) was an Italian poet and scholar of literature and mythology who wrote many librettos for the opera composers Donizetti and Bellini.	Felice Romani	Italian
languages spoken or written	Gaston-Laurent Coeurdoux or more accurately spelled Cœurdoux (French: (kœʁdu); 18 December 1691, Bourges, France -- 15 June 1779, Pondicherry, French India) was a French Jesuit missionary in South India and a noteworthy Indologist.	Gaston-Laurent Coeurdoux	French
languages spoken or written	General Giulio Douhet (30 May 1869 -- 15 February 1930) was an Italian general and air power theorist.	Giulio Douhet	Italian
languages spoken or written	Belinda Peregrín Schüll, known mononymously as Belinda (born 15 August 1989) is a Spanish-born Mexican singer-songwriter.	Belinda Peregrín	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Víctor Noriega (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈbiktor noˈɾjeɣa); born Víctor Enrique Noriega Hernandez 10 May 1972) is a Mexican actor, singer and model.	Víctor Noriega	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Rewa Prasad Dwivedi (born 22 August 1935) is a Sanskrit scholar and poet.	Rewa Prasad Dwivedi	Sanskrit
languages spoken or written	Françoise de Graffigny, née d'Issembourg Du Buisson d'Happoncourt (11 February 1695 - 12 December 1758), was a French novelist, playwright and salon hostess.	Françoise de Graffigny	French
languages spoken or written	Zsigmond Móricz (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈʒiɡmond ˈmoːrit͡s); 29 June 1879, Tiszacsécse -- 4 September 1942) was a major Hungarian novelist and Social Realist.	Zsigmond Móricz	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Antonio Barrios Seoane (21 May 1910 -- 19 August 2002) was a Spanish professional football coach.	Antonio Barrios	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Henri Sannier (born 7 September 1947) is a French sports journalist and television presenter.	Henri Sannier	French
languages spoken or written	František Šmahel (born 17 August 1934 in Trhová Kamenice) is a Czech historian of medieval political and intellectual history, known for his works about Hussitism, Universities in the Middle Ages, Humanism, and Monarch representation in the Middle Ages.	František Šmahel	Czech
languages spoken or written	Robert de Blois (fl. second third of the 13th century) was an Old French poet and trouvère, the author of narrative, lyric, didactic, and religious works.	Robert de Blois	French
languages spoken or written	Gui Yufang (Chinese: 桂裕芳; pinyin: Guì Yùfāng; born 1930) is a Chinese translator.	Gui Yufang	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Sir William Randal Cremer (18 March 1828 -- 22 July 1908) usually known by his middle name ``Randal'', was an English Liberal Member of Parliament, a pacifist, and a leading advocate for international arbitration.	Randal Cremer	English
languages spoken or written	Antonio Bido (sometimes credited as Tony B. Dodd) is an Italian film director.	Antonio Bido	Italian
languages spoken or written	Sergio Pérez Mendoza (Spanish (ˈseɾxjo ˈpeɾes) ; born 26 January 1990) also known as ``Checo'' Pérez, is a Mexican racing driver, currently driving for Force India.	Sergio Pérez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Gisèle Lestrange or Gisèle de Lestrange, and after marriage, Gisèle Celan-Lestrange (19 March 1927 -- 9 December 1991), was a French graphic artist.	Gisèle Lestrange	French
languages spoken or written	Charles Cressent (1685--1768) was a French furniture-maker, sculptor and fondeur-ciseleur of the régence style.	Charles Cressent	French
languages spoken or written	Bonifatius Fischer (1915--1997) was a German biblical scholar, textual critic of the Vulgate, and benedictine.	Bonifatius Fischer	German
languages spoken or written	Sir Henry George Ward GCMG (27 February 1797 -- 2 August 1860) was an English diplomat, politician, and colonial administrator.	Henry George Ward	English
languages spoken or written	François de Dainville (21 January 1909 -- 15 January 1971) was a French geographer, historian and Jesuit priest.	François de Dainville	French
languages spoken or written	Romuald Schild (born October 2, 1936) is a professor for the Institute of Archaeology and Ethnology at the Polish Academy of Sciences.	Romuald Schild	Polish
languages spoken or written	César Oudin (c. 1560 - 1 October 1625) was a French Hispanist, translator, paremiologist, grammarian and lexicographer.	César Oudin	French
languages spoken or written	Blessed Bartolo Longo (February 10, 1841 -- October 5, 1926) was an Italian lawyer who has been beatified by the Roman Catholic Church.	Bartolo Longo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Chris Petit (born 1949) is an English novelist and filmmaker.	Chris Petit	English
languages spoken or written	Kazimierz Brandys (27 October 1916 -- 11 March 2000) was a Polish essayist and writer of film scripts.	Kazimierz Brandys	Polish
languages spoken or written	Sigurd Ibsen (23 December 1859 -- 14 April 1930) was a Norwegian author, lawyer and statesman, who served as Prime Minister of Norway in Stockholm (1903--1905) and played a central role in the dissolution of the union between Norway and Sweden in 1905.	Sigurd Ibsen	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Gustaf Munch-Petersen (February 18, 1912 -- April 2, 1938) was a Danish writer and painter.	Gustaf Munch-Petersen	Danish
languages spoken or written	Francesc de Paula Rius i Taulet (Barcelona, 1833 - Olèrdola, 1889) was a Spanish lawyer and politician.	Francesc de Paula Rius i Taulet	Spanish
languages spoken or written	John Horton Blades (1841--1916) was an English brick maker and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1886.	John Horton Blades	English
languages spoken or written	Pietro Antonio Domenico Trapassi, better known by his pseudonym of Pietro Metastasio (Italian pronunciation: (metaˈstaːzjo); 3 January 1698 -- 12 April 1782), was an Italian poet and librettist, considered the most important writer of opera seria libretti.	Pietro Metastasio	Italian
languages spoken or written	Valentin Vodnik (3 February 1758 -- 8 January 1819) was a Carniolan priest, journalist and poet of Slovene descent.	Valentin Vodnik	Slovene
languages spoken or written	Hans Fredrik Dahl (born 16 October 1939) is a Norwegian historian, journalist and media scholar, best known in the English-speaking world for his biography of Vidkun Quisling, a Nazi collaborationist and Minister President for Norway during the Second World War.	Hans Fredrik Dahl	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Jean-Baptiste David (called Jules David; 1808--1892) was a French painter and lithographer.	Jules David	French
languages spoken or written	Adisu Massala (Amharic: አዲሱ መሰለ? Addīsū Messele, Hebrew: אדיסו מאסלה, born 16 June 1961) is an Israeli politician.	Adisu Massala	Amharic
languages spoken or written	Aleksandar Stipčević (October 10, 1930 -- September 1, 2015) was a Croatian archeologist, bibliographer, librarian and historian who specialized in the study of the Illyrians.	Aleksandar Stipčević	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Marie Philibert Constant Sappey (1810 -- 15 March 1896) was a French anatomist born in Cernon, near the city of Bourg-en-Bresse.	Marie Philibert Constant Sappey	French
languages spoken or written	Harald Motzki is a German-trained scholar of Islam who writes on the transmission of hadith.	Harald Motzki	German
languages spoken or written	Taleb el-Sana (Arabic: طلب الصانع‎, Hebrew: טלב אלצאנע‎, born 25 December 1960), sometimes spelled Talab al-Sana or variations thereof, is an Israeli Bedouin politician and lawyer.	Taleb el-Sana	Arabic
languages spoken or written	The English version of Joseph Bau's memoir, Dear God, Have You Ever Gone Hungry?, first published in Hebrew and Polish, came out in June, 1998 and was published in several versions (in Chinese, among others).	Joseph Bau	Polish
languages spoken or written	Erich Kähler (German: (ˈkɛːlɐ); 16 January 1906, Leipzig -- 31 May 2000, Wedel) was a German mathematician with wide-ranging geometrical interests.	Erich Kähler	German
languages spoken or written	Britt Karin Larsen (born 16 April 1945) is a Norwegian poet, author and government scholar.	Britt Karin Larsen	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Alfred Henke (1 March 1868 -- 24 February 1946) was a German politician, serving as a member of a number of national and regional parliaments during the early 20th century.	Alfred Henke	German
languages spoken or written	Jean-Pierre Clément (2 June 1809 -- 8 November 1870; known as Pierre Clément) was a French political economist and historian, born at Draguignan.	Jean-Pierre Clément	French
languages spoken or written	Eduardo Marquina (January 21, 1879 -- November 21, 1946) was a Spanish playwright and poet associated with the Catalan Modernist school.	Eduardo Marquina	Spanish	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Kashiram Das (কাশীরাম দাস, born 16th century) is an important poet in medieval Bengali literature.	Kashiram Das	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Jean Cardot (July 20, 1930 - ) is a French sculptor, born in Saint-Etienne, France.	Jean Cardot	French
languages spoken or written	Sir George Strickland, 7th Baronet (26 May 1782 -- 23 December 1874), also known as Sir George Cholmley was an English Member of Parliament and lawyer.	Sir George Strickland, 7th Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	Christoph Lode (born January 11, 1977 in Kaiserslautern) is a German novelist.	Christoph Lode	German
languages spoken or written	Jean-Baptiste-Claude Delisle de Sales or Jean-Baptiste Isoard de Lisle (29 April 1741 -- 22 September 1816) was a French philosopher noted for his multi-edition, multi-volume opus The Philosophy of Nature:	Jean-Baptiste-Claude Delisle de Sales	French
languages spoken or written	Jean-Baptiste Louis Frédéric de La Rochefoucauld de Roye (August 17, 1707 -- September 16, 1746) was made duc d'Anville by King Louis XV of France and pursued a military career in the French galley corps.	Jean-Baptiste Louis Frédéric de La Rochefoucauld de Roye	French
languages spoken or written	Wilhelm Wieben (born June 2, 1935) is a German journalist, actor and author.	Wilhelm Wieben	German
languages spoken or written	Hans Kollhoff (b. Bad Lobenstein, Thuringia, 18 September 1946) is a German architect and professor.	Hans Kollhoff	German
languages spoken or written	Miguel Ángel Nadal Homar (Spanish pronunciation: (miˈɣel ˈaŋxel naˈðal oˈmar); born 28 July 1966) is a Spanish retired footballer.	Miguel Ángel Nadal	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Alessandro Vezzosi is an Italian art critic, Leonardo scholar, artist, expert on interdisciplinary studies and creative museology, he is also the author of hundreds of exhibits, publications and conferences, in Italy and abroad (from the United States to Japan) on Leonardo da Vinci and the Renaissance, contemporary art and design.	Alessandro Vezzosi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Rachel Tzvia Back is an English-language Israeli poet, translator and literary researcher.	Rachel Tzvia Back	English
languages spoken or written	Francis William Newman (27 June 1805 -- 4 October 1897), the younger brother of Cardinal Newman, was an English scholar and miscellaneous writer.	Francis William Newman	English
languages spoken or written	Alan Davis (born 1956) is an English writer and artist of comic books, known for his work on titles such as Captain Britain, The Uncanny X-Men, ClanDestine, Excalibur, JLA:	Alan Davis	English
languages spoken or written	Jana Bobošíková (born on 29 August 1964 in Prague) is a Czech politician and former Member of the European Parliament and was Non-Inscrit in the European Parliament.	Jana Bobošíková	Czech
languages spoken or written	Jean-Louis Dumas (2 February 1938 -- 1 May 2010) was a French businessman who served as the chairman of the Hermès group from 1978 until 2006.	Jean-Louis Dumas	French
languages spoken or written	Baroness Suzanne Lilar (née Suzanne Verbist; 21 May 1901 -- 12 December 1992) was a Flemish Belgian essayist, novelist, and playwright writing in French.	Suzanne Lilar	French
languages spoken or written	Deborah Bull, CBE (born 22 March 1963) is an English dancer, writer, and broadcaster and former creative director of the Royal Opera House.	Deborah Bull	English
languages spoken or written	As a young child, Isabelle Leymarie developed a passion for African-American music (and also Broadway tunes and the French, Spanish and Russian composers of the late 19th and early 20th century).	Isabelle Leymarie	French
languages spoken or written	Vítězslav Nezval (Czech: (ˈviːcɛslaf ˈnɛzval); 26 May 1900 -- 6 April 1958) was one of the most prolific avant-garde Czech writers in the first half of the twentieth century and a co-founder of the Surrealist movement in Czechoslovakia.	Vítězslav Nezval	Czech
languages spoken or written	Arne Einar Christiansen (20 July 1861 -- 25 September 1939) was a Danish journalist, critic and titular professor.	Einar Christiansen	Danish
languages spoken or written	Rolf-Dieter Müller (born 9 December 1948) is a German military historian and political scientist, who has served as Scientific Director of the German Armed Forces Military History Research Office since 1999.	Rolf-Dieter Müller	German
languages spoken or written	Miguel Farré Mallofré (Catalan spelling Miquel Farré i Mallofré), born Terrassa, Barcelona, 23 February 1936, is a Spanish pianist and music professor.	Miguel Farré Mallofré	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Anton Friedrich Büsching (27 September 1724 -- 28 May 1793) was a German geographer, historian, educator and theologian.	Anton Friedrich Büsching	German
languages spoken or written	Germano Almeida (Portuguese pronunciation: (ʒɨɾˈmɐnu alˈmejdɐ); born 1945) is a Cape Verdean author and lawyer.	Germano Almeida	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	William Wollaston (/ˈwʊləstən/; 26 March 1659 -- 29 October 1724) was school teacher, a Church of England priest, a scholar of Latin, Greek and Hebrew, a theologian, and a major Enlightenment era English philosopher.	William Wollaston	English
languages spoken or written	Karen Jeppe (1876--1935) was a Danish missionary and social worker, known for her work aid worker with Ottoman Armenian refugees and survivals of the Armenian Genocide, mainly widows and orphans, from 1903 until her death in Syria in 1935.	Karen Jeppe	Danish
languages spoken or written	Gecko Turner (born Fernando Gabriel Echave Pelaez, 1966) is a Spanish musician and singer-songwriter.	Gecko Turner	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Habib Boularès (Arabic: الحبيب بولعراس‎) (29 July 1933 -- 18 April 2014) was a Tunisian diplomat and politician.	Habib Boularès	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Salvatore Quasimodo (Italian: (salvaˈtoːre kwaˈziːmodo); August 20, 1901 -- June 14, 1968) was an Italian author and poet.	Salvatore Quasimodo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Joel Hasse Ferreira (also known as The Stalker) (born July 13, 1944 in Lisbon) is a Portuguese politician and a Member of the European Parliament.	Joel Hasse Ferreira	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Gianni Versace (Italian pronunciation: (ˈdʒanni verˈsaːtʃe), born Giovanni Maria Versace; 2 December 1946 -- 15 July 1997) was an Italian fashion designer and founder of Versace, an international fashion house, which produces accessories, fragrances, make-up and home furnishings as well as clothes.	Gianni Versace	Italian
languages spoken or written	Rudolf Bernhard or Rudolf Bernhard Conrath (26 March 1901 -- 21 October 1962) was a Swiss comedian, radio personality, and stage and film actor starring usually in Swiss German language cinema and television and stage productions.	Rudolf Bernhard	German
languages spoken or written	Rudolf Bergander (22 May 1909, Meißen -- 10 April 1970, Dresden) was a German painter and principal of the Dresden Academy of Fine Arts from 1952--1958 and 1964-65.	Rudolf Bergander	German
languages spoken or written	Claude Chevalley (French: (ʃəvalɛ); 11 February 1909 -- 28 June 1984) was a French mathematician who made important contributions to number theory, algebraic geometry, class field theory, finite group theory, and the theory of algebraic groups.	Claude Chevalley	French
languages spoken or written	According to Priscillian, apostles, prophets, and ``doctors'' (Latin for ``teachers'') are the divinely appointed orders of the Church, preeminence being due the doctors, among whom Priscillian reckoned himself.	Priscillian	Latin
languages spoken or written	Steffen Popp (born in Greifswald, 18 July 1978) is a German poet, novelist and literary translator.	Steffen Popp	German
languages spoken or written	Claude Dubar (11 December 1945 -- 29 September 2015) was a French sociologist.	Claude Dubar	French
languages spoken or written	Marco Zoppo (1433--February 19, 1498) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active mainly in Bologna.	Marco Zoppo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Çetin Doğan (born 15 May 1940, Maçka) is a retired Turkish general.	Çetin Doğan	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Joseph Achille Le Bel (21 January 1847 in Pechelbronn -- 6 August 1930, in Paris, France) was a French chemist.	Joseph Achille Le Bel	French
languages spoken or written	Fran Saleški Finžgar (February 9, 1871 -- June 2, 1962) was perhaps the most popular Slovene folk writer.	Fran Saleški Finžgar	Slovene
languages spoken or written	Luigi Capello (14 April 1859 -- 25 June 1941) was an Italian army officer.	Luigi Capello	Italian
languages spoken or written	Elena Salgado Méndez (Spanish pronunciation: (eˈlena salˈɣaðo ˈmendeθ)) (born 12 May 1949 in Ourense, Galicia, Spain) is a Spanish politician.	Elena Salgado	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Johannes Müller von Königsberg (6 June 1436 -- 6 July 1476), today best known by the Latin epithet Regiomontanus, was a German mathematician, astronomer, astrologer, translator, instrument maker and Catholic bishop.	Regiomontanus	Latin
languages spoken or written	Sevtap Baycılı is a Dutch writer of Turkish extraction.	Sevtap Baycılı	Dutch
languages spoken or written	Jutta Burggraf (1952 Hildesheim, Germany-- 5 November 2010 Pamplona, Spain) was a German Catholic theologian.	Jutta Burggraf	German
languages spoken or written	Giuseppe Valadier (April 14, 1762-- February 1, 1839) was an Italian architect and designer, urban planner and archeologist, a chief exponent of Neoclassicism in Italy.	Giuseppe Valadier	Italian
languages spoken or written	Francis Bacon, 1st Viscount St Alban PC KC (/ˈbeɪkən/; 22 January 1561 -- 9 April 1626) was an English philosopher, statesman, scientist, jurist, orator, and author.	Francis Bacon	English
languages spoken or written	Stéphane Laurent is a French historian born in Rueil-Malmaison, near Paris, France, in 1966.	Stéphane Laurent	French
languages spoken or written	André Chapelon (26 October 1892 -- 22 July 1978) was a noted French mechanical engineer and designer of advanced steam locomotives.	André Chapelon	French
languages spoken or written	Aranmula Ponnamma (8 April 1914 -- 21 February 2011) was a National Award winning Malayalam film actress known for her roles as mother of the protagonist in numerous films.	Aranmula Ponnamma	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Francesco Maria Zanotti Cavazzoni (Bologna, January 6, 1692 -- Bologna, 25 December 1777) was an Italian philosopher and writer.	Francesco Maria Zanotti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Helen Zahavi (born 1966) is an English novelist and screenwriter born and educated in London.	Helen Zahavi	English
languages spoken or written	Wolfgang Flür (born 17 July 1947) is a German musician, best known as a member of the electronic group Kraftwerk from 1973 to 1987, playing electronic percussion.	Wolfgang Flür	German
languages spoken or written	Sir Jack Westrup (26 July 1904 -- 21 April 1975) was an English musicologist, writer, teacher and occasional conductor and composer.	Jack Westrup	English
languages spoken or written	Joaquín Blake y Joyes (Vélez-Málaga, 19 August 1759 -- 27 April 1827) was a Spanish military officer who served with distinction in the French Revolutionary and Peninsular wars.	Joaquín Blake	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Günter Benser (born 12 January 1931) is a German Marxist historian.	Günter Benser	German
languages spoken or written	Arnaud Beauville (born 10 May 1947) is a French mathematician, whose research interest is algebraic geometry.	Arnaud Beauville	French
languages spoken or written	Christoph Peters (born 1966) is a German author of novels and short stories.	Christoph Peters	German
languages spoken or written	Ambrogio Calepino (Latin: Ambrosius Calepinus; c. 1440--1510), commonly known by the Latin form of his name, Calepinus, was an Italian lexicographer.	Ambrogio Calepino	Latin
languages spoken or written	Angie Westhoff (born 1965 in Munich) is a German writer of children's literature.	Angie Westhoff	German
languages spoken or written	Claude Pascal (born February 19, 1921 in Paris), is a French composer.	Claude Pascal	French
languages spoken or written	Sir Percy Henry Winfield (16 September 1878 - 7 July 1953) FBA was Rouse Ball Professor of English Law between 1928 and 1943.	Percy Henry Winfield	English
languages spoken or written	Patrick Branwell Brontë (/ˈbrɒnti/, commonly /ˈbrɒnteɪ/; 26 June 1817 -- 24 September 1848) was an English painter and writer.	Branwell Brontë	English
languages spoken or written	Isidro Nozal Vega (born 18 October 1977) is a former Spanish professional road racing cyclist.	Isidro Nozal	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Hugo Hermann Fürchtegott Treffner (17 July 1845 -- 13 March 1912) was the founder and first director of the Hugo Treffner Gymnasium in Tartu, and an important figure in the Estonian national awakening.	Hugo Treffner	Estonian
languages spoken or written	Wang Yangming (31 October 1472 -- 9 January 1529), courtesy name Bo'an, was a Chinese idealist Neo-Confucian philosopher, official, educationist, calligraphist and general during the Ming dynasty.	Wang Yangming	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Esteban Crespo (born June 10, 1971) is a Spanish film maker.	Esteban Crespo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Vanna Brosio (18 April 1943 -- 19 June 2010) was an Italian singer, television personality and journalist.	Vanna Brosio	Italian
languages spoken or written	Gustaf Nordenskiöld (29 June 1868 - June 6, 1895), Swedish scholar of Finnish-Swedish descent, a member of the Nordenskiöld family of scientists and the eldest son of polar explorer Baron Adolf Erik Nordenskiöld and his equally aristocratic wife, Anna Maria Mannerheim.	Gustaf Nordenskiöld	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Thomas Lodge (c.1558 -- September 1625) was an English physician and author during the Elizabethan and Jacobean periods.	Thomas Lodge	English
languages spoken or written	Marcel Foucault (1865 -- 1947) was a French philosopher and psychologist.	Marcel Foucault	French
languages spoken or written	Filip Shiroka (1859--1935) was a classical Rilindja (Albanian: Renaissance) poet whose verse was first to become known in later years.	Filip Shiroka	Albanian
languages spoken or written	Peter Lilienthal (born 27 November 1929) is a German film director, writer, actor and producer.	Peter Lilienthal	German
languages spoken or written	Cristanne Miller (born 1953) is Edward H. Butler Professor of English and Chair of the Department at the University at Buffalo in New York.	Cristanne Miller	English
languages spoken or written	Kang Young-sook (Hangul: 강영숙; born November 10, 1967) is a South Korean writer.	Kang Young-sook	Korean
languages spoken or written	Bernd-Rainer Barth (born Berlin 1957) is a German historian of the modern period.	Bernd-Rainer Barth	German
languages spoken or written	Jacques Hassoun (20 October 1936 -- 24 April 1999) was a French psychoanalyst and proponent of the ideas of Jacques Lacan.	Jacques Hassoun	French
languages spoken or written	Karl Friedrich Bahrdt (August 25, 1741 -- April 23, 1792), also spelled Carl Friedrich Bahrdt, was an unorthodox German biblical scholar, theologian, and polemicist.	Karl Friedrich Bahrdt	German
languages spoken or written	Peter W. Marx (born 1973 in Limburg an der Lahn) is a German Theatre and Performance Studies Scholar.	Peter W. Marx	German
languages spoken or written	Hans Jürgen von der Wense (10 November 1894 -- 9 November 1966) was a German poet, composer, photographer, aphorist and hiker.	Hans Jürgen von der Wense	German
languages spoken or written	José García Nieto (Oviedo, 6 July 1914 -- Madrid, 27 February 2001), was a Spanish poet and writer.	José García Nieto	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Thomas William Allies (12 February 1813 -- 17 June 1903) was an English historical writer specializing in religious subjects.	Thomas William Allies	English
languages spoken or written	Adriana Asti (born 30 April 1933, Milan) is an Italian theatre, film and voice actress.	Adriana Asti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Georg Philipp Harsdörffer (November 1, 1607 -- September 17, 1658) was a Baroque-period German poet and translator.	Georg Philipp Harsdörffer	German
languages spoken or written	Baroness Amélie Nothomb (born Fabienne-Claire; 9 July 1966 in Etterbeek, Belgium) is a Belgian writer who writes in French.	Amélie Nothomb	French
languages spoken or written	Noël Jourda de Vaux (12 March 1705 in Château des Vaux au Puy-en-Velay -- 14 September 1788 in Grenoble), comte de Vaux, seigneur d'Artiac was a French nobleman and General.	Noël Jourda de Vaux	French
languages spoken or written	Antoni Bou i Mena (Catalan pronunciation: (ənˈtɔni ˈβɔw)), also known as Toni Bou (born 17 October 1986 in Piera, in Catalonia, Spain), is a Spanish professional motorcycle trials rider.	Antoni Bou	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Johannes Ewald (18 November 1743 -- 17 March 1781) was a Danish national dramatist and poet.	Johannes Ewald	Danish
languages spoken or written	Anthony Berkeley Cox (5 July 1893 -- 9 March 1971) was an English crime writer.	Anthony Berkeley Cox	English
languages spoken or written	Joaquín Xaudaró y Echau (August 17, 1872 -- 1933) was a Spanish cartoonist, illustrator, and caricaturist.	Joaquín Xaudaró	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Pippo Franco (pseudonym of Francesco Pippo; born 2 September 1940) is an Italian actor, comedian, television presenter, and singer.	Pippo Franco	Italian
languages spoken or written	Francisco Saavedra de Sangronis (1746 -- 1819) was a Spanish government official and soldier whose work in Cuba during the American Revolutionary War laid the foundations for the defeat of British forces in Florida and at Yorktown.	Francisco Saavedra de Sangronis	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Bernardo Buontalenti (Italian pronunciation: (berˈnardo ˌbwɔntaˈlɛnti)), byname of Bernardo Delle Girandole (c. 1531 -- 25 or 26 June 1608), was an Italian stage designer, architect, theatrical designer, military engineer and artist.	Bernardo Buontalenti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Johann Carl Kaiserling (February 3, 1869 - August 20, 1942) was a German pathologist who was a native of Kassel-Wehlheiden.	Carl Kaiserling	German
languages spoken or written	Farhat Ishtiaq (Urdu: فرحت اشتیاق‎) (born June 23, 1980), is a Pakistani writer, author and screenwriter.	Farhat Ishtiaq	Urdu
languages spoken or written	Carsten Nicolai (born 1965), known as Alva Noto, is a German musician.	Alva Noto	German
languages spoken or written	Giovanni di Lorenzo (born March 9, 1959) is a German-Italian journalist.	Giovanni di Lorenzo	German
languages spoken or written	Antonino Paternò Castello, Marquis di San Giuliano (Catania, 9 December 1852 - Rome, 16 October 1914), was an Italian diplomat and Minister of Foreign Affairs.	Antonino Paternò Castello	Italian
languages spoken or written	Leopold Ullstein (6 September 1826 -- 4 December 1899) was the founder and publisher of several successful German newspapers, including B.Z. am Mittag and Berliner Morgenpost.	Leopold Ullstein	German
languages spoken or written	Xavier Vilalta (born May 8, 1980) is a Catalan Spanish architect and professor.	Xavier Vilalta	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Ernst Friedrich Apelt (3 March 1812, Reichenau, Saxony -- 27 October 1859, Oppelsdorf, Upper Lusatia, Saxony) was a German philosopher and entrepreneur.	Ernst Friedrich Apelt	German
languages spoken or written	Karol Adamiecki (18 March 1866 in Dąbrowa Górnicza -- 16 May 1933 in Warsaw, Poland) was a Polish economist, engineer and management researcher.	Karol Adamiecki	Polish
languages spoken or written	Maria Dąbrowska ((dɔmˈbrɔfska); 6 October 1889 -- 19 May 1965) was a Polish writer, novelist, essayist, journalist and playwright, author of the popular Polish historical novel Noce i dnie (Nights and Days) written between 1932 and 1934 in four separate volumes.	Maria Dąbrowska	Polish
languages spoken or written	Amlan Das Gupta is Professor of English, Jadavpur University, Kolkata.	Amlan Das Gupta	English
languages spoken or written	Gerardo Vera Perales (Miraflores de la Sierra, Madrid, 10 March 1947) is a Spanish costume and set designer, opera director, actor, film and theatre director.	Gerardo Vera	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Eduard Heyck (May 30, 1862 -- July 11, 1941) was a German cultural historian, editor, writer and poet.	Eduard Heyck	German
languages spoken or written	Elsa Pinilla Osuna (born October 2, 1985 in Madrid) is a Spanish singer-songwriter and actress.	Elsa Pinilla Osuna	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jógvan Isaksen (born 25 August 1950 in Tórshavn) is a Faroese writer and literary historian.	Jógvan Isaksen	Faroese
languages spoken or written	Léonce Vieljeux (12 April 1865, Les Vans, Ardèche, France - 12 September 1944, Struthof) was a colonel in the French reserve army, industrialist and mayor of La Rochelle.	Léonce Vieljeux	French
languages spoken or written	Franz Xaver Haberl (12 April 1840, Oberellenbach (today Mallersdorf-Pfaffenberg), Lower Bavaria -- 5 September 1910, Ratisbon) was a German musicologist, friend of Liszt, Perosi, and Singenberger, cleric, and student of Proske.	Franz Xaver Haberl	German
languages spoken or written	Louise Doughty (born 4 September 1963) is an English novelist, playwright and journalist from a Romani background.	Louise Doughty	English
languages spoken or written	Francisco Rodríguez Pascual (20 March 1927 -- 22 April 2007) was a Spanish humanist and anthropologist.	Francisco Rodríguez Pascual	Spanish
languages spoken or written	François Ravaillac (French pronunciation: ​(fʁɑ̃swa ʁavajak); 1578 -- 27 May 1610) was a French factotum in the courts of Angoulême and a regicide.	François Ravaillac	French
languages spoken or written	Gustav Glogau (6 June 1844, Laukischken (Kreis Labiau, Ostpreußen) - 22 March 1895, Laurion (Greece)) is a German philosopher of religion.	Gustav Glogau	German
languages spoken or written	Jan Chryzostom Pasek (about 1636--1701) was a Polish nobleman (szlachcic) and writer in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.	Jan Chryzostom Pasek	Polish
languages spoken or written	John Maxwell Edmonds (21 January 1875 -- 18 March 1958) was an English classicist, poet, and dramatist who is notable as the creator of celebrated epitaphs.	John Maxwell Edmonds	English
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Battista Casanova (Italian pronunciation: (dʒoˈvanni batˈtista kazaˈnɔːva); 2 November 1730 -- 8 December 1795) was an Italian painter and printmaker of the Neoclassic period.	Giovanni Battista Casanova	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jordi Carbonell i de Ballester (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈʒɔrði kərβuˈneʎ)) (born April 23, 1924, Barcelona) is a Spanish politician and philologist.	Jordi Carbonell	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Melissa Panarello (born 3 December 1985), alias Melissa P., is an Italian writer.	Melissa Panarello	Italian
languages spoken or written	Miguel Ángel Villar Pinto (A Coruña, December 29, 1977), is a Spanish writer, author of fairy tales, children's books, and novels.	Miguel Ángel Villar Pinto	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Aurora Bertrana y Salazar (29 October 1892 -- Berga, Barcelona, 3 September 1974) was a Catalan cellist and writer, notable for her exotic stories and novels.	Aurora Bertrana	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Philipp Nicolai (10 August 1556 -- 26 October 1608) was a German Lutheran pastor, poet, and composer.	Philipp Nicolai	German
languages spoken or written	Madhupal is an Indian film actor, director, and screenwriter known for his work in Malayalam cinema.	Madhupal	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	The Reverend A.A. Raymond Janin (31 August 1882 -- 12 July 1972) was a French Byzantinist.	Raymond Janin	French
languages spoken or written	Yang Jingyuan (simplified Chinese: 杨静远; traditional Chinese: 楊靜遠; pinyin: Yáng Jìngyuǎn; born February 1923) also known by her pen name Yuan Qing (Chinese: 苑青; pinyin: Yuàn Qīng).	Yang Jingyuan	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Carlos de Oliveira, GOSE (10 August 1921 -- 1 July 1981), was a Portuguese poet and novelist.	Carlos de Oliveira	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Erik Dammann (born 9 May 1931 in Oslo) is a Norwegian author, environmentalist and government scholar.	Erik Dammann	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Johann Christian Lobe (May 30, 1797 -- July 27, 1881) was a German composer and music theorist.	Johann Christian Lobe	German
languages spoken or written	Dr. Ulrich Maly (born 8 August 1960) is a German politician, member of the SPD who has served as the Mayor of Nuremberg since 2002.	Ulrich Maly	German
languages spoken or written	Paweł Huelle (b. 10 September 1957 in Gdańsk, Poland) is a Polish prose writer.	Paweł Huelle	Polish
languages spoken or written	Thomas Joplin (1790?--1847) was an English timber merchant and banker.	Thomas Joplin	English
languages spoken or written	Siegfried Jacobsohn (28 January 1881 -- 3 December 1926) was a German writer and influential theatre critic.	Siegfried Jacobsohn	German
languages spoken or written	Benjamin B. Bourdon (1860--1943) was a French psychologist born in Normandy on August 5th, 1860.	Benjamin B. Bourdon	French
languages spoken or written	Gustav Mayer (4 October 1871 - 21 February 1948) was a German journalist and historian with a particular focus on the Labour movement.	Gustav Mayer	German
languages spoken or written	Hadrianus Junius (1511--1575), also known as Adriaen de Jonghe, was a Dutch physician, classical scholar, translator, lexicographer, antiquarian, historiographer, emblematist, school rector, and Latin poet.	Hadrianus Junius	Latin
languages spoken or written	Aldo Brancher (born 30 May 1943; Trichiana, Veneto) is an Italian politician.	Aldo Brancher	Italian
languages spoken or written	Baltasar Lopes da Silva (Caleijão, São Nicolau, 23 April 1907 - Lisbon, Portugal, 28 May 1989) was a writer, poet and linguist from Cape Verde, who wrote in both Portuguese and Cape Verdean Creole.	Baltasar Lopes da Silva	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Victor Bockris (born 1949) is an English-born, U.S.-based author, primarily of biographies of artists, writers, and musicians.	Victor Bockris	English
languages spoken or written	Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair (Malayalam: തിക്കുറിശ്ശി സുകുമാരൻ നായർ; 16 October 1916 -- 11 March 1997) was a Nagercoilite born Malayali Indian poet, playwright, script writer, lyricist, orator, film director and actor, though he is best known as an actor in Malayalam cinema.	Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Poul Ruders (pronounced (pʰɔʊ̯l ˈʁuːdəʂ)) (born 27 March 1949 in Ringsted) is a Danish composer.	Poul Ruders	Danish
languages spoken or written	C. Lakshmi Rajyam or shortly Lakshmirajyam (Telugu: లక్ష్మీరాజ్యం; 1922--1987) was a South Indian film and drama actress and film producer in 1930s to 1970s.	C. Lakshmi Rajyam	Telugu
languages spoken or written	Donald Crisp (born George William Crisp, 27 July 1882 -- 25 May 1974) was an English-born, later United States-based film actor.	Donald Crisp	English
languages spoken or written	Pierre d'Hozier, seigneur de la Garde (July 10, 1592 -- December 1, 1660), was a French genealogist.	Pierre d'Hozier	French
languages spoken or written	Félix de Azúa (born 1944) is a Spanish professor of aesthetics and philosophy, poet, novelist, essayist and translator.	Félix de Azúa	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Christiane Baroche (born 20 Janvier 1935 Paris) is a French novelist, and short story writer.	Christiane Baroche	French
languages spoken or written	Anahit Sahinyan (Armenian: Անահիտ Սահինյան, June 20, 1917 - January 7, 2010, Yerevan) was an Armenian writer and translator.	Anahit Sahinyan	Armenian
languages spoken or written	Rudolf van den Berg (born 6. January 1949 in Rotterdam) is a Dutch writer and director.	Rudolf van den Berg	Dutch
languages spoken or written	Wu Ming (extended name: Wu Ming Foundation) is a pseudonym for a group of Italian authors formed in 2000 from a subset of the Luther Blissett community in Bologna.	Wu Ming	Italian
languages spoken or written	Birger Norman (1914 -- 1995) was a Swedish journalist, poet, novelist, playwright and non-fiction writer.	Birger Norman	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Tommaso Grossi (January 20, 1791 -- December 10, 1853) was an Italian poet and novelist.	Tommaso Grossi	Italian
languages spoken or written	The Hon. Richard Savage Nassau (1 June 1723 -- 17 May 1780) was an English Member of Parliament who served from 1747 to 1780, with a 20-year gap between 1754 and 1774.	Richard Savage Nassau	English
languages spoken or written	Françoise Choay (born 29 March 1925, Paris) is a French architectural and urban historian and theorist.	Françoise Choay	French
languages spoken or written	Jane Misme (1865--1935) was a French journalist and feminist.	Jane Misme	French
languages spoken or written	Clara Lago Grau (born 6 March 1990 in Torrelodones, Madrid, Spain) is a Spanish actress.	Clara Lago	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Manfred Gerlach (8 May 1928 -- 17 October 2011) was a German jurist and politician (LDPD).	Manfred Gerlach	German
languages spoken or written	Elisa Bloch (1848, Breslau, Silesia - 1904 or 1905) was a Silesian-French sculptor.	Elisa Bloch	French
languages spoken or written	T. P. Gajendran is a Tamil film director and actor who plays minor roles.	T. P. Gajendran	Tamil
languages spoken or written	David Ellwand (born 1966) is an English photographer, illustrator, and author.	David Ellwand	English
languages spoken or written	Heide Göttner-Abendroth (born February 8, 1941 in Langewiesen, Germany) is a German feminist advocating Matriarchy Studies (also Modern Matriarchal Studies), focusing on the study of matriarchal or matrilineal societies.	Heide Göttner-Abendroth	German
languages spoken or written	Jacques Feldbau was a French mathematician, born on 22 October 1914 in Strasbourg, of an Alsatian Jewish traditionalist family.	Jacques Feldbau	French
languages spoken or written	Richard Edwardes (also Edwards, 25 March 1525 -- 31 October 1566) was an English poet, playwright, and composer; he was made a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal, and was master of the singing boys.	Richard Edwardes	English
languages spoken or written	Guo Songtao (simplified Chinese: 郭嵩焘; traditional Chinese: 郭嵩燾, also written 郭崧濤; pinyin: Guō Sōngtāo; Wade--Giles: Kuo Sung-t’ao; 11 April 1818 -- 18 July 1891) was a Chinese diplomat and statesman during the Qing dynasty.	Guo Songtao	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Sir Jeremy Stuart-Smith (born 1955) is an English judge.	Jeremy Stuart-Smith	English
languages spoken or written	Jean Charbonneau (1875-October 25, 1960) was a French-Canadian poet who was the main founder of the Montreal Literary School.	Jean Charbonneau	French
languages spoken or written	Michèle Vergne (born August 29, 1943 in L’Isle-Adam, Val d´Oise) is a French mathematician, specializing in analysis and representation theory.	Michèle Vergne	French
languages spoken or written	Jens Søndergaard (October 4, 1895 -- May 21, 1957) was a Danish expressionist painter.	Jens Søndergaard	Danish
languages spoken or written	Guy Roux (French pronunciation: ​(ɡi ʁu); born October 18, 1938 in Colmar) is a former French football player and manager known for being in charge of French side AJ Auxerre for the remarkable period of more than forty years and for leading the once humble amateur team to national and worldwide prominence.	Guy Roux	French
languages spoken or written	Rosario Romeo (11 October 1924 - 16 March 1987) was a leading historian of the Italian Risorgimento and of Italian modern history more generally.	Rosario Romeo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Justus Olshausen (9 May 1800, Hohenfelde -- 28 December 1882) was a German orientalist who made contributions to Semitic and Iranian philology.	Justus Olshausen	German
languages spoken or written	Vasile Conta (November 15, 1845 -- April 21, 1882) was a Romanian philosopher, poet, and politician.	Vasile Conta	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Michael J. Bird (31 October 1928, London -- 11 May 2001, Great Shelford, Cambridgeshire) was an English writer.	Michael J. Bird	English
languages spoken or written	Kim Seong-su (김성수, 金性洙; October 11, 1891 -- February 18, 1955) was a Korean educator, independence activist, journalist, entrepreneur, politician and calligrapher, the second Vice President of South Korea serving 1951--1952.	Kim Seong-su	Korean
languages spoken or written	Rüdiger Bubner (9 May 1941, Lüdenscheid -- 9 February 2007, Heidelberg) was a German philosopher.	Rüdiger Bubner	German
languages spoken or written	David Alderton is an English writer specialising in pets and natural history topics.	David Alderton	English
languages spoken or written	Karl Edvin Öhrström (August 22, 1906 in Burlöv -- December 2, 1994) was a Swedish sculptor and glass artist.	Edvin Öhrström	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Arnold Weinstock, Baron Weinstock (29 July 1924 -- 23 July 2002) was an English businessman.	Arnold Weinstock	English
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Pontano (1426--1503), later known as Giovanni Gioviano or Latin:	Giovanni Pontano	Latin
languages spoken or written	Jacques Puisais (born in Poitiers en 1927) is a French oenologist and taste philosopher.	Jacques Puisais	French
languages spoken or written	Hans Neuenfels (born 31 May 1941, Krefeld) is a German writer, poet, film producer, librettist, theatre director and opera director.	Hans Neuenfels	German
languages spoken or written	Clare Chambers was born on 1966 in Croydon, Surrey, England, UK, daughter of English teachers.	Clare Chambers	English
languages spoken or written	The Blessed Thomas Aufield (1552 -- 6 July 1585), also called Thomas Alfield, was an English Roman Catholic martyr.	Thomas Aufield	English
languages spoken or written	Hayley Long (born 1971) is an English author best known for her teen fiction.	Hayley Long	English
languages spoken or written	Alvis Hermanis (born 27 April 1965 in Riga) is a Latvian actor, dramatist, theatre director and set designer.	Alvis Hermanis	Latvian
languages spoken or written	Wilhelm Hünermann (28 July 1900, Kempen, Germany -- 28 November 1975) was a German priest and writer, best known for his novelized biographies of Roman Catholic saints.	Wilhelm Hünermann	German
languages spoken or written	Manfred Wekwerth (né Weckwerth; 3 December 1929 -- 16 July 2014) was a German theatre and film director and writer.	Manfred Wekwerth	German
languages spoken or written	Agostino Scilla (August 10, 1629 -- May 31, 1700) was an Italian painter, paleontologist, geologist, and pioneer in the study of fossils.	Agostino Scilla	Italian
languages spoken or written	Franz Joseph Dölger (October 18, 1879 -- October 17, 1940) was a German Catholic theologian and church historian born in Sulzbach am Main.	Franz Joseph Dölger	German
languages spoken or written	Sir Robert Naunton (1563 -- 27 March 1635) was an English writer and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1606 and 1626.	Robert Naunton	English
languages spoken or written	Jesús Caldera Sánchez-Capitán (Béjar, Salamanca, October 31, 1957) is a Spanish socialist politician.	Jesús Caldera	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Benjamin Mazar (Hebrew: בנימין מזר‎; born Binyamin Zeev Maisler, June 28, 1906 -- September 9, 1995) was a pioneering Israeli historian, recognized as the ``dean'' of biblical archaeologists.	Benjamin Mazar	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Admiral Patricio Montojo y Pasarón (September 7, 1839 -- September 30, 1917) was a career Spanish naval officer most known for his defeat at the Battle of Manila Bay (May 1, 1898) by Admiral George Dewey, a decisive battle of the Spanish--	Patricio Montojo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Bernardo Davanzati (1529 -- 1606) was an Italian agronomist, economist and translator.	Bernardo Davanzati	Italian
languages spoken or written	Đào Duy Anh (25 April 1904 -- 1 April 1988) was a Vietnamese historian and lexicographer.	Đào Duy Anh	Vietnamese
languages spoken or written	Thomas Hill Green (7 April 1836 -- 15 March 1882) was an English philosopher, political radical and temperance reformer, and a member of the British idealism movement.	Thomas Hill Green	English
languages spoken or written	Shōtetsu (正徹, 1381-1459 CE) was a Japanese poet during the Muromachi period, and is considered to have been the last poet in the courtly waka tradition; a number of his disciples were important in the development of the renga art form, which led to the haiku.	Shōtetsu	Japanese
languages spoken or written	Luis Mayans y Enríquez de Navarra (22 July 1805 in Requena, Valencia -- 14 September 1880 in Madrid) was a Spanish noble and politician who served as Minister of State in 1854 and President of the Congress of Deputies between 1848 and 1850.	Luis Mayans y Enríquez de Navarra	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Alexander George Sutherland (March 25, 1862 -- July 18, 1942) was an English-born U.S. jurist and political figure.	George Sutherland	English
languages spoken or written	Juhan Viiding (1 June 1948 -- 21 February 1995), also known under the pseudonym of Jüri Üdi was an Estonian poet and actor.	Juhan Viiding	Estonian
languages spoken or written	Teresa Forcades i Vila, O.S.B. (Catalan pronunciation: (t(ə)ˈɾɛzə fuɾˈkaðəs); born 1966), is a Catalan physician and a Benedictine nun.	Teresa Forcades	Catalan
languages spoken or written	David Etxebarria Alkorta (23 July 1973, Abadiño, Basque Country) is a Spanish professional road racing cyclist.	David Etxebarria	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Béni Egressy (born Galambos Benjámin, 21 April 1814 - died in Sajókazinc, 17 July 1851) was a Hungarian composer, librettist, translator and actor.	Béni Egressy	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Louis Cousin, le président Cousin (French pronunciation: ​(lwi kuzɛ̃); 21 August 1627 -- 26 February 1707) was a French translator, historian, lawyer, royal censor and president of the cour des monnaies.	Louis Cousin	French
languages spoken or written	Henri Colpi (15 July 1921 -- 14 January 2006) was a French film editor and film director.	Henri Colpi	French
languages spoken or written	Lorenzo Magnani (born 1952), is an Italian philosopher who teaches philosophy of science in the Department of Humanities, Philosophy Section, at the University of Pavia, where he is full professor and directs the Computational Philosophy Laboratory.	Lorenzo Magnani	Italian
languages spoken or written	Juan Lembeye (Ferrol, 1816 -- Culleredo, 1889) was a Spanish naturalist.	Juan Lembeye	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Yahya Kemal Beyatlı, born Ahmet Âgâh (December 2, 1884 -- November 1, 1958), was a leading Turkish poet and author, as well as a politician and diplomat.	Yahya Kemal Beyatlı	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Sir John Mordaunt, 9th Baronet (24 August 1808 -- 27 September 1845) was an English politician.	Sir John Mordaunt, 9th Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	André Jardin (1912 -- 1996) was a French biographer and historian, best known for his studies of Alexis de Tocqueville and 19th century French history.	André Jardin	French
languages spoken or written	Cao Cao (Chinese: 曹操; 155 -- 15 March 220), courtesy name Mengde, was a warlord and the penultimate Chancellor of the Eastern Han dynasty who rose to great power in the final years of the dynasty.	Cao Cao	Chinese
languages spoken or written	André Maugars (c. 1580 -- c. 1645) was a French viol player.	André Maugars	French
languages spoken or written	Sir Thomas Lyttelton, 4th Baronet (1686 -- 14 September 1751) was an English landowner and politician from the Lyttelton family.	Sir Thomas Lyttelton, 4th Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	Maurice Zermatten (October 22, 1910 in Saint-Martin, Valais -- February 11, 2001 in Sion) was a French-speaking Swiss writer.	Maurice Zermatten	French
languages spoken or written	Herbert Ernest Bates, CBE (16 May 1905 --29 January 1974), better known as H. E. Bates, was an English writer and author.	H. E. Bates	English
languages spoken or written	Salvador María Granés (1840--1911) was a Spanish journalist and author of comic theatre, including many parodies of the serious theatrical genres of the late nineteenth century.	Salvador María Granés	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Prapanchan (Tamil: பிரபஞ்சன்), is the pseudonym of S. Vaidyalingam (Tamil: சாரங்கபாணி வைத்தியலிங்கம், b. 27 April 1945) a Tamil, writer and critic from Pondicherry, India.	Prapanchan	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Heinz A. Richter (born 1939) is a German historian, known for his work on the history of World War II in the Balkans, the history of modern Greece and the modern history of Cyprus.	Heinz A. Richter	German
languages spoken or written	Yehuda Amichai (Hebrew: יהודה עמיחי‎; ‎3 May 1924 -- 22 September 2000) was an Israeli poet.	Yehuda Amichai	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Michel Le Tellier, marquis de Barbezieux, seigneur de Chaville et de Viroflay (19 April 1603 -- 30 October 1685) was a French statesman.	Michel Le Tellier	French
languages spoken or written	Juan Bautista Diamante (?29 August 1625? -- 2 November 1687), minor Spanish dramatist of the school of Calderón, was the son of a Portuguese mother and a Sicilian merchant of Greek parentage who came to Madrid some time before 1631.	Juan Bautista Diamante	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jean-Paul Alata (17 August 1924 - September 1978) was a Frenchman who was a political prisoner in Camp Boiro, Guinea from January 1971 to July 1975, later writing a book about his experience which was banned by the French government.	Jean-Paul Alata	French
languages spoken or written	Louis Dumont (1911 -- 19 November 1998) was a French anthropologist.	Louis Dumont	French
languages spoken or written	Valerio Zurlini (19 March 1926 -- 27 October 1982) was an Italian film director, stage director and screenwriter.	Valerio Zurlini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Zahi Hawass (Arabic: زاهي حواس‎; born May 28, 1947) is an Egyptian archaeologist, an Egyptologist, and former Minister of State for Antiquities Affairs.	Zahi Hawass	Arabic
licensed to broadcast to	KTBL (1050 kHz) is a commercial AM radio station licensed to the village of Los Ranchos de Albuquerque, New Mexico, and serves the Albuquerque metropolitan area.	KTBL	Los Ranchos de Albuquerque, New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Princess Royal University Hospital or PRUH is a large acute district general hospital situated in Locksbottom, near Farnborough, in the London Borough of Bromley.	Princess Royal University Hospital	London Borough of Bromley
manufacturer	CorvetteForum is an auto enthusiast website for owners and fans of the Chevrolet Corvette sports car.	CorvetteForum	Chevrolet
manufacturer	The HTC Sensation is a smartphone designed and manufactured by HTC Corporation that runs the Android 2.3 Gingerbread software stock.	HTC Sensation	HTC Corporation
manufacturer	USS Chandeleur (AV-10), a seaplane tender, was launched on 29 November 1941 by Western Pipe and Steel Company, San Francisco, California, under a Maritime Commission contract; transferred to the U.S. Navy 19 November 1942; and commissioned the same day, Captain William Sinton in command.	USS Chandeleur (AV-10)	Western Pipe and Steel Company
manufacturer	The Volvo B9TL is a low-floor double-decker bus built by Volvo Buses since 2002.	Volvo B9TL	Volvo Buses
manufacturer	The DS 4 is a compact car and it is the second model in the new premium (luxury vehicle) DS sub-brand created by Citroën to run alongside its mainstream cars.	DS 4	Citroën
manufacturer	TruePic is the name Olympus has given its image processing engine.	TruePic	Olympus
manufacturer	The DS 3 is a supermini, produced by the French manufacturer Citroën since 2009 and officially launched in January 2010.	DS 3	Citroën
manufacturer	The RL10 was the first liquid hydrogen rocket engine to be built in the United States, and development of the engine by Marshall Space Flight Center and Pratt & Whitney began in the 1950s, with the first flight occurring in 1961.	RL10	Pratt & Whitney
manufacturer	The Boeing 757 is a mid-size, narrow-body twin-engine jet airliner that was designed and built by Boeing Commercial Airplanes.	Boeing 757	Boeing Commercial Airplanes
manufacturer	The Zastava M12 Black Spear is a 12.7mm or .50 caliber anti-materiel rifle developed by Zastava Arms of Serbia	Zastava M12 Black Spear	Zastava Arms
manufacturer	The 1941 M4 Vacamatic transmission by Chrysler was, historically, the first semi-automatic transmission which was marketed by a major manufacturer.	Vacamatic	Chrysler
manufacturer	The Remington Model 878, also known as the Automaster, is a semi-automatic shotgun manufactured by Remington Arms in the mid 20th century.	Remington Model 878	Remington Arms
manufacturer	The Wolseley 24/80 is an automobile which was produced by British Motor Corporation (Australia) from 1962 to 1965.	Wolseley 24/80	British Motor Corporation
manufacturer	INS Kadmatt (P29) is the second of four anti-submarine warfare corvettes built for the Indian Navy by the Garden Reach Shipbuilders and Engineers of Kolkata under Project 28.	INS Kadmatt (P29)	Garden Reach Shipbuilders and Engineers
manufacturer	Sakb is an armoured command vehicle designed and manufactured in Pakistan by APC Factory of Heavy Industries Taxila (HIT).	Sakb	Heavy Industries Taxila
manufacturer	The UE ROLL is an ultra-portable speaker manufactured by Ultimate Ears, supporting Bluetooth and wired connections.	UE ROLL	Ultimate Ears
manufacturer	Karhu is a Finnish beer brand owned by the Sinebrychoff brewery, part of the Carlsberg Group.	Karhu	Sinebrychoff
manufacturer	The most frequently stated figures are 9,110 (3,901 BA-64 and 5,209 BA-64B) vehicles which were built in the GAZ automobile plant, although a memorial plaque near the pictured Nizhny Novgorod car states 9,063 cars.	BA-64	GAZ
manufacturer	SS Bovic was a steamship built by Harland and Wolff in Belfast for the White Star Line.	SS Bovic	Harland and Wolff
manufacturer	Translohr is the name of a rubber-tired tramway (or guided bus) system originally developed by Lohr Industrie of France and now by a consortium of Alstom and Fonds Stratégique d'Investissement (FSI) as newTL (taking over from Lohr in 2012).	Translohr	Alstom
manufacturer	The RiscPC (stylised with a half-space as Risc PC, also referred to as Risc PC and codenamed Medusa) was Acorn Computers's next generation RISC OS/Acorn RISC Machine computer, launched on 15 April 1994, which superseded the Acorn Archimedes.	RiscPC	Acorn Computers
manufacturer	The BSA A7 was a motorcycle made by Birmingham Small Arms Company (BSA) at their factory in Armoury Road, Small Heath, Birmingham in 1946.	BSA A7	Birmingham Small Arms Company
manufacturer	SS Al-Abbas was the first major ship to be built at the Karachi Shipyard in 1967.	SS Al-Abbas	Karachi Shipyard
manufacturer	Agni-VI is an intercontinental ballistic missile being developed by the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) for the use of the Indian Armed Forces.	Agni-VI	Defence Research and Development Organisation
manufacturer	German submarine U-173 was a Type IXC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. She was laid down at the DeSchiMAG AG Weser yard in Bremen as yard number 1013, launched on 11 August 1941 and commissioned on 15 November with Fregattenkapitän Heinz-Ehler Beuke in command.	German submarine U-173	AG Weser
manufacturer	The FM-8 (Fujitsu Micro 8) was a personal computer developed and manufactured by Fujitsu in May 1981.	FM-8	Fujitsu
manufacturer	Design started in the late 1970s at the Molniya design bureau in Ukraine on what would be their only air-to-ground munition, but when they moved exclusively to space work Vympel took over development of the Kh-29.	Kh-29	Vympel
manufacturer	The Asia Rocsta is a four-wheel drive off-road vehicle built by Asia Motors Corporation in South Korea.	Asia Rocsta	Asia Motors
manufacturer	The Nexus S is a smartphone co-developed by Google and Samsung and manufactured by Samsung Electronics for release in 2010.	Nexus S	Samsung
manufacturer	Small Smart Weapon or Scorpion missile is a new generation small American missile manufactured by Lockheed Martin.	Small Smart Weapon	Lockheed Martin
manufacturer	The MP-444 ``Bagira'' pistol is a modern pistol designed in Russia at the Izhevsk Mechanical Plant (IMZ); it was built to replace the Makarov pistols.	MP-444	Izhevsk Mechanical Plant
manufacturer	Singha (Thai: สิงห์; rtgs: Sing) is a 5% abv pale lager produced by Boon Rawd Brewery.	Singha	Boon Rawd Brewery
manufacturer	In 1955, the BMW Isetta became the world's first mass-production car to achieve a fuel consumption of 3 L/100 km (94 mpg-imp; 78 mpg-US).	Isetta	BMW
member of sports team	Brady Hjelle (born May 3, 1990) is an American professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the Stjernen Hockey of the Norwegian GET-ligaen.	Brady Hjelle	Stjernen Hockey
member of sports team	Joseph Shikokoti (born 8 August 1985) is an Kenyan footballer who plays for A.F.C. Leopards in the Kenyan Premier League and the Kenya national team as a centre back.	Joseph Shikokoti	A.F.C. Leopards
member of sports team	David Rhys-Jones (born 16 June 1962) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Carlton Football Club and the Sydney Swans in the VFL/AFL.	David Rhys-Jones	Carlton Football Club
member of sports team	Born and raised in Niendorf, Hamburg on 2 August 1968, Stefan Effenberg started his professional career with Borussia Mönchengladbach, being an undisputed first-choice by age 20.	Stefan Effenberg	Borussia Mönchengladbach
member of sports team	Patrick Pendanx (born 16 May 1975) is a footballer currently playing for Championnat de France amateur 2 side Stade Montois as a midfielder.	Patrick Pendanx	Stade Montois
member of sports team	Dalier Hinojosa Hernández (dahl-yair' / eeno-hoe'-sah) (born February 10, 1986) is a Cuban professional baseball pitcher for the Philadelphia Phillies of Major League Baseball (MLB).	Dalier Hinojosa	Philadelphia Phillies
member of sports team	Jonathan Joan España Santiago (born 13 November 1988) is a Venezuelan professional football player, who plays for Atlético Venezuela as a Defender.	Jonathan Joan España Santiago	Atlético Venezuela
member of sports team	Luciano Amaral da Silva Alves (born 20 October 1982), known as Amaral, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Veranópolis Esporte Clube Recreativo e Cultural as a left back.	Luciano Amaral	Veranópolis Esporte Clube Recreativo e Cultural
member of sports team	Sami Allagui (born 28 May 1986) is a Tunisian football striker who plays for Hertha BSC and the Tunisia national team.	Sami Allagui	Hertha BSC
member of sports team	Július Hudáček (born 9 August 1988) is a Slovak ice hockey goaltender currently playing for Örebro HK in Elitserien.	Július Hudáček	Örebro HK
member of sports team	Dara Mohammed Habib (Arabic: دارا محمد حبيب ‎) (born June 25, 1987 in Kirkuk, Iraq) is an Iraqi football player of Kurdish ethnicity, who plays for Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya football club in Iraq.	Dara Mohammed	Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya
member of sports team	Paul Sterling (born 2 August 1964 in Wolverhampton) is an English born rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s, playing at representative level for England, and Wales, and at club level for Hull, Leeds Rhinos, and Hunslet Hawks as a Wing.	Paul Sterling	Leeds Rhinos	Hunslet Hawks
member of sports team	Róbert Szegedi (born 26 May 1985 is a Slovak football player of Hungarian ethnic origin who currently plays for Slovak 3. liga club ŠKF Sereď.	Róbert Szegedi	ŠKF Sereď
member of sports team	Zack Nash (born September 23, 1989) is an American football linebacker who last played for the Arizona Cardinals of the National Football League (NFL).	Zack Nash	Arizona Cardinals
member of sports team	Steven Curfman (born October 8, 1986 in Manassas, Virginia) is an American soccer player who currently plays for USASA amateur team CASL Elite.	Steven Curfman	CASL Elite
member of sports team	Iván Cuéllar Sacristán (born 27 May 1984), nicknamed Pichu, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Sporting de Gijón as a goalkeeper.	Iván Cuéllar	Sporting de Gijón
member of sports team	Scott Morrow (born June 18, 1969 in Chicago, Illinois) is a retired American ice hockey player who played four games in the National Hockey League for the Calgary Flames in 1994--95.	Scott Morrow	Calgary Flames
member of sports team	Nicolás Berardo (born July 26, 1990 in San Basilio (Córdoba), Argentina) is an Argentine footballer who currently plays for Chilean Primera División club Unión Española.	Nicolás Berardo	Unión Española
member of sports team	Jean-Paul Ndeki (born 27 October 1982 in Cameroon) is a footballer who last plays for Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya.	Jean-Paul Ndeki	Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya
member of sports team	Âu Văn Hoàn (born 1 October 1989 in Nghe An) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Right back for V-League (Vietnam) Becamex Binh Duong F.C. and the Vietnam national team.	Âu Văn Hoàn	Becamex Binh Duong F.C.
member of sports team	Ole Johan Singsdal (born 8 May 1979) is a Norwegian football (soccer) attacking midfielder, who plays for KIL/Hemne, the club where he started his career.	Ole Johan Singsdal	KIL/Hemne
member of sports team	Aschraf El Mahdioui (born 24 May 1996) is a Dutch-Moroccan professional football player who plays for Jong Ajax as a midfielder.	Aschraf El Mahdioui	Jong Ajax
member of sports team	Abdul Hadi Yahya (born 6 March 1985 in Klang, Selangor) is a Malaysian professional Footballer who plays as a Forward with Selangor FA, which he joined from his previous club Perak FA for the 2013 season.	Abdul Hadi Yahya	Selangor FA
member of sports team	Muslim Ahmad (born 25 April 1989, in Kuala Terengganu, Terengganu) is a Malaysian footballer who currently play for Kelantan FA.	Muslim Ahmad	Kelantan FA
member of sports team	Frode Johnsen (born 17 March 1974) is a former Norwegian footballer who played for Odd and Rosenborg in the Tippeligaen and for Nagoya Grampus Eight and Shimizu S-Pulse in Japan.	Frode Johnsen	Nagoya Grampus	Shimizu S-Pulse
member of sports team	Valery Kechinov is a former Russia international footballer, who spent the majority of his playing career at Spartak Moscow.	Valery Kechinov	Spartak Moscow
member of sports team	Mohamed Madihi (born 15 February 1979) is a Moroccan professional footballer who plays for Moroccan side FAR Rabat.	Mohamed Madihi	FAR Rabat
member of sports team	Charles Marcelo da Silva (born 4 February 1994), simply known as Charles, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Portuguese club C.S. Marítimo as a goalkeeper.	Charles Marcelo da Silva	C.S. Marítimo
member of sports team	Tatu Miettunen (born 24 April 1995) is a Finnish professional footballer, who plays as a central defender for Finnish premier division club Ilves.	Tatu Miettunen	Ilves
member of sports team	Aníbal Gabriel Alcoba Rebollo (born 24 January 1980 in Paso de los Toros) is a Uruguayan footballer who plays for Deportivo Maldonado in the Uruguayan Segunda División.	Gabriel Alcoba	Deportivo Maldonado
member of sports team	Kyle Exume (born November 22, 1987 in Brooklin, Ontario) is a professional Canadian football running back who was most recently a member of the Edmonton Eskimos.	Kyle Exume	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	Sebastián Solé (born 12 June 1991 in Rosario, Argentina) is an Argentine volleyball player, a member of Argentina men's national volleyball team and Italian club Trentino Volley, gold medalist of the 2015 Pan American Games, silver medalist of South American Championship (2011, 2013) and Italian Champion (2015).	Sebastián Solé	Trentino Volley
member of sports team	Tom Davidson (born 3 February 1983) is a former Australian rules footballer who was recruited from the Geelong Falcons in the 2001 AFL Draft by the Collingwood Football Club.	Tom Davidson	Collingwood Football Club
member of sports team	Róbert Vittek (born 1 April 1982) is a Slovak football player who plays as a forward for ŠK Slovan Bratislava.	Róbert Vittek	ŠK Slovan Bratislava
member of sports team	Jean Natal Ratsimialona (born May 23, 1978) is a Malagasy footballer currently plays for AS Adema.	Jean Natal Ratsimialona	AS Adema
member of sports team	Mario Holek (born 28 October 1986) is a Czech footballer currently playing for the Czech team AC Sparta Prague.	Mario Holek	AC Sparta Prague
member of sports team	Richie Vernon (born 7 July 1987) is a Scotland rugby union player formerly of Sale Sharks.	Richie Vernon	Sale Sharks
member of sports team	Chijioke Onyenegecha (born March 15, 1983 in El Sobrante, California) is a defensive back for the Edmonton Eskimos in the Canadian Football League.	Chijioke Onyenegecha	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	Patrick Peter (born January 27, 1994) is an Austrian professional ice hockey player for Vienna Capitals of the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL) and the Austrian national team.	Patrick Peter	Vienna Capitals
member of sports team	Sandro Galli (born 4 May 1987) is a Swiss football defender, who currently plays for SR Delémont in the Swiss Challenge League.	Sandro Galli	SR Delémont
member of sports team	Ondřej Murín (born 15 February 1991) is a Czech football defender who plays for 1. HFK Olomouc, on loan from Sigma Olomouc.	Ondřej Murín	1. HFK Olomouc
member of sports team	Ahmad Hazwan Bakri (born 19 June 1991) is a Malaysian football player who plays as a winger or striker for Selangor FA.	Ahmad Hazwan Bakri	Selangor FA
member of sports team	Serghei Covalciuc (Ukrainian: Сергій Ковальчук, born January 20, 1982 in Odessa) is a Moldovan-Ukrainian footballer who last played for Kazakhstan Premier League side FC Aktobe.	Serghei Covalciuc	FC Aktobe
member of sports team	Ryan Sellers (born 13 October 1994) is an English footballer who plays for Wycombe Wanderers.	Ryan Sellers	Wycombe Wanderers
member of sports team	Benny Steck (May 5, 1921 -- October 22, 2012) was a Canadian football player who played for the Ottawa Rough Riders and Montreal Alouettes.	Benny Steck	Ottawa Rough Riders
member of sports team	Christian Chartier (born December 29, 1980 in St. Lazare, Manitoba) is a Canadian ice hockey defenceman currently playing for Augsburger Panther in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).	Christian Chartier	Augsburger Panther
member of sports team	Gordon Sherritt (April 8, 1919 -- March 12, 2005) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player who played eight games in the National Hockey League for the Detroit Red Wings.	Gordon Sherritt	Detroit Red Wings
member of sports team	Štefan Rusnák (born 7 August 1971) is a former Slovak international football forward who played for clubs in Czechoslovakia and Germany and recently manager of FK Dukla Banská Bystrica.	Štefan Rusnák	FK Dukla Banská Bystrica
member of sports team	Mark Easter (born 19 October 1982 in Mbabane, Swaziland) is a rugby union footballer who plays at No. 8 or Flanker for Sale Sharks after signing from the Northampton Saints in the Summer of 2011.	Mark Easter	Northampton Saints
member of sports team	Nia Williams (born September 19, 1990) is a retired American soccer defender who most recently played for FC Kansas City in the National Women's Soccer League.	Nia Williams	FC Kansas City
member of sports team	Dave Lapham (born June 24, 1952) is a former professional football offensive lineman for the National Football League's Cincinnati Bengals from 1974 to 1983 and the United States Football League's New Jersey Generals (1984--1985).	Dave Lapham	Cincinnati Bengals
member of sports team	Chris Mahaffey (born in Atlanta, Georgia) is an American soccer player who currently plays for the Atlanta Silverbacks of the USL First Division.	Chris Mahaffey	Atlanta Silverbacks
member of sports team	Tahlia Tupaea (born 1 June 1997) is a basketball player who currently plays for the Sydney Uni Flames in the Women's National Basketball League.	Tahlia Tupaea	Sydney Uni Flames
member of sports team	Genc Tomorri (born 17 January 1960 in Tiranë) is an Albanian football director, coach and former player, who has been associated with Partizani Tirana throughout his playing and coaching career.	Genc Tomorri	Partizani Tirana
member of sports team	Glorian Hoxha (born 5 April 1994 in Lezhë) is an Albanian footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for Kastrioti Krujë in the Albanian First Division, on loan from KF Tirana.	Glorian Hoxha	KF Tirana
member of sports team	Darryl Laplante (born March 28, 1977) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey centre who played in 35 career National Hockey League games for the Detroit Red Wings.	Darryl Laplante	Detroit Red Wings
member of sports team	Danielson Ferreira Trindade (born 9 January 1981), known simply as Danielson, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club Moreirense F.C. as a central defender.	Danielson Ferreira Trindade	Moreirense F.C.
member of sports team	Gabe Hall (born on October 1, 1983 in Lubbock, Texas) is a former American football offensive lineman for the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League.	Gabe Hall	Indianapolis Colts
member of sports team	Wilberto Cosme Mosquera (Padilla, July 22, 1984) is a Colombian professional footballer who plays for Mexican side Puebla F.C. as a striker.	Wilberto Cosme	Puebla F.C.
member of sports team	Harold Hallman (December 10, 1962 -- December 23, 2005) was a Canadian Football League defensive tackle who played eight seasons in the CFL, mainly for the Toronto Argonauts.	Harold Hallman	Toronto Argonauts
member of sports team	Mike Colangelo (born October 22, 1976 in Teaneck, New Jersey) is a retired Major League Baseball outfielder who played 3 seasons for the Anaheim Angels, San Diego Padres, and Oakland Athletics.	Mike Colangelo	San Diego Padres	Oakland Athletics
member of sports team	Stanley MacDonald (born June 29, 1966 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch footballer who played for Eredivisie and Eerste Divisie clubs Stormvogels Telstar, SC Heerenveen, FC Oss, N.E.C. (football club) and FC Eindhoven during the 1991-2001 football seasons.	Stanley MacDonald	FC Oss	N.E.C.	FC Eindhoven
member of sports team	Lemuel Jeanpierre (born May 19, 1987) is an American football center who is currently a member of the Seattle Seahawks.	Lemuel Jeanpierre	Seattle Seahawks
member of sports team	Alex Harlley (born 28 June 1992) is a Togolese professional footballer who currently plays for the Pittsburgh Riverhounds of the USL.	Alex Harlley	Pittsburgh Riverhounds
member of sports team	Mario Sonnleitner (born 8 October 1986 in Vorau) is an Austrian footballer, who currently plays for SK Rapid Wien.	Mario Sonnleitner	SK Rapid Wien
member of sports team	Cristian Carracedo García (born 30 November 1995) is a Spanish footballer who plays for RCD Mallorca B as a right winger.	Cristian Carracedo	RCD Mallorca B
member of sports team	Tony Demelinne (born October 7, 1987) is a Dutch professional ice hockey player (left wing) currently playing in Friesland Flyers of the Eredivisie (ice hockey).	Tony Demelinne	Friesland Flyers
member of sports team	Joakim Edström (born 27 November 1992) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Utsiktens BK on loan from GAIS, as a forward.	Joakim Edström	GAIS
member of sports team	Semanur Akbaş (born January 1, 1996 in Osmangazi, Bursa, Turkey) is a Turkish women's football striker currently playing in the Turkish Women's First Football League for 1207 Antalya Muratpaşa Belediye Spor with jersey number 9.	Semanur Akbaş	1207 Antalya Muratpaşa Belediye Spor
member of sports team	Filip Ozobić (born 8 April 1991 in Bjelovar, Croatia) is a Croatian midfielder, currently playing for NK Slaven Belupo and the Croatia national under-21 football team.	Filip Ozobić	NK Slaven Belupo
member of sports team	John Corker (born December 29, 1958 in Miami, Florida) is a former American football linebacker who played four seasons in the National Football League, mainly for the Houston Oilers, and eight seasons in the Arena Football League.	John Corker	Houston Oilers
member of sports team	Ed Tapscott is the former interim head coach of the NBA's Washington Wizards.	Ed Tapscott	Washington Wizards
member of sports team	Kyle Freadrich (born December 28, 1978 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a professional ice hockey player who played for the Tampa Bay Lightning of the NHL.	Kyle Freadrich	Tampa Bay Lightning
member of sports team	Dafydd Jones (born 24 June 1979) is a retired Welsh rugby union footballer, who played in the back row for the Llanelli Scarlets in the Magners League.	Dafydd Jones	Scarlets
member of sports team	Oliver Rifai (born 15 June 1993 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a centre back for FC Lisse in the Dutch Topklasse.	Oliver Rifai	FC Lisse
member of sports team	Aleksandar Railić (Serbian Cyrillic: Александар Раилић ; born October 22, 1979 in Derventa, SFR Yugoslavia, now Bosnia and Herzegovina) and is a Bosnian Serb professional football player currently playing for FK Ljubić Prnjavor.	Aleksandar Railić	FK Ljubić Prnjavor
member of sports team	Andy Buist (born 25 August 1984 in Norwich, England) is a rugby union player for the Newcastle Falcons in the Guinness Premiership.	Andy Buist	Newcastle Falcons
member of sports team	Rasmus Rinne (born 8 July 1990) is a Finnish ice hockey goaltender currently playing for Lukko of the Finnish Liiga.	Rasmus Rinne	Lukko
member of sports team	Henry Fa'arodo Jr (born 5 October 1982 in Honiara) is a Solomon Islands professional footballer who currently plays as a striker/midfielder for Team Wellington.	Henry Fa'arodo	Team Wellington
member of sports team	Liam Shiels (born 29 April 1991) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Hawthorn Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Liam Shiels	Hawthorn Football Club
member of sports team	Ruslan Pidhornyy (Ukrainian: Руслан Підгорний; born July 25, 1977) is a Ukrainian professional road bicycle racer, who competed most recently for UCI ProTeam Vacansoleil-- DCM.	Ruslan Pidhornyy	Vacansoleil-- DCM
member of sports team	Pascal Donnadieu is a French basketball coach for JSF Nanterre.	Pascal Donnadieu	JSF Nanterre
member of sports team	Gerhardt Otto Dornhofer (born February 2, 1943), better known as Gary Dornhoefer, is a Canadian former professional ice hockey right winger who played 14 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Boston Bruins and Philadelphia Flyers.	Gary Dornhoefer	Boston Bruins	Philadelphia Flyers
member of sports team	David Glen Harmon (January 2, 1921 -- March 9, 2007) was a Canadian ice hockey defenceman who played for the Montreal Canadiens from 1942 to 1951.	Glen Harmon	Montreal Canadiens
member of sports team	Jenny Hallstenson (born 29 October 1980) is a Swedish football midfielder who most recently played in the Swedish 1st Division for QBIK.	Jenny Hallstenson	QBIK
member of sports team	Ilir Duro (born 25 July 1966) is a retired Albanian footballer who played during his career as forward for Besa Kavajë, Dinamo Tirana and Freiburger FC.	Ilir Duro	Besa Kavajë
member of sports team	Lucio Filomeno (born 8 May 1980) is an Argentine football striker who currently plays for Atlético de Rafaela.	Lucio Filomeno	Atlético de Rafaela
member of sports team	Sandro Burki (born 16 September 1985) is a footballer from Switzerland who currently plays as a midfielder for FC Aarau in the Swiss Super League.	Sandro Burki	FC Aarau
member of sports team	David Rundblad (born October 8, 1990) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player currently playing for the ZSC Lions of the National League A (NLA) on loan from the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League (NHL).	David Rundblad	Chicago Blackhawks
member of sports team	Leonardo Ferreira da Silva (born 19 July 1980 in Campinas, São Paulo) is a Brazilian football striker who previously played for HamKam in Norway, and was released by South China in May 2010.	Leonardo Ferreira da Silva	HamKam
member of sports team	Matthew Scarlett (born 5 June 1979) is a retired Australian rules footballer, who formerly played for the Geelong Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Matthew Scarlett	Geelong Football Club
member of sports team	Christian Mendy (born 7 November 1984 in Boutoupa, Senegal) is a French-Senegalese footballer, who currently plays for SC Feignies.	Christian Mendy	SC Feignies
member of sports team	Eric Germain (born June 26, 1966 in Quebec City, Quebec) is a retired professional hockey player who played for the Los Angeles Kings in the National Hockey League.	Eric Germain	Los Angeles Kings
member of sports team	Boris Cmiljanić (17 March 1996) is a Montenegrin footballer who plays as a striker for Eredivisie club PSV Eindhoven.	Boris Cmiljanić	PSV Eindhoven
member of sports team	José Tiago Nunes Silva (born 26 February 1991 in Caniçal, Machico, Madeira) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.F. Caniçal as a right back.	José Tiago Nunes Silva	C.F. Caniçal
member of sports team	André Francisco Bruno Ferreira (born 15 June 1990 in Santarém) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Portimonense S.C. as a right winger.	André Francisco Bruno Ferreira	Portimonense S.C.
member of sports team	Joseph Larweh Attamah (born 22 May 1994) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Turkish club Adana Demirspor.	Joseph Larweh Attamah	Adana Demirspor
member of sports team	Tijana Ajduković (Serbian Cyrillic: Тијана Ајдуковић, born June 3, 1991) is a Serbian professional women's basketball player who plays for USK Praha (women's basketball) of the Czech League.	Tijana Ajduković	USK Praha
member of sports team	DeAngelo Tyson (born April 12, 1989) is an American football defensive end with the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League (NFL).	DeAngelo Tyson	Baltimore Ravens
member of sports team	Tony Mahr (born January 8, 1986 in Helsingborg) is a Swedish football player who has played for Helsingborgs IF most of his adult life.	Tony Mahr	Helsingborgs IF
member of sports team	Thor André Olsen played for Mo IL, Molde FK, SK Brann, Djurgårdens IF, Aalborg, IFK Norrköping and Lillestrøm SK.	Thor André Olsen	IFK Norrköping
member of sports team	Tim de Cler (born 8 November 1978) is a former Dutch footballer who played as a left back for Ajax, AZ, Feyenoord and AEK Larnaca.	Tim de Cler	Feyenoord
member of sports team	Sayed Mohammad Hashemi (born 2 March 1994) is an Afghanistan international footballer who plays as a defender for Shaheen Asmayee F.C..	Sayed Mohammad Hashemi	Shaheen Asmayee F.C.
member of sports team	Sébastien Wüthrich (born 29 May 1990 in Neuchâtel) is a Swiss footballer who plays for FC St. Gallen on loan from FC Sion in the Swiss Super League.	Sébastien Wüthrich	FC St. Gallen
member of sports team	Srđan Radosavljev (Serbian Cyrillic: Срђан Радосављев; born 25 May 1983) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays mainly as midfielder for FK Bačka 1901.	Srđan Radosavljev	FK Bačka 1901
member of sports team	Darren Jordan is a professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s, playing at club level for Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, and Doncaster, as a Hooker.	Darren Jordan	Wakefield Trinity Wildcats
member of sports team	Oliver Makor (born October 9, 1973) is a Liberian former football midfielder who last played for Persik Kediri.	Oliver Makor	Persik Kediri
member of sports team	Ismaël Keïta Vieira (born 8 July 1990 in Bamako) is a Malian football player, who is currently playing for the French side Paris FC.	Ismaël Keïta	Paris FC
member of sports team	Dodok Anang Zuanto (born on January 13, 1983 in Sidoarjo, East Java) is an Indonesian footballer that currently plays for Persela Lamongan in the Indonesia Super League.	Dodok Anang Zuanto	Persela Lamongan
member of sports team	John Karelse (born 17 May 1970 in Wemeldinge) is a retired Dutch football goalkeeper and unemployed manager after being fired by NAC Breda.	John Karelse	NAC Breda
member of sports team	Jure Obšivač (born 28 May 1990 in Metković) is a Croatian football midfielder who is currently playing for RNK Split.	Jure Obšivač	RNK Split
member of sports team	Martial Yao Kouassi (born 4 October 1989 in Bingerville) is an Ivorian football player who currently plays for Stade Tunisien.	Martial Yao	Stade Tunisien
member of sports team	Cédric Si Mohamed (born January 9, 1985) is an Algerian football player who is currently playing for CS Constantine in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.	Cédric Si Mohamed	CS Constantine
member of sports team	The goals continued to flow following a switch to Spanish second level side UD Salamanca in 1996, with Pauleta scoring 19 goals as it gained promotion to La Liga in the following year, adding a further 15 in his first season in the top flight.	Pauleta	UD Salamanca
member of sports team	Thomas Borenitsch (born December 19, 1980) is an Austrian football goalkeeper currently playing for Austrian Football Bundesliga side SV Mattersburg.	Thomas Borenitsch	SV Mattersburg
member of sports team	Andre Ethier (/ˈiːθiər/; born April 10, 1982) is an American professional baseball outfielder for the Los Angeles Dodgers of Major League Baseball (MLB).	Andre Ethier	Los Angeles Dodgers
member of sports team	Pentti Nöyränen (born May 20, 1983) is a Finnish ice hockey player who currently plays professionally in Finland for Espoo Blues of the SM-liiga.	Pentti Nöyränen	Espoo Blues
member of sports team	Born in Montpellier, Julien Tomas currently plays for Stade Français in the Top 14.	Julien Tomas	Stade Français
member of sports team	Alessandro Beccaria (born June 12, 1988 in Mantua) is an Italian soccer forward who plays for SV Wilhelmshaven.	Alessandro Beccaria	SV Wilhelmshaven
member of sports team	Marco Arturo Ramírez (born 25 October 1990), known as Marco, is a Mexican footballer who plays for Puebla F.C. in Mexico, mainly as a left winger.	Marco Arturo Ramírez	Puebla F.C.
member of sports team	Félicien Tshamalenga Kabundi (born 15 May 1980) is a football defender from Congo DR. He currently plays for TP Mazembe in DR Congo.	Tshamalenga Kabundi	TP Mazembe
member of sports team	Didier Tholot (born 2 April 1964 in Feurs, Loire) is a retired French footballer, currently the manager of FC Sion.	Didier Tholot	FC Sion
member of sports team	Slobodan Mazić (Serbian Cyrillic: Cлoбoдaн Maзић ; born November 15, 1977 in Vlasenica) is a Serbian footballer playing with FK Budućnost Podgorica in Montenegrin First League.	Slobodan Mazić	FK Budućnost Podgorica
member of sports team	Walter Fernando Ibáñez Costa (born December 10, 1984 in Rivera), commonly known as Walter Ibáñez, is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as a defender for Alianza Lima.	Walter Ibáñez	Alianza Lima
member of sports team	Mpho Makola (born May 4, 1986 in Alexandra, Gauteng) is a South African football (soccer) midfielder for Premier Soccer League club Orlando Pirates.	Mpho Makola	Orlando Pirates
member of sports team	Lukas Flüeler (born October 22, 1988) is a Swiss professional ice hockey Goaltender who is currently playing for the ZSC Lions of the National League A (NLA).	Lukas Flüeler	ZSC Lions
member of sports team	Jerry Don Gleaton (born September 14, 1957 in Brownwood, Texas) was a Major League Baseball pitcher from 1979 to 1992 for the Texas Rangers, Seattle Mariners, Chicago White Sox, Kansas City Royals, Detroit Tigers, and Pittsburgh Pirates.	Jerry Don Gleaton	Texas Rangers	Seattle Mariners	Chicago White Sox	Detroit Tigers	Pittsburgh Pirates
member of sports team	Joel John Bailey (born February 17, 1980) is a forward who last played for the Carolina RailHawks of the USL First Division.	Joel John Bailey	Carolina RailHawks
member of sports team	Matej Hočevar (born Ljubljana, 30 April 1982) is a Slovenian professional ice hockey player currently with HDD Olimpija Ljubljana of the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).	Matej Hočevar	HDD Olimpija Ljubljana
member of sports team	Mohammad Hassan Ansarifard (Persian: محمدحسن انصاری‌فرد‎‎, born 1962 in Tehran) is a former Iranian football player, having played in Persepolis F.C. and the Iranian national football team.	Mohammad Hassan Ansarifard	Persepolis F.C.
member of sports team	Jimmy Estacio is a Colombian footballer that plays for Expreso Rojo.	Jimmy Estacio	Expreso Rojo
member of sports team	Eugenio Leal Vargas (born 13 May 1954) is a retired Spanish footballer who played for Atlético Madrid and for the Spanish national team.	Eugenio Leal	Atlético Madrid
member of sports team	Jim Cherneski (born September 12, 1974 in Baltimore, Maryland) is an American soccer player, currently player-manager for Crystal Palace Baltimore in the USSF Division 2 Professional League.	Jim Cherneski	Crystal Palace Baltimore
member of sports team	Pavol Sedlák (born 21 November 1979 in Bratislava) is a Slovak footballer, who currently plays for SK Schwadorf and also assistant manager in the Slovak giant ŠK Slovan Bratislava.	Pavol Sedlák	SK Schwadorf	ŠK Slovan Bratislava
member of sports team	Paul Sproule is a former Australian rules football player who played for the Essendon Football Club in the VFL from 1968 to 1971 and then for the Richmond Football Club from 1972 to 1975.	Paul Sproule	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	Billy Longer is a professional Australian rules footballer who plays for the St Kilda Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Billy Longer	St Kilda Football Club
member of sports team	Michael Ludäscher (born 4 May 1988) is a Swiss football defender who currently plays for FC Baden on loan from FC Aarau in the Swiss Super League.	Michael Ludäscher	FC Baden
member of sports team	Aytaç Sulu (born 11 December 1985 in Heidelberg) is a Turkish football defender from Nußloch currently playing for SV Darmstadt 98 as captain in the Bundesliga, who was born in Germany.	Aytaç Sulu	SV Darmstadt 98
member of sports team	Adrian Kekec (born May 28, 1985) is a Canadian soccer player of Slovenian descent, who currently plays for FK Pelister in the First Macedonian Football League.	Adrian Kekec	FK Pelister
member of sports team	Taylor Duryea (born 24 April 1991) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Hawthorn Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Taylor Duryea	Hawthorn Football Club
member of sports team	Ron Jayson Buenafe (born May 27, 1983 in Quezon City), better known as Ronjay Buenafe, is a Filipino professional basketball player who currently plays for the Meralco Bolts in the Philippine Basketball Association.	Ronjay Buenafe	Meralco Bolts
member of sports team	Enis Jackson (born May 16, 1963 in Helena, Arkansas) is a former professional American football player who played defensive back in 1987 for the Cleveland Browns in the National Football League.	Enis Jackson	Cleveland Browns
member of sports team	Romagna, Giacomo Bassoli started his professional career at Bologna F.C. 1909 along with his twin brother Alessandro.	Giacomo Bassoli	Bologna F.C. 1909
member of sports team	Roland Polareczki (born 20 May 1990 in Lenti) is a Hungarian striker who currently plays for Zalaegerszegi TE.	Roland Polareczki	Zalaegerszegi TE
member of sports team	Juuso Salmi (born July 15, 1991) is a Finnish ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for the HIFK Helsinki of the SM-liiga.	Juuso Salmi	HIFK
member of sports team	Detinho joined South China AA in 2006 from Imortal DC, after the team gave up its ``all-Chinese'' policy.	Detinho	South China AA	Imortal DC
member of sports team	Kohei Nakashima (中島 康平, born December 7, 1989) is a Japanese football player who plays as a forward for J3 League side F.C. Machida Zelvia.	Kohei Nakashima	F.C. Machida Zelvia
member of sports team	Rashad Jamal Salem (born January 18, 1979) is a Bahraini footballer currently playing for Al-Najma of Bahrain and the Bahrain national football team.	Rashad Jamal Salem	Al-Najma
member of sports team	Paul Easterling (September 28, 1905 -- March 15, 1993) was a major league outfielder for the Detroit Tigers (1928, 1930) and the Philadelphia Athletics (1938).	Paul Easterling	Detroit Tigers
member of sports team	Alexandre Dimitri Song Billong (born 9 September 1987), better known as Alex Song, is a Cameroonian professional footballer who plays for English club West Ham United on loan from FC Barcelona.	Alex Song	FC Barcelona
member of sports team	Ahmad Black (born December 12, 1989) is an American football safety who last played for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League (NFL).	Ahmad Black	Tampa Bay Buccaneers
member of sports team	During his football career, Granville Liggins played for the Calgary Stampeders (1968--1972) and the Toronto Argonauts (1973--1978) in the Canadian Football League.	Granville Liggins	Toronto Argonauts
member of sports team	Philipp Heerwagen (born 13 April 1983, in Kelheim, Lower Bavaria) is a German football goalkeeper currently playing for FC St. Pauli in the 2.	Philipp Heerwagen	FC St. Pauli
member of sports team	Kosta Bjedov (born 10 May 1986) is a Serbian-Croatian footballer who currently plays for FK Čukarički Stankom.	Kosta Bjedov	FK Čukarički
member of sports team	Christoph Budde (11 February 1963 -- 1 December 2009) was a German professional footballer who made 42 appearances in the Bundesliga for Borussia Mönchengladbach as a striker between 1985 and 1990.	Christoph Budde	Borussia Mönchengladbach
member of sports team	Julian White MBE (born 14 May 1973) is an English rugby union footballer who played prop for Leicester Tigers and England.	Julian White	Leicester Tigers
member of sports team	Luca Leggiero (born 11 November 1984), is an Italian futsal player who plays for Pescara Calcio a 5 and the Italian national futsal team.	Luca Leggiero	Pescara Calcio a 5
member of sports team	Frank Seno (February 15, 1921 -- March 31, 1974) was an American football running back and defensive back in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins, the Chicago Cardinals, and the Boston Yanks.	Frank Seno	Washington Redskins	Chicago Cardinals
member of sports team	Om Chol-song (born 12 November 1992) is a North Korean international football player who plays for April 25 Sports Club and North Korea national football team.	Om Chol-song	April 25 Sports Club
member of sports team	Haitham Kadhim Tahir (Arabic: هيثم كاظم طاهر‎) (born November 20, 1977 in Iraq) is an Iraqi football (soccer) midfielder playing for the Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya football club in Iraq.	Haitham Kadhim	Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya
member of sports team	Jędrzej Maćkowiak (born October 17, 1992 in Bełchatów, Poland) is a Polish volleyball player, a member of Polish club Effector Kielce, Polish Champion.	Jędrzej Maćkowiak	Effector Kielce
member of sports team	Higinio Ortúzar Santamaria (January 10, 1915 - November 8, 1982) is a retired Chilean footballer who played in Spain for Barakaldo CF, Athletic Bilbao, Valencia CF and Real Valladolid.	Higinio Ortúzar	Barakaldo CF
member of sports team	Andrea Stinson (born November 25, 1967) is a retired professional basketball player from the United States, playing from 1998--2005 for the Charlotte Sting and the Detroit Shock.	Andrea Stinson	Charlotte Sting
member of sports team	Roberto Carlos Cortés Restrepo (born June 20, 1977 in Medellín) is a Colombian footballer who plays defender who currently plays for Independiente Medellín.	Roberto Carlos Cortés	Independiente Medellín
member of sports team	Mariusz Mowlik (born May 19, 1981 in Poznań) is a Polish ex-footballer who currently is the Sports Director at Miedź Legnica.	Mariusz Mowlik	Miedź Legnica
member of sports team	Steve Warren, (born January 22, 1978) is a former defensive tackle who played for the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League (2000--02).	Steve Warren	Green Bay Packers
member of sports team	Mohamed Sifan (born 8 March 1983) is a Maldivian footballer, nicknamed ``Kudattey'', who currently plays for New Radiant SC.	Mohamed Sifan	New Radiant SC
member of sports team	Amar Rahmanović (born 13 May 1994) is a Bosnian footballer playing for NK Maribor in the Slovenian PrvaLiga.	Amar Rahmanović	NK Maribor
member of sports team	Lucas Borges (born 17 February 1980 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine rugby union player who played for Benetton Rugby in the Italian Super 10 (now National Championship of Excellence) and the Argentina national rugby union team.	Lucas Borges	Argentina national rugby union team
member of sports team	Taulant Kadrija (born 18 May 1993) is a Slovenian footballer playing with FK Radnik Bijeljina in the Bosnian Premier League.	Taulant Kadrija	FK Radnik Bijeljina
member of sports team	Barry John Cullen (born August 2, 1964) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre who played in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Pittsburgh Penguins, Hartford Whalers, Toronto Maple Leafs and Tampa Bay Lightning.	John Cullen	Pittsburgh Penguins	Hartford Whalers	Toronto Maple Leafs	Tampa Bay Lightning
member of sports team	Fernando Recio Comí (Chinese: 列斯奧; born 17 December 1982) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Hong Kong club Kitchee SC as a central defender or defensive midfielder.	Fernando Recio	Kitchee SC
member of sports team	Joaquín Tuculet (born 8 August 1989 in La Plata, Argentina) is an Argentine rugby union player who plays for the national Argentina team The Pumas and is under contract with the Jaguares, the country's Super Rugby team that is set to begin play in the 2016 season.	Joaquín Tuculet	Jaguares
member of sports team	Sai Kanakubo (金久保 彩, born January 11, 1989) is a Japanese football player who currently plays for V-Varen Nagasaki in the J. League Division 2.	Sai Kanakubo	V-Varen Nagasaki
member of sports team	Andreas Valdix (born December 6, 1984) is a Swedish professional ice hockey centre who currently plays HC TWK Innsbruck of the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).	Andreas Valdix	HC TWK Innsbruck
member of sports team	Daniel Halfar (born 7 January 1988 in Mannheim) is a German footballer who currently plays for 1. FC Kaiserslautern in the German 2.	Daniel Halfar	1. FC Kaiserslautern
member of sports team	Brian Chrøis (born November 12, 1959) is a Danish former footballer, who scored 68 goals in 239 games as a defensive midfielder for Danish club Brøndby IF.	Brian Chrøis	Brøndby IF
member of sports team	Wojciech Łobodziński (Polish pronunciation: (ˈvɔjtɕɛx wɔbɔˈdʑiɲski); born 20 October 1982 in Bydgoszcz), is a Polish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Miedź Legnica.	Wojciech Łobodziński	Miedź Legnica
member of sports team	Predrag Stamenković (Serbian Cyrillic: Пpeдpaг Cтaмeнкoвић ; born 7 July 1977 in Niš) is a Serbian football defender currently playing for FK Radnički Niš in the Serbian First League.	Predrag Stamenković	FK Radnički Niš
member of sports team	Bojan Živanović (Born 27 June 1989 in Smederevo) is a Serbian football defender who plays for FK Smederevo in the Serbian SuperLiga.	Bojan Živanović	FK Smederevo
member of sports team	Petr Šíma (born 25 February 1983 in Domažlice) is a Czech football defender currently playing for FK Baník Sokolov, on loan from SK Dynamo České Budějovice.	Petr Šíma	FK Baník Sokolov	SK Dynamo České Budějovice
member of sports team	Pierre Rabadan (born 3 July 1980, in Aix-en-Provence, Bouches-du-Rhone), is French international rugby union player, who plays his club rugby for Stade Français.	Pierre Rabadan	Stade Français
member of sports team	Marius Mitu (born 10 September 1976) is a retired Romanian midfielder who last played for plays for CSM Râmnicu Vâlcea.	Marius Mitu	CSM Râmnicu Vâlcea
member of sports team	Luke McGuane (born 12 February 1987) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Richmond Football Club and Brisbane Lions in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Luke McGuane	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	Ahn Il-joo (born 2 May 1988) is a Korean professional footballer who plays for Bucheon FC 1995 in K League Challenge as a defender.	Ahn Il-joo	Bucheon FC 1995
member of sports team	Ilya Mikhalyov (Ukrainian: Ілля Русланович Міхальов; born 31 July 1990 in Makiyivka, Donetsk Oblast) is a Ukrainian football (soccer) forward who plays for FC Tosno on loan from FC Karpaty Lviv.	Ilya Mikhalyov	FC Karpaty Lviv
member of sports team	Fabrice Kelban (born 9 October 1978 in Villeneuve-Saint-Georges, France) is a French footballer who played 2 matches for Paris Saint-Germain F.C. in Ligue 1 in the 1997-1998 season and 18 matches for US Créteil-Lusitanos in Ligue 2 in the 1999-2000 season.	Fabrice Kelban	Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
member of sports team	Jeff Schultz (born February 25, 1986) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the Ontario Reign in the American Hockey League (AHL) while under contract to the Los Angeles Kings of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Jeff Schultz	Los Angeles Kings
member of sports team	Sergio Mendigutxia Iglesias, simply known as Mendi (born 12 June 1993), is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Sporting de Gijón B as a forward.	Sergio Mendigutxia	Sporting de Gijón B
member of sports team	Olivier Davidas (born November 8, 1981 in Le Havre) is a French defender who currently plays for Ligue 2 side Gazélec Ajaccio.	Olivier Davidas	Gazélec Ajaccio
member of sports team	Ida Maria Aronsson (born 23 December 1983) is a Swedish former footballer who played as a forward for Damallsvenskan clubs Linköpings FC and LdB FC Malmö.	Maria Aronsson	Linköpings FC
member of sports team	Danny Wynn (born September 25, 1983 in St. Louis, Missouri) is an American soccer defender who spent one season with the New England Revolution in Major League Soccer.	Danny Wynn	New England Revolution
member of sports team	Alex Elliott (born April 24, 1987 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian soccer player who most recently played for the German Club Sportfreunde Siegen.	Alex Elliott	Sportfreunde Siegen
member of sports team	Helmut Faeder (3 July 1935 - 3 August 2014) was a former German international footballer who played as a midfielder for Hertha BSC and Hertha Zehlendorf.	Helmut Faeder	Hertha BSC
member of sports team	Tyronne Ebuehi (born 16 December 1995 in Haarlem) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as a right back for Dutch Eredivisie club ADO Den Haag.	Tyronne Ebuehi	ADO Den Haag
member of sports team	Lynn Scott (born June 23, 1977) is a former American football safety for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League.	Lynn Scott	Dallas Cowboys
member of sports team	Sebastian Kerk (born 17 April 1994) is a German footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for 1. FC Nürnberg in the 2.	Sebastian Kerk	1. FC Nürnberg
member of sports team	Max Friberg (born November 20, 1992) is a Swedish ice hockey winger who is currently playing with the St. John's IceCaps in the American Hockey League (AHL) as a prospect within the Montreal Canadiens organization of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Max Friberg	Montreal Canadiens
member of sports team	Issife Soumahoro (born October 31, 1988 in Paris) is a French-born Ivorian basketball player currently playing for JSA Bordeaux Basket.	Issife Soumahoro	JSA Bordeaux Basket
member of sports team	Joni Aho (born 12 April 1986 in Kaarina) is a Finnish footballer, who represents FC Lahti of Veikkausliiga.	Joni Aho	FC Lahti
member of sports team	John Howard ``Howie Carter (October 13, 1904 -- July 24, 1991) was a Major League Baseball second baseman and third baseman who played with the Cincinnati Reds in 1926.	Howie Carter	Cincinnati Reds
member of sports team	Alex Montgomery served from October 2012 to April 2013 by the Sport Club do Recife, the biggest club in the Northeast of Brazil.	Alex Montgomery	Sport Club do Recife
member of sports team	Uffe Pedersen (born 21 March 1954) is a former Danish football player, and is currently working as talent chef for Odense Boldklub.	Uffe Pedersen	Odense Boldklub
member of sports team	Stanley Brard (born 24 October 1958 in The Hague) is a retired Dutch footballer who was active as a left back and who is currently head scout at Feyenoord Rotterdam.	Stanley Brard	Feyenoord
member of sports team	Niko Hovinen's SM-liiga career started during the 2005-06 season when Hovinen dressed for a single regular-season Jokerit game as backup to Joonas Hallikainen, after Tim Thomas abruptly left the team only a day before the start of the 2005--06 regular season.	Niko Hovinen	Jokerit
member of sports team	Cain Southernwood signed for Bradford Bulls mid-2010 from Wakefield Trinity Wildcats on a 3-year deal.	Cain Southernwood	Bradford Bulls	Wakefield Trinity Wildcats
member of sports team	Ron Dugans (born April 27, 1977) is a former wide receiver who played his 4-year NFL career with the Cincinnati Bengals.	Ron Dugans	Cincinnati Bengals
member of sports team	Janny Rivera (born 16 August 1988) is a Colombian professional footballer who plays for Atlanta Silverbacks as a Midfielder.	Janny Rivera	Atlanta Silverbacks
member of sports team	Alexy Bosetti (born April 23, 1993 in Nice) is a French footballer who plays as a striker for Tours FC on loan from OGC Nice.	Alexy Bosetti	Tours FC
member of sports team	Austin Steed, Jr. is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for Bærum Basket of the BLNO, Norway's premier basketball league.	Austin Steed	Bærum Basket
member of sports team	Manaye Fantu is an Ethiopian professional footballer, who plays as a Forward for Defence F.C..	Manaye Fantu	Defence F.C.
member of sports team	Theo van Duivenbode (born 1 November 1943) is a former Dutch footballer who played for AFC Ajax and Feyenoord and was part of their European and Intercontinental Cup victory in 1970.	Theo van Duivenbode	Feyenoord
member of sports team	Michalis Karas (Greek: Μιχάλης Καράς; born January 20, 1993 in Paralimni) is a Cypriot football defender who plays for Enosis Neon Paralimni FC.	Michalis Karas	Enosis Neon Paralimni FC
member of sports team	Sergio Marclay (born January 29, 1982 in Quilmes, Argentina) is an Argentine Association Football Forward currently playing for Argentino de Quilmes of the Primera C in Argentina.	Sergio Marclay	Argentino de Quilmes
member of sports team	Christophe Beghin (born 2 January 1980) is a professional Belgian basketball player, currently playing for Spirou Charleroi.	Christophe Beghin	Spirou Charleroi
member of sports team	Gergő Iváncsik (born 30 November 1981) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for MKB Veszprém KC and the Hungarian national team.	Gergő Iváncsik	MKB Veszprém KC
member of sports team	Park Sang-jin (Hangul: 박상진; hanja: 朴相珍, born 3 March 1987) is a South Korean football player who plays as a fullback for South Korean club that K-League side Gangwon FC.	Park Sang-jin	Gangwon FC
member of sports team	Junior Pericles Pinto Catarina (born 4 November 1989 in Rio de Janeiro), commonly known as Pericles, is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for Adriatiku Mamurrasi, on loan from FK Kukësi in the Albanian Superliga.	Junior Pericles Pinto Catarina	FK Kukësi
member of sports team	Nick Nurse (born July 24, 1967) is an American basketball coach who is an assistant coach for the Toronto Raptors.	Nick Nurse	Toronto Raptors
member of sports team	Brett Festerling (born March 3, 1986) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for the Hamburg Freezers in the DEL.	Brett Festerling	Hamburg Freezers
member of sports team	Garrett Raboin is a retired American professional ice hockey player who most recently played in the Norwegian GET-ligaen for Lørenskog IK in Lørenskog, a eastern suburb of Oslo.	Garrett Raboin	Lørenskog IK
member of sports team	İbrahim Üzülmez (born 10 March 1974 in Kocaeli, Turkey), known by his nickname Deli İbrahim or Deli İbo --literally means İbrahim the mad, is a former Turkish footballer who retired after being sacked from his last club, Beşiktaş J.K., for which he used to be captain, after a disciplinary breach.	İbrahim Üzülmez	Beşiktaş J.K.
member of sports team	Andy Perry (born 28 December 1974 in Portsmouth, Hampshire, England) is a rugby union player for Newcastle Falcons in the Guinness Premiership, playing primarily as a lock.	Andy Perry	Newcastle Falcons
member of sports team	Botomotoito Skito Litimba (born 7 July 1977) is a retired professional footballer from the DR Congo who played in DR Congo for AS Vita Club, winning the Linafoot championship in 1997.	Botomotoito Skito Litimba	AS Vita Club
member of sports team	Iheanyi Uwaezuoke (pronounced ee-HAH-nyee oo-WAY-zoh-kay) (born July 24, 1973 in Lagos, Nigeria) is a former American football wide receiver and punt returner for the San Francisco 49ers, Miami Dolphins, Detroit Lions, and Carolina Panthers of the National Football League.	Iheanyi Uwaezuoke	San Francisco 49ers	Miami Dolphins	Detroit Lions	Carolina Panthers
member of sports team	Errol Refos (born March 19, 1970 in Paramaribo, Suriname) is a Dutch footballer who played for Eredivisie club Feyenoord during the 1992-1995 football seasons.	Errol Refos	Feyenoord
member of sports team	Oliver Wilkes, (born 2 May 1980 in Ulverston, Cumbria) is an English born Scottish professional rugby league footballer for the Leigh Centurions club of the Championship.	Oliver Wilkes	Leigh Centurions
member of sports team	Kristian Tuohilampi (born November 8, 1989) is a Finnish ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for the HIFK Helsinki of the SM-liiga.	Kristian Tuohilampi	HIFK
member of sports team	Mahamane Cissé (born December 27, 1993 in Ansongo, Mali) is a Nigerien football player who plays for Congo Premier League side AC Léopards and the Niger national football team.	Mahamane Cissé	AC Léopards
member of sports team	Federico Bravo (Jesús María, 5 October 1993) is an Argentinian professional football player who currently plays for New York City FC on loan from Boca Juniors.	Federico Bravo	New York City FC
member of sports team	Gus Gerard (born July 27, 1953) is a retired American professional basketball player who played for the Carolina Cougars and Spirits of St. Louis of the American Basketball Association and the Denver Nuggets, Buffalo Braves, Detroit Pistons, Kansas City Kings and San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball Association.	Gus Gerard	Spirits of St. Louis	Denver Nuggets	Detroit Pistons	San Antonio Spurs
member of sports team	Marcus Winn was signed by the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League in 2007.	Marcus Winn	Winnipeg Blue Bombers
member of sports team	Pierre-Luc Labbé (born May 14, 1984) is a former professional Canadian football linebacker for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League.	Pierre-Luc Labbé	Winnipeg Blue Bombers
member of sports team	Silvan Inia (born January 24, 1969 in Hoorn, North Holland) is a retired football midfielder from the Netherlands, who made his professional debut in the 1991-1992 season for AZ Alkmaar.	Silvan Inia	AZ Alkmaar
member of sports team	Paulinho Kobayashi began his career with Associação Desportiva São Caetano.	Paulinho Kobayashi	Associação Desportiva São Caetano
member of sports team	Tarif Ahmed (born 8 February 1985) is an Indian footballer who plays as a striker for ONGC F.C. in the I-League.	Tarif Ahmed	ONGC F.C.
member of sports team	Eric Ofori Antwi signed for professional football club Amidaus Professionals on 1 January 2012.	Eric Ofori Antwi	Amidaus Professionals
member of sports team	Johnny da Silva Araújo or simply Johnny (born February 19, 1987 in Rio de Janeiro), is a Brazilian footballer, who currently plays for Atlético Monte Azul.	Johnny da Silva Araújo	Atlético Monte Azul
member of sports team	Bob McDermid was a professional footballer who played for Rangers, Dumbarton, Queen of the South and Aberdeen.	Bob McDermid	Rangers
member of sports team	Raul Tyson Isac Dias Monteiro or Raul Isac (born 2 February 1988) is an East Timorese international footballer who currently plays as a defender for North Sunshine Eagles FC and the Timor-Leste national team.	Raul Isac	North Sunshine Eagles FC
member of sports team	Kazimierz Kmiecik (born 19 September 1951 in Węgrzce Wielkie) is a retired Polish footballer who played almost all his career for Wisła Kraków, where he played 304 league matches and scored 153 goals.	Kazimierz Kmiecik	Wisła Kraków
member of sports team	Riley Gunnels (born August 24, 1937) is a former professional American football player who played defensive end for seven seasons for the Philadelphia Eagles and Pittsburgh Steelers.	Riley Gunnels	Philadelphia Eagles	Pittsburgh Steelers
member of sports team	Nélson Alexandre Farpelha Estrela (born 29 April 1988 in Ponta Delgada, Azores), known as Minhoca, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for F.C. Paços de Ferreira as an attacking midfielder.	Nélson Alexandre Farpelha Estrela	F.C. Paços de Ferreira
member of sports team	Espen Hægeland (born 27 September 1981) is a Norwegian footballer who played as a winger for Bryne, Mandalskameratene and Sandnes Ulf in the Norwegian First Division.	Espen Hægeland	Sandnes Ulf
member of sports team	Hadj Sadok Bouziane (also known as El Hadj Seddouk Bouziane) (born October 4, 1987 in Sidi Lakhdar, Algeria) is an Algerian football player who is currently playing as a midfielder for ASO Chlef in the Algerian league.	Hadj Sadok Bouziane	ASO Chlef
member of sports team	Ivan Droppa (born February 1, 1972 in Liptovský Mikuláš, Czechoslovakia) is a retired Slovakian professional ice hockey defenceman who played 19 games in the National Hockey League for the Chicago Blackhawks.	Ivan Droppa	Chicago Blackhawks
member of sports team	Antonio de la Torre Villalpando (born 21 September 1951 in Mexico City) was a Mexican first division player, who played most of his career with Club América where he helped the club win the 1975-76 Primera División de México Cup along with 1978 CONCACAF Champions' Cup and the Copa Interamericana that same year.	Antonio de la Torre Villalpando	Club América
member of sports team	Roger Hagberg was a professional gridiron football player, who played running back for five seasons for the Oakland Raiders, and four seasons with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.	Roger Hagberg	Winnipeg Blue Bombers
member of sports team	Metta World Peace (born Ronald William Artest, Jr. on November 13, 1979) is an American professional basketball player for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association (NBA).	Metta World Peace	Los Angeles Lakers
member of sports team	Nicholay Finlayson (born 19 December 1985), also spelled as Nicholy Fin(d)layson; is a Jamaican footballer who currently plays for Waterhouse F.C. as a defender.	Nicholay Finlayson	Waterhouse F.C.
member of sports team	Ko Kwang-min (Hangul: 고광민; born 21 September 1988) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a Midfielder for FC Seoul in the K League.	Ko Kwang-min	FC Seoul
member of sports team	David França Oliveira e Silva or simply David (born May 29, 1982 in Araxá), is a Brazilian defensive midfielder who currently plays for Goiás Esporte Clube.	David França Oliveira e Silva	Goiás Esporte Clube
member of sports team	Drafted in 1961 by the American Football League's Buffalo Bills, Billy Shaw of Georgia Tech was the prototypical ``pulling guard'' who despite his size held his own against much bigger defensive linemen like Ernie Ladd, Earl Faison and Buck Buchanan.	Billy Shaw	Buffalo Bills
member of sports team	Malela Mutuale (born June 18, 1991 in Decines-Charpieu, France) is a French basketball player who plays for French Pro A League club STB Le Havre.	Malela Mutuale	STB Le Havre
member of sports team	Joe Jakub (born on 7 December 1956, in Falkirk, Scotland) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played as a defender and midfielder for Burnley, Bury, AZ Alkmaar, Chester City and Wigan Athletic.	Joe Jakub	AZ Alkmaar
member of sports team	Milan Heča (born 21 March 1991) is a Czech football player, who currently plays for 1. FC Slovácko as a goalkeeper.	Milan Heča	1. FC Slovácko
member of sports team	Emanuel Svensson (born 20 February 1989) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Kristianstads FF on loan from Mjällby AIF as a midfielder.	Emanuel Svensson	Kristianstads FF
member of sports team	Troy Brohawn (born January 14, 1973) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher for the Arizona Diamondbacks, San Francisco Giants, and Los Angeles Dodgers between 2001 and 2003.	Troy Brohawn	Arizona Diamondbacks	San Francisco Giants
member of sports team	Christian Grindheim (born 17 July 1983) is a football midfielder who currently plays for the Tippeligaen club Vålerenga Fotball.	Christian Grindheim	Vålerenga Fotball
member of sports team	Boubacar Fofana (born 6 November 1989 in Conakry) is a Guinean professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club C.D. Nacional as a defensive midfielder.	Boubacar Fofana	C.D. Nacional
member of sports team	Paweł Poljański (born 6 May 1990) is a Polish racing cyclist, who currently rides for Tinkoff-Saxo.	Paweł Poljański	Tinkoff
member of sports team	Ben Kavanagh (born 4 March 1988) is a rugby league footballer who plays as a prop for Wakefield Trinity Wildcats on loan from Widnes Vikings in the European Super League.	Ben Kavanagh	Widnes Vikings
member of sports team	Josef Marx (20 November 1934 -- 24 August 2008) was a German international footballer who played as a midfielder for SV Sodingen and Karlsruher SC.	Josef Marx	SV Sodingen
member of sports team	Alex Cabagnot (born December 8, 1982) is a Filipino professional basketball player currently playing for the San Miguel Beermen.	Alex Cabagnot	San Miguel Beermen
member of sports team	Lukáš Čmelík (born 13 April 1996) is a Slovak football forward who currently plays for the Swiss Super League club FC Sion, on loan from MŠK Žilina.	Lukáš Čmelík	MŠK Žilina
member of sports team	Sergejs Boldaveško (born October 9, 1970 in Rīga, Latvian SSR, Soviet Union) is a retired Latvian ice hockey forward, who played for Dinamo Riga later HK Pārdaugava Rīga of the Soviet Hockey League, Liepājas Metalurgs and various German regional teams.	Sergejs Boldaveško	Dinamo Riga
member of sports team	Antônio Benedito da Silva, nicknamed Toninho (born March 23, 1965) is a former Brazilian football player who played for Portuguesa (Brazil), Guarani (Brazil), Yomiuri (Japan), Shimizu S-Pulse (Japan), Urawa Red Diamonds (Japan) and Vasco da Gama (Brazil).	Antônio Benedito da Silva	Shimizu S-Pulse	Urawa Red Diamonds
member of sports team	Shuremy Felomina (born 4 March 1995) is an Curaçaoan professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for FC Den Bosch.	Shuremy Felomina	FC Den Bosch
member of sports team	César Marcelo Meli (born 20 June 1992) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Boca Juniors.	Marcelo Meli	Boca Juniors
member of sports team	Robert Bartolomeu (born 3 December 1993) is a professional Czech football midfielder currently playing for FC Fastav Zlín.	Robert Bartolomeu	FC Fastav Zlín
member of sports team	Corbin Lacina (born November 2, 1970) is a former American football offensive lineman who played eleven seasons in the National Football League, mainly for the Buffalo Bills and Minnesota Vikings.	Corbin Lacina	Buffalo Bills	Minnesota Vikings
member of sports team	Luis Carlos Martín Asensio (born 16 December 1990), known as Luis Carlos or Luisito, is a Spanish footballer who plays for Novelda CF as a left winger.	Luis Carlos Martín	Novelda CF
member of sports team	Yannic Seidenberg (born January 11, 1984) is a German professional ice hockey left winger who currently plays for EHC München of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga.	Yannic Seidenberg	EHC München
member of sports team	Waldemar Nowicki has played a great deal of his career with B71 Sandoy, but has also played football for several Polish teams.	Waldemar Nowicki	B71 Sandoy
member of sports team	Khaled Al Zakiba is Qatari footballer who is a defender for Qatar SC.	Khaled Al Zakiba	Qatar SC
member of sports team	Jean-Christophe Lourde (born March 8, 1988 in Paris, France) is a French footballer of Mauritian descent who currently plays for French CFA side AFC Compiègne.	Jean-Christophe Lourde	AFC Compiègne
member of sports team	Alexandros Karachalios (Greek: Αλέξανδρος Καραχάλιος; born 20 October 1985) is a Greek footballer currently playing for Kalamata F.C. in the Football League 2 (Greece) as a right Winger.	Alexandros Karachalios	Kalamata F.C.
member of sports team	Din Sula (born 2 March 1998 in Brussels) is a Belgian football forward of Albanian origin who is currently playing for Oud-Heverlee Leuven in the Belgian Pro League.	Din Sula	Oud-Heverlee Leuven
member of sports team	Cyril Dreyer (born 19 March 1994) is a French footballer who plays for Spanish club Sporting de Gijón B as a central midfielder.	Cyril Dreyer	Sporting de Gijón B
member of sports team	Lane Caffaro (born March 5, 1984) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for the Hannover Indians in the German 2nd Bundesliga.	Lane Caffaro	Hannover Indians
member of sports team	Until his retirement in 1957, at the age of 34, Pahiño represented Deportivo de La Coruña (top division, three seasons) and Granada CF (Segunda División).	Pahiño	Deportivo de La Coruña	Granada CF
member of sports team	Mike Hoeffel (born April 9, 1989) is an American ice hockey Winger who currently plays for the Stavanger Oilers of the GET-ligaen (GET).	Mike Hoeffel	Stavanger Oilers
member of sports team	Nenad Stamenković (Serbian Cyrillic: Ненад Cтaмeнкoвић ; born 7 July 1977 in Niš) is a Serbian football defender He was playing for FK Radnički Niš in the Serbian SuperLiga.	Nenad Stamenković	FK Radnički Niš
member of sports team	Kyaw Ko Ko (Burmese: ကျော်ကိုကို; born 20 December 1992) is a footballer from Burma, and a striker for the Myanmar national football team and Yangon United F.C. He scored five goals in the 2011 Southeast Asian Games and helped the Myanmar U23 team to secure a third-place finish and a bronze medal.	Kyaw Ko Ko	Yangon United F.C.
member of sports team	Miroslav Grumić (Serbian Cyrillic: Mиpocлaв Гpумић ; born 29 June 1984 in Apatin) is a professional Serbian football striker who currently plays in the Hungarian First League club Diósgyőri VTK.	Miroslav Grumić	Diósgyőri VTK
member of sports team	Héctor Vilches (14 February 1926 -- 23 September 1998) was a Uruguayan footballer, born in Montevideo, who played for C.A. Cerro.	Héctor Vilches	C.A. Cerro
member of sports team	George Buehler played for the Oakland Raiders from 1969 to 1978.	George Buehler	Oakland Raiders
member of sports team	Arnold Bouka Moutou (born 28 November 1988) is a French-born Congolese footballer who plays as a midfielder for Angers SCO in Ligue 1.	Arnold Bouka Moutou	Angers SCO
member of sports team	Dean Biasucci (born July 25, 1962 in Niagara Falls, New York) is a former placekicker in the National Football League (NFL) who played for the Indianapolis Colts and the St. Louis Rams.	Dean Biasucci	Indianapolis Colts
member of sports team	Rade Karanfilovski (Macedonian: Раде Каранфиловски; born 3 July 1968) is a retired Macedonian football midfielder, who last played for FK Madžari Solidarnost, which was recently managed.	Rade Karanfilovski	FK Madžari Solidarnost
member of sports team	John Golden Richards (born December 31, 1950 in Salt Lake City, Utah) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver in the National Football League for eight seasons for the Dallas Cowboys and the Chicago Bears.	Golden Richards	Dallas Cowboys	Chicago Bears
member of sports team	Čedo Maras, born in Sinj (SR Croatia, SFR Yugoslavia) made his debut in the Yugoslav First League with NK Osijek in the 1978--79 season.	Čedo Maras	NK Osijek
member of sports team	Jadson de Brito Lima plays for Barretos Esporte Clube.	Jadson de Brito Lima	Barretos Esporte Clube
member of sports team	Bartosz Papka (born 12 September 1993) is a Polish footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Stomil Olsztyn on loan from Korona Kielce in the Ekstraklasa.	Bartosz Papka	Stomil Olsztyn
member of sports team	Noëlle Maritz (born 23 December 1995) is a Swiss football defender, playing for VfL Wolfsburg of the German Bundesliga.	Noëlle Maritz	VfL Wolfsburg
member of sports team	Diego Barrera (born March 25, 1987 in Bogota) is a Colombian-born American soccer player currently playing for Kaya F.C. in the United Football League in the Philippines.	Diego Barrera	Kaya F.C.
member of sports team	Romeo Bandison (born February 12, 1971 in The Hague, Netherlands) is a former American football defensive tackle in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins.	Romeo Bandison	Washington Redskins
member of sports team	Christian Pyagbara (born 24 December 1996) is a Nigerian professional footballer, who plays as a Forward for Sharks F.C..	Christian Pyagbara	Sharks F.C.
member of sports team	Florian Zellhofer (born 17 August 1988 in Scheibbs) is an Austrian footballer who currently plays as a striker for First Vienna FC.	Florian Zellhofer	First Vienna FC
member of sports team	Harry Shuman (March 5, 1915 -- October 25, 1996) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Pittsburgh Pirates (1942--43) and the Philadelphia Phillies (1944).	Harry Shuman	Pittsburgh Pirates	Philadelphia Phillies
member of sports team	Takudzwa Ngwenya (born 22 July 1985 in Harare, Zimbabwe) is a rugby union player who plays on the wing for the United States national rugby union team and French team Biarritz.	Takudzwa Ngwenya	United States national rugby union team
member of sports team	Dan Rogas is a former professional American football player who played offensive lineman for three seasons for the Detroit Lions and Philadelphia Eagles.	Dan Rogas	Detroit Lions	Philadelphia Eagles
member of sports team	Brodie Holland (born 3 January 1980) is a former professional Australian rules footballer and model best known for his playing days at the Collingwood Football Club in the Australian Football League.	Brodie Holland	Collingwood Football Club
member of sports team	Brendan Venter (born 29 December 1969, in Johannesburg, South Africa) is a former rugby union player who played at centre and also coached for London Irish.	Brendan Venter	London Irish
member of sports team	Armanizam Dolah is a Singaporean footballer who is unknown around the world thatplays for Woodlands Wellington FC in the S.League.	Armanizam Dolah	Woodlands Wellington FC
member of sports team	Martin Sonnenberg (born January 23, 1978 in Wetaskiwin, Alberta) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey forward who played three seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Pittsburgh Penguins and Calgary Flames.	Martin Sonnenberg	Pittsburgh Penguins	Calgary Flames
member of sports team	Didier Tayou (born 31 December 1988) is a Cameroonian football striker who plays for Victoria Hotspurs F.C. in the Maltese Gozo League First Division.	Didier Tayou	Victoria Hotspurs F.C.
member of sports team	Giakumis Kodogiannis (born April 13, 1992 in Valparaíso, Chile) is a Chilean footballer currently playing for San Luis de Quillota	Giakumis Kodogiannis	San Luis de Quillota
member of sports team	Rashid Sumaila (Arabic: راشد السوميلا‎; born 18 December 1992 in Cape Coast) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays for Asante Kotoko SC on loan from Mamelodi Sundowns F.C. as a centre-back and he is also a member of the Ghanaian national team.	Rashid Sumaila	Mamelodi Sundowns F.C.
member of sports team	Gabriel Boschilia (born 5 March 1996), known as Boschilia, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Belgian club Standard Liège as an attacking midfielder on loan from AS Monaco FC.	Gabriel Boschilia	Standard Liège
member of sports team	Stuart Rindy was a player in the National Football League for the Chicago Bears in 1987 as a tackle.	Stuart Rindy	Chicago Bears
member of sports team	Aleksandr Vyacheslavovich Zhirov (Russian: Александр Вячеславович Жиров; born 24 January 1991) is a Russian professional football player currently playing for FC Anzhi Makhachkala in the Russian Premier League.	Aleksandr Vyacheslavovich Zhirov	FC Anzhi Makhachkala
member of sports team	Pascal Trépanier (born April 9, 1973) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman who played in the National Hockey League with the Colorado Avalanche, Mighty Ducks of Anaheim and the Nashville Predators.	Pascal Trépanier	Colorado Avalanche	Nashville Predators
member of sports team	Péter Simek (born 30 January 1980 in Mór, Hungary) is a Hungarian football player, currently playing in Vasas SC.	Péter Simek	Vasas SC
member of sports team	Christopher Poulsen (born September 11, 1981) is a Danish professional football player, who currently plays as left back for Danish Superliga club Viborg FF. He previously played for Superliga clubs Silkeborg IF and FC Midtjylland.	Christopher Poulsen	Silkeborg IF	FC Midtjylland
member of sports team	Terence Kongolo (born 14 February 1994) is a Dutch footballer of Congolese descent who made his Eredivisie league debut for club Feyenoord during the 2011-12 season.	Terence Kongolo	Feyenoord
member of sports team	Marco Iván Pérez Riego (born 9 December 1987) is a Mexican footballer, who plays as defender for C.F. Pachuca in Liga MX.	Marco Iván Pérez	C.F. Pachuca
member of sports team	Andrés Felipe Acosta (born January 19, 1989) is a Colombian football goalkeeper, who currently plays for Llaneros F.C. in the Categoría Primera B.	Andrés Felipe Acosta	Llaneros F.C.
member of sports team	Amadou Diawara (born 17 July 1997) is a Guinean professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Bologna F.C. 1909.	Amadou Diawara	Bologna F.C. 1909
member of sports team	Patrice Lefebvre (born June 28, 1967 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian-born Italian former ice hockey forward who played three games in the National Hockey League for the Washington Capitals during the 1998--99 NHL season.	Patrice Lefebvre	Washington Capitals
member of sports team	Marie Ferdinand-Harris (born October 13, 1978) was an American professional basketball player of Haitian descent, most recently for the Phoenix Mercury in the Women's National Basketball Association.	Marie Ferdinand-Harris	Phoenix Mercury
member of sports team	Percy Adamson was an early twentieth-century American soccer player who was captain of the Brooklyn Field Club when it won the 1914 National Challenge Cup.	Percy Adamson	Brooklyn Field Club
member of sports team	David Diehl (/ˈdiːl/; born September 15, 1980) is a former American football offensive lineman who played his entire career with the New York Giants of the National Football League (NFL).	David Diehl	New York Giants
member of sports team	Reid Bailey (born May 28, 1956) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defencemen who played three seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Philadelphia Flyers, Toronto Maple Leafs and Hartford Whalers.	Reid Bailey	Philadelphia Flyers	Toronto Maple Leafs	Hartford Whalers
member of sports team	Trevor Hartley was born on 16 March 1947 in Doncaster, South Yorkshire and is a former English footballer with West Ham United and A.F.C. Bournemouth and football manager with A.F.C. Bournemouth and Tottenham Hotspur.	Trevor Hartley	A.F.C. Bournemouth
member of sports team	Jaroslav Zelený (born 20 August 1992) is a Czech football player who currently plays for FC Hradec Králové.	Jaroslav Zelený	FC Hradec Králové
member of sports team	David Scullion (born 27 April 1984 in Lurgan) is a Northern Irish footballer currently playing for Glentoran F.C. A midfielder who began his career at Portadown.	David Scullion	Glentoran F.C.
member of sports team	Dries Mertens (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈdris ˈmɛrtə(n)s), born 6 May 1987) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Napoli and the Belgium national team.	Dries Mertens	Napoli
member of sports team	Ryan Tucker (born June 12, 1975) is a retired offensive tackle who played for the St. Louis Rams and Cleveland Browns in the National Football League.	Ryan Tucker	Cleveland Browns
member of sports team	Godfred Saka (born 2 November 1988) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who currently plays as a right-back for Aduana Stars and the Ghana national football team.	Godfred Saka	Aduana Stars
member of sports team	John Henry Mills (born October 31, 1969 in Jacksonville, Florida) was an American football running back, linebacker and tight end in the NFL for the Houston Oilers, Oakland Raiders and the Minnesota Vikings.	John Henry Mills	Houston Oilers	Minnesota Vikings
member of sports team	Asier Goiria Etxebarria (born 19 September 1980 in Amorebieta-Etxano, Basque Country) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for SD Amorebieta as a striker.	Asier Goiria	SD Amorebieta
member of sports team	Marc Mboua (born 26 February 1987 in Yaoundé) is a Cameroonian football player who plays for Egyptian Premier League side Telephonat Bani Sweif.	Marc Mboua	Telephonat Bani Sweif
member of sports team	Andrew Wooten (born September 30, 1989) is an American professional soccer player who currently plays for SV Sandhausen in the German 2.	Andrew Wooten	SV Sandhausen
member of sports team	Arttu Luttinen (born September 3, 1983) is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for HIFK of the Liiga.	Arttu Luttinen	HIFK
member of sports team	Thornton Chandler is a former professional American football tight end who played five seasons for the Dallas Cowboys in the National Football League.	Thornton Chandler	Dallas Cowboys
member of sports team	Bence Horváth (born 12 June 1986 in Miskolc) is a Hungarian football (forward) player who currently plays for BFC Siófok.	Bence Horváth	BFC Siófok
member of sports team	Luka Rotković (Cyrillic: Лука Ротковић; born 5 July 1988 in Podgorica, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Montenegrin footballer who is currently playing for Kazakhstan Premier League side FC Okzhetpes.	Luka Rotković	FC Okzhetpes
member of sports team	Alan Aciar (born 12 February 1988) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays for Persija Jakarta as a defender.	Alan Aciar	Persija Jakarta
member of sports team	Thierry Collet is a Mauritian football player who currently plays for Pointe-aux-Sables Mates in the Mauritian Premier League and for the Mauritius national football team as a midfielder.	Thierry Collet	Pointe-aux-Sables Mates
member of sports team	Again a starter throughout most of the 2004--05 campaign, Costinha was sold to FC Dynamo Moscow in May 2005 for €4 million, alongside teammates Maniche and Giourkas Seitaridis, following Derlei (left in January).	Costinha	FC Dynamo Moscow
member of sports team	Pinoke McIntyre (born September 27, 1934) was a Canadian ice hockey player with the Trail Smoke Eaters.	Pinoke McIntyre	Trail Smoke Eaters
member of sports team	Raphael Cox (born July 7, 1986 in Tacoma, Washington) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Charlotte Independence in the USL.	Raphael Cox	Charlotte Independence
member of sports team	Marcin Łukaszewski (born March 15, 1978 in Bydgoszcz) is a Polish professional footballer who last played for Zawisza Bydgoszcz.	Marcin Łukaszewski	Zawisza Bydgoszcz
member of sports team	Denis Cyr (born February 4, 1961 in Verdun, Quebec) is a former professional ice hockey right winger who played in the National Hockey League for the Calgary Flames, Chicago Black Hawks, and St. Louis Blues.	Denis Cyr	Calgary Flames	St. Louis Blues
member of sports team	Temur Partsvania (Georgian: თემურ ფარცვანია,Ukrainian: Темур Рафієлович Парцванія, born 6 July 1991 in Tbilisi, Georgia) is a Ukrainian football defender who played for FC Olimpik Donetsk.	Temur Partsvania	FC Olimpik Donetsk
member of sports team	Raymond Ferguson (born 16 February 1941) is a Northern Irish former rugby union player with Ulster Rugby and a politician with the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP).	Raymond Ferguson	Ulster Rugby
member of sports team	Milan Mitrović began his professional career with FK Zemun before playing two years in the Serbian top flight with SuperLiga contender FK Rad.	Milan Mitrović	FK Zemun
member of sports team	Abdelkader Oueslati Kaabi (Arabic: عبد القادر الوسلاتي‎; born 7 October 1991), commonly known as Kader, is a Tunisian footballer who plays for Club Africain as a right back or winger.	Abdelkader Oueslati	Club Africain
member of sports team	Yevhen Makarenko (Ukrainian: Євген Олександрович Макаренко, born 21 May 1991 in Kyiv, Ukrainian SSR), is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for FC Dynamo Kyiv in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Yevhen Makarenko	FC Dynamo Kyiv
member of sports team	Nuno Miguel Monteiro Rocha (born 25 March 1992 in Praia) is a Cape Verdean professional footballer who plays for Romanian club CS Universitatea Craiova as a midfielder.	Nuno Miguel Monteiro Rocha	CS Universitatea Craiova
member of sports team	Kendale Liburd (born 9 July 1991 in Saint Kitts) is a Kittitian international footballer playing as a defender for St Thomas Strikers FC.	Kendale Liburd	St Thomas Strikers FC
member of sports team	Goran Bezina (born March 21, 1980 in Split, SR Croatia, Yugoslavia) is a Swiss-Croatian ice hockey player who played three games in the National Hockey League with the Phoenix Coyotes during the 2003--04 NHL season and currently playing for Genève-Servette HC in the National League A in Switzerland.	Goran Bezina	Genève-Servette HC
member of sports team	Elmin Marukić born in Novi Pazar, began his career in his native Serbia playing for the youth team of FK Novi Pazar.	Elmin Marukić	FK Novi Pazar
member of sports team	Guntars Silagailis (born 31 August 1984 in Rēzekne, Latvia) is a Latvian professional footballer, currently playing for Rēzeknes BJSS in the Latvian First League.	Guntars Silagailis	Rēzeknes BJSS
member of sports team	Marta Torrejón Moya (born 27 February 1990) is a Spanish football player who plays as a defender for FC Barcelona and the Spanish national team.	Marta Torrejón	FC Barcelona
member of sports team	Tan Sio Beng is an ex-Singapore international footballer who plays as a defender for NFL Division 2 side Admiralty FC.	Tan Sio Beng	Admiralty FC
member of sports team	Thomas Chad Beasley (born November 13, 1978 in Upper St. Clair, Pennsylvania) is a former American football offensive tackle in the National Football League for the Cleveland Browns.	Chad Beasley	Cleveland Browns
member of sports team	Egil á Bø (born 2 April 1974, né Egil Zachariasen) is a Faroese football defender who plays for EB/Streymur and the Faroe Islands national football team.	Egil á Bø	EB/Streymur
member of sports team	Teemu Elomo (born January 13, 1979) is a Finnish professional ice hockey player currently playing for Dragons de Rouen in the Frence Ligue Magnus.	Teemu Elomo	Dragons de Rouen
member of sports team	Lee Sang-hyeob (Hangul: 이상협; born 1 January 1990) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a Midfielder for FC Seoul in the K League Classic.	Lee Sang-hyeob	FC Seoul
member of sports team	Avtandil Ebralidze (born 3 October 1991 in Tbilisi) commonly known as Avto, is a Georgian footballer who plays for Gil Vicente F.C. as a winger.	Avtandil Ebralidze	Gil Vicente F.C.
member of sports team	Joseph Blandisi (born July 18, 1994) is a Canadian professional ice hockey Forward currently playing for the New Jersey Devils of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Joseph Blandisi	New Jersey Devils
member of sports team	Chris Stanley (born June 18, 1979) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is currently playing with the Fischtown Pinguins in the German 2nd Bundesliga.	Chris Stanley	Fischtown Pinguins
member of sports team	Goran Siljanovski (Macedonian: Горан Силјановски; born 1 July 1990 in Tetovo) is a Macedonian footballer who plays for FK Rabotnički as a defender.	Goran Siljanovski	FK Rabotnički
military branch	Commodore Dudley Wright Knox (21 June 1877 -- 11 June 1960) was an officer in the United States Navy during the Spanish--	Dudley Wright Knox	United States Navy
military branch	F (Sphinx) Parachute Battery Royal Horse Artillery is a close support battery of 7th Parachute Regiment Royal Horse Artillery, part of the Royal Horse Artillery of the British Army, currently based in Merville Barracks in Colchester.	F (Sphinx) Parachute Battery Royal Horse Artillery	British Army
military branch	John Huske (1692? -- 18 January 1761) was a British Army general known for his leadership at the Battle of Falkirk and the Battle of Culloden during the Jacobite Rebellion of 1745.	John Huske	British Army
military branch	Bennett Southwell GC (21 March 1913 -- 17 October 1940) was a member of a Royal Navy team carrying out bomb disposal when he was killed during the London blitz.	Bennett Southwell	Royal Navy
military branch	Steven L. Kwast is a Lieutenant General in the United States Air Force.	Steven L. Kwast	United States Air Force
military branch	Hans-Joachim Jabs (14 November 1917 -- 26 October 2003) was both a day and night fighter ace in the German Luftwaffe during World War II. 50 victories were scored.	Hans-Joachim Jabs	Luftwaffe
military branch	Kazimierz Porębski (November 15, 1872 - January 21, 1933) was a Polish career naval officer who rose to the position of admiral within the Imperial Russian Navy, and was subsequently the first commander-in-chief of the inter-war Polish Navy.	Kazimierz Porębski	Polish Navy
military branch	Jay R. Vargas (born July 29, 1938), is an American and a retired United States Marine Corps colonel who served in the Vietnam War.	Jay R. Vargas	United States Marine Corps
military branch	Commodore James Graham Goodenough CB CMG (3 December 1830 -- 20 August 1875) was an officer in the Royal Navy who went to become Commander-in-Chief, Australia Station.	James Graham Goodenough	Royal Navy
military branch	Hannah Witneg was an Irish woman who served in the Royal Marines for six years in the 1760s.	Hannah Witneg	Royal Marines
military branch	Benjamin Dutton, Jr., (April 3, 1883 - November 30, 1937) was a United States Navy Captain, expert navigator and author.	Benjamin Dutton, Jr.	United States Navy
military branch	Lt Colonel Cyril Bencraft Joly MC (9 September 1918 -- 2000) was a British Army officer, author and inventor.	Cyril Bencraft Joly	British Army
military branch	Field Marshal Frederick Rudolph Lambart, 10th Earl of Cavan KP, GCB, GCMG, GCVO, GBE, DL (16 October 1865 -- 28 August 1946) was a British Army officer and Chief of the Imperial General Staff.	Rudolph Lambart, 10th Earl of Cavan	British Army
military branch	James J. Carey (9 April 1939 - ) is a retired American Rear Admiral, United States Navy, born and raised in Berlin, Green Lake County, Wisconsin)).	James J. Carey	United States Navy
military branch	Henry Augustus Wise (May 24, 1819 -- April 3, 1869) author and United States Navy officer born in Brooklyn, New York, to George Stewart Wise and Catherine Standsberry.	Henry Augustus Wise	United States Navy
military branch	The 159th (Cheshire) Brigade was an infantry brigade formation of the British Army that saw service during the Great War.	159th (Cheshire) Brigade	British Army
military branch	Thomas Church Haskill Smith, or Thomas C. H. Smith, (1819-1897) was a lawyer and businessman, who served as a Brigadier General in the Union Army during the American Civil War and later as a Major and paymaster in the U. S. Army.	Thomas C. H. Smith	Union Army
military branch	Rear Admiral Maxine Conder was Director of the United States Navy Nurse Corps from 1975 to 1979.	Maxine Conder	United States Navy
military branch	The ``Finger-four'' formation (also known as the ``four finger formation''), is a flight formation used by fighter aircraft.	Finger-four	aircraft
military branch	Wing Commander Mark Henry Brown DFC* (9 October 1911 -- 12 November 1941), nicknamed Hilly, was the first Canadian pilot to become a fighter ace during World War II whilst with the Royal Air Force during the Battle of France.	Mark Henry Brown	Royal Air Force
military branch	The King's Own Yorkshire Light Infantry (KOYLI) was a light infantry regiment of the British Army.	King's Own Yorkshire Light Infantry	British Army
military branch	John Walter Ehle (May 11, 1873 -- July 25, 1927) was a Fireman First Class serving in the United States Navy during the Spanish--	John Walter Ehle	United States Navy
military branch	Air Chief Marshal Sir James Donald Innes Hardman, GBE, KCB, DFC (21 December 1899 -- 2 March 1982), known as Donald Hardman, was a senior Royal Air Force commander.	Donald Hardman	Royal Air Force
military branch	Jonathan Baker Moore was a politician and Union Army officer during the American Civil War.	Jonathan Baker Moore	Union Army
military branch	The 205th Independent Infantry Brigade (Home) was a short-lived Home Defence infantry brigade formation of the British Army during the Second World War.	205th Independent Infantry Brigade (Home)	British Army
military branch	Major Edward Nevil Macready (29 May 1798 -- 4 November 1848) was a British Army officer who served in India and during the Waterloo Campaign.	Edward Nevil Macready	British Army
military branch	Air Commodore Anthony Norman Davis DSO DFC (14 August 1918 -- 1988) was a British Royal Air Force officer who served as a pilot during the Second World War.	Anthony Norman Davis	Royal Air Force
military branch	Major-General Henry Richard Abadie CB (25 March 1841 -- 9 May 1915) was a British Army officer.	Henry Richard Abadie	British Army
military branch	Strike Fighter Squadron 102 (VFA-102) is a United States Navy Strike Fighter squadron based at Naval Air Facility Atsugi.	VFA-102	United States Navy
military branch	Colonel Lionel Beaumont-Thomas MC (1 August 1893 -- 7 December 1942) was a Welsh businessman, British Army officer and politician, who served as Conservative Member of Parliament for Birmingham King's Norton, from 1929 to 1935.	Lionel Beaumont-Thomas	British Army
military branch	The King's Regiment (Liverpool) was one of the oldest line infantry regiments of the British Army, having been formed in 1685 and numbered as the 8th (The King's) Regiment of Foot in 1751.	King's Regiment (Liverpool)	British Army
military branch	General Sir Kevin O'Donoghue, KCB, CBE (born 9 December 1947) is a retired British Army officer and former Chief of Defence Materiel.	Kevin O'Donoghue	British Army
military branch	Anthony Gale was the fourth Commandant of the United States Marine Corps and the only one ever fired.	Anthony Gale	United States Marine Corps
military branch	John Adams Webster (1789--1877) was a captain in the United States Navy, who, as a young third lieutenant, heard the sound of the British oars as its small flotilla approach Fort McHenry in Baltimore, September 13, 1814.	John Adams Webster	United States Navy
military branch	Vice Admiral Sir Benjamin Charles Stanley Martin KBE DSO (18 July 1891--3 June 1957) was a Royal Navy officer who was the first boy from the Royal Naval Hospital School, Greenwich, to reach flag rank in the Royal Navy.	Benjamin Charles Stanley Martin	Royal Navy
military branch	Walter Griffith (died 1779) was an officer of the Royal Navy during the American War of Independence.	Walter Griffith	Royal Navy
military branch	Nathan J. Lindsay (born 1936) is a retired Major General in the United States Air Force and a former astronaut.	Nathan J. Lindsay	United States Air Force
military branch	Vice Admiral Sir Michael Culme-Seymour, 4th Baronet KCB, MVO (29 August 1867 -- 2 April 1925) was an officer of the Royal Navy.	Sir Michael Culme-Seymour, 4th Baronet	Royal Navy
military branch	269 (West Riding) Battery Royal Artillery is part of 101st (Northumbrian) Regiment Royal Artillery, an artillery regiment of the British Army.	269 (West Riding) Battery Royal Artillery	British Army
military branch	The VP-26 ``Tridents'' are a United States Navy aircraft squadron based at Naval Air Station Jacksonville in Jacksonville, Florida, United States.	VP-26	United States Navy
military branch	Admiral Sir Manley Dixon, KCB (1760? -- 8 February 1837) was a prominent Royal Navy officer during the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries.	Manley Dixon	Royal Navy
military branch	Martin R. Steele is a retired United States Marine Corps lieutenant general.	Martin R. Steele	United States Marine Corps
military branch	Air Commodore Eric Burchmore, CBE, (18 June 1920 -- 11 October 1994) was a Royal Air Force officer with a long and distinguished career.	Eric Burchmore	Royal Air Force
military branch	Luke McNamee (April 4, 1871--December 30, 1952) was a United States Navy Admiral, businessman, and the 10th and 12th Naval Governor of Guam.	Luke McNamee	United States Navy
military branch	Roland R. Wright (30 March 1919 -- 19 October 2015) was a Brigadier General of the United States Air Force who was a pilot during World War II, the Korean War, and the Vietnam War.	Roland R. Wright	United States Air Force
military branch	Erich Handke (2 November 1920 -- 11 November 1987) was a highly decorated Oberfeldwebel in the Luftwaffe during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Erich Handke	Luftwaffe
military branch	John P. Jumper (born February 4, 1945) is a retired United States Air Force general, who served as 17th Chief of Staff of the United States Air Force from September 6, 2001 to September 2, 2005.	John P. Jumper	United States Air Force
military branch	Captain Harry Godfrey Massy-Miles MC (1886 -- 26 April 1918) was a British Army medical officer who was awarded the Military Cross for valour in the First World War.	Harry Godfrey Massy-Miles	British Army
military branch	The Grenadiers are an infantry regiment of the Indian Army, formerly part of the Bombay Army and later the pre-independence Indian Army, when the regiment was known as the 4th Bombay Grenadiers.	The Grenadiers	Indian Army
military branch	Captain Sir Houston French CVO (27 March 1853 -- 11 June 1932) was a British Army officer and an officer of the Yeomen of the Guard.	Houston French	British Army
military branch	Ernest Russell Lyon (19 December 1922 -- 27 July 1944) was a Flying Officer in 234 Squadron of the Royal Air Force during part of World War 2.	Ernest Russell Lyon	Royal Air Force
military branch	William D. Catto is a United States Marine Corps major general who is the Chief of Staff of the United States European Command.	William D. Catto	United States Marine Corps
military branch	Major-General Sir John Noble Kennedy GCMG, KCVO, KBE, CB, MC (1893--1970) was a British Army officer who served as Assistant Chief of the Imperial General Staff during World War II.	John Noble Kennedy	British Army
military branch	Air Force Space Command (AFSPC) is a major command of the United States Air Force, with its headquarters at Peterson Air Force Base, Colorado.	Air Force Space Command	United States Air Force
military branch	Helmut Kapp (born as Konstanty Kapuścik) was a member of the Gestapo during World War II. He was killed in 1943 by a partisan death squad in Jędrzejów, Poland.	Helmut Kapp	Gestapo
military branch	General Sir Cecil Frederick Nevil Macready, 1st Baronet, GCMG, KCB, PC (Ire) (7 May 1862 -- 9 January 1946), known as Sir Nevil Macready and affectionately as Make-Ready (close to the correct pronunciation of his name), was a British Army officer.	Nevil Macready	British Army
military branch	General Sir John Jeremy Mackenzie GCB, OBE, DL (born 11 February 1941) is a former British Army General who became Deputy Supreme Allied Commander Europe.	Jeremy Mackenzie	British Army
military branch	Khamis Gaddafi (27 May 1983 -- 29 August 2011) was the seventh and youngest son of former Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, and the military commander in charge of the Khamis Brigade of the Libyan Army.	Khamis Gaddafi	Libyan Army
military branch	Major-General Charles Jefferyes (other spellings exist; died 1765) was an officer of the British Army.	Charles Jefferyes	British Army
military branch	Admiral Lord Amelius Beauclerk GCB GCH FRS (23 May 1771 -- 10 December 1846) was a British Royal Navy officer.	Lord Amelius Beauclerk	Royal Navy
military branch	General Sir Charles Phibbs Jones GCB, CBE, MC (1906--1988) was a British Army general who reached high office in the 1950s.	Charles Phibbs Jones	British Army
military branch	Amasa Cobb (September 27, 1823 -- July 5, 1905) was a Republican Wisconsin politician and an officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War.	Amasa Cobb	Union Army
military branch	Norrbotten Brigade (Swedish: Norrbottensbrigaden), also IB 19, NB 19 or MekB 19, was a Swedish Army armoured brigade located in the province of Norrbotten.	Norrbotten Brigade	Swedish Army
military branch	Werner Mölders (18 March 1913 -- 22 November 1941) was a World War II German Luftwaffe pilot and the leading German fighter ace in the Spanish Civil War.	Werner Mölders	Luftwaffe
military branch	The 3rd Bombay European Regiment was disbanded in 1862 and incorporated into the British Army as the 109th Regiment of Foot.	3rd Bombay European Regiment	British Army
military branch	Charles Powell Hamilton (26 December 1747 -- 12 March 1825) was an officer of the Royal Navy, who saw service during the American War of Independence, and the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars, eventually rising to the rank of Admiral.	Charles Powell Hamilton	Royal Navy
military branch	Daniel S. Mastagni is a retired Rear Admiral (Lower Half) of the United States Navy Reserve who, from July to September 2003 served as Commander Naval Forces Korea.	Daniel S. Mastagni	United States Navy
military branch	Louis de Watteville (1776--1836), whose name was sometimes germanicised to Abraham Ludwig Karl von Wattenwyl was born in Switzerland but became a Major General in the British Army, and fought in the Napoleonic Wars and the War of 1812.	Louis de Watteville	British Army
military branch	Robert Boyd Brazier (June 13, 1916 -- June 4, 1942) was an Aviation Radioman in the United States Navy.	Robert Boyd Brazier	United States Navy
military branch	Robert Volz (born January 31, 1875) was a seaman serving in the United States Navy during the Spanish--	Robert Volz	United States Navy
military branch	Sir Charles Cunningham KCH (1755 -- 11 March 1834) was an officer of the Royal Navy during the late eighteenth and early nineteenth century.	Charles Cunningham	Royal Navy
military branch	Lieutenant-General Lammert Swart (1847 - Den Haag, January 16, 1909) was commander of the Royal Netherlands East Indies Army and Chief of the Department of War in the Dutch East Indies.	Lammert Swart	Royal Netherlands East Indies Army
military branch	General Sir Charles Harington Harington GCB, GBE, DSO (31 May 1872 -- 22 October 1940) was a British Army officer most noted for his service during the First World War and Chanak crisis.	Charles Harington Harington	British Army
mother	Theodore II Palaiologos was a son of the Eastern Roman Emperor Manuel II Palaiologos and his wife Helena Dragaš.	Theodore II Palaiologos	Helena Dragaš
mother	Charles, Margrave of Burgau, also known as Charles of Austria, (22 November 1560 at Bürglitz Castle in Bohemia -- 30 October 1618 in Überlingen), was the son of Archduke Ferdinand II of Austria and his first morganatic marriage to Philippine Welser.	Charles, Margrave of Burgau	Philippine Welser
mother	Arthur MacArthur IV (born February 21, 1938 in Manila, Philippines) is the only child of General of the Army Douglas MacArthur and Jean MacArthur.	Arthur MacArthur IV	Jean MacArthur
mother	Caterina Sforza was born in Milan in early 1463, the illegitimate daughter of Galeazzo Maria Sforza by his mistress, Lucrezia Landriani.	Caterina Sforza	Lucrezia Landriani
mother	Katia Mann (born Katharina Hedwig Pringsheim; July 24, 1883 -- April 25, 1980) was the youngest child and only daughter (among four sons) of the German Jewish mathematician and artist Alfred Pringsheim and his wife Hedwig Pringsheim, who was an actress in Berlin before her marriage.	Katia Mann	Hedwig Pringsheim
mother	William Fitz Robert, 2nd Earl of Gloucester (died 1183) was the son and heir of Sir Robert de Caen, 1st Earl of Gloucester, and Mabel FitzRobert of Gloucester, daughter of Robert Fitzhamon.	William Fitz Robert, 2nd Earl of Gloucester	Mabel FitzRobert of Gloucester
mother	Born María del Pilar Bardem Muñoz to performers Rafael Bardem and Matilde Muñoz Sampedro in Seville, Bardem began her screen career in 1965.	Pilar Bardem	Matilde Muñoz Sampedro
mother	Thomas Butler, Viscount Thurles (before 1596 -- 15 December 1619) was the son and heir apparent of Walter Butler, 11th Earl of Ormond (1559 -- 1632/3) (whom he predeceased) and the Honorable Helen Butler.	Thomas Butler, Viscount Thurles	Helen Butler
mother	Hongshi's mother was a Han Chinese woman surnamed Li (the later Consort Qi) who was a secondary consort to Yinzhen.	Hongshi	Consort Qi
mother	Henry FitzRoy, 1st Duke of Richmond and Somerset (15 June 1519 -- 23 July 1536), was the son of King Henry VIII of England and his mistress, Elizabeth Blount, and the only illegitimate offspring whom Henry VIII acknowledged.	Henry FitzRoy, 1st Duke of Richmond and Somerset	Elizabeth Blount
mother	Flavia Julia Constantia (after 293 -- c. 330) was the daughter of the Roman Emperor Constantius Chlorus and his second wife, Flavia Maximiana Theodora.	Flavia Julia Constantia	Flavia Maximiana Theodora
mother	Born in Lund, Måns Zelmerlöw is the son of Birgitta Sahlén, a professor at Lund University, and surgeon Sven-Olof Zelmerlöw.	Måns Zelmerlöw	Birgitta Sahlén
mother	His parents, Neocles and Chaerestrate, both Athenian-born, and his father a citizen, had emigrated to the Athenian settlement on the Aegean island of Samos about ten years before Epicurus's birth in February 341 BC. As a boy, he studied philosophy for four years under the Platonist teacher Pamphilus.	Epicurus	Chaerestrate
mother	In Greek mythology, Medus was the son of Medea.	Medus	Medea
mother	Gerhard VI of Jülich, Count of Berg and Ravensberg (c. 1325 -- 18 May 1360) was the son of William V, Duke of Jülich and Joanna of Hainaut.	Gerhard VI of Jülich, Count of Berg and Ravensberg	Joanna of Hainaut
mother	Julius Constantius (died September 337) was a politician of the Roman Empire and a member of the Constantinian dynasty, being a son of Emperor Constantius Chlorus and his second wife Flavia Maximiana Theodora, a younger half-brother of Emperor Constantine I and the father of Emperor Julian.	Julius Constantius	Flavia Maximiana Theodora
mother	Oscar Wilde was born at 21 Westland Row, Dublin (now home of the Oscar Wilde Centre, Trinity College), the second of three children born to Sir William Wilde and Jane Wilde, two years behind William (``Willie'').	Oscar Wilde	Jane Wilde
mother	Anne of Burgundy, Duchess of Bedford (French: Anne de Bourgogne) (30 September 1404 -- 14 November 1432) was a daughter of John the Fearless, Duke of Burgundy (1371--1419) and his wife Margaret of Bavaria (1363--1423).	Anne of Burgundy	Margaret of Bavaria
mother	Beyoncé said about her mother Tina Knowles that her gift was ``finding the best qualities in every human being.''	Beyoncé	Tina Knowles
mother	María de las Mercedes, Princess of Asturias (María de las Mercedes de Borbón y Habsburgo-Lorena) (11 September 1880 -- 17 October 1904), was the eldest daughter of King Alfonso XII of Spain and his second wife, Maria Christina of Austria.	Mercedes, Princess of Asturias	Maria Christina of Austria
mother	George Grey, 2nd Earl of Kent (1454 -- 25 December 1505) was the son of Edmund Grey, 1st Earl of Kent and Lady Katherine Percy.	George Grey, 2nd Earl of Kent	Lady Katherine Percy
mother	Madalsa Sharma was born on 26 September to film producer and director Subhash Sharma and actress Sheela Sharma.	Madalsa Sharma	Sheela Sharma
mother	Clovis Cornillac was born to actors Myriam Boyer and Roger Cornillac.	Clovis Cornillac	Myriam Boyer
mother	Dorothy Percy, Countess of Northumberland (formerly Perrot, née Devereux; c. 1564 -- 3 August 1619) was the younger daughter of Walter Devereux, 1st Earl of Essex by Lettice Knollys, and the wife of Henry Percy, 9th Earl of Northumberland.	Dorothy Percy, Countess of Northumberland	Lettice Knollys
mother	Cyrus the Younger (Old Persian: ), son of Darius II of Persia and Parysatis, was a Persian prince and general.	Cyrus the Younger	Parysatis
mother	Per Stig Møller is the son of the former Finance Minister Poul Møller and journalist Lis Møller, who were both Members of Parliament.	Per Stig Møller	Lis Møller
mother	Angela Coleman (born 1963 in Chicago, Illinois), daughter of New Orleans Fourth Municipal District Assessor Betty Jefferson, was one of four individuals indicted in 2009 by federal grand jury for the U.S. Justice Department's Eastern District of Louisiana.	Angela Coleman	Betty Jefferson
mother	John II Crispo (or Giovanni; 1388--1433) was the twelfth Duke of the Archipelago, etc., from 1418 to 1433, son of the tenth Duke Francesco I Crispo and wife Fiorenza I Sanudo, Lady of Milos and brother of Giacomo I and William II. He married ca.	John II Crispo	Fiorenza I Sanudo, Lady of Milos
mother	Eva Löwen was the daughter of Axel Löwen and Eva Horn af Ekebyholm and the grandchild of Arvid Horn, and the great grandchild of Christina Piper.	Eva Löwen	Eva Horn af Ekebyholm
mother	Jeanne of Dampierre (c. 1225--1245/1246) was the only daughter of Margaret II, Countess of Flanders and William II of Dampierre.	Jeanne of Dampierre	Margaret II, Countess of Flanders
mother	Carl Gustaf Tessin (5 September 1695 -- 7 January 1770) was a Swedish Count and politician and son of architect Nicodemus Tessin the Younger and Hedvig Eleonora Stenbock.	Carl Gustaf Tessin	Hedvig Eleonora Stenbock
mother	Julie Andrieu was born in Paris, the daughter of actress Nicole Courcel, married to a man much younger than her and who abandoned her during her pregnancy.	Julie Andrieu	Nicole Courcel
mother	Anthony Delon (born September 30, 1964) is a French-American actor, and son of actors Alain Delon and Nathalie Delon (Francine Canovas).	Anthony Delon	Nathalie Delon
mother	Alix Liddell was the daughter of Rose Kerr, a pioneer of GirlGuiding, and Admiral Mark Kerr, British Navy.	Alix Liddell	Rose Kerr
mother	Andronikos IV Palaiologos was the eldest son of Emperor John V Palaiologos by his wife Helena Kantakouzene.	Andronikos IV Palaiologos	Helena Kantakouzene
mother	Kim Jong-il's mother, Kim Jong-suk, was Kim Il-sung's first wife.	Kim Jong-il	Kim Jong-suk
mother	Cokie Roberts is the third child and youngest daughter of ambassador and long-time Democratic Congresswoman from Louisiana Lindy Boggs and of Hale Boggs, also a Democratic Congressman from Louisiana.	Cokie Roberts	Lindy Boggs
mouth of the watercourse	Mo River empties into Lake Volta in Ghana.	Mo River	Lake Volta
mouth of the watercourse	The Linth (pronounced (ˈlɪnt) ``lint'') is a Swiss river that rises near the village of Linthal in the mountains of the canton of Glarus, and eventually flows into the Obersee section of Lake Zurich.	Linth	Lake Zurich
mouth of the watercourse	The Hanalei River on the island of Kauaʻi in Hawaii flows north from the eastern slopes of Mount Waiʻaleʻale for 15.7 miles (25.3 km) until it reaches the Pacific Ocean at Hanalei Bay as an estuary.	Hanalei River	Pacific Ocean
mouth of the watercourse	Minnehaha Creek is a 22-mile-long (35 km) tributary of the Mississippi River that flows east from Gray's Bay Dam on Lake Minnetonka through the suburban cities of Minnetonka, Hopkins, Saint Louis Park, and Edina, and the city of Minneapolis.	Minnehaha Creek	Mississippi River
mouth of the watercourse	The river then drains southwards through Moora, flows westerly before joining with the Moore River East near Mogumber, then flows in a westerly direction over the Edengerie Cascade, through the northern edge of the Moore River Nature Reserve, then through the Gingin Scarp, discharging into the Indian Ocean at Guilderton.	Moore River	Indian Ocean
mouth of the watercourse	The Amisk River is a river in east-central Alberta in the basin of the Beaver River (Canada).	Amisk River	Beaver River
mouth of the watercourse	Wingecarribee River rises on the heights at Robertson below Wingecarribee Reservoir, near the village of Glenquarry, and flows generally northwest, joined by two minor tributaries and through the Belanglo State Forest and Bangadilly National Park, before reaching its confluence with the Wollondilly River north of the locality of Tugalong, northwest of Berrima.	Wingecarribee River	Wollondilly River
mouth of the watercourse	The Louts, is a left tributary of the Adour, in Aquitaine, in the Southwest of France.	Louts	Adour
mouth of the watercourse	The Lisitsa River, also known as Bolshaya Lisitsa River (Russian: Лисица, Большая Лисица), is a river in Tomsk Oblast in Russia, a right tributary of the Ket River (Ob basin).	Lisitsa River	Ket River
mouth of the watercourse	River Júcar flows first southward and then eastward through the towns of Cuenca, Alcalá del Júcar, Cofrentes, Alzira, Sueca and Cullera, a town located near its mouth into the Gulf of Valencia, Mediterranean Sea.	Júcar	Mediterranean Sea
mouth of the watercourse	The Appomattox River is a tributary of the James River, approximately 157 miles (253 km) long, in central and eastern Virginia in the United States, named for the Appomattocs Indian tribe who lived along its lower banks in the 17th century.	Appomattox River	James River
mouth of the watercourse	The Haine (French: Haine, Dutch: Hene, German: Henne) is a river in southern Belgium (Hainaut) and northern France (Nord), right tributary of the river Scheldt.	Haine	Scheldt
mouth of the watercourse	The Gediz River (Turkish: Gediz Nehri, Turkish pronunciation: (ˈɡediz)) is the second-largest river in Anatolia flowing into the Aegean Sea.	Gediz River	Aegean Sea
mouth of the watercourse	At 174 kilometres (108 mi) in length, the Huon River is the fourth longest in Tasmania with its course flowing east through the fertile Huon Valley and empties into the D’Entrecasteaux Channel before flowing into the Tasman Sea.	Huon River	Tasman Sea
mouth of the watercourse	Lidan flows into Vänern by Lidköping and therefore the name of the city Lid-köping.	Lidan	Vänern
mouth of the watercourse	Finally, the Tigris joins the Euphrates near al-Qurnah to form the Shatt-al-Arab.	Tigris	Shatt-al-Arab
mouth of the watercourse	The Wisłoka is a river in south-eastern Poland, a tributary of the Vistula river, with a length of 164 kilometres (102 miles) (26th longest) and the basin area of 4,110 square kilometres (1,587 sq mi).	Wisłoka	Vistula
mouth of the watercourse	The Ohio River, which streams westward from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, to Cairo, Illinois, is the largest tributary, by volume, of the Mississippi River in the United States.	Ohio River	Mississippi River
mouth of the watercourse	The Chichester River rises in the Chichester Range below Barrington Tops and east of Careys Peak, and flows generally southeast, joined by the Wangat River, before reaching its confluence with the Williams River at Bandon Grove, north northwest of Dungog.	Chichester River	Williams River
mouth of the watercourse	The Hezil Suyu river is not to be mistaken with the Little Khabur river which is tributary to the Tigris river and flows east of Zakho city and goes through the Zakho city joining its tributary the Hezil Suyu west of Zakho city.	Hezil Suyu	Khabur
mouth of the watercourse	The Johnston River rises on Ruby Plains Station, flows in a northerly direction for 46 km and discharges into the Elvire River in Elvire Gorge to the east of Halls Creek.	Johnston River	Elvire River
mouth of the watercourse	The Murat River (Turkish: Murat Nehri), or Eastern Euphrates is the major source of the Euphrates.	Murat River	Euphrates
mouth of the watercourse	Tobins River, a perennial stream of the Hastings River catchment, is located in the Northern Tablelands and Mid North Coast districts of New South Wales, Australia.	Tobins River	Hastings River
mouth of the watercourse	The Port River (34°45′S 138°30′E) is the western branch of the largest tidal estuary on the eastern side of Gulf St Vincent.	Port River	Gulf St Vincent
mouth of the watercourse	The Goorudee Rivulet rises below Bulgar Hill, part of Monaro Range, adjacent to the Snowy Mountains Highway, and flows generally east southeast before reaching its confluence with the Murrumbidgee River, north of Adaminaby.	Goorudee Rivulet	Murrumbidgee River
mouth of the watercourse	The Pend Oreille River is a tributary of the Columbia River, approximately 130 miles (209 km) long, in northern Idaho and northeastern Washington in the United States, as well as southeastern British Columbia in Canada.	Pend Oreille River	Columbia River
mouth of the watercourse	The Keele River is a tributary of the Mackenzie River, about 410 kilometres (250 mi) long, in the western part of the Canadian Northwest Territories.	Keele River	Mackenzie River
mouth of the watercourse	The Mun River (Thai: แม่น้ำมูล, rtgs: Maenam Mun, IPA: (mɛ̂ːnáːm muːn)), sometimes spelled Moon River, is a tributary of the Mekong River.	Mun River	Mekong River
mouth of the watercourse	The Wilge River (Afrikaans: Wilgerivier, meaning ``willow river'') is a tributary of the Vaal River in central South Africa.	Wilge River	Vaal River
mouth of the watercourse	The Calabar River in Cross River State, Nigeria flows from the north past the city of Calabar, joining the larger Cross River about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) to the south.	Calabar River	Cross River
mouth of the watercourse	The Red Volta is a river that flows through the Upper East region of North Ghana and the international border of North Ghana flowing about 320 km to join the White Volta in the Upper East region of North Ghana and arising in Burkina Faso.	Red Volta	White Volta
mouth of the watercourse	The Liswarta is a river in south-central Poland, a tributary of the Warta river.	Liswarta	Warta
mouth of the watercourse	The Onyx River is an Antarctic meltwater stream which flows westward through the Wright Valley from Wright Lower Glacier and Lake Brownworth at the foot of the glacier to Lake Vanda, during the few months of the Antarctic summer.	Onyx River	Lake Vanda
mouth of the watercourse	The Bukhan River (North Han River) is a tributary of the Han River that flows through both North and South Korea.	Bukhan River	Han River
mouth of the watercourse	The Michelsbach is a tributary of the River Rhine in the German region of South Palatinate.	Michelsbach	Rhine
mouth of the watercourse	The Odet is a river in western France (Finistère department), which runs from Saint-Goazec (near Leuhan, in the Montagnes Noires of Brittany) into the Atlantic Ocean at Bénodet.	Odet	Atlantic Ocean
mouth of the watercourse	White Volta flows through North Ghana and flows into Lake Volta in Ghana and arises in Burkina Faso.	White Volta	Lake Volta
mouth of the watercourse	The river flows generally south by east, then west, then generally south in a highly meandering course, joined by five tributaries including the Little Dargo River, before reaching its confluence with the Wonnangatta River, south of Dargo and north of the Mitchell River National Park, in the Shire of East Gippsland.	Dargo River	Wonnangatta River
mouth of the watercourse	Cetina descends from an altitude of 385 m at its source to the sea level when it flows into the Adriatic Sea.	Cetina	Adriatic Sea
mouth of the watercourse	Fort Nelson, a historic Hudson's Bay Company trading post, was located at the mouth of the Nelson River at Hudson Bay and was a key trading post in the early 18th century.	Nelson River	Hudson's Bay
mouth of the watercourse	Nizina River is the largest tributary of the Chitina River in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Nizina River	Chitina River
mouth of the watercourse	Arte River rises below Mount Kuark, in remote country in the Errinundra National Park, and flows generally south and then east, joined by the Little Arte River before reaching its confluence with the Goolengook River, northwest of the town of Cann River in the Shire of East Gippsland.	Arte River	Goolengook River
mouth of the watercourse	The Floyd River is a tributary of the Missouri River, 112 miles (180 km) long, in northwestern Iowa in the United States.	Floyd River	Missouri River
mouth of the watercourse	The Lachsbach, also called the Rathmannsdorfer Bach, is the largest, right-hand tributary of the Elbe in Saxon Switzerland.	Lachsbach	Elbe
mouth of the watercourse	Long Island Sound is a tidal estuary of the Atlantic Ocean, lying between the eastern shore of Bronx County, New York City, the southern shores of Westchester County and Connecticut, and the northern shore of Long Island.	Long Island Sound	Atlantic Ocean
mouth of the watercourse	The Ebrón River is a river of Spain, is a affluent of the Turia River.	Ebrón	Turia
mouth of the watercourse	The Ibaizabal river (wide river in Basque) drains southeastern Biscay to the Estuary of Bilbao.	Ibaizabal	Estuary of Bilbao
mouth of the watercourse	The Mooney Mooney Creek rises southeast of Central Mangrove below Peats Ridge, and flows generally south before reaching its confluence with the Hawkesbury River at the locality of Mooney Mooney.	Mooney Mooney Creek	Hawkesbury River
mouth of the watercourse	Crossing Creek is a creek in north west New South Wales, Australia that flows into Tycannah Creek.	Crossing Creek	Tycannah Creek
mouth of the watercourse	The West Dart River is one of the two main tributaries of the River Dart in Devon, England.	West Dart River	River Dart
mouth of the watercourse	The Ondaine or Ondenon is a river in the Loire department of France.	Ondaine	Loire
named after	USS Sea Devil (SSN-664), a Sturgeon-class attack submarine, was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the sea devil (Manta birostria), also known as the manta ray or devil ray, the largest of all living rays, noted for power and endurance.	USS Sea Devil (SSN-664)	Manta
narrative location	The Days of Being Dumb is a 1992 Hong Kong comedy film produced by Peter Chan, directed by Blackie Ko and starring Tony Leung Chiu-wai, Jacky Cheung, Eric Tsang (who also serves as the film's presenter), Kent Tong and actress Anita Yuen in her debut role.	The Days of Being Dumb	Hong Kong
narrative location	The Flaxton Boys is a British historical children's television series set in the West Riding of Yorkshire and covering a timespan of almost a century.	The Flaxton Boys	Yorkshire
narrative location	Barnaby Jones is a television detective series starring Buddy Ebsen and Lee Meriwether as a father and daughter-in-law who run a private detective firm in Los Angeles, California.	Barnaby Jones	Los Angeles
narrative location	I Really Hate My Job is the story of the lives of five women stuck working in a second-rate London restaurant with delusions of grandeur.	I Really Hate My Job	London
narrative location	The Tomorrow People operate out of a secret base, The lab, built in an abandoned London Underground station.	The Tomorrow People	London
narrative location	Johnny Tiger (1966) is a Florida Western film directed by Paul Wendkos, starring Robert Taylor, Chad Everett, and Geraldine Brooks.	Johnny Tiger	Florida
narrative location	The Millionairess is a 1960 British romantic comedy film set in London, directed by Anthony Asquith and starring Sophia Loren and Peter Sellers.	The Millionairess	London
narrative location	The Vulture's Eye is a 2004 horror film inspired by Bram Stoker's novel Dracula set in Virginia.	The Vulture's Eye	Virginia
narrative location	Cochise Hall is a dormitory at the University of Arizona in Tucson, Arizona, United States.	Cochise Hall	Arizona
narrative location	Charlie Chan at Treasure Island is a 1939 American film directed by Norman Foster, starring Sidney Toler as the fictional Chinese-American detective Charlie Chan, that takes place on Treasure Island during San Francisco's Golden Gate International Exposition.	Charlie Chan at Treasure Island	San Francisco
narrative location	The Jumping-Off Place is a children's novel by Marian Hurd McNeely about homesteading in South Dakota.	The Jumping-Off Place	South Dakota
narrative location	The Bank Job is a 2008 British crime film written by Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais, directed by Roger Donaldson, and starring Jason Statham, based on the 1971 Baker Street robbery in central London, from which the money and valuables stolen were never recovered.	The Bank Job	London
narrative location	Another Kind of Monday is a 1996 young-adult novel by the American writer William E. Coles, Jr. (1932--2005) set in 1990s Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Another Kind of Monday	Pittsburgh
narrative location	Rob-B-Hood (traditional Chinese: 寶貝計劃; simplified Chinese: 宝贝计划, also known as Robin-B-Hood) is a 2006 Hong Kong action comedy film written, produced and directed by Benny Chan, and starring Jackie Chan, Louis Koo, Yuen Biao and Michael Hui.	Rob-B-Hood	Hong Kong
narrative location	Walking and Talking is a story about two female best friends and how they deal with their changing relationship as one (Heche) prepares to get married and the other (Keener) struggles with single life in New York City.	Walking and Talking	New York City
narrative location	De l'autre côté du lit was filmed on location in Paris.	De l'autre côté du lit	Paris
narrative location	The Rat Race is a 1960 American drama film directed by Robert Mulligan and starring Tony Curtis and Debbie Reynolds as struggling young entertainment professionals in New York City.	The Rat Race	New York City
narrative location	Studio Wrestling was a live professional wrestling show broadcast from WIIC-TV Channel 11 in Pittsburgh every Saturday evening.	Studio Wrestling	Pittsburgh
narrative location	24 Hour Party People is a 2002 British comedy-drama film about Manchester's popular music community from 1976 to 1992, and specifically about Factory Records.	24 Hour Party People	Manchester
narrative location	Parts of The Sun Comes Up were filmed in Glenwood, California, and lumber from the set was used to build the last town post office.	The Sun Comes Up	California
narrative location	New Police Story is a 2004 Hong Kong action film produced and directed by Benny Chan, and also produced by and starring Jackie Chan.	New Police Story	Hong Kong
narrative location	The Crimson Pirate is set in the Caribbean late in the 18th century, on the fictional islands of Cobra and San Pero.	The Crimson Pirate	Caribbean
narrative location	The pair is in California, trying to hustle up the money to get back to New York by competing for the title of Miss Pacific Fleet.	Miss Pacific Fleet	California
narrative location	Me and My Moulton is a humorous autobiographical short film based on Kove's experiences as a 7-year-old girl in Norway, one of three sisters who long for a bicycle.	Me and My Moulton	Norway
narrative location	The Beast of Hollow Mountain is a 1956 Weird West movie about an American cowboy living in Mexico who discovers his missing cattle are being preyed upon by an Allosaurus.	The Beast of Hollow Mountain	Mexico
narrative location	An early high school drama, English teacher Greg Walker (Grigor Taylor) transfers from the country to Glenview High, a tough high school in Sydney.	Glenview High	Sydney
narrative location	DC Cupcakes is an American reality television series that follows sisters and business partners Sophie LaMontagne and Katherine Kallinis (later Berman) as they run Georgetown Cupcake, a small cupcakery located in Washington, D.C. The series premiered on TLC on July 16, 2010.	DC Cupcakes	Washington, D.C.
narrative location	A Friend of the Family is a novel by Lauren Grodstein which takes place in the modern day suburbia of Northern New Jersey where the main character, Pete Dizinoff, a skilled internist, lives in a large house with his wife Elaine and son Alec.	A Friend of the Family	New Jersey
narrative location	Gone with the Pope was shot on location in Los Angeles and Palm Springs, California, as well as in Las Vegas, Nevada and Rome, Italy.	Gone with the Pope	Los Angeles	California
native language	Joseph Fesch, Prince of France (January 3, 1763 -- May 13, 1839) was a French cardinal and diplomat, Prince of France and a member of the Imperial House of the First French Empire, Peer of France, Roman Prince, and the uncle of Napoleon Bonaparte.	Joseph Fesch	French
occupation	Carlyle Eubank is an American writer and screenwriter.	Carlyle Eubank	screenwriter
original network	Bay City Blues is an American comedy-drama series that aired on NBC from October to November 1983.	Bay City Blues	NBC
original network	In 1983, Chas & Dave presented their own variety show, made by LWT and broadcast on ITV, which was set in an East End pub. Episode 1: 21 May 1983, Appearing:	Chas & Dave	ITV
original network	Burger Land is an American food reality television series that premiered with two special episodes airing back-to-back on September 2, 2012 on the Travel Channel.	Burger Land	Travel Channel
original network	Amor Eterno Amor (Love, Eternal Love) is a Brazilian telenovela produced by Rede Globo and exhibited in the schedule of 18 hours.	Amor Eterno Amor	Rede Globo
original network	Third Watch is an American crime drama series which first aired on NBC from 1999 to 2005, for a total of 132 episodes, broadcast in six seasons of 22 episodes each.	Third Watch	NBC
original network	Mercy Point is an American science fiction series that ran from the fall of 1998 to the midsummer of 1999 on UPN.	Mercy Point	UPN
original network	The Mike Neun Show was a Canadian music variety television series which aired on CBC Television from 1970 to 1971.	The Mike Neun Show	CBC Television
original network	Two and a Half Men is an American television sitcom that began broadcast on CBS on September 22, 2003 and ended on February 19, 2015 after twelve seasons.	Two and a Half Men	CBS
original network	Finding Carter is an American teen drama television series that debuted on MTV on July 8, 2014.	Finding Carter	MTV
original network	¡Despierta América! (Spanish pronunciation: (desˈpjerta aˈmeɾika), Wake Up America!) is an American Spanish language morning television show airing on Univision.	¡Despierta América!	Univision
original network	King of Kensington is a Canadian television sitcom which aired on CBC Television from 1975 to 1980.	King of Kensington	CBC Television
original network	The Einstein Factor was an Australian television quiz show that was broadcast on ABC1.	The Einstein Factor	ABC1
original network	Castelo Rá-Tim-Bum (Portuguese pronunciation: (kaʃˈtɛlu ʁa.tʃĩˈbũ)) was a Brazilian children's program produced and broadcast by TV Cultura and the Network Service of Television.	Castelo Rá-Tim-Bum	TV Cultura
original network	The Goal Rush was a live ITV television programme that aired from 2001 to 2003 produced by Granada Television.	The Goal Rush	ITV
original network	The Face Is Familiar is an American game show which aired in color on CBS as a summer replacement show from May 7 to September 3, 1966.	The Face Is Familiar	CBS
original network	Clarke, Campbell & Co. is a Canadian experimental television series which aired on CBC Television in 1954.	Clarke, Campbell & Co.	CBC Television
original network	Totally in Tune is a reality series that aired on Disney Channel.	Totally in Tune	Disney Channel
original network	Lip Sync Battle is an American musical reality competition television series which premiered on April 2, 2015, on Spike cable network.	Lip Sync Battle	Spike
original network	Six by Sondheim is an HBO television documentary which pays tribute to Broadway composer and lyricist Stephen Sondheim.	Six by Sondheim	HBO
original network	American Ninja Challenge was a nationwide competition sponsored by G4 TV to send a number of American citizens to Japan to compete in the TBS hit TV show Sasuke (known as Ninja Warrior in US).	American Ninja Challenge	G4
original network	Britain's Great War is a British documentary television series that broadcast on BBC One 27 January 2014.	Britain's Great War	BBC One
original network	Wallace and Gromit's World of Invention is a BBC One science show featuring the animated claymation characters Wallace and Gromit, made by Aardman.	Wallace and Gromit's World of Invention	BBC One
original network	The series was originally run on Network Ten from 2004 to 2006 of which it then moved to Disney Channel, Wicked Science has also screened on ABC1 and ABC2 on 7:00am, Thursday.	Wicked Science	Network Ten
original network	Holby City styled as HOLBY CI+Y is a British medical drama television series that airs weekly on BBC One.	Holby City	BBC One
original network	Occasional Wife was an American sitcom that got aired on NBC on September 13, 1966, and ran until May 9, 1967 (reruns aired through August 1967).	Occasional Wife	NBC
original network	Cleghorne! is an American sitcom starring comedian Ellen Cleghorne that aired on The WB in 1995.	Cleghorne!	The WB
original network	Just Deal is a comedy-drama series that aired Saturday mornings on NBC as a part of the network's TNBC lineup.	Just Deal	NBC
original network	The Fifth Corner is an American television series which aired on NBC and produced by TriStar Television in 1992.	The Fifth Corner	NBC
original network	Walking in the Kingdom is an American religious TV show produced by Living Faith Television (LFTV) that began broadcasting on WLFG in Grundy, Virginia on October 13, 2005.	Walking in the Kingdom	WLFG
original network	His animated series Acadieman, began airing in late 2005, and can be seen on both Rogers TV and TV Rogers (both in English and French).	Acadieman	Rogers TV
original network	The Marsha Warfield Show is an American daytime talk show that aired for two seasons on NBC from 1990 to 1991.	The Marsha Warfield Show	NBC
original network	The Planet's Funniest Animals is an American television program featured on the Animal Planet cable channel.	The Planet's Funniest Animals	Animal Planet
original network	Harry's Girls is an American situation comedy which appeared on NBC from September 13, 1963, to January 3, 1964.	Harry's Girls	NBC
original network	The Single Guy is an American television sitcom that ran for two seasons on NBC, from September 1995 to April 1997.	The Single Guy	NBC
original network	Dame Chocolate (Spanish for Give Me Chocolate) is an American Spanish-language telenovela, which was produced by the United States-based television network Telemundo and aired from March 5 until October 5, 2007.	Dame Chocolate	Telemundo
original network	Pixelface was a CBBC children's sitcom.	Pixelface	CBBC
original network	X Femmes (English: X Women) is a French television series of short films shown on Canal+ in 2008--2009.	X Femmes	Canal+
original network	Rex Is Not Your Lawyer, from Universal Media Studios and BermanBraun, was first sold to NBC in Spring 2007 (on a ``first-look'' agreement through BermanBraun) but the production was stalled because of the Writer's Strike.	Rex Is Not Your Lawyer	NBC
original network	Ribeirão do Tempo (English: Stream of Time; International title: River of Intrigues) is a Brazilian telenovela created by Marcílio Moraes, it is produced and aired by Rede Record from May 18, 2010 to May 2, 2011.	Ribeirão do Tempo	Rede Record
original network	React to That (stylized as ReactToThat) is an American television series developed by Nick Cannon and Benny and Rafi Fine that airs on Nickelodeon.	React to That	Nickelodeon
original network	Life with Roger is an American sitcom that aired on The WB as part of its 1996--97 schedule.	Life with Roger	The WB
original network	Insane Coaster Wars is an American television series broadcast by Travel Channel that premiered on July 8, 2012, and has three completed seasons.	Insane Coaster Wars	Travel Channel
original network	Noah and Saskia is a 13-episode children's television program co-produced by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation and British Broadcasting Corporation.	Noah and Saskia	Australian Broadcasting Corporation
original network	Mr. Adams and Eve is an American sitcom that aired on CBS from January 1957 to July 1958.	Mr. Adams and Eve	CBS
original network	Twenty Good Years is an American sitcom that aired on NBC from October 11, 2006, until November 1, 2006.	Twenty Good Years	NBC
original network	ReGenesis is a Canadian television series produced by The Movie Network and Movie Central in conjunction with Shaftesbury Films.	ReGenesis	The Movie Network
original network	Chiquititas spawned two spin-offs, Rincón de Luz, which aired in 2003 on Canal 9 and a 2006 production, Chiquititas Sin Fin, which aired on Telefe.	Chiquititas	Telefe
original network	Akasya Durağı is a Turkish comedy television series on Kanal D, which initially broadcast in 2008 Nuri is a very old driver and when he become retired he start his own taxi company with money that earned for all of his life.	Akasya Durağı	Kanal D
original network	The Sharon Osbourne Show refers to either of two TV chat shows hosted by Sharon Osbourne -- the original US version, or the more recent UK (ITV) version.	The Sharon Osbourne Show	ITV
original network	Club Oasis is a 24-episode half-hour comedy-variety show, set in a chic simulated nightclub, which appeared on NBC in the 1957--1958 television season.	Club Oasis	NBC
original network	Harry's Game was a British television drama mini-series made by Yorkshire Television for ITV in 1982, based on the 1975 novel of the same name by Gerald Seymour.	Harry's Game	ITV
original network	Hotel Room is an American drama series that aired for three episodes on HBO from January 8 to 9, 1993.	Hotel Room	HBO
original network	Conan and the Young Warriors is a 1994 television cartoon series produced by Sunbow Entertainment and aired by CBS aired as a sequel to the animated series Conan the Adventurer, but featuring a different set of characters (besides Conan).	Conan and the Young Warriors	CBS
original network	Hot Package is an Adult Swim entertainment variety show, created by Derrick Beckles.	Hot Package	Adult Swim
original network	Grindl is an American situation comedy that began in the fall of 1963 on NBC, originally sponsored by Procter & Gamble.	Grindl	NBC
original network	Punchlines was a comedy panel game show that aired on ITV from 3 January 1981 to 22 December 1984 and was hosted by Lennie Bennett.	Punchlines	ITV
original network	The Bigelow Theatre (also known as Bigelow-Sanford Theater and as Hollywood Half Hour and Marquee Theater in syndication) is an American anthology series originally broadcast on CBS Television and on the DuMont Television Network.	The Bigelow Theatre	CBS
original network	Adventures in Jazz is a 1949 CBS television show.	Adventures in Jazz	CBS
original network	Report Card for Parents was a DuMont Television Network panel discussion show on child behavior which aired Mondays at 8pm ET from December 1, 1952 to February 2, 1953.	Report Card for Parents	DuMont Television Network
original network	Radha Hi Bawari is a romantic drama on Zee Marathi televised every Monday to Saturday at 7:30pm.	Radha Hi Bawari	Zee Marathi
original network	Xtreme 4x4 is a half hour series airing on Spike TV that began in January 2005 as part of Spike's weekend Powerblock line up.	Xtreme 4x4	Spike
original network	MTV Halo-Halo is a Filipino music video television program owned by MTV Pinoy, a 24-hour music/entertainment television network owned by MTV Networks Asia Pacific.	MTV Halo-Halo	MTV Pinoy
original network	Road Hockey Rumble is a half-hour reality series produced by Paperny Entertainment and broadcast on OLN.	Road Hockey Rumble	OLN
original network	The Superior Sex was a Canadian game show television series which aired on CBC Television in 1961.	The Superior Sex	CBC Television
original network	Tattingers (later Tattinger's) is an American comedy-drama series that aired by the NBC television network as part of its 1988 fall lineup.	Tattingers	NBC
original network	Airport Live was a live television programme broadcast on BBC Two over four nights from 17 June 2013.	Airport Live	BBC Two
original network	Wendell & Vinnie is an American sitcom television series that premiered on Nickelodeon on February 16, 2013 and ran until September 22, 2013.	Wendell & Vinnie	Nickelodeon
original network	King & Maxwell is an American drama television series that debuted on June 10, 2013, and aired on TNT.	King & Maxwell	TNT
original network	Volcano Live was a live television programme broadcast on BBC Two from 9 July 2012.	Volcano Live	BBC Two
original network	Spotlight on Film was a Canadian film informational television series which aired on CBC Television in 1969.	Spotlight on Film	CBC Television
original network	The Disney's Friends for Change Games are Olympic-based televised games aired on the Disney Channel and part of the station's Friends for Change initiative.	Disney's Friends for Change Games	Disney Channel
original network	A Brush with Fame is a light hearted ITV daytime television show, featuring a nationwide search to find Britain's best amateur portrait painter.	A Brush with Fame	ITV
original network	W.E.B. is an American TV series that aired for less than a month on NBC in 1978.	W.E.B.	NBC
original network	Reef Doctors was an Australian television drama series that premiered on Network Ten on 9 June 2013.	Reef Doctors	Network Ten
original network	Time Was is a documentary television series that premiered on HBO on November 11, 1979.	Time Was	HBO
original network	First Outlook was a morning weather program produced by The Weather Channel, an American television station.	First Outlook	The Weather Channel
original network	Vinterkrysset is a wintertime spin-off variation on Sommarkrysset, the program has been broadcast in two rounds on TV4.	Sommarkrysset	TV4
original network	You Should Be So Lucky! was a BBC children's television programme broadcast in 1986/87.	You Should Be So Lucky	BBC
original network	Time Team is a British television series that originally aired on British Channel 4 from 1994 to 2014.	Time Team	Channel 4
original network	Pig Goat Banana Cricket (also abbreviated as PGBC) is an American animated television series created by Dave Cooper and Johnny Ryan for Nickelodeon.	Pig Goat Banana Cricket	Nickelodeon
original network	Playboy Prime is an adult reality compilation series of Playboy TV programming.	Playboy Prime	Playboy TV
original network	Alcanzar una estrella (``To reach a star'') is a Mexican telenovela first broadcast on Canal de las Estrellas in 1990.	Alcanzar una estrella	Canal de las Estrellas
original network	Kabhi To Milenge is an Indian television series that aired on Zee TV based on the story of a woman who has been wrongly convicted for the murder of her own husband.	Kabhi To Milenge	Zee TV
original network	The PBA on Vintage Sports was a presentation of Philippine Basketball Association games by Vintage Sports, a sports-oriented media company on Philippine television networks Banahaw Broadcasting Corporation from 1982 to 1984, People's Television Network from 1984 to 1995, and Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation from 1996 to 1999.	PBA on Vintage Sports	Banahaw Broadcasting Corporation
original network	Kyle XY is an American science fiction television series produced by ABC Family.	Kyle XY	ABC Family
original network	Monster Warriors is an original Canadian television series, which airs on YTV in Canada, and also on Jetix since April 2006 in the United Kingdom.	Monster Warriors	YTV
original network	Cool McCool was an animated series that ran on NBC from September 10, 1966 to August 30, 1969 with three segments per show, running to 60 segments in all.	Cool McCool	NBC
original network	El Juramento (The Promise) is the title of a Spanish-language telenovela produced by the United States-based television network Telemundo.	El Juramento	Telemundo
original network	It's Not Easy Being Green is a television series on BBC Two starring Dick Strawbridge and focusing on how to live an environmentally friendly, low impact life.	It's Not Easy Being Green	BBC
original network	Medcezir (English: ``Tide'') is a Turkish teen drama television series first aired on Star TV from September 13, 2013.	Medcezir	Star TV
original network	The first episode of Citizen Khan was first broadcast on BBC One on 27 August 2012, in a late timeslot of 10:20pm.	Citizen Khan	BBC One
original network	Graduados (English: The Graduates) is a 2012 Argentine telenovela which was broadcast by Telefe from March 12 to December 19.	Graduados	Telefe
original network	Perhaps due to scheduling competition from other networks (NBC's Top 20 hit Unsolved Mysteries and ABC's Top 30 hits Growing Pains and Head of the Class), A Peaceable Kingdom was a ratings failure and CBS cancelled the series after seven episodes.	A Peaceable Kingdom	CBS
original network	Bom Dia Rio (Portuguese for Good Morning Rio) is a Brazilian news showed by local station of Rede Globo in Rio de Janeiro, presented by Flávio Fachel.	Bom Dia Rio	Rede Globo
original network	Canadian Authors is a Canadian biographical television series which aired on CBC Television in 1978.	Canadian Authors	CBC Television
original network	Fabulous Funnies is a Filmation cartoon series on NBC that ran for one season in 1978; it features animated versions of newspaper comic strips and attempted to teach moral lessons to children.	Fabulous Funnies	NBC
original network	No Béarla is a four-part documentary style programme broadcast on Irish language television channel TG4 and produced by Dearg Films RTÉ/TG4.	No Béarla	TG4
original network	Wunderkind Little Amadeus, commonly referred to as Little Amadeus, is a German animated television series (known as ``The Adventures of Young Mozart'') that debuted on PBS Kids Go! on September 7, 2008 through March 1, 2009.	Wunderkind Little Amadeus	PBS Kids Go
original network	This Hour Has Seven Days is a controversial CBC Television newsmagazine which ran from 1964 to 1966.	This Hour Has Seven Days	CBC Television
original network	Jack's Big Music Show is an American musical children's television series originally airing on the Nick Jr. television network.	Jack's Big Music Show	Nick Jr.
original network	Hasratein (Desires) is an Indian television soap opera that was telecast on Zee TV in the mid 1990s.	Hasratein	Zee TV
original network	Motormouth was a Saturday morning children's television series that was produced by Television South and aired across the ITV network for four series, running between 3 September 1988 and 4 April 1992.	Motormouth	ITV
original network	Ritmo Deportivo (translated as Sporty Rhythm in English) is a weekly television series airing Saturdays at 5pm/4C on Spanish-language network Telemundo, part of the NBC Deportes line of programming.	Ritmo Deportivo	Telemundo
original network	The World Around Us was an Australian documentary television series that aired on the Seven Network between 1979 until 2006.	The World Around Us	Seven Network
original network	Maging Sino Ka Man (lit. Whoever You May Be) was a critically acclaimed Filipino primetime drama series that premiered on ABS-CBN on October 9, 2006.	Maging Sino Ka Man	ABS-CBN
original network	I Just Want My Pants Back is an American comedy-drama that premiered with a special sneak peek on August 28, 2011 on MTV, with the series airing the new episodes beginning on February 2, 2012.	I Just Want My Pants Back	MTV
original network	That Peter Kay Thing is a series of six spoof documentaries shown on Channel 4 in January 1999.	That Peter Kay Thing	Channel 4
original network	Butternut Square was a Canadian children's television series which aired on CBC Television between October 19, 1964 and February 10, 1967.	Butternut Square	CBC Television
original network	Alan Watts on Living was a Canadian television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1971.	Alan Watts on Living	CBC Television
original network	Saving Kids is an Australian medical documentary television series that screened on Network Ten in 2008.	Saving Kids	Network Ten
original network	Lemur Street is a British television show produced by Oxford Scientific Films for Animal Planet International which is based on the successful format of Meerkat Manor.	Lemur Street	Animal Planet
original network	Berlin, Berlin is a television series produced for the ARD.	Berlin, Berlin	ARD
original network	The series was produced by 'Spitting Image Productions' for Central Independent Television over 18 series which aired on the ITV network.	Spitting Image	ITV
original network	El Pantera (In English, The Panther) is a Mexican television series released by Canal 5.	El Pantera	Canal 5
original network	Consider Your Verdict is an Australian television series made by Crawford Productions for the Seven Network originally screening from February 1961 through to June 1964.	Consider Your Verdict	Seven Network
original network	Ghar Ki Lakshmi Betiyann (also known as Betiyann) (International Title:Destiny) is a Hindi language television drama-series that aired on Zee TV.	Ghar Ki Lakshmi Betiyann	Zee TV
original network	Nissaga de poder (English: Lineage of power) was a Catalan TV soap opera which was broadcast on TV3 from 1996 to 1998.	Nissaga de poder	TV3
original network	Midnight Caller is a dramatic NBC television series created by Richard DiLello, which ran from 1988 to 1991.	Midnight Caller	NBC
original network	Kaleidosport is a Canadian sports television series which aired on CBC Television from 1967 to 1972.	Kaleidosport	CBC Television
original network	The 7 O'Clock News was the main news programme, broadcast each weekday at 7:00pm, on British digital television channel BBC Three between 9 February 2003 to 2 December 2005.	The 7 O'Clock News	BBC Three
original network	The Gentle Touch is a British police drama television series made by London Weekend Television for ITV which ran from 1980--84.	The Gentle Touch	ITV
original network	Makuha Ka sa Tikim (English: Be Taken With The Taste) is a cooking-reality TV program of ABS-CBN in partnership with Knorr, a cooking product of Unilever Philippines.	Makuha Ka sa Tikim	ABS-CBN
original network	The Kaiser Aluminum Hour is a dramatic anthology television series which was broadcast in prime time in the United States during the 1956-57 season by NBC.	The Kaiser Aluminum Hour	NBC
original network	Maalaala Mo Kaya (English: ``Would you remember?''; abbreviated as MMK) is a Philippine drama anthology series broadcast on ABS-CBN every Saturday evenings after Dance Kids and before Pilipinas Got Talent (season 5) and is hosted by Charo Santos-Concio.	Maalaala Mo Kaya	ABS-CBN
original network	Emergency Vets is a reality television series that airs on the U.S. cable network Animal Planet.	Emergency Vets	Animal Planet
original network	Stroker and Hoop is an American Adobe Flash animated television series on Cartoon Network's late night programming block, Adult Swim.	Stroker and Hoop	Adult Swim
original network	Inspector George Gently (titled George Gently for the pilot and first series) is a British television series produced by Company Pictures for BBC One, set in the 1960s and based on some of the 46 Inspector Gently novels written by Alan Hunter.	Inspector George Gently	BBC One
original network	Kevin Hill is an American legal drama that aired on UPN during the 2004--2005 TV season.	Kevin Hill	UPN
parent taxon	The Ethiopian white-footed mouse or White-footed stenocephalemys (Stenocephalemys albipes) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Ethiopian white-footed mouse	Stenocephalemys
participant of	Khassaraporn Suta (Thai: เกษราภรณ์ สุตา; born December 12, 1971) is a Thai weightlifter who competed in the women's 58 kg at the 2000 Summer Olympics and won the bronze medal with a combined lift of 210.0 kg.	Khassaraporn Suta	2000 Summer Olympics
performer	Our Finest Flowers is an album by The Residents, released in 1992.	Our Finest Flowers	The Residents
place of death	Harry Plate (* 18 October 1853 in Hanover; † 29 April 1939 in Hanover) was a German tinsmith and long time member of the Hanover chamber of artisans.	Harry Plate	Hanover
place of death	Pirro Del Balzo (sometimes Del Balzo Orsini; c. 1430 - 24 December 1491) was a southern Italian nobleman, a protagonist of resistance against the House of Aragon kings of Naples and Sicily.	Pirro Del Balzo	Naples
place of death	Baldwin Wake Walker died on 12 February 1876 at his house in Diss, Norfolk.	Baldwin Wake Walker	Diss
place of death	Lee Kok Cheong (1939 -- December 14, 1993) was the Head of the English Proficiency Unit at the National University of Singapore.	Lee Kok Cheong	Singapore
place of death	Claude Fayette Bragdon (August 1, 1866 -- 1946) was an American architect, writer, and stage designer based in Rochester, New York, up to World War I, then in New York City.	Claude Fayette Bragdon	New York City
place of death	Josefina Pla (9 November 1903 in Isla de Lobos, Canary Island, Spain -- 11 January 1999 in Asunción, Paraguay) was a Spanish poet, playwright, art critic, painter and journalist.	Josefina Pla	Asunción
place of death	August Friedrich Christian Vilmar, German Neo-Lutheran theologian; born at Solz (near Rotenburg, 78 m. NE of Frankfurt) November 21, 1800; died at Marburg July 30, 1868.	August Friedrich Christian Vilmar	Marburg
place of death	In 1860 Lewis B. Gunckel married Catharine Winters, a daughter of Valentine Winters a prominent capitalist and banker of Dayton.	Lewis B. Gunckel	Dayton
place of death	In 1926, Achille Starace once again became Vice-Secretary of the PNF, and, in 1928, he was appointed Secretary of the Milan branch of the party.	Achille Starace	Milan
place of death	Pedro Virgili (Catalan: Pere Virgili i Bellver) (Vilallonga del Camp, Tarragona, 1699 -- Barcelona, 1776) was one of the most prominent royal surgeons of Spain in the 18th century and one of the surgeons of the King of Spain.	Pedro Virgili	Barcelona
place of death	Giovanni Carestini (c. 1704 in Filottrano, near Ancona -- c. 1760) was an Italian castrato of the 18th century, who sang in the operas and oratorios of George Frideric Handel.	Giovanni Carestini	Filottrano
place of death	Arthur Danto died on October 25, 2013, aged 89 in Manhattan, New York City.	Arthur Danto	New York City
place of death	Karl Doppler (September 12, 1825, Lemberg -- March 10, 1900, Stuttgart) was a Hungarian flute virtuoso, conductor, music director, composer.	Karl Doppler	Stuttgart
place of death	Giuseppe Seguenza (Messina, June 8, 1833 - Messina, February 3, 1889) was an Italian naturalist and geologist.	Giuseppe Seguenza	Messina
place of death	Karel Pippich (21 April 1849 in Zlonice -- 29 March 1921 in Chrudim) was a Czech lawyer, Sokol organizer and writer.	Karel Pippich	Chrudim
place of death	Obadiah Bowne (May 19, 1822 -- April 27, 1874) was an American politician and a United States Representative from New York.	Obadiah Bowne	New York
place of death	Philip William August, Count Palatine of Neuburg (born 19 November 1668 in Neuburg an der Donau; died: 5 April 1693 in Zákupy (German: Reichstadt)) was a Prince and Count Palatine of Neuburg.	Philip William August, Count Palatine of Neuburg	Zákupy
place of death	Joaquim Heliodoro da Cunha Rivara (23 June 1809 in Arraiolos -- 20 February 1879 in Évora) was a Portuguese physician, professor, intellectual and politician.	Joaquim Heliodoro da Cunha Rivara	Évora
place of death	Rüdiger Butte (17 May 1949, Lüthorst, Germany -- 26 April 2013, Hamelin) was a German detective and politician (SPD), who was councillor of the district of Hamelin-Pyrmont, and previously Director of the State Office of Criminal Investigation of Lower Saxony, until his violent death.	Rüdiger Butte	Hamelin
place of death	Hans-Wilhelm Koepcke (13 June 1914 in Saatzig, German Empire -- 21 November 2000 in Hamburg, Germany) was a zoologist, ornithologist, and herpetologist.	Hans-Wilhelm Koepcke	Hamburg
place of death	Colin Archer (22 July 1832 -- 8 February 1921) was a Norwegian naval architect and shipbuilder from Larvik, Norway.	Colin Archer	Larvik
place of death	Jean Louis Tocqué was born on 19 November 1696 in Paris, capital of the Kingdom of France.	Louis Tocqué	Paris
place of death	Moses ibn Tibbon (born in Marseille; flourished between 1240 and 1283) was a Jewish physician, author and translator in Provence.	Moses ibn Tibbon	Marseille
place of death	Heinrich Brück (25 October 1831, Bingen -- 4 November 1903) was a German Catholic church historian, and Bishop of Mainz.	Heinrich Brück	Mainz
place of death	Wilhelm Michel (born in Metz on 9 August 1877; died in Darmstadt on 16 April 1942) was a German writer who won the 1925 Georg Büchner Prize.	Wilhelm Michel	Darmstadt
place of death	Stanisław Ossowski (Lipno, 22 May 1897 -- 7 November 1963, Warsaw) was one of Poland's most important sociologists.	Stanisław Ossowski	Warsaw
place of death	Frantsishak Alyakhnovich (March 9, 1883, Vilnius -- March 3, 1944, Vilnius, Belarusian: Францішак Аляхновіч, Polish: Franciszek Olechnowicz, Czech: František Olechnovič) was a Belarusian writer, journalist and Gulag survivor of Polish and Czech origins.	Frantsishak Alyakhnovich	Vilnius
place of death	Stephan Praetorius (or Prætorius) (German: Stephan Prätorius) (May 3, 1536, Salzwedel -- May 4, 1603, Salzwedel) was a German Lutheran theologian and pastor.	Stephan Praetorius	Salzwedel
place of death	Samuel Azu Crabbe died on 15 September 2005 at Aburi in the Eastern Region of Ghana.	Samuel Azu Crabbe	Aburi
place of death	Since 2002 the Nadia Reisenberg Recital Award sponsored by The Nadia Reisenberg & Clara Rockmore Foundation takes place every two years at Mannes College in New York City.	Nadia Reisenberg	New York City
place of death	Hedvig Charlotta Djurström, née Hoffman, (14 May 1807, Kalmar -- 19 May 1877, Norrköping), was a Swedish actress.	Charlotta Djurström	Norrköping
place of death	In 1934, Ahmad Javad returned to Baku, worked as an editor of translation department of ``Azernashr'' Publishing House.	Ahmad Javad	Baku
place of death	Stanisław Bonifacy Jundziłł or, in Lithuanian, Stanislovas Bonifacas Jundzilas (6 May 1761, Jasiańce, Voranava District - 15 April 1847, Vilnius) was a Polish-Lithuanian priest, botanist, educator and diarist who lectured at the University of Vilnius.	Stanisław Bonifacy Jundziłł	Vilnius
place of death	Zacharias Longuelune (1669--November 30, 1748) was a French architect and master builder who worked in the second half of his life for the royal court in Dresden.	Zacharias Longuelune	Dresden
place of death	Imants Kokars (16 August 1921, Gulbene, Latvia -- 24 November 2011, Riga, Latvia) was a Latvian pedagogue and conductor.	Imants Kokars	Riga
place of death	Hermann Guthe (May 10, 1849, Westerlinde - August 11, 1936, Leipzig) was a German Semitic scholar.	Hermann Guthe	Leipzig
place of death	Lorenzo Milani was born in Florence in 1923 to a rich middle-class family (see the excellent biography by Neera Fallaci, 1993).	Lorenzo Milani	Florence
place of death	Walter Wreszinski (March 18, 1880, in Mogilno (now Poland) -- 9 April 1935) was a German Egyptologist and professor at Albertus University of Königsberg.	Walter Wreszinski	Königsberg
place of death	Francisco García Calderón Rey (April 8, 1883 in Valparaíso, Chile -- July 1, 1953 in Lima, Peru) was a Peruvian writer.	Francisco García Calderón Rey	Lima
place of death	Paul Tatum (1955-1996) was an American businessman who was killed on November 3, 1996, in a Moscow metro station close to his hotel.	Paul Tatum	Moscow
place of death	George Grosz (July 26, 1893 -- July 6, 1959) was a German artist known especially for his caricatural drawings and paintings of Berlin life in the 1920s.	George Grosz	Berlin
place of death	Benjamin Eugène Fichel (30 August 1826 Paris - 2 February 1895 Paris) son of Moise Mayer Fichel and Lili Abigail Sasias, was a French painter.	Eugène Fichel	Paris
place of death	Salvador de Menezes Drummond Furtado de Mendonça (Itaboraí, July 21, 1841 -- Rio de Janeiro, December 5, 1913), known as Salvador de Mendonça, was a Brazilian lawyer, journalist, diplomat and writer.	Salvador de Mendonça	Rio de Janeiro
place of death	Princess Anne of Löwenstein-Wertheim-Freudenberg (German: Anne Prinzessin zu Löwenstein-Wertheim-Freudenberg) (née Lady Anne Savile) (born 25 May 1864 in London, England, United Kingdom; died 31 August 1927 in the North Atlantic Ocean) was an English socialite and aviation patron and enthusiast.	Princess Anne of Löwenstein-Wertheim-Freudenberg	Atlantic Ocean
place of death	Daniel Sturgeon (October 27, 1789 -- July 3, 1878) was an American physician, banker and Democratic party politician from Uniontown, Pennsylvania.	Daniel Sturgeon	Uniontown
place of death	A. Maceo Walker (June 7, 1909 -- June 8, 1994) was an African-American businessman who led expansion of the Universal Life Insurance Company, founded by his father Joseph Edison Walker in Memphis, Tennessee.	A. Maceo Walker	Memphis
place of death	Clemente Promontorio or di Promontorio, was a statesman and politician who became doge of the Republic of Genoa.	Clemente Promontorio	Genoa
place of death	Woodbury Langdon (1739 -- January 13, 1805) was a merchant, statesman and justice from Portsmouth, New Hampshire.	Woodbury Langdon	Portsmouth
place of death	Theodor Strünck (7 April 1895, Pries - 9 April 1945, Flossenbürg concentration camp) was a German lawyer and resistance worker, involved in the July 20 plot.	Theodor Strünck	Flossenbürg concentration camp
place of death	Paul Chalfin died on February 15, 1959 at the age of 84 in a nursing home in Upper Montclair, New Jersey.	Paul Chalfin	Montclair
place of death	Maud Cuney Hare (née Cuney, February 16, 1874--February 13 or 14, 1936) was an American pianist, musicologist, writer, and African-American activist in Boston, Massachusetts in the United States.	Maud Cuney Hare	Boston
place of death	Gustav Niemann (Rheine, 9 February 1899 -- Munich, 1 January 1982) was a mechanical engineering professor who is regarded as an expert in machine elements.	Gustav Niemann	Munich
place of death	Adam K. Bert (1905--2007), of Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania, was a stamp collector and dealer, who operated his stamp business in Pittsburgh.	Adam K. Bert	Pittsburgh
place of death	Béla Miklós was born into a Székely primipilus family in Budapest on 11 June 1890.	Béla Miklós	Budapest
place of death	Polychronis Lembesis, (Greek Πολυχρόνης Λεμπέσης) (1848, Salamis Island - 1913, Athens) was a Greek painter, a member of the Munich School of Greek artists.	Polychronis Lembesis	Athens
place of death	Pietro Grosso (born December 23, 1923 in Roncade; died October 3, 1957) was an Italian professional football player.	Pietro Grosso	Roncade
place of death	Rafig Babayev, one of the Azerbaijani coryphaeus, was born on March 31, 1936 in Baku, in a large musical family.	Rafig Babayev	Baku
place of death	Carl Hamppe (born 1814, Switzerland -- died 17 May 1876, Gersau, Canton of Schwyz) was a senior government official in Vienna as well as a Swiss--	Carl Hamppe	Gersau
place of death	Peter Philipp von Dernbach (1619--1683) was the Prince-Bishop of Bamberg from 1672 to 1683 and Prince-Bishop of Würzburg from 1675 to 1683.	Peter Philipp von Dernbach	Würzburg
place of death	Jiřina Třebická (November 1, 1930 Prague -- January 23, 2005 Prague) was a Czech dancer and theater and film actress.	Jiřina Třebická	Prague
place of death	The singer Abelardo Barroso Dargeles (Havana, 21 September 1905 -- 27 September 1972) was the first sonero mayor (lead singer of the son) to be recognized as such by the Cuban public.	Abelardo Barroso	Havana
place of death	Félicien Vervaecke (Dadizele, 11 March 1907 -- Brussels, 31 October 1986) was a Belgian professional cyclist from 1930 to 1939.	Félicien Vervaecke	Brussels
place of death	Giovanni Antonio Cucchi (Milan or Biella, active 1750) was an Italian painter.	Giovanni Antonio Cucchi	Milan
place of death	Antonio Saura (September 22, 1930, Huesca -- July 22, 1998, Cuenca) was a Spanish artist and writer, one of the major post-war painters to emerge in Spain in the fifties whose work has marked several generations of artists and whose critical voice is often remembered.	Antonio Saura	Cuenca
place of death	Henry Koerner (August 28, 1915, Vienna, Austria -- July 4, 1991, St. Pölten, Austria) was an Austrian-born American painter and graphic designer best known for his early Magical Realist works of the late 1940s and his portrait covers for Time magazine.	Henry Koerner	St. Pölten
place of death	Johann Friedrich Meckel (October 17, 1781 -- October 31, 1833), often referred to as Johann Friedrich Meckel, the Younger, was a German anatomist born in Halle.	Johann Friedrich Meckel	Halle
place of death	Marcantonio Franceschini (Italian pronunciation: (markanˈtɔːnjo frantʃeˈskiːni); 1648 -- 24 December 1729) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mostly in his native Bologna.	Marcantonio Franceschini	Bologna
place of death	Fern Hobbs (May 8, 1883 -- April 10, 1964) was an American attorney in the U.S. state of Oregon, and a private secretary to Oregon Governor Oswald West.	Fern Hobbs	Oregon
place of death	Fra' Marc'Antonio Zondadari, from Siena, was the 65th Prince and Grand Master of the Order of Malta, from 1720, after the death of Fra Ramon Perellos de Roccaful, till his own death in 1722.	Marc'Antonio Zondadari	Malta
place of death	Blessed Osanna of Cattaro T.O.S.D. (Serbo-Croatian: Ozana Kotorska) was a Catholic visionary and anchoress from Cattaro (Kotor).	Osanna of Cattaro	Kotor
place of death	Simon Louis, Count of Lippe (14 March 1610 at Brake Castle -- 8 August 1636 in Detmold), was Count of Lippe-Detmold from 1627 until his death.	Simon Louis, Count of Lippe	Detmold
place of death	Georg Meistermann (June 16, 1911 in Solingen - June 12, 1990 in Cologne) was a German painter and draftsman who was also famous for his stained glass windows in the whole of Europe.	Georg Meistermann	Cologne
place of death	Baron Carl Mayer von Rothschild (April 24, 1788 -- March 10, 1855) was a German-born banker in the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies and the founder of the Rothschild banking family of Naples.	Carl Mayer von Rothschild	Naples
place of death	Wilson Francisco Alves - also known as Wilson only - (21 December 1927, Rio de Janeiro -- 12 July 1998, São Paulo) was a Brazilian football player and manager.	Wilson Francisco Alves	São Paulo
place of death	Ramón Subercaseaux Vicuña (10 April 1854, Valparaíso - 19 January 1937 Viña del Mar) was a Chilean painter, politician and diplomat.	Ramón Subercaseaux Vicuña	Viña del Mar
place of death	William Sands Cox (1802 in Birmingham -- 23 December 1875 in Kenilworth) was a surgeon in Birmingham, England.	William Sands Cox	Kenilworth
place of death	Firmin Massot (5 May 1766, in Geneva -- 16 May 1849, in Geneva) was a Swiss portrait painter.	Firmin Massot	Geneva
place of death	Georg Wilhelm von Siemens (30 July 1855, Berlin -- 14 October 1919, Arosa, Switzerland) was a German telecommunications industrialist of the Siemens family.	Georg Wilhelm von Siemens	Arosa
place of death	Heorhiy Narbut (Ukrainian: Георгій Іванович Нарбут, 25 February (O.S. 3 March) 1886 in Narbutivka -- 23 May 1920 in Kiev) was the most important Ukrainian graphic designer of the twentieth century.	Heorhiy Narbut	Kiev
place of death	Sir William Tyrone Guthrie (2 July 1900 -- 15 May 1971) was an English theatrical director instrumental in the founding of the Stratford Festival of Canada, the Guthrie Theater in Minneapolis, Minnesota, and the Tyrone Guthrie Centre at his family's ancestral home, Annaghmakerrig, near Newbliss in County Monaghan, Ireland.	Tyrone Guthrie	Newbliss
place of death	Sir Run Run Shaw, GBM, CBE (23 November 1907 -- 7 January 2014), also known as Shao Yifu and Siu Yat-fu, was a Hong Kong entertainment mogul and philanthropist.	Run Run Shaw	Hong Kong
place of death	Salima Machamba (Fomboni, 1 November 1874 -- Pesmes, Haute-Saône, France, 7 August 1964) was sultan of Mohéli (Mwali) (1888--1909).	Salima Machamba	Pesmes
place of death	Donald McIntosh (September 4, 1838 -- June 25, 1876) was an officer in the U.S. 7th Cavalry Regiment who was killed at the Battle of Little Big Horn in the Montana Territory.	Donald McIntosh	Montana
place of death	A native of the East Flanders town of Nokere, Jules Lowie died in Deinze two months short of his 47th birthday.	Jules Lowie	Deinze
place of death	Dan Vadis (born Constantine Daniel Vafiadis in Shanghai, China: 3 January 1938 -- 11 June 1987 in Lancaster, California, U.S.) was an actor famous for his lead roles in many Italian films made in the 1960s.	Dan Vadis	Lancaster
place of death	Jacques Barnaud (born 24 February 1893 in Antibes - died 15 April 1962 in Paris) was a French banker, businessman and member of the collaborationist Vichy regime during the Second World War.	Jacques Barnaud	Paris
place of death	Jacob de Wit was born in Amsterdam, and became famous for his door and ceiling paintings.	Jacob de Wit	Amsterdam
place of death	Frederick Augustus, Prince of Anhalt-Zerbst (8 August 1734 in Alt Stettin -- 3 March 1793 in Luxembourg), was a German prince of the House of Ascania and the last ruler of the Principality of Anhalt-Zerbst.	Frederick Augustus, Prince of Anhalt-Zerbst	Luxembourg
place of death	Auguste Boissonneau (26 July 1802, Saumur -- 7 July 1883, Paris) was a French ornithologist and ocularist.	Auguste Boissonneau	Paris
place of death	Adamo Rossi (March 5, 1821 in Petrignano -- February 22, 1891 in Perugia) was an Italian clergyman, revolutionary patriot, scholar and librarian.	Adamo Rossi	Perugia
place of death	Thomas Szczeponik (born 4 December 1860 in Peiskretscham, Province of Silesia (now Poland), died 30 January 1927 in Katowice (Kattowitz)) was a German-Polish Catholic politician.	Thomas Szczeponik	Katowice
place of death	Julian Russell Story (born 1857 in Walton-on-Thames, Surrey, England; died 1919 in Philadelphia, PA, USA) was an American painter.	Julian Russell Story	Philadelphia
place of death	Léon Chertok or Lejb Tchertok (31 October 1911, Vilnius, Vilna Governorate -- 6 July 1991, Deauville), was a French psychiatrist known for his work on hypnosis and psychosomatic medicine.	Léon Chertok	Deauville
place of death	Achille Beltrame (March 18, 1871 in Arzignano -- February 19, 1945 in Milan), was an Italian painter and illustrator.	Achille Beltrame	Milan
place of death	Eugène Louis Bouvier (9 April 1856, in Saint-Laurent-en-Grandvaux -- 14 January 1944, in Paris) was a French entomologist and carcinologist.	Eugène Louis Bouvier	Paris
place of death	Pasquale Tola (30 November 1800, Sassari -- 25 August 1874, Genoa) was an Italian judge, politician and historian.	Pasquale Tola	Genoa
place of death	Genevieve Taggard (November 28, 1894 Waitsburg, Washington -- November 8, 1948 New York City) was an American poet.	Genevieve Taggard	New York City
place of death	Josse van der Baren (variations on the first name: 'Joost' and 'Jodocus') (b. between 1540 and 1560 -- d. between 1604 and 1624) was a Flemish painter of history paintings and a draughtsman active in the Leuven area around the turn of the 17th century.	Josse van der Baren	Leuven
place of death	Eduardo Manchón Molina (born 24 July 1930 in Barcelona, died there on 29 September 2010) was a Spanish footballer.	Eduardo Manchón	Barcelona
place of death	Joseph Benda was the successor of his brother Franz Benda as Kapellmeister in Berlin.	Joseph Benda	Berlin
place of death	Sibylle Christine of Anhalt-Dessau (Dessau, 11 July 1603 -- Hanau, 21 February 1686), was by birth a member of the House of Ascania and princess of Anhalt-Dessau.	Sibylle Christine of Anhalt-Dessau	Hanau
place of death	Bernardo Cennini (Italian: (berˈnardo tʃenˈniːni); 1414/5 -- c. 1498) was an Italian goldsmith, sculptor and early printer of Florence.	Bernardo Cennini	Florence
place of death	Carlo Promis (1808 -- 1873 in Turin, Italy) was an Italian architect and architectural historian and a proponent of Eclecticism.	Carlo Promis	Turin
place of death	Ödön Lechner (August 27, 1845 in Pest -- June 10, 1914 in Budapest) was a Hungarian architect, nicknamed the ``Hungarian Gaudí''.	Ödön Lechner	Budapest
place of death	Max Eckert (10 April 1868, Chemnitz, Kingdom of Saxony -- 26 December 1938 Aachen; after 1934 Max Eckert-Greifendorff) was a German geographer.	Max Eckert-Greifendorff	Aachen
place of death	Ferdinando Galiani (2 December 1728, Chieti, Kingdom of Naples -- 30 October 1787, Naples, Kingdom of Naples) was an Italian economist, a leading Italian figure of the Enlightenment.	Ferdinando Galiani	Naples
place of death	German Tatarinov was a Member of the Saint Petersburg Union of Artists (before 1992 - Leningrad branch of Union of Artists of Russian Federation) since 1972, a Member of Peter's Academy of Sciences and Arts (1995).	German Tatarinov	Saint Petersburg
place of death	Jean-Joseph Balechou (Arles, 11 July 1715 - Avignon, 18 August 1765) was a French engraver.	Jean-Joseph Balechou	Avignon
place of death	Roy Glenwood Spurling (6 September 1894, Centralia, Missouri -- 7 February 1968, La Jolla, California) was an American neurosurgeon remembered for describing Spurling's test.	Roy Glenwood Spurling	La Jolla
place of death	Antoine Vitez was born in Paris and trained to be an actor, finding his first acting job at the age of 19 in Ils attendent Lefty at the Théâtre Maubel.	Antoine Vitez	Paris
place of death	Nikolaos Xydias Typaldos (Greek: Νικόλαος Ξυδιάς Τυπάλδος; 1826/29, Lixouri - 1909, Athens) was a Greek painter, best known for his portraits.	Nikolaos Xydias Typaldos	Athens
place of death	Paolo Biancucci (1583--1653) was born at Lucca and was a pupil of Guido Reni, and influenced by Sassoferrato.	Paolo Biancucci	Lucca
place of death	Lucien Génin (9 November 1894 in Rouen -- 26 August 1953 in Paris) was a French painter in the milieu of pre-World War I, and 1920s Montmartre and Saint-Germain-des-Prés.	Lucien Génin	Paris
place of death	Grenville Hair (born 16 November 1931 in Burton-upon-Trent, England; died 7 March 1968 in Bradford, England) was a footballer who played his entire professional career for Leeds United between 1948 and 1964.	Grenville Hair	Bradford
place of death	Manfred Gurlitt (Berlin, 6 September 1890 -- Tokyo, 29 April 1972) was a German opera composer and conductor.	Manfred Gurlitt	Tokyo
place of death	Archbishop Paulo Lopes de Faria died on July 16, 2009, in Belo Horizonte at the age of 78.	Paulo Lopes de Faria	Belo Horizonte
place of death	Jan Štursa (15 May 1880 in Nové Město na Moravě -- 2 May 1925 in Prague) was a Czech sculptor, one of founders of modern Czech sculpture.	Jan Štursa	Prague
place of death	Platt D. Babbitt (born May 22, 1822 in Lanesborough, Massachusetts - died August 21, 1879 in South Wales, New York) was an American photographer best known for his photographs in the area of Niagara Falls.	Platt D. Babbitt	South Wales, New York
place of death	Eberhard Fraas was born in Stuttgart, the son of Oscar Fraas (1824--1897), a curator and professor at the geological and paleontological department of the Württemberg Royal Natural Cabinet.	Eberhard Fraas	Stuttgart
place of death	Olivier Greif (3 January 1950, Paris -- 13 May 2000, Paris) was a French composer of Polish-Jewish parentage.	Olivier Greif	Paris
place of death	Captain Hawa Singh (December 16, 1937 in Umarwas, Haryana - August 14, 2000, in Bhiwani, Haryana) was an Indian Heavyweight boxer, who dominated Indian and Asian amateur boxing for a decade in his weight class.	Hawa Singh	Bhiwani
place of death	Shmuel Salant (January 2, 1816 -- August 16, 1909) served as the Ashkenazic Chief Rabbi of Jerusalem for almost 70 years.	Shmuel Salant	Jerusalem
place of death	Educated in Bordeaux, Ogé returned to work with his uncle and namesake Vincent Ogé, a merchant in the major colonial city of Cap-Français (today's Cap-Haïtien).	Vincent Ogé	Cap-Haïtien
place of death	Paul Guiraud (January 15, 1850 -- February 25, 1907) was a French historian born in Cenne-Monestiés, a commune located in the department of Aude.	Paul Guiraud	Cenne-Monestiés
place of death	Medar Shtylla (February 28, 1907 in Korça -- December 20, 1963 in Tirana) was an Albanian politician and one of the main organizers of the Albania Liberation Movement during World War II. He served as Minister of Health from 1946 to 1955.	Medar Shtylla	Tirana
place of death	Miroslav Pavlović (Serbian Cyrillic: Мирослав Павловић; 23 October 1942, in Požega -- 19 January 2004, in Belgrade) was a Serbian football player.	Miroslav Pavlović	Belgrade
place of death	Donatian and Rogatian were two brothers, martyred in Nantes during the reign of Roman Emperor Maximian, around 288-290, for refusing to deny their faith.	Donatian and Rogatian	Nantes
place of death	Raffaele Guariglia, Barone di Vituso (Naples, 19 February 1889 - Rome, 25 April 1970) was an Italian diplomat.	Raffaele Guariglia	Rome
place of death	Joachim Heinrich Wilhelm Wagener (16 July 1782, Berlin - 18 January 1861, Berlin) was a German banker and patron of the arts.	Joachim Heinrich Wilhelm Wagener	Berlin
place of death	Louis de Cormontaigne (1696 at Strasbourg -- 1752 in Metz) was a French military engineer.	Louis de Cormontaigne	Metz
place of death	Muhammad Ahmad Mahgoub (17 May 1908 in Aldewem city at the age of seven he came to Khartoum -- 1976) was a foreign minister, then Prime Minister, of Sudan and an important writer who has published several volumes of poetry in the Arabic language.	Muhammad Ahmad Mahgoub	Khartoum
place of death	After graduating with a law degree from Faculte de droit de Paris and from HEC Paris, Jacques Dauphin re-opened the Parisian-based office created by his father Eugene Dauphin in 1921 who closed it during WWII to prevent any collaboration with the Nazis.	Jacques Dauphin	Paris
place of death	William Henry Eustis (1845 -- November 30, 1928) was the 17th mayor of Minneapolis, Republican nominee for Governor of Minnesota in 1898, and a philanthropist.	William Henry Eustis	Minneapolis
place of death	Martin Benka (21 September 1888, Kostolište -- 28 June 1971, Malacky) was a Slovak painter and illustrator.	Martin Benka	Malacky
place of death	Ethel Bailey Higgins (1866--1963) was an American botanist and the curator of botany at the San Diego Natural History Museum from 1943 to 1957; she continued to serve as associate curator from 1957 to 1963.	Ethel Bailey Higgins	San Diego
place of death	Julia Clara Catherine Maria Dolores Robins Norton Birk Olsen Hitchens (December 25, 1907 in San Antonio, Texas -- August 1, 1973 in Orange County, California), better known as Dolores Hitchens, was an American mystery novelist who wrote prolifically from 1938 until her death.	Dolores Hitchens	San Antonio
place of death	Tertius Bosch (14 March 1966 in Vereeniging, Transvaal -- 14 February 2000 in Westville, KwaZulu-Natal) was a South African cricketer who played in one Test and two ODIs in 1992.	Tertius Bosch	Westville, KwaZulu-Natal
place of death	Josef Sudek (17 March 1896, Kolín, Bohemia -- 15 September 1976, Prague) was a Czech photographer, best known for his photographs of Prague.	Josef Sudek	Prague
place of death	Károly Szabó (November 17, 1916 -- October 28, 1964) was an employee of the Swedish Embassy in Budapest from 1944 to 1945.	Károly Szabó	Budapest
place of death	Domenico Pacini (Marino, February 20, 1878 -- Rome, May 23, 1934) was an Italian physicist noted for his contributions to the discovery of cosmic rays.	Domenico Pacini	Rome
place of death	Mohamed Arbi Zarrouk Khaznadar (born 1760 in Le Bardo - October 29, 1822 in Tunis) was Prime Minister and Khaznadar (minister of Finances) of Beylik of Tunis.	Mohamed Arbi Zarrouk Khaznadar	Le Bardo
place of death	Cenobio Paniagua y Vásques (September 30, 1821, Tlalpujahua, Michoacán -- November 2, 1882, Córdoba, Veracruz) was a Mexican composer.	Cenobio Paniagua	Córdoba
place of death	Born Alan Ernest Caldwell in Liverpool, Storm was the singer and leader of Rory Storm and the Hurricanes, a Liverpudlian band who were contemporaries of the Beatles in the late 1950s and early 1960s.	Rory Storm	Liverpool
place of death	Colin Jordan died at his Pateley Bridge home on 9 April 2009.	Colin Jordan	Pateley Bridge
place of death	Astolfo Petrazzi (1583-1653 or 1665) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in his hometown of Siena, but also Spoleto and Rome.	Astolfo Petrazzi	Siena
place of death	Christina Carpenter or Christine Carpenter (fl. 1329--1332) was a 14th-century anchoress or recluse in the village of Shere, Surrey, in southern England.	Christina Carpenter	Shere
place of death	The Fabri family moved to the Soviet Union in 1932, where Ernst Fabri edited a German-language newspaper in Moscow.	Ernst Fabri	Moscow
place of death	Issoufou Saidou-Djermakoye (born July 10, 1920 in Dosso, Niger, and died June 30, 2000 in Paris) was a politician from Niger who was elected to the French Senate in 1958.	Issoufou Saidou-Djermakoye	Paris
place of death	Albert van Schendel (21 September 1912 in Lage Zwaluwe -- 12 April 1990 in Muret, France) was a Dutch professional road bicycle racer.	Albert van Schendel	Muret
place of death	Eduard Sievers (25 November 1850, Lippoldsberg -- 30 March 1932, Leipzig) was a philologist of the classical and Germanic languages.	Eduard Sievers	Leipzig
place of death	Thomas Underwood (May 6, 1863 -- May 10, 1948) was a building developer and the 13th mayor of Calgary, Alberta.	Thomas Underwood	Calgary
place of death	Göran Tunström (14 May 1937, Borgvik, Grums Municipality -- February 5, 2000, Stockholm) was a Swedish author.	Göran Tunström	Stockholm
place of death	Johann Baptist Allgaier (June 19, 1763, Schussenried -- January 3, 1823, Vienna) was a German-Austrian chess master and theoretician.	Johann Baptist Allgaier	Vienna
place of death	Eastman Johnson (July 29, 1824 -- April 5, 1906) was an American painter and co-founder of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York City, with his name inscribed at its entrance.	Eastman Johnson	New York City
place of death	Alejandro Lerroux y García (La Rambla, Córdoba, 4 March 1864 -- Madrid, 25 June 1949) was a Spanish politician who was the leader of the Radical Republican Party during the Second Spanish Republic.	Alejandro Lerroux	Madrid
place of death	Ewald Rohlfs (1911 Bremen, Germany - 1984) was a test pilot.	Ewald Rohlfs	Bremen
place of death	Franz Hettinger (13 January 1819, at Aschaffenburg -- 26 January 1890, at Würzburg) was a German Catholic theologian.	Franz Hettinger	Würzburg
place of death	His family home still stands at 440 Osgood Street in North Andover and his home in New York City, the Samuel Osgood House, served as the country's first Presidential mansion.	Samuel Osgood	New York City
place of death	Sir Sydney Walling (12 July 1907 -- 8 October 2009) was an Antiguan cricketer who played for Antigua and Barbuda during the 1930s and 1940s.	Sydney Walling	Antigua
place of death	Robert Dorning died on 21 February 1989 in London of diabetes.	Robert Dorning	London
place of death	Jean-Pierre Ramel (the younger) (1768, Cahors - 15 August 1815, Toulouse) was a French general during the French Revolutionary Wars and the First French Empire.	Jean-Pierre Ramel (the younger)	Toulouse
place of death	Sammy Davis Sr. died May 21, 1988, in Beverly Hills, California, at the age of 87, of natural causes, two years before the death of his son, Sammy Davis Jr.	Sammy Davis Sr.	Beverly Hills
place of death	Andrew Heiskell (September 13, 1915, Naples - July 6, 2003 Darien, Connecticut) was chairman and CEO of Time Inc. (1960--1980), and also known for his philanthropy, including for the New York Public Library.	Andrew Heiskell	Darien, Connecticut
place of death	Onni Rajasaari (2 March 1910 in Hanko -- 12 November 1994 in Hanko) was a Finnish athlete specializing in long jump and triple jump.	Onni Rajasaari	Hanko
place of death	Blanche Honegger Moyse (/moʊˈiːz/; September 23, 1909 -- February 10, 2011) was a conductor living in Brattleboro, Vermont.	Blanche Honegger Moyse	Brattleboro
place of death	Michele Pannonio, in Hungarian language Pannóniai Mihály, also known Michele Ongaro o Michele Dai Ungheria (born by 1415 -- Bologna, 1475 circa) was an Hungarian-Italian painter, active in Ferrara, Italy.	Michele Pannonio	Bologna
place of death	Jakob Fürchtegott Dielmann (9 September 1809, Frankfurt - 30 May 1885, Frankfurt) was a German illustrator, genre and landscape painter.	Jakob Fürchtegott Dielmann	Frankfurt
place of death	Eusebius Mandyczewski (Ukrainian: Євсевій Мандичевський Ėvsevij Mandyčevśkyj, Romanian: Eusebie Mandicevschi; 18 August 1857, Molodiya -- 13 August 1929, Vienna) was a Romanian musicologist, composer, conductor, and teacher.	Eusebius Mandyczewski	Vienna
place of death	Leonardo Alenza y Nieto (6 November 1807, Madrid - 30 June 1845, Madrid) was a Spanish painter and engraver in the Romantic style; associated with the Costumbrista movement.	Leonardo Alenza	Madrid
place of death	Charles Fey (born August Fey in Vöhringen, Bavaria) (September 9, 1862 --November 10, 1944) was a San Francisco mechanic who is best known for inventing the slot machine.	Charles Fey	San Francisco
place of death	Félicie de Fauveau (Livorno, 1801 -- Florence, 1886) was a nineteenth-century French sculptor who was a precursor of the pre-Raphaelite style.	Félicie de Fauveau	Florence
place of death	Charles Stewart Mott (June 2, 1875 -- February 18, 1973) was an American businessman, philanthropist and the 50th and 55th Mayor of Flint, Michigan.	Charles Stewart Mott	Flint
place of death	Herbert Dingle (2 August 1890, London -- 4 September 1978, Kingston upon Hull) was an English physicist and natural philosopher, who served as president of the Royal Astronomical Society from 1951 to 1953.	Herbert Dingle	Kingston upon Hull
place of death	Anton or Antonio Maria Fabrizi or Fabrizzi (1594-1649) was an Italian painter, active in Perugia and Foligno in a Baroque style.	Antonio Maria Fabrizi	Perugia
place of death	Hovsep Aznavur (Armenian: ովսեփ Ազնավուր; 1854, London - June 1935, Cairo) was an Ottoman Armenian architect.	Hovsep Aznavur	Cairo
place of death	A large portion of his significant art collection he left to the Museum Antiker Kleinkunst in Munich (today the Staatliche Antikensammlungen) (``Sammlung James Loeb'').	James Loeb	Munich
place of death	Giovanni Maria Morandi (30 April 1622 -- 18 February 1717) was an Italian painter, mainly active in Rome and his natal city of Florence, but also Venice.	Giovanni Maria Morandi	Rome
place of death	On Friday, March 27, 1868, at two in the afternoon, a massive crowd armed with guns and swords attempted to storm the Rova of Antananarivo, residence of Queen Rasoherina.	Rasoherina	Antananarivo
place of death	José da Cruz Policarpo (Portuguese: (ʒuˈzɛ dɐ kɾujʃ poliˈkaɾpu); 26 February 1936 -- 12 March 2014), officially referred to as José IV, Patriarch of Lisbon, though commonly just referred to as ``D. José Policarpo'', was Cardinal and Patriarch Emeritus of Lisbon.	José Policarpo	Lisbon
place of death	Pierre-Joseph Buc'hoz (27 January 1731, Metz - 13 January 1807, Paris) was a French physician, lawyer and naturalist.	Pierre-Joseph Buc'hoz	Paris
place of death	Pierre-Marie Rudelle was a French artist painter (1932, Paris -- 28 December 2015, Paris) who specialized in trompe l'oeil.	Pierre-Marie Rudelle	Paris
place of death	Clemente Albèri (Rimini 1803 -Bologna, 1864) was an Italian painter, best known for portraits and copies of Renaissance and Baroque works.	Clemente Albèri	Bologna
place of death	Moyshe Kulbak (1896, Smarhoń -- 1937, near Minsk) was a Yiddish-language writer.	Moyshe Kulbak	Minsk
place of death	Carlo Vittadini (11 June 1800, in Bertonico -- 20 November 1865, in Milan) was an Italian doctor and mycologist.	Carlo Vittadini	Milan
place of death	Gyula Aggházy (20 March 1850, Dombóvár - 23 May 1919, Budapest) was a Hungarian genre painter and art teacher.	Gyula Aggházy	Budapest
place of death	Charles Joseph Hullmandel (15 June 1789 -- 15 November 1850) was born in London, where he maintained a lithographic establishment in Great Marlborough Street from about 1819 until his death.	Charles Joseph Hullmandel	London
place of death	Quintin McMillan (23 June 1904 -- 3 July 1948 in Randfontein, Transvaal) was a South African cricketer who played in 13 Tests from 1929 to 1931--32.	Quintin McMillan	Randfontein
place of death	Count Eduard Clam-Gallas (14 March 1805, in Prague -- 17 March 1891, in Vienna) was an Austrian General.	Eduard Clam-Gallas	Vienna
place of death	The headquarters of Heinrich Koppers AG were in Essen - Moltkeviertel, adjacent to the mansion of the Koppers family (both buildings built in 1911).	Heinrich Koppers	Essen
place of death	William Charles Gorman (July 13, 1911 - December 1978), commonly referred to as Bill Gorman, was an Irish footballer who played for, among others, Bury and Brentford.	Bill Gorman	Bury
place of death	Lucia Moholy, born Lucia Schulz, (18 January 1894, Prague, Austria-Hungary -- 17 May 1989, Zürich, Switzerland) was a photographer and first wife of artist and fellow photographer László Moholy-Nagy.	Lucia Moholy	Zürich
place of death	Luigi Oreglia di Santo Stefano (July 9, 1828, Bene Vagienna, Italy -- December 7, 1913, Rome, Italy) was a cardinal of the Catholic Church in the late nineteenth century.	Luigi Oreglia di Santo Stefano	Rome
place of death	Carolina Cotton (born Helen Hagstrom October 20, 1925 in Cash, Arkansas; died June 10, 1997 in Bakersfield, California) was an American singer and actress known as the ``Yodeling Blonde Bombshell'', the ``Girl of the Golden West'' and the ``Queen of the Range''.	Carolina Cotton	Bakersfield
place of death	William Henry Rinehart (September 13, 1825, Union Bridge, Maryland - October 28, 1874, Rome, Italy) was a noted American sculptor.	William Henry Rinehart	Rome
place of death	Jean Étienne Duby (15 February 1798 in Geneva -- 24 November 1885) was a Swiss clergyman and botanist.	Jean Étienne Duby	Geneva
place of death	Wolf Albach-Retty (28 May 1906 as Wolfgang Helmuth Albert Albach -- 21 February 1967) was a Vienna-born Austrian actor.	Wolf Albach-Retty	Vienna
place of death	Raffaele Motta (1550 -- 1578), known as Raffaellino da Reggio, was an Italian Mannerist style painter from Reggio Emilia, who mainly worked in Rome.	Raffaellino da Reggio	Rome
place of death	David Prophet (9 October 1937, in Hong Kong -- 29 March 1981, in Silverstone, Northamptonshire ) was a British racing driver from England.	David Prophet	Silverstone
place of death	Although born in Carnac which was the holiday home of his family, Didier Rimaud grew up and studied in Lyon.	Didier Rimaud	Lyon
place of death	Walter Kraft (Cologne, 9 June 1905 -- Amsterdam, 9 May 1977) was a German organist and composer, best known for his remarkably long tenure (almost half a century, 1926-1972) at the Marienkirche, Lübeck.	Walter Kraft	Amsterdam
place of death	José Romão Martenetz (born Roman Martynets; Ukrainian: Йосиф (Роман) Мартинець) (7 February 1903, Lviv, present Ukraine -- 23 February 1989, Curitiba, Brazil) was a bishop of the Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of São João Batista em Curitiba (1962--1978) and a member of Basilian monks.	José Romão Martenetz	Curitiba
place of death	Gerrit de Wet (1616, Amsterdam? -- 1674, Leiden), sometimes called De Wett, Düwett, De Weth, or De Weet, was a Dutch painter.	Gerrit de Wet	Leiden
place of death	Jack Norworth died of a heart attack in Laguna Beach, California and is interred at Melrose Abbey Memorial Park in Anaheim, California, just across I-5 from the Los Angeles Angels ballpark.	Jack Norworth	Laguna Beach
place of death	Wilhelm Emil Fein (born 16 January 1842 in Ludwigsburg; died 6 October 1898 in Stuttgart) was a German inventor.	Wilhelm Emil Fein	Stuttgart
place of death	General Artur Ivens Ferraz (1 December 1870, in Lisbon -- 16 January 1933, in Lisbon Portuguese pronunciation: (ɐɾˈtuɾ ˈajvɐ̃ʃ fɨˈʁaʃ)), was a Portuguese military officer and politician.	Artur Ivens Ferraz	Lisbon
place of death	Evžen Rošický (15 October 1914 Olomouc - 25 June 1942 Prague) was a Czech athlete and journalist.	Evžen Rošický	Prague
place of death	Jan van Eyck (Dutch: (ˈjɑn fɑn ˈɛik)) (before c. 1390 -- 9 July 1441) was an Early Netherlandish painter active in Bruges and one of the most significant Northern Renaissance artists of the 15th century.	Jan van Eyck	Bruges
place of death	Admiral José Isaías de Noronha (Rio de Janeiro, July 6, 1874 - Jacarepaguá, January 29, 1963) was one of the leaders of the junta that governed Brazil during the time Washington Luís was deposed.	Isaías de Noronha	Rio de Janeiro
place of death	Carl Otto Czeschka (22 October 1878, Vienna -- 30 July, 1960, Hamburg) was an Austrian painter and graphic designer associated with the Wiener Werkstätte.	Carl Otto Czeschka	Hamburg
place of death	When Hannikel brutally murdered a grenadier of the Duke of Württemberg on April 5, 1786, close to Reutlingen, the Vogt of Sulz am Neckar, Jacob Georg Schäffer followed in pursuit of the gang.	Hannikel	Sulz am Neckar
place of death	Afonso d'Escragnolle Taunay (1876 in Florianópolis, Santa Catarina, Brazil -- 1958 in São Paulo, São Paulo, Brazil) was a Brazilian writer, politician and noble.	Afonso d'Escragnolle Taunay	São Paulo
place of death	Claude-Henri Plantier (1813--1875) was the Catholic Bishop of Nîmes from 1855.	Claude-Henri Plantier	Nîmes
place of death	Antonio Macrì (Siderno, ca. 1902 -- January 20, 1975), popularly known as Zzi 'ntoni, was a historical and charismatic boss of the 'Ndrangheta, a criminal and mafia-type organisation in Calabria, Italy.	Antonio Macrì	Siderno
place of death	Jules Destrée (French: (detʁe); Marcinelle, 21 August 1863 -- Brussels, 3 January 1936) was a Walloon lawyer, cultural critic and socialist politician.	Jules Destrée	Brussels
place of death	Giovanni Boveri (Boverius) (Saluzzo, 1568-Genoa, 1638) was an Italian jurist, who became a Capuchin Friar Minor, taking the name Zacharias.	Boverius	Genoa
place of death	Libertas Schulze-Boysen, born Libertas Viktoria Haas-Heye (November 20, 1913 in Paris -- December 22, 1942 in Berlin-Plötzensee) was a German opponent of the Nazis who belonged to the Red Orchestra (Rote Kapelle) resistance group during the Third Reich.	Libertas Schulze-Boysen	Berlin-Plötzensee
place of death	Antoon Faydherbe or Antoine Fayd'herbe (died 1653) was a sculptor, who lived and worked in Mechelen, in the Southern Netherlands.	Antoon Faydherbe	Mechelen
place of death	Jean Wiener (or Wiéner) (19 March 1896, Paris -- 8 June 1982, Paris) was a French pianist and composer.	Jean Wiener	Paris
place of death	Pietro Reverberi (December 28, 1912 in Reggio Emilia, Italy -- February 19, 1985 in Reggio Emilia, Italy) was an Italian basketball referee.	Pietro Reverberi	Reggio Emilia
place of death	General of Division count Nicolas-Marie Songis des Courbons died in Paris on 27 December 1810, following a long illness.	Nicolas-Marie Songis des Courbons	Paris
place of death	Andrea Contarini was doge of Venice from 1367 to 1382.	Andrea Contarini	Venice
place of death	William Tharp (November 27, 1803 -- January 9, 1865) was an American farmer and politician from Milford, in Kent County, Delaware.	William Tharp	Milford
place of death	Grete Meisel-Hess (18 April 1879, Prague - 18 April 1922, Berlin) was an Austrian Jewish feminist, who wrote novels, short stories and essays about women's need for sexual liberation.	Grete Meisel-Hess	Berlin
place of death	Andrej Kmeť (November 19, 1841, Szénásfalu, Kingdom of Hungary (today Bzenica, Slovakia) - February 16, 1908, Turócszentmárton (today Martin, Slovakia)) was a Slovak botanist, ethnographer, archaeologist, and geologist.	Andrej Kmeť	Martin
place of death	Cayetano Ordóñez y Aguilera (January 24, 1904, Ronda, Spain - October 30, 1961, Madrid, Spain) is the patriarch of the Ordóñez family of bullfighters.	Cayetano Ordóñez	Madrid
place of death	Milo Cipra (born as Emil Cipra, 13 October 1906, Vareš - 9 July 1985, Zagreb) was a Croatian composer, member of the Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts (since 1976), dean of the Zagreb Music Academy (1961--1971).	Milo Cipra	Zagreb
place of death	After his retirement as a player, Mircea David began his managerial career at FC Politehnica Iași.	Mircea David	Iași
place of death	Susan Strange (June 9, 1923, Dorset -- October 25, 1998, Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire) was a British scholar of international relations who was ``almost single-handedly responsible for creating international political economy''.	Susan Strange	Aylesbury
place of death	Eberhard Schenk (17 July 1929; Schneidemühl (now known as Piła, Poland) -- 23 July 2010, Bergen auf Rügen, Germany) was a German Track and field athlete.	Eberhard Schenk	Bergen auf Rügen
place of death	Jack Kirkland (Born July 25, 1902 in St. Louis, Missouri, died February 22, 1969 in New York City) was an American playwright, producer, director and screenwriter.	Jack Kirkland	New York City
place of death	George Murray Kay (23 November 1905 -- 12 October 1991) was an association football player who represented New Zealand at international level.	Murray Kay	New Zealand
place of death	Lambert Lombard (c. 1505 -- August 1566) was a Renaissance painter, architect and theorist for the Prince-Bishopric of Liège.	Lambert Lombard	Liège
place of death	Armando Frigo served in the Italian Army during the World War II. When Italy switched sides during the war, he joined the army and, in September 1943 he was captured by the Nazis near the town of Crkvice and shot to death.	Armando Frigo	Crkvice
place of death	William Hugh Smith (April 28, 1826 in Fayette County, Georgia -- January 1, 1899 in Birmingham, Alabama) was a planter and politician, the 21st Governor of the U.S. state of Alabama.	William Hugh Smith	Birmingham
place of death	Siegmund Jakob Baumgarten (14 March 1706, Wolmirstedt -- 4 July 1757, Halle) was a German Protestant theologian.	Siegmund Jakob Baumgarten	Halle
place of death	Jean-Robert Ipoustéguy (January 6, 1920 -- February 8, 2006), a French sculptor, was born ``Jean Robert'' in Dun-sur-Meuse.	Jean-Robert Ipoustéguy	Dun-sur-Meuse
place of death	Nicholas Lambrinides (1879-1962) was an American entrepreneur who built the Skyline Chili chain of chili restaurants based in Cincinnati, Ohio.	Nicholas Lambrinides	Cincinnati
place of death	Stesichorus was born in Metauros (modern Gioia Tauro) in Calabria, Southern Italy in 630 BC and died in Katane (modern Catania) in Sicily in 555 BC. Some say that he came from Himera in Sicily, but that was due to him moving from Metauros to Himera later in life.	Stesichorus	Catania
place of death	Hermanis Matisons (also known as Herman Mattison; 1894, Riga -- 1932) was a Latvian chess player and one of world's most highly regarded chess masters in the early 1930s.	Hermanis Matisons	Riga
place of death	Born in Paris in 1889, Abel Gance was the illegitimate son of a prosperous doctor, Abel Flamant, and a working class mother, Françoise Péréthon (or Perthon).	Abel Gance	Paris
place of death	Koloman Sokol (12 December 1902 in Liptovský Mikuláš -- 12 January 2003 in Tucson, Arizona) was one of the most prominent Slovak painters, graphic artists and illustrators.	Koloman Sokol	Tucson
place of death	Georgette Chen, born Chang Li Ying (Chinese: 张荔英; pinyin: Zhāng LìYīng) was a Singapore painter known for her Post-Impressionistic styled oil paintings at the turn of the 20th-century.	Georgette Chen	Singapore
place of death	Alexander Nikolaevich Volkov (Russian: Александр Николаевич Волков; August 31, 1886, in Fergana -- December 17, 1957, in Tashkent) was an avant-garde Russian painter and poet.	Alexander Nikolaevich Volkov	Tashkent
place of death	Meinrad Miltenberger (December 6, 1924, Herdecke, Westphalia - September 10, 1993, Herdecke) was a German sprint canoer who competed in the 1950s.	Meinrad Miltenberger	Herdecke
place of death	Laurent Dauthuille (20 February 1924 in Chaumont, Haute-Marne -- 10 July 1971 in Rueil-Malmaison) was a French boxer.	Laurent Dauthuille	Rueil-Malmaison
place of death	Andreas Volanus (Lithuanian: Andrius Volanas, Polish: Andrzej Wolan, 1530 in Poznań -- 1610 in Vilnius) was a secretary to the Grand Duke of Lithuania and an eminent Calvinist theologian.	Andreas Volanus	Vilnius
place of death	André Le Nôtre was born in Paris, into a family of gardeners.	André Le Nôtre	Paris
place of death	Jorge Medina Vidal (born 1925 in Montevideo; died 2008) is a Uruguayan poet, educator and literary critic.	Jorge Medina Vidal	Montevideo
place of death	Matthew Hopper (17 January 1893 -- q1 1978) was an English footballer who made 82 appearances in the Football League playing for Millwall Athletic, Coventry City and Ashington.	Matthew Hopper	Ashington
place of death	Auguste Schmidt, full name, Friederike Wilhelmine Auguste Schmidt, (3 August 1833, Breslau, then Germany now Poland -- 10 June 1902, Leipzig, Germany) was a pioneering German feminist, educator, journalist and women's rights activist.	Auguste Schmidt	Leipzig
place of death	Moritz Brasch (born in Zempelburg, Prussia, now Sępólno Krajeńskie, August 18, 1843; died in Leipzig, September 14, 1895) was a German philosopher and man of letters.	Moritz Brasch	Leipzig
place of death	Stoycho Vassilev Breskovski (Bulgarian: Стойчо Василев Бресковски) (December 25, 1934, Granit, Stara Zagora Province, Bulgaria -- January 15, 2004, Sofia, Bulgaria) was a Bulgarian paleontologist.	Stoycho Vassilev Breskovski	Sofia
place of death	Hein Heckroth (14 April 1901 in Gießen - 7 July 1970 in Amsterdam) was a German art director of stage and film productions.	Hein Heckroth	Amsterdam
place of death	Iacopo IV Appiani (1459 -- April 10, 1510) was an Italian condottiero and lord of Piombino of the Appiani dynasty in the Renaissance.	Iacopo IV Appiani	Piombino
place of death	Edmund Heller was the director of the Washington Park Zoo in Milwaukee (from 1928 to 1935) and the Fleishhacker Zoo in San Francisco (from 1935 to 1939).	Edmund Heller	San Francisco
place of death	Józef Maria Bocheński (Czuszów, Congress Poland, Russian Empire, 30 August 1902 -- February 8, 1995, Fribourg, Switzerland) was a Polish Dominican, logician and philosopher.	Józef Maria Bocheński	Fribourg
place of death	Jean-Baptiste de Machault d'Arnouville, comte d'Arnouville, seigneur de Garge et de Gonesse, was born in Paris on December 13, 1701, and died on July 12, 1794 in a French Revolutionary prison.	Jean-Baptiste de Machault d'Arnouville	Paris
place of death	Maria von Trapp died of heart failure on 28 March 1987 (aged 82), in Morrisville, Vermont, three days following surgery.	Maria von Trapp	Morrisville, Vermont
place of death	Francesco Maria Grimaldi (2 April 1618 -- 28 December 1663) was an Italian Jesuit priest, mathematician and physicist who taught at the Jesuit college in Bologna.	Francesco Maria Grimaldi	Bologna
place of death	Louis Lewin (born in Tuchel, West Prussia, 9 November 1850; died 1 December 1929 in Berlin) was a German pharmacologist.	Louis Lewin	Berlin
place of death	Philipp Frank (March 20, 1884, Vienna, Austria-Hungary -- July 21, 1966, Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA) was a physicist, mathematician and also an influential philosopher during the first half of the 20th century.	Philipp Frank	Cambridge
place of death	Charles Cottet (1863--1925), French painter, was born at Le Puy-en-Velay and died in Paris.	Charles Cottet	Paris
place of death	Simón Iturri Patiño (Santiváñez, 1 June 1862 -- Buenos Aires, 20 April 1947) was a Bolivian industrialist who was among the world's wealthiest people at the time of his death.	Simón Iturri Patiño	Buenos Aires
place of death	John C. Champion (October 13, 1923 in Denver, Colorado, USA -- October 3, 1994 in Tarzana, California, USA) was an American producer and screenwriter.	John C. Champion	Tarzana
place of death	Fernando Lopes-Graça, GOSE, GCIH (Tomar, 17 December 1906 -- Parede, near Cascais, November 27, 1994) was a Portuguese composer, conductor and musicologist.	Fernando Lopes-Graça	Parede
place of death	Justina Morales (February 19, 1987 -- December 31, 1995) was an American girl from the Bedford-Stuyvesant section of Brooklyn, New York, who was killed at the age of eight years by her mother's boyfriend, Luis Santiago, on New Year's Eve in 1995.	Justina Morales	Brooklyn
place of death	Lothar Franz von Schönborn (4 October 1655 -- 30 January 1729) was the Archbishop-Elector of Mainz from 1694 to 1729 and the Bishop of Bamberg from 1693 to 1729.	Lothar Franz von Schönborn	Mainz
place of death	Adolf Martin Schlesinger (4 October 1769 -- 11 October 1838) was a German music publisher whose firm became one of the most influential in Berlin in the early nineteenth century.	Adolf Martin Schlesinger	Berlin
place of death	Franz Botho Graef (12 October 1857, Berlin -- 9 April 1917, Königstein im Taunus) was a German classical archaeologist and art historian.	Botho Graef	Königstein im Taunus
place of death	Rozalia Lubomirska (September 16, 1768 in Czernobyl -- June 29, 1794 in Paris) was a Polish noblewoman, most noted for her death.	Rozalia Lubomirska	Paris
place of death	Friedrich von Gerok (19 November 1786 in Weilheim - 2 July 1865 in Stuttgart) was a German theologian.	Friedrich von Gerok	Stuttgart
place of death	Edwin ``Ed'' Wilkes (June 18, 1931 -- December 21, 1998), known professionally as Big Ed Wilkes, was a popular radio personality in Lubbock, Texas, who combined humor with hard news reporting on his own morning talk show on station KRFE (580 AM).	Ed Wilkes	Lubbock
place of death	Giuseppe Vavassori (June 29, 1934, Rivoli, Piedmont - November 21, 1983, Bologna) was an Italian professional football player.	Giuseppe Vavassori	Bologna
place of death	S. Roy Luby born Solomon Roy Luby on 8 August 1904, New York City died 19 August 1976 in Los Angeles was an American animator, editor, and film director.	S. Roy Luby	Los Angeles
place of death	Hans Steffen Hoffman (20 July 1865, in Fürstenwerder, Prussia -- 7 April 1937, in Davos, Switzerland) was a German geographer and explorer of Aysén Region in western Patagonia.	Hans Steffen	Davos
place of death	Constantin Dausch (November 30, 1841 in Waldsee, Württemberg - July 12, 1908 in Rome) was a German sculptor.	Constantin Dausch	Rome
place of death	Mario Nuzzi, or Mario de' Fiori (1603 in Penne, Province of Pescara--1673 in Rome) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Rome.	Mario Nuzzi	Rome
place of death	Georgios Rallis was born on 26 December 1918 in the prestigious Kolonaki district of Athens.	Georgios Rallis	Athens
place of death	Jens August Schade (10 January 1903, Skive, Denmark - 11 November 1978, Copenhagen) was a Danish poet.	Jens August Schade	Copenhagen
place of death	Giulio Ricordi (19 December 1840 in Milan -- 6 June 1912 in Milan) was an Italian editor and musician who joined the family firm, the Casa Ricordi music publishing house, in 1863, then run by his father, Tito, the son of the company's founder Giovanni Ricordi.	Giulio Ricordi	Milan
place of death	Primo Nebiolo (14 July 1923, Turin -- 7 November 1999, Rome) was an Italian sports official, best known as president of the worldwide athletics federation International Association of Athletics Federations.	Primo Nebiolo	Rome
place of death	Hedwig Conrad-Martius (born in Berlin on 27 February 1888; died in Starnberg on 15 February 1966) was a German phenomenologist who became a Christian mystic.	Hedwig Conrad-Martius	Starnberg
place of death	Pilar López Júlvez (4 June 1912, San Sebastián -- 25 March 2008, Madrid) was a Spanish choreographer and ballerina.	Pilar López Júlvez	Madrid
place of death	According to a transcript dating from 1304, in 925 Æthelstan gave a charter of privileges to St Oswald's Priory, Gloucester, where his aunt and uncle were buried, ``according to a pact of paternal piety which he formerly pledged with Æthelred, ealdorman of the people of the Mercians''.	Æthelstan	Gloucester
place of death	Harry Bruce Woolfe (1880, Marylebone, London - 1965, Brighton) was an English film producer and occasional director who founded British Instructional Films.	Harry Bruce Woolfe	Brighton
place of death	Rosemary Goldie was born in Manly, New South Wales and raised by her maternal grandmother.	Rosemary Goldie	Manly
place of death	Josef Smrkovský (26 February 1911 -- 15 January 1974) was a Czechoslovak politician and a member of the Communist Party reform wing during the 1968 Prague Spring.	Josef Smrkovský	Prague
place of death	Luigi Andreoni or Luis Andreoni (Vercelli, Italy, October 7, 1853 -- Montevideo, May 20, 1936) was an Italian engineer and architect of outstanding performance in Uruguay.	Luis Andreoni	Montevideo
place of death	Louis Poinsot, Théorie nouvelle de la rotation des corps (1834) Louis was born in Paris on 3 January 1777.	Louis Poinsot	Paris
place of death	Jean-Joseph Mouret (11 April 1682 in Avignon -- 22 December 1738 in Charenton-le-Pont) was a French composer whose dramatic works made him one of the leading exponents of Baroque music in his country.	Jean-Joseph Mouret	Charenton-le-Pont
place of death	Louis Paulsen (15 January 1833 in Gut Nassengrund near Blomberg, Principality of Lippe -- 18 August 1891) was a German chess player.	Louis Paulsen	Blomberg
place of death	Heinrich Gottfried Ollendorff (1803, Rawicz near Posen -- 3 April 1865, Paris) was a German grammarian and language educator.	Heinrich Gottfried Ollendorff	Paris
place of death	Georg Witkowski (September 11, 1863, Berlin - September 11, 1939, Amsterdam) was a German literary historian.	Georg Witkowski	Amsterdam
place of death	Raja Digambar Mitra (1817 - 1879) was one of the leading Derozians and first Bengali Sheriff of Kolkata.	Digambar Mitra	Kolkata
place of death	Antonije Znorić (Vnorovy, Habsburg Monarchy, beginning of the 17th century -- Lugoj, Ottoman Empire September 21, 1695) was a military officer (colonel) of the Habsburg army and the commander of the Serbian Militia during the Great Turkish War.	Antonije Znorić	Lugoj
place of death	Born in 1870 in Péronne, Max Sainsaulieu was formed in architecture with Edmond Duthoit, Inspector of Historic Monuments in Algeria, before joining in 1891 the École Nationale Supérieure des Beaux-Arts in Paris.	Max Sainsaulieu	Paris
place of death	Theodore Erasmus Hilgard (7 July 1790 Marnheim - 14 February 1873 Heidelberg) was a lawyer, viticulturalist and Latin farmer.	Theodore Erasmus Hilgard	Heidelberg
place of death	Józef Brandt (1841 in Szczebrzeszyn -- 1915 in Radom) was a Polish painter, best known for his paintings of battles.	Józef Brandt	Radom
place of death	Vincenzo Tiberio (May 1, 1869 -- January 7, 1915) was an Italian researcher and medical officer of the Medical Corps of the Italian Navy and physician at the University of Naples.	Vincenzo Tiberio	Naples
place of death	Josef Oberhauser was born in Munich during World War I. He was the son of Melchior Oberhauser, and he grew up with his parents.	Josef Oberhauser	Munich
place of death	On 15 September 2013, Jackie Lomax died after a short illness, on the Wirral Peninsula while staying in England for the wedding of his daughter.	Jackie Lomax	Wirral Peninsula
place of death	Born in Paris, Germaine Lubin was soon taken to Cayenne in French Guiana where her father was a doctor, and from him she received her first piano lessons.	Germaine Lubin	Paris
place of death	Władysław Szafer (July 23, 1886 - November 16, 1970) was a Polish botanist, quaternary geologist and professor of botany at the Jagiellonian University in Kraków.	Władysław Szafer	Kraków
place of death	Born in South Pasadena, California to Everett Dale and Pauline S. Walker, Cheryl Walker won the 1938 Tournament of Roses pageant leading to a brief career as a model and the beginning of a brief film career.	Cheryl Walker	Pasadena
place of death	Friedrich Panse (born December 31, 1899 in Essen -- died 6 December 1973 in Bochum) was a German psychiatrist who was involved with the Nazi T-4 Euthanasia Program.	Friedrich Panse	Bochum
place of death	Fortunatus Hueber (21 November 1639, Neustadt an der Donau - 12 February 1706, Munich) was a German Franciscan historian and theologian.	Fortunatus Hueber	Munich
place of death	Scipion Dupleix, lord of Clarens (Condom, 1569 -- Condom, 1661), was a French historian.	Scipion Dupleix	Condom
place of death	Leonetto Cappiello (9. April 1875 in Livorno, Italy -- 2. February 1942 in Cannes, France) was an Italian and French poster art designer who lived in Paris.	Leonetto Cappiello	Cannes
place of death	Pietro Chesi (24 November 1902 in Gambassi Terme - 15 August 1944 in Florence) was an Italian cyclist.	Pietro Chesi	Florence
place of death	Eduard Scotland (1885--1945) was a German architect active in Bremen.	Eduard Scotland	Bremen
place of death	Pete Henderson (18 February 1895 Arran, Ontario -- 19 June 1940 Los Angeles, California) was a Canadian racecar driver.	Pete Henderson	Los Angeles
place of death	Pierre Baste (21 November 1768, Bordeaux - 29 January 1814, Brienne-le-Château) was a French admiral.	Pierre Baste	Brienne-le-Château
place of death	Joseph Urban (May 26, 1872, Vienna -- July 10, 1933, New York City) was an Austrian-American architect, illustrator and scenic designer.	Joseph Urban	New York City
place of death	Charles II de Croÿ (31 July 1522 -- Quiévrain, 24 June 1551) was Seigneur de Croÿ, 2nd Duke of Aarschot, 3rd Prince of Chimay and 3rd Count of Beaumont.	Charles II de Croÿ	Quiévrain
place of death	Baby Boy Warren (August 13, 1919 -- July 1, 1977) was an American blues singer and guitarist who was a leading figure on the Detroit blues scene in the 1950s.	Baby Boy Warren	Detroit
place of death	Donald S. Sanford died at a hospital in Atlanta, Georgia, on February 8, 2011, at the age of 92.	Donald S. Sanford	Atlanta
place of death	Antonio Mancinelli (6 December 1452 - 1505) was a humanist pedagogue, grammarian, and rhetorician from Velletri who taught in Venice, Rome, and Orvieto.	Antonio Mancinelli	Rome
place of death	Menyhért Palágyi, in German Melchior or Meinhert Palagyi (16 December 1859, Paks, Hungary - 14 July 1924, Darmstadt, Germany) was a Hungarian philosopher, mathematician, and physicist of Jewish descent (his original name was Silberstein).	Menyhért Palágyi	Darmstadt
place of death	Following the success of ``Infinity'', Guru Josh moved to Ibiza, concentrating on art and running a promotions company.	Guru Josh	Ibiza
place of death	Jean-Baptiste Paul Cabet (1 February 1815, Nuits, Yonne -- 1876, Paris), was a French sculptor.	Paul Cabet	Paris
place of death	Chan Sy died in a Moscow hospital, where he was being treated for a cardiac ailment, in December 1984.	Chan Sy	Moscow
place of death	Mohammad Bagher Shafti (1761 in Charazeh - 22 March 1844 in Isfahan), also known as Rashti and Bidabadi, was an Iranian shia clergyman.	Mohammad Bagher Shafti	Isfahan
place of death	Raffaello Bertieri (1875--1941) was a publisher, graphic designer, and type designer from Florence, Italy.	Raffaello Bertieri	Florence
place of death	Adam Georg von Agthe (12 August 1777, Ahrensburg, now Kuressaare in Estonia - 26 August 1826, Kremenchuk, now in Ukraine) was a major general in the Imperial Russian Army during the Napoleonic Wars.	Adam Georg von Agthe	Kremenchuk
place of death	Magdaléna Štrompachová (Slovak pronunciation: (ˈmaɡdaleːna ˈʃtrompaxoʋaː); née Magdolna Drescher, Budapest, September 23, 1919 - Bratislava, November 17, 1988) was a Hungarian-Slovak painter and restorer.	Magdaléna Štrompachová	Bratislava
place of death	Dominique-François-Xavier Boisselot (Montpellier, 3 December 1811 -- Paris, 8 April 1893) was a French composer and musical-instrument manufacturer.	Xavier Boisselot	Paris
place of death	Fritz von Unruh (German: (ˈʊnʀuː); 10 May 1885 in Koblenz, Rhine Province -- 28 November 1970 in Diez an der Lahn) was a German Expressionist dramatist, poet, and novelist.	Fritz von Unruh	Diez
place of death	Florence Li Tim-Oi (Chinese: 李添嬡 Cantonese Lei Tim'oi, Mandarin Li Tian'ai; 5 May 1907 in Hong Kong -- 26 February 1992 in Toronto) was the first woman to be ordained to the priesthood in the Anglican Communion.	Florence Li Tim-Oi	Toronto
place of death	Frank Reys (c.1931--1984) was the first, and to date, only Australian Aboriginal jockey to win the prestigious Melbourne Cup when, in 1973, he rode to victory on Gala Supreme.	Frank Reys	Melbourne
place of death	Julius Schoppe (27 January 1795, Berlin - 30 March 1868, Berlin) was a German portrait, landscape, history and fresco painter in the Biedermeier style.	Julius Schoppe	Berlin
place of death	Adolf Černý (1864--1952) was a Czech poet and journalist, as well as professor of Slavic studies in Prague.	Adolf Černý	Prague
place of death	Paulinus Costa (19 October 1936 -- 3 January 2015) was Roman Catholic Archbishop of the archdiocese of Dhaka from 2005 until his retirement on October 22, 2011.	Paulinus Costa	Dhaka
place of death	Hugo Richard Jüngst (born 26 February 1853 in Dresden; died 3 March 1923) was a German composer and choir-leader.	Hugo Richard Jüngst	Dresden
place of death	Tadeáš Hájek z Hájku (Czech pronunciation: (ˈtadeaːʃ ˈɦaːjɛk ˈzɦaːjku)) (1 December 1525 in Prague -- 1 September 1600 in Prague), also known as Tadeáš Hájek of Hájek, Thaddaeus Hagecius ab Hayek or Thaddeus Nemicus, was the personal physician of the Holy Roman Emperor Rudolph II and a Bohemian astronomer.	Tadeáš Hájek	Prague
place of death	Andrea Dunbar (22 May 1961 - 20 December 1990) was a British playwright best known for The Arbor and Rita, Sue and Bob Too, an autobiographical drama about the sexual adventures of teenage girls living in a run-down part of Bradford, West Yorkshire.	Andrea Dunbar	West Yorkshire
place of death	Adélaïde Victoire Hall, called Adèle (11 May 1772, in Paris -- 14 October 1844, in Paris), was a Swedish-French artist and noble (marquise).	Adélaïde Victoire Hall	Paris
place of death	Denis de Sallo, Sieur de la Coudraye (1626 - May 14, 1669) was a French writer and lawyer from Paris, known as the founder of the first French literary and scientific journal - the Journal des sçavans (later renamed Journal des savants).	Denis de Sallo	Paris
place of death	John Henry Kirwan (9 February 1878, County Wicklow, Ireland -- 9 January 1959, London, UK), commonly referred to as John Kirwan or Jack Kirwan, is a former Irish footballer and coach.	Jack Kirwan	London
place of death	Géza Képes (February 1, 1909, Mátészalka, Hungary -- August 19, 1989, Budapest, Hungary) was a Hungarian poet, translator and polyglot.	Géza Képes	Budapest
place of death	Moritz Kurt Dinter (10 June 1868 in Bautzen -- 16 December 1945 in Neukirch/Lausitz), was a German botanist and explorer in South West Africa.	Kurt Dinter	Neukirch/Lausitz
place of death	Jean-Louis Scherrer (19 February 1935, Paris -- 20 June 2013, Paris ) was a Parisian fashion designer and couturier.	Jean-Louis Scherrer	Paris
place of death	Jules Antoine Lissajous (French pronunciation: ​(ʒyl ɑ̃twan lisaʒu)) (March 4, 1822, Versailles -- June 24, 1880, Plombières-les-Bains) was a French physicist, after whom Lissajous figures are named.	Jules Antoine Lissajous	Plombières-les-Bains
place of death	Claude Perrault (25 September 1613 -- 9 October 1688) was a French architect, best known for his participation in the design of the east facade of the Louvre in Paris.	Claude Perrault	Paris
place of death	Christian Leopold Bode (born 11 March 1831 in Offenbach am Main, died 26 July 1906 in Frankfurt am Main) was a German historical painter and graphic artist.	Leopold Bode	Frankfurt
place of death	Stanislav Látal (Samotišky, near Olomouc, 7 May 1919-Prague, 4 August 1994) was a Czech puppet-film maker and animator.	Stanislav Látal	Prague
place of death	Michael Balling (27 August 1866 in Heidingsfeld, near Würzburg -- 1 September 1925 in Darmstadt) was a German violist and conductor.	Michael Balling	Darmstadt
place of death	Saint Laura of Cordoba (Spanish: Santa Laura de Córdoba; died 864) was a Spanish Christian who lived in Muslim Spain during the 9th century.	Saint Laura	Córdoba
place of death	Carl Gottfried Wilhelm Taubert (Berlin, 23 March 1811 -- Berlin, 7 January 1891) was a German pianist, composer, and conductor, father of philologist and writer Emil Taubert.	Wilhelm Taubert	Berlin
place of death	John Tzetzes (Greek: Ἰωάννης Τζέτζης) (c. 1110, Constantinople -- 1180, Constantinople) was a Byzantine poet and grammarian, known to have lived at Constantinople during the 12th century.	John Tzetzes	Constantinople
place of death	Jean-André Rixens (30 November 1846 in Saint-Gaudens -- 21 February 1925 in Paris) was a French painter and muralist, notable for his part in the decoration of the Capitole de Toulouse (Salle des Illustres) and of the Hôtel de ville de Paris (Salon des Sciences).	Jean-André Rixens	Paris
place of death	Frances Rafferty died in 2004 in Paso Robles, California, just three months after the passing of her December Bride costar Dean Miller.	Frances Rafferty	Paso Robles, California
place of death	Adolf Ferdinand Wenceslaus Brix (born February 20, 1798 in Wesel, died February 14, 1870 in Charlottenburg, Berlin) was a German mathematician and engineer.	Adolf Ferdinand Wenceslaus Brix	Charlottenburg
place of death	Marcel-Henri Gaussen (14 July 1891 in Cabrières-d'Aigues (Vaucluse) - 27 July 1981 in Toulouse), was a French botanist and biogeographer.	Henri Gaussen	Toulouse
place of death	Michael Neher (1798 at Munich -- 1876 in Munich), the son of Joseph Neher, a citizen and painter of that city, but of a family from Biberach.	Michael Neher	Munich
place of death	Milt Dunnell (December 24, 1905 -- January 3, 2008) was a Canadian sportswriter, known chiefly for his work at the Toronto Star.	Milt Dunnell	Toronto
place of death	Emil Georg Bührle (31 August 1890 in Pforzheim -- November 26, 1956 in Zürich) was an arms manufacturer, art collector and patron.	Emil Georg Bührle	Zürich
place of death	Johann Friedrich Ruthe Ruthé or von Ruthe (16 April 1788, in Eggenstädt near Hildesheim - 24 August 1859 Berlin) was a German teacher (Oberlehrer), botanist and entomologist.	Johann Friedrich Ruthe	Berlin
place of death	Osyp Yuriy Fedkovych (Ukrainian: О́сип Ю́рій Федько́вич, 8 August 1834, Putyla - 11 January 1888, Chernivtsi) was a Ukrainian writer, poet, folklorist and translator.	Yuriy Fedkovych	Chernivtsi
place of death	Stanislav Vydra (November 13, 1741 in Hradec Králové -- December 2, 1804 in Prague) was a Bohemian Jesuit priest, writer, mathematician.	Stanislav Vydra	Prague
place of death	Paul Matthieu Hermann Laurent (2 September 1841 Luxembourg City -- 19 February 1908 Paris, France) was a French mathematician.	Paul Matthieu Hermann Laurent	Paris
place of death	Bruno Bauch (German: (baʊχ); January 19, 1877, Groß-Nossen -- February 27, 1942, Jena) was a German Neo-Kantian philosopher.	Bruno Bauch	Jena
place of death	Andrea Di Giovanni y Centellés (Messina, 3 February 1742 -- Catania, 10 June 1821) was an Italian nobleman and lieutenant of the Order of Saint John from 1814 until his death.	Andrea Di Giovanni y Centellés	Catania
place of death	Miloslav Ištvan (2 September 1928 in Olomouc -- 26 January 1990, in Brno) was a Czech composer whose work was inspired by the works of Béla Bartók and by the orientation of the modal style of folk songs.	Miloslav Ištvan	Brno
place of death	Johnny Moncada (Rome, 1928 -- Rome 2011) was an Italian fashion photographer.	Johnny Moncada	Rome
place of death	Olga Taussky-Todd (August 30, 1906, Olomouc, Moravia -- October 7, 1995, Pasadena, California) was an Austrian and later Czech-American mathematician.	Olga Taussky-Todd	Pasadena
place of death	Adriaen Foly (1664, Copenhagen -- 1701, Copenhagen), was a Danish painter.	Adriaen Foly	Copenhagen
place of death	Peter Ochs (20 August 1752, Nantes, France - 19 June 1821, Basel, Switzerland) was a Swiss politician who is best known for drawing up the first constitution of the short-lived Helvetic Republic.	Peter Ochs	Basel
place of death	Freddie Kohlman (August 25, 1918 - September 29, 1990) was an American jazz drummer, vocalist, and bandleader who was a native of New Orleans.	Freddie Kohlman	New Orleans
place of death	Julijans Vaivods (18 August 1895 in Vārkava, Latgale, Vitebsk Governorate -- 24 May 1990 in Riga, Soviet Union) was the Apostolic Administrator of Riga and of Liepāja from 10 November 1964 to his death, and Cardinal Priest of Santi Quattro Coronati from 1983 to his death.	Julijans Vaivods	Riga
place of death	Pietro Scalvini (1718--1792) was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque and Neoclassic period, active in Brescia.	Pietro Scalvini	Brescia
place of death	Włodzimierz Wolski (9 October 1824, Pultusk -- 29 July 1882, Brussels) was a Polish poet, novelist, translator, and librettist.	Włodzimierz Wolski	Brussels
place of death	Friedrich Rupp was shot down on 15 May 1943 over the North Sea, he was posthumously promoted to Oberleutnant.	Friedrich Rupp	North Sea
place of death	Ernst Lindenbauer (18 November 1881 Lichtenegg/Wels -- 22 April 1961 Vienna) was Chief Rider from 1919 - 1950 at the Spanish Riding School in Vienna.	Ernst Lindenbauer	Vienna
place of death	Karl von Krempler, later only Karl Krempler, (26 May 1896, Pirot, Kingdom of Serbia -- 17 April 1971, Salzburg, Austria) was a senior SS Standartenführer and SS-und Polizeiführer during World War II responsible for recruiting Muslims from Bosnia and the Sanjak region into the Waffen SS.	Karl von Krempler	Salzburg
place of death	Karl Theodor Gaedertz (8 January 1855, Lübeck -- 8 July 1912, Berlin) was a German librarian and literary historian, best known for his writings on the Low German author Fritz Reuter.	Karl Theodor Gaedertz	Berlin
place of death	Hinrich Nitsche (14 February 1845, in Breslau -- 8 November 1902, in Tharandt) was a German zoologist.	Hinrich Nitsche	Tharandt
place of death	Sir James Baddiley FRS FRSE (15 May 1918, in Manchester -- 17 November 2008, in Cambridge) was a British biochemist.	James Baddiley	Cambridge
place of death	Lajos Tihanyi (29 October 1885- 11 June 1938) was a Hungarian painter and lithographer who achieved international renown working outside his country, primarily in Paris, France.	Lajos Tihanyi	Paris
place of death	Lee Wallard (September 7, 1910 Schenectady, New York -- November 29, 1963 St. Petersburg, Florida ) was an American race car driver.	Lee Wallard	St. Petersburg
place of death	Pope Hyginus (died c. 142) was the Bishop of Rome from c. 138 to c. 142.	Pope Hyginus	Rome
place of death	María del Carmen Mondragón Valseca, also known as ``Nahui Olin'' (b. Tacubaya, today Mexico City, July 8, 1893 -- d. Mexico City, January 23, 1978) was a Mexican artist's model, painter and poet.	Carmen Mondragón	Mexico City
place of death	Jo Ann Algermissen, née Hudson (27 August 1942 -- 20 November 2009 in Texas) was a United States writer of contemporary romance novels, who also wrote under her maiden name Anna Hudson from 1983 to 1998.	Jo Ann Algermissen	Texas
place of death	August Bebel died on 13 August 1913 of a heart attack during a visit to a sanatorium in Passugg, Switzerland.	August Bebel	Passugg
place of death	Several buildings have been named in honor of Rustin, including the Bayard Rustin Educational Complex located in Chelsea, Manhattan;	Bayard Rustin	Manhattan
place of death	Antonio Braga (22 January 1929 -- 26 May 2009 in Naples) was an Italian classical composer.	Antonio Braga	Naples
place of death	Gold Medalist and winner of the Chamber Music prize at the Seventh Van Cliburn International Piano Competition, José Feghali was an Artist-in-Residence at TCU's School of Music in Fort Worth since 1990.	José Feghali	Fort Worth
place of death	Constantin Coandă (1857, Craiova -- 1932 Bucharest) was a Romanian soldier and politician.	Constantin Coandă	Bucharest
place of death	Bernard Patrick Devlin, KC*HS, CMG, GMH (10 March 1921, Youghal -- 15 December 2010, Gibraltar) was an Irish clergyman of the Roman Catholic Church.	Bernard Patrick Devlin	Gibraltar
place of death	Esteban Laureano Maradona (born Esperanza, provincia de Santa Fe, Argentina 4 July 1895 -- died Rosario, Argentina January 14, 1995) was a country doctor, naturalist, writer, and philanthropist.	Esteban Laureano Maradona	Rosario
place of death	Marie-Élisabeth Noblet (24 November 1801, Paris -- September 1852, Paris), known by her stage name of Lise Noblet, was a French ballet dancer.	Lise Noblet	Paris
place of death	Herbert J. Krapp (1887, New York City, - 1973, Florida) was a theatre architect and designer in the early part of the twentieth century.	Herbert J. Krapp	Florida
place of death	Heinz Ellenberg (August 1, 1913 in Harburg (Elbe) -- May 2, 1997 in Göttingen) was a German biologist, botanist and ecologist.	Heinz Ellenberg	Göttingen
place of death	Edmund Pfleiderer (October 12, 1842, Stetten im Remstal (now a part of Kernen, Baden-Württemberg) -- April 3, 1902, Tübingen) was a German philosopher and theologian.	Edmund Pfleiderer	Tübingen
place of death	Rudolf Sieczyński (1879, Vienna -- 1952, Vienna) was an Austrian composer of Polish ancestry.	Rudolf Sieczyński	Vienna
place of death	Edgar Jepson died on 11 April 1938 at his home in Hampstead.	Edgar Jepson	Hampstead
place of death	Yvan Ducharme was a québécois actor (born 24 August 1937 in Rouyn-Noranda, died 21 March 2013 in Laval, Quebec).	Yvan Ducharme	Laval
place of death	Archduchess Maria Josepha of Austria (19 March 1751, in Vienna -- 15 October 1767).	Archduchess Maria Josepha of Austria	Vienna
place of death	Annibale Gonzaga (1602 - Vienna, 2 August 1668) was commander of the city of Vienna, imperial field marshal and president of the Hofkriegsrat.	Annibale Gonzaga	Vienna
place of death	Ivan Morris died of cancer in Bologna, Italy, on 19 July 1976.	Ivan Morris	Bologna
place of death	Béla Czóbel (1883--1976) was a Hungarian painter, known for his association with The Eight in the early 20th century in Budapest.	Béla Czóbel	Budapest
place of death	Else Klink (23 October 1907 in Kabakada, Bismarck Archipelago to 18 October 1994 in Köngen, Germany) was director of the Eurythmeum Stuttgart, the first training centre for Eurythmy founded by Marie Steiner in 1923, from 1935 until 1991.	Else Klink	Köngen
place of death	Wolfgang Hilbig (born in Meuselwitz on 31 August 1941; died in Berlin on 2 June 2007) was a German author and poet.	Wolfgang Hilbig	Berlin
place of death	Raffaello Petrucci (Siena, 1472 - Rome, 11 December 1522) was a Cardinal and Roman Catholic bishop.	Raffaello Petrucci	Rome
place of death	Jan Kraeck (1540, Haarlem -- 1607, Turin), was a Dutch Renaissance painter who travelled to Italy and remained there.	Jan Kraeck	Turin
place of death	Leopoldo Franchetti (Livorno, May 31, 1847 -- Rome, November 4, 1917), was an Italian publicist and politician.	Leopoldo Franchetti	Rome
place of death	Aloïs Boudry (12 August 1851, Ypres - 27 November 1938, Antwerp) was a Belgian painter known for his portraits, still lifes and interiors.	Aloïs Boudry	Antwerp
place of death	Lucius Robinson (November 4, 1810, Windham, New York -- March 23, 1891, Elmira, New York) was an American lawyer and politician.	Lucius Robinson	Elmira
place of death	Jacob van Artevelde ( listen ; c. 1290 -- 17 or 24 July 1345), also known as The Wise Man and the Brewer of Ghent, was a Flemish statesman and political leader.	Jacob van Artevelde	Ghent
place of death	Antonio Gherardi (20 September 1638 -- 10 May 1702) was an Italian painter, architect, and sculptor (stuccoist) of the Baroque style, active mainly in and near Rome and his native city of Rieti.	Antonio Gherardi	Rome
place of death	Marino Morosini (1181 in Venice -- January 1, 1253 in Venice) was the 44th doge of Venice.	Marino Morosini	Venice
place of death	Emil Haussmann (11 October 1910 in Ravensburg -- 31 July 1947 in Nuremberg) was a German SS-Sturmbannführer, in Einsatzkommando 12 of Einsatzgruppe D, which perpetrated the Holocaust in occupied Ukraine.	Emil Haussmann	Nuremberg
place of death	Walter Trier (25 June 1890, Prague -- 8 July 1951 Craigleith, near Collingwood, Ontario, Canada) was an illustrator, best known for his work for the children's books of Erich Kästner and the covers of the magazine Lilliput.	Walter Trier	Canada
place of death	Necil Kazım Akses (May 6, 1908, Istanbul -- February 16, 1999, Ankara, Turkey) was a Turkish classical composer.	Necil Kazım Akses	Ankara
place of death	Maurizio Maraviglia (15 January 1878, Paola, Calabria - 26 September 1955, Rome) was an Italian politician and academic.	Maurizio Maraviglia	Rome
place of death	Rudolf Beran (28 December 1887, Pracejovice, Strakonice District -- 23 April 1954, Leopoldov Prison) was a Czechoslovak politician who served as prime minister of the country before its occupation by Nazi Germany and shortly thereafter, before it was declared a protectorate.	Rudolf Beran	Leopoldov
place of death	Heinrich Gärtner (1828 Neustrelitz - 1909 Dresden) was a German landscape painter.	Heinrich Gärtner	Dresden
place of death	Constantine Walter Benson OBE (England, 2 February 1909 -- Cambridge, England, 21 September 1982) was a British ornithologist and author of over 350 publications.	Constantine Walter Benson	Cambridge
place of death	Inge Wersin-Lantschner, née Inge Lantschner (26 January 1905 in Innsbruck -- 16 June 1997 in Innsbruck) is an Austrian alpine skier and world champion.	Inge Wersin-Lantschner	Innsbruck
place of death	Charles-François Toustain (born at Repas in the diocese of Séez, France, 13 October 1700, died at Saint-Denis, 1 July 1754) was a French historian and Benedictine, member of the Congregation of St-Maur.	Charles-François Toustain	Saint-Denis
place of death	Ahmet Zeki Soydemir (1883; Salonica (Thessaloniki) - Sep 4, 1954; Istanbul) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and the general of the Turkish Army.	Ahmet Zeki Soydemir	Istanbul
place of death	Côme-Damien Degland (6 September 1787 - 1 July 1856, Lille) was a French physician and zoologist.	Côme-Damien Degland	Lille
place of death	Manuel Delgado Villegas died on February 2, 1998 at the Hospital Can Ruti in Badalona as a result of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.	Manuel Delgado Villegas	Badalona
place of death	Václav Morávek (August 8, 1904, Kolín - March 21, 1942, Prague) was Czechoslovak Brigadier General and national hero, one of best known personalities of Czech antinazi rezistance and member of famous resistance group called Three Kings.	Václav Morávek	Prague
place of death	George Henry Loskiel (Latvian: Georgs Heinrihs Loskīls; German: Georg Heinrich Loskiel) (7 November 1740 in Rinda, Latvia -- 23 February 1814 in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania) was presiding bishop of the northern district of the American province of the Moravian Church (1802--1811).	George Henry Loskiel	Bethlehem
place of death	Tatyana Pavlovna Ehrenfest, later van Aardenne-Ehrenfest, (Vienna, October 28, 1905 -- Dordrecht, November 29, 1984) was a Dutch mathematician.	Tatyana Pavlovna Ehrenfest	Dordrecht
place of death	Albert Suerbeer (ca. 1200 -- 1273) was the first Archbishop of Riga in Livonia.	Albert Suerbeer	Riga
place of death	Louis Joseph Sanson (24 January 1790, Paris - 2 August 1841, Paris) was a French surgeon and ophthalmologist.	Louis Joseph Sanson	Paris
place of death	Félix Lévitan (b. Paris, 12 October 1911-- d. Cannes 18 February 2007) was the third organiser of the Tour de France, a role he shared for much of the time with Jacques Goddet.	Félix Lévitan	Cannes
place of death	Oberfeldwebel (flight sergeant) Maximilian Volke (Munich, Germany, 1915 -- Modena, Italy, 9 September 1944) was a German 37-victory fighter ace of the Luftwaffe's Jagdgeschwader 77.	Maximilian Volke	Modena
place of death	Julie von Webenau née Baroni-Cavalcabò, (16 October 1813, Lemberg -- 2 July 1887, Graz), was a German-Austrian composer.	Julie von Webenau	Graz
place of death	Joseph André (14 March 1908 -- 1 June 1973) was a Catholic priest of the diocese of Namur, Belgium.	Joseph André	Namur
place of death	Mordechaj Tenenbaum ( מרדכי טענענבוים) (born 1916 in Warsaw -- 20 August 1943 in Białystok, Poland) was a member of the Żydowska Organizacja Bojowa (Jewish Fighting Organization) and a leader of the Białystok Ghetto Uprising.	Mordechaj Tenenbaum	Białystok
place of death	Giuseppe Ottavio Pitoni (Rieti, 18 March 1657 -- Rome, 1 February 1743) was an organist and composer from Perugia, Italy.	Giuseppe Ottavio Pitoni	Rome
place of death	Antony van der Does (alternate spellings of first name: Anthony and Antonie) (Antwerp, 1609 -- Antwerp, 1680) was a Flemish engraver and print maker.	Antony van der Does	Antwerp
place of death	Eduard Kaiser (22 February 1820 in Graz -- 30 August 1895 in Vienna) was an Austrian painter and lithographer, as was his brother Alexander Kaiser (1819--1872).	Eduard Kaiser	Vienna
place of death	Hanuš Wihan was born in Police nad Metují and studied with František Hegenbarth (1881--87) at the Prague Conservatory from the age of 13, finishing his studies with Karl Davydov at the St. Petersburg Conservatory.	Hanuš Wihan	Prague
place of death	James Brockway (21 October 1916 -- 15 December 2000) was an English poet and translator, who was born in Birmingham and migrated to The Hague, the Netherlands, where he died.	James Brockway	The Hague
place of death	László Szollás (November 13, 1907, in Budapest, Hungary -- October 4, 1980) was a Hungarian pair skater.	László Szollás	Budapest
place of death	Saint Juan de Ribera was born in the city of Seville, Spain, on 20 March 1532 and died in Valencia on 6 January 1611.	Juan de Ribera	Valencia
place of death	Augusto Rivalta (1835 or 1838 -- April 14, 1925 in Florence) was an Italian sculptor.	Augusto Rivalta	Florence
place of death	Joachim Wandel was killed on 7 October 1942 when he was shot down and crashed near Oschtaschkow, Russia.	Joachim Wandel	Russia
place of death	Peter Gilmore died in London on 3 February 2013, aged 81.	Peter Gilmore	London
place of death	Vicente Filisola (sometimes Vicente Filísola, with an acute accent on the second syllable) (c. 1789, Ravello, Italy -- July 23, 1850, Mexico City) was a Spanish military figure, Mexican military and political figure in the 19th century.	Vicente Filisola	Mexico City
place of death	Otakar Ostrčil (25 February 1879 in Prague -- 20 August 1935 in Prague) was a Czech composer and conductor.	Otakar Ostrčil	Prague
place of death	Princess Wilhelmina Caroline of Denmark (Danish: Vilhelmina Karoline, German: Wilhelmina Karolina) (10 July 1747 in Christiansborg Palace, Copenhagen -- 14 January 1820 in Kassel, was the Electress of Hesse-Kassel.	Princess Wilhelmina Caroline of Denmark	Kassel
place of death	Leopold Freiherr von Hauer (born 26 January 1854 in Budapest, Hungary, died on 3 May 1933, in Budapest) was a Colonel General in the Austro-Hungarian Army.	Leopold Freiherr von Hauer	Budapest
place of death	Manuel Silvela y García de Aragón (31 October 1781, Valladolid- 9 May 1832, Paris) was a Spanish writer, lawyer and magistrate.	Manuel Silvela y García de Aragón	Paris
place of death	Isidora Sekulić, Književni pogledi Isidore Sekulić (The Literary Views of Isidora Sekulić) Belgrade, Prosveta, 1986.	Isidora Sekulić	Belgrade
place of death	Louis Hippolyte Marie Nouet (born September 5, 1844 in Quimper - died February, 15 1933 in Vannes) was Governor General for Inde française in the Second French Colonial Empire under Third Republic.	Louis Hippolyte Marie Nouet	Vannes
place of death	Richard Coke (March 18, 1829 -- May 14, 1897) was an American lawyer, farmer, and statesman from Waco, Texas.	Richard Coke	Waco
place of death	Carlo Donelli (Milan, 1661--1715) was an Italian painter, known as Vimercati.	Carlo Donelli	Milan
place of death	Petre Mihai Bănărescu (born 15 September 1921 in Craiova, Dolj County -- died 12 May 2009 in Bucharest) was a Romanian ichthyologist.	Petre Mihai Bănărescu	Bucharest
place of death	Constantin Vișoianu (born February 4, 1897 in Urlaţi, Prahova County, Romania - died January 4, 1994 in Washington, D.C., United States) was a Romanian jurist, diplomat and politician.	Constantin Vișoianu	Washington, D.C.
place of death	On the restoration of King Charles II, Daniel Blagrave fled the country and settled at Aachen, in what is now Germany, where he died in 1668.	Daniel Blagrave	Aachen
place of death	John Robichaux, sometimes Robechaux (January 16, 1866, Thibodaux, Louisiana -- 1939, New Orleans), was an American jazz bandleader, drummer, and violinist.	John Robichaux	New Orleans
place of death	Manuel Palau Boix (1893-1967) was a Spanish composer and teacher in Valencia Conservatory.	Manuel Palau	Valencia
place of death	Jacob Knaani (Kishenev, 1894-Jerusalem, 1978) was a Moldavian born, later Israeli, lexicographer.	Jacob Knaani	Jerusalem
place of death	William Brenton (c. 1610--1674) was a colonial President, Deputy Governor, and Governor of the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, and an early settler of Portsmouth and Newport in the Rhode Island colony.	William Brenton	Newport
place of death	Reinhold Strassmann (or Straßmann) (24 January 1893 in Berlin -- late October 1944 in Auschwitz concentration camp) was a German mathematician who proved Strassmann's theorem.	Reinhold Strassmann	Auschwitz concentration camp
place of death	Jean-Baptiste Eugène Bellier de la Chavignerie (28 January, 1844, Chartres-25 September 1888, Évreux) was a French entomologist who specialised in Lepidoptera.	Jean-Baptiste Eugène Bellier de la Chavignerie	Évreux
place of death	Mieczysław Krawicz (1893--1944) was a Polish film director from Warsaw.	Mieczysław Krawicz	Warsaw
place of death	In early June, 1913, Robert Ridgway and his wife Julia (``Evvie'') moved to Olney, Illinois, to reduce physical and mental stress so that he might complete The Birds of North and Middle America, of which five of eight parts had already appeared.	Robert Ridgway	Olney
place of death	Kaucsár József (in Hungarian, his nationality) or Iosif Kaucsar (in Romanian), known in France as Joseph Kaucsar (20 September 1904 -- 1986) was a Hungarian (born in Romania)-French footballer who played for SO Montpellier and the France national team.	Joseph Kaucsar	France
place of death	Nawab Khair Bakhsh Marri died at a Karachi hospital on June 2014 after long illness.	Khair Bakhsh Marri	Karachi
place of death	Jafar al-Javad Khan Ziyad oghlu Qajar (c. 1748 -- 1804) was the last khan of Ganja khanate from 1786 to 1804.	Javad Khan	Ganja
place of death	James Hillhouse (October 20, 1754 -- December 29, 1832) was an American lawyer, real estate developer, and politician from New Haven, Connecticut.	James Hillhouse	New Haven, Connecticut
place of death	Giuseppe Levi (October 14, 1872 -- February 3, 1965) was an Italian anatomist and histologist, professor of human anatomy (since 1916) at the universities of Sassari, Palermo and Turin.	Giuseppe Levi	Turin
place of death	Marga Petersen (September 18, 1919 in Bremen -- September 22, 2002 in Ottersberg) was a German athlete who competed mainly in the sprints.	Marga Petersen	Ottersberg
place of death	Rear Admiral Charles E. Vreeland died in Atlantic City, New Jersey after a brief retirement marked by illness.	Charles E. Vreeland	Atlantic City
place of death	John Manners, 1st Duke of Rutland and 9th Earl of Rutland (29 May 1638 in Boughton -- 10 January 1711 in Belvoir Castle) was a British MP, and Whig politician.	John Manners, 1st Duke of Rutland	Belvoir Castle
place of death	Alexander Dahl (November 29, 1892 in Barmen -- December 15, 1978 in Wuppertal) was a German industrialist, author and balloonist.	Alexander Dahl	Wuppertal
place of death	Li Ching-Yuen was born at an uncertain date (see § Longevity below) in Qijiang Xian, Sichuan, Qing Empire.	Li Ching-Yuen	Sichuan
place of death	Franz Friedrich von Sturmfeder (11 December 1758, Mannheim -- 26 February 1828, Augsburg) was a German Roman Catholic priest.	Franz Friedrich von Sturmfeder	Augsburg
place of death	Theodor Georg Knorr (October 19, 1859 in Ruda bei Neumark, West Prussia -- April 15, 1911 in Davos, Switzerland), was an engineer and entrepreneur on the field of railroad technology and founder of the company Knorr-Bremse.	Georg Knorr	Davos
place of death	John Letcher was born in the town of Lexington in Rockbridge County, Virginia.	John Letcher	Lexington
place of death	Périclès Pantazis (Greek: Περικλής Πανταζής, Periklis Pantazis; 13 March 1849, Athens -- 25 January 1884, Brussels) was a major Greek impressionist painter of the 19th century who gained a great reputation as an artist initially in Belgium.	Périclès Pantazis	Brussels
place of death	Frank J. Corr (Brooklyn, New York January 12, 1877 -- June 3, 1934 in Chicago, Illinois) served as acting mayor of Chicago, Illinois in 1933, following the assassination of Anton Cermak.	Frank J. Corr	Chicago
place of death	Ayhan Işık (5 May 1929 İzmir - 16 June 1979 Istanbul) was one of the pioneers of the ``filmmakers cinema' and film actor in Turkey, the most loved Turkish leading actor in the 1950s and 1960s.	Ayhan Işık	Istanbul
place of death	Johannes Engelmann (7 July (O.S. 25 June) 1832 in Mitau, Courland (now Jelgava, Latvia) -- 17 September (O.S. 4 September) 1912 in Dorpat, Livonia (now Tartu, Estonia)) was a Baltic German jurist.	Johannes Engelmann	Tartu
place of death	William McGregor Paxton (June 22, 1869 -- 1941) was an American painter and instructor who embraced the Boston School paradigm and was a co-founder of The Guild of Boston Artists.	William McGregor Paxton	Boston
place of death	Johann Ludwig Knoop (15 May 1821 in Bremen - 14 August 1894 in Bremen) was a cotton merchant and entrepreneur from the city-state Free Hanseatic City of Bremen, who became one of the richest entrepreneurs in his time.	Ludwig Knoop	Bremen
place of death	Diego Hurtado de Mendoza y de la Cerda (c. 1500 -- Madrid, March 19, 1578), Duke of Francavilla and Prince of Melito, was a Spanish nobleman.	Diego Hurtado de Mendoza y de la Cerda	Madrid
place of death	Govert-Marinus Augustijn (Bergen op Zoom, 27 October 1871 -- Hilversum, 26 May 1963) was a Dutch potter in the style of the Art Nouveau.	Govert-Marinus Augustijn	Hilversum
place of death	Muriel Byck (4 June 1918, Ealing, London, England, UK -- 23 May 1944, Romorantin, France) was a heroine of the Special Operations Executive (SOE) during World War II.	Muriel Byck	Romorantin
place of death	Eli B. Ames (August 3, 1820 -- February 12, 1897) was a lawyer, postmaster, judge, and Democratic politician who served as the fourth mayor of Minneapolis, Minnesota.	Eli B. Ames	Minneapolis
place of death	Willy Moog (also: Wilhelm or Willi Moog; born 22 January 1888 in Neuengronau (community of Sinntal) -- 24 October 1935 in Braunschweig) was a German philosopher and educator.	Willy Moog	Braunschweig
place of death	Franco Levi (September 20, 1914 in Turin -- January 10, 2009) was an Italian engineer.	Franco Levi	Turin
place of death	On his passing in 1946 in Neuilly-sur-Seine, he was interred in the cemetery of his birthplace in Toulon where there is the Cinéma Raimu Toulon named in his honor.	Raimu	Neuilly-sur-Seine
place of death	Kintpuash, also known as Captain Jack (c.1837 -- October 3, 1873), was a chief of the Modoc tribe of California and Oregon.	Kintpuash	Oregon
place of death	Bruno Catarzi (January 5, 1903 in Signa -- January 21, 1996 in Florence) was an Italian sculptor and engraver.	Bruno Catarzi	Florence
place of death	Arifin Chairin Noer, commonly known as Arifin C. Noer (born 10 March 1941 in Cirebon, West Java and died in Jakarta, Indonesia on 28 May 1995) was an Indonesian poet, theater director and highly successful film producer.	Arifin C. Noer	Jakarta
place of death	Avram Mrazović (Serbian: Аврам Мразовић; 12 March 1756, Sombor - 20 February 1826, Sombor) was a Serbian writer, translator, pedagogue, aristocrat and Senator of the Free Royal City of Sombor, part of the Military Frontier of the Austro-Hungarian Empire.	Avram Mrazović	Sombor
place of death	Harry Johnston suffered two strokes in 1925, from which he became partially paralysed and never recovered, dying two years later in 1927 at Woodsetts House near Worksop in Nottinghamshire.	Harry Johnston	Nottinghamshire
place of death	Léon Houa (8 November 1867 -- 31 January 1918) was a Belgian road bicycle racer famous for winning the first three editions of Liège--	Léon Houa	Liège
place of death	Afanasy Grigorievich Grigoriev (Russian: Афанасий Григорьевич Григорьев) (January 21, 1782 - May 13, 1868) was a Russian Neoclassical architect, who worked in Moscow and its suburbs.	Afanasy Grigoriev	Moscow
place of death	Abbé Dominique Peyramale (9 January 1811 -- 8 September 1877) was a Catholic priest in the town of Lourdes in France during the apparitions of Our Lady of Lourdes to the peasant girl Bernadette Soubirous in 1858.	Dominique Peyramale	Lourdes
place of death	John Stewart, 3rd Earl of Lennox (c. 1490-4 September 1526, Linlithgow, West Lothian) was a prominent Scottish magnate.	John Stewart, 3rd Earl of Lennox	Linlithgow
place of death	As with his grandfather's anvil prominently displayed to introduce visitors to his 2002 retrospective exhibition at the Design Museum in Helsinki, Timo Sarpaneva narrated his family heritage as that of craftsmen.	Timo Sarpaneva	Helsinki
place of death	Oberstleutnant (lieutenant colonel) Hellmut von der Chevallerie began World War II as Adjutant to the general staff of XII. Army Corps under Army Group C in Wiesbaden, where he had been posted since 6 October 1936.	Hellmut von der Chevallerie	Wiesbaden
place of death	Joseph Chabanceau de La Barre (21 May 1633, in Paris -- 6 May 1678, in Paris) was a French composer, notably of the air de cour.	Joseph Chabanceau de La Barre	Paris
place of death	Karel Benedík (6 November 1923 in Kozojídky - 17 January 1997 in Veselí nad Moravou) was a Czech painter and restorer.	Karel Benedík	Veselí nad Moravou
place of death	Orazio Vecchi (December 6, 1550 (baptized) in Modena -- February 19, 1605) was an Italian composer of the late Renaissance.	Orazio Vecchi	Modena
place of death	Francis Barton Gummere (b. Burlington, New Jersey March 6, 1855 - d. Haverford, Pennsylvania May 30, 1919) was an influential scholar of folklore and ancient languages, a student of Francis James Child.	Francis Barton Gummere	Haverford
place of death	Mikk Mikiver (4 September 1937 in Tallinn, Estonia -- 9 January 2006 in Võsu, Estonia) was a prominent Estonian stage and film actor and theater director.	Mikk Mikiver	Võsu
place of death	Jean-Jacques de Boissieu (Lyon November 30, 1736 -- March 1, 1810 Lyon) was a French draughtsman, etcher and engraver Boissieu was born at Lyon, and studied at the École Gratuite de Dessin in his home town, but was mostly self-taught.	Jean-Jacques de Boissieu	Lyon
place of death	Leon Brittan was born in London, the son of Rebecca (Lipetz) and Joseph Brittan, a doctor.	Leon Brittan	London
place of death	Hakim Abdul Aziz was born into a family of Kashmiri migrants, and is regarded as the founder of the Lucknow tradition in Unani medicine.	Hakim Abdul Aziz	Lucknow
place of death	Mohamed Benameur (born December 4, 1959 - died December 30, 2010 in Algiers) was an Algerian football player.	Mohamed Benameur	Algiers
place of death	Truman Linden Chiles (born March 22, 1933, St. Louis, Missouri - died May 15, 2013, Topanga, California) was an American character actor known for his recurring roles on three network television series:	Linden Chiles	Topanga, California
place of death	Ernst Käsemann (Bochum, 12 July 1906 -- Tübingen, 17 February 1998) was a Lutheran theologian and professor of New Testament in Mainz (1946--1951), Göttingen (1951--1959) and Tübingen (1959--1971).	Ernst Käsemann	Tübingen
place of death	Luigi Lablache was born in Naples, the son of Nicolas Lablache, a merchant from Marseille, France, by an Irish lady.	Luigi Lablache	Naples
place of death	Born in East Coburg, Victoria Lenton Parr spent eight years in the Royal Australian Air Force before enrolling to study sculpture at the Royal Melbourne Technical College (now RMIT University), then worked in England 1955--57 as an assistant to Henry Moore.	Lenton Parr	Coburg
place of death	Lodewijk Mortelmans (5 February 1868, Antwerp -- 24 June 1952, ibid) was a Belgian composer and conductor of Flemish ancestry.	Lodewijk Mortelmans	Antwerp
place of death	Pasquale Rizzoli (born 9 April 1871, Bologna) was an Italian sculptor.	Pasquale Rizzoli	Bologna
place of death	Francesco Zoppis (Venice, 1715 - after 1781) was an Italian composer.	Francesco Zoppis	Venice
place of death	Wilhelm Hasenclever (19 April 1837, in Arnsberg, Westphalia Province -- 3 July 1889, in Berlin-Schöneberg) was a German politician.	Wilhelm Hasenclever	Schöneberg
place of death	Louis Marcoussis, formerly Ludwik Kazimierz Wladyslaw Markus or Ludwig Casimir Ladislas Markus, (1878 or 1883, Łódź -- October 22, 1941, Cusset) was a painter and engraver of Polish origin who lived in Paris for much of his life and became a French citizen.	Louis Marcoussis	Cusset
place of death	Majd-al-Din Mir-faḵrāʾi (Persian: مجدالدین میرفخرایی‎‎ January 1, 1910 in Rasht - December 20, 1972 in London) was an Iranian poet, who better known by his pen name Golchin Gilani (Persian: گلچین گیلانی‎‎).	Golchin Gilani	London
place of death	Frédéric Rimbaud, born 7 October 1814 in Dole, and died 16 November 1878 in Dijon, was a French infantry officer.	Frédéric Rimbaud	Dijon
place of death	Pierre Dreyfus (November 18, 1907, Paris--December 25, 1994, Paris) was a high flying French civil servant who in 1955 became a top businessman.	Pierre Dreyfus	Paris
place of death	Arthur Hazel (August 15, 1903, Harvey, Louisiana - March 5, 1968, New Orleans, Louisiana), better known as Monk Hazel, was a jazz drummer.	Monk Hazel	New Orleans
place of death	Karl Karmarsch (October 17, 1803, Vienna -- March 24, 1879, Hanover) was an Austrian-born (since 1830) German educator, founding director of the Polytechnic School in Hanover, later to become the University of Hannover.	Karl Karmarsch	Hanover
place of death	Simon Channing Williams died aged 63, on 11 April 2009 in Cornwall, five years after being diagnosed with cancer.	Simon Channing Williams	Cornwall
place of death	Karl Stieler (December 15, 1842 in Munich, Germany -- April 12, 1885 in Munich) was a German lawyer and author.	Karl Stieler	Munich
place of death	Gerhard Bienert was born in Berlin, German and died in Berlin in 1986 at age 88.	Gerhard Bienert	Berlin
place of death	Roberto Bussinello (4 October 1927 in Pistoia -- 24 August 1999 in Vicenza) was a racing driver from Italy.	Roberto Bussinello	Vicenza
place of death	Maurice Béjart (French: (beʒaʁ); 1 January 1927 -- 22 November 2007) was a French-born dancer, choreographer and opera director who ran the Béjart Ballet Lausanne in Switzerland.	Maurice Béjart	Lausanne
place of death	James Graham Brown (August 18, 1881 -- March 20, 1969) was an American businessman and real estate developer best known as the builder of the Brown Hotel in Louisville, Kentucky and for his philanthropy.	James Graham Brown	Louisville
place of death	Gottlieb Adelbert Delbrück (born January 16, 1822 in Magdeburg; died May 26, 1890 in Kreuzlingen) was a German banker and businessman.	Adelbert Delbrück	Kreuzlingen
place of death	Gottfried Schenker (14 February 1842 in Däniken, Canton of Solothurn, Switzerland - 26 November 1901 in Vienna) was the founder of Schenker AG. At the age of 30, Schenker together with two partners founded the freight forwarding company Schenker & Co on 1 July 1872 in Vienna.	Gottfried Schenker	Vienna
place of death	Filippa Duci (French - Philippa Desducs; 1520, Moncalieri, Piedmont - before October 1586, near Tours), dame de Couy, was a Piedmontese courtesan.	Filippa Duci	Tours
place of death	Valda Valkyrien moved to the West Coast where she lived until her death in Los Angeles in 1956 after a lengthy illness.	Valda Valkyrien	Los Angeles
place of death	Harry Revier died in Winter Park, Florida, in 1957 at age 67.	Harry Revier	Florida
place of death	Bernardo Castello (or Castelli) (1557--1629) was an Italian painter of the late-Mannerist style, active mainly in Genoa and Liguria.	Bernardo Castello	Genoa
place of death	Jorge Ibargüengoitia Antillón (born January 22, 1928 in Guanajuato, Mexico; died November 27, 1983 in Mejorada del Campo, Madrid, Spain) was a Mexican novelist and playwright who achieved great popular (though not always critical) success with his satires, three of which have appeared in English:	Jorge Ibargüengoitia	Madrid
place of death	Louis Édouard Gourdan de Fromentel (29 August 1824, Champlitte -- 6 April 1901, Bouhans-et-Feurg) was a French physician and paleontologist known for his study of fossil coral polyps and sponges.	Louis Édouard Gourdan de Fromentel	Bouhans-et-Feurg
place of death	William Henry O'Swald ( August 23, 1832, Blankenese -- May 7, 1923, Hamburg) was a Hamburg overseas merchant and Senator.	William Henry O'Swald	Hamburg
place of death	Prochoros Kydones (Greek: Πρόχορος Κυδώνης; Thessalonica, c. 1330 -- Mount Athos, c. 1369), Latinized as Prochorus Cydones or Prochorus Cydonius was an Eastern Orthodox monk, theologian, and linguist.	Prochoros Kydones	Mount Athos
place of death	Balakishi Arablinski Alibey oglu (Azerbaijani: Balakişi Ərəblinski Əlibəy oğlu; 1828, Zaqatala - 1902, Derbent) was an Lezgin general in the Russian Imperial Army.	Balakishi Arablinski	Derbent
place of death	Josef Vlastimil Burian, better known as Vlasta Burian, (9 April 1891, Liberec -- 31 January 1962, Prague) was a Czech stage and film actor, singer, comedian, footballer and film director.	Vlasta Burian	Prague
place of death	Nitzan Shirazi (Hebrew: ניצן שירזי‎‎, 21 July 1971 -- 22 July 2014) was an Israeli association football player and the manager of Hapoel Tel Aviv.	Nitzan Shirazi	Tel Aviv
place of death	Valeriu Lazarov or Valerio Lazarov (born December 20, 1935, Bârlad, Romania -- died August 11, 2009, Madrid, Spain) was a Romanian-born television producer and director of Spanish Channel, Telecinco between 1985--1994.	Valeriu Lazarov	Madrid
place of death	Tõnis Kint (17 August (O.S. 5 August) 1896 in Taevere, Viljandi County, Estonia -- 5 January 1991 Örnsköldsvik, Sweden) was an Estonian politician.	Tõnis Kint	Örnsköldsvik
place of death	Václav Benda (August 8, 1946, Prague -- June 2, 1999) was a Czech political activist and mathematician.	Václav Benda	Prague
place of death	Samuel Aitken (born 1879 in Ayr, Scotland) was a footballer who played in the Football League for Middlesbrough.	Samuel Aitken	Ayr
place of death	Bekir Sami Kunduh (Ossetian: Къуындыхаты Муссæйы фырт Бечыр; 1867 Saniba, Ossetia - January 16, 1933 Istanbul) was a Turkish politician of Ossetian origin.	Bekir Sami Kunduh	Istanbul
place of death	Anastasio Fontebuoni (also spelt Anastazio Fontebuoni, or Anastagio Fontebuoni) (1571--1626) was an Italian painter of the Baroque, native of Florence.	Anastasio Fontebuoni	Florence
place of death	August Wilhelm Eberhard Christoph Wibel (1775, Emsbach near Öhringen -- 1814, Wertheim am Main) was a German physician and botanist.	August Wilhelm Eberhard Christoph Wibel	Wertheim am Main
place of death	Joseph Storey died suddenly on his way in to work from his summer cottage in Rondeau Provincial Park in 1975 at the age of 52.	Joseph Storey	Rondeau Provincial Park
place of death	Florestano Vancini ( Ferrara, 24 August 1926 - Rome, 18 September 2008) was an Italian film director and screenwriter.	Florestano Vancini	Rome
place of death	George Calderon was killed at Gallipoli on 4 June 1915.	George Calderon	Gallipoli
place of death	He was born in Mechelen some time between 1580 and 1600 as the son of Gommaert van der Gracht (died in 1603) and An Darts.	Gommaert van der Gracht	Mechelen
place of death	Otto Bernheimer, born 1877 in Munich, was the son of a supplier to the royal Bavarian court Lehmann Bernheimer (1841-1918), who started the trading business in Munich in 1864.	Otto Bernheimer	Munich
place of death	Michael Balint (Hungarian: Bálint Mihály, pronounced (ˈbaːlint ˈmihaːj); 3 December 1896 in Budapest -- 31 December 1970 in London) was a Hungarian psychoanalyst who spent most of his adult life in England.	Michael Balint	London
place of death	Pagu was arrested in 1931 by participating in a harbor workers' strike in Santos, the first in a series of 23 detentions in her life.	Pagu	Santos
place of death	Giuseppe Beviacqua (28 October 1914 in Savona -- 19 August 1999 in Savona) is a former Italian long distance runner.	Giuseppe Beviacqua	Savona
place of death	Eldred Nathaniel Woodcock was a famous hunter and trapper of Potter County, Pennsylvania.	Eldred Nathaniel Woodcock	Pennsylvania
place of death	Adrian Mitchell was born near Hampstead Heath, North London.	Adrian Mitchell	North London
place of death	Jenő Barcsay (January 14, 1900, Katona (Romanian: Cătina, Cluj), Kolozs County Transylvania, Austria--Hungary - April 2, 1988, Budapest) was a Hungarian painter.	Jenő Barcsay	Budapest
place of death	August Schirmer (born 16 June 1905 in Celle; died 30 October 1948 in Celle) was a German architect, engineer, elected member of the Reichstag, Central Office Manager in the Amt Rosenberg.	August Schirmer	Celle
place of death	January Suchodolski died in Bojmie (near Siedlce) on March 20, 1875.	January Suchodolski	Siedlce
place of death	Julius Brandt (5 March 1873 in Olmütz -- 26 December 1949 in Vienna) was an Austrian stage and film actor.	Julius Brandt	Vienna
place of death	George M. Brown (1864--1934) was an American attorney and judge in the state of Oregon.	George M. Brown	Oregon
place of death	Carlo Guasco was born in Solero, a small town in the Piedmont region of Italy.	Carlo Guasco	Solero
place of death	Moritz Traube (12 February 1826, Ratibor, Province of Silesia, Prussia (now Racibórz, Poland) -- 28 June 1894, Berlin, German Empire) was a German chemist (physiological chemistry) and universal private scholar.	Moritz Traube	Berlin
place of death	Norris Turney (September 8, 1921, Wilmington, Ohio -- January 17, 2001, Kettering, Ohio) was an American jazz flautist and saxophonist.	Norris Turney	Kettering
place of death	William Abbenseth (1898--1972) was an American photographer known for his black and white photographs of San Francisco architecture.	William Abbenseth	San Francisco
place of death	Giovanni Stradano or Jan Van der Straet or van der Straat or Stradanus or Stratensis (1523 -- 11 February 1605) was a Flanders-born mannerist artist active mainly in 16th century Florence.	Stradanus	Florence
place of death	Gonzalo de Sandoval (1497, Medellín, Spain -- late in 1528, Palos de la Frontera, Spain) was a Spanish conquistador in New Spain (Mexico) and briefly co-governor of the colony while Hernán Cortés was away from the capital (March 2, 1527 to August 22, 1527).	Gonzalo de Sandoval	Palos de la Frontera
place of death	Friedrich Dehnhardt (22 September 1787, Buhle nr Göttingen - 1 May 1870, Naples) was chief gardener of ``L'Hortus Camaldulensis di Napoli'', or the Camaldoli gardens in Naples belonging to Francesco Ricciardi, Count of Camaldoli.	Friedrich Dehnhardt	Naples
place of death	Domenico Morone (c. 1442 -- 1518) was an Italian painter from Verona, painting in an early Renaissance style.	Domenico Morone	Verona
place of death	Joseph René Bellot (March 18, 1826 -- August 18, 1853) was a French Arctic explorer.	Joseph René Bellot	Arctic
place of death	Angelo Vassallo (22 September 1953 -- 5 September 2010) was an Italian politician who served as the Mayor of Pollica.	Angelo Vassallo	Pollica
place of death	Sardar Shah Mahmud Khan (Pashto: سردار شاه محمود خان‎ - b:1890 d: 27 December 1959) was the Prime Minister of Afghanistan from May 1946 to 7 September 1953.	Shah Mahmud Khan	Afghanistan
place of death	Louis Marcus (9 January 1880 Brooklyn -- 6 July 1936 Salt Lake City) was, from 1931 to 1936, the mayor of Salt Lake City, the capital of Utah, and was also a prominent Idaho and Utah theater operator.	Louis Marcus	Salt Lake City
place of death	Gerda Boyesen (born May 18, 1922 in Bergen, Norway, died December 29, 2005 in London) was the founder of Biodynamic Psychology, a branch of Body Psychotherapy.	Gerda Boyesen	London
place of death	Christophe Dupouey (8 August 1968 in Tarbes -- 4 February 2009 in Tarbes) was a French mountain biker.	Christophe Dupouey	Tarbes
place of death	William Chetwood (June 17, 1771 in Elizabeth, New Jersey -- December 17, 1857 in Elizabeth) was a U.S. Representative from New Jersey.	William Chetwood	Elizabeth
place of death	Johann Heinrich Wilhelm Tischbein, also known as Goethe-Tischbein (15 February 1751, Haina -- 26 February 1828, Eutin), was a German painter; born into a family of artists.	Johann Heinrich Wilhelm Tischbein	Eutin
place of death	Marcu Beza (June 30, 1882 in Kleisoura, Ottoman Empire -- May 6, 1949 in Bucharest, Romania) was a Romanian poet, writer, essayist, literary critique, publicist, folklorist, and diplomat of Aromanian origin.	Marcu Beza	Bucharest
place of death	A roundabout in the 20th arrondissement of Paris was given the name Place Henri Krasucki in his honor on 23 June 2005.	Henri Krasucki	Paris
place of death	Marvin Minoff died at his home in Los Angeles on November 11, 2009, at the age of 78.	Marvin Minoff	Los Angeles
place of death	On June 14, 1995, Jack Chertok died at the age of 88 in Los Angeles, California.	Jack Chertok	Los Angeles
place of death	Juan Francisco Giró (3 June 1791, Montevideo -- 8 May 1863) was a Uruguayan politician and the President of Uruguay from 1852 until 1853.	Juan Francisco Giró	Montevideo
place of death	Carlo Francesco Gabba (April 14, 1835 in Lodi - February 18, 1920 in Turin) was an Italian jurist and professor at the University of Pisa who has received several awards and titles.	Carlo Francesco Gabba	Lodi
place of death	After retiring in 1914 Arthur Spear ran a pub, the Golden Fleece, in Bath where he died in 1946.	Arthur Spear	Bath
place of death	Justus van Egmont or Joost van Egmont (Leiden, 1602 -- Antwerp, 8 January 1674) was a painter and a tapestry designer.	Justus van Egmont	Antwerp
place of death	Johann Schöning (1458--1502) (also Schonynk) was mayor of Riga in the 1460s.	Johann Schöning	Riga
place of death	Richard Ettinghausen (1906, Frankfurt am Main, Germany-April 2, 1979, Princeton, New Jersey) was a historian of Islamic art and chief curator of the Freer Gallery.	Richard Ettinghausen	Princeton
place of death	Arvo Ojala (February 21, 1920 in Seattle, Washington -- July 1, 2005 in Gresham, Oregon) was a Hollywood technical advisor on the subject of quick-draw with a revolver.	Arvo Ojala	Gresham
place of death	François Dieussart (also Frans; Armentières, c. 1600 -- London, 1661) was a Flemish-Walloon sculptor who worked for court patrons in England and northern Europe, producing portrait busts in the Italianate manner.	François Dieussart	London
place of death	Karel Javůrek (30 July 1815, Prague - 23 March 1909, Prague) was a Czech history painter.	Karel Javůrek	Prague
place of death	Louis Noël (ne: Hubert Louis-Noël; Saint-Omer, April 1, 1839 - Paris, 1925) was a French sculptor.	Louis Noël	Paris
place of death	Johannes Zwick (c.1496 in Konstanz -- 1542 in Bischofszell) was a German Reformer and hymnwriter.	Johannes Zwick	Bischofszell
place of death	Christian Gottlob Hammer, baptized as Gottlieb, (18 July 1779, Dresden, Saxony -- 7 February 1864, Dresden), was an influential German landscape painter and engraver.	Christian Gottlob Hammer	Dresden
place of death	Giovanni Vasanzio or Jan van Santen (c.1550--1621) was a Dutch-born architect, garden designer and engraver who spent his mature career in Rome, where he arrived in the 1580s.	Giovanni Vasanzio	Rome
place of death	Mattheus Le Maistre or Matthaeus Le Maistre (c. 1505--1577) was a Flemish Renaissance choirmaster and composer who is best known for his time in Dresden.	Mattheus Le Maistre	Dresden
place of death	Sigmund Widmer (born 30 July 1919 in Zürich, died 11 August 2003 in Visp) was a Swiss historian, writer and LdU politician who served as mayor of the city of Zürich.	Sigmund Widmer	Visp
place of death	Étienne Jeaurat (9 February 1699, Vermenton -- 14 December 1789, Versailles) was a French painter, above all remembered for his lively street scenes.	Étienne Jeaurat	Versailles
place of death	Édouard Dapples (12 December 1807, Lausanne -- 30 April 1887, Nice) was a Swiss politician, syndic of Lausanne from 1843 to 1848 and from 1857 to 1867, member of the Swiss National Council from 1851 to 1854 and from 1857 to 1866, he presided this assembly in 1861.	Édouard Dapples	Nice
place of death	Richard Boone moved to St. Augustine, Florida, from Hawaii in 1970 and worked with the production of Cross and Sword, when he was not acting on television or in movies, until his death in 1981.	Richard Boone	St. Augustine
place of death	Agatha van der Mijn (13 May 1700 -- 1776/1796), was an 18th-century flower painter from the Northern Netherlands active in London.	Agatha van der Mijn	London
place of death	Charles Rochussen (Kralingen, August 1, 1814 -- Rotterdam September 22, 1894) was a 19th-century painter from Rotterdam, the Netherlands, who was also known as an illustrator and printmaker.	Charles Rochussen	Rotterdam
place of death	Les Keiter (April 27, 1919 -- April 14, 2009), also known as the ``General'', was a newscaster and sports director of Honolulu, Hawaii television station KHON-TV.	Les Keiter	Honolulu
place of death	Mathew Anden, also Mathew T. Anden or Matthew Anden (November 23, 1942 in Berlin -- 19 July 1985 in New York City) was a German theater, television and film actor, who mainly worked in the United States.	Mathew Anden	New York City
place of death	Stanislao Lista (Salerno, December 8, 1824 -- 1908) was an Italian sculptor active in Naples.	Stanislao Lista	Naples
place of death	Ada María Elflein (Buenos Aires, February 22, 1880- ibidem, July 24, 1919) was an Argentine poet, columnist, translator, feminist and teacher.	Ada María Elflein	Buenos Aires
place of death	Jean-Pierre Lecocq died at age 44 in the crash of Air Inter Flight 148 on 20 January 1992 at Mont Sainte-Odile, Alsace.	Jean-Pierre Lecocq	Mont Sainte-Odile
place of death	Born in Boston, Massachusetts on May 29, 1939, Michael DeSisto attended parochial schools in West Roxbury, and graduated from Cathedral High School in Boston in 1957.	Michael DeSisto	Boston
place of death	Hisham Ikhtiyar was born to a Sunni family in Damascus in 1941.	Hisham Ikhtiyar	Damascus
place of death	Giovanni Giudici (26 June 1924, Le Grazie - 24 March 2011, La Spezia) was an Italian poet and journalist.	Giovanni Giudici	La Spezia
place of death	On the morning of 17 April 1945 Leutnant Gerhard Bauer, Oberleutnant August Lambert, and another pilot were taking off from Kamenz for a mission to the front when American P-51Ds of the 55th Fighter Group appeared.	August Lambert	Kamenz
place of death	Fleeing the Cholera epidemics that besieged Paris in the mid-nineteenth century, Charles Jacque relocated to Barbizon in 1849 with Millet.	Charles Jacque	Paris
place of death	Werner Conze (born December 11, 1910 in Amt Neuhaus, died April 1986 in Heidelberg) was a German historian in Nazi Germany and in post-World War II Germany.	Werner Conze	Heidelberg
place of death	Tadeusz Sendzimir (originally Sędzimir, July 15, 1894, Lwów -- September 1, 1989, Jupiter, Florida) of Ostoja coat of arms was a Polish engineer and inventor of international renown with 120 patents in mining and metallurgy, 73 of which were awarded to him in the United States.	Tadeusz Sendzimir	Jupiter
place of death	Sir Dove-Myer Robinson (15 June 1901 -- 14 August 1989) was Mayor of Auckland City from 1959 to 1965 and from 1968 to 1980, the longest tenure of any holder of the office.	Dove-Myer Robinson	Auckland
place of death	František Mrázek ( cs ) (1 February 1958 -- 25 January 2006 in Prague) was a controversial Czech entrepreneur, often referred to as the ``Godfather of Czech Organized Crime''.	František Mrázek	Prague
place of death	Agustín Cárdenas Alfonso (April 10, 1927, Matanzas, Cuba -- February 9, 2001, Havana, Cuba) was a Cuban sculptor who was active in the Surrealist movement in Paris.	Agustín Cárdenas	Havana
place of death	Gheorghe Flondor (Georg Ritter von Flondor) (August 31, 1892 Roman, Romania -- April 26, 1976, Bucharest) was Romanian politician who served as Royal Resident (Rezident Regal) of Ţinutul Suceava from February 7, 1939 to September 23, 1940.	Gheorghe Flondor	Bucharest
place of death	Romanos Melikian (Armenian: Ռոմանոս Հովակիմի Մելիքյան; October 1, 1883, Kizlyar - March 30, 1935, Yerevan) was an Armenian composer.	Romanos Melikian	Yerevan
place of death	Halyna Zubchenko was born in Kiev in 1929 into a family of scholars.	Halyna Zubchenko	Kiev
place of death	Ernst Otto Schlick (16 June 1840, Grimma - 10 April 1913, Hamburg) was a German naval engineer.	Ernst Otto Schlick	Hamburg
place of death	Peter Igelhoff (born Rudolf August Ordnung, 22 July 1904 in Vienna -- 8 April 1978 in Bad Reichenhall) was an Austrian pianist, light music and film composer, arranger and entertainer; he took his mother's maiden name as soon as he resolved on a career in light entertainment.	Peter Igelhoff	Bad Reichenhall
place of death	Zygmunt Latoszewski (1902 in Poznań - 1995 in Warsaw) was a Polish conductor, theater director and music teacher.	Zygmunt Latoszewski	Warsaw
place of death	Oğuz Tansel (February 15, 1915, Meyre, Konya - October 30, 1994, Ankara) was a Turkish poet and folklorist.	Oğuz Tansel	Ankara
place of death	Julia Brystiger (née Prajs, born November 25, 1902, in Stryj -- died November 9, 1975, in Warsaw) was a Polish Communist activist and member of the security apparatus in Stalinist Poland.	Julia Brystiger	Warsaw
place of death	Jakob Meiland (Senftenberg, 1542-Hechingen, 31 December 1577) was a German composer.	Jakob Meiland	Hechingen
place of death	Suzanne Bachelard (October 18, 1919 -- November 3, 2007 in Paris) was a French philosopher and academic.	Suzanne Bachelard	Paris
place of death	Eugênia Álvaro Moreyra (née Eugênia Brandão; March 6, 1898, Juiz de Fora - June 16, 1948, Rio de Janeiro) was a Brazilian journalist, actress and theater director, who became president of the professional theater union.	Eugênia Álvaro Moreyra	Rio de Janeiro
place of death	Giovanni Targioni Tozzetti (Florence, 11 September 1712 - Florence, 7 January 1783) was an Italian naturalist.	Giovanni Targioni Tozzetti	Florence
place of death	Bernd Clüver (10 April 1948, in Hildesheim -- 28 July 2011, in Palma, Spain) was a German singer.	Bernd Clüver	Palma
place of death	Jacob van Oost the Younger (1639, Bruges -- 1713, Bruges), was a Flemish Baroque painter.	Jacob van Oost the Younger	Bruges
place of death	Giuseppe Antonio Brescianello (also Bressonelli; ca. 1690, Bologna -- 4 October 1758, Stuttgart) was an Italian Baroque composer and violinist.	Giuseppe Antonio Brescianello	Stuttgart
place of death	Giuseppe Angeli (Venice 1709- Venice, 1798) was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque, known for depicting both genre and religious subjects.	Giuseppe Angeli	Venice
place of death	Eligiusz Niewiadomski (Warsaw, December 1, 1869 -- January 31, 1923, Warsaw) was a Polish modernist painter and art critic who belonged to the right-wing National Democratic Party till 1904 and later continued supporting it.	Eligiusz Niewiadomski	Warsaw
place of death	Jean-Baptiste Biot was born in Paris on 21 April 1774 the son of Joseph Biot, a treasury official.	Jean-Baptiste Biot	Paris
place of death	Vincenzo Anastagi (died 1585) was an Italian Knight of Rhodes who participated in the Siege of Malta (1565).	Vincenzo Anastagi	Malta
place of death	Rodolfo Llopis Ferrándiz (27 February 1895 Callosa d'En Sarrià, Alicante, Spain-- 22 July 1983 Albi, France) was a Spanish socialist politician.	Rodolfo Llopis	Albi
place of death	Anton Ackermann (real name: Eugen Hanisch, 25 December 1905 Thalheim, Saxony - 4 May 1973 East Berlin) was an East German politician.	Anton Ackermann	Berlin
place of death	Gabriel Perelle (born 1604 in Vernon, Eure, died 1677 in Paris) was a French draftsman and printmaker of topographic views and landscapes.	Gabriel Perelle	Paris
place of death	Kajetan Abgarowicz (pseudonyms: Kajetan Abgar-Soltan, and Soltan Abgar; Armenian: Կայտան Աբգարովիչ) (August 7, 1856 in Czerniowie, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria - July 27, 1909 in Truskavets, Ukraine) was a Polish journalist, novelist and short story writer of Armenian descent.	Kajetan Abgarowicz	Truskavets
place of death	Jovan Soldatović (November 26, 1920 in Čerević -- October 7, 2005 in Novi Sad) was a Serbian sculptor, internationally recognized for his hundreds of sculptures and memorials.	Jovan Soldatović	Novi Sad
place of death	Martin Berteau (2 February 1691 in Valenciennes -- 22 January 1771 in Angers) was a French cellist, cello teacher, and composer.	Martin Berteau	Angers
place of death	Gul Pacha Ulfat (Pashto: ګل پاچا الفت‎) was born in 1909 in Qarghayi District of Laghman Province, Afghanistan.	Gul Pacha Ulfat	Qarghayi
place of death	Antonio Somma (born Udine, 28 August 1809 - died Venice, 8 August 1864) was an Italian playwright who is most well known for writing the libretto of an opera which ultimately became Giuseppe Verdi's Un ballo in maschera in 1859.	Antonio Somma	Venice
place of death	Ettore Ximenes (April 11, 1855, Palermo -- December 20, 1926, Rome) was an Italian sculptor.	Ettore Ximenes	Rome
place of death	Matias de Albuquerque (Olinda, colony of Brazil, 1580s -- Lisbon, Kingdom of Portugal, 9 June 1647), the first and only Count of Alegrete, was a Portuguese colonial administrator and soldier.	Matias de Albuquerque	Lisbon
place of death	Mauro Del Giudice (20 May 1857 in Rodi Garganico -- 1951 in Rome) was an Italian jurist and writer.	Mauro Del Giudice	Rome
place of death	Eddie Carroll died April 6, 2010 of a brain tumor at the Motion Picture & Television Country House and Hospital in Woodland Hills, California.	Eddie Carroll	Woodland Hills
place of death	Adolf Schneeberger (born in Choceň, 1897 - Prague, 1977) was a Czech photographer.	Adolf Schneeberger	Prague
place of death	Ambrose Lomax (Lichfield, England, 15 August 1867 - Adelaide, 20 January 1943) was a South African photographer and chemist.	Ambrose Lomax	Adelaide
place of death	Maurice Koechlin died in 1946 in Veytaux, Switzerland in a house built by himself in 1900.	Maurice Koechlin	Veytaux
place of death	Heinz Röthke (born 19 January 1912 in Mürow -- died 14 July 1966 in Wolfsburg) was a German lawyer and SS-Obersturmführer who, together with Theodor Dannecker, was one of the persons most responsible for the deportation of French Jews, which took place between 1940 and 1944, during the Holocaust.	Heinz Röthke	Wolfsburg
place of death	Sebastian Gryphius (French: Sébastien Gryphe; c. 1492, Reutlingen -- 1556, Lyon) was a German bookseller-printer and humanist.	Sebastian Gryphius	Lyon
place of death	Joseph Chinard (Lyon, 12 February 1756 -- Lyon 20 June 1813) was a French sculptor who worked in a Neoclassical style that was infused with naturalism and sentiment.	Joseph Chinard	Lyon
place of death	Luca di Tommè (or Luca Thome) (c. 1330--1389) was an Italian painter active between 1356 and 1389 in Siena.	Luca di Tommè	Siena
place of death	Francesco Albotto (1721--1757) was an Italian painter from Venice, mainly producing vedute.	Francesco Albotto	Venice
place of death	Michele Giordano (26 September 1930 -- 2 December 2010) was an Italian Roman Catholic prelate, who was the Archbishop of Naples and a Cardinal-Priest.	Michele Giordano	Naples
place of death	Earle Cabell (October 27, 1906 -- September 24, 1975) was a Texas politician who served as mayor of Dallas, Texas.	Earle Cabell	Dallas
place of death	Artur Pappenheim (December 13, 1870 in Berlin - December 31, 1916) was a German physician and hematologist, remembered for his pioneer efforts in stem cell research.	Artur Pappenheim	Berlin
place of death	Marit Allen died of a brain aneurysm in Sydney, Australia, on 26 November 2007.	Marit Allen	Sydney
place of death	Cristoforo Benigno Crespi (Busto Arsizio, 18 October 1833 -- Milan, 5 January 1920) was an Italian entrepreneur.	Cristoforo Benigno Crespi	Milan
place of death	Roland Simounet (born in Guyotville, Algeria, 31 Aug 1927 - died in Paris, 1996) was a French architect known primarily for his design of the Musée Picasso in Paris and the LaM in Villeneuve d'Ascq.	Roland Simounet	Paris
place of death	Martin Holtzhey (1697, Ulm -- 1764, Middelburg), was an 18th-century German medallist and mint master, active in the Netherlands.	Martin Holtzhey	Middelburg
place of death	Duleep Singh died in Paris in 1893 at the age of 55, having seen India after the age of fifteen during only two brief, tightly-controlled visits in 1860 (to bring his mother to England) and in 1863 (to scatter his mother's ashes).	Duleep Singh	Paris
place of death	Writers of adventure books receive the ``literary Prix Georges de Caunes'' as the book festival in La Rochelle.	Georges de Caunes	La Rochelle
place of death	On 29 February 1848 a soldier called Ami Girard arrived from Saint-Imier and agreed to march with Fritz Courvoisier from la Chaux-de-Fonds Neuchâtel along with 200 volunteers .	Fritz Courvoisier	Neuchâtel
place of death	Fred A. Busse (March 3, 1866 -- July 9, 1914) was the mayor of Chicago, in the U.S. state of Illinois, from 1907 to 1911.	Fred A. Busse	Chicago
place of death	Per Krafft the Elder (16 January 1724, Arboga - 7 November 1793, Stockholm) was a Swedish portraitist.	Per Krafft the Elder	Stockholm
place of death	Ludimar Hermann (October 31, 1838, Berlin -- June 5, 1914, Königsberg) was a German physiologist and speech scientist who used the Edison phonograph to test theories of vowel production, particularly those of Robert Willis and Charles Wheatstone.	Ludimar Hermann	Königsberg
position held	Girma Wolde-Giorgis (Ge'ez: ግርማ ወልደ ጊዮርጊስ; born December 1924) is an Ethiopian politician who was the President of Ethiopia from 2001 to 2013.	Girma Wolde-Giorgis	President of Ethiopia
position held	Andrew Arbuckle (born 12 April 1944) is a Scottish Liberal Democrat politician, and a former Member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP) for the Mid Scotland and Fife region.	Andrew Arbuckle	Member of the Scottish Parliament
position held	Helga Stevens (born 9 August 1968) is a Belgian politician of the New Flemish Alliance (N-VA) and member of the European Parliament since 2014.	Helga Stevens	member of the European Parliament
position held	Elio Sgreccia (born 6 June 1928) is a bioethicist and a cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.	Elio Sgreccia	cardinal
position held	Joel Brunsvold was an Illinois politician who served as a Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives and later as the Director of the Illinois Department of Natural Resources.	Joel Brunsvold	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
position held	John Gavan Duffy (15 October 1844 -- 8 March 1917) was an Australian politician, member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly.	John Gavan Duffy	member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly
position held	Khaba (also read as Hor-Khaba) was a pharaoh of Ancient Egypt, active during the 3rd dynasty of the Old Kingdom period.	Khaba	pharaoh
position held	David Hodgins (1850-1930), was a former Republican member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.	David Hodgins	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Maximianus of Ravenna, or Maximian (499 -- February 22, 556; feast day formerly February 21) was bishop of Ravenna in Italy.	Maximianus of Ravenna	bishop
position held	Nikare II was a pharaoh of the Sixteenth Dynasty of Egypt.	Nikare II	pharaoh
position held	Laurent-Désiré Kabila ( pronunciation ) (November 27, 1939 -- January 16, 2001), or simply Laurent Kabila, was President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo from May 17, 1997, when he overthrew Mobutu Sese Seko, until his assassination by one of his bodyguards on January 16, 2001.	Laurent-Désiré Kabila	President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
position held	Giuseppe Pasotto (Bovolone, Italy, 6 July 1954) is an Italian Roman Catholic bishop.	Giuseppe Pasotto	bishop
position held	Daniel Lindsay Russell, Jr. (August 7, 1845 -- May 14, 1908) was the 49th Governor of North Carolina, serving from 1897 to 1901.	Daniel Lindsay Russell	Governor of North Carolina
position held	From 1984 to 1998, Gijs de Vries was a member of the European Parliament for three consecutive terms.	Gijs de Vries	member of the European Parliament
position held	Nicolás de Jesús López Rodríguez (born 31 October, 1936) is the archbishop of Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic, a cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church, and President of the Conference of the Dominican Episcopate.	Nicolás de Jesús López Rodríguez	archbishop	cardinal
position held	Mark Ritchie was elected Minnesota's Secretary of State in the November 2006 General Election.	Mark Ritchie	Minnesota's Secretary of State
position held	Samuel Comstock (February 6, 1680 -- October 26, 1752) was a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives from Norwalk in the sessions of October 1711, October 1714, May 1720, October 1723, October 1725, October 1726, October 1727, October 1728, October 1729, and October 1730.	Samuel Comstock	member of the Connecticut House of Representatives
position held	Richard S. Thompson (December 30, 1916 -- December 28, 1997) was from 1972 to 1984 a Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from District 22, which now includes Grant, La Salle, Winn, and Rapides parishes.	Richard S. Thompson	member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
position held	John Cameron Henry, Jr. (born November 1, 1974) is an American state legislator and business analyst from Metairie, Louisiana, who has been serving since January 2008 as a Republican member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from District 82 in Jefferson and Orleans parishes.	Cameron Henry	member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
position held	Frederick Temple (30 November 1821 -- 23 December 1902) was an English academic, teacher, churchman, and Archbishop of Canterbury, from 1896 until his death.	Frederick Temple	Archbishop of Canterbury
position held	Petero Mataca (28 April 1933 -- 30 June 2014) born at Cawaci, on Ovalau Island, served as the Roman Catholic archbishop of Suva, Fiji until his resignation in 2012.	Petero Mataca	archbishop
position held	Ramwod or Ramwold (c. 900 in Trier (?) - † 17 May 1000 in Regensburg) was an abbot of St. Emmeram's Abbey in Regensburg.	Ramwod	abbot
position held	John Flamsteed FRS (19 August 1646 -- 31 December 1719) was an English astronomer and the first Astronomer Royal.	John Flamsteed	Astronomer Royal
position held	Charles H. O'Neill (May 1800 -- November 8, 1897) was an Irish-American politician and a Democrat who served as Mayor of Jersey City, New Jersey, from May 4, 1868 until April 10, 1869, when he resigned, and again from May 2, 1870 until May 3, 1874.	Charles H. O'Neill	Mayor of Jersey City, New Jersey
position held	William Sanford Pennington (November 7, 1757 -- September 17, 1826) was the sixth Governor of New Jersey, serving from 1813 to 1815.	William Sanford Pennington	Governor of New Jersey
position held	Maximilian Kaller (10 October 1880 -- 7 July 1947) was Roman Catholic Bishop of Ermland (Polish: Warmia) in East Prussia from 1930--1947, however, de facto expelled since mid-August 1945 he served as special bishop for the homeland-expellees until his death.	Maximilian Kaller	bishop
position held	Cecilio Báez González (1862--1941) was provisional President of Paraguay from December 8, 1905 to November 25, 1906.	Cecilio Báez	President of Paraguay
position held	Clement Reyner D.D. (1589--1651) was an English Benedictine monk, who became abbot of Lamspringe in Germany.	Clement Reyner	abbot
position held	William Longchamp (died 1197), sometimes known as William de Longchamp or William de Longchamps, was a medieval Lord Chancellor, Chief Justiciar, and Bishop of Ely in England.	William Longchamp	Lord Chancellor
position held	Salvatore Boccaccio (June 18, 1938 Rome - October 18, 2008 Frosinone, Italy) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Frosinone-Veroli-Ferentino from July 9, 1999, until his death on October 18, 2008, at the age of 70 years.	Salvatore Boccaccio	bishop
position held	Sir Charles Sladen, KCMG (28 August 1816 -- 22 February 1884), Australian colonial politician, was the 6th Premier of Victoria.	Charles Sladen	Premier of Victoria
position held	Zenas Ferry Moody (May 27, 1832 -- March 14, 1917) was the seventh Governor of Oregon from 1882 to 1887.	Zenas Ferry Moody	Governor of Oregon
position held	John Riley Tanner (April 4, 1844 -- May 23, 1901) was the 21st Governor of Illinois, from 1897 until 1901.	John Riley Tanner	Governor of Illinois
position held	Paul Dahdah, O.C.D. (born on 8 January 1941 in Zgharta, Lebanon) is the current bishop of the Apostolic Vicariate of Beirut.	Paul Dahdah	bishop
position held	François de Bovet (March 21, 1745 -- April 6, 1838) was bishop of Sisteron from 1789, and from 1817 was archbishop of Toulouse.	François de Bovet	archbishop
position held	Shute Barrington (26 May 1734 -- 25 March 1826) was an English churchman, Bishop of Llandaff in Wales, as well as Bishop of Salisbury and Bishop of Durham in England.	Shute Barrington	Bishop of Llandaff	Bishop of Salisbury	Bishop of Durham
position held	Michele Steno (Michiel Sten in Venetian Language; 1331 -- December 26, 1413) was a Venetian statesman who served as the 63rd Doge of Venice from December 1, 1400 until his death.	Michele Steno	Doge of Venice
position held	Rimsky Yuen Kwok-keung (born 1964) is a lawyer and the third and current Secretary for Justice of Hong Kong.	Rimsky Yuen	Secretary for Justice
position held	Gujjula Ravindra Reddy (born Kanigiri, Prakasam District, Andhra Pradesh, India) is a former member of the state parliament of Brandenburg and former mayor of Altlandsberg.	Gujjula Ravindra Reddy	mayor
position held	Duane Milne (born 1967) is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing the 167th legislative district.	Duane Milne	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
position held	Helladius of Caesarea, was a Catholic bishop of Caesarea.	Helladius of Caesarea	bishop
position held	Saint Gerard of Toul, also Saint Gerald of Toul (French: Geraud; 935 in Cologne - 994 in Toul) was a German priest who was appointed bishop of Toul in 963.	Gerard of Toul	bishop
position held	Lesley Cohen is a former appointed Democratic member of the Nevada Assembly, serving one term.	Lesley Cohen	member of the Nevada Assembly
position held	Lawrence Brainerd (March 16, 1794 -- May 9, 1870) was a businessman, abolitionist and United States Senator from Vermont.	Lawrence Brainerd	United States Senator
position held	James McCrea was the president of the Pennsylvania Railroad from 1907 to 1913.	James McCrea	president
position held	Timipre Sylva (born July 7, 1964) was the Governor of Bayelsa State in southern Nigeria.	Timipre Sylva	Governor of Bayelsa State
position held	Juan de Camargo y Angulo y Pasquer (1663--1733) was Bishop of Pamplona from 1716 to 1725 and Grand Inquisitor of Spain from 1720 to 1733.	Juan de Camargo y Angulo	Grand Inquisitor
position held	Ælfric of Eynsham (Old English: Ælfrīc; Latin: Alfricus, Elphricus) (c. 955 -- c. 1010) was an English abbot, as well as a consummate, prolific writer in Old English of hagiography, homilies, biblical commentaries, and other genres.	Ælfric of Eynsham	abbot
position held	General Sir Ralph Darling, GCH (1772 -- 2 April 1858) was Governor of New South Wales from 1825 to 1831.	Ralph Darling	Governor of New South Wales
position held	Steven A. Kandarian is the president, chairman, and chief executive officer of MetLife.	Steven A. Kandarian	chief executive officer
position held	Louis Bostedo (1798 - 1878) was an American businessman from Weyauwega, Wisconsin who spent a single term in 1856 as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from a district which encompassed the sparsely-populated Oconto, Outagamie, Shawano and Waupaca counties.	Louis Bostedo	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Barthélemy de Jur (misread as de Vir in the 19th century; c.1080 - 1158) was a French bishop.	Barthélemy de Jur	bishop
position held	Roque Ferreyra (16 August 1810 -- 13 September 1885) was an Argentine politician, twice Governor of Córdoba Province.	Roque Ferreyra	Governor of Córdoba
position held	Simon Sulzer (23 September 1508 -- 22 June 1585) was a Reformed theologian, Reformer, and Antistes of the Basel church.	Simon Sulzer	Antistes
position held	Aurèle Audet (October 12, 1920 -- November 28, 2015) was a politician in Quebec, Canada and a Member of the National Assembly of Quebec (MNA).	Aurèle Audet	Member of the National Assembly
position held	Jean Vendeville (24 June 1527 -- 15 October 1592) was a law professor and a bishop of Tournai.	Jean Vendeville	bishop
position held	Powhatan Ellis (January 17, 1790 -- March 18, 1863) was a United States Senator from Mississippi and a United States federal judge.	Powhatan Ellis	United States Senator
position held	Joseph Alphonse de Véri (16 October 1724 -- 28 August 1799) was a French abbot.	Joseph Alphonse de Véri	abbot
position held	Angelika Volquartz (born 2 September 1946 in Uelzen, Lower Saxony) was the mayor of Kiel, Germany from 2003 til 2009.	Angelika Volquartz	mayor
position held	Giampaolo Crepaldi (born 29 September 1947) is the current archbishop-bishop of Trieste since his installation on 4 October 2009.	Giampaolo Crepaldi	archbishop
position held	George Mavrikos (born 1950) is the General Secretary of the World Federation of Trade Unions (WFTU) in Athens, Greece.	George Mavrikos	General Secretary
position held	Uthman was a shrewd businessman and a successful trader from his youth, which contributed greatly to the Rashidun Empire.	Uthman	Rashidun Empire
position held	Maurice Michael Otunga (31 January 1923 -- 6 September 2003) was a Roman Catholic cardinal and the Archbishop Emeritus of Nairobi who was also the Military Ordinary Emeritus for Kenya.	Maurice Michael Otunga	cardinal
position held	Giuseppe Agostino (Reggio Calabria, November 25, 1928 -- Rende, March 24, 2014) was a Roman Catholic archbishop.	Giuseppe Agostino	archbishop
position held	Saint Bercharius (Bererus; French: Berchaire) (636 -- March 28, 696) was abbot of Hautvillers in Champagne.	Bercharius	abbot
position held	David Assouline (born 16 June 1959, Sefrou, Morocco) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the city of Paris.	David Assouline	member of the Senate of France
position held	John Ermenc (October 21, 1887 -- after 1932) was a real estate and insurance broker from Milwaukee, Wisconsin who served one term as a Socialist member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.	John Ermenc	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Eustace of Fauconberg was a medieval English Bishop of London from 1221 to 1228 and was also Lord High Treasurer.	Eustace of Fauconberg	Lord High Treasurer
position held	Alfonso Carrillo de Acuña (Carrascosa del Campo, 1410 -- Alcalá de Henares, 1 July 1482) was a Spanish politician and Roman Catholic archbishop.	Alfonso Carrillo de Acuña	archbishop
position held	Jean-Paul Ngoupandé (6 December 1948 -- 4 May 2014) was a Central African politician who was Prime Minister of the Central African Republic from 1996 to 1997.	Jean-Paul Ngoupandé	Prime Minister of the Central African Republic
position held	Rudolf Prikryl (21 March 1896 -- 13 June 1965) was the provisionally-instated mayor of Vienna from 13 April to 16 April 1945, and is remembered as the ``three days' mayor'' (German: Drei-Tage-Bürgermeister).	Rudolf Prikryl	mayor
position held	Wallace Rider Farrington (May 3, 1871 -- October 6, 1933) was the sixth Territorial Governor of Hawaii, serving from 1921 to 1929.	Wallace Rider Farrington	Governor of Hawaii
position held	Dennis Walaker (January 10, 1941 -- December 2, 2014) was an American politician who served as mayor of Fargo, North Dakota.	Dennis Walaker	mayor of Fargo, North Dakota
position held	George Erik Rupp (born September 22, 1942) is an American educator and theologian, the former President of Rice University and later of Columbia University, and president of the International Rescue Committee from July 2002 to August 2013.	George Erik Rupp	Columbia University
position held	Cristoforo della Rovere (13 June 1434 -- 1 February 1478) (called the Cardinal of Tarentaise) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal.	Cristoforo della Rovere	bishop
position held	Dominic Kodwo Andoh (May 4, 1929 -- May 17, 2013) was the Roman Catholic archbishop of the Archdiocese of Accra, Ghana.	Dominic Kodwo Andoh	archbishop
position held	Hartwell Neil Riser, Jr., known as Neil Riser (born April 25, 1962), is a funeral home owner in Columbia in Caldwell Parish in northeastern Louisiana, who is a Republican member of the Louisiana State Senate.	Neil Riser	member of the Louisiana State Senate
position held	Paula Zelenko is a Michigan politician serving as Burton, Michigan's mayor and a former member of the Michigan House of Representatives.	Paula Zelenko	member of the Michigan House of Representatives
position held	Arnold Duckwitz (January 27, 1802 in Bremen Germany -- March 19, 1881 in Bremen) was a German statesman and merchant who served as Minister of Trade and of the Navy in the provisional government of the Frankfurt Assembly of 1848--49, and as mayor of Bremen.	Arnold Duckwitz	mayor
position held	Arthur Barclay (July 31, 1854 -- July 10, 1938) was the 15th President of Liberia, serving from 1904 to 1912.	Arthur Barclay	President of Liberia
position held	Alcide Courcy (November 3, 1914 -- May 22, 2000) was a Canadian politician, cabinet minister and a four-term Member of the National Assembly of Quebec.	Alcide Courcy	Member of the National Assembly
position held	Eugeniusz Kłopotek (born 15 November 1953 in Chojnice, Poland) is a Polish politician who is a member of the Sejm of Poland (1997-2005 and since 2007), member of the European Parliament (2004) and member of the Kuyavian-Pomeranian Regional Assembly (2006-2007).	Eugeniusz Kłopotek	member of the European Parliament
position held	Ebbo or Ebo (c. 775 -- 20 March 851) was archbishop of Rheims from 816 until 835 and again from 840 to 841.	Ebbo	archbishop
position held	Émile-Justin Menier was also a keen politician, serving as mayor of Noisiel from 1871-1881.	Émile-Justin Menier	mayor
position held	Stanislaus Tobias Magombo (24 February 1968 -- 6 July 2010) was the Roman Catholic titular bishop of Caesarea in Mauretania and auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Lilongwe, Malawi.	Stanislaus Tobias Magombo	bishop
position held	Lyall T. Beggs (November 9, 1899 -- May 14, 1973) was a past commander in chief of the Veterans of Foreign Wars and a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.	Lyall T. Beggs	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Francis Steffen (November 5, 1836 - ?) was an American farmer from Hortonville, Wisconsin who spent two terms as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Outagamie County, being elected first as a ``Reform Democrat'' and then re-elected as a Democrat.	Francis Steffen	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Castruccio Castracane degli Antelminelli (Urbino, 21 September 1779 -- 22 February 1852) was an Italian clergyman, who was made a cardinal by pope Gregory XVI in the consistory of 15 April 1833.	Castruccio Castracane degli Antelminelli	cardinal
position held	Juliusz Paetz (2 February 1935 in Poznań ) is a Polish bishop of the Catholic Church.	Juliusz Paetz	bishop
position held	Pio Taofinu'u, S. M. (December 8, 1923 -- January 19, 2006) was a Roman Catholic cardinal and Archbishop of Samoa-Apia.	Pio Taofinu'u	cardinal
position held	Norovyn Altankhuyag (Mongolian: Норовын Алтанхуяг) is a Mongolian politician who was the Prime Minister of Mongolia from 2012 to 2014 and a Member of Parliament.	Norovyn Altankhuyag	Prime Minister of Mongolia
position held	Niqmepa (died c. 1270 BC) was the fourth King of Ugarit, a city-state in northwestern Syria.	Niqmepa	King of Ugarit
position held	Roger de Bailleul (died 25 September 1179) was a medieval Benedictine monk, abbot of Bec, and archbishop-elect of Canterbury.	Roger de Bailleul	abbot
position held	After retiring from Starfleet, Spock serves as a Federation ambassador, contributing toward the easing of the strained relationship between the Federation and the Klingon Empire.	Spock	ambassador
position held	Henry Adoniram Swift (March 23, 1823 -- February 25, 1869) was an American politician who was the third Governor of Minnesota.	Henry Adoniram Swift	Governor of Minnesota
position held	Arthur Richard Dillon (14 September 1721 -- 5 July 1806), French archbishop, was the son of Arthur Dillon (1670-1733), one of the Irish Wild Geese who became a general in the French service.	Arthur Richard Dillon	archbishop
position held	Rob Witwer (born February 2, 1971) is a Colorado politician, lawyer, and former Republican member of the Colorado House of Representatives.	Rob Witwer	member of the Colorado House of Representatives
position held	William Lansing Gleason (November 18, 1899 -- January 13, 1991) was a three-term mayor of Eau Gallie, Florida from 1930 to 1943 and 1950 to 1951.	William Lansing Gleason	mayor
position held	Robert Kosowski is a member of the Michigan House of Representatives representing a district based in Westland, Michigan.	Robert Kosowski	member of the Michigan House of Representatives
position held	James John Walker, often known as Jimmy Walker and colloquially as Beau James (June 19, 1881 -- November 18, 1946), was Mayor of New York City from 1926 to 1932.	Jimmy Walker	Mayor of New York City
position held	Algernon Coote, 6th Earl of Mountrath PC (Ire) (6 June 1689 -- 27 August 1744), styled The Honourable Algernon Coote until 1720, was an Irish peer who sat as a Member of Parliament in the Parliament of Ireland as well as in the Parliament of Great Britain.	Algernon Coote, 6th Earl of Mountrath	Member of Parliament in the Parliament of Ireland
position held	John Lesley (or Leslie) (29 September 1527 -- 31 May 1596) was a Scottish Roman Catholic bishop and historian.	John Lesley	bishop
position held	Thomas Hatfield (died 1381) was Bishop of Durham from 1345 to 1381.	Thomas Hatfield	Bishop of Durham
position held	Anastasios Balkos (Greek: Αναστάσιος Μπάλκος, 1916--1995) was a Greek Army lieutenant general and conservative politician, who served as Greece's Minister of Public Order and as an intelligence officer in the Greek secret services.	Anastasios Balkos	Minister of Public Order
position held	W. Curtis Thomas is a Democratic Party member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 181.	Curtis Thomas	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
position held	Tobias Read (born 1975) is an American Democratic politician who is a current member of the Oregon House of Representatives, representing District 27 since 2006, which comprises parts of Beaverton, southwest Portland, and unincorporated Multnomah and Washington Counties.	Tobias Read	member of the Oregon House of Representatives
position held	Jürgen Brandt (19 October 1922 -- 26 July 2003) was a German general and Chief of Federal Armed Forces Staff from 1978 until 1983.	Jürgen Brandt	Chief of Federal Armed Forces Staff
position held	Saint Amantius of Como (Italian: Sant'Amanzio di Como) (died April 8, 448 AD) is venerated as the third bishop of Como.	Amantius of Como	bishop
position held	James Murray Mason (November 3, 1798 -- April 28, 1871) was a United States Representative and United States Senator from Virginia.	James Murray Mason	United States Senator
position held	Miloslav Vlk (born 17 May 1932), the Archbishop Emeritus of Prague, is a cardinal in the Roman Catholic Church.	Miloslav Vlk	cardinal
position held	George Tyler Wood (March 12, 1795 -- September 3, 1858) was an American military officer and politician who served as the second Governor of Texas.	George Tyler Wood	Governor of Texas
position held	Daniel Zimmermann (born 3 May 1982 in Düsseldorf) is a German politician, founder of the PETO party and is the mayor of Monheim am Rhein since 21 October 2009.	Daniel Zimmermann	mayor
position held	Chiril Gaburici (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈkiril gaburiʃʲ); born 23 November 1976) is a Moldovan businessman and former Prime Minister of Moldova.	Chiril Gaburici	Prime Minister of Moldova
position held	Seán Neeson (born 9 February 1946) is a politician in Northern Ireland who served as leader of the Alliance Party of Northern Ireland between 1998 and 2001.	Seán Neeson	Alliance Party of Northern Ireland
position held	Nathan Clifford (August 18, 1803 -- July 25, 1881) was an American statesman, diplomat and jurist, whose career culminated in a lengthy period of service as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States.	Nathan Clifford	Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States
position held	Ole H. Olson (September 19, 1872 -- January 29, 1954) was the sixteenth Lieutenant Governor and the eighteenth Governor of North Dakota.	Ole H. Olson	Governor of North Dakota
position held	Thomas W. Dempsey (born January 23, 1931 in Williamsport, Pennsylvania) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.	Thomas W. Dempsey	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
position held	Pierre Théoma Boisrond-Canal (12 June 1832 -- 6 March 1905) was a Haitian politician who served as the President of Haiti three times.	Pierre Théoma Boisrond-Canal	President of Haiti
position held	Bushrod Washington (June 5, 1762 -- November 26, 1829) was an attorney and politician, appointed as Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, where he served for more than 30 years.	Bushrod Washington	Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States
position held	Florence Duperval Guillaume, a Haitian politician, is Haiti's Minister of Public Health and Population, and was Prime Minister of Haiti from 20 December 2014 to 16 January 2015	Florence Duperval Guillaume	Prime Minister of Haiti
position held	Col. Thomas Michael Holt (July 15, 1831 -- April 11, 1896) was a prominent North Carolina industrialist who served as the 47th Governor of North Carolina from 1891 to 1893.	Thomas Michael Holt	Governor of North Carolina
position held	Francis Blackburne PC (Ire) KS (11 November 1782 -- 17 September 1867) was an Irish judge and eventually became Lord Chancellor of Ireland.	Francis Blackburne	Lord Chancellor of Ireland
position held	Juan Bautista de Zengotita Bengoa (September 13, 1735 -- November 1, 1802) was the Roman Catholic bishop of San Juan, Puerto Rico, from 1795-1802.	Juan Bautista de Zengotita Bengoa	bishop
position held	Laurie Jinkins is a public health official from Tacoma, Washington who serves as a member of the Washington House of Representatives from the 27th district.	Laurie Jinkins	member of the Washington House of Representatives
position held	José de Carvajal y Hué (Málaga, Spain, 8 October 1835 -- Madrid, Spain, 4 June 1899) was a Spanish lawyer, economist, writer and politician who served as Minister of State from 1873 to 1874, during the presidency of Emilio Castelar y Ripoll in the First Spanish Republic.	José de Carvajal y Hué	Minister of State
position held	Bruce Furness is an American politician, the former mayor of Fargo, North Dakota.	Bruce Furness	mayor of Fargo, North Dakota
position held	Suzanne Tremblay (born January 24, 1937) is a politician from Quebec, Canada, who served as a Bloc Québécois member of the House of Commons of Canada from 1993 to 2004.	Suzanne Tremblay	member of the House of Commons of Canada
position held	Gustavo Rojas Pinilla (12 March 1900 -- 17 January 1975) was the 19th President of Colombia from June 1953 to May 1957.	Gustavo Rojas Pinilla	President of Colombia
position held	Cadwalader Evans (December 25, 1762 -- October 26, 1841) was a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives and served as speaker in 1799.	Cadwalader Evans	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
position held	Kazi Zafar Ahmed (i//1939 -- 27 August 2015) was a Bangladeshi politician who was the Prime Minister of Bangladesh from 1989 to 1990.	Kazi Zafar Ahmed	Prime Minister of Bangladesh
position held	John Atkin is a former two term Democratic member of the Connecticut Senate from Norwalk, Connecticut's 25th Senate district and a former three term member of the Connecticut House of Representatives from Norwalk, Connecticut's 140th House district.	John Atkin	member of the Connecticut Senate	member of the Connecticut House of Representatives
position held	Richard Ravitch (born July 7, 1933) is an American politician and businessman who served as Lieutenant Governor of New York from 2009 to 2010.	Richard Ravitch	Lieutenant Governor of New York
position held	There are two people named Barnabas among Hippolytus' list of Seventy Disciples, one (#13) became the bishop of Milan, the other (#25) the bishop of Heraclea.	Barnabas	bishop
position held	Robert Walker, Baron Walker of Gestingthorpe, PC, (born 17 March 1938) is an English barrister and former Justice of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom.	Robert Walker, Baron Walker of Gestingthorpe	Justice of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom
position held	Bernardino Maffei (Bergamo, 27 January 1514 - Rome, 16 July 1553) was an Italian archbishop and cardinal.	Bernardino Maffei	archbishop	cardinal
position held	Randy Truitt is a member of the Indiana House of Representatives representing District 26 which includes portions of Tippecanoe and Warren County.	Randy Truitt	member of the Indiana House of Representatives
position held	Marie Grégoire (born August 15, 1965) was the Action démocratique du Québec Member of the National Assembly of Quebec, Canada, for the electoral district of Berthier from 2002 to 2003.	Marie Grégoire	Member of the National Assembly
position held	William Kidston (17 August 1849 -- 25 October 1919) was an Australian politician and Premier of Queensland, from January 1906 to November 1907 and again from February 1908 to February 1911.	William Kidston	Premier of Queensland
position held	Michael Hannan (20 July 1821 -- 17 April 1882) was a Roman Catholic priest and archbishop.	Michael Hannan	archbishop
position held	Freculf's origins are unknown, but it is known that he became a bishop in either 823 or 825 until his death on 8 October 850 or 852.	Freculf	bishop
position held	Djedhotepre Dedumose I was an Egyptian pharaoh of the Second Intermediate Period.	Dedumose I	pharaoh
position held	Letlapa Mphahlele (born 8 December 1960) is a member of the National Assembly of South Africa who represents the Pan Africanist Congress of Azania.	Letlapa Mphahlele	member of the National Assembly of South Africa
position held	Francisco Javier Mier Campillo (1748 -- 1818) was a Spanish bishop who was Grand Inquisitor of Spain from 1814 to 1818.	Francisco Javier Mier Campillo	bishop	Grand Inquisitor
position held	Jim McGregor is a Republican politician who was a member of the Ohio House of Representatives, representing the 20th District from 2001 to 2008.	Jim McGregor	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Benjamin Travis Laney, Jr. (25 November 1896 -- 21 January 1977), was the 33rd Governor of Arkansas, having served from 1945 to 1949.	Benjamin Travis Laney	Governor of Arkansas
position held	Philip Reed (1760 -- November 2, 1829) was a United States Senator representing Maryland from 1806 to 1813.	Philip Reed	United States Senator
position held	James Bellord (26 February 1846 -- 11 June 1905) was an English-born Roman Catholic bishop who served as the Vicar Apostolic of Gibraltar from 1899 to 1905.	James Bellord	Catholic bishop
position held	Roger A. Madigan is a Republican politician and former member of the Pennsylvania State Senate from the 23rd District.	Roger A. Madigan	member of the Pennsylvania State Senate
position held	Jacob Sander was an American cattle dealer from Milwaukee, Wisconsin who served a single term as a Liberal Reform Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.	Jacob Sander	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Jürgen Chrobog (born February 28, 1940 Berlin) is a German jurist, diplomat, and German Ambassador to the United States from 1995 to 2001.	Jürgen Chrobog	German Ambassador to the United States
position held	Juan Manuel Oliva Ramírez (born March 21, 1960 León, Guanajuato) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the National Action Party (PAN) who served as Governor of Guanajuato from 2006 to 2012.	Juan Manuel Oliva	Governor of Guanajuato
position held	José Sócrates Carvalho Pinto de Sousa, GCIH (born 6 September 1957), commonly known as José Sócrates (Portuguese pronunciation: (ʒuˈzɛ ˈsɔkɾɐtɨʃ)), is a Portuguese politician who was the Prime Minister of Portugal from 12 March 2005 to 21 June 2011.	José Sócrates	Prime Minister of Portugal
position held	Thomas Joseph Murphy (October 3, 1932 -- June 26, 1997) was an American bishop in the Catholic Church who served as Bishop of Great Falls from 1978--1987, Coadjutor Archbishop of Seattle from 1987--1991, and Archbishop of Seattle from 1991 until his death.	Thomas Joseph Murphy	bishop
position held	Daughter of Amasis II, Nitocris II is mainly attested by a monument now in Chicago (OI 10584) on which she is called High Priest of Amun; the same monument also claim that the God's Wife of Amun Ankhnesneferibre was her ``mother''.	Nitocris II	God's Wife of Amun
position held	Girolamo Maria Gotti, O.C.D. (29 March 1834, Genoa; died 19 March 1916, Rome), sometimes erroneously called Giuseppe Gotti, was a friar of the Discalced Carmelite Order, who served in various offices of the Holy See as a cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.	Girolamo Maria Gotti	cardinal
position held	Faustin-Archange Touadéra (born 21 April 1957) is a Central African politician and academic who served as Prime Minister of the Central African Republic from January 2008 to January 2013.	Faustin-Archange Touadéra	Prime Minister of the Central African Republic
position held	James Rogers Pope, known as J. Rogers Pope (born June 1941), is a retired school superintendent from Denham Springs, Louisiana, who is a Republican member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from District 71 in Livingston Parish, one of the Florida Parishes in the southeastern portion of his state.	J. Rogers Pope	member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
position held	John Frullo (born August 1, 1962) is a businessman from Lubbock, Texas, who is a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 84.	John Frullo	member of the Texas House of Representatives
position held	Pedro Pacheco de Villena (29 June 1488, La Puebla de Montalban, near Toledo - 5 March 1560, Rome) also known as Pedro Pacheco Ladrón de Guevara, was a Spanish cardinal and viceroy of Naples.	Pedro Pacheco de Villena	cardinal
position held	Warner Miller (August 12, 1838 -- March 21, 1918) was a Representative and a United States Senator from New York.	Warner Miller	United States Senator
position held	Saint Gerard of Potenza, also Gerard La Porta (Italian: Gerardo di Potenza, Gerardo La Porta) (d. 30 October 1118) was a Roman Catholic saint and a bishop of Potenza in Italy,	Gerard of Potenza	bishop
position held	William Pitt Kellogg (December 8, 1830 -- August 10, 1918) was an American lawyer and Republican Party politician who served as a United States Senator from 1868 to 1872 and from 1877 to 1883 and as the Governor of Louisiana from 1873 to 1877 during the Reconstruction Era.	William Pitt Kellogg	United States Senator	Governor of Louisiana
position held	Sigurd Anderson (January 22, 1904 in Arendal, Aust-Agder -- December 21, 1990) was the 19th Governor of South Dakota.	Sigurd Anderson	Governor of South Dakota
position held	Aristomenis Kontogouris (Greek: Αριστομένης Κοντογούρης, 1841--1904) was a Greek politician of Achaia and a mayor of Patras.	Aristomenis Kontogouris	mayor
position held	Charles James Faulkner (September 21, 1847 -- January 13, 1929) was a United States Senator from West Virginia and the son of Charles James Faulkner, a U.S. Representative from Virginia and West Virginia.	Charles James Faulkner	United States Senator
position held	Damian Dalu is the Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Geita, Tanzania.	Damian Dalu	bishop
position held	Antonella Mularoni (born 27 September 1961) is a Sammarinese politician who was Captain Regent of San Marino from April 2013 until October 2013 (alongside Denis Amici) and Secretary for Foreign Affairs.	Antonella Mularoni	Captain Regent of San Marino
position held	Licinius of Angers (Lezin, Lésin) (c.540--c.609) was a Frankish nobleman and bishop of Angers.	Licinius of Angers	bishop
position held	Paul Kohls (born April 15, 1974) is a Republican politician and a former member of the Minnesota House of Representatives who represented District 34A, which covers central and western Carver County and part of Scott County in the southern part of the state.	Paul Kohls	member of the Minnesota House of Representatives
position held	Nabil Elaraby (Arabic: نبيل العربي; born 15 March 1935) is an Egyptian diplomat who has been Secretary-General of the Arab League since July 2011.	Nabil Elaraby	Secretary-General of the Arab League
position played on team / speciality	Bradley Wood is a combative player who was promoted to the club's first team squad midway through the 2008--09 season as a makeshift defender from the youth team.	Bradley Wood	defender
position played on team / speciality	Nikita Baranov (born 19 August 1992) is an Estonian professional footballer who plays as a central defender for Estonian Meistriliiga club Flora and the Estonia national football team.	Nikita Baranov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Adis Jahović (Macedonian: Адис Јаховиќ, born 18 March 1987) is a Macedonian football forward of Bosniak descent.	Adis Jahović	forward
position played on team / speciality	Carlos Renan Bloise Serra known as Carlos Renan (born February 12, 1983 in Rio de Janeiro) is a retired Brazilian footballer who played as a defender in Brazil and manager.	Carlos Renan	defender
position played on team / speciality	Karl Gunnar David Lidholm (born 28 May 1982), formerly known as David Johansson, is a Swedish football defender who mainly played for Hammarby IF in Stockholm.	David Lidholm	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mathieu Bastareaud (French pronunciation: ​(matjø bastaʁo); born 17 September 1988) is a French rugby union centre who plays for Toulon.	Mathieu Bastareaud	centre
position played on team / speciality	Emilio Pacione (c. 1920 - 25 August 2012) was a Scottish footballer who played as a winger best known for playing for Dundee United from 1945 to 1950.	Emilio Pacione	winger
position played on team / speciality	Wally Savor (born 21 June 1959) is an Australian former international soccer player who played professionally as a defender or midfielder for Sydney Croatia.	Wally Savor	defender
position played on team / speciality	Adam Bedell (born December 1, 1991) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a forward.	Adam Bedell	forward
position played on team / speciality	Lourenço Tomás Cuxixima, commonly known as Loló (born 3 December 1981) is an Angolan footballer who plays as a forward.	Loló	forward
position played on team / speciality	John Boye (born 23 April 1987 in Accra) is a Ghanaian international professional footballer who plays as a defender for Turkish club Sivasspor.	John Boye	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marios Christodoulou (Greek: Μάριος Χριστοδούλου; born July 4, 1974 in Athens, Greece) is a Cypriot football midfielder who is under contract for Nikos & Sokratis Erimis.	Marios Christodoulou	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marc Marino is an Australian professional footballer who plays for Melbourne City FC as a centre forward.	Marc Marino	forward
position played on team / speciality	Roberto Tancredi (born January 30, 1944 in Montecatini Val di Cecina) is a retired Italian professional football player who played as a goalkeeper.	Roberto Tancredi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ørjan Berg (born 20 August 1968 in Bodø) is a former Norwegian football midfielder, who most recently played for Rosenborg.	Ørjan Berg	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jesús Fernández Hernández (born August 6, 1975 in Villena, Alicante) is a Spanish basketball player, playing the power forward position.	Jesús Fernández Hernández	power forward
position played on team / speciality	Alejandro González Rojas (born March 3, 1955 in Atenas) is a former Costa Rican goalkeeper who played most of his career for Alajuelense in the Primera Division de Costa Rica.	Alejandro González Rojas	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	David Collie Martin, universally known as Collie Martin, (born 19 March 1890 in Brechin; died 26 March 1917 in Ypres, Belgium) was a Scottish footballer who played as a forward.	Collie Martin	forward
position played on team / speciality	Mohammed Hameed Farhan (Arabic: محمد حميد فرحان‎ , born January 24, 1993 in Fallujah, Al-Anbar, Iraq) is an Iraqi football goalkeeper who currently plays for Zakho in Iraqi Premier League and the Iraq national team.	Mohammed Hameed Farhan	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Wolfram Wuttke (17 November 1961 -- 1 March 2015) was a German footballer who played as a midfielder.	Wolfram Wuttke	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Michaël Pereira (born 8 December 1987) is a French professional footballer who plays for Spanish club RCD Mallorca as a winger.	Michaël Pereira	winger
position played on team / speciality	Atanas Arshinkov (Bulgarian: Атанас Аршинков; born 8 April 1987) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.	Atanas Arshinkov	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Harald Ebertz (born 18 May 1967) is a former German football goalkeeper.	Harald Ebertz	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Simone Pesce (born 10 July 1982) is an Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Novara in the Serie B.	Simone Pesce	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Bernard Radford (23 January 1908 -- 2 October 1986) was an English professional footballer who played as a centre forward, and occasionally as an inside forward.	Bernard Radford	forward
position played on team / speciality	Cyril Špendla (born 22 August 1979 in Šaľa) is a former Slovak football defender who recently played for club MFK Dubnica.	Cyril Špendla	defender
position played on team / speciality	Anton Kuryanov (Russian: Антон Курьянов; born March 11, 1983) is a professional ice hockey centre forward who is currently playing for Avangard Omsk of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Anton Kuryanov	centre
position played on team / speciality	Anestis Anastasiadis (Greek: Ανέστης Αναστασιάδης; born 21 January 1983 in Ptolemaida, Greece) is a professional football defender currently playing for Kalloni.	Anestis Anastasiadis	defender
position played on team / speciality	Naji Shushan (Arabic: ناجي الشوشان‎; born January 14, 1981 in Tripoli, Libya) is a Libyan football defender currently playing for Alahly.	Naji Shushan	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alberto Malusci (born on June 23, 1972 in Pistoia) is an Italian former football (defender).	Alberto Malusci	defender
position played on team / speciality	Demetris Maris (Greek: Δημήτρης Μάρης; born 24 June 1979 in Athens) is a Greek footballer who plays for THOI Lakatamia as a defender.	Demetris Maris	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mapuata Cédric Makiadi (born 23 February 1984) is a Congolese international footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Turkish club Çaykur Rizespor.	Cédric Makiadi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ma'aly Kaware (born 11 March 1983) is a Palestinian footballer who plays as a midfielder for West Bank League club Markaz Shabab Al-Am'ari and the Palestine national team.	Ma'aly Kaware	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Juan Manuel Rodríguez Domínguez (born 28 February 1972), commonly known as Juanma, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender, and a current manager.	Juan Manuel Rodríguez Domínguez	defender
position played on team / speciality	Romeo Fernandes (born 6 July 1992) is an Indian footballer who plays primarily as a winger for Dempo of the I-League 2nd Division.	Romeo Fernandes	winger
position played on team / speciality	Leonardo Medeiros da Silva (born 14 January 1988), known as Léo Kanu, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for São José-PA, as a central defender.	Léo Kanu	defender
position played on team / speciality	Gérald Passi (born 21 January 1964 in Albi, Tarn) is a former football midfielder.	Gérald Passi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nenad Lukić (Serbian Cyrillic: Ненад Лукић; 14 December 1968 -- 10 February 2014) was a Serbian football goalkeeper.	Nenad Lukić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Petr Kašpar (born 26 June 1960) is a retired Czech football defender and current Director General of Slovak football club Slovan Bratislava.	Petr Kašpar	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mohamed Benyahia (born 30 June 1992) is an Algerian professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 club MC Oran.	Mohamed Benyahia	defender
position played on team / speciality	José Carlos dos Anjos Sávio, better known as Zé Carlos (Criciúma, September 9, 1985), is a Brazilian footballer who acts as a goalkeeper.	José Carlos dos Anjos Sávio	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Sameehg Doutie (born May 31, 1989 in Cape Town, Western Cape) is a South African football (soccer) midfielder who plays for Atlético de Kolkata in the Indian Super League	Sameehg Doutie	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nate DiCasmirro (born September 27, 1978) is an ice hockey right winger who was born in Atikokan, Ontario but grew up in Burnsville, Minnesota, a suburb of Minneapolis.	Nate DiCasmirro	winger
position played on team / speciality	Ritchie Kitoko (born 11 June 1988) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays for Greek club Asteras Tripoli F.C. on loan from Udinese Calcio as a defensive midfielder.	Ritchie Kitoko	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marlisa Wahlbrink (born April 10, 1973 in Porto Alegre), also known as Maravilha, is a retired Brazilian football player and goalkeeper in the women's national team.	Marlisa Wahlbrink	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mao Jiakang (Chinese: 毛嘉康; Pinyin: Máo Jiākāng; born 17 January 1991 in Shanghai) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Shanghai East Asia as a forward.	Mao Jiakang	forward
position played on team / speciality	Amir Radi (Persian: امیر رادی‎, born January 7, 1983) is an Iranian football midfielder .	Amir Radi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Fabián Horacio Coronel (born 29 June 1987) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Santamarina, as a right defender or defensive midfielder.	Fabián Horacio Coronel	defender
position played on team / speciality	Thomas Vincensini (born 12 September 1993) is a French footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for SC Bastia in Ligue 1.	Thomas Vincensini	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Esteban Nicolás González (born 16 September 1978 in Córdoba, Argentina) is a former football midfielder that played for Belgrano of the Argentine Primera División.	Esteban Nicolás González	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	No Yeon-bin (Hangul: 노연빈; born 2 April 1990) is a South Korean footballer who plays as defender for Chungju Hummel in K League Challenge.	No Yeon-bin	defender
position played on team / speciality	Florian Gothe (born 9 August 1962) is a retired German football defender.	Florian Gothe	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marcelo José Oliveira (born 5 September 1981 in Santa Rita do Sapucaí), commonly known as Marcelo Oliveira, is a Brazilian football defender who plays for Moreirense in the Portuguese Primeira Liga.	Marcelo José Oliveira	defender
position played on team / speciality	Graham Clapham (born 23 September 1947, Lincoln, Lincolnshire) is a former English professional footballer who played as a midfielder.	Graham Clapham	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Emil Garipov (born August 15, 1991) is a Russian professional ice hockey goaltender of Tatar descent.	Emil Garipov	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Simone Basso (born 25 July 1982) is an Italian football forward who currently plays for Serie B side Trapani.	Simone Basso	forward
position played on team / speciality	Adrian Valentić (born 10 August 1987) is a Croatian professional footballer playing for SHB Đà Nẵng in V.League 1 as a defender.	Adrian Valentić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Waleska Diaz (born 2 April 1986) is a Honduran football player who currently plays as a midfielder.	Waleska Diaz	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marcus Vinícius Vidal Cunha (born 28 May 1992 in Rio de Janeiro), commonly known as Marquinhos Carioca or Marquinhos, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Club Atlético River Plate in Uruguay, as a midfielder.	Marquinhos Carioca	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Serhiy Kulynych (Ukrainian: Сергій Вікторович Кулинич; born 9 January 1995 in Mala Tokmachka, Orikhiv Raion, Zaporizhia Oblast, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian football defender.	Serhiy Kulynych	defender
position played on team / speciality	Roberto Ruiz Esparza Jr. (born 14 April 1992 in Puebla, Puebla, Mexico) is a professional footballer, currently playing as a forward for Merida in the Ascenso MX.	Roberto Ruiz Esparza Jr.	forward
position played on team / speciality	Luca Ricci (born March 13, 1989) is an Italian footballer who plays as a defender for Italian Serie B club Varese on loan from A.C. Cesena.	Luca Ricci	defender
position played on team / speciality	Villiam Vecchi (born December 28, 1948, in Scandiano, Reggio Emilia) is a former Italian soccer goalkeeper, and currently the goalkeeping coach for Al Sadd.	Villiam Vecchi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	You Yuanwen (Chinese: 由元文 born 23 April 1986) is a Chinese football player who currently plays as midfielder or striker for Sichuan Longfor in the China League Two.	You Yuanwen	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mihail Valchev (Bulgarian: Михаил Вълчев, born 13 October 1956 in Dalgopol) is a former Bulgarian football forward.	Mihail Valchev	forward
position played on team / speciality	Ismet Munishi (born 3 October 1974) was an Kosovar footballer who has played as a midfielder.	Ismet Munishi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Manuel Cervantes García (born 6 April 1957) was a Spanish professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Manuel Cervantes	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ibrahim Maaroufi (Arabic: ابراهيم معروفي‎; born 18 January 1989) is a Moroccan football midfielder.	Ibrahim Maaroufi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jorge Larena-Avellaneda Roig (born 29 September 1981), known as Larena, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Cypriot club AEK Larnaca F.C. usually as an attacking midfielder.	Jorge Larena	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nílton de Sordi (14 February 1931 -- 24 August 2013), known simply as De Sordi, was a Brazilian footballer who played as a defender.	Nílton de Sordi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Michalis Sifakis (Greek: Μιχάλης Σηφάκης; born 9 September 1984) is a Greek footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for the Greek national team, who plays for Kortrijk.	Michalis Sifakis	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mathieu Berson (born 23 February 1980) is a retired French footballer who until 2013 played for Championnat National club Vannes as a midfielder.	Mathieu Berson	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Abdel Malek El Hasnaoui (pronunciation: (ʕæbdɛlˈmælɪk ʔɛlˈħæsnawi); born 9 February 1994) is a Dutch professional football player of Moroccan-Berber descent who plays as a midfielder for PEC Zwolle in the Eredivisie.	Abdel Malek El Hasnaoui	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Stanisław Oślizło (born November 13, 1937 in Wodzisław Śląski) is a retired Polish footballer (defender).	Stanisław Oślizło	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jamal Sadat (Amharic: ጃማል ጻዳት?, born 2 July 1983 in Addis Abeba) is an Ethiopian football goalkeeper.	Jamal Sadat	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Regan Kelly (born 9 March 1981 in Watrous, Saskatchewan, but growing up in Imperial) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman.	Regan Kelly	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Connor Calcutt (born 10 October 1993) is an English professional footballer who plays as a forward for Wealdstone in the Conference South.	Connor Calcutt	forward
position played on team / speciality	Juha Riihijärvi (born 15 December 1969 in Keminmaa, Finland) is a former professional ice hockey left winger who played his last season for Bolzano-Bozen Foxes in Italian Serie A.	Juha Riihijärvi	winger
position played on team / speciality	Ljubomir Mladenovski (born May 2, 1995) is a Macedonian professional basketball center who currently plays for MZT Skopje.	Ljubomir Mladenovski	center
position played on team / speciality	Kristján Finnbogason (born 8 May 1971) is an Icelandic football goalkeeper playing for First Division side Grótta.	Kristján Finnbogason	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mehdi Méniri (Arabic: مهدي منيري‎) (born June 29, 1977 in Metz, France) is a former Algerian football defender.	Mehdi Méniri	defender
position played on team / speciality	Siyabonga Nhlapo (born 23 December 1988) is a South African football (soccer) midfielder who plays for Bidvest Wits in the Premier Soccer League.	Siyabonga Nhlapo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tarcisio Catanese (born 6 September 1967) is a retired Italian professional football midfielder who has more recently been involved in the sport as a manager.	Tarcisio Catanese	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Przemysław Kazimierczak (Polish pronunciation: (pʂɛˈmɨswaf kaʑiˈmʲɛrtʂak); born 22 February 1988) is a Polish football goalkeeper.	Przemysław Kazimierczak	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mateo Roskam (born March 16, 1987 in Split) is a Croatian footballer who plays for Tampines Rovers in the S.League as a forward	Mateo Roskam	forward
position played on team / speciality	Simon Farnworth (born 28 October 1963 in Chorley, Lancashire) is a former English footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Simon Farnworth	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Derek Shybunka (born September 25, 1970) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey and inline hockey goaltender.	Derek Shybunka	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Gaëtan Englebert (born 11 June 1976) is a former Belgian footballer who played as a defensive midfielder, and the current director of football of RFC Liège.	Gaëtan Englebert	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Murod Zukhurov is an Uzbekistani goalkeeper who plays for FC Bunyodkor, he was born on 23 February 1983 in Tashkent.	Murod Zukhurov	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ulysse Adjagba (born March 27, 1993) is a French professional basketball player who currently plays for Aix Maurienne of the LNB Pro B. He is a 1.85 m (6 ft 1 in) tall point guard.	Ulysse Adjagba	point guard
position played on team / speciality	Clive Ford (born 10 April 1945) is an English former professional footballer who playued as a forward.	Clive Ford	forward
position played on team / speciality	Brian Loftin (born April 4, 1972 in Kansas City, Missouri) is a retired American soccer forward and was the commissioner of the Xtreme Soccer League.	Brian Loftin	forward
position played on team / speciality	Sébastien Gondouin (born 15 March 1976 in Créteil) is a retired French football (soccer) defender.	Sébastien Gondouin	defender
position played on team / speciality	Itzhak Drucker (Hebrew: יצחק דרוקר‎; born June 3, 1947) is a former Israeli football defender, who played for Israel national football team between 1966 and 1970.	Itzhak Drucker	defender
position played on team / speciality	Gianluca Bacchiocchi (born 6 April 1987, in Roma) is an Italian association football midfielder who currently plays for S.S. Cavese 1919.	Gianluca Bacchiocchi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sebastião de Freitas Couto Júnior, better known as Sebá (born June 8, 1992 in Salvador) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Greek club Olympiacos F.C. mainly as a centre forward.	Sebá	forward
position played on team / speciality	Mario Hieblinger (born 5 July 1977 in Mistelbach, Lower Austria) is an Austrian football player who currently plays for FC Pasching as a defender, while also serving as assistant coach.	Mario Hieblinger	defender
position played on team / speciality	Errol Palmer (born 1945) is a retired professional basketball small forward who played one season in the American Basketball Association (ABA) as a member of the Minnesota Muskies (1967--68).	Errol Palmer	small forward
position played on team / speciality	Greg Neeld (born February 25, 1955 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a retired ice hockey defenceman.	Greg Neeld	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Finn Døssing Jensen (born 27 April 1941) is a Danish former footballer who played as a centre forward.	Finn Døssing	forward
position played on team / speciality	Sargis Hovhannisyan (Armenian: Սարգիս Հովհաննիսյան, born 17 August 1968), is a former Armenian football defender, who mostly spent his club career at FC Lokomotiv Moscow.	Sargis Hovhannisyan	defender
position played on team / speciality	Klysman Lucas Lopes Silva (born 15 June 1990 in Rio de Janeiro), aka Lucas Klysman is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Serzedelo on loan from Vitória Guimarães, as forward.	Lucas Klysman	forward
position played on team / speciality	On 16 June 2011, Zimbabwe international and former Warriors forward Evans Chikwaikwai has joined Premiership newcomers Chicken Inn.	Evans Chikwaikwai	forward
position played on team / speciality	Mauro Di Lello (born 12 March 1978) is a professional footballer who most recently played for Maltese Premier League side Birkirkara, where he played as a defender.	Mauro Di Lello	defender
position played on team / speciality	Zarni Htet (Burmese: ဇာနည်ထက်; born 4 June 1994) is a footballer from Burma, and a defender for the Myanmar U-23 football team and Yangon United FC	Zarni Htet	defender
position played on team / speciality	Klaus Hirche (born June 7, 1939) is a German retired ice hockey goaltender, who competed for SG Dynamo Weißwasser.	Klaus Hirche	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Daryl Shore (born January 6, 1970 in Peekskill, New York) is a retired U.S. soccer goalkeeper who was most recently head coach of Fort Lauderdale Strikers in the second division North American Soccer League.	Daryl Shore	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	André Luís Alves Santos, shortly Andre (born 16 November 1972) is a Brazilian footballer, who played as a midfielder.	André Luís Alves Santos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Daniel Cadena Sanchez (born 9 February 1987 in Manzanilla, Andalucia, Spain) is a football forward who currently plays for Slovenian team Krško.	Daniel Cadena	forward
position played on team / speciality	Pablo Sarabia García (Spanish pronunciation: ('paβlo sa'ɾaβja ɣar'θi.a); born 11 May 1992) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Getafe CF. Mainly an attacking midfielder, he can also play as a winger.	Pablo Sarabia	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Calum Antell (born 13 June 1992) is a Welsh footballer who plays for Nairn County as a goalkeeper.	Calum Antell	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Pedro Jorge Ramos Moreira (born 16 January 1983 in Lisbon) is a Cape Verdean professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club U.D. Leiria as a forward.	Pedro Jorge Ramos Moreira	forward
position played on team / speciality	Callum Camps is an English-born Northern Irish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for League One side Rochdale.	Callum Camps	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mickaël Debève (born December 1, 1970 in Abbeville) is a former French footballer who played as a midfielder.	Mickaël Debève	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Achille Polonara (born November 23, 1991) is an Italian professional basketball player who plays Grissin Bon Reggio Emilia of the Italian Serie A. He plays primarily as power forward.	Achille Polonara	power forward
position played on team / speciality	Harold John Court, commonly known as Jack Court (13 June 1919 in Tir-Phil, Wales -- 1975) was a former footballer who played as an inside forward.	Jack Court	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	Phùng Văn Nhiên (born on November 23, 1982 in Vietnam) is a Vietnamese footballer who is a defender for Hải Phòng.	Phùng Văn Nhiên	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jordan Simpson (born 28 August 1985 in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia) is an Australian footballer who plays as a central midfielder for New South Wales Premier League club APIA Leichhardt.	Jordan Simpson	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Fayez Bandar (born on December 7, 1983) is a Kuwaiti footballer (defender) playing currently for Al Qadisiya Kuwait and Kuwait national football team.	Fayez Bandar	defender
position played on team / speciality	Richie Richmond is a retired American soccer midfielder who played professionally in the USISL and USL A-League.	Richie Richmond	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Héctor Morán Correa (born February 13, 1962 in Durazno) is a retired football midfielder from Uruguay, who was nicknamed ``Indio''.	Héctor Morán	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Julien Peyrelongue (born April 2, 1981 in Bayonne) is a French rugby union fly-half, currently playing for the Pro D2 team Dax.	Julien Peyrelongue	fly-half
position played on team / speciality	John Sludden (born 29 December 1964), is a Scottish former footballer who played as a forward for several clubs in the Scottish Football League.	John Sludden	forward
position played on team / speciality	Neil Freeman (born 16 February 1955) is an English former footballer who played as a goalkeeper in the Football League.	Neil Freeman	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Luca Marchegiani (Italian pronunciation: (ˈluka markeˈdʒani); born 22 February 1966) is an Italian former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Luca Marchegiani	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Kaido Saks (born 24 July 1986) is an Estonian professional basketball player who plays as a small forward.	Kaido Saks	small forward
position played on team / speciality	Stewart Murdoch (born 9 May 1990) is professional footballer playing as a midfielder for Ross County.	Stewart Murdoch	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ken Hesse (born February 3, 1972 in Denver, Colorado) is a retired American soccer defender who played one game for the MetroStars in Major League Soccer.	Ken Hesse	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ahmed Mihoubi (2 June 1924 -- 24 January 2004) was an Algerian-born French former international football defender.	Ahmed Mihoubi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Davide Belotti (born 24 May 1972 in Bollate) is an Italian association football defender.	Davide Belotti	defender
position played on team / speciality	Sara Caroline Seger (born 19 March 1985) is a Swedish footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Sweden women's national football team and Paris Saint-Germain of the French Division 1 Féminine.	Caroline Seger	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ruslan Abışov (born 10 October 1987) is an Azerbaijani footballer who plays as a defender, Azerbaijan Premier League club Gabala FK.	Ruslan Abışov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marine Cano is a retired American professional soccer goalkeeper who played in the North American Soccer League, Major Indoor Soccer League, American Soccer League and Western Soccer Alliance.	Marine Cano	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Petar Radev (Bulgarian: Петър Радев; born July 6, 1948) is a former Bulgarian ice hockey goaltender.	Petar Radev	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Denis Mujkić (born September 2, 1983) is a Bosnian football goalkeeper who is currently a Free Agent.	Denis Mujkić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Rašid Avdić (Serbian Cyrillic: Paшид Aвдић ; born 14 August 1980 in Loznica) is a Serbian-born Bosnian professional football forward currently playing in the First League of Republika Srpska club FK Podrinje Janja.	Rašid Avdić	forward
position played on team / speciality	Waldemar Kryger (born 8 November 1968 in Poznań), is a former Polish footballer who played as a defender.	Waldemar Kryger	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alexandre Moreno (born 3 October 1977) is a retired French professional footballer who played as a midfielder or a forward.	Alexandre Moreno	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Henrik Bødker (born 6 June 1983) is a Danish professional football midfielder, who currently plays for the Danish side Næstved BK.	Henrik Bødker	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	John Orwin (born 20 March 1954) is a former Rugby union lock.	John Orwin	lock
position played on team / speciality	Georgi Adamia (Georgian: გიორგი ადამია born 10 March 1981 in Tbilisi, Georgia, Soviet Union) is a Georgian football forward who last played for Sioni Bolnisi in the Georgian Umaglesi Liga.	Georgi Adamia	forward
position played on team / speciality	Alyaksandr Yermakovich (Belarusian: Аляксандр Ермаковіч; Russian: Александр Ермакович; born 21 January 1975) is a retired Belarusian football midfielder.	Alyaksandr Yermakovich	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Carlos Armando Gruezo Arboleda (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈkarlos ˈɣɾweso); born 19 April 1995) is an Ecuadorian footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Dallas in Major League Soccer.	Carlos Armando Gruezo Arboleda	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Frank Bucci is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who spent three seasons in the American Soccer League and two in the Major Indoor Soccer League Bucci attended the University of Pittsburgh where he played on the men's soccer team from 1974 to 1977.	Frank Bucci	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Johan Peltier (born 26 March 1992) is a Trinidad and Tobago professional football forward who currently plays for the Central FC.	Johan Peltier	forward
position played on team / speciality	Dennis Reeves (born 1 December 1944, Lochmaben) is a Scottish former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Dennis Reeves	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Dimitrios Moutas (born 15 April 1968) is a retired German-born Greek football forward.	Dimitrios Moutas	forward
position played on team / speciality	Geoff Wegerle is a retired South African soccer forward who played professionally in Europe, South Africa and the North American Soccer League.	Geoff Wegerle	forward
position played on team / speciality	Peter Leigh (born 4 March 1939) was an English professional footballer who played as a defender for Manchester City and Crewe Alexandra.	Peter Leigh	defender
position played on team / speciality	Fousseiny Tangara (born 12 June 1978 in Bamako) is a football goalkeeper from Mali who plays as Union sportive de Breteuil.	Fousseiny Tangara	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Matviy Bobal (Ukrainian: Матвій Матвійович Бобаль; born 27 May 1984 in Uzhhorod) is a Ukrainian football forward for SC Tavriya Simferopol in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Matviy Bobal	forward
position played on team / speciality	Monika Cvernová is a Czech football midfielder.	Monika Cvernová	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Pietro Pipolo (born 27 February 1986) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper and is currently unattached.	Pietro Pipolo	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	David Howells (born 15 December 1967) is an English former professional footballer, born in Guildford, Surrey, who played in the Football League as a midfielder for Tottenham Hotspur, with whom he spent the majority of his career, Southampton and Bristol City.	David Howells	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Matthew McGinley (born 15 August 1989) is a Scottish professional footballer, who plays as a goalkeeper.	Matthew McGinley	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Pedro Lino Iyanga Bama (born 15 June 1982 in Bata), known as Lino, is an Equatoguinean football defender.	Lino Iyanga	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jørn Jamtfall (born 24 July 1966 in Trondheim) is a Norwegian football coach and a former goalkeeper.	Jørn Jamtfall	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Viliame Waqaseduadua (born 23 April 1983 in Suva, Fiji) is a New Zealand rugby union player, usually as a wing.	Viliame Waqaseduadua	wing
position played on team / speciality	Vassilis Mytilinaios (Greek: Βασίλης Μυτιληναίος; born Genk, Belgium 7 March 1982) is a Greek football goalkeeper.	Vassilis Mytilinaios	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Diego Díaz Garrido (born 30 December 1968 in Madrid), known simply as Diego, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Diego Díaz Garrido	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Oswaldo Henríquez (born March 10, 1989 in Santa Marta, Magdalena) is a Colombian football defender, who currently plays for Sport Recife in the Campeonato Brasileiro.	Oswaldo Henríquez	defender
position played on team / speciality	George Holley (20 November 1885 -- 27 August 1942) was an English professional footballer who spent most of his career as an inside forward with Sunderland, helping them claim the Football League title in 1913.	George Holley	forward
position played on team / speciality	Revson Cordeiro dos Santos (born 20 December 1987 in Cascavel), simply known as Revson, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Avaí.	Revson Cordeiro dos Santos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Romano Obilinović (born 27 September 1979) is a Croatian footballer who plays as a forward, currently free agent.	Romano Obilinović	forward
position played on team / speciality	Sreten Sretenović (Serbian Cyrillic: Cpeтeн Cpeтeнoвић; born 12 January 1985) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays for Polish club KS Cracovia as a central defender.	Sreten Sretenović	defender
position played on team / speciality	Pascal Chimbonda (born 21 February 1979) is a French professional footballer who played as a defender for French side AC Arles-Avignon before he was released in February 2015.	Pascal Chimbonda	defender
position played on team / speciality	Sandy McLaughlan (1936 -- 1990) was a Scottish football goalkeeper, who played for Kilmarnock and Sunderland.	Sandy McLaughlan	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mahir Yousef is a Qatari footballer who plays as a forward.	Mahir Yousef	forward
position played on team / speciality	Mugurel Dumitru is a retired Romanian association football forward who played professionally in the USISL A-League.	Mugurel Dumitru	forward
position played on team / speciality	Brian Rowland (born December 30, 1980 in Toronto, Ontario) is a retired Canadian soccer player who was a goalkeeper in both the indoor and outdoor versions of the sport.	Brian Rowland	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Giorgio Di Vicino (born 16 July 1980) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Meistriliiga club Sillamäe Kalev.	Giorgio Di Vicino	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Muhammad Al-Hafiz Hamzah (born 15 March 1984 in Pendang, Kedah) is a Malaysian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Johor Darul Ta'zim II F.C. in Malaysia Premier League.	Muhammad Al-Hafiz	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Yankuba Ceesay also known as Maal (born on June 26, 1984) is a Gambian footballer (midfielder), who plays in Finnish Kakkonen for Kokkolan Palloveikot.	Yankuba Ceesay	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Răzvan Lucescu (born 17 February 1969) is a Romanian former football goalkeeper and current coach of Skoda Xanthi.	Răzvan Lucescu	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Reza Karamolachaab (Persian: رضا کرملاچعب‎‎) is an Iranian football forward who is currently play for Mafra in the the Portuguese Segunda Liga.	Reza Karamolachaab	forward
position played on team / speciality	Mark Cavallin (born October 20, 1971) is a Canadian-British former professional ice hockey goaltender.	Mark Cavallin	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Goran Lazarevski (Macedonian: Гopaн Лaзapeвcки ;born 17 December 1974 in Prilep) is a retired Macedonian international football midfielder.	Goran Lazarevski	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Hartwig Bleidick (born 26 December 1944) is a former football defender.	Hartwig Bleidick	defender
position played on team / speciality	Guilherme Mata Oliveira (born 12 April 1995 in Venda do Pinheiro) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Sporting B, as a goalkeeper.	Guilherme Mata Oliveira	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Josta Dladla (born 13 July 1979, Soweto, Gauteng) is a South African football (soccer) midfielder for National First Division club Moroka Swallows and South Africa.	Josta Dladla	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Héctor Fabián Carini Hernández (born 26 December 1979 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan football goalkeeper who plays for Juventud de Las Piedras	Fabián Carini	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ronald Thomas Burbeck (born 27 February 1934), known as Ron or Ronnie Burbeck, is an English former footballer who scored 25 goals from 160 appearances in the Football League playing as a winger for Leicester City, Middlesbrough and Darlington.	Ronnie Burbeck	winger
position played on team / speciality	Ramón Blanco Rodríguez (20 February 1952 -- 9 May 2013) was a Spanish football defensive midfielder and manager.	Ramón Blanco Rodríguez	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	João Leite da Silva Neto, known simply as João Leite (Pitangui, October 13, 1955), is a former Brazilian football goalkeeper who played for Atlético Mineiro in the decades of 1970, 1980 and 1990.	João Leite da Silva Neto	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Haris Mehmedagić (born 29 March 1988) is a Croatian defender (football), currently playing for NK Novigrad in the Croatian Treća HNL Zapad.	Haris Mehmedagić	defender
position played on team / speciality	George Beel (26 February 1900 -- 30 December 1980) was a professional footballer who played as a centre forward.	George Beel	forward
position played on team / speciality	Santiago Prim (born May 11, 1990 in Campana) is an Argentine footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Acassuso.	Santiago Prim	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Iván Tóth (born 22 March 1971, Budapest) is a retired Hungarian goalkeeper.	Iván Tóth	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Lucas Molina (30 March 1984 -- 28 April 2004) was an Argentine professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Independiente.	Lucas Molina	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Andranik Voskanyan (Armenian: Անդրանիկ Ոսկանյան, born 11 April 1990 in Yerevan) is an Armenian football player who currently plays as a defender for the Armenian national team and the Armenian Premier League club Alashkert FC.	Andranik Voskanyan	defender
position played on team / speciality	Zhao Mingjian (simplified Chinese: 赵明剑; traditional Chinese: 趙明劍; pinyin: Zhào Míngjiàn; born 22 November 1987 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a Chinese footballer who plays as a right-midfielder for Shandong Luneng in the Chinese Super League.	Zhao Mingjian	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marc-André Bourdon (born September 17, 1989) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman who played in the National Hockey League (NHL).	Marc-André Bourdon	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Artūrs Irbe (born February 2, 1967) is a Latvian professional ice hockey coach and former goaltender.	Artūrs Irbe	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Kamran Aghayev (Azerbaijani: Kamran Ağayev; born on 9 February 1986 in Şabran) is an Azerbaijani goalkeeper who currently plays for Inter Baku.	Kamran Aghayev	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Erwin Lemmens (born 12 May 1976) is a Belgian retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper, and the current goalkeeper coach of K.R.C. Genk and the Belgian national team.	Erwin Lemmens	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mario Da Pozzo (born July 9, 1939 in Legnago, Province of Verona) is an Italian former football goalkeeper.	Mario Da Pozzo	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Denni Rocha dos Santos, usually known as Denni (born 21 August 1982 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a professional footballer currently playing for Maltese Premier League side Hibernians, where he plays as a midfielder.	Denni Rocha dos Santos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Wanderley Santos Monteiro Júnior, or simply Wanderley (born October 11, 1988 in Campinas), is a Brazilian forward who currently plays for Arab Gulf League side Al Sharjah SC.	Wanderley Santos Monteiro Júnior	forward
position played on team / speciality	Marc Vales González (born 4 April 1990) is an Andorran footballer who plays for Real Zaragoza B as a defender or a defensive midfielder.	Marc Vales	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ryan Price (born 13 March 1970) is an English former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper in the Football League for Macclesfield Town.	Ryan Price	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ahmad Abbas Hattab Al-Saedi (Arabic: احمد عباس حطاب الساعدي‎, born May 9, 1994 in Basra, Iraq) is an Iraqi footballer who plays as a Center midfielder for Al-Minaa in Iraq Premier League.	Ahmad Abbas Hattab	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ilter Tashkin (according to other sources: Tashkin Ilter, Azerbaijani: İlter Taşkın, born on 5 July 1994 in Berlin) is a German-born Azerbaijani football midfielder.	Ilter Tashkin	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Luidjino Martir Hojer (born 5 February 1988) known as Luidjino Hoyer, is a Curaçaoan footballer who plays as a midfielder for Magreb'90 in the Dutch Topklasse and for the Curaçao national team.	Luidjino Hoyer	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Yusei Ogasawara (born April 16, 1988) is a Japanese football player who currently plays as a midfielder for Nakhon Pathom United in the Thai Division 1 League.	Yusei Ogasawara	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Abderrahim Chkilit (Arabic: عبد الرحيم شكيليط) (born 14 February 1976) is a Moroccan football defender who plays for Widad Fez.	Abderrahim Chkilit	defender
position played on team / speciality	Juraj Segarić (born 20 June 1993) is a Croatian professional basketball player, currently playing as a point guard for Široki Primorka of the Bosnian League.	Juraj Segarić	point guard
position played on team / speciality	Tamás Hajnal (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈtɒmaːʃ ˈhɒjnɒl); born 15 March 1981 in Esztergom, Hungary) is a Hungarian football midfielder currently playing for Hungarian League club Ferencváros.	Tamás Hajnal	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Thamsanqa Sangweni (born May 26, 1989 in Empangeni, KwaZulu-Natal) is a South African football (soccer) midfielder for Premier Soccer League club Chippa United on loan from Mamelodi Sundowns.	Thamsanqa Sangweni	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Chen Po-liang (simplified Chinese: 陈柏良; traditional Chinese: 陳柏良; pinyin: Chén Bǎiliáng; born August 11, 1988) is a professional Taiwanese footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Chinese Super League side Hangzhou Greentown.	Chen Po-liang	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	João Ricardo Pereira Batalha dos Santos Ferreira (born 7 January 1970 in Sá da Bandeira, Portuguese Angola), known as João Ricardo (Portuguese pronunciation: (ʒuˈɐ̃w̃ ʁiˈkaɾðu)), is an Angolan retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	João Ricardo	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Hans Malmström (9 June 1921 -- 1994) was a Swedish footballer who played as a defender.	Hans Malmström	defender
position played on team / speciality	José Díaz Pablo is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a forward, and a current manager.	José Díaz Pablo	forward
position played on team / speciality	Georges Lamia (14 March 1933 -- 10 March 2014) was a French former football goalkeeper.	Georges Lamia	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Denis Connaghan (born 9 January 1945 in Glasgow) is a Scottish former football goalkeeper, who played for Celtic, St. Mirren, Morton and Clyde.	Denis Connaghan	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Pedro Astray López (born 18 March 1992) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a central midfielder.	Pedro Astray	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Robert Van Kerkhoven (born 1 October 1924) was a Belgian international footballer who played as a midfielder.	Robert Van Kerkhoven	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Edelbert Dinha (born 13 March 1973 in Salisbury) is a former Zimbabwean football (soccer) midfielder.	Edelbert Dinha	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Maxim Noreau (born May 24, 1987) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the San Antonio Rampage of the American Hockey League (AHL) while under contract to the Colorado Avalanche of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Maxim Noreau	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Versatile Érika played as a forward for her clubs and Brazil's youth teams, but mainly as a central defender or ``volante'' (defensive midfielder) for the senior national team.	Érika	forward
position played on team / speciality	Troy Bodie (born January 25, 1985) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey winger.	Troy Bodie	winger
position played on team / speciality	Francisco Garza Gutiérrez (14 March 1904 -- 30 October 1965) was a Mexican footballer (defender).	Francisco Garza Gutiérrez	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ivan Bilyi (Ukrainian: Іван Іванович Білий; born 27 January 1988 in Truskavets, Lviv Oblast, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who last played for FC Desna Chernihiv in the Ukrainian Second League.	Ivan Bilyi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Francisco Santiago Reyes Villalba, commonly known as Francisco Reyes (July 4, 1941 -- July 31, 1976), was a Paraguayan football midfielder and central defender, who played in several top level clubs and in the Paraguayan national football team.	Francisco Santiago Reyes	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Shahrulnizam Mustapa (born 2 April 1981, in Ipoh, Perak), also known as ``Arul'', is a Malaysian footballer currently playing as a midfielder for Malaysian Super League team Felcra F.C..	Shahrulnizam Mustapa	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nicola Pavarini (born 24 February 1974 in Brescia) is a retired Italian footballer, who last played as a goalkeeper for Parma F.C. in Serie A.	Nicola Pavarini	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Nils Ola Toivonen (born 3 July 1986) is a Swedish footballer, who plays as an attacking midfielder or striker for Premier League side Sunderland, on loan from Rennes, and the Sweden national team.	Ola Toivonen	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Eric Vasquez (born November 18, 1982 in Miami, Florida) is an American soccer player, who last played as a midfielder for Miami FC.	Eric Vasquez	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ivan Ostojić (Serbian Cyrillic: Иван Остојић; born 26 June 1989) is a Serbian football defender who currently plays for Spartak Myjava.	Ivan Ostojić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Cristo Marrero Henríquez (born 10 November 1978), known simply as Cristo, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a forward.	Cristo Marrero Henríquez	forward
position played on team / speciality	Miguel Avila is a retired Colombian-American soccer forward who played professionally in the North American Soccer League and American Soccer League.	Miguel Avila	forward
position played on team / speciality	João Pedro Alves Ribeiro (born 10 June 1994 in Esgueira, Aveiro) known as Balacó, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for S.C. Beira-Mar as a midfielder.	Balacó	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Richard Arends (born 5 September 1990 in Opheusden) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.	Richard Arends	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Thomas Ravelli (pronounced (ˈtuːmas raˈvɛlːɪ); born 13 August 1959) is a retired Swedish footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Thomas Ravelli	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Syarhey Kazeka (Belarusian: Сяргей Казека; Russian: Серге́й Козека; born 17 August 1986 in Baranovichi) is a Belarusian footballer (midfielder) playing currently for Shakhtyor Soligorsk.	Syarhey Kazeka	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tomasz Zdebel (born 25 May 1973) is a retired Polish-German footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.	Tomasz Zdebel	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rubén Rayos Serna (born 21 June 1986), commonly known as Rayo, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for French club FC Sochaux-Montbéliard as an attacking midfielder.	Rubén Rayos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nassim Mendil (born 27 March 1979) is a French football player who last played as a forward for Villacidrese in the Italian Lega Pro Seconda Divisione.	Nassim Mendil	forward
position played on team / speciality	Barry Lakin (born 19 December 1973 in Dartford, Kent) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League, as a midfielder.	Barry Lakin	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gary Shelton (born March 21, 1958 in Nottingham, England) is an English former footballer who played as a midfielder.	Gary Shelton	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Albert Milambo-Mutamba, known as Mutamba Milambo (born 1 December 1984 in Mbuji-Mayi) is a Congolese football midfielder.	Mutamba Milambo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mario Ielpo (born June 8, 1963 in Rome) is an Italian former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Mario Ielpo	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Cyril Hodges (died September 1979) was an English professional footballer who played as a forward.	Cyril Hodges	forward
position played on team / speciality	Tommy Dixon (8 June 1929 -- 6 February 2014) was an English footballer who played as a centre forward.	Tommy Dixon	forward
position played on team / speciality	Hakan Çalhanoğlu (Turkish pronunciation: (ˈhaːkan ˈt͡ʃaɫhanoːɫu), born 8 February 1994) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for German club Bayer Leverkusen and the Turkey national team.	Hakan Çalhanoğlu	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Letladi Madubanya (born 13 February 1984 in Alexandra, Gauteng) is a South African football (soccer) defensive midfielder for AmaZulu.	Letladi Madubanya	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Antonio Nocerino (Italian pronunciation: (anˈtɔːnjo notʃeˈriːno); born 9 April 1985) is an Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Serie A club Milan.	Antonio Nocerino	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tero Leinonen (born 9 March 1975 in Mikkeli, Finland) is an ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing with the Iserlohn Roosters in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga.	Tero Leinonen	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Kelvin Onosiughe (born 2 May 1992 Lagos, Nigeria) is a Nigerian-born naturalized Equatoguinean football Central midfielder, who plays for KF Turbina Cërrik in the Albanian First Division football club is located in Cërrik in Albania	Kelvin Onosiughe	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Will Bowley (born 5 March 1984 in Kettering, Northamptonshire) is an English rugby union player He plays as a lock The Kettering-born lock has represented England at Under-18, U19 and U21 level.	Will Bowley	lock
position played on team / speciality	Luca Nizzetto (born 8 March 1986 in Verona) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Serie B side Modena.	Luca Nizzetto	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kim Jung-moo (Korean: 김정무) born June 3, 1986 in Seoul) was a Korean ice hockey goaltender.	Kim Jung-moo	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Mohamed Khalaf is an Egyptian footballer defender.	Mohamed Khalaf	defender
position played on team / speciality	Albert Freeman (21 October 1899 -- unknown) was an English professional association footballer who played as an inside forward.	Albert Freeman	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	Jordan Robinson is an English football defender who plays for Darlington 1883.	Jordan Robinson	defender
position played on team / speciality	Chelsea Buckland (born January 20, 1990) is a Canadian former soccer forward who played for the Oregon State Beavers and the Canadian women's national team.	Chelsea Buckland	forward
position played on team / speciality	Álex Rodrigo da Rosa Comelles (born June 1, 1976 in Santiago, Brasil), best known as Álex da Rosa, is a naturalized Bolivian football midfielder, who plays for Bolivar in the Bolivian First Division.	Álex da Rosa	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Éber Luís Cucchi, (born September 20, 1981 in Caxias do Sul), is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for EC Pelotas in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série D where he plays as a forward.	Éber Luís Cucchi	forward
position played on team / speciality	Miguel Angel Lavié da Cunda better known simply as Miguel Lavié (born 15 April 1986) is an Uruguayan professional football defender playing for Heredia Jaguares de Peten in the Liga Nacional de Fútbol de Guatemala.	Miguel Angel Lavié da Cunda	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mark Szücs (born November 4, 1976 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian-born Austrian ice hockey left winger currently playing for EHC Black Wings Linz of the Austrian Hockey League.	Mark Szücs	winger
position played on team / speciality	Demetris Daskalakis (Greek: Δημήτρης Δασκαλάκης) (born November 18, 1977 in Greece) is a Greek-Cypriot football defender who last played for Ergotelis.	Demetris Daskalakis	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alibek Buleshev (Kazakh: Әлібек Бөлешев) is a Kazakhstani football forward born on 9 April 1981 who plays for FC Okzhetpes.	Alibek Buleshev	forward
position played on team / speciality	Kristiyan Hristiyanov (Bulgarian: Кристиян Християнов) (born 11 September 1978) is a Bulgarian footballer currently (as of July 2010) playing for Nesebar as a forward.	Kristiyan Hristiyanov	forward
position played on team / speciality	Valeriy Luchkevych (Ukrainian: Валерій Ігорович Лучкевич; born 11 January 1996 in Zaporizhya, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian football midfielder for Ukrainian Premier League club Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk.	Valeriy Luchkevych	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Pavel Kováč (born 12 August 1974) is a Slovak goalkeeper who currently plays for Slovak club FC ViOn Zlaté Moravce.	Pavel Kováč	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Guido Moda (11 July 1885 -- 5 November 1957) was an Italian professional footballer, who played as a defender, and football manager.	Guido Moda	defender
position played on team / speciality	Adam Whitelock (born 17 April 1987) is a New Zealand rugby union player who plays as a midfield back or wing for the Crusaders in Super Rugby and Canterbury in the ITM Cup.	Adam Whitelock	wing
position played on team / speciality	Paulo Marcos de Jesus Ribeiro (born 25 February 1986), known as Paulão, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Internacional as a centre-back.	Paulo Marcos de Jesus Ribeiro	centre-back
position played on team / speciality	Marian Zeciu (born on 25 February 1977 in Bucharest, Romania) is a retired Armenian footballer of Romanian background, who played as a defender.	Marian Zeciu	defender
position played on team / speciality	Tony Wingate (born 21 March 1955) is an English former footballer who played as a midfielder in the Football League for Colchester United.	Tony Wingate	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lucia Ondrušová is a Slovakian football midfielder, currently playing for FC Neunkirch in the Nationalliga A. Previously she played 5 years in the Czech First Division for Sparta Prague, where was very popular among fans.	Lucia Ondrušová	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Detelin Cheneshkov (Bulgarian: Детелин Ченешков) (born 7 August 1984) is a Bulgarian football player, who currently plays for Botev Kozloduy as a midfielder.	Detelin Cheneshkov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sebastian Giovinco (Italian pronunciation: (seˈbastjan dʒoˈviŋko); born 26 January 1987) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Canadian club Toronto FC of Major League Soccer (MLS), and the Italian national team as a forward.	Sebastian Giovinco	forward
position played on team / speciality	Shaun Garnett (born 22 November 1969, Wallasey, Cheshire) is a former English professional footballer who played as a defender.	Shaun Garnett	defender
position played on team / speciality	Björn Vlasbom (born 28 January 1990 in Dordrecht) is a former Dutch professional footballer who played as a midfielder.	Björn Vlasbom	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Daniel Colindres Solera (born January 10, 1985) is a Costa Rican professional forward currently playing for Saprissa.	Daniel Colindres	forward
position played on team / speciality	Matteo Chinellato (born 2 September 1991) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a forward who plays for Italian Lega Pro club Cuneo, on loan from A.C. Milan.	Matteo Chinellato	forward
position played on team / speciality	Mick Buckley (4 November 1953 -- 7 October 2013) was an English footballer who played for Everton, Sunderland, Hartlepool United, Carlisle United and Middlesbrough as a midfielder.	Mick Buckley	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Clayton Daniels, previously Clayton Jagers, (born July 10, 1984 in Cape Town, Western Cape) is a South African footballer who plays for Premier Soccer League club Supersport United as a defender.	Clayton Daniels	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alexandros Tziolis (Greek: Αλέξανδρος Τζιόλης; born 13 February 1985) is a Greek professional footballer who plays for PAOK FC and the Greek national team as a defensive midfielder.	Alexandros Tziolis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Brandon Fernandes (born 20 September 1994) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a attacking midfielder for Mohun Bagan on loan from Mumbai City in the I-League.	Brandon Fernandes	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Pierre Bouby (born 17 October 1983) is a French professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Orléans, on loan from Auxerre.	Pierre Bouby	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ilias Kotsios (Greek: Ηλίας Κώτσιος; born 25 April 1977 in Larissa) is a Greek footballer who plays as defender for Levadiakos in the Superleague Greece.	Ilias Kotsios	defender
position played on team / speciality	Bob Rigby (born July 3, 1951 in Ridley Park, Pennsylvania) is a retired U.S. soccer goalkeeper.	Bob Rigby	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Walace Souza Silva (born 4 April 1995), or simply Walace, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Grêmio.	Walace	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ihor Skoba (Ukrainian: Ігор Олегович Скоба; born 21 May 1982, in Dzhankoy, in the Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who currently plays for Ukrainian Second League club Arsenal Kyiv.	Ihor Skoba	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Frane Poparić (born January 4, 1959 in Sinj, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Croatian former football defender who played for several Croatian and foreign football clubs.	Frane Poparić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alyaksey Khaletski (Belarusian: Аляксей Халецкі; Russian: Алексей Халецкий; born 19 June 1984 in Minsk) is a Belarusian footballer (defender) playing currently for Gorodeya.	Alyaksey Khaletski	defender
position played on team / speciality	Stewart Davidson was a Scottish professional football right-winger who played for Aberdeen and Middlesbrough.	Stewart Davidson	winger
position played on team / speciality	Mickaël Barreto (born 18 January 1991) is a French footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for Orléans.	Mickaël Barreto	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Martin Ďurica (born 11 July 1981 in Žilina) is a Slovakian football midfielder currently playing for FK Senica, who has represented the Slovakia national team playing in the qualifiers for Euro 2004.	Martin Ďurica	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Giovanni Morabito (born 26 January 1978 in Reggio Calabria) is a retired Italian football (soccer) defender, who last played for Licata.	Giovanni Morabito	defender
position played on team / speciality	Nepo Laulala (born 11 June 1991) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who plays as a Prop for Canterbury in the ITM Cup.	Nepo Laulala	Prop
position played on team / speciality	José Manuel Flores Moreno (born 6 March 1987), commonly known as Chico or Chico Flores, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Qatari club Lekhwiya SC as a central defender.	Chico Flores	defender
position played on team / speciality	Nguyễn Mạnh Dũng (born April 29, 1981) is a Vietnamese football goalkeeper who plays for The Vissai Ninh Bình and a member of Vietnam national football team since 2011 to 2014.	Nguyễn Mạnh Dũng	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Derrick Mercer is an American basketball player who played point guard for American University.	Derrick Mercer	point guard
position played on team / speciality	Kareem Reid (b. August 27, 1975) is a former point guard in the National Basketball Development League.	Kareem Reid	point guard
position played on team / speciality	Arthur Bartman (born 26 March 1972 in Pietermaritzburg, KwaZulu-Natal) is a retired South African football (soccer) goalkeeper who last played for Kaizer Chiefs in the Premier Soccer League.	Arthur Bartman	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Rene Moller (born 15 February 1946) is a Danish former footballer, who played as a forward for Randers Freja and Heart of Midlothian.	Rene Moller	forward
position played on team / speciality	Espen Børufsen (born 4 March 1988) is a Norwegian football midfielder who currently plays for Start, where he has played his entire professional career.	Espen Børufsen	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rafael Ramos Lozano (born 18 September 1982), known as Rafita, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Hércules CF. On the right side of the pitch, he can appear as both a defender or a midfielder.	Rafita	defender
position played on team / speciality	Osvaldo Carro (born 23 October 1973 in Colonia) is a Uruguayan football player who plays as an attacking midfielder.	Osvaldo Carro	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Andreas Dahlén (born 11 December 1982 in Gävle) is a retired Swedish footballer who played as a defender.	Andreas Dahlén	defender
position played on team / speciality	Glory Iroka (born 3 January 1990) is a Nigerian international footballer who plays as a midfielder for Nigerian Women's Championship club Rivers Angels and the Nigeria women's national football team.	Glory Iroka	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alan Tarbuck (born 10 October 1948) is an English former professional footballer who played as a winger for Everton, Crewe Alexandra, Chester, Preston North End, Shrewsbury Town, Rochdale, and Bangor City.	Alan Tarbuck	winger
position played on team / speciality	Mark Babic (born 24 April 1973) is a former Australian Association football who played as a defender.	Mark Babic	defender
position played on team / speciality	Knut Hartwig (born 13 November 1969) is retired a German football midfielder.	Knut Hartwig	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Cleve Kinley (born January 3, 1984) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman in the Norwegian GET-ligaen.	Cleve Kinley	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Isaac Donkor (born 15 August 1995) is a Ghanaian footballer who plays as a centre back for Italian club Bari on loan from Internazionale.	Isaac Donkor	centre back
position played on team / speciality	Enrique Martín Monreal Lizarraga (born 9 March 1956), known as Martín, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a forward, and the current coach of CA Osasuna.	Enrique Martín Monreal	forward
position played on team / speciality	Arjan Vermeulen (born March 19, 1969 in Culemborg, Gelderland) is a Dutch former football defender.	Arjan Vermeulen	defender
position played on team / speciality	Katie Larkin (born 19 March 1987, in Draper, Utah) is an American soccer midfielder who played for the Atlanta Beat of Women's Professional Soccer.	Katie Larkin	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Li Hon Ho (Chinese: 李瀚灝; Jyutping: lei5 hon6 hou6, born on 14 July 1986 in Hong Kong), is a Hong Kong professional football player who plays as a goalkeeper for Hong Kong First Division League side Eastern Salon.	Li Hon Ho	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Tamás Szamosi (born 27 November 1974 in Budapest, Hungary) is a Hungarian defender who playing for Szigetszentmiklósi TE.	Tamás Szamosi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Reuben Hazell (born 24 April 1979 in Birmingham, West Midlands) is an English football defender of Jamaican descent who is currently unattached, having last played for Shrewsbury Town in League One.	Reuben Hazell	defender
position played on team / speciality	Daniele Abbracciante (born 8 April 1994) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a forward for Italian third level club Ischia	Daniele Abbracciante	forward
position played on team / speciality	Nicky Johns is a retired English football goalkeeper who played both in the Football League and the North American Soccer League.	Nicky Johns	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Tomislav Piplica (born 5 April 1969) is a retired Bosnian goalkeeper before and current manager.	Tomislav Piplica	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Veton Berisha (born 13 April 1994) is a Norwegian footballer of Albanian descent who plays as a forward for Greuther Fürth.	Veton Berisha	forward
position played on team / speciality	Giovanni Bucaro (born 20 November 1970 in Palermo) is an Italian former footballer who played as a defender during the 1990s, and current coach.	Giovanni Bucaro	defender
position played on team / speciality	Nadiem Amiri (Persian: ندیم امیری‎‎, born 27 October 1996) is a German footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for 1899 Hoffenheim in the Bundesliga.	Nadiem Amiri	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ruslan Elá Eyene (born 7 November 1983), known as Elá, is an Equatoguinean retired footballer who played as a left back or a central defender.	Ruslan Elá	defender
position played on team / speciality	František Plánička (Czech pronunciation: (ˈfrancɪʃɛk ˈplaːɲɪtʃka); 2 June 1904 -- 20 July 1996) was a Czech football goalkeeper and one of the most honoured players in the history of Czechoslovakian football.	František Plánička	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Wesam Rizik (Arabic: وسام رزق‎; born on 5 February 1981) is a Qatari footballer who is a midfielder for El Jaish.	Wesam Rizik	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nurbol Zhumaskaliyev (Kazakh: Нұрбол Жұмасқалиев) is a Kazakh football attacking midfielder and forward.	Nurbol Zhumaskaliyev	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Steeve Yago (born 16 December 1992) is a French-born Burkinabé footballer who plays as a defender for Toulouse.	Steeve Yago	defender
position played on team / speciality	Peter Ankersen (born 22 September 1990) is a Danish football defender playing for Danish Superliga side F.C. Copenhagen, on loan from FC Red Bull Salzburg.	Peter Ankersen	defender
position played on team / speciality	Manuel Zúñiga Fernández (born 29 June 1960) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a right midfielder, and a current manager.	Manuel Zúñiga	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Stephan van der Walt (born 21 April 1991 in Klerksdorp, South Africa) is a rugby union player who plays as either an outside-centre or winger.	Stephan van der Walt	centre
position played on team / speciality	Murray Hood (born November 17, 1964) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey centre who played 138 games with the Hampton Roads Admirals of the East Coast Hockey League between 1989 and 1991.	Murray Hood	centre
position played on team / speciality	Irênio José Soares Filho or simply Irênio (born May 27, 1975 in Carangola), is a former Brazilian footballer who played as attacking midfielder.	Irênio José Soares Filho	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marciel Silva da Silva (born 8 March 1995) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as midfielder for Cruzeiro on loan from Corinthians.	Marciel Silva da Silva	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Thibault Tchicaya (born 17 July 1983) is a Gabon international footballer who plays as a defender who plays for Missile FC.	Thibault Tchicaya	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mehmet Çetingöz (born May 12, 1991 in Şanlıurfa, Turkey) is a Turkish wheelchair basketball player in center position.	Mehmet Çetingöz	center
position played on team / speciality	Aderito Raul Fernandes (born 15 May 1997), is a football player who currently plays as goalkeeper for Timor-Leste national football team.	Aderito Raul Fernandes	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Krzysztof Hausner (March 13, 1944 in Kraków -- January 26, 2004 in Kraków) was a Polish football right-wing forward, most notable for his performances for Cracovia Krakow.	Krzysztof Hausner	forward
position played on team / speciality	Lee Winston Leandro da Silva Oliveira, or simply Lee (born 9 March 1988 in São Paulo) is a goalkeeper who plays for Académica de Coimbra in Portugal.	Lee Winston Leandro da Silva Oliveira	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Dušan Andrić (Cyrillic: Душан Андрић, born 8 May 1948 in Nikšić, Yugoslavia) is a former Montenegrin footballer who was best known as a midfielder of Red Star Belgrade in the 1960s.	Dušan Andrić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rolando Mandragora (born 29 June 1997) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a center midfielder for Serie B club Pescara, on loan from Serie A club Juventus.	Rolando Mandragora	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Maher Atta is a retired soccer defender who played professionally in the USISL A-League and National Professional Soccer League.	Maher Atta	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ivo Passeira Nicolau (born 21 March 1983), simply known as Ivo Nicolau is a Portuguese professional footballer playing for Portimonense in Segunda Liga as a defender.	Ivo Nicolau	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mladen Kašćelan (Cyrillic: Mлaдeн Kaшћeлaн, born 13 February 1983 in Kotor) is a Montenegrin footballer who plays for FC Tosno, as midfielder.	Mladen Kašćelan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Duncan Harrigan was a footballer who played as a centre forward in the Football League for Crewe Alexandra and Chester City.	Duncan Harrigan	forward
position played on team / speciality	Norman Lees (born 18 November 1948) is an English former footballer who made 145 appearances in the Football League playing as a defender for Hull City, Hartlepool United and Darlington in the 1960s and 1970s.	Norman Lees	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marcel Cupák (born 19 December 1973) is a Czech footballer who played as a forward.	Marcel Cupák	forward
position played on team / speciality	Aender Naves Mesquita (commonly known as Naves, Chinese: 安達 ; born 12 February 1983 in Barra do Garças, Mato Grosso, Brazil), is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Hong Kong Premier League club Wofoo Tai Po, as a defensive midfielder.	Aender Naves Mesquita	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Adolfo Nef Sanhueza (born January 18, 1946) is a former Chilean football goalkeeper, who played for the Chile national team between 1969 and 1977, gaining 42 caps.	Adolfo Nef	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Sébastien Frey (born 18 March 1980 in Thonon-les-Bains) is a French former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Sébastien Frey	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Keylor Antonio Navas Gamboa (born 15 December 1986), known as Keylor Navas (American Spanish: (kei'lor 'na.βas)), is a Costa Rican professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Costa Rica national team as a goalkeeper.	Keylor Navas	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Scott Hooper (born 14 January 1995) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a defender for Queen of the South.	Scott Hooper	defender
position played on team / speciality	Orhan Aktaş (born 21 October 1994 in Würselen) is a German footballer of Turkish descent who plays as a defender for İstanbulspor in Turkey.	Orhan Aktaş	defender
position played on team / speciality	Isaac Kuoki (born May 6, 1978 in Accra) is a Ghanaian football attacking midfielder.	Isaac Kuoki	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nenad Đurović (Cyrillic: Heнaд Ђуpoвић, born 17 January 1986) is a Montenegrin football defender playing for FK Sutjeska Nikšić.	Nenad Đurović	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jordan Manihera (born 8 May 1993) is a New Zealand rugby union player who currently plays as a flanker for North Harbour in the ITM Cup and the Blues in Super Rugby.	Jordan Manihera	flanker
position played on team / speciality	Danilo Rafael dos Santos Vivaldo (born 12 January 1987 in São Paulo, Brazil), simply known as Danilo Vivaldo, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defender.	Danilo Vivaldo	defender
position played on team / speciality	Martin Lambert (born in Southampton on 24 September 1965) is an English former professional footballer who played as a forward.	Martin Lambert	forward
position played on team / speciality	Pertti Alaja (born 18 February 1952) is a Finnish former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Pertti Alaja	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Paul Wartel (26 April 1903 -- 27 April 1976) was a French football defender who, between 1926 and 1933, played for Red Star and FC Sochaux-Montbéliard and, between 1933 and 1960, managed and coached five teams.	Paul Wartel	defender
position played on team / speciality	Nino Chkuaseli (Georgian: ნინო ჩკუასელი, born September 22, 1988) is a Georgian women's football goalkeeper.	Nino Chkuaseli	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Dragan Stojkić (born October 7, 1975 in Split, Croatia) is a Bosnian football goalkeeper, currently playing for HNK Zmaj Makarska.	Dragan Stojkić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Carlos García García (born 13 August 1970) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender or a defensive midfielder.	Carlos García García	defender
position played on team / speciality	Gino Coutinho (born 5 August 1982) is a Dutch footballer, who plays as a goalkeeper for AZ in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Gino Coutinho	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Yordan Stoykov played as a defender in Lokomotiv Sofia from 1970 to 1983, as record 336 appearances for his home club.	Yordan Stoykov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Carlos Arce (born 4 February 1985 in Lanús) is an Argentine football defender.	Carlos Arce	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dominik Livaković (born 9 January 1995) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays for NK Zagreb on a loan from GNK Dinamo Zagreb as a goalkeeper.	Dominik Livaković	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Luciano Lima da Silva (born 11 March 1981), commonly known as Luciano Bebê is a Brazilian footballer, who plays as a midfielder for Omonoia in Cypriot First Division.	Luciano Bebê	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Christophe Bonvin (born 14 July 1965) is a former Swiss football (soccer) player in midfielder role.	Christophe Bonvin	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Víctor Marco Soler (born 14 June 1982 in Valencia) is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Mensajero mainly as a central defender but also as a left back.	Víctor Marco	defender
position played on team / speciality	Maksym Kalenchuk (born 9 January 1989 in Donetsk, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who currently plays for Stal Dniprodzerzhynsk in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Maksym Kalenchuk	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Stefan Durić (Serbian Cyrillic: Стефан Дуриц; born 22 May 1995) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a forward.	Stefan Durić	forward
position played on team / speciality	Sandis Valters (born 31 August 1978) is a retired professional basketball shooting guard, who last played for BK Ventspils.	Sandis Valters	shooting guard
position played on team / speciality	Carlos Renato Frederico, best known as Renato (born in Morungaba, São Paulo State, February 21, 1957) is a former association footballer in offensive midfielder role.	Carlos Renato Frederico	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dragan Starčević (Serbian Cyrillic: Драган Старчевић; born 1 July 1977) is a Serbian football goalkeeper.	Dragan Starčević	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Patrik Vajda (born 20 March 1989) is a Slovak footballer who plays as a defender for the Fortuna Liga club FO ŽP Šport Podbrezová.	Patrik Vajda	defender
position played on team / speciality	Thato Mokeke (born 1 April 1989) is a South African international footballer who plays for SuperSport United, as a central defender.	Thato Mokeke	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jordi Gómez García-Penche (born 24 May 1985) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for English club Blackburn Rovers, on loan from Sunderland.	Jordi Gómez	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Seamus McBennett is a footballer who played as a winger in the Football League for Cardiff City and Tranmere Rovers.	Seamus McBennett	winger
position played on team / speciality	Stefan Kostadinov (Bulgarian: Стефан Костадинов) (born 21 June 1984) is a Bulgarian footballer, who plays for Botev Plovdiv as a midfielder.	Stefan Kostadinov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marko Klisura (Serbian Cyrillic: Марко Клисура; born 15 October 1992) is a Serbian football defender, who plays for Bačka Bačka Palanka.	Marko Klisura	defender
position played on team / speciality	Andrzej Bednarz (born 22 December 1980 in Kraków, Poland) is a professional Polish football player for B71 Sandoy who plays as a defender.	Andrzej Bednarz	defender
position played on team / speciality	Peter Canero (born 18 January 1981) is a former Scottish footballer who played as a defender and midfielder.	Peter Canero	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alexander Juel Andersen (born January 29, 1991) is a Danish football defender, who plays for the Danish First Division club AGF Aarhus.	Alexander Juel Andersen	defender
position played on team / speciality	Trent Hunter (born June 5, 1980) is a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger, who currently an Unrestricted Free Agent.	Trent Hunter	winger
position played on team / speciality	Antonio Piergüidi (born 25 August, 1985 in Henderson, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina), is a football forward who most recently played for Quilmes in the Argentine 2nd division.	Antonio Piergüidi	forward
position played on team / speciality	Randeep Singh (born 16 November 1990 in Gurdaspur, Punjab, India) is an Indian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Salgaocar in the I-League.	Randeep Singh	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ni Yusong (simplified Chinese: 倪玉崧; traditional Chinese: 倪玉嵩; pinyin: Ní Yùsōng) is a professional Chinese footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Liaoning Whowin in the Chinese Super League.	Ni Yusong	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Grzegorz Krychowiak ((ˈɡʐɛɡɔʐ krɨˈxɔvʲak); born 29 January 1990) is a Polish professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Sevilla FC as a defensive midfielder.	Grzegorz Krychowiak	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Diego Cervero Otero (born 13 August 1983) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Real Oviedo as a centre forward.	Diego Cervero	forward
position played on team / speciality	Kevin Knight (born October 22, 1976 in Fairfax, Virginia) is an American retired professional soccer defender.	Kevin Knight	defender
position played on team / speciality	Pól Jóhannus Justinussen (born 13 January 1989) is a Faroese international footballer who plays for the Faroese team NSÍ, as a defender or winger.	Pól Jóhannus Justinussen	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mohamed Redouane Guemri (born 30 November 1956 in Oran) is an Algerian football forward who played for Algeria.	Mohamed Redouane Guemri	forward
position played on team / speciality	Luciano Bodini (born February 12, 1954 in Leno) is a retired Italian professional football player, who played in the position of goalkeeper.	Luciano Bodini	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Andriy Petrovych Oliynyk is a Ukrainian footballer playing as forward.	Andriy Petrovych Oliynyk	forward
position played on team / speciality	Durmuş Bayram (born on March 15, 1986 in Germany) is a professional football defender.	Durmuş Bayram	defender
position played on team / speciality	Roman Lutsenko (born 20 January 1985 in Hlukhiv, Sumy Oblast, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for Metalurh Zaporizhya in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Roman Lutsenko	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ryan Lamb (born 18 May 1986 in Gloucester) is a rugby union player who plays at fly-half for Worcester Warriors in the RFU Championship.	Ryan Lamb	fly-half
position played on team / speciality	Argjend Mustafa (born 30 August 1992 in Vučitrn) is a Kosovar-Albanian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for KF Laçi in the Albanian Superliga.	Argjend Mustafa	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Branislav Šušolík (born 16 October 1998) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for the club Žilina.	Branislav Šušolík	defender
position played on team / speciality	Chavdar Atanasov (Bulgarian: Чавдар Атанасов) (born 3 February 1973 in Vratsa) is a Bulgarian retired football attacking midfielder.	Chavdar Atanasov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Willie Mailey (13 June 1943 -- June 1992) was a Scottish professional football goalkeeper who played for Everton, Crewe Alexandra and Altrincham.	Willie Mailey	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Koray Günter (German pronunciation: (ˈkoːˌʀaɪ ˈɡʏntɐ), Turkish pronunciation: (koɾaj ɟyntæɾ); born 16 August 1994) is a German professional footballer of Turkish descent, who plays as a centre back for Turkish club Galatasaray.	Koray Günter	centre back
position played on team / speciality	Juan Antonio López Moreno, commonly known as Juanín (born 6 October 1958), is a Spanish former professional footballer who played as a defender.	Juan Antonio López Moreno	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jadson Viera Castro or simply Jadson (born 4 August 1981) is a Uruguayan football defender born in Brazil who currently plays for Danubio.	Jadson Viera	defender
position played on team / speciality	Vladimir Kaptiev (Bulgarian: Владимир Каптиев; born 14 July 1987 in Satovcha) is a Bulgarian football forward, who currently plays for Septemvri Simitli.	Vladimir Kaptiev	forward
position played on team / speciality	Noureddine Kacemi (Arabic: نور الدين قاسمي‎) is a Moroccan football defender.	Noureddine Kacemi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Domingos Carrilho Demétrio (29 June 1922 -- 28 July 1989), commonly known as Patalino, was a Portuguese footballer who played as a forward.	Patalino	forward
position played on team / speciality	Shamet Luta (born 26 June 1995 in Elbasan) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a forward for KF Elbasani in the Albanian First Division.	Shamet Luta	forward
position played on team / speciality	An Yong-woo (Hangul: 안용우; born 10 August 1991) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a forward for Jeonnam Dragons in the K League Classic.	An Yong-woo	forward
position played on team / speciality	Nigel de Jong (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈnɑjdʒəl də ˈjɔŋ); born 30 November 1984) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Major League Soccer club Los Angeles Galaxy and the Netherlands national team.	Nigel de Jong	midfielder
present in work	Michael Garibaldi is a lead fictional character in the universe of the science fiction television series Babylon 5, played by Jerry Doyle.	Michael Garibaldi	Babylon 5
publication date	Something Like a War is an Indian documentary by Deepa Dhanraj made in 1991.	Something Like a War	1991
publication date	Jaka Sembung (also titled The Warrior for international distribution) is a 1981 Indonesian fantasy martial arts film, based on a character of the same name on a comic book by Djair.	Jaka Sembung	1981
publication date	Manhunt in Space is a 75-minute 1954 American science fiction film, consisting of three consecutive episodes of the TV series Rocky Jones, Space Ranger, which told a continuous story.	Manhunt in Space	1954
publication date	One-Eyed Monster is a 2008 sci-fi/horror comedy film directed by Adam Fields about the cast and crew of an adult film having an encounter with a different kind of monster while filming in the Northern California mountains.	One-Eyed Monster	2008
publication date	No Joke is a Canadian documentary released in 2013.	No Joke	2013
publication date	The China Shop is a short animated Disney cartoon, it was released in 1934 in the Silly Symphonies series.	The China Shop	1934
publication date	Death Line is a 1972 British horror film, distributed as Raw Meat in the United States.	Death Line	1972
publication date	The Zen of Bennett is a 2012 American documentary film that depicts the life of jazz singer Tony Bennett.	The Zen of Bennett	2012
publication date	Itt a szabadság! is a 1991 Hungarian drama film directed by Péter Vajda.	Itt a szabadság!	1991
publication date	Jag måste kyssa dig (I must kiss you) is the fourth studio album by Swedish singer/songwriter Nanne Grönvall, released in March 2007.	Jag måste kyssa dig	2007
publication date	Meghmallar (Bengali: মেঘমল্লার, also known in English: as Raincoat) is a 2014 Bangladeshi drama film directed by Zahidur Rahim Anjan.	Meghmallar	2014
publication date	Zai Jian Wo Men De Shi Nian (Chinese: 再见我们的十年) is a 2015 Chinese romantic comedy film directed by Sun Hao.	Zai Jian Wo Men De Shi Nian	2015
publication date	A Woman in Danger (Spanish:Una mujer en peligro) is a 1936 Spanish crime film directed by José Santugini and starring Enrique del Campo, Antoñita Colomé and Alberto Romea.	A Woman in Danger	1936
publication date	In the Palace of the King is a 1923 American silent historical romantic drama film based on the novel of the same name by F. Marion Crawford.	In the Palace of the King	1923
publication date	The Great Smokey Roadblock is a 1977 comedy road film written and directed by John Leone.	The Great Smokey Roadblock	1977
publication date	The Stepford Husbands is a 1996 made-for-television thriller film inspired by the Ira Levin novel The Stepford Wives.	The Stepford Husbands	1996
publication date	Pressing Business is a 1915 American silent comedy film produced by the Vim Comedy Company featuring Oliver Hardy.	Pressing Business	1915
publication date	The Alphabet of Manliness is the debut book by American humorist and Internet personality Maddox, published in 2006.	The Alphabet of Manliness	2006
publication date	I Love Your Work is an American psychological thriller film completed in 2003 and released theatrically in 2005.	I Love Your Work	2003
publication date	Skyscraper Caper is a 1968 animated cartoon short, starring Daffy Duck and Speedy Gonzales.	Skyscraper Caper	1968
publication date	Alien Attack is a 1979 handheld video game made by Coleco using a VFD display.	Alien Attack	1979
publication date	The 80th Birthday Concert is a live album by George Russell released on the Concept label in 2005, featuring a performance by Russell with his Living Time Orchestra recorded in 2003.	The 80th Birthday Concert	2005
publication date	Justin Bieber's Believe is a 2013 American biographical concert film and the sequel to Never Say Never, both centering on Canadian singer Justin Bieber.	Justin Bieber's Believe	2013
publication date	Prison Nurse is a 1938 American drama film directed by James Cruze and written by Earl Felton and Sidney Salkow.	Prison Nurse	1938
publication date	A Brief Vacation (Italian: Una breve vacanza) is a 1973 Italian melodrama directed by Vittorio de Sica.	A Brief Vacation	1973
publication date	Meet Sexton Blake is a 1945 British drama film directed by John Harlow and starring David Farrar, Manning Whiley, Dennis Arundell and John Varley.	Meet Sexton Blake	1945
publication date	Hollywood Don't Surf! is a 2011 documentary film that premiered in the 2010 Cannes Film Festival while a work in progress and held its North American premiere at the 2011 Telluride Film Festival, where it was presented to a packed park at the Abel Gance Outdoor theater by actress Daryl Hannah.	Hollywood Don't Surf!	2011
publication date	Cheburashka Goes to School (Russian: Чебурашка идёт в школу, Cheburashka Idet v Shkolu) is a 1983 Soviet animated film directed by Roman Kachanov.	Cheburashka Goes to School	1983
publication date	The essay was later collected in a compilation entitled Decline of the English Murder and Other Essays, published by London's Penguin Group in 1965.	Decline of the English Murder	1965
publication date	Thayavva is a 1997 Kannada film directed by V. Umakanth featuring Charan Raj, Sudeep, Umashree and Sindhu in the lead roles.	Thayavva	1997
publication date	Art of the Devil 2 (Thai: ลองของ or Long khong) is a 2005 Thai horror film directed by Kongkiat Khomsiri, Art Thamthrakul, Yosapong Polsap, Putipong Saisikaew, Isara Nadee, Pasith Buranajan and Seree Pongniti (known collectively as the ``Ronin Team'').	Art of the Devil 2	2005
publication date	Baava Baamaida is a 2001 Indian Kannada language romantic comedy film starring Shivarajkumar and Rambha in the lead roles.	Baava Baamaida	2001
publication date	Dil Farosh also called Merchant Of Hearts, is a 1927 Indian cinema's silent film directed by M. Udvadia.	Dil Farosh	1927
publication date	Scenen är vår is a studio album by Bengt Hennings, released in May 2012.	Scenen är vår	May 2012
publication date	Breathe Out, Breathe In is the fifth studio album by English rock band The Zombies, released on 9 May 2011.	Breathe Out, Breathe In	9 May 2011
publication date	Escort for Hire is a low budget 1960 thriller film.	Escort for Hire	1960
publication date	The Devil with Hitler is a 1942 comedy short propaganda film that was one of Hal Roach's Streamliners.	The Devil with Hitler	1942
publication date	Mariem Hassan, la voz del Sáhara (Mariem Hassan: the Voice of the Sahara) is a 2007 documentary film directed by Manuel Domínguez.	Mariem Hassan, la voz del Sáhara	2007
publication date	La Leggenda di Wally is a 1930 Italian film, directed by Gian Orlando Vassallo.It stars Piero Pastore.	La Leggenda di Wally	1930
publication date	Deadmeat is a 2007 British urban crime drama thriller film written, directed, produced by, and starring Q. The film is about a man who has just been released from prison and sets out to exact violent revenge against the gang who murdered his brother.	Deadmeat	2007
publication date	Od zítřka nečaruji is a 1978 Czechoslovak film directed by Jindřich Polák.	Od zítřka nečaruji	1978
publication date	The Country Beyond is a 1936 American drama film directed by Eugene Forde and written by Adele Comandini and Lamar Trotti.	The Country Beyond	1936
publication date	Avalude Katha is a 1987 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Jayadevanand produced by Purushan Alappuzha.	Avalude Katha	1987
publication date	The Desk is a short comedy/horror/sci-fi film that premiered at the Toronto Comedy Short Film Festival in 2010, where it won the Audience Choice award.	The Desk	2010
publication date	Pudhea Paadhai (English: New way/direction); often spelled as Pudhiya Paadhai) is a 1989 Tamil film written and directed by R. Parthiban.	Pudhea Paadhai	1989
publication date	Trimurtulu (Telugu: త్రిమూర్తులు) is a 1987 Tollywood film directed by K. Murali Mohan Rao Rao and produced by T. Subbarami Reddy on Maheswari Parameswari Productions.	Trimurtulu	1987
publication date	Ashoka Chakravarthy is a 1989 Telugu, Action film produced by Smt.	Ashoka Chakravarthy	1989
publication date	The Last Target is a 1972 British thriller film starring Michael Redgrave.	The Last Target	1972
publication date	Baa Nalle Madhuchandrake (Kannada: ಬಾ ನಲ್ಲೆ ಮಧುಚಂದ್ರಕೆ) is a 1993 Indian Kannada-language romantic thriller film starring K. Shivaram and Nandini Singh in the lead roles.	Baa Nalle Madhuchandrake	1993
publication date	Live at San Quentin is a 1990 live album by blues guitarist B. B. King performed at San Quentin State Prison in Marin County, California.	Live at San Quentin	1990
publication date	A Heartbeat Away is a 2011 Australian musical comedy film about a marching band in a small town.	A Heartbeat Away	2011
publication date	Ambara (Kannada: ಅಂಬರ) is a 2013 Indian Kannada language romance film written and directed by Sen Prakash.	Ambara	2013
publication date	The Adventures of Tom Thumb and Thumbelina is a 2002 direct-to-video animated film directed by Glenn Chaika.	The Adventures of Tom Thumb and Thumbelina	2002
publication date	Round Eyes in the Middle Kingdom is a 1995 documentary directed by Ronald Levaco, an American filmmaker who journeyed back to China, the nation of his boyhood days, to discover what became of an old friend of his family, Israel Epstein.	Round Eyes in the Middle Kingdom	1995
publication date	Allah Made Me Funny - Official Muslim Comedy Show - Live HMV Apollo is a 2009 American concert film.	Allah Made Me Funny - Official Muslim Comedy Show - Live HMV Apollo	2009
publication date	Jeon Woo-chi (Hangul: 전우치; also known as Woochi, Jeon Woo-chi: The Taoist Wizard or Woochi: The Demon Slayer) is a 2009 South Korean fantasy action film written and directed by Choi Dong-hoon who departs from his popular heist films Tazza:	Jeon Woo-chi: The Taoist Wizard	2009
publication date	The Cockeyed Miracle is a 1946 fantasy film about a ghost who, with the help of his father (also a ghost), stops his best friend from leaving his family penniless.	The Cockeyed Miracle	1946
publication date	Dad's Week Off is an American television film that premiered on Showtime on March 29, 1997.	Dad's Week Off	1997
publication date	The Hoaxters is a 1952 American documentary film written by Herman Hoffman, about the threat posed by communism to the American way of life.	The Hoaxters	1952
publication date	Killer Nerd is a 1991 comedy horror film.	Killer Nerd	1991
publication date	Midsommer (2003) is a Danish film directed by Carsten Myllerup.	Midsommer	2003
publication date	Hannele Chiguridaga (Kannada: ಹಣ್ಣೆಲೆ ಚಿಗುರಿದಾಗ) is a 1968 Kannada film directed by M. R. Vittal and produced by Srikanth Enterprises.	Hannele Chiguridaga	1968
publication date	Margarit and Margarita (Bulgarian: Маргарит и Маргарита) is a 1989 Bulgarian drama film directed by Nikolai Volev.	Margarit and Margarita	1989
publication date	The Body Stealers, also known as Thin Air, is a 1969 British science fiction film directed by Gerry Levy, about the disappearance of British armed forces paratroopers in mid-air whilst on a routine jump.	The Body Stealers	1969
publication date	Monk Dawson is a film that was released in 1998, directed and produced by Tom Waller and starring John Michie, Benedict Taylor, Martin Kemp, Rhona Mitra and Paula Hamilton.	Monk Dawson	1998
publication date	California Winter is an American drama film 2012.	California Winter	2012
publication date	Rebelové (international title: Rebels) is a 2001 Czech musical film.	Rebelové	2001
publication date	Tes Cheveux Noirs Ihsan is a 2005 short 35mm film made in Northern Morocco with non-professional actors.	Tes Cheveux Noirs Ihsan	2005
publication date	Model Ball (oder: Girls Team; The Girls of Summer) is a 2008 English television comedy sport film about a team of softball.	Model Ball	2008
publication date	The White Planet or in French, La Planète Blanche, is a 2006 documentary about the wildlife of the Arctic.	The White Planet	2006
publication date	Papapapá is a 1995 documentary by Alex Rivera about immigration.	Papapapá	1995
publication date	Fighter's Paradise is a 1924 American film starring Snowy Baker as a man mistaken for a boxer.	Fighter's Paradise	1924
publication date	Fingers That Kill, also The Fist That Kills and Ninja Fist Of Fire or Tie zhi tang shou, is a 1972 Taiwanese and Hong Kong film directed by Hui Kwok.	Fingers That Kill	1972
publication date	Kalaavati (Kannada: ಕಲಾವತಿ) is a 1964 Indian Kannada film, directed by T. V. Singh Takur and produced by T. Dwarakanath and A. Vasudeva Rao.	Kalaavati	1964
publication date	Broken Allegiance is a fan film that made its debut on the internet in April 2002, created by Australian fans of the Star Wars franchise.	Broken Allegiance	April 2002
publication date	Mindwalk is a 1990 feature film directed by Bernt Amadeus Capra, based on his own short story, based in turn on the book The Turning Point by his brother Fritjof Capra, the author of the book The Tao of Physics.	Mindwalk	1990
publication date	Jurassic Park III is a 2001 American adventure science fiction film.	Jurassic Park III	2001
publication date	Rome Adventure, also known as Lovers Must Learn, is a 1962 romantic drama film, based on the 1932 novel Lovers Must Learn by Irving Fineman.	Rome Adventure	1962
publication date	The Zany Adventures of Robin Hood (1984) is a parody film of the story of Robin Hood.	The Zany Adventures of Robin Hood	1984
publication date	The Hostages is a 1975 British adventure film directed by David Eady and starring Stephen Garlick, Jayne Collins, Peter Marshall, Julian Holloway and Robin Askwith.	The Hostages	1975
publication date	A Canção da Primavera is a 1923 Brazilian silent romantic drama film directed by Igino Bonfioli and Cyprien Segur.	A Canção da Primavera	1923
publication date	I Am Somebody (Chinese: 我是路人甲) is a 2015 drama film written and directed by Derek Yee about extras working at the Hengdian World Studios.	I Am Somebody	2015
publication date	OK Baytong (Thai: โอเค เบตง) is a 2003 Thai drama film about Buddhist-Muslim relations in southern Thailand.	OK Baytong	2003
publication date	Haji Agha, the Cinema Actor (in Persian: حاجی آقا آکتور سینما; transliterated as Haji Agha Aktor-e Cinema) is a 1933 Iranian comedy film directed by Iranian-Armenian director, Ovannes Oganians and one of a few remaining Iranian silent films.	Haji Agha, the Cinema Actor	1933
publication date	Lightning in the South (Spanish:El rayo del sur) is a 1943 Mexican film.	Lightning in the South	1943
publication date	Two Weeks with Love is a 1950 romantic musical film made by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.	Two Weeks with Love	1950
publication date	Iran Zendan was first screened in Babylon theatres in Berlin, Germany on May 9, 2010.	Iran Zendan	2010
publication date	Balada para un mochilero is a 1971 Argentine musical film comedy directed by Carlos Rinaldi and written by Norberto Aroldi.	Balada para un mochilero	1971
publication date	Happy Birthday, Marsha! is currently in post-production, scheduled to be released in 2016.	Happy Birthday, Marsha!	2016
publication date	Food for Fighters is a 1943 propaganda short about nutrition in the Armed Services produced by the Office of War Information.	Food for Fighters	1943
publication date	Me Shivajiraje Bhosale Boltoy (English: ``This is Shivajiraje Bhonsle speaking'') is a Marathi film released in 2009.	Me Shivajiraje Bhosale Boltoy	2009
publication date	Beauty and Rust is a live album by Lou Reed released in 1992.	Beauty and Rust	1992
publication date	Of Two Minds is a Lifetime original movie that was written by Oscar nominated Richard Friedenberg and released on March 10, 2012.	Of Two Minds	2012
publication date	August Club, also called August Club Since 1969, is a 2013 Malayalam romantic drama film directed by K. B. Venu.	August Club	2013
publication date	The Way to the Stars is a 1945 British war drama film made by Two Cities Films.	The Way to the Stars	1945
publication date	The Compukit UK101 microcomputer (1979) was a kit clone of the Ohio Scientific Superboard II single-board computer, with a few enhancements for the UK market - notably replacing the 24×24 (add guardband kit to give 32×32) screen display with a more useful 48×16 layout working at UK video frequencies.	Compukit UK101	1979
publication date	Rocket Ride is the seventh full-length album by German power metal band Edguy, released on 20 January 2006.	Rocket Ride	20 January 2006
publication date	A Princess of Landover was published in hardcover in the United States on August 18, 2009 It was published in hardcover in the United Kingdom on September 3, 2009.	A Princess of Landover	2009
publication date	The Oriental Nightfish is a 1978 animated film directed by Ian Emes which accompanies the Linda McCartney composition ``The Oriental Nightfish''.	The Oriental Nightfish	1978
publication date	Adarawanthayo is a 1968 black & white Sri Lankan drama film directed by Amarnath Jayatilaka.	Adarawanthayo	1968
publication date	Nalayak (English: Unworthy) is a 1978 Bollywood Action film, produced by Jagdish Sharma on Veena Films banner and directed by Padmanabh.	Nalayak	1978
publication date	Mercilessly Betrayed is a 2006 pornographic horror film written and directed by A. Simona, and co-written by Jimmy Tourette and Mike.	Mercilessly Betrayed	2006
publication date	Owzat is a 1997 CGI short film created by Aardman Animations.	Owzat	1997
publication date	M&M's Break' Em is a puzzle game for the Nintendo DS released in 2007 by Destination Software, Inc. (DSI).	M&M's Break' Em	2007
publication date	Vance and Pepe's Porn Start is a comedic mockumentary which had its debut at the Out On Screen Vancouver Queer Film Festival in August 2011.	Vance and Pepe's Porn Start	2011
publication date	Lesbian Vampire Killers is a 2009 British comedy horror film written by Stewart Williams and Paul Hupfield, produced by Steve Clark-Hall and directed by Phil Claydon.	Lesbian Vampire Killers	2009
publication date	Girls' Hostel is a 1962 Hindi film starring Nalini Jaywant and Johnny Walker in lead.	Girls' Hostel	1962
publication date	Queen of Temple Street (廟街皇后) is a 1990 Hong Kong film directed by Lawrence Ah Mon. It has a Category III rating in Hong Kong.	Queen of Temple Street	1990
publication date	A Winner Never Quits is a 1986 TV movie based on the true story of baseball player Pete Gray, the first one-armed man ever to play major league baseball, hired in 1943 as a ``freak attraction'' and wartime morale-booster by the Memphis Chicks, Class-A minor league ball club.	A Winner Never Quits	1986
publication date	``Just a Song Before I Go'' is a song from Crosby, Stills and Nash that appeared on the 1977 album CSN.	Just a Song Before I Go	1977
publication date	Whiteforce is a 1988 Australian-Philippines film about an undercover agent accused of murdering his partner.	Whiteforce	1988
publication date	Wrong Cops is a 2013 French-American independent comedy film written and directed by Quentin Dupieux.	Wrong Cops	2013
publication date	Men Like These is a 1931 British drama film directed by Walter Summers and starring John Batten, Sydney Seaward, Syd Crossley, James Enstone and Lesley Wareing.	Men Like These	1931
publication date	Age 13 is an educational film by Sid Davis released in 1955.	Age 13	1955
publication date	Singles and Selected was released on 7 November 2012, and is a Miss Li compilation album.	Singles and Selected	7 November 2012
publication date	Kan man gifta sig i jeans?, written by Lasse Holm and Ingela Forsman, is a song recorded by Lotta Engberg on the 1988 studio album 100%.	Kan man gifta sig i jeans?	1988
publication date	Preminchu (translation: Do Love) is a 2001 Telugu drama film directed by Boyina Subba Rao and produced by D. Rama Naidu.	Preminchu	2001
publication date	Amsterdamned is a 1988 Dutch horror movie about a serial killer who hides in the canal system of Amsterdam.	Amsterdamned	1988
publication date	The Boys of Buchenwald is a 2002 documentary film produced by Paperny Films that examines how the child survivors of the Buchenwald concentration camp had to assimilate themselves back into normal society after having experienced the brutality of the Holocaust.	The Boys of Buchenwald	2002
publication date	Jane's House is a 1994 drama television film starring James Woods, Anne Archer and Melissa Lahlitah Crider.	Jane's House	1994
publication date	Thattungal Thirakkappadum is a full length Tamil black and white thriller movie released in year 1966.	Thattungal Thirakkappadum	1966
publication date	American Mullet (also known as The Mullet Chronicles) is a 2001 documentary film directed by Jennifer Arnold.	American Mullet	2001
publication date	Man from Cocody (French: Le gentleman de Cocody) is a French adventure film from 1965 set in Cocody, Ivory Coast.	Man from Cocody	1965
publication date	4D Man (UK title: The Evil Force; reissued in the US as Master of Terror) is a 1959 American science fiction independent film, produced by Jack H. Harris from his own original screenplay and directed by Irvin S. Yeaworth Jr.	4D Man	1959
publication date	Safeguarding Military Information was a short propaganda film produced by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences in 1942.	Safeguarding Military Information	1942
publication date	Sniper 2 is an American film shot in Hungary in November 2002 and released in early 2003.	Sniper 2	2002
publication date	Yours and Mine (Chinese: 我的神经病, Wo de shen jing bing) is a 1997 Taiwanese comedy film directed by Shaudi Wang.	Yours and Mine	1997
publication date	A Journey of Samyak Buddha (Hindi:अ जर्नी आफ सम्यक बुद्ध ) is a 2013 Indian film about the journey of Gautam Buddha's miraculous birth, marriage, and his path towards enlightenment.	A Journey of Samyak Buddha	2013
publication date	Flesh Gordon is an independently made 1974 American science fiction in Metrocolor adventure comedy film, an erotic spoof of Universal Pictures' first (of three) Flash Gordon serials from the 1930s.	Flesh Gordon	1974
publication date	The Beach of Lost Children (French: La Plage des enfants perdus) is a 1991 Moroccan-French drama film written and directed by Jilali Ferhati.	The Beach of Lost Children	1991
publication date	Barfotavisan is a summertime song written by Mats Paulson, and recorded by him on the 1974 album Barfota.	Barfotavisan	1974
publication date	How to Win at Checkers (Every Time) (Thai title: พี่ชาย My Hero) is a 2015 internationally co-produced drama film directed by Josh Kim.	How to Win at Checkers (Every Time)	2015
publication date	A Year Without Love (Spanish: Un año sin amor) is a 2005 Argentine drama film directed by Anahi Berneri, and written by Berneri and Pablo Pérez, adapting Pérez's autobiographical novel of the same title.	A Year Without Love	2005
publication date	C.C. and Company is a movie that was released in 1970.	C.C. and Company	1970
publication date	Many film historians have accepted that La Fée aux Choux was made in April 1896, just a month or two before Méliès made his first fiction film.	La Fée aux Choux	1896
publication date	Red Princesses (Spanish: Princesas rojas) is a 2013 Costa Rican drama film directed by Laura Astorga.	Red Princesses	2013
publication date	Beverly Hills Family Robinson is a 1997 American Walt Disney television film based on the novel Swiss Family Robinson by Johann David Wyss.	Beverly Hills Family Robinson	1997
publication date	Shep the Sentinel is a 1915 American short silent drama film, directed by Jack Harvey for the Thanhouser Company.	Shep the Sentinel	1915
publication date	Sathi Shakthi (Kannada: ಸತಿಶಕ್ತಿ) is a 1963 Indian Kannada film, directed by Kanagal Prabhakar Shastry and produced by Kanagal Prabhakar Shastry.	Sathi Shakthi	1963
publication date	Pola's March won a Crystal Heart Award at the Heartland Film Festival in 1998.	Pola's March	1998
publication date	On the Waters is the second album by Bread, released in July 1970.	On the Waters	1970
publication date	Mere Dost Picture Abhi Baki Hai (English translation: My Friend The Film Isn't Over Yet), earlier known as Amar Joshi Shahid Ho Gaya, is an 2012 Bollywood comedy film directed by Rajnish Thakur and produced by Narendra Singh.	Mere Dost Picture Abhi Baki Hai	2012
publication date	Danger Within is a 1959 British war film set in a prisoner of war camp in Northern Italy during the summer of 1943.	Danger Within	1959
publication date	A Minute to Pray, a Second to Die (Italian: ''Un minuto per pregare, un instante per morire'', also known as Dead or Alive - The Prodigal Gun, Escondido and Outlaw Gun) is a 1968 Italian spaghetti western.	A Minute to Pray, a Second to Die	1968
publication date	Klondike Fever is a 1980 Canadian adventure film, based on the writings of Jack London.	Klondike Fever	1980
publication date	Jaane Hoga Kya is a 2006 Bollywood Sci-fi Thriller directed by Glen Barretto & Ankush Mohla.	Jaane Hoga Kya	2006
publication date	Toote Khilone is a 1978 Bollywood film produced by Prem Sawhney and Mahendra Shah.	Toote Khilone	1978
publication date	A Man Called Magnum (in original Italian Napoli si ribella) is a 1977 poliziotteschi film.	A Man Called Magnum	1977
publication date	The Ballad of Andy Crocker is a 1969 American made-for-television film produced by Thomas/Spelling Productions, which was first broadcast by ABC.	The Ballad of Andy Crocker	1969
publication date	Song of a Jewish Cowboy is a 2002 documentary about Scott Gerber, a rancher and musician from Sonoma County, California, who sings cowboy music and Yiddish folk songs.	Song of a Jewish Cowboy	2002
publication date	Super-Rabbit is a 1943 Warner Bros. cartoon starring Bugs Bunny who is parodying the popular comic book character Superman.	Super-Rabbit	1943
publication date	The Ascension Factor (1988) is the fourth and final science fiction novel set in the Destination:	The Ascension Factor	1988
publication date	The Prince of Thieves is a 1948 film nominally inspired by Alexandre Dumas' 1872 novel Le Prince des voleurs.	The Prince of Thieves	1948
publication date	5 Girls is a documentary released in 2001 by Kartemquin Films for PBS's P.O.V. series.	5 Girls	2001
publication date	Firewing was first released in Canada in April 2002.	Firewing	2002
publication date	Death Is My Profession (Persian: Marg kasb va kare man ast‎) is a 2011 Iranian drama film directed by Amir Hossein Saghafi.	Death Is My Profession	2011
publication date	Harvest of Fire is an American television movie that aired on CBS on April 21, 1996.	Harvest of Fire	1996
publication date	Akuma to Freud -Devil and Freud- Climax Together is a live concert DVD by Buck-Tick, released on December 22, 2004.	Akuma to Freud -Devil and Freud- Climax Together	2004
publication date	One Who Came Back is a 1951 American short documentary film produced by Owen Crump and the National Organization of Disabled American Veterans, about an American soldier wounded in the Korean War, rescued from behind enemy lines and transported back to the United States.	One Who Came Back	1951
publication date	Return of Hanuman (previously Hanuman Returns) is a 2007 Indian animated film about an adventure of the Hindu god Hanuman.	Return of Hanuman	2007
publication date	Pagale Vennela is an 2007 Telugu movie that is directed by C.V.Reddi.	Pagale Vennela	2007
publication date	Drop Squad (sometimes spelled as DROP Squad or D.R.O.P. Squad) is an American film released in 1994.	Drop Squad	1994
publication date	The Clue of the Missing Ape, aka Gibraltar Adventure, is a 1953 English children's film largely set in Gibraltar.	The Clue of the Missing Ape	1953
publication date	Daughter 2 (Thai: เสียดาย 2, Sia dai 2) is a 1996 Thai drama film directed by Chatrichalerm Yukol.	Daughter 2	1996
publication date	The Great Mom Swap is an Academy Award winning 1995 film released direct-to-video by Hallmark Entertainment.	The Great Mom Swap	1995
publication date	Nanna Thamma (Kannada: ನನ್ನ ತಮ್ಮ) is a 1970 Indian Kannada film, directed by K. Babu Rao and produced by K V Guptha.	Nanna Thamma	1970
publication date	Love, Sex and Eating the Bones is a 2003 Canadian romantic comedy film directed and screenwriter	Love, Sex and Eating the Bones	2003
publication date	Brumby Innes is a 1973 TV film based on the play by Katharine Susannah Prichard.	Brumby Innes	1973
publication date	Kondaveeti Simham is a 1981 Telugu action drama film, directed by K. Raghavendra Rao and produced by M. Arjuna Raju, K. Sivarama Raju and Nirvahana Kumarji.	Kondaveeti Simham	1981
publication date	The Tiger Next Door is a feature length 2009 documentary film directed and produced by Camilla Calamandrei.	The Tiger Next Door	2009
publication date	Carry On Girls is the 25th in the series of Carry On films to be made, released in Britain in 1973.	Carry On Girls	1973
publication date	The Great Macarthy is a 1975 comedy about Australian rules football.	The Great Macarthy	1975
publication date	Murder by Natural Causes is a 1979 American television mystery film written by the creators of Columbo, Richard Levinson and William Link.	Murder by Natural Causes	1979
publication date	Betty Boop and Little Jimmy is a 1936 Fleischer Studio animated short film, starring Betty Boop and featuring newspaper comic strip character Little Jimmy.	Betty Boop and Little Jimmy	1936
publication date	The Cookery Book of Lady Clark of Tillypronie is a book of recipes collected over a lifetime by Charlotte, Lady Clark of Tillypronie, Scotland, and published posthumously in 1909.	The Cookery Book of Lady Clark of Tillypronie	1909
publication date	Official Halloween Parody is a 2011 pornographic horror film written and directed by Gary Dean Orona.	Official Halloween Parody	2011
publication date	A Death in the Small Hours was first published in hardcover by St. Martin's Minotaur and released November 2012.	A Death in the Small Hours	November 2012
publication date	Kullanari Koottam (Tamil: குள்ளநரி கூட்டம்; English: Crowd of Foxes) is a 2011 Indian Tamil-language romantic comedy film written and directed by Sribalaji and produced by V. Ashish Jain.	Kullanari Koottam	2011
publication date	The Romantic President (Hangul: 피아노 치는 대통령, lit. The President who Plays the Piano) is a 2002 South Korean film.	The Romantic President	2002
publication date	Mrs. Parkington is a 1944 drama film.	Mrs. Parkington	1944
publication date	S.I.N. Theory (abbreviation for Social Insurance Number Theory) is a 2012 Canadian science fiction drama film about a mathematics professor creating an algorithm capable of predicting an individual's future.	S.I.N. Theory	2012
publication date	Dance of Ganesha, also known as Naach Ganesh is a 2011, Indian short film directed by Bikas Ranjan Mishra, and produced by Pankaj Dubey.	Dance of Ganesha	2011
publication date	Track Aduowan is a 2010 Chinese historical comedy film and sequel to Hands Up!.	Track Aduowan	2010
publication date	The Gazebo is a 1959 black comedy CinemaScope film about a married couple who are being blackmailed.	The Gazebo	1959
publication date	Japoteurs (1942) is the tenth of seventeen animated Technicolor short films based upon the DC Comics character of Superman, originally created by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster.	Japoteurs	1942
publication date	Guantanamo's Child is a Canadian documentary film, released in 2015.	Guantanamo's Child	2015
publication date	Ganda Hendathi (Kannada: ಗಂಡ ಹೆಂಡತಿ) (English: husband and wife) is a 2006 Indian Kannada erotic thriller film, directed by Ravi Shrivatsa and produced by Shailendra Babu.	Ganda Hendathi	2006
publication date	Pinocchio and the Emperor of the Night is an American animated fantasy adventure film that was released on December 25, 1987 by New World Pictures and is an unofficial sequel to the 1940 Disney film Pinocchio.	Pinocchio and the Emperor of the Night	1987
publication date	Web of Deception is a 1994 TV movie directed by Richard A. Colla.	Web of Deception	1994
publication date	Samshaya Phala (Kannada: ಸಂಶಯ ಫಲ) is a 1971 Indian Kannada language romantic drama film written, produced and directed by A. M. Sameullah under the banner of Bawa Movies.	Samshaya Phala	1971
publication date	The Bolero is a 1973 American short documentary film directed by Allan Miller and William Fertik.	The Bolero	1973
publication date	Vacation with Derek is a 2010 Canadian television movie based on the TV series Life with Derek.	Vacation with Derek	2010
publication date	Rock Paper Dice Enter is a 2014 Canadian thriller, directed by Shreela Chakrabartty.	Rock Paper Dice Enter	2014
publication date	Beef II (released on DVD in August 2004) is a sequel to the 2003 documentary Beef, which continued to document the history of rivalries in hip-hop and rap music.	Beef II	2004
publication date	Penangunni is a 2013 Malayalam 3D film directed by Manoj Chandrasekharan, starring child actors Abhijith Sanal and Vaishnavi in the lead roles.	Penangunni	2013
publication date	Moojrim is a 1970 Bollywood crime film about a gold medalist who becomes implicated in a murder while trying to save a girl from attackers.	Moojrim	1970
publication date	Reconceptualizing India Studies, published in 2012, is a book about the problems that the postcolonial studies, India studies and Indology are facing today, and the possible new directions for rejuvenating them.	Reconceptualizing India Studies	2012
publication date	The Silent Passenger is a British black-and-white mystery film made in 1935 at Ealing Studios, London.	The Silent Passenger	1935
publication date	The Murder of Princess Diana is a 2007 Lifetime Television movie, directed by John Strickland and starring Jennifer Morrison.	The Murder of Princess Diana	2007
publication date	Seeing with the Eyes of Love was originally published in the United States in 1991.	Seeing with the Eyes of Love	1991
publication date	A Place in the Stars is a 2014 Nigerian crime thriller film written by Ita Hozaife and J. K. Amalou, co-produced and directed by Steve Gukas.	A Place in the Stars	2014
publication date	Julio Sumiu is a 2014 Brazilian comedy film directed by Roberto Berliner based on the novel of the same name by Beto Silva.	Julio Sumiu	2014
publication date	Bunker Bean is a 1936 American black-and-white comedy film adapted from a novel by Harry Leon Wilson.	Bunker Bean	1936
publication date	Night of the Living Bread is a 1990 American independent short film comedic parody of Night of the Living Dead, directed by Kevin S. O'Brien.	Night of the Living Bread	1990
publication date	The Albino Code (2006) is a short film parodying the film version of The Da Vinci Code.	The Albino Code	2006
publication date	Life and Colour (Spanish: Vida y color) is a 2005 Spanish movie.	Life and Colour	2005
publication date	Mountain Strawberries 4, (산딸기 4 - Sanddalgi 4) also known as Wild Strawberries 4, is a 1991 South Korean film directed by Kim Su-hyeong.	Mountain Strawberries 4	1991
publication date	Ljudet av ett annat hjärta, written by Per Gessle and Mats ``MP'' Persson, is a song recorded by Swedish pop group Gyllene Tider, released as a single on 24 October 1981.	Ljudet av ett annat hjärta	1981
publication date	The Weakly Reporter is a Warner Bros. cartoon released on March 25, 1944.	The Weakly Reporter	1944
publication date	Testimonies 2001 (Macedonian Cyrillic: Сведоштва 2001, Macedonian Latin: Svedostva 2001) is a book written by Macedonian General Pande Petrovskiin 2006.	Testimonies 2001	2006
publication date	Aviraamam is a 1991 Indian Malayalam film.	Aviraamam	1991
publication date	Perversion for Profit is a 1965 Eastmancolor propaganda film financed by Charles Keating and narrated by news reporter George Putnam.	Perversion for Profit	1965
publication date	Anthimanthaarai is a period arthouse Tamil language film released in 1996.	Anthimanthaarai	1996
publication date	Cain's Cutthroats is a 1971 western-themed exploitation film.	Cain's Cutthroats	1971
publication date	Three Bad Sisters is a 1956 American drama film directed by Gilbert Kay and written by Gerald Drayson Adams.	Three Bad Sisters	1956
publication date	Feline Frame-Up is an animated short film in the Looney Tunes series produced by Warner Bros. Cartoons, Inc and released on February 13, 1954.	Feline Frame-Up	1954
publication date	Amegas is a computer game by reLINE Software for the Amiga written by Guido Bartels and released in 1987.	Amegas	1987
publication date	One Hour with You is a 1932 American Pre-Code musical comedy film about a married couple who find themselves attracted to other people.	One Hour with You	1932
publication date	If All the Guys in the World (original French title: Si tous les gars du monde) is a film made in 1955.	If All the Guys in the World	1955
publication date	Vaajlaach Paahije - Game Ki Shinema (English: The show must go on) is a 2015 Marathi comedy-drama film directed by R.Viraj and produced by Channel U Entertainment.	Vaajlaach Paahije - Game Ki Shinema	2015
publication date	Rape Squad is a 1974 American exploitation film, directed by Bob Kelljan.	Rape Squad	1974
publication date	Slingo is an online multiplayer game created in 1995 by Slingo, Inc. It features a mix of slots and bingo.	Slingo	1995
publication date	In the Electric Mist (French title: Dans la brume électrique) is a 2009 Franco-American mystical drama film based on the novel In the Electric Mist with Confederate Dead by James Lee Burke.	In the Electric Mist	2009
publication date	Teenage Paparazzo is a 2010 documentary film about the life and times of a 14-year-old Paparazzi photographer named Austin Visschedyk.	Teenage Paparazzo	2010
publication date	Assassin Mountain is an accessory for the second edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game, published in 1993.	Assassin Mountain	1993
publication date	The $5,000,000 Counterfeiting Plot is a 1914 silent film thriller directed by Bertram Harrison.	The $5,000,000 Counterfeiting Plot	1914
publication date	Vana Mohini (Tamil: வன மோஹினி) is a 1941 Tamil film directed by Hindi film-maker Bhagwan.	Vana Mohini	1941
publication date	On All Floors is a 2002 British short film directed by Geoff Evans and written by Craig Handley.	On All Floors	2002
publication date	Backyard Wedding is a 2010 television drama film directed by Bradford May, starring Alicia Witt and Teddy Sears.	Backyard Wedding	2010
publication date	The Pride of St. Louis is a 1952 biographical film of the life of Major League Baseball Hall of Fame pitcher Dizzy Dean.	The Pride of St. Louis	1952
publication date	Hrudaya Kaleyam is a 2014 Telugu spoof action comedy film directed by Steven Shankar.	Hrudaya Kaleyam	2014
publication date	1 More Hit screened at SXSW in 2007.	1 More Hit	2007
publication date	Romantic Island (Hangul: 로맨틱 아일랜드; RR: Romaentik Aillaendeu) is a 2008 South Korean romantic comedy film set in Boracay, Philippines.	Romantic Island	2008
publication date	Color Adjustment is a 1992 documentary film that traces 40 years of race relations and the representation of African Americans through the lens of prime time television entertainment, scrutinizing television's racial myths.	Color Adjustment	1992
publication date	The Munsters' Revenge is a 1981 television film produced by Universal Studios.	The Munsters' Revenge	1981
publication date	Karulina Kudi (Kannada: ಕರುಳಿನ ಕುಡಿ) is a 1995 Indian Kannada drama film directed by V. P. Sarathy and produced by P. Dhanraj.	Karulina Kudi	1995
publication date	Chinnari Muddula Papa (English: Cute Lovely Baby) is a 1990 Telugu drama film produced by Vadde Ramesh on Nallini Cini Creations banner.	Chinnari Muddula Papa	1990
publication date	Facundo, el tigre de los llanos is a 1952 Argentine drama film directed by Miguel P. Tato and Carlos F. Borcosque.	Facundo, el tigre de los llanos	1952
publication date	Serene Velocity is a 1970 American experimental short film.	Serene Velocity	1970
publication date	Prophet Without Honor is a 1939 short documentary film that was nominated for an Academy Award in 1940 for Best Live Action Short Film, One-Reel.	Prophet Without Honor	1939
publication date	How to Fish is an animated short produced by Walt Disney Productions and first released in December 9, 1942.	How to Fish	1942
publication date	İrfan in University is a 2013 Turkish animated short film written and directed by Rıdvan Çevik, and produced by Anadolu University.	İrfan in University	2013
publication date	9500 Liberty is a 2009 documentary film about the struggle over immigration in Prince William County, Virginia.	9500 Liberty	2009
publication date	The Vanishing Virginian is a 1942 film based on the novel by Rebecca Yancey Williams and set in Lynchburg, Virginia, in 1913.	The Vanishing Virginian	1942
publication date	Unchained Memories is a 2003 documentary film about the stories of former slaves interviewed during the 1930s as part of the Federal Writers' Project and preserved in the WPA Slave Narrative Collection.	Unchained Memories	2003
publication date	There Came an Echo is a real-time strategy title with a heavy narrative focus developed for the PlayStation 4, Windows (DRM-free & via Steam) and Xbox One platforms, and was released on 24 February 2015.	There Came an Echo	24 February 2015
publication date	Monster Brawl is a 2011 independent horror-comedy film.	Monster Brawl	2011
publication date	A Century in Stone is a 2004 documentary film depicting the rise of Eston's iron and steel industry.	A Century in Stone	2004
publication date	My Bollywood Bride is a 2006 English and Indian film, released in 2007 theatrically and will release as new title ``My Faraway Bride'', on DVD (Vivendi/Universal) in August 2008 and also due to premiere on Showtime and Starz in 2008.	My Bollywood Bride	2006
publication date	Ghost Mamma (Hangul: 고스트 맘마; RR: Goseuteu mamma) is a 1996 South Korean romance fantasy film.	Ghost Mamma	1996
publication date	Fast Beat Loop Racer (Chinese: 環狀賽車) is an arcade racing game released by Saint-Fun International in 2011.	Fast Beat Loop Racer	2011
publication date	The Tale of the Wonderful Potato (Danish: Eventyret om den vidunderlige kartoffel) is a 1985 animated film by Anders Sørensen.	The Tale of the Wonderful Potato	1985
publication date	Unfinished Spaces is a 2011 documentary film about the revolutionary design of the National Art Schools (Cuba).	Unfinished Spaces	2011
publication date	When Innocence Is Lost is an 1997 American drama television film directed by Bethany Rooney and written by Deborah Jones.	When Innocence Is Lost	1997
publication date	Dasvidaniya (दसविदानिया) is a 2008 Bollywood film released on 7 November 2008.	Dasvidaniya	2008
publication date	Yuvah (variously Yuva) is a 2009 Kannada action film starring Kartik Shetty and Madhu Sharma.	Yuvah	2009
publication date	Ambush in Leopard Street is a low budget 1962 British crime drama film directed by J. Henry Piperno.	Ambush in Leopard Street	1962
publication date	First released in 1985, the young adult science fiction novel is the first of the 'Space Demons' trilogy.	Space Demons	1985
publication date	Shark Bait (The Reef in the UK, Australia and North America, Pi's Story in South Korea) is a 2006 South Korean-American computer animated film.	Shark Bait	2006
publication date	Confessions of a Sorority Girl (also known as Confessions of Sorority Girls) is a 1994 American television film that debuted on Showtime on July 29, 1994.	Confessions of a Sorority Girl	1994
publication date	Abhinoy Noy is a 1983 Indian Bengali language romance film directed by Archan Chakraborty.	Abhinoy Noy	1983
publication date	Galaxy of Terror is a 1981 science fiction/horror film produced by Roger Corman and directed by Bruce D. Clark.	Galaxy of Terror	1981
publication date	La Ville dont le prince est un enfant is a 1997 made for television film adapted from 1955 play by French dramatist Henry de Montherlant of the same title.	La Ville dont le prince est un enfant	1997
publication date	Poothumbiyum Poovalanmarum is a 1997 Indian Malayalam film directed by Francis and starring Prem Kumar and Vani Viswanath in the lead roles.	Poothumbiyum Poovalanmarum	1997
publication date	Reservoir Dogs is a 1992 American neo-noir crime thriller that depicts the events before and after a botched diamond heist.	Reservoir Dogs	1992
publication date	A Cage of Eagles is a 1989 thriller by James Follet, taking place at 1941 in the POW Camp at Grizedale Hall at England's Lake District, where some of the most capable of the German officers captured by Britain were kept (and constantly plotted escape).	A Cage of Eagles	1989
publication date	Shahanpan Dega Deva is Marathi movie released on 21 January 2011.	Shahanpan Dega Deva	2011
publication date	Holy Land Hardball (2008) is a documentary film about starting a professional baseball league in Israel.	Holy Land Hardball	2008
publication date	The Encyclopædia Britannica Second Edition (1777--1784) is a 10-volume reference work, an edition of the Encyclopædia Britannica.	Encyclopædia Britannica Second Edition	1777
publication date	Star Fairies was adapted into a televised cartoon movie, made by Hanna-Barbera in 1985.	Star Fairies	1985
publication date	Cuori nella tormenta (Hearts in the storm) is a 1984 Italian romantic comedy film.	Cuori nella tormenta	1984
publication date	GamePro named Tomcat Alley the best Sega CD game at the 1994 Consumer Electronics Show, commenting, ``The demo at CES was stunning.	Tomcat Alley	1994
publication date	Vacation of Petrov and Vasechkin, Usual and Incredible (Russian: Каникулы Петрова и Васечкина, обыкновенные и невероятные) is a 1984 Soviet film.	Vacation of Petrov and Vasechkin, Usual and Incredible	1984
publication date	Before Born (simplified Chinese: 结果; traditional Chinese: 結; pinyin: jiégǔo) is a 2006 Chinese film directed by Zhang Ming.	Before Born	2006
publication date	Maayajaalam is a Telugu film released on 12 May 2006.	Maayajaalam	2006
publication date	Paul Jacobs and the Nuclear Gang is a 1980 political documentary film produced and directed by Jack Willis and Saul Landau, written by Jack Willis and Penny Bernstein, narrated by Penny Bernstein with cinematography by Zack Krieger and Haskell Wexler.	Paul Jacobs and the Nuclear Gang	1980
publication date	Bram Stoker's Legend of the Mummy, or simply Bram Stoker's The Mummy, is a horror-fantasy 1998 film based on Bram Stoker's novel The Jewel of Seven Stars.	Bram Stoker's Legend of the Mummy	1998
publication date	Mr. Morgan's Last Love (also known as Last Love) is an 2013 film based on Francoise Dorner's French novel La Douceur Assassine.	Mr. Morgan's Last Love	2013
publication date	The Pirates of Central Park is a 2001 American family adventure film.	The Pirates of Central Park	2001
publication date	The Sterilization of Leilani Muir is a 1996 documentary directed by Glynis Whiting about the life and times of Leilani Muir, the first person to file a lawsuit against the Alberta provincial government for wrongful sterilization under the Sexual Sterilization Act of Alberta.	The Sterilization of Leilani Muir	1996
publication date	Inkosaari (Once Again, Telugu: ఇంకోసారి ) is a 2010 Telugu film, directed by Suman Pathuri.	Inkosaari	2010
publication date	Sindura Bindu is an Odia romantic love story released on 15 July 1976, .	Sindura Bindu	1976
publication date	Cómo seducir a una mujer (How to Seduce a Woman) is a 1967 Argentine film directed by Ricardo Alventosa with a screenplay by Ricardo Alventosa and Jose Martinez Suarez.	Cómo seducir a una mujer	1967
publication date	Moomins and the Comet Chase is a 2010 3D stop motion animated fantasy adventure comedy family film compiled from the Comet in Moominland-based episodes of the 1977--1982 The Moomins TV series animated at Se-ma-for in Poland, restored and re-soundtracked with multiple voice actors replacing the single narrator.	Moomins and the Comet Chase	2010
publication date	Faisla is a 1988 Hindi hit film starring Vinod Khanna.	Faisla	1988
publication date	Debating Robert Lee is a 2004 independent film, directed by Dan Polier and written by Dan Polier and Matthew Klein.	Debating Robert Lee	2004
publication date	Deewaanapan (English: Insanity) is a Bollywood movie, released on 16 November 2001.	Deewaanapan	2001
publication date	A Walk to Beautiful is a 2007 American documentary film produced and distributed by Engel Entertainment about women who suffer from childbirth injuries in Ethiopia.	A Walk to Beautiful	2007
publication date	Frontier Rangers is a 1959 film composed of episodes of the TV series Northwest Passage (1959).	Frontier Rangers	1959
publication date	Pov Malis Lea is a 1993 film starring Arun Reksemy, Sok Sreymom, Tep Rundaro, Pisith Pilika, Kai Prasith, Ampor Tevi and other stars of the time.	Pov Malis Lea	1993
publication date	Watch Horror Films, Keep America Strong! is a 2008 documentary about the popular television series Creature Features televised out of Oakland, California 1971 to 1984.	Watch Horror Films, Keep America Strong!	2008
publication date	The Adventure of Sudsakorn (Thai: สุดสาคร, also The Adventure of Sud Sakorn, Sudsakhorn Adventure, or Soodsakorn) is a 1979 Thai animated fantasy film.	The Adventure of Sudsakorn	1979
publication date	Baharon Phool Barsao is a 1972 Bollywood romance film.	Baharon Phool Barsao	1972
publication date	Frida is a 2002 American biopic drama film which depicts the professional and private life of the surrealist Mexican painter Frida Kahlo.	Frida	2002
publication date	Rao Gari Illu is a 1988 Telugu drama film produced by Y. Surendra on Annapurna Studios & S. S. Creations banner, directed by Tharani Rao.	Rao Gari Illu	1988
publication date	Manevri na petiya etazh (Bulgarian language: Маневри на петия етаж, English language: Maneuvers on the Fifth Floor) is a comedy movie released in Bulgaria in 1985.	Manevri na petiya etazh	1985
publication date	Perempuan Bergairah is a 1982 Indonesian action-drama film directed by Jopi Burnama and starring 1980s Indonesian action film stars Barry Prima and Eva Arnaz.	Perempuan Bergairah	1982
publication date	Hostel Returns is a 2015 Nepalese teen romance film directed by Suraj Bhusal and produced by Sunil Rawal under Durgish Films banner.	Hostel Returns	2015
publication date	Finishing the Game is a 2007 mockumentary which focuses on Bruce Lee's final movie Game of Death.	Finishing the Game	2007
publication date	Justin and the Knights of Valour (Spanish: Justin y la espada del valor) is a 2013 English-language Spanish 3D computer animated fantasy film whose working title was Goleor:	Justin and the Knights of Valour	2013
publication date	Ten Tall Men is a 1951 Technicolor comedy adventure film about the French Foreign Legion during the Rif War in Morocco.	Ten Tall Men	1951
publication date	A Christmas Kiss is a 2011 American television romance film directed by John Stimpson and starring Elisabeth Röhm, Laura Breckenridge, and Brendan Fehr.	A Christmas Kiss	2011
publication date	Return of Sergeant Lapins (Latvian: Seržanta Lapiņa atgriešanās or Latvian: Tas notika ar viņiem) is a 2010 comedy-drama film directed by Latvian director Gatis Šmits.	Return of Sergeant Lapins	2010
publication date	Der Stern von Afrika (English: The Star of Africa) is a 1957 black-and-white German war film portraying the combat career of Luftwaffe World War II fighter pilot Hans-Joachim Marseille.	Der Stern von Afrika	1957
publication date	Fatal Sky is a 1990 SF-thriller film.	Fatal Sky	1990
publication date	Earth Star Voyager is the name of a science fiction television movie shown on the Wonderful World of Disney in 1988.	Earth Star Voyager	1988
publication date	Allting som ni gör kan jag göra bättre (which translates as ``Everything you can do, I can do better'') is a 1987 cover album from Swedish pop and rock artist Magnus Uggla.	Allting som ni gör kan jag göra bättre	1987
publication date	It's a Great Day is a 1955 British comedy film directed by John Warrington.	It's a Great Day	1955
publication date	GG Bond 2 (Chinese: 猪猪侠之勇闯巨人岛) is a 2014 Chinese animated adventure comedy film directed by Gu Zhibin and Lu Jinming.	GG Bond 2	2014
publication date	Desmond & the Swamp Barbarian Trap (Swedish: Desmond & träskpatraskfällan) is a Swedish stop motion-animated feature film that premiered on 19 November 2006.	Desmond & the Swamp Barbarian Trap	2006
publication date	The Royal Bed is a 1931 American Pre-Code American satirical comedy film produced by William LeBaron and distributed through RKO.	The Royal Bed	1931
publication date	Sepia Cinderella is a 1947 American musical race film directed by Arthur H. Leonard.	Sepia Cinderella	1947
publication date	The Bends is the second studio album by the English alternative rock band Radiohead, released on 13 March 1995 by Parlophone.	The Bends	13 March 1995
publication date	The Friendly Ghost is a cartoon released by Paramount Pictures on 16 November 1945 as part of its Noveltoons series of animated short movies.	The Friendly Ghost	1945
publication date	Ambulance Girl is a 2005 made for television movie.	Ambulance Girl	2005
publication date	Baap Re Baap (My God!) is a 1955 Hindi family comedy drama film, produced and directed by A. R. Kardar.	Baap Re Baap	1955
publication date	Naagu (Telugu: నాగు) is a 1984 Tollywood film directed by Tatineni Prasad and produced by AVM Productions.	Naagu	1984
publication date	The Mouse on the Moon is a 1963 British comedy film, the sequel to The Mouse That Roared.	The Mouse on the Moon	1963
publication date	Zombi Kampung Pisang (Kampung Pisang's Zombies) is a 2008 horror comedy Malay film from Malaysia directed by Mamat Khalid.	Zombi Kampung Pisang	2008
publication date	Blue Demon vs. the Satanic Power (Spanish: Blue Demon contra el poder satánico) is a 1966 Mexican film featuring Mexican wrestler Blue Demon.	Blue Demon vs. the Satanic Power	1966
publication date	A Jewish Girl in Shanghai (Chinese: 犹太女孩在上海) is a 2010 Chinese animated family film written by Wu Lin and based on his graphic novel of the same name.	A Jewish Girl in Shanghai	2010
publication date	Kayar (English: Coir) is a 1978 Malayalam epic novel written by Thakazhi Sivasankara Pillai.	Kayar	1978
publication date	Pre-screenings of Concealed 360 were conducted on May 19 and May 20 at the Maker Faire 2012 in San Mateo.	Concealed 360	2012
publication date	Broadway Hostess is a 1935 American romantic comedy musical that was nominated at the 1935 Academy Awards for the short lived Best Dance Direction category.	Broadway Hostess	1935
publication date	Viviré otra vez (``I Will Live Again'') is a 1940 Mexican comedy film, directed by Roberto Rodríguez and starring Adriana Lamar, Alicia de Phillips and David Silva.	Viviré otra vez	1940
publication date	Zoop in India is a 2006 Dutch family film.	Zoop in India	2006
publication date	Road to Dawn (Chinese: 夜.明; pinyin: Yè míng; literally: ``night, dawn'') is a 2007 Chinese historical film directed by Hong Kong filmmaker, Derek Chiu.	Road to Dawn	2007
publication date	The Trial of the Incredible Hulk is a 1989 television film spin-off to the 1970s Incredible Hulk television series, featuring both the Hulk and fellow Marvel Comics character Daredevil, who team up to defeat Wilson Fisk, the Kingpin.	The Trial of the Incredible Hulk	1989
publication date	Kitty Kornered is a 1946 Looney Tunes cartoon, directed by Robert Clampett, produced by Edward Selzer and released by Warner Bros. Pictures.	Kitty Kornered	1946
publication date	Fjols til fjells is a Norwegian situation comedy film released in 1957.	Fjols til fjells	1957
publication date	From Ritual to Romance is a 1920 book written by Jessie L. Weston.	From Ritual to Romance	1920
publication date	Still the Drums Originally produced in 2009 is the first film written, produced, directed and edited by actor Talbot Perry Simons.	Still the Drums	2009
publication date	Nora's Hair Salon is a 2004 independent comedy-drama film, written by Chanel Capra and Jean-Claude La Marre, and directed by Jerry LaMothe.	Nora's Hair Salon	2004
publication date	Hate Crew Deathroll is the fourth album by the Finnish melodic death metal band Children of Bodom, released in 2003 under the Century Media label.	Hate Crew Deathroll	2003
publication date	Shravani Subramanya (Kannada: ಶ್ರಾವಣಿ ಸುಬ್ರಮಣ್ಯ) is a 2013 Indian Kannada-language romantic comedy film written and directed by Manju Swaraj and produced by K. A Suresh under his home production banner Suresh Arts Productions.	Shravani Subramanya	2013
publication date	Where I Am King (Tagalog: Hari ng Tondo) is a 2014 Philippine comedy film directed by Carlos Siguion-Reyna.	Where I Am King	2014
publication date	On Giant's Shoulders is a 1979 BBC television film about the early life of thalidomide victim Terry Wiles, with Wiles playing himself.	On Giant's Shoulders	1979
publication date	Watch the Shadows Dance is a 1987 film set fifteen years in the future.	Watch the Shadows Dance	1987
publication date	The Sundowners is a 1960 Technicolor film that tells the story of an Australian outback family torn between the father's desires to continue his nomadic sheep-herding ways and the wife's and son's desire to settle down in one place.	The Sundowners	1960
publication date	Emmett Stone is a 1985 Australian film based on a play by Michael Gurr.	Emmett Stone	1985
publication date	C.B.I. Shankar (Kannada: ಸಿ.ಬಿ.ಐ.ಶಂಕರ್) is a 1989 Indian Kannada language drama film directed by P. Nanjundappa.	C.B.I. Shankar	1989
publication date	The Return of Bruno is a 1987 comedic film, originally aired as a one-hour special on HBO and later released on VHS.	The Return of Bruno	1987
publication date	Entre abogados te veas (``Among Lawyers I See You'') is a 1951 Mexican film.	Entre abogados te veas	1951
publication date	Nizhalgal (English: Shadows) is a 1980 Indian Tamil film co-written and directed by Bharathiraja.	Nizhalgal	1980
publication date	Hum Tum Shabana is a 2011 Indian comedy and romance film.	Hum Tum Shabana	2011
publication date	The Queen in Australia is a 1954 documentary about the visit of Queen Elizabeth II to Australia in 1954.	The Queen in Australia	1954
publication date	The Search for Animal Chin is a 1987 skateboarding film featuring the Bones Brigade.	The Search for Animal Chin	1987
publication date	Aaj Ke Shahenshah (English: Today's Emperor) is a 1990 Bollywood, Action film produced by I.A.Desai, Saleem Khan on D.S. Films banner and directed by Shibu Mittra.	Aaj Ke Shahenshah	1990
publication date	Journey to Self is a 2012 Nigerian drama film written and produced by Ashionye Michelle Raccah and directed by Tope Oshin-Ogun, starring Nse Ikpe Etim, Ashionye Michelle Raccah, Dakore Akande, Tosin Sido and Katherine Obiang.	Journey to Self	2012
publication date	The Nasty Rabbit is a 1964 American spy comedy film directed by James Landis.	The Nasty Rabbit	1964
publication date	Hasiru Thorana (Kannada: ಹಸಿರು ತೋರಣ) is a 1970 Indian Kannada language drama film directed by T. V. Singh Thakur and written by Sundaramma.	Hasiru Thorana	1970
publication date	Paribhavam (Malayalam: പരിഭവം) is a 2009 Malayalam film directed by K. A. Devaraj starring Abhilash and Kripa.	Paribhavam	2009
publication date	In Our Name is a 2010 British drama film written and directed by Brian Welsh.	In Our Name	2010
publication date	Princess Lillifee and the Little Unicorn (German: Prinzessin Lillifee und das kleine Einhorn) is a 2011 German animated film directed by Ansgar Niebuhr and Hubert Weiland.	Princess Lillifee and the Little Unicorn	2011
publication date	The Encyclopedia of the Holocaust (1990) has been called ``the most recognized reference book on the Holocaust''.	Encyclopedia of the Holocaust	1990
publication date	Top Star (Hangul: 톱스타; RR: Topseuta) is a 2013 South Korean film directed, co-written and produced by veteran actor Park Joong-hoon, in his directorial debut.	Top Star	2013
publication date	Johnny Nobody is a 1961 UK drama film brought to the screen by Viceroy Films Limited under the production of John R. Sloan with executive production from Irving Allen and Albert R. Broccoli.	Johnny Nobody	1961
publication date	Novogodišnje venčanje (English: New Year's Wedding) is a Serbian comedy television film which was premiered on 31 December 2002.	Novogodišnje venčanje	2002
publication date	The Public Enemy (released as Enemies of the Public in the United Kingdom) is a 1931 American all-talking Pre-Code crime film produced and distributed by Warner Bros..	The Public Enemy	1931
publication date	Gidget Grows Up is a 1969 television film directed by James Sheldon and starring Karen Valentine, Paul Lynde and Edward Mulhare, freely adapted from the novel Gidget Goes New York by Frederick Kohner.	Gidget Grows Up	1969
publication date	The Trypillia Tragedy (Russian: Трипольская трагедия) is a 1926 Soviet film by Alexander Anoschenko-Anoda.	The Trypillia Tragedy	1926
publication date	An Angel Has Arrived (Spanish:Ha llegado un ángel) is a 1961 Spanish musical film.	An Angel Has Arrived	1961
publication date	McClurg began with three Tarzan novels, and then published A Princess of Mars on October 10, 1917.	A Princess of Mars	1917
publication date	Under Proof is a 1936 British comedy crime film directed by Roland Gillett and starring Betty Stockfeld, Tyrell Davis and Judy Kelly.	Under Proof	1936
publication date	Sex Is Zero 2 is the 2007 sequel to the South Korean comedy film Sex Is Zero, and is the directorial debut of Yoon Tae-yoon.	Sex Is Zero 2	2007
publication date	Alien Intruder is a 1993 action/science fiction film by Nick Stone and Ricardo Jacques Gale.	Alien Intruder	1993
publication date	Tonta, tonta, pero no tanto (English: Foolish, Foolish, But Not A Lot) is a 1972 Mexican comedy film directed by Fernando Cortés and starring María Elena Velasco as La India María.	Tonta, tonta, pero no tanto	1972
publication date	When Taekwondo Strikes (also known as Sting of the Dragon Masters and Taekwondo Heroes) is a 1973 martial arts film directed and written by Feng Huang, produced by Raymond Chow.	When Taekwondo Strikes	1973
publication date	Midnight Son is a 2011 vampire horror film written and directed by Scott Leberecht, produced by Matt Compton, and starring Zak Kilberg.	Midnight Son	2011
publication date	Kya Dilli Kya Lahore is a 2014 Hindi, war drama film set in 1948, post-Independence period and deals with the subject of Indo-Pak partition.	Kya Dilli Kya Lahore	2014
publication date	Solomon Northup's Odyssey, reissued as Half Slave, Half Free, is a 1984 American television film based on the autobiography Twelve Years a Slave by Solomon Northup, a free black man who in 1841 was kidnapped and sold into slavery.	Solomon Northup's Odyssey	1984
publication date	All Hail the King is a 2014 American direct-to-video short film featuring the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) character Trevor Slattery, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment on the home media release of Thor:	All Hail the King	2014
publication date	15 Again was released on 11 September 2006 by record label EMI.	15 Again	11 September 2006
publication date	Zielen van Napels is a documentary film by director Vincent Monnikendam that was first released in the United States in a special preview at the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C. in 2005.	Zielen van Napels	2005
publication date	A Gruesome Twosome is a Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies cartoon directed by Bob Clampett and released on June 9, 1945.	A Gruesome Twosome	1945
publication date	Kings of the Turf is a 1941 American short documentary film about horse racing, directed by Del Frazier.	Kings of the Turf	1941
publication date	And the Word Was Made Flesh is a 1972 Australian film, directed and written by Duson Marek.	And the Word Was Made Flesh	1972
publication date	On a Ona (English: He and Herself) is the sixth studio album by Collegium Musicum, released on OPUS in 1979.	On a Ona	1979
publication date	National Lampoon's Dorm Daze 2 (credited onscreen with the subtitle College @ Sea) is a 2006 American mystery comedy film and the sequel to National Lampoon Presents Dorm Daze (2003).	National Lampoon's Dorm Daze 2	2006
publication date	Architecture 101 (Hangul: 건축학개론; RR: Geonchukhakgaeron; lit. Introduction to Architecture) is a 2012 South Korean romance film written and directed by Lee Yong-joo.	Architecture 101	2012
publication date	Done the Impossible is a 2006 documentary fan film of the TV series Firefly.	Done the Impossible	2006
publication date	People and dogs (El nas we El Kelab, Arabic: الناس والكلاب‎) is a book of short stories written by the Egyptian physician Dr.Moawad GadElrab (15 September 1929 - 23 August 1983), published by The National Publishing and Printing house in Cairo, Egypt in 1964.	People and dogs	1964
publication date	WWE Workout Series is a series of fitness workouts by WWE, released on December 2, 2014 on DVD in Region 1.	WWE Workout Series	2014
publication date	Black Man (published as Thirteen in North America) is a 2007 science fiction novel by the English author Richard Morgan.	Black Man	2007
publication date	Amityville Dollhouse is the eighth installment in the Amityville film series, released directly to video in 1996.	Amityville Dollhouse	1996
publication date	The Day the World Ended is a 2001 American science fiction/horror television film and is the fourth in the Creature Features series broadcast on Cinemax.	The Day the World Ended	2001
publication date	Vaitheeswaran is a 2008 Tamil language film.	Vaitheeswaran	2008
publication date	The most recent version is the 11th Edition published in 2011 under the name Robert's Rules of Order Newly Revised (abbreviated RONR).	Robert's Rules of Order	2011
publication date	Licence to Steal (Chinese: 夏日福星; lit. ``Summer time Lucky Stars'') is a 1990 Hong Kong action film directed by Billy Chan.	Licence to Steal	1990
publication date	No se mande, profe (``Do Not Send, Prof'') is a 1967 Mexican film.	No se mande, profe	1967
publication date	Golu Hadawatha (Translation: Silence of the Heart) was a popular 1969 Sinhalese language romance film directed by maestro Lester James Peiris.	Golu Hadawatha	1969
publication date	The Mysterious Mr. Nicholson is a 1947 British crime film directed by Oswald Mitchell and starring Anthony Hulme, Lesley Osmond and Frank Hawkins.	The Mysterious Mr. Nicholson	1947
publication date	Puthir (also known under the spelling Pudhir, meaning 'Puzzle') is a 1986 movie that was directed by Siddalingaiah.	Puthir	1986
publication date	Nada más que amor is a 1942 Chilean film starring Alberto Closas.	Nada más que amor	1942
publication date	With My Heart in Yambo (Spanish: Con mi corazón en Yambo) is a 2011 Ecuadorian documentary film written and directed by María Fernanda Restrepo.	With My Heart in Yambo	2011
publication date	Face of Evil is a 1996 TV movie starring Tracey Gold as Darcy Palmer, Perry King as Russell Polk and Shawnee Smith as his daughter Jeanelle Polk.	Face of Evil	1996
publication date	The Small Voice, released in the United States as The Hideout, is a 1948 British film about an escaped convict who takes a married couple hostage.	The Small Voice	1948
publication date	Damascus Roof and Tales of Paradise (2010) is a Syrian documentary film directed by Soudade Kaadan and produced by Anas Abdel Wahab.	Damascus Roof and Tales of Paradise	2010
publication date	The Encyclopædia Britannica First Edition (1768--1771) is a 3-volume reference work, an edition of the Encyclopædia Britannica.	Encyclopædia Britannica First Edition	1768
publication date	Paragraph 78 (Russian: Параграф 78; also stylized as: § 78) is a Russian film by Mikhail Khleborodov released in 2007.	Paragraph 78	2007
publication date	Heavy Horses is the eleventh studio album by Jethro Tull, released on 10 April 1978.	Heavy Horses	10 April 1978
publication date	Cellar Dweller is a 1988 horror film, about a comic book artist who unleashes a demon after drawing it.	Cellar Dweller	1988
publication date	Michael Jordan in Flight is a 1993 computer basketball game for DOS.	Michael Jordan in Flight	1993
publication date	Quest of the Delta Knights is a 1993 fantasy/adventure sword and sorcery film that was featured in a September 1998 episode of Mystery Science Theater 3000.	Quest of the Delta Knights	1993
publication date	Sri Purandara Dasaru (Kannada: ಶ್ರೀ ಪುರಂದರ ದಾಸರು) is a 1967 Indian Kannada film, directed by C. V. Raju and produced by Smt Jayalakshmi.	Sri Purandara Dasaru	1967
publication date	Crazy Waiting (Hangul: 기다리다 미쳐; RR: Gidarida michyeo), also known as The Longest 24 Months or Going Crazy Waiting, is a 2008 South Korean film written and directed by Ryu Seung-jin.	Crazy Waiting	2008
publication date	Broken Oath (Chinese: 破戒; Po jie) is a 1977 Hong Kong kung fu film from South Korean director Jeong Chang-hwa, with action choreography by Tyrone Hsu Hsia and Yuen Woo-ping.	Broken Oath	1977
publication date	America Abbayi is a 1987 Telugu, thriller film, produced by D. Madhusudhana Rao.	America Abbayi	1987
publication date	Faith, Fraud & Minimum Wage is a 2010 comedy film adaption of Canadian playwright Josh MacDonald's play Halo.	Faith, Fraud & Minimum Wage	2010
publication date	Zoop in South America (Dutch: Zoop in Zuid-Amerika) is a 2007 Dutch youth film.	Zoop in South America	2007
publication date	Borolar Ghor (Assamese: বৰলাৰ ঘৰ, Bachelor's House) is a 2012 bilingual Assamese-Bengali romantic comedy film starring Utpal Das and Debasmita Banerjee in the lead roles.	Borolar Ghor	2012
publication date	The Hornet's Nest is a 2014 American documentary film about the Afghanistan war, directed by David Salzberg and Christian Tureaud.	The Hornet's Nest	2014
publication date	O Premave (Kannada: ಓ ಪ್ರೇಮವೇ) is a 1999 Indian Kannada language romance-drama musical film directed by Naganna.	O Premave	1999
publication date	Pound Puppies and the Legend of Big Paw is a 1988 animated feature film distributed by TriStar Pictures.	Pound Puppies and the Legend of Big Paw	1988
publication date	Your Mommy Kills Animals is an American 2007 documentary film written and directed by Curt Johnson.	Your Mommy Kills Animals	2007
publication date	King of the Travellers is a 2012 Irish revenge drama written and directed by Mark O'Connor.	King of the Travellers	2012
publication date	Street Days (Georgian: ქუჩის დღეები, translit. Kuchis dgeebi) is a 2010 Georgian drama film directed by Levan Koguashvili.	Street Days	2010
publication date	The Other Side of the Underneath is a 1972 British feature film written and directed by Jane Arden and starring Sheila Allen, Liz Danciger, Penny Slinger, Ann Lynn, and Suzanka Fraey.	The Other Side of the Underneath	1972
publication date	Cheers, to Those Who Stay is a 2010 Lebanese short film by Cyril Aris and Mounia Akl.	Cheers, to Those Who Stay	2010
publication date	Out to the World (Hangul: 세상밖으로; RR: Saesang bakkeuro) is an award-winning 1994 South Korean black-comedy film.	Out to the World	1994
publication date	Al son de la marimba (English: To the Sound of the Marimba)) is a 1940 Mexican film.	Al son de la marimba	1940
publication date	Suryamukhi (Odia: ସୂର୍ଯ୍ୟମୁଖୀ) is a 1963 Oriya film directed by Prafulla Sengupta.	Suryamukhi	1963
publication date	Sweet Smell of Success is a 1957 American film noir/drama film made by Hill-Hecht-Lancaster Productions and released by United Artists.	Sweet Smell of Success	1957
publication date	On Suffocation is a 2013 Swedish short film directed by Jenifer Malmqvist.	On Suffocation	2013
publication date	Gene-X is an independent Australian feature film, released in the latter half of 2006.	Gene-X	2006
publication date	Sati Nalaayini (Kannada: ಸತಿ ನಳಾಯಿನಿ) is a 1957 Kannada film directed by T.R.S. Gopu.	Sati Nalaayini	1957
publication date	Ahead of the Class is a 2003 book and 2005 dramatic television film based on real-life events.	Ahead of the Class	2005
publication date	Apensar is a ``brain trainer'' mobile game, 100% in Spanish, and developed by ICO Group in 2013.	Apensar	2013
publication date	Oh, Daddy! is a 1935 British comedy film directed by Graham Cutts and Austin Melford and starring Leslie Henson, Frances Day, Robertson Hare and Barry MacKay.	Oh, Daddy!	1935
publication date	An Easy Life (Russian: Лёгкая жизнь; Legkaya zhizn) is a 1964 satirical Soviet comedy directed by Veniamin Dorman.	An Easy Life	1964
publication date	Gene Siskel put River's Edge at No. 7 on his best of 1987.	River's Edge	1987
publication date	La Mort de Balzac was published by Pierre Michel and Jean-François Nivet in 1989, in the Editions du Lerot, and then in 1999, in the Editions du Félin.	La Mort de Balzac	1989
publication date	Ask Max is a 1986 American film starring Jeff Cohen as Max Baxter a kid inventor.	Ask Max	1986
publication date	Superman Classic is a 2011 animated fan film made by Robb Pratt.	Superman Classic	2011
publication date	Huling Patak ng Dugo, (literally, Last Drop of Blood) is a 1950 Filipino film.	Huling Patak ng Dugo	1950
publication date	Ahmar Shafayef (Arabic: أحمر شفايف‎) is a 2003 studio album by Mohamed Mounir.	Ahmar Shafayef	2003
publication date	Sweety Nanna Jodi (Kannada: ಸ್ವೀಟಿ ನನ್ನ ಜೋಡಿ) is a 2013 Indian Kannada romance film directed by Vijayalakshmi Singh and produced by Radhika herself under her home banner Shamika Enterprises.	Sweety Nanna Jodi	2013
publication date	Namma Samsara (Kannada: ನಮ್ಮ ಸಂಸಾರ) is a 1971 Indian Kannada language drama film written and directed by Siddalingaiah.	Namma Samsara	1971
publication date	Seven Faces is a 1929 American Pre-Code drama film with fantasy elements that was released by Fox Film Corporation in the Fox Movietone sound-on-film system on December 1, 1929.	Seven Faces	1929
publisher	World Press Review (Worldpress.org) is an independent, nonpartisan New York based magazine founded in 1974 and initially published by Stanley Foundation and Teri Schure, with an online edition which was launched in 1997.	World Press Review	Stanley Foundation
record label	A City by the Light Divided is the fourth full-length album by Thursday, released by Island Records on May 2, 2006.	A City by the Light Divided	Island Records
record label	Strange Mercy is the third studio album by musician St. Vincent, released by 4AD on September 12, 2011, in the United Kingdom and a day later in the United States.	Strange Mercy	4AD
record label	The Place I Love is the debut album by English vocal duo Splinter, released on Dark Horse Records in September 1974.	The Place I Love	Dark Horse Records
record label	In Search of a Song was released amid Hall's years with Mercury Records (1969--1977) during which he released one or more albums each year (see Tom T. Hall discography).	In Search of a Song	Mercury Records
record label	Nested is the seventh studio album by Bronx-born singer, songwriter and pianist Laura Nyro, released in 1978 on Columbia Records.	Nested	Columbia Records
record label	La Quinta Esencia (en: ``The Fifth Essence'') is the fifth studio album by the power metal band WarCry, released on December 18, 2006 (see 2006 in music and 2006 in heavy metal music), and distributed through Avispa Music.	La Quinta Esencia	Avispa
record label	``Sing Like Me'' was released by Jive Records and RCA Records via the United States iTunes Store on November 24, 2009.	Sing Like Me	Jive Records	RCA Records
record label	Doctor's Advocate is the second studio album by American hip hop recording artist The Game, released on November 14, 2006 through Geffen Records.	Doctor's Advocate	Geffen Records
record label	``What's So Good About Goodbye'' was a 1961 hit single recorded by R&B group The Miracles for Motown Records' Tamla label, later included on their 1962 album I'll Try Something New.	What's So Good About Goodbye	Motown
record label	The Guinean People's Party (Portuguese: Partido Popular Guineense, PPG) was a small political party in Guinea-Bissau.	Guinean People's Party	political party
record label	12 Golden Country Greats is Ween's fifth album, and third on Elektra Records.	12 Golden Country Greats	Elektra Records
record label	Southern Flavor is the eighteenth studio album by Bill Monroe, released through MCA Records in 1988.	Southern Flavor	MCA Records
record label	Song of the Stallion is the seventh studio album by composer and guitarist Robbie Basho, released in 1971 by Takoma Records.	Song of the Stallion	Takoma Records
record label	Ruin Jonny's Bar Mitzvah is a live album by Me First and the Gimme Gimmes, released on October 19, 2004 on Fat Wreck Chords.	Ruin Jonny's Bar Mitzvah	Fat Wreck Chords
record label	Phantom Antichrist is the 13th studio album by the German thrash metal band Kreator, released through Nuclear Blast on June 1, 2012.	Phantom Antichrist	Nuclear Blast
record label	Blooddrunk is the sixth album by Finnish melodic death metal band Children of Bodom, released on April 7, 2008, through Spinefarm Records.	Blooddrunk	Spinefarm Records
record label	Bolan's Zip Gun is the tenth studio album and a UK-only release by English glam rock act T. Rex, released on 16 February 1975 by record label EMI.	Bolan's Zip Gun	EMI
record label	Ladylike is the fourth and final studio album by German pop trio Monrose, released by Starwatch Music and the Warner Music Group on June 11, 2010 (see 2010 in music) in German-speaking Europe.	Ladylike	Warner Music Group
record label	Roorback is the ninth studio album by Brazilian heavy metal band Sepultura, released in 2003, through SPV Records.	Roorback	SPV
record label	Sounds from Nowheresville is the second studio album by English duo The Ting Tings, released on 24 February 2012 by Columbia Records.	Sounds from Nowheresville	Columbia Records
record label	Homespun is a demo album by XTC released by Cooking Vinyl and Idea Records.	Homespun	Cooking Vinyl	Idea Records
record label	Black Hand Inn is the eighth studio album by German heavy metal band Running Wild, released on March 24, 1994 through Noise Records.	Black Hand Inn	Noise Records
record label	Everything Last Winter is the debut album from the Anglo-Icelandic band Fields, first released April 2, 2007 by Atlantic Records.	Everything Last Winter	Atlantic Records
record label	``Wilbury Twist'' is a song by supergroup Traveling Wilburys and is the final track on their 1990 studio album Traveling Wilburys Vol. 3.	Wilbury Twist	Traveling Wilburys
record label	Hi-Teknology is the debut album from producer Hi-Tek, released on Rawkus Records.	Hi-Teknology	Rawkus Records
record label	Two Time Winners is an album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released in the spring of 1959 by Cadence Records.	Two Time Winners	Cadence Records
record label	Gone Troppo was issued on Dark Horse Records in November 1982.	Gone Troppo	Dark Horse Records
record label	A Million Thoughts and They're All About You is the fourth studio album by Swedish electronic band Alice in Videoland, released in Sweden on 11 February 2011 by Artoffact Records.	A Million Thoughts and They're All About You	Artoffact Records
record label	``Bwatue'' was released as a single in Africa by A&M Records.	Bwatue	A&M Records
record label	Opening Remarks is a 1978 studio album by jazz guitarist Ted Dunbar, recorded for Xanadu Records.	Opening Remarks	Xanadu Records
record label	Too Hype is the 3rd studio album released by Tanya Stephens on November 25, 1997 on the VP Records/Madhouse Records label.	Too Hype	VP Records	Madhouse Records
record label	Similarly to Braxton's two previous singles from Libra, ``Take This Ring'' was shadowed by lack of promotion from her record company, Blackground Records, causing the single to miss the Billboard Hot 100.	Take This Ring	Blackground Records
record label	Bloodrock U.S.A. is the fourth album by the Texan hard rock band Bloodrock, released under Capitol Records in 1971.	Bloodrock U.S.A.	Capitol Records
record label	Songs My Father Left Me is an album by American country music singer and songwriter Hank Williams, Jr. The full title is Songs My Father Left Me The Poetry of Hank Williams, set to music and sung by Hank Williams, Jr. The album was issued in 1969 by MGM Records as number SE 4621.	Songs My Father Left Me	MGM Records
record label	Living with the Living is the fifth album by the Washington, D.C. rock band Ted Leo and the Pharmacists, released in 2007 by Touch and Go Records.	Living with the Living	Touch and Go Records
record label	Release the Stars is the fifth studio album by Canadian-American singer-songwriter Rufus Wainwright, released through Geffen Records on May 15, 2007.	Release the Stars	Geffen Records
record label	Razorblade Suitcase is the second studio album by British rock band Bush, released on 19 November 1996, through Trauma Records.	Razorblade Suitcase	Trauma Records
record label	``Heart of Passion'' is a song by J.M. Silk taken from the album Hold on to Your Dream, which was released on RCA Records, in 1987.	Heart of Passion	RCA Records
record label	Boginja (Goddess) is the ninth album by Croatian pop singer Josipa Lisac, released by Jugoton in 1987.	Boginja	Jugoton
record label	36C is the third studio album by the Canadian post-punk band Fifth Column, released on May 10, 1994 by K Records.	36C	K Records
record label	Takk... ((ˈtʰaʰkː)) is the fourth studio album by the Icelandic post-rock band Sigur Rós, released in September 2005 on EMI.	Takk...	EMI
record label	Ghetto Street Funk is the debut album by Dungeon Family group members P.A. (Parental Advisory), released in November 9, 1993 on MCA Records.	Ghetto Street Funk	MCA Records
record label	It was released in 2000 on Solid State Records and re-released in 2002 on Century Media; all releases of the album other than the Solid State version switch the two opening tracks, such that ``Undeceived'' is the first track on the album.	Undeceived	Solid State Records
record label	Reject All American is the final studio album by the American punk rock band Bikini Kill, released on April 5, 1996 by Kill Rock Stars.	Reject All American	Kill Rock Stars
record label	Warner Music Group recognized Luis Miguel as the best-selling artist in the history of Chile with over 2.5 million records sold.	Luis Miguel	Warner Music Group
record label	Al Cohn's America is a jazz album by saxophonist Al Cohn, recorded in 1976 for Xanadu Records.	Al Cohn's America	Xanadu Records
record label	Odyssey of Iska is the fourteenth album by American jazz composer and saxophonist Wayne Shorter, released on Blue Note Records in 1971.	Odyssey of Iska	Blue Note Records
record label	Messy Little Raindrops is the second studio album by British recording artist Cheryl Cole, released on 29 October 2010 by Fascination Records.	Messy Little Raindrops	Fascination Records
record label	``Confessions of a Broken Heart (Daughter to Father)'' was first previewed at AOL Music's First Listen on September 30, 2005 and was sent to radio in the United States on October 18, 2005 by Casablanca Records as the first single from the album.	Confessions of a Broken Heart (Daughter to Father)	Casablanca Records
record label	Take to the Skies is the début studio album by British rock band Enter Shikari.	Take to the Skies	Enter Shikari
record label	The 7`` edit of ''Backfired`` appears on the Chrysalis Records/EMI compilation Most of All - The Best of Deborah Harry.	Backfired	Chrysalis Records
record label	Illadelph Halflife is the third studio album by American hip hop band The Roots, released September 24, 1996 on Geffen Records.	Illadelph Halflife	Geffen Records
record label	Flippin' Out is an album by Gigolo Aunts released in October 1993 on Fire Records in the UK and April 1994 on RCA/BMG in the US.	Flippin' Out	Fire Records
record label	The Merry Sisters of Fate is an album by Lúnasa that was released in 2001 on Green Linnet Records.	The Merry Sisters of Fate	Green Linnet Records
record label	Awit Para Sa'yo is the first studio album by Filipino singer Erik Santos, released on August 12, 2011 by Star Records in the Philippines in CD and cassette format and in digital download through iTunes and Amazon.com.	Awit Para Sa'yo	Star Records
record label	Right Rhythm is the fourteenth studio album by the Pointer Sisters, released in 1990 on the Motown label.	Right Rhythm	Motown
record label	In March 2004, NewSong announced that they were leaving Reunion Records and moving to Integrity Music.	NewSong	Reunion Records
record label	CAB 4 is the third studio album by the instrumental rock/jazz fusion band CAB, released on September 23, 2003 through Favored Nations.	CAB 4	Favored Nations
record label	Unstoppable Momentum is the fourteenth studio album by guitarist Joe Satriani, released on May 7, 2013 through Epic Records.	Unstoppable Momentum	Epic Records
record label	Apple Records released Living in the Material World on 30 May 1973 in America, with ``Don't Let Me Wait Too Long'' appearing on side one of the LP, between the ballads ``The Light That Has Lighted the World'' and ``Who Can See It''.	Don't Let Me Wait Too Long	Apple Records
record label	R&B from the Marquee was an album by Alexis Korner's Blues Incorporated released in November 1962 on Decca Records.	R&B from the Marquee	Decca Records
record label	MoonBabies is the second studio album by instrumental rock/progressive metal supergroup Planet X, released in 2002 (see release history) through Inside Out Music.	MoonBabies	Inside Out Music
record label	Serve & Collect III is the fourth album by the Boss Hogg Outlawz, released on August 30, 2011 through E1 Music.	Serve & Collect III	E1 Music
record label	I Learned the Hard Way is the fourth studio album by American soul and funk band Sharon Jones & The Dap-Kings, released April 6, 2010 on Daptone Records.	I Learned the Hard Way	Daptone Records
record label	Dancing in Your Head is a studio album by jazz artist Ornette Coleman, released in 1977 by Horizon Records.	Dancing in Your Head	Horizon Records
record label	Pain Is Love 2 (also known under the acronym PIL2) is the seventh album by American rapper Ja Rule; it was released on February 28, 2012, by Mpire Music Group and Fontana Distribution.	Pain Is Love 2	Mpire Music Group	Fontana Distribution
record label	``Say You'll Haunt Me'' is the second single from alternative metal band Stone Sour's third album Audio Secrecy which was released on September 7, 2010 via Roadrunner Records.	Say You'll Haunt Me	Roadrunner Records
record label	Kids in the Street is the fourth studio album by American rock band The All-American Rejects, released March 26, 2012 by Interscope Records.	Kids in the Street	Interscope Records
record label	``Too Funky'' is a song written and performed by English singer George Michael and released by Columbia Records in the United States and Epic Records elsewhere in 1992.	Too Funky	Columbia Records
record label	Stay Afraid is the second full-length album from Parts & Labor, released in 2006 on Jagjaguwar Records.	Stay Afraid	Jagjaguwar
record label	Ichabod and I is the debut album by British indie rock band The Boo Radleys, released in 1990 on the indie label Action Records.	Ichabod and I	Action Records
record label	Action/in/Inaction is the third album by the Baltimore-based band Telesma.	Action/in/Inaction	Telesma
record label	I Don't Want to Grow Up is the second album by the American punk rock band the Descendents, released in 1985 through New Alliance Records.	I Don't Want to Grow Up	New Alliance Records
record label	Field Manual is the debut solo album by Death Cab for Cutie guitarist Chris Walla, released on January 29, 2008 on Barsuk Records.	Field Manual	Barsuk Records
record label	Goes on a Field Trip is the second and final album by Canadian pop punk band LiveonRelease, released by Her Royal Majesty's Records in January 2003 (see 2003 in music).	Goes on a Field Trip	Her Royal Majesty's Records
record label	What Happens in Hell, Stays in Hell is the eighth studio album by the psychobilly band the Nekromantix, released August 2, 2011 through Hellcat Records.	What Happens in Hell, Stays in Hell	Hellcat Records
record label	A Polydor Records promotional video was recorded at the Olympic Studios in Barnes, supposedly of the band actually recording ``My Friend Stan''.	My Friend Stan	Polydor Records
record label	Baby's Got a Gun is the third and final studio album by English power pop band The Only Ones, released in 1980 by Epic Records.	Baby's Got a Gun	Epic Records
record label	Ringing in the Sane is the debut studio album and third release from Australian rock band The Hot Lies, released through Liberation Music on 15 September 2007.	Ringing in the Sane	Liberation Music
record label	Catch a Fire, released on 13 April 1973, is the fifth album by Jamaican reggae band The Wailers, and the first the band released on Island Records.	Catch a Fire	Island Records
record label	Profiled is an interview album by English rock band Led Zeppelin, released by Atlantic Records on 21 September 1990.	Profiled	Atlantic Records
record label	Music for Men is the fourth studio album by the American band Gossip, released in 2009 by Columbia Records.	Music for Men	Columbia Records
record label	Trompe le Monde is the fourth studio album by the American alternative rock band Pixies, released in 1991 on the English independent record label 4AD in the United Kingdom and by Elektra Records in the United States.	Trompe le Monde	4AD
record label	MGM Records released ``Lovesick Blues'' in February 1949, and it became an overnight success, quickly reaching number one on Billboard's Top C&W singles and number 24 on the Most Played in Jukeboxes list.	Lovesick Blues	MGM Records
record label	Common Dreads is the second studio album by Enter Shikari released on June 15, 2009 and June 16 in the US.	Common Dreads	Enter Shikari
record label	Kill Your Own is the third studio album by British-based rock band Hundred Reasons, released on 20 March 2006, on V2 Records.	Kill Your Own	V2 Records
record label	The R.E.D. Album is the fourth studio album by the American rapper Game; it was released on August 23, 2011, by DGC Records and Interscope Records.	The R.E.D. Album	DGC Records	Interscope Records
record label	(Amy Holland's husband Michael McDonald would remake ``Ain't Nothing Like the Real Thing'' for his 2003 album Motown.)	Ain't Nothing Like the Real Thing	Motown
record label	Long Live the Loud is the third studio album by the Canadian speed metal band Exciter, released through Music for Nations in 1985 and re-released through Megaforce Records in March 2005 with the EP Feel the Knife.	Long Live the Loud	Music for Nations
record label	Elevator Madness is an album by New Zealand composer Peter Jefferies, released on October 22, 1996 through Emperor Jones.	Elevator Madness	Emperor Jones
record label	The Best of Type O Negative is an album from Roadrunner Records, featuring a collection of Type O Negative's music with the label.	The Best of Type O Negative	Roadrunner Records
record label	Skate Board Park is a jazz album by Joe Farrell on the Xanadu Records label.	Skate Board Park	Xanadu Records
record label	Abysmal Evenings is the ninth album by composer Paul Schütze, released in 1996 through Virgin Records.	Abysmal Evenings	Virgin Records
record label	``We Came to Dance'' is the final single from Ultravox's sixth studio album Quartet (the third studio album recorded with singer Midge Ure), recorded in Air Studios, London and released on Chrysalis Records on 18 April 1983.	We Came to Dance	Chrysalis Records
record label	``So Insane'' is the second promo single from Smash Mouth's 2006 album, Summer Girl.	So Insane	Smash Mouth
record label	Ice Upon the Night was especially marketed to Benelux countries, Germany and Switzerland, and to the United States and Canada through Facedown Records that issued the album with a different, wintry cover.	Ice Upon the Night	Facedown Records
record label	Hooked on Classics is an album by Louis Clark and the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, published in 1981 by K-tel and distributed by RCA Records, part of the Hooked on Classics series.	Hooked on Classics	K-tel
record label	Take a Bite is the seventh studio album by British heavy metal band, Girlschool, released by GWR Records in 1988.	Take a Bite	GWR Records
record label	The Art of Breaking is the third studio album by Christian rock band Thousand Foot Krutch that was released by Tooth & Nail Records in July 2005.	The Art of Breaking	Tooth & Nail Records
record label	Surfaces of a Broken Marching Band is Ezekiel Honig's fifth album, released October 27, 2008 by Anticipate Recordings.	Surfaces of a Broken Marching Band	Anticipate Recordings
record label	Gatorhythms is a blues album by Marcia Ball; it was released in 1989 by Rounder Records.	Gatorhythms	Rounder Records
record label	Mann Made is the second studio album by British beat/R&B group Manfred Mann, released by His Master's Voice in October 1965.	Mann Made	His Master's Voice
record label	God's Fury is the third studio album from the hip hop duo OuterSpace, released on September 30, 2008, by Babygrande Records.	God's Fury	Babygrande Records
record label	The Lemon of Pink is the second album by American musical duo The Books, released October 7, 2003 on the Tomlab record label.	The Lemon of Pink	Tomlab
record label	En ny tid är här... is an album by Swedish rock band November released in 1970 on Sonet Records.	En ny tid är här...	Sonet Records
record label	Love & Gravity would go on to be released on July 29, 1997 under the Arista Nashville label.	Love & Gravity	Arista Nashville
record label	The Streetsweeper, Vol. 2 is the second album by American DJ, DJ Kay Slay, released on March 30, 2004 through Columbia Records.	The Streetsweeper, Vol. 2	Columbia Records
record label	A Million Lights is the third studio album by English recording artist Cheryl Cole, released on 15 June 2012 through Fascination Records.	A Million Lights	Fascination Records
record label	Saint and Blurry is an album by John Hegley released in 1993 by Rykodisc.	Saint and Blurry	Rykodisc
record label	A Sphere in the Heart of Silence is a collaborative studio album by John Frusciante and Josh Klinghoffer, released on November 23, 2004 on Record Collection.	A Sphere in the Heart of Silence	Record Collection
record label	``Keep On Lovin' Me Honey'' is a 1968 hit written and produced by Nickolas Ashford & Valerie Simpson, and issued as a single on Motown Records' Tamla label by Marvin Gaye and Tammi Terrell.	Keep On Lovin' Me Honey	Motown
record label	Dinner in Caracas is the name of a 33-RPM LP album by Venezuelan composer/arranger/conductor Aldemaro Romero, released in 1955, under contract with RCA Victor.	Dinner in Caracas	RCA
record label	Double Trios is a 1986 album by jazz pianist McCoy Tyner released on the Denon label.	Double Trios	Denon
record label	Within My Walls is The Idan Raichel Project's second international release, off US-based label, Cumbancha.	Within My Walls	Cumbancha
record label	Old Brush Arbors is an album by American country music artist George Jones released in 1965 on the Musicor Records label.	Old Brush Arbors	Musicor Records
record label	Hudson River Wind Meditations is the twentieth solo album by Lou Reed, a collection of meditational music on the Sounds True record label.	Hudson River Wind Meditations	Sounds True
record label	The Best Rapper on the Scene is a studio album by rapper Kurtis Blow, released in 1983 on Mercury Records.	The Best Rapper on the Scene	Mercury Records
record label	Rumors and Headlines is the third full-length album by Californian punk rock group One Man Army, released in 2002 by BYO Records.	Rumors and Headlines	BYO Records
record label	``Love Me Now or Love Me Later'' is a 1980 song recorded by singer Marvin Gaye, who issued it on his final Motown release, In Our Lifetime, in 1981.	Love Me Now or Love Me Later	Motown
record label	For the success of The Colour of Spring, EMI rewarded Talk Talk with an open budget and schedule for the recording of their next album, Spirit of Eden.	Spirit of Eden	EMI
record label	Emergency & I is a 1999 album by American indie rock band The Dismemberment Plan, issued on DeSoto Records.	Emergency & I	DeSoto Records
record label	Waiter, Make Mine Blues is a vocal jazz album by Anita O'Day released in April 1961 on Verve Records.	Waiter, Make Mine Blues	Verve Records
record label	Da REAList is the third studio album by American rapper Plies, released by Atlantic Records on December 16, 2008 in North America.	Da REAList	Atlantic Records
record label	Ryde or Die Vol. 2 is a compilation album from American hip hop record label Ruff Ryders Entertainment, released on July 4, 2000.	Ryde or Die Vol. 2	Ruff Ryders Entertainment
record label	``The Love I Saw in You Was Just a Mirage'' is a 1967 song recorded by the American R&B group The Miracles on Motown Records' Tamla label.	The Love I Saw in You Was Just a Mirage	Motown
record label	Inside the Electric Circus is the third studio album by heavy metal band W.A.S.P., released in October 1986 through Capitol Records; a remastered edition featuring two bonus tracks was reissued in 1997 through Snapper Music.	Inside the Electric Circus	Capitol Records
record label	Gem and I is the twelfth studio album by Emm Gryner, released September 21, 2010 on Dead Daisy Records in Canada and Second Motion Records in the United States.	Gem and I	Dead Daisy Records
record label	After leaving Specialty Records Little Richard returned to ``Good Golly, Miss Molly'' many times.	Good Golly, Miss Molly	Specialty Records
record label	Cruel to Be Young is indie band Jonezetta's second full-length album, which was released on September 16, 2008 through Tooth & Nail Records.	Cruel to Be Young	Tooth & Nail Records
record label	Miss Show Business is a studio album by Judy Garland, released in 1955 through Capitol Records.	Miss Show Business	Capitol Records
record label	Overpowered is the second solo studio album by Irish singer-songwriter Róisín Murphy, released on 11 October 2007 by EMI.	Overpowered	EMI
record label	The earliest single version of ``I Don't Know How to Love Him'' was that cut by Karen Wyman an artist on the roster of MCA/Decca Records the label of release for the original Jesus Christ Superstar album:	I Don't Know How to Love Him	Decca Records
record label	``Cake by the Ocean'' is the debut single by American pop-rock band DNCE, released on September 18, 2015, through Republic Records.	Cake by the Ocean	Republic Records
record label	Power, Corruption & Lies is the second studio album by the English rock band New Order, released in May 1983 on Factory Records.	Power, Corruption & Lies	Factory Records
record label	Flight of the Blue Jay is an album by Paul Motian released on the German Winter & Winter label in 1997 and featuring performances of bebop jazz standards by Motian with the Electric Bebop Band.	Flight of the Blue Jay	Winter & Winter
record label	Emission Phase is the third full-length studio album by the band Detonation and was released by the French label Osmose Productions.	Emission Phase	Osmose Productions
record label	Megalithic Symphony is the debut studio album by American electronic rock band Awolnation, released on March 15, 2011 through Red Bull Records.	Megalithic Symphony	Red Bull Records
record label	In 1979, Musselwhite recorded The Harmonica According to Charlie Musselwhite in London for Kicking Mule Records, intended to go with an instructional book; the album itself became so popular that it has been released on CD.	Charlie Musselwhite	Kicking Mule Records
record label	Easy Action is the second studio album by Alice Cooper's band, released by Straight Records in March 1970.	Easy Action	Straight Records
record label	Don't Know How to Party was The Mighty Mighty Bosstones' major label debut on Mercury Records, their first venture away from their original label Taang!	Don't Know How to Party	Mercury Records
record label	Delired Cameleon Family is a progressive rock album by the group of the same name, released in 1975 on EMI Records in France.	Delired Cameleon Family	EMI Records
record label	Re-Arrange Us is the fifth album by American indie pop band Mates of State, on Barsuk Records, released on May 20, 2008.	Re-Arrange Us	Barsuk Records
record label	Recorded at band member Ken Olden's home, Value Driven was released by Cappo's record label, Supersoul in the U.S., Epitaph Records in Europe, and Pinhead Records in South America.	Value Driven	Epitaph Records
record label	I Can Hear the Heart Beating as One is the eighth studio album by the American indie rock band Yo La Tengo, released on April 22, 1997, by Matador Records.	I Can Hear the Heart Beating as One	Matador Records
record label	Magic Christian Music is the debut album by the British rock band Badfinger, released in early 1970 on Apple Records.	Magic Christian Music	Apple Records
record label	Do You Want More?!!!??! is the second studio album by American hip hop band The Roots, released January 17, 1995 on DGC Records.	Do You Want More?!!!??!	DGC Records
record label	Chopper City in the Ghetto is the fifth studio album by American rapper B.G. released April 20, 1999, on Cash Money Records and Universal.	Chopper City in the Ghetto	Cash Money Records
screenwriter	Oi Thalassies oi Hadres (Greek: Οι Θαλασσιές οι Χάντρες, The Blue Beads) is a 1967 Greek musical film, directed by Giannis Dalianidis and starring Zoe Laskari, Kostas Voutsas, Martha Karagianni, Faidon Georgitsis, Giannis Vogiatzis and Mary Chronopoulou.	Oi Thalassies oi Hadres	Giannis Dalianidis
screenwriter	Seven Years Bad Luck is a 1921 American comedy film written and directed by, and starring Max Linder.	Seven Years Bad Luck	Max Linder
screenwriter	Klondike Annie is a 1936 black-and-white comedy drama film starring Mae West and Victor McLaglen.	Klondike Annie	Mae West
screenwriter	21 Grams is a 2003 American drama film directed by Mexican director Alejandro González Iñárritu from a screenplay written by Guillermo Arriaga.	21 Grams	Guillermo Arriaga
screenwriter	The episode is based on the short story ``The Revelations of Becka Paulson'' by Stephen King, first published in 1984.	The Revelations of Becka Paulson	Stephen King
screenwriter	Where the Money Is is a 2000 film directed by Marek Kanievska, written by E. Max Frye, and starring Paul Newman, Linda Fiorentino, and Dermot Mulroney.	Where the Money Is	E. Max Frye
screenwriter	Company Business is a 1991 spy film, written and directed by Nicholas Meyer and starring Gene Hackman and Mikhail Baryshnikov.	Company Business	Nicholas Meyer
screenwriter	A Heavy Heart (German: Herbert) is a 2015 German drama film directed by Thomas Stuber.	A Heavy Heart	Thomas Stuber
screenwriter	Nya hyss av Emil i Lönneberga is a 1972 Swedish film, the second of three films about the Emil i Lönneberga by Astrid Lindgren.	Nya hyss av Emil i Lönneberga	Astrid Lindgren
screenwriter	Kiss Me, Stupid is a 1964 American comedy film directed by Billy Wilder and starring Dean Martin, Kim Novak, and Ray Walston.	Kiss Me, Stupid	Billy Wilder
screenwriter	Wild Cactus is a 1993 thriller/erotic film directed by Jag Mundhra.	Wild Cactus	Jag Mundhra
screenwriter	Blind Chance (Polish: Przypadek) is a Polish film written and directed by Krzysztof Kieślowski and starring Bogusław Linda.	Blind Chance	Krzysztof Kieślowski
screenwriter	Brudebuketten (English: The Bridal Bouquet) is a 1953 Norwegian comedy film directed by Bjørn Breigutu, starring Randi Kolstad, Lalla Carlsen and Per Aabel.	Brudebuketten	Bjørn Breigutu
screenwriter	The Devil's Eye (Swedish: Djävulens öga) is a 1960 Swedish fantasy-comedy film written and directed by Ingmar Bergman.	The Devil's Eye	Ingmar Bergman
screenwriter	Before the Winter Chill (French: Avant l'hiver) is a 2013 French drama film directed by Philippe Claudel.	Before the Winter Chill	Philippe Claudel
screenwriter	The True Story of Eskimo Nell (when screened in the United Kingdom, retitled Dick Down Under) is a 1975 Australian comedy film produced, directed, and written by Richard Franklin, and starring Max Gillies as Deadeye Dick and Serge Lazareff as Mexico Pete.	The True Story of Eskimo Nell	Richard Franklin
screenwriter	Revenge of Black Eagle (Italian: La Vendetta di Aquila Nera, released in UK as Revenge of the Black Eagle) is a 1951 Italian adventure film directed by Riccardo Freda.	Revenge of Black Eagle	Riccardo Freda
screenwriter	The film begins at a meeting of the Sons of the Desert, a fraternal lodge (styled to resemble the Shriners) of which both Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy are members.	Sons of the Desert	Stan Laurel
screenwriter	Super Size Me is a 2004 American documentary film directed by and starring Morgan Spurlock, an American independent filmmaker.	Super Size Me	Morgan Spurlock
screenwriter	Teaching Mrs. Tingle is a 1999 dark comedy-thriller film and the directing debut of screenwriter Kevin Williamson, who wrote Scream and Scream 2 also from Dimension Films.	Teaching Mrs. Tingle	Kevin Williamson
screenwriter	Et la lumière fut (internationally released as And Then There Was Light) is a 1989 French drama film written and directed by Otar Iosseliani.	And Then There Was Light	Otar Iosseliani
screenwriter	The Final Destination (also known as Final Destination 4) is a 2009 American horror film written by Eric Bress and directed by David R. Ellis, both of whom also worked on Final Destination 2.	The Final Destination	Eric Bress
screenwriter	Red Wood Pigeon (Italian: Palombella rossa) is a 1989 Italian comedy drama film written and directed by Nanni Moretti.	Red Wood Pigeon	Nanni Moretti
screenwriter	The Idlers of the Fertile Valley (Greek: Οι Τεμπέληδες της εύφορης κοιλάδας; Oi tembelides tis eforis koiladas) is a Greek film directed by Nikos Panayotopoulos.	The Idlers of the Fertile Valley	Nikos Panayotopoulos
screenwriter	Goat Story - The Old Prague Legends (Czech: Kozí příběh - pověsti staré Prahy) is a 2008 Czech and East Europe 3D computer adult animated fantasy comedy feature film written by David Sláma, produced by Karl T. Hirsch, directed by Jan Tománek with music by David Solař and animated by Art And Animation studio.	Goat Story	Jan Tománek
screenwriter	La moglie in bianco... l'amante al pepe is a 1980 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini.	La moglie in bianco... l'amante al pepe	Michele Massimo Tarantini
screenwriter	Farewell, Home Sweet Home (French: Adieu, plancher des vaches!) is a 1999 French comedy film directed by Otar Iosseliani.	Farewell, Home Sweet Home	Otar Iosseliani
screenwriter	Dead Men Don't Make Shadows, aka Stranger That Kneels Beside the Shadow of a Corpse (in original Italian: Inginocchiati straniero... I cadaveri non fanno ombra!) is a 1970 spaghetti western directed by Demofilo Fidani.	Dead Men Don't Make Shadows	Demofilo Fidani
screenwriter	World's Greatest Dad is a 2009 American satirical black comedy film written and directed by Bobcat Goldthwait.	World's Greatest Dad	Bobcat Goldthwait
screenwriter	He Laughed Last is a 1956 Technicolor film by Blake Edwards.	He Laughed Last	Blake Edwards
screenwriter	Genealogies of a Crime (French: Généalogies d'un crime, Portuguese: Genealogias de um Crime) is a 1997 French-Portuguese film directed by Raúl Ruiz.	Genealogies of a Crime	Raúl Ruiz
screenwriter	The Stealers is a 1920 American silent film directed by Christy Cabanne.	The Stealers	Christy Cabanne
screenwriter	Sweet Hours (Dulces horas) is a Spanish film, written and directed by Carlos Saura and released in 1982.	Sweet Hours (Dulces horas)	Carlos Saura
screenwriter	Asterix & Obelix Take On Caesar (French: Astérix & Obélix contre César, Asterix & Obelix vs. Caesar in some regions) is a 1999 feature film directed by Claude Zidi, the first of what went on to become a series of live-action films based on Goscinny and Uderzo's Astérix comics.	Asterix & Obelix Take On Caesar	Claude Zidi
screenwriter	Body Double is a 1984 American erotic thriller film co-written and directed by Brian De Palma and starring Craig Wasson, Melanie Griffith, Deborah Shelton and Gregg Henry.	Body Double	Brian De Palma
screenwriter	``A Saucer of Loneliness'' is a short story by Theodore Sturgeon which first appeared in Galaxy Science Fiction in N°27 (February 1953).	A Saucer of Loneliness	Theodore Sturgeon
screenwriter	Hirak Rajar Deshe (Bengali: হীরক রাজার দেশে Hirok Rajar Deshe, lit. ``in the land of the Diamond King''. English title: Kingdom of Diamonds, 1980) is the sequel to 1969 film Goopy Gyne Bagha Byne and the second installment of Goopy Gyne Bagha Byne series directed by Satyajit Ray.	Hirak Rajar Deshe	Satyajit Ray
screenwriter	Pierrot le Fou (pronounced: (pjɛʁo lə fu), French for ``Pierrot the madman'') is a 1965 French film directed by Jean-Luc Godard, starring Anna Karina and Jean-Paul Belmondo.	Pierrot le Fou	Jean-Luc Godard
screenwriter	Totò and Carolina (Italian: Totò e Carolina) is a 1955 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli and starring Totò.	Totò and Carolina	Mario Monicelli
screenwriter	Death of a Superhero is a 2011 Irish drama film based on the New Zealand novel of the same name by Anthony McCarten.	Death of a Superhero	Anthony McCarten
screenwriter	Brudeferden i Hardanger (Norwegian: The bridal procession in Hardanger) is a 1926 Norwegian silent drama film directed by Rasmus Breistein, starring Aase Bye.	Brudeferden i Hardanger	Rasmus Breistein
screenwriter	48 Hrs. is a 1982 American action comedy film directed by Walter Hill, starring Nick Nolte and Eddie Murphy (in his film debut and Golden Globe Award-nominated role) as a cop and convict, respectively, who team up to catch a cop-killer.	48 Hrs.	Walter Hill
screenwriter	Un caso di coscienza (Italian for A matter of conscience) is a 1970 Italian comedy-drama film written and directed by Giovanni Grimaldi.	Un caso di coscienza	Giovanni Grimaldi
screenwriter	Olympic Garage (Spanish: Garage Olimpo) is a 1999 Argentine drama film, directed by Marco Bechis.	Olympic Garage	Marco Bechis
screenwriter	The Staffan Stolle Story (Swedish: Ratataa) is a 1956 Swedish musical comedy film directed by Hasse Ekman.	The Staffan Stolle Story	Hasse Ekman
screenwriter	It Happened Here (also known as It Happened Here: The Story of Hitler's England) is a black-and white 1964 British World War II film written, produced and directed by Kevin Brownlow and Andrew Mollo, who began work on the film as teenagers.	It Happened Here	Kevin Brownlow
screenwriter	Stars Over Broadway is a 1935 American musical film directed by William Keighley and written by Jerry Wald, Julius J. Epstein and Pat C. Flick.	Stars Over Broadway	Julius J. Epstein
screenwriter	You're a Big Boy Now is a 1966 film written and directed by Francis Ford Coppola about an upper-middle-class young man's coming of age in 1960s Manhattan.	You're a Big Boy Now	Francis Ford Coppola
screenwriter	The Other Side of the Wind is an unfinished film directed by Orson Welles, shot between 1970 and 1976.	The Other Side of the Wind	Orson Welles
screenwriter	Tight Spot is a 1955 American film noir directed by Phil Karlson and written by William Bowers, based on the play Dead Pigeon, by Leonard Kantor.	Tight Spot	William Bowers
screenwriter	Masumiyet (English: Innocence) is a 1997 Turkish dramatic film directed by Zeki Demirkubuz and starring Derya Alabora, Haluk Bilginer and Güven Kıraç.	Masumiyet	Zeki Demirkubuz
screenwriter	Where the Green Ants Dream (German: Wo die grünen Ameisen träumen) is a 1984 film by German film director Werner Herzog.	Where the Green Ants Dream	Werner Herzog
screenwriter	Struggle for Eagle Peak (Norwegian: Venner) is a 1960 Norwegian crime film directed by Tancred Ibsen.	Struggle for Eagle Peak	Tancred Ibsen
screenwriter	Between Strangers is a 2002 film, written and directed by Edoardo Ponti, son of Sophia Loren, the first time they worked together.	Between Strangers	Edoardo Ponti
screenwriter	Poovizhi Vasalile is a 1987 Indian Tamil Suspense thriller film, directed by Fazil, starring Sathyaraj and Sujitha in lead roles.	Poovizhi Vasalile	Fazil
screenwriter	Verboten! is a 1959 film written, produced and directed by Samuel Fuller.	Verboten!	Samuel Fuller
screenwriter	There's Something About Mary is a 1998 comedy film, directed by the Farrelly brothers, Bobby and Peter.	There's Something About Mary	Farrelly brothers
screenwriter	Night at the Crossroads (French: La Nuit du carrefour) is a 1932 film by Jean Renoir based on the novel of the same title (known in English as Maigret at the Crossroads) by Georges Simenon and starring Renoir's brother Pierre Renoir as Simenon's popular detective, Inspector Maigret.	Night at the Crossroads	Jean Renoir
screenwriter	The Sicilian Connection (Italian: Afyon oppio, French: Action héroïne, also known as The Opium Connection and La filière) is a 1972 Italian-French crime-thriller film directed by Ferdinando Baldi.	The Sicilian Connection	Ferdinando Baldi
screenwriter	Pusher II (also known as Pusher II: With Blood on My Hands) is a 2004 Danish crime film written and directed by Nicolas Winding Refn.	Pusher II	Nicolas Winding Refn
screenwriter	The Fairy and the Waif is a 1915 silent drama film directed by Marie Hubert Frohman and George Irving.	The Fairy and the Waif	Marie Hubert Frohman
screenwriter	Shell 43 is a 1916 American war film written by C. Gardner Sullivan and starring H.B. Warner and Enid Markey.	Shell 43	C. Gardner Sullivan
screenwriter	La Scoumoune (``Bad luck'') is a 1972 French film directed by José Giovanni, starring Jean Paul Belmondo, Claudia Cardinale and Michel Constantin.	La Scoumoune	José Giovanni
screenwriter	The Three Must-Get-Theres is a 1922 American silent film directed by Max Linder.	The Three Must-Get-Theres	Max Linder
screenwriter	April Story (Japanese and Chinese: 四月物語) is a Japanese short film directed by Shunji Iwai starring Takako Matsu.	April Story	Shunji Iwai
screenwriter	Bad Lieutenant is a 1992 American neo-noir crime drama film directed by Abel Ferrara.	Bad Lieutenant	Abel Ferrara
screenwriter	Hugo Pool (also known as Pool Girl in the UK) is a 1997 American romantic comedy film, directed by Robert Downey, Sr., starring Alyssa Milano and Patrick Dempsey.	Hugo Pool	Robert Downey, Sr.
screenwriter	Satan's Brew (German: Satansbraten) is a 1976 German film directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder.	Satan's Brew	Rainer Werner Fassbinder
screenwriter	Abenteuer in Bamsdorf is an East German adventure film directed by Konrad Petzold.	Abenteuer in Bamsdorf	Konrad Petzold
screenwriter	About Adam is a 2000 romantic comedy film written and directed by Gerard Stembridge.	About Adam	Gerard Stembridge
screenwriter	The Other is a 1972 psychological thriller film directed by Robert Mulligan, adapted for film by Tom Tryon from his novel of the same name.	The Other	Tom Tryon
screenwriter	A Ship Bound for India (Swedish: Skepp till Indialand) is a 1947 Swedish film directed by Ingmar Bergman.	A Ship Bound for India	Ingmar Bergman
screenwriter	Waiting for Woody is a 1998 Grant Heslov-directed drama short film.	Waiting for Woody	Grant Heslov
screenwriter	Solomon & Gaenor (Welsh: Solomon a Gaenor) is a BAFTA Awarded and Academy nominated Welsh film released in 1999 and directed by Paul Morrison.	Solomon & Gaenor	Paul Morrison
screenwriter	The film is based on the Auguste Le Breton novel, Du rififi chez les femmes, published in 1957 and reprinted in 2010.	Du rififi chez les femmes	Auguste Le Breton
screenwriter	Cruiser Emden (German: Kreuzer Emden) is a 1932 German war film directed by Louis Ralph and starring Ralph, Renée Stobrawa, Hans Schlenck and Werner Fuetterer.	Cruiser Emden	Louis Ralph
screenwriter	Abuse of Weakness (French: Abus de faiblesse) is a 2013 semi-autobiographical film written and directed by Catherine Breillat.	Abuse of Weakness	Catherine Breillat
screenwriter	Marguerite & Julien (French: Marguerite et Julien) is a 2015 French drama film directed by Valérie Donzelli about a brother and sister involved in an incestuous relationship.	Marguerite & Julien	Valérie Donzelli
screenwriter	Souvenirs, Souvenirs is a 1984 French comedy film directed by Ariel Zeitoun.	Souvenirs, Souvenirs	Ariel Zeitoun
screenwriter	A Moment of Innocence (Persian: نون و گلدون‎, Nūn o goldūn) is a 1996 film directed by Mohsen Makhmalbaf.	A Moment of Innocence	Mohsen Makhmalbaf
screenwriter	BASEketball is a 1998 American sports comedy film co-written and directed by David Zucker and starring South Park creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone, along with Dian Bachar, Robert Vaughn, Ernest Borgnine, Yasmine Bleeth and Jenny McCarthy.	BASEketball	David Zucker
screenwriter	Goliath at the Conquest of Damascus (Italian: Golia alla conquista di Bagdad) is a 1965 Italian peplum film directed by Domenico Paolella.	Goliath at the Conquest of Damascus	Domenico Paolella
screenwriter	The Charles Bukowski Tapes are a collection of short interviews with the American writer/poet Charles Bukowski, filmed and assembled by Barbet Schroeder and first published in 1987 in the USA.	The Charles Bukowski Tapes	Barbet Schroeder
screenwriter	Why Did I Get Married? is a 2007 comedy-drama film adaptation written, produced, directed, and starring Tyler Perry, which was inspired by his play of the same name.	Why Did I Get Married?	Tyler Perry
screenwriter	No Minor Vices is a 1948 American black-and-white comedy film written by Arnold Manoff and directed by Lewis Milestone with Robert Aldrich as 1st assistant director.	No Minor Vices	Arnold Manoff
screenwriter	Domani mi sposo (also known as Tomorrow I'm Getting Married) is a 1984 Italian romantic comedy film directed by Francesco Massaro.	Domani mi sposo	Francesco Massaro
screenwriter	Camere da letto (Bedrooms) is a 1997 Italian romantic comedy film written, directed and starred by Simona Izzo.	Camere da letto	Simona Izzo
screenwriter	Kryptonite! (Italian: La kryptonite nella borsa) is a 2011 Italian comedy film directed by Ivan Cotroneo.	Kryptonite!	Ivan Cotroneo
screenwriter	Rynox was adapted from a novel by popular thriller writer of the day Philip MacDonald.	Rynox	Philip MacDonald
screenwriter	The Favourite Son (original title: Le Fils préféré) is a 1994 French drama film directed by Nicole Garcia and written by François Dupeyron, Jacques Fieschi and Garcia.	The Favourite Son	Nicole Garcia	François Dupeyron	Jacques Fieschi
screenwriter	No Names on the Doors (Hebrew: אין שמות על הדלתות) is a 1997 Israeli drama directed by Nadav Levitan.	No Names on the Doors	Nadav Levitan
screenwriter	Paths of Glory is a 1957 American anti-war film by Stanley Kubrick based on the novel of the same name by Humphrey Cobb.	Paths of Glory	Stanley Kubrick	Humphrey Cobb
screenwriter	That Night in Varennes (Italian: Il mondo nuovo; French: La Nuit de Varennes) is a 1982 Italian and French drama film directed by Ettore Scola.	That Night in Varennes	Ettore Scola
screenwriter	Murai Maman is a 1995 Tamil language comedy film directed by newcomer Sundar C..	Murai Maman	Sundar C.
screenwriter	Camera d'albergo is a 1981 Italian comedy film written and directed by Mario Monicelli.	Camera d'albergo	Mario Monicelli
screenwriter	The Whisperers is a 1967 British drama film directed by Bryan Forbes, based on the 1961 novel by Robert Nicolson, and starring Edith Evans.	The Whisperers	Bryan Forbes
screenwriter	Revolution My A (Danish: Rend mig i revolutionen) is a 1970 Danish film directed by Erik Balling and starring Ove Sprogøe.	Revolution My A	Erik Balling
screenwriter	The Paradine Case is a 1947 American film noir courtroom drama film, set in England, directed by Alfred Hitchcock and produced by David O. Selznick.	The Paradine Case	David O. Selznick
screenwriter	Merciless Man (Italian: Genova a mano armata) is a 1976 crime film directed by Mario Lanfranchi and starring Tony Lo Bianco.	Merciless Man	Mario Lanfranchi
screenwriter	Helsinki Napoli All Night Long (also released as Helsinki -- Napoli) is a gangster-comedy film written, directed and produced by Mika Kaurismäki.	Helsinki Napoli All Night Long	Mika Kaurismäki
screenwriter	Hell Ride is a 2008 American action/neo-outlaw biker film written and directed by Larry Bishop and starring Bishop, Michael Madsen, Dennis Hopper, Eric Balfour, Vinnie Jones, Leonor Varela and David Carradine.	Hell Ride	Larry Bishop
screenwriter	Don't Sting the Mosquito (Italian: Non stuzzicate la zanzara) is a 1967 Italian musicarello film directed by Lina Wertmüller (under the stage name George H. Brown).	Don't Sting the Mosquito	Lina Wertmüller
screenwriter	A History of Violence is a 2005 American crime thriller film directed by David Cronenberg and written by Josh Olson.	A History of Violence	Josh Olson
screenwriter	See How They Fall (French: Regarde les hommes tomber) is a 1994 film directed by Jacques Audiard.	See How They Fall	Jacques Audiard
screenwriter	The Dark Glow of the Mountains (Gasherbrum - Der Leuchtende Berg) is a TV documentary made in 1984 by German filmmaker Werner Herzog.	The Dark Glow of the Mountains	Werner Herzog
screenwriter	Always the Woman is a 1922 American silent romance drama film produced by and starring Betty Compson and directed by Arthur Rosson.	Always the Woman	Arthur Rosson
screenwriter	Rosario Tijeras is a 2005 Colombian film and 2010 TV series based on the book of the same name written by Jorge Franco.	Rosario Tijeras	Jorge Franco
screenwriter	Dracula 3D is a 2012 Italian-French-Spanish horror film directed by Dario Argento and starring Thomas Kretschmann and Rutger Hauer.	Dracula 3D	Dario Argento
screenwriter	Acción mutante is a 1993 Spanish science fiction black comedy film co-written and directed by Álex de la Iglesia and produced by, among others, Pedro Almodóvar.	Acción mutante	Álex de la Iglesia
screenwriter	Liquirizia (Italian for ``Liquorice'') is a 1979 Italian teen comedy film written and directed by Salvatore Samperi and starring Christian De Sica , Barbara Bouchet, Jenny Tamburi, Teo Teocoli and Tino Schirinzi.	Liquirizia	Salvatore Samperi
screenwriter	Samoa, Queen of the Jungle (Italian: Samoa, regina della giungla) is a 1968 Italian adventure film directed by Guido Malatesta.	Samoa, Queen of the Jungle	Guido Malatesta
screenwriter	Marielena is a Spanish-language telenovela written by Delia Fiallo.	Marielena	Delia Fiallo
screenwriter	Nazi Love Camp 27 (Italian: La svastica nel ventre) is a 1977 Italian Nazi exploitation film by western director Mario Caiano starring Sirpa Lane.	Nazi Love Camp 27	Mario Caiano
screenwriter	Difficult Years (Italian: Anni difficili) is a 1948 Italian drama film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Umberto Spadaro, adapted from the 1946 short story Vecchio con gli stivali (``Old Man in Boots''), by the Sicilian author Vitaliano Brancati.	Difficult Years	Vitaliano Brancati
screenwriter	Den vita stenen (``The White Stone'') is a 1964 Swedish children's book written by Gunnel Linde.	Den vita stenen	Gunnel Linde
screenwriter	Three O'Clock High is a 1987 high-school comedy film, directed by Phil Joanou, written by Richard Christian Matheson and Thomas Szollosi; the executive producer was Aaron Spelling.	Three O'Clock High	Richard Christian Matheson
screenwriter	Keïta! l'Héritage du griot (English title: Keita! Voice of the Griot ) is a 1995 Burkinabé drama film directed by Dani Kouyaté and starring Sotigui Kouyaté.	Keïta! l'Héritage du griot	Dani Kouyaté
screenwriter	I due sanculotti (Italian for ``The two sans-culottes'') is a 1966 comedy film written and directed by Giorgio Simonelli.	I due sanculotti	Giorgio Simonelli
screenwriter	Don Giovanni in Sicilia, internationally released as Don Juan in Sicily, is a 1967 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Alberto Lattuada.	Don Juan in Sicily	Alberto Lattuada
screenwriter	Polluting Paradise (German: Der Müll im Garten Eden, also known as Garbage in the Garden of Eden) is a 2012 German documentary film directed by Fatih Akın.	Polluting Paradise	Fatih Akın
screenwriter	What's Up, Tiger Lily? is a 1966 comedy film directed by Woody Allen in his feature-length directorial debut.	What's Up, Tiger Lily?	Woody Allen
screenwriter	Tom Toms of Mayumba (Italian: Tam tam mayumbe) is a 1955 Italian adventure film directed by Gian Gaspare Napolitano.	Tom Toms of Mayumba	Gian Gaspare Napolitano
screenwriter	Bombay Talkie is a 1970 film by Merchant Ivory Productions, with a screenplay by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala and James Ivory.	Bombay Talkie	Ruth Prawer Jhabvala	James Ivory
screenwriter	``Like Father, Like Clown'' was written by the duo of Jay Kogen and Wallace Wolodarsky.	Like Father, Like Clown	Jay Kogen	Wallace Wolodarsky
screenwriter	Le Amiche (English: The Girlfriends) is a 1955 Italian black-and-white drama film directed by Michelangelo Antonioni and starring Eleonora Rossi Drago, Gabriele Ferzetti, Franco Fabrizi, and Valentina Cortese.	Le Amiche	Michelangelo Antonioni
screenwriter	Phantom of the Paradise is a 1974 American musical horror film written and directed by Brian De Palma, and starring Paul Williams, William Finley and Jessica Harper.	Phantom of the Paradise	Brian De Palma
screenwriter	We Are Not Angels (Serbian: Ми нисмо анђели, Mi nismo anđeli) is a 1992 Serbian comedy movie directed by Srđan Dragojević that became one of the most popular films of the 1990s in the region of the former Yugoslavia.	We Are Not Angels	Srđan Dragojević
screenwriter	The Weak and the Wicked (called Young and Willing in the United States) is a 1954 British drama film directed by J. Lee Thompson based on the book by his wife, Joan Henry, starring Glynis Johns, and Diana Dors.	The Weak and the Wicked	J. Lee Thompson
screenwriter	Je t'aime, je t'aime (``I Love You, I Love You'') is a 1968 French science fiction film directed by Alain Resnais from a screenplay by Jacques Sternberg.	Je t'aime, je t'aime	Alain Resnais	Jacques Sternberg
screenwriter	The Song of the Suburbs (Spanish:La Canción de los barrios) is a 1941 Argentine musical film directed by Luis César Amadori and starring Aída Alberti, Alicia Vignoli and Hugo del Carril.	The Song of the Suburbs	Luis César Amadori
screenwriter	Dear Rosie (1990) is a British short subject directed by Peter Cattaneo from a script by Peter Morgan and Mark Wadlow.	Dear Rosie	Peter Morgan
screenwriter	Slums of Beverly Hills is a 1998 American comedy film, written and directed by Tamara Jenkins, and starring Natasha Lyonne, Alan Arkin, Marisa Tomei, David Krumholtz, Kevin Corrigan, Jessica Walter, and Carl Reiner.	Slums of Beverly Hills	Tamara Jenkins
screenwriter	Alex Joffé, José Giovanni, Gabriel Arout, James-Jacques Mage and Auguste Le Breton from his novel Du rififi chez les femmes (1957, Presses de la Cité) Dialogue:	Du rififi chez les femmes	José Giovanni
screenwriter	The Hudsucker Proxy is a 1994 comedy film co-written, produced, and directed by Joel and Ethan Coen.	The Hudsucker Proxy	Ethan Coen
screenwriter	Strogoff is a European adventure film directed in 1970 by Eriprando Visconti.	Strogoff	Eriprando Visconti
screenwriter	Dreamplay (Norwegian: Drømspel) is a 1994 Norwegian drama film directed by Unni Straume.	Dreamplay	Unni Straume
screenwriter	Il merlo maschio (The Male Blackbird), known in United Kingdom as The Naked Cello or Secret Fantasy in USA, is an Italian motion picture, filmed in 1971 by director Pasquale Festa Campanile.	Il merlo maschio	Pasquale Festa Campanile
screenwriter	Idaya Kovil (English: Temple in Heart) is a 1985 Indian Tamil language film directed by Mani Ratnam, starring Mohan, Radha, Ambika and Goundamani.	Idaya Kovil	Mani Ratnam
screenwriter	Golem, the Spirit of the Exile (French: Golem, l'esprit de l'exil, Italian: Golem, Lo spirito dell'esilio, also known as Golem, the Ghost of Exile) is a 1992 drama film directed by Amos Gitai.	Golem, the Spirit of the Exile	Amos Gitai
screenwriter	Four Minutes (German: Vier Minuten), is a 2006 drama film directed by Chris Kraus starring Monica Bleibtreu, Hannah Herzsprung, Sven Pippig, and Richy Müller.	Four Minutes	Chris Kraus
screenwriter	The screenplay was adapted by Henry F. Greenberg from a story by Hall Bartlett and Jerry Paris based on the 1959 novel The Caretakers by Dariel Telfer.	The Caretakers	Hall Bartlett	Jerry Paris
screenwriter	Hotel St. Pauli is a 1988 Norwegian drama film by Svend Wam, based upon the novel ``Jord!'' by Erland Kiøsterud.	Hotel St. Pauli	Svend Wam
screenwriter	Klown (Danish: Klovn - The Movie) is a 2010 Danish comedy film starring Frank Hvam and Casper Christensen and directed by Mikkel Nørgaard.	Klown	Frank Hvam	Casper Christensen	Mikkel Nørgaard
screenwriter	Utt Pataang is a 2011 Bollywood Comedy thriller film, written and directed by Srikanth V. Velagaleti and features Vinay Pathak in a double role alongside, Mahie Gill, Mona Singh and Saurabh Shukla in the leading roles.	Utt Pataang	Saurabh Shukla
screenwriter	Med glorian på sned (English: With the halo askew) is a 1957 Swedish comedy film, directed by Hasse Ekman.	Med glorian på sned	Hasse Ekman
screenwriter	China Is Near (Italian: La Cina è vicina) is a 1967 Italian drama film written and directed by Marco Bellocchio.	China Is Near	Marco Bellocchio
screenwriter	Main Prem Ki Diwani Hoon is a 2003 Bollywood romantic comedy drama film by Sooraj R. Barjatya and a production by Rajshri.	Main Prem Ki Diwani Hoon	Sooraj R. Barjatya
screenwriter	Great Transport (Serbo-Croatian: Veliki transport) is a 1983 Yugoslav drama film directed by Veljko Bulajić.	Great Transport	Veljko Bulajić
screenwriter	Baby Geniuses is a 1999 American family-oriented comedy film directed by Bob Clark.	Baby Geniuses	Bob Clark
screenwriter	But It Isn't Serious (Italian:Ma non è una cosa seria) is a 1921 Italian silent film directed by Augusto Camerini and starring Carmen Boni.	But It Isn't Serious	Augusto Camerini
screenwriter	Ek Doctor Ki Maut (Hindi: एक डॉकटर की मौत, English: Death of a Doctor) is a 1990 award winning film by noted Bengali director Tapan Sinha, which depicts the ostracism, bureaucratic negligence, reprimand and insult of a doctor and his research, instead of recognition.	Ek Doctor Ki Maut	Tapan Sinha
screenwriter	Aranyer Din Ratri (Bengali: অরণ্যের দিনরাত্রি Araṇyēra Dinarātri, Days and Nights in the Forest) is an Indian Bengali adventure drama film released in 1970 and directed by Satyajit Ray.	Aranyer Din Ratri	Satyajit Ray
screenwriter	No One Knows About Persian Cats (Persian: کسی از گربه های ایرانی خبر نداره‎) is a 2009 Iranian film directed by Bahman Ghobadi produced by Wild Bunch.	No One Knows About Persian Cats	Bahman Ghobadi
screenwriter	Captain Fracassa's Journey (Italian: Il viaggio di Capitan Fracassa) is a 1990 Italian comedy film directed by Ettore Scola.	Captain Fracassa's Journey	Ettore Scola
screenwriter	The Cheyenne Social Club is a 1970 Western comedy, written by James Lee Barrett, directed and produced by Gene Kelly, and starring James Stewart, Henry Fonda and Shirley Jones.	The Cheyenne Social Club	James Lee Barrett
screenwriter	The Relentless Four or I quattro inesorabili is a 1965 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Primo Zeglio.	The Relentless Four	Primo Zeglio
screenwriter	La Garce is a 1984 French thriller film directed by Christine Pascal and starring Isabelle Huppert.	La Garce	Christine Pascal
screenwriter	I Married a Witch is a 1942 fantasy romantic comedy film, directed by René Clair, and starring Veronica Lake as a witch whose plan for revenge goes comically awry, with Fredric March as her foil.	I Married a Witch	René Clair
screenwriter	The film was directed by Mike Nichols (his final picture) and written by Aaron Sorkin, who adapted George Crile III's 2003 book Charlie Wilson's War:	Charlie Wilson's War	Aaron Sorkin
screenwriter	The High Sign is a 1921 American short comedy film starring comedian Buster Keaton.	The High Sign	Buster Keaton
screenwriter	A Cottage on Dartmoor (a.k.a. Escape from Dartmoor) is a 1929 British silent film, directed by Anthony Asquith and starring Norah Baring and Uno Henning.	A Cottage on Dartmoor	Anthony Asquith
screenwriter	Bell, Book and Candle is a 1958 American romantic comedy Technicolor film directed by Richard Quine, based on the successful Broadway play by John Van Druten and adapted by Daniel Taradash.	Bell, Book and Candle	Daniel Taradash
screenwriter	The Guidance of Reason (French: La conduite de la Raison) is a short film written and directed by Aliocha.	The Guidance of Reason	Aliocha
screenwriter	One 4 All (Une pour toutes) is a French film directed by Claude Lelouch, released in 1999.	One 4 All	Claude Lelouch
screenwriter	I Am an ESP (Italian: Sono un fenomeno paranormale, also known as I'm a Paranormal Phenomenon) is a 1985 Italian comedy film written and directed by Sergio Corbucci.	I Am an ESP	Sergio Corbucci
screenwriter	Husaren in Berlin is a 1971 East German film directed by Erwin Stranka.	Husaren in Berlin	Erwin Stranka
screenwriter	Tie a Yellow Ribbon is a 2007 award winning film by Korean-American director and writer, Joy Dietrich.	Tie a Yellow Ribbon	Joy Dietrich
screenwriter	Castle of Sand (砂の器 Suna no utsuwa) is a 1974 Japanese police procedural directed by Yoshitarō Nomura, based on the novel Inspector Imanishi Investigates by Seicho Matsumoto.	Castle of Sand	Yoshitarō Nomura
screenwriter	Deathmaker (German: Der Totmacher) is a 1995 German film directed by Romuald Karmakar and starring Götz George, Jürgen Hentsch and Pierre Franckh.	Deathmaker	Romuald Karmakar
screenwriter	3 Seasons in Hell (Czech: 3 sezóny v pekle) is a 2009 Czech film directed by Tomáš Mašín.	3 Seasons in Hell	Tomáš Mašín
screenwriter	Actrices (English: Actresses) is a French comedy-drama film directed by Valeria Bruni Tedeschi, released in 2007.	Actrices	Valeria Bruni Tedeschi
screenwriter	They Have Changed Their Face (Italian: Hanno cambiato faccia) is a 1971 Italian horror film directed by Corrado Farina and starring Adolfo Celi.	They Have Changed Their Face	Corrado Farina
screenwriter	The van Paemel Family (Dutch: Het gezin van Paemel) is a 1986 Belgian historic drama directed by Paul Cammermans, based on a play written by Cyriel Buysse.	The van Paemel Family	Paul Cammermans
screenwriter	You Don't Mess with the Zohan is a 2008 American action comedy film directed by Dennis Dugan and produced by Adam Sandler, who also starred in the film.	You Don't Mess with the Zohan	Adam Sandler
screenwriter	Me, Myself & Irene is a 2000 American dark comedy film directed by the Farrelly brothers, and starring Jim Carrey and Renée Zellweger.	Me, Myself & Irene	Farrelly brothers
screenwriter	Once Upon a Time in the West (Italian: C'era una volta il West) is a 1968 epic Spaghetti Western Technicolor film in Techniscope directed by Sergio Leone.	Once Upon a Time in the West	Sergio Leone
screenwriter	Pan's Labyrinth, originally known in Spanish as El Laberinto del Fauno (The Labyrinth of the Faun), is a 2006 Spanish-Mexican dark fantasy film written and directed by Mexican Guillermo del Toro.	Pan's Labyrinth	Guillermo del Toro
screenwriter	The Great Magician (simplified Chinese: 大魔术师; traditional Chinese: 大魔術師) is a 2011 Hong Kong-Chinese action fantasy-comedy film directed by Derek Yee and starring Tony Leung Chiu-Wai, Lau Ching-wan and Zhou Xun.	The Great Magician	Derek Yee
screenwriter	Into the White (also known as Comrade, Lost in the Snow and Cross of Honour in the United Kingdom) is a film set during the Second World War and directed by Petter Næss.	Into the White	Petter Næss
screenwriter	Say a Word for the Poor Hussar (Russian: О бедном гусаре замолвите слово..., translit. O bednom gusare zamolvite slovo) is a 1981 Soviet film directed by Eldar Ryazanov.	Say a Word for the Poor Hussar	Eldar Ryazanov
screenwriter	Tower Heist is a 2011 American heist comedy film directed by Brett Ratner and written by Ted Griffin and Jeff Nathanson, based on a story by Bill Collage, Adam Cooper and Griffin.	Tower Heist	Ted Griffin	Jeff Nathanson
screenwriter	Nagarik (Bengali: নাগরিক), also spelled as Nagorik, The Citizen in English, was the first feature-length film directed by Indian director Ritwik Ghatak.	Nagarik	Ritwik Ghatak
screenwriter	Brother of Sleep (German: Schlafes Bruder) is a 1995 German film directed by Joseph Vilsmaier and based on a novel by Austrian writer Robert Schneider.	Brother of Sleep	Robert Schneider
screenwriter	We Are All Murderers (French: Nous sommes tous des assassins, also known as Are We All Murderers?) is a 1952 French film written and directed by André Cayatte, a former attorney.	We Are All Murderers	André Cayatte
screenwriter	The Burning Plain is a 2008 drama film directed and written by Guillermo Arriaga, the screenwriter of Amores perros (2000), 21 Grams (2003), and Babel (2006).	The Burning Plain	Guillermo Arriaga
screenwriter	In the Heat of the Sun is a 1994 film directed and written by Jiang Wen.	In the Heat of the Sun	Jiang Wen
screenwriter	Ricomincio da tre (internationally released as I'm Starting from Three and Starting from Three) is a 1981 Italian comedy film written, directed and starred by Massimo Troisi at his film debut.	Ricomincio da tre	Massimo Troisi
screenwriter	Swayamvaram (English: One's Own Choice) is a 1972 Indian Malayalam drama film co-written and directed by Adoor Gopalakrishnan, starring Madhu and Sharada in the lead roles.	Swayamvaram	Adoor Gopalakrishnan
screenwriter	La rivincita di Natale, internationally released as Christmas Rematch, is a 2004 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Pupi Avati.	Christmas Rematch	Pupi Avati
screenwriter	Leaving Las Vegas is a 1995 romantic drama film written and directed by Mike Figgis and based on the semi-autobiographical novel Leaving Las Vegas by John O'Brien.	Leaving Las Vegas	Mike Figgis	John O'Brien
screenwriter	Bons Baisers de Hong Kong (also known as From Hong Kong with Love) is a 1975 French film directed by Yvan Chiffre.	Bons Baisers de Hong Kong	Yvan Chiffre
screenwriter	Chair de poule (French for ``goosebumps'') is a 1963 French crime film directed by Julien Duvivier and starring Robert Hossein, Catherine Rouvel, Jean Sorel and Georges Wilson.	Chair de poule	Julien Duvivier
screenwriter	Midnight in Paris is a 2011 American-Spanish romantic comedy-fantasy film written and directed by Woody Allen.	Midnight in Paris	Woody Allen
screenwriter	Herdsmen of the Sun (German: Wodaabe - Die Hirten der Sonne) is a 1989 documentary film by Werner Herzog.	Herdsmen of the Sun	Werner Herzog
screenwriter	Uncle Howard is a 2016 documentary film directed by Aaron Brookner, about filmmaker Howard Brookner.	Uncle Howard	Aaron Brookner
screenwriter	The Kingdom of Solomon is an Iranian religious/historical film trilogy, produced by Mojtaba Faravardeh and directed by Shahriar Bahrani who has made Saint Mary before.	The Kingdom of Solomon	Shahriar Bahrani
series	``A Quality of Mercy'' is episode 80 of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone, which originally aired on December 29, 1961.	A Quality of Mercy	The Twilight Zone
series	Tortoise Beats Hare is a 1941 Merrie Melodies animated short directed by Tex Avery.	Tortoise Beats Hare	Merrie Melodies
series	Mickey's Adventures in Numberland (referred as Mickey's Adventure in Numberland in its cover) is an educational Nintendo Entertainment System game starring the famous cartoon character Mickey Mouse.	Mickey's Adventures in Numberland	Mickey Mouse
series	``The After Hours'' is episode thirty-four of the American television anthology series, The Twilight Zone.	The After Hours	The Twilight Zone
series	``A Disquiet Follows My Soul'' is the fourteenth episode in the fourth season of the reimagined Battlestar Galactica.	A Disquiet Follows My Soul	Battlestar Galactica
series	``Meg Stinks!'' is the nineteenth episode of the twelfth season of the animated comedy series Family Guy and the 229th episode overall.	Meg Stinks!	Family Guy
series	``Toy Whorey'' is the eighteenth episode and season finale of the eighth season of the animated comedy series American Dad!.	Toy Whorey	American Dad
series	``There's No Place Like Home, Parts 1, 2 & 3'' is the season finale of the American Broadcasting Company's fourth season of the serial drama television series Lost, consisting of the 12th through 14th episodes.	There's No Place Like Home	Lost
series	``Lily B. Goode'' is the pilot episode and first episode of season one of the television sitcom Grounded for Life.	Lily B. Goode	Grounded for Life
series	``I Am Unicorn'' is the second episode of the third season of the American musical television series Glee, and the forty-sixth overall.	I Am Unicorn	Glee
series	``My Late Lamented Friend and Partner'' is the pilot episode of the popular 1969 British television series Randall and Hopkirk (Deceased) starring Mike Pratt, Kenneth Cope and Annette Andre.	My Late Lamented Friend and Partner	Randall and Hopkirk
series	Safety Second is a 1950 one-reel animated cartoon and is the 51st Tom and Jerry short directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera and produced by Fred Quimby.	Safety Second	Tom and Jerry
series	Sarah Jane Smith is a fictional character played by Elisabeth Sladen in the long-running BBC Television science fiction series Doctor Who and two of its spin-offs.	Sarah Jane Smith	Doctor Who
series	Surface Detail by Iain M. Banks is a science fiction novel in his Culture series, first published in the UK on 7 October 2010 and the US on 28 October 2010.	Surface Detail	Culture series
series	``Secrets That I Never Want to Know'' is the eighth season premiere episode of the American comedy-drama television series, Desperate Housewives, and the 158th overall episode of the series.	Secrets That I Never Want to Know	Desperate Housewives
series	The story picks up right where ``WIlliam Henry Harrison'' left off: the Parks & Recreation gang finds Leslie and Ron's rivalry cumbersome and locks them in a room together to hash things out.	Leslie and Ron	Parks & Recreation
series	``Lottery Fever'' is the first episode of the tenth season of the animated comedy series Family Guy and the series' 166th episode overall.	Lottery Fever	Family Guy
series	Death of a Citizen is a 1960 spy novel by Donald Hamilton, and was the first in a long-running series of books featuring the adventures of assassin Matt Helm.	Death of a Citizen	Matt Helm
series	The Apple II Plus (stylized as Apple )(+) is the second model of the Apple II series of personal computers produced by Apple Computer, Inc. It was sold new from June 1979 to December 1982.	Apple II Plus	Apple II series
series	Death's Master is the second novel in Tanith Lee's fantasy series Tales from the Flat Earth.	Death's Master	Tales from the Flat Earth
series	The Evil of the Daleks is the mostly missing ninth and final serial of the fourth season in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who, which originally aired in seven weekly parts from 20 May to 1 July 1967.	The Evil of the Daleks	Doctor Who
series	The Night of Morningstar is the title of the eleventh book chronicling the adventures of crime lord-turned-secret agent Modesty Blaise.	The Night of Morningstar	Modesty Blaise
series	Never Been Marcused is the 20th episode of the CW television series, Gossip Girl, as well as the 2nd episode of the show's second season .	Never Been Marcused	Gossip Girl
series	The Maze of Bones is the first novel of The 39 Clues series, written by Rick Riordan and published September 9, 2008 by Scholastic.	The Maze of Bones	The 39 Clues
series	``Perfect Week'' is the 14th episode of the fifth season of the CBS situation comedy How I Met Your Mother and 102nd episode overall.	Perfect Week	How I Met Your Mother
series	``The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka'' is the sixth episode of the second season of the animated television series South Park, and the 19th episode of the series overall.	The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka	South Park
series	The Nissan Micra, known in Latin America and in most of Asia as the Nissan March (マーチ Māchi), is a supermini car produced by the Japanese manufacturer Nissan since 1982.	Nissan Micra	supermini
series	Servants of the Wankh is the second science fiction adventure novel in the tetralogy Tschai, Planet of Adventure.	Servants of the Wankh	Planet of Adventure
series	The Mutants is the fourth serial of the ninth season of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who, which was first broadcast in six weekly parts from 8 April to 13 May 1972.	The Mutants	Doctor Who
series	``See-Through'' is the fourth episode of the second season and sixteenth overall episode of the American television drama series Dexter, which first aired on 21 October 2007 on Showtime in the United States.	See-Through	Dexter
series	``Watching Too Much Television'' is the forty-sixth episode of the HBO original series The Sopranos and the seventh episode of the show's fourth season.	Watching Too Much Television	The Sopranos
series	``Brian the Bachelor'' is the seventh episode from the fourth season of Family Guy.	Brian the Bachelor	Family Guy
series	``The Parents'' is the twenty fourth episode of the American television series Smash.	The Parents	Smash
series	The Voronov Plot is the fourteenth book in the Blake and Mortimer comic book series.	The Voronov Plot	Blake and Mortimer
series	``The Handicap Spot'' is the 22nd episode of the fourth season and the 62nd overall episode of Seinfeld.	The Handicap Spot	Seinfeld
series	``Attack of Mark's Clone'' is the sixth episode of the second season of the American animated television series Ugly Americans, which aired on Comedy Central in the United States on August 4, 2011.	Attack of Mark's Clone	Ugly Americans
series	``I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining'' is the sixth episode of the sixteenth season of the American animated sitcom South Park, and the 229th episode overall.	I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining	South Park
series	``Full Leather Jacket'' is the twenty-first episode of the HBO original series The Sopranos and is the eighth of the show's second season.	Full Leather Jacket	The Sopranos
series	Calamity Town is a novel that was published in 1942 by Ellery Queen.	Calamity Town	Ellery Queen
series	The Mystery of the Disappearing Cat (1944) is the second in the Five Find-Outers series of children's mystery novels by Enid Blyton.	The Mystery of the Disappearing Cat	Five Find-Outers
series	``Lucky's Wedding Suit'' is the 213th episode of the Fox animated television series King of the Hill, and was the 12th episode broadcast in the 11th season.	Lucky's Wedding Suit	King of the Hill
series	``Return of the Kane'' is the sixth episode of the first season of the American mystery television series Veronica Mars.	Return of the Kane	Veronica Mars
series	``The Puppy Episode'' is a two-part episode of the situation comedy television series Ellen.	The Puppy Episode	Ellen
series	The Planet Savers is a science fiction novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley in her Darkover series.	The Planet Savers	Darkover series
series	Hercules in the Maze of the Minotaur is the fifth and final TV movie in the series Hercules: The Legendary Journeys.	Hercules in the Maze of the Minotaur	Hercules: The Legendary Journeys
series	White Gold Wielder is the last book of the second trilogy of The Chronicles of Thomas Covenant fantasy series written by Stephen R. Donaldson.	White Gold Wielder	The Chronicles of Thomas Covenant
series	King's Wrath is the third and latest novel of the Valisar Trilogy by Australian author Fiona McIntosh.	King's Wrath	Valisar Trilogy
series	The Dragon's Teeth (also published as The Virgin Heiresses) is a mystery novel published in 1939 featuring the popular fictional character Ellery Queen, which is also the pseudonym of the book's authors, Daniel Nathan and Manford (Emanuel) Lepofsky.	The Dragon's Teeth	Ellery Queen
series	Ape Academy 2 (also known as Piposaru Academia 2: Aiai Sarugee Janken Battle! in Japan) is the sequel to the PlayStation Portable party game Ape Escape Academy.	Ape Academy 2	Ape Escape
series	``A Land Without Magic'' is the 22nd episode and first season finale of the American fairy tale/drama television series Once Upon a Time, which aired in the United States on ABC on May 13, 2012.	A Land Without Magic	Once Upon a Time
series	Brightness Reef is a 1995 science fiction novel by David Brin and the fourth book of six set in his Uplift Universe (preceded by The Uplift War and followed by Infinity's Shore).	Brightness Reef	Uplift Universe
series	``The Story on Page One'' is the 19th episode from the second season of the FOX animated series Family Guy.	The Story on Page One	Family Guy
series	``Bart of Darkness'' is the first episode of The Simpsons' sixth season, which originally aired September 4, 1994.	Bart of Darkness	The Simpsons
series	David Starr, Space Ranger is the first novel in the Lucky Starr series, six juvenile science fiction novels by Isaac Asimov that originally appeared under the pseudonym Paul French.	David Starr, Space Ranger	Lucky Starr series
series	``Swarley'' is the seventh episode in the second season of the television series How I Met Your Mother.	Swarley	How I Met Your Mother
series	``A. B. and C.'' is the title of the third episode of the British science fiction-allegorical series, The Prisoner.	A. B. and C.	The Prisoner
series	``Crimes of the Hot'' is the eighth episode of the fourth production season of the television show Futurama.	Crimes of the Hot	Futurama
series	The Temptation of Sarah Jane Smith is a story of The Sarah Jane Adventures which was broadcast on CBBC on 17 and 24 November 2008.	The Temptation of Sarah Jane Smith	The Sarah Jane Adventures
series	``The Adventure of the Copper Beeches'', one of the 56 short Sherlock Holmes stories written by British author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, is the last of the twelve collected in The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes.	The Adventure of the Copper Beeches	The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes
series	``Dear Doctor'' is the thirteenth episode of the first season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: Enterprise and originally aired on January 23, 2002, on UPN.	Dear Doctor	Star Trek: Enterprise
series	Tembo Tabou, written by Franquin and Greg, drawn by Franquin and Jean Roba, is the twentyfourth album of the Spirou et Fantasio series, and the twentieth under Franquin's authorship.	Tembo Tabou	Spirou et Fantasio
series	The Ford Scorpio is an executive car that was produced by Ford Europe from 1985 to 1998.	Ford Scorpio	executive car
series	``Two Monkeys and a Panda'' is the 17th episode of the second season of the American comedy television series Modern Family and the 41st episode overall.	Two Monkeys and a Panda	Modern Family
series	``The Boscombe Valley Mystery'', one of the 56 short Sherlock Holmes stories written by the British author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, is the fourth of the twelve stories in The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes.	The Boscombe Valley Mystery	The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes
series	``Sofia's Choice'' is an episode from the dramedy series Ugly Betty, which aired on January 11, 2007.	Sofia's Choice	Ugly Betty
series	``You Can't Do That on Television, Peter'' is the eighteenth episode of the tenth season of the animated comedy series, Family Guy.	You Can't Do That on Television, Peter	Family Guy
series	The Trial of a Time Lord is a 14-part science fiction serial in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who.	The Trial of a Time Lord	Doctor Who
series	``The Highlights of 100'' is an hour-long, two-part episode of the NBC sitcom Seinfeld.	The Highlights of 100	Seinfeld
series	``Escape from Victory'' is the fifth episode of the third series of Channel 4 sitcom Father Ted and the 22nd episode overall.	Escape from Victory	Father Ted
series	``Whatever Happened, Happened'' is the 11th television episode of the fifth season of ABC's Lost.	Whatever Happened, Happened	Lost
series	``Bart the Mother'' is the third episode of The Simpsons tenth season.	Bart the Mother	The Simpsons
series	``Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants'' is the ninth episode of the fifth season of the animated television series South Park, and the 74th episode of the series overall.	Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants	South Park
series	``Homer's Enemy'' is the twenty-third episode of the eighth season of the American animated television series The Simpsons.	Homer's Enemy	The Simpsons
series	``The Watchers on the Wall'' is the ninth episode of the fourth season of HBO's fantasy television series Game of Thrones, and the 39th overall.	The Watchers on the Wall	Game of Thrones
series	The War Games is the seventh and final serial of the sixth season of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who, which originally aired in ten weekly parts from 19 April to 21 June 1969.	The War Games	Doctor Who
series	``The Wig Master'' is the 129th episode of the NBC situation comedy Seinfeld.	The Wig Master	Seinfeld
series	Weapons of Choice is the first novel of the Axis of Time alternative history trilogy, written by Australian author John Birmingham.	Weapons of Choice	Axis of Time
series	``Nothing Important Happened Today'' is the collective name for the ninth season premiere and the 183rd and 184th episodes of the science fiction television series The X-Files.	Nothing Important Happened Today	The X-Files
series	``A Time to Stand'' is the first episode of the sixth season of the television series Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, and the 125th episode overall.	A Time to Stand	Star Trek: Deep Space Nine
series	``The Other Martin Loring'' is a 1973 episode of Marcus Welby, M.D., an American medical drama that aired on ABC.	The Other Martin Loring	Marcus Welby
series	Z'ha'dum is the final episode of the third season of the science fiction television series Babylon 5.	Z'ha'dum	Babylon 5
series	``Tsunkatse'' is the fifteenth episode of the sixth season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: Voyager.	Tsunkatse	Star Trek: Voyager
series	Wizardborn is the third novel in David Farland's epic fantasy series The Runelords.	Wizardborn	The Runelords
series	``The Andorian Incident'' is the seventh episode (production #107) of the television series Star Trek: Enterprise, and was written by Brannon Braga, Fred Dekker and Rick Berman.	The Andorian Incident	Star Trek: Enterprise
series	``Boys Do Cry'' is the 15th episode of the fifth season of the animated comedy series Family Guy, originally airing on the Fox network on April 29, 2007.	Boys Do Cry	Family Guy
series	``Join the Club'' is the second episode of the sixth season and sixty-seventh episode overall of the HBO television drama series The Sopranos, which premiered on March 19, 2006 in the United States.	Join the Club	The Sopranos
series	The Incomplete Enchanter is a collection of two fantasy novellas by science fiction and fantasy authors L. Sprague de Camp and Fletcher Pratt, the first volume in their Harold Shea series.	The Incomplete Enchanter	Harold Shea
series	Le faiseur d'or, written and drawn by Fournier, is the twentieth album of the Spirou et Fantasio series, and the first to follow the Spirou retirement of André Franquin.	Le faiseur d'or	Spirou et Fantasio
series	``Little Miss Lost'' is the fourth episode of the ABC drama Miracles.	Little Miss Lost	Miracles
series	Mona Lisa Overdrive is a cyberpunk novel by William Gibson published in 1988 and the final novel of the Sprawl trilogy, following Neuromancer and Count Zero.	Mona Lisa Overdrive	Sprawl trilogy
series	``At Long Last Leave'' is the fourteenth episode of The Simpsons '​ twenty-third season, and the 500th episode overall of the series.	At Long Last Leave	The Simpsons
series	La Curée (1871--72; English: The Kill) is the 2nd novel in Émile Zola's 20-volume series Les Rougon-Macquart.	La Curée	Les Rougon-Macquart
series	``Little Big Girl'' is the twelfth episode of The Simpsons' eighteenth season, which was originally broadcast on February 11, 2007.	Little Big Girl	The Simpsons
series	``Regional Holiday Music'' is the tenth episode of the third season of the American television series Community, and 59th overall episode of the series.	Regional Holiday Music	Community
series	Sharpe's Devil is the twenty-first and ultimate historical novel in the Richard Sharpe series written by Bernard Cornwell and published in 1993.	Sharpe's Devil	Richard Sharpe
series	Mageia is a Linux based operating system, distributed as free and open source software.	Mageia	Linux
series	``The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers'' is the thirteenth episode of the sixth season of the American animated television series South Park, and the 92nd overall episode of the series.	The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers	South Park
series	``TOWIE Live'' is the second episode of a series of special episodes airing throughout December 2012 of The Only Way Is Essex.	TOWIE Live	The Only Way Is Essex
series	``Flesh and Stone'' is the fifth episode of the fifth series of British science fiction television series Doctor Who.	Flesh and Stone	Doctor Who
series	``Elementary, Dear Data'' is the third episode of the second season of the syndicated science fiction television series Star Trek: The Next Generation, the 29th episode of the show overall.	Elementary, Dear Data	Star Trek: The Next Generation
series	``Out of the Chute'' is the sixteenth episode of the seventh season of the American medical drama House.	Out of the Chute	House
series	``Fart-Break Hotel'' is the ninth episode of the seventh season of American Dad!.	Fart-Break Hotel	American Dad
series	Atlantis Found is a 1999 novel by Clive Cussler, the fifteenth book in the Dirk Pitt series.	Atlantis Found	Dirk Pitt
series	The Tritonian Ring is a fantasy novel written by L. Sprague de Camp as part of his Pusadian series.	The Tritonian Ring	Pusadian series
sex or gender	On this account alone, their entrance into the room was obstructed by some of the male members of the congregation, including Sydney Hodgson, until the conclusion of the Mass; these gentlemen then surrendered themselves.	Sydney Hodgson	male
sport	The 1961 Scotch Cup, the men's world curling championship, was held in four venues:	1961 Scotch Cup	curling
spouse	Empress Xiaodexian (12 April 1831 -- 24 January 1850) was the first consort of the Xianfeng Emperor of the Qing Dynasty.	Empress Xiaodexian	Xianfeng Emperor
spouse	Střezislava (died 987) was the wife of Slavník, a Bohemian nobleman and founder of Slavník dynasty.	Střezislava	Slavník
spouse	Meritaten also spelled Merytaten or Meryetaten (14th century BC) was an ancient Egyptian queen of the Eighteenth dynasty, who held the position of Great Royal Wife to Pharaoh Smenkhkare, who may have been a brother or son of Akhenaten.	Meritaten	Smenkhkare
spouse	Manwë was the King of the Valar, husband of Varda Elentári, was conceived in the thought of Iluvatar as a brother of Melkor, and King of Arda.	Manwë	Varda
spouse	Na Ying had a relationship with Chinese footballer Gao Feng and a son by him, but they separated in 2005.	Na Ying	Gao Feng
spouse	Eudokia Angelina (or Eudocia Angelina) (Greek: Ευδοκία Αγγελίνα, Serbian: Evdokija Anđel; died c. 1211, or later) was the consort of Stefan the First-Crowned of Serbia from 1196 to 1198.	Eudokia Angelina	Stefan the First-Crowned
spouse	Runje Shaw was married to actress Chen Yumei, who became Tianyi's number one star after Hu Die defected to rival Mingxing Studio in 1928.	Runje Shaw	Chen Yumei
spouse	Mary Willing Byrd (September 10, 1740 -- March 1814) was the second wife of Colonel William Byrd III, a Colonial American military officer at the time of the American Revolution and son of the founder of Richmond, Virginia.	Mary Willing Byrd	William Byrd III
spouse	Muhammad ibn al-Hanafiyyah was Ali's son from another wife from Hanifa clan of central Arabia named Khawlah bint Ja'far.	Ali	Khawlah bint Ja'far
spouse	Queen Meresankh III was the daughter of Kawab and Hetepheres II and thus a niece of Khafra.	Khafra	Meresankh III
spouse	Virginia Eliza Clemm Poe (née Clemm; August 15, 1822 -- January 30, 1847) was the wife of American writer Edgar Allan Poe.	Virginia Eliza Clemm Poe	Edgar Allan Poe
spouse	Raja Chaudhary played a villain in the Bhojpuri film Saiyyan Hamar Hindustani opposite Shweta Tiwari.	Raja Chaudhary	Shweta Tiwari
spouse	Ndvungunye was married to Lojiba Simelane and Somnjalose Simelane.	Ndvungunye	Somnjalose Simelane
spouse	Ma Xisheng's suspicions were aroused, particularly since his wife Lady Yang's relative Yang Zhaosui (楊昭遂) had ambitions of replacing Gao Yu, and therefore often spoke negatively of Gao to him.	Ma Xisheng	Lady Yang
spouse	Sylviane Agacinski-Jospin (born 4 May 1945) is a Polish-French philosopher, feminist, author, professor at the École des hautes études en sciences sociales (EHESS), and wife of Lionel Jospin, former Prime Minister of France.	Sylviane Agacinski	Lionel Jospin
spouse	In 1458 Uzun Hassan married Theodora Megale Komnene, the daughter of Emperor John IV of Trebizond, better known in histories as Despina Khatun.	Uzun Hassan	Despina Khatun
spouse	Pierantonio Stiattesi was the husband of Artemisia Gentileschi.	Pierantonio Stiattesi	Artemisia Gentileschi
spouse	On 23 December 2011, Alla Pugacheva and Maxim Galkin married.	Alla Pugacheva	Maxim Galkin
spouse	Kujava Radinović was the second wife of King Stephen Ostoja of Bosnia and as such she was Queen of Bosnia from 1399 to 1404 and again from 1409 to 1415.	Kujava Radinović	Stephen Ostoja of Bosnia
spouse	Elisabet Juliana Banér (née of Erbach; 22 January 1600 - 29 May 1640), was a German noble, married to the Swedish Field Marshal Johan Banér in 1636.	Elisabet Juliana Banér	Johan Banér
spouse	Lady of Neuville (French: Madame de Neuville-en-Artois) (died 1228) was the Empress consort of Robert of Courtenay, Latin Emperor of Constantinople.	Lady of Neuville	Robert of Courtenay
spouse	Diane Hegarty (born July 10, 1942) is co-founder of the Church of Satan, which she co-founded with her longtime partner Anton LaVey.	Diane Hegarty	Anton LaVey
spouse	Between 1961 and 1974 Ronald Paris was married to the photographer Helga Paris.	Ronald Paris	Helga Paris
spouse	Mercedes Hortensia Bussi Soto de Allende (22 July 1914 -- 18 June 2009) was the wife of Chilean President Salvador Allende.	Hortensia Bussi	Salvador Allende
spouse	Anastasia Romanovna Zakharyina-Yurieva (1530 -- 7 August 1560) was the first wife of the Russian Tsar Ivan the Terrible and the first Russian tsaritsa.	Anastasia Romanovna	Ivan the Terrible
spouse	On February 28, 2007, David Eddings' wife, Leigh Eddings (born Judith Leigh Schall), whom he married in 1962, died following a series of strokes.	David Eddings	Leigh Eddings
spouse	Princess Marie Adélaïde of Savoy (6 December 1685 -- 12 February 1712) was the wife of Louis, Dauphin of France, Duke of Burgundy.	Marie Adélaïde of Savoy	Louis, Dauphin of France, Duke of Burgundy
spouse	Maud de Badlesmere, Countess of Oxford (1310 -- May 1366) was an English noblewoman, and the wife of John de Vere, 7th Earl of Oxford.	Maud de Badlesmere, Countess of Oxford	John de Vere, 7th Earl of Oxford
spouse	Alexander Gradsky has been married four times, including to actress Anastasiya Vertinskaya in the 1970s, after her divorce from Nikita Mikhalkov.	Alexander Gradsky	Anastasiya Vertinskaya
spouse	Marie Danse or Marie Destrée-Danse (1867 -- 1942) was a Belgian painter-etcher and the wife of the art historian and politician Jules Destrée.	Marie Danse	Jules Destrée
spouse	She was known as Daphne du Maurier from 1907 to 1932 when she became Mrs Frederick Browning while still writing as Daphne du Maurier (1932--46).	Daphne du Maurier	Frederick Browning
spouse	Janette Howard (née Parker; born 11 August 1944) is the wife of John Howard, who was the 25th Prime Minister of Australia from 11 March 1996 to 3 December 2007 and the second longest serving Australian Prime Minister.	Janette Howard	John Howard
spouse	Barbara Orbison (10 January 1950 -- 6 December 2011) was a German-born United States-based entrepreneur, music producer/publisher, and the widow of American musician Roy Orbison.	Barbara Orbison	Roy Orbison
spouse	Isaac Roberts married Dorothea Klumpke, who was nearly 30 years his junior, in 1901.	Isaac Roberts	Dorothea Klumpke
spouse	From 1960-1985 Roger Payne was married to noted elephant researcher Katharine Payne, who performed similar research on the vocalizations of elephants (and Humpbacks).	Roger Payne	Katharine Payne
spouse	She was credited as ``Ellen McRae'' until 1967, when she and her then-husband Neil Nephew both changed their surname to ``Burstyn'' and she began to be credited as ``Ellen Burstyn''.	Ellen Burstyn	Neil Nephew
spouse	Meanwhile, around this time, Gao Wei had become less attracted to Empress Mu, instead becoming more infatuated with Empress Mu's servant girl Feng Xiaolian, making her an imperial consort.	Gao Wei	Feng Xiaolian
spouse	Archduchess Maria Leopoldine of Austria-Este (December 10, 1776 -- June 23, 1848) was the second wife of Charles Theodore, Elector of Bavaria.	Archduchess Maria Leopoldine of Austria-Este	Charles Theodore, Elector of Bavaria
spouse	Liu Rushi (Chinese: 柳如是; pinyin: Liú Rúshì; Wade--Giles: Liu Ju-shih; 1618--1664), also known as Liu Shi, Liu Yin and Yang Yin, was a Chinese courtesan and poet in the late Ming dynasty who married Qian Qianyi at the age of 25.	Liu Rushi	Qian Qianyi
spouse	Adopting the stage name June Caprice, she made sixteen films for Fox, half of which were directed by Harry F. Millarde.	June Caprice	Harry F. Millarde
spouse	She was regarded as the ``Forgotten revolutionary female'' and ``The first revolution partner'' of Sun Yat-sen. Before marrying Soong Ching-ling, Sun Yat-sen had a 20 year-relationship with Chen Cuifen.	Chen Cuifen	Sun Yat-sen
spouse	In Homer's Odyssey, Penelope (/pəˈnɛləpiː/ pə-NEL-ə-pee; Greek: Πηνελόπεια, Pēnelópeia, or Πηνελόπη, Pēnelópē) is the intelligent and faithful wife of Odysseus, who keeps her suitors at bay in his long absence and is eventually reunited with him.	Penelope	Odysseus
spouse	Elizabeth Hadley Richardson (November 9, 1891 -- January 22, 1979) was the first wife of American author Ernest Hemingway.	Hadley Richardson	Ernest Hemingway
spouse	Beatrice Lascaris di Tenda or Beatrice de Tende or Beatrix (c. 1372 -- 1418), was an Italian noblewoman who was the wife of Facino Cane, Count of Biandrate and a condottiero, and then wife to Filippo Maria Visconti, Duke of Milan, who caused her tragic death.	Beatrice Lascaris di Tenda	Facino Cane	Filippo Maria Visconti
spouse	Bernard Kay was married to Patricia Haines (first wife of Michael Caine) from 1963 until her death from cancer in 1977.	Bernard Kay	Patricia Haines
spouse	Samira Shahbandar was Saddam Hussein's second wife.	Samira Shahbandar	Saddam Hussein
spouse	Anne Sophie Reventlow (Danish: Anna Sophie; 16 April 1693 -- 7 January 1743) was Queen of Denmark and Norway from 1721 to 1730 as the second wife of Frederick IV of Denmark and Norway.	Anne Sophie Reventlow	Frederick IV of Denmark
spouse	Christina Rau (born Christina Delius on 30 October 1956 in Bielefeld) is the widow of the late Johannes Rau, the President of Germany.	Christina Rau	Johannes Rau
spouse	Cheryl Maas is married to Norwegian former snowboarder Stine Brun Kjeldaas.	Cheryl Maas	Stine Brun Kjeldaas
spouse	Born Mary Onyali, by the time of the 2000 Olympics she was known as Mary Onyali-Omagbemi, having married fellow Nigerian sprinter Victor Omagbemi.	Mary Onyali-Omagbemi	Victor Omagbemi
spouse	In 1939, Bodil Schmidt-Nielsen married Knut Schmidt-Nielsen, a fellow physiologist, and received doctoral degrees in Dentistry, Odontology, and Physiology from the University of Copenhagen.	Bodil Schmidt-Nielsen	Knut Schmidt-Nielsen
spouse	In order to promote their image and media-portrayal overseas, Bashar al-Assad and his wife Asma al-Assad hired American and United Kingdom-based PR firms and consultants.	Bashar al-Assad	Asma al-Assad
spouse	Kirsten Munk (sometimes ``Christina Munk''; 6 July 1598 -- 19 April 1658) was a Danish noble, the second spouse of King Christian IV of Denmark, and mother to twelve of his children.	Kirsten Munk	Christian IV of Denmark
spouse	Profiles in Entertainment (1980 ISBN 0-671-25012-4) Kathleen Tynan (ed.) Kenneth Tynan:	Kenneth Tynan	Kathleen Tynan
spouse	He co-founded HB Studio (the Herbert Berghof Studio) in New York City with his wife Uta Hagen in 1945.	Herbert Berghof	Uta Hagen
spouse	Esther Johnson (March 18, 1681 -- January 28, 1728) was the English friend of Jonathan Swift, known as ``Stella''.	Esther Johnson	Jonathan Swift
spouse	Princess Phra Nang Chao Suvadhana (Thai: สุวัทนา; rtgs: Suwatthana, 15 April 1906 -- 10 October 1985) was the royal consort of King Vajiravudh (or Rama VI) of Siam.	Suvadhana	Vajiravudh
spouse	Eugenia Livanos (Greek: Ευγενία Λιβανού; 1927 -- 4 May 1970) was the third wife of Stavros Niarchos.	Eugenia Livanos	Stavros Niarchos
spouse	In July 2008, Michele Hicks married British actor Jonny Lee Miller in Malibu, California.	Michele Hicks	Jonny Lee Miller
spouse	Fredrikke Marie Qvam (31 May 1843 -- 10 September 1938) was a Norwegian humanitarian leader, feminist and the wife of Prime Minister Ole Anton Qvam.	Fredrikke Marie Qvam	Ole Anton Qvam
spouse	Eudokia Komnene (or Eudocia Comnena) (Greek: Εὐδοκία Κομνηνή, Eudokia Komnēnē) (c. 1160 -- c. 1203) was a grand-niece of Byzantine Emperor Manuel I Komnenos, and wife of William VIII of Montpellier.	Eudokia Komnene	William VIII of Montpellier
spouse	Stella Farentino (born February 16, 1962) is the fourth wife of actor James Farentino and she went on to become an actress herself.	Stella Farentino	James Farentino
spouse	Victoria Lorna Aluquin-Fernandez, better known by her stage name Lorna Tolentino, sometimes known as L.T., an abbreviation of her screen name (born December 23, 1961), is a Filipina actress, host, executive producer and widow of actor Rudy Fernandez.	Lorna Tolentino	Rudy Fernandez
spouse	Maria Isabel of Portugal (Maria Isabel Francisca; 19 May 1797 -- 26 December 1818) was an Infanta of Portugal who became the Queen of Spain as the second wife of Ferdinand VII of Spain.	Maria Isabel of Portugal	Ferdinand VII of Spain
spouse	Anna Porphyrogenita (Greek: Άννα Πορφυρογέννητη, Russian: Анна Византийская, Ukrainian: Анна Порфірогенета; 13 March 963 -- 1011) was a Grand Princess consort of Kiev; she was married to Grand Prince Vladimir the Great.	Anna Porphyrogenita	Vladimir the Great
spouse	So in March 313 Licinius married Flavia Julia Constantia, half-sister of Constantine I, at Mediolanum (now Milan); they had a son, Licinius the Younger, in 315.	Licinius	Flavia Julia Constantia
spouse	Teodora Matejko (Matejkowa) née Giebułtowska (1846 -- 25 August 1896 in Kraków), was the wife of Poland's national painter Jan Matejko; daughter of Antoni Giebułtowski and Paulina Sikorska.	Teodora Matejko	Jan Matejko
taxon rank	Mollisonia is a genus of epifaunal detritivorous arthropod known from the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale.	Mollisonia	genus
taxon rank	Hieracium argutum is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name southern hawkweed.	Hieracium argutum	species
taxon rank	Lepisanthes is a genus of 24 or 25 species of trees or shrubs native to tropical Africa, south and southeast Asia, Australia, and Madagascar.	Lepisanthes	genus
taxon rank	Nama rothrockii is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name Rothrock's fiddleleaf.	Nama rothrockii	species
taxon rank	Pandorea doratoxylon, commonly known as western wonga vine, is a species of woody vine in the family Bignoniaceae.	Pandorea doratoxylon	species
taxon rank	Watsonieae is the second largest tribe in the Ixioideae subfamily (which is included in the Iridaceae family) and named after the best-known genus in it --	Watsonieae	tribe
taxon rank	Sarcodon rimosus, commonly known as the cracked hydnum, is a species of tooth fungus in the family Bankeraceae.	Sarcodon rimosus	species
taxon rank	Wrightoporia lenta is a species of fungus in the family Bondarzewiaceae.	Wrightoporia lenta	species
taxon rank	Lithoglyphus naticoides, common name the ``gravel snail'', is a species of small or minute freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Lithoglyphidae.	Lithoglyphus naticoides	species
taxon rank	Rhododendron irroratum (露珠杜鹃) is a rhododendron species native to northern Vietnam and western Guizhou, southwestern Sichuan, and northern and southeastern Yunnan, China, where it grows at altitudes of 1700--3500 meters.	Rhododendron irroratum	species
taxon rank	Freopsis leucostictica is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Freopsis.	Freopsis leucostictica	species
taxon rank	Cochlespira kuroharai is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cochlespiridae, the turrids.	Cochlespira kuroharai	species
taxon rank	Phalacronotus is a genus of sheatfishes native to Asia	Phalacronotus	genus
taxon rank	Anomiopus bonariensis is a species of true dung beetle that can be found in Argentina, Brazil (Minas Gerais) and Uruguay.	Anomiopus bonariensis	species
taxon rank	Oryctocephalus indicus is a species of corynexochid trilobite from the Cambrian.	Oryctocephalus indicus	species
taxon rank	Callionymus kotthausi is a species of dragonet found only in the Indian Ocean off India where it occurs at depths of from 138 to 211 metres (453 to 692 ft).	Callionymus kotthausi	species
taxon rank	Hesperevax sparsiflora is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name erect dwarf cudweed.	Hesperevax sparsiflora	species
taxon rank	The Maltese freshwater crab (Qabru) is a subspecies of freshwater crab, endemic to certain areas within the Maltese Islands.	Maltese freshwater crab	subspecies
taxon rank	Isocoma coronopifolia, the common goldenbush, is a North American plant species in the sunflower family.	Isocoma coronopifolia	species
taxon rank	Helianthus occidentalis (fewleaf sunflower or western sunflower) is a species of sunflower native to the eastern and central United States.	Helianthus occidentalis	species
taxon rank	Chaetonectrioides is a fungal genus in the Ascomycota.	Chaetonectrioides	genus
taxon rank	Podococcus is a genus of palms found in tropical Africa.	Podococcus	genus
taxon rank	Gymnosoma philippinense is an Asian and Australasian species of fly in the family Tachinidae.	Gymnosoma philippinense	species
taxon rank	Solanum caripense is a species of evergreen shrub native to South America and grown for its edible fruit.	Solanum caripense	species
taxon rank	Porites porites, commonly known as hump coral or finger coral, is a species of stony coral in the genus Porites.	Porites porites	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces diastatochromogenes is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces.	Streptomyces diastatochromogenes	species
taxon rank	Helianthus ambiguus is a North American species of sunflower known by the common name ambiguous sunflower.	Helianthus ambiguus	species
taxon rank	Lepidammodytes macrophthalmus is a species of sand lance endemic to the Pacific Ocean waters around Hawaii.	Lepidammodytes macrophthalmus	species
taxon rank	Orchis quadripunctata, the Four-spotted Orchis, is a species of orchid found from southern Italy to the eastern Mediterranean.	Orchis quadripunctata	species
taxon rank	Callitris roei (Roe's Cypress-pine) is a species of Callitris native to Australia, where it is endemic to southwestern Western Australia from Moora south to Albany and east to Cape Arid National Park.	Callitris roei	species
taxon rank	Deconica angustispora is a mushroom that was discovered in the late 1930s and formally described by A.H. Smith in 1946 as a species of Psilocybe.	Deconica angustispora	species
taxon rank	Phosphuga is a genus of carrion beetles	Phosphuga	genus
taxon rank	Angelica atropurpurea, known commonly as purplestem angelica, great angelica, American angelica, high angelica, and masterwort, is a species of flowering plant that can be found in moist and swampy woodlands, mostly by riverbanks, in eastern North America.	Angelica atropurpurea	species
taxon rank	Diorhabda elongata is a species of leaf beetle known as the Mediterranean tamarisk beetle (MTB) which feeds on tamarisk trees from Portugal and Algeria east to southern Russia.	Diorhabda elongata	species
taxon rank	Arsissa transvaalica is a species of snout moth in the genus Arsissa.	Arsissa transvaalica	species
taxon rank	Modelia granosa, common name the southern cat's eye, is a medium to large species of sea snail which has a shell with a pearly interior and a calcareous operculum.	Modelia granosa	species
taxon rank	Liparis nervosa is a species of orchid found in the Tropics of Asia, Africa and America.	Liparis nervosa	species
taxon rank	Isoperla carbonaria is a species of stonefly in the family Perlodidae.	Isoperla carbonaria	species
taxon rank	Heliothis nubila is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family, described by Hampson in 1903.	Heliothis nubila	species
taxon rank	Citrus myrtifolia, the myrtle-leaved orange tree, is a species of Citrus with foliage similar to that of the common myrtle.	Citrus myrtifolia	species
taxon rank	Arcinella cornuta, or the spiny jewel box clam, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Chamidae.	Arcinella cornuta	species
taxon rank	Phobaeticus chani or Chan's megastick is a species of stick insect.	Phobaeticus chani	species
taxon rank	Margaretbarromyces is an extinct monotypic genus of pleosporale fungus of uncertain family placement.	Margaretbarromyces	genus
taxon rank	Benthosema glaciale, or glacier lantern fish, is the most common species of lanternfish and important part of the midwater ecosystem of northern North Atlantic.	Benthosema glaciale	species
taxon rank	Psococerastis gibbosa is a species of Psocoptera from the Psocidae family that can be found in Great Britain and Ireland.	Psococerastis gibbosa	species
taxon rank	Malapterurus stiassnyae is a species of electric catfish native to Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone.	Malapterurus stiassnyae	species
taxon rank	Maorichiton schauinslandi is a species of chiton in the family Mopaliidae.	Maorichiton schauinslandi	species
taxon rank	Stizus fasciatus is a species of sand wasps belonging to the family Crabronidae.	Stizus fasciatus	species
taxon rank	Athous sosybius is a species of click beetle (family Elateridae) which is endemic to Dagestan.	Athous sosybius	species
taxon rank	Chaetodipus is a genus of pocket mouse containing 17 species endemic to the United States and Mexico.	Chaetodipus	genus
taxon rank	Penicillium dendriticum is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which produces Secalonic acid D and Secalonic acid F.	Penicillium dendriticum	species
taxon rank	Archaeomarasmius is an extinct genus of gilled fungus in the Agaricales family Tricholomataceae, containing the single species Archaeomarasmius leggetti.	Archaeomarasmius	species
taxon rank	Selligueeae is a tribe of polypod ferns in the family Polypodiaceae.	Selligueeae	tribe
taxon rank	Impatiens halongensis is a species of the family Balsaminaceae native to Vietnam.	Impatiens halongensis	species
taxon rank	Gilia nevinii is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name Nevin's gilia.	Gilia nevinii	species
taxon rank	Rhynchobdellida, the jawless leeches, are classified as an order of the Hirudinea.	Rhynchobdellida	order
taxon rank	Lunaria annua, called honesty or annual honesty in English, is a species of flowering plant native to the Balkans and south west Asia, and naturalized throughout the temperate world.	Lunaria annua	species
taxon rank	Ebalia tumefacta, sometimes called Bryer's nut crab, is a species of crab in the family Leucosiidae.	Ebalia tumefacta	species
taxon rank	The Projapygidae are a family of hexapods in the order Diplura.	Projapygidae	family
taxon rank	Afrocominella capensis, common name the elongate whelk, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae.	Afrocominella capensis	species
taxon rank	Sepiola atlantica, also known as the Atlantic bobtail, is a species of bobtail squid native to the northeastern Atlantic Ocean (65ºN to 35ºN), from Iceland, the Faroe Islands and western Norway to the Moroccan coast.	Sepiola atlantica	species
taxon rank	Phlegethontiidae is a family of aistopod amphibians including the genera Phlegethontia and Sillerpeton.	Phlegethontiidae	family
taxon rank	Allophylus chartaceus (Kurz) Radlkofer is a plant species in the family Sapindaceae.	Allophylus chartaceus	species
taxon rank	Blitum californicum (Syn. Chenopodium californicum) is a species of flowering plant in the amaranth family known by the common names California Goosefoot and (ambiguously) ``Indian lettuce''.	Blitum californicum	species
taxon rank	Danaphryne nigrifilis is a species of dreamer widespread in the temperate to tropical regions of the oceans where it is found at depths of around 850 metres (2,790 ft).	Danaphryne nigrifilis	species
taxon rank	Ericameria greenei is a species of flowering shrub in the daisy family known by the common name Greene's goldenbush.	Ericameria greenei	species
taxon rank	Streblote diluta is a species of moth in the family Lasiocampidae.	Streblote diluta	species
taxon rank	Nephrotoma scurra is a species of crane fly found in most of Europe and northern parts of Asia.	Nephrotoma scurra	species
taxon rank	Robust capuchin monkeys are capuchin monkeys in the genus Sapajus.	Robust capuchin monkey	genus
taxon rank	Coptotermes lacteus, the milk termite, is a species of termite in the family Rhinotermitidae, native to Australia.	Coptotermes lacteus	species
taxon rank	Dactylorhiza praetermissa, the southern marsh orchid or leopard marsh orchid, is a commonly occurring species of European orchid.	Dactylorhiza praetermissa	species
taxon rank	Dalrympelea stipulacea is a species of plant in the Staphyleaceae family.	Dalrympelea stipulacea	species
taxon rank	Sardinella neglecta (East African sardinella) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Sardinella from the Indian Ocean, from the east coast of Africa.	Sardinella neglecta	species
taxon rank	The family Corydalidae contains the megalopterous insects known as dobsonflies and fishflies.	Corydalidae	family
taxon rank	Pterostylis nutans, commonly known as the Nodding Greenhood or the Parrot's Beak Orchid, is an orchid species native to Australia and New Zealand.	Pterostylis nutans	species
taxon rank	Rhododendron hancockii (滇南杜鹃) is a rhododendron species native to Guangxi and Yunnan, China, where it grows at altitudes of 1100--2000 meters.	Rhododendron hancockii	species
taxon rank	Maliarpha separatella, the African white stemborer, is a species of moth of the family Pyralidae.	Maliarpha separatella	species
taxon rank	Trupanea stellata is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trupanea of the family Tephritidae.	Trupanea stellata	species
taxon rank	Leptopeza is a genus of hybotid flies.	Leptopeza	genus
taxon rank	Dipodium bicallosum is an orchid species that is native to Peninsular Malaysia and Sumatra in Indonesia.	Dipodium bicallosum	species
taxon rank	Conasprella kitteredgei is a species of fossil sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.	Conasprella kitteredgei	species
taxon rank	Dysphania multifida is a species of flowering plant in the amaranth family known by the common names cutleaf goosefoot and scented gooosefoot.	Dysphania multifida	species
taxon rank	Procambarus pogum, the bearded crayfish or bearded red crayfish, is a species of crayfish in the family Cambaridae.	Procambarus pogum	species
taxon rank	Paratypothorax is an extinct genus of aetosaur, known by one species, Paratypothorax andressi.	Paratypothorax	genus
taxon rank	Penstemon rhizomatosus is a rare species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common names Scheel Creek beardtongue and rhizome beardtongue.	Penstemon rhizomatosus	species
taxon rank	Cyperus lupulinus, the Great Plains Flatsedge, is a plant species native to North America.	Cyperus lupulinus	species
taxon rank	Aeolidiella albopunctata is a species of sea slug, an aeolid nudibranch in the family Aeolidiidae.	Aeolidiella albopunctata	species
taxon rank	Masdevallia rolfeana is a species of orchid endemic to Costa Rica.	Masdevallia rolfeana	species
taxon rank	Shorea stenoptera, called the Light Red Meranti, is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family.	Shorea stenoptera	species
taxon rank	Dinoseris is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the sunflower family, containing the single species Dinoseris salicifolia.	Dinoseris	species
taxon rank	Himacerus mirmicoides is a species of damsel bugs belonging to the family Nabidae, subfamily Nabinae.	Himacerus mirmicoides	species
taxon rank	Cordia obliqua, the clammy cherry, is a flowering plant species in the genus Cordia.	Cordia obliqua	species
taxon rank	Chionoecetes bairdi is a species of crab known alternatively as bairdi crab and tanner crab.	Chionoecetes bairdi	species
taxon rank	Common Supple Skink, Lankascincus fallax, also known as Peter's Lanka Skink, is a species of skink endemic to island of Sri Lanka.	Lankascincus fallax	species
taxon rank	Paratoxodera pluto is a species of praying mantis found in Malaysia and Sumatra.	Paratoxodera pluto	species
taxon rank	Glaucus atlanticus (common names include the sea swallow, blue angel, blue glaucus, blue dragon, blue sea slug and blue ocean slug) is a species of small, blue sea slug, a pelagic aeolid nudibranch, a shell-less gastropod mollusk in the family Glaucidae.	Glaucus atlanticus	species
taxon rank	Hyporhamphus is a genus of halfbeaks.	Hyporhamphus	genus
taxon rank	Symphyletes nodosus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Symphyletes.	Symphyletes nodosus	species
taxon rank	Trifolium thompsonii is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Thompson's clover.	Trifolium thompsonii	species
taxon rank	Procottus major is one of the four recognized species of the deepwater sculpin fish genus Procottus, endemic to Lake Baikal, Siberia.	Procottus major	species
taxon rank	The Anthomyiidae are a large and diverse family of Muscoidea flies.	Anthomyiidae	family
taxon rank	Labidesthes is a genus of Neotropical silverside found in Gulf of Mexico drainages (including the Brazos River, Mississippi River, Neches River, Pearl River), east around the southern tip of peninsular Florida and north to the Pee Dee River drainage and the Great Lakes (excluding Lake Superior)- St-Lawrence River drainages.	Labidesthes	genus
taxon rank	Arctotis venusta is a species of South African plants in the daisy family.	Arctotis venusta	species
taxon rank	Contarinia quinquenotata is a small midge which infests the flower buds of Hemerocallis species causing the flower to remain closed and rot.	Contarinia quinquenotata	species
taxon rank	Viburnum carlesii (common names arrowwood, Koreanspice viburnum) is a species of flowering plant in the family Adoxaceae (formerly Caprifoliaceae), native to Korea and Japan (Tsushima Island).	Viburnum carlesii	species
taxon rank	Helix aperta, also known as Cantareus apertus, and commonly known as the green garden snail, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae, the typical snails.	Helix aperta	species
taxon rank	Megacephala morsii is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Fairmaire in 1882.	Megacephala morsii	species
taxon rank	Thylacinus potens (``powerful pouch'') was the largest species of the family Thylacinidae, originally known from a single poorly preserved fossil discovered by Michael O. Woodburne in 1967 in a Late Miocene locality near Alice Springs, Northern Territory.	Thylacinus potens	species
taxon rank	Hypocosmia definitalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Hypocosmia.	Hypocosmia definitalis	species
taxon rank	Glena plumosaria, the dainty gray moth or plumose gray moth, is a species of moth in the family Geometridae.	Glena plumosaria	species
taxon rank	Ceanothus tomentosus, with the common name woollyleaf ceanothus, is a species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae.	Ceanothus tomentosus	species
taxon rank	The Red Column Cymbidium (Cymbidium erythrostylum) is a species of orchid.	Cymbidium erythrostylum	species
taxon rank	Allocota bicolor is a species of ground beetle in the Lebiinae subfamily that can be found in such Asian countries as China, Laos, Thailand and Viet Nam.	Allocota bicolor	species
taxon rank	The Sierra Tontal tuco-tuco (Ctenomys tulduco) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae.	Sierra Tontal tuco-tuco	species
taxon rank	Colchicum laetum is a species of Colchicum found in south east Russia through to the Caucasus.	Colchicum laetum	species
taxon rank	Sinotherium (``Chinese Beast'') was a genus of single-horned rhinoceri of the late Miocene and Pliocene.	Sinotherium	genus
taxon rank	Micreumenes is an afrotropical genus of potter wasps with 30 described species.	Micreumenes	genus
taxon rank	Mycosphaerella is a genus of ascomycota.	Mycosphaerella	genus
taxon rank	Symphoricarpos occidentalis, commonly called western snowberry or wolfberry, is a woody species of flowering plant in the honeysuckle family.	Symphoricarpos occidentalis	species
taxon rank	Similocorus negrosensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Similocorus.	Similocorus negrosensis	species
taxon rank	Nematolepis squamea , commonly known as Satinwood, is a shrub or small tree species which is endemic to Australia.	Nematolepis squamea	species
taxon rank	Pikaihao bartlei, also referred to as Bartle's Bittern or the Saint Bathans bittern, is a genus and species of prehistoric small bittern from the Early Miocene of New Zealand.	Pikaihao	genus
taxon rank	Protatlanta rotundata is an extinct species of sea snail, a holoplanktonic marine gastropod mollusk in the family Atlantidae.	Protatlanta rotundata	species
taxon rank	Celmisia tomentella is a species of perennial herb in the family Asteraceae.	Celmisia tomentella	species
taxon rank	Prosartes maculata is a North American species of plants in the lily family with the common names yellow mandarin, spotted mandarin or nodding mandarin.	Prosartes maculata	species
taxon rank	Hippeutis complanatus, or the flat ram's-horn snail, is a species of minute air-breathing freshwater snail, an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails.	Hippeutis complanatus	species
taxon rank	Astelia waialealae is a rare species of plant in the Asteliaceae family that is endemic to the island of Kauaʻi of the state of Hawaii in United States.	Astelia waialealae	species
taxon rank	Coreopsis pubescens, called Star tickseed, is a North American species of tickseeds in the sunflower family.	Coreopsis pubescens	species
taxon rank	Cistus ladanifer is a species of flowering plant in the family Cistaceae.	Cistus ladanifer	species
taxon rank	Schoenocaulon is a North American genus of perennial herbaceous flowering plants, ranging from the southern United States to Peru.	Schoenocaulon	genus
taxon rank	Myleus is a genus of serrasalmids from South America, where found in the Amazon, Orinoco, São Francisco and Paraguay--	Myleus	genus
taxon rank	Udea is a genus of moths of the family Crambidae.	Udea	genus
taxon rank	Typhochlaena paschoali is a species of tarantula (family Theraphosidae), in the subfamily Aviculariinae.	Typhochlaena paschoali	species
taxon rank	Aecidium narcissi is a species of fungus in the Pucciniales order, causing rust in daffodils (Narcissus) and various wild Orchidaceae.	Aecidium narcissi	species
taxon rank	Emblanda emblematica is a species of sea snail, a marine aquatic operculate gastropod mollusks in the clade Littorinimorpha.	Emblanda emblematica	species
taxon rank	Bawitius is an extinct genus of giant polypterid from the Upper Cretaceous (lower Cenomanian) Bahariya Formation of Egypt.	Bawitius	genus
taxon rank	The Lotidae are a family of cod-like fishes commonly known as lings or rocklings.	Lotidae	family
taxon rank	Rhaphidospora cavernarum is a plant species in the family Acanthaceae.	Rhaphidospora cavernarum	species
taxon rank	Callitriche christensenii is a species of plant in the Callitrichaceae family.	Callitriche christensenii	species
taxon rank	Pseudoboa neuwiedii, commonly known as the ratonel, is a species of snake endemic to northern South America.	Pseudoboa neuwiedii	species
taxon rank	Calvatia cyathiformis, or Purple-spored Puffball, is a large edible saprobic species of Calvatia.	Calvatia cyathiformis	species
taxon rank	Phrynobatrachus manengoubensis is a species of frog in the Petropedetidae family.	Phrynobatrachus manengoubensis	species
taxon rank	Eulecanium cerasorum, the calico scale, is species of scale insect.	Eulecanium cerasorum	species
taxon rank	One variety of the species is Viburnum nudum var. cassinoides; synonyms for this variety Viburnum nitidum Aiton, Viburnum cassinoides, Viburnum cassinoides var. harbisonii, Viburnum cassinoides var. nitidum, and Viburnum nitidum.	Viburnum nudum	species
taxon rank	Papaver rupifragum var. atlanticum, the Moroccan poppy or Spanish poppy, also known as Papaver atlanticum, the Atlas poppy, is variety of Papaver rupifragum, a species of poppy.	Papaver rupifragum var. atlanticum	species
taxon rank	Murupi linearis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Murupi.	Murupi linearis	species
taxon rank	Theridiosoma gemmosum is a species of spider in the family Theridiosomatidae, known as ray spiders.	Theridiosoma gemmosum	species
taxon rank	Nebria tristicula is a species of black coloured ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Georgia and Russia, in Yatyrgvart mountains.	Nebria tristicula	species
taxon rank	Mongoose is the popular English name for 29 of 34 species in the 14 genera of the family Herpestidae, which are small carnivorans that are native to southern Eurasia and mainland Africa.	Mongoose	family
taxon rank	Olsynium junceum is a species of the iris family, native to South America (Bolivia, Peru, Argentina, Chile).	Olsynium junceum	species
taxon rank	Anania hortulata, the small magpie, is a species of moth of the family Crambidae.	Anania hortulata	species
taxon rank	Megarhyssa greenei is a species of large ichneumon wasp.	Megarhyssa greenei	species
taxon rank	Succinea sanctaehelenae is a species of land snail in the family Succineidae, the amber snails.	Succinea sanctaehelenae	species
taxon rank	It was described by Amsel in 1953, and contains the species Macropyralis gigantalis.	Macropyralis	species
taxon rank	Conus aulicus, common name the princely cone, is a species of a predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.	Conus aulicus	species
taxon rank	Erigeron filifolius is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family known by the common names thread-leaf fleabane.	Erigeron filifolius	species
taxon rank	Allium tolmiei is a plant species native to Idaho, eastern and central Oregon, southeastern Washington, northwestern Nevada and northeastern California.	Allium tolmiei	species
taxon rank	Spilocuscus is a genus of marsupial in the family Phalangeridae.	Spilocuscus	genus
taxon rank	Dubautia plantaginea is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name plantainleaf dubautia.	Dubautia plantaginea	species
taxon rank	Leucauge celebesiana, commonly called the black-striped orchard spider, is a species of spider belonging to the family Tetragnathidae.	Leucauge celebesiana	species
taxon rank	Juniperus occidentalis usually occurs on dry, rocky sites where there is less competition from larger species like ponderosa pine and coast Douglas-fir.	Juniperus occidentalis	species
taxon rank	Ebrachosaurus is an extinct genus of aetosaur.	Ebrachosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Lethrinops lunaris is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it occurs in shallow waters with sandy substrates.	Lethrinops lunaris	species
taxon rank	Zobellia galactanovorans is a marine species of Flavobacteriaceae first isolated from a red alga.	Zobellia galactanovorans	species
taxon rank	Strigocuscus is a marsupial genus in the family Phalangeridae.	Strigocuscus	genus
taxon rank	Baileya pauciradiata is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family which is known by the common names laxflower and Colorado desert marigold.	Baileya pauciradiata	species
taxon rank	Salix geyeriana is a species of willow known by the common names Geyer's willow, Geyer willow and silver willow.	Salix geyeriana	species
taxon rank	Testudina is a genus of fungi in the family Testudinaceae.	Testudina	genus
taxon rank	Drymobius melanotropis, commonly known as the black forest racer, is a species of nonvenomous colubrid snake endemic to Central America.	Drymobius melanotropis	species
taxon rank	Hypomasticus is a genus of headstander native to tropical South America.	Hypomasticus	genus
taxon rank	Panopinae is a subfamily of small-headed fly.	Panopinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Pholidosauridae is an extinct family of aquatic neosuchian mesoeucrocodylian crocodylomorphs.	Pholidosauridae	family
taxon rank	Oneirophanta mutabilis is a species of sea cucumber in the family Deimatidae.	Oneirophanta mutabilis	species
taxon rank	Nicanthes rhodoclea is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family and only species in the Nicanthes genus.	Nicanthes rhodoclea	species
taxon rank	Cylindera apiata is a species of ground beetle of the subfamily Cicindelinae.	Cylindera apiata	species
taxon rank	Metriocheila nigricollis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Metriocheila.	Metriocheila nigricollis	species
taxon rank	Polemonium pectinatum is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common names Washington Jacob's-ladder and Washington polemonium.	Polemonium pectinatum	species
taxon rank	Eotriceratops (meaning ``dawn three horned face'') is a genus of herbivorous ceratopsian dinosaurs which lived in the area of North America during the late Cretaceous period.	Eotriceratops	genus
taxon rank	Acropora granulosa is a species of acroporid coral found in the northern and southwest Indian Ocean, the Red Sea, Australia, the East China Sea, Japan, the oceanic central and western Pacific Ocean, and the central Indo-Pacific.	Acropora granulosa	species
taxon rank	Enneapogon is a cosmopolitan genus of plants in the grass family.	Enneapogon	genus
taxon rank	Peckoltia vittata is a species of catfish belonging to the subfamily Hypostominae of the Loricariidae family of catfish.This species possesses the L-number L015	Peckoltia vittata	species
taxon rank	Pseudanophthalmus is a genus of cave beetle.	Pseudanophthalmus	genus
taxon rank	Mycobacterium gordonae is a species of Mycobacterium named for Ruth E. Gordon.	Mycobacterium gordonae	species
taxon rank	Carabus maurus osculatii is a subspecies of beetle from Carabidae family, that is endemic to Iran.	Carabus maurus osculatii	subspecies
taxon rank	Conus kermadecensis, common name the Kermadec cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus kermadecensis	species
taxon rank	The first westerner to describe this species was Gerhard Walpers who named it Lepidium meyenii in 1843.	Lepidium meyenii	species
taxon rank	Amethysa macquarti is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Amethysa of the family Ulidiidae.	Amethysa macquarti	species
taxon rank	Dendropsophus acreanus (common name: Acre treefrog) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.	Dendropsophus acreanus	species
taxon rank	Pyracantha coccinea, the scarlet firethorn is the European species of firethorn that has been cultivated in gardens since the late 16th century.	Pyracantha coccinea	species
taxon rank	Gobiconodon is an extinct genus of carnivorous mammal from the early Cretaceous.	Gobiconodon	genus
taxon rank	Arca noae or the Noah's Ark shell is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Arcidae.	Arca noae	species
taxon rank	Enneanectes reticulatus, known commonly as the Network triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny.	Enneanectes reticulatus	species
taxon rank	Operculina is a genus member of the morning-glory family of plants which contains 15 species that are located throughout the world.	Operculina	genus
taxon rank	Lonchophylla inexpectata is a species of leaf-nosed bat found in Brazil.	Lonchophylla inexpectata	species
taxon rank	Averrhoa carambola is a species of woody plant in the family Oxalidaceae; it has a number of common names including carambola and starfruit.	Averrhoa carambola	species
taxon rank	Tachina breviventris is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that is endemic to Brazil.	Tachina breviventris	species
taxon rank	Conus madecassinus is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.	Conus madecassinus	species
taxon rank	Phaonia atriceps is a species of fly which is widely distribution across the Palaearctic.	Phaonia atriceps	species
taxon rank	Astragalus proximus is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Aztec milkvetch.	Astragalus proximus	species
taxon rank	Sigapatella novaezelandiae, common name the circular slipper limpet, is a species of medium-sized sea snail, a marine gastropod molluscs in the family Calyptraeidae.	Sigapatella novaezelandiae	species
taxon rank	Asperspina is a genus of sea slugs, marine gastropod mollusks within the clade Acochlidiacea.	Asperspina	genus
taxon rank	Calmidae is a taxonomic family of sea slugs with only one genus and two species.	Calmidae	family
taxon rank	Eugnathichthys is a genus of distichodontid fishes found in the Congo basin.	Eugnathichthys	genus
taxon rank	The Tibetan red deer (Cervus canadensis wallichi) also known as shou is a subspecies of Wapiti that is native to the southern Tibetan highlands and Bhutan.	Tibetan red deer	subspecies
taxon rank	Glipa matsukai is a species of beetle in the Glipa genus.	Glipa matsukai	species
taxon rank	Notylia pentachne is a species of orchid that native to Honduras, Panama, Colombia and Venezuela.	Notylia pentachne	species
taxon rank	Cymopterus davisii is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name Davis' springparsley.	Cymopterus davisii	species
taxon rank	Pristimantis gladiator (common name: Papallacta Valley robber frog) is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.	Pristimantis gladiator	species
taxon rank	Delapparentia is a genus of iguanodont dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous period of Galve, Teruel Province, Spain.	Delapparentia	genus
taxon rank	Calliostoma carcellesi, common name Carcelle's top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.	Calliostoma carcellesi	species
taxon rank	Tricuspidalestes caeruleus is a species of African tetra endemic to the Democratic Republic of Congo.	Tricuspidalestes caeruleus	species
taxon rank	Thelypodium integrifolium is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names entireleaved thelypody and foxtail thelypodium.	Thelypodium integrifolium	species
taxon rank	Caryocar nuciferum, the butter-nut of Guiana, is also known as pekea-nut, or -- like all other species of Caryocar with edible nuts -- ``souari-nut'' or ``sawarri-nut''.	Caryocar nuciferum	species
taxon rank	Erythronium americanum (Trout lily, Yellow trout lily, Yellow dogtooth violet) is a species of perennial spring ephemeral flower native to North America and dwelling in woodland habitats.	Erythronium americanum	species
taxon rank	Listracanthus is a genus of extinct holocephalid closely related to Edestus.	Listracanthus	genus
taxon rank	Rhinogobius duospilus is a species of goby native to China and Vietnam where they can be found in fresh or brackish waters.	Rhinogobius duospilus	species
taxon rank	Frasera neglecta (syn. Swertia neglecta) is a species of flowering plant in the gentian family known by the common name pine green gentian.	Frasera neglecta	species
taxon rank	Trichomycterus chungaraensis is a species of pencil catfish endemic to Chile, where it is found in the streams around Lake Chungará.	Trichomycterus chungaraensis	species
taxon rank	Takydromus haughtonianus, commonly known as the Goalpara grass lizard, is a species of lacertid lizard endemic to India.	Takydromus haughtonianus	species
taxon rank	Ophidiaster granifer, the grained seastar, is a species of starfish in the family Ophidiasteridae.	Ophidiaster granifer	species
taxon rank	Antanambia nigricans is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Antanambia.	Antanambia	genus
taxon rank	Olearia erubescens, commonly known as Moth Daisy-bush or Pink-tip Daisy-bush, is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.	Olearia erubescens	species
taxon rank	It is the only species in genus Vitellaria, and is indigenous to Africa.	Vitellaria	species
taxon rank	Fomes fomentarius (commonly known as the tinder fungus, false tinder fungus, hoof fungus, tinder conk, tinder polypore or ice man fungus) is a species of fungal plant pathogen found in Europe, Asia, Africa and North America.	Fomes fomentarius	species
taxon rank	Asarum marmoratum is a species of wild ginger known by the common name marbled wild ginger.	Asarum marmoratum	species
taxon rank	Melica altissima, commonly known as Siberian melic grass, is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that was introduced to Ontario, Oklahoma and New York.	Melica altissima	species
taxon rank	Azospirillum halopraeferens is a species of nitrogen-fixing bacteria associated with the roots of Leptochloa fusca and black mangrove.	Azospirillum halopraeferens	species
taxon rank	Galium antarcticum, commonly known as Antarctic bedstraw or subantarctic bedstraw, is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family.	Galium antarcticum	species
taxon rank	Rhinosimus is a genus of narrow-waisted bark beetles, usually recognized by the long rostrum on the head of an adult beetle.	Rhinosimus	genus
taxon rank	In the fossil record, pollen has been found which seems to be related to the living Lactoris species.	Lactoris	species
taxon rank	Archaeopsittacus is a genus of prehistoric parrot.	Archaeopsittacus	genus
taxon rank	Agrostis oregonensis is a species of grass known by the common name Oregon bent grass.	Agrostis oregonensis	species
taxon rank	Cycadeoidaceae is a family of bennettitalean plant which flourished in the Mesozoic era.	Cycadeoidaceae	family
taxon rank	Haplosciadium abyssinicum is a species of flowering plant in the Apiaceae (Umbelliferae) family; it is the only member of its genus.	Haplosciadium	species
taxon rank	Shirakiopsis is a genus of flowering plants in the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1999.	Shirakiopsis	genus
taxon rank	Eudactylina corrugata is a species of parasitic copepod found on the little skate (Leucoraja erinacea) and the thorny skate (Amblyraja radiata) that is only known from St. Andrews, New Brunswick and Woods Hole, Massachusetts.	Eudactylina corrugata	species
taxon rank	Inermocoelotes brevispinus is a funnel-web spider species found in Bulgaria.	Inermocoelotes brevispinus	species
taxon rank	Peltops is a genus of bird in the family Artamidae.	Peltops	genus
taxon rank	Megalagrion leptodemas is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae that is endemic to the island of Oʻahu in Hawaii.	Megalagrion leptodemas	species
taxon rank	Dieteria is a North American genus of flowering plants in the sunflower family.	Dieteria	genus
taxon rank	Umbilicaria vellea is a species of lichen in the genus Umbilicaria.	Umbilicaria vellea	species
taxon rank	Elbretornis is an extinct genus of enantiornithine which existed in what is now Salta Province, Argentina during the late Cretaceous period.	Elbretornis	genus
taxon rank	Phyllomenia is a genus of sterrofustian solenogasters, shell-less, worm-like, marine mollusks.	Phyllomenia	genus
taxon rank	Aconitum columbianum is a species of flowering plant in the buttercup family known by the common names Columbian monkshood or western monkshood.	Aconitum columbianum	species
taxon rank	Irpex destruens is a species of fungus in the family Meruliaceae.	Irpex destruens	species
taxon rank	Gerrardina is a genus of two species of trees, shrubs, and scrambling shrubs found in southeastern Africa.	Gerrardina	genus
taxon rank	Alopecurus setarioides is a species of foxtail grass that is found in France, Greece, Italy and Turkey.	Alopecurus setarioides	species
taxon rank	Distorsio reticularis, common name reticulate distorsio, is a species of medium-sized sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Personidae, the Distortio snails.	Distorsio reticularis	species
taxon rank	Carabus exiguus evae is a black-coloured subspecies of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily, that is endemic to Qinghai, China.	Carabus exiguus evae	subspecies
taxon rank	Phrynocephalus versicolor, the variegated toadhead agama, is a species of agamid lizard found in desert areas of China and Mongolia.	Phrynocephalus versicolor	species
taxon rank	Fritillaria anhuiensis is a Chinese species of bulb-forming plants in the lily family.	Fritillaria anhuiensis	species
taxon rank	The Trombidiformes are a large, diverse order of mites.	Trombidiformes	order
taxon rank	Eucrypta micrantha is a species of flowering plant in the waterleaf family known by the common name dainty desert hideseed.	Eucrypta micrantha	species
taxon rank	Panellus stipticus, commonly known as the bitter oyster, the astringent panus, the luminescent panellus, or the stiptic fungus, is a species of fungus in the family Mycenaceae, and the type species of the genus Panellus.	Panellus stipticus	species
taxon rank	Nichollsia is a genus of isopod crustaceans from India.	Nichollsia	genus
taxon rank	Sirex juvencus is a species of wasp found in Europe, Siberia, Sakhalin Island, Japan, the Philippines, Algeria, New Zealand, and several other countries.	Sirex juvencus	species
taxon rank	Being very poorly known, the Bornean peacock-pheasant was long considered to be a subspecies of the Malayan peacock-pheasant, but the two species are well-isolated geographically.	Bornean peacock-pheasant	species
taxon rank	Sarcolaena is a genus of flowering plants in the family Sarcolaenaceae.	Sarcolaena	genus
taxon rank	Melica smithii, Smith's melic grass is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that can be found in such Canadian provinces as Alberta, British Columbia, Quebec, Ontario, and the US states such as Idaho, Michigan, Montana, South Dakota, Washington, Wisconsin, and Wyoming.	Melica smithii	species
taxon rank	Hedera maderensis, or Madeiran Ivy, is a species of Ivy (genus Hedera) which is native to the Atlantic coast in Madeira island.	Hedera maderensis	species
taxon rank	Bassarodes siriaca is a moth in the Xyloryctidae family, and the only species in the genus Bassarodes.	Bassarodes siriaca	species
taxon rank	Liaoxitriton is an extinct genus of prehistoric salamanders from the Mesozoic of China.	Liaoxitriton	genus
taxon rank	Pseudorthonychiidae is an extinct, monogeneric (contains only one genus) family of fossil snails, gastropod mollusks in the clade Cycloneritimorpha (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Pseudorthonychiidae	family
taxon rank	Calandrinia breweri is a species of flowering plant in the purslane family known by the common name Brewer's redmaids.	Calandrinia breweri	species
taxon rank	Inglorius is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae, containing only one species, the Mediocre Skipper (Inglorius mediocris).	Inglorius	genus
taxon rank	Paradyemus nodicollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Paradyemus.	Paradyemus nodicollis	species
taxon rank	Napeogenes tolosa, the Tolosa Tigerwing, is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family.	Napeogenes tolosa	species
taxon rank	The Rhipsalideae are a small tribe of cacti, comprising four genera (and around 60 species).	Rhipsalideae	tribe
taxon rank	Gymnosteris is a small genus of flowering plants in the phlox family.	Gymnosteris	genus
taxon rank	Clathrina intermedia is a sponge species of the genus Clathrina.	Clathrina intermedia	species
taxon rank	Geitodoris heathi, common name ``Heath's dorid'', is a species of colorful sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Dorididae.	Geitodoris heathi	species
taxon rank	The Muli pika (Ochotona muliensis) is a species of mammal in the family Ochotonidae.	Muli pika	species
taxon rank	Hemaris is a genus of sphinx moths in the subfamily Macroglossinae.	Hemaris	genus
taxon rank	The Almirante Trail toad (Incilius peripatetes) is a species of toad endemic to Panama.	Almirante Trail toad	species
taxon rank	Chianghsia is an extinct genus of monstersaurian platynotan known from the Late Cretaceous deposits of the Nanxiong Formation, southern China.	Chianghsia	genus
taxon rank	Terebra pertusa, common name the perforated auger, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae, the auger snails.	Terebra pertusa	species
taxon rank	Argostemmateae is a tribe of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family and contains about 215 species in 4 genera.	Argostemmateae	tribe
taxon rank	Dasia olivacea, the olive Dasia or olive tree skink, is a species of skink native to Southeast Asia.	Dasia olivacea	species
taxon rank	Ixodes pacificus, the Western black-legged tick, is a species of Ixodes, a parasitic tick found on the western coast of North America.	Ixodes pacificus	species
taxon rank	Nanula tasmanica is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails	Nanula tasmanica	species
taxon rank	Hygrophila gracillima is a species of plant in the family Acanthaceae.	Hygrophila gracillima	species
taxon rank	Sanicula bipinnata is a species of plant in the carrot family known by the common name poison sanicle.	Sanicula bipinnata	species
taxon rank	Callinectes marginatus, known as the ``sharptooth swimcrab'' or ``marbled swimcrab'', is a species of swimming crab in the genus Callinectes.	Callinectes marginatus	species
taxon rank	Lessoniaceae are a family of kelp.	Lessoniaceae	family
taxon rank	Octopus chierchiae commonly known as the lesser Pacific striped octopus is a species of octopus.	Octopus chierchiae	species
taxon rank	Trachymetopon is an extinct genus of prehistoric coelacanth.	Trachymetopon	genus
taxon rank	Conomurex fasciatus, common name the lined conch, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae, the true conchs.	Conomurex fasciatus	species
taxon rank	Berosus metalliceps is a species of hydrophilid beetle from the United States, Mexico, the Bahamas and Cuba.	Berosus metalliceps	species
taxon rank	Trophodiscus almus is a species of starfish in the family Astropectinidae.	Trophodiscus almus	species
taxon rank	Xyris torta, the slender yelloweyed grass, is a North American species of flowering plants in the yellow-eyed-grass family.	Xyris torta	species
taxon rank	Zygia is a genus of flowering plants in the pea family, Fabaceae.	Zygia	genus
taxon rank	Rimella fissurella is an extinct species of fossil sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae, the true conchs.	Rimella fissurella	species
taxon rank	Lasthenia coronaria is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name royal goldfields.	Lasthenia coronaria	species
taxon rank	Centromadia parryi (pappose tarweed) is a species of North American plants in the tarweed tribe within the sunflower family.	Centromadia parryi	species
taxon rank	Pseudomonas tolaasii is a species of Gram-negative soil bacteria that is the causal agent of bacterial blotch on cultivated mushrooms (Agaricus bisporus).	Pseudomonas tolaasii	species
taxon rank	Tomohammus strandi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Tomohammus.	Tomohammus strandi	species
taxon rank	Onykia ingens, the greater hooked squid, is a species of squid in the family Onychoteuthidae.	Onykia ingens	species
taxon rank	The Luidia sarsi is a species of starfish.	Luidia sarsi	species
taxon rank	Milnesium tardigradum is a cosmopolitan species of tardigrade that can be found in a diverse range of environments.	Milnesium tardigradum	species
taxon rank	Descurainia torulosa is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names Wyoming tansymustard and Wind River tansymustard.	Descurainia torulosa	species
taxon rank	Metaviridae are a family of viruses which exist as retrotransposons in a eukaryotic host's genome.	Metaviridae	family
taxon rank	Megachile rubi is a species of leaf cutting bee in the family Megachilidae, found in the eastern United States.	Megachile rubi	species
taxon rank	Tephrodornithidae is a family of birds that includes the genera Hemipus, Tephrodornis and Philentoma.	Tephrodornithidae	family
taxon rank	Lotus alpinus, common name alpine bird's-foot trefoil, is a species of legume in the family Fabaceae.	Lotus alpinus	species
taxon rank	Beaked whales are the members of the family Ziphiidae, which consists of 22 species.	Beaked whale	family
taxon rank	Chaenostoma cordatum, also known by the names bacopa or ornamental bacopa (not to be confused with the genus Bacopa), is one of 52 species in the genus Chaenostoma (Scrophulariaceae), and is best known in its cultivated forms.	Chaenostoma cordatum	species
taxon rank	Ichthyophaga is a genus of two species of eagles, closely related to the sea-eagles in the genus Haliaeetus.	Ichthyophaga	genus
taxon rank	Xylodromus sassuchini is a species of rove beetle in the Omaliinae subfamily that is endemic to Russia.	Xylodromus sassuchini	species
taxon rank	Altirhinus (/ˌæltɨˈraɪnəs/; ``high snout'') is a genus of iguanodontian ornithopod dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous Period of Mongolia.	Altirhinus	genus
taxon rank	Hydrochorea is a legume genus in the subfamily Mimosoideae.	Hydrochorea	genus
taxon rank	Stegastes leucostictus is a species of damselfish found near the sea bed in shallow waters on the western fringes of the Atlantic Ocean.	Stegastes leucostictus	species
taxon rank	Nikkasaurus is an extinct genus of therapsid.	Nikkasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Rhododendron occidentale, the western azalea or California azalea, is one of two deciduous Rhododendron species native to western North America (the other is Rhododendron albiflorum).	Rhododendron occidentale	species
taxon rank	Russula laeta is a brittle gill species that was first described by Julius Schäffer in 1952.	Russula laeta	species
taxon rank	Vulpes skinneri is a species of extinct fox in the genus Vulpes of the early Pleistocene, identified based on fossil remains dated to about 2 million years ago.	Vulpes skinneri	species
taxon rank	Bensoniella is a monotypic genus of plants in the saxifrage family containing the single species Bensoniella oregona (also, B. oregana), which is known by the common name Oregon bensoniella, or simply bensoniella.	Bensoniella	species
taxon rank	Vanda bensonii is a species of orchid found from Assam to Thailand.	Vanda bensonii	species
taxon rank	Plasmodium lucens is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Novyella Like all Plasmodium species P. lucens has both vertebrate and insect hosts.	Plasmodium lucens	species
taxon rank	Cymbiola cymbiola, common name the crown volute, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae, the volutes.	Cymbiola cymbiola	species
taxon rank	Kallidecthes is an extinct genus of crustacean.	Kallidecthes	genus
taxon rank	Sawadaea tulasnei is a form of Powdery mildew is a species of fungus in the family Erysiphaceae.	Sawadaea tulasnei	species
taxon rank	Carex lyngbyei is a species of sedge known by the common name Lyngbye's sedge.	Carex lyngbyei	species
taxon rank	Columella aspera is a species of very small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae, the vertigo snails.	Columella aspera	species
taxon rank	Acentrogobius is a genus of gobies native to marine, fresh and brackish waters of the coasts of the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.	Acentrogobius	genus
taxon rank	Allopathes desbonni is a species of Coral of the genus Allopathes.	Allopathes desbonni	species
taxon rank	Polemon fulvicollis, or the African snake-eater, is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake in the family Atractaspididae.	Polemon fulvicollis	species
taxon rank	Syritta pipiens is a very common species of European hover fly.	Syritta pipiens	species
taxon rank	Micromelerpeton is an extinct genus of dissorophoidean euskelian temnospondyl within the family Micromelerpetontidae.	Micromelerpeton	genus
taxon rank	Perideridia lemmonii is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common names Lemmon's yampah and tuni.	Perideridia lemmonii	species
taxon rank	Nanorana pleskei (common names: Songpan slow frog, Pleske's high altitude frog, plateau frog) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family.	Nanorana pleskei	species
taxon rank	Atriplex bunburyana, commonly known as Silver Saltbush, is a species of saltbush endemic to Western Australia.	Atriplex bunburyana	species
taxon rank	Sclerodactyla briareus, commonly known as the hairy sea cucumber, is a species of marine invertebrate in the family Sclerodactylidae.	Sclerodactyla briareus	species
taxon rank	Stalachtis euterpe is a species of butterfly of the Riodinidae family.	Stalachtis euterpe	species
taxon rank	Ectopocynus (``strange dog'') is an extinct genus of small bone crushing carnivorous mammal similar to a dog of the family Canidae which inhabited North America during the Oligocene.	Ectopocynus	genus
taxon rank	Gynatrix is a genus of dioecious flowering plants in the family Malvaceae, endemic to south-east Australia.	Gynatrix	genus
taxon rank	Synodus intermedius, the sand diver, is a species of fish in the lizardfish family, Synodontidae, a basal ray-finned fish in the class Actinopterygii.	Synodus intermedius	species
taxon rank	Thrinax excelsa, commonly known as broad thatch, is a species of palm which is endemic to Jamaica.	Thrinax excelsa	species
taxon rank	Ampulex dementor is a species of cockroach wasp native to Thailand, described in 2014 by Michael Ohl of the Museum für Naturkunde in Berlin, Germany.	Ampulex dementor	species
taxon rank	Ophioscincus is a genus of skink known to inhabit parts of Australia.	Ophioscincus	genus
taxon rank	Lasioglossum semisculptum, also known as the Lasioglossum (Ctenomia) semisculptum, is a species of bees in the genus Lasioglossum, of the family Halictidae.	Lasioglossum semisculptum	species
taxon rank	Buddleja thyrsoides is a lowland species endemic from southern Paraguay to the deltas of the Río de la Plata and Paraná River in Brazil, Argentina and Uruguay.	Buddleja thyrsoides	species
taxon rank	Pareuseboides albomarmoratus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pareuseboides.	Pareuseboides albomarmoratus	species
taxon rank	Eocystites was a genus of Cambrian stem-group echinoderm of Australia and Vermont.	Eocystites	genus
taxon rank	Sulfuricurvum kujiense is a facultatively anaerobic, chemolithoautotrophic, sulfur-oxidizing bacterium, the type species of its genus.	Sulfuricurvum kujiense	species
taxon rank	Byrsonima crassifolia is a species of flowering plant in the acerola family, Malpighiaceae, that is native to tropical America.	Byrsonima crassifolia	species
taxon rank	Obruchevichthys is an extinct genus of tetrapod from Latvia during the Late Devonian.	Obruchevichthys	genus
taxon rank	Chilostoma ziegleri is a species of medium-sized, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae, the true snails.	Chilostoma ziegleri	species
taxon rank	Drosophila pseudoobscura is a species of fruit fly, used extensively in lab studies of speciation.	Drosophila pseudoobscura	species
taxon rank	Berberis darwinii is a species of barberry in the family Berberidaceae, native to southern Chile and Argentina and naturalized elsewhere.	Berberis darwinii	species
taxon rank	Nagia linteola is a species of moth in the Erebidae family, this species occurs in South Africa, Congo, Yemen, the Comoros, Mauritius, Madagascar, Indonesia (Borneo), Thailand and in Australia, where it has been recorded from Western Australia, the Northern Territory, Queensland and Victoria.	Nagia linteola	species
taxon rank	Tabernaemontana cordata is a species of plants in the Apocynaceae family.	Tabernaemontana cordata	species
taxon rank	Micropterix anglica is an extinct species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae that was described by Jarzembowski in 1980.	Micropterix anglica	species
taxon rank	Archaeornithomimus (meaning ``ancient bird mimic'') is a genus of ornithomimosaurian theropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of China, 70 million years ago.	Archaeornithomimus	genus
taxon rank	The Latidae, known as the lates perches, are a family of perch-like fishes found in Africa, Asia and the Indian and western Pacific Oceans.	Latidae	family
taxon rank	Paradoxides davidis is a species of trilobite of the Paradoxidae family.	Paradoxides davidis	species
taxon rank	Crusafontia is an extinct genus of Mesozoic mammal.	Crusafontia	genus
taxon rank	Pseudochondrostoma is a genus of cyprinid fish that occurs in the Iberian Peninsula.	Pseudochondrostoma	genus
taxon rank	Brachinus italicus is a species of ground beetle from the Brachininae subfamily that can be found in Italy and on the island of Sicily.	Brachinus italicus	species
taxon rank	Procambarus econfinae, sometimes called the Panama City crayfish, is a species of crayfish in the family Cambaridae.	Procambarus econfinae	species
taxon rank	Hoburogekko is an extinct genus of gecko that includes a single species, Hoburogekko suchanovi, from the Early Cretaceous of Mongolia.	Hoburogekko	genus
taxon rank	Dismegistus costalis is a species of true bugs belonging to the family Parastrachiidae.	Dismegistus costalis	species
taxon rank	Neolamprologus brevis is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it lives in snail shells, primarily of the genus Neothauma.	Neolamprologus brevis	species
taxon rank	Pachydactylus robertsi, commonly known as the large-scaled gecko, shielded thick-toed gecko, or Rauhschuppen-Dickfingergecko in German, is an African species of gecko.	Pachydactylus robertsi	species
taxon rank	Brucella is a genus of Gram-negative bacteria, named after David Bruce (1855-1931).	Brucella	genus
taxon rank	Trachyglanis is a genus of loach catfishes from Africa.	Trachyglanis	genus
taxon rank	Craspedochiton rubiginosus oliveri is a subspecies of chiton in the family Acanthochitonidae.	Craspedochiton rubiginosus oliveri	subspecies
taxon rank	Lebia maraniana is a species of ground beetles in the Harpalinae subfamily that is endemic to Spain.	Lebia maraniana	species
taxon rank	Koshisaurus is a monospecific genus of basal hadrosauroid from the Kitadani Formation in Japan.	Koshisaurus	genus
taxon rank	Nenga is a monoecious genus of flowering plant in the palm endemic to Southeast Asia, commonly called pinang palm.	Nenga	genus
taxon rank	Stenotrema florida, common name the Apalachicola slitmouth, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.	Stenotrema florida	species
taxon rank	Calamagrostis villosa is a species of flowering plant from the Poaceae family which is native to Europe.	Calamagrostis villosa	species
taxon rank	The Ozark big-eared bat is the largest and reddest of the five subspecies of Corynorhinus townsendii and is medium-sized and weighs from 0.2 to 0.5 ounces.	Ozark big-eared bat	subspecies
taxon rank	Ground spiders (family Gnaphosidae) include nearly 2,000 described species in over 100 genera, distributed worldwide.	Ground spider	family
taxon rank	Halocarpus bidwillii (Bog Pine or Mountain Pine) is a species of conifer in the family Podocarpaceae.	Halocarpus bidwillii	species
taxon rank	Argyrochosma nivea is an Andean fern species in the genus Argyrochosma.	Argyrochosma nivea	species
taxon rank	Catalepidia is a genus of a sole described species of medium-sized trees, constituting part of the plant family Proteaceae.	Catalepidia	species
taxon rank	Joffrichthys is a genus of prehistoric bony fish.	Joffrichthys	genus
taxon rank	Acrobasis palliolella, the mantled acrobasis moth, is a species of snout moth in the genus Acrobasis.	Acrobasis palliolella	species
taxon rank	Timbellus phyllopterus, common name : the Leafy Winged Murex, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Timbellus phyllopterus	species
taxon rank	Rudolfiella aurantiaca is a species of orchid occurring from Trinidad to tropical South America.	Rudolfiella aurantiaca	species
taxon rank	Acacia stictophylla, also known as Dandenong Range cinnamon wattle, is a species of Acacia that is endemic to Victoria, Australia.	Acacia stictophylla	species
taxon rank	Hemerocallis hongdoensis, common name Hongdo Island day-lily or (in Korean) hongdo-wonch'uri, is a plant species native to a group of small islands in the Yellow Sea, off the southwest coast of South Korea.	Hemerocallis hongdoensis	species
taxon rank	Colobodesmus crucis is a species of millipede in the family Sphaeriodesmidae that is endemic to San Vito, Costa Rica, where it was first discovered on 17--18 April 1972 by Harold F. Loomis.	Colobodesmus crucis	species
taxon rank	Conus thomae, common name St. Thomas cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus thomae	species
taxon rank	Chrysanthia viridissima is a species of beetles belonging to the family Oedemeridae subfamily Nacerdinae.	Chrysanthia viridissima	species
taxon rank	Cup orchids (genus Brachionidium) are a group of about 72 species of orchids, found throughout much of tropical America (Central America, the West Indies, and South America as far south as Brazil and Bolivia).	Brachionidium	genus
taxon rank	Onchocerca is a genus of parasitic roundworm.	Onchocerca	genus
taxon rank	Physa fontinalis, common name the common bladder snail, is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Physidae.	Physa fontinalis	species
taxon rank	Rhododendron erosum (啮蚀杜鹃) is a rhododendron species native to eastern Bhutan, southern Tibet, and southern Xizang, China, where it grows at altitudes of 3000--3700 meters.	Rhododendron erosum	species
taxon rank	Campylobacter (meaning ``curved bacteria'') is a genus of Gram-negative, microaerophilic, oxidase-positive,catalase-positive, nonfermentative bacteria.	Campylobacter	genus
taxon rank	Croton hancei Benth., the Hong Kong croton, is a shrub or small tree, a species of Croton which is endemic to Tsing Yi Island, Hong Kong.	Croton hancei	species
taxon rank	Hypericum cumulicola is a rare species of flowering plant in the St. John's wort genus known by the common name highlands scrub hypericum, or highlands scrub St. John's wort.	Hypericum cumulicola	species
taxon rank	The Pettalidae are a family of harvestmen with 52 described species and subspecies in eleven genera.	Pettalidae	family
taxon rank	Pogogyne is a small genus of flowering plants in the mint family known generally as mesamints or mesa mints.	Pogogyne	genus
taxon rank	Oecomys rutilus, also known as the reddish oecomys or red arboreal rice rat, is a species of rodent in the genus Oecomys of family Cricetidae.	Oecomys rutilus	species
taxon rank	Pseudocoris is a genus of wrasses native to the eastern Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.	Pseudocoris	genus
taxon rank	Oligodon pseudotaeniatus, commonly known as the false striped kukri snake, is a species of colubrid snake.	Oligodon pseudotaeniatus	species
taxon rank	Artocarpus integer, commonly known as cempedak (pronounced ``chem-pe-dak''), is a species of tree in the family Moraceae, and in the same genus as breadfruit and jackfruit.	Artocarpus integer	species
taxon rank	Dorcadiopsis planipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Dorcadiopsis.	Dorcadiopsis planipennis	species
taxon rank	Oxalis incarnata is a species of flowering plant in the woodsorrel family known by the common names pale pink-sorrel and crimson woodsorrel.	Oxalis incarnata	species
taxon rank	Alopecosa reimoseri is a wolf spider species in the genus Alopecosa found in Hungary.	Alopecosa reimoseri	species
taxon rank	Tropidothorax leucopterus is a species of ground bugs belonging to the family Lygaeidae, subfamily Lygaeinae.	Tropidothorax leucopterus	species
taxon rank	Zealanapis australis is a spider species in the genus Zealanapis found in New Zealand.	Zealanapis australis	species
taxon rank	Entemnotrochus adansonianus, common name Adanson's slit shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pleurotomariidae.	Entemnotrochus adansonianus	species
taxon rank	Wallenia is a genus of plant in the family Primulaceae.	Wallenia	genus
taxon rank	Platycheirus rosarum is a species of hoverfly found in many parts of Britain and Europe.	Platycheirus rosarum	species
taxon rank	The Bornean black magpie is a distinctive subspecies of the black magpie which is sometimes considered a full species, Platysmurus aterrimus.	Bornean black magpie	subspecies
taxon rank	Ozoroa namaquensis (Gariep resin tree, Afrikaans: Gariep-harpuisboom) is a species of plant in the Anacardiaceae family.	Ozoroa namaquensis	species
taxon rank	Cryptoplax iredalei, the Iredale's fleshy-chiton, is a species of chiton in the cryptoplax genus.	Cryptoplax iredalei	species
taxon rank	Gagea alberti is an Asian species of plants in the lily family, native to Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan and Xinjiang Province of western China.	Gagea alberti	species
taxon rank	Gastrotheca fissipes (common name: Igaracu marsupial frog) is a frog species in the frog family Hemiphractidae.	Gastrotheca fissipes	species
taxon rank	Curetis dentata, the toothed sunbeam, is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.	Curetis dentata	species
taxon rank	Talaromyces atroroseus is a species of fungus described as new to science in 2013.	Talaromyces atroroseus	species
taxon rank	Agave guadalajarana is a smallish Agave species endemic to Mexico.	Agave guadalajarana	species
taxon rank	Leptothorax muscorum is a species of ant of the genus Leptothorax that ranges through a variety of habitats throughout much of Europe, northern Asia, and North and Central America, with a particularly wide distribution in the palearctic.	Leptothorax muscorum	species
taxon rank	Discreliotia serrata is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk, in the family Tornidae.	Discreliotia serrata	species
taxon rank	Dorisa is a genus of parasitic protozoa in the phylum Apicomplexa.	Dorisa	genus
taxon rank	Polyachyrus is a genus of South American plants in the gerbera tribe within the daisy family.	Polyachyrus	genus
taxon rank	Subulina striatella is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Subulinidae.	Subulina striatella	species
taxon rank	Pseudoperonospora is a genus of water moulds which includes several species known for causing downy mildew infections on plants.	Pseudoperonospora	genus
taxon rank	Cremastra appendiculata is an orchid species in the genus Cremastra.	Cremastra appendiculata	species
taxon rank	Onychoteuthis compacta is a species of squid in the family Onychoteuthidae, known to occur in Hawaiian waters.	Onychoteuthis compacta	species
taxon rank	Sericostola rhodanopa is a species of sedge moths in the genus Sericostola.	Sericostola rhodanopa	species
taxon rank	Idiostatus middlekaufi is an insect, one of many species of katydids in the family Tettigoniidae.	Idiostatus middlekaufi	species
taxon rank	Cerastium aleuticum, common name Aleutian mouse-ear chickweed, is a plant species endemic to the US State of Alaska.	Cerastium aleuticum	species
taxon rank	Tilesina gibbosa is a species of poacher native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean.	Tilesina gibbosa	species
taxon rank	Lucilia mexicana is a species of green bottle blow fly of the family Calliphoridae.	Lucilia mexicana	species
taxon rank	Buddleja chenopodiifolia is a species endemic to the dry rocky or clay hillsides of southern Peru at altitudes of 2200--3100 m; it was first described and named by Kraenzlin in 1913.	Buddleja chenopodiifolia	species
taxon rank	Ruta graveolens, commonly known as rue, common rue or herb-of-grace, is a species of Ruta grown as an ornamental plant and as an herb.	Ruta graveolens	species
taxon rank	Penstemon azureus is a species of penstemon known by the common name azure penstemon.	Penstemon azureus	species
taxon rank	Pomacea bridgesii, common names the spike-topped apple snail or mystery snail, is a South American species of freshwater snail with gills and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Ampullariidae.	Pomacea bridgesii	species
taxon rank	Listeria monocytogenes is the species of pathogenic bacteria that causes the infection listeriosis.	Listeria monocytogenes	species
taxon rank	Cullenia is a genus of flowering plants native to India and Sri Lanka.	Cullenia	genus
taxon rank	Epipleoneura lamina is a species of damselfly in the threadtail family (Protoneuridae).	Epipleoneura lamina	species
taxon rank	Polytrichum is a genus of mosses -- commonly called haircap moss or hair moss -- which contains approximately 70 species that cover a cosmopolitan distribution.	Polytrichum	genus
taxon rank	Bactris gasipaes is a species of palm native to the tropical forests of South and Central America.	Bactris gasipaes	species
taxon rank	Ichthyococcus australis is a species of the genus Ichthyococcus.	Ichthyococcus australis	species
taxon rank	Giesbertiolus linnaei is a species of scarab beetle belonging to the Cetoniidae subfamily.	Giesbertiolus linnaei	species
taxon rank	Nyctibatrachus minor is a species of frog in the Nyctibatrachidae family endemic to the Western Ghats, India.	Nyctibatrachus minor	species
taxon rank	Centrolene is a genus of glass frogs in the family Centrolenidae.	Centrolene	genus
taxon rank	Helladia imperialis is a species of longhorn beetle in the Lamiinae subfamily that is endemic to Iran.	Helladia imperialis	species
taxon rank	Acropora echinata is a species of acroporid coral that was first described by Dana in 1846.	Acropora echinata	species
taxon rank	Eusthenica treicleiota is a species of moth in the Cossidae family and the only species in the genus Eusthenica.	Eusthenica treicleiota	species
taxon rank	Callopsis is a monotypic genus from the plant family Araceae and has only one species, Callopsis volkensii.	Callopsis	species
taxon rank	Lysimachia quadrifolia, the whorled loosestrife, whorled yellow loosestrife, or crosswort, is a species of herbaceous plant in the family Primulaceae.	Lysimachia quadrifolia	species
taxon rank	Achariaceae is a family of flowering plants, formerly consisting of 6 species and 3 genera of herbs and shrubs endemic to southern Africa.	Achariaceae	family
taxon rank	Nerioidea is a superfamily of Acalyptratae flies.	Nerioidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Semilimax pyrenaicus is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vitrinidae.	Semilimax pyrenaicus	species
taxon rank	Olearia myrsinoides, commonly known as Silky Daisy-bush, is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae.	Olearia myrsinoides	species
taxon rank	Dactylostelma is a species of plants in the Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1895.	Dactylostelma	genus
taxon rank	Myrmeparmena sudrei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Myrmeparmena.	Myrmeparmena sudrei	species
taxon rank	Atrilinea is a genus of cyprinid fishes that contains only three species, all of which are endemic to China.	Atrilinea	genus
taxon rank	Myrcia margarettae is a species of shrub in the family Myrtaceae.	Myrcia margarettae	species
taxon rank	Callicarpa erioclona is a species of beautyberry native to Vietnam, Borneo, Sulawesi, Java, Philippines, New Guinea, and the Bismarck Archipelago.	Callicarpa erioclona	species
taxon rank	Sartwellia is a genus of North American flowering plants in the marigold tribe within the daisy family.	Sartwellia	genus
taxon rank	Calyptraea chinensis, common name the Chinese hat snail or Chinese hat shell, is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calyptraeidae, the slipper snails or slipper limpets, cup-and-saucer snails, and Chinese hat snails.	Calyptraea chinensis	species
taxon rank	Adetomyrma cassis (from Latin cassis, ``helm'', referring to the shape of its genital capsule) is a species of ant endemic to Madagascar.	Adetomyrma cassis	species
taxon rank	Orycteropodidae is a family of Afrotherian mammals.	Orycteropodidae	family
taxon rank	Iskandaria is a genus of stone loaches native to central Asia.	Iskandaria	genus
taxon rank	Dawkinsia tambraparniei is a species of cyprinid fish found in the Tambraparni River basin in the Western Ghats, Tamil Nadu, India.	Dawkinsia tambraparniei	species
taxon rank	Histoplasma is a genus of dimorphic fungi commonly found in bird and bat fecal material.	Histoplasma	genus
taxon rank	Ludwigia murchisonae is an extinct species of ammonites in the family Graphoceratidae, which lived during the Mid Jurassic, Aalenian age (170.3--174.1 mya).	Ludwigia murchisonae	species
taxon rank	Echeveria runyonii is a species of flowering plant in the sedum family, Crassulaceae, that is native to the state of Tamaulipas in Mexico.	Echeveria runyonii	species
taxon rank	Streptostele musaecola is a species of small air-breathing land snail, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Streptaxidae.	Streptostele musaecola	species
taxon rank	Thermodesulforhabdus norvegica is a species of thermophilic sulfate-reducing bacteria, the type and only species of its genus.	Thermodesulforhabdus norvegica	species
taxon rank	Dermophis occidentalis is a species of amphibian in the Dermophiidae family, endemic to Costa Rica.	Dermophis occidentalis	species
taxon rank	Acanthosphex leurynnis, the Wasp-spine velvetfish, is a species of velvetfish native to the Indo-Pacific from India to the Gulf of Thailand.	Acanthosphex leurynnis	species
taxon rank	Ulva linza Linnaeus is a green alga in the division Chlorophyta, is the type species of the genus Ulva that can be found in British Isles.	Ulva linza	species
taxon rank	Xanthosoma sagittifolium, the arrowleaf elephant ear or arrowleaf elephant's ear, is a species of tropical flowering plant in the genus Xanthosoma, which produces an edible, starchy corm.	Xanthosoma sagittifolium	species
taxon rank	Luzula acuminata, hairy woodrush, is a species of perennial plant in Juncaceae family that grows in northeastern United States and Canada.	Luzula acuminata	species
taxon rank	Stephanolepis hispidus, the planehead filefish, is a species of bony fish, a ray-finned fish in the family Monacanthidae.	Stephanolepis hispidus	species
taxon rank	The Reduviidae are a large cosmopolitan family of the order Hemiptera (true bugs).	Reduviidae	family
taxon rank	Bellis annua or the annual daisy is a species of the genus Bellis.	Bellis annua	species
taxon rank	Caymanostellidae is a family of sea stars containing six species in two families.	Caymanostellidae	family
taxon rank	Fibramia thermalis, also known as the Half-barred cardinal is a species of cardinalfishes found in Indian Ocean and Pacific Ocean.	Fibramia thermalis	species
taxon rank	Speokokosia corneti is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Speokokosia.	Speokokosia	species
taxon rank	Pyrrhura is a genus of parrots in the Arini tribe.	Pyrrhura	genus
taxon rank	Zapalasaurus is a genus of dinosaur described by Leonardo Salgado, Ismar de Souza Carvalho and Alberto C. It was named after the city of Zapala.	Zapalasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Euphorbia ocellata is a species of euphorb known by the common name Contura Creek sandmat.	Euphorbia ocellata	species
taxon rank	Triphasia grandifolia or unifoliate limeberry is a species of the genus Triphasia which is closely related to the genus Citrus and according to some should be including in it.	Triphasia grandifolia	species
taxon rank	Odontoglossum cruentum, the Blood-red Odontoglossum, is a species of orchid found from Ecuador to Peru.	Odontoglossum cruentum	species
taxon rank	Callobatrachus is an extinct genus of discoglossoid anuran amphibian from the Early Cretaceous-age Yixian Formation of Liaoning, China.	Callobatrachus	genus
taxon rank	Amalda mucronata is a species of medium-sized sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Olividae, the olives.	Amalda mucronata	species
taxon rank	Leptauchenia is an extinct goat-like genus of terrestrial herbivore belonging to the oreodont family Merycoidodontidae, and the type genus of the tribe Leptaucheniini.	Leptauchenia	genus
taxon rank	The Mongu shovelnose frog, Hemisus barotseensis, is a species of frog in the Hemisotidae family, endemic to Zambia.	Mongu shovelnose frog	species
taxon rank	It is known from a single species, the type species Hamipterus tianshanensis.	Hamipterus	species
taxon rank	Standfussiana sturanyi is a species of owlet moth in the genus Standfussiana.	Standfussiana sturanyi	species
taxon rank	Lehua mamo or 'ohi'a (Metrosideros macropus), is a species of tree in the eucalyptus family, Myrtaceae.	Metrosideros macropus	species
taxon rank	Anadema macandrewii is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Colloniidae,	Anadema macandrewii	species
taxon rank	Lipocrea epeiroides is an orb-weaving spider species found in Greece, Cyprus, Turkey, Israel, Yemen and India.	Lipocrea epeiroides	species
taxon rank	Pritchardia napaliensis is a species of palm tree that is endemic to the island of Kauaʻi in Hawaii, United States.	Pritchardia napaliensis	species
taxon rank	Neoheterophrictus sahyadri is a species in the genus Neoheterophrictus.	Neoheterophrictus sahyadri	species
taxon rank	Salix alaxensis is a species of flowering plant in the willow family known by the common names Alaska willow and feltleaf willow.	Salix alaxensis	species
taxon rank	Acrocomia media is a species of palm which is native to Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands.	Acrocomia media	species
taxon rank	Horkelia daucifolia is a species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common name carrotleaf horkelia.	Horkelia daucifolia	species
taxon rank	Ephemera danica is a species of mayfly in the genus Ephemera.	Ephemera danica	species
taxon rank	Trioceros is a genus of lizards in the family Chamaeleonidae.	Trioceros	genus
taxon rank	Pituriaspis doylei (Doyle's pituri shield) was one of two known species of jawless fish belonging to the Class Pituriaspida, and is the better known of the two.	Pituriaspis	species
taxon rank	Carex acutiformis, the lesser pond-sedge, is a species of sedge.	Carex acutiformis	species
taxon rank	Marigordiella parviginella is the only species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the genus Marigordiella; family Marginellidae, the margin snails.	Marigordiella parviginella	species
taxon rank	Melica rigida is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that can be found in Argentina, Brazil (Santa Catarina, Rio Grande do Sul), and Uruguay.	Melica rigida	species
taxon rank	Hemisodorcus arrowi is a species of beetle in the family Lucanidae.	Hemisodorcus arrowi	species
taxon rank	It contains the single species Geocarpon minimum, which is known by the common names tinytim and earth-fruit.	Geocarpon	species
taxon rank	Mathildidae is a family of minute sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the informal group of the Lower Heterobranchia.	Mathildidae	family
taxon rank	Pomacea glauca is a species of freshwater snail, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Ampullariidae, the apple snails.	Pomacea glauca	species
taxon rank	Powichthys is a genus of prehistoric lobe-finned fish which lived during the Devonian period.	Powichthys	genus
taxon rank	Petermannia cirrosa, the only species in the genus, is endemic to the states of New South Wales and Queensland in Australia.	Petermannia	species
taxon rank	Lymantriini (sometimes misspelled as Lymantrini) is a tribe of moths of the Erebidae family.	Lymantriini	tribe
taxon rank	Stenocorus schaumii is a species of beetle from Cerambycidae family that is 17--29 millimetres (0.67--1.14 in).	Stenocorus schaumii	species
taxon rank	Proceratosaurus is a genus of small-sized (~3 metres (9.8 ft) long) carnivorous theropod dinosaur from the Middle Jurassic (Bathonian) of England.	Proceratosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Passiflora racemosa (red passion flower) is a species of flowering plant in the Passifloraceae family, native to Brazil.	Passiflora racemosa	species
taxon rank	Labidura riparia is a species of earwig in the family Labiduridae, formerly Forficula riparia , characterized by their modified cerci as forceps, and light tan colour.	Labidura riparia	species
taxon rank	Lethrinops altus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it occurs in areas with sandy substrates.	Lethrinops altus	species
taxon rank	Pachypanchax varatraza is a species of Aplocheilid killifish endemic to Madagascar where it is found in the Menambery, Fanambana and Ampanobe rivers.	Pachypanchax varatraza	species
taxon rank	Senna occidentalis is a pantropical plant species.	Senna occidentalis	species
taxon rank	Centruroides elegans is a scorpion species in the genus Centruroides found in Mexico.	Centruroides elegans	species
taxon rank	The Andaman shama (Copsychus albiventris) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae.	Andaman shama	species
taxon rank	Myiotrixini is a tribe of flies in the family Tachinidae from Australia.	Myiotrixini	tribe
taxon rank	Nasturtium gambellii (syn. Rorippa gambellii) is a rare species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names Gambel's yellowcress and Gambel's watercress.	Nasturtium gambellii	species
taxon rank	Pteriidae, also called the feather oysters, is a family of medium-sized to large saltwater clams.	Pteriidae	family
taxon rank	Conus miles, common name the soldier cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus miles	species
taxon rank	Idelinellidae is a family of fossil cockroach-like insects.	Idelinellidae	family
taxon rank	Pinus driftwoodensis is an extinct species of conifer in the pine family solely known from early Eocene sediments exposed in south central British Columbia.	Pinus driftwoodensis	species
taxon rank	Ceratonykus (meaning 'horned claw') is a genus of alvarezsaurid theropod dinosaur that existed in the late Cretaceous period.	Ceratonykus	genus
taxon rank	Pyronema is a genus of fungi in the family Pyronemataceae.	Pyronema	genus
taxon rank	Lynchius nebulanastes (common name: Canchaque Andes frog) is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.	Lynchius nebulanastes	species
taxon rank	Daonella is a genus of oyster-like saltwater clams, marine bivalve mollusks which lived in the middle to late Triassic period.	Daonella	genus
taxon rank	Myrmecia loweryi is a species of the giant bull ant which is abundant to Australia.	Myrmecia loweryi	species
taxon rank	Digitaria didactyla is a species of grass known by the common names blue couch, Queensland blue couch, blue serangoon grass, green serangoon grass, blue stargrass, and petit gazon (in Mauritius).	Digitaria didactyla	species
taxon rank	Hypselospinus is a genus of iguanodontian dinosaur which was first described as a species of Iguanodon (I. fittoni) by Richard Lydekker in 1889, the specific name honouring William Henry Fitton.	Hypselospinus	genus
taxon rank	Haplochromis rufus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria where it is found over rocky substrates in the southern portion of the lake.	Haplochromis rufus	species
taxon rank	Gaillardiella is a genus of fungi within the Bertiaceae family.	Gaillardiella	genus
taxon rank	Cayratia trifolia is a species of liana plant native to Australia and Asia.	Cayratia trifolia	species
taxon rank	Dipsacus laciniatus is a species of flowering plant in the honeysuckle family known by the common name cutleaf teasel.	Dipsacus laciniatus	species
taxon rank	Pseudaphya ferreri, Ferrer's goby, is a species of goby native to the Mediterranean Sea where it occurs in inshore waters inhabiting areas with sandy substrates.	Pseudaphya ferreri	species
taxon rank	Helonias bullata (swamp pink) is a rare perennial rhizomatous herb native to the eastern United States, the only known species in the genus Helonias.	Helonias	species
taxon rank	Cryptosporidium hominis, along with Cryptosporidium parvum, is among the medically important Cryptosporidium species.	Cryptosporidium hominis	species
taxon rank	Chaenactis nevii is a North American species of flowering plants in the aster family known by the common name John Day pincushion.	Chaenactis nevii	species
taxon rank	Hysterographium is a genus of fungi of uncertain placement in the class Dothideomycetes.	Hysterographium	genus
taxon rank	Plaumanniella novateutoniae is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Plaumanniella.	Plaumanniella novateutoniae	species
taxon rank	Coronella austriaca (commonly known as a smooth snake) is a non-venomous colubrid species found in northern and central Europe, but also as far east as northern Iran.	Coronella austriaca	species
taxon rank	Xenohyla is a genus of frog in the Hylidae family, and are found in the Brazilian states of Bahia and Rio de Janeiro.	Xenohyla	genus
taxon rank	Euophrys omnisuperstes (the species name means standing above everything), the himalayan jumping spider, is a small jumping spider that lives at elevations of up to 6,700 metres (22,000 feet) on Mount Everest, making it a candidate for the highest known permanent resident on Earth.	Euophrys omnisuperstes	species
taxon rank	Pamianthe is a genus of South American bulbous perennials in the Amaryllis family, subfamily Amaryllidoideae.	Pamianthe	genus
taxon rank	Uramya pristis is a species of fly in the genus Uramya of the family Tachinidae that can be found in eastern North America.	Uramya pristis	species
taxon rank	Calathus glabricollis is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that can be found in Bulgaria, Greece, Italy and all states of former Yugoslavia.	Calathus glabricollis	species
taxon rank	Adriopea pallidata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Adriopea.	Adriopea pallidata	species
taxon rank	Brachaspis robustus is an endangered protected species of grasshopper from South Island, New Zealand.	Brachaspis robustus	species
taxon rank	Dactylopus kuiteri, known commonly as the Kuiter's dragonet, is a species of marine fish in the family Callionymidae.	Dactylopus kuiteri	species
taxon rank	Amblydoras bolivarensis is a species of thorny catfish endemic to Venezuela where it is found in the Orinoco River basin.	Amblydoras bolivarensis	species
taxon rank	Brickellia diffusa is a Latin American species of flowering plants in the daisy family.	Brickellia diffusa	species
taxon rank	Dorosoma is a genus of gizzard shads, fish of the herring family Clupeidae.	Dorosoma	genus
taxon rank	Ehrharta erecta is a species of grass commonly known as panic veldtgrass.	Ehrharta erecta	species
taxon rank	Novomessor is a genus of ants that was described by Italian entomologist Carlo Emery in 1915.	Novomessor	genus
taxon rank	Hydrophyllum is a genus of flowering plants in the waterleaf family which includes several herbaceous perennials native to North America.	Hydrophyllum	genus
taxon rank	Atelopus chrysocorallus is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae endemic to Venezuela.	Atelopus chrysocorallus	species
taxon rank	Overbeckia is a genus of ants in the subfamily Formicinae containing the single species Overbeckia subclavata.	Overbeckia	species
taxon rank	Sweta is a genus of leafhopper in the subfamily Typhlocybinae, with two.	Sweta	genus
taxon rank	Haliotis virginea, Virgin Paua, is a species of edible sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae, the abalones.	Haliotis virginea	species
taxon rank	Neurolaena is a genus of flowering plants in the Neurolaena tribe within the daisy family.	Neurolaena	genus
taxon rank	Radix luteola is a species of freshwater snail, an aquatic gastropod mollusc in the family Lymnaeidae.	Radix luteola	species
taxon rank	Uliodon is a genus of spiders found in New Zealand and possibly Australia.	Uliodon	genus
taxon rank	Dipterocarpus semivestitus is a species of tree in the family Dipterocarpaceae, occurring in Kalimantan and peninsular Malaysia.	Dipterocarpus semivestitus	species
taxon rank	Olearia astroloba, commonly known as Marble Daisy-bush, is a rare shrub species in the family Asteraceae.	Olearia astroloba	species
taxon rank	Longitarsus eminus is a species of beetle from Chrysomelidae family that can be found in Asian countries such as Afghanistan, Iran, Iraq, Israel, and Turkey.	Longitarsus eminus	species
taxon rank	Chorisandrachne, is a genus of plants in the flowering plant family Phyllanthaceae first described as a genus in 1969.	Chorisandrachne	genus
taxon rank	Trifolium breweri is mentioned briefly as being basal within the Involucrarium clade with some of the South American species that were studied.	Trifolium breweri	species
taxon rank	Anaklinoceras is a genus of extinct heteromorph ammonite cephalopod that lived in marine environments in what is now Western North America during the Campanian division of the Cretaceous period.	Anaklinoceras	genus
taxon rank	The parrot family Psittrichasiidae consists of two subfamilies, the Psittrichasinae and Coracopsinae, which are found on New Guinea and the Indian Ocean Islands, respectively.	Psittrichasiidae	family
taxon rank	Botiidae is a family of cypriniform ray-finned fishes from South, Southeast, and East Asia.	Botiidae	family
taxon rank	Suillus bovinus was one of the many species first described in 1753 by the ``father of taxonomy'' Carl Linnaeus, who, in the second volume of his Species Plantarum, gave it the name Boletus bovinus.	Suillus bovinus	species
taxon rank	Orthotylus adenocarpi adenocarpi is a subspecies of bug from the Miridae family that can be found in Benelux, Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Germany, Great Britain, Ireland, Poland, Spain, and Sweden.	Orthotylus adenocarpi adenocarpi	subspecies
taxon rank	Eisenia fetida (older spelling: foetida), known under various common names such as redworm, brandling worm, panfish worm, trout worm, tiger worm, red wiggler worm, red californian earth worm, etc., is a species of earthworm adapted to decaying organic material.	Eisenia fetida	species
taxon rank	Actinodoria cuprea is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Actinodoria of the family Tachinidae.	Actinodoria cuprea	species
taxon rank	Carabus lopatini is a species of beetle from Carabidae family that is endemic to Sakhalin, Russia.	Carabus lopatini	species
taxon rank	Sphaeralcea grossulariifolia is a species of flowering plant in the mallow family known by the common name gooseberryleaf globemallow.	Sphaeralcea grossulariifolia	species
taxon rank	Marinobacter hydrocarbonoclasticus is a species of Proteobacteria found in sea water which are able to degrade hydrocarbons.	Marinobacter hydrocarbonoclasticus	species
taxon rank	Paravespa is an afrotropical and palearctic genus of potter wasps.	Paravespa	genus
taxon rank	The Bambaradeniya's shrub frog, (Pseudophilautus bambaradeniyai) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family, endemic to Sri Lanka.	Pseudophilautus bambaradeniyai	species
taxon rank	The remainder of this article discusses the disease-causing Parvoviridae viri, rather than the members of the Parvovirus genus.	Parvovirus	genus
taxon rank	Bornella stellifer is a species of colorful sea slug, a nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Bornellidae.	Bornella stellifer	species
taxon rank	The blue king crab, Paralithodes platypus, is a species of king crab which lives near St. Matthew Island, the Pribilof Islands, and the Diomede Islands, Alaska, with further populations along the coasts of Japan and Russia.	Paralithodes platypus	species
taxon rank	Dugesia tubqalis is a species of dugesiid triclad that inhabits springs of Morocco, Africa.	Dugesia tubqalis	species
taxon rank	Geoplaninae is a subfamily of land planarians endemic to the Neotropical region.	Geoplaninae	subfamily
taxon rank	Graphosoma lineatum is a species of shield bug in the family Pentatomidae.	Graphosoma lineatum	species
taxon rank	Eccritotarsus catarinensis is a species of plant bug from Santa Catarina, Brazil.	Eccritotarsus catarinensis	species
taxon rank	Lycoteuthis is a genus containing two species of squid:	Lycoteuthis	genus
taxon rank	Iris aucheri (Aucher-Éloy iris) is a species of flowering plant in the family Iridaceae.	Iris aucheri	species
taxon rank	Hypargyria metalliferella, the silvered knothorn, is a species of snout moth in the genus Hypargyria.	Hypargyria metalliferella	species
taxon rank	Rhododendron goodenoughii is a rhododendron species native to Papua New Guinea, particularly Goodenough Island where it grows at altitudes of 800-1500 m. It is a shrub or small tree that grows to 2 m in height, with leaves that are broadly elliptic, 10 × 6 cm in size.	Rhododendron goodenoughii	species
taxon rank	Thelesperma megapotamicum is a perennial species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Hopi tea greenthread and rayless greenthread.	Thelesperma megapotamicum	species
taxon rank	Aromobates haydeeae (common name: El Vivero rocket frog) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family.	Aromobates haydeeae	species
taxon rank	Malpolon monspessulanus, commonly known as the Montpellier snake, is a species of mildly venomous rear-fanged colubrids.	Malpolon monspessulanus	species
taxon rank	Cyrtodactylus intermedius, also known as intermediate bow-fingered gecko or Cardamon forest gecko, is a species of gecko found in Cambodia, Vietnam, and Thailand, including several national parks (Khao Yai National Park, Khao Khitchakut National Park, Khao Soi Dao Wildlife Sanctuary and Mu Ko Chang National Park).	Cyrtodactylus intermedius	species
taxon rank	Ixia polystachya (white-and-yellow-flower cornlily) is an Ixia species found on hills and slopes of northwest and southwest Cape, South Africa.	Ixia polystachya	species
taxon rank	Cladonia asahinae (commonly known as the pixie cup lichen) is a species of lichen in the family Cladoniaceae.	Cladonia asahinae	species
taxon rank	Caucasichthys is an extinct genus of perciform bony fish which existed in Russia during the middle Eocene epoch (Bartonian age).	Caucasichthys	genus
taxon rank	Ctenolepisma is a genus of primitive insects (order Zygentoma = Thysanura s.s.)	Ctenolepisma	genus
taxon rank	Naucleopsis is a plant genus in family Moraceae.	Naucleopsis	genus
taxon rank	Crenatocetus (from Latin: crena, ``notch'', and cetus, ``whale'') is an extinct genus of protocetid early whale containing one species, Crenatocetus rayi, that lived along the Atlantic Coastal Plain of the United States during the Lutetian in the late middle Eocene.	Crenatocetus	genus
taxon rank	Cassipourea eketensis is a species of plant in the Rhizophoraceae family.	Cassipourea eketensis	species
taxon rank	Mayriella is an Indo-Australian genus of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae.	Mayriella	genus
taxon rank	Gayophytum humile is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common name dwarf groundsmoke.	Gayophytum humile	species
taxon rank	Menatalligator is an extinct genus of alligatorid crocodilian.	Menatalligator	genus
taxon rank	Garrya congdonii, Congdon silktassel or chaparral silktassel, a fairly common evergreen shrub native to the northern California Coast Ranges, is one of a small biological family of approximately twenty known species in the family Garryaceae, most of which are Garrya.	Garrya congdonii	species
taxon rank	Lonicera maackii (Overgrowing Choke-plant or Amur honeysuckle) is a species of honeysuckle in the family Caprifoliaceae, native to temperate Asia in northern and western China (south to Yunnan), Mongolia, Japan (central and northern Honshū, rare), Korea, and southeastern Russia (Primorsky Krai).	Lonicera maackii	species
taxon rank	Cardamine douglassii is listed as an endangered species by the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and as a species of special concern by the State of Connecticut.	Cardamine douglassii	species
taxon rank	Pleomele forbesii, Waianae Range hala pepe or Forbes' dracaena, is a species of flowering plant that is endemic to the island of Oʻahu in Hawaiʻi.	Pleomele forbesii	species
taxon rank	Spaniblennius clandestinus is a species of combtooth blenny found in the eastern central Atlantic Ocean, from Cape Verde to Angola.	Spaniblennius clandestinus	species
taxon rank	Prethopalpus is a spider genus known as Goblin Spiders and are found in the Australasian tropics, including Nepal, India, Indonesia, Papua New Guinea and Australia.	Prethopalpus	genus
taxon rank	Eleutherodactylus probolaeus is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to the La Romana Province, Dominican Republic, at elevations of 0--60 m (0--197 ft) asl.	Eleutherodactylus probolaeus	species
taxon rank	Stromatopelminae are a subfamily of tarantulas native to West Africa and part of Central Africa.	Stromatopelminae	subfamily
taxon rank	Scaphyglottis bidentata is a species of orchid found in the American Tropics from Costa Rica to northern Brazil.	Scaphyglottis bidentata	species
taxon rank	Cymopterus purpurascens is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name widewing springparsley.	Cymopterus purpurascens	species
taxon rank	Phenacolimax major is a European species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vitrinidae.	Phenacolimax major	species
taxon rank	Sydaphera spengleriana, the Spengler's Nutmeg, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae, the nutmeg snails.	Sydaphera spengleriana	species
taxon rank	Paullinia pinnata is a flowering plant species in the genus of Paullinia found in South America and Africa.	Paullinia pinnata	species
taxon rank	Castilleja lasiorhyncha is a species of Indian paintbrush is endemic to southern California known by the common name San Bernardino Mountains Indian paintbrush.	Castilleja lasiorhyncha	species
taxon rank	Denisonia is a genus of venomous snakes endemic to Australia.	Denisonia	genus
taxon rank	Amphisbaena camura, also known as the collared amphisbaenid, is a worm lizard species in the genus Amphisbaena.	Amphisbaena camura	species
taxon rank	Tetronarce is a genus of rays, commonly known as electric rays.	Tetronarce	genus
taxon rank	Quercus martinezii is a Mexican species of tree in the beech famiy.	Quercus martinezii	species
taxon rank	Perideridia bacigalupii is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common names Mother Lode yampah and Bacigalupi's perideridia.	Perideridia bacigalupii	species
taxon rank	Paragalaxias is a genus of freshwater fish of the family Galaxiidae, endemic to Tasmania, Australia.	Paragalaxias	genus
taxon rank	Cylindropuntia echinocarpa is a species of cactus known by the common names silver cholla, golden cholla, and Wiggins' cholla.	Cylindropuntia echinocarpa	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Criserosphaeria phyllostictoides.	Criserosphaeria	species
taxon rank	Cichorium pumilum (Wild Endive) is a Mediterranean species of plant in the dandelion tribe within the sunflower family .	Cichorium pumilum	species
taxon rank	Cheilanthes (lip ferns) is a genus of about 180 species of rock-dwelling ferns with a cosmopolitan distribution in warm, dry, rocky regions, often growing in small crevices high up on cliffs.	Cheilanthes	genus
taxon rank	Allium antiatlanticum is a plant species native to Morocco and Algeria.	Allium antiatlanticum	species
taxon rank	Podanotum is a Neotropical genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.All the species except Podanotum salaeides (Draudt, 1919) are recently described.	Podanotum	genus
taxon rank	Anomalodesmata is an order of saltwater clams, marine bivalve molluscs.	Anomalodesmata	order
taxon rank	Nothobaccharis is a genus of Peruvian flowering plants in the boneset tribe within the sunflower family.	Nothobaccharis	genus
taxon rank	Allium feinbergii is a species of onions found on Mount Hermon, near where the three nations of Israel, Syria, and Lebanon meet.	Allium feinbergii	species
taxon rank	Plesiohadros is an extinct genus of basal hadrosauroid dinosaur.	Plesiohadros	genus
taxon rank	Amphiesma andreae, commonly known as Andrea's keelback, is a species of nonvenomous colubrid snake endemic to Southeast Asia.	Amphiesma andreae	species
taxon rank	Limnohabitans is a genus of Proteobacteria established by Hahn et al.	Limnohabitans	genus
taxon rank	Rhinoptera is a genus of ray commonly known as the cownose rays.	Rhinoptera	genus
taxon rank	Lagostomus crassus is an extinct species of chinchilla that was native to Peru.	Lagostomus crassus	species
taxon rank	The Diogenidae are a family of hermit crabs, sometimes known as ``left-handed hermit crabs'' because in contrast to most other hermit crabs, its left chela (claw) is enlarged instead of the right.	Diogenidae	family
taxon rank	Callizzia is a genus of scoopwing moths of the Uraniidae family.	Callizzia	genus
taxon rank	Procambarus attiguus, known as the Silver Glen Springs crayfish is a species of crayfish in the family Cambaridae.	Procambarus attiguus	species
taxon rank	Oligoryzomys chacoensis, also known as the Chacoan colilargo or Chacoan pygmy rice rat, is a rodent species from South America.	Oligoryzomys chacoensis	species
taxon rank	Tahina spectabilis, the tahina palm, is a species of gigantic palm that is found only in the Analalava District of northwestern Madagascar.	Tahina spectabilis	species
taxon rank	Climacoporus navalis, the Fleet klipfish, is a species of clinid found in subtropical waters of the Atlantic Ocean along the coast of South Africa where it can be found in tide pools.	Climacoporus navalis	species
taxon rank	Omocestus rufipes, the 'Woodland Grasshopper', is a species of 'short-horned grasshoppers' belonging to the family Acrididae subfamily Gomphocerinae.	Omocestus rufipes	species
taxon rank	Melica mutica, twoflower melicgrass, is a grass species in the Poaceae family that can be found in southeastern United States.	Melica mutica	species
taxon rank	Saururaceae is a plant family comprising four genera and seven species of herbaceous flowering plants native to eastern and southern Asia and North America.	Saururaceae	family
taxon rank	Herina gyrans is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Herina of the family Ulidiidae found in Croatia, Spain, and Algeria.	Herina gyrans	species
taxon rank	Graptopsaltria is a genus of cicadas from East Asia.	Graptopsaltria	genus
taxon rank	Hibolithes is a genus of belemnite that lived from the Middle Jurassic to the Early Cretaceous, and has been found in Antarctica, Europe, South America, and New Zealand.	Hibolithes	genus
taxon rank	Petasina bielzi is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae.	Petasina bielzi	species
taxon rank	Paraschistura cristata also known as the Turkmenian crested loach is a species of stone loach found only in Turkmenistan, Iran and Afghanistan in Central Asia.	Paraschistura cristata	species
taxon rank	Potentilla drummondii is a species of cinquefoil known by the common name Drummond's cinquefoil.	Potentilla drummondii	species
taxon rank	Primula scotica, commonly known as Scottish primrose, is a species of primrose that is endemic to the north coast of Scotland, including Sutherland, Caithness and Orkney.	Primula scotica	species
taxon rank	Volvopluteus is a genus of small to medium-sized or big saprotrophic mushrooms growing worldwide.	Volvopluteus	genus
taxon rank	Right whale dolphins are cetaceans belonging to the genus Lissodelphis.	Right whale dolphin	genus
taxon rank	Bariamyrma (from ``Baria'', name of a river; Latin hispidula, diminutive for ``hairy, bristly'') is a genus of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae containing the single species Bariamyrma hispidula.	Bariamyrma	species
taxon rank	The falcons and caracaras are around 60 species of diurnal birds of prey that make up the family Falconidae.	Falconidae	family
taxon rank	Phyllonoma is a genus consisting of 4 species of trees and shrubs.	Phyllonoma	genus
taxon rank	Musa gracilis is a species of wild banana (genus Musa), native to Peninsular Malaysia.	Musa gracilis	species
taxon rank	Cicindela lepida is a species of threatened tiger beetle.	Cicindela lepida	species
taxon rank	Garra phillipsi, or the Philipps' garra, is a species of freshwater fish) in the Cyprinidae family.	Garra phillipsi	species
taxon rank	Aphrophora alni, the 'European Alder Spittle Bug', is a species belonging to the family Aphrophoridae.	Aphrophora alni	species
taxon rank	Syrnolopsis minuta is a species of medium-sized freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Paludomidae.	Syrnolopsis minuta	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Dyrithiopsis lakefuxianensis.	Dyrithiopsis	species
taxon rank	Uapou is a genus of linyphiid spiders with one species that occurs only Ua Pou, one of the Marquesas Islands.	Uapou	species
taxon rank	Profundiconus smirna, common name the Smirna cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Profundiconus smirna	species
taxon rank	Hosta kiyosumiensis is a species of Hosta, found in Japan from Kanto south to Chubu and Kansai, and encompassing the entire central part of Honshu.	Hosta kiyosumiensis	species
taxon rank	Asterophrys is a small genus of microhylid frogs with only two species from New Guinea.	Asterophrys	genus
taxon rank	Canistrum pickelii is a species in the genus Canistrum.	Canistrum pickelii	species
taxon rank	Camptorrhiza is a genus of plants native to India and southern Africa.	Camptorrhiza	genus
taxon rank	Hygrohypnum styriacum, commonly known as snow brook-moss or hygrohypnum moss is a species of moss found in the Northern Hemisphere.	Hygrohypnum styriacum	species
taxon rank	Bodonida is an order of kinetoplastid flagellate protozoa.	Bodonida	order
taxon rank	Crossoloricaria venezuelae is a species of armored catfish found in the Lake Maracaibo drainage of Venezuela and Colombia.	Crossoloricaria venezuelae	species
taxon rank	Cayratia mollissima is an evergreen species of climber plant found in Indochina, Malaysia and the Philippines.	Cayratia mollissima	species
taxon rank	Haliastur is a genus of medium-sized diurnal birds of prey.	Haliastur	genus
taxon rank	Crangonyx hobbsi is a species of troglobitic amphipod in the family Crangonyctidae.	Crangonyx hobbsi	species
taxon rank	Deuterosaurus is a genus of dinocephalian therapsid, one of the nonmammalian synapsids dominating the land during the late Palaeozoic.	Deuterosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Salmo aphelios is a species of trout, a salmonid fish endemic to Lake Ohrid in Macedonia and Albania in the Balkans.	Salmo aphelios	species
taxon rank	Dromiceiomimus is a genus of ornithomimid theropod from the Late Cretaceous (early Maastrichtian) of Alberta, Canada.	Dromiceiomimus	genus
taxon rank	Colletteichthys dussumieri is a species of toadfish of the Batrachoididae family.	Colletteichthys dussumieri	species
taxon rank	Zachrysia trinitaria is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Camaenidae or Pleurodontidae.	Zachrysia trinitaria	species
taxon rank	Aculepeira ceropegia, the oak spider, is an orb-weaving spider species with Palearctic distribution.	Aculepeira ceropegia	species
taxon rank	Pleiospilos simulans (liver plant, split rock plant) is a species of flowering plant in the family Aizoaceae, once endemic to the Eastern Cape of South Africa.	Pleiospilos simulans	species
taxon rank	Pachyaena (literally, ``Thick Hyena'') was a genus of heavily built, relatively short-legged mesonychids that originated from Asia and spread to North America.	Pachyaena	genus
taxon rank	Psilocerea wintreberti is a species of moth of the Geometridae family.	Psilocerea wintreberti	species
taxon rank	Bombus vagans is a common species of bumblebee with a medium-length tongue.	Bombus vagans	species
taxon rank	Rivea is a genus of plants in family Convolvulaceae.	Rivea	genus
taxon rank	†Partula dolichostoma was a species of air-breathing tropical land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae.	Partula dolichostoma	species
taxon rank	Puentemys is an extinct genus of bothremydid turtle from the Paleocene-age Cerrejón Formation in Colombia.	Puentemys	genus
taxon rank	Pedicularis verticillata, the whorled lousewort, is a species of flowering plant from the order of Lamiales which can be found in Alaska, North-Western Canada, and everywhere in China at the elevation of 2,100--4,400 metres (6,900--14,400 ft).	Pedicularis verticillata	species
taxon rank	Discocotyle sagittata is the freshwater monogenean gill ectoparasite of Salmo and Oncorhynchus fish species.	Discocotyle sagittata	species
taxon rank	Brachinus angustatus is a species of ground beetle from the Carabinae subfamily that can be found in Spain and North African countries such as Algeria and Morocco.	Brachinus angustatus	species
taxon rank	Cichla monoculus, sometimes known as the tucanare peacock bass (``peacock bass'' is also used for some of its relatives), is a very large species of cichlid, and a prized game fish.	Cichla monoculus	species
taxon rank	Trigonospila is a small genus of true flies in the family Tachinidae.	Trigonospila	genus
taxon rank	The genus Mimetodon was named by Jepsen G.L. in 1940.	Mimetodon	genus
taxon rank	Rivetina asiatica is a species of praying mantis in the genus Rivetina, native to Western Asia.	Rivetina asiatica	species
taxon rank	Crataegus arcana, the Carolina Hawthorn, is a rare and poorly known species of hawthorn in the rose family.	Crataegus arcana	species
taxon rank	Harpactes is a genus of birds in the Trogonidae family found in forests in South and Southeast Asia, extending into southernmost China.	Harpactes	genus
taxon rank	Asparagus racemosus (satavar, shatavari, or shatamull) is a species of asparagus common throughout Nepal, Sri Lanka, India and the Himalayas.	Asparagus racemosus	species
taxon rank	Haematopota bigoti is a species of fly in the horse-fly family that can be found in such European countries as Austria, Croatia, Denmark, Hungary, Italy, Montenegro, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Spain, and the Netherlands.	Haematopota bigoti	species
taxon rank	The Sillaginidae, commonly known as the smelt-whitings, whitings, sillaginids, sand borers and sand-smelts, are a family of benthic coastal marine fish in the order Perciformes.	Sillaginidae	family
taxon rank	Carinostoma elegans is an harvestmen species in the genus Carinostoma found in Hungary.	Carinostoma elegans	species
taxon rank	Nardophyllum is a genus of South American flowering plants in the aster tribe within the sunflower family.	Nardophyllum	genus
taxon rank	It contains the single species Palaeoagaracites antiquus.	Palaeoagaracites	species
taxon rank	Rhadinesthes decimus, the Slender snaggletooth, is a species of barbeled dragonfish found in the ocean depths reaching to 4,900 metres (16,100 ft).	Rhadinesthes decimus	species
taxon rank	Carayonemidae is a family of scale insects commonly known as carayonemids.	Carayonemidae	family
taxon rank	Carex sodiroi is a species of sedge known from a single collection made by Luis Sodiro at some time before 1886.	Carex sodiroi	species
taxon rank	Eucalyptus nitens, commonly known as shining gum, is a Eucalypt species native to Victoria and eastern New South Wales, Australia.	Eucalyptus nitens	species
taxon rank	Adelphotectonica reevei is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Architectonicidae, known as the staircase shells or sundials.	Adelphotectonica reevei	species
taxon rank	Xyris brevifolia, the shortleaf yelloweyed grass, is a North American species of flowering plant in the yellow-eyed-grass family.	Xyris brevifolia	species
taxon rank	Lasthenia, commonly known as goldfields, is a genus of the botanical family Asteraceae.	Lasthenia	genus
taxon rank	Discus textilis is an extinct species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Discidae, the disk snails.	Discus textilis	species
taxon rank	Macrotritopus defilippi, commonly known as the Lilliput longarm octopus or the Atlantic longarm octopus, is a small species of octopus, a marine cephalopod mollusc of the order Octopoda.	Macrotritopus defilippi	species
taxon rank	The family Polychelidae contains thirty-eight extant species of blind, benthic lobster-like crustaceans.	Polychelidae	family
taxon rank	Psammophis angolensis, sometimes known as the dwarf sand snake, is a species of snake in the family Lamprophiidae reaching a maximum length of 50 cm, but averaging 30 cm. The snake actively forages for lizards and frogs.	Psammophis angolensis	species
taxon rank	The genus is monotypic, containing the single species Lobosporangium transversale, found in the USA and Mexico.	Lobosporangium	species
taxon rank	Mirognathus normani, Norman's Smooth-head, is a species of slickhead native to the north-east and western Atlantic Ocean.	Mirognathus normani	species
taxon rank	Suzanniwana is an extinct genus of iguanian lizards that lived in western North America during the earliest Eocene, approximately 56 million years ago.	Suzanniwana	genus
taxon rank	Pseudophoenix vinifera (Cacheo, Katié) is a palm species endemic to Hispaniola.	Pseudophoenix vinifera	species
taxon rank	Chionanthus albidiflorus (syn. Linociera albidiflora (Thwaites) C.B.Clarke) is a species of flowering plant in the family Oleaceae.	Chionanthus albidiflorus	species
taxon rank	Acousmaticus magnicornis is a moth in the Cossidae family, and the only species in the genus Acousmaticus.	Acousmaticus magnicornis	species
taxon rank	Isolepis is a cosmopolitan genus of sedge containing around 70 species.	Isolepis	genus
taxon rank	Chalcosoma is a genus of Southeast Asian rhinoceros beetles, comprising three species:	Chalcosoma	genus
taxon rank	†Partula dolorosa was a species of air-breathing tropical land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae.	Partula dolorosa	species
taxon rank	Rhynchostylis coelestis is a species of orchid endemic to Indochina.	Rhynchostylis coelestis	species
taxon rank	Bateidae is a family of amphipod crustaceans, comprising the single genus Batea, which in turn contains thirteen species:	Bateidae	family
taxon rank	Lophiaspis is an extinct genus of chalicothere endemic to Europe during the Eocene living from 55.8--37.2 Ma and existed for approximately 18.6 million years.	Lophiaspis	genus
taxon rank	Dinomenia is a genus of cavibelonian solenogaster, one kind of small, shell-less mollusk.	Dinomenia	genus
taxon rank	Magnolia obovata (Japanese bigleaf magnolia and Japanese whitebark magnolia) is a species of Magnolia, native to Japan and the adjacent Kurile Islands.	Magnolia obovata	species
taxon rank	Theristicus is a genus of birds in the Threskiornithidae family.	Theristicus	genus
taxon rank	Tetraponera allaborans, is a species of ant of the subfamily Myrmicinae, which can be found in many Asian countries.	Tetraponera allaborans	species
taxon rank	The Japanese fire belly newt (Cynops pyrrhogaster) is a species of newt in the Salamandridae family endemic to Japan.	Japanese fire belly newt	species
taxon rank	Plagiolabra is a neotropical genus of potter wasps currently containing 2 species found in the Gran Chaco biogeographical province of central South America.	Plagiolabra	genus
taxon rank	Flexopecten hyalinus, the Hyaline Scallop, is a species of saltwater clams, a scallop, a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Pectinidae, the scallops.	Flexopecten hyalinus	species
taxon rank	Pholisma arenarium is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by several common names, including desert Christmas tree, scaly-stemmed sand plant, and purple sand food.	Pholisma arenarium	species
taxon rank	Dendrotrochus ponapensis is a species of small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Euconulidae, the hive snails.This species is endemic to Micronesia.	Dendrotrochus ponapensis	species
taxon rank	Diuris chryseopsis, commonly known as the Small Snake Orchid or Common Golden Moths, is a species of orchid that is endemic to south-eastern Australia.	Diuris chryseopsis	species
taxon rank	It consists of only one species, Parasthena flexilinea, which is found on Sulawesi, the Philippines and Borneo and possibly on Seram and Papua New Guinea.	Parasthena	species
taxon rank	Conus guinaicus is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk.	Conus guinaicus	species
taxon rank	Eriogonum davidsonii is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name Davidson's buckwheat.	Eriogonum davidsonii	species
taxon rank	Acantholycosa sayanensis is a species of wolf spider found only in the Western Sayan Mountains in Russia.	Acantholycosa sayanensis	species
taxon rank	Bothrops itapetiningae, or the São Paulo lancehead, is a species of venomous snake in the Viperidae family.	Bothrops itapetiningae	species
taxon rank	Calliandra is a genus of flowering plants in the pea family, Fabaceae, subfamily Mimosoideae.	Calliandra	genus
taxon rank	Gilia yorkii is a rare species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common names Boyden Cave gilia and monarch gilia.	Gilia yorkii	species
taxon rank	Bulinus nasutus is a species of tropical freshwater snail with a sinistral shell, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ramshorn snails and their allies.	Bulinus nasutus	species
taxon rank	Jeholops is an extinct genus of notostracan which existed in the Yixian Formation, inner Mongolia, China during the early Cretaceous period (Barremian age).	Jeholops	genus
taxon rank	Dupouyichthys sapito is the only species of banjo catfishes in the genus Dupouyichthys.	Dupouyichthys sapito	species
taxon rank	Penicillium daejeonium is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from grape and schisandra fruit in Korea.	Penicillium daejeonium	species
taxon rank	Neoparrya lithophila, also known by the common names Bill's neoparrya and rock-loving aletes, is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family.	Neoparrya lithophila	species
taxon rank	Diaethria euclides is a species of butterfly of the Diaethria genus.	Diaethria euclides	species
taxon rank	Platymantis mamusiorum (Nakanai wrinkled bamboo frog) is a species of frog in the Ceratobatrachidae family.	Platymantis mamusiorum	species
taxon rank	Muscina levida is a species of fly from the family Muscidae.	Muscina levida	species
taxon rank	Cressa cretica is a species of flowering plant in the morning glory family.	Cressa cretica	species
taxon rank	Villalobosius is a genus of crabs in the family Pseudothelphusidae, containing a single species, Villalobosius lopezformenti.	Villalobosius	genus
taxon rank	Mictocaris halope is the only species of freshwater crustacean in the monotypic genus Mictocaris.	Mictocaris	species
taxon rank	Fitchia is a genus of flowering plants in the sunflower family, native to certain islands in the Pacific.	Fitchia	genus
taxon rank	Paraspinibarbus alloiopleurus is a species of cyprinid fish that is found in the eastern Asian countries of China, Laos and Vietnam.	Paraspinibarbus alloiopleurus	species
taxon rank	Raphanus (Latin for ``radish'') is a genus within the flowering plant family Brassicaceae.	Raphanus	genus
taxon rank	Agyneta albomaculata is a species of sheet weaver found in the Galapagos Islands.	Agyneta albomaculata	species
taxon rank	Galium muricatum, Humboldt bedstraw, is a species of plants in the Rubiaceae.	Galium muricatum	species
taxon rank	Synodontis dhonti is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it is only known from Lake Tanganyika.	Synodontis dhonti	species
taxon rank	Picea glehnii, the Sakhalin spruce or Glehn's spruce, is a species of conifer in the Pinaceae family.	Picea glehnii	species
taxon rank	The Kerguelen shag (Phalacrocorax verrucosus) is a species of cormorant endemic to the Kerguelen Islands in the southern Indian Ocean, one of the most isolated places on Earth.	Kerguelen shag	species
taxon rank	Hypsipyla robusta, the cedar tip moth, is a species of snout moth in the genus Hypsipyla.	Hypsipyla robusta	species
taxon rank	Thelesperma filifolium, commonly known as stiff greenthread, or plains greenthread, is a species of flowering plant in the aster family, Asteraceae.	Thelesperma filifolium	species
taxon rank	It contains the single species Lepidoneiva erubescens, which is found in Brazil (São Paulo).	Lepidoneiva	species
taxon rank	Seorsumuscardinus is a genus of fossil dormice from the early Miocene of Europe.	Seorsumuscardinus	genus
taxon rank	Dimetrodon (i/daɪˈmiːtrədɒn/; meaning ``two measures of teeth'') is an extinct genus of synapsid that lived during the Early Permian period, around 295--272 million years ago (Ma).	Dimetrodon	genus
taxon rank	Lamoria adaptella, the plain lamoria, is a species of snout moth in the genus Lamoria.	Lamoria adaptella	species
taxon rank	Naegleria lovaniensis is a species of Naegleria.	Naegleria lovaniensis	species
taxon rank	Lycosa is a genus of wolf spiders.	Lycosa	genus
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Themisia nuda.	Themisia	species
taxon rank	Ribes binominatum is a species of currant known by the common names trailing gooseberry and ground gooseberry.	Ribes binominatum	species
taxon rank	Wynnea americana, commonly known as moose antlers or rabbit ears, is a species of fungus in the family Sarcoscyphaceae.	Wynnea americana	species
taxon rank	Marrubium peregrinum (Horehound) is a species of herbaceous perennial plant, with height up to 60 cm, native to south-east Europe, the Balkans, and Asia Minor.	Marrubium peregrinum	species
taxon rank	The Arbacioida are an order of sea urchins, consisting of a single family, the Arbaciidae.	Arbacioida	order
taxon rank	Hyastenus elatus is a species of crab in the family Epialtidae.	Hyastenus elatus	species
taxon rank	Dioryctria taedivorella, the lesser loblolly pineconeworm moth, is a species of snout moth in the genus Dioryctria.	Dioryctria taedivorella	species
taxon rank	Habenaria fordii is a species of plant in the Orchidaceae family.	Habenaria fordii	species
taxon rank	Draconectes narinosus is a species of troglobitic stone loach known only from a cave on Van Gio Island in Halong Bay, Vietnam.	Draconectes narinosus	species
taxon rank	Cheiracanthium occidentale is a spider species found in Minorca.	Cheiracanthium occidentale	species
taxon rank	Gammarus pecos is a species of crustacean in family Gammaridae.	Gammarus pecos	species
taxon rank	Penicillium parvulum is a monoverticillate species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from soil of a peanut field in Georgia.	Penicillium parvulum	species
taxon rank	Physopsis is a genus of plants in the mint family, Lamiaceae, first described in 1849.	Physopsis	genus
taxon rank	Sepia mirabilis is a species of cuttlefish native to the western Indian Ocean.	Sepia mirabilis	species
taxon rank	Mycterus curculioides is a species of beetles belonging to the family Mycteridae.	Mycterus curculioides	species
taxon rank	Conuber sordidum (originally described as Natica sordida by Swainson) is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk family Naticidae, the moon snails.	Conuber sordidum	species
taxon rank	Heliconius hermathena, the Hermathena Longwing, is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family.	Heliconius hermathena	species
taxon rank	Ivesia jaegeri, is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common name Jaeger's mousetail, or Jaeger's ivesia.	Ivesia jaegeri	species
taxon rank	Periophthalmus gracilis is a species of mudskippers native to marine and brackish waters of the eastern Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean where it is an inhabitant of the intertidal zone, capable of spending time out of water.	Periophthalmus gracilis	species
taxon rank	Tilloglomus spectabilis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Tilloglomus.	Tilloglomus	species
taxon rank	Tradescantia fluminensis is a species of spiderwort native to South America.	Tradescantia fluminensis	species
taxon rank	Amantis fumosa is a species of praying mantis native to India.	Amantis fumosa	species
taxon rank	Ptychochromis insolitus, also known as the Mangarahara cichlid, is a species of cichlid endemic to certain river systems in northern Madagascar.	Ptychochromis insolitus	species
taxon rank	The Plicatulidae are a family of saltwater clams, marine bivalve mollusks, known commonly as kitten's paws or kittenpaws.	Plicatulidae	family
taxon rank	Eleutherodactylus maurus (Spanish: Rana-fisgona Café) is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family.	Eleutherodactylus maurus	species
taxon rank	Aphanostephus riddellii is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family, with the common name Riddell's lazydaisy .	Aphanostephus riddellii	species
taxon rank	Ceuthophilus elegans is an insect species in the genus Ceuthophilus.	Ceuthophilus elegans	species
taxon rank	Pernagera gatliffi is a species of small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae.	Pernagera gatliffi	species
taxon rank	Triops newberryi is a species of Triops found on the western coast of North America, commonly in valleys throughout the states of Washington, Oregon, California, and small areas of Nevada, Utah, New Mexico, and Mexico, with at least one disjunct population in Kansas.	Triops newberryi	species
taxon rank	Anemone jamesonii is a species of plant in the Ranunculaceae family.	Anemone jamesonii	species
taxon rank	Eriophorum vaginatum L. (hare's-tail cottongrass, tussock cottongrass, sheathed cottonsedge) is a species of perennial herbaceous plant in the family Cyperaceae, native to bogs and other acidic wetlands throughout the Holarctic Kingdom.	Eriophorum vaginatum	species
taxon rank	Ribeiroclinus eigenmanni is a species of clinid found along the Atlantic coast of South America from southern Brazil to central Argentina where it has been found at a depth of about 17 metres (56 ft).	Ribeiroclinus eigenmanni	species
taxon rank	Potamanthidae is a family of Mayflies (Ephemeroptera) with 3 genera in which there are 23 species.	Potamanthidae	family
taxon rank	Elimia macglameriana was a species of freshwater snails with an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Pleuroceridae.	Elimia macglameriana	species
taxon rank	The Thermoactinomycetaceae are a family of Gram-positive endospore-forming bacteria.	Thermoactinomycetaceae	family
taxon rank	Jorunna funebris, common name the dotted nudibranch, is a large species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusc in the family Discodorididae.	Jorunna funebris	species
taxon rank	Psorospermum febrifugum is a flowering plant species in the genus Psorospermum occurring in Zimbabwe and Mozambique.	Psorospermum febrifugum	species
taxon rank	Aeshna ellioti, the highland hawker or Elliot's hawker, is a species of dragonfly in the family Aeshnidae.	Aeshna ellioti	species
taxon rank	Atrocalopteryx atrata is a species of damselfly belonging to the family Calopterygidae.	Atrocalopteryx atrata	species
taxon rank	Hypselodoris placida is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch.	Hypselodoris placida	species
taxon rank	Fessonia is a genus of mites belonging to the family Smaridiidae.	Fessonia	genus
taxon rank	Balistomorphus is an extinct genus of prehistoric triggerfish that lived a marine environment during the early Oligocene epoch in what is now Canton Glarus, Switzerland.	Balistomorphus	genus
taxon rank	Gaillardia coahuilensis, bandanna daisy, is a North American species of flowering plant in the sunflower family.	Gaillardia coahuilensis	species
taxon rank	Mesoponera is an Old World genus of ants in the subfamily Ponerinae.	Mesoponera	genus
taxon rank	Elachisinidae is a family of sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Rissooidea and the clade Littorinimorpha.	Elachisinidae	family
taxon rank	Tropaeolum leptophyllum is a species of perennial plant in the Tropaeolaceae family.	Tropaeolum leptophyllum	species
taxon rank	Alternaria brassicae is a plant pathogen able to infect most Brassica species including important crops such as broccoli, cabbage and oil seed rape.	Alternaria brassicae	species
taxon rank	Elachistocleis ovalis (common name: common oval frog, Spanish: sapito apuntado bicolor) is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.	Elachistocleis ovalis	species
taxon rank	Tolumnia guianensis is a species of orchid endemic to Hispaniola.	Tolumnia guianensis	species
taxon rank	Oberea breviantennalis is a species of longhorn beetle in the tribe Saperdini in the genus Oberea, discovered in 2006.	Oberea breviantennalis	species
taxon rank	Eriophyllum jepsonii is a rare North American species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Jepson's woolly sunflower.	Eriophyllum jepsonii	species
taxon rank	Hylarana signata, commonly known as the striped stream frog, spotted stream frog, or Matang frog, is a species of true frog in the genus Hylarana.	Hylarana signata	species
taxon rank	Thoracochromis is a fish genus of haplochromine cichlids that are endemic to Africa.	Thoracochromis	genus
taxon rank	Lavandula lanata is a shrubby lavender species native to southern Spain.	Lavandula lanata	species
taxon rank	Mangifera casturi (also called Kalimantan Mango or Kasturi) is a species of plant in the Anacardiaceae family.	Mangifera casturi	species
taxon rank	Calochortus spatulatus is a Mexican species of plants in the lily family.	Calochortus spatulatus	species
taxon rank	Nososticta solitaria is an Australian species of damselfly in the family Protoneuridae, commonly known as the fivespot threadtail.	Nososticta solitaria	species
taxon rank	Schleinitzia fosbergii is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name strand tangantangan.	Schleinitzia fosbergii	species
taxon rank	Kentiopsis magnifica (formerly Mackeea magnifica) is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family.	Kentiopsis magnifica	species
taxon rank	The superfamily Glypheoidea comprises five families.	Glypheoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Megalagrion molokaiense, common name Molokai damselfly, is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae.	Megalagrion molokaiense	species
taxon rank	Sorex araneus grantii is a subspecies of the shrew Sorex araneus, found only on the Scottish island of Islay.	Sorex araneus grantii	subspecies
taxon rank	Austrocactus coxii is a plant species in the genus Austrocactus from the cactus family (Cactaceae), indigenous to southern Argentina and southern Chile.	Austrocactus coxii	species
taxon rank	Isodendrion laurifolium is a rare species of flowering plant in the violet family known by the common names rockcliff isodendrion and aupaka.	Isodendrion laurifolium	species
taxon rank	Angelica pachycarpa is found growing in the Crithmo-Armerion maritimae (Géhu 1968) community of plants in Spain and Portugal which includes these species also:	Angelica pachycarpa	species
taxon rank	Mantellisaurus is a genus of dinosaur formerly known as Iguanodon atherfieldensis that lived in the Barremian and possibly the early Aptian ages of the Early Cretaceous Period of Europe.	Mantellisaurus	genus
taxon rank	Cybaeidae is a family of spiders comprising twelve genera.	Cybaeidae	family
taxon rank	Pediocactus bradyi is a rare species of cactus known by the common names Brady's pincushion cactus, Brady's hedgehog cactus, and Marble Canyon cactus.	Pediocactus bradyi	species
taxon rank	Icmadophila eucalypti is a species of lichen in the family Icmadophilaceae.	Icmadophila eucalypti	species
taxon rank	Lepidobatrachus is a genus of ceratophryidid frogs.	Lepidobatrachus	genus
taxon rank	The Starostin's loach (Troglocobitis starostini) is a species of troglobitic stone loach endemic to Turkmenistan.	Starostin's loach	species
taxon rank	Exelastis montischristi is a species of moth in the genus Exelastis, known from Hispaniola, Ecuador, Grenada, Jamaica, Martinique, the Virgin Islands, Florida and Texas.	Exelastis montischristi	species
taxon rank	Prodontocharax is a genus of characins found in tropical South America, with three currently described species:	Prodontocharax	genus
taxon rank	Barbus dorsolineatus, the Cunene barb or topstripe barb, is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.	Barbus dorsolineatus	species
taxon rank	Penicillium onobense is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from beech forest in Navarra in Spain.	Penicillium onobense	species
taxon rank	Orbexilum pedunculatum, commonly known as Sampson's snakeroot, is a species of flowering plant in the legume family.	Orbexilum pedunculatum	species
taxon rank	Heteropenaeus longimanus is a species of shrimp belonging to the family Rhynchocinetidae, known by the common name Longarm prawn.	Heteropenaeus longimanus	species
taxon rank	Heteroplexis is a genus of Chinese flowering plants in the daisy family.	Heteroplexis	genus
taxon rank	Araripemys is an extinct turtle genus from 120 million years ago, in Early Cretaceous Brazil.	Araripemys	genus
taxon rank	Dorycera grandis is a species of picture-winged fly in the genus Dorycera of the family Ulidiidae.	Dorycera grandis	species
taxon rank	Mimepilysta compacta is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimepilysta.	Mimepilysta compacta	species
taxon rank	Tricarinodynerus is a genus of potter wasps known from the Afrotropical and Palearctic regions.	Tricarinodynerus	genus
taxon rank	Diestrammena asynamora is a species of cave cricket in the family Rhaphidophoridae.	Diestrammena asynamora	species
taxon rank	Biophytum sensitivum is a species of plant in the Oxalidaceae family and in the genus Biophytum.	Biophytum sensitivum	species
taxon rank	Synodus falcatus is a species of lizardfish that lives mainly in the Eastern Central Pacific Ocean.	Synodus falcatus	species
taxon rank	Gastridium is a small but widespread genus of African and Eurasian plants in the grass family.	Gastridium	genus
taxon rank	Icaronycteris is an extinct genus of microchiropteran (echolocating) bat that lived in the early Eocene, approximately 52.2 million years ago, making it the earliest known definitive bat.	Icaronycteris	genus
taxon rank	Calyptranthes elegans, the bashy guava, bois baguette, bois petite feuille, is a flowering plant species in the genus Calyptranthes endemic to the Lesser Antilles.	Calyptranthes elegans	species
taxon rank	Myrmeciites is an extinct form genus of bulldog ants in the subfamily Myrmeciinae of the family Formicidae, which contains three described species and two fossils not placed beyond the genus level.	Myrmeciites	genus
taxon rank	Chinemesa is a little-known genus of thread-legged bug (Emesinae) apparently endemic to Borneo.	Chinemesa	genus
taxon rank	Anabas is a genus of climbing gouramies native to southern and eastern Asia.	Anabas	genus
taxon rank	Capropygia unistriata, also known as the Black-banded pygmy boxfish, is a species of deepwater boxfish found in the waters over the continental shelf off the southern coast of Australia.	Capropygia unistriata	species
taxon rank	First considered a Mexican population of Storeria occipitomaculata by Storer in 1839, Storeria hidalgoensis was described as separate species in 1942 by Taylor.	Storeria hidalgoensis	species
taxon rank	Polycheira is a genus of holothurians (sea cucumbers) found in tropical Indo-Pacific.	Polycheira	genus
taxon rank	Prionolomia heros is a species of squash bug belonging to the Coreidae family.	Prionolomia heros	species
taxon rank	Formica bradleyi (common name sandhill ant) is a species of ant.	Formica bradleyi	species
taxon rank	Hassalstrongylus is a genus of nematode worms that infect mostly muroid rodents from eastern North America to South America.	Hassalstrongylus	genus
taxon rank	Lindera lucida is a plant species in the genus Lindera found in Malaysia.	Lindera lucida	species
taxon rank	Melica tibetica, is a grass species in the Poaceae family that is endemic to China and can be found in such provinces as Inner Mongolia, Qinghai, Sichuan, and Xizang.	Melica tibetica	species
taxon rank	Lithops localis (also known as Lithops terricolor) is a species of plant in the Aizoaceae family, indigenous to South Africa.	Lithops localis	species
taxon rank	Ochina hirsuta is a species of Anobiidae in the genus Ochina.	Ochina hirsuta	species
taxon rank	Amphitecna macrophylla, commonly known as black calabashor chaff-bush, is a species of plant in the Bignoniaceae family.	Amphitecna macrophylla	species
taxon rank	Arctocyon ('bear dog') is an extinct genus of ungulate mammals.	Arctocyon	genus
taxon rank	Garcinia gummi-gutta is a tropical species of Garcinia native to Indonesia.	Garcinia gummi-gutta	species
taxon rank	Nhoabe mocquerysalis is a species of snout moth, and the type species in the genus Nhoabe.	Nhoabe mocquerysalis	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces humidus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which was isolated from soil in Japan.	Streptomyces humidus	species
taxon rank	The order Ascaridida includes several families of parasitic roundworms with three ``lips'' on the anterior end.	Ascaridida	order
taxon rank	The Nymphomyiidae are a family of tiny (2 mm) slender, delicate flies (Diptera).	Nymphomyiidae	family
taxon rank	Theledectes is an extinct genus of theledectine procolophonid parareptile from middle Triassic (early Anisian stage) deposits of Free State Province, South Africa.	Theledectes	genus
taxon rank	The Japanese grass vole (Microtus montebelli) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Japanese grass vole	species
taxon rank	Fresvillia is an extinct cephalopod genus belonging to baculitid family of the ammonoid order Ancyloceratida that lived during the Late Cretaceous, found in France.	Fresvillia	genus
taxon rank	Malus toringoides is a crabapple species in the family Rosaceae, with the common name cut-leaf crabapple.	Malus toringoides	species
taxon rank	Amphisbaena nigricauda is a species of worm lizard, which is endemic to Brazil.	Amphisbaena nigricauda	species
taxon rank	Galium uncinulatum, common name bristly bedstraw, is a species of plants in the Rubiaceae.	Galium uncinulatum	species
taxon rank	Gomphocarpus purpurascens, is a species of milkweed endemic to Ethiopia, where it is used medicinally to treat fever.	Gomphocarpus purpurascens	species
taxon rank	Lasasaurus is an extinct genus of procolophonid parareptile known from the Early Triassic Middle Sakamena Formation, of northern Madagascar.	Lasasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Vantanea peruviana is a species of plant in the Humiriaceae family.	Vantanea peruviana	species
taxon rank	Drepanopterus is an extinct genus of eurypterid.	Drepanopterus	genus
taxon rank	Kaloula is a genus of microhylid frogs found in South Asia, Southeast Asia and East Asia.	Kaloula	genus
taxon rank	Pseudopetalichthyida is an extinct order of lightly armored placoderms known only from rare fossils in Lower Devonian strata in Hunsrück, Germany.	Pseudopetalichthyida	order
taxon rank	Bedotia sp. nov. 'Ankavia-Ankavanana' is an undescribed species of fish in the family Bedotiidae.	Bedotia sp. nov. 'Ankavia-Ankavanana'	species
taxon rank	Creaser's mud turtle (Kinosternon creaseri) is a species of mud turtle in the Kinosternidae family.	Creaser's mud turtle	species
taxon rank	Schistocarpha is a genus of flowering plants in the Quickweed tribe within the daisy family.	Schistocarpha	genus
taxon rank	Diarrheneae is a tribe of grasses, containing two genera.	Diarrheneae	tribe
taxon rank	It contains the single species Osmadenia tenella, which is known by the common name false rosinweed.	Osmadenia	species
taxon rank	Rhachis sanguineus is an extinct species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the superfamily Enoidea.	Rhachis sanguineus	species
taxon rank	Callionymus megastomus is a species of dragonet native to the Indian Ocean around India.	Callionymus megastomus	species
taxon rank	Vernonia arborea is a species of medium-sized flowering plant in the Asteraceae family that is found in Western Ghats of India and Sri Lanka.	Vernonia arborea	species
taxon rank	Hallomenus axillaris is a species of fungus beetle in the family Tetratomidae.	Hallomenus axillaris	species
taxon rank	Pseudopanax simplex is a species of evergreen plant.	Pseudopanax simplex	species
taxon rank	Aspidura drummondhayi, commonly known as Drummond-Hay's rough-sided snake or කෙටිවල් මැඩිල්ලා (ketiwal medilla) in Sinhala, is a colubrid species endemic to Sri Lanka.	Aspidura drummondhayi	species
taxon rank	Buddleja utahensis is a species of Buddleja endemic to the southwestern United States (northwest Arizona, eastern California, southern Nevada, and southwestern Utah), where it is known by the common names Utah butterfly bush and Panamint butterfly bush.	Buddleja utahensis	species
taxon rank	Harpalus chalcentus is a species of ground beetle native to Asia.	Harpalus chalcentus	species
taxon rank	Paramysis nouveli is a species of mysid crustacean, found in marine shallow-water habitats in Western Europe.	Paramysis nouveli	species
taxon rank	Sciaenochromis fryeri is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is found along the rocky coastal areas at depths of from 10 to 40 metres (33 to 131 ft).	Sciaenochromis fryeri	species
taxon rank	Myrmarachne is a genus of jumping spiders which imitate an ant by waving their front legs in the air to simulate antennae.	Myrmarachne	genus
taxon rank	Anochetus conisquamis is an extinct species of ant in the subfamily Ponerinae known from one possibly Miocene fossil found on Hispaniola.	Anochetus conisquamis	species
taxon rank	Psednos is a genus of snailfishes found in all the world's oceans.	Psednos	genus
taxon rank	Microsciurus or dwarf squirrels is a genus of squirrels from the tropical regions of Central and South America.	Microsciurus	genus
taxon rank	Stenophloeus ocularis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Stenophloeus.	Stenophloeus ocularis	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces neyagawaensis is an Actinobacteria species in the antibiotic producing genus Streptomyces.	Streptomyces neyagawaensis	species
taxon rank	Trillium viride, wood wakerobin, is a plant species found only in the central United States (States of Missouri and Illinois).	Trillium viride	species
taxon rank	Rheobates is a small genus of frogs in the Aromobatidae family.	Rheobates	genus
taxon rank	Vanikoro plicata is a species of very small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Vanikoridae.	Vanikoro plicata	species
taxon rank	Paphiopedilum helenae is a species of orchid endemic to Cao Bằng Province of Vietnam.	Paphiopedilum helenae	species
taxon rank	Ectodus descampsii is a species of cichlid fish endemic to Lake Tanganyika in East Africa where it prefers areas with substrates of coarse sand.	Ectodus descampsii	species
taxon rank	Idioteuthis cordiformis is a species of whip-lash squid found in tropical regions of the west Pacific Ocean.	Idioteuthis cordiformis	species
taxon rank	Scaphiophryne verrucosa is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family, endemic to Madagascar.	Scaphiophryne verrucosa	species
taxon rank	Eulophia petersii is a succulent species of flowering plant in the Orchidaceae family, from southern and eastern Africa.	Eulophia petersii	species
taxon rank	Microsteus is a genus of small selenosteid arthrodire placoderms known from the Upper Frasnian Kellwasserkalk facies of Late Devonian Germany.	Microsteus	genus
taxon rank	Moodna olivella is a species of snout moth in the genus Moodna.	Moodna olivella	species
taxon rank	Carabus lineatus is a species of beetle from Carabidae family, that can be found in France, Portugal, and Spain.	Carabus lineatus	species
taxon rank	Melicope ovalis (Wild pelea or Hana melicope) is a species of tree in the Rutaceae family.	Melicope ovalis	species
taxon rank	Rugathodes sexpunctatus is a minute species of spider in the family Theridiidae, the cobweb or tangle-web spiders.	Rugathodes sexpunctatus	species
taxon rank	Argobuccinum pustulosum, common name the pustular triton, is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae, the triton snails, triton shells or tritons.	Argobuccinum pustulosum	species
taxon rank	Mallota bautias is a species of hoverfly (Diptera: Syrphidae).	Mallota bautias	species
taxon rank	Conus typhon, common name the typhon cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus typhon	species
taxon rank	Euchlaena muzaria, the muzaria euchlaena moth, is a species of moth of the family Geometridae.	Euchlaena muzaria	species
taxon rank	Orthalicidae (orthalicid land snails) are a family of tropical air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks are classified in the informal group Sigmurethra of the clade Stylommatophora.	Orthalicidae	family
taxon rank	Penstemon pseudospectabilis (desert beardtongue, or desert penstemon) a species of penstemon.	Penstemon pseudospectabilis	species
taxon rank	The La Paz robber frog, Oreobates cruralis, is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.	Oreobates cruralis	species
taxon rank	Persoonia fastigiata is a species of shrub in the family Proteaceae that is native to eastern Australia.	Persoonia fastigiata	species
taxon rank	Drilus flavescens is a species of beetles belonging to the family Drilidae.	Drilus flavescens	species
taxon rank	Trypanosoma rangeli is a hemoflagellate protozoan parasite species of the genus Trypanosoma.	Trypanosoma rangeli	species
taxon rank	Squirrels are members of the family Sciuridae, consisting of small or medium-size rodents.	Squirrel	family
taxon rank	Coleocephalocereus is a genus of erect and semi-erect columnar cacti from Brazil.	Coleocephalocereus	genus
taxon rank	Chararica circiimperfecta is a species of snout moth in the genus Chararica.	Chararica circiimperfecta	species
taxon rank	Stethopristes eos is a species of parazen found in the Pacific Ocean where it has so far only been recorded from near Chile and near Hawaii.	Stethopristes eos	species
taxon rank	Conus pulcher, common name the butterfly cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus pulcher	species
taxon rank	Epadrianites is a genus of the Adrianitidae family.	Epadrianites	genus
taxon rank	Piodes coriacea is a species of long-horn beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Piodes.	Piodes	genus
taxon rank	Canarium acutifolium is a forest tree species, of the plant family Burseraceae, growing naturally in New Guinea, the Moluccas, Sulawesi, New Britain, New Ireland, Bougainville and in lowland north-eastern Queensland, Australia.	Canarium acutifolium	species
taxon rank	Scadoxus puniceus, commonly known as the paintbrush lily, is a species of bulbous plant.	Scadoxus puniceus	species
taxon rank	Dysaethria is a genus of moths in the Uraniidae family.	Dysaethria	genus
taxon rank	Escherichia fergusonii is a Gram-negative, rod-shaped species of bacterium.	Escherichia fergusonii	species
taxon rank	Chiromantis senapatiensis (Senapti's tree frog) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family endemic to Northeast India.	Chiromantis senapatiensis	species
taxon rank	Ornithostaphylos is a monotypic plant genus which contains the single species Ornithostaphylos oppositifolia, the Baja birdbush or Baja California birdbush.	Ornithostaphylos	species
taxon rank	Linophryne andersoni is a species of leftvent in the genus Linophryne it is found in deep water up to 50m northeast of the Line Islands.	Linophryne andersoni	species
taxon rank	Aquilegia eximia is a species of columbine known by the common names serpentine columbine or Van Houtte's columbine.	Aquilegia eximia	species
taxon rank	Selaginella is the sole genus of vascular plants in the family Selaginellaceae, the spikemosses or lesser clubmosses.	Selaginella	genus
taxon rank	Sphodromantis hyalina is a species of praying mantis found in Gabon, Central African Republic and the Congo River region.	Sphodromantis hyalina	species
taxon rank	Spelaeophryne methneri is a species of frog in the Brevicipitidae family.	Spelaeophryne methneri	species
taxon rank	Melinaea is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies.	Melinaea	genus
taxon rank	Zygoballus sexpunctatus is a species of jumping spider which occurs in the southeastern United States where it can be found in a variety of grassy habitats.	Zygoballus sexpunctatus	species
taxon rank	Moniliella is a genus of fungi in the subphylum Ustilaginomycotina.	Moniliella	genus
taxon rank	Oxymeris chlorata, common name : the Pink-spotted Auger, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae, the auger snails.	Oxymeris chlorata	species
taxon rank	Melica decipiens is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that can be found in the mountains of Cordoba and San Luis provinces of Argentina.	Melica decipiens	species
taxon rank	Gastropholis is a genus of Equatorial African lacertid lizards of the family Lacertidae which is distributed in southern Liberia, Ivory Coast and Ghana, western Cameroon, Equatorial Guinea, Democratic Republic of Congo, eastern Kenya, Tanzania and south to northeastern Mozambique.	Gastropholis	genus
taxon rank	Lepidocephalichthys hasselti is a species of cobitid loach native to southeastern Asia and western Indonesia.	Lepidocephalichthys hasselti	species
taxon rank	Craspidospermum is a monotypic genus of plant in the Apocynaceae family endemic to Madagascar.	Craspidospermum	genus
taxon rank	Acanthosaura crucigera is a species of lizard commonly known as Boulenger's pricklenape or masked horned tree lizard.	Acanthosaura crucigera	species
taxon rank	Paratomoxia agathae is a species of beetle in the Paratomoxia genus that is in the Mordellidae family.	Paratomoxia agathae	species
taxon rank	Dendrophylax porrectus is a species of epiphytic orchid native to Mexico, El Salvador, Guatemala, Florida, Cayman Islands, Cuba, Hispaniola, Jamaica, and Puerto Rico.	Dendrophylax porrectus	species
taxon rank	The Palau fruit dove (Ptilinopus pelewensis) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae.	Palau fruit dove	species
taxon rank	Rhinecanthus assasi is a species of fish in the family Balistidae, the triggerfishes.	Rhinecanthus assasi	species
taxon rank	Haplomastodon is an extinct genus of proboscidean endemic to South America during the Pleistocene from 1.810 Ma--11,000 years ago, living for approximately 1.789 million years.	Haplomastodon	genus
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Pubigera subvillosula.	Pubigera	species
taxon rank	Shastoceras is a genus of extinct ammonite cephalopod found in Lower Aptian sediments in Northern California.	Shastoceras	genus
taxon rank	Thorius pennatulus is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae and one of the smallest tetrapods, with adults reaching a length of about 15 to 21 millimetres (0.59 to 0.83 in).	Thorius pennatulus	species
taxon rank	Sphenorhynchia plicatella is an extinct species of brachiopods belonging to the family Prionorhynchiidae.	Sphenorhynchia plicatella	species
taxon rank	Galeopsis speciosa (Large-flowered Hemp-nettle or Edmonton hempnettle) is a species of annual herbaceous plants in the family Lamiaceae.	Galeopsis speciosa	species
taxon rank	Cyathea callosa is a species of tree fern endemic to Luzon in the Philippines, where it grows in midmontane forest.	Cyathea callosa	species
taxon rank	The Madagascan wagtail (Motacilla flaviventris) is a species of bird in the Motacillidae family.	Madagascan wagtail	species
taxon rank	Adansonia kilima is a species of baobab tree native to Africa, described in 2012.	Adansonia kilima	species
taxon rank	Leptura longipennis is an extinct species, that is included to incertae sedis of the Lepturinae subfamily in long-horned beetle family.	Leptura longipennis	species
taxon rank	Acanthemblemaria balanorum is a species of fish in the family Chaenopsidae known by the common names clubhead blenny and clubhead barnacle blenny.	Acanthemblemaria balanorum	species
taxon rank	Kaunia is a genus of South American shrubs or small trees in the sunflower family.	Kaunia	genus
taxon rank	Hierodula is a genus of praying mantises found throughout Asia.	Hierodula	genus
taxon rank	Naso vlamingii is a species of unicornfish in the surgeonfish family known by the common names bignose unicornfish, scibbled unicornfish, Vlaming's unicornfish, and zebra unicornfish.	Naso vlamingii	species
taxon rank	Garcinia gardneriana (Bacupari) is an evergreen, dioecious species of the genus Garcinia.	Garcinia gardneriana	species
taxon rank	The Coronophorales are an order of fungi in the class Sordariomycetes.	Coronophorales	order
taxon rank	Schindalmonotus is a genus of bristle millipede containing the sole species Schindalmonotus hystrix known from South Africa and Mozambique.	Schindalmonotus	species
taxon rank	Euleia basihyalina is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Euleia of the family Tephritidae.	Euleia basihyalina	species
taxon rank	In areas endemic for heartwater there is likely to be use of dips against other ticks of domestic animals, such as Rhipicephalus (Boophilus) and Hyalomma species and this will usually contribute to control of vectors of Ehrlichia ruminantium.	Ehrlichia ruminantium	species
taxon rank	Galeamopus is a genus of herbivorous diplodocid sauropod dinosaurs.	Galeamopus	genus
taxon rank	Sanagia velifera is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to the Sanaga River in Cameroon.	Sanagia velifera	species
taxon rank	Ilbiidae is a family of marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the clade Cephalaspidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Ilbiidae	family
taxon rank	Lycus trabeatus, common name Tailed net-winged beetle, is a species of beetle belonging to the Lycidae family.	Lycus trabeatus	species
taxon rank	Telmatobius is a genus of frogs native to the Andean highlands in South America, where they are found in Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia, northwestern Argentina and northern Chile.	Telmatobius	genus
taxon rank	Dectobrycon armeniacus is a species of characin endemic to Peru.	Dectobrycon armeniacus	species
taxon rank	Andrena lauracea is a rare bee species from the United States.	Andrena lauracea	species
taxon rank	The Bembicini, or sand wasps, are a large tribe of crabronid wasps, comprising 20 genera.	Bembicini	tribe
taxon rank	Acrachne is a genus of Asian, African, and Australian plants in the grass family.	Acrachne	genus
taxon rank	Gigantophis garstini is an extinct, giant snake which may have measured more than 10 m (33 ft), larger than any living species of snake.	Gigantophis	species
taxon rank	The Formosan woolly horseshoe bat is a species of bat from the family Rhinolophidae.	Formosan woolly horseshoe bat	species
taxon rank	Agapetus montanus is a species of Caddisfly.	Agapetus montanus	species
taxon rank	Canthigaster axiologus is a species of marine fish in the family Tetraodontidae.	Canthigaster axiologus	species
taxon rank	Neodihammus pici is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Neodihammus.	Neodihammus pici	species
taxon rank	Tamarix aphylla is the largest known species of Tamarix (height: to 18 metres--60 ft).	Tamarix aphylla	species
taxon rank	Cochliopina compacta is a species of very small freshwater snails that have an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae, the mud snails.	Cochliopina compacta	species
taxon rank	Kleinella is a small genus of sea snails, pyramidellid gastropod mollusk or micromollusks.	Kleinella	genus
taxon rank	Mephisto fraserbrunneri is a species of spikefish known from the Bay of Bengal near the Andaman Islands where it has been found at a depth of 291 metres (955 ft).	Mephisto fraserbrunneri	species
taxon rank	Phaulomyrma is a genus of ants in the subfamily Leptanillinae containing a single species, Phaulomyrma javana.	Phaulomyrma	species
taxon rank	Procolobomatus is a genus of copepod, containing the following species:	Procolobomatus	genus
taxon rank	Cryptantha nevadensis is a species of wildflower in the borage family known by the common names Nevada catseye and Nevada forget-me-not.	Cryptantha nevadensis	species
taxon rank	Protognathosaurus (meaning ``early jaw lizard'') is a genus of herbivorous dinosaur from the Middle Jurassic.	Protognathosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Homo is the genus that comprises the species Homo sapiens, which includes modern humans, as well as several extinct species classified as ancestral to or closely related to modern humans--as for examples Homo habilis and Homo neanderthalensis.	Homo	genus
taxon rank	The only known species is Canadanthus modestus, native to northern North America (Alaska, Yukon, British Columbia, Alberta, Manitoba, Saskatchewan, New Brunswick, Quebec, Ontario, Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Montana, North and South Dakota, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Michigan).	Canadanthus	species
taxon rank	Fimbristylis polytrichoides is a species of fimbry known by the common name rusty sedge, native to east Africa, Madagascar, China, Southeast Asia, New Guinea and Australia.	Fimbristylis polytrichoides	species
taxon rank	Upogebiidae is a family of mud shrimp in the order Decapoda.	Upogebiidae	family
taxon rank	Thogotovirus is a genus of enveloped RNA viruses, one of six genera in the virus family Orthomyxoviridae.	Thogotovirus	genus
taxon rank	Aspergillus (/ˌæspərˈdʒɪləs/) is a genus consisting of a few hundred mold species found in various climates worldwide.	Aspergillus	genus
taxon rank	Pseudosamanea cubana is a tree species in the legume family (Fabaceae).	Pseudosamanea	species
taxon rank	Clythraschema chabrillacii is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Clythraschema.	Clythraschema chabrillacii	species
taxon rank	Geogarypidae is a family of pseudoscorpion, which contains the following genera:	Geogarypidae	family
taxon rank	Hylarana montivaga (sometimes known as Langbian Plateau frog or Chantaburi stream frog) is a species of true frog in the genus Hylarana.	Hylarana montivaga	species
taxon rank	Euryades duponchelii is a species of butterfly from the family Papilionidae that is found in Brazil, Argentina, Paraguay, Uruguay, and Bolivia.	Euryades duponchelii	species
taxon rank	Oberea auriventris is a species of longhorn beetle in the tribe Saperdini in the genus Oberea, discovered by Breuning in 1961.	Oberea auriventris	species
taxon rank	Rhodothemis lieftincki, common name Red arrow, is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.	Rhodothemis lieftincki	species
taxon rank	Hypocnemoides is a genus of passerine bird in the antbird family, Thamnophilidae.	Hypocnemoides	genus
taxon rank	Carex distans, commonly known as distant sedge, is a plant species in the sedge family, Cyperaceae.	Carex distans	species
taxon rank	Simulium is a genus of black flies, which may transmit diseases such as onchocerciasis (river blindness).	Simulium	genus
taxon rank	Micropholcus fauroti is a cellar spider species with Pantropical distribution.	Micropholcus fauroti	species
taxon rank	Tritylodon (Greek for 3 cusped tooth) was a genus of tritylodont, one of the most advanced group of cynodont therapsids.	Tritylodon	genus
taxon rank	Diuris longifolia is a species of orchid which is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia.	Diuris longifolia	species
taxon rank	Rana basaltica is an extinct species of long-legged frog from Early Miocene of China.	Rana basaltica	species
taxon rank	Graphoceras is an extinct ammonite genus included in the hildoceratacean family Graphoceratidae that lived during the Bajocian stage, Middle Jurassic in what is now Europe, north Africa, and Iran.	Graphoceras	genus
taxon rank	Nabokovia is a Neotropical genus of butterflies, named by Arthur Francis Hemming in honour of Vladimir Nabokov, who extensively studied the Polyommatinae subfamily.	Nabokovia	genus
taxon rank	Sanicula hoffmannii is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the parsley family known by the common names Hoffmann's blacksnakeroot and Hoffmann's sanicle.	Sanicula hoffmannii	species
taxon rank	Paramphistomum cervi, the type species of genus Paramphistomum, is an parasitic flat worm belonging to the class Trematoda.	Paramphistomum cervi	species
taxon rank	Tricyrtis latifolia, the toad lily, is an East Asian species of plants in the lily family.	Tricyrtis latifolia	species
taxon rank	Colchicum kotschyi is a species native to Iran, Iraq and Turkey.	Colchicum kotschyi	species
taxon rank	Mastigoproctus is a genus of whip scorpions.	Mastigoproctus	genus
taxon rank	Astatotilapia is a genus of haplochromine cichlids from Africa, with a single species in Israel and Syria.	Astatotilapia	genus
taxon rank	Phoxocephalidae is a family of small, shrimp-like crustaceans in the suborder Gammaridea described by Georg Ossian Sars in 1891.	Phoxocephalidae	family
taxon rank	Zygopetalum pedicellatum, commonly known as the Mosen's Zygopetalum, is a species of orchid native to southeastern Brazil.	Zygopetalum pedicellatum	species
taxon rank	Meryta is a genus in the flowering plant family Araliaceae.	Meryta	genus
taxon rank	Trachelipus camerani is a species of woodlouse in the genus Trachelipus belonging to the family Trachelipodidae that can be found in Italy, Greece and the former Yugoslavia.	Trachelipus camerani	species
taxon rank	Vaccinium scoparium is a species of huckleberry known by the common names grouse whortleberry, grouseberry, and littleleaf huckleberry.	Vaccinium scoparium	species
taxon rank	Discoplax hirtipes is a species of terrestrial crab.	Discoplax hirtipes	species
taxon rank	Gordonia hirtella is a species of plant in the Theaceae family.	Gordonia hirtella	species
taxon rank	Arthrosaura is a genus of spectacled lizards (family Gymnophthalmidae).	Arthrosaura	genus
taxon rank	Thescelosaurinae is a subfamily of Ornithopod Dinosaurs from the Early Cretaceous of Asia and the Late Cretaceous of North America.	Thescelosaurinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Araragi is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.It is a small east Asian hairstreak genus.	Araragi	genus
taxon rank	Triplophysa lacustris is a species of stone loach endemic to China.	Triplophysa lacustris	species
taxon rank	Mesochorista proavita is an extinct species of scorpionfly from the Triassic period of Queensland, Australia.	Mesochorista proavita	species
taxon rank	Bauhinia lunarioides is a species of flowering plant in the family Fabaceae, native to Southwestern Texas in the United States and Northern Mexico.	Bauhinia lunarioides	species
taxon rank	Darwiniothamnus tenuifolius is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family, found only in Ecuador.	Darwiniothamnus tenuifolius	species
taxon rank	The Green Rock-plant, Lithops viridis, is a species of plant in the Aizoaceae family.	Lithops viridis	species
taxon rank	Pseudopsocus fusciceps is a species of Psocoptera from Trichopsocidae family that can be found in Austria, Belgium, Finland, Germany, Great Britain, Greece, Norway, Poland, Spain, Sweden, and the Netherlands.	Pseudopsocus fusciceps	species
taxon rank	Allium barsczewskii is a plant species native to Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Uzbekistan, Tajikistan, Iran, Afghanistan and Pakistan.	Allium barsczewskii	species
taxon rank	Leptophis mexicanus, commonly known as the Mexican parrot snake, is a species of medium-sized slender snake of the Colubridae family.	Leptophis mexicanus	species
taxon rank	Phoneyusa lesserti is a species of spiders belonging to the family Theraphosidae.	Phoneyusa lesserti	species
taxon rank	Strumigenys is a genus of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae.	Strumigenys	genus
taxon rank	Brachynotus is a genus of crabs, comprising the following species:	Brachynotus	genus
taxon rank	Lintneria smithi is a species of moth in the family Sphingidae, the sphinx moths and hawk moths.	Lintneria smithi	species
taxon rank	Miacids are extinct primitive carnivoramorphans within the family Miacidae that lived during the Paleocene and Eocene epochs, about 62--33 million years ago.	Miacidae	family
taxon rank	The Lanai island-aster or Lanai hesperomannia (Hesperomannia arborescens) is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.	Hesperomannia arborescens	species
taxon rank	The Tarabundí vole (Microtus oaxacensis) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Tarabundí vole	species
taxon rank	Squatina squatina, the angelshark or monkfish, is a species of shark in the family Squatinidae (known generally also as angel sharks), once widespread in the coastal waters of the northeastern Atlantic Ocean.	Squatina squatina	species
taxon rank	Melanalis perfusca is a species of snout moth, and the only species in the genus Melanalis.	Melanalis perfusca	species
taxon rank	Habenaria distans (hammock bog orchid) is a species of orchid.	Habenaria distans	species
taxon rank	Ranunculus fluitans, the river water-crowfoot, is a species of buttercup.	Ranunculus fluitans	species
taxon rank	Cattleya forbesii, the Forbes' Cattleya, is a species of orchid.	Cattleya forbesii	species
taxon rank	Andreaea regularis is a species of moss that grows in Antarctica and on the South Shetland Islands.	Andreaea regularis	species
taxon rank	Aristoceratoides is an extinct ammonoid genus belonging to the goniatitid family Thalassoceratidae that lived during the Middle Permian.	Aristoceratoides	genus
taxon rank	Opisthoteuthis californiana, also known as the flapjack octopus, is a species of octopus.	Opisthoteuthis californiana	species
taxon rank	Macrocystis integrifolia is one of four species of kelp (large brown algae) in the genus Macrocystis which grows to about 6 metres (20 ft) long.	Macrocystis integrifolia	species
taxon rank	The Stylocellidae are a family of harvestmen with about 30 described species, all of which occur from India to New Guinea.	Stylocellidae	family
taxon rank	Chionoecetes is a genus of crabs that live in the northern Pacific and Atlantic Oceans.	Chionoecetes	genus
taxon rank	Annuloceras (``Ringed Horns'') is an extinct genus of ammonite cephalopod.	Annuloceras	genus
taxon rank	Margarites vahlii, common name the Vahl margarite, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Margaritidae.	Margarites vahlii	species
taxon rank	The Pholcoidea or pholcoids are a superfamily of araneomorph spiders.	Pholcoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Homoeosoma electellum, the American sunflower moth, is a species of moth of the family Pyralidae.	Homoeosoma electellum	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Felisbertia melastomacearum.	Felisbertia	species
taxon rank	Sphaerodactylus klauberi is a species of gecko endemic to the archipelago of Puerto Rico.	Sphaerodactylus klauberi	species
taxon rank	Psaronius was a Marattialean tree fern which grew to 10m in height, and is associated with leaves of the organ genus Pecopteris and other extinct tree ferns.	Psaronius	genus
taxon rank	Microtuban is an extinct genus of azhdarchoid pterosaur known from the Late Cretaceous of northern Lebanon.	Microtuban	genus
taxon rank	Lepidotrigla kishinouyi is a species of fish in the sea robin family	Lepidotrigla kishinouyi	species
taxon rank	Campanula rapunculus, common name rampion bellflower, rampion, or rover bellflower, is a species of bellflower (Campanula) in the family Campanulaceae.	Campanula rapunculus	species
taxon rank	Phyllospadix torreyi, Torrey's surfgrass, is a plant species found along the Pacific Coasts of British Columbia, Washington, Oregon, California and Baja California (including Guadalupe Island).	Phyllospadix torreyi	species
taxon rank	Strobilomyces strobilaceus, also called Strobilomyces floccopus and commonly known as old man of the woods, is a species of fungus in the family Boletaceae.	Strobilomyces strobilaceus	species
taxon rank	Cynthiacetus is an extinct genus of basilosaurid early whale that lived during the Upper Eocene (Bartonian-Priabonian, 40.4 to 33.9 million years ago.)	Cynthiacetus	genus
taxon rank	Lepidozamia is a genus of two species of cycad, both endemic to Australia.	Lepidozamia	genus
taxon rank	Indosaurus (meaning ``Indian lizard'') is a genus of theropod dinosaur once living in what is now India.	Indosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Muracypraea mus, common name the mouse cowry, is a species of sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Muracypraea mus	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Hydrocina chaetocladia.	Hydrocina	species
taxon rank	Wangosaurus is an extinct genus of basal pistosauroid known from the Middle Triassic (late Ladinian stage) Falang Formation of Xingyi in Guizhou Province, southwestern China.	Wangosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Percina roanoka (common name Roanoke darter) is a species of darter native to Virginia, West Virginia and North Carolina in the United States.	Percina roanoka	species
taxon rank	Awaous acritosus, the Roman nose goby, is a species of goby that is native to fresh water rivers and streams of Queensland, Australia and the Laloki River drainage of New Guinea.	Awaous acritosus	species
taxon rank	Hispaniachelys is an extinct genus of paracryptodire or basal testudines turtle known from southern Spain.	Hispaniachelys	genus
taxon rank	Tillandsia geissei is a plant species in the genus Tillandsia.	Tillandsia geissei	species
taxon rank	The Ogilvie Mountains collared lemming (Dicrostonyx nunatakensis) is a species of rodents in the family Cricetidae.	Ogilvie Mountains collared lemming	species
taxon rank	Conus sandwichensis, common name the Hawaiian cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.	Conus sandwichensis	species
taxon rank	Atomiscala islandica is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tofanellidae, the pyrams and their allies.	Atomiscala islandica	species
taxon rank	Trichodes alvearius is a species of Soldier or Checkered beetle belonging to the family Cleridae, subfamily Clerinae.	Trichodes alvearius	species
taxon rank	Hylotelephium is a genus of family Crassulaceae.	Hylotelephium	genus
taxon rank	The Autostichinae are a subfamily of moths in the superfamily Gelechioidea.	Autostichinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Pyrgina umbilicata is a species of small, tropical, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Subulinidae, the ``awl snails''.	Pyrgina umbilicata	species
taxon rank	Homalium longifolium (locally known as petaling gajah) is a species of plant in the Salicaceae family.	Homalium longifolium	species
taxon rank	Lutzomyia is a genus of phlebotomine sand flies consisting of nearly 400 species, at least 33 of which have medical importance as vectors of human disease.	Lutzomyia	genus
taxon rank	Coreopsis auriculata (lobed tickseed or mouse-ear tickseed) is a North American plant species of the sunflower family.	Coreopsis auriculata	species
taxon rank	Gobiodon histrio, the Broad-barred goby, is a species of goby native to the Indian Ocean from the Red sea to the western Pacific Ocean to southern Japan, Samoa and the Great Barrier Reef.	Gobiodon histrio	species
taxon rank	Diplodocinae is an extinct subfamily of diplodocid sauropods that existed from the Late Jurassic to Early Cretaceous of North America, Europe and South America, about 155 to 136.4 million years ago.	Diplodocinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Halichoeres maculipinna (common name clown wrasse) is a species of tropical fish that lives throughout the Caribbean Sea and adjacent parts of the western Atlantic Ocean.	Halichoeres maculipinna	species
taxon rank	Aspasia silvana is a species of orchid, exclusively and endemic in the eastern Brazilian Serra do Mar mountains, from Rio de Janeiro to Bahia.	Aspasia silvana	species
taxon rank	Anubias barteri var. glabra is a variety of A. barteri that was first described by N. E. Brown in 1901.	Anubias barteri var. glabra	variety
taxon rank	Cherax holthuisi is a species of crayfish from the Bird's Head Peninsula in New Guinea.	Cherax holthuisi	species
taxon rank	Phyllanthus urinaria, commonly called chamber bitter, gripeweed, shatterstone, stonebreaker or leafflower, is a herb species in the family Phyllanthaceae.	Phyllanthus urinaria	species
taxon rank	Entomophthoromycota is a fungus division.	Entomophthoromycota	division
taxon rank	Palaeoephippiorhynchus is an extinct genus of large stork from the Oligocene and Miocene.	Palaeoephippiorhynchus	genus
taxon rank	Nassarius capensis, common name the Cape dogwhelk, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae, the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.	Nassarius capensis	species
taxon rank	The Ochteridae comprise a small family of insects.	Ochteridae	family
taxon rank	Herpele is a genus of caecilians in the family Herpelidae.	Herpele	genus
taxon rank	Abrocoma is a genus of abrocomid rodents found in the Andes of South America, from southern Peru to central Chile.	Abrocoma	genus
taxon rank	Cryptantha roosiorum is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name bristlecone cryptantha.	Cryptantha roosiorum	species
taxon rank	Groenlandaspis (``Greenland Shield'') is an extinct genus of arthrodire from the Late Devonian.	Groenlandaspis	genus
taxon rank	Lichinomycetes are a class of ascomycete fungi.	Lichinomycetes	class
taxon rank	Ceanothus oliganthus is a species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae known by the common name Hairy ceanothus, or Hairy-leaf Ceanothus.	Ceanothus oliganthus	species
taxon rank	Triplofusus giganteus, previously known as Pleuroploca gigantea, common name the Florida horse conch, is a species of extremely large predatory subtropical and tropical sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Fasciolariidae, the spindle snails, tulip snails and their allies.	Triplofusus giganteus	species
taxon rank	Rhinosolea microlepidota is a species of sole native to the Pacific Ocean from around the Ryukyu Islands.	Rhinosolea microlepidota	species
taxon rank	Crambeidae is a family of marine demosponges.	Crambeidae	family
taxon rank	Omoiosicista is an extinct genus of dipodid rodent which existed in central Nei Mongol, China, during the early Miocene (middle Burdigalian age).	Omoiosicista	genus
taxon rank	Crossoloricaria variegata is a species of armored catfish native to Panama where it is found in the Mamoni, Tuira and Yape River basins and Colombia where it is found in the San Juan and Sinu River basins.	Crossoloricaria variegata	species
taxon rank	Erigeron tener is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name slender fleabane.	Erigeron tener	species
taxon rank	The Polynesian rat, or Pacific rat (Rattus exulans), known to the Māori as kiore, is the third most widespread species of rat in the world behind the brown rat and black rat.	Polynesian rat	species
taxon rank	Liolaemus lorenzmuelleri, commonly known as Lorenz's tree iguana, is a species of lizard in the family Iguanidae.	Liolaemus lorenzmuelleri	species
taxon rank	Laccaria is a genus around 75 species of fungus found in both temperate and tropical regions of the world.	Laccaria	genus
taxon rank	Boehmeria australis is a critically endangered large shrub species in the plant Urticaceae family.	Boehmeria australis	species
taxon rank	Mimulus fremontii is a species of monkeyflower known by the common name Frémont's monkeyflower.	Mimulus fremontii	species
taxon rank	Archegosaurus is a genus of temnospondyl amphibian which lived during the Asselian to Wuchiapingian stages of the Permian, around 299-253 million years ago.	Archegosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Erica multiflora is a species of flowering plant (angiosperms) in the heather family, Ericaceae.	Erica multiflora	species
taxon rank	Jamesoniella is a genus of liverwort in family Jamesoniellaceae.	Jamesoniella	genus
taxon rank	Platylytron amplipenne is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Platylytron.	Platylytron	species
taxon rank	Glaucopsyche, commonly called Blues, is a Nearctic genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae, found mainly in Palearctic Asia.	Glaucopsyche	genus
taxon rank	Australoricus oculatus is a species of Loricifera in the family Nanaloricidae, and the only species in the genus Australoricus.	Australoricus	species
taxon rank	Arius manillensis is a species of marine catfish endemic to the island of Luzon, Philippines.	Arius manillensis	species
taxon rank	Cuspivolva allynsmithi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae, the ovulids, cowry allies or false cowries.	Cuspivolva allynsmithi	species
taxon rank	Eosphargis is an extinct genus of sea turtles from the Eocene of Africa, Europe, and North America.	Eosphargis	genus
taxon rank	Pseudhipparion is an extinct genus of horse endemic to North America during the Miocene.	Pseudhipparion	genus
taxon rank	Suillus brevipes is a species of fungus in the family Suillaceae.	Suillus brevipes	species
taxon rank	Prunus maritima, the beach plum, is a species of plum native to the East Coast of the United States, from Maine south to Maryland.	Prunus maritima	species
taxon rank	Sineleotris is a genus of freshwater sleepers native to eastern Asia, where found in Hainan, Hong Kong, Laos and Vietnam.	Sineleotris	genus
taxon rank	Timorichthys is a genus of viviparous brotulas so far known from the East China Sea and the Timor Sea.	Timorichthys	genus
taxon rank	Nyctosauridae (meaning ``night lizards'' or ``bat lizards'') is a family of specialized soaring pterosaurs of the late Cretaceous Period of North America and, possibly, Europe.	Nyctosauridae	family
taxon rank	Prunus tenella Batsch, dwarf Russian almond, is a species of deciduous shrubs in the genus Prunus, native to steppes of Eastern Europe and Western Siberia, as well as dry open sites of Caucasus, Western and Central Asia.	Prunus tenella	species
taxon rank	Hydrophilus acuminatus, common name Dark Diving Beetle, is a species of water scavenger beetles belonging to the Hydrophilidae family.	Hydrophilus acuminatus	species
taxon rank	Caecilia antioquiaensis (common name: Antioquia caecilian) is a species of amphibian in the Caeciliidae family.	Caecilia antioquiaensis	species
taxon rank	Pelasgus stymphalicus is a threatened species of small freshwater fish.	Pelasgus stymphalicus	species
taxon rank	The crocodile icefish or white-blooded fish (Channichthyidae) comprise a family of notothenioid fishes found in the cold waters around Antarctica and southern South America.	Channichthyidae	family
taxon rank	Cladium californicum is a species of flowering plant in the sedge family known by the common name California sawgrass.	Cladium californicum	species
taxon rank	Penicillium calidicanium is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from soil in Taiwan.	Penicillium calidicanium	species
taxon rank	Enoploceras is a Tainoceratid genus, a nautiloid cephalopod in the order Nautilida, known from Triassic sediments in Europe, India, Timor, and the state of Idaho.	Enoploceras	genus
taxon rank	Liarea hochstetteri hochstetteri is a subspecies of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Pupinidae.	Liarea hochstetteri hochstetteri	subspecies
taxon rank	Opsilia varentzovi is a species of beetle from a Cerambycidae family that can be found in Caucassus, Iran, and South Caucasus.	Opsilia varentzovi	species
taxon rank	Megaoryzomys curioi, also known as the Galápagos Giant Rat, is an extinct species of sigmodontine rodent, known only from Santa Cruz Island in the Galápagos Islands.	Megaoryzomys	species
taxon rank	Priamosia was formerly a genus of flowering plants in the Flacourtiaceae, consisting of one species of shrubs, Priamosia domingensis, which is native to the Dominican Republic and Haiti.	Priamosia	genus
taxon rank	Calochortus nudus is a North American species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common name naked mariposa lily.	Calochortus nudus	species
taxon rank	Macropoma (from Greek μακρός ``large'' + πόμα ``cover'', after its large operculum) is an extinct genus of coelacanth in the class Sarcopterygii.	Macropoma	genus
taxon rank	Bulinus barthi is a species of small tropical freshwater snail with a sinistral shell, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ramshorn snails and their allies.	Bulinus barthi	species
taxon rank	As the sporangia of Tortilicaulis are branched, cladistic analysis suggests that the genus may instead belong to the Horneophytopsida, a class of the polysporangiophytes, which unlike bryophytes, have branched stems bearing sporangia.	Tortilicaulis	genus
taxon rank	Trillium nivale is smaller than many of the other species in the genus, seldom reaching a height of more than 9 cm (3.5 in).	Trillium nivale	species
taxon rank	Harttia merevari is a species of armored catfish of the family endemic to Venezuela where it is found in the upper Caura River.	Harttia merevari	species
taxon rank	Keckiella rothrockii is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name Rothrock's keckiella.	Keckiella rothrockii	species
taxon rank	It consists of only one species, Xapamopa oxapampa, which is found in Peru.	Xapamopa	species
taxon rank	Enchelurus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the Cenomanian to Campanian.	Enchelurus	genus
taxon rank	Conus gauguini, common name Gauguin's cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus gauguini	species
taxon rank	Hymenodora glacialis is a species of pelagic shrimp in the Acanthephyridae family.	Hymenodora glacialis	species
taxon rank	Phacelia californica is a species of phacelia known by the common names California phacelia and California scorpionweed.	Phacelia californica	species
taxon rank	Nemaglossa brevis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Nemaglossa.	Nemaglossa	species
taxon rank	Gobiocypris rarus is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to China where it is only found near Jiuxiang in Sichuan province.	Gobiocypris rarus	species
taxon rank	Carabus huangi is a species of black-coloured beetle from Carabidae family, that is endemic to Sichuan, China.	Carabus huangi	species
taxon rank	Palaeospheniscus patagonicus is the type species of the penguin genus Palaeospheniscus, which is known from fossils.	Palaeospheniscus patagonicus	species
taxon rank	Lycosa narbonensis is a species of spiders in the family Lycosidae.	Lycosa narbonensis	species
taxon rank	Gymnophryxe claripennis is a Nearctic species of tachinid flies in the genus Gymnophryxe of the family Tachinidae.	Gymnophryxe claripennis	species
taxon rank	The Eucerini (often called long-horned bees) is the most diverse tribe in the family Apidae, with over 32 genera worldwide that were previously classified as members of the family Anthophoridae.	Eucerini	tribe
taxon rank	Skiffia is a genus of goodeid fish that contains four species, endemic to the Mesa Central area of Mexico.	Skiffia	genus
taxon rank	Calliactis polypus is a species of sea anemone in the family Hormathiidae.	Calliactis polypus	species
taxon rank	Metrodira subulata is a species of starfish in the family Echinasteridae.	Metrodira subulata	species
taxon rank	Euchilichthys astatodon is a species of upside-down catfish native to Angola and the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it occurs in the Kasai River drainage.	Euchilichthys astatodon	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces durmitorensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from the Durmitor National Park in Serbia and Montenegro.	Streptomyces durmitorensis	species
taxon rank	Mitracarpus polycladus is a rare species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common name cana gorda girdlepod.	Mitracarpus polycladus	species
taxon rank	Thysanocarpus laciniatus is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name mountain fringepod.	Thysanocarpus laciniatus	species
taxon rank	Cortinarius callisteus is a species of agaric fungus in the family Cortinariaceae.	Cortinarius callisteus	species
taxon rank	Flindersicthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Albian stage of the Early Cretaceous epoch.	Flindersicthys	genus
taxon rank	Protographium agesilaus neosilaus, the Short-lined Kite Swallowtail, is a subspecies of butterfly of the family Papilionidae.	Protographium agesilaus neosilaus	subspecies
taxon rank	Polycentrus schomburgkii, also known as the Guyana leaffish is a species of fish belonging to the Polycentridae family.	Polycentrus schomburgkii	species
taxon rank	Phidippus richmani is a species of jumping spider (Salticidae) native to the United States.	Phidippus richmani	species
taxon rank	Phyllomedusa venusta is a species of frog in the Hylidae family, found in Colombia and Panama.	Phyllomedusa venusta	species
taxon rank	Sparassis crispa is a species of fungus in the genus Sparassis.	Sparassis crispa	species
taxon rank	Mahonia taronensis is a shrub in the Berberidaceae described as a species in 1923.	Mahonia taronensis	species
taxon rank	Wellnhoferia is a genus of early prehistoric bird closely related to Archaeopteryx.	Wellnhoferia	genus
taxon rank	Quercus diversifolia is an uncommon North American species of oak native to Mexico.	Quercus diversifolia	species
taxon rank	Polyrhachis lucidula is a species of ant in the subfamily Formicinae, found in Cambodia, Myanmar, and China.	Polyrhachis lucidula	species
taxon rank	Rhodocyclus purpureus is a species of bacteria.	Rhodocyclus purpureus	species
taxon rank	Artemisia frigida is a widespread species of flowering plant in the aster family, which is known as the sunflower family.	Artemisia frigida	species
taxon rank	Sagartia elegans is a species of sea anemone in the family Sagartiidae.	Sagartia elegans	species
taxon rank	Urosticte is a genus of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family, which is restricted to humid forests growing on Andean slopes in north-western South America.	Urosticte	genus
taxon rank	The Oxalidaceae, or wood sorrel family, are a small family of eight genera of herbaceous plants, shrubs and small trees, with the great majority of the 900 species in the genus Oxalis (wood sorrels).	Oxalidaceae	family
taxon rank	Tealliocaris is an extinct genus of pygocephalomorphan from the Carboniferous.	Tealliocaris	genus
taxon rank	Angadenia is a genus of plant in family Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1878.	Angadenia	genus
taxon rank	Xinghaiornis is an extinct genus of toothless basal ornithothoracine dinosaur known from the Early Cretaceous Yixian Formation (Aptian stage) of western Liaoning Province, northeastern China.	Xinghaiornis	genus
taxon rank	The Ascocorticiaceae are a family of fungi in the Ascomycota, class Leotiomycetes.	Ascocorticiaceae	family
taxon rank	Helioceratops is a genus of neoceratopsian dinosaur from the Middle Cretaceous of China.	Helioceratops	genus
taxon rank	Tassiliodus is an extinct genus of euselachian chondrichthyan known from the Early Devonian of southern Algeria.	Tassiliodus	genus
taxon rank	Causus bilineatus is a venomous viper species endemic to south central Africa.	Causus bilineatus	species
taxon rank	Galium virgatum, common name southwestern bedstraw, is a North American species of plants in the Rubiaceae.	Galium virgatum	species
taxon rank	Crataegus punctata is a species of hawthorn known by the common names dotted hawthorn or white haw that is native to most of the eastern U.S. and eastern Canada.	Crataegus punctata	species
taxon rank	Pteris lydgatei is a rare fern species in the Pteridoideae subfamily of the Pteridaceae.	Pteris lydgatei	species
taxon rank	Andinobates altobueyensis (synonyms ) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.	Andinobates altobueyensis	species
taxon rank	Niesslia is a genus of fungi within the Niessliaceae family.	Niesslia	genus
taxon rank	Drymophila is a bird genus in the antbird family (Thamnophilidae).	Drymophila	genus
taxon rank	Clematis paniculata (In Māori: Puawhananga) is one of seven species of clematis that is native to New Zealand.	Clematis paniculata	species
taxon rank	Uca perplexa is a species of fiddler crab.	Uca perplexa	species
taxon rank	Amalocalyx is a genus of plant in family Apocynaceae consisting of lianas often found clinging to trees.	Amalocalyx	genus
taxon rank	Durvillaea antarctica, commonly known as cochayuyo, is a large, robust bull kelp species and the dominant seaweed in southern New Zealand and Chile.	Durvillaea antarctica	species
taxon rank	Dupontia poweri is a species of small air-breathing land snail, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Euconulidae, the hive snails.	Dupontia poweri	species
taxon rank	Victaphanta compacta, common name the Otway black snail, is a species of carnivorous air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Rhytididae.	Victaphanta compacta	species
taxon rank	Memecylon myrtiforne is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family.	Memecylon myrtiforne	species
taxon rank	Hyloxalus maculosus (spotted rocket frog) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.	Hyloxalus maculosus	species
taxon rank	Arion vejdorskyi or Arion vejdowskyi is a taxon with unclear taxonomic position and probably a synonym for other species.	Arion vejdorskyi	species
taxon rank	The Sula megapode or Sula scrubfowl (Megapodius bernsteinii) is a species of bird in the Megapodiidae family.	Sula megapode	species
taxon rank	Boletellus emodensis, commonly known as the shaggy cap, is a species of fungus in the family Boletaceae.	Boletellus emodensis	species
taxon rank	Chlidonoptera lestoni is a species of praying mantis in the genus Chlidonoptera in the order Mantodea.	Chlidonoptera lestoni	species
taxon rank	Claytonia palustris is a species of wildflower in the purslane family known by the common names Jonesville springbeauty and marsh claytonia.	Claytonia palustris	species
taxon rank	Gautieria monticola is a species of hypogeal fungus in the family Gomphaceae.	Gautieria monticola	species
taxon rank	Gallicolumba is a mid-sized genus of ground-dwelling doves (family Columbidae) which occur in rainforests on the Philippines, Indonesia, and in the Pacific region.	Gallicolumba	genus
taxon rank	Bradinopyga geminata is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae known commonly as the granite ghost.	Bradinopyga geminata	species
taxon rank	Silene coronaria is a species of flowering plant in the carnation family Caryophyllaceae, native to Asia and Europe.	Silene coronaria	species
taxon rank	Alloporus is a genus of giant millipedes that live in deserts.	Alloporus	genus
taxon rank	Wikstroemia johnplewsii, common name Hiva Oa Ohelo, is a plant species endemic to the island of Hiva Oa in the Marquesas Islands, French Polynesia.	Wikstroemia johnplewsii	species
taxon rank	Mimulus leptaleus is a species of monkeyflower known by the common name slender monkeyflower.	Mimulus leptaleus	species
taxon rank	Pittosporum patulum, referred to as pitpat particularly botanists, is a species of plant in the Pittosporaceae family endemic to the South Island of New Zealand.	Pittosporum patulum	species
taxon rank	Discolocrinus thieli is a species of sea lily, a crinoid in the family Bathycrinidae.	Discolocrinus thieli	species
taxon rank	Serissa is a genus of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae, containing only one species, Serissa japonica.	Serissa	species
taxon rank	Heteractis aurora, also known as the beaded sea anemone, aurora host anemone, sand anemone, carpet anemone, flat anemone, corn anemone, ritteri anemone, saddle tip anemone, adhesive sea anemone, and the white beaded anemone, is a species of sea anemone in the family Stichodactylidae.	Heteractis aurora	species
taxon rank	Corythucha tuthilli is a little-known species of lace bug Tingidae native to Colorado and Arizona.	Corythucha tuthilli	species
taxon rank	Orthetrum azureum is a freshwater dragonfly species, occurring on Madagascar.	Orthetrum azureum	species
taxon rank	Eltroplectris the Long-claw Orchid, is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae.	Eltroplectris	genus
taxon rank	The Jalapan pine vole (Microtus quasiater) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Jalapan pine vole	species
taxon rank	Agrobacterium tumefaciens (updated scientific name Rhizobium radiobacter, synonym Agrobacterium radiobacter) is the causal agent of crown gall disease (the formation of tumours) in over 140 species of eudicots.	Agrobacterium tumefaciens	species
taxon rank	Allograpta obliqua is a common North American species of hoverfly.	Allograpta obliqua	species
taxon rank	Percrocuta is an extinct genus of hyena-like feliform carnivores.	Percrocuta	genus
taxon rank	Mycena aurantiomarginata, commonly known as the golden-edge bonnet, is a species of agaric fungus in the family Mycenaceae.	Mycena aurantiomarginata	species
taxon rank	Hoplocorypha perplexa is a species of praying mantis found in Angola, Namibia, Tanzania, Zimbabwe and the Congo River area.	Hoplocorypha perplexa	species
taxon rank	Gardenia gordonii is a species of plant in the Rubiaceae family endemic to Fiji.	Gardenia gordonii	species
taxon rank	Phenacocoelus is an extinct genus of oreodont of the family Merycoidodontidae, subfamily Merycoidodontinae, endemic to North America during the Late Oligocene-Early Miocene subepochs (24.8--20.6 mya), existing for approximately 4.2 million years.	Phenacocoelus	genus
taxon rank	Rubus segnis is an uncommon North American species of flowering plant in the rose family.	Rubus segnis	species
taxon rank	Anthracosauria is an order of extinct reptile-like amphibians that flourished during the Carboniferous and early Permian periods, although precisely which species are included depends on one's definition of the taxon.	Anthracosauria	order
taxon rank	Taeniolethrinops laticeps is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it occurs over sandy substrates.	Taeniolethrinops laticeps	species
taxon rank	Arundinella is a widespread genus of plants in the grass family, common in many tropical and subtropical regions.	Arundinella	genus
taxon rank	Crepis intermedia is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family known by the common name limestone hawksbeard.	Crepis intermedia	species
taxon rank	Wentletraps are small, often white, very high-spired, predatory or ectoparasitic sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Epitoniidae.	Wentletrap	family
taxon rank	Datnioides is a genus of fish known commonly as the freshwater tripletails.	Datnioides	genus
taxon rank	Streptocaulon is a genus of plants in the Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1834.	Streptocaulon	genus
taxon rank	Proischnura polychromatica, the mauve bluet, is a small species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae.	Proischnura polychromatica	species
taxon rank	Haustrum haustorium, common name: the brown or dark rock shell, is a large species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Haustrum haustorium	species
taxon rank	Acromyrmex pubescens is a species of New World ants of the subfamily Myrmicinae of the genus Acromyrmex.	Acromyrmex pubescens	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Atsusina curiosissima, which is found in Vietnam.	Atsusina	species
taxon rank	Siphonaria zelandica is a species of medium-sized air-breathing sea snail or false limpet, a marine pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Siphonariidae, the false limpets.	Siphonaria zelandica	species
taxon rank	Dugesia notogaea is a species of dugesiid triclad that inhabits freshwater bodies of north Queensland, Australia.	Dugesia notogaea	species
taxon rank	Hyalophysa clampi is a species of freshwater protist known as an apostome ciliate.	Hyalophysa clampi	species
taxon rank	Helanthium tenellum is species of plants in the Alismataceae.	Helanthium tenellum	species
taxon rank	Quercus serrata (Chinese: 枹栎; pinyin: bāolì) is an East Asian species of tree in the beech family.	Quercus serrata	species
taxon rank	Zelkova serrata (Japanese zelkova, Japanese elm or keyaki; Japanese: 欅 (ケヤキ) keyaki /槻 (ツキ) tsuki; Chinese: 榉树/櫸樹 jǔshù; Korean: 느티나무 neutinamu) is a species of flowering plant native to Japan, Korea, eastern China and Taiwan.	Zelkova serrata	species
taxon rank	Aegilops columnaris (syn. Triticum columnare (Zhuk.) Morris & Sears, comb. nov.) is a species in the Poaceae family.	Aegilops columnaris	species
taxon rank	Moraea bituminosa is a species of the genus Moraea in family Iridaceae.	Moraea bituminosa	species
taxon rank	Xyletinus longitarsis is a species of beetles in the genus Xyletinus of the family Anobiidae.	Xyletinus longitarsis	species
taxon rank	Blastocystis is a genus of single-celled protozoan parasites belonging to a group of organisms known as the Stramenopiles (also called Heterokonts) that includes algae, diatoms, and water molds.	Blastocystis	genus
taxon rank	Parakuhlia macrophthalmus, the dara, is a species of grunt native to the Atlantic coast of Africa from Senegal to Angola.	Parakuhlia macrophthalmus	species
taxon rank	Scolymus (golden thistle or oyster thistle) is a genus of plants in the dandelion tribe within the daisy family, native to the Mediterranean region and western Europe north to northwestern France.	Scolymus	genus
taxon rank	Cyanolyca is a genus of small jays found in humid highland forests in southern Mexico, Central America and the Andes in South America.	Cyanolyca	genus
taxon rank	The Cucurbitaceae, also called cucurbits and the gourd family, are a plant family consisting of around a hundred genera, the most important of which are:	Cucurbitaceae	family
taxon rank	Hyalobagrus flavus is a species of bagrid catfish endemic to Indonesia where it is known only from the Batang Hari drainage in Sumatra and the Mentaya River basin in southern Borneo where it inhabits brown water habitats that are closely associated with blackwater peat swamps.	Hyalobagrus flavus	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Oiophassus nycterus, which was described from Shanwang Bed sw2 in the Linchu district, Shantung province in China, which is part of an Astaracian lacustrine sandstone/mudstone in the Shanwang Formation.	Oiophassus	species
taxon rank	Penicillium albidum is an anamorph fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from volcanic soils in the south of Chile.	Penicillium albidum	species
taxon rank	Decliniidae is a family of beetles in the large suborder Polyphaga.	Decliniidae	family
taxon rank	Anisopeplus perplexa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Anisopeplus.	Anisopeplus perplexa	species
taxon rank	Papilio wilsoni belongs to a clade called the nireus species-group with 13 members.	Papilio wilsoni	species
taxon rank	Cyperus eragrostis is a species of sedge known by several common names, including tall flatsedge, nutgrass, tall nutgrass, umbrella sedge, chufa, Earth almond, zula nuts, edible galingale and pale galingale.	Cyperus eragrostis	species
taxon rank	†Partula umbilicata was a species of air-breathing tropical land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae.	Partula umbilicata	species
taxon rank	The daggertooths (genus Anotopterus) are a genus of aulopiform fish, the sole genus of the family Anotopteridae.	Anotopterus	genus
taxon rank	Unio turtoni is a species of medium-sized freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.	Unio turtoni	species
taxon rank	Haworthia cymbiformis is a species of the genus Haworthia in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae, endemic to the Eastern Cape Province in South Africa.	Haworthia cymbiformis	species
taxon rank	Amietia vandijki (Van Dijk's river frog) is a species of frog in the Pyxicephalidae family.	Amietia vandijki	species
taxon rank	Platyoides grandidieri is a spider species in the genus Platyoides found in Kenya, Madagascar, Aldabra and Réunion.	Platyoides grandidieri	species
taxon rank	Otteissa sericea is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Otteissa.	Otteissa sericea	species
taxon rank	Allium flavescens is a Eurasian species of wild onion native to Bulgaria, Romania, Ukraine, European Russia, Western Siberia, Altay Krai, and Kazakhstan.	Allium flavescens	species
taxon rank	Scelophysa trimeni, commonly known as the blue monkey beetle, is a species of scarab beetles in the monkey beetle subfamily Rutelinae.	Scelophysa trimeni	species
taxon rank	Ophthalmotilapia is a small genus of four cichlid species endemic to Lake Tanganyika in east Africa.	Ophthalmotilapia	genus
taxon rank	Erigeron miser is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names starved daisy or starved fleabane.	Erigeron miser	species
taxon rank	The Delicate Dendrobium or Leopard Orchid (Dendrobium gracilicaule) is a species of orchid.	Dendrobium gracilicaule	species
taxon rank	Alopecosa is a spider genus in the family Lycosidae (wolf spiders), with about 140 species and several subspecies.	Alopecosa	genus
taxon rank	Callicarpa pedunculata is species of beautyberry native to Australia.	Callicarpa pedunculata	species
taxon rank	Apis mellifera iberiensis, or the Spanish bee (commonly misspelled as iberica), is a Western honey bee subspecies native to the Iberian Peninsula.	Apis mellifera iberiensis	subspecies
taxon rank	It consists of only one species, Atrocenta centrata, which is found in Ecuador (Tungurahua Province).	Atrocenta	species
taxon rank	Trichomesosa bifasciata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Trichomesosa.	Trichomesosa bifasciata	species
taxon rank	Hemibagrus filamentus is a species of catfish endemic to Cambodia, Laos and Thailand, known only from Mekong River.	Hemibagrus filamentus	species
taxon rank	Hylarana hekouensis (common name: Hekou frog) is a species of true frog in the genus Hylarana.	Hylarana hekouensis	species
taxon rank	Otostylis is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae, native to South America and Trinidad.	Otostylis	genus
taxon rank	Actinodaphne quinqueflora (previously Litsea quinqueflora) is a species of plant in the Lauraceae family.	Actinodaphne quinqueflora	species
taxon rank	Amanita roseotincta is a species of agaric fungus in the family Amanitaceae found in North America.	Amanita roseotincta	species
taxon rank	Carminatia is a genus of annual plants in the daisy family.	Carminatia	genus
taxon rank	Helicarion rubicundus is a species of air-breathing land snail or semi-slug, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Helicarionidae.	Helicarion rubicundus	species
taxon rank	Horkeliella is a small genus of two species of flowering plants in the rose family known as false horkelias.	Horkeliella	genus
taxon rank	Economidichthys is a genus of freshwater gobies endemic to Greece.	Economidichthys	genus
taxon rank	Maoricolpus finlayi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Turritellidae.	Maoricolpus finlayi	species
taxon rank	Synodontis macropunctatus is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to Angola where it occurs in the Uamba River and in tributaries of the Luachimo River.	Synodontis macropunctatus	species
taxon rank	Luciogobius pallidus is a species of goby endemic to Japan where it is found in fresh, brackish and marine underground waters near the coasts.	Luciogobius pallidus	species
taxon rank	Recchia simplicifolia is a species of plant in the family Surianaceae, endemic to Mexico.	Recchia simplicifolia	species
taxon rank	Haliplus variegatus is a Palearctic species of water beetle in the Haliplidae family.	Haliplus variegatus	species
taxon rank	Yunkeracarus faini is a species of mite belonging to the family Gastronyssidae.	Yunkeracarus faini	species
taxon rank	Sierra Nevada bighorn sheep (Ovis canadensis sierrae) is a genetically distinct subspecies of bighorn sheep unique to the Sierra Nevada mountains of California.	Sierra Nevada bighorn sheep	subspecies
taxon rank	Panicum hirticaule is a species of grass known by the common names Mexican panicgrass and roughstalked witchgrass.	Panicum hirticaule	species
taxon rank	The San Marcos salamander (Eurycea nana) is a small species of aquatic, lungless salamander native to the United States, endemic to Spring Lake and a small region of the headwaters of the San Marcos River near Aquarena Springs, in Hays County, Texas.	San Marcos salamander	species
taxon rank	Caprichthys gymnura, also known as the Rigid boxfish, is a species of deepwater boxfish native to the waters of the continental shelf off the western and southern coasts of Australia.	Caprichthys gymnura	species
taxon rank	Chapareia pinima is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Chapareia.	Chapareia pinima	species
taxon rank	Rhizobium loessense is a root nodule bacteria, first isolated from nodules of Astragalus and Lespedeza species.	Rhizobium loessense	species
taxon rank	Phellinus sulphurascens is the Douglas-fir species of the fungus genus, Phellinus.	Phellinus sulphurascens	species
taxon rank	Ischnodemus variegatus is a species of insect in the order of true bugs known by the common name myakka bug.	Ischnodemus variegatus	species
taxon rank	Spinipterus acsi is a species of driftwood catfish known only from the Amazon River basin in Peru.	Spinipterus acsi	species
taxon rank	The Turkmenian kulan or Transcaspian wild ass (Equus hemionus kulan), also called simply the kulan, is a subspecies of onager (Asiatic wild ass) native to Central Asia.	Turkmenian kulan	subspecies
taxon rank	Kaokoxylon is an extinct Gondwanan genus of gymnosperm from the Permian and Triassic.	Kaokoxylon	genus
taxon rank	Melica paulsenii is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that is endemic to Chile where it grows along the coastal cordillera at the elevation of 50--700 metres (160--2,300 ft).	Melica paulsenii	species
taxon rank	Macrophycis ambrella is a species of snout moth in the genus Macrophycis.	Macrophycis ambrella	species
taxon rank	Entomophthora is a fungal genus in the family Entomophthoraceae.	Entomophthora	genus
taxon rank	Monosporascus eutypoides is a species of fungus in the order Sordariales.	Monosporascus eutypoides	species
taxon rank	The Andean vesper mouse (Calomys lepidus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Andean vesper mouse	species
taxon rank	Tridacna noae is a species of saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusk, a giant clam in the genus Tridacnidae.	Tridacna noae	species
taxon rank	Phellodon tomentosus, commonly known as the zoned cork hydnum, is a species of tooth fungus in the family Bankeraceae.	Phellodon tomentosus	species
taxon rank	Plawenia a genus of cavibelonian solenogasters, shell-less, worm-like, marine mollusks.	Plawenia	genus
taxon rank	Phycis phycis, the Forkbeard, is a species of phycid hakes in the family Phycidae.	Phycis phycis	species
taxon rank	Drosera solaris is a species of sundew native to the highlands of Guyana.	Drosera solaris	species
taxon rank	Bulinus truncatus is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail with a sinistral shell, an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails.	Bulinus truncatus	species
taxon rank	Trimezia fosteriana is a species of bulbous plant in the family Iridaceae.	Trimezia fosteriana	species
taxon rank	The Gempylidae are a family of perciform fishes, commonly known as snake mackerels or escolars.	Gempylidae	family
taxon rank	Anonychomyrma fornicata is a species of ant in the genus Anonychomyrma.	Anonychomyrma fornicata	species
taxon rank	Miopelecanus is a fossil genus of pelicans, with the species M. gracilis, dating from the Early Miocene.	Miopelecanus	genus
taxon rank	Zabrus poggii is a species of ground beetle in the Pterostichinae subfamily that is endemic to Syria.	Zabrus poggii	species
taxon rank	Microcobitis misgurnoides is a species of loach endemic to Vietnam.	Microcobitis misgurnoides	species
taxon rank	Phenacobius catostomus, commonly known as the riffle minnow, is a North American species of cyprinid freshwater fish.	Phenacobius catostomus	species
taxon rank	Banksia oblongifolia, commonly known as the fern-leaved, dwarf banksia or rusty banksia, is a species in the plant genus Banksia.	Banksia oblongifolia	species
taxon rank	Arachnoides tenuis is a species of sea urchin of the family Clypeasteridae.	Arachnoides tenuis	species
taxon rank	Chorisops tibialis, the dull four-spined legionnaire, is a European species of soldier fly.	Chorisops tibialis	species
taxon rank	Daphnia nivalis is a species of water flea in the family Daphniidae, closely related to Daphnia carinata.	Daphnia nivalis	species
taxon rank	Oligoryzomys longicaudatus, also known as the long-tailed colilargo or long-tailed pygmy rice rat, is a species of rodent in the genus Oligoryzomys of the family Cricetidae.	Oligoryzomys longicaudatus	species
taxon rank	Iracema caiana is a species of sand knifefish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Jauaperi River basin.	Iracema caiana	species
taxon rank	Leucocoprinus birnbaumii is a species of gilled mushroom in the family Agaricaceae.	Leucocoprinus birnbaumii	species
taxon rank	Earina aestivalis is a species of orchid that is endemic to the North Island of New Zealand.	Earina aestivalis	species
taxon rank	Penicillium guanacastense is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from caterpillars from Costa Rica.	Penicillium guanacastense	species
taxon rank	Megacephala epipleuralis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Horn in 1923.	Megacephala epipleuralis	species
taxon rank	Mahonia subimbricata is a shrub in the Berberidaceae described as a species in 1948.	Mahonia subimbricata	species
taxon rank	Malacoctenus gilli, the Dusky blenny, is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Atlantic Ocean including the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean Sea from the Bahamas to the north coast of South America.	Malacoctenus gilli	species
taxon rank	Machaerium villosum, the Jacarandá-do-Cerrado, Jacarandá-Pardo, Jacarandá-Paulista, or Jacarandá-Pedra, is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.	Machaerium villosum	species
taxon rank	Macropanax dispermus is a species of plant of family Araliaceae.	Macropanax dispermus	species
taxon rank	Energosuchus (meaning ``active crocodile'' in Greek) is an extinct genus of rauisuchian.	Energosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Mahidolia mystacina (the flagfin prawn goby, flagfin shrimpgoby or smiling goby) is a species of goby native to the Indian Ocean and the Pacific Ocean from Delagoa Bay, Mozambique to the Society Islands and from southern Japan to Samoa and northern Australia.	Mahidolia mystacina	species
taxon rank	Mimulus evanescens is a rare species of monkeyflower known by the common name disappearing monkeyflower.	Mimulus evanescens	species
taxon rank	Solidago ouachitensis is a North American species of flowering plants in the aster family known by the common name Ouachita Mountain goldenrod.	Solidago ouachitensis	species
taxon rank	Hintonia latiflora is a plant species in the genus Hintonia.	Hintonia latiflora	species
taxon rank	Wenupteryx is an extinct genus of pterodactyloid pterosaur known from the Late Jurassic (Tithonian stage) Vaca Muerta Formation of Neuquén Province, southern Argentina.	Wenupteryx	genus
taxon rank	Haworthia pungens is a species of flowering succulent plant from the Eastern Cape Province, South Africa.	Haworthia pungens	species
taxon rank	Graphopsocus cruciatus is a species of Psocoptera from Stenopsocidae family.	Graphopsocus cruciatus	species
taxon rank	Carabus stscheglowi is a species of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that can be found in Russia and Ukraine.	Carabus stscheglowi	species
taxon rank	Trematosauridae are a family of large temnospondyl amphibians with many members.	Trematosauridae	family
taxon rank	Indirana phrynoderma is a species of frog found in the Anaimalai Hills, a part of the Western Ghats of India.	Indirana phrynoderma	species
taxon rank	Dorudon (``Spear-Tooth'') is a genus of extinct basilosaurid ancient whales that lived alongside Basilosaurus 40.4 to 33.9 million years ago, in the Eocene.	Dorudon	genus
taxon rank	Ancylonotus tribulus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Ancylonotus.	Ancylonotus tribulus	species
taxon rank	Conoidea is a superfamily of predatory sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks within the suborder Hypsogastropoda.	Conoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Owen introduced the genus Megalania to accommodate the species Megalania prisca.	Megalania	species
taxon rank	Alitta succinea (known as the pile worm or clam worm) is a species of marine annelid in the family Nereididae (commonly known as ragworms or sandworms).	Alitta succinea	species
taxon rank	Minyobates steyermarki (formerly Dendrobates steyermarki) is a species of frog in the family Dendrobatidae endemic to Cerro Yapacana in southern Venezuela.	Minyobates steyermarki	species
taxon rank	Fire ant is the common name for several species of ants in the genus Solenopsis.	Fire ant	genus
taxon rank	Etielloides sejunctella is a species of snout moth in the genus Etielloides.	Etielloides sejunctella	species
taxon rank	The Delmarva fox squirrel (Sciurus niger cinereus) is no longer an endangered subspecies of the fox squirrel.	Delmarva fox squirrel	subspecies
taxon rank	Calochortus pulchellus is a rare species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common name Mt.	Calochortus pulchellus	species
taxon rank	Arctostaphylos stanfordiana, with the common name Stanford's manzanita, is a species of manzanita that is endemic to northern California.	Arctostaphylos stanfordiana	species
taxon rank	Antennaria lanata is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name woolly pussytoes.	Antennaria lanata	species
taxon rank	Labidochromis ianthinus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known to occur around the Mbenji Islands.	Labidochromis ianthinus	species
taxon rank	Procambarus erythrops, the Santa Fe cave crayfish, is a species of crayfish in the family Cambaridae.	Procambarus erythrops	species
taxon rank	Dapidodigma is a butterfly genus in the family Lycaenidae.The two species are found in the Afrotropic ecozone.	Dapidodigma	genus
taxon rank	Dacodraco hunteri is a species of crocodile icefish native to the Southern Ocean at depths of from 300 to 800 metres (980 to 2,620 ft).	Dacodraco hunteri	species
taxon rank	Syringodea is a genus of flowering plants in the family Iridaceae, first described as a genus in 1873.	Syringodea	genus
taxon rank	Leptotyphlops diaplocius, or the Common Peru blind snake, is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.	Leptotyphlops diaplocius	species
taxon rank	Mimulus congdonii is a species of monkeyflower known by the common name Congdon's monkeyflower.	Mimulus congdonii	species
taxon rank	Drosera gigantea, the giant sundew, is an erect perennial tuberous species in the carnivorous plant genus Drosera that is endemic to Western Australia.	Drosera gigantea	species
taxon rank	Arabidopsis arenicola, common name Arctic rock-cress, is a plant species native to the northeastern part of North America.	Arabidopsis arenicola	species
taxon rank	Maoricrypta monoxyla is a species of small sea snail or slipper snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Calyptraeidae.	Maoricrypta monoxyla	species
taxon rank	Bourbonia bifasciata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Bourbonia.	Bourbonia bifasciata	species
taxon rank	Micrasterias furcata is a species of freshwater single-celled desmid.	Micrasterias furcata	species
taxon rank	Dovyalis is a genus of shrubs and small trees.	Dovyalis	genus
taxon rank	Leptonectes is a genus of ichthyosaur that lived in the Late Triassic to Early Jurassic (Rhaetian - Pliensbachian).	Leptonectes	genus
taxon rank	Kitchinganomodon is a genus of dicynodont from Late Permian (Wuchiapingian) of South Africa.	Kitchinganomodon	genus
taxon rank	Conocybe siligineoides, also known as cone caps, Ya'nte, Ta'a'ya, or Tamu, is a species of macro-fungus in the family Bolbitiaceae.	Conocybe siligineoides	species
taxon rank	Malva verticillata, also known as the Chinese mallow or cluster mallow, is a species of the mallow genus Malva in the family of Malvaceae found in East Asia.	Malva verticillata	species
taxon rank	Friginatica conjuncta is a species of small deepwater sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Naticidae.	Friginatica conjuncta	species
taxon rank	Ringiculidae are a family of minute deep water sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the informal group Lower Heterobranchia.	Ringiculidae	family
taxon rank	Zabrus inflatus is a species of ground beetle in the Iberozabrus subgenus that can be found in France and Spain.	Zabrus inflatus	species
taxon rank	Lithospermum bejariense is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name western marbleseed.	Lithospermum bejariense	species
taxon rank	Rhaphipteroides apicalis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Rhaphipteroides.	Rhaphipteroides apicalis	species
taxon rank	Triodanis is a genus of flowering plants within the family Campanulaceae, native to North and South America.	Triodanis	genus
taxon rank	Silene seelyi is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common names Seely's catchfly and Seely's silene.	Silene seelyi	species
taxon rank	Platyglanis depierrei is the only species in the genus Platyglanis of the catfish (order Siluriformes) family Claroteidae.	Platyglanis depierrei	species
taxon rank	Ecsenius pictus, known commonly as the White-lined comb-tooth in Indonesia and the Pictus blenny in Micronesia, is a species of combtooth blenny family Blenniidae.	Ecsenius pictus	species
taxon rank	Myelois circumvoluta, the thistle ermine, is a small moth species of the family Pyralidae.	Myelois circumvoluta	species
taxon rank	Nebria dolicapax is a species of ground beetle from Nebriinae family that is endemic to China.	Nebria dolicapax	species
taxon rank	Physaria bellii is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names Bell's twinpod and Front Range twinpod.	Physaria bellii	species
taxon rank	Heteroponera carinifrons is a species of ant in the genus Heteroponera, endemic to Chile.	Heteroponera carinifrons	species
taxon rank	Tydemania navigatoris, the Fleshy-lipped spikefish, is a species of spikefish native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans where it occurs at depths of from 50 to 607 metres (164 to 1,991 ft).	Tydemania navigatoris	species
taxon rank	Chazara staudingeri is a butterfly species belonging to the family Nymphalidae.	Chazara staudingeri	species
taxon rank	Melica virgata, is a grass species in the Poaceae family that can be found in China, Mongolia and Russia (Siberia).	Melica virgata	species
taxon rank	Heteropoda dagmarae is a large species of spider in the Sparassidae family.	Heteropoda dagmarae	species
taxon rank	Helianthemum scoparium, recently renamed Crocanthemum scoparium, is a species of rockrose which is endemic to California.	Helianthemum scoparium	species
taxon rank	Neoclinus okazakii is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in rocky reefs around Japan, in the northwestern Pacific ocean.	Neoclinus okazakii	species
taxon rank	Atriplex lentiformis (Quail bush, big saltbrush, big saltbush, quailbrush, lenscale, len-scale saltbush and white thistle) is a species of saltbush.	Atriplex lentiformis	species
taxon rank	Chilecebus carrascoensis is an extinct species of New World monkey that lived in what is now Chile during the Early Miocene some 20 million years ago.	Chilecebus	species
taxon rank	Laccosperma is a clustering genus of flowering plant in the palm family found in tropical Africa.	Laccosperma	genus
taxon rank	Juncus bryoides is a species of rush known by the common names moss rush and mosslike dwarf rush.	Juncus bryoides	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces beijiangensis is a psychrotolerant bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from Beijiang from the Xin Jiang Province in China.	Streptomyces beijiangensis	species
taxon rank	Cobaea pringlei is a species of flowering perennial plant of the Polemoniaceae family, native to Mexico.	Cobaea pringlei	species
taxon rank	Barkeria, abbreviated Bark in horticultural trade, is a genus of orchids.	Barkeria	genus
taxon rank	Conus praecellens, common name the admirable cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus praecellens	species
taxon rank	Scolichthys is a genus of poeciliid fishes endemic to Guatemala.	Scolichthys	genus
taxon rank	Luperus longicornis is a species of skeletonizing leaf beetles belonging to the family Chrysomelidae, subfamily Galerucinae.	Luperus longicornis	species
taxon rank	Hydrangea dumicola is a species of Hydrangea flower, native to China.	Hydrangea dumicola	species
taxon rank	Cirsium longistylum, called Long-style thistle , is a North American species of plants in the thistle tribe within the sunflower family.	Cirsium longistylum	species
taxon rank	Leptarthrus brevirostris is a species of robber-fly found throughout Europe.	Leptarthrus brevirostris	species
taxon rank	Pearson's slender-legged tree frog, Osteocephalus pearsoni, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Bolivia, Brazil, and Peru.	Pearson's slender-legged tree frog	species
taxon rank	Mesacanthus ('middle spine') is an extinct genus of acanthodian fish from early Devonian Scotland.	Mesacanthus	genus
taxon rank	Salicornia is a genus of succulent, halophyte (salt tolerant) flowering plants in the family Amaranthaceae that grow in salt marshes, on beaches, and among mangroves.	Salicornia	genus
taxon rank	Philodendron pinnatifidum, the comb-leaf philodendron, is a species of flowering plant in the Araceae.	Philodendron pinnatifidum	species
taxon rank	Trypanosoma brucei is a species of parasitic protozoan blonging to the genus Trypanosoma.	Trypanosoma brucei	species
taxon rank	Scleranthus, the knawels, are a genus of herbaceous plants in the carnation family.	Scleranthus	genus
taxon rank	Sphaerexochus is a genus of trilobite from the Middle Ordovician to Late Silurian (468.1 to 418.7 Ma) of Asia, Australia, Europe, and North America.	Sphaerexochus	genus
taxon rank	Cacophis churchilli is a species of elapid snake.	Cacophis churchilli	species
taxon rank	Tsagantegia (/ˌsɑːɡɑːnˈteɪɡiə/; meaning ``of Tsagan-Teg''; Tumanova, 1993) is a genus of medium-sized ankylosaurid dinosaur from the Upper Cretaceous Mongolia, during the Cenomanian stage.	Tsagantegia	genus
taxon rank	Anoplotrupes stercorosus is a species of earth-boring dung beetles belonging to the family Geotrupidae subfamily Geotrupinae.	Anoplotrupes stercorosus	species
taxon rank	Clanculus ater, common name the topsnail, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Clanculus ater	species
taxon rank	Scarthyla goinorum (commonly known as Tarauaca snouted treefrog) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.	Scarthyla goinorum	species
taxon rank	Holosteum umbellatum, the jagged chickweed, is a species of flowering plant in the Caryophyllaceae family.	Holosteum umbellatum	species
taxon rank	Centaurea eriophora is a species of Centaurea found in Spain in Los Alcores, Litoral onubense, Campiña Baja, Campiña Alta, Portugal (Algarve), and North Africa.	Centaurea eriophora	species
taxon rank	Boronia megastigma is a species of shrub in the citrus family known by the common name brown boronia.	Boronia megastigma	species
taxon rank	Utricularia amethystina, the Florida purple bladderwort, is a variable species of terrestrial bladderwort native to Bolivia, Brazil, Guyana, Peru, and south-east Florida.	Utricularia amethystina	species
taxon rank	This suborder is paraphyletic in relation to the Pterodactyloidea, which arose from within the Rhamphorhynchoidea, not from a more distant common ancestor.	Rhamphorhynchoidea	suborder
taxon rank	Synodontis guttatus is a species of upside-down catfish native to the Niger River basin of Niger and Nigeria.	Synodontis guttatus	species
taxon rank	Zygosignata is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tineidae.	Zygosignata	genus
taxon rank	Diloma nigerrima, common name the bluish top shell, is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk, in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Diloma nigerrima	species
taxon rank	Cicurina madla is a rare species of spider in the family Dictynidae known by the common name Madla Cave meshweaver.	Cicurina madla	species
taxon rank	Compsospiza is a genus of South American birds known as mountain finches (a name shared with several other species such as Poospiza caesar and Leucosticte).	Compsospiza	genus
taxon rank	Meiacanthus grammistes (the striped blenny, striped fang blenny, grammistes blenny, line-spot harptail blenny or striped poison-fang blenny) is a species of combtooth blenny from the western Pacific Ocean.	Meiacanthus grammistes	species
taxon rank	Ixiolirion is a genus of flowering plants native to central and southwest Asia, first described as a genus in 1821.	Ixiolirion	genus
taxon rank	Cactobrosis insignatella is a species of snout moth in the genus Cactobrosis.	Cactobrosis insignatella	species
taxon rank	Chaudhuria is a genus of spineless eels native to Southeast Asia.	Chaudhuria	genus
taxon rank	Arctosa tbilisiensis is a wolf spider species in the genus Arctosa found in Europe (Bulgaria, Greece to Georgia).	Arctosa tbilisiensis	species
taxon rank	It consists of only one species, Pyloetis mimosae, which is found in Asia, including Japan and Taiwan.	Pyloetis	species
taxon rank	Dionaea flavisquamis is a European species of fly in the family Tachinidae.	Dionaea flavisquamis	species
taxon rank	The only described species Pseudoplexippus unicus is endemic to Tanzania.	Pseudoplexippus	species
taxon rank	Schizomida (common name shorttailed whipscorpion) is an order of arachnids, generally less than 5 millimetres (0.20 in) in length.	Schizomida	order
taxon rank	Pronycticebus was a genus of adapiformes primates that lived during the middle to middle late Eocene.	Pronycticebus	genus
taxon rank	Trichosirocalus is a genus of true weevil, native to the Old World, placed alternatively in the subfamily Ceutorhynchinae or in the tribe Ceutorhynchini of the subfamily Baridinae.	Trichosirocalus	genus
taxon rank	†Opisthonematidae is an extinct family of paleozoic gastropod mollusks.	Opisthonematidae	family
taxon rank	Quercus conspersa is a Mesoamerican species of oak tree in the beech family.	Quercus conspersa	species
taxon rank	Synchiropus rubrovinctus is a species of dragonet native to the western Pacific where it has been found around Japan, New Caledonia and Hawaii.	Synchiropus rubrovinctus	species
taxon rank	Branchiosauridae is an extinct family of temnospondyl amphibians.	Branchiosauridae	family
taxon rank	Hexapodidae is a family of crabs, the only family in the superfamily Hexapodoidea.	Hexapodidae	family
taxon rank	Holothuria forskali, the black sea cucumber or cotton-spinner, is a species of sea cucumber in the family Holothuriidae.	Holothuria forskali	species
taxon rank	Philochortus zolii is a species of lacertid lizard in the family Lacertidae.	Philochortus zolii	species
taxon rank	Eohupehsuchus is a genus of extinct hupehsuchian diapsids from the Lower Triassic of China.	Eohupehsuchus	genus
taxon rank	Encyclia fehlingii is a species of orchid that was named for Gladys Fehling who lived on Andros Island in the Bahamas and spent much of her time searching for the orchids of the area and growing them for her own pleasure.	Encyclia fehlingii	species
taxon rank	Leptotyphlops macrolepis, or the Big-scaled blind snake, is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.	Leptotyphlops macrolepis	species
taxon rank	Zabrus foveipennis is a species of ground beetle in the Pterostichinae subfamily that is endemic to Turkey.	Zabrus foveipennis	species
taxon rank	Kitchingnathus (Kitchings' mandible) is an extinct genus of basal procolophonid parareptile from Early Triassic (early Olenekian stage) deposits of Eastern Cape Province, South Africa.	Kitchingnathus	genus
taxon rank	Thoracica is a superorder of crustaceans which contains the most familiar species of barnacles found on rocky coasts, such as Semibalanus balanoides and Chthamalus stellatus.	Thoracica	superorder
taxon rank	The genus Geomys contains nine species of pocket gophers often collectively referred to as the eastern pocket gophers.	Geomys	genus
taxon rank	Gibberula ramsi is a species of very small sea snail, a marine gastropod micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.	Gibberula ramsi	species
taxon rank	Trifolium medium, the zigzag clover, is a flowering plant species in the bean family Fabaceae.	Trifolium medium	species
taxon rank	Erica urna-viridis (the Sticky Heath or Bottle-green Heath) is a species of erica that was naturally restricted to the city of Cape Town, South Africa, in particular the Peninsula Sandstone Fynbos of Table Mountain.	Erica urna-viridis	species
taxon rank	Phyllorhinichthys balushkini is a species of dreamer found in the Atlantic Ocean.	Phyllorhinichthys balushkini	species
taxon rank	Cephalaralia cephalobotrys is a species of epiphytic vine of the family Araliaceae, endemic to Australia.	Cephalaralia	species
taxon rank	Nepomorpha is an infraorder of insects in the ``true bug'' order (Hemiptera).	Nepomorpha	infraorder
taxon rank	Phaedyma is a genus of Asian butterflies distributed from India to New Guinea and the Bismarck Archipelago.	Phaedyma	genus
taxon rank	Megalagrion xanthomelas (orangeblack Hawaiian damselfly) is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae that is endemic to Hawaii.	Megalagrion xanthomelas	species
taxon rank	Syringodium filiforme, commonly known as manatee grass, is a species of marine seagrass.	Syringodium filiforme	species
taxon rank	Pristiapogon is a genus of cardinalfishes native to the Indian and Pacific oceans.	Pristiapogon	genus
taxon rank	Mycobacterium arosiense is a newly described species of Mycobacterium.	Mycobacterium arosiense	species
taxon rank	Ichthyophis khumhzi, the Khumhzi striped ichthyophis, is a species of caecilian found in India.	Ichthyophis khumhzi	species
taxon rank	Carruanthus is a genus of flowering plants from the ice plant family Aizoaceae.	Carruanthus	genus
taxon rank	Eupsophus is a genus of frogs in the Alsodidae family.	Eupsophus	genus
taxon rank	Onoba aculeus, common name the pointed cingula, is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.	Onoba aculeus	species
taxon rank	The shining tree iguana, Liolaemus nitidus, is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family.	Liolaemus nitidus	species
taxon rank	Pediomelum californicum is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name California Indian breadroot.	Pediomelum californicum	species
taxon rank	Erinus alpinus (fairy foxglove, starflower, alpine balsam, liver balsam) is a species of flowering plant in the family Plantaginaceae, native to Central and Southern Europe.	Erinus alpinus	species
taxon rank	However, in December of that year, Cheng, Zhao, and Xu published an official description using the name Chaoyangsaurus youngi, and as the first name for this genus that is not a nomen nudum, it has official priority over all other spellings that have been used.	Chaoyangsaurus	genus
taxon rank	Bolinopsis infundibulum, the common northern comb jelly, is a species of comb jelly in the family Bolinopsidae.	Bolinopsis infundibulum	species
taxon rank	Pyrophorus punctatissimus is a species of click beetle (family Elateridae).	Pyrophorus punctatissimus	species
taxon rank	Dipteryx is a genus containing nine species of shrubs and trees.	Dipteryx	genus
taxon rank	Parahepialus nebulosus is a species of moth of the family Hepialidae.	Parahepialus	species
taxon rank	Olivaichthys mesembrinus is a species of velvet catfish endemic to Argentina where it is found in the Chubut and Senguer River basins.	Olivaichthys mesembrinus	species
taxon rank	Seychellum alluaudi is a species of freshwater crab endemic to the Seychelles, and the only true freshwater crab in that country.	Seychellum	species
taxon rank	Eresus sandaliatus is a species of spider found primarily in northern and central Europe.	Eresus sandaliatus	species
taxon rank	The Russian tortoise (Agrionemys horsfieldii ), also commonly known as Horsfield's tortoise or the Central Asian tortoise, is a species of tortoise and a popular pet.	Russian tortoise	species
taxon rank	Cicurina rhodiensis is a spider species found in Rhodes.	Cicurina rhodiensis	species
taxon rank	Lophophora is a genus of spineless, button-like cacti native to the southwestern United States (Texas and New Mexico) through Northeast Mexico and South to Querétaro in central Mexico.	Lophophora	genus
taxon rank	Blepharipappus is a North American plant genus in the daisy family containing the single known species Blepharipappus scaber, known by the common name rough eyelash, or rough eyelashweed.	Blepharipappus	genus
taxon rank	Cissus anisophylla is a plant species known from lowland rainforests of Panamá, Colombia, Chiapas, Brazil, Perú, Costa Rica and Ecuador.	Cissus anisophylla	species
taxon rank	Schistura montana is a species of stone loach endemic to Himachal Pradesh, India.	Schistura montana	species
taxon rank	Penicillium implicatum is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which causes postharvest rot on pomegranate.	Penicillium implicatum	species
taxon rank	The umbilicate pebblesnail, scientific name Clappia umbilicata, was a species of small freshwater snail that had an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Lithoglyphidae.	Clappia umbilicata	species
taxon rank	Tidestromia is a genus with about six or seven species of annual or subshrub perennial plants native to desert and semi-arid regions of the western United States, Mexico and tropical America in the family Amaranthaceae.	Tidestromia	genus
taxon rank	Gnathothlibus collardi was described as a species, but by combining barcodes, morphology and a nuclear marker, research has shown that it is actually an F1 hybrid between two closely related species.	Gnathothlibus collardi	species
taxon rank	Ipomoea hederifolia is a species of herbaceous annual vine native to the Americas.	Ipomoea hederifolia	species
taxon rank	Zonitidae, common name the true glass snails, are a family of mostly rather small, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Zonitoidea.	Zonitidae	family
taxon rank	Conophytum elegans is a succulent plant species in the genus Conophytum.	Conophytum elegans	species
taxon rank	Lobophytum is a genus of soft corals commonly known as devil's hand corals or devil's hand leather corals.	Lobophytum	genus
taxon rank	Vectisuchus is a genus of goniopholidid mesoeucrocodylian, known from the Early Cretaceous-age Wealden Group of the Isle of Wight, England.	Vectisuchus	genus
taxon rank	Pyrgulopsis castaicensis is a species of very small freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.	Pyrgulopsis castaicensis	species
taxon rank	Veronica derwentiana (Derwent speedwell ) is a flowering plant species of the family Plantaginaceae, endemic to south-eastern Australia.	Veronica derwentiana	species
taxon rank	Melica serrana, is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that is endemic to Cerro de las Ánimas, Uruguay and southern South America.	Melica serrana	species
taxon rank	Uropeltis broughami, commonly known as Brougham's earth snake or the Sirumallay Uropeltis, is a species of snake in the family Uropeltidae.	Uropeltis broughami	species
taxon rank	Tremellodendropsis tuberosa, commonly known as the ashen coral, is a species of coral fungus in the family Tremellodendropsidaceae.	Tremellodendropsis tuberosa	species
taxon rank	Homalometron pallidum is a species of marine fluke in the class Trematoda.	Homalometron pallidum	species
taxon rank	It contains a single genus, Diopisthoporus, containing the following species:	Diopisthoporus	genus
taxon rank	Tangasauridae is a family of eosuchian diapsids.	Tangasauridae	family
taxon rank	Compsognathidae is a family of small carnivorous dinosaurs, generally conservative in form, from the Jurassic and Cretaceous Periods.	Compsognathidae	family
taxon rank	Tatankaceratops was described by Christopher J. Ott and Peter L. Larson in 2010 and the type species is Tatankaceratops sacrisonorum.	Tatankaceratops	species
taxon rank	Campanula scabrella is a species of bellflower known by the common name rough bellflower.	Campanula scabrella	species
taxon rank	Rehderodendron macrocarpum is a species of flowering plant in the family Styracaceae, native to southwestern China (Guangxi, Sichuan, Yunnan) and northern Vietnam, where it grows at altitudes of 1,000--1,500 m. It is threatened by habitat loss.	Rehderodendron macrocarpum	species
taxon rank	Nemoptera bipennis is a species of slow flying insect in the family Nemopteridae or spoonwings.	Nemoptera bipennis	species
taxon rank	Macroplea pubipennis is a species of leaf beetle of the subfamily Donaciinae that is endemic to Finland.	Macroplea pubipennis	species
taxon rank	Delphastus pusillus is a small ladybird beetle which preys on all species and stages of whitefly, but prefers eggs and nymphs.	Delphastus pusillus	species
taxon rank	Megateuthis gigantea is the largest known belemnite species.	Megateuthis gigantea	species
taxon rank	Paracentrotus lividus is a species of sea urchin in the family Parechinidae commonly known as the purple sea urchin.	Paracentrotus lividus	species
taxon rank	Synclera traducalis, the variegated pearl, is a species of moth in the Crambidae family.	Synclera traducalis	species
taxon rank	Nebria germari is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Austria, Germany, Italy, Liechtenstein, Switzerland, and in every state of former Yugoslavia, except for Republic of Macedonia.	Nebria germari	species
taxon rank	Danionella is a genus of danionin fish found in freshwater habitats in Myanmar and West Bengal, India.	Danionella	genus
taxon rank	Helcystogramma is a genus of moths in the family Gelechiidae.	Helcystogramma	genus
taxon rank	Opsilia schurmanni is a species of beetle from a Cerambycidae family that is endemic to Republic of Macedonia.	Opsilia schurmanni	species
taxon rank	Wahlenbergia roxburghii (Roxburgh bellflower or dwarf cabbage tree) is an extinct member of a group of four species of Wahlenbergia once known from the island of Saint Helena, in the South Atlantic Ocean.	Wahlenbergia roxburghii	species
taxon rank	Eleocharis vivipara is a species of flowering plant in the sedge family known by several common names, including umbrella hairgrass, sprouting spikerush, and viviparous spikerush.	Eleocharis vivipara	species
taxon rank	Kritosaurus is an incompletely known genus of hadrosaurid (duck-billed) dinosaur.	Kritosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Pennisetum purpureum, also known as Napier grass, elephant grass or Uganda grass, is a species of perennial tropical grass native to the African grasslands.	Pennisetum purpureum	species
taxon rank	Chilobrycon deuterodon is a species of characin endemic to Peru, where it is found in the Tumbes River.	Chilobrycon deuterodon	species
taxon rank	Monanthes muralis is a species in the genus Monanthes, forming small, succulent bushes with green flowers.	Monanthes muralis	species
taxon rank	Brachionus is a genus of planktonic rotifers occurring in freshwater, alkaline and brackish water.	Brachionus	genus
taxon rank	Typhlops microstomus, or the Yucatán blind snake, is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.	Typhlops microstomus	species
taxon rank	Esperia oliviella is a species of gelechioid moth from Europe and the Near East.	Esperia oliviella	species
taxon rank	Eria is a large genus of orchids with more than 500 species distributed in China, the Himalayas, the Indian Subcontinent, Southeast Asia, New Guinea, Polynesia, Melanesia and Micronesia.	Eria	genus
taxon rank	The genus Cacalia L. is a nomen rejiciendum (rejected name) under the International Code of Nomenclature for algae, fungi, and plants.	Cacalia	genus
taxon rank	Atherion is a small genus of silversides.	Atherion	genus
taxon rank	Streptomyces althioticus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil.Streptomyces althioticus produces althiomycin	Streptomyces althioticus	species
taxon rank	The Paddyfield Parasol, (Neurothemis intermedia) is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.	Neurothemis intermedia	species
taxon rank	Bornella anguilla is a species of sea slug, a nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Bornellidae.	Bornella anguilla	species
taxon rank	Anthaster valvulatus is a species of sea star in the family Orestieridae.	Anthaster	species
taxon rank	Chilabothrus chrysogaster, commonly known as the Turks Island boa or the Southern Bahamas boa, is a species of snake found in the Southern Bahamas (Inagua, Crooked Island and Acklins) and the Turks and Caicos Islands.	Chilabothrus chrysogaster	species
taxon rank	Allium flavidum is an Asian species of onions native to Xinjiang, Altay Krai, Mongolia and Kazakhstan.	Allium flavidum	species
taxon rank	Recilia acuminatus is a species of bugs from Cicadellidae family that is endemic to India.	Recilia acuminatus	species
taxon rank	Gerbera jamesonii is a species of flowering plant in the genus Gerbera.	Gerbera jamesonii	species
taxon rank	Echinomastus erectocentrus is a species of cactus known by the common names redspine fishhook cactus, redspine butterfly cactus, acuña cactus, needle-spine pineapple cactus, red pineapple cactus, and purple-spine viznagita.	Echinomastus erectocentrus	species
taxon rank	Papilio microps is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Ethiopia and Somalia.	Papilio microps	species
taxon rank	Cirsium loncholepis is a rare species of thistle known by the common name La Graciosa thistle.	Cirsium loncholepis	species
taxon rank	Ubristes is a genus of hoverflies, with 61 known species.	Ubristes	genus
taxon rank	Streptomyces albiaxialis is a halotolerant bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from an oil field in Russia.	Streptomyces albiaxialis	species
taxon rank	Hemiphragmoceratidae is a family of endogastrically brevconic oncocerids characterized by elaborately visored apertures in which the hyponomic sinus in mature specimens is on a spout-like process and there may be lateral and dorsal salients.	Hemiphragmoceratidae	family
taxon rank	Palaeorhincodon is an extinct genus of prehistoric whale shark from the Paleocene and Eocene of Africa and North America.	Palaeorhincodon	genus
taxon rank	Paedophryne amauensis is a species of frog from Papua New Guinea discovered in August 2009 and formally described in January 2012.	Paedophryne amauensis	species
taxon rank	Lentipes whittenorum is a species of goby endemic to marine, brackish and fresh waters of Indonesia.	Lentipes whittenorum	species
taxon rank	Benedictia maxima is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusc in the family Lithoglyphidae.	Benedictia maxima	species
taxon rank	Helicocranchia is a genus of glass squids including Helicocranchia papillata, Helicocranchia pfefferi, and Helicocranchia joubini	Helicocranchia	genus
taxon rank	Santalum ellipticum, commonly known as ʻIliahialoʻe (Hawaiian) or coastal sandalwood, is a species of flowering plant in the European mistletoe family, Santalaceae, that is endemic to the Hawaiian Islands.	Santalum ellipticum	species
taxon rank	Podoliacanthus is an extinct genus of Acanthodii (``spiky sharks'') which existed in what is now Greenland and Ukraine during the early Devonian period.	Podoliacanthus	genus
taxon rank	Raorchestes coonoorensis, also known as the Coonore bushfrog or Coonoor bush frog, is a species of frog endemic to the Western Ghats, India.	Raorchestes coonoorensis	species
taxon rank	Chriacus is an extinct genus of prehistoric mammal which lived in North America around 63 million years ago.	Chriacus	genus
taxon rank	Abies beshanzuensis (Baishanzu fir, Baishan fir) is a species of fir (genus Abies) in the family Pinaceae.	Abies beshanzuensis	species
taxon rank	Notogramma cactipeodes is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Notogramma of the family Tephritidae.	Notogramma cactipeodes	species
taxon rank	Amphiesma khasiense, commonly known as the Khasi Hills keelback, is a species of colubrid snake endemic to southeastern Asia.	Amphiesma khasiense	species
taxon rank	Leptospermum scoparium, commonly called mānuka, manuka myrtle, New Zealand teatree, broom tea-tree, or just tea tree, is a species of flowering plant in the myrtle family Myrtaceae, native to southeast Australia and New Zealand.	Leptospermum scoparium	species
taxon rank	Turbonilla ornata, common name the ornate turbonilla, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.	Turbonilla ornata	species
taxon rank	Novaculichthys taeniourus (rockmover, dragon, or reindeer wrasse) is a species of wrasse mainly found in coral reefs and lagoons in the Indo-Pacific region.	Novaculichthys taeniourus	species
taxon rank	Acharagma is a genus of two small cactus species from northern Mexico.	Acharagma	genus
taxon rank	Leiostyla cassida is a species of small, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Lauriidae.	Leiostyla cassida	species
taxon rank	Fruticicola fruticum is a species of medium-sized, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Bradybaenidae.	Fruticicola fruticum	species
taxon rank	Myromexocentrus tibialis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Myromexocentrus.	Myromexocentrus tibialis	species
taxon rank	Lambdotherium (``Wave Beast'') is a genus of North American brontothere.	Lambdotherium	genus
taxon rank	Pareiasaurs (meaning ``cheek lizards'') are an extinct group of anapsid reptiles classified in the family Pareiasauridae.	Pareiasaur	family
taxon rank	Veronica bullii (syn. Besseya bullii) is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common names kittentails and Bull's coraldrops.	Veronica bullii	species
taxon rank	Kingsnakes are colubrid snakes, members of the genus Lampropeltis, which include milk snakes and four other species.	Kingsnake	genus
taxon rank	Pristiterebra tuberculosa, common name : the tuberculate auger, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae, the auger snails.	Pristiterebra tuberculosa	species
taxon rank	Velezia rigida is a species of flowering plant in the pink family.	Velezia rigida	species
taxon rank	It contains only one known species, Colebrookea oppositifolia, native to India, Pakistan, Nepal, Bhutan, Assam, Bangladesh, Myanmar, Thailand and Yunnan.	Colebrookea	species
taxon rank	The Ili pika (Ochotona iliensis) is a species of mammal in the family Ochotonidae, endemic to northwest China.	Ili pika	species
taxon rank	Natica fulminea, common name the lightning moon snail, is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae, the moon snails.	Natica fulminea	species
taxon rank	Lilium maritimum is a species of lily known by the common name coast lily.	Lilium maritimum	species
taxon rank	Barbeyella minutissima is a slime mould species of the order Echinosteliales, and the only species of the genus Barbeyella.	Barbeyella minutissima	species
taxon rank	Chrysophtharta bimaculata is a species of leaf beetle, family Chrysomelidae.	Chrysophtharta bimaculata	species
taxon rank	Coptobrycon bilineatus is a species of characin endemic to Brazil, where it is found in the upper Tietê River basin.	Coptobrycon bilineatus	species
taxon rank	It contains a single species, Rhoiptelea chiliantha, commonly known as the horsetail tree.	Rhoiptelea	species
taxon rank	Hydriastele microcarpa (formerly Gulubia microcarpa) is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family.	Hydriastele microcarpa	species
taxon rank	Nymphonidae is a family of sea spiders which has representatives in all the oceans.	Nymphonidae	family
taxon rank	The Famatina tuco-tuco (Ctenomys famosus) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae.	Famatina tuco-tuco	species
taxon rank	Antilleptostylus nigricans is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae, and the only species in the genus Antilleptostylus.	Antilleptostylus nigricans	species
taxon rank	Microtralia ovulum is a species of minute air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Ellobiidae, the salt marsh snails.	Microtralia ovulum	species
taxon rank	Conus sanguinolentus, common name the blood-stained cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus sanguinolentus	species
taxon rank	Bashkyroleter is an extinct genus of nycteroleterid parareptile which existed in European Russia during the middle Permian period.	Bashkyroleter	genus
taxon rank	Thymus mastichina is a species in the Lamiaceae family.	Thymus mastichina	species
taxon rank	Boulenger's Dasia, Dasia subcaeruleum, is a species of tree skink endemic to the Western Ghats in south India.	Dasia subcaeruleum	species
taxon rank	Creonpyge is a Neotropical genus of Firetips in the family Hesperiidae.The genus is monotypic containing the single species Creonpyge creon (Druce, 1874) found in Costa Rica and Colombia	Creonpyge	genus
taxon rank	Viviparus bermondianus is a species of a freshwater snail with gills and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Ampullariidae, the apple snails.	Viviparus bermondianus	species
taxon rank	Chrysolina suffriani is a species of beetle from the Chrysomelidae family, inhabits in Sardinia, Corsica.	Chrysolina suffriani	species
taxon rank	Aulacophora approximata is a species of leaf beetle in the genus Aulacophora that was discovered by Baly in 1886.	Aulacophora approximata	species
taxon rank	Palaeoscolex is the type genus of the Palaeoscolecid worms, and serves as something of a bucket taxon.	Palaeoscolex	genus
taxon rank	Atriplex fruticulosa is a species of saltbush known by the common names ball saltbush and little oak orach.	Atriplex fruticulosa	species
taxon rank	Cybaeus abchasicus is a spider species found in Turkey, Georgia and Russia	Cybaeus abchasicus	species
taxon rank	Temnocora candida, the Bigeye snailfish, is a species of snailfish native to the far northern Pacific Ocean where it is found at depths of from 64 to 400 metres (210 to 1,312 ft).	Temnocora candida	species
taxon rank	Penicillium coffeae is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from the plant Coffea arabica L. in Hawaii.	Penicillium coffeae	species
taxon rank	Anisopodus melzeri is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that was described by Gilmour in 1965.	Anisopodus melzeri	species
taxon rank	Lilium pomponium (Turban lily) is a European species of lily native to France, Spain, and Italy.	Lilium pomponium	species
taxon rank	Ouratea is a genus of flowering plants in the wild plane family (Ochnaceae).	Ouratea	genus
taxon rank	Arene stellata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod in the family Areneidae.	Arene stellata	species
taxon rank	Clitoria is a genus of insect-pollinated flowering plants.	Clitoria	genus
taxon rank	Eremiasaurus is a genus of mosasaurine mosasaur from the Maastrichtian (Late Cretaceous) phosphates of Morocco.	Eremiasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Augustynolophus is an extinct genus of saurolophine hadrosaur dinosaur which was discovered in the Moreno Formation in California, dating to the late Maastrichtian age.	Augustynolophus	genus
taxon rank	Idiosepius pygmaeus, also known as the Two-toned Pygmy Squid, is a species of bobtail squid native to the Indo-Pacific.	Idiosepius pygmaeus	species
taxon rank	Aurorachelys gaffneyi is an extinct species of turtle which existed in Canada during the late Cretaceous period, and the only species in the genus Aurorachelys.	Aurorachelys	species
taxon rank	Ectoconus is an extinct genus of terrestrial herbivorous mammal of the family Periptychidae, endemic to North America during the Early Paleocene subepochs (66--63.3 mya) existing for approximately 2.7 million years.	Ectoconus	genus
taxon rank	Syringa pubescens is a species of flowering plant in the lilac genus of the family Oleaceae, native to Korea and China (Gansu, Hebei, Henan, Hubei, Jilin, Liaoning, Ningxia, Qinghai, Shaanxi, Shandong, Shanxi, Sichuan).	Syringa pubescens	species
taxon rank	Haplomitrium dentatum is a species of liverwort from India.	Haplomitrium dentatum	species
taxon rank	Cyrtocarenum is a trapdoor spider genus.	Cyrtocarenum	genus
taxon rank	However, similarities between the dental morphology of Nuralagus and Eurasian members of the extinct genus Alilepus have led to speculation that Alilepus is closely related to and, possibly, the ancestor of Nuralagus.	Nuralagus	genus
taxon rank	Carcha undulatalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Carcha.	Carcha undulatalis	species
taxon rank	Protopolybia chartergoides, also known as Pseudochartergus chartergoides, is a species of wasp within the genus Protopolybia.	Protopolybia chartergoides	species
taxon rank	Bornetella nitida is a species of marine algae in the Dasycladaceae family.	Bornetella nitida	species
taxon rank	Tylenchidae is a family of nematodes containing the following subfamilies and genera:	Tylenchidae	family
taxon rank	Bathysauroides gigas, the pale deepsea lizardfish, is the only species in the family Bathysauroididae.	Bathysauroides gigas	species
taxon rank	Acastopyge is a genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida, which existed in what is now Poland.	Acastopyge	genus
taxon rank	Priapulida (priapulid worms or penis worms, from Gr. πριάπος, priāpos 'Priapus' + Lat. -ul-, diminutive) is a phylum of marine worms.	Priapulida	phylum
taxon rank	The Pseudogaudryinidae is a family of Late Cretaceous to recent benthic aggultinated Foraminifera included in the Textulariida.	Pseudogaudryinidae	family
taxon rank	Lobatus costatus, commonly known as the milk conch, is a species of large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae, the true conchs.	Lobatus costatus	species
taxon rank	Cucurbita lundelliana is a mesophyte plant species of the genus Cucurbita.	Cucurbita lundelliana	species
taxon rank	Prodesmodon is an extinct genus of prehistoric salamander first described from the Lance Formation.	Prodesmodon	genus
taxon rank	Nebria gyllenhali is a black-coloured species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Canada, Latvia, Russia, and the United States.	Nebria gyllenhali	species
taxon rank	Parasybrodiboma sikkimensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Parasybrodiboma.	Parasybrodiboma sikkimensis	species
taxon rank	Helianthella californica is a species of flowering plant in the sunflower family known by the common name California helianthella.	Helianthella californica	species
taxon rank	Kaloula verrucosa, the verrucous digging frog or Chinese narrowmouth toad, is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.	Kaloula verrucosa	species
taxon rank	Amana erythronioides (formerly Tulipa erythronioides) is an East Asian species of flowering plant in the lily family, native to China (Anhui, Zhejiang) and Japan (Musashi, Ise).	Amana erythronioides	species
taxon rank	Trichocentrum pumilum is a species of orchid found from Brazil to northeastern Argentina.	Trichocentrum pumilum	species
taxon rank	Rhabdoderma is an extinct genus of coelacanth fish in the class Sarcopterygii.	Rhabdoderma	genus
taxon rank	Stomatia phymotis, common name the swollen stomatella, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Stomatia phymotis	species
taxon rank	Chenopodium fremontii is a species of flowering plant in the amaranth family known by the common name Frémont's goosefoot.	Chenopodium fremontii	species
taxon rank	Oeceoclades flavescens is a terrestrial orchid species in the genus Oeceoclades that is endemic to northeastern Madagascar.	Oeceoclades flavescens	species
taxon rank	Rhinocyllus is a small genus of true weevil, with about 4 species described.	Rhinocyllus	genus
taxon rank	Amyema congener, commonly known as the variable mistletoe, is a species of flowering plant, an epiphytic hemiparasitic plant of the family Loranthaceae from eastern Australia.	Amyema congener	species
taxon rank	Hemistomia gemma is a species of minute freshwater snails with an operculum, aquatic gastropod molluscs or micromolluscs in the family Hydrobiidae.	Hemistomia gemma	species
taxon rank	Flaveria linearis, narrowleaf yellowtops, is a North American plant species of yellowtops within the sunflower family.	Flaveria linearis	species
taxon rank	Philodromus praedatus is a spider species found in Europe, Russia and Azerbaijan.	Philodromus praedatus	species
taxon rank	Myodocarpus angustialatus is a threatened species of plant in the Myodocarpaceae family.	Myodocarpus angustialatus	species
taxon rank	Garrya is a genus of flowering plants in the family Garryaceae, native to Mexico, the western United States, Central America and the Greater Antilles.	Garrya	genus
taxon rank	Ampelocissus barbata is a species of liana in the grape family Vitaceae.	Ampelocissus barbata	species
taxon rank	The Chiropsalmidae are a family of venomous box jellyfish within class Cubozoa.	Chiropsalmidae	family
taxon rank	Rhagio is a worldwide genus of predatory snipe flies.	Rhagio	genus
taxon rank	Galerucella lineola is a species of leaf beetle in the family Chrysomelidae.	Galerucella lineola	species
taxon rank	Arthromyces is a genus of fungi in the Lyophyllaceae family.	Arthromyces	genus
taxon rank	Spilogona falleni is a species of fly which is distributed across many parts the Palaearctic.	Spilogona falleni	species
taxon rank	The Lycoteuthidae are a family of squid comprising four known genera in two subfamilies.	Lycoteuthidae	family
taxon rank	The Campaniloidea is a superfamily of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks.	Campaniloidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Quercus hintonii is an rare Mexican species of tree in the beech family.	Quercus hintonii	species
taxon rank	The De Witte's snout-burrower (Hemisus wittei) is a species of frog in the Hemisotidae family, found in Democratic Republic of the Congo and Zambia.	De Witte's snout-burrower	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Histiovalva fortunata, which is found in Guinea.	Histiovalva	species
taxon rank	The type species is Kakuru kujani.	Kakuru	species
taxon rank	Acanthomintha duttonii is a species of annual plant endemic to San Mateo County, California in the Lamiaceae family.	Acanthomintha duttonii	species
taxon rank	Liriomyza eupatoriella is a species of leaf miner, the larva of a fly, in the family Agromyzidae.	Liriomyza eupatoriella	species
taxon rank	Odostomiinae, Odostomia snails and their allies, is a taxonomic subfamily of minute parasitic sea snails.	Odostomiinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Praeacedes atomosella is a moth of the Tineidae family and only species in the Praeacedes genus.	Praeacedes atomosella	species
taxon rank	The Negros fruit dove (Ptilinopus arcanus) is a species of bird in the pigeon and dove family, Columbidae.	Negros fruit dove	species
taxon rank	Nessovbaatar is a genus of extinct mammal from the Upper Cretaceous of Mongolia.	Nessovbaatar	genus
taxon rank	Liobagrus formosanus is a species of catfish in the Amblycipitidae family (the torrent catfishes) endemic to Taiwan.	Liobagrus formosanus	species
taxon rank	Algarolutra is an extinct endemic genus of otter from the Pleistocene of Corsica and Sardinia.	Algarolutra	genus
taxon rank	Chondrilla juncea is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by a number of common names, including rush skeletonweed, gum succory, devil's grass, and nakedweed.	Chondrilla juncea	species
taxon rank	Chiasognathus is a genus of stag beetles found in Argentina and Chile.	Chiasognathus	genus
taxon rank	The Beryciformes are an order of ray-finned fishes, a poorly understood group of seven families.	Beryciformes	order
taxon rank	Medinilla beamanii is a species in the genus Medinilla belonging to the Melastomataceae family.	Medinilla beamanii	species
taxon rank	Aspasmodes briggsi is a species of clingfish native to the Seychelles.	Aspasmodes briggsi	species
taxon rank	Coccomyxa is a genus of green algae, in the family Coccomyxaceae.	Coccomyxa	genus
taxon rank	Litothamnus is a genus of Brazilian flowering plants in the snakeroot tribe within the sunflower family.	Litothamnus	genus
taxon rank	Micrommata is a genus of huntsman spiders with palaearctic distribution (other than M. darlingi, occurring in South Africa).	Micrommata	genus
taxon rank	The Paria whitestart (Myioborus pariae), also known as the yellow-faced whitestart, is a species of bird in the Parulidae family.	Paria whitestart	species
taxon rank	Zabrus constrictus is a species of ground beetle in the Platyzabrus subgenus that is endemic to Spain.	Zabrus constrictus	species
taxon rank	Amphisphaeria is a genus of fungi in the family Amphisphaeriaceae.	Amphisphaeria	genus
taxon rank	Myrmecia analis is a species of the Myrmecia genus.	Myrmecia analis	species
taxon rank	Kalanchoe rhombopilosa is a succulent plant species in the Crassulaceae family.	Kalanchoe rhombopilosa	species
taxon rank	Anacyclus ciliatus, the ciliated German pellitory, is a species of pellitory that is endemic to Azerbaijan.	Anacyclus ciliatus	species
taxon rank	Catathelasma evanescens is a species of fungus in the Tricholomataceae family, and the type species of the genus Catathelasma.	Catathelasma evanescens	species
taxon rank	Talbotia elegans is the sole species in the monotypic genus of monocotyledonous flowering plants, Talbotia.	Talbotia elegans	species
taxon rank	The Aganainae are a small subfamily of moths in the Erebidae family.	Aganainae	subfamily
taxon rank	Medusafishes are a family, Centrolophidae, of perciform fishes.	Medusafish	family
taxon rank	Keckiella lemmonii (formerly Penstemon lemmonii) is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name Lemmon's keckiella.	Keckiella lemmonii	species
taxon rank	Pantherophis is a proposed genus of nonvenomous colubrid snakes endemic to North America and Central America, commonly called ratsnakes or rat snakes.	Pantherophis	genus
taxon rank	The Clytrini are a tribe within the leaf beetle subfamily Cryptocephalinae, though historically they were often treated as a distinct subfamily, Clytrinae.	Clytrini	subfamily
taxon rank	Stillingia linearifolia is a species of flowering plant in the euphorb family known by the common name queen's-root.	Stillingia linearifolia	species
taxon rank	Aprasia aurita, also called the mallee worm-lizard, is a species of lizard in the Pygopodidae family endemic to Australia; and listed on Schedule 1 under the Commonwealth's Endangered Species Protection Act.	Aprasia aurita	species
taxon rank	Pseudovates peruviana, common name Peruvian stick mantis, is a medium-sized species of praying mantis native to South America.	Pseudovates peruviana	species
taxon rank	Chionanthus pygmaeus is a rare species of flowering plant in the olive family known by the common name pygmy fringetree.	Chionanthus pygmaeus	species
taxon rank	Trichomycterus argos is a species of pencil catfish endemic to Brazil, where it occurs in the Rio Doce basin, situated in the Serra do Brigadeiro range, Minas Gerais.	Trichomycterus argos	species
taxon rank	Cynoglossus capensis, commonly known as the Sand tonguesole is a species of tonguefish.	Cynoglossus capensis	species
taxon rank	Paralaudakia is a genus of lizards, commonly known as Asian rock agamas, which are endemic to Eurasia.	Paralaudakia	genus
taxon rank	Phemeranthus calcaricus, the limestone fameflower, is a species of flowering plant in the family Montiaceae.	Phemeranthus calcaricus	species
taxon rank	Zabrus seidlitzi is a species of ground beetle in the Pelor subgenus that is endemic to Spain.	Zabrus seidlitzi	species
taxon rank	Tetramorium smaug is a species of myrmicine ant native to Ambatovy, Amber Mountain National Park, and Ivohibe in Madagascar.	Tetramorium smaug	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Cubotinea orghidani, which is found on Cuba.	Cubotinea	species
taxon rank	Bembradium is a genus of deep-water flatheads native to the Pacific Ocean.	Bembradium	genus
taxon rank	Argopecten purpuratus, common names the ``Peruvian scallop'', is an edible species of saltwater clam, a scallop, a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Pectinidae, the scallops.	Argopecten purpuratus	species
taxon rank	Histriasaurus (HIS-tree-ah-SAWR-us) (meaning ``Istria lizard'') was a genus of dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous (Hauterivian to Barremian stages, around 130 million years ago).	Histriasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Chilobrachys jingzhao, commonly known as Chinese earth tiger tarantula or Chinese fawn tarantula, is a species of venomous tarantulas belonging to a family of Theraphosidae.	Chilobrachys jingzhao	species
taxon rank	Borichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric, ray finned bony fish.	Borichthys	genus
taxon rank	Thioalkalimicrobium aerophilum is an obligately alkaliphilic and obligately chemolithoautotrophic sulfur-oxidizing bacteria, the type species of its genus.	Thioalkalimicrobium aerophilum	species
taxon rank	Procyclotosaurus is an extinct genus of stenotosaurid capitosaurian temnospondyl.	Procyclotosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Sphoeroides is a genus of pufferfishes.	Sphoeroides	genus
taxon rank	Silene spaldingii is a rare species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common names Spalding's silene, Spalding's catchfly and Spalding's campion.	Silene spaldingii	species
taxon rank	Phragmipedium klotzschianum is a species of orchid found from southeastern Venezuela to Guyana and northern Brazil.	Phragmipedium klotzschianum	species
taxon rank	Rhamnus purshiana (cascara buckthorn, cascara, bearberry, and in the Chinook Jargon, chittem and chitticum; syn. Frangula purshiana, Rhamnus purshianus) is a species of buckthorn native to western North America from southern British Columbia south to central California, and eastward to northwestern Montana.	Rhamnus purshiana	species
taxon rank	Cicindela puritana, commonly referred to as the Puritan tiger beetle, is a federally listed threatened species of beetle in the United States.	Cicindela puritana	species
taxon rank	Navarretia jaredii is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common names mitrefruit pincushionplant and Paso Robles navarretia.	Navarretia jaredii	species
taxon rank	Restrepia schizosepala is a species of orchid endemic to northeastern Ecuador.	Restrepia schizosepala	species
taxon rank	Rubus suus is an uncommon North American species of brambles in the rose family.	Rubus suus	species
taxon rank	Mentzelia springeri is a species of flowering plant in the family Loasaceae known by the common name Santa Fe blazingstar.	Mentzelia springeri	species
taxon rank	The grass Tuctoria mucronata, which is known by several common names including prickly spiralgrass, Solano grass, and Crampton's tuctoria, is a federally listed endangered plant species endemic to two counties in northern California.	Tuctoria mucronata	species
taxon rank	Bidens micrantha is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name grassland beggarticks.	Bidens micrantha	species
taxon rank	The Eleonora cockatoo, Cacatua galerita eleonora, also known as medium sulphur-crested cockatoo, is similar in appearance to other subspecies of the sulphur-crested cockatoo.	Eleonora cockatoo	subspecies
taxon rank	Ormia depleta, sometimes called the Brazilian red-eyed fly, is a species of fly in the family Tachinidae.	Ormia depleta	species
taxon rank	Anigozanthos humilis is a species of Anigozanthos in the family Haemodoraceae, known as common cat's paw or catspaw.	Anigozanthos humilis	species
taxon rank	Cervus elaphus acoronatus is an extinct subspecies of deer belonging to the family Cervidae.	Cervus elaphus acoronatus	subspecies
taxon rank	Archegozetes longisetosus is a species of tropical moss mite in the family Trhypochthoniidae.	Archegozetes longisetosus	species
taxon rank	Hoplosuchus is a genus of crocodylomorph.	Hoplosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Hydroporus is a genus of water beetle native to the Palearctic (including Europe), the Nearctic, the Near East, and North Africa.	Hydroporus	genus
taxon rank	Lisserpeton is an extinct genus of prehistoric amphibian of the Hell Creek Formation.	Lisserpeton	genus
taxon rank	Carex multicaulis is a species of sedge known by the common name manystem sedge.	Carex multicaulis	species
taxon rank	Large odorous frog, Odorrana graminea, is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.	Odorrana graminea	species
taxon rank	Allosyncarpia ternata, commonly known as An-binik, is a species of rainforest trees constituting part of the botanical family Myrtaceae and included in the Eucalypts group.	Allosyncarpia	species
taxon rank	Taterillus is a genus of gerbils, containing the following species:	Taterillus	genus
taxon rank	Atlantosaurus (meaning ``Atlas lizard'') is a dubious genus of sauropod dinosaur.	Atlantosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Rodgersia aesculifolia is a species of flowering plant in the family Saxifragaceae, native to northern China.	Rodgersia aesculifolia	species
taxon rank	Oenopota laticostulata is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.	Oenopota laticostulata	species
taxon rank	Girardinus falcatus is a species of Cuban tropical fish.	Girardinus falcatus	species
taxon rank	Phylloporus rhodoxanthus, commonly known as the gilled bolete, is a species of fungus in the Boletaceae family.	Phylloporus rhodoxanthus	species
taxon rank	The Central American least shrew (Cryptotis orophila) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Central American least shrew	species
taxon rank	Nocticolidae is a small family in the order Blattodea (cockroaches).	Nocticolidae	family
taxon rank	Labeobarbus cardozoi is a species of cyprinid fish found in the Congo Democratic Republic and Angola in Africa.	Labeobarbus cardozoi	species
taxon rank	Adrianites is an extinct genus of the Adrianitidae family.	Adrianites	genus
taxon rank	The California least tern, Sternula antillarum browni, is a subspecies of least tern that breeds primarily in bays of the Pacific Ocean within a very limited range of Southern California, in San Francisco Bay and in and extreme northern Mexico.	California least tern	subspecies
taxon rank	Arctostaphylos glauca is a species of manzanita known by the common name bigberry manzanita.	Arctostaphylos glauca	species
taxon rank	Phyllodactylus angelensis is a species of lizard, or more precisely gecko, that is in genus Phyllodactylus (or leaf-toed geckos).	Phyllodactylus angelensis	species
taxon rank	Ionactis linariifolia also known as the flax-leaf ankle-aster, flaxleaf whitetop or simply aster is a North American species of plants in the daisy family.	Ionactis linariifolia	species
taxon rank	Hainald's rat (Rattus hainaldi) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Hainald's rat	species
taxon rank	Bivalvia, in previous centuries referred to as the Lamellibranchiata and Pelecypoda, is a class of marine and freshwater molluscs that have laterally compressed bodies enclosed by a shell consisting of two hinged parts.	Bivalvia	class
taxon rank	Eucalyptocrinites is an extinct genus of crinoid that lived from the Silurian to the Middle Devonian.	Eucalyptocrinites	genus
taxon rank	Chironius laurenti is a species of nonvenomous colubrid snake found in Brazil and Bolivia.	Chironius laurenti	species
taxon rank	Buenellus higginsi is the only known species in the genus Buenellus (i.e., the genus is monotypic).	Buenellus	species
taxon rank	Myrmecia brevinoda is a species of bull ant which is only native to Australia.	Myrmecia brevinoda	species
taxon rank	Rhynchelmis is the genus of 30 species of aquatic oligochaetes from the Northern Hemisphere, with 11 species from North America and 19 from Eurasia.	Rhynchelmis	genus
taxon rank	Quercus hemisphaerica (sand laurel oak, laurel oak, Darlington oak, laurel-leaf oak) is a species of oak native to the southeastern and south-central United States, from Texas to Delaware.	Quercus hemisphaerica	species
taxon rank	Leucocythere helenae is a species of crustacean in the family Limnocytheridae.	Leucocythere helenae	species
taxon rank	Myotis aurascens, known commonly as the steppe whiskered bat, is a species of mouse-eared bat.	Myotis aurascens	species
taxon rank	Neopetrosia is a genus of marine petrosiid sponges.	Neopetrosia	genus
taxon rank	Schoenocrambe argillacea (syn. Hesperidanthus argillaceus) is a rare species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names clay reed-mustard, Uinta Basin plainsmustard, and clay thelypody.	Schoenocrambe argillacea	species
taxon rank	Coenobita cavipes is a species of land hermit crab native to the eastern parts of Africa, the Philippines, China, Japan, Malaysia, Taiwan, Polynesia, and Micronesia.	Coenobita cavipes	species
taxon rank	Adiposphaerion rubrum is a species of longhorn beetle in the Elaphidiini subfamily, the only species in the genus Adiposphaerion which was described my Martins and Napp in 1992.	Adiposphaerion	genus
taxon rank	Eriogonum latifolium is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common names seaside buckwheat and coast buckwheat.	Eriogonum latifolium	species
taxon rank	Nannamoria is a small taxonomic genus of small-sized sea snails, predatory marine gastropod molluscs in the family Volutidae, the volutes.	Nannamoria	genus
taxon rank	Zabrus validus is a species of black coloured ground beetle in the Pterostichinae subfamily that is endemic to Greece.	Zabrus validus	species
taxon rank	Fleurydora is a genus of plant in family Ochnaceae.	Fleurydora	genus
taxon rank	Persoonia laurina was one of five species described by Christiaan Hendrik Persoon in his 1805 work Synopsis Plantarum, from material collected by John White in 1793 and 1794.	Persoonia laurina	species
taxon rank	Aspidelaps is a genus of venomous elapid snakes found in Africa.	Aspidelaps	genus
taxon rank	Mexipyrgus carranzae is a species of very small freshwater snail, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Cochliopidae.	Mexipyrgus carranzae	species
taxon rank	Pedetes surdaster was recognised by Matthee and Robinson in 1997 as a species distinct from the southern African spring hare (Pedetes capensis).	Pedetes surdaster	species
taxon rank	The Bakır shemaya (Alburnus attalus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Alburnus.	Alburnus attalus	species
taxon rank	Jaltomata procumbens (creeping false holly) is a plant species native to Arizona, USA, Mexico, Central America, Colombia, Ecuador, and Venezuela.	Jaltomata procumbens	species
taxon rank	The Spotted Catasetum (Catasetum maculatum) is a species of orchid found from Central America to Venezuela.	Catasetum maculatum	species
taxon rank	Trichodesmium, also called sea sawdust, is a genus of filamentous cyanobacteria.	Trichodesmium	genus
taxon rank	Drosanthemum (``dewflowers'') is a genus of succulent plants in the ice plant family native to the winter-rainfall regions of southern Africa.	Drosanthemum	genus
taxon rank	Kazacharthra is an extinct order of branchiopod crustaceans that appear to be closely related to the living order Notostraca (the tadpole shrimp).	Kazacharthra	order
taxon rank	Panagaeus is a genus of ground beetle native to the Holarctic (including Europe), the Near East, and North Africa.	Panagaeus	genus
taxon rank	Protostelium okumukumu is a species of Protostelium.	Protostelium okumukumu	species
taxon rank	Trycherus kinduensis is a species of beetle from the Endomychidae family.	Trycherus kinduensis	species
taxon rank	Nesodes insularis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Nesodes.	Nesodes	species
taxon rank	Colostethus agilis is a species of frog in the family Dendrobatidae.	Colostethus agilis	species
taxon rank	The sole species is Octomeles sumatrana.	Octomeles	species
taxon rank	Ivesia aperta is a species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common name Sierra Valley mousetail.	Ivesia aperta	species
taxon rank	Trachycorystes cratensis is a species of driftwood catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the state of Ceará in the Granjeiro River basin.	Trachycorystes cratensis	species
taxon rank	Indotriplophysa choprai is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Indotriplophysa.	Indotriplophysa choprai	species
taxon rank	Melica patagonica is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that is endemic to South America.	Melica patagonica	species
taxon rank	Scotinotylus alienus is a species of sheet weaver found in Alaska, Canada and Russia.	Scotinotylus alienus	species
taxon rank	It contains only one known species, Rhododon ciliatus, the Texas sandmint endemic to the State of Texas in the United States.	Rhododon	species
taxon rank	Oeceoclades analavelensis is a terrestrial orchid species in the genus Oeceoclades that is endemic to southwestern Madagascar.	Oeceoclades analavelensis	species
taxon rank	Dendrobates is a genus of poison dart frogs native to Central and South America.	Dendrobates	genus
taxon rank	Habenaria macroceratitis (big-horn bog orchid or long-horned false rein orchid) is a species of orchid closely related to H. quinqueseta and often mistaken for it.	Habenaria macroceratitis	species
taxon rank	The Pel's fishing owl (Scotopelia peli) is a large species of owl in the family Strigidae.	Pel's fishing owl	species
taxon rank	Gibbestoloides compacta is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Gibbestoloides.	Gibbestoloides compacta	species
taxon rank	Chilocorus bipustulatus, the heather ladybird, is a beetle species belonging to the family Coccinellidae, subfamily Chilocorinae.	Chilocorus bipustulatus	species
taxon rank	Micropterix cypriensis is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae, and was first described by John Heath in 1985 from specimens collected in Cyprus.	Micropterix cypriensis	species
taxon rank	Mexipedium is a monotypic genus of the Orchid family Orchidaceae, subfamily Cypripedioideae, consisting of only one species, Mexipedium xerophyticum.	Mexipedium	genus
taxon rank	Longitarsus eminus is a species of beetle from the Chrysomelidae family that can be found everywhere in Europe (except Portugal).	Longitarsus eminus	species
taxon rank	Erigeron radicatus is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names Hooker's fleabane and taproot fleabane The species grows in central Canada (Alberta, Saskatchewan) and parts of the north-central United States, primarily the northern Rocky Mountains and the Black Hills.	Erigeron radicatus	species
taxon rank	Astrophytum caput-medusae is an species of cactus native to the Americas.	Astrophytum caput-medusae	species
taxon rank	Glyphyalinia pecki is a species of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Zonitidae.	Glyphyalinia pecki	species
taxon rank	Zorotypus absonus is an extinct species of insect in the genus Zorotypus.	Zorotypus absonus	species
taxon rank	Ophiuridae are a large family of brittle stars of the suborder Ophiurina.	Ophiuridae	family
taxon rank	Bridled Bent-toed Gecko, Cyrtodactylus fraenatus, also known as Sri Lanka Bent-toed Gecko, is a species of gecko endemic to island of Sri Lanka.	Cyrtodactylus fraenatus	species
taxon rank	Chamaelirium is a genus of flowering plants containing the single species Chamaelirium luteum, commonly known as Blazing-Star, Devil's Bit, False Unicorn, Fairy Wand, and Helonias.	Chamaelirium	species
taxon rank	Acyperas aurantiacella is a species of snout moth in the genus Acyperas.	Acyperas aurantiacella	species
taxon rank	Bothriodon is an extinct genus of anthracotheriid artiodactyl from the late Eocene of Asia, Europe, and North America.	Bothriodon	genus
taxon rank	Schiedea attenuata is a rare species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name Kalalau schiedea.	Schiedea attenuata	species
taxon rank	Hymenochirus feae, also known as Gaboon Dwarf Clawed Frog, is a species of frog in the Pipidae family.	Hymenochirus feae	species
taxon rank	Shaw's jird, Meriones shawi, is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Shaw's jird	species
taxon rank	Dacryopinax is a genus of fungi in the Dacrymycetaceae family.	Dacryopinax	genus
taxon rank	Angraecum implicatum is a species of orchid found in Réunion and Madagascar.	Angraecum implicatum	species
taxon rank	Melica amethystina is a grass species in the grass family that can be found in southern Europe.	Melica amethystina	species
taxon rank	Quercus uxoris is an uncommon Mexican species of trees in the beech family.	Quercus uxoris	species
taxon rank	Agonum impressum is a species of ground beetles in the Platyninae subfamily.	Agonum impressum	species
taxon rank	Haplochromis worthingtoni is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Kyoga in Uganda.	Haplochromis worthingtoni	species
taxon rank	Ercolania felina is a minute black species of sacoglossan or sap-sucking sea slug.	Ercolania felina	species
taxon rank	Lycoteuthis lorigera is a species of squid in the genus Lycoteuthis.	Lycoteuthis lorigera	species
taxon rank	Arge cyanocrocea, the bramble sawfly, is a species belonging to the family Argidae subfamily Arginae.	Arge cyanocrocea	species
taxon rank	Leiomitra julacea is a species of liverwort endemic to New Zealand.	Leiomitra julacea	species
taxon rank	Allium phariense is an Asian species of wild onion native to mountainous areas of Bhutan, Sichuan, and Tibet.	Allium phariense	species
taxon rank	Coryphagrion grandis is a species of damselfly found in coastal forests and on the lower slopes of the Eastern Arc Mountains in Kenya, Tanzania and Mozambique.	Coryphagrion grandis	species
taxon rank	Bufonaria echinata, the spiny frog shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Bursidae, the frog shells.	Bufonaria echinata	species
taxon rank	Circaeaster agrestis is a flowering plant species and one of only one to two species in its family, the Circaeasteraceae.	Circaeaster	species
taxon rank	Quercus pungens, commonly known as the sandpaper oak or scrub oak, is a North American species evergreen or sub-evergreen shrub or small tree in the white oak group.	Quercus pungens	species
taxon rank	Archimantis latistyla, commonly known as the large brown mantis (also known as the stick mantis or Australian mantis) is a species of mantid native to Australia.	Archimantis latistyla	species
taxon rank	Recently, researches have shown that species once considered to be Macrognathus aral in Sri Lanka, is actually a separate species, Macrognathus pentophthalmos.	Macrognathus aral	species
taxon rank	Coturnicops is a genus of bird in the rail family.	Coturnicops	genus
taxon rank	Ergalatax contracta, common name : the Contracted Rock Shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Ergalatax contracta	species
taxon rank	Pissodes is a genus of weevils described by Ernst Friedrich Germar in 1817.	Pissodes	genus
taxon rank	Triunia is a genus of medium to tall shrubs or small trees found as understorey plants in rainforests of eastern Australia.	Triunia	genus
taxon rank	Pleuropogon is a genus of Arctic and North American plants in the grass family known generally as semaphore grass.	Pleuropogon	genus
taxon rank	Damasonium alisma is a species of flowering marsh plant known by the common name of starfruit.	Damasonium alisma	species
taxon rank	Astragalus curtipes is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Morro milkvetch.	Astragalus curtipes	species
taxon rank	Howellia aquatilis (water howellia) is a small plant in the family Campanulaceae and is considered to a threatened species since 1994.	Howellia	species
taxon rank	The phylogenetic and genotypic analysis shows that Methylobacillus pratensis is a novel species of the genus Methylobacillus.	Methylobacillus pratensis	species
taxon rank	Galaxea fascicularis is a species of colonial stony coral in the family Oculinidae, commonly known as octopus coral, fluorescence grass coral, galaxy coral among various vernacular names.	Galaxea fascicularis	species
taxon rank	The Scophthalmidae are a family of flatfish found in the North Atlantic Ocean, Baltic Sea, Mediterranean Sea, and Black Sea.	Scophthalmidae	family
taxon rank	Streptomyces eurythermus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from Cuanza in Angola.	Streptomyces eurythermus	species
taxon rank	The Pink Heelsplitter (Potamilus alatus) is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, commonly known as the river mussels.	Potamilus alatus	species
taxon rank	Papilio delalandei is a member of the dardanus species-group.	Papilio delalandei	species
taxon rank	Sinusonasus is a genus of dinosaurs from the Early Cretaceous Period, recovered from the Yixian Formation.	Sinusonasus	genus
taxon rank	Ligusticum apiifolium is a species of plant in the carrot family known by the common names celery-leafed lovage and celery-leaf licorice-root.	Ligusticum apiifolium	species
taxon rank	Sirenia (commonly referred to as sea cows) are an order of fully aquatic, herbivorous mammals that inhabit swamps, rivers, estuaries, marine wetlands, and coastal marine waters.	Sirenia	order
taxon rank	Heliopsis decumbens is a rare South American species of flowering plant in the family sunflower family.	Heliopsis decumbens	species
taxon rank	Salacca ramosiana is a species of palm in the genus Salacca.	Salacca ramosiana	species
taxon rank	Cnemosioma innominata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Cnemosioma.	Cnemosioma innominata	species
taxon rank	Cibaomyces is an agaric fungal genus found in China, Japan, France, and Germany in forests containing Fagaceae.	Cibaomyces	genus
taxon rank	Eschmeyer nexus is a species of cofish known only from the Pacific Ocean from near Fiji where it is found at depths of from 27 to 43 metres (89 to 141 ft).	Eschmeyer nexus	species
taxon rank	Neurachne, commonly called mulga grass, is a genus of Australian plants in the grass family.	Neurachne	genus
taxon rank	Xylosteus a genus of beetles of the Staphylinidae family, Lepturinae subfamily.	Xylosteus	genus
taxon rank	It contains the single species Achroosia nuda, which is found in Brazil (Espiritu Santo).	Achroosia	species
taxon rank	Tagetes campanulata is a South American species of plants in the sunflower family.	Tagetes campanulata	species
taxon rank	Epilepia melanobrunnea is a species of snout moth in the genus Epilepia.	Epilepia melanobrunnea	species
taxon rank	Scleria afroreflexa is a species of flowering plant in the family Cyperaceae family.	Scleria afroreflexa	species
taxon rank	The Cinchoneae are a tribe of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family containing about 125 species in 9 genera.	Cinchoneae	tribe
taxon rank	Carsidaridae is a bug family in the superfamily Psylloidea.	Carsidaridae	family
taxon rank	Amelanchier australis is a plant species native to Mexico and New Mexico.	Amelanchier australis	species
taxon rank	Guildfordia triumphans, common name the triumphant star turban, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.	Guildfordia triumphans	species
taxon rank	Camposiellina sulfureopicta is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Camposiellina.	Camposiellina sulfureopicta	species
taxon rank	Geosmithia morbida is a species of anamorphic fungus that causes thousand cankers disease in species of walnut trees (Juglans spp.)	Geosmithia morbida	species
taxon rank	Titanopsis is a genus of about 10 species of succulent plants of the family Aizoaceae, indigenous to the arid regions of South Africa and Namibia.	Titanopsis	genus
taxon rank	Lechriodus melanopyga, the Wokan Cannibal Frog, is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.	Lechriodus melanopyga	species
taxon rank	Campaea honoraria, known commonly as the embellished thorn, is a species of moth in the Geometridae family.	Campaea honoraria	species
taxon rank	Ichthyophis is a genus of caecilians (limbless amphibians, sometimes called the Asian caecilians) found in Southeast Asia, the southern Philippines, and the western Indo-Australian Archipelago.	Ichthyophis	genus
taxon rank	Ilex brachyphylla is a type of Holly - a species of plant in the Aquifoliaceae family.	Ilex brachyphylla	species
taxon rank	Genidens is a genus of sea catfishes found along the Atlantic coast of South America.	Genidens	genus
taxon rank	Littorina sitkana is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Littorinidae, the winkles.	Littorina sitkana	species
taxon rank	Acidimicrobium is a genus of Actinobacteria, given its own subclass (Acidimicrobidae).	Acidimicrobium	genus
taxon rank	Metriopelia is a genus of ground doves containing four species that live in the dry, upland habitats along the Andean mountain chain in South America.	Metriopelia	genus
taxon rank	The first Cassin's sparrow was described in 1852 by Samuel W. Woodhouse from a specimen collected near San Antonio, Texas, and given its species name in honor of John Cassin, a Philadelphia ornithologist.	Cassin's sparrow	species
taxon rank	Hollowaya is a genus of tiger moths in the Erebidae family and is strictly endemic for New Caledonia.	Hollowaya	genus
taxon rank	Neofabricia is a genus of shrubs and small trees in the Myrtaceae family, first described as a genus in 1788, with the name Fabricia.	Neofabricia	genus
taxon rank	Catathelasma imperiale is a large species of mushroom in the Tricholomataceae family.	Catathelasma imperiale	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Syngeneta sordida, which is found in Tanzania.	Syngeneta	species
taxon rank	Arixeniidae is a family of earwigs; it is the only family in the suborder Arixeniina (one of the four suborders of the order Dermaptera).	Arixeniidae	family
taxon rank	Coluber vittacaudatus is a species of snake found in Darjeeling, India.	Coluber vittacaudatus	species
taxon rank	Inocybe salicis is an uncommon species of fungus found in association with willow in Europe.	Inocybe salicis	species
taxon rank	In taxonomy, Treubaria is a genus of green algae, specifically of the Treubariaceae.	Treubaria	genus
taxon rank	Tiliacora triandra is a species of flowering plant native to mainland Southeast Asia and used particularly in the cuisines of northeast Thailand and Laos.	Tiliacora triandra	species
taxon rank	Abralia grimpei is a species of enoploteuthid cephalopod known from the western North Atlantic Ocean, including the West Indies and the Sargasso Sea.	Abralia grimpei	species
taxon rank	Haliotis kamtschatkana, common name the northern abalone or pinto abalone, is a species of large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae, the abalones.	Haliotis kamtschatkana	species
taxon rank	Eoborus fusiforme is a fossil species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Strophocheilidae, from the Paleocene deposits of the Itaboraí Basin, in the state of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.	Eoborus fusiforme	species
taxon rank	Omiodes telegrapha, the telegraphic hedyleptan moth, is a species of moth in the Crambidae family.	Omiodes telegrapha	species
taxon rank	The clade Sauria was traditionally a suborder for lizards which originally (before 1800) comprised crocodilians too.	Sauria	suborder
taxon rank	Aboriginella is an extinct genus of brachiopod found in Aksayan to Batyrbaian strata in Kazakhstan.	Aboriginella	genus
taxon rank	Melanochromis dialeptos is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known from rocky habitats near Masinje.	Melanochromis dialeptos	species
taxon rank	Belonopelta is a Neotropical genus of ants in the subfamily Ponerinae.	Belonopelta	genus
taxon rank	Bathymophila is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Solariellidae.	Bathymophila	genus
taxon rank	Euonymus pendulus (syn. E. lucidus D.Don) is a species of Euonymus native to the Himalaya region, from Pakistan east to northern Assam.	Euonymus pendulus	species
taxon rank	Plateosaurus (probably meaning ``broad lizard'', often mistranslated as ``flat lizard'') is a genus of plateosaurid dinosaur that lived during the Late Triassic period, around 214 to 204 million years ago, in what is now Central and Northern Europe.	Plateosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Cardiograptus is a genus of graptolite, which is easily recognised even when poorly preserved by the form of the thecae.	Cardiograptus	genus
taxon rank	Anacanthobatis is a genus of smooth skates native to the Indian, Atlantic and Pacific oceans.	Anacanthobatis	genus
taxon rank	Wild rice (also called Canada rice, Indian rice, and water oats) are four species of grasses forming the genus Zizania, and the grain that can be harvested from them.	Wild rice	genus
taxon rank	Hedleya macleayi is a species of land snails with an operculum, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Pupinidae and the superfamily Cyclophoridae.	Hedleya macleayi	species
taxon rank	Millettia nitida is a legume species in the genus Millettia.	Millettia nitida	species
taxon rank	Plectranthias is a genus of rather small serranid fishes with large mouths and eyes close together.	Plectranthias	genus
taxon rank	Langloisia setosissima (bristly langloisia, bristly-calico, Great Basin langloisia or lilac sunbonnets) is a flowering plant, the sole species in the genus Langloisia in the family Polemoniaceae.	Langloisia	species
taxon rank	Cindarella is genus of trilobite-like Cambrian arthropod known from the Chengjiang biota of China.	Cindarella	genus
taxon rank	Blethisa is a genus of ground beetle native to the Palearctic.	Blethisa	genus
taxon rank	Mesobuthus eupeus is a polymorphic scorpion species belonging to the well-known family Buthidae.	Mesobuthus eupeus	species
taxon rank	Actinotocarcinus is an extinct genus of crab.	Actinotocarcinus	genus
taxon rank	Arenocoris fallenii is a herbivorous species of True Bug in the family Coreidae.	Arenocoris fallenii	species
taxon rank	Ralfsia verrucosa is a species of crustose brown seaweed in the family Ralfsiaceae.	Ralfsia verrucosa	species
taxon rank	Pterocryptis furnessi is a species of catfish in the Siluridae family (the sheatfishes) endemic to Malaysia, where it occurs in the Niah and Baram river basins in Sarawak, on the island of Borneo.	Pterocryptis furnessi	species
taxon rank	Xerocomus subtomentosus, commonly known as suede bolete, brown and yellow bolet, boring brown bolete or yellow-cracked bolete, is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae.	Xerocomus subtomentosus	species
taxon rank	Calomeria is a plant genus in the dandelion family.	Calomeria	genus
taxon rank	Xenasmatella is a genus of corticioid fungi in the order Polyporales.	Xenasmatella	genus
taxon rank	Octodontotherium is an extinct genus of ground sloth of the family Mylodontidae, endemic to South America during the Oligocene-Miocene.	Octodontotherium	genus
taxon rank	Amphitherium is an extinct genus of holotherian mammal that lived during the Middle Jurassic period.	Amphitherium	genus
taxon rank	Turbo argyrostomus, common name the silver-mouthed turban, is a species of sea snail, marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae.	Turbo argyrostomus	species
taxon rank	Progradungula otwayensis, commonly known as the odd-clawed spider, is a species of cribellate spider endemic to the Great Otway National Park of Victoria, Australia.	Progradungula otwayensis	species
taxon rank	Brachysternaster chesheri is a species of sea urchins of the Family Paleopneustina incertae sedis B. Their armour is covered with spines.	Brachysternaster chesheri	species
taxon rank	Pseudochazara lydia (Staudinger 1878) is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family.	Pseudochazara lydia	species
taxon rank	Hylocharis is a genus of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.	Hylocharis	genus
taxon rank	Gadilida is an order of very small tusk shells, marine scaphopod molluscs.	Gadilida	order
taxon rank	Atriplex plebeja is a species of plant in the Chenopodiaceae family.	Atriplex plebeja	species
taxon rank	Malinae (incorrectly Pyrinae) is the name for the apple subtribe in the rose family, Rosaceae.	Malinae	subtribe
taxon rank	Plagiobothrys mollis is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name soft popcornflower.	Plagiobothrys mollis	species
taxon rank	Rodgersia pinnata is a species of flowering plant in the family Saxifragaceae, native to the Sichuan and Yunnan provinces of China.	Rodgersia pinnata	species
taxon rank	Oberea curtilineata is a species of longhorn beetle in the tribe Saperdini in the genus Oberea, discovered by Pic in 1915.	Oberea curtilineata	species
taxon rank	Pitcairnia aurea is a plant species in the genus Pitcairnia.	Pitcairnia aurea	species
taxon rank	The Halfmoon picassofish species is often also named Halfmoon triggerfish.	Halfmoon triggerfish	species
taxon rank	Dendrochirus is a genus of scorpionfishes that are mostly known as dwarf lionfishes.	Dendrochirus	genus
taxon rank	Taxillus kaempferi (Chinese: 小叶钝果寄生 xiao ye dun guo ji sheng) is a parasitic plant species in the genus Taxillus found in China (Anhui, Fujian, W Hubei, S Jiangxi, Sichuan, S Zhejiang), Bhutan and Japan.	Taxillus kaempferi	species
taxon rank	Xyliphius kryptos is a species of banjo catfish endemic to Venezuela where it is found in the Lake Maracaibo basin.	Xyliphius kryptos	species
taxon rank	Phalium areola, common name the checkerboard bonnet, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the subfamily Cassinae, within the family Cassidae the helmet and bonnet shells.	Phalium areola	species
taxon rank	Chrysobrycon is a genus of characins endemic to South America.	Chrysobrycon	genus
taxon rank	Rostanga aliusrubens is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Discodorididae.	Rostanga aliusrubens	species
taxon rank	The Seram friarbird (Philemon subcorniculatus), also known as the grey-necked friarbird, Ceram friarbird, grey-necked honeyeater and gray-necked honeyeater, is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family.	Seram friarbird	species
taxon rank	Prosopis kuntzei (synonym Prosopis casadensis) is a South American leguminous tree species that inhabits the westernmost Gran Chaco forests covering areas of Argentina, Bolivia, and Paraguay, where it acts as natural component.	Prosopis kuntzei	species
taxon rank	Yaverlandia is a genus of theropod dinosaur.	Yaverlandia	genus
taxon rank	Nassa francolina, common name : the Francolina Jopas, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae, the nassa mud snails .	Nassa francolina	species
taxon rank	Austrolittorina unifasciata, common name the banded periwinkle, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae, the winkles or periwinkles.	Austrolittorina unifasciata	species
taxon rank	Sphaerotheca maskeyi is a species of frog in the Ranidae family found in Nepal and possibly Bhutan and India.	Sphaerotheca maskeyi	species
taxon rank	Aethes biscana, the reddish aethes, is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae.	Aethes biscana	species
taxon rank	Persicaria hydropiperoides is a New World species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common names swamp smartweed and false waterpepper.	Persicaria hydropiperoides	species
taxon rank	Rangaeris is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae, naive to sub-Saharan Africa.	Rangaeris	genus
taxon rank	The genus consists of the single species Styletoctopus annae, which lived approximately 95 million years ago.	Styletoctopus	species
taxon rank	Sclerotium cepivorum is the asexual reproductive form of Stromatinia cepivora and is a plant pathogen, causing white rot in Allium species, particularly onions, leeks, and garlic.	Stromatinia cepivora	species
taxon rank	Rhagoletis ochraspis is a species of tephritid or fruit fly in the genus Rhagoletis of the family Tephritidae.	Rhagoletis ochraspis	species
taxon rank	Begonia nelumbiifolia is a species of flowering plant in the Begoniaceae family.	Begonia nelumbiifolia	species
taxon rank	The family Dimeroceratidae was established for the genus Dimeroceras which was previously included in the Cheiloceratidae in the Treatise on Invertebrate Paleontology Part L, but differing from the similar subglublar to thickly lentiuclar Cheiloceras in having a large lateral lobe and the umbilical lobe outside the umbilucus.	Dimeroceratidae	family
taxon rank	Uropeltis dindigalensis, commonly known as the Sirumalai Hills earth snake or the Dindigul Uropeltis, is a species of snake in the family Uropeltidae.	Uropeltis dindigalensis	species
taxon rank	Chicoreus maurus, common name the Maurus murex, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Chicoreus maurus	species
taxon rank	Mutilla europaea is a species of parasitoid wasp belonging to the family Mutillidae.	Mutilla europaea	species
taxon rank	Pteris tripartita is a species of fern native to Africa, Indonesia, and the Marquesas.	Pteris tripartita	species
taxon rank	Dipodium is a genus of about 25 species of orchids native to tropical, subtropical and temperate regions of south-east Asia, New Guinea, the Pacific Islands and Australia.	Dipodium	genus
taxon rank	Christianoconcha quintalia is a species of small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Punctidae, the dot snails.	Christianoconcha quintalia	species
taxon rank	Neocorestheta baloghi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Neocorestheta.	Neocorestheta baloghi	species
taxon rank	The Pelagornithidae, commonly called pelagornithids, pseudodontorns, bony-toothed birds, false-toothed birds or pseudotooth birds, are a prehistoric family of large seabirds.	Pelagornithidae	family
taxon rank	Crenicichla is a genus of cichlids native to South America commonly known as the Pike cichlids.	Crenicichla	genus
taxon rank	Nephelomys pirrensis, also known as the Mount Pirre rice rat, is a species of rodent in the genus Nephelomys of family Cricetidae.	Nephelomys pirrensis	species
taxon rank	Scirpus pendulus is a species of flowering plant in the sedge family known by the common names pendulous bulrush, rufous bulrush, and nodding bulrush.	Scirpus pendulus	species
taxon rank	Ophiogomphus howei, the pygmy snaketail, is a species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae.	Ophiogomphus howei	species
taxon rank	Aethalochroa insignis, common name Indian stick mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in India that was originally identified as a variety of A. ashmoliana.	Aethalochroa insignis	species
taxon rank	Hiekeia pedunculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Hiekeia.	Hiekeia pedunculata	species
taxon rank	Encephalartos pterogonus is a species of cycad that is native to Mount Mruwere (Monte Urueri) and adjacent mountains in the Manica province of Mozambique.	Encephalartos pterogonus	species
taxon rank	Lophyra is a genus of predatory beetles in the family Carabidae capable of flight.	Lophyra	genus
taxon rank	Garra notata, the Tenasserim garra, is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Garra.	Garra notata	species
taxon rank	Paralcidion bilineatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Paralcidion.	Paralcidion	species
taxon rank	Ryuthela nishihirai is a species of spider in the family Liphistiidae.	Ryuthela nishihirai	species
taxon rank	The Wyoming ground squirrel (Urocitellus elegans) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	Wyoming ground squirrel	species
taxon rank	Lysimachia punctata, the dotted loosestrife, large yellow loosestrife or spotted loosestrife, is a plant species in the genus Lysimachia.	Lysimachia punctata	species
taxon rank	Algrizea is a genus in the plant family Myrtaceae first described as a genus in 2006.	Algrizea	genus
taxon rank	Hypselodoris iacula is a species of very colourful sea slug or dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.	Hypselodoris iacula	species
taxon rank	The Guatemala plateau frog (Rana macroglossa) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.	Guatemala plateau frog	species
taxon rank	Acanthocalyx delavayi is a small perennial plant species that grows in stony ground.	Acanthocalyx delavayi	species
taxon rank	Hemerocallis citrina, common names citron daylily and long yellow day lily, is a species of herbaceous perennial plant in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae.	Hemerocallis citrina	species
taxon rank	Rhododendron veitchianum is a rhododendron species native to Burma, Thailand, and Laos, where it grows at altitudes of 900-2400 meters.	Rhododendron veitchianum	species
taxon rank	Agave gracilipes, common names Maguey de pastizal or Slimfoot Century Plant, is a plant species native to western Texas, southern New Mexico and Chihuahua.	Agave gracilipes	species
taxon rank	Tessaria is a genus of South American plants in the stinkwort tribe within the daisy family.	Tessaria	genus
taxon rank	Mertensophryne usambarae (common name: Usambara forest toad) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Mertensophryne usambarae	species
taxon rank	Calliandra angustifolia is a small, riparian tree species of the Amazon Basin.	Calliandra angustifolia	species
taxon rank	Allosaurus (/ˌæləˈsɔːrəs/) is a genus of large theropod dinosaur that lived 155 to 150 million years ago during the late Jurassic period (Kimmeridgian to early Tithonian).	Allosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Rubia cordifolia, often known as common madder or Indian madder, is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family, Rubiaceae.	Rubia cordifolia	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Spororminula tenerifae.	Spororminula	species
taxon rank	Spathiopterygidae is an extinct family of wasp.	Spathiopterygidae	family
taxon rank	Discoteuthis discus is a species of squid in the family Cycloteuthidae.	Discoteuthis discus	species
taxon rank	Estaingia bilobata is a species of trilobite from the lower Cambrian period.	Estaingia bilobata	species
taxon rank	Psathyrotes ramosissima is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name velvet turtleback, or turtleback.	Psathyrotes ramosissima	species
taxon rank	Dendronephthya klunzingeri is a species of soft coral in the family Nephtheidae.	Dendronephthya klunzingeri	species
taxon rank	The Solomons white ibis or Solomon Islands white ibis (Threskiornis molucca pygmaeus), known locally as the tagoa, is a distinct, dwarf subspecies of the Australian white ibis.	Solomons white ibis	subspecies
taxon rank	Proteroiulus hispanus is a species of millipede in the genus Proteroiulus.	Proteroiulus hispanus	species
taxon rank	Apollonias barbujana , the canary laurel or barbusano, is perhaps the only species of flowering plants belonging to the Apollonias genus, in the laurel family, Lauraceae.	Apollonias barbujana	species
taxon rank	Mesolambdolophus is an extinct genus of small odd-toed ungulate known from the Bridgerian North American Stage (late Early to early Middle Eocene) of Wyoming, USA.	Mesolambdolophus	genus
taxon rank	Boerhavia coccinea is a species of flowering plant in the four o'clock family which is known by many common names, including scarlet spiderling, red boerhavia, hogweed, and in Spanish, hierba del cancer and hierba de la hormiga.	Boerhavia coccinea	species
taxon rank	Chamaecyparis lawsoniana, known as Port Orford cedar or Lawson cypress, is a species of conifer in the genus Chamaecyparis, family Cupressaceae, native to Oregon and California.	Chamaecyparis lawsoniana	species
taxon rank	Mezium affine is a species of beetle in the family Anobiidae.	Mezium affine	species
taxon rank	Corumbataia is a genus of armored catfishes native to South America where they are only known from Brazil.	Corumbataia	genus
taxon rank	Madia sativa, known by the common names coast tarweed and Chilean tarweed, is a species of flowering plant in the aster family found in parts of western North and South America.	Madia sativa	species
taxon rank	Conus virgatus, common name the virgate Panama cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus virgatus	species
taxon rank	Astragalus falcatus is a species of milkvetch known by the common names Russian milkvetch, sickle milkvetch, sicklepod milkvetch, and silverleaf milkvetch.	Astragalus falcatus	species
taxon rank	Scotinotylus alpinus is a species of sheet weaver found in Canada, Greenland, Mongolia, Russia and the United States.	Scotinotylus alpinus	species
taxon rank	Obutobea chrysophora is a species of snout moth, and the only species in the genus Obutobea.	Obutobea chrysophora	species
taxon rank	Nemamyxine is a genus of hagfish.	Nemamyxine	genus
taxon rank	Longodus is an extinct genus of thelodont, placed in its own family --	Longodus	genus
taxon rank	Pilumnus hirtellus, the bristly crab or hairy crab, is a species of European crab.	Pilumnus hirtellus	species
taxon rank	Neuroglossum is a genus of marine red algae.	Neuroglossum	genus
taxon rank	Acropyga glaesaria is an extinct species of ant in the subfamily Formicinae known from a group of possibly Miocene fossils found on Hispaniola.	Acropyga glaesaria	species
taxon rank	Cherninia is an extinct genus of mastodonsauroid temnospondyl.	Cherninia	genus
taxon rank	Cudonigera houstonana, the juniper budworm moth, is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.	Cudonigera houstonana	species
taxon rank	Galium circaezans, common name licorice bedstraw, is a plant species in the Rubiaceae.	Galium circaezans	species
taxon rank	Anisomeles, with common name catmint, is a genus of herbaceous plants of the family Lamiaceae first described in 1810.	Anisomeles	genus
taxon rank	Limonium arborescens is a species of sea lavender known by the common name tree limonium and siempreviva.	Limonium arborescens	species
taxon rank	Brahmaea japonica, the Japanese owl moth, is a species of moth of the Brahmaeidae family.	Brahmaea japonica	species
taxon rank	Herpele squalostoma is a species of amphibian in the Herpelidae family.	Herpele squalostoma	species
taxon rank	Sphingobacteriia, Kämpfer 2011, is a taxonomic class composed of a single order of environmental bacteria that are capable of producing sphingolipids.	Sphingobacteriia	class
taxon rank	Daruma sagamia is a species of sculpin native to the Pacific Ocean waters around Japan.	Daruma sagamia	species
taxon rank	There are many species in the plant genus Cynoglossum (/ˌsɪnoʊˈɡlɒsəm, ˌsaɪ-, -nə-/).	Cynoglossum	genus
taxon rank	Evorthodus is a genus of gobies native to the Atlantic coast from Chesapeake Bay, USA, to northern South America and along the Pacific coast of Panama and Ecuador.	Evorthodus	genus
taxon rank	Kurixalus naso (common names: uphill tree frog, long-snouted treefrog, Annandale's high altitude frog) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.	Kurixalus naso	species
taxon rank	Houstonia acerosa, the New Mexico bluet or needleleaf bluet, is a plant species native to Chihuahua, Coahuila, Nuevo León, Tamaulipas, San Luis Potosí, Texas and New Mexico.	Houstonia acerosa	species
taxon rank	The Egyptian weasel (Mustela subpalmata) is a species of weasel that lives in northern Egypt.	Egyptian weasel	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Fluminicola bipolaris.	Fluminicola bipolaris	species
taxon rank	Gracilidris humiloides is an extinct species of ant in the genus Gracilidris.	Gracilidris humiloides	species
taxon rank	Wyethia longicaulis is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Humboldt mule's ears.	Wyethia longicaulis	species
taxon rank	Burnupia ingae is a species of minute freshwater snail or limpet, an aquatic gastropod mollusc or micromollusk that is traditionally placed in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails and their allies.	Burnupia ingae	species
taxon rank	Lomatium erythrocarpum, known by the common name redfruit desertparsley, is a rare species of flowering plant in the carrot family.	Lomatium erythrocarpum	species
taxon rank	Indognorimus costipennis is a species of scarab beetle in the family of Cetoniinae.	Indognorimus costipennis	species
taxon rank	Idotea is a genus of isopod crustaceans, mostly from cold temperate waters.	Idotea	genus
voice type	Jan Kobow (born 1966) is a German classical tenor in concert, Lied, and Baroque opera.	Jan Kobow	tenor
voice type	Gabriela Eibenová is a Czech soprano in opera and concert, specializing in music of the Baroque and classical period in historically informed performance.	Gabriela Eibenová	soprano
voice type	José Sosa Esquivel (March 22, 1923 in Santiago de Querétaro, Querétaro -- June 15, 1968 in Tampico, Mexico) was a Mexican tenor.	José Sosa Esquivel	tenor
voice type	Antonietta Meneghel (27 June 1893 -- 26 January 1975), better known by her stage name Toti Dal Monte, was a celebrated Italian operatic soprano.	Toti Dal Monte	soprano
voice type	Aile Asszonyi (born 22 July 1975 in Väike-Maarja) is an Estonian soprano lirico-spinto who has an active career as an opera and concert singer.	Aile Asszonyi	soprano
voice type	Audrey Mildmay (19 December 1900 -- 31 May 1953) was an English and Canadian soprano and co-founder, with her husband, John Christie, of Glyndebourne Festival Opera.	Audrey Mildmay	soprano
voice type	Gerd Nienstedt (10 July 1932 -- 14 August 1993) was a German and Austrian opera singer, bass and bass-baritone.	Gerd Nienstedt	bass
voice type	Ada Cherry Kearton (born Ada Forrest; 17 July 1877 -- 19 January 1966) was a South African classical soprano who sang in concert and oratorio.	Ada Cherry Kearton	soprano
voice type	Thomas Davis Cunningham (May 7, 1916 -- June 19, 1984) was an American tenor who had prominent career in operas, musicals, concerts, and on television from 1949 through 1973.	Davis Cunningham	tenor
voice type	Christiane Karg (born 6 August 1980 in FeuchtwangenGermany) is a soprano opera singer.	Christiane Karg	soprano
voice type	Eduard Haken (22 March 1910 -- 12 January 1996, Prague) was a Czech operatic bass who had a lengthy career at the National Theatre in Prague during the 20th century.	Eduard Haken	bass
voice type	Vincenzo Calvesi (fl. 1777--1811) was an Italian operatic tenor and impresario.	Vincenzo Calvesi	tenor
voice type	Melanie Kurt (January 8, 1880 in Vienna -- March 11, 1941 in New York City) was an Austrian opera singer (soprano).	Melanie Kurt	soprano
voice type	Topi Lehtipuu (born 24 March 1971 in Brisbane, Australia) is a Finnish operatic tenor.	Topi Lehtipuu	tenor
voice type	Gaetano Ricciolini (27 August 1778, Florence -- 9 October 1845, Rio de Janeiro) was an Italian bass-baritone and a choreographer who helped introduce opera and dance in South America.	Gaetano Ricciolini	baritone
voice type	Mario Filippeschi (June 7, 1907, Montefoscoli - December 25, 1979, Florence) was an Italian tenor, particularly associated with the Italian repertory, renowned for his ringing upper register.	Mario Filippeschi	tenor
voice type	Renée Fleming (born February 14, 1959) is an American opera singer and soprano whose repertoire encompasses Richard Strauss, Mozart, Handel, bel canto, lieder, French opera and chansons, jazz and indie rock.	Renée Fleming	soprano
voice type	Brenda Boozer (born January 25, 1948) is an American mezzo-soprano who has had an active international career performing in operas and concerts since the mid 1970s.	Brenda Boozer	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Joseph Carl Breil (29 June 1870 -- 23 January 1926) was an American lyric tenor, stage director, composer and conductor.	Joseph Carl Breil	tenor
voice type	Mats Lillhannus (born 1972 Korsholm, Finland) is a Finnish tenor singer.	Mats Lillhannus	tenor
voice type	Agnès Mellon is a French soprano who specializes in baroque music.	Agnès Mellon	soprano
voice type	Graziella Pareto (May 15, 1889 -- September 1, 1973) was a Catalan soprano leggiero, one of the leading sopranos of the inter-war years.	Graziella Pareto	soprano
voice type	Susan Eichhorn Young is a Canadian soprano, actress, voice-over artist, voice teacher, and writer.	Susan Eichhorn Young	soprano
voice type	Bernhard Bötel (1883--1953) was a German operatic tenor and actor who had an active career in Germany and Austria during the first half of the 20th century.	Bernhard Bötel	tenor
voice type	Ivan Kusnjer (born 1951 in Rokycany) is a leading Czech baritone.	Ivan Kusnjer	baritone
voice type	Dorothy Dow (8 October 1920 -- 26 February 2005) was an American classical soprano who had an active international career in concerts, operas, and recitals during the 1940s through the 1960s.	Dorothy Dow	soprano
voice type	Anthony Laciura (born September 27, 1951) is an American operatic tenor, noted for his abilities as a comprimario and actor.	Anthony Laciura	tenor
voice type	Paul Kandel (born February 15, 1951) is an American musical theatre actor and tenor singer best known for his only film role in Disney's The Hunchback of Notre Dame (1996) as the voice of the Gypsy leader Clopin.	Paul Kandel	tenor
voice type	Lucilla Udovich (September 7, 1930 -- September 23, 1999) was an American soprano of Croatian ancestry.	Lucilla Udovich	soprano
voice type	Marta Domingo (née Ornelas) is a Mexican opera soprano, stage director and designer.	Marta Domingo	soprano
voice type	Alice Gentle (June 30, 1885, Chatsworth, Illinois - February 28, 1958, Oakland, California) was an American operatic mezzo-soprano.	Alice Gentle	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Brett Polegato (born 1968 in Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada) is an operatic baritone.	Brett Polegato	baritone
voice type	Rosetta Pampanini (2 September 1896 -- 2 August 1973) was an Italian soprano, particularly associated with Puccini roles, especially Madama Butterfly.	Rosetta Pampanini	soprano
voice type	Lucille Tostée (probably died 1874), was a French soprano, associated with opéra-bouffe in Paris and the USA in the mid-19th century, particularly in the works of Offenbach.	Lucille Tostée	soprano
voice type	Franz Fehringer (7 September 1910, Nussloch - 15 March 1988, Heidelberg) was a German operatic tenor, particularly associated with light lyric roles in the German, Italian, and French repertories.	Franz Fehringer	tenor
voice type	Edith Mathis (born 11 February 1938) is a Swiss soprano and a leading exponent of the works of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.	Edith Mathis	soprano
voice type	Aksel Schiøtz (1 September 1906 -- 19 April 1975) was a Danish tenor and later baritone, who was considered one of Europe's leading lieder singers of the post-World War II period.	Aksel Schiøtz	tenor	baritone
voice type	Gabriel-Vincent Thévenard (10 August 1669 - 24 August 1741) was a French operatic baritone (basse taille).	Gabriel-Vincent Thévenard	baritone
voice type	Franz Anton Spitzeder (1735--1796) was a German tenor and keyboard teacher.	Franz Anton Spitzeder	tenor
voice type	Marta Krásová (16 March 1901 -- 20 February 1970) was a Czech operatic mezzo-soprano who had an active international career with major opera houses in Europe from 1922--1966.	Marta Krásová	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Fernando Carpi (22 January 1876 -- 3 August 1959) was an Italian operatic tenor and later professor of singing.	Fernando Carpi	tenor
voice type	Jean Kraft (January 9, 1940) is an American operatic mezzo-soprano.	Jean Kraft	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Walter Cassel (May 15, 1910 -- July 3, 2000) was a renowned American operatic baritone and actor.	Walter Cassel	baritone
voice type	Gustave Huberdeau (10 May 1874 -- 31 May 1945) was a French operatic bass-baritone who had a prolific career in Europe and the United States during the first quarter of the twentieth century.	Gustave Huberdeau	baritone
voice type	Clara Petrella (March 28, 1914 in Greco Milanese -- November 19, 1987 in Milan) was an Italian operatic soprano, particularly associated with the Italian repertory, an outstanding singing-actress nicknamed the ``Duse of Singers''.	Clara Petrella	soprano
voice type	Nolan Van Way (born January 31, 1931) is an American operatic baritone and tenor whose stage career, in opera and Broadway musicals, spanned half a century.	Nolan Van Way	tenor
voice type	Susanna Andersson (born December 7, 1977) is a Swedish soprano and the winner of the 2003 Guildhall School of Music and Drama's Gold Medal Competition.	Susanna Andersson	soprano
voice type	Robert Merwald (born 1971 in Munich) is a German baritone active in opera, oratorio, and lied, primarily in Germany and Austria.	Robert Merwald	baritone
voice type	Patricia Brooks (November 7, 1937 -- January 22, 1993), was a lyric soprano, actress, and opera singer, who performed primarily with the New York City Opera.	Patricia Brooks	soprano
voice type	Francesco Albanese (13 August 1912, Torre del Greco, Naples -- 11 June 2005, Rome) was a lyric tenor, particularly associated with the Italian repertory.	Francesco Albanese	tenor
voice type	María-Luz Álvarez (Madrid) is a Spanish soprano known for performance and recording of early music.	María-Luz Álvarez	soprano
voice type	Inge Borkh (born 26 May 1917 or 1921) is a German soprano.	Inge Borkh	soprano
voice type	Jean-Émile Diogène Marcoux (June 12, 1877 -- October 22, 1962) was a French operatic bass-baritone, known professionally as Vanni Marcoux (sometimes hyphenated as Vanni-Marcoux).	Vanni Marcoux	bass
voice type	Willy Clément was a French baritone (born in Cairo on 19 July 1918, died in Paris on 7 March 1965), who was noted in light baritone roles and operetta.	Willy Clément	baritone
voice type	Justino Díaz (born January 29, 1940) is a Puerto Rican operatic bass-baritone.	Justino Díaz	bass
voice type	César Vezzani (8 August 1888 -- 11 November 1951) was a French/Corsican operatic tenor who became a leading exponent of French grand opera through several decades.	César Vezzani	tenor
voice type	Khori Dastoor is an American operatic soprano and actress.	Khori Dastoor	soprano
voice type	Martha Mödl (22 March 1912, Nuremberg -- 17 December 2001, Stuttgart) was a German soprano, and later a mezzo-soprano.	Martha Mödl	soprano	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Mýa possesses a mezzo-soprano vocal range which spans approximately three octaves and four notes (B2-F6) & The Whistle Register (as used in ``Go Hard or Go Home''.)	Mýa	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Giovanni Guicciardi (12 January 1819 -- 4 October 1883) was an Italian opera singer who sang leading baritone roles in the opera houses of Italy and Portugal.	Giovanni Guicciardi	baritone
voice type	Angel Blue (born May 3, 1984) born Angel Joy Blue is an American operatic soprano and classical crossover artist.	Angel Blue	soprano
voice type	Nedda Casei (born September 9, 1932) is an operatic mezzo-soprano.	Nedda Casei	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Eileen Küpper is a South Africa-born soprano singer, known for her work with metal bands Therion and The Kovenant.	Eileen Küpper	soprano
voice type	Wolfgang Brendel (born 20 October 1947, in Munich) is a German opera singer (baritone), and a professor of voice at the Munich Hochschule für Musik und Theater.	Wolfgang Brendel	baritone
voice type	Inez Fabbri (26 January 1831 -- 30 August 1909), née Agnes Schmidt, was an Austrian American soprano, voice teacher and impresaria.	Inez Fabbri	soprano
voice type	Miroslav Dvorský (born 16 May 1960) is a Slovak operatic tenor of international renown who has had an active career since the early 1980s.	Miroslav Dvorský	tenor
voice type	Evelyn Herlitzius (born 27 April 1963) is a German opera singer, a dramatic soprano.	Evelyn Herlitzius	soprano
voice type	Vasco Campagnano (1910--1976) was an Italian operatic tenor, particularly associated with the Italian repertory.	Vasco Campagnano	tenor
voice type	Simone Alaimo (born 3 February 1950) is an Italian bass-baritone.	Simone Alaimo	bass-baritone
voice type	Cynthia Haymon-Coleman is an American soprano, born September 6, 1958 in Jacksonville, Florida.	Cynthia Haymon	soprano
voice type	Selma Kurz (October 15, 1874 in Biala, Galicia -- May 10, 1933 in Vienna) was an Austrian operatic soprano known for her brilliant coloratura technique.	Selma Kurz	soprano
voice type	Zulma Madeleine Boufflar, known as Zulma Bouffar, (24 May 1841 - 20 January 1909), was a French actress and soprano singer, associated with the opéra-bouffe of Paris in the second half of the 19th century who enjoyed a successful career around Europe.	Zulma Bouffar	soprano
voice type	Pietro Spagnoli (born 22 January 1964) is an Italian operatic baritone, born in Rome.	Pietro Spagnoli	baritone
voice type	Sarah Brightman (born 14 August 1960) is an English classical crossover soprano, actress, songwriter and dancer.	Sarah Brightman	soprano
voice type	Guan Guimin is an award-winning operatic tenor who rose to fame in China in the 1980s before eventually moving to the United States.	Guan Guimin	tenor
voice type	Rockwell Blake (born January 10, 1951) is an American operatic tenor, particularly known for his roles in Rossini operas.	Rockwell Blake	tenor
voice type	Jeanette Scovotti (born December 5, 1936 in New York City) is an American coloratura soprano.	Jeanette Scovotti	soprano
voice type	Ruth Fernández (23 May 1919 -- 9 January 2012) was a Puerto Rican contralto and a member of the Puerto Rican Senate.	Ruth Fernández	contralto
voice type	Maxim Mironov (born in 1981 in Tula), is a Russian tenor, best known for his interpretation of the bel canto repertoire.	Maxim Mironov	tenor
voice type	Amalia Riégo (26 March 1850 -- 27 December 1926) was a Swedish soprano opera singer.	Amalia Riégo	soprano
voice type	Loren Driscoll (April 14, 1928 -- April 8, 2008) was an American tenor who had an active international career from the 1950s through the mid-1980s.	Loren Driscoll	tenor
voice type	Stella Zambalis is an American spinto soprano born in Cleveland, Ohio.	Stella Zambalis	soprano
voice type	Georg Unger (1837 -- 1887) was a German tenor most famous for playing Siegfried in Der Ring des Nibelungen written by Richard Wagner.	Georg Unger	tenor
voice type	Betsy Joslyn (born April 19, 1954 in Staten Island, New York) is a Broadway musical and dramatic actress and soprano.	Betsy Joslyn	soprano
