Overcoming Life 's Disappointments ( ISBN 1 - 4000 - 3336 - 5 ) is a 2006 book by Harold Kushner , a Conservative rabbi .
Ally 's World is a series of books written for young adults by Karen McCombie .
Napoléon le Petit ( literally , `` Napoleon the Little '' ) was an influential political pamphlet by Victor Hugo which condemned the reign of Napoleon III , Emperor of the French .
The Godly Man 's Picture is a work of systematic theology by Thomas Watson , a 17th century English Puritan preacher .
`` Wedding Preparations in the Country '' ( German : `` Hochzeitsvorbereitungen auf dem Lande '' ) is an incomplete work by Franz Kafka which depicts in great detail the journey of the groom , Raban , travelling to the country to meet his future wife , Betty .
Sanditon ( 1817 ) is an unfinished novel by the English writer Jane Austen .
The Call of the Toad , published in Germany in 1992 as Unkenrufe , is a novel by Danzig - born German author Günter Grass .
Richard Bolitho , Midshipman is a novel in the Bolitho series , nautical fiction set in the Royal Navy of the late 18th century by Douglas Reeman writing under the pseudonym Alexander Kent .
Life Is Elsewhere ( Czech : Život je jinde ) is a Czech - language novel by Milan Kundera published in 1969 .
Red Seas Under Red Skies is the second novel ( of a projected seven ) in Scott Lynch 's Gentleman Bastard series .
The Timeless Way of Building is a 1979 book by Christopher Alexander that proposes a new theory of architecture ( and design in general ) that relies on the understanding and configuration of design patterns .
Sophie 's World ( Norwegian : Sofies verden ) is a 1991 novel by Norwegian writer Jostein Gaarder .
Der König verneigt sich und tötet ( The King Bows and Kills ) is an essay book in German by Nobel Prize - winning author Herta Müller .
Night Frost is a novel by R. D. Wingfield in the popular series featuring Detective Inspector Jack Frost , coarse , crude , slapdash -- and holder of the George Cross .
The Flying Girl is a novel written by L. Frank Baum , author of the Oz books .
Iron Men and Silver Stars is a collection of western short stories edited by Donald Hamilton .
`` The Tactful Saboteur '' is a novelette by the science fiction author Frank Herbert which first appeared in Galaxy Science Fiction magazine in October 1964 .
Face Forward is a cosmetics book written by Kevyn Aucoin .
The New Machiavelli is a 1911 novel by H. G. Wells that was serialized in The English Review in 1910 .
Sky Burial is a 2004 novel by Xue Xinran , her second .
Flaws in the Glass is Australian writer Patrick White 's autobiography , published in 1981 .
The Howling is a 1977 horror novel by Gary Brandner .
The Forsyte Saga , first published under that name in 1922 , is a series of three novels and two interludes published between 1906 and 1921 by Nobel Prize - winning English author John Galsworthy .
Dragon 's Rock is a novel for young adults by British author Tim Bowler , first published in 1995 .
The Great Abraham Lincoln Pocket Watch Conspiracy is a historical fiction novel written by Jacopo della Quercia .
False Impression is a mystery novel by English author Jeffrey Archer , first published in February 2005 by Macmillan ( ISBN 1405032553 ) .
Drum - Taps is a collection of poetry by American poet Walt Whitman .
The Beastly Beatitudes of Balthazar B is a 1968 novel by Irish American writer J. P. Donleavy .
A Monster at Christmas is a fantasy horror poem by Thomas Canty .
Aeterni Patris ( ( Of the ) Eternal Father ) was an encyclical issued by Pope Leo XIII in August 1879 .
Wounds of Armenia ( Armenian : Վերք Հայաստանի Verk Hayastani ) is an 1841 historical novel by Khachatur Abovian .
Knot Gneiss is the 34th book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony
The Plantation was the first novel by Chris Kuzneski .
`` The Horla '' ( French : Le Horla ) is an 1887 short horror story written in the style of a journal by French writer Guy de Maupassant , after an initial , much shorter version published in the newspaper Gil Blas , October 26 , 1886 .
One from the GHL ( Hebrew : אחד מן הגח``ל ) is a Hebrew poem , later composed as a song , written by Nathan Alterman during the 1948 Arab - Israeli war .
`` The Heart of the Serpent '' ( Originally in Latin : Cor Serpentis , Russian : Сердце Змеи ) is a 1958 science fiction short story by the Soviet writer and paleontologist Ivan Yefremov .
Memories with Food at Gipsy House is a collection of anecdotes and recipes by Roald Dahl and his second wife , Felicity .
Act of Providence is a supernatural detective novella by Joseph Payne Brennan and Donald M. Grant .
Dimiter ( 2010 ) ( also released under the title The Redemption in various parts of the world ) is a novel by William Peter Blatty , released on March 16 , 2010 through Forge Books .
The Good Earth is a novel by Pearl S. Buck published in 1931 and awarded the Pulitzer Prize for the Novel in 1932 .
Life Studies is the fourth book of poems by Robert Lowell .
Brave New World is a novel written in 1931 by Aldous Huxley and published in 1932 .
On Revolution is a 1963 book by political theorist Hannah Arendt .
Thinking , Fast and Slow is a best - selling 2011 book by Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics winner Daniel Kahneman which summarizes research that he conducted over decades , often in collaboration with Amos Tversky .
The Monkey and the Tiger book pairs two unrelated short gong'an detective novels written by Robert van Gulik and set in Imperial China ( roughly speaking the Tang Dynasty ) .
Never Look Away is the eighth novel by Canadian author Linwood Barclay .
A Lume Spento ( translated by the author as With Tapers Quenched ) is a 1908 poetry collection by Ezra Pound .
The Day of the Bomb ( in German Sadako Will Leben , meaning Sadako Wants to Live ) is a non - fiction book written by the Austrian author Karl Bruckner in 1961 .
Love All is the first novel by the journalist , writer and artist Molly Parkin .
Bright 's Passage is the debut novel by singer / songwriter Josh Ritter .
Tale of the Tribe was a book to be written by Robert Anton Wilson .
The Rationalists is a 1988 book by John Cottingham .
The Unfortunate Traveller : or , the Life of Jack Wilton ( published The Unfortunate Traueller : or , The Life of Iacke Wilton ) by Thomas Nashe ( 1594 ) is a picaresque novel set during the reign of Henry VIII of England .
The Notion Club Papers is the title of an abandoned novel by J. R. R. Tolkien , written during 1945 and published posthumously in Sauron Defeated , the 9th volume of The History of Middle - earth .
The Ghost from the Grand Banks is a 1990 science fiction novel written by Arthur C. Clarke ( ISBN 0 - 575 - 04906 - 5 ) .
The Virtu ( 2006 ) is a fantasy novel by Sarah Monette .
For the Liberation of Brazil is a Marxist tract on guerrilla warfare written by Carlos Marighella .
The Plant is an unfinished serial novel published by Stephen King in 1982 - -85 privately and in 2000 as a commercial e - book .
Between Shades of Gray , a New York Times Bestseller , is the debut novel of American novelist Ruta Sepetys .
`` Moxon 's Master '' is a short story by the late 19th - century American author Ambrose Bierce that speculates on the nature of life and intelligence .
The book was written by Samuel Hahnemann and published in Latin , in two volumes , with the full title Fragmenta de viribus medicamentorum : positivis sive in sano corpore humano observatis ( Fragmentary Observations relative to the Positive Powers of Medicines on the healthy Human Body ) .
Shutterbug Follies is a graphic novel created by Jason Little .
Sonnet 98 is one of 154 sonnets written by the English playwright and poet William Shakespeare .
A Modern Utopia is a 1905 novel by H. G. Wells .
Singin ' and Swingin ' and Gettin ' Merry Like Christmas is the third book of Maya Angelou 's seven - volume autobiography series .
Morvern Callar was the debut novel by Scottish author Alan Warner , first published in 1995 .
The Billions of Arsène Lupin is a detective novel by Maurice Leblanc about gentleman thief Arsène Lupin .
The Siege of Numantia ( Spanish : El cerco de Numancia ) is a tragedy by Miguel de Cervantes set at the siege of Numantia .
The World Without Us is a non - fiction book about what would happen to the natural and built environment if humans suddenly disappeared , written by American journalist Alan Weisman and published by St. Martin 's Thomas Dunne Books .
The Silly Book is a children 's book by Stoo Hample , first published in 1961 and reissued in 2004 .
The Doomsday Conspiracy is a thriller novel by American writer Sidney Sheldon published in 1991 .
The Disruption of American Democracy is a book published by American historian Roy Franklin Nichols in 1948 , which won the 1949 Pulitzer Prize for History .
The Truth Machine ( 1996 ) is a science fiction novel by James L. Halperin about a genius who invents an infallible lie detector .
The Post Office Girl ( German : Rausch der Verwandlung , which roughly means The Intoxication of Transformation ) is a novel by the Austrian writer Stefan Zweig .
The Story of Martha is a BBC Books original novel written by Dan Abnett with David Roden , Steve Lockley & Paul Lewis , Robert Shearman and Simon Jowett and based on the long running science fiction television series Doctor Who .
The General Danced at Dawn is a collection of short stories by George MacDonald Fraser , published first during 1970 and featuring a young Scottish lieutenant named Dand MacNeill .
The Cleft ( 2007 ) is a novel by Doris Lessing .
Double Star is a science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein , first serialized in Astounding Science Fiction ( February , March , April 1956 ) and published in hardcover the same year .
The Ideological Origins of the American Revolution is a 1968 Pulitzer Prize - winning book of history by Bernard Bailyn .
The Tale of Ginger and Pickles ( originally , Ginger and Pickles ) is a children 's book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter , and first published by Frederick Warne & Co. in 1909 .
The Dream of a Lifetime is a 2002 Donald Duck comic by Don Rosa .
Consciousness Explained is a 1991 book by the American philosopher Daniel Dennett which offers an account of how consciousness arises from interaction of physical and cognitive processes in the brain .
The Incandescent Ones is a science fiction novel by astrophysicist Fred Hoyle and his son Geoffrey Hoyle .
The 65 Lakh Heist is first English version ( translated by Sudarshan Purohit ) of a Surender Mohan Pathak book .
An Imperative Duty is a short realist novel by William Dean Howells published in 1891 .
A Good School is a novel by Richard Yates first published in 1978 .
`` The Tyger '' is a poem by the English poet William Blake published in 1794 as part of the Songs of Experience collection .
The Third God is a 2009 fantasy novel by Ricardo Pinto .
Among the Barons is a 2003 book by Margaret Peterson Haddix , about a time in which drastic measures have been taken to quell overpopulation .
The Rime of the Ancient Mariner ( originally The Rime of the Ancyent Marinere ) is the longest major poem by the English poet Samuel Taylor Coleridge , written in 1797 - -98 and published in 1798 in the first edition of Lyrical Ballads .
History of the DC Universe is a two - issue comic book limited series created by Marv Wolfman and George Pérez , and published by DC Comics following the end of Crisis on Infinite Earths .
The Minstrelsy of the Scottish Border is a collection of Border ballads compiled by Walter Scott , first published in three volumes in 1802 and 1803 .
Twilight Comes Twice is a children 's book of free verse written by Ralph Fletcher and illustrated by Kate Kiesler .
The Alexandria Link is Steve Berry 's fifth published novel and was released in 2007 .
A New Lease of Death is a novel by British writer Ruth Rendell , first published in 1967 .
What Technology Wants is a 2010 nonfiction book by Kevin Kelly focused on technology as an extension of life .
The Currents of Space ( 1952 ) is a science fiction novel by the American writer Isaac Asimov .
The Famished Road is the Booker Prize - winning novel written by Nigerian author Ben Okri .
The Faerie Wars Chronicles is a fantasy action young adult novel series written by James Herbert Brennan .
Worlds is a collection of science fiction and fantasy short stories by Eric Flint .
Jih - chi chiu - chung ( Nine Diaries ) was the most popular book published by Chinese writer Yu Dafu .
The Sea - Wolf is a 1904 psychological adventure novel by American novelist Jack London .
The Tuloriad is a novel by John Ringo and Tom Kratman , as part of the Legacy of the Aldenata series .
The Epistula ad Carpianum ( Letter to Carpian ) or Letter of Eusebius is the title traditionally given to a letter from Eusebius of Caesarea to a Christian named Carpianus .
Goodbye Tsugumi ( TUGUMI ) is a novel written by Japanese author Banana Yoshimoto ( 吉本ばなな)in 1989 and translated into English in 2002 by Michael Emmerich .
Sonechka is a novella and collection of short stories by Russian writer Lyudmila Ulitskaya .
Talley & Son is a play by Lanford Wilson , the third in his trilogy focusing on the Talley family of Lebanon , Missouri .
The Fractal Prince is the second science fiction novel by Hannu Rajaniemi and the second novel to feature the post - human gentleman thief Jean le Flambeur .
Goggle - Eyes , or My War with Goggle - Eyes in the U.S. , is a children 's novel by Anne Fine , published by Hamilton in 1989 .
Summer of Secrets is the second part of 21st century Austen series by Rosie Rushton .
A Treatise on Electricity and Magnetism is a two - volume treatise on electromagnetism written by James Clerk Maxwell in 1873 .
Penrod and Sam is a novel by Booth Tarkington that was first published in 1916 .
The Hydrofoil Mystery was written in 2003 by Canadian author Eric Walters .
Caramelo is a 2002 novel by American author Sandra Cisneros .
The Last Centurion is a 2008 stand - alone novel by John Ringo .
Princess of Gossip is a Young Adult novel by Sabrina Bryan ( The Cheetah Girls , Dancing with the Stars ) and Julia DeVillers ( How My Private , Personal Journal Became A Bestseller ) .
Malpertuis ( 1943 ) is a gothic horror novel by the Belgian author Jean Ray ( 1887 - -1964 ) .
Kay the Left - Handed is a historical novel by Leslie Barringer set in twelfth century England .
Asterix and the Actress is the 31st volume of the Asterix comic book series , written and illustrated by Albert Uderzo .
Rome Burning is the second book of Sophia McDougall 's trilogy , following her debut novel , Romanitas , set in a world where the Roman Empire has survived to contemporary times .
La Fausse Suivante , or Le Fourbe Puni is a play by French playwright Pierre de Marivaux written in 1724 , and produced for the first time by the Comédie - Italienneon the July 8 1724 at the theatre of the Hôtel de Bourgogne .
The Autobiography of Malcolm X was published in 1965 , the result of a collaboration between human rights activist Malcolm X and journalist Alex Haley .
The Year of Freaking Out is a 1997 Australian young adult novel by Sarah Walker about 17-year - old Kim , her relationship with her childhood friend Matthew and her passionate friendship with the new girl at school , Rachel .
The Art of Thinking Clearly is a 2013 book by bestselling Swiss writer Rolf Dobelli which describes in short chapters 99 of the most common thinking errors - ranging from cognitive biases to elements like envy and social distortions .
The Man Who Tasted Shapes is a book by neurologist Richard Cytowic about synesthesia .
The Riders is a novel by Australian author Tim Winton published in 1994 .
Conversations with Professor Y ( French : Entretiens avec le professeur Y ) is a 1955 novel by the French writer Louis - Ferdinand Céline .
The Confidential Agent ( 1939 ) is a thriller novel by British author Graham Greene .
The Phantom of the Card Table is a manuscript published in 1931 by Eddie McGuire on the card skills and techniques of Walter Irving Scott aka ' The Phantom ' .
A Philosophical View of Reform is a major prose work by Percy Bysshe Shelley written in 1819 - 20 and first published in 1920 by Oxford University Press .
The Mayor of Castro Street is a 1982 book about Harvey Milk by Randy Shilts .
A History of Western Philosophy is a 1945 book by philosopher Bertrand Russell .
Lady Inger of Ostrat ( original title : Fru Inger til Østeraad ) is a play by Henrik Ibsen , inspired by the life of Inger , Lady of Austraat .
The Loser is a novel by Thomas Bernhard , originally published in German in 1983 .
Deepwater Black is a 1995 novel , first in the Deepwater trilogy , by the New Zealand science fiction writer Ken Catran , where a cast of young characters are supposedly stranded in space while a virus ravages Earth .
Las armas secretas ( translates to The Secret Weapons in English ) is a book of five short stories written by Julio Cortázar .
Montcalm and Wolfe ( ISBN 0 - 306 - 80621 - 5 ) is the sixth volume in Francis Parkman 's seven - volume history , France and England in North America , originally published in 1884 .
Did You Ever Have a Family is the debut novel by American literary agent and author Bill Clegg , published in 2015 .
Les clefs de babel ( literally The keys of Babel ) is a French language children 's novel written by Carina Rozenfeld .
Upland Outlaws is a fantasy novel by Dave Duncan , following The Cutting Edge .
Talking God is the ninth crime fiction novel in the Joe Leaphorn / Jim Chee Navajo Tribal Police series by Tony Hillerman published in 1989 .
`` Down at the Dinghy '' is a short story by J. D. Salinger , originally published in Harper 's in April 1949 , and included in the compilation , Nine Stories .
King of the Wind is a novel by Marguerite Henry that won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children 's literature in 1949 .
The Skin of Our Teeth is a play by Thornton Wilder which won the Pulitzer Prize for Drama .
He claims Gardner Fox 's dreams were tuned into Earth - Two , explaining their depiction as a fictional world in earlier Barry Allen stories .
Grab Hands and Run is a fictional adaptation of a true story written by Frances Temple .
On Social Freedom : or the Necessary Limits of Individual Freedom Arising Out of the Conditions of Our Social Life is an essay regarding individual and societal freedom initially thought to have been written by the British philosopher John Stuart Mill , but later found to have been falsely attributed to him .
Dansen is a short play by German playwright and dramatist Bertolt Brecht ( 1898 - -1956 ) written in 1939 .
Morning 's Gone is a 2006 novel from Australian author Jon Cleary about Matt Durban , an Australian Labor Party politician who is challenging for his party 's leadership .
Thimble Summer is a novel by Elizabeth Enright that won the 1939 Newbery Medal .
Inside Sahara is a large coffee - table style book containing pictures taken by Basil Pao , who was the stills photographer on the team that made the Sahara with Michael Palin TV program for the BBC .
In the Spirit of Crazy Horse is a book by Peter Matthiessen which chronicles `` The story of Leonard Peltier and the FBI 's war on the American Indian Movement '' .
Chess with the Doomsday Machine ( Shatranj ba Mashin - e Qiamat ) ( Persian : شطرنج با ماشین قیامت‎ ) is a novel about the Iran - Iraq war by Habib Ahmadzadeh .
Los Restos Indígenas de Pichilemu ( English : The Indigenous Remains of Pichilemu ) was a 1908 book published by Chilean historiographer José Toribio Medina .
As a Driven Leaf is a 1939 novel by Milton Steinberg based on the life of Elisha ben Abuyah Steinberg 's novel wrestles with the 2nd century Jewish struggle to reconcile Rabbinic Judaism both culturally and philosophically with Greek Hellenistic society .
One Winter in Eden is a collection of science fiction and fantasy stories by author Michael Bishop .
Memoria descriptiva sobre Tucumán ( Spanish : Descriptive memoir of Tucumán ) is an Argentine 1834 book of Juan Bautista Alberdi .
My Brother Yves ( French : Mon Frère Yves , 1883 ) is a semi - autobiographical novel by French author Pierre Loti .
The Sky So Big and Black is a science fiction novel by John Barnes that was published in 2002 .
The Aquitaine Progression is a novel by Robert Ludlum originally published in 1984 .
What Happened to Burger 's Daughter or How South African Censorship Works is a 1980 collection of essays by South African novelist Nadine Gordimer and others .
The Richlands is an historical novel by the American writer Agnes Sligh Turnbull ( 1888 - -1982 ) set in a rural village in Westmoreland County , Pennsylvania , thirty miles east of Pittsburgh .
The Historia Brittonum is commonly attributed to Nennius , as some recensions have a preface written in his name .
The Evolution of Calpurnia Tate is a 2009 award winning historical young adult novel by Jacqueline Kelly .
The Invention of Solitude is the debut work of Paul Auster , a memoir published in the year 1982 .
Einstein 's Gift is a play written by Canadian playwright Vern Thiessen in 2003 .
The Ignorance of Blood is the final novel in Robert Wilson 's Javier Falcón series , set in Seville .
Honour & Other People 's Children is a collection of two short stories - also described as novellas - by Australian writer Helen Garner .
The Art of Electronics , by Paul Horowitz and Winfield Hill , is a popular textbook dealing with analog and digital electronics .
The Inheritance Cycle is a young adult tetralogy of epic fantasy novels written by American author Christopher Paolini .
The Angel Maker 's Wife is Camilla Läckberg 's eighth book in her Fjällbacka series , and was published in Sweden on 19 December 2011 .
The Scheme for Full Employment is a novel by the English author Magnus Mills , published in 2003 by Flamingo .
I Am NOT Going to Get Up Today ! is a children 's book written by Theodor Geisel under the pen name Dr. Seuss and illustrated by James Stevenson and published by Random House on October 12 , 1987 .
Saint Leibowitz and the Wild Horse Woman ( 1997 ) is a science fiction novel written by Walter M. Miller , Jr. It is a follow - up to Miller 's 1959 book A Canticle for Leibowitz .
The Family Book is a 2003 children 's book written by Todd Parr that details the daily lives of all kinds of families .
Murder Twice Told is a collection of two short thrillers by Donald Hamilton .
The Clockwork Girl is an all - ages / science fiction / fantasy comic series created by Sean O’Reilly and Kevin Hanna , that ran for six issues and was published in a collected edition for the first time in 2008 .
Debit and Credit ( German : Soll und Haben , 1855 ) is a novel in six volumes by Gustav Freytag .
Reveries of a Solitary Walker ( or Reveries of the Solitary Walker ; French : Les Rêveries du promeneur solitaire ) is an unfinished book by Genevan philosopher Jean - Jacques Rousseau , written between 1776 and 1778 .
And Then There Was No One is a novel by Gilbert Adair first published in 2009 .
Faux passeports subtitled ' ou les mémoires d'un agitateur ' in its original version , is a Belgian novel by Charles Plisnier .
Double Phoenix is an anthology of two short fantasy novels by Edmund Cooper and Roger Lancelyn Green , edited by Lin Carter .
Steps to Christ is an evangelistic book written by Ellen G. White , co - founder and prophetess of the Seventh - day Adventist Church .
Apocalypse Meow is a three volume manga series written and illustrated by Motofumi Kobayashi .
Skydive ! is the eleventh novel in World of Adventure series by Gary Paulsen .
An Infinite Summer is the second collection of short stories by Christopher Priest and the first of his books to collect stories set in the Dream Archipelago .
`` Maid of Athens , ere we part '' is a poem by Lord Byron , written in 1810 and dedicated to a young girl of Athens .
Madame de La Carlière , sub - titled On the inconsequence of public judgement of our actions , is a fable written by the French writer Denis Diderot in 1772 , and published for the first time in 1798 .
`` A Diamond Guitar '' is a short story by Truman Capote , first published in Harper 's Bazaar in 1950 ; it is noted as one of his better quality early short stories .
Stormrider is a fantasy novel by the author David Gemmell published in 2002 .
The Anatomy of a Moment ( Spanish : Anatomía de un instante ) is a 2009 non - fiction book by Javier Cercas , which won the National Prize for Narrative Writing .
Nemesis Games is a 2015 science fiction novel by James S. A. Corey , the pen name of Daniel Abraham and Ty Franck , and the fifth book in their The Expanse series .
The Adventures of Captain Horn is an 1895 adventure novel by Frank R. Stockton that was the third - best selling book in the United States in 1895 .
Wild Fowl Decoys is an art reference book by American collector Joel Barber , first published in 1934 by Windward House .
The Court of the Air is the first book by Stephen Hunt in his Jackelian series .
Heidi ( pronounced ( ˈhaɪdi ) ) is a work of children 's fiction published in 1881 by Swiss author Johanna Spyri , originally published in two parts as Heidi 's years of learning and travel ( German : Heidis Lehr- und Wanderjahre ) and Heidi makes use of what she has learned .
Billiards at Half - Past Nine ( German : Billard um halb zehn ) is a 1959 novel by the German author Heinrich Böll .
The Miseries of Human Life was written by James Beresford ( 1764 - -1840 ) and published in 1806 , first as a single volume and then as an expanded two - volume edition later that year .
The Seven Messengers ( Italian : I sette messaggeri ) is a collection of short stories written by Dino Buzzati and published as a book in 1942 .
Human Traces is a 2005 novel by Sebastian Faulks , best known as the British author of Birdsong and Charlotte Gray .
Letters Written in France is a series of letters written by English writer Helen Maria Williams , first published in 1790 .
Contes et nouvelles en vers ( English : Tales and Novellas in Verse ) is an anthology of various ribald short stories and novellas collected and versified from prose by Jean de La Fontaine .
Now and Then , Amen is a 1988 novel from Australian author Jon Cleary .
The Height of the Scream is a collection of horror stories by author Ramsey Campbell .
The Religion of Man ( 1931 ) is a compilation of lectures by Rabindranath Tagore , edited by him and drawn largely from his Hibbert Lectures given at Oxford University in May 1930 .
`` The Terrible Old Man '' is a very short short story ( less than 1200 words ) by H. P. Lovecraft , written on January 28 , 1920 , and first published in the Tryout , an amateur press publication , in July 1921 .
Of Nightingales That Weep is a historical novel for children by Katherine Paterson , published by Crowell in 1974 .
Murphy 's Gold is the second novella in Murphy series by Gary Paulsen .
The Machinery of Freedom is a nonfiction book by David D. Friedman which advocates Friedman 's vision of an anarcho - capitalist society .
My Sweet Audrina is a 1982 novel by V. C. Andrews .
The Crow Comes Last ( Italian : Ultimo viene il corvo ) is a short story collection by Italo Calvino published in 1949 .
Withered Murder is the second of the collaborations of Anthony Shaffer and Peter Shaffer under the pseudonym Peter Anthony .
Claude Gueux was a short story written by Victor Hugo in 1834 .
Dead Even is the second novel written by Brad Meltzer about a husband and wife on opposite sides of a legal case .
On the Soul ( Greek Περὶ Ψυχῆς , Perì Psūchês ; Latin De Anima ) is a major treatise by Aristotle on the nature of living things .
Hospital of the Transfiguration ( in Polish : Szpital Przemienienia ) is a book written by Stanisław Lem .
Robopocalypse is a science fiction book by Daniel H. Wilson published in 2011 .
A Complicated Kindness is the third novel by Canadian author Miriam Toews .
The Lost Hero is a 2010 fantasy - adventure novel written by Rick Riordan and is based on Greek and Roman mythology .
La Permission is a 1967 French language novel written by Melvin Van Peebles which was turned into the film , The Story of a Three - Day Pass .
A Horse and Two Goats and Other Stories ( also published as A Horse and Two Goats ) is a collection of short stories by R. K. Narayan , published in 1970 by The Bodley Head .
`` The Man Who Would Not Shake Hands '' is a short story by Stephen King first published in the 1982 horror anthology Shadows 4 , edited by Charles L. Grant , and collected in Skeleton Crew in 1985 .
Second Glance is a fiction novel written by American author Jodi Picoult .
Little Pilgrim ( Korean : 화엄경 ) is a novel by the South Korean writer Ko Un .
The Compendium of Materia Medica , also known by the romanizations Bencao Gangmu or Pen - tsao Kang - mu , is a Chinese materia medica work written by Li Shizhen during the Ming Dynasty .
`` Death of the Poet '' ( Russian : `` Смерть Поэта '' ) is an 1837 poem by Mikhail Lermontov , written in reaction to the death of Alexander Pushkin .
Manna from Heaven is a book that contains a collection of short stories that were written by fantasy and science fiction author Roger Zelazny .
Escape from Mr. Lemoncello 's Library is a children 's novel by author Chris Grabenstein .
The Maintenance of Headway is a novel by English author Magnus Mills published in 2009 by Bloomsbury .
Do n't Judge a Girl by Her Cover is a 2009 teen - fiction novel written by Ally Carter .
Gojiro is the 1991 debut novel by former Esquire columnist Mark Jacobson .
The Virgin and the Gypsy is a short story ( or novella ) by English author D. H. Lawrence .
Vandover and the Brute is a novel by Frank Norris , written in 1894 - -5 and first published in 1914 .
Lonesome Places is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by American author August Derleth .
A Day in Ostrobothnia ( Finnish : Pohjanmaa ) is a 1985 novel by Finnish author Antti Tuuri .
Natural Theology or Evidences of the Existence and Attributes of the Deity is an 1802 work of Christian apologetics and philosophy of religion by the English clergyman William Paley ( July 1743 -- 25 May 1805 ) .
Der fremde Blick oder das Leben ist ein Furz in der Laterne is a book by Nobel Prize - winning author Herta Müller .
Exsul Familia is the apostolic constitution written by Pope Pius XII on the topic of migration .
Europe Central ( 2005 ) is a novel by William T. Vollmann that won the U.S. National Book Award for Fiction .
Knee - Knock Rise is a children 's book written by Natalie Babbitt and published in 1970 .
Eclipse of the Crescent Moon ( Hungarian : Egri csillagok lit . `` Stars of Eger '' ) is a historical novel by the Hungarian writer Géza Gárdonyi .
The Sorrow Gondola ( Swedish : Sorgegondolen ) is a 1996 poetry collection by the Swedish writer Tomas Tranströmer .
Under Plum Lake is a children 's adventure novel by Lionel Davidson , first published in 1980 .
Everything Matters ! ( 2009 ) is American author Ron Currie Jr. 's second novel .
Business Dynamics is a book by John Sterman that applies system dynamics to business .
The Work , Wealth and Happiness of Mankind by H. G. Wells is the final work of a trilogy of which the first volumes were The Outline of History ( 1919 - -1920 ) and The Science of Life ( 1929 ) .
The Witch of Edmonton is an English Jacobean play , written by William Rowley , Thomas Dekker and John Ford in 1621 .
Gold Dust and Ashes is a book by Ion Idriess set in the New Guina goldfields at Bulolo .
Yondering is a collection of short stories by American author Louis L'Amour , published in 1980 .
On My Honor is a short Newbery Honor - winning novel by Marion Dane Bauer , first published in 1986 .
`` Unaccompanied Sonata '' is a short story by Orson Scott Card , first published in the March , 1979 issue of Omni magazine .
Pioneer , Go Home ! is a satirical novel by Richard P. Powell , first published in 1959 .
The Wars is a 1977 novel by Timothy Findley that tells the story of a young Canadian officer in World War I. Nineteen - year - old Robert Ross tries to escape both his grief over his sister 's death and the social norms of oppressive Victorian upper - class society by enlisting in the Great War .
The Righteous Men is a novel written by Sam Bourne , a pseudonym of English journalist Jonathan Freedland .
Into a Strange Lost World is a children fiction novel by Richard Hough under the pen name of Bruce Carter .
Selam Professor Shonku ( Hats off , Professor Shonku ) is a Professor Shonku series book written by Satyajit Ray and published by Ananda Publishers in 1995 .
A Most Wanted Man is a thriller / espionage novel by John le Carré published in September 2008 by Hodder & Stoughton in the United Kingdom and in October 2008 by Scribner in the United States .
A Liar 's Autobiography , Volume VI is a comical autobiography written by Graham Chapman of Monty Python fame , featuring a fictionalised account of his life .
Humlehjertene ( English : The Bumblebee Hearts ) is a novel published in 1980 by the Norwegian writer Ola Bauer .
And Never Said a Word ( German : Und sagte kein einziges Wort ) is a novel by German author Heinrich Böll , published in 1953 .
The Yellow Sound ( in German , Der Gelbe Klang ) is an experimental theater piece originated by the Russian artist Wassily Kandinsky .
Watch and Ward is a short novel by Henry James , first published as a serial in The Atlantic Monthly in 1871 and later as a book in 1878 .
The Hidden Past by Jude Watson is the third in a series of young reader novels called Jedi Apprentice .
7 Stories is a play created by Canadian playwright Morris Panych .
On the Way of Resurrection ( Arabic : فِي سَبِيلِ البعث , Fi Sabil al Baath ) is a political literature book written by Michel Aflaq , one of the founders of Ba'athism .
They Were Strong and Good is a children 's nonfiction book written and illustrated by Robert Lawson , who won the 1941 Caldecott Medal for excellence in illustration of an American children 's picture book .
The Macintosh Way was the first book written by former Apple evangelist Guy Kawasaki .
When Jonathan Died is a novel by Tony Duvert , translated by D.R. Roberts .
Treasures of the Snow is a children 's story book by Patricia St. John .
The Bravo is a novel by James Fenimore Cooper first published in 1831 in three volumes .
The Man Who Laughs ( also published under the title By Order of the King ) is a novel by Victor Hugo , originally published in April 1869 under the French title L'Homme qui rit .
Problems of a Sociology of Knowledge ( German : Probleme einer Soziologie des Wissens ) is a 1924 essay by the German philosopher , sociologist , and anthropologist Max Scheler .
Biancaneve is an Italian erotic comic book , created in 1972 by Renzo Barbieri and Rubino Ventura and illustrated by Leone Frollo .
Terminal Freeze is the fourth solo novel by Lincoln Child .
Phoenix in Obsidian ( alternate title : The Silver Warriors ) is a science fantasy novel by Michael Moorcock .
After Having Spent a Night Among Horses ( Swedish : Efter att ha tillbringat en natt bland hästar ) is a 1998 poetry collection by Finnish poet Tua Forsström .
Selected Stories is a volume of short stories by Alice Munro , published by McClelland and Stewart in 1996 .
Adventures in the Screen Trade is a book about Hollywood written in 1983 by American novelist and screenwriter William Goldman .
Zothique is an imagined future continent in a series of short stories by Clark Ashton Smith .
The Cruelty of the Spaniards in Peru was an innovative 1658 theatrical presentation , a hybrid entertainment or masque or `` operatic show '' , written and produced by Sir William Davenant .
The Divine Legation of Moses is the best - known work of William Warburton , an English theologian of the 18th century who became bishop of Gloucester .
Switchblade Honey is a 2003 72-page science fiction graphic novel written by Warren Ellis and drawn by Brandon McKinney , published by AiT / Planet Lar .
His Illegal Self is a 2008 novel by Australian author Peter Carey .
The Final Adventures of Solar Pons is a collection of detective , science fiction short stories by author August Derleth .
Retro - Pulp Tales is a limited edition anthology published by Subterranean Press in 2006 , edited by Joe R. Lansdale .
Generation Loss is a novel published by Elizabeth Hand .
Davy and the Goblin , or , What Followed Reading `` Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland '' is a novel by Charles E. Carryl that was serialized in St. Nicholas magazine from December 1884 to March 1885 before being published by Houghton Mifflin of Boston and Frederick Warne of London in 1885 .
Alias Grace is a novel of historical fiction by Canadian writer Margaret Atwood .
Sister Alice ( Tor Books , ISBN 0 - 7653 - 0225-X ) is a science fiction novel by author Robert Reed , first published in 2003 .
Soft City is the first book written by Jonathan Raban , and published by The Harvill Press in 1974 .
Skeletons at the Feast is a novel by author Chris Bohjalian , published in 2008 .
The Art of Keeping Cool is a children 's historical fiction book by Janet Taylor Lisle published in October 2000 by Anthem Books .
The Twilight Tomb was published in September 2006 , and was written by Greg A. Vaughan , with cover art by Jon Foster and interior art by Marvin Mariano and Steve Prescott .
The Quantum Rose is a science fiction novel by Catherine Asaro which tells the story of Kamoj Argali and Skolian Prince Havyrl Valdoria .
The Ugly Swans ( Russian : Гадкие лебеди ) is a science fiction novel by Arkady and Boris Strugatsky .
A Berlin Republic ( German : Die Normalität einer Berliner Republik . Kleine Politische Schriften VIII ) is a 1997 book composed of a collection of transcripts of interviews with the German philosopher and sociologist Jürgen Habermas conducted by various European media in the mid-1990s .
L'enfant penchée ( literally , The Leaning Child ) is a graphic novel by Belgian comic artists François Schuiten and Benoît Peeters , the sixth volume of their ongoing Les Cités Obscures series .
Ellison Wonderland is a collection of short stories by author Harlan Ellison that was originally published in 1962 .
Strait Is the Gate ( French : La Porte Étroite ) is a 1909 French novel written by André Gide .
The Vendor of Sweets ( 1967 ) , by R. K. Narayan , is composed in simple , lucid English that can be read and understood without turning and returning the pages after a single read .
The Great Time Machine Hoax is a science fiction novel by Keith Laumer , an expansion of his novelette serialized in Fantastic Magazine under the title of `` A Hoax in Time '' from June--
Curses , Hexes and Spells is a 1974 book by Daniel Cohen .
The second is the GNU Affero General Public License , version 3 , published by the Free Software Foundation in November 2007 , and based on the GNU General Public License , version 3 ( GPLv3 ) .
The Dead Town is the fifth and final novel of Dean Koontz 's Frankenstein series .
Oriental Magic , by Idries Shah , is a study of magical practices in diverse cultures from Europe and Africa , through Asia to the Far East .
Fire , Bed , and Bone is a historical novel for older children by Henrietta Branford , published by Walker in 1997 .
Rescuing Da Vinci is a largely photographic , historical book about art reclamation and preservation during and after World War II , written by American author Robert M. Edsel , published in 2006 by Laurel Publishing .
The Nature of Alexander ( 1975 ) is the only nonfiction work by novelist Mary Renault ( 1905 - -1983 ) .
Mr. George and Other Odd Persons is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by American author August Derleth written under the pseudonym of Stephen Grendon .
Pigeon English is the debut novel by English author Stephen Kelman .
Near Changes is a 1990 collection of poems by Mona Van Duyn ( 1921 - -2004 ) .
William Does His Bit is the 23rd book of children 's short stories in the Just William series by Richmal Crompton .
Erik Axel Karlfeldt ( 20 July 1864 -- 8 April 1931 ) was a Swedish poet whose highly symbolist poetry masquerading as regionalism was popular and won him the Nobel Prize in Literature posthumously in 1931 after he had been nominated by Nathan Söderblom , member of the Swedish Academy .
In the same year Harry Ashmore won the Pulitzer Prize for Editorial Writing , For the forcefulness , dispassionate analysis and clarity of his editorials on the school integration conflict in Little Rock .
Anatoli Ktorov was designated People 's Artist of the USSR ( 1963 ) , was awarded the State Prize of the USSR ( 1952 ) , and received numerous decorations for his contribution to the art of film and theatre .
In recognition of services to art and literature , Elizabeth Durack was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire ( OBE ) in 1966 and in 1982 , a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George ( CMG ) .
Claude de Lannoy ( 1578 - -1643 ) , Comte de la Motterie , was a Flemish nobleman , Governor of Maastricht and Namur and a Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece .
Albert Celerin ( 8 September 1912 -- 31 December 1997 ) was a German Luftwaffe Reconnaissance pilot and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II . The Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership .
Military Cross ( MC ) T./2nd Lt . John Stanley Chick , Gen. List and R.F.C. For conspicuous gallantry and devotion to duty .
Fyodor Fedorovsky was awarded the Stalin Prize on several occasions ( 1941 , 1943 , 1949 , 1950 , 1951 ) , Order of Lenin , two other orders , and numerous medals .
Tu Youyou , when interviewed in 2011 after awarded the 2011 Lasker - DeBakey Clinical Medical Research Award
Maxim Dlugy ( born January 29 , 1966 ) is a chess Grandmaster .
Dato ' Ambiga Sreenevasan ( born 1956 ) is a prominent Malaysian lawyer and human rights advocate , and is one of the eight recipients of the US International Women of Courage Award in 2009 .
In April 24 , 2006 , the Honorary Order of the Yellow Star was awarded by then President Ronald Venetiaan to Stuart Robles de Medina .
Vladimir Fedorovich Vladimirov ( Russian : Владимир Фёдорович Владимиров ; 9 July 1914 -- December 1943 ) was a Red Army Lieutenant during World War II and a Hero of the Soviet Union .
In 2006 , Mihail Sebastian was posthumously awarded the Geschwister - Scholl - Preis for Voller Entsetzen , aber nicht verzweifelt .
Waldemar Lehmann ( 29 April 1913 -- 7 June 1997 ) was a highly decorated Hauptmann in the Wehrmacht during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross , and was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership .
Distinguished Flying Cross ( DFC ) 2nd Lt . Walter Noble ( formerly Essex Regt . )
Major General Sir Guy Riley was invested as a Companion of the Order of the Bath in 1938 , and as a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1944 .
UNICEF was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1965 and the Prince of Asturias Award of Concord in 2006 .
Robert Moorsom died peacefully in 1835 as a full Admiral of the Blue and a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath and was buried at St Peter 's Church , Cosgrove , Northamptonshire , where a memorial plaque to him and his wife Eleanor ( sister of cotton milling entrepreneur Jonathan Scarth ) can still be seen .
John Brown Kerr ( March 12 , 1847 -- February 27 , 1928 ) was a United States Army Brigadier General who was a recipient of the Medal of Honor for actions in fighting Indians along the White River , South Dakota .
Keishing Clifford Nongrum ( March 7 , 1975 -- July 1 , 1999 ) was an officer of the 12th Jammu and Kashmir Light Infantry of the Indian Army , who was posthumously awarded the Maha Vir Chakra , India 's second highest gallantry award , for exemplary valor in combat during operations in the Kargil War in 1999 .
Dubravka Ugrešić received several major awards for her essays , including Charles Veillon Prize , Heinrich Mann Prize , Jean Amery Prize .
Wolf Kahn has received a number of awards including a Fulbright Scholarship in 1962 , a John Simon Guggenheim Fellowship in 1966 , and an Award in Art from the American Academy of Arts and Letters in 1979 .
Ilir Seitaj ( born 1957 ) is an Albanian chess International Master .
Dev Anand and Suraiya met Peck for the first time at Mumbai 's Willingdon Club , after the Filmfare Awards in 1954 , on Peck 's stopover in the city from a schedule at Sri Lanka after shooting for Purple Plane .
Isaac Gause ( December 9 , 1843 -- April 23 , 1920 ) was a corporal in Union Army during the American Civil War and a recipient of the highest military decoration for valor in combat -- the Medal of Honor -- for having distinguished himself near Berryville , Virginia , on September 13 , 1864 .
Fang Fang ( in Chinese:方方 , born 11 May 1955 ) is a Chinese writer who won the Lu Xun Literary Prize in 2010 .
24 July 1945 - Acting Squadron Leader Anthony Norman Davis ( 43544 ) of No . 16 Squadron is awarded the Distinguished Service Order .
Lionel Long was awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia Medal ( OAM ) in the 1993 Australia Day honours , with the citation , for service to the performing and visual arts .
Rehana Sultan , ( born 19 November 1950 ) is an Indian film actress best known for her debut role in the acclaimed 1970 film Dastak which won her the National Film Award for Best Actress .
Timothy O'Hea VC ( 1843 -- 1874 ) , born in Schull , County Cork , was an Irish recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for valour that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Paul Felix Schmidt ( 20 August ( O.S. 7 August ) 1916 -- 11 August 1984 ) was an Estonian chess International Master , chess writer , and chemist .
Leopold Thomas Alexander Viktor von Schwedler ( 18 January 1885 -- 30 October 1954 ) was a German General der Infantrie who commanded an Army corps and a military district during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
The Graveyard Book also won the annual Hugo Award for Best Novel from the World Science Fiction Convention and Locus Award for Best Young Adult Book selected by Locus magazine subscribers .
Prof . Dr. Günter Corßen ( 6 February 1916 -- 16 August 1990 ) was a highly decorated Oberstleutnant i . G. in the Heer of the Wehrmacht during World War II . He was also a recipient of the German Cross in Gold and the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Josef Bachmeier ( 27 October 1908 -- 4 February 1971 ) was a Hauptsturmführer ( Captain ) in the Waffen SS during World War II . He was a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross , which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II .
Charles Andrew MacGillivary ( January 17 , 1917 - June 24 , 2000 ) was a Medal of Honor recipient , born in Charlottetown , Prince Edward Island , Canada .
Rear Admiral Kenneth Farnhill was invested as an Officer of the Order of the British Empire in 1945 , and as a Companion of the Order of the Bath in 1968 .
Israel Dostrovsky ( Hebrew : ישראל דוסטרובסקי‎ ) ( November 29 , 1918 -- September 28 , 2010 ) , an Israeli physical chemist , fifth president of the Weizmann Institute of Science , laureate of the 1995 Israel Prize in the exact sciences .
When Sulak Sivaraksa was awarded the Right Livelihood Award in 1995 , he became known to a wider public in Europe and the USA .
Bindeshwar Pathak is a Padma Bhushan recipient from the Government of India .
Pompey Factor ( 1849 -- March 29 , 1928 ) was a Black Seminole who served as a United States Army Indian Scout and received America 's highest military decoration -- the Medal of Honor -- for his actions in the Indian Wars of the Western United States .
Endre Fejes ( 15 September 1923 -- 25 August 2015 ) was a Kossuth Prize and Attila József Prize - winning Hungarian author , and a founding member of the Digital Literary Academy , with his literary works often based on working life .
Michael Sleavon VC ( 1826 Magheraculmoney , County Fermanagh -- 15 August 1902 , Dromard , County Sligo ) was an Irish recipient of the Victoria Cross .
Kavita Oberoi became an Officer of the Order of the British Empire ( OBE ) , in the Queen 's 2014 Birthday Honors List , for services to Entrepreneurship and Start - Up Businesses .
Carl von Ossietzky ( 3 October 1889 -- 4 May 1938 ) was a German pacifist and the recipient of the 1935 Nobel Peace Prize for his work in exposing the clandestine German re - armament .
For her wartime activity Peggy Knight was later awarded high British , French , and American honors , including appointment as a member of the The Most Excellent Order of the British Empire , the Croix de guerre , and the Presidential Medal of Freedom .
Jean - Baptiste Philibert Vaillant , 1st Comte Vaillant ( 6 December 1790 -- 4 June 1872 ) , born in Dijon , was a Marshal of France .
Chutima Naiyana ( Thai : ชุติมา นัยนา ) , nicknamed Ae ( Thai : เอ้ ) ( born August 10 , 1967 in Chonburi , Thailand ) is Miss Thailand 1987 .
11 August 1942 - Member of the Order of the British Empire Lieutenant Peter Gerald Charles Dickens , Royal Navy - For bravery and devotion to duty .
Franz Kleffner ( 2 July 1907 -- 16 March 1945 ) was an Obersturmbannführer ( Lieutenant Colonel ) in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Metin Yurdanur ( born 1951 ) is a Turkish sculptor , who was awarded the title State Artist of Turkey .
Mikhail Golubev ( born 30 May 1970 , Odessa ) is a Ukrainian chess Grandmaster ( 1996 ) , journalist and author .
Thomas Heatherwick has won numerous design awards including the Prince Philip Designers Prize ( 2006 ) , the London Design Medal ( 2010 ) , the RIBA Lubetkin Prize ( 2010 ) for the UK Pavilion .
Gunshy is an American 1998 crime drama film directed by Jeff Celentano and starring William Petersen , Michael Wincott , and Diane Lane .
Ask a Policeman is a 1939 British comedy film directed by Marcel Varnel which stars Will Hay , Moore Marriott and Graham Moffatt .
Hero Wanted is a 2008 American thriller film directed by Brian Smrz in his directorial debut , and starring Cuba Gooding , Jr. , Ray Liotta , Kim Coates , and Norman Reedus .
Queen of Media is an unreleased American drama film , directed by Furqaan Clover , starring Robin Givens .
Angel in My Pocket is a 1969 film starring Andy Griffith and directed by Alan Rafkin .
Z7 Operation Rembrandt ( German : Rembrandt 7 antwortet nicht ... , Italian : Mark Donen - Agente Zeta 7 , Spanish : Z-7 , operación Rembrandt ) is a 1966 German - Italian - Spanish Eurospy film written and directed by Giancarlo Romitelli and starring Lang Jeffries .
Mischievous Susana ( Spanish : La pícara Susana ) is a 1945 Mexican musical comedy film directed by Fernando Cortés and Zacarías Gómez Urquiza and starring Mapy Cortés , Luis Aldás and Fernando Cortés .
The Yellow Foal ( Hungarian : Sárga csikó ) is a 1913 Hungarian silent drama film directed by Félix Vanyl and starring Lili Berky , Gyula Nagy and Victor Varconi .
The Lovers of Lisbon is a 1955 French drama film directed by Henri Verneuil and starring Daniel Gélin , Françoise Arnoul Trevor Howard and Betty Stockfeld .
Racketeers in Exile is a 1937 American crime film directed by Erle C. Kenton and starring George Bancroft , Evelyn Venable and Wynne Gibson .
Paths of Faith ( Spanish : Senderos de fe ) is a 1938 Argentine drama film directed by Luis Moglia Barth and starring Amanda Ledesma , Floren Delbene and Pedro Maratea .
Lovers in Araby is a 1924 British silent adventure film directed by Adrian Brunel and starring Annette Benson , Miles Mander and Norman Penrose .
I Spit on Your Rave was the title for a planned 2010 film production by Film4 and Warp Films , who in 2009 released a trailer to promote their mockumentary zombie comedy horror film starring Noel Fielding .
Fiston is a 2014 French comedy film , directed by Pascal Bourdiaux and starring Franck Dubosc and Kev Adams .
Rich Hall 's Fishing Show is a comedy programme written by and starring Rich Hall and Mike Wilmot .
The Killing Room is a 2009 psychological thriller film directed by Jonathan Liebesman and starring Chloë Sevigny , Nick Cannon , and Timothy Hutton .
Tuckerville is the television series that first aired on TLC in 2005 about the life of Tanya Tucker and her three children ;
Yugant ( English : What the Sea Said ) is a 1995 Bengali movie directed by Aparna Sen. The movie featured Anjan Dutt and Rupa Ganguly .
Michael Shayne , Private Detective is a 1940 American mystery film directed by Eugene Forde and starring Lloyd Nolan , Marjorie Weaver and Joan Valerie .
Battle of Greed is a 1937 American western film directed by Howard Higgin and starring Tom Keene , Gwynne Shipman and James Bush .
Odd Job Jack is a Canadian animated sitcom television show featuring Don McKellar , about one man 's misadventures in temporary employment .
Aap Ke Saath is a 1986 Hindi language movie produced & directed by J. Om Prakash , starring Anil Kapoor , Vinod Mehra , Smita Patil , Rati Agnihotri , and Amrish Puri .
The Abdication is a 1974 British historical drama film directed by Anthony Harvey and starring Peter Finch , Liv Ullmann , Cyril Cusack , Graham Crowden and James Faulkner .
MGR Nagaril is a 1991 Tamil - language Indian feature film directed by Alleppey Ashraf , starring Anand Babu , Sukanya , Vivek , Charle , Pandiyan , Shankar , Napoleon , S. S. Chandran and Sumithra .
Den store barnedåpen ( English : The great christening ) is a 1931 Norwegian comedy film directed by Tancred Ibsen , starring Einar Sissener , Aase Bye and Agnete Schibsted - Hansson .
Please Help the Pore ( also known as Please Help the Poor ) is a 1912 American silent short drama starring William Garwood , Riley Chamberlin , Mignon Anderson and Marie Eline .
His Only Son is a 1912 American short silent Western film directed by Jack Conway and Milton H. Fahrney .
Trop c'est trop ( Too Much Is Too Much ) is a French comedy film directed by Didier Kaminka in 1975 Didier ( Kaminka ) , Philippe ( Ogouz ) and Georges ( Beller ) were born the same day at the same hour in the same room as the war was ending .
The Private Eye Blues is a 1994 Hong Kong crime film written , edited and directed by Eddie Fong and starring Jacky Cheung , Kathy Chow and Mavis Fan .
Going Spanish ( 1934 ) is an American short comedy film featuring the film debut of Bob Hope and directed by Al Christie .
National Lampoon 's Bag Boy is a 2007 comedy film directed by Mort Nathan , starring Dennis Farina , Paul Campbell and Marika Dominczyk .
Comedy of the Heart ( German : Komödie des Herzens ) is a 1924 German silent romance film directed by Rochus Gliese and starring Lil Dagover , Nigel Barrie and Alexander Murski .
Out - of - Sync is a 1995 crime drama film featuring LL Cool J in his first starring role .
Adhyayam Onnu Muthal ( English : From Chapter One ) is a 1985 Malayalam drama film written by John Paul , directed by Sathyan Anthikad and starring Madhavi , Mohanlal , Soman , Balan K. Nair and Kaviyoor Ponnamma , Venu Nagavalli and Bahadur .
Naukar Biwi Ka is a 1983 Hindi movie starring Dharmendra , Anita Raj , Reena Roy , Vinod Mehra , Raj Babbar and Om Prakash .
Atlantic Ferry ( alternate U.S. title : Sons of the Sea ) is a 1941 British film starring Michael Redgrave and Valerie Hobson .
Le Pavillon brûle ( English : The Pavilion burns ) is a French comedy drama film from 1941 , directed by Jacques de Baroncelli , written by Solange Térac , starring Pierre Renoir and Jean Marais .
Tickle Me is a 1965 American musical comedy film starring Elvis Presley as a champion rodeo bull - rider and bronco - buster .
Kana Kanmani is a 2009 family horror film by Akku Akbar starring Jayaram and Padmapriya .
Her Marriage Lines is a 1917 British silent crime film directed by Frank Wilson and starring Stewart Rome , Chrissie White and Violet Hopson .
Public Deb No . 1 ( or Elsa Maxwell 's Public Deb No . 1 ) is a 1940 American comedy film directed by Gregory Ratoff and starring George Murphy , Brenda Joyce and Ralph Bellamy .
Deadly Desire is a 1991 made - for - TV thriller film directed by Charles Corell and starring Jack Scalia , Kathryn Harrold , and Will Patton .
Ravager ( film ) is a 1997 horror / science fiction film written and directed by James D Deck and starring Bruce Payne , Yancy Butler , Juliet Landau and Robin Sachs .
Souls in Pawn is a 1917 American silent spy - drama film directed by Henry King and starring Gail Kane .
Dil ( translation : Heart ) is a 1990 Indian Hindi romantic drama film starring Madhuri Dixit , Aamir Khan , Anupam Kher and Saeed Jaffrey .
The King on Main Street is a 1925 silent film romantic comedy directed by Monta Bell , released by Paramount Pictures , and starring Adolphe Menjou and Bessie Love .
Thazhampoo is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role K. R. Vijaya , Nagesh .
The Easy Road stars Thomas Meighan , Gladys George , Grace Goodall , Arthur Edmund Carewe , Lila Lee , Laura Anson , and Viora Daniel .
The Little Cowboy ( originally titled Küçük Kovboy ) is a 1973 Turkish western film , directed by Guido Zurli , starring Cüneyt Arkın .
Murder by an Aristocrat is a 1936 American mystery film directed by Frank McDonald and starring Lyle Talbot , Marguerite Churchill and Claire Dodd .
Decoding Deepak is a 2012 feature - length documentary film directed by Gotham Chopra about his father Deepak Chopra .
Reasonable Doubts is primarily about the working relationship between Assistant District Attorney Tess Kaufman ( Marlee Matlin ) , a prosecutor very sensitive to the rights of the accused , and hard - charging , gruff Detective Dicky Cobb ( Mark Harmon ) , an old - fashioned cop with a `` bust - the - perps '' attitude .
Adam and Evelyne , released in the U.S. as Adam and Evalyn , is a 1949 romance film starring Stewart Granger and Jean Simmons .
Kabaddi Once Again is a Punjabi film starring Varinder Singh Ghuman , Sudeepa Singh , Jaswinder Bhalla , Binnu Dhillon & Nachhatar Gill .
Dangerously They Live is a 1941 American World War II spy film directed by Robert Florey , and starring John Garfield , Nancy Coleman and Raymond Massey .
The Bell Hop is a 1921 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy .
The Lure of the Sawdust is a 1914 American silent drama short directed by Tom Ricketts starring Charlotte Burton , George Field , Ed Coxen , Edith Borella , Ida Lewis and John Steppling .
Welcome to 18 ( also titled Summer Release ) is a 1986 American coming of age comedy - drama film starring Mariska Hargitay , Courtney Thorne - Smith and JoAnn Willette .
Rajmohol is a 2005 Bengali film starring Prosenjit Chatterjee , Abhishek Chatterjee , Anu Choudhury , Rachana Banerjee , Biplab Chatterjee , Subhasish Mukherjee , and Bharat Kaul .
The Wolf Woman is a 1916 silent era drama motion picture starring Louise Glaum , Howard C. Hickman , and Charles Ray .
Frankfurters and Quail is a 1912 American silent short drama starring William Garwood .
Got 2 Believe is a romantic - comedy film starring Claudine Barretto who plays a wedding planner and the late Rico Yan playing a wedding photographer .
Nearly a Nasty Accident is a 1961 British comedy film directed by Don Chaffey and starring Jimmy Edwards , Kenneth Connor , Shirley Eaton and Eric Barker .
Pretty and shy young Georgia farmgirl Claudelle Inglish ( Diane McBain ) , the daughter of a poor sharecropper Clyde Inglish ( Arthur Kennedy ) and his wife Jessie ( Constance Ford ) , starts dating the poor neighbor , handsome farmboy Linn Varner ( Chad Everett ) during the spring of their senior year in high school .
A Life in the Balance is a 1955 American - Mexican thriller film directed by Harry Horner and Rafael Portillo and starring Ricardo Montalban , Anne Bancroft and Lee Marvin .
Stranger in Our House ( also released as Summer of Fear ) is a 1978 made - for - television horror film directed by Wes Craven and starring Linda Blair .
Sowbhagyam is a 1993 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Sandhya Mohan and starring Sunitha and Jagadish in lead roles .
Left in Darkness is a 2006 horror film produced by IDT Entertainment , and Soul Eaters Productions Inc. The film stars Monica Keena , David Anders , Jessica Stroup , and Travis Van Winkle .
L'aube à l'envers is a 1995 French short film written and directed by Sophie Marceau and starring Judith Godrèche , Jerzy Gralek , and Anna Nehrebecka .
The Make - Believe Wife is a lost 1918 American silent comedy film starring Billie Burke and directed by John S. Robertson .
Hum Se Na Takrana is a 1990 Hindi - language Indian feature film produced and directed by Deepak Bahry , starring Dharmendra , Shatrughan Sinha , Mithun Chakraborty , Kimi Katkar , Leena Das , Ranjeet and Master Bhagwan
Welcome to Mooseport is a 2004 American - German romantic comedy film directed by Donald Petrie and starring Ray Romano , in his first full - length live - action film , and Gene Hackman .
Khamoshi ( Hindi : ख़ामोशी , Urdu : خاموشی , translation : `` Silence '' ) is a 1969 black - and - white Hindi drama film directed by Asit Sen , starring Rajesh Khanna and Waheeda Rehman .
Unnai Thedi ( Tamil : உன்னை தேடி ) is a 1999 Tamil film directed by Sundar C. The film features Ajith Kumar and Malavika in the lead roles , while an ensemble supporting cast includes Karan , Vivek , Sivakumar , and Srividya .
Here is My Heart is a 1934 American musical comedy film directed by Frank Tuttle and starring Bing Crosby , Kitty Carlisle , and Roland Young .
Do n't Tell Everything is a 1921 American silent drama film directed by Sam Wood and starring Gloria Swanson and Wallace Reid .
Snakes on a Plane is a 2006 American action thriller film directed by David R. Ellis and starring Samuel L. Jackson .
Innocents in Paris is a 1953 British - French international co - production comedy film produced by Romulus Films , directed by Gordon Parry and starring Alastair Sim , Jimmy Edwards , Claire Bloom , Margaret Rutherford , James Copeland and Ronald Shiner as Dicky Bird .
Dinner at the Ritz is a 1937 British , black - and - white , mystery romance film , directed by Harold D. Schuster and starring David Niven , Annabella , Raymond Huntley and Ronald Shiner as Sydney , the Porter .
Færgekroen is a 1956 Danish film directed by Poul Bang and starring Dirch Passer .
The Meddlin ' Stranger is a lost 1927 Western film directed by Richard Thorpe and featuring Boris Karloff .
Bitter Jester is a documentary starring Maija DiGiorgio , Kenny Simmons , Jody Del Giorno and Heather McConnell .
The Misadventures of Margaret is a 1998 French - British romantic comedy film directed by Brian Skeet and starring Parker Posey , Jeremy Northam and Craig Chester .
A Few Good Men is a 1992 American legal drama film directed by Rob Reiner and starring Tom Cruise , Jack Nicholson , and Demi Moore , with Kevin Bacon , Kevin Pollak , Wolfgang Bodison , James Marshall , J. T. Walsh , and Kiefer Sutherland in supporting roles .
The Man on the Train ( French : L'homme du train ) is a 2002 French crime - drama film directed by Patrice Leconte , starring Jean Rochefort and Johnny Hallyday .
Indian Military Intelligence is a 1995 Indian Malayalam film , directed by TS Suresh Babu , starring Babu Antony and Murali in the lead roles .
The Return of Mr. Moto ( aka Mr Moto and the Persian Oil Case ) is a 1965 British crime film directed by Ernest Morris and starring Henry Silva , Terence Longdon , and Suzanne Lloyd .
Year of Enlightment ( Spanish : El Año de las Luces , and also released as The Year of the Awakening ) is a 1986 Spanish film directed by Fernando Trueba , starring Jorge Sanz and Maribel Verdú .
Varusham Padhinaaru is a 1989 Tamil - language Indian feature film directed by Fazil , starring Karthik , Kushboo , Sukumari , V. K. Ramaswamy , Janagaraj and Vadivukkarasi .
Miss Grant Takes Richmond is a 1949 comedy film starring Lucille Ball and William Holden , directed by Lloyd Bacon and released by Columbia Pictures .
Our Daughter ( French : Notre fille ) is a 1981 Cameroonian drama film directed by Daniel Kamwa .
Street Society a 2014 Indonesian auto action film distributed by Ewis Pictures and directed by Awi Suryadi , starring Marcel Chandrawinata and Chelsea Islan .
The Singer from Mexico ( French : Le Chanteur de Mexico ) is a French film directed by Richard Pottier starring Luis Mariano and Bourvil , released in 1957 .
Angry Guest or E ke is a 1972 Shaw Brothers film directed by Chang Cheh from Hong Kong , starring David Chiang and Ti Lung , it is a sequel to Duel of Fists .
The Contessa 's Secret ( French : La Castiglione , Italian : La Contessa di Castiglione ) is a 1954 French - Italian film starring Yvonne De Carlo as Virginia Oldoini , Countess of Castiglione .
Juniper Jungle was a short lived cartoon series created by the British comedian Bobby Ball .
The Man from Monterey is a 1933 American Pre - Code Western directed by Mack V. Wright and starring John Wayne .
Tackle Happy also features guest appearances by Stephen Curry , Paul Hester , Tony Martin , Andrew Denton , Amanda Keller , Pete Smith and Jimeoin .
Kansas City Bomber is a 1972 American drama film released by Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer , directed by Jerrold Freedman and starring Raquel Welch .
Suzanne Marwille as Karla Richtrová - Sister Angelika , dancer Hugo Haas as Pavel Ryant Theodor Pistek as Prison 's director Josef Rovenský Marta Trojanová Jan W. Speerger Josef Klapuch Robert Ford Frantisek V. Kucera Josef Sládek Sasa Razov
Beneath the Valley of the Ultra - Vixens ( 1979 ) is a satirical sexploitation film starring Kitten Natividad and Ann Marie with a cameo by Uschi Digard .
The Man in the Back Seat is a 1961 British B - movie crime film , directed by Vernon Sewell and starring Derren Nesbitt and Keith Faulkner .
Eat My Dust ! is a 1976 action film from New World Pictures starring Ron Howard .
Spanish Serenade ( Spanish : Ronda española ) is a 1952 Spanish musical film directed by Ladislao Vajda and starring José Isbert and Manolo Morán .
The Reality of the Virtual is a 2004 documentary film lecture by Slovenian philosopher Slavoj Žižek .
Dear Jack is a 2009 American documentary film starring Andrew McMahon , the vocalist , pianist and primary songwriter for the bands Something Corporate and Jack 's Mannequin .
Mother Riley Meets the Vampire , also known as Vampire Over London or My Son the Vampire is a 1952 British comedy horror film directed by John Gilling , starring Arthur Lucan and Bela Lugosi that was filmed at Nettlefold Studios .
A Place to Be Loved is a 1993 American television movie with Richard Crenna and Rhea Perlman .
The Gingerdead Man is a 2005 horror - comedy film starring Gary Busey .
The Year of the Yao is a 2004 American documentary film telling the first year of basketball player Yao Ming in the United States .
The Masks of Death ( 1984 ) is a Sherlock Holmes film directed by Roy Ward Baker and starring Peter Cushing as the sleuth and John Mills as Doctor Watson .
Deepasthambham Mahascharyam ( Malayalam : ദീപസ്തംഭം മഹാശ്ചര്യം ) is a 1999 Malayalam film directed by K. B. Madhu starring Dileep as an Ottamthullal dancer who is caught in a love triangle with two girls .
Camp Takota is a 2014 comedy - drama film starring YouTube personalities Grace Helbig , Hannah Hart and Mamrie Hart .
Petticoat Camp is a 1912 American silent short comedy film starring William Garwood and Florence La Badie .
The Verdict of Lake Balaton ( Hungarian : Ítél a Balaton ) is a 1933 Hungarian drama film directed by Pál Fejös and starring Antal Páger , Ernõ Elekes and Gyula Csortos .
Anbulla Kadhalukku ( English : For My Dearest ) is a 1999 Tamil romantic film written , produced and directed by Mohan starring Mohan himself in the lead role alongside Megha , Sangeetha and Bhavana , while Anand Babu and Delhi Ganesh appeared in other pivotal roles .
Parwane is a Bollywood action film released in 1993 starring Avinash Wadhavan , Siddharth , Shilpa Shirodkar and Paresh Rawal . The story is written by Tanveer Khan and music is composed by Anand - Milind
Sykes and a Big , Big Show features situation sketches and musical numbers , performed by the singer Ian Wallace .
Assalto ao Banco Central ( English : Central Bank Heist ) is a 2011 Brazilian thriller film directed and produced by Marcos Paulo Simões , starring Milhem Cortaz , Hermilia Guedes , Eriberto leão and Lima Duarte .
The Scam Artist was a 2004 independent film that was meant to catapult the acting career of Kimberly Page .
Pyaar Ka Saaya ( English : The Shadow of love ) is a 1991 Bollywood Drama / Thriller film directed by B.Subhash and starring Rahul Roy and Sheeba .
Inspector Shiller ( Dana Elcar ) and Lieutenant Hal Brubaker ( Edward Grover ) , Baretta 's supervisors .
Lost in the Stratosphere is a 1934 American film directed by Melville W. Brown and starring William Cagney , the lookalike brother of James Cagney .
The Last Grenade is a 1970 British war film directed by Gordon Flemyng and starring Stanley Baker and Alex Cord as two soldiers of fortune , formerly comrades , who now find themselves on opposite sides .
The Nightbirds of London is a 1915 British silent crime film directed by Frank Wilson and starring Stewart Rome , Chrissie White and Violet Hopson .
When Dinosaurs Ruled the Earth is a 1970 horror monster movie starring Victoria Vetri , set in the time of cavemen .
Soorma Bhopali ( सूरमा भोपाली ) , is a 1988 Hindi - language Indian feature film produced by Naved and directed by Jagdeep , who previously played Soorma Bhopali in the movie Sholay Soorma Bhopali was not a box office success but did relatively better in the state of Madhya Pradesh .
The Last Days of Frankie the Fly is a 1996 crime noir drama film directed by Peter Markle , written by Dayton Callie and starring Dennis Hopper , Michael Madsen , Kiefer Sutherland , and Daryl Hannah .
My Mom 's a Werewolf is a 1989 comedy / horror film directed by Michael Fischa , written by Mark Pirro , starring Susan Blakely and John Saxon .
The Prince and Me is a 2004 romantic comedy film directed by Martha Coolidge , and starring Julia Stiles , Luke Mably , and Ben Miller , with Miranda Richardson , James Fox , and Alberta Watson .
Ishitha Chauhan as Asha Srinivas ( Asha Black ) Arjun Lal as Rohit Sarath Kumar as Anwar Ali Devan as Srinivas Manoj K. Jayan as Senthil Nathan M. S. Bhaskar Anjali Aneesh Upasana Bhagath Manuel as Sidhu `` Kadhal '' Arun `` Black '' Pandi Fathima Babu as Rohit 's Mother Rizabawa as Rohit 's Father
Playboy 's Penthouse was an American variety / talk television show hosted by Playboy founder and then - editor / publisher Hugh Hefner .
Brun bitter ( English : Brown bitter ) , also called Hair of the Dog , is a 1988 Norwegian crime film directed by Sølve Skagen , starring Frank Krog , Kristin Kajander and Anne Krigsvoll .
The Affairs of Anatol is a 1921 American silent comedy - drama film directed by Cecil B. DeMille , and starring Wallace Reid and Gloria Swanson .
Baby Sellers is a TV film starring Jennifer Finnigan , Kirstie Alley and Arjun Gupta exposing the dark world of international baby trafficking .
Lonesome Luke Leans to the Literary is a 1916 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd .
Mabel 's Awful Mistakes is a 1913 film starring Mabel Normand and directed by Mack Sennett .
Akashadoothu is a 1993 Malayalam - language drama film , directed by Sibi Malayil with Madhavi and Murali in lead roles .
The Perfect Holiday is a 2007 family comedy film starring Gabrielle Union , Morris Chestnut , and Terrence Howard and is produced by Academy Award - nominated actress Queen Latifah , who also narrates the movie .
Gehrayee ( Hindi : गहऱायी ) is a 1980 Indian film directed by Vikas Desai and Aruna Raje based on a script by Vijay Tendulkar , Desai and Raje , and starring Padmini Kolhapure , Sriram Lagoo , Anant Nag and Indrani Mukherjee with Amrish Puri in a guest appearance .
Meri Pyaari Bahania Banegi Dulhania is a 2001 Hindi - language Indian feature film directed by Jayant Gilatar , starring Mithun Chakraborty , Rajeshwari Sachdev and Vishwajeet Pradhan .
Üç Korkusuz Arkadaş is a 1966 Turkish war drama film , directed by Halit Refiğ and starring Tanju Gürsu , Nilüfer Aydan and Kuzey Vargin .
The Green Temptation is a lost 1922 American silent melodrama film directed by William Desmond Taylor and starring Betty Compson .
Def by Temptation is a 1990 American horror film written , produced , and directed by James Bond III and stars Bond , Kadeem Hardison , Samuel L. Jackson , and Bill Nunn .
Cross of Iron is a British - German 1977 war film directed by Sam Peckinpah , featuring James Coburn , Maximilian Schell , James Mason and David Warner .
Dheena is a 2001 Indian Tamil action film directed by AR Murugadoss , starring Ajith Kumar , Suresh Gopi and Laila in lead roles .
Mafia Connection ( Italian : E venne il giorno dei limoni neri , also known as Black Lemons ) is a 1970 Italian crime film written and directed by Camillo Bazzoni and starring Antonio Sabàto , Peter Carsten and Florinda Bolkan .
Tiger in the Smoke is a 1956 British crime film directed by Roy Ward Baker ( billed as Roy Baker ) and starring Donald Sinden , Muriel Pavlow , Tony Wright , Bernard Miles and Christopher Rhodes .
Fierrot le pou is a 1990 French 8-minute short film directed by Mathieu Kassovitz , his debut film .
La Poison is a 1951 French comedy drama film , written and directed by Sacha Guitry , starring Michel Simon and Louis de Funès .
This Night I 'll Possess Your Corpse ( Portuguese : Esta Noite Encarnarei no Teu Cadáver ) is a 1967 Brazilian horror film directed by José Mojica Marins .
The Pink Diamond ( German : Der rosa Diamant ) is a 1926 German silent comedy drama film directed by Rochus Gliese and starring Xenia Desni , Rudolf Klein - Rogge and William Dieterle .
Are We Done Yet ? is a 2007 American family comedy film starring Ice Cube .
Vendetta dal futuro ( aka Fists of Steel , Hands of Steel , Vendetta From the Future and Atomic Cyborg ) is a 1986 Italian science fiction film starring Daniel Greene , Luigi Montefiore , John Saxon and Claudio Cassinelli and directed by Sergio Martino .
Babies for Sale is a 1940 drama film starring Glenn Ford and Rochelle Hudson and directed by Charles Barton .
Maduve Mane ( Kannada : ಮದುವೆ ಮನೆ ) is a 2011 Indian Kannada language film in the romantic comedy genre starring Ganesh and Shradha Arya in the lead roles .
Echelon Conspiracy ( formerly titled The Gift ) is a 2009 American science fiction action thriller film directed by Greg Marcks and starring Shane West , Edward Burns , and Ving Rhames .
Happy Days in Aranjuez ( German : Die schönen Tage von Aranjuez ) is a 1933 German comedy film directed by Johannes Meyer and starring Brigitte Helm , Gustaf Gründgens and Wolfgang Liebeneiner .
Dayman Ma`ak ( Arabic : دايما معاك‎ , English : Always With You ) is a 1954 Egyptian musical comedy romance film directed and co - written by Henry Barakat and starring Mohamed Fawzi , Salah Nazmi , Faten Hamama , and Abdel Waress Assar .
Portland Exposé is a 1957 American film noir directed by Harold Schuster and starring Edward Binns , Carolyn Craig , and Virginia Gregg .
The Imaginary Baron ( German : Der Juxbaron ) is a 1927 German silent drama film directed by Willi Wolff and starring Reinhold Schünzel and Marlene Dietrich .
Fancypants is a 2011 film directed by Joshua Russell and starring Patrick Gleason , Roddy Piper , and Robert Carradine .
The Tripper is a 2006 slasher film which was directed by David Arquette and stars Jaime King , Thomas Jane and Lukas Haas .
Lady Paname was a 1950 drama film , directed and written by Henri Jeanson , and starring Louis Jouvet , Suzy Delair , Henri Guisol and Henri Crémieux .
A Force of One is a 1979 martial arts film starring Chuck Norris , Jennifer O'Neill , Ron O'Neal , Clu Gulager and Bill Wallace .
Lurking in Suburbia is a 2006 comedy film written and directed by Mitchell Altieri , produced by Altieri and Phil Flores , and stars Joe Egender , Samuel Child , Ari Zaragis , and Buffy Charlet .
Majestic Hotel Cellars is a 1945 French film based on the Maigret novel Maigret and the Hotel Majestic starring Albert Préjean .
Koi Mere Dil Se Poochhe is a Bollywood romance / thriller movie directed by Vinay Shukla released on 11 January 2002 , starring Aftab Shivdasani and introducing Esha Deol , the daughter of famous actors Dharmendra and Hema Malini , in the lead roles .
Koko Flanel is a Belgian comedy movie directed by Stijn Coninx starring Urbanus , Bea Van Der Maat , Willeke van Ammelrooy , Herbert Flack and Ann Petersen .
Mystic Pizza is a 1988 American coming - of - age film directed by Donald Petrie , and stars Annabeth Gish , Julia Roberts and Lili Taylor .
Life with Roger starred Mike O'Malley as Roger Hoyt , a formerly suicidal homeless young man dissuaded from jumping off of a bridge by Jason Fuller ( Maurice Godin ) , a man whose car had coincidentally broken down on the bridge just before Roger could complete his planned jump .
A Reno Divorce was a 1927 American silent romantic drama film produced and distributed by Warner Bros. , Ralph Graves wrote , directed and stars in this film which was the last of the five films he ever directed .
Magnum , P.I. is an American crime drama television series starring Tom Selleck as Thomas Magnum , a private investigator living on Oahu , Hawaii .
The Thrill of It All ( 1963 ) is a romantic comedy film directed by Norman Jewison starring Doris Day , James Garner , Arlene Francis , and ZaSu Pitts .
The Wound ( Turkish : Yara ) is a 1998 international co - production drama film , written , produced and directed by Yılmaz Arslan , starring Yelda Reynaud as a young Turkish emigrant who is forcibly repatriated by her own family .
Dark Hazard is 1934 American drama film starring Edward G. Robinson and directed by Alfred E. Green .
Las delicias del poder ( `` The Delights of Power '' ) is a 1999 Mexican political satire comedy film directed by Iván Lipkies starring María Elena Velasco as La India María with Ernesto Gómez Cruz , Irma Dorantes , and Adalberto Martínez .
Blood on Wolf Mountain starred actresses Li Lili , and Lan Ping ( who later in life would adopt the name Jiang Qing and gain notoriety as the wife of Mao Zedong and a member of the Gang of Four ) .
Memory Run , also known as Synapse , is a 1995 action film set in the year 2015 , starring Karen Duffy .
Oh My G ! is a 2015 Philippine drama television series directed by Veronica B. Velasco , starring Janella Salvador , Marlo Mortel and Manolo Pedrosa .
A Month by the Lake is a 1995 romantic comedy starring Vanessa Redgrave , Edward Fox and Uma Thurman .
Children , Mother , and the General ( German : Kinder , Mütter und ein General , and also released as Sons , Mothers , and a General ) is a 1955 West German war film directed by László Benedek and starring Hilde Krahl .
Mission Istaanbul is a 2008 action thriller film starring Vivek Oberoi , Shriya Saran and Zayed Khan .
The Murderer Dimitri Karamazov ( German : Der Mörder Dimitri Karamasoff ) is a 1931 German drama film directed by Erich Engels and Fedor Ozep , starring Fritz Kortner and Anna Sten .
Thacholi Varghese Chekavar is a 1995 Malayalam action film directed by T. K. Rajeev Kumar starring Mohanlal and Urmila Matondkar in lead roles .
Sister Veronika ( German : Schwester Veronika ) is a 1927 German silent drama film directed by Gerhard Lamprecht and starring Aud Egede - Nissen , Paul Richter and Hilde Maroff .
Helen of Four Gates ( 1920 ) is a British silent film melodrama , directed by cinema pioneer Cecil Hepworth and starring Alma Taylor ( in a dual role as mother and daughter ) , James Carew and Gerald Ames .
Continuing to investigate the case through a partnership with local private eye `` Pinky '' Farrell ( David Huddleston ) , McQ learns that Santiago has assembled a heist team to steal the confiscated heroin and cocaine from the police department 's evidence vault .
The Inseparables is a 1929 British silent romance film directed by Adelqui Migliar and John Stafford and starring Elissa Landi , Patrick Aherne and Annette Benson .
Paid in Error is a 1938 British comedy film directed by Maclean Rogers and featuring George Carney , Lillian Christine and Tom Helmore .
Meet Me in Las Vegas ( 1956 ) is an MGM musical comedy produced by Joe Pasternak , directed by Roy Rowland , filmed in Eastman Color ( credited as Metrocolor ) and CinemaScope , and starring Dan Dailey and Cyd Charisse .
The Sword of Granada ( Spanish : El corazón y la espada ) is a 1953 Mexican historical adventure film directed by Edward Dein and Carlos Véjar hijo and starring Cesar Romero , Katy Jurado and Rebeca Iturbide .
Through the Eyes of a Killer is a 1992 thriller film starring Richard Dean Anderson and Marg Helgenberger .
Park Benches ( French : Bancs Publics ( Versailles rive droite ) ) is a 2009 French film directed by Bruno Podalydès , with an all - star cast .
The Third Way of Love ( Chinese : 第三种爱情 ) is a 2015 Chinese romance film directed by John H. Lee and starring Liu Yifei and Song Seung - heon .
Bret Maverick is a 1981 - 82 American Western television series starring James Garner in the role that made him famous in the 1957 series created by Roy Huggins and entitled Maverick : a professional poker player traveling alone year after year through the Old West from riverboat to saloon .
Parole , Inc. is a 1948 American Film Noir film directed by Alfred Zeisler and featuring Michael O'Shea , Turhan Bey , Evelyn Ankers and Virginia Lee .
Lethal Weapon 3 is a 1992 American buddy cop action comedy film directed and produced by Richard Donner , and starring Mel Gibson , Danny Glover , Joe Pesci , Rene Russo and Stuart Wilson .
Under Your Hat is a 1940 British musical comedy spy film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Jack Hulbert , Cicely Courtneidge and Austin Trevor .
Lunch Wagon ( also known as Lunch Wagon Girls ) is a 1981 sex comedy starring Pamela Jean Bryant , Rosanne Katon , and Candy Moore .
When the Gods Fall Asleep ( Portuguese : Quando os Deuses Adormecem ) is a 1972 Brazilian film directed by José Mojica Marins .
Girl from Hong Kong ( German : Bis zum Ende aller Tage ) is a 1961 West German romance film directed by Franz Peter Wirth and starring Hanns Lothar , Helmut Griem and Akiko Wakabayashi .
One in the Chamber is a 2012 American action film directed by William Kaufman , and starring Cuba Gooding , Jr. , and Dolph Lundgren .
The Story of Dr. Wassell is a 1944 American Technicolor World War II film set in the Dutch East Indies , directed by Cecil B. DeMille , and starring Gary Cooper , Laraine Day , Signe Hasso and Dennis O'Keefe .
Rasikan is a 2004 Malayalam film directed by Lal Jose and written by Murali Gopy starring Dileep , Murali Gopy , Biju Menon and debutante Samvrutha Sunil in the lead roles .
Father Radetzky ( German : Vater Radetzky ) is a 1929 Austrian war film directed by Karl Leiter and starring Karl Forest , Otto Hartmann and Theodor Pistek .
Triple Tap ( simplified Chinese : 枪王之王 ; traditional Chinese : 鎗王之王 ) is a 2010 Hong Kong action thriller film directed by Derek Yee and starring Louis Koo and Daniel Wu .
Catch That Kid is a 2004 American adventure comedy film directed by Bart Freundlich and starring Kristen Stewart , Corbin Bleu , Max Thieriot , Jennifer Beals , and Sam Robards .
Gabriel Over the White House is a 1933 American Pre - Code film starring Walter Huston that has been variously described as a `` bizarre political fantasy '' or a `` comedy drama '' that `` is surprisingly socialist in tone ( albeit veering toward National Socialism ) '' and which `` posits a favorable view of fascism . ''
Yamaho Yama ( Telugu : యమహో యమ ) is a 2012 Telugu film starring Sairam Shankar , Parvati Melton , Srihari and Sanjjanaa and directed by Y. Jitender .
Rent a Pocher was a German television show hosted by comedian Oliver Pocher .
Bamboo Boys movie tells the story of four tribals ( Kalabhavan Mani , Harishree Ashokan , Cochin Haneefa and Salim Kumar ) from the jungle who come to town in search of a doctor to cure their headman 's wife and to win the hands of Kuduki , the headman 's daughter .
Rudo y Cursi ( Spanish , literally , `` Rough and Corny '' ) is a 2008 Mexican film starring Diego Luna , Gael García Bernal and Guillermo Francella .
Jon Heder as Napoleon Dynamite Efren Ramirez as Pedro Sánchez Tina Majorino as Deb Bradshaw Aaron Ruell as Kip Dynamite Jon Gries as Rico Dynamite Haylie Duff as Summer Wheatley Emily Kennard as Trisha Jenner Shondrella Avery as LaFawnduh Lucas Sandy Martin as Grandma Diedrich Bader as Rex Trevor Snarr as Don
Venus of the South Seas ( 1924 ) , also known as Venus of the Southern Seas , is a silent feature film starring swimmer Annette Kellerman and one of the last films made in the Prizma Color process .
Ellie Parker is a 2005 American drama - comedy film , written and directed by Scott Coffey .
I Proud to Be an Indian ( Hindi : एक भारतीय होने पर गर्व , Urdu : میں ہوں نہ‎ ) is a 2004 Bollywood action film written and directed by Puneet Sira and produced by Sohail Khan .
The Primal Call is a 1911 American short silent romance film directed by D. W. Griffith , starring Wilfred Lucas and featuring Blanche Sweet .
Mr. Wong in Chinatown is a 1939 American mystery film directed by William Nigh and starring Boris Karloff as Mr. Wong .
Pallandu Vazhga ( English : Live Long ! ) is a 1975 Indian Tamil drama film directed by K. Shankar , starring M. G. Ramachandran and Latha in the lead roles .
John Jaffer Janardhanan is a 1982 Malayalam movie directed by I. V. Sasi , written by T. Damodaran , and starring Ratheesh , Ravindran and Mammootty .
Vojin Ćetković - Mane Kujundzija Katarina Radivojević - Zona Zamfirova Dragan Nikolić - Hadzi Zamfir Milena Dravić - Tasana Radmila Živković - Doka Nikola Đuričko - Perica Sloboda Mićalović - Vaska Nebojša Ilić - Manulac Branimir Brstina - Jordan Danica Maksimović - Persa Ružica Sokić - Taska Jelica Sretenovic - Kaliopa Svetlana Bojković - Jevda Ana Franić - Izmecarka Vasilija
Boy , Did I Get a Wrong Number ! is a 1966 American comedy film starring Bob Hope and Elke Sommer .
Marykkundoru Kunjaadu ( Mary has a little lamb ) is a 2010 Malayalam comedy film directed by Shafi , starring Dileep , Bhavana and Biju Menon in the lead roles .
Verna Felton as Elephant Matriarch , the well - meaning but pompous leader of the elephants who is initially cold towards Dumbo .
The Scoundrel 's Wife ( US video title : The Home Front ) is a 2002 romantic drama film directed by Glen Pitre , who co - wrote screenplay with Michelle Benoit , and starring by Tatum O'Neal .
The Cosmic Man is a 1959 science fiction film starring John Carradine and Bruce Bennett .
Pink Bomb is a 1993 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Derek Chiu and starring an ensemble cast of Waise Lee , Lau Ching - wan , Dayo Wong , Cheung Kwok - leung , Cynthia Khan , Gloria Yip , Loletta Lee and Fennie Yuen .
Flexing with Monty is a 2010 comedy - drama film and stars Trevor Goddard and Sally Kirkland .
Dot the i ( Spain : el punto sobre la i ; Argentina : Obsesión ) is a 2003 psychological thriller starring Gael García Bernal , Natalia Verbeke , and James D'Arcy .
Tujhe Meri Kasam ( Hindi : तुझे मेरी कसम ; Urdu : تجھے میری قسم‎ ; English translation : My Promise to You ) is a 2003 Hindi movie starring Ritesh Deshmukh , Genelia D'Souza , Shriya Saran .
Help Me , My Love ( Italian : Amore mio aiutami ) is a 1969 Commedia all'italiana film written , directed and starred by Alberto Sordi .
Dogpound Shuffle ( also known as Spot ) is a 1975 comedy film written and directed by Jeffrey Bloom and starring David Soul and Ron Moody .
Sookha ( English : The Famine ) is a 1983 Hindi drama film directed by M. S. Sathyu , starring Pankaj Dheer and Anant Nag .
Once More , My Darling is a 1949 American comedy film directed by and starring Robert Montgomery .
Balram vs. Tharadas is a 2006 Malayalam crime thriller directed by I.V. Sasi , written by T. Damodaran and S. N. Swamy , and starring Mammootty and Katrina Kaif .
A Very Merry Daughter of the Bride is a 2008 television movie starring Joanna García and Luke Perry .
Lecointe Island is an elongated island , 7.27 km ( 4.52 mi ) long between Cape Kaiser and Hvarchil Point , 2.2 km ( 1.4 mi ) wide and 700 m ( 2,300 ft ) high , separated from the east coast of Brabant Island by Pampa Passage , in the Palmer Archipelago , Antarctica .
Howard Glacier ( 77 ° 41′S 163 ° 5′E ) is a small alpine glacier just west of Crescent Glacier , flowing into Taylor Valley on the north from the Kukri Hills , in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Law - Racoviță Station ( Romanian : Stația Law - Racoviță ) is the first permanent Romanian station for research and exploration in Antarctica , named after the Romanian explorer Emil Racoviță and inaugurated on January 13 , 2006 at the location of a station constructed in 1986 by Australia and donated to Romania .
Mount Blair ( 72 ° 32′S 160 ° 49′E ) is a small but conspicuous mountain , 2,120 metres ( 6,960 ft ) high , standing 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ) northwest of Mount Weihaupt in the Outback Nunataks , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
McCarthy Glacier ( 86 ° 4′S 127 ° 24′W ) is a broad glacier at the south side of Wisconsin Plateau , Antarctica , flowing west to merge with the lower part of Olentangy Glacier before entering Reedy Glacier just southwest of Mount McNaughton .
Knobhead Moraine ( 77 ° 51′S 161 ° 38′E ) is a conspicuous moraine of large boulders to the north of Knobhead , Quartermain Mountains , in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Fry Glacier ( 76 ° 38′S 162 ° 18′E ) is a glacier draining the slopes at the northeast corner of the Convoy Range and flowing along the south end of the Kirkwood Range into Tripp Bay , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Mount Lister is a massive mountain , 4,025 metres ( 13,200 ft ) high , forming the highest point in the Royal Society Range of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Mount Mervyn ( 70 ° 31′S 65 ° 13′E ) is a very sharp peak standing south of the main body of the Porthos Range in the Prince Charles Mountains of Antarctica , about 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ) south of Mount Kirkby .
Dike Cirque ( 83 ° 14′S 157 ° 57′E ) is a semi - circular glacial cirque 1 nautical mile ( 2 km ) wide in the Miller Range of Antarctica .
Zed Islands is a small group of islands , the westernmost rising to 290 m ( 951 ft ) , lying off the northeast extremity of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica comprising four islands :
Mawson Bank ( 73 ° 30′S 174 ° 0′E ) is a submarine bank in the Ross Sea off Antarctica named for British Antarctic scientist Sir Douglas Mawson .
Mount Kathleen ( 83 ° 46′S 172 ° 48′E ) is a peak about 900 metres ( 3,000 ft ) high , being the central and highest summit of Ebony Ridge at the north end of the Commonwealth Range , Antarctica .
Provadiya Hook ( Provadiyska Kosa \pro - va-'diy - ska ko-'sa\ ) is a gravel barrier spit separating the inner Yankee Harbour in Greenwich Island , Antarctica from the outer Shopski Cove and McFarlane Strait .
Mount Kliment Ohridski ( Vrah Kliment Ohridski \'vr&h ' kli - ment ' o - hrid - ski\ ) is the highest ridge ( 1500 m ) in the Sofia University Mountains on Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Kenfield Nunatak ( 73 ° 46′S 99 ° 3′W ) is an isolated nunatak which lies about 8 nautical miles ( 15 km ) southeast of the head of Cosgrove Ice Shelf and 17 nautical miles ( 31 km ) east - northeast of Pryor Cliff , at the extreme northern end of the Hudson Mountains , Antarctica .
Sullivan Glacier ( 69 ° 42′S 70 ° 45′W ) is a glacier flowing west into Gilbert Glacier , immediately south of Elgar Uplands in the north part of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Ebony Wall ( 63 ° 55′S 59 ° 9′W ) is a dark , nearly vertical rock wall in Antarctica , which rises about 400 metres ( 1,300 ft ) at the head of Pettus Glacier .
Chapman Rocks is a group of rocks in central Hero Bay on the north side of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Harris Ledge ( 77 ° 28′S 161 ° 26′E ) is a flat , ice - free ridge to the north of Mount Hercules in the Olympus Range of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Krieger Peak ( 71 ° 46′S 70 ° 35′W ) is a peak between Duffy Peak and The Obelisk in the central part of the Staccato Peaks , southern Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Pavlikeni Point ( Nos Pavlikeni \'nos pa - vli-'ke - ni\ ) projects 600 m from the north coast of Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica and is snow - free in summer .
Mount Exley ( 81 ° 10′S 156 ° 14′E ) is a mountain at 1,980 metres ( 6,500 ft ) in the Wallabies Nunataks , west of the Churchill Mountains of Antarctica .
Brazil ( i / brəˈzɪl/ ; Portuguese : Brasil ( bɾaˈziw ) ) , officially the Federative Republic of Brazil ( Portuguese : República Federativa do Brasil , listen ) , is the largest country in both South America and the Latin American region .
Libois Bay ( 65 ° 4′S 64 ° 3′W ) is a cove on the west side of Cholet Island which is entered between Rozo Point , the northwest end of Cholet Island , and Paumelle Point , the northwest end of Booth Island , in the Wilhelm Archipelago , Antarctica .
Mills Cliff ( 72 ° 10′S 95 ° 53′W ) is an isolated rock cliff in the north - central part of Lofgren Peninsula , Thurston Island , Antarctica .
Hero Inlet ( 64 ° 46′S 64 ° 4′W ) is a narrow inlet at the south side of Palmer Station between Gamage Point and Bonaparte Point , along the southwest side of Anvers Island in Antarctica .
Gjertsen Promontory ( 86 ° 38′S 148 ° 32′W ) is a low but sharply rising promontory at the extremity of the spur trending north from Mount Gjertsen , in the La Gorce Mountains of Antarctica .
Mims Spur ( 86 ° 2′S 125 ° 35′W ) is a prominent rock spur protruding from the southern extremity of Wisconsin Plateau , Antarctica , situated just southeast of Polygon Spur on the north side of McCarthy Glacier .
Mount Menzies is the culminating peak ( 3,355 m ; 11,007 ft ) on the large massif between Mount Mather and Mount Bayliss , standing on the south side of Fisher Glacier , Antarctica .
Armstrong Reef is a reef that encompasses a large number of ice - free plutonic islets and rocks , extending for 9 km ( 6 mi ) from the south - west end of Renaud Island , in the Biscoe Islands of Antarctica .
Endurance Glacier is a broad glacier north of Mount Elder , draining south - east to the south coast of Elephant Island in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica , and is the main discharge glacier on the island .
Inner Crater ( 77 ° 32′S 167 ° 10′E ) is the topographic feature that embraces the crater within the floor of Main Crater , at the summit of Mount Erebus , Ross Island , Antarctica .
Hobbs Point ( 64 ° 37′S 62 ° 3′W ) is the northeastern end of Brooklyn Island in Wilhelmina Bay , off the west coast of Graham Land , Antarctica .
Kosovo ( /ˈkɒsəvoʊ , ˈkoʊ-/ ; Albanian : Kosova ; Serbian Cyrillic : Косово ) is a disputed territory and partially recognised state in Southeastern Europe that declared its independence from Serbia in February 2008 as the Republic of Kosovo .
Scott Island is a small uninhabited island of volcanic origin in the Ross Sea , Southern Ocean , 505 kilometres ( 310 mi ) northeast of Cape Adare , the northeastern extremity of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Allison Ridge ( 70 ° 45′S 66 ° 19′E ) is a rock ridge , partly snow - covered , about 0.5 nautical miles ( 1 km ) west of Mount Bunt in the Aramis Range , Prince Charles Mountains , Antarctica .
The Harrisson Ice Rises ( 66 ° 27′S 96 ° 39′E ) are a local swelling of the ice surface 12 nautical miles ( 22 km ) west - southwest of Henderson Island , Antarctica , where the Shackleton Ice Shelf overrides an underlying obstruction .
Harmony Point is a point which lies close west of Harmony Cove and forms the western extremity of Nelson Island , in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica .
Hurley Glacier ( 67 ° 34′S 68 ° 32′W ) is a glacier between Mount Gaudry and Mount Liotard , flowing east into Ryder Bay , Adelaide Island , Antarctica .
Fivemile Rock ( 63 ° 29′S 57 ° 3′W ) is a small nunatak , 375 metres ( 1,230 ft ) high , rising just northwest of Mineral Hill on Tabarin Peninsula , Antarctica .
Higgins Canyon ( 84 ° 47′S 114 ° 41′W ) is a steep - sided , ice - filled canyon immediately east of Schulthess Buttress , on the north side of Buckeye Table in the Ohio Range of the Horlick Mountains in Antarctica .
Lavoisier Island is an island 29 km ( 18 mi ) long and 8 km ( 5 mi ) wide , lying between Rabot and Watkins Islands in the Biscoe Islands , Antarctica .
Rundvågs Head ( 69 ° 53′S 39 ° 0′E ) , in Antarctica , is a rock headland rising to 160 metres ( 520 ft ) at the southwest margin of Rundvåg Bay , on the southeast coast of Lutzow - Holm Bay .
Rainbow Ridge ( 78 ° 6′S 165 ° 24′E ) is a small ridge which forms a distinct western rim to the large crater - like depression high in the central part of Brown Peninsula , in Victoria Land in Antarctica .
Lake Whillans is a subglacial lake in Antarctica .
Salash Nunatak ( Bulgarian : нунатак Салаш , `` Nunatak Salash '' \'nu - na - tak ' sa - lash\ ) is a rocky peak of elevation 220 m in Breznik Heights projecting from the upper Wulfila Glacier on Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Vadodara has a professional cricket team , the Baroda cricket team , as well as the oldest cricket ground in Asia , called Moti Baug .
The Lands End Nunataks ( 83 ° 43′S 172 ° 37′E ) are two rock nunataks 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) north - northwest of Airdrop Peak at the north end of Ebony Ridge , Antarctica .
King Edward VII Land or King Edward VII Peninsula is a large , ice - covered peninsula which forms the northwestern extremity of Marie Byrd Land in Antarctica .
The Helo Cliffs ( 77 ° 30′S 167 ° 7′E ) are a set of prominent cliffs at about 3,525 metres ( 11,565 ft ) on the north rim of the summit caldera of Mount Erebus , on Ross Island , Antarctica .
Indonesia ( i/ˌɪndəˈniːʒə/ IN - də - NEE - zhə or /ˌɪndoʊˈniːziə/ IN - doh - NEE - zee - ə ; Indonesian : ( ɪndonesia ) ) , officially the Republic of Indonesia ( Indonesian : Republik Indonesia ( rɛpublik ɪndonesia ) ) , is a sovereign island country in Southeast Asia and Oceania .
Guyatt Ridge ( 80 ° 38′S 29 ° 27′W ) is a ridge southwest of Wedge Ridge in the southern part of the Haskard Highlands , in the Shackleton Range , Antarctica .
Kessler Peak ( 83 ° 37′S 167 ° 50′E ) is a conspicuous cone - shaped peak , 2,180 metres ( 7,150 ft ) high , in the Queen Alexandra Range of Antarctica , standing at the east side of Lennox - King Glacier , 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) west - southwest of Mount Rotolante .
Mount Hartkopf is a mountain , 1,110 metres ( 3,640 ft ) high , rising along the east side of the upper reaches of Land Glacier , 11 nautical miles ( 20 km ) southeast of Mount McCoy , in Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Herring Point ( Bulgarian : нос Херинг , `` Nos Herring '' \'nos ' he - ring\ ) is a point on the north coast of Rugged Island off the west coast of Byers Peninsula of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica forming the east side of the entrance to Hersilia Cove .
The Flatnes Ice Tongue is an ice tongue forming the western limit of Amanda Bay in the south - east part of Prydz Bay , Ingrid Christensen Coast , Princess Elizabeth Land , Antarctica .
Mamarchev Peak ( Bulgarian : Мамарчев връх , `` Mamarchev Vrah '' \ma-'mar - chev ' vr&h\ ) is the peak rising to 2500 m in the north part of Sullivan Heights in central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains , Antarctica , and surmounting Pulpudeva Glacier to the west and Ellen Glacier to the north .
Geopolitically , the Caribbean islands are usually regarded as a subregion of North America and are organized into 30 territories including sovereign states , overseas departments , and dependencies .
Kruber Rock ( 71 ° 45′S 11 ° 5′E ) is a lone rock lying 3.5 nautical miles ( 6 km ) west - northwest of the summit of Mount Flånuten on the west side of the Humboldt Mountains , in Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
The Auriga Nunataks ( 70 ° 42′S 66 ° 38′W ) are a small group of nunataks in Palmer Land , Antarctica , located 21 miles ( 34 km ) east of Wade Point at the head of Bertram Glacier .
The Ceres Nunataks ( 72 ° 3′S 70 ° 25′W ) are a group of three nunataks located immediately east of the base of Shostakovich Peninsula in southern Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Black Glacier ( 71 ° 40′S 164 ° 42′E ) is a broad tributary to the Lillie Glacier flowing northeast , marking the southeast extent of the Bowers Mountains , a major mountain range situated in the geographical location of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Coppermine Peninsula is the 1.7 km long , 500 m wide and rising to 105 m rugged rocky promontory forming the northwest extremity of Alfatar Peninsula and Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica and lying between English Strait to the west and Carlota Cove to the east .
Hesperides Hill ( Halm Hesperides \'h&lm he - spe-'ri - des\ ) is a ridge linked by a saddle of elevation 52 m with the northern slopes of Atlantic Club Ridge on Hurd Peninsula , eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Vetrov Hill ( 66 ° 34′S 92 ° 58′E ) is a hill rising to 20 m , standing at the east side of the entrance to McDonald Bay on the coast of Antarctica .
Krout Glacier ( 84 ° 53′S 172 ° 12′W ) is a tributary glacier , 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) long , draining the north slopes of the Prince Olav Mountains , Antarctica , between Mount Sellery and Mount Smithson and entering Gough Glacier just east of Mount Dodge .
Dragon Beach ( 62 ° 28′S 60 ° 8′W ) is a broad gravel and bounder strewn area flanking Dragon Cove , and extending up to about 10 metres ( 33 ft ) above sea level on Varna Peninsula , Livingston Island in Antarctica .
The Gruvleflesa Knolls ( 71 ° 44′S 8 ° 50′E ) are two low rock knolls rising above the glacial moraine just west of the Gruvletindane Crags , in the Kurze Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
The Meyer Hills ( 79 ° 47′S 81 ° 6′W ) are a small group of hills located between the Enterprise Hills and the head of Constellation Inlet , in the Heritage Range , Ellsworth Mountains , Antarctica .
Ilinden Peak ( Vrah Ilinden \'vr&h ' i - lin - den\ ) is an ice - covered peak rising to 620 m in Breznik Heights on Greenwich Island , Antarctica .
The Lister Heights ( 80 ° 31′S 28 ° 35′W ) are rock heights on the east side of Stratton Glacier , 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) southwest of Flat Top in the western part of the Shackleton Range , Antarctica .
Sayer Nunatak is a rocky peak rising to 210 m south of Williams Point on Varna Peninsula , at the north edge of the ice cap of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
The Haslam Heights ( 67 ° 25′S 67 ° 30′W ) are a line of peaks trending north - northeast -- south - southwest , rising to about 1,000 metres ( 3,300 ft ) to the west of Vallot Glacier and Nye Glacier in Arrowsmith Peninsula , Graham Land , Antarctica .
Austskjera is a group of rocks ( skerries ) in Antarctica , lying close to the coast about 9 kilometres ( 5 nmi ) east of Cape Daly , 4 kilometres ( 2 nmi ) east - southeast of Safety Island , and 3 kilometres ( 1.5 nmi ) east - southeast of Landmark Point .
Iselin Seamount is a seamount in the southern ocean off Antarctica .
Mill Glacier is a tributary glacier , 10 nautical miles ( 19 km ) wide , flowing northwest between the Dominion Range and the Supporters Range into Beardmore Glacier , Antarctica .
Marshall Valley ( 78 ° 4′S 164 ° 12′E ) is a small valley in Antarctica , ice free except for Rivard Glacier at its western head .
McLin Glacier ( 71 ° 12′S 163 ° 27′E ) is a tributary glacier which flows north of McKenzie Nunatak into Graveson Glacier , in the Bowers Mountains of Antarctica .
Knezevich Rock ( 76 ° 10′S 112 ° 0′W ) is a rock outcrop on the lower part of the north slope of Mount Takahe in Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Kennedy Cove ( 64 ° 45′S 64 ° 5′W ) is a cove in Wylie Bay , Antarctica , located north of Loudwater Cove .
Dañobeitia Crag ( Bulgarian : хълм Даньобеития , `` Halm Dañobeitia '' \'h&lm da - nyo - be - i-'ti - ya\ ) is the sharp rocky hill rising to 205 m on the north coast of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
The Knappane Peaks ( 72 ° 38′S 4 ° 12′W ) are a string of separated rock peaks just west of Nålegga Ridge , on the west side of Borg Massif in Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
The Kendall Rocks ( 63 ° 30′S 59 ° 49′W ) are a group of pillar - shaped rocks , lying 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) north of Tower Island in the Palmer Archipelago , Antarctica .
Enyo Glacier ( 77 ° 29′S 162 ° 1′E ) is a south - flowing glacier 0.6 nautical miles ( 1.1 km ) long situated east of Sandy Glacier in the eastern part of the Olympus Range , in the McMurdo Dry Valleys of Antarctica .
Mount Kendrick ( 86 ° 22′S 156 ° 40′W ) is a massive ice - covered mountain , 3,610 metres ( 11,840 ft ) high , surmounting the east side of the Nilsen Plateau at the head of Bartlett Glacier , in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica .
Mistake Peak ( 77 ° 26′S 160 ° 14′E ) is a snowy peak , about 2,600 metres ( 8,500 ft ) high , rising 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) west - southwest of Shapeless Mountain , at the south end of the Willett Range in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
The Howard Hills ( 67 ° 6′S 51 ° 9′E ) are an area of low hills and meltwater lakes south of Beaver Glacier in the northeastern part of the Scott Mountains , Enderby Land , Antarctica .
Ogled Peak ( Bulgarian : връх Оглед , `` Vrah Ogled '' \'vr&h ' o - gled\ ) is the ice - covered peak rising to over 700 m in the north foothills of Louis - Philippe Plateau on Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land , Antarctica .
Hell Gates ( 62 ° 40′20.3``S 61 ° 10′46.4''W ) is a narrow ( 20 m wide ) boat passage between the Vardim Rocks and Devils Point on Byers Peninsula , connecting Raskuporis Cove and Osogovo Bay at the southwest end of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Cape Evans is a rocky cape on the west side of Ross Island , Antarctica , forming the north side of the entrance to Erebus Bay .
The Favela Rocks ( 76 ° 12′S 145 ° 21′W ) are a group of rocks at the northwest end of the Phillips Mountains , 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) northwest of Mount June , in the Ford Ranges of Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Horseshoe Nunatak ( 81 ° 52′S 158 ° 25′E ) is a horseshoe - shaped nunatak in the Churchill Mountains of Antarctica , located 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) west of Mount Hoskins on the north side of the upper portion of Starshot Glacier .
McClary Ridge ( 66 ° 55′S 64 ° 9′W ) is a small , crescent - shaped ridge 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) south - southeast of Mount Hayes on the south side of Cole Peninsula in Graham Land , Antarctica .
Lientur Channel ( 64 ° 50′S 63 ° 0′W ) is a channel between Lemaire Island and Bryde Island connecting Paradise Harbor with Gerlache Strait , off the west coast of Graham Land , Antarctica .
The British Antarctic Territory ( BAT ) is a sector of Antarctica claimed by the United Kingdom as one of its 14 British Overseas Territories and is the largest .
Léonie Island is the largest and westernmost of the Léonie Islands , 2 kilometres ( 1 nmi ) in diameter and 455 metres ( 1,500 ft ) high , lying in the entrance to Ryder Bay along the southeast side of Adelaide Island , Antarctica .
Mariner Hill ( 71 ° 51′S 68 ° 20′W ) is a prominent snow - free conical hill , rising to about 500 metres ( 1,600 ft ) midway between Syrtis Hill and Two Step Cliffs , situated in the southeastern portion of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Kvithø Peak ( 72 ° 29′S 1 ° 13′E ) is an isolated peak rising above the ice 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ) southeast of Kvitkjolen Ridge , in the Sverdrup Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Rippon Glacier is a small glacier located in Kemp Land , Australian Antarctic Territory , East Antarctica .
Mount Harrington ( 72 ° 45′S 168 ° 57′E ) is one of the highest peaks in the east end of the Victory Mountains , Victoria Land , Antarctica , rising to 2,610 metres ( 8,560 ft ) on the west side of Whitehall Glacier and 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) southwest of Mount Northampton .
Langhofer Island is a small ice - covered island with a rock outcrop near the south end , lying at the north edge of the Abbot Ice Shelf , Antarctica , and 1 kilometre ( 0.5 nmi ) east of McNamara Island .
Mount Moonie ( 70 ° 13′S 65 ° 7′E ) is a mountain just south of Mount Dart and 1 nautical mile ( 2 km ) west of Mount Cardell in the Athos Range of the Prince Charles Mountains in Antarctica .
Cape Mackintosh is a low , ice - covered cape forming the northern tip of Kemp Peninsula and the east entrance point to Mason Inlet , on the east coast of Palmer Land , Antarctica .
Islands Point ( 71 ° 28′S 169 ° 31′E ) is a high rock point separating Berg Bay and Relay Bay , lying along the west shore of Robertson Bay in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Lear Spire ( 78 ° 5′S 161 ° 30′E ) is a distinctive pointed spire rising to 2,470 metres ( 8,100 ft ) , 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) south of Ugolini Peak , Colwell Massif , in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Harmony Cove ( 62 ° 19′S 59 ° 12′W ) is a cove entered between Harmony Point and The Toe on the west side of Nelson Island , in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
The Warme Bode is the right - hand headstream of the River Bode in the High Harz mountains of central Germany in the states of Lower Saxony and Saxony - Anhalt .
The Prince Edward Viaduct System , commonly referred to as the Bloor Viaduct , is the name of a truss arch bridge system in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , that connects Bloor Street East , on the west side of the system , with Danforth Avenue on the east .
Prince of Wales Collegiate is a public high school located in St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
The German Red Cross ( German : Deutsches Rotes Kreuz , German pronunciation : ( ˈdɔʏtʃəs ˈʁoːtəs kʁɔʏts ) ) , or the DRK , is the national Red Cross Society in Germany .
Ami'ad ( Hebrew : עַמִּיעַד ) is a kibbutz in northern Israel .
Vranići ( Serbian Cyrillic : Вранићи ) is a village in the municipality of Čačak , Serbia .
The Arrondissement of Ostend ( Dutch : Arrondissement Oostende ; French : Arrondissement d'Ostende ) is one of the eight administrative arrondissements in the Province of West Flanders , Belgium .
La Pitié is a chapel in the commune of Mellionnec in the Côtes - d'Armor department in Brittany in north - western France .
Philippine Standard Time ( Filipino : Pamantayang Oras ng Pilipinas , abbreviated PST ) , also known as Philippine Time ( PHT ) and informally Juan Time , is the official name for the time in the Philippines .
Distinction of the town is the Sirpur Paper Mills , one of the biggest paper mills in India and hence the name Sirpur Kagaznagar . Hyderabad Airport is the nearest airport . Sirpur Town Railway Station and Sirpur Kagaznagar Railway Station serve the town .
Bungulu is a commune of the city of Beni in North Kivu , Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Nabi Allah ( Persian : نبي اله‎‎ , also Romanized as Nabī Āllah ) is a village in Shalal and Dasht - e Gol Rural District , in the Central District of Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Miłosław ( mʲiˈwɔswaf ) ( German : Liebenstädt ) is a town in Września County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , Poland , with 3,627 inhabitants .
Smíchov ( German : Smichow ) is ( since 1909 ) a district of Prague , the capital of the Czech Republic , and is part of Prague 5 .
The Jungfrau - Aletsch protected area ( officially Swiss Alps Jungfrau - Aletsch ) is located in south - western Switzerland between the cantons of Berne and Valais .
Leupung -- also spelled `` Leupueng '' , is a town in the district ( Kabupaten / Kota ) of Aceh Besar , close to the city of Banda Aceh , the capital of the special territory of Aceh , Indonesia , on the island of Sumatra .
Tamassari is a town in western Burkina Faso near Sindou and near the border with Mali .
Vouzela ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( vowˈzɛlɐ ) ) is a municipality in the district Viseu in Portugal .
Çatak ( Kurdish : Şax , Armenian : Շատախ Šatax ) is a district of Van Province of Turkey , near the border with Iran .
Taldou District ( Arabic : منطقة تلدو , translit . : manṭiqat Taldou ) is a district of the Homs Governorate in central Syria .
Éourres is a commune in the Hautes - Alpes department in southeastern France .
Mangamuka is a district in Northland , New Zealand , at the junction of the Mangamuka and Opurehu Rivers .
With a top at 431.3 metres ( 1,036 ft ) above sea level , the nearby Rø Transmission Tower reaches the highest elevation in Denmark .
Nanyang Siang Pau or Nanyang Business Daily ( simplified Chinese : 南洋商报 ; traditional Chinese : 南洋商報 ; pinyin : Nányáng Shāngbào ) was founded by philanthropist - entrepreneur Tan Kah Kee on 6 September 1923 in Singapore , currently published in Malaysia .
Karachay Autonomous Oblast was an autonomous oblast in the Soviet Union created on 26 April 1926 .
Zaļā Manor ( Latvian : Zaļā muiža ) is a manor house in the historical region of Courland , in Latvia .
Roccella Ionica ( also known as Roccella Jonica or simply as Roccella ) is a town and comune located on the Ionian Sea in Calabria , southern Italy .
Pungarehu is a small town located on Surf Highway 45 in Taranaki , New Zealand .
The Geeraard de Duivelsteen ( `` Geeraard the Devil Castle '' ) is a 13th century gothic architecture building in Ghent , Belgium .
Mastala ( Urdu:مستاله ) is a village in Gujar Khan Tehsil , Rawalpindi District in the Punjab of Pakistan .
Na Kaeo ( Thai : นาแก้ว ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Ko Kha District , in Lampang Province , Thailand .
Hovseter comes under Vestre Aker kommune and lies between Røa and Holmen in Oslo , Norway .
Royal Air Force Station Geilenkirchen , more commonly known as RAF Geilenkirchen , was a Royal Air Force station in the North Rhine - Westphalia region of Germany , built by the British who used the facility mainly as an airfield for RAF fighter squadrons from May 1953 until 21 January 1968 .
Machowa ( maˈxɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilzno , within Dębica County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Municipal Okrug 78 ( Russian : муниципа́льный о́круг № 78 ) is a municipal okrug of Tsentralny District of the federal city of St. Petersburg , Russia .
The 24 Hours Nürburgring is a 24-hour annual touring car and GT endurance racing event on the Nordschleife ( north loop ) of the Nürburgring in central Germany .
The Centro de Estudios Políticos y Constitucionales ( CEPC ) , known during the Francoist period as the Instituto de Estudios Políticos , is an autonomous agency associated with the Ministry for the Presidency , Spain .
Cuq - Toulza ( Occitan : Cuc Tolzan , meaning dark of Toulouse ) is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France .
Awtas or Autas is a location in Saudi Arabia where the Battle of Hunayn and the Battle of Autas took place .
Bonnevoie ( Luxembourgish : Bouneweg , German : Bonneweg ) is an area of south - eastern Luxembourg City , in southern Luxembourg .
Tell Abyad District ( Arabic : منطقة تل أبيض‎ , translit . manṭiqat Tall Abyaḍ ; Kurdish : Devera Girê Spî‎ ) is a district of the ar - Raqqah Governorate in northern Syria .
Kupon - e Vosta ( Persian : كوپن وسطي‎ , also Romanized as Kūpon - e Vosţá ; also known as Kovīn - e Vasaţ , Kūpān - e Vosţá , and Kūpon - e Mīānī ) is a village in Rostam - e Seh Rural District , Sorna District , Rostam County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Culișer Canal ( Romanian Canalul Culișer , Hungarian Köleseț ) is an artificial canal , starting from the Crişul Negru River upstream of the village of Tăuţ in Romania .
Chanthaburi Province Stadium ( Thai : สนามกีฬาจังหวัดจันทบุรี ) is a multi - purpose stadium in Chanthaburi province , Thailand .
Bukit Bunga is a border village of the Malaysia - Thailand border in Kelantan , Malaysia .
Paulin Dvor ( Serbian Cyrillic : Паулин Двор ) is a village in the municipality of Šodolovci , eastern Croatia , population 76 ( census 2011 ) .
Lynnwood Manor is a suburb of the city of Pretoria , South Africa .
As it is 5,821 metres ( 19,098 ft ) long ( northbound tube ) , Mala Kapela Tunnel is the longest tunnel in Croatia .
Bom Jardim de Goiás is a municipality in western Goiás state , Brazil .
Liyuanliao Station ( Chinese : 梨園寮車站 ; pinyin : Líyuánliáo Chēzhàn ) is an unmanned railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration ( TRA ) Alishan Forest Railway Line located in Meishan Township , Chiayi County , Taiwan .
Märsta ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ˈmæʂˑʈa ) ; roughly pronounced MASH - tah ) is a suburb of Metropolitan Stockholm , a locality and the seat of Sigtuna Municipality , Stockholm County , Sweden with 24,068 inhabitants in 2010 .
Jaksa Waterfall is a small waterfall in Bogor , West Java , Indonesia .
Marina City Park is a park in Singapore , located at Marina South , with entrances at Marina Boulevard and Marina Park .
Rybnik Power Station is a hard coal - fired power station at Rybnik in Poland .
Dargov ( 1948 - 1964 Drahov ; Hungarian : Dargó ) is a village and municipality in the Trebišov District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia .
Buku Mera is a village situated midways up a mountain range , in the East Timor Liquiçá District .
Secemin ( sɛˈt͡sɛmin ) is a village in Włoszczowa County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Lundby Old Church ( Swedish : Lundby gamla kyrka ) is a church in Lundby , a borough of Gothenburg , Sweden .
Nevropoli Agrafon ( Greek : Νευρόπολη Αγράφων ) is a former municipality in the Karditsa regional unit , Thessaly , Greece .
Muisne is a coastal town in the southwest of the province of Esmeraldas in northwestern Ecuador , with 5,925 inhabitants in the last Ecuadorian census in 2010 .
Bank BGŻ ( UCI Team Code : BGZ ) was a continental cycling team based in Poland that participated in UCI Continental Circuits races .
Dečja Vas pri Zagradcu ( pronounced ( ˈdeːtʃja ˈʋaːs pɾi zaˈɡɾaːtsu ) ; Slovene : Dečja vas pri Zagradcu ) is a village on the right bank of the Krka River opposite Zagradec in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
Malinik ( Serbian Cyrillic : Малиник ) is a mountain in eastern Serbia .
Antey - Saint - André is a comune in the Aosta Valley region of northwestern Italy .
The Bundesstraße 96 ( B 96 ) is a federal highway in Germany .
Dornbirn is the largest city in Vorarlberg and the tenth largest in Austria .
Carnon viaduct carries the railway from Truro to Falmouth ( now branded the ' Maritime Line ' ) over the valley of the Carnon River in west Cornwall , United Kingdom .
The Central Moravian Carpathians ( Czech : Středomoravské Karpaty ) are a mountain range within the Czech Republic belonging to the Outer Western Carpathians .
Zabłudów ( zaˈbwuduf ) ( Belarusian : Заблудаў , Zabłudaŭ ) is a town in Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
City Palace , Jaipur , which includes the Chandra Mahal and Mubarak Mahal palaces and other buildings , is a palace complex in Jaipur , the capital of the Rajasthan state , India .
Qarnayel ( Arabic : قرنايل‎ ) is a village and municipality in the Baabda District of the Mount Lebanon Governorate in Lebanon .
Reinhausen is the largest village in the municipality ( Gemeinde ) Gleichen in the district Göttingen , Germany .
Shalvari ( Persian : شلوري‎ , also Romanized as Shalvārī ; also known as Shīlvand ) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District , Hurand District , Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Doab - e Zali ( Persian : دوآب زالي‎ , also Romanized as Doāb - e Zālī and Do Āb Zālī ; also known as Zālī Do Āb and Zālī - ye Dowāb ) is a village in Nurali Rural District , in the Central District of Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Saint - Quay - Portrieux ( Breton : Sant - Ke - Porzh - Olued ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
Bakhtar Afghan Airlines was an airline from Afghanistan , which offered domestic flights .
The Yuna River ( Spanish : Río Yuna ) is the second longest river in the Dominican Republic at 185.17 km ( 115.06 miles ) in length .
Manne Island is an island of Papua New Guinea , located of the northwest coast of New Ireland .
Kfar Beit ( also known as كفر بيت , Kfar Beït , Kafr Bayt or Kfarbeet ) is a Lebanese village in the south of Lebanon .
Canada House is the home of the Canadian High Commission to the United Kingdom .
The Mount Royal Arena was an indoor arena located in Montreal , Quebec , Canada at the corner of Mount Royal and St. Urbain Street .
Zami River is a river of Burma ( Myanmar ) , arising at 15 ° 17′16``N 98 ° 15′37''E in southern Kayin State .
Polesie Landscape Park ( Poleski Park Krajobrazowy ) is a protected area ( Landscape Park ) in eastern Poland , established in 1983 , covering an area of 51.13 square kilometres ( 19.74 sq mi ) .
Yeli - ye Olya ( Persian : يلي عليا‎ , also Romanized as Yelī - ye `` Olyā ; also known as Yelī ) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District , Abish Ahmad District , Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 163 , in 35 families .
Pugh 's Almanac was an annual almanac published in Queensland , Australia .
Kokoriči ( pronounced ( kɔˈkoːɾitʃi ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Križevci in northeastern Slovenia .
Hohenau an der March ( Czech : Cáhnov , Slovak : Cahnov ) is a town in the district of Gänserndorf in the Austrian state of Lower Austria , close to Vienna and the borders with the Czech Republic and Slovakia .
Gaucín is a town and municipality located in the mountains of Andalusia in the province of Málaga in southern Spain .
Predole ( pronounced ( ˈpɾeːdɔlɛ ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Grosuplje in central Slovenia .
The Moritzbastei was built as a bastion in between 1551 - 1554 under the supervision of the mayor Hieronymus Lotter , who was also responsible for Leipzig 's Altes Rathaus ( old town hall ) which is one of the most important Renaissance buildings in Germany .
Komedianten ( `` The Trouper '' ) is a cultural centre with a public library , art gallery and performing operations in Varberg , Sweden .
The Bendigo Box - Ironbark Region is a 505 km2 fragmented and irregularly shaped tract of land that encompasses all the box - ironbark forest and woodland remnants used as winter feeding habitat by swift parrots in the Bendigo - Maldon region of central Victoria , south - eastern Australia .
Orango is one of the Bijagós Islands , located 60 kilometers ( 38 miles ) off the coast of mainland Guinea - Bissau .
Mohammad - e Olya ( Persian : محمدعليا‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammad - e `` Olyā ; also known as Mollā’ī ) is a village in Kheyrgu Rural District , Ala - e Marvdasht District , Lamerd County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 160 , in 33 families .
Staicele parish ( Latvian : Staiceles pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Aloja Municipality , Latvia .
The Deutsche Film- und Fernsehakademie Berlin ( dffb , German Film and Television Academy Berlin ) is a film school in Berlin , Germany .
Palmietfontein Airport was an airport situated to the south of Johannesburg , South Africa , in the mid-1940s to early 1950s .
Stjør- and Verdal District Court ( Norwegian : Stjør- og Verdal tingrett ) was a district court located in Levanger , Norway .
Pregarje ( pronounced ( pɾɛˈɡaːrjɛ ) ; Italian : Pregara ) is a village west of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Gare de Nointel - Mours is a railway station located in Nointel ( Val - d'Oise department ) , France .
Markuszów ( marˈkuʂuf ) is a village in Puławy County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Khao Phing Kan ( Thai : เขาพิงกัน ) or Ko Khao Phing Kan ( เกาะเขาพิงกัน ) is an island in Thailand , in Phang Nga Bay northeast of Phuket .
Talvar Bolaghi ( Persian : تلواربلاغي‎ , also Romanized as Talvār Bolāghī ) is a village in Kolah Boz - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Mołdawin ( mɔwˈdavin ) ( German : Maldewin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radowo Małe , within Łobez County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Chew Cottage is an historic building in Wellington , New Zealand .
2007 S.League was the twelfth season of Singapore 's professional football league .
Rimini ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈriːmini ) ; Latin : Ariminum ) is a city of 146,606 inhabitants in the Emilia - Romagna region of Italy and capital city of the Province of Rimini .
Toronto and Region Conservation Authority ( TRCA ) or Office de protection de la nature de Toronto et de la région is one of 36 conservation authorities in Ontario , Canada .
The Swiss Institute for Experimental Cancer Research ( ISREC , French : Institut suisse de recherche expérimentale sur le cancer ) is a not - for - profit institution founded in 1964 and located in Épalinges , Switzerland .
Nea Kios ( Greek : Νέα Κίος ) , is a village and former municipality in Argolis , Peloponnese , Greece .
Central African Red Cross Society also known as CARC was founded in 1966.It has its head in Bangui , Central African Republic .
The Farmer & Settler , later published as The Farmer & Settler and Livestock Breeders Journal , was an English - language broadsheet newspaper published in Sydney , New South Wales , Australia between 1906 and 1957 .
Fort Douaumont ( French Fort de Douaumont ) was the largest and highest fort on the ring of 19 large defensive forts protecting the city of Verdun , France since the 1890s .
Morne Trois Pitons National Park is a World Heritage Site ( since 1997 ) located in the Caribbean island of Dominica .
`` Ko e Iki he Lagi '' ( English : The Lord in Heaven ) , also titled in English as `` Lord in heaven , Thou art merciful '' , is the national anthem of Niue .
Junglinster ( Luxembourgish : Jonglënster ) is a commune and town in central Luxembourg in the district Grevenmacher with 5,813 inhabitants .
Saly ( also called Sali or Saly Portudal ) is a seaside resort area on the Petite Côte of Senegal , south of Dakar .
Rosni Peak ( Albanian : Maja e Rosit ; Serbian : Rosni Vrh/Росни Врх ) is the highest peak of a mountain named Bjelić , located on the border between Albania and Montenegro .
Pithiviers internment camp was a Nazi transit camp in Pithiviers , France during the Second World War .
Waipatiki Beach is a small coastal village in Hastings District , Hawke 's Bay , New Zealand .
Rauna Castle ( German : Rownenborgh , Ronneburg ) ruins are located in the village of Rauna , in Cēsis District , Latvia .
Hemmat ( Persian : همت‎ ) is a village in Rostaq Rural District , Rostaq District , Darab County , Fars Province , Iran .
Melbourne Park is a sports venue in the Melbourne Sports and Entertainment Precinct in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Kvilda ( German : Außergefild ) is a village in Prachatice District , South Bohemian Region , Czech Republic .
Błuskajmy Wielkie ( bwusˈkai̯mɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) ( German : Groß Bloßkeim ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Coill Dubh ( Irish pronunciation : ( kəilʲ d̪ˠʊw ) or ( kəilʲ d̪ˠʊv ) ) is a town in Ireland in northern County Kildare , at the junction of the R403 and R408 regional roads , about 40 km ( 25 mi ) from Dublin .
Indemini ( Italian pronunciation : ( inˈdeːmini ) ) is a former municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Jarqavieh Sofla District ( Persian : بخش جرقویه سفلی‎ ; Lower Jarqavieh District ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The so - called Montagsloch in Essen was a building project during the time of National Socialism in Germany .
Sørvágsfjørður is a fjord on the west - side of the island Vágoy in the Faroe Islands which is approximately 3.5 km ( 2.2 mi ) long .
Fatima Gate , also known as the Good Fence Crossing , is a former border crossing between Lebanon and Israel .
Sembuwatta Lake ( sinhala : සෙම්ඹුවත්ත ) is a tourist attraction situated at Elkaduwa in the Matale District of Sri Lanka , adjacent to the Campbell 's Lane Forest Reserve .
Betano is a village and suco in southwest of Manufahi District , East Timor .
Babol ( Persian : بابل‎‎ , pronunciation , also Romanized as Bābol ; formerly known as Bārforush ) is the capital of Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Rathaus Rapperswil is the former Rathaus of the city government of medieval town of Rapperswil , Canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland .
Fremantle Town Hall is a town hall located in the portside city of Fremantle , Western Australia and situated on the corner of High , William and Adelaide Streets .
Kaeng Khoi Line is a railway line of Greater Bangkok Commuter rail , operated by State Railway of Thailand ( SRT ) .
The Bergisel is a hill ( 746 m ) that lies to the south of Innsbruck , Austria , in the area of Wilten , where the Sill river meets the Inn Valley .
Latvijas Televīzija ( Latvian Television or LTV ) is the state - owned public service broadcasting television company in Latvia .
Hueinahue River is a river in Futrono and Lago Ranco communes , southern Chile .
The 1933 Baffin Bay earthquake struck Greenland and the Northwest Territories ( now Nunavut ) , Canada with a moment magnitude of 7.7 at 18:21:35 Eastern Time Zone on November 20 .
English Caye Light is an active lighthouse on a small island in Belize .
The Makalu Barun National Park is the eighth national park in the Himalayas of Nepal and was established in 1992 as eastern extension of the Sagarmatha National Park .
Boćki ( ˈbɔt͡ɕkʲi ) ( Ukrainian : Ботьки , Bot’ky ; Yiddish : בודקי‎ ) is a village in Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Upper Harbour Bridge ( also called Greenhithe Bridge ) is a motorway bridge which is technically two bridges as of 2006 spanning over a reach of the Waitemata Harbour and connects Hobsonville ( in Waitakere City ) and Greenhithe ( in North Shore City ) , New Zealand .
The orchestra of Felix Meritis was regarded as the best of the Netherlands and accompanied many Dutch premieres , directed by conductors such as Johannes Bernardus van Bree .
Allahabad - e Do ( Persian : الله آباد2‎ , also Romanized as Allahābād - e Do ; also known as Allahābād ) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District , Negin Kavir District , Fahraj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Risskov is the name of both a neighbourhood and a district in the city of Aarhus , Denmark .
Seydun ( Persian : صيدون‎ ; also Romanized as Şeydūn ; also known as Şeydān ) is a city in and the capital of Seydun District , in Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Kirgiz - Miyaki ( Russian : Кирги́з-Мияки́ ; Bashkir : Ҡырғыҙ-Миәкә , Qyrğyð - Miäkä ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Miyakinsky District of the Republic of Bashkortostan , Russia .
Kon Tum is the capital town of Kon Tum Province in Vietnam .
Rasht District or Nohiyai Rasht ( Tajik : Ноҳияи Рашт/Tajik ناحیهٔ رشت ) , formerly called Gharm District , is an eastern district in the Region of Republican Subordination in Tajikistan .
Nyhamna is a small peninsula on the northeast side of the island of Gossa in Aukra Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Meriton is Australia 's largest apartment developer and also the country 's biggest residential home builder founded by Harry Triguboff AO , its managing director , in 1963 .
Portendick is an abandoned coastal city in western Mauritania .
Daejeon Metro ( Hangul : 대전도시철도 ; hanja : 大田都市鐵道 ; RR : Daejeon dosicheoldo ) is the rapid transit system of Daejeon , South Korea , operated by the Daejeon Metropolitan Express Transit Corporation ( DjeT , or Daejeon Metro ) .
Linnaeus ' Hammarby ( Swedish : Linnés Hammarby ) is a historic house museum , and one of three botanical gardens belonging to Uppsala University , located in Sweden .
Lac d'Apremont ( or Lac de Retenue de Barrage d'Apremont ) is a reservoir in Vendée , France .
Cat Lake First Nation is an Ojibway First Nation reserve approximately 180 kilometres northwest of Sioux Lookout in northwestern Ontario , Canada , located on the central north shore of Cat Lake .
Gorzków - Wieś ( ˈɡɔʂkuf ˈvjɛɕ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzków , within Krasnystaw County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Ninghe District ( simplified Chinese : 宁河区 ; traditional Chinese : 寧河區 ; pinyin : Nínghé Qū ; literally : `` Tranquil River '' ) is a district of the municipality of Tianjin , People 's Republic of China , located in the rural northeast part of the municipality .
Munderkingen is the smallest town in the district of Alb - Donau in Baden - Württemberg in Germany .
Deninu School is a K-12 public school located in Fort Resolution , Northwest Territories , Canada .
Ansina is a town in the Tacuarembó Department of northern - central Uruguay .
Edidi is a town in the Kwara State of southwestern Nigeria , inhabited by the Yoruba people .
`` God Save the Tsar ! '' ( Russian : Боже , Царя храни ! ; transliteration : Bozhe , Tsarya khrani ! ) was the national anthem of the former Russian Empire .
Elcho Island is an island off the coast of Arnhem Land , Northern Territory , Australia .
Qızılkənd ( also , Kizyl - Kend and Kyzylkend ; old name Semënovka ) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Silesian Mountain Railway ( Polish : Śląska Kolej Górska ; German : Schlesische Gebirgsbahn ) is a railway line in south - west Poland .
The Treur River ( from Afrikaans : mourning river ) is a small river in the Drakensberg escarpment region of eastern Mpumalanga province , South Africa .
Piarco is the site of one of the few natural savannas in Trinidad and Tobago , the Piarco Savanna .
Volcán de Flores is the most prominent stratovolcano in a volcanic field composed of several small volcanoes in southern Guatemala .
Lubsko ( ˈlupskɔ ) ( German : Sommerfeld , Lower Sorbian : Žemŕ ) is a town in Żary County in the Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland .
Hajj Kaka ( Persian : حاج كاكا‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājj Kākā and Ḩāj Kākā ; also known as Deh Larz - e Ḩāj Kākā and Ḩājjī Kākā ) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The archaeological open - air museum Biskupin is an archaeological site and a life - size model of an Iron Age fortified settlement in Poland ( Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship ) .
Krzywań ( ˈkʂɨvaɲ ) ( German : Kriwan ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Konaklı , Ardanuç is a village in the District of Ardanuç , Artvin Province , Turkey .
Numbulwar Airport ( IATA : NUB , ICAO : YNUM ) is located 1.5 nautical miles ( 2.8 km ; 1.7 mi ) west of Numbulwar , Northern Territory , Australia
Gulcha ( Kyrgyz : Гүлчө ; Russian : Гульча ) is a mountain town in Osh Region of Kyrgyzstan .
Ktuts monastery ( Armenian : Կտուց , meaning beak in Armenian ) is an abandoned 15th century Armenian monastery on the small island of Ktuts ( Çarpanak ) in Lake Van , Vaspurakan ( present - day Turkey ) .
Gyakiti is a town in the east of Ghana .
West Head is the name of three separate headlands on New Zealand 's South Island .
The Island Public / Natural Science School ( also called Island PNSS , IPNSS or Island ) is a primary school located on Centre Island in the Toronto Islands in the Old Toronto region of Toronto , Canada .
Labastide - de - Virac is a commune in the Ardèche department in southern France It features a small fort dating back to the 16th century .
Delbaran ( Persian : دلبران‎ , also Romanized as Delbarān ; also known as Dīlbarān ) is a city in the Central District of Qorveh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Jeddah Hilton Hotel ( Arabic:فندق جدة هيلتون ) is a five - star hotel located in Jeddah , Saudi Arabia .
The Asubima Forest Reserve is a 7,870-hectare ( 19,400-acre ) protected area near Akumadan , Ghana and was established in 1945 .
Lac du Val is a lake in the Jura department of France .
Hajdučica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Хајдучица , Slovak : Hajdušica ) is a village in Serbia .
The Beng Per Wildlife Sanctuary is located in the northern plains of Cambodia .
UnionBank Plaza is an office skyscraper located in Pasig , Philippines .
The Ermenonville Forest ( French : Forêt d'Ermenonville ) is a state - owned forest in Oise , France .
Enonsaari ( 61 ° 1′55``N 25 ° 35′45''E ) is an island on Enonselkä Basin , Lake Vesijärvi , in Lahti of southern Finland .
The Hack Circle or Hack was a nickname given to an amphitheatre in central Christchurch , New Zealand .
The JR Central Towers are in Nakamura - ku in the city of Nagoya , central Japan .
Gościm ( ˈɡɔɕt͡ɕim ) ( German : Gottschimm ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drezdenko , within Strzelce - Drezdenko County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Kushk District is situated in the northern part of Herat Province , Afghanistan and may also may be referred to as Rubat - i - Sangin or Rabat - e - Sangi .
Telekgerendás is a small village in Békés County , in the Southern Great Plain region of south - east Hungary .
The Olvios ( Greek : Όλβιος ) is a river that flows in western Corinthia in the northern Peloponnese in Greece .
Gmina Żarów is an urban - rural gmina ( administrative district ) in Świdnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Chapada dos Veadeiros National Park ( Portuguese : Parque Nacional da Chapada dos Veadeiros ) is a national park of Brazil located in the Chapada dos Veadeiros , an ancient plateau with an estimated age of 1.8 billion years .
Pszczelnik ( ˈpʂt͡ʂɛlnik ) ( German : Kuhdamm ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz , within Myślibórz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Tempra Tantrum is a brand of wine produced by Osborne Group based in El Puerto de Santa María , Spain .
San Cristóbal Airport ( IATA : SCY , ICAO : SEST ) is an airport on the island of San Cristóbal , on the Galápagos Islands , Ecuador .
Al Warqaa ( Arabic : الورقاء‎ , al - warqāʾ ) , sometimes spelled Al Warqa`a is a locality in Dubai , United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) .
Tragheim Church ( German : Tragheimer Kirche ) was a Protestant church in the Tragheim quarter of Königsberg , Germany .
Staples Corner is a major road junction in London , United Kingdom .
The Gorgeous Geeks ( GG ) is an interest group based in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
The Buddha Dhatu Jadi ( Bengali : বুদ্ধ ধাতু জাদি ; also known as the Bandarban Golden Temple ) is located close to Balaghata town , in Bandarban City , in Bangladesh .
Ansan University ( Hangul : 안산대학교 ) is a two - year university located in Ansan City , Gyeonggi province , South Korea .
The British Judo Association ( BJA ) is the governing body for the Olympic Sport of Judo in the United Kingdom .
The Ofanto , known in ancient times as Aufidus , is a 170-kilometre ( 110 mi ) river in southern Italy that flows through the regions of Campania , Basilicata , and Apulia , into the Gulf of Manfredonia near Barletta .
Sewri is a locality along the eastern edge of South Mumbai , in Maharashtra , India .
The 3rd U - boat Flotilla ( German 3 . Unterseebootsflottille ) , also known as Lohs Flotilla , was the third operational U - boat unit in Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine .
Long Creek Bridge is a bridge that spans across the Long Creek 2 km from the US / Canada border and 15 km from Estevan , Saskatchewan , Canada .
The Barn River is a small river in a remote area of the Westland district of New Zealand .
Farnetta is included in the comune of Montecastrilli in the province of Terni ( central Italy ) .
Cape Torrens Wilderness Protection Area , formerly the Cape Torrens Conservation Park , is a protected area on Kangaroo Island , South Australia .
Ankaran ( pronounced ( aŋkaˈɾaːn ) ; Italian : Ancarano ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Ankaran , located near the border with Italy , in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Hiirenvesi is a medium - sized lake of eastern Finland .
Poraż ( ˈpɔraʂ ) ( Ukrainian : Пораж , Porazh ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagórz , within Sanok County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Sha'arei Mishpat College ( Hebrew : מכללת שערי משפט‎ , Miklelet Sha'arei Mishpat ) is a private law school in Hod HaSharon , Israel .
David Lloyd George Elementary School is an elementary school in the Marpole neighbourhood in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada , part of School District 39 Vancouver .
Boekenhouthoek is a small village situated in the Mpumalanga province of South Africa , it falls under the Nkangala District Municipality .
The Saudi Railways Organization ( SRO ) is one of two state - owned company that operates Saudi Arabia 's rail network .
Wólka Turowska ( ˈvulka tuˈrɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grójec , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Funar is a suco in the northwest of Laclubar subdistrict ( Manatuto District , East Timor ) .
The Ópera de Arame , in Portuguese , or the Wire Opera House , in English , is a theatre house located in the city of Curitiba , the capital of the state of Paraná , in south Brazil .
By that time , Campo Grande had long surpassed the latter 's capital city of Cuiabá in population , which is unusual in Brazil , where most capitals are also the states ' largest cities .
The Château du Plessis - Josso is a fortified 14th century manor house in the Morbihan département of France .
Nagalaphu is a Himalayan mountain peak located in the Pithoragarh district of Uttarakhand state in India .
Saint Mesrop Mashtots Cathedral is a 19th - century church in the Oshakan village of Aragatsotn Province , Armenia .
Plaza Baquedano is a major landmark in Santiago , Chile .
Jelovo ( pronounced ( jɛˈlɔːʋɔ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Radeče in eastern Slovenia .
Bhojakor is a village Panchayat in Lohawat tehsil of Jodhpur district in Rajasthan state of India .
Tazeh Kand - e Yuzbashi ( Persian : تازه كنديوزباشي‎ , also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand - e Yūzbāshī ; also known as Tāzeh Kand ) is a village in Meshgin - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Locqueltas ( Breton : Lokeltaz ) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north - western France .
Trnovačko Lake ( Bosnian , Serbian and Montenegrin : Trnovačko jezero , Трновачко језеро ) is a lake in northern Montenegro , best known for its heart - like shape .
Anhovo ( pronounced ( ˈaːŋ̩xɔvɔ ) ; Italian : Salona d'Isonzo , Anicova Corada before 1927 ) is a settlement on the right bank of the Soča River in the Municipality of Kanal in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Danaluy - e Kuchak ( Persian : دانالوي كوچك‎ , also Romanized as Dānālūy - e Kūchak ; also known as Dānālū - ye Kūchak ) is a village in Qaleh Darrehsi Rural District , in the Central District of Maku County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Jhat Pat , also spelt Jhatpat , is a sub - division of Jaffarabad District of Balochistan province Pakistan .
Orallo is a river in northern Spain , in the province of León .
The Glasgow Garden Festival was the third of the United Kingdom 's five National Garden Festivals , and the only one to take place in Scotland .
Przeciszów ( pʂɛˈt͡ɕiʂuf ) is a village in Oświęcim County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Kariz Sukhteh - ye Dowlatabad ( Persian : كاريزسوخته دولت اباد‎ , also Romanized as Kārīz Sūkhteh - ye Dowlatābād ; also known as Kārīz Sūkhteh , Dowlatābād , and Kārīz Sūkhtah ) is a village in Qalandarabad Rural District , Qalandarabad District , Fariman County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
International American School of Warsaw ( or I.A.S ) is the first private American School , of the post - Communist period , located in Warsaw , Poland .
The Santa Barbara Parish Church and Convent ( Spanish : Iglesia y Convento de Santa Bárbara ) , also called as Santa Barbara Church , is located in the municipality of Santa Barbara , Iloilo , Philippines under the Archdiocese of Jaro .
The 21st Century Museum of Contemporary Art , Kanazawa is a museum of contemporary art located in Kanazawa , Ishikawa , Japan .
Tarbela Dam Airport ( IATA : TLB , ICAO : OPTA ) is located near the Indus River in the Haripur District of Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa in Pakistan , and is part of the Tarbela Dam project .
Al Bahiyah is a small village near the coast in the Lahij Governorate of south - western Yemen .
In Italy , Ferrandina is famous for producing the highest level of quality olive oil .
The Kruisberg , also known as Oude Kruisberg or Oude Kruisens is a hill and road in the city of Ronse , in Flanders , Belgium .
Jusi is the residual of a volcano , an erosional outlier of the Swabian Alb , Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Kostel Castle ( Slovene : Grad Kostel ) is a castle above the settlement of Kostel in southeastern Slovenia .
Filochy ( fiˈlɔxɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwin , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Prokuplje ( Serbian Cyrillic : Прокупље , Serbian pronunciation : ( prǒkupʎe ) ) is a town and municipality located in the southern part of Serbia .
Qurichai ( Persian : قوريچاي‎ , also Romanized as Qūrīchā’ī and Qūrī Chāy ; also known as Quruchāi ) is a village in Sarab Rural District , in the Central District of Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Juventude Clube do Norte ( Capeverdean Crioulo , ALUPEC or ALUPEK : Juventudi du Norti and the São Vicente Crioulo : Juventud ' d ' Norte ) is a sports club that its football ( soccer ) team plays in the Boa Vista Island League in Cape Verde .
The Penang Undersea Tunnel is a tunnel that will begin construction in 2016 in Penang , Malaysia .
Hagenberg i m Mühlkreis is a town in the district of Freistadt in the Austrian state of Upper Austria 20 km from Linz .
Loni Bhapkar is village located in the Baramati Tehsil of Pune District , India .
Pardubice ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈpardubɪtsɛ ) ; German : Pardubitz ) is a city in the Czech Republic .
Mosėdis is a small town in northern Lithuania in Klaipeda County , best known for its stone collection .
An imperial decree signed by Napoleon I on 6 March 1808 , authorised the sale of the Hôtel de Toulouse to the Banque de France , which made it its official seat in 1811 .
Opravdići ( Cyrillic : Оправдићи ) is a village in the municipality of Bratunac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Centrache ( Greek : Kentrikos ) is a comune and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy .
Thunder Bay is a city in , and the seat of , Thunder Bay District , Ontario , Canada .
Front of Solidarity and Overthrow ( Greek : Μέτωπο Αλληλεγγύης και Ανατροπής abbreviated ΜΑΑ-MAA ) is a political party in Greece that split from the Coalition of the Radical Left .
Bdintsi is a village in the municipality of Dobrichka in Dobrich Province , which is located in northeastern Bulgaria .
The Markiz Island is a small island in the Kuybyshev Reservoir of the Volga River near Kazan , Tatarstan , Russia .
Jhuddo ( Sindhi : جهڏو‎ ) ( or Jhudo ) is a city in Mirpur Khas District , Sindh province , Pakistan with a population of 1.5 lac , it 's postcode is 69310 , Recently , it had acquired the status of Taluka .
The Seditious Meetings Act 1817 ( 57 Geo . III c. 19 ) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland which made it illegal to hold a meeting of more than 50 people .
The Grančarevo Dam is an arch dam on the Trebišnjica River near Gornje Grančarevo in the municipality of Trebinje in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Art Deco theaters of Manila are theaters constructed in the 1930s to 1950s built in Art Deco style , or a similar branch of the style like Streamline Moderne , in the Philippines .
Nagarbhavi is a residential area of Bangalore , Karnataka , India .
Żaki ( ˈʐaki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieczfnia Kościelna , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Arfersiorfik Fjord is a large fjord along the western coast of Greenland , between the town of Aasiaat to the north and Nordre Strømfjord to the south .
Kuteh ( Persian : كوته‎ , also Romanized as Kūteh ; also known as Kūteh - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Taftan - e Jonubi Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Perspectives II High School is an outreach high school in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Luvenga ( Russian : Лувеньга ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Kandalakshsky District of Murmansk Oblast , Russia , located beyond the Arctic Circle at a height of 30 meters ( 98 ft ) above sea level .
Växjö Småland Airport ( IATA : VXO , ICAO : ESMX ) is an airport in southeastern Sweden , in the southern part of the province of Småland .
Land Hadeln is a historic landscape and former administrative district in Northern Germany with its seat in Otterndorf on the Lower Elbe , the lower reaches of the River Elbe , in the Elbe - Weser Triangle between the estuaries of the Elbe and Weser .
Katowice railway station is a railway station in Katowice , Silesia , Poland , and the largest railway station in the Upper Silesian Industrial Region .
Qarah Hesarlu ( Persian : قره حصارلو‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Ḩeşārlū and Qareh Ḩeşārlū ; also known as Ḩeşārlū ) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu - e Pain Rural District , Qareh Poshtelu District , Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Aşağı Nemətabad ( also , Aşağı Ne’mətabad , Ashaga Neymetabad , Ashagy Neymetabad , Ashagy - Neymatabad , and Ermeni Neymetabad ) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Villa del Carmen or Carmen is a town in Durazno Department of central Uruguay , the third largest populated place in the department , after Durazno and Sarandí del Yí .
Khal Dalil ( Persian : خال دليل‎ , also Romanized as Khāl Dalīl ) is a village in Kani Bazar Rural District , Khalifan District , Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Setenyovo ( Russian : Сетенёво ) is a village ( selo ) in Pokrovsky District of Oryol Oblast , Russia .
The Xuzhou East Railway Station ( Chinese : 徐州东站 ) is a high - speed railway station in Xuzhou , Jiangsu , People 's Republic of China .
Sarnia Cherie is used as the anthem of the Bailiwick of Guernsey , one of the Channel Islands .
ZED-2 ( Zero Energy Deuterium ) is a zero - power nuclear research reactor built at the Chalk River Laboratories near Chalk River , Ontario , Canada .
Sucha Wieś ( ˈsuxa ˈvjɛɕ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raczki , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Wziąchowo Wielkie ( vʑɔ̃ˈxɔvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milicz , within Milicz County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Town of Camperdown was a local government area about 200 kilometres ( 124 mi ) west - southwest of Melbourne , the state capital of Victoria , Australia , centred on Camperdown .
Borysik ( bɔˈrɨɕik ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urszulin , within Włodawa County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Kalampur is a town in the Dharamgarh sub - division of the Kalahandi district in India 's Odisha State .
Amnuay Silpa School ( Thai : โรงเรียนอำนวยศิลป์ ) is a coeducational private school in Bangkok , Thailand .
Diviacka Nová Ves ( Hungarian : Divékújfalu , German : Divickneudorf ) is a village and municipality in Prievidza District in the Trenčín Region of western Slovakia .
The Cégep de Rimouski is a post - secondary education institution ( cégep : College of General and Professional Education ) located in Rimouski , Quebec , Canada .
Nagold is a town in southwestern Germany , bordering the Northern Black Forest .
OCTAVE Business School is an educational institution imparting management education to graduates in and around areas in Nagpur ( India ) .
Zheleznogorsk Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт Железногорск ) ( ICAO : UIBV ) is an airport in Russia located 10 km south of Zheleznogorsk - Ilimsky .
The burgh of Nairn was a parliamentary burgh , combined with the burghs of Inverness , Fortrose and Forres , in the Inverness Burghs constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1708 to 1918 .
Golds World of Judaica , ( known until 1999 as Golds Book and Gift Company ) , is the Southern Hemisphere 's largest Judaica store , as well as being Australia 's main importer , wholesaler and retailer of Judaica items .
Laxe ( Galician pronunciation : ( ˈlaʃe ) ) is a northwestern municipality of Spain in the province of A Coruña , in the autonomous community of Galicia .
Jurjevica ( pronounced ( ˈjuːɾjɛʋitsa ) ; German : Jurjowitz ) is a village west of the town of Ribnica in southern Slovenia .
Tenneville is a Walloon municipality of Belgium located in the province of Luxembourg .
Dam Saqaveh - ye Aziz ( Persian : دم سقاوه عزيز‎ , also Romanized as Dam Saqāveh - ye ʿAzīz ; also known as Dam Saqāveh ) is a village in Margown Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Qusūr is an area in Mubarak Al - Kabeer Governorate in Kuwait .
Big River Radio is a radio station in Balclutha , New Zealand broadcasting a local breakfast show .
Chillianwala Station Chak No . 1 , is a town located in the Mandi Bahauddin District , Punjab , Pakistan .
La Tourne ( el . 1170 m. ) is a high mountain pass in the Jura Mountains in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland .
Lake Zimbambo is a lake in the Malemba - Nkulu territory of Haut - Lomami District in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Rizal Park ( Filipino : Liwasang Rizal ) , also known as Luneta National Park or simply Luneta , is a historical urban park in the Philippines .
Mathura Das Mathur Hospital is the one of the largest hospitals in Jodhpur city , Rajasthan , India .
Məşədivəlli ( also , Məşədvəlli ) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Mae Wa National Park ( Thai : อุทยานแห่งชาติแม่วะ ) is a national park in Thailand 's Lampang and Tak provinces .
Mariscal Benavides District ( Spanish mariscal marshal ) is one of twelve districts of the province Rodríguez de Mendoza in Peru .
Susqueda Reservoir ( Catalan : Pantà de Susqueda ) is a reservoir located on the Ter river , near Osor , Catalonia , Spain .
Constantí is a town in the province of Tarragona and autonomous community of Catalonia , Spain .
Hafravatn is a small lake on the eastern outskirts of Reykjavík , Iceland .
Stawek - Kolonia ( ˈstavɛk kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cyców , within Łęczna County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Kiswarani ( Aymara kiswara Buddleja incana , -ni a suffix to indicate ownership , `` the one with kiswara '' , hispanicized spelling Quishuarani ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 4,800 metres ( 15,748 ft ) high .
Katharinenstraße 9 , also Catharinenstraße 9 , was a town house in the centre of Hamburg , Germany , built c. 1630 - 1640 .
Forsgrenska medborgarhuset or colloquially Medborgarhuset ( Swedish for `` The Civic Building '' ) is a civic hall in Stockholm , Sweden , located on the southern side of Medborgarplatsen , Södermalm .
Bo Waterside is a town in Grand Cape Mount County , Liberia on the Mano River .
Rasanan ( Persian : رسنان‎ , also Romanized as Rasanān ) is a village in Lavasan - e Bozorg Rural District , Lavasanat District , Shemiranat County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Glebe Point Road is the main road of the inner city suburb of Glebe in Sydney , Australia .
Naminjeh ( Persian : نمينجه‎ , also Romanized as Namīnjeh ) is a village in Piran Rural District , in the Central District of Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Palazzo Torrigiani Del Nero is a Renaissance - style palace located at Piazza de ' Mozzi 5 , down the street where the Ponte alle Grazie enters the Oltrarno in Florence , region of Tuscany , Italy .
Muwisa ( 무위사 ) is a Buddhist temple in Gangjin County , South Jeolla province , South Korea .
Furqlus ( Arabic : الفرقلس‎ , Furglus or Furklus ) is a town in central Syria , administratively part of the Homs Governorate , east of the city of Homs .
The Rudi Geodetic Point ( Romanian : Punctul Geodezic Rudi ) is a point of the Struve Geodetic Arc in Rudi , Moldova .
Mydłów ( ˈmɨdwuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iwaniska , within Opatów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Sisters of the Holy Names of Jesus and Mary ( Soeurs des Saints Noms de Jésus et de Marie ) is a teaching religious institute founded at Longueuil , Québec , Canada in 1843 by Blessed Mother Marie - Rose ( Eulalie Durocher , 1811- 1849 ) for the Christian education of young girls .
The Swedish Maritime Administration ( Swedish : Sjöfartsverket ) is the Government agency in Sweden which provides services to the transport sector by keeping the sea lanes open and safe .
Shir Maghz - e Pain ( Persian : شيرمغزپائين‎ , also Romanized as Shīr Maghz - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Nimbeluk Rural District , Nimbeluk District , Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Oum Moung is an Angkorian temple in Laos , near to Wat Phou .
Trinitatis Church is located in central Copenhagen , Denmark .
Gulomakeda ( also spelled Gulomahda ) is one of the woredas in the Tigray Region of Ethiopia .
Hassanabad Lankeh ( Persian : حسن‌آباد لنکه ‎ ) is a village in Nosratabad Rural District ( Sistan and Baluchestan Province ) , in the Central District of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Puerto Suárez is an inland river port and municipality in Santa Cruz Department , Bolivia .
The University of Medical Sciences , Cienfuegos ( also Medicine School of Cienfuegos : Dr. Raúl Dorticós Torrado ) was established in 1979 in Cienfuegos , Cuba .
Janežovci ( pronounced ( ˈjaːnɛʒɔu̯tsi ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Destrnik in northeastern Slovenia .
Shah Alam Circuit or Batu Tiga Speedway Circuit was a racing circuit in Malaysia .
The North German Plain or Northern Lowland is one of the major geographical regions of Germany .
Dlhé diely is a part of Bratislava , the capital of Slovakia , officially it is part of the Karlova Ves borough .
Napasar is one of the largest Gram Panchayat of India .
The Falschauer ( Italian : Valsura ; German : Falschauer ) is a river in South Tyrol , Italy .
Valad Khani ( Persian : ولدخاني‎ , also Romanized as Valad Khānī ) is a village in Padena - ye Olya Rural District , Padena District , Semirom County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Protection of the Holy Virgin Memorial Church is a Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia ( ROCOR ) church in Ottawa , Canada .
The Dupont de Ligonnès murders and disappearance involved the murder of five members of the same family in Nantes , in the département of Loire - Atlantique in north - western France , followed by the disappearance of the father of the family .
Retreat Passage is a short strait and marine waterway between Gilford Island ( E ) and Bonwick Island ( W ) in the Broughton Archipelago of the eastern Queen Charlotte Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia , Canada .
Blagaj Fort ( locally known as Stjepan grad ) is a town - fortress complex near the town of Blagaj , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Rusthof cemetery ( Dutch : begraafplaats Rusthof ) is located in Oud - Leusden , Leusden municipality , Utrecht Province , Netherlands .
Fletcher 's Fields is a rugby stadium in Markham , Ontario , Canada .
Thaton ( Burmese : သထုံမြို့ ; MLCTS : sa . htum mrui . ; Mon : သဓီု , ( kəthɜ̀m ) ) is a town in Mon State , in southern Myanmar on the Tenasserim plains .
The 2013 Toronto FC season was Toronto FC 's seventh season in Major League Soccer , the top tier of soccer in the United States and Canada .
The Carmen Miranda Museum tells the story of the artist who , in a short time became one of the icons of national culture of Brazil .
Tat Mok National Park ( Thai : อุทยานแห่งชาติตาดหมอก ) is a national park in Phetchabun Province , Thailand .
Queensland Tennis Centre , known during its development as the Tennyson Tennis Centre , is a tennis venue in Tennyson , Brisbane , Australia .
The University of New Brunswick College , Singapore was the first off - shore campus of Canada 's University of New Brunswick and the first by any Canadian institution in Singapore .
Qırlar ( also , Gyrlar and Kyrlar ) is a village in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Băneasa railway station is a railway station in the northern part of Bucharest , Romania .
Kemijärvi railway station is a railway station located in Kemijärvi , Finland .
Povorino ( Russian : Пово́рино ) is a town and the administrative center of Povorinsky District in the east of Voronezh Oblast , Russia .
Romanée - Conti is an Appellation d'origine contrôlée ( AOC ) and Grand Cru vineyard for red wine in the Côte de Nuits subregion of Burgundy , France , with Pinot noir as the primary grape variety .
Bzenov ( Hungarian : Berzenke ) is a village and municipality in Prešov District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia .
Szombierki ( German : Schomberg ) is a district of Bytom , Poland .
Šariš Castle ( Slovak : Šarišský hrad ) is a ruined Gothic and Renaissance era stone castle above the town of Veľký Šariš in Prešov District , Prešov Region , Slovakia .
Bergues ( Dutch : Sint - Winoksbergen ) is a commune in the Nord department in northern France .
Gajuwaka is an area lying approximately 15 km to the south of Visakhapatnam City in the state of Andhra Pradesh , India .
Ngwegweni is a village in Umzimvubu Local Municipality in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa , not far from Mount Ayliff .
Lanu ( Persian : لانو‎ , also Romanized as Lānū and Lanoo ; also known as Lāhnū ) is a village in Doreh Rural District , in the Central District of Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Ulążki ( uˈlɔ̃ʂki ) ( German : Ulonsk ; 1938 - 45 : Kleinrehbruch ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Trematon Castle is situated near Saltash in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
The Coppename Bridge ( Dutch : Coppenamebrug ) is a bridge over the Coppename River in Suriname , part of the East - West Link .
The Piani di Pezza is a glacial - karstic - alluvial plain in the province of L'Aquila , Abruzzo , central Italy .
Lava Fork is a creek in northwestern British Columbia , Canada and of the Alaska Panhandle , United States .
Mieściska ( mjɛɕˈt͡ɕiska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Duszniki , within Szamotuły County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Holmul is a pre - Columbian archaeological site of the Maya civilization , located in the northeastern Petén Basin region in Guatemala , near the modern - day border with Belize .
Veyhaj ( Persian : ويهج‎ , also Romanized as Vīhaj and Vīhej ; also known as Wahaj ) is a village in Badr Rural District , in the Central District of Qorveh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Tikokino is a village in the Central Hawke 's Bay District on the east coast of the North Island of New Zealand .
Dolna Mitropoliya ( Bulgarian : Долна Митрополия , `` Lower Bishopric '' ; also transliterated as Dolna Mitropolia , Dolna Mitropolija ) is a town in Pleven Province of northern Bulgaria , the administrative center of Dolna Mitropoliya municipality .
Boduszewo ( bɔduˈʂɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Murowana Goślina , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Tarago railway station is located on the Bombala line in New South Wales , Australia .
Virmaše ( pronounced ( ˈʋiːɾmaʃɛ ) ; German : Ermern ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Kushk - e Banian ( Persian : كوشك بانيان‎ , also Romanized as Kūshk - e Bānīān ; also known as Kūshk ) is a village in Kushk - e Qazi Rural District , in the Central District of Fasa County , Fars Province , Iran .
Dhaka Imperial College ( DIC ) ( Bengali : ঢাকা ইমপিরিয়াল কলেজ ) is a co - educational Bangladeshi private College situated in Dhaka , Bangladesh .
The Satpura Range is a range of hills in central India .
The Episcopal Diocese of Southern Ohio is the diocese of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America with jurisdiction over southern Ohio .
Lądek - Zdrój ( ˈlɔndɛk ˈzdrui̯ ) ( German : Bad Landeck ) is a town in Kłodzko County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Onesi Constituency is an electoral constituency in the Omusati Region of Namibia on the border to Angola .
The Goro mine is a large nickel mine in the south of New Caledonia , near the township of Yaté , Prony Bay , in the South Province .
Valmiera parish ( Latvian : Valmieras pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Burtnieki Municipality , Latvia .
Šķeltova parish ( Latvian : Šķeltovas pagasts ) is an administrative unit of Aglona Municipality , Latvia .
The Omdurman Bridge ( also known as the Redemption Bridge or the Old White Nile Bridge ) is a steel truss bridge in Sudan on the road connecting Khartoum on the White Nile to Omdurman .
Château de la Roche Courbon is a large château , developed from an earlier castle , in the Charente - Maritime département of France .
Peștera Vântului ( Wind Cave ) is the largest cave in Romania , with a length of almost 52 km ( total length of passages ) .
Seyyed Mohammad Bazar ( Persian : سيدمحمدبازار‎ , also Romanized as Seyyed Moḩammad Bāzār ; also known as Seyyed Moḩammadābād ) is a village in Kahir Rural District , in the Central District of Konarak County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Litene ( German : Lettin ) is the center of Litene parish , in Gulbene Municipality , in north - eastern Latvia .
Bosque Santa Clara is a coastal forest of the La Paz Department , El Salvador .
Stelągi ( ( stɛˈlɔŋɡi ) ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sterdyń , within Sokołów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Dolisie , known as Loubomo between 1975 and 1991 , is a city in the western province of Niari in the Republic of the Congo .
Gurasar - e Sofla ( Persian : گوراسرسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Gūrāsar - e Soflá ; also known as Gorahsar - e Soflá ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Sharqi Rural District , Shadian District , Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Sandneshallen is an indoor multi - use arena in Sandved , Norway .
Greendale Secondary School ( abbreviation : GDLSS ; Simplified Chinese : 绿苑中学 ) is a secondary school located in Punggol , in the north - eastern part of Singapore .
Jakupica ( Macedonian : Јакупица ) or Mokra is a mountain range in the central part of the Republic of Macedonia .
Arli National Park often called Arly is a national park located in southeastern Burkina Faso .
The Marker Wadden is a project aimed at creating islands in the Markermeer in the Netherlands .
The Wallender Born or Wallenborn ( popularly known as the Brubbel ) is a cold water geyser in the village Wallenborn ( Eifel district , Germany ) .
Klanc ( pronounced ( ˈklaːnts ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Dobrna in Slovenia .
Durag - e Atabak ( Persian : دورگ اتابك‎ , also Romanized as Dūrag - e Ātābak ; also known as Dūrakātābak and Dowrak ) is a village in Rostam - e Do Rural District , in the Central District of Rostam County , Fars Province , Iran .
In 2014 QS World University Rankings ranked the David R. Cheriton School of Computer Science 24th in the world , 10th in North America and 2nd in Canada in Computer Science in 2014 .
Heiderscheid ( Luxembourgish : Heischent ) is a small town in northwestern Luxembourg .
Don Sila ( Thai : ดอนศิลา ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Wiang Chai District , in Chiang Rai Province , Thailand .
Chéraute ( Basque : Sohüta ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south - western France .
Odzun ( Armenian : Օձուն ) is a major and historic village in the Lori Province of Armenia .
Anchorvale is a neighbourhood of Sengkang New Town in Singapore which is located between Sungei Punggol and Compassvale .
Air Europa Líneas Aéreas , S.A.U. is an airline in Spain , the third largest after Iberia and Vueling .
Osmania General Hospital ( OGH ) is one of the oldest hospitals in India located at Afzal Gunj , Hyderabad , Telangana .
Seia ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈsɐjɐ ) ) is a municipality in Guarda District in Portugal .
Getterön Nature Reserve ( Swedish : Getteröns naturreservat ) is a nature reserve at Getterön in Varberg Municipality , Sweden .
The Valletta Waterfront , also known as Pinto Wharf , is a baroque wharf in Floriana , Malta .
Andavadoaka Airport ( IATA : DVD ) is an airport in Andavadoaka , a town in the Toliara Province of the Atsimo - Andrefana region of Madagascar .
Vəliuşağı ( also , Veliushagy and Veliushakhly ) is a village and municipality in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Caprera is a small island off the coast of Sardinia , Italy , located in the Maddalena archipelago .
Southwest China ( Chinese : 西南 ; pinyin : Xīnán ) is a region of the People 's Republic of China defined by governmental bureaus that includes the municipality of Chongqing , the provinces of Sichuan , Yunnan and Guizhou , and the Tibet Autonomous Region .
The Djurab Desert is a desert in northern Chad .
Neukirch / Lausitz ( Sorbian : Wjazońca ) is a town in upper Lusatia ( Lausitz ) in the district of Bautzen in Saxony in eastern Germany .
Eksteenfontein is a town in Namakwa District Municipality in the Northern Cape province of South Africa , on the edge of the Richtersveld World Heritage Site .
Mull Hill ( Manx : Cronk Meayll ; also called Meayll Hill or The Mull ) is a small hill at the southern end of the Isle of Man , just outside the village of Cregneash .
Indios de San Francisco de Macorís is a professional basketball team based in San Francisco de Macorís , Duarte , Dominican Republic .
Wasi Qaqa ( Quechua wasi house , qaqa rock , `` house rock '' , hispanicized spelling Huasijaja ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 4,800 m ( 15,748 ft ) high .
Lokovina ( pronounced ( ˈloːkɔʋina ) ) is a settlement west of Dobrna in Slovenia .
Savigny - le - Temple is a commune in the Seine - et - Marne Department of France in the Île - de - France in north - central France .
Basht County ( Persian : شهرستان باشت‎ ) is a county in Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province in Iran .
The University of Kufa is an Iraqi university located in Najaf , Iraq .
The Bayan College for Science & Technology ( Arabic:كلية البيان للعلوم و التكنلوجيا ) is an educational institution based in the city of Khartoum , Sudan .
Reykjanesviti is Iceland 's oldest lighthouse .
The Leopold Quarter ( French : Quartier Léopold , Dutch : Leopoldswijk ) is a quarter of Brussels , Belgium .
Approximately 6,133 hectares of the Dresden Heath are designated as a nature preserve , making it one of the largest municipal forests in Germany by area .
The Old Provost is a military prison finished in early 1838 as part of efforts to fortify the small city of Grahamstown , in the Eastern Cape , South Africa .
The Château de Groussay is located in the town of Montfort - l'Amaury , in the Department of Yvelines , west of Paris , in France .
Brebeuf College School ( Brebeuf College , BCS , or Brebeuf ) is a publicly funded Roman Catholic all - boys high school in Toronto , Canada founded by the Jesuits ( Society of Jesus ) in 1963 and associated with the Presentation Brothers since 1984 .
Trzemeszno ( tʂɛˈmɛʂnɔ ) ( German : Tremessen ) is a town in central Poland belonging to the group of the oldest settlements in the region .
Rząbiec ( ˈʐɔmbjɛt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włoszczowa , within Włoszczowa County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Český Brod ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈtʃɛskiː ˈbrot ) ; German : Böhmisch Brod ) is a town in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
Balochistan Arts Council ( BAC ) is an arts center and cultural exhibition center in Quetta , Pakistan .
Eidskyrkja or Kyrkjefjellet is a mountain in Volda Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Feriköy Protestant Cemetery ( Turkish : Feriköy Protestan Mezarlığı ) officially called Evangelicorum Commune Coemeterium is a Christian cemetery in Istanbul , Turkey .
Nishtar Hospital is a teaching hospital of Nishtar Medical College , located in Multan , Pakistan .
The Great Lakes Depression ( Mongolian : Их нууруудын хотгор , Ikh Nuuruudyn Khotgor ) , also called the Great Lakes ' Hollow is a large semi - arid depression in Mongolia that covers parts of the Uvs , Khovd , Bayan - Ölgii , Zavkhan and Govi - Altai aimags .
Əmbərçay ( also , Emberchay ) is a village and municipality in the Qakh Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Paris Nord ( or the Gare du Nord , `` North Station '' , pronounced : ( ɡaʁ dy nɔːʁ ) ) is one of the six large terminus stations of the SNCF mainline network for Paris , France .
The Grimsel Pass ( German : Grimselpass ) is a mountain pass in Switzerland , crossing the Bernese Alps at an elevation of 2,164 metres ( 7,100 ft ) .
Bouïra ( Berber : Tubirett ) is the capital of Bouïra Province , Algeria .
Ar Rakiyat is a village in Qatar , located in the municipality of Ash Shamal .
Založje ( Serbian : Заложје ) is a village in the municipality of Breza , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Furuset Forum is an indoor sports arena located in the eastern parts of Oslo , Norway .
Vila Viçosa ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈvilɐ viˈsɔzɐ ) ) is a municipality in the District of Évora in Portugal .
Mirza Nezam ( Persian : ميرزانظام‎ , also Romanized as Mīrzā Nez̧ām ) is a village in Baruq Rural District , Baruq District , Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Nsoko is a town in southern Swaziland about 5 kilometres from the border with South Africa .
The North Autobahn ( A5 ) is a motorway , or Autobahn , in Lower Austria and part of European route E461 .
Beiarfjorden is a fjord in Nordland , Norway , mostly within the municipality of Beiarn .
Klesno ( ˈklɛsnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drezdenko , within Strzelce - Drezdenko County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Ərəb Qubalı ( also , Ərəbqubalı , Arab - Kubali , Arabkubaly , Kubali , and Kubalikend ) is a village and municipality in the Kurdamir Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Talmei Yaffe ( Hebrew : תַּלְמֵי יָפֶה , lit . Yaffe Furrows ) is a moshav shitufi in southern Israel .
Nemešany ( Hungarian : Nemessány ) is a village and municipality in Levoča District in the Prešov Region of central - eastern Slovakia .
La`assa , also known as Lahassa , is a town in the northern Obock region of Djibouti .
Zorenci ( pronounced ( zɔˈɾeːntsi ) ) is a settlement on the left bank of the Lahinja River south of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Mityana , is a town in the Central Region of Uganda .
Juru kunci are the custodians of graveyards and other sites considered sacred in Java , Indonesia .
The Central Sulawesi Christian Church ( Indonesian : Gereja Kristen Sulawesi Tengah ) is the largest Christian church in Central Sulawesi , Indonesia , it belongs to the Reformed family of churches .
The Rahmatabad Mound or the Rahmatabad Tepe ( 5th millennium BC ) is one of the most historically significant settlements in Marvdasht , Persia ( Iran ) measuring 115 m in length and 75 m in width and 4.5 m in height .
Kozyrevsk Airport ( ICAO : UHPO ) is an airport in Russia located 3 km northeast of Kozyrevsk .
Prospect Knights FC played all their home games at the Prospect Park Sports Complex , off Harley Parade in Prospect , a western suburb of Launceston , Tasmania , Australia .
Doncaster PSB ( Power Signal Box ) is a signalling centre on the East Coast Main Line railway in the United Kingdom , principally covering the line from London to Edinburgh but also encompassing other lines diverging and converging to the ECML .
Parsa Wildlife Reserve is a protected area in the Inner Terai lowlands of south - central Nepal .
Grand Bend Motorplex is a dedicated multi - use motorsports facility located southeast of Grand Bend , Ontario , Canada .
Athmallik ( Odia : ଆଠମଲ୍ଲିକ ) is a town and a notified area committee and a Sub division of Angul district in the state of Odisha , India .
The Karakoro River is a small seasonal tributary of the Sénégal River that forms part of the Mauritania - Mali border .
Dristner ( 2,767 m ) is a mountain in the Zillertal , Austria .
The Citizens Electoral Council of Australia ( CEC ) is a minor political party in Australia affiliated with the international LaRouche Movement , led by American political activist and conspiracy theorist Lyndon LaRouche .
Dubai Drydocks is a dry docks facility located adjacent to Port Rashid in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
The Castillo de Belmonte is a medieval castle on the hill of San Cristobal , just outside the village of Belmonte in the southwest of the province of Cuenca in Spain .
Limanowa ( lʲima'nɔva ) ( German : Ilmenau , Yiddish : לימינוב‎ Liminuv ) is a small town ( population 14,624 as of 2005 ) in southern Poland , in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship .
Lephephe , also known as Lehepe or Lephepe , is a village in Kweneng District of Botswana .
Fergusson Island is the largest island of the D'Entrecasteaux Islands , in Papua New Guinea .
German submarine U-373 was a Type VIIC U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . She carried out thirteen patrols before being sunk by a British aircraft in June 1944 in the Bay of Biscay .
Borzymów ( bɔˈʐɨmuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oleśnica , within Staszów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Smarzykowo ( smaʐɨˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin , within Nakło County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
IS Halmia is a football club , located in Halmstad , Sweden .
Arcillera is a small village in the province of Zamora , Spain , close to the border with Portugal .
Mazeh Vahregan ( Persian : مازه وهرگان‎ , also Romanized as Māzeh Vahregān ) is a village in Pishkuh - e Mugui Rural District , in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
San Francesco alle Scale is a church in Ancona , central Italy .
Upper Peirce Reservoir ( Chinese : 贝雅士蓄水池上段 ) is Singapore 's fourth reservoir .
Landing Zone Hereford was a U.S. Army base located northeast of Vĩnh Thạnh District , Bình Định in central Vietnam .
The Staatliches Filmarchiv der DDR ( SFA ) ( `` State Film Archive of the GDR '' ) was the central film archive of the GDR ( East Germany ) .
The Jardin botanique d'Èze , also called the Jardin exotique d'Èze or simply the Jardin d'Èze , is a botanical garden located on the Place du Général de Gaulle in Èze , Alpes - Maritimes , Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur , France .
Viktor Rydberg Gymnasium ( VRG ) is a group of three gymnasium ( upper secondary schools ) in Stockholm , Sweden named after the famous Swedish author Viktor Rydberg .
Prokowo ( prɔˈkɔvɔ ) is a big village in the administrative district of Gmina Kartuzy , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Hrodna Airport ( IATA : GNA , ICAO : UMMG ) is an airport that serves Grodno , Belarus .
As of 2011 India census , Bariawas had a population of 753 in 144 households .
Bor - Öndör ( Mongolian : Бор-Өндөр ) is a city in Khentii Province in eastern Mongolia .
Sömmerda is a town near Erfurt in Thuringia , Germany , on the Unstrut river .
Baie - Saint - Paul ( 2011 Population 7,332 ; UA population 4,535 ) is a city in the Province of Quebec , Canada , on the northern shore of the Saint Lawrence River .
Črnomelj ( pronounced ( tʃəɾˈnoːməl ) ; in older sources also Černomelj , German : Tschernembl , Italian : Cernomegli ) is a town in southeastern Slovenia .
The 2011 German Grand Prix , formally the Formula 1 Großer Preis Santander von Deutschland 2011 , was a Formula One motor race that was held on 24 July 2011 , at the Nürburgring in Nürburg , Germany .
Laudat is a small village in the interior of Dominica , nestled between 3 mountains :
Lake Ülemiste ( Estonian : Ülemiste järv ) is the largest of the lakes surrounding Tallinn , Estonia .
Golamreh ( Persian : گلامره‎ , also Romanized as Golāmreh ) is a village in Birun Bashm Rural District , Kelardasht District , Chalus County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Tuczno ( ˈtut͡ʂnɔ ) ( German : Tütz ) is a town in Wałcz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship in northwestern Poland , with 2,014 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Toropets ( Russian : Торо́пец ) is a town and the administrative center of Toropetsky District in Tver Oblast , Russia , located where the Toropa River enters Lake Solomennoye .
Alberta Beach is a village in central Alberta , Canada , west of Edmonton .
Dammam Community College ( كلية المجتمع في الدمام ) is a college located in Saudi Arabia Eastern Province , the college offers two years Associate Degree of six majors , Computer Information and Technology , Accounting , Marketing , Supply Chain Management , Human Resource Management and Safety Technology .
Sosnowiec ( ( sɔˈsnɔvʲɛt͡s ) ; German : Sosnowitz ) is a city county in Zagłębie Dąbrowskie in southern Poland and also part of the Silesian Metropolis municipal association .
Ashkeh Tochal ( Persian : اشكه تچال‎ , also Romanized as Ashkeh Tochāl ; also known as Ashgeh Tochāl ) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District , in the Central District of Ramsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Torre Astura , formerly an island called by the ancients merely Astura ( Greek : Ἄστυρα ) , is now a peninsula in the comune of Nettuno , on the coast of Latium , Italy , at the southeast extremity of the Bay of Antium , on the road to Circeii .
Hévíz ( German : Heuwies ) is a spa town in Zala County , Hungary , about 8 kilometres ( 5 miles ) from Keszthely .
Urmis ( also , Urumys ) is a village in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan .
The Centrepoint is a shopping mall in Singapore which opened in 1983 as Centrepoint Shopping Centre ( or just Centrepoint ) until its renaming in 2006 as The Centrepoint .
Somerhill House is a Grade I listed Jacobean mansion situated near Tonbridge , Kent , United Kingdom .
Benleagh ( Irish : Binn Liath , meaning `` Grey Peak '' ) is a mountain in County Wicklow , Ireland .
Jabairpur is a small town and eastern suburb of Chakwal in Chakwal District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Navascués ( Nabaskoze in Basque ) is a town and municipality in the province and autonomous community of Navarre in northern Spain .
Zaušje ( Serbian Cyrillic : Заушје ) is a village in the municipality of Bileća , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Nadbór ( ˈnadbur ) ( formerly German Nadebahr ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polanów , within Koszalin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The nearby airport is Madurai Airport which is approximately 100 kilometres from Veeravanoor , and it offers flights to major cities in southern and western India .
The Moonie Highway is a state highway of Queensland , Australia .
Plaza de los hornos púnicos y fenicios is a plaza located in San Fernando in the Province of Cádiz , Andalusia , Spain .
Vitino ( Russian : Витино ) is an oil port on the White Sea in Russia .
Toshkun ( Persian : تشكون‎ , also Romanized as Toshkūn ; also known as Towshkūn ) is a village in Baladeh Rural District , Khorramabad District , Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Oud Sluis is a former restaurant in Sluis , Netherlands .
Guiren District ( Chinese : 歸仁區 ; Hanyu Pinyin : Guīrén Qū ; Tongyong Pinyin : Gueirén Cyu ; Wade -- Giles : Kui1-jen2 Ch'ü1 ) is a rural district in southern Tainan , Taiwan .
The Mania River is a river in Madagascar that flows from the central mountains of the island , emptying into the Mozambique Channel .
Yangambi Airport is a small airport serving the town of Yangambi , Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Tsakuri ( Armenian : Ծակուռի , also Tsakeyto , Tsakouri , and Tsakurri ) is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The 10-km - long Guayaques chain of N - S - trending rhyodacitic lava domes runs across the Chile - Bolivia border about 10 km . east of the Cerro Toco - Purico Complex .
Miandaraq ( Persian : مياندرق‎ , also Romanized as Mīāndaraq ) is a village in Yeylaq Rural District , in the Central District of Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
RIM Park is a 500-acre ( 2 km² ) city park facility on the northeast side of the city of Waterloo , Ontario , Canada , close to the neighbourhood of Eastbridge .
The University of Colombo ( Sinhalese : කොළඹ විශ්වවිද්‍යාලය , Tamil : கொழும்புப் பல்கலைக்கழகம் ) ( informally Colombo University or UoC ) is a public research university located primarily in Colombo , Sri Lanka .
San Donato di Lecce is a town and comune of 5,837 inhabitants in the Italian province of Lecce in the Apulia region of south - east Italy .
Thạnh Phú is commune - level town and capital of Thạnh Phú District in Bến Tre Province in the Mekong Delta region of Vietnam .
Taitung County ( Chinese : 台東縣 or 臺東縣 ; pinyin : Táidōng Xiàn ) is the third largest county in Taiwan , located in the eastern coast .
Cairo Metro Line 3 is a main line of the Cairo Metro mass transit system in Greater Cairo , Egypt .
Kolonia Fryderyk ( kɔˈlɔɲa frɨˈdɛrɨk ) is a village in Gmina Gorzyce , Wodzisław County , Silesian Voivodeship , Poland .
The Lunca Joasă a Prutului Inferior Natural Park ( Romanian : Parcul Natural Lunca Joasă a Prutului Inferior ) is a protected area ( natural park category V IUCN ) situated in Romania , in Galați County .
Haradh is a small village in Al - Hasa , Saudi Arabia .
Podsrnetica ( Cyrillic : Подсрнетица ) is a village in the municipality of Petrovac , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Tasmanian Greens are a political party in Australia which developed from numerous environmental campaigns in Tasmania , including the flooding of Lake Pedder and the Franklin Dam campaign .
Akhunbabaev ( also Oxunboboyev ) is a town in Andijan Region , Uzbekistan .
Oxford Falls Grammar School is a private , co - educational K - Year 12 non - denominational Christian school in Oxford Falls , Sydney , NSW , Australia .
Sfax War Cemetery is a war cemetery located near Sfax , Tunisia , maintained by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission .
Popowa Wola ( pɔˈpɔva ˈvɔla ) ( German : Pfaffendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dźwierzuty , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Bongjeongsa is a Korean Buddhist temple on the slopes of Mount Cheondeung in Andong city , North Gyeongsang Province , South Korea .
Statue of Janko Kráľ is located in the middle of Sad Janka Kráľa ( literally Janko Kráľ Park / Garden ) in the Petržalka borough in Bratislava , Slovakia .
Stary Helenów ( ˈstarɨ xɛˈlɛnuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaskarzew , within Garwolin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Nea Kessani ( Greek : Νέα Κεσσάνη ) is a settlement in the Abdera municipal unit , Xanthi regional unit of Greece .
Wat Botum Vathey ( Khmer : វត្តបុទម , lit . Temple of the Lotus Blossoms ) is a wat located at Oknha Suor Srun Street 7 , Sangkat Chaktomuk , Khan Daun Penh , Phnom Penh , Cambodia .
Kastro - Kyllini ( Greek : Κάστρο-Κυλλήνη ) is a former municipality in Elis , West Greece , Greece .
Garrotxa is a comarca ( county ) in Girona , Catalonia , Spain .
Arab Banking Corporation ( also called Bank ABC ) is an international bank headquartered in Bahrain , and incorporated as a joint stock company in 1980 through a special decree by the Amir of Bahrain .
St. John 's Institution ( Malay : Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan St. John ) is a secondary school for boys ( sixth form is co - ed ) and is one of the oldest schools in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
Aalborg Shipyard ( Danish : Aalborg Vaerft A / S ) was a shipyard located in Aalborg , Denmark .
VIM Avia , commonly known as VIM Airlines , is an airline based in Moscow , Russia , operating international scheduled and charter , passenger and cargo flights out of Moscow Domodedovo Airport , as well as offering aircraft wet lease .
Doibani I ( Ukrainian : Дойбани , Doibany , Russian : Дойбаны ) is a commune in the Dubăsari sub - district of Transnistria , Moldova .
Pokoše ( pronounced ( pɔˈkoːʃɛ ) ) is a village northeast of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia .
Ilkhchi - ye Sofla ( Persian : ايلخچي سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Īlkhchī - ye Soflá ; also known as Īlchi - ye Soflá and Īlkhchīh - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Ojarud - e Markazi Rural District , in the Central District of Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Newbridge - on - Usk ( Welsh : Pontnewydd ar Wysg ) is a hamlet in the village and parish of Tredunnock , near Usk , Monmouthshire , south east Wales , in the United Kingdom .
Shingkhar Gewog ( Dzongkha : ཤིང་མཁར་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Zhemgang District , Bhutan .
The Myitsone Dam ( Burmese : မြစ်ဆုံ တာတမံ ( mjɪʔsʰòʊɴ tàtəmàɴ ) ; lit . the Confluence Dam ) is a large dam and hydroelectric power development project at the confluence of the Mali and N’mai rivers and the source of the Irawaddy River ( Ayeyawady River ) in Burma ( Myanmar ) .
Kolonia Gąski ( kɔˈlɔɲa ˈɡɔ̃ski ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Prabuty , within Kwidzyn County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Panjgur Airport ( IATA : PJG , ICAO : OPPG ) is a domestic and partially International airport , located at Panjgur , Balochistan , Pakistan .
Hanko Northern railway station ( abbrev . Hkp , Finnish : Hanko - Pohjoisen seisake and Swedish : Hangö Norra ) is a railway stop in the port city of Hanko , Finland along the Hanko - Hyvinkää Railroad .
The Wittmoor Measurement and Reception Station in Holm , Pinneberg district , northern Germany , is an equipment of the Norddeutscher Rundfunk ( North German broadcasting company ) for the supervision of the broadcasting frequencies in the southern Pinneberg district and the western area of Hamburg .
The Saanich Pioneer Museum is a museum dedicated to the history and settling pioneers of the Saanich Peninsula in Canada .
Dizaj - e Malek ( Persian : ديزج ملك‎ , also Romanized as Dīzaj - e Malek and Dīzaj Malek ; also known as Diza , Dīzaj , and Dīzeh ) is a village in Ozomdel - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Varzaqan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Tangier Exportation Free Zone is a free economic zone located south of Tangier , Morocco .
The Privacy and Electronic Communications ( EC Directive ) Regulations 2003 is a law in the United Kingdom which made it unlawful to , amongst other things , transmit an automated recorded message for direct marketing purposes via a telephone , without prior consent of the subscriber .
Kano Municipal is a Local Government Area within the Kano Urban Area in Kano State , also kown as capital of kano state , Nigeria .
Cotopaxi International Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Internacional Cotopaxi ) ( IATA : LTX , ICAO : SELT ) is an airport in Latacunga , the capital of the province of Cotopaxi in Ecuador .
Modane ( French pronunciation : ​(mɔ.dan ) ; Italian : Modana ) is a commune in the Savoie department in the Rhône - Alpes region in southeastern France .
In the same way , the rulers of two other important princedoms , Sonbai in West Timor and Likusaen ( Liquica ) in East Timor , were often referred as Liurais , which indicated a symbolic tripartition of the island .
Exo Chora ( Greek : Έξω Χώρα ) is a village and a community on Zakynthos island , Greece .
Muxtar ( Armenian : Մխիթարիշեն - Mkhitarishen ) ( also Mkhitarkent ) is a village in the Khojali Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Gorenje Selce ( pronounced ( ɡɔˈɾeːnjɛ ˈsɛːu̯tsɛ ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia .
Fiordland is a geographic region of New Zealand in the south - western corner of the South Island , comprising the western - most third of Southland .
Haflong ( Assamese : হাফলং ) is a town and headquarters of North Cachar Hills in India in the state of Assam .
The Allalinhorn ( 4,027 m ( 13,212 ft ) ) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland .
Gabriel Taapopi Senior Secondary School , also known as GT , is a governmental secondary school in Ongwediva in the Oshana Region of northern Namibia .
Club Destroyers is a football club from Santa Cruz , Bolivia currently playing in the second division Nacional B and the Santa Cruz Primera A , one of the third division regional leagues .
Jenapharm is a pharmaceutical company from Jena , Germany .
Sagfjord Church ( Norwegian : Sagfjord kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Hamarøy in Nordland county , Norway .
Devič was declared Monument of Culture of Exceptional Importance in 1990 , and it is protected by the Republic of Serbia .
La Garde - Freinet is a commune in the Var department in the Côte d'Azur area in southeastern France .
San Sai Ngam ( Thai : สันทรายงาม ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Thoeng District , in Chiang Rai Province , Thailand .
The Eastern Himalayan subalpine conifer forests is a temperate coniferous forests ecoregion which is found in the middle and upper elevations of the eastern Middle Himalayas , in western Nepal , Bhutan and northern Indian states including Arunachal Pradesh .
The South - Link Line ( Chinese : 南迴線 ; pinyin : Nánhuí Xiàn ) is a line of the Taiwan Railways Administration running along the southern tip of the island of Taiwan , connecting the eastern and western coasts .
Koewacht is a village on the border between the Netherlands and Belgium .
Trady railway station served an area between Tooban and Farland Point in County Donegal , Ireland .
The Torani Canal in northeastern Guyana was constructed to transfer water from the Berbice River to the Canje River .
Howse Pass ( el . 1,539 m or 5,049 ft ) is a pass through the Rocky Mountains in Canada .
The Boulzane River is a river in the south of France .
Engenhoca is one of the 48 administrative districts in which the city of Niterói , Rio de Janeiro in Brazil is divided .
Voinjama Airport ( IATA : VOI , ICAO : GLVA ) is an airport serving the town of Voinjama , Liberia .
Aldi Talk ( also known as MEDIONmobile ) is a mobile virtual network operator in Germany , Australia , Belgium , and the Netherlands .
The Sutton Range is a mountain range on Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada , located in the area between the headwaters of the Nimpkish River and those of the White River .
Lewis Pass ( el . 864 m. ) is a mountain pass in the South Island of New Zealand .
Gourri ( Greek : Γούρρι ) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus , found on a rough side at the foothill of the Machaira mountain , in the geographical region of Pitsilia .
Öckerö is an island and a locality and the seat of Öckerö Municipality , Västra Götaland County , Sweden with 3,488 inhabitants in 2010 .
Matugga is an urban centre in the Central Region of Uganda .
Eteke is a place in the region of Province de la Ngounie in Gabon at 1 ° 30'0 `` south of the equator and 11 ° 28'48 '' east of the Greenwich Prime Meridian .
Gabanes is a village located in the Polish Valley , Provincia de Burgos , Castilla y León , Spain .
Pasikonie ( paɕiˈkɔɲe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos , within Warsaw West County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The national clubhouse of the motorcycle club Blue Angels in Belgium is located in Erpe .
Jarahi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان جراحی‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Mahshahr County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The church of the Graziella al Porto Napoli or Santa Maria delle Grazie al Porto Napoli is a small Roman Catholic temple in Naples , Italy .
Mowtowr - e Naser Gargij ( Persian : موتور ناصرگرگيج‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Nāşer Gargīj ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The KGB , an initialism for Komitet gosudarstvennoy bezopasnosti ( Russian : Комите́т госуда́рственной безопа́сности ( КГБ ) ; IPA : ( kəmʲɪˈtʲɛt ɡəsʊˈdarstʲvʲɪnnəj bʲɪzɐˈpasnəsʲtʲɪ ) , translated in English as Committee for State Security ) , was the main security agency for the Soviet Union from 1954 until its break - up in 1991 .
Lajpat Nagar was developed in 1950s and most of its early residents were Hindus and Sikhs moving east from newly formed Pakistan following the partition of India in 1947 .
The Arrondissement of Waremme ( French : Arrondissement de Waremme ; Dutch : Arrondissement Borgworm ) is one of the four administrative arrondissements in the Province of Liège , Belgium .
Gmina Niwiska is a rural gmina ( administrative district ) in Kolbuszowa County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Benina International Airport ( IATA : BEN , ICAO : HLLB ) ( Arabic : مطار بنينة الدولي‎ ) serves Benghazi , Libya .
Zinjibar ( Arabic : زنجبار‎ Zinjibār ) is a port and coastal town in south - central Yemen , the capital of Zinjibar District and the Abyan Governorate .
Bozgaru ( Persian : بزگرو‎ , also Romanized as Bozgarū ) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Chachro is a taluka ( tehsil ) in the Tharparkar District of Sindh , Pakistan .
Hammarbyhöjden is a suburban city district in Stockholm , Sweden .
Pro Patria and Res Publica Union ( Estonian : Isamaa ja Res Publica Liit , IRL ) is a conservative political party in Estonia .
Kurile Lake ( Russian : Кури́льское о́зеро `` Kuril’skoye Ozero '' , aka `` Keuay '' ) is a large caldera containing a crater lake located at the southern tip of Kamchatka Peninsula , within the Southern Kamchatka Wildlife Refuge in Russia .
Deemed university , or Deemed - to - be - University , is a status of autonomy granted by the Department of Higher Education in the Union Human Resource Development Ministry , India , on the advice of the UGC , under Section 3 of UGC Act , 1956 .
Toroslar is a municipality and district governorate in Greater Mersin , Turkey .
The Northern BC Centre for Skating ( formerly The Spruce City Skating Club ) is an ice skating centre in the city of Prince George , British Columbia , Canada .
Åsum is a village and eastern suburb of Odense , Funen , Denmark .
Vrelo Bune is the natural and architectural ensemble at the Buna river spring near Blagaj kasaba ( village - town ) and a part of the wider `` Townscape ensemble of the town of Blagaj - Historical and Natural Heritage of Bosnia and Herzegovina '' , southeast of Mostar , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
St Martin 's at St Chad 's is an Anglican church located in Auckland , New Zealand .
Halad ( Persian : حلد‎ , also Romanized as Ḩalad ) is a village in Miyankuh - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Verin Nedzhirlu ( also , Verkhniy Nedzhirlu ) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia .
The Inca de Oro mine is a large copper mine located in northern Chile in Atacama Region .
Zamkowa Wola ( zamˈkɔva ˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagów , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Nykøbing Falster , Denmark Putbus auf Rügen , Germany Lawrence , Kansas , US Each summer , Lawrence and Eutin take part in an exchange program , where high - school students from Lawrence and college students from the University of Kansas study in Eutin , while German students from Eutin come to Lawrence to study .
Vorma is a river in Norway that brings water from lake Mjøsa into the Glomma river .
Lake Manitou is the largest lake on Manitoulin Island in Ontario , Canada .
Bežanija ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бежанија , pronounced ( bɛʒǎnija ) ) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade , the capital of Serbia .
Society Five was a gay rights organisation formed in Melbourne , Australia , in January 1971 , as the local branch of the national Campaign Against Moral Persecution network .
Schaffhausen , Switzerland , since 1952 Corbeil - Essonnes , France , since 1961 Sondrio , Italy , since 1962 Dronfield , United Kingdom , since 1971 Győr , Hungary , since 1987 Torgau , Germany , since 1987 Chełm , Poland , since 2001 Sindelfingen is a member city of Eurotowns network
Setamiyeh - ye Bozorg ( Persian : سطاميه بزرگ‎ , also Romanized as Setāmīyeh - ye Bozorg ; also known as Sattamiyeh and Setāmīyeh - ye Bozory ) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
It covers an area of some 50 × 70 km , and thereby roughly 3 000 km² , making the Westerwald one of Germany 's biggest mountain ranges by area .
Bystrzyca Kłodzka ( bɨsˈtʂɨt͡sa ˈkwɔt͡ska ) ( German : Habelschwerdt , Czech : Kladská Bystřice ) is a city in the Lower Silesian Voivodeship in Poland .
Hjelmelandsvågen is the administrative centre of Hjelmeland municipality , Norway .
Khormai ( Persian : خرمايي‎ , also Romanized as Khormā’ī ; also known as Hormā’ī , Khowrmeh , and Khūrmai ) is a village in Farmeshkhan Rural District , in the Central District of Kavar County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Perth Mint is Australia 's official bullion mint .
Valamara is a mountain in eastern Albania in the district of Korçë .
Lankaran International Airport ( Azerbaijani : Lənkəran Hava Limanı ) is an airport serving Lankaran , a city in Azerbaijan .
To prevent Marquess of Wellington 's army invading France in 1813 , Marshal Soult built a line of fortifications and entrenchments along the river Nivelle from the sea inland to fortified rocks on Mount Mondarrain .
Bamenda , also known as Abakwa and Mankon Town , is a city in northwestern Cameroon and capital of the North West Region .
Pidie Jaya Regency is a regency ( Indonesian : kabupaten ) in the Aceh Special region of Indonesia .
The Movement of Free Citizens ( Greek : Κίνημα Ελευθέρων Πολιτών , ΚΕΠ ) , also known by its acronym KEP , was a short - lived , right - of - center political party in Greece .
Kunów ( ˈkunuf ) is a town in Ostrowiec County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , Poland , with 3,153 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
During the New Year period , from the first to the third of January , Kashima Shrine is visited by over 600,000 people from all over Japan .
Nenavali Caves are located at Sudhagad at Raigad , India .
Sierre ( German : Siders ) is the capital of the district of Sierre in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Singanapalem village is in Mundlamuru mandal , located in Prakasam district , India .
Horstdorf is a village and a former municipality in the district of Wittenberg , Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
Koh Kong Safari World is a zoo in Cambodia , located 500 m from the border crossing to Thailand .
Mandarin Restaurant Franchise Corporation is a chain of all - you - can - eat Chinese - Canadian buffets in Ontario , Canada .
Britannia Hotels is a United Kingdom based hotel group with 51 hotels across the country .
Velka ( pronounced ( ˈʋeːlka ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills to the northeast of Dravograd in the Carinthia region in northern Slovenia , next to the border with Austria .
The Fondation Jean Dausset - CEPH or CEPH ( French : Centre d'Etude du Polymorphisme Humain , Center for the Study of Human Polymorphisms ) is an international genetic research center located in Paris , France .
Żurczyn ( ˈʐurt͡ʂɨn ) ( German : Louisenheim ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin , within Nakło County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Kensal Rise Library was a public library situated in London , United Kingdom , opened by American author Mark Twain in 1900 .
Ceptura Coal Mine is an open - pit mining exploitation it is considered one of the largest in the country of Romania located in Ceptura , Prahova County with estimated coal reserves of 18 million tonnes .
Wyszel ( ˈvɨʂɛl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszewo - Borki , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Galičnik ( Macedonian : Галичник ) is a mountain village in the Republic of Macedonia and along with Lazaropole is one of the two biggest and oldest Mijak villages in the region .
Kila Airfield ( also known as Kila Kila Airfield and 3-Mile Drome ) is a former World War II airfield near Port Moresby , Papua New Guinea .
St. Mary 's International School is a Catholic school for boys located in the Setagaya ward of Tokyo , Japan .
Prinčići ( Serbian : Принчићи ) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Kačina is a significant empire style palace in the central region of The Czech Republic .
Termosolar Borges ( also known as Borges Termosolar ) is a hybrid biomass - parabolic trough solar thermal power plant which provides electricity to Spain 's transmission system .
The Pwersa ng Masang Pilipino ( Force of the Filipino Masses ) , formerly Partido ng Masang Pilipino ( Party of the Filipino Masses ) is a populist political party in the Philippines .
The Taedong River ( Chosŏn'gŭl : 대동강 ) is a large river in North Korea .
Wadi al - Dawasir Domestic Airport ( Arabic : مطار وادي الدواسر المحلي‎ , IATA : WAE , ICAO : OEWD ) is an airport serving Wadi al - Dawasir ( also spelled Wadi ad - Dawasir ) , a town in Riyadh Province , Saudi Arabia .
Mojambu ( Persian : مجمبو‎ , also Romanized as Mojambū ) is a village in Abkosh Rural District , Bord Khun District , Deyr County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Sarandí del Arapey is a village or populated centre in the eastern part of the Salto Department of northwestern Uruguay .
The Little Smoky River is a tributary of the Smoky River in west - central Alberta , Canada .
Malakal Airport ( IATA : MAK , ICAO : HSSM ) is an airport serving Malakal , a city in Malakal County in the Upper Nile state in South Sudan .
Whangaroa is a locality on the harbour of the same name in Northland , New Zealand .
Oymapinar Dam is an arch dam built on the Manavgat river in Turkey in 1984 .
The Apuseni Mountains ( Romanian : Munții Apuseni , Hungarian : Erdélyi - középhegység ) is a mountain range in Transylvania , Romania , which belongs to the Western Romanian Carpathians , also called Occidentali in Romanian .
The World Championship ran alongside the 2012 IIHF InLine Hockey World Championship Division I tournament and took place between 1 and 7 July in Ingolstadt , Germany .
Kapar Judaki ( Persian : كپرجودكي‎ , also Romanized as Kapar Jūdakī ; also known as Kapar and Khāpār ) is a village in Shirvan Rural District , in the Central District of Borujerd County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Mauesee ( or germanized Mauensee , Lake of Mauen ) is a lake in the canton of Lucerne , Switzerland , near the town Mauensee .
Ździary ( ˈʑd͡ʑarɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarocin , within Nisko County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Kingfisher Airlines Limited was an airline group based in India .
The Tutaekuri River flows through the Hawke 's Bay Region of the eastern North Island of New Zealand .
Calatia was an ancient town of Campania , southern Italy , c. 10 km southeast of Capua , on the Via Appia , near the point where the Via Popillia branches off from it .
The Atherstone Hunt is a United Kingdom foxhound pack , with hunting country of around 400 square miles ( 1,000 km2 ) within Warwickshire , Leicestershire and Staffordshire .
Boghammar Marin AB is a small family - owned company on Lidingö , Sweden that specializes in the construction and building of aluminium boats like fast patrol boats , police boats , passenger vessels , sea fisheries / protection vessels and so on .
Release Records is a progressive music record label run out of Ontario , Canada .
Agdary ( Russian : Агдары ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the administrative centre of and one of three settlements , in addition to Tolon and Eyikyar , in Khadansky Rural Okrug of Suntarsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia .
Church of the Holiest Saviour ( Polish : Kościół Najświętszego Zbawiciela ) is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Śródmieście district of Warsaw , Poland .
Gola Świdnicka ( ˈɡɔla ɕfidˈnit͡ska ) ( German : Guhlau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Marcinowice , within Świdnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Dashken Indian Reserve No . 22 , officially Dashken 22 , is an Indian reserve in the North Coast region of British Columbia , Canada , located on the east tip of Smith Island , which is immediately south of the Tsimpsean Peninsula and the City of Prince Rupert .
Reid River Airfield is a World War II airfield located to the south of the Reid River near Townsville , Queensland , Australia .
Sembach Kaserne ( formerly Sembach Air Base ) is a United States Army installation in Sembach , Germany , near Kaiserslautern , and is about 19 miles ( 30 km ) east of Ramstein Air Base .
Ballet Manila is a classical ballet institution and dance company in the Philippines .
Florjan pri Gornjem Gradu ( pronounced ( flɔˈɾjaːn pɾi ˈɡoːɾnjɛm ˈɡɾaːdu ) ) is a settlement in the hills north and east of Gornji Grad in Slovenia .
Sant'Erasmo is an island in the Venetian Lagoon lying north of the Lido and north east of Venice , Italy .
Dionysiou Monastery ( Greek : Μονή Διονυσίου ) is an Eastern Orthodox monastery at the monastic state of Mount Athos in Greece in southwest part of Athos peninsula .
Schillig is a village in the Friesland district of Lower Saxony in Germany .
Randsfjord Station ( Norwegian : Randsfjord stasjon ) was a railway station at located on the west bank of the south of the lake of Randsfjorden in Jevnaker , Norway .
The Arrondissement of Sens is an arrondissement of France in the Yonne department in the Bourgogne - Franche - Comté region .
Borzang ( Persian : برزنگ‎‎ ) is a village in Fahraj Rural District , in the Central District of Fahraj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Shenshan Expressway ( Chinese : 深汕高速 ) is a 260 kilometres ( 160 mi ) expressway in the People 's Republic of China connecting the cities of Shenzhen and Shantou in the province of Guangdong .
Fregiécourt is a village and a former municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Cerro Ciénaga Grande is a mountain in the Andes of Argentina .
The Catalonia Railway Museum ( Catalan : Museu del Ferrocarril de Catalunya ) in Vilanova i la Geltrú ( Catalonia , Spain ) has a large collection of historic railway locomotives and other rolling stock in the former station roundhouse and on its surrounding outdoor grounds .
The Karakalpak Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic ( Karakalpak ASSR ; Karakalpak : Қарақалпақстан АССР ; Uzbek : Қорақалпоғистон АССР ; Russian : Каракалпакская АССР ) was an autonomous republic of the Soviet Union .
The 1905 Giro di Lombardia was the 1st edition of the Giro di Lombardia , a classic one - day cycle race organised by La Gazzetta dello Sport in Italy .
Uršlja Gora ( pronounced ( ˈuːɾʃlja ˈɡɔːɾa ) ) is a dispersed settlement on the northern slopes of Mount St. Ursula southwest of Kotlje in the Municipality of Ravne na Koroškem in the Carinthia region in northern Slovenia .
The Monument of Remembrance ( French : Monument du souvenir ) , usually known by the nickname of the Gëlle Fra ( Luxembourgish for ' Golden Lady ' ) , is a war memorial in Luxembourg City , in southern Luxembourg .
The Golden Horns of Gallehus were two horns made of sheet gold , discovered in Gallehus , north of Møgeltønder in Southern Jutland , Denmark .
The Sanson Tramway in the Manawatu region of New Zealand operated from 1885 until 1945 .
Queensland Independent College is a private , primary school in Merrimac , Gold Coast , Australia .
The Grenslandhallen in Hasselt , Belgium is one of the biggest event complexes in the Benelux .
Fohoren is a village and suco in the subdistrict of Fohorem , Cova Lima District , East Timor .
Vranja Peč ( pronounced ( ˈwɾaːnja ˈpeːtʃ ) ; German : Rabensberg ) is a small settlement in the hills above the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
As of 2001 India census , Nainpur had a population up to 40,000 .
The Northern Lights Cathedral - Alta Church ( Norwegian : Nordlyskatedralen - Alta Kirke ) is the main parish church in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Colonia San Rafael is a colonia of the Cuauhtémoc borough of Mexico City , just west of the historic city center .
The Police Tribunal of New South Wales was a tribunal established in New South Wales , a state of Australia to deal with allegations of misconduct by New South Wales Police .
Narjeh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان نرجه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Takestan County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Nomwin is a large atoll , part of the Hall Islands , as well as a village and municipality in the state of Chuuk , Federated States of Micronesia .
Zuce ( Serbian Cyrillic : Зуце ) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade , the capital of Serbia .
Ulanqab or Wūlánchábù ( Mongolian : ᠤᠯᠠᠭᠠᠨᠴᠠᠪ ᠬᠣᠲᠠ Ulaɣančab qota ; Chinese : 乌兰察布 ) is a region administered as a prefecture - level city in south - central Inner Mongolia , People 's Republic of China .
St. Mary 's Church , Rostock , in German Marienkirche , is the biggest of three town churches found in the Hanseatic city of Rostock , in northern Germany .
Robassomero is the first nuclear - free municipality ( 1981 ) : the first in Italy .
The Alternative Left ( German : Alternative Linke ; French : La Gauche ; Italian : La Sinistra ) , or The Left in translation from French and Italian , is a political party of the left in Switzerland .
Kokaral ( Kazakh : Көкарал -- Green Island ) was until 1973 an island in Kazakhstan , in the northern part of the Aral Sea .
IF Vallentuna BK is a sports club based in Vallentuna , Stockholm County , Sweden .
Waszki ( ˈvaʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno , within Kolno County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Artashavan ( Armenian : Արտաշավան ; formerly , Ilanchalan ) , is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
Al - Hasakah ( Arabic : الحسكة‎ , Kurdish : Hesîçe‎ , Syriac : ܚܣܟܗ‎ ) , also known as Al - Hasakeh , is the capital city of the Al - Hasakah Governorate and it is located in the far north - eastern corner of Syria .
Kalhovdfjorden is a lake belonging to the municipality Tinn in the province of Telemark in southern Norway .
The Guindy Links is one of the three 18-hole golf courses in Chennai , India .
Alanchi ( or Alanchy ) is a tiny village about 25 km from Nagercoil , the headquarters of Kanyakumari District , and about 45 km from Trivandrum , the capital of Kerala , India .
Cochem - Zell ( German : Landkreis Cochem - Zell ) is a district ( Kreis ) in the north - west of Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Poornankuppam ( Tamil : பூர்ணாங்குப்பம் ) is a panchayat village in Ariyankuppam Commune in the Union Territory of Puducherry , India .
Monte Nuovo is a cinder cone volcano within the Campi Flegrei caldera , near Naples , southern Italy .
The Kaohsiung Medical University ( KMU ; Chinese : 高雄醫學大學 ) , originally known as Kaohsiung Medical College , is a private university located in Sanmin District , Kaohsiung , Taiwan .
The Constitution of 1812 Bridge , also known like La Pepa Bridge ( El puente de la Constitución de 1812 or Puente de La Pepa in Spanish ) , is a new bridge across the Bay of Cadiz , linking Cadiz with Puerto Real in mainland Spain .
LivingStone International University ( LIU ) is a private university in Uganda , the third - largest economy in the East African Community .
The Mönchsbuche is an old beech tree in the Harz Mountains of Germany that has been designated as a natural monument due to its age and the stories surrounding it .
Kuh - e Pasan ( Persian : كوه پاسان‎ , also Romanized as Kūh - e Pāsān ) is a village in Irandegan Rural District , Irandegan District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Istres ( French pronunciation : ​(istʁ ) ) ( Occitan : Istre ) is a commune in southern France , some 60 km ( 38 mi ) northwest of Marseille .
The Nerskaya River ( Russian : Не́рская ) is a river in Moscow Oblast , Russia .
Eleftheriou Venizelou Street ( Greek : Οδός Ελευθερίου Βενιζέλου ) is a street in the south - central part of Patras , Greece .
Torsken Church ( Norwegian : Torsken kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Torsken in Troms county , Norway .
Osire is a refugee camp in central Namibia , situated 200 km north of the capital Windhoek next to the main road C30 from Gobabis to Otjiwarongo .
Rakhya ( Rahja , Russian : Рахья ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Vsevolozhsky District of Leningrad Oblast , Russia , located on the Karelian Isthmus northeast of Saint Petersburg .
Pudimoe or Pudumong is a town in Dr Ruth Segomotsi Mompati District Municipality in the North West province of South Africa .
The Canadian Soccer Association ( Canada Soccer ) ( French : Association canadienne de soccer ) is the governing body of soccer in Canada .
Isla Tierra del Fuego Airport ( ICAO : SCIT ) is a public use airport located 110 kilometres ( 68 mi ) north - northwest of Isla Tierra del Fuego , Magallanes y Antártica Chilena , Chile .
The Shire of Coorow is a local government area located in the Mid West region of Western Australia , about 290 kilometres ( 180 mi ) north of Perth , the state capital , and about 130 kilometres ( 81 mi ) south of the city of Geraldton .
Regnów ( ˈrɛɡnuf ) is a village in Rawa County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Central African Airways ( CAA ) was a supranational airline corporation serving as flag carrier for Southern Rhodesia , Northern Rhodesia and Nyasaland ( present day Zimbabwe , Zambia and Malawi ) , which were organised as Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland from 1953 to 1963 .
Chandrapur Airport ( ICAO : VA1B ) is located at Morwa , 9 Kilometres North - West of Chandrapur , Maharashtra , India .
Montagne des Mémises ( 1,674 m ) is a mountain in the Chablais Alps in Haute - Savoie , France near the Franco - Swiss border .
The Belles - Dames ( also known as the Orne ) is a small river in the Corrèze and Dordogne departments of southwestern France .
Javanese culture is the culture of the Javanese ethnic group in Indonesia , part of the Indonesian culture .
The Marketed Health Products Directorate ( MHPD ) is the Canadian federal authority that monitors the safety and effectiveness of health products marketed in Canada .
Morro de São Paulo ( translation : St. Paul 's Hill ) is one of 5 villages of the island Tinharé in the municipality of Cairu , Bahia , Brazil .
Rigelj pri Ortneku ( pronounced ( ˈɾiːɡəl pɾi ɔɾˈtneːku ) ; German : Rigl ) is a small settlement in the hills west of Ortnek in the Municipality of Ribnica in southern Slovenia .
Greater Beirut ( Arabic : بيروت الكبرى‎ ; French : Grand Beyrouth ) is the urban agglomeration comprising the city of Beirut ( Beirut Governorate ) and the adjacent ( municipalities ) over the Mount Lebanon Governorate .
Bąków Dolny ( ˈbɔŋkuf ˈdɔlnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny , within Łowicz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Hualien Airport ( Chinese : 花蓮機場 ; pinyin : Huālián Jīchǎng ) ( IATA : HUN , ICAO : RCYU ) is a commercial airport located in an 11.5-hectare ( 28-acre ) civilian area of a military airbase in Xincheng Township , Hualien County , Taiwan .
Skorzewo ( skɔˈʐɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościerzyna , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Hausken Church ( Norwegian : Hausken kirke ) is a parish church in Rennesøy municipality in Rogaland county , Norway .
Mount Danxia ( Chinese : 丹霞山 ; pinyin : Dānxiá Shān ) is a noted scenic mountainous area near Shaoguan city in the northern part of Guangdong , People 's Republic of China .
Jevšček ( pronounced ( ˈjeːu̯ʃtʃək ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kobarid in the Littoral region of Slovenia , right on the border with Italy .
Yekanat Rural District ( Persian : دهستان يكانات‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Yamchi District , Marand County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Inanwatan is a small coastal town in West Papua , Indonesia .
Central Restaurante is a restaurant located in the Miraflores District , Lima , Peru .
Busan Museum is a museum located in Busan , South Korea , open since 1978 .
Buba is the largest city in southern Guinea - Bissau , lying on the Rio Grande de Buba , near the Contanhez National Park .
Huta Pass ( el . 587 m. ) is a pass in the northern region of Romania .
Sarny Małe ( ˈsarnɨ ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Brzeski , within Brzeg County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Kurpaty ( Ukrainian : Курпати ; Russian : Курпаты ; Crimean Tatar : Kurpati ) is an urban - type settlement in the Yalta Municipality of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea , a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and annexed by Russia as the Republic of Crimea .
Mellrichstadt station is a railway station operated by the Deutsche Bahn in the Lower Franconian town of Mellrichstadt in Germany .
Rapallo is a municipality in the province of Genoa , in Liguria , northern Italy .
Koziakas ( Greek : Κόζιακας ) is a former municipality in the Trikala regional unit , Thessaly , Greece .
Sevastopol Sports Complex is a football stadium in Sevastopol , Ukraine ( currently occupied by Russia ) .
Ambang is a complex of volcanoes at the western of the northern arm of Sulawesi island , Indonesia .
The University of Cádiz ( in Spanish : Universidad de Cádiz ) , commonly referred to as UCA , is a public university located in the province of Cádiz , Andalusia , Spain , noted for its medicine and marine sciences curricula .
Riobamba ( Spanish pronunciation : ( rioˈβamba ) , full name San Pedro de Riobamba ) is the capital of the Chimborazo Province in central Ecuador , which is located at the Chambo River Valley of the Andes .
The Canton of Savines - le - Lac is a former canton in the Arrondissement of Gap in the department of Hautes - Alpes in the region Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur in France .
At the heart of Lebanon 's capital , Beirut Central District ( BCD ) is an area thousands of years old , traditionally a focus of business , finance , culture and leisure .
The InterCity 225 is an electric high speed train in the United Kingdom , comprising a Class 91 electric locomotive , nine Mark 4 coaches and a Driving Van Trailer .
Shenick Island or Shenick 's Island ( Irish : Oileán na Sionnach , meaning `` fox island '' ) is an island that lies east of Skerries , County Dublin , Ireland .
Istanbul Cağaloğlu Anadolu Lisesi , located in Cağaloğlu , İstanbul , is one of the oldest and internationally renowned high schools of Turkey .
Pongani Airfield was an aerodrome built during World War II at Pongani village Papua New Guinea .
Al Khums or Khoms ( Arabic : الخمس ‎ ) is a city , port and the de jure capital of the now - defunct Murqub District on the Mediterranean coast of Libya with an estimated population of around 202,000 .
Yagur ( Hebrew : יָגוּר ) is a kibbutz in northern Israel located on the northeastern slopes of Mount Carmel .
Dobruška ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈdobruʃka ) ; German : Gutenfeld ) is a small town in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic .
Pyongyang University of Science and Technology ( PUST ) is North Korea 's first privately funded university .
Zawisełcze ( zaviˈsɛu̯t͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec , within Sandomierz County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Marojejy National Park is a national park in the Sava Region of northeastern Madagascar .
The DDR - Liga ( English : East German League or GDR - League ) was , prior to German reunification in 1990 , the second level of football competition in the DDR ( Deutsche Demokratische Republik or German Democratic Republic , commonly East Germany ) , being roughly equivalent to the Bundesliga in West Germany .
Panjob ( Persian : پنجاب ‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Eyn Molla ( Persian : عين ملا‎ , also Romanized as `` Eyn Mollā ; also known as `` Eyn Malān ) is a village in Kani Bazar Rural District , Khalifan District , Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 39 , in 5 families .
Xanthi Arena , AKA Philippos Amiridis Arena is an indoor sporting arena that is located in the city of Xanthi , in the region of Western Thrace , Greece .
Güngören ( Turkish pronunciation : ( ˈɟynɟøɾen ) ) is a small industrial and working class residential district of Istanbul , Turkey .
Veria ( Greek : Βέροια or Βέρροια ) , officially transliterated Veroia , historically also spelled Berea , is a city in northern Greece , located 511 kilometres ( 318 miles ) north - northwest of the capital Athens and 73 km ( 45 mi ) west - southwest of Thessalonica .
Ofla ( also known by the Amharic form Wofla ) is one of the woredas in the Tigray Region of Ethiopia .
El Madrid de los Austrias ( English : The Madrid of the Austrians or the Habsburgs ) is a name used for the old centre of Madrid , built during the reign of the Habsburg Dynasty , known in Spain as Casa de Austria .
Rosersberg Palace ( Swedish : Rosersbergs slott ) is one of the Royal Palaces of Sweden .
Vidrga ( pronounced ( ˈʋiːdəɾga ) ; in older sources also Viderga ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi in central Slovenia .
Mazraeh - ye Urta Kand ( Persian : مزرعه اورتاكند‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Ūrtā Kand ) is a village in Yowla Galdi Rural District , in the Central District of Showt County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Damięty - Narwoty ( daˈmjɛntɨ narˈvɔtɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sońsk , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Orhem is a district ( Swedish : stadsdel ) in Skarpnäck borough , Stockholm , Sweden .
Lake Catani is an artificial lake in the Mount Buffalo National Park in Victoria , Australia .
Chehel Asiab ( Persian : چهل اسياب‎ , also Romanized as Chehel Āsīāb ) is a village in Dasht - e Bil Rural District , in the Central District of Oshnavieh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Havstein Church ( Norwegian : Havstein kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
The Croat Theatre of Pécs ( Hungarian : Pécsi Horvát Színház , Croatian : Hrvatsko kazalište Pečuh ) is the professional theatre of Croat minority in Pécs , Hungary .
The Oxford Institute of Legal Practice ( OXILP ) was a law school based in Oxford , United Kingdom which specialised in teaching the Postgraduate Diploma in Legal Practice , also known as the Legal Practice Course ( LPC ) .
The Albano Machado Airport ( IATA : NOV , ICAO : FNHU ) is a public airport located southeast of Huambo , a city in Angola .
Reinhardtsgrimma is a former municipality in the district of Weißeritzkreis in Saxony in Germany located near Dresden .
Bälau is a municipality in the Breitenfelde collective municipality ( Amt ) located in the Lauenburg district ( Kreis ) in southeastern Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Serenj Dakh ( Persian : سرنجداخ‎ , also Romanized as Serenj Dākh ; also known as Sīrīnj Dāgh ) is a village in Khvor Khvoreh Rural District , Ziviyeh District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Parinacota ( in hispanicized spelling ) , Parina Quta or Parinaquta ( Aymara parina flamingo , quta lake , `` flamingo lake '' ) is a massive dormant stratovolcano on the border of Chile and Bolivia .
Demdem ( Persian : دمدم‎ ) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District , Safayyeh District , Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Zijtaart is a village in the south of the Netherlands .
Lega Nord Emilia ( English : Northern League Emilia , LNE ) is a regionalist political party in Italy , active in the Emilian part of Emilia - Romagna .
CALAMBANGA , also known as the Calamba Jar or Calamba Claypot , is a famous landmark in Calamba , Laguna , Philippines believed to be the largest claypot in the world .
Grazalema is a village located in the northeastern part of the province of Cádiz , in the autonomous community of Andalusia , Spain .
Nahr - e Masjed ( Persian : نهرمسجد‎ ; also known as Masjed ) is a village in Nasar Rural District , Arvandkenar District , Abadan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Nova Canaã Paulista ( Portuguese for `` New Canaan of São Paulo '' ) is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil .
West Lorne Baptist Church , is an Evangelical Christian church in West Lorne , Ontario , Canada , founded in 1876 .
Hardangervidda National Park ( Norwegian : Hardangervidda nasjonalpark ) , at 3,422 square kilometers , is Norway 's largest national park .
Chathi , also spelt Chatthi , is a village of Haripur District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Øvre Eikeland is a location in Vennesla , Vest - Agder county , Norway .
Kastellokampos ( Greek : Καστελλόκαμπος ) is a neighbourhood of the city of Patras , Achaea , Greece .
Mazraeh - ye Mohammad Masumi ( Persian : مزرعه محمدمعصومي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Moḩammad Ma``şūmī ) is a village in Fasarud Rural District , in the Central District of Darab County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 23 , in 5 families .
Slonim District ( Belarusian : Слонімскі раён ) is a district ( rajon ) in Grodno Region of Belarus .
The Rheinpark Stadion in Vaduz is the national stadium of Liechtenstein .
La Torrecilla is a mountain with a height of 1,919 metres which lies south east of Ronda in the Sierra de las Nieves nature park in Andalucia , southern Spain .
Hemmental was a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland .
Kupa Synagogue ( Polish : Synagoga Kupa ) is a 17th - century synagogue in Kraków , Poland .
Iron Pot is a small flat sandstone island with an area of 1.27 ha in south - eastern Australia .
Oued Djemaa is a town in Relizane , northern Algeria .
The TAC Cup is an under 18 Australian rules football representative competition held in Victoria , Australia .
Rhônexpress is an express tram / express train line which links downtown Lyon , France , with its airport , Lyon - Saint Exupéry Airport , and the TGV train station located there .
Naduvannur is a Census Town in Kozhikode district in the state of Kerala , India and a part of Kozhikode Urban Agglomeration .
Griblje ( pronounced ( ˈɡɾiːbljɛ ) ; German : Grüble ) is a settlement on the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Zirenj ( Persian : زيرنج‎ , also Romanized as Zīrenj and Zirinj ; also known as Zerīnj and Zirach ) is a village in Mahyar Rural District , in the Central District of Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Bnied Al - Gar is a suburb of Kuwait City ; it is located in Al Asimah Governorate in Kuwait covering an area of approximately 1,320,220 squared metres .
The Eh'häusl is an eight - foot wide hotel in the city of Amberg , in the Upper Palatinate of Bavaria in Germany .
Falevai is a settlement in the Vava'u islands in Tonga .
`` Strømmen Storsenter '' Is now known as the largest Shopping mall in Norway
Dolné Naštice ( Hungarian : Alsóneszte ) is a village and municipality in the Bánovce nad Bebravou District of the Trenčín Region of north - western Slovakia .
Lomeh Daraq ( Persian : لمه درق‎ ) is a village in Abish Ahmad Rural District , Abish Ahmad District , Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kunova Teplica ( Hungarian : Kun Tapolca ) is a village and municipality in the Rožňava District in the Košice Region of middle - eastern Slovakia .
Vergina ( Greek : Βεργίνα ( verˈʝina ) ) is a small town in northern Greece , located in the regional unit of Imathia , Central Macedonia .
Skarpengland is a village by the Norwegian National Road 9 in the municipality of Vennesla , Norway .
Novohrad - Volynskyi ( Ukrainian : Новоград-Волинський , translit . : Novohrad - Volyns’kyi ; Russian : Новоград-Волынский , translit . : Novograd - Volynsky ; Yiddish : זוויל‎ translit . Zvil ; Polish : Zwiahel ) is a city in the Zhytomyr Oblast ( province ) of northern Ukraine .
Moskabad ( Persian : مسك اباد‎ , also Romanized as Moskābād and Meskābād ; also known as Moshkābād ) is a village in Belharat Rural District , Miyan Jolgeh District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Jais is the earliest known Naqvi Sadats of India .
Vestmarka is a forested and hilly area in Asker , Bærum and Lier which constitutes part of Oslomarka , Norway .
Kanaung is a town in the Ayeyarwady Division of south - west Myanmar .
The Hermitage of Santa Coloma de Albendiego ( Spanish : Ermita de Santa Coloma de Albendiego ) is a hermitage located in Albendiego , Spain .
Puras de Villafranca , also known as Puras , is a village in the municipality of Belorado ( Burgos , Spain ) in the region of Montes de Oca , with historical links to Villafranca Montes de Oca .
The University of Southern Queensland ( USQ ) is a medium - sized , regional university based in Toowoomba , Queensland , Australia , with four university campuses at Toowoomba , Springfield , Ipswich and Fraser Coast ( Hervey Bay ) .
Pulau Anak Bukom is a small 0.2-hectare islet located to the south west of Singapore , between Pulau Bukom and Pulau Bukom Kechil .
Chelopek ( Bulgarian : Челопек ) is a village in Vratsa Municipality , Vratsa Province in northwestern Bulgaria .
Benghazi al - Jadida or New benghazi is a Basic People 's Congress administrative division of Benghazi , Libya .
The Swiss Social Archives ( German : Schweizerisches Sozialarchiv , French : Archives Sociales Suisse ) in Zurich , Switzerland is a historical archive , an academic library , a collection of topical documentation and a research infrastructure specialising on social issues and social movements .
Hasan Owlan ( Persian : حسن اولان‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasan Owlān ; also known as Ḩasanlūlān ) is a village in Hulasu Rural District , in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Pounawea is a small settlement in The Catlins , an area of the southern South Island of New Zealand .
Krasyliv ( Ukrainian : Красилів , Russian : Красилов ) is a city in Khmelnytskyi Oblast ( province ) of western Ukraine .
Isla Pucú is a small town and district in the Cordillera Department of Paraguay .
Langstedt ( Danish : Langsted ) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig - Flensburg , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Ərəfsə ( also , Arafsa and Aravsa ) is a village and municipality in the Julfa Rayon of Nakhchivan , Azerbaijan .
Laža parish ( Latvian : Lažas pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Aizpute Municipality , Latvia .
Monte Caburaí is a mountain located on the border between the South American countries of Brazil and Guyana standing at 1,465 metres ( 4,806 ft ) above sea level .
The Kaarepere railway station is an historic railway station located in Kaarepere , Estonia .
Paulatuk Water Aerodrome ( TC LID : CEW8 ) , is located in the Parry Peninsula 's Darnley Bay near Paulatuk , Northwest Territories , Canada and is open from July until October .
Hainer See is a lake near Borna , Saxony , Germany .
Xerovouni ( Greek : Ξεροβούνι , also Ξηροβούνι Xirovouni ) is a mountain in the southern part of the Epirus region , Greece .
The Lotus Tower ( Colombo Lotus Tower ) is a tower under construction with a height of 350 metres , located in Colombo , Sri Lanka .
The Lal Communist Party Hind Union ( ' Red Communist Party , Indian Union ' ) was a political party in Punjab , India .
Kahir ( Persian : کهير‎ , also Romanized as Kahīr ) is a village in Kahir Rural District , in the Central District of Konarak County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Atlantic Upland , which is cut by lowlands , stretches over most of southern Nova Scotia , Canada .
Aral - Paygambar ( Uzbek : Payg'ambar Orol ; Russian : Арал-Пайгамбар ) , which means the island of the prophet , is an island on the Amu Darya river which separates Uzbekistan and Afghanistan .
Campo de Criptana is a municipality and town in the province of Ciudad Real in the autonomous community of Castilla - La Mancha ( Spain ) .
Vitry - Brienne Air Base is an abandoned military airfield in France , located approximately 17 miles northwest of Bar - sur - Aube ( Departement de l'Aube , Champagne - Ardenne ) ; 85 miles east - southeast of Paris .
Thomson Medical Centre Limited ( Abbreviation : TMC ; Chinese : 康生医院 ) is a 190 bed private hospital located at Thomson Road in Singapore .
Chu Hai College of Higher Education ( Chinese : 珠海學院 ) is a private degree - granting institute in Hong Kong .
Sir Dar ( Persian : سيردر‎ , also Romanized as Sīr Dar ) is a village in Khondab Rural District , in the Central District of Khondab County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Arnst River in New Zealand is a tributary of the Travers River , which itself flows into Lake Rotoiti , in Nelson Lakes National Park .
Lakarabad - e Sofla ( Persian : لكرابادسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Lakarābād - e Soflá ; also known as Lakarābād - e Pā'īn ) is a village in Angut - e Gharbi Rural District , Anguti District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Choremis ( Greek : Χωρέμης ) is a village and a community of the municipality of Megalopoli , Arcadia , Greece .
The Handeni Hill Forest Reserve ( or Handeni Game Controlled Area ) is a forest reserve located in Tanzania .
Kaggadasapura is a relatively new suburb located near DRDO township in CV Raman Nagar , Bangalore , India .
Incheh - ye Qadim ( Persian : اينچه قديم‎ , also Romanized as Īncheh - ye Qadīm ; also known as Īncheh - ye Kohneh ) is a village in Qarah Quyun - e Jonubi Rural District , Qarah Quyun District , Showt County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Wujie Dam ( Chinese : 武界壩 ; pinyin : Wǔjiè Bà ) is a concrete gravity dam on the Zhuoshui River in Ren'ai Township , Nantou County , Taiwan .
Yelechey ( Russian : Елечей ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Altansky Rural Okrug of Megino - Kangalassky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 64 kilometers ( 40 mi ) from Mayya , the administrative center of the district .
Kõrgelaid is a small , uninhabited , moraine - based island in the Baltic Sea , belonging to the country of Estonia .
Shahi Jan ( Persian : شاهيجان‎ , also Romanized as Shāhī Jān ; also known as Chenār - e Shāhī Jān and Chenar Shahijan ) is a village in Ramjerd - e Do Rural District , Dorudzan District , Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Pilone ( also known as Cima Pian del Bozzo ) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps , located on the border between Switzerland and Italy .
Terbyas ( Russian : Тербяс ; Sakha : Тылгыны ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Tylgyninsky Rural Okrug of Vilyuysky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 180 kilometers ( 110 mi ) from Vilyuysk , the administrative center of the district .
The IG Bergbau , Chemie , Energie ( IG BCE ) is a trade union in Germany .
Camucia is a small town in Tuscany in central Italy .
Berkovitsa ( Bulgarian : Берковица ) is a town and ski resort in northwestern Bulgaria .
Sant'Eligio dei Chiavettieri ( once known as Santa Maria ad Ercole ) is a Roman Catholic church in Naples , Italy , located at the intersection of via Cesare Sersale and vicoletto Chiavettieri al Pendino .
Dom Zalab ( Persian : دم زلاب‎ , also Romanized as Dom Zalāb ) is a village in Malavi Rural District , in the Central District of Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Wayllayuq ( Quechua waylla meadow , -yuq a suffix to indicate ownership , `` the one with a meadow '' , hispanicized spelling Huayllayoc ) is a mountain in the Chila in the Andes of Peru , about 5,300 metres ( 17,388 ft ) high .
Trujillo Cathedral ( constructed 1647 - 1666 ) is the cathedral of Trujillo , Peru .
Eshnunna ( modern Tell Asmar in Diyala Province , Iraq ) was an ancient Sumerian ( and later Akkadian ) city and city - state in central Mesopotamia .
Bahria College Karsaz Karachi , commonly abbreviated as BCKK , is a college in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
The Catholic Eparchy of Lungro ( Italian : Eparchia di Lungro ; Albanian : Eparhia e Ungres ) is in Calabria , Italy of Italo - Albanian Catholic Church .
Voyageur Airways Limited is an airline based in North Bay , Ontario , Canada that commenced operations in 1968 .
Huelva ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈwelβa ) ) is a city in southwestern Spain , the capital of the province of Huelva in the autonomous region of Andalusia .
Kryry ( German : Kriegern ) is a town in the Czech Republic .
Kapeta is a village in central Malawi on Lake Malawi .
Austur - Húnavatnssýsla was a county of Iceland located in the Northwestern Region region of the country .
CFR Turnu Severin was a football club based in Turnu Severin ( now Drobeta - Turnu Severin ) , Romania .
Daiting is a municipality in the district of Donau - Ries in Bavaria in Germany .
The Château d'Aguilar is a 12th - century castle , one of the so - called Cathar castles , located in the commune of Tuchan in the Aude département of France .
Zuidtangent is the former name of the bus rapid transit service between Haarlem , Nieuw - Vennep , and Amsterdam in the Netherlands .
Monte Balmaceda is a heavily glaciated mountain located in the Magallanes Region of Chile .
Park Dome Kumamoto is a multi - purpose indoor arena in Kumamoto , Kumamoto , Japan .
The Belmopan Public Library located on Mot Mot Ln , Belmopan , the capital city of Belize , was inaugurated on August 24 , 1970 .
Mokau is a small town on the west coast of New Zealand 's North Island , located at the mouth of the Mokau River on the North Taranaki Bight .
Redscar Bay is a bay to the northwest of Port Moresby , Papua New Guinea , extending for about 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) between Cape Suckling and Redscar Head , also situated between Kekeni Rocks and Lagava Island .
Centre , Democracy and Progress ( French : Centre démocratie et progrès , CDP ) was a centrist and Christian democratic political party in France .
The Mangfall Bridge is a motorway bridge across the valley of the Mangfall north of Weyarn in Upper Bavaria , Germany , which carries Bundesautobahn 8 between Munich and Rosenheim .
Copenhagen Airport , Kastrup ( Danish : Københavns Lufthavn , Kastrup ) or Copenhagen Airport ( Danish : Københavns Lufthavn ; IATA : CPH , ICAO : EKCH ) is the main international airport serving Copenhagen , Denmark , the entire Zealand , the Øresund Region , and a large part of southern Sweden ( not only Scania ) .
Amlash ( Persian : املش‎ , also Romanized as Amlesh ; also known as Amlish ) is a city in and the capital of Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Achkhoy - Martan ( Russian : Ачхо́й-Марта́н ; Chechen : Тӏаьхьа-Марта ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Achkhoy - Martanovsky District of the Chechen Republic , Russia .
Mount Tongkoko or Mount Tangkoko is a stratovolcano in the north of Sulawesi , Indonesia .
Gmina Bierawa , German Gemeinde Birawa is a rural gmina ( administrative district ) in Kędzierzyn - Koźle County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Matsumoto Airport ( 松本空港 ) ( IATA : MMJ , ICAO : RJAF ) , also known as Shinshu - Matsumoto Airport , is an airport located 5 NM ( 9.3 km ; 5.8 mi ) southwest of central Matsumoto , Nagano Prefecture , Japan .
Osiny Górne ( ɔˈɕinɨ ˈɡurnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Sydney Basin is both a structural ( deformed saucer - like ) entity and a depositional area , now preserved on the east coast of New South Wales , Australia and with some of its eastern side now subsided beneath the ocean .
Bakdalsan is a mountain in the county of Goesan , Chungcheongbuk - do in South Korea .
Jagdalpur is well connected by road with the Chhattisgarh state capital Raipur , Hyderabad Visakhapatnam , Vizianagaram and other nearby National Highways providing onward connectivity to other major towns and cities of India .
Giyan ( Persian : گيان‎ , also Romanized as Gīyān ; also known as Kīān , Qīān , and Qayān ) is a city in and capital of Giyan District , in Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
The Jardin botanique de l'École nationale vétérinaire d'Alfort is a botanical garden operated by the École nationale vétérinaire d'Alfort , and located on the school 's grounds at 7 , avenue du Général de Gaulle , Maisons - Alfort , Val - de - Marne , Île - de - France , France .
The Porta Nomentana was one of the gates in the Aurelian Walls of Rome , Italy .
Lubomierz ( luˈbɔmʲɛʂ ) ( German : Liebenthal ) is a town in Lwówek Śląski County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Graz University of Technology ( German : Technische Universität Graz , short TU Graz ) is the second largest university in Styria , Austria , after the University of Graz .
Duttabarutia is a village situated at Murshidabad district in West Bengal , India .
Pađene ( Serbian Cyrillic : Пађене ) is a village in the Šibenik - Knin County , Croatia .
The Western Clarion was a newspaper launched in January 1903 that became the official organ of the Socialist Party of Canada ( SPC ) .
The Serengeti Park in Hodenhagen , Lower Saxony , is a zoo and leisure park in North Germany .
Ragama is a suburb of Colombo city , located in the Western Province , Sri Lanka .
Sudurağı is a belde ( town ) in the central district ( Karaman ) of Karaman Province , Turkey .
The Battle of Steppes was fought in Belgium on October 13 , 1213 between Hugh Pierrepont , Bishop of Liège , and Henry I , Duke of Brabant .
Le Cambout ( Breton : Ar C'hembod , Gallo : Le Canbót ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France , within easy reach of the towns of Josselin , Loudeac , and Pontivy .
Mataura is a town in the Southland region of the South Island of New Zealand .
The Salmo railway station ( located in Salmo , British Columbia , Canada ) was built by the Great Northern Railway ( U.S. ) that later become the Burlington Northern Railroad along the Nelson and Fort Sheppard Railway , a branch line extending north into Canada .
Nanke Station ( pinyin : Nánke Chēzhàn ) is a railway station of the Taiwan Railway Administration ( TRA ) Western Line located in Xinshi District , Tainan City , Taiwan .
Puerto Cárdenas is a lakeside hamlet ( Spanish : caserío ) at the outflow of Yelcho Lake in Chaitén commune , southern Chile .
The South London and Maudsley NHS Foundation Trust , also known as SLaM , is an NHS foundation trust based in London , United Kingdom , which specialises in mental health .
Rotokura / Cable Bay is a bay and small settlement 18 kilometres ( 11 mi ) north - east of Nelson in New Zealand .
Davies Park is a sporting venue in the suburb of West End in Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
Horsforth was considered to have the largest population of any village in the United Kingdom during the latter part of the 19th century .
Sânger ( Hungarian : Mezőszengyel , Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈmɛzøːsɛnɟɛl ) ) is a commune in Mureş County , Transylvania , Romania that is composed of seven villages :
Lilleküla railway station ( Estonian : Lilleküla raudteepeatus ) is a railway station in Tallinn , the capital of Estonia .
Koryak Okrug ( Russian : Коря́кский о́круг , Koryaksky okrug ; Koryak : Чав’чываокруг , Chav'chyvaokrug ) , or Koryakia , is an administrative division of Kamchatka Krai , Russia .
Since the end of the Nagorno - Karabakh War in 1994 , representatives of the governments of Armenia and Azerbaijan have been holding peace talks mediated by the OSCE Minsk Group on the region 's disputed status .
Aramil ( Russian : Арами́ль ) is a town in Sysertsky District of Sverdlovsk Oblast , Russia , located on the Iset River ( Ob 's basin ) , 25 kilometers ( 16 mi ) southeast of Yekaterinburg , the administrative center of the oblast .
Karwodrza ( karˈvɔdʐa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchów , within Tarnów County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The village of Kłomino , located in northwestern Poland ( West Pomeranian Voivodeship , near Szczecinek ) is the only official ghost town in Poland .
The Vatican Climate Forest , to be located in the Bükk National Park , Hungary , was donated to the Vatican City by a carbon offsetting company .
Domnista ( Greek : Δομνίστα ) is a village and a former municipality in Evrytania , Greece .
The Camaldolese Hermitage of Monte Giove is a monastery near Naples , Campania , Italy .
Narubis is a settlement in Namibia with post office , hotel and shops 68 km south - east of Keetmanshoop and 100 km north - north - east of Karasburg .
The Rumaila oil field is a super - giant oil field located in southern Iraq , approximately 20 mi ( 32 km ) from the Kuwaiti border .
Attert ( Atert in Luxembourgish , Ater in Walloon ) is a Walloon municipality of Belgium located in the province of Luxembourg .
The Huitepec is the mountain towering to the West of San Cristobal de las Casas , Chiapas , in Southern Mexico .
Kolonia Wola Solecka ( kɔˈlɔɲa ˈvɔla sɔˈlɛt͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chotcza , within Lipsko County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Olkiluoto Nuclear Power Plant ( Finnish : Olkiluodon ydinvoimalaitos ) is on Olkiluoto Island , which is on the shore of the Gulf of Bothnia in the municipality of Eurajoki in western Finland .
Chałupa ( xaˈwupa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Parchowo , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Princes ' Gates is a triumphal arch monumental gateway at Exhibition Place in Toronto , Canada .
HŠK Posušje is a defunct football club based in Posušje , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Dom Qaleh ( Persian : دم قلعه‎ , also Romanized as Dom Qalʿeh ) is a village in Kuhdasht - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Desert National Park , Rajasthan , India , is situated in the west Indian state of Rajasthan near the town of Jaisalmer .
Serafimerlasarettet ( Seraphim Hospital ) , popularly known as Serafen , was the first modern hospital in Sweden .
The Michel Government is the incumbent Federal Government of Belgium formed following the 2014 Belgian government formation and sworn in on 11 October 2014 .
The Lad Khan Temple , dedicated to Shiva , is one of the oldest Hindu temples and is located in Aihole in the state of Karnataka , India .
Kakulin ( kaˈkulin ) ( German : Alden ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skoki , within Wągrowiec County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Langue de Barbarie ( French for `` Barbary tongue '' ) is a thin , sandy peninsula , adjacent to the Atlantic Ocean , located in western Senegal , in the neighbourhood of the city of Saint - Louis .
Mamchuri ( Ukrainian : Мамчурі ) is a village ( selo ) in Brodivskyi Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
Kotta is a village situated near the Pamba River in Kerala , India .
Sklad ( Russian : Склад ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Tumatsky Rural Okrug of Bulunsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 290 kilometers ( 180 mi ) from Tiksi , the administrative center of the district .
Čalovec ( Hungarian : Megyercs , Hungarian pronunciation:(ˈmɛɟɛrtʃ ) ) is a village and municipality in the Komárno District in the Nitra Region of south - west Slovakia .
Murovyevko ( also , Murov’yevko ) is a village in the Bilasuvar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Korlati ( Serbian Cyrillic : Корлати ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The 2013 Summer Deaflympics , officially known as the 22nd Summer Deaflympics , was an international multi - sport event that took place in Sofia , Bulgaria from July 26 to August 4 , 2013 .
Chatkalskiy State Nature Reserve is a reserve in the Toshkent Province of Uzbekistan comprising about 570 square kilometres of mountain steppes , mountain forests , alpine meadows , river valleys and floodplain forests .
Chah Zard Shomareh - ye Yek ( Persian : چاه زردشماره 1‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Zard Shomāreh - ye Yek ; also known as Chāh Zard ) is a village in Golestan Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Mosta Ground , now known as Charles Abela Memorial Stadium is the home ground of Mosta F.C in Mosta , Malta .
Varaita Valley ( in Italian Valle Varaita ) is a valley in south - west of Piedmont , in the Province of Cuneo - Italy .
Ar Rajma , Er Rajma , or Er Regima is a village in eastern Libya .
El Burgo is a village and municipality in the province of Málaga , located in the autonomous community of Andalusia in southern Spain .
Gascoyne Land Division was a land division of Western Australia defined under the Land Regulations of 2 March 1887 .
Mendeleyevsk ( Russian : Менделе́евск ; Tatar : Cyrillic Менделеев , Latin Mendeleyev ) is a town and the administrative center of Mendeleyevsky District in the Republic of Tatarstan , Russia , located on the Toyma River , 238 kilometers ( 148 mi ) east of Kazan .
Buni ( Urdu : بونی‎ ; also spelled Booni ) is the headquarters of Mastuj Tehsil , Upper Chitral , in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan .
Valdesoto is a parish located in the southeastern part of Siero a municipality ( conceyu ) of the province and autonomous community of Asturias , in northern Spain .
Rig Safar ( Persian : ريگ صفر‎ , also Romanized as Rīg Şafar ) is a village in Zarabad - e Gharbi Rural District , Zarabad District , Konarak County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Yaraziz ( Persian : يارعزيز‎ , also Romanized as Yār``azīz ) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District , Takht - e Soleyman District , Takab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 291 , in 61 families .
Ścinawa ( ɕt͡ɕiˈnava ) ( German : Steinau an der Oder ) is a town and municipality on the Oder river in the Lower Silesian region of Poland .
Yousaf Shah Halt railway station ( Urdu : یوسف شاہ ہالٹ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Pakistan .
The Canadian Health Network ( CHN ) was established in 1999 as a national , bilingual health promotion service operated by the Public Health Agency of Canada and major health organizations across Canada .
Gerd Kashaneh ( Persian : گردكشانه‎ ; also Romanized as Gerd Kashāneh and Gerdak Shāneh ; also known as Qertīq Shaneh ) is a city in and the capital of Lajan District , in Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Langar Barani ( Persian : لنگر باراني‎ , also Romanized as Langar Bārānī ; also known as Bārānī and Langar ) is a village in Qorqori Rural District , Qorqori District , Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Gmina Brześć Kujawski is an urban - rural gmina ( administrative district ) in Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Madona ( pronunciation ; German : Madohn ) is a town with town rights in the Vidzeme region of Latvia and is the center of the Madona municipality .
Boľ ( Hungarian : Boly ) is a village and municipality in the Trebišov District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia .
Trutnowy ( trutˈnɔvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cedry Wielkie , within Gdańsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Wassertrüdingen is a town in the district of Ansbach , Middle Franconia , Bavaria , Germany .
Al Bahraoyine is a small coastal town bordering the Strait of Gibraltar and it is a rural commune in Fahs Anjra Prefecture of the Tangier - Tétouan region of Morocco .
Mowtowr - e Saraj ( Persian : موتور سراج‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Sarāj ) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The A.V. Fomin Botanical Garden is one of the oldest botanical gardens in Ukraine , located in Kiev , the capital of Ukraine .
Watapur District is situated in the central part of Kunar Province in Afghanistan .
Waterwijk ( Amsterdam ) is a neighborhood of Amsterdam , Netherlands built on the site of the Amsterdam municipal waterworks .
Tshwane University of Technology ( TUT ) is a higher education institution in South Africa that came into being through a merger of three technikons --
Kani Khvareh ( Persian : كاني خواره‎ , also Romanized as Kānī Khvāreh ) is a village in Akhtachi Rural District , in the Central District of Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kodály körönd is a circus in Budapest , Hungary , at the intersection of Andrássy Avenue and Felsőerdősor u. , with beautifully painted old buildings and statues of four of Hungary 's great heroes in each corner .
Opfertshofen was a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in the north of Switzerland .
To solve this , on 7 June 1993 , President of Russia Boris Yeltsin issued a decree to merge Khrunichev and Salyut , forming the company Khrunichev State Research and Production Space Center .
Yaglivend ( also , Yağlivend , Yaglyvend , and Yaglevend ) is a village in the Fizuli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Wamoon is a village in Leeton Shire in the Riverina region of New South Wales , Australia .
Chenini ( Arabic : شنيني‎ ) is a ruined Berber village in the Tataouine district in southern Tunisia .
Draž ( German : Darasch , Hungarian : Darázs ) is a village and municipality in Osijek - Baranja County , Croatia .
Çərtəyəz ( also , Chartayaz ) is a village and municipality in the Kurdamir Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Aşağı Çardaqlar ( also , Aşağı Çardaxlar , Ashaga Chardakhly , Ashagy Chardakhlar , Ashagy - Chardakhar , and Chordakhly ; Avar : Бехе Чардахъ ) is a village and municipality in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Hohenlohe - Bartenstein was a German Principality of the House of Hohenlohe , located in northeastern Baden - Württemberg , Germany , around Bartenstein .
Stabulnieki parish ( Latvian : Stabulnieku pagasts , Latgalian : Stabuļnīku pogosts ) is an administrative unit of the Riebiņi Municipality , Latvia .
The Tschenglser Hochwand ( Italian : Croda di Cengles ) is a mountain in the Ortler Alps in South Tyrol , Italy .
Syktyvkar ( Russian : Сыктывка́р ; IPA : ( sɨktɨfˈkar ) ; Komi : Сыктывкар ) is the capital city of the Komi Republic , Russia .
The Fundación River is a river in northern Colombia , originating from the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta in the Cesar Department but flows down to the Magdalena Department crossing the town and municipality of Fundación before reaching the Ciénaga Grande de Santa Marta .
L'Alcúdia is a town and municipality in the province of Valencia , Spain .
Muru Muruni ( Aymara muru truncated , the reduplication indicates that there is a group or a complex of something , -ni a suffix to indicate ownership , hispanicized spelling Muro Muruni ) is a mountain in the Kallawaya mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,200 metres ( 17,060 ft ) high .
Rottal - Inn is a Kreis ( district ) in the southeastern part of Bavaria , Germany .
Vilnius Airport ( IATA : VNO , ICAO : EYVI ) ( Lithuanian : Vilniaus oro uostas ) is the international airport of Vilnius , the capital of Lithuania .
Coringa - Herald National Nature Reserve is a former nature reserve in Australia 's Coral Sea Islands Territory that was incorporated into the new Coral Sea Commonwealth Marine Reserve in December 2012 .
The Lanyu Power Plant ( Chinese : 蘭嶼發電廠 ; pinyin : Lányǔ Fādiànchǎng ) is a fuel - fired power plant in Yuren Village , Orchid Island , Taitung County , Taiwan .
Hosseinabad - e Chahrahman ( Persian : حسین‌آباد چاه رحمان ‎ ) is a village in Nosratabad Rural District ( Sistan and Baluchestan Province ) , in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Sotina ( pronounced ( ˈsoːtina ) ; Hungarian : Hegyszoros , German : Stadelberg ) is a village in the Municipality of Rogašovci in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia .
Mirkovo ( Bulgarian : Мирково , pronounced ( ˈmirkuvu ) ) is a village in western Bulgaria , part of Sofia Province .
Spišské Bystré is a large village and municipality in Poprad District in the Prešov Region of northern Slovakia .
Moše ( pronounced ( ˈmoːʃɛ ) ; German : Mosche ) is a village on the left bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Medvode in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
East - Finnmark ( Norwegian : Øst - Finnmark ) is a district in Finnmark county , Norway .
Plaza Tunjungan or Tunjungan Plaza or TP is a shopping center in Surabaya , Indonesia .
Lagoa dos Patos ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( laˈɡo(w).ɐ dus ˈpatus ) ; English : Ducks ' Lagoon ) is the second largest lagoon in Latin America and the biggest in Brazil .
Härnösands AIK is a sports club in Härnösand , Sweden , established in 1945 and originally thought to be called BK Virgo but required to change name because the other name was already used .
The Café Leonar is a café , bar and bookstore ( selling fiction , non fiction and Judaica ) in Hamburg , Germany , founded by Sonia Simmenauer .
The Anglican Diocese of Eastern Newfoundland and Labrador is one of seven dioceses of the Ecclesiastical Province of Canada in the Anglican Church of Canada .
Maysky District ( Russian : Ма́йский райо́н ; Kabardian : Майскэ къедзыгъуэ ; Karachay - Balkar : Май район ) is an administrative and a municipal district ( raion ) , one of the ten in the Kabardino - Balkar Republic , Russia .
The Atomic Energy Research Establishment ( known as AERE or colloquially Harwell ) near Harwell , Oxfordshire , was the main centre for atomic energy research and development in the United Kingdom from the 1940s to the 1990s .
Millu Hirka ( Quechua millu salty , Ancash Quechua hirka mountain , hispanicized spelling Millujirca ) is a mountain in the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru , about 4,900 m ( 16,076 ft ) high .
The Rösterkopf in the Osburger Hochwald ( Hunsrück in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany ) is a mountain with a height of 708 m.
Gnissau is a small village in the district Ostholstein in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany , part of the municipality of Ahrensbök .
Arcen en Velden ( pronunciation ) ( Limburgish : Árse en Velde ) is a former town and former municipality in the southeastern Netherlands , now part of the municipality and city of Venlo .
Bijar Pes ( Persian : بيجارپس‎ , also Romanized as Bījār Pes and Bījār Pas ; also known as Bidzharpas , Bījārīsh , and Bījār Pes - e Avval ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Yavar Kandi ( Persian : ياوركندي‎ , also Romanized as Yāvar Kandī ) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Zahajki - Kolonia ( zaˈxai̯ki kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyryki , within Włodawa County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Portosín is a town of northwestern Spain in the province of A Coruña , in the autonomous community of Galicia .
Gare de Marquise - Rinxent is a railway station serving the towns Marquise and Rinxent , in the Pas - de - Calais department , northern France .
The Pavillon de Paris was a large concert space in Paris , France , located near the Porte de Pantin Métro stop , on the northern edge of the city .
Trnovče ( pronounced ( təɾˈnoːu̯tʃɛ ) ; German : Ternoutsche ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills northeast of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Long Lopeng ( also known as Luping ) is a settlement in the Lawas division of Sarawak , Malaysia .
Smallegade ( lit . `` Narrow Street '' ) is a busy shopping street in the central part of Frederiksberg in Copenhagen , Denmark .
The Physical Research Laboratory ( PRL ) is a National Research Institute for space and allied sciences , supported mainly by Department of Space , Government of India .
Nguna Island is an outer island off the north coast of Efate , Vanuatu in Undine Bay .
Aliabad - e Sistaniha ( Persian : علي آبادسيستانيها‎ , also Romanized as ʿAlīābād - e Sīstānīhā ) is a village in Soltanali Rural District , in the Central District of Gonbad - e Qabus County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Melchor de Mencos is a municipality in the Petén Department of Guatemala with population 23,813 .
The Wadi Wishka Dam is a concrete - face rock - fill embankment dam located on Wadi Wishka , 29 km ( 18 mi ) southwest of Sokna in the Fezzan region of Libya .
The Bakossi Mountains are a mountain range that forms part of the Cameroon line of active and extinct volcanoes in western Cameroon , covering about 230,000 square kilometres ( 89,000 sq mi ) .
The Linnaean Society of New York ( LSNY ) was established in 1878 , in the city of New York , United States of America , by a group of amateurs interested in natural science , especially ornithology .
The Rowing Pond is a rowing boat pond in the amusement park Efteling in the Netherlands .
Stari Trg ob Kolpi ( pronounced ( ˈstaːɾi ˈtəɾk ɔp ˈkoːlpi ) ; Slovene : Stari trg ob Kolpi , formerly also known as Poljane ; German : Altenmarkt ) is a settlement above the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Hatna is a village in the southern state of Karnataka , India , located in the Mandya district .
Lago di Saoseo ( Lagh da Saoseo ) is a lake in the Val di Campo , a valley in the Poschiavo region of the Grisons , Switzerland .
Dilijan National Park , is one of the 4 protected national parks of the Republic of Armenia .
Aguanish Water Aerodrome ( TC LID : CTQ3 ) is located 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ; 1.2 mi ) west northwest of Aguanish , Quebec , Canada on the Aguanus River .
The Lower Zambezi National Park lies on the north bank of the Zambezi River in southeastern Zambia .
Delčevo ( Macedonian : Делчево ( ˈdɛɫtʃɛvɔ ) ) is a small town in the eastern mountainous part of the Republic of Macedonia .
Dobromerovići ( Serbian : Добромеровићи ) is a village in the Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Diyarbakırspor was a professional football club located in the city of Diyarbakır in Turkey .
The Dents de Bouquetins or just the Bouquetins ( French for Alpine ibexes ) are a multi - summited mountain of the Alps between Switzerland and Italy .
Cà Mau Airport ( IATA : CAH , ICAO : VVCM ) ( Vietnamese : Sân bay Cà Mau ) is a small airport in Cà Mau Province , the most southern part of Vietnam .
Terramelar is a neighborhood that belongs to the township of Paterna , in the land of Valencia(Spain ) .
Miķeļbāka or Miķeļtornis is the tallest lighthouse in Latvia .
Ptghavan ( Armenian : Պտղավան ; also , Pkhtavan ) is a town in the Tavush Province of Armenia .
Fakaofo , formerly known as Bowditch Island , is a South Pacific Ocean atoll located in the Tokelau Group .
Bodežnik ( Serbian : Бодежник ) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
South Bangka Regency ( Bangka Selatan ) is a regency ( kabupaten ) of Bangka - Belitung Province , Indonesia , with Toboali as its regency seat .
Dandugama ( Sinhalese : දඬුගම ) is a village in Sri Lanka .
Deymeh - ye Kuchek ( Persian : ديمه كوچك‎ , also Romanized as Deymeh - ye Kūchek ; also known as Dehmeh - ye Kūchak ) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Otelec ( Hungarian : Ótelek ) is a commune in Timiș County , Romania .
McCalla Field was a U.S. military airfield located at Naval Station Guantanamo Bay in Guantánamo Bay , Cuba .
Dikdash ( Persian : ديك داش‎ , also Romanized as Dīkdāsh ) is a village in Angut - e Gharbi Rural District , Anguti District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Mazraeh - ye Hajj Khani ( Persian : مزرعه حاج خاني‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Ḩājj Khānī ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , Rostaq District , Darab County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
San Cristóbal de La Paz was a fortress in Chile that was established in 1621 by Governor Cristóbal de la Cerda y Sotomayor .
The Kokkoz Jami Mosque , also known as Yusupov 's Mosque , is located in the village of Sokolyne , Ukraine .
The Faulkes Telescope South is a clone of the Liverpool Telescope and is located at Siding Spring Observatory in New South Wales , Australia .
Drinić ( Cyrillic : Дринић ) is a village and seat of the municipality of Petrovac , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
El Foro is a 3,000-seat venue for concerts in the city of Tijuana , Mexico .
Bonarów - Działki ( bɔˈnaruf ˈd͡ʑau̯ki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia , within Skierniewice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Pleszew ( ˈplɛʂɛf ) is a town in Poland , in Greater Poland Voivodeship , about 90 km southeast of Poznań .
Antzuola ( Spanish : Anzuola ) is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa , in the autonomous community of Basque Country , in the North of Spain .
Ko Phithak or Phithak Island ( also spelled Koh Pitak , Thai : เกาะพิทักษ์ , Thai pronunciation : ( kɔ̀ʔ pʰí.tʰák ) , lit . `` Protect Island '' ) is a small island in Thailand , in Chumphon Province on the eastern shore of the Gulf of Thailand .
Ayguetinte ( Aigatinta ( colored water ) in Occitan language ) is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France .
Jalal - Abad Airport ( Kyrgyz : Жалал-Абад аэропорту , Russian : Джалал-Абадский аэропорт ) ( IATA : none ( ДЖБ ) , ICAO : UAFJ ) is an airport serving Jalal - Abad , a city in Jalal - Abad Region ( oblast ) of Kyrgyzstan .
Kavala ( Greek : Καβάλα ; ( kaˈvala ) ) is a city in northern Greece , the principal seaport of eastern Macedonia and the capital of Kavala regional unit .
Adidovce is a village and municipality in Humenné District in the Prešov Region of north - east Slovakia .
Digitcom Canada Inc. is a Canadian business phone systems and data networks distributor .
Strathmore University is a chartered university based in Nairobi , Kenya .
Dawei District ( Burmese : ထားဝယ်ခရိုင် ) is a district of the Taninthayi Division of Myanmar .
Vedado ( Spanish : El Vedado , Spanish pronunciation : ( el βeˈðaðo ) ) is a central business district and urban neighborhood in the city of Havana , Cuba .
The former Court of Appeals in Cases of Capture , established by resolution of the Second Continental Congress on January 15 , 1780 , was the first federal court in the United States of America .
Drammen Museum of Art and Cultural History ( Drammens Museum for kunst og kulturhistorie ) is a museum in Drammen , Buskerud , Norway .
Little Nicobar ( Nicobarese : Ong ) is one of the Nicobar Islands , India .
Tauranga ( Māori pronunciation : ( ˈtaʉɾaŋa ) ) is the most populous city in the Bay of Plenty region of the North Island of New Zealand .
Clonderalaw is an historical barony in County Clare , Ireland .
The Canindé River ( Ceará ) is a river of Ceará state in eastern Brazil .
Baker Channel , also known as Calen Inlet , is a channel of Chile located in the Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region .
The Belgian Armed Forces ( Dutch : Belgisch leger ; French : Armée belge ) is the national military of Belgium .
Prasat Kuh Nokor is a Buddhist temple in the village of Trodoc Poung , Pong Ror commune , in Baray District , in Kampong Thom Province , Cambodia .
Paliometocho ( Greek : Παλιομέτοχο ( paʎoˈmetoxo ) ) , officially Palaiometocho ( Παλαιομέτοχο ( paleoˈmetoxo ) ) , is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus .
Chicola was a small port on the north coast of the Fallas , Cuba .
Rydal Dam is a minor ungated homogeneous earthfill embankment dam with a fuse plug uncontrolled open channel spillway across an off stream storage , located near Rydal in the Central Tablelands region of New South Wales , Australia .
Located at 200 meters above Normaal Amsterdams Peil , on top of the Vijlenerberg ( Vijlener hill ) , it is the highest situated town in the Netherlands .
Igbo - Ora is a town in Oyo State , south - western Nigeria , situated 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) north of Lagos .
Zuid - Afrikaans Hospital ( Afrikaans : Het Zuid - Afrikaans Hospitaal en Diakonessenhuis ) is a private , non - profit hospital in Muckleneuck , Pretoria , South Africa , where the working language is Afrikaans .
Kirche am Hohenzollernplatz by Fritz Höger , 1933 Schaubühne theatre by Erich Mendelsohn , 1926 Ahmadiyya Mosque Berlin , Germany 's oldest mosque from 1926 Russian Orthodox cathedral of the Resurrection of Jesus , 1938 Neo - Gothic Roman Catholic Saint Ludwig Church , 1897 Power station Berlin - Wilmersdorf , 1977
The Diamond Museum Amsterdam ( Dutch : Diamant Museum Amsterdam ) is a museum located at the Museumplein in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
The Katholieke Hogeschool Vives Noord ( Catholic College Vives North ) is a college for higher education in Belgium which was founded in the 1990s .
Luyksgestel was a part of the Southern Netherlands ( the present Belgium ) for a long time .
Zalog pri Škocjanu ( pronounced ( ˈzaːlɔk pɾi ʃkɔˈtsjaːnu ) ) is a small village west of Škocjan in the traditional region of Lower Carniola in southeastern Slovenia .
Phú Quốc is the largest island in Vietnam .
Kocs ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( kotʃ ) ) is a village in Komárom - Esztergom county , Hungary .
Snekkersten Station is a railway station serving the district of Snekkersten in the southern outskirts of the city of Helsingør , Denmark .
Saros Bay or Gulf of Saros ( Turkish : Saros Körfezi ) is an inlet of the northern Aegean Sea located north of the Gallipoli Peninsula in northwestern Turkey .
Yugoiztochen Planning Region ( South - East Planning Region ) is one of Bulgaria 's planning regions .
Barlonyo ( also Bar Lonyo , meaning `` field of wealth '' in Luo ) is a village in northern Uganda near Lira town , where a number of internally displaced people ( IDPs ) from parts of northern Uganda lived , as a result of a 20-year LRA insurgency .
Beauce - Sud is a provincial electoral district in the Chaudière - Appalaches and Estrie regions of Quebec , Canada that elects members to the National Assembly of Quebec .
The village of Gatumba lies on the western side of Burundi , near the border with the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Rogfast or the Rogaland Fixed Link is a planned sub - sea road tunnel between the municipalities of Randaberg ( near the city of Stavanger ) and Bokn in Rogaland county , Norway .
Ratkovci ( Hungarian : Rátkalak , ) is a small village in the Municipality of Moravske Toplice in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia .
Aguazul ( Spanish pronunciation : ( aɣwaˈsul ) ) is a town and municipality in the Department of Casanare , Colombia .
The Mater Misericordiae University Hospital ( commonly known as the Mater or MMUH ( Irish : Ospidéal an Mater Misercordiae ) ) is a major teaching hospital , based at Eccles Street , Phibsboro , on the northside of Dublin , Ireland .
Nordre Folgefonna ( English : Northern Folgefonna ) is one of the largest glaciers in mainland Norway .
The Fisheries Law Centre ( FLC ) is a grassroots non - profit research centre headquartered in Vancouver , Canada .
Poitou ( French pronunciation : ​(pwatu ) ) was a province of west - central France whose capital city was Poitiers .
Safiuddin Sarker Academy and College is a school located at Tongi , Gazipur Sadar Upazila , Gazipur District , Bangladesh .
Manyame is a constituency of Mashonaland West in Zimbabwe .
Sipiory ( ɕiˈpjɔrɨ ) ( German : Bergneukirchen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kcynia , within Nakło County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Kondazi ( Persian : كندازي‎ , also Romanized as Kondāzī ; also known as Kondārī and Kundāzi ) is a village in Abarj Rural District , Dorudzan District , Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran .
Gardaland is an amusement park located in North - Eastern Italy .
The Tararua District is an area near the south - east corner of New Zealand 's North Island that is administered by the Tararua District Council .
Osewo ( ɔˈsɛvɔ ) ( German Wossau ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Siem Pang Protected Forest is located in north - eastern Cambodia and is part of a large protected area complex that includes the Xe Pian protected area in Laos and the Virachey National Park in Cambodia , and Chư Mom Ray National Park in Vietnam .
Sielinko ( ɕeˈlinkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opalenica , within Nowy Tomyśl County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Gerdak - e Sepian ( Persian : گردكسپيان‎ , also Romanized as Gerdak - e Sepīān ; also known as Gerd Taspīān ) is a village in Lahijan - e Sharqi Rural District , Lajan District , Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Wolong National Nature Reserve ( simplified Chinese : 卧龙自然保护区 ; traditional Chinese : 臥龍自然保護區 ; pinyin : Wòlóng Zìránbǎohùqū ) is a protected area located in Wenchuan County , Sichuan Province , People 's Republic of China .
Severnaya Gora ( Russian : Северная Гора ; `` North Mountain '' ) is part of the Leningradsky District in northern Kaliningrad , Russia .
Qovlar ( also , Kovlar , Kovlyar , and Koylyar ) is a village and the most populous municipality , except for the capital Tovuz , in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Chalakudy is a municipal town situated on the banks of Chalakudy River in Thrissur District of the Kerala State in India .
Srednji Dolič ( pronounced ( ˈsɾeːdnji ˈdɔːlitʃ ) or ( ˈsɾeːdnji ˈdoːlitʃ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Mislinja in northern Slovenia .
Göteborgs Konsthall is a center for contemporary art in Gothenburg ( Göteborg ) , Sweden , showing both Swedish and international art . It is placed in a classicistic building from 1923 at Götaplatsen in the center of the city .
Jalan Langgar also known as Jalan Pahang Tua ( Pahang state route ) is a major road in Pahang , Malaysia .
Kherki Daula is a big village of Yaduvanshi Ahirs commonly known as Yadavs and Mahrauliya and Nirawalia commonly known as Jatav and Jatia in Gurgaon on National Highway 8 ( India ) .
The Château de Lutzelhardt is a 13th - century castle in the commune of Obersteinbach in the Bas - Rhin département , France .
Capella Ecumenica Sanctæ Annæ in scopulis is a chapel in the archipelago of S : t Anna , in the province of Östergötland in Sweden .
Hylte VBK is a volleyball club in Hyltebruk , Sweden , established in 1980 .
Gornji Ig ( pronounced ( ˈɡoːɾnji ˈiːk ) ; in older sources also Gorenji Ig , German : Oberigg ) is a village in the hills southwest of Iška Vas in the Municipality of Ig in central Slovenia .
The 2009 Xinjiang earthquake occurred in the Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region of the People 's Republic of China .
Osyedərə ( also , Osyodərə , Os’yadarya , Os’yedara , and Os’yedere ) is a village in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Baku Slavic University ( BSU ) ( Azerbaijani : Bakı Slavyan Universiteti ) , sometimes referred to as Baku Slav University , is a public university located in Baku , Azerbaijan .
Mgla ( Russian : Мгла ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Zapolyarny District of Nenets Autonomous Okrug , Russia .
Bayano Lake is a reservoir in the eastern part of Panamá Province , Panama created when the Bayano River was dammed in 1976 .
Damgheh - ye Kuchek ( Persian : دامغه كوچك‎ , also Romanized as Dāmgheh - ye Kūchek ; also known as Dāmgām , Damgeh , and Dāmgheh ) is a village in Mosharrahat Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Ntoum or Nkan is a town in Estuaire Province in northwestern Gabon .
Sanawan is a town in southern Punjab , Pakistan located near by the Sind River .
Iserbrook is a quarter in the Altona borough of the Free and Hanseatic city of Hamburg in northern Germany .
Wola Duchowna ( ˈvɔla duˈxɔvna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czermin , within Pleszew County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
As Sani ` is a settlement in Qatar , located in the municipality of Umm Salal .
NokScoot Airlines Company Limited , trading as NokScoot , is a Thailand - based low - cost medium to long - haul airline .
La Jument is the name of a lighthouse at the Northwestern part of France , Brittany .
Parchel ( Persian : پرچل‎ ) is a village in Zalaqi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Besharat District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Rozelle is a suburb in the inner west of Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia .
Bekisopa is a town in the region of Haute Matsiatra in central Madagascar .
The Kurwaldbahn is a funicular railway in the town of Bad Ems in the Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Zinal is a village located in the municipality of Anniviers in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Strezhevoy ( Russian : Стрежево́й ) is a town in Tomsk Oblast , Russia , located on the shores of the Ob River 's canal .
Tolombeh - ye Seyyedeh ( Persian : تلمبه سيده‎ ) is a village in Hana Rural District , Abadeh Tashk District , Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Khushipur is a town located in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Lunkuni Airport ( ICAO : FZCN ) is an airstrip serving the village of Lunkuni in Bandundu Province , Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Tademaït is a natural region in the Sahara Desert right in the centre of Algeria .
Tatabánya ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈtɒtɒbaːɲɒ ) ) is a city of 67,753 inhabitants in northwestern Hungary , in the Central Transdanubian region .
Carletonville is a gold - mining town in western Gauteng , South Africa .
Waytemore Castle is a ruined castle in the town of Bishop 's Stortford in Hertfordshire , United Kingdom .
The São Bento Fountain ( Portuguese : Fonte de São Bento ) is a fountain located in Corticeiro de Baixo , Carapelhos , Mira , Portugal .
The Mittelaletsch Glacier ( German : Mittelaletschgletscher ) is a 5 km long glacier ( 2005 ) situated in the Bernese Alps in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Khocho ( Russian : Хочо ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Nakharinsky 2-y Rural Okrug of Megino - Kangalassky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 37 kilometers ( 23 mi ) from Nizhny Bestyakh , the administrative center of the district .
Bon Tuman - e Yek ( Persian : بن تومان يك‎ , also Romanized as Bon Tūmān - e Yek and Bontūmān - e Yek ) is a village in Mamulan Rural District , Mamulan District , Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Masagua ( Spanish pronunciation : ( maˈsaɣwa ) ) is a municipality in the Escuintla department of Guatemala .
Mauerbach Charterhouse ( German : Kartause Mauerbach ) , in Mauerbach on the outskirts of Vienna , Austria , is a former Carthusian monastery , or charterhouse .
Herringlose ( Danish : Herringløse ) is a village with a population of 402 ( 1 January 2014 ) in Roskilde municipality , Denmark .
Cerro Negro de Mayasquer is a volcano on the border of Colombia and Ecuador .
Livanates ( Greek : Λιβανάτες ) is a seaside town ( population in 2001 : 3,023 ) in Phthiotis , central Greece .
Fässberg Parish is a parish in the Diocese of Gothenburg in Sweden .
Gurdwara Panja Sahib ( ਗੁਰੂਦਵਾਰਾ ਪੰਜਾ ਸਾਹਿਬ ) is a gurdwara situated at Hasan Abdal , 48 kilometres ( 30 mi ) from Rawalpindi in Pakistan .
Kumrovec ( Croatian pronunciation : ( kûmroʋet͡s ) ) is a village in the northern part Croatia , part of Krapina - Zagorje County .
Bursa Province ( Turkish : Bursa ili ) is a province in Turkey , along the Sea of Marmara coast in northwestern Anatolia .
Imatrankoski ( `` The Imatra Rapid '' ) is a rapid on the Vuoksi River in Imatra , Finland .
Ashnak ( Armenian : Աշնակ ; formerly , Eshniak ) is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
Haviq ( Persian : حويق‎ , also Romanized as Ḩavīq ; also known as Hevik ) is a city in and the capital of Haviq District , in Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Bredasdorp is a town in the Southern Overberg region of the Western Cape , South Africa , and the main economic and service hub of that region .
Preddvor ( pronounced ( pɾɛˈdʋɔɾ ) ; German : Höflein ) is a town in Slovenia .
Siswal is a village in Hisar district , Haryana , India Siswal is the early harappan civilisation site .
Sorik ( Armenian : Սորիկ ; until 1935 , Zorba and Dzorba ) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
Bryansk International Airport ( Russian : Международный аэропорт `` Брянск '' ) ( IATA : BZK , ICAO : UUBP ) is an airport in Bryansk Oblast in western Russia .
Prostřední Suchá ( Polish : Sucha Średnia , German : Mittel Suchau ) is a village in Karviná District , Moravian - Silesian Region , Czech Republic .
Playa Puerto Cruz is a roughly 1 km long beach located near Pedro Gonzalez in Isla Margarita , Venezuela .
The Ministry of Personnel Management ( Hangul : 인사혁신처 ; hanja : 人事革新處 ) is a branch of the government of South Korea .
Hålanda Church ( Swedish : Hålanda kyrka ) is a church in Hålanda , Skepplanda - Hålanda , in the diocese of Gothenburg , which lies in Västergötland , Sweden .
The Thagone mine is a large potash mine located in northern Laos in Vientiane Province .
Moschato ( Greek : Μοσχάτο ) is a suburb in the southwestern part of the Athens agglomeration , Greece .
Amares e Figueiredo is a civil parish in the municipality of Amares , Braga District , Portugal .
Borcea is a commune situated in the eastern part of Călăraşi County , Romania .
Džep ( Serbian : Џеп ) is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Vladičin Han , district of Pčinja .
Semirom ( Persian : سميرم‎ , also Romanized as Semīrom , Samirum , and Sīmrom ) is a city in and the capital of Semirom County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Nacharam is a suburb of Hyderabad capital city of Telangana State in India .
Niavan ( also , Yamandzhalu ) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia .
Alcossebre ( Spanish : Alcocéber ) is a seaside village in the Valencian Community located on the Costa del Azahar along the eastern Mediterranean coast of Spain in the province of Castelló .
The Gola Rainforest National Park ( GRNP ) was declared by President of Sierra Leone Ernest Bai Koroma and enacted by the Parliament of Sierra Leone in December 2010 .
The Mỹ Thuận Bridge ( Vietnamese : Cầu Mỹ Thuận ) is a cable - stayed bridge over the Mekong river , connecting Cái Bè District of Tiền Giang Province with Vĩnh Long City of Vĩnh Long Province in Vietnam .
St. Joseph Chapel , Americankettu North West , is in Cheloor , a village in Irinjalakuda , Trichur , Kerala , India , on the coast of the Arabian Sea .
Nowa Gazomia ( ˈnɔva ɡaˈzɔmja ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moszczenica , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Aqcha or Akcha ( Perso - Arabic spelling : آقچه ) , is a town in northern Afghanistan .
Lucelle Abbey or Lützel Abbey ( French : Abbaye de Lucelle ; German : Kloster Lützel ) was a Cistercian monastery in the present village of Lucelle , in the Haut - Rhin department in Alsace , France , but located right on the Swiss border .
Shivneri Caves ( शिवनेरी लेणी ) are located on Shivneri Hill , about 3 km North West of the Junnar town India .
The Nara Canal is an excavated waterway in Sindh province , Pakistan .
Simberi Island is a volcanic island in the Tabar Group , in Papua New Guinea 's New Ireland Province .
The Panjshir River flows through the Panjshir Valley in northeastern Afghanistan , 150 kilometres ( 93 mi ) north of Kabul .
Balutak ( Persian : بلوطك‎ , also Romanized as Balūţak ) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District , Doshman Ziari District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Basilica of Sant'Abbondio is a church in Como , Lombardy , northern Italy .
Brashten ( Bulgarian : Бръщен ) is a village in southwestern Bulgaria .
The Royal Academy of Engineering of Spain ( Spanish : Real Academia de Ingeniería , RAI ) is a corporation under public law entity that is governed by its statutes and by its internal regulations .
In 2013 Hethersett became the first village or town in the United Kingdom to receive a Prime Minister 's Big Society Award for its outstanding contribution to the Olympic legacy and sport and fitness in general .
The Alte Pinakothek ( Old Pinakothek ) is an art museum located in the Kunstareal area in Munich , Germany .
The Isozaki Atea ( Basque : Isozaki Gate ) twin towers in Bilbao , Spain are the tallest residential buildings in the city and the Basque Country .
Guaymate is a town or municipality in La Romana province of the Dominican Republic .
According to 2011 Nepal census , Thecho has a population of 10086 living in 2352 individual households .
Midtre Folgefonna is a glacier located in the Hardanger region of Hordaland county , Norway .
A / S Bærumsbanen was a tram company that operated the Lillaker- , Kolsås and Østensjø Line of the Oslo Tramway , Norway , from 1924 to 1971 when the company became part of Oslo Sporveier .
Yanuca Levu ( pronounced ( jaˈnuða ˈleβu ) ) is an island in Fiji 's Lomaiviti group .
Cabaret des Quat'z'Arts ( `` cabaret of the four arts '' ) was a venue at 62 Boulevard de Clichy , in Paris , France .
The Arkadi Monastery ( in Greek : / Moní Arkadhíou ) is an Eastern Orthodox monastery , situated on a fertile plateau 23 km ( 14 mi ) to the southeast of Rethymnon on the island of Crete in Greece .
Kjalarnes ( Icelandic pronunciation : ( ˈcʰaːlarˌnɛːs ) ) is the least populous district in the municipality of Reykjavík , the capital of Iceland , with a population of around 600 inhabitants .
Angoche Airport ( IATA : ANO , ICAO : FQAG ) is an airport serving Angoche , a city of Nampula Province in Mozambique .
Storgosia was a road station of Ancient Rome located in the vicinity of modern Pleven , north - central Bulgaria , in the modern Kaylaka Park .
Tindouf Airport is an airport in Tindouf , Algeria ( IATA : TIN , ICAO : DAOF ) .
The Ryazan Power Station ( also called Novomichurinsk Power Station ) is the fifth largest oil - fired power station in the world , also the fifth largest power station in Russia , with an installed capacity of 3,070 MW .
Arienzo is a town and comune in the Province of Caserta , Campania , southern Italy .
Turun Weikot ( TuWe for short ) is a sports club from Turku , Finland .
Temwen Island is a small island off the southeastern coast off the island of Pohnpei in the Federated States of Micronesia .
The Hurum Line ( Norwegian : Hurumbanen ) was a proposed railway line which would have connected Røyken and Hurum in Buskerud , Norway .
Ramsrigelj ( pronounced ( ˈɾaːmsɾiɡɛl ) ; German : Ramsriegel ) is a remote abandoned former settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia .
Gerdah Belij ( Persian : گرده بليج‎ , also Romanized as Gerdah Belīj ; also known as Gerdah Belej and Gerdeh Balīch ) is a village in Targavar Rural District , Silvaneh District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Härlanda Church Ruins ( Swedish : Härlanda kyrkoruin ) are the remains of a medieval church in Gothenburg , Sweden close to the picturesque housing area Bagaregården .
Dalavan ( Persian : دالاوان‎ , also Romanized as Dālāvān ) is a village in Piran Rural District , in the Central District of Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The River Clare ( Irish : Abhainn an Chláir ) is a river in counties Mayo and Galway in Ireland .
Wadi el Kuf Bridge ( Formal Arabic : جسر وادي الكوف , jisr ouadi elkouf ) , is a bridge located 20 km west of Bayda , Libya .
Molossoi ( Greek : Μολοσσοί ) is a former municipality in the Ioannina regional unit , Epirus , Greece .
Turiy Peninsula ( Russian : Турий полуостров ) is peninsula located in Murmansk Oblast , Russia .
Overschie is a neighbourhood of Rotterdam , Netherlands , formerly a separate village with its own municipality .
Ňasan khēl is a town located in Afghanistan with a population of 1,652 .
Rothéneuf is a village in the north west of France , situated north - east from Saint - Malo , about five kilometres alongside the coast .
The Gender Recognition Panel is a tribunal in the United Kingdom dealing with transsexual and transgender concerns and allowing people to change their legal gender .
Artupa ( also , Ardupa ) is a village and municipality in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Batnoga is a village in municipality of Cetingrad in Croatia , population 95 ( 2011 ) .
Tālava was a Latgalian county in the northern Vidzeme and northern Latgale region of today 's Latvia .
The Takwa settlement is situated on the south side of Manda Island , in the Lamu District in the coastal province of Kenya .
The Château Saint - Aubin is a Bordeaux wine producer in Jau - Dignac - et - Loirac , Gironde , France .
Gharbeh ( Persian : غربه‎ ; also known as Gharbeh - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Jam Rural District , in the Central District of Jam County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
The Kabardino - Balkar Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic was an autonomous republic of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic , in the former Soviet Union , and was originally a part of the Mountain Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic .
Yalnızcabağ ( literally `` Lonely orchard '' ) is a village in Mut district of Mersin Province , Turkey .
Göscheneralpsee is a reservoir in the municipality of Göschenen , Canton of Uri , Switzerland .
The Mambai ( also Mambae , Manbae ) are the second largest ethnic group in East Timor .
Nilai Memorial Park is a public memorial park in Nilai , Negeri Sembilan , Malaysia .
Kallebäck is one of 8 districts in Örgryte borough , Gothenburg , Sweden .
Krathis ( Greek : Κράθις ) is a river in the eastern part of Achaea , southern Greece .
Ab Nagun ( Persian : آب‌نگون‎ , also Romanized as Āb Nagūn and Ābnagūn ) is a village in Mazu Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Rensumaborg is a borg in the village of Uithuizermeeden in Groningen in the Netherlands .
26 October Barracks is a former barracks of the Slovenian Armed Forces , located at Stara Vrhnika in Vrhnika Municipality , central Slovenia .
Kfar Azar ( Hebrew : כְּפַר אֲזָ``ר ) is a moshav ovdim located in the Ono Valley in central Israel .
Cospicua ( Maltese : Bormla ( ˈbɔrmlɐ ) ) , also known by its titles Città Cospicua or Civitas Cottonera , is a double - fortified harbour city in the South Eastern Region of Malta .
The Weesp train disaster took place on 13 September 1918 near Weesp in the Netherlands .
The Tsitsikamma River ( Afrikaans : Tsitsikammarivier ) is a small river at the western end of the Eastern Cape coast , South Africa .
Felsenegg ( el . 804 metres ( 2,638 ft ) ) is a vantage point in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland .
Delli - ye Solmavand ( Persian : دلي سلماوند‎ , also Romanized as Dellī - ye Solmāvand ) is a village in Rud Zard Rural District , in the Central District of Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Kreta Ayer Road ( Chinese : 水车路 ) is a one - way road located in Chinatown within the Outram Planning Area in Singapore .
Deh Riz ( Persian : دهريز‎ , also Romanized as Deh Rīz , Dehraz , and Deīrīz ) is a village in Bardesareh Rural District , Oshtorinan District , Borujerd County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Sovinek ( pronounced ( sɔˈʋiːnək ) ) is a small village in the Municipality of Semič in southeastern Slovenia .
Kalasur ( Persian : كلاسور‎ , also Romanized as Kalāsūr , Kalasoor , and Kelāsūr ; also known as Keyālīsūr , Kialiasur , and Kyalyasur ) is a village in Misheh Pareh Rural District , in the Central District of Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Fáy András Economic High School ( Hungarian : Fáy András Közgazdasági Szakközépiskola ) in the city of Miskolc , Hungary , was opened on 3 October 1917 as a girl 's economic high school .
Mazarlaq ( Persian : مزارلق‎ , also Romanized as Mazārlaq ; also known as Eslāmbūl ) is a village in Jargalan Rural District , Raz and Jargalan District , Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Pandatarai is a town & ( since 2008 ) nagar panchayat in the Kabirdham ( formerly Kawardha ) district of Chhattisgarh , India .
Yundum is a small town in Gambia , east of the capital , Banjul .
Miiluranta is a village in Finland , the municipality of Kärsämäki , Northern Ostrobothnia .
Mont - Tremblant National Park ( French : Parc national du Mont - Tremblant ) is a national park of Canada located north of the town of Mont - Tremblant , and the village of Saint - Donat and Saint - Côme , in the administrative regions of Laurentides and Lanaudière , in Quebec , in Canada .
Cabanillas de la Sierra ( Spanish pronunciation : ( kaβaˈniʎaz ðe la ˈsjera ) ) is a municipality of the autonomous community of Madrid , Spain .
Sandbore Caye is a very small island 50 miles ( 80 km ) off the coast of Belize , part of Lighthouse Reef Atoll .
Hendelabad ( Persian : هندل اباد‎ , also Romanized as Hendelābād ; also known as Hamādīlābād and Handīlābād ) is a village in Kenevist Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Faistos ( Greek : Φαιστός ) is a municipality in Heraklion regional unit , Crete , Greece .
The Haidari concentration camp ( Greek : στρατόπεδο συγκέντρωσης Χαϊδαρίου , stratópedo syngéntrosis Chaidaríou , German : KZ Chaidari ) was a concentration camp operated by the German Schutzstaffel in Haidari during the Axis Occupation of Greece from September 1943 to September 1944 .
Pudasjärvi Airfield ( ICAO : EFPU ) ( Finnish : Pudasjärven lentokenttä or Pudasjärven Ilmailukeskus ) is an airfield in Pudasjärvi , Finland , about 5 kilometres ( 3 mi ) north - northwest from Kurenalus , the Pudasjärvi town centre .
Nador International Airport ( Berber : Anafag n Ennaḍor Aɛarwi ; Arabic : مطار الناظور العروي‎ ) , ( IATA : NDR , ICAO : GMMW ) , is an international airport serving Nador , a city in the Oriental region in Morocco .
Kalocsa ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈkɒlot͡ʃɒ ) ; Croatian : Kaloča or Kalača ; Serbian : Kaloča or Калоча ; German : Kollotschau ) is a town in Bács - Kiskun county , Hungary .
Zavinaq ( Persian : ذوينق‎ , also Romanized as Z̄avīnaq ; also known as Zavanaq , Zavanīq , Zavnīq , Zoonaq , Zūneh , and Zvina ) is a village in Sojas Rud Rural District , Sojas Rud District , Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Obersinn is a market community in the Main - Spessart district in the Regierungsbezirk of Lower Franconia ( Unterfranken ) in Bavaria , Germany and a member of the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft ( Administrative Community ) of Burgsinn .
Tchórz ( txuʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Every year since 1973 one of the largest antiques markets in Switzerland ( Fête de la brocante ) is held in Le Landeron .
Birinci İpək ( also , İpək-1 ) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Chedoke Twin Pad Arena is a city - owned recreation complex in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
Mieszkowice ( mʲɛʂkɔˈvʲit͡sɛ ) ( German : Bärwalde in der Neumark ; Kashubian : Berwôłd ) is a town in Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship in northwestern Poland , about 15 km ( 9.3 mi ) east of the Oder river and the border with Germany .
The Kamiesberg or Kamiesberge ( Khoikhoi `` Th'amies '' = `` jumble '' ) , is a mountain range of jumbled granite inselbergs or bornhardts dotted over sandy plains and centered on Kamieskroon in Namaqualand in South Africa .
The Rowghat Mines contain the second largest iron ore deposits in Chhattisgarh state of India after the Bailadila Iron Ore Mine .
Nonnebakken ( literally , `` The Nun Hill '' ) is a hill in Odense , Denmark .
Égletons ( Aus Gletons in Occitan ) is a commune in the Corrèze department in south - western France .
Darnah Governorate ( Derna Governorate , Arabic : درنة محافظة‎ ) was one of the governorates ( muhafazah ) of Libya from 1963 to 1983 .
The Buenos Aires Metropolitan Cathedral ( Spanish : Catedral Metropolitana de Buenos Aires ) is the main Catholic church in Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Treinta y Tres is the capital city of the Treinta y Tres Department in eastern Uruguay .
Rotpartiet ( a Swedish term which can be translated as `` Root Party '' or `` Grassroots Party '' ) is a local political party in the municipality of Åtvidaberg , Sweden .
The existing name Rogged Bay was recommended , as limited to this small bay , by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place - Names Committee ( UK - APC ) in 1954 .
Hardangervidda is a mountain plateau ( `` vidde '' in Norwegian ) in central southern Norway , covering parts of the counties of Buskerud , Hordaland and Telemark .
The Telkwa Range is a subrange of the Bulkley Ranges , located south of the junction of the Telkwa River and Bulkley River in northern British Columbia , Canada .
Naregun Hasan ( Persian : نارگون حسن‎ , also Romanized as Nāregūn Ḩasan ) is a village in Poshteh - ye Zilayi Rural District , Sarfaryab District , Charam County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Lady Julia Percy Island , also known by its Aboriginal name Deen Maar or Dhinmar , lies 6 kilometres ( 3.7 mi ) off the coast , in the Barwon South West region of Victoria , Australia in Bass Strait .
Nova Kakhovka ( Ukrainian : Нова Каховка , Russian : Новая Каховка ) is a city in the Kherson Oblast of southern Ukraine , recognized as the Monument of Architecture , and was part of the Great Construction Projects of Communism .
Amejjaou ( Amazigh : Amejjaw , ⴰⵎⴻⵊⵊⴰⵡ , Arabic : ا مجو ) is a commune in the Driouch Province of the Oriental administrative region of Morocco .
Batagay Airport ( IATA : BQJ , ICAO : UEBB ) is an airport serving the urban locality of Batagay , Verkhoyansky District , in the Sakha Republic of Russia , ashore the Yana River .
Netta - Folwark ( ˈnɛtːa ˈfɔlvark ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Augustów , within Augustów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Alt Tucheband is a municipality in the district Märkisch - Oderland , in Brandenburg , Germany
Nieuwerkerk aan den IJssel ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈniu̯ərˌkɛrk aːn dɛn ˈɛi̯səl ) ; population : 22,344 in 2004 ) is a town and former municipality in the western Netherlands , in the province of South Holland .
Mont Néry ( French ) or Becca Frudiera ( Italian ) ( 3,075 m ) is a mountain of the Pennine Alps in Aosta Valley , northwestern Italy , located between the Ayas Valley and the Gressoney Valley .
Manarola ( Manaea in the local dialect ) is a small town , a frazione of the comune ( municipality ) of Riomaggiore , in the province of La Spezia , Liguria , northern Italy .
The Klein Fiescherhorn ( or Ochs ) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps , situated east of the Gross Fiescherhorn on the border between the cantons of Berne and Valais in Switzerland .
Southeast Edmonton is a residential area in the southeast portion of the City of Edmonton in Alberta , Canada .
Rønnede was a municipality ( Danish , kommune ) in the former Storstrøm County in south Denmark .
Bagh - e Marbut ( Persian : باغ مربوط‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Marbūţ ) is a village in Bid Shahr Rural District , Evaz District , Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Accademia delle Arti del Disegno , or `` Academy of the Arts of Drawing '' , is an academy of artists in Florence , Italy .
The H. Lavity Stoutt Community College ( often referred to locally as HLSCC ) is a community college in the British Virgin Islands .
Andouque ( Andoca in Occitan ) is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France .
Isiolo is a town in the former Eastern Province , Kenya .
Mayadin District ( Arabic : منطقة الميادين‎ ) is a district ( mantiqah ) administratively belonging to Deir ez - Zor Governorate , Syria .
Waverley / Lake William Water Aerodrome ( TC LID : CLW3 ) was located adjacent to the Waverley , Nova Scotia , Canada .
The Waterloo Region Record ( formerly The Record ) is the daily newspaper covering Waterloo Region , Ontario , Canada , including the cities of Kitchener , Waterloo and Cambridge , as well as the surrounding area .
Kozí Vrbovok is a village and municipality in the Krupina District of the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia , 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) south - south east of Krupina .
The Hamersley & Robe River railway , majority - owned by the Rio Tinto Group , and operated by its subsidiary Pilbara Iron , is a private rail network in the Pilbara region of Western Australia for the purpose of carrying iron ore .
Tây Ninh Combat Base ( also known as Tây Ninh Base Camp and Tây Ninh West ) is a former U.S. Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam ( ARVN ) and current People 's Army of Vietnam ( PAVN ) base west of Tây Ninh in southern Vietnam .
Nehzom - e Seyqal Kumeh ( Persian : نهزم صيقل كومه‎ , also Romanized as Nehzom - e Şeyqal Kūmeh ; also known as Nehzom ) is a village in Jirdeh Rural District , in the Central District of Shaft County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Bockelnhagen is a village and a former municipality in the district of Eichsfeld in Thuringia , Germany .
Sport Club Gaúcho , also known as Gaúcho , is a Brazilian soccer club based in Passo Fundo , Brazil .
Aalborg Zoo is a zoo located near the center of Aalborg in Denmark .
Dønnesfjord Church ( Norwegian : Dønnesfjord kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Hasvik in Finnmark county , Norway .
The Battle of Telamon was fought between the Roman Republic and an alliance of Gauls in 225 BC . The Romans , led by the consuls Gaius Atilius Regulus and Lucius Aemilius Papus , defeated the Gauls , thus extending their influence over northern Italy .
The firm is remembered mostly in connection with the development of Italy 's first supersonic jet , the Aerfer Sagittario 2 .
Novotel Warszawa Centrum is a skyscraper hotel in Warsaw , Poland .
Pind Dadan Khan Tehsil ( Urdu / Punjabi : پنڈ دادن خان ) is a subdivision of Jhelum District , Punjab , Pakistan .
Bisaran ( Persian : بيساران‎ , also Romanized as Bīsārān and Beysāran ; also known as Bhasran ) is a village in Bisaran Rural District , in the Central District of Sarvabad County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Zavkuh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان زاوكوه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Pishkamar District , Kalaleh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Macará is a city located in Loja province in Ecuador .
Loiu ( Spanish : Lujua ) is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay , in the autonomous community of Basque Country , northern Spain .
Noto Cathedral ( Italian : Cattedrale di Noto ; La Chiesa Madre di San Nicolò ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Noto in Sicily , Italy .
Douala International Airport ( French : Aéroport international de Douala ) ( IATA : DLA , ICAO : FKKD ) is an international airport located 10 kilometres ( 5 nmi ; 6 mi ) from Douala , the largest city in Cameroon and the capital of Cameroon 's Littoral Region .
Bilibino ( Russian : Били́бино ) is a town and the administrative center of Bilibinsky District in Chukotka Autonomous Okrug , Russia , located at the confluence of the Karalveyem and Bolshoy Keperveyem Rivers ( Kolyma 's basin ) , 625 kilometers ( 388 mi ) northwest of Anadyr , the administrative center of the autonomous okrug .
Curacoa Island ( pron . KEWR - ə - sow ) is one of the islands in the Great Palm Island group off the coast of Queensland , Australia .
East Kent College is a further education college ( although also provides higher education courses ) located in Broadstairs , Kent on the southeast coast of the United Kingdom .
Officially RTL 5 - along with RTL 4 , RTL 7 and RTL 8 - is headquartered in Luxembourg , broadcasting with a Luxembourg TV license .
Mątowy Małe ( mɔnˈtɔvɨ ˈmawɛ ) ( German : Klein Montau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłoradz , within Malbork County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Bardufoss Air Station ( IATA : BDU , ICAO : ENDU ) ( Norwegian : Bardufoss flystasjon ) is located in the municipality of Målselv in Troms county in Northern Norway .
Museum Siam is a museum that is located at Sanamchai road in Bangkok , Thailand .
Skenderovići ( Cyrillic : Скендеровићи ) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Khomsianeh ( Persian : خمسيانه‎‎ , also Romanized as Khomsīāneh ) is a village in Beyranvand - e Jonubi Rural District , Bayravand District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Grand Valley ( Madill Field ) Aerodrome ( TC LID : CGV4 ) was located 3 nautical miles ( 5.6 km ; 3.5 mi ) southeast of Grand Valley , Ontario , Canada .
Punta Final Airstrip is a public airstrip located in Punta Final , Municipality of Ensenada , Baja California , Mexico , a little village located on the Gulf of California coast .
Mak 's Noodle ( Chinese : 麥奀雲吞麵世家 ) is a traditional Cantonese restaurant in Central , Hong Kong , specialising in wonton noodles .
Førde Airport , Øyrane ( IATA : FDE , ICAO : ENFD ; Norwegian : Førde lufthavn , Øyrane ) was a regional airport located at Øyrane in Førde , Norway .
The Pevchesky Bridge ( Russian : Пе́вческий мост ; literally Singers ' Bridge ) , also known as the Choristers ' Bridge or Yellow Bridge ( Жёлтый Мост , Zholtyi Most ) , is a single - span bridge across the Moika River in Saint Petersburg , Russia .
Bazimini or Bazmini is a small town on the island of Anjouan in the Comoros .
The Metro Tláhuac is the terminal station of Line 12 of the Mexico City Metro .
Iljas is a maritime village on the Albanian Riviera in Vlorë County , Albania .
Czocha Castle ( German : Tzschocha , Latin : Caychow ) is a defensive castle in the Czocha village ( Gmina Lesna ) , in Lubań County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship ( southwestern Poland ) .
Ruś Szlachtowska ( Shlakhtov Ruthenia ) was a name introduced in 1930s by Prof . Roman Reinfuss to denote the region surrounding four villages ( Biała and Czarna Woda , Jaworki and Szlachtowa ) in the Grajcarek valley in the Pieniny mountains , in the Nowy Targ County of southern Poland .
Boucles de l'Aulne is a single - day road bicycle race held annually in May or June around Châteaulin , in the region of Brittany , France .
Zibad ( Persian : زيبد‎ , also Romanized as Zībad ) is a village in Zibad Rural District , Kakhk District , Gonabad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Panguil Bay , an arm of the Iligan Bay , is an inlet in Mindanao in the Philippines .
Mount Douglas Secondary School is a four - year public secondary school located in Saanich , British Columbia , Canada , with around 1,200 students on roll .
Dili International School is an international English - language school situated in Dili , the capital of East Timor .
Hornby High School is a state coeducational secondary school located in the western Christchurch , New Zealand suburb of Hornby .
Christ 's College Big School is a building of Christ 's College in Christchurch , New Zealand .
The Jaguara Dam is an embankment dam on the Grande River about 6 kilometres ( 3.7 mi ) north of Rifaina , Brazil .
Andrejčje ( pronounced ( anˈdɾeːi̯tʃɛ ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Bloke in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Charlottenborg Palace ( Danish : Charlottenborg Slot ) is a large town mansion located on the corner of Kongens Nytorv and Nyhavn in Copenhagen , Denmark .
The proposed Springbok Flats mine will be located near Settlers in southern Limpopo province , South Africa .
The Port of Montevideo ( Spanish : Puerto de Montevideo ) , in the northern part of the Old City of Montevideo , Uruguay , is one of the major ports of South America and plays a very important role in the economy of Uruguay .
The University of Rennes 1 is one of the two main universities in the city of Rennes , France .
Sogamoso River ( Spanish pronunciation : ( soɣaˈmoso ) ) is a river of northern Colombia .
Weidingen ( Luxembourgish : Wegdichen ) is a village in the commune of Wiltz , in north - western Luxembourg .
The Bergisch Gladbach Observatory is an astronomical observatory located in Bergisch Gladbach , Germany , at 51 ° 05′15.4``N 7 ° 29′08.8''E. Its observatory code is 621 .
The Flens - Arena ( until November 2012 the Campushalle ) is an indoor sporting arena located in Flensburg , north Germany .
Hämeenlinnan Tarmo is a sports club founded in Hämeenlinna , Finland in 1903 .
Fasci d'Azione Internazionalista ( English : Fasci of International Action ) was an Italian fascio movement formed in 1914 that advocated Italy 's participation in World War I on the side of the Triple Entente against the Central Powers .
Bjärka - Säby Castle ( Nya slottet Bjärka - Säby ) is a baroque style château located south of Linköping , in Östergötland County , Sweden .
The Flumenthal Dam is a regulating dam at Flumenthal , Switzerland , which was erected as the most important element of all the works of the Second Jura water correction .
Vecate parish ( Latvian : Vecates pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Burtnieki Municipality , Latvia - located in northern Latvia , south of the town of Mazsalaca , near the river Salaca and Lake Burtnieks which is fourth largest lake in Latvia .
The Montenegrin Navy ( Montenegrin : Mornarica Vojske Crne Gore ) is a branch of the Military of Montenegro .
The McMichael Canadian Art Collection is an art gallery in Kleinburg , Ontario , Canada , northwest of Toronto .
The State of Brazil ( Portuguese : Estado do Brasil ) was one of the states of the Portuguese Empire , in the Americas during the period of Colonial Brazil .
Ghislenghien ( Dutch : Gellingen ) is a small town near Ath in Hainaut province , part of the Francophone Walloon region of Belgium .
Malý Beranov ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈmaliː ˈbɛranof ) ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Laggers Point is a headland on the Mid North Coast of New South Wales , Australia .
Pedong lies on the historic Silk Road that connects India to Lhasa via the Jelepla Pass .
Via Paolo Sarpi is a street in Milan , Italy , known to be the center of the city 's Chinese community ( Chinatown ) .
Bomarzo is a town and comune of the province of Viterbo ( Lazio , central Italy ) , in the lower valley of the Tiber .
Kafue National Park is the largest national park in Zambia , covering an area of about 22,400 km² ( similar in size to Wales or Massachusetts ) .
The old monastery of San Juan de Ortega is a Romanesque monument in Barrios de Colina , in the province of Burgos , Spain .
Baix Empordà ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈbaʒ əmpurˈða ) , `` Lower Empordà '' ) is a comarca ( county ) in Catalonia , Spain , one of the two into which Empordà was divided in the comarcal division of 1936 , the other one being Alt Empordà .
Ördəkli ( also , Ordekli ) is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Vohitany is a town and commune ( Malagasy : kaominina ) in southwestern Madagascar .
The Finlayson Islands are a string of Canadian arctic islands in Nunavut , Canada .
CKWT - FM is a radio station of Wawatay Radio Network in Sioux Lookout , Ontario , Canada .
The Chief of the Cabinet of Ministers ( Spanish : Jefe del Gabinete de Ministros de la Nación Argentina ) is a political office of Argentina , created by the 1994 amendment of the Argentine Constitution .
Qasr al - Sir ( Arabic : قصر السر‎ ; Hebrew : קסר א - סיר‎ , lit . Fortress of Mystery ) is a Bedouin village in the Negev desert in southern Israel .
Sister Benten Online is a record label based in Japan .
Varnsdorf ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈvarnzdorf ) ; German : Warnsdorf , Upper Sorbian : Warnoćicy ) is a town in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic , with a population of around 16,000 .
Atwood Airport , ( TC LID : CNN4 ) , was located 1.3 NM ( 2.4 km ; 1.5 mi ) northeast of Atwood , Ontario , Canada .
Uvwie is a Local Government Area ( LGA ) in Delta State , Nigeria .
The Tykocin Synagogue is an historic synagogue building in Tykocin , Poland .
The Moto - Ski company of LaPocatière , Québec , Canada was purchased in 1971 by Bombardier .
The Delhi Eye is a transportable Ferris wheel installation at Kalindi Kunj Park in the Okhla neighbourhood of Delhi , India .
Glemmen is a parish and former municipality with the city of Fredrikstad , Østfold county , Norway .
Talbiseh ( Arabic : تلبيسة‎ , also spelled Talbisa , Tell Bisa , Talbeesa ) is a large town in northwestern Syria administratively part of the Homs Governorate , about 10 kilometers north of Homs .
Osaka Gakuin University ( 大阪学院大学 , Ōsaka Gakuin Daigaku ) , also known as Osaka Graduate University ( OGU ) , is a mid - sized , mid - level private liberal arts university located in Suita , Osaka Prefecture , Japan .
Loiano is a town and comune of province of Bologna in the Emilia - Romagna region of Italy in the Tusco - Emilian Apennines at 714 metres ( 2,343 ft ) above sea level .
Basean ( Armenian : Բասեն ) was a region of the old Armenia c. 300 - -800 .
Tiroler Tageszeitung ( also known as TT ) is a German provincial daily newspaper published in Innsbruck , Austria .
Cư Pui is a commune ( xã ) in Krông Bông District , Đắk Lắk Province , Vietnam .
Since 2006 Fieberbrunn is venue of a new event called ' SNOWFEVER ' , which is one of the biggest Big Mountain Events in Austria .
The Tattoo is presented annually by the Royal Nova Scotia International Tattoo Society supported by subsidies and in - kind support from the Government of Canada , the Province of Nova Scotia , the Canadian Forces , the Royal Canadian Mounted Police , the Halifax Regional Municipality and the Corporate Community .
Dairo Paulos ( alternatively Da'iro P'awlos or Dahro Caulos ) is a village on the outskirts of Asmara , Eritrea .
Neuengamme is a quarter of Hamburg , Germany , located in the Bergedorf borough , near the river Dove Elbe ( a tributary of the river Elbe ) .
The Walsh Street House , also known as the Boyd House II , is a family home in Walsh Street , South Yarra , Victoria , Melbourne , Australia , designed by Robin Boyd in 1958 , which the Boyds moved into a year later .
The Ministry of Culture and Islamic Guidance ( Persian : وزارت فرهنگ و ارشاد اسلامی‎‎ also known as Ershad ارشاد ) is the ministry of Culture of the Islamic Republic of Iran .
Deh - e Salahi ( Persian : ده صلاحي‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Şalāḩī ; also known as Deh - e Şalāḩ ) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District , in the Central District of Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kaneh ( Persian : كنه‎ , also Romanized as Koneh ) is a village in Qatruyeh Rural District , Qatruyeh District , Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Chésopelloz ( Arpitan : Tsèjopèlou ) is a municipality in the district of Sarine in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland .
Långa raden ( Swedish : `` The long row '' ) are two long buildings on the islet Skeppsholmen in central Stockholm , Sweden .
The Labor - Progressive Party ( French : Parti ouvrier - progressiste ) was the legal political organization of the Communist Party of Canada between 1943 and 1959 .
Bobonong is a town in the Central District of Botswana 80 km from Selibe Phikwe town .
Zawady Ełckie ( zaˈvadɨ ˈɛu̯t͡skʲɛ ) ( German : Sawadden ; 1938 - 1945 : Auglitten ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Juchy , within Ełk County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The East Frisian Peninsula ( German : Ost - Friesland ) refers to the North Sea coastal region of Germany between the bays of Dollart and Jade .
Burange ( Luxembourgish : Bireng , German : Büringen ) is a neighbourhood in the north of Dudelange , in southern Luxembourg .
Mount Mẫu Sơn is a mountain in Lộc Bình District , Lạng Sơn Province , in northeastern Vietnam .
The Piloersemaborg ( Dutch pronunciation : ( piˈlursəmaːˌbɔrɣ ) ; Borg of Piloersema ) is a 17th - century borg ( castle ) in the village of Den Ham in Groningen in the Netherlands .
Tomman Island is a small island in Vanuatu , just off the southwest coast of Malakula .
Ruins of Valdek Castle ( just Valdek in Czech ) can be found in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic , near the village of Komárov .
Igreja da Nossa Senhora de Neves ( The Church of Our Lady of Snows ) is a historic church in the village of Rachol , on the banks of the river Zuari , in Goa , India .
The Alter Südfriedhof ( Old South Cemetery ) also known as `` Alter Südlicher Friedhof '' is a cemetery in Munich , Germany .
Łomna Las ( ˈwɔmna ˈlas ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czosnów , within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Marvin Lee Stadium is a multi - purpose stadium in Macoya , Trinidad and Tobago which is housed together with the Dr. João Havelange Centre of Excellence .
Šintava ( Hungarian : Sempte ) is a village and municipality in Galanta District of the Trnava Region of south - west Slovakia .
Chaabet El Ham ( Arabic : شعبة اللحم ‎ ) is a municipality in northwestern Algeria .
Majdelyoun ( Arabic : مجدليون‎ ) is a town in Southern Lebanon located 45 km ( 28 mi ) from Beirut and 5 km ( 3.1 mi ) east of Sidon at an elevation of 210 m ( 690 ft ) above sea level .
McNeilly West Falls is a 6 metre high horsetail classic waterfall found on private property , ( without permission to access ) , in Stoney Creek , Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
Pennalurpet ( Tamil : Pennalurpettai ) is a village in India located between Andhra Pradesh and the Tamil Nadu border .
Pelorus Sound / Te Hoiere is the largest of the sounds which make up the Marlborough Sounds at the north of the South Island , New Zealand .
Ourém ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( owˈɾɐ̃j ) ) is a municipality in the district of Santarém in Portugal .
Giv'at Ko'ah ( Hebrew : גִּבְעַת כֹּ``חַ , lit . 28 Hill / Strength Hill ) is a moshav in central Israel .
The Finnish conquest of East Karelia ( 1941 ) refers to a military campaign carried out by Finland in 1941 .
Nockebybanan is a tram line between Nockeby and Alvik in the western suburbs of Stockholm , Sweden .
The Chacao Channel bridge , also known as Chiloé Bicentennial Bridge , is a planned bridge that is to link the island of Chiloé with mainland Chile crossing the Chacao Channel .
San Piero a Grado ( Italian : Basilica di San Pietro Apostolo ) is a church in Pisa , Tuscany , Italy , in the eponymous frazione 7 kilometres ( 4.3 mi ) west of the city center .
The Church of Lippe ( German : Lippische Landeskirche ) is a Reformed State Church ( Landeskirche , i.e. a regionally delineated Protestant church body / synod ) in Germany .
The fourth Baronet represented Exeter in the House of Commons from 1918 to 1931 , when he was created Baron Mamhead of Exeter in the County of Devon , in the Peerage of the United Kingdom .
Ain W Zain also known as Ain Wazein ( Arabic : عين و زين‎ ) is a Lebanese village in the Chouf District in the Mount Lebanon Governorate
Nnewi is the second largest city in Anambra State in southeastern Nigeria .
Ollolai is a comune at the center of Barbagia , in the province of Nuoro ( Sardinia , Italy ) .
Vallanes , village in the east of Iceland close to Egilsstaðir .
Creu de Santos or Xàquera is the highest mountain of the Serra de Cardó range , Catalonia , Spain .
Gelendzhik ( Russian : Геленджи́к ) is a resort town in Krasnodar Krai , Russia , located on the Gelendzhik Bay of the Black Sea , between Novorossiysk ( 31 kilometers ( 19 mi ) to the northwest ) and Tuapse ( 93 kilometers ( 58 mi ) to the southeast ) .
Frederiks Brygge ( literally : Frederik 's Quay `` ) is a waterfront area in the Southern Docklands of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Qaimpur is a city in Pakistan and comes under Tahseel Hasilpur in Punjab .
Hütteldorf is well known throughout Austria and beyond as the site of the Gerhard - Hanappi - Stadion , the stadium in which Rapid Vienna hosts its home games .
The Paso Internacional Los Libertadores , also called Cristo Redentor , is a mountain pass in the Andes between Argentina and Chile .
Locri Cathedral ( Italian : Cattedrale di Santa Maria del Mastro ; Duomo di Locri ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral dedicated to the Virgin Mary in the city of Locri , in Calabria , Italy .
Wasin is a settlement on Wasini Island in Kenya 's Kwale County .
Nu'ulopa is a small uninhabited island in the Apolima Strait between the islands of Upolu and Savai'i in Samoa .
Hacienda Buena Unión in the municipality of San Germán , Puerto Rico was built in 1870 .
The Braque d'Auvergne is a breed of dog originating in the mountain area of Cantal , in the historic Auvergne province in the mid - south of France .
Tangos South is one of the eighteen barangays ( or districts ) of Navotas City in the Philippines .
Verneřice ( German Wernstadt ) is a town in Děčín District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic .
Riang Kotang fumarole field is located near the eastern tip of Flores island , Indonesia .
Osiny Dolne ( ɔˈɕinɨ ˈdɔlnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Pančevo Airport ( Аеродром Панчево or Aerodrom Pančevo ) ( ICAO : LYPA ) is an airport near the city of Pančevo , Serbia near Belgrade .
Petrapole is the Indian side of Petrapole - Benapole border checkpoint between India and Benapole of Bangladesh near Bongaon in North 24 Parganas district of West Bengal .
Čornaja parish ( Latvian : Čornajas pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Rēzekne Municipality , Latvia .
Zahomce ( pronounced ( zaˈxoːmtsɛ ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills south of Vransko in central Slovenia .
The Sherrard Falls is a cascade waterfall on an unnamed stream that is located in the New England region of New South Wales , Australia .
Ngonini is a town in northern Swaziland .
The Balıklı Greek Hospital ( Turkish : Balıklı Rum Hastanesi ) is a health care institution at Balıklı neighborhood of Yedikule quarter in Zeytinburnu district of Istanbul , which was established in the 18th century and continues its service run by the Greek community of Turkey .
The Canadian Heraldic Authority ( CHA ; French : L'Autorité héraldique du Canada ) is part of the Canadian honours system under the Canadian monarch , whose authority is exercised by the Governor General of Canada .
The National Museum of Damascus ( Arabic : المتحف الوطني بدمشق‎ ) is a large museum in the heart of Damascus , Syria .
Ughli ( Persian : اوغلي‎ , also Romanized as Ūghlī ; also known as Eroqlī , Evlī , Oghlū , Ovli , and Ovly ) is a village in Aji Chay Rural District , in the Central District of Tabriz County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Karanikolica ( Macedonian and Serbian Cyrillic : Караниколица , Albanian : Kara Nikolla ) is a mountain peak in Kosovo and Macedonia .
The 1989 Winter Universiade , the XIV Winter Universiade , took place in Sofia , Bulgaria .
Parkstadion was a multi - purpose stadium in Gelsenkirchen , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany , that is no longer used to host any major events .
Torkofel ( 2,276 m ) is a mountain of the Gailtal Alps in Carinthia , Austria .
Al - Shaykh Saad ( Arabic : الشيخ سعد‎ ash - Shaykh Saʿad ; also Romanized Sheikh Saad ; also called Karnaim or Dair Ayyub which means `` The Monastery of Job '' ) is a town in southern Syria , administratively part of the Daraa Governorate , located northwest of Daraa on the Syrian - Jordanian borders .
Coings is a commune in the Indre department in central France .
Gumbok Rangan is a stand - alone lofty rocky precipice located in Kurgiakh Valley of Zanskar , India in Lakong region .
The Pakistani community of London ( also called London Pakistanis ) consist of Pakistani emigrants and their descendants who have settled in London , the capital city of England and the United Kingdom .
The Netherlands Army Task Force Uruzgan ( TFU ) was part of NATO 's Regional Command South , International Security Assistance Force , in Afghanistan .
Quxur ( also , Quxuroba and Kukhur ) is a village in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Midhordland or Midthordland is a traditional district in the Vestlandet region of Norway .
Sworowo ( sfɔˈrɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pakosław , within Rawicz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Georgiyevsk ( Russian : Гео́ргиевск ) is a historical town in Stavropol Krai , Russia , located in the North Caucasus on submontane tableland on the right bank of the Podkumok River ( a tributary of the Kuma River ) , 210 kilometers ( 130 mi ) southeast of Stavropol .
Tai Seng MRT Station ( CC11 ) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Circle Line in Singapore and is located under the junction of Upper Paya Lebar Road and Tai Seng Link .
Sonaimuri Model High School is a high school located in the Sonaimuri town of Sonaimuri Upazila , Noakhali , Bangladesh .
Borinka is a village and municipality in western Slovakia in Malacky District in the Bratislava Region , at the foothills of the Little Carpathians , best known for the Pajštún Castle , but it is also area with a lots of week - end houses ( Slovak : chata ) .
Kingstown is the capital , chief port , and main commercial centre of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines .
El Padul is a municipality of south - eastern Spain , in the province of Granada , within the comarca of el Valle de Lecrín .
Neulles is a commune of the Charente - Maritime department in southwestern France .
Stærekassen ( lit . `` The Nesting Box '' ) , also known as Ny Scene ( English : New Stage ) is a theatre building annexed to the Royal Danish Theatre on Kongens Nytorv in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Chapel Carn Brea is an elevated Hercynian granite outcrop , owned by the National Trust at the southern edge of the civil parish of St Just , Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Sept Days is a weekly Chinese language Chinese newspaper in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Omaja is a small town and consejo popular of the municipality of Majibacoa , Cuba .
Yekkeh Chenar ( Persian : يكه چنار‎ , also Romanized as Yekkeh Chenār ) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District , in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Karasjok Church ( Norwegian : Karasjok kirke ) is a parish church in Karasjok Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
The town of Schüttorf lies in southwesternmost Lower Saxony and in the westernmost part of the Federal Republic of Germany .
The Kouhrang 2 Hydroelectric Power Station is located just south of Chelgard and about 69 km ( 43 mi ) northwest of Shahrekord in Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Kharman Jasukhteh ( Persian : خرمن جاسوخته‎ , also Romanized as Kharman Jāsūkhteh ) is a village in Qilab Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Teaca ( German : Tekendorf ; Hungarian : Teke ) is a commune in Bistrița - Năsăud County , Romania .
The nearest railway station to Tharial is Madhopur and main station is Pathankot railway station at a distance of 8.5 km . Tharial Chowk is a name of a chowk near Madhopur in Pathankot , Punjab , India .
Sela pri Hinjah ( pronounced ( ˈseːla pɾi ˈxiːnjax ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Žužemberk in southeastern Slovenia .
Gardermoen Air Station ( IATA : OSL , ICAO : ENGM ) ( Norwegian : Gardermoen flystasjon ) is located about 50 km north of Oslo , Norway .
Byrakan ( Russian : Быракан ; Yakut : Быракаан ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Byrakansky Rural Okrug of Verkhnevilyuysky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 90 kilometers ( 56 mi ) from Verkhnevilyuysk , the administrative center of the district .
Oersberg ( Danish : Ørsbjerg ) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig - Flensburg , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Penkun ( German pronunciation : ( pɛŋˈkuːn ) ) is a town in the Vorpommern - Greifswald district , in Mecklenburg - Western Pomerania , Germany .
Krubki - Górki ( ˈkrupki ˈɡurki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne , within Wołomin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Karaköl ( Kyrgyz : Каракөл ; Russian : Кара-Куль ; alternatively transcribed as Kara - Kulʼ , Kara - Kelʼ , or Kara - Köl ) is a city in Jalal - Abad Region of Kyrgyzstan .
Scornicești Solar Park , a large thin - film photovoltaic ( PV ) power system , is built on a 5 ha plot of land near the Scornicești commune in Romania .
Fraureuth , located in the district of Zwickau , is a small town in Saxony , Germany .
Shannon National Park is a national park on the south coast of Western Australia , 302 km ( 188 mi ) south of Perth and 55 km ( 34 mi ) southeast of Manjimup .
After the fall of the Western Roman Empire in 476 AD , Rome was first under the control of Odoacer and then became part of the Ostrogothic Kingdom before returning to East Roman control after the Gothic War , which devastated the city .
UMF Sindri Höfn , commonly known as Sindri , is an Icelandic football and basketball club from the town of Höfn located on the east coast of Iceland .
Woensdrecht Air Base ( Dutch : Vliegbasis Woensdrecht ) ( IATA : WOE , ICAO : EHWO ) is a military airport between the villages of Woensdrecht and Huijbergen , about 10 km ( 6 miles ) south of the city of Bergen op Zoom in the Netherlands .
Rideau Street ( French : Rue Rideau ) is a major street in downtown Ottawa , Ontario , Canada and one of Ottawa 's oldest and most famous streets running from Wellington Street in the west to Montreal Road in the east where it connects to the Vanier district .
The Nakunta River is a river in the Gracias a Dios Department of Honduras that exits into the Caratasca Lagoon a few miles south of Puerto Lempira .
Ab Gonjeshki ( Persian : اب گنجشكي‎ , also Romanized as Āb Gonjeshkī ; also known as Āb Gonjeshgān and Āb Gonjeshkān ) is a village in Donbaleh Rud - e Shomali Rural District , Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Chita Peninsula ( 知多半島 Chita Hantō ) is a peninsula to the south of Aichi Prefecture , central Honshū , Japan .
Junction Gate is a village in the province of Manicaland , Zimbabwe located 6 km west from the Mozambique border and about 20 km east of Chipinge .
Sarv - e Sofla ( Persian : سروسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Sarv - e Soflá ; also known as Sarv , Sarv - e Pā’īn , Sarv Pā’īn , and Sarv Sufla ) is a village in Aqda Rural District , Aqda District , Ardakan County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Kachkanar ( Russian : Качкана́р ) is a town in Sverdlovsk Oblast , Russia , located between the Isa and Vyya Rivers in the Tura River 's basin , 205 kilometers ( 127 mi ) north of Yekaterinburg , the administrative center of the oblast .
The Hannibal Islands are a group of small islands in the Shelburne Bay in the far north of Queensland , Australia about 100 km north of Cape Grenville , Cape York Peninsula in the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park .
Beljajka ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бељајка ) is a village situated in Despotovac municipality in Serbia .
Monteverde , Costa Rica is a small community in Puntarenas , Costa Rica , located in the Cordillera de Tilarán .
Vicente Pérez Rosales National Park ( Spanish pronunciation : ( biˈsente ˈpeɾes roˈsales ) ) is located in Los Lagos Region , Llanquihue Province , of Chile .
Riberalta Airport ( IATA : RIB , ICAO : SLRI ) is an airport in Riberalta , Bolivia .
Maqov ( also , Makov ) is a village and municipality in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Hillcrest International School ( HIS ) is a Christian K-12 educational institution that serves the international community in and around Papua , Indonesia .
The Peak Hill Express was a weekly English language newspaper published in Peak Hill , New South Wales , Australia .
Dalešice Hydro Power Plant on the Jihlava River is a large power plant in the Czech Republic that has four Francis turbines with a nominal capacity of 120 megawatts ( 160,000 hp ) each and a total capacity of 450 megawatts ( 600,000 hp ) .
Holte station is the railway station in Holte near Copenhagen , Denmark .
Whangarei Airport ( IATA : WRE , ICAO : NZWR ) is a small airport 4 nautical miles ( 7.4 km ; 4.6 mi ) to the south east of Whangarei city , in the suburb of Onerahi , on the east coast of Northland on the North Island , New Zealand .
Podzemelj ( pronounced ( pɔdˈzeːməl ) ; German : Podsemel ) is a village on the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia , next to the border with Croatia .
The Tiúba River is a river on the border between Goiás and Tocantins states in central Brazil .
Drzewice ( German : Alt - Drewitz ) is the north - western borough of the town of Kostrzyn nad Odrą in western Poland .
Copenhagen Christian Center is a multicultural Church / Congregation in Copenhagen , Denmark expressed in many Communities and Groups .
The Akola - Kacheguda Intercity Express is an Express train of South Central Railway Zone , which runs between the cities of Akola , the major Industrial & agricultural city of Maharashtra and Hyderabad , the capital city of Telangana , India .
Belšak ( pronounced ( ˈbeːlʃak ) or ( ˈbeːu̯ʃak ) ) is a small dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Prevalje in the Carinthia region in northern Slovenia , right on the border with Austria .
Government House , Canberra , commonly known as Yarralumla , is the official residence of the Governor - General of Australia .
The City of Coffs Harbour ( Also known as Coffs Harbour City Council ) is a local government area in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales , Australia .
There is a town named Jorai in Madhya Pradesh , India ( latitude : 25.42779 and longitude : 77.74414 ) .
International University for Science and Technology ( IUST ) ( IUST ; Arabic : الجامعة الدولية الخاصة للعلوم والتكنولوجيا‎ ) is a private , accredited university located in Oum El Qusur , thirty five kilometers away from the center of Damascus , Syria .
Santa Maria della Mercede e Sant'Alfonso Maria de ' Liguori ( once church of Santa Maria della Redemption of Captives ) is a church located in via San Sebastiano , near the Conservatory of San Pietro a Majella in the historic center of Naples , Italy .
Sardar Bahadur Khan Women 's University is a women 's university located in Quetta , Balochistan , Pakistan .
Aniva ( Russian : Ани́ва ) is a coastal town and the administrative center of Anivsky District of Sakhalin Oblast , Russia , located on the coast of Aniva Bay in southern Sakhalin Island on the Lyutoga River , 37 kilometers ( 23 mi ) south of Yuzhno - Sakhalinsk .
Manav Rachna International University is a co - educational private university from the state of Haryana , India .
Bihariganj a town in Bihar , India .
Raohe County ( simplified Chinese : 饶河县 ; traditional Chinese : 饒河縣 ; pinyin : Ráohé Xiàn ) is a county of far eastern Heilongjiang province , People 's Republic of China .
Iskań ( ˈiskaɲ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubiecko , within Przemyśl County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
The University of Donja Gorica ( Montenegrin : Univerzitet Donja Gorica Универзитет Доња Горица ) , also known as simply UDG is a private university located in Donja Gorica , a suburb of Podgorica , Montenegro .
Želče ( pronounced ( ˈʒeːltʃɛ ) ) is a small village in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia .
Ilovaisk ( Ukrainian : Іловайськ ) is a city in Khartsyzk municipality , Donetsk Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine .
Shahritus ( Tajik : Шаҳритус شهر توس , Uzbek : Shaartuz ) also spelled as Shaartuz ( Russian : Шаартуз ) is a city in southwestern Tajikistan .
Czerce ( ˈt͡ʂɛrt͡sɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Черче , Cherche ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieniawa , within Przeworsk County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Renouveau français is coordinated by a directorial committee and has regional branches in Île - de - France , Brittany , Anjou , Normandy , Vendée , Toulouse and Alsace .
The Mersin Volleyball Hall ( Turkish : Mersin Voleybol Salonu ) is an indoor sports hall for volleyball events at Yenişehir district of Mersin , Turkey .
Qeshlaq - e Aqa Esmail ( Persian : قشلاق اقااسماعيل‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Āqā Esmāʿīl ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Garmsar County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Dobričevići ( Cyrillic : Добричевићи ) is a village in the municipality of Konjic , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Río Turbio is a town and municipality in the Güer Aike Department of the Santa Cruz Province in southern Argentina .
Tromøy Bridge ( Tromøybrua ) is a suspension bridge that crosses Tromøysundet east of Arendal in Norway , connecting the island Tromøy with the mainland .
Fencing at the Friendship Games took place at the Budapest Sportcsarnok in Budapest , Hungary between 15 and 21 July 1984 .
Tehran University of Medical Sciences ( TUMS ) ( Persian : دانشگاه علوم پزشکی تهران‎‎ ) is the largest , `` most distinguished '' , and most highly ranked medical school of Iran .
Collège du Léman ( CdL ) is a private , for - profit international school in Versoix , Canton of Geneva , Switzerland .
Three Anchor Bay is a suburb of Cape Town in the Western Cape province of South Africa .
Övertorneå or Ylitornio is a locality and the seat of Övertorneå Municipality in Norrbotten County , Sweden with 1,917 inhabitants in 2010 .
KaXu Solar One ( KXSO ) is a concentrated solar thermal plant , located in the Northern Cape Region of South Africa , located NE from the town of Pofadder , Khai Ma municipality .
Al - Uthmaniyah Madrasa ( Arabic : المدرسة العثمانية‎ ) is a madrasah complex in Aleppo , Syria .
Kloštar Podravski is a settlement and a municipality in the Koprivnica - Križevci County in Croatia .
The Church of Santa María a Real do Sar ( Galician : Igrexa de Santa María a Real do Sar ) is a church located in Santiago de Compostela , Spain .
Bruck an der Großglocknerstraße is a municipality in Zell am See District ( Pinzgau ) , in the state of Salzburg in Austria .
Sievierodonetsk Power Station ( also known as Sievierodonetsk TEC , Ukrainian : Сєвєродонецька ТЕЦ ) is a thermal power station at Sievierodonetsk in Luhansk Oblast , Ukraine .
Saukin Wind ( Arabic : سوکن ونڈ‎ ) , also written Saukanwind , Saukinwind and Sokanwind , is medium sized town in Pasrur Tehsil , Sialkot District , Punjab , Pakistan located on road Pasrur - Qila Kalar Wala .
Nuyts Archipelago Wilderness Protection Area is a protected area located in the Nuyts Archipelago off the west coast of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia within 10 kilometres ( 6.2 mi ) to 75 kilometres ( 47 mi ) south - west of Ceduna .
Aralam Reserved Forest , also known as Aaralam Forest , is a protected area in the Western Ghats , northern Kerala , India .
The François Tomb is an important painted Etruscan tomb from the Ponte Rotto Necropolis in the Etruscan city of Vulci , in central Italy .
Dehloran County ( Persian : شهرستان دهلران‎ ) is a county in Ilam Province in Iran .
Dover Corporation Tramways was the operator of the second tramway system built in the United Kingdom .
The Canadian Federation of Students ( CFS ) is the largest student organization in Canada .
Betioky is a town in Atsimo - Andrefana Region , Madagascar and is crossed by the Route nationale 10 .
Springfields Fun Park is a small theme park in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
FK Renova ( Macedonian : ФК Ренова ) is a football club based in Džepčište , Republic of Macedonia playing in the Macedonian First League .
Falkenberg is a locality and the seat of Falkenberg Municipality , Halland County , Sweden , with 20,035 inhabitants in 2010 ( out of a municipal total of 41,000 ) .
Lubombo Conservancy comprises 5 reserves in Swaziland :
Darżynko ( darˈʐɨnkɔ ) ( German Neu Darsin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potęgowo , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Eden District Municipality is a district municipality located in the Western Cape Province of South Africa .
Lake Mai - Ndombe ( French : Lac Mai - Ndombe ) is a large freshwater lake in the Mai - Ndombe District of the Bandundu Province in western Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Verkhnekolymsk ( Russian : Верхнеколымск ; Sakha : Үөһээ Халыма ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Verkhnekolymsky Rural Okrug of Verkhnekolymsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 5 kilometers ( 3.1 mi ) from Zyryanka , the administrative center of the district .
Carrigrohane ( also Currikippane or Kilgrohanmore , meaning `` Marsh of the Little Sticks '' ) is a village and civil parish situated on the south bank of the River Lee to the west of the city of Cork in Ireland .
The University of Life Sciences in Lublin ( Polish : Uniwersytet Przyrodniczy w Lublinie ) is an agricultural university in Poland .
The House of Norodom is the ruling royal house of Cambodia .
Takht - e Soleyman District ( Persian : بخش تخت سلیمان‎ , meaning the `` Throne of Solomon '' ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Takab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Moskog is a small forested area in the municipality of Førde in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Šēnheida Manor , also called Šengeida Manor , ( German : Schönheyden ) is a manor house in Šengeida ( Šēnheida ) , Daugavpils municipality , Latvia , in the historical region of Selonia .
Ion Creangă Pedagogical State University ( Romanian : Universitatea Pedagogică de Stat `` I. Creangă '' ) is a higher educational institution in Chişinău , Moldova .
Mu Ko Kam ( Thai : หมู่เกาะกำ ) is a group of Islands in Ranong Province , Thailand .
Srbinovo ( Macedonian : Србиново ; Albanian : Sërmnovë ) is a village in the Gostivar Municipality of Macedonia .
Douglas Islet is a small island north of Shelburne Bay in far north Queensland , Australia about 130 km north of Cape Grenville , Cape York Peninsula in the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Queensland , Australia .
The Chaturdasha Temple is a Hindu temple ( mandir ) situated near Old Agartala , India , and features the Bengal dome patterned after the roofs of village huts in Bengal .
Falelima is a village on the southwest corner of Savai'i island in Samoa .
Altai Nature Reserve ( Russian : Алтайский заповедник , also called Altaisky ) is a Russian ' zapovednik ' ( strict nature reserve ) in the Altai Mountains of south Siberia , Russia .
Hohe Straße is a shopping street in the old town of Cologne , Germany , and one of the city 's both oldest and busiest streets .
Sumarreheide ( Dutch : Suameerderheide ) is a hamlet in Tytsjerksteradiel in the province of Friesland , the Netherlands .
Bundesstraße 244 ( abbreviation : B 244 ) is a federal road in Germany that branches off the B 4 west of Dedelstorf towards the east and runs through Wittingen , Brome , Rühen , Velpke , Helmstedt , Schöningen , Dardesheim , Wernigerode to Elbingerode , where it ends at the B 27 .
The Moskstraumen or Moskenstraumen is a system of tidal eddies and whirlpools , one of the strongest in the world , that forms at the Lofoten archipelago , Norway , in the Norwegian Sea .
Vigie is part of Castries , Saint Lucia .
Radków - Kolonia ( ˈratkuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Telatyn , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Consumers ' List ( Italian : Lista Consumatori ) is a political party in Italy .
Dorrien Gardens ( also known by its sponsored name , BGC Stadium ) is an association football ground in West Perth , Western Australia .
Uriangato is one of 46 cities in Guanajuato , located in the borderline between the states of Guanajuato and Michoacán in the region West - Center of Mexico .
Etxebarri , Doneztebeko Elizatea ( Spanish : Etxebarri , Anteiglesia de San Esteban ) is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay , in the Autonomous Basque Community , in the North of Spain .
Angoche District is a district of Nampula Province in north - eastern Mozambique .
Indus Age is a monthly print magazine that provides news , information and entertainment to Indians and South Asians living in Australia .
Alemaya ( also transliterated Alem Maya ; Oromo : Haramaya ) is a town in east - central Ethiopia .
The Linnaean Garden or Linnaeus ' Garden ( Swedish : Linnéträdgården ) is the oldest of the botanical gardens belonging to Uppsala University in Sweden .
Mentone Girls ' Grammar School is an independent , Anglican day school for girls , located in Mentone , a bayside suburb of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Varzob is a settlement in Varzob district , Region of Republican Subordination , Tajikistan , in central Asia .
Tarnowskie Góry ( tarˈnɔfskɨɛ ˈɡɔɔrˈi ) ( German : Tarnowitz , established in 1526 ) - is an old , picturesque town in Silesia ( southern Poland ) , located in the Silesian Highlands near Katowice .
Sunnyvale Park is a multi - use sports venue in Dunedin , New Zealand .
Dubovsko ( Cyrillic : Дубовско ) is a village in the municipality of Bihać , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Shokri Kola ( Persian : شكري كلا‎ , also Romanized as Shokrī Kolā ) is a village in Kheyrud Kenar Rural District , in the Central District of Nowshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Congress of Zacatecas is the legislature of Zacatecas , a state of Mexico .
Upper Bicutan National High School , commonly abbreviated as U.B.N.H.S is a secondary high school institution located at General Santos Avenue , Barangay Upper Bicutan , Taguig City in the Philippines .
Szotowo ( ʂɔˈtɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kartuzy , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The first Seventh - day Adventist Church in Italy was built in Montaldo Bormida in 1925 .
Velká Deštná ( German : Deschneyer Großkoppe ) is the highest mountain of the Central Sudetes and the Orlické Mountains , Czech Republic with 1,115 m.
Sirkazhi ( ( ˈsiːrkaːɻiː ) ) is a municipal town in Nagapattinam district in Tamil Nadu , India .
Cas Ariba is a village on the island of Aruba .
Białoławka is a river of Poland with a length of about 2 kilometers .
Marthadu is a village in India ( in Garladinne mandal , Anantapur District ) located 21 kilometres from Anantapur town .
Kabulistan ( Pashto / Persian : کابلستان‎‎ ) is a historical regional name referring to the territory that is centered on present - day Kabul Province of Afghanistan .
The Biu Emirate is a traditional state based in Biu in Borno State , Nigeria .
Villa Rivero Municipality or Muela Municipality is the second municipal section of the Punata Province in the Cochabamba Department in Bolivia .
Padua ( /ˈpædju.ə/ or US /ˈpædʒu.ə/ , Italian : Padova ( ˈpaːdova ) ) is a city and comune in Veneto , northern Italy .
Geologically , the Baffin Mountains form the eastern edge of the Canadian Shield , which covers much of Canada 's landscape .
Veresvatnet or Veressjøen is a lake in the municipality of Verdal in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Gambat railway station ( Urdu : گمبٹ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Gambat town , Khairpur District of Sindh province of the Pakistan .
Das Buddhistische Haus ( engl . : the Berlin Buddhist Vihara , literally the Buddhist house ) is a Theravada Buddhist temple complex ( Vihara ) in Frohnau , Berlin , Germany .
Rungata , or Rungataa , is a settlement on Nikunau Island in Kiribati .
Chûn Castle is a large Iron Age hillfort ( ringfort ) near Penzance in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Gaul ( Latin : Gallia ) was a region of Western Europe during the Iron Age that was inhabited by Celtic tribes , encompassing present day France , Luxembourg , Belgium , most of Switzerland , parts of Northern Italy , as well as the parts of the Netherlands and Germany on the west bank of the Rhine .
As a result , tourist promotional material claims the Heidelsburg to be the `` oldest forestry office in Germany '' .
Kosan Station ( Chosŏn'gŭl : 고산역 ) is a railway station in Kosan - ŭp , Kosan county , Kangwŏn province , North Korea , on the Kangwŏn Line of the Korean State Railway .
Amojjar Pass is a canyon located in the region of Amojjar in the centre of Adrar , near Atar , Mauritania .
The San Giacomo Pass ( Italian : Passo San Giacomo ) is an Alpine pass connecting Switzerland and Italy .
Bargteheide is a town in the district of Stormarn , Schleswig - Holstein state , Germany .
Elite Residence is a supertall skyscraper in Dubai , United Arab Emirates in the Dubai Marina district , overlooking one of the manmade palm islands , Palm Jumeirah .
The Priory of Santa Maria del Vilar at Villelongue - dels - Monts in the department of the Pyrénées - Orientales , France , houses the Romanian Orthodox Monastery of the Dormition of the Mother of God .
Zgornja Ložnica ( pronounced ( ˈzɡoːɾnja lɔˈʒniːtsa ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia .
Lauterecken - Wolfstein is a Verbandsgemeinde ( `` collective municipality '' ) in the district of Kusel , Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
The Boguchany Dam ( Russian : Богучанская ГЭС ) is a large hydroelectric dam on the Angara River in Kodinsk , Krasnoyarsk Krai , Russia .
Sangat Island is a tiny island in the Philippines situated 2 km off the coast of Busuanga close to Barangay Bintuan , Coron in the northern part of the Calamian Islands in the province of Palawan , the Philippines Western - most islands .
The Regensburg Museum of Danube Shipping ( Donau - Schiffahrts - Museum Regensburg ) is a maritime museum of river shipping on the river Danube and other rivers , sited in the town of Regensburg in Germany .
Sivananda Colony is a neighborhood and suburb in Coimbatore , India .
Lubaantun ( pronounced /lubaːnˈtun/ ; also Lubaantún in Spanish orthography ) is a pre - Columbian ruined city of the Maya civilization in southern Belize , Central America .
Andritsaina ( Greek : Ανδρίτσαινα ) is a town and a former municipality in Elis , West Greece , Greece .
Jazne ( pronounced ( ˈjaːznɛ ) ) is a settlement in the hills above the Idrijca Valley in the Municipality of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia .
Legnica Airport in Poland serves the town of Legnica ( 106,000 inhabitants , 500,000 nearby Okręg Miedziowy/ Copper Basin conurbation of Legnica , Głogów , Lubin and Polkowice ) .
The Sibun River is a river in Belize which drains a large central portion of the country .
Usqullu Ananta ( Quechua usqullu Andean mountain cat , also spelled Osjollo Anante ) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru near a lake of the same name .
The Anillo Periférico ( Spanish for peripheral ring ) is the name given to the outer beltway of Mexico City .
The Oratorio della Nunziatella is a 15th - century Renaissance oratory in Foligno , Italy .
Juan Griego is a city on the northern side of Isla Margarita , and is the most northern port in Venezuela .
With the reform of the league system in 2012 , which saw the Regionalliga West reduced to clubs from North Rhine - Westphalia only and the NRW - Liga below it disbanded , the Oberliga Westfalen was reintroduced again as the highest tier in the region and the fifth level overall in Germany .
Sarchehan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان سرچهان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Sarchehan District , Bavanat County , Fars Province , Iran .
Khaseh Sara ( Persian : خاصه سرا‎ , also Romanized as Khāşeh Sarā ) is a village in Saheli - ye Jokandan Rural District , in the Central District of Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Nautøy or Nautøya is an unpopulated island in Stord municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Tamasio ( Greek : Ταμάσιο ) is a former municipality in the Karditsa regional unit , Thessaly , Greece .
Transtrand is a locality situated in Malung - Sälen Municipality , Dalarna County , Sweden with 386 inhabitants in 2010 .
Champan ( Persian : چمپان‎ , also Romanized as Champān ; also known as Cham Bān ) is a village in Safa Khaneh Rural District , in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kohneh Lu ( Persian : كهنه لو‎ , also Romanized as Kohneh Lū and Kohnehlū ; also known as Chakhnali ) is a village in Sina Rural District , in the Central District of Varzaqan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Valentovce is a small village and municipality in the Medzilaborce District in the Prešov Region of far north - eastern Slovakia .
Etihad Airways ( Arabic شركة الاتحاد للطيران sharikat alittiḥād liṭṭayarān ) is a flag carrier and the second - largest airline of the United Arab Emirates ( after Emirates ) .
Yampi Sound is a part of the Indian Ocean off the coast of northwestern Australia , located between King Sound and Collier Bay .
Chaghcharan Airport ( IATA : CCN , ICAO : OACC ) is an airport serving the city of Chaghcharan in Ghor Province , Afghanistan .
Changi Creek Reservoir is a small service reservoir located to the north of Singapore Changi Airport in Singapore .
St. Moritz Olympic Ice Rink ( German : Eisstadion Badrutts Park ) is an outdoor stadium in St. Moritz , Switzerland .
Grefsen Church is a long church ( Norwegian : langkirke ) located in Grefsen , a neighborhood of Oslo , Norway .
The 2012 KNSB Dutch Super Sprint Championships in speed skating were held at the Ireen Wüst baan ice stadium in Tilburg , Netherlands at 18 February 2012 .
Oberalberting ( also known as Alberting ) is a populated place in Upper Austria , Austria .
Allmänna BB ( Allmänna barnbördshuset , `` General maternity hospital '' , literally The general childbirth house ) was a maternity hospital in Stockholm , Sweden .
Åvik is a small seaport village in the municipality of Lindesnes , Norway .
The Mackenzie Institute for the Study of Terrorism , Revolution and Propaganda is a think tank in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
The Shipper 's House in Bremen , Germany is an internationally known building in the oldest district of the Free Hanseatic city of Bremen .
Sidi Bennour ( Arabic : سيّدي بنور ) is a city in Sidi Bennour Province , Casablanca - Settat , Morocco .
Gardelegen Stadt was a Verwaltungsgemeinschaft ( `` municipal federation '' ) in the Altmarkkreis Salzwedel ( district ) , in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
Lasteika ( Greek : Λαστέικα , also : Λασταίικα Lastaiika ) is a village and a community in the municipality of Pyrgos , Elis , Greece .
Stockton - on - Tees has an oceanic climate typical for the United Kingdom .
Sibculo Abbey ( Dutch : Klooster Sibculo ) , also called Groot Galilea ( Galilea Major ) , was a Cistercian abbey founded in 1403 by followers of the Modern Devotion movement and dissolved in 1579 during the Protestant Reformation of the Netherlands .
Rugāji parish ( Latvian : Rugāju pagasts ; Latgalian : Ruguoju pogosts ) is an administrative unit of the Balvi District , Latvia .
Chalkmuli High School is a public educational institution based in Naogaon District , Bangladesh .
Borzęcice ( bɔʐɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźmin Wielkopolski , within Krotoszyn County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Murawskie - Czachy ( muˈrafskʲɛ ˈt͡ʂaxɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty - Pianki , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Wagan City ( Sindhi : وڳڻ شھر‎ ) is a beautiful city of Larkana District in Sindh and home town of Nadeem Imdad Ali Wagan renowned Civil Society Activist of Pakistan .
Atløy or Atløyna is an island in Askvoll Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
The Tal - Mintna Catacombs are a hypogea complex in Mqabba , Malta .
Oxud ( also , Oxut and Okhut ) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Lauenau is a small town in Lower Saxony , Germany , with about 4,200 inhabitants .
Glåmos Church ( Norwegian : Glåmos kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Røros in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Camacuri is a village on the island of Aruba , located towards along the western coast of the island .
The Tengawai River ( more correctly Te Ngawai ) flows through south Canterbury , in New Zealand 's South Island .
Sněžka or Śnieżka ( in Czech and Polish , Schneekoppe in German ) is a mountain on the border between the Czech Republic and Poland , the most prominent point of the Silesian Ridge in the Krkonoše mountains .
Kepulauan Togean National Park is a largely marine national park , including the Togian Islands , near Sulawesi island of Indonesia .
Canadian Unitarian Council ( French : Conseil unitarian du Canada ) ( CUC ) formed on May 14 , 1961 to be the national organization for Canadians who belong to the Unitarian Universalist Association ( UUA ) ( the UUA formed a day later , on May 15 , 1961 ) .
Jinnaychintha ( hamlet of Thanedarpally ) is a village in Gurrampode mandal in Nalgonda district , in the state of Andhra Pradesh , India .
General Inspector of the Armed Forces ( Polish : Generalny Inspektor Sił Zbrojnych ; GISZ ) was an office created in Poland in 1926 , after the May Coup .
The Sarazm Important Bird Area is a 43 km2 tract of land in south - western Sughd Province , in northwestern Tajikistan , not far from the border with Uzbekistan .
The Filefjell Kongevegen ( English : The Kings Road ) is the name of the old trail over Filefjell , the mountainous area between Lærdal / Borgund and Valdres in Norway .
Sujiatun District ( simplified Chinese : 苏家屯区 ; traditional Chinese : 蘇家屯區 ; pinyin : Sūjiātún qū ) is one of nine districts of Shenyang , the capital of Liaoning province , People 's Republic of China , and forms part of the southern suburbs .
The Institut de Recherche en Communications et Cybernétique de Nantes ( IRCCyN , English : Research Institute in Communications and Cybernetic of Nantes ) is a scientific institution linked to the CNRS in France .
Panpoli is a village situated near Sengottai in Tirunelveli district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Schloss Deutenhofen is a large house in Deutenhofen , a village in the municipality of Hebertshausen in Bavaria , Germany .
Wola Wodzyńska ( ˈvɔla vɔˈd͡zɨɲska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ojrzeń , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Urvaste ( Võro : Urvastõ ) is a village in Urvaste Parish , Võru County , in southeastern Estonia .
The 2011 Belgian Grand Prix , formally the 2011 Formula 1 Shell Belgian Grand Prix , was a Formula One motor race that was held on 28 August 2011 , at Circuit de Spa - Francorchamps in Spa , Belgium .
Kumarimulla is a village close to Pugoda town western Sri Lanka .
Piéla is a town in the Piéla Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso .
Heglig or Panthou as it is known to the Dinka ( also spelled Heglieg or Pandthou ) is a small town at the border between the South Kordofan state of Sudan and the Unity State in South Sudan .
Chernokonevo ( in Bulgarian `` Черноконево '' ) is a neighbourhood of Dimitrovgrad , Bulgaria .
Romanzado is a municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre , northern Spain .
Chrudim ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈxruɟɪm ) ) is a city in eastern Bohemia , in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic .
Dobrzany ( dɔˈbʐanɨ ) ( German : Jacobshagen ; Kashubian : Jakùbòwò ) is a town in Stargard County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , Poland .
The Canadian Society of New York was founded in 1897 to foster a spirit of goodwill between Canada and the United States , and had over a century - long tradition in New York .
Laguna de Leche ( Spanish for `` Milk Lagoon '' , also called Laguna Grande de Morón ) is the largest natural fresh water lake in Cuba .
Campolide was the site of a major battle on 5 September 1833 , when the forces of Dom Miguel attacked those of Dom Pedro , as Pedro attempted to wrest back control of Portugal from his brother .
Moutier - Grandval Abbey was a Benedictine abbey near the villages of Moutier and Grandval in the Jura bernois administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
Berufsoberschule is one of the hardest ways in whole Germany to get a permit to enter Fachhochschule or University
Uíge ( 1955 - 75 Carmona ) is a provincial capital city in northwestern Angola located in the province of the same name .
Khvodrowgan ( Persian : خودروگان‎ , also Romanized as Khvodrowgān and Khowd Rowgān ; also known as Khodrowgan and Khowd Row ) is a village in Rudkhaneh Rural District , Rudkhaneh District , Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Drašča Vas ( pronounced ( ˈdɾaːʃtʃa ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Drašča vas ) is a village in the Municipality of Žužemberk in southeastern Slovenia .
Siruseri is a south eastern suburb of Chennai , India in Kancheepuram district , Tamil Nadu , located around 25 km south of the city , along Old Mahabalipuram Road .
Ortnevik Church ( Norwegian : Ortnevik kyrkje ) is a parish church in Høyanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Valky ( Ukrainian : Валки ) is a city in Kharkiv Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine .
Payız ( also , Paiz , Pais , and Payyz ) is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan , Azerbaijan .
Pijava Gorica ( pronounced ( piˈjaːʋa ɡɔˈɾiːtsa ) ; German : Piautzbüchel ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Škofljica in central Slovenia .
Apamea Myrlea ( /ˌæpəˈmiːə mərˈliːə/ ; Ancient Greek : Απάμεια Μύρλεια ) was an ancient city on the Sea of Marmara , in Bithynia , Anatolia ; its ruins are a few kilometers south of Mudanya , Bursa Province in the Marmara Region of Turkey .
Malo Crniće ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мало Црниће ) is a village and municipality located in the Braničevo District of Serbia .
Vermilion Bay Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CKH6 ) , is located 1.5 nautical miles ( 2.8 km ; 1.7 mi ) northwest of Vermilion Bay , Ontario , Canada .
Ruská Voľa ( Hungarian : Kisszabados ; Ukrainian : Руська Воля , Rus’ka Volia ) is a village and municipality in Vranov nad Topľou District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia .
The Puna de Atacama or Atacama Plateau is an arid high plateau , in the Andes of northern Chile ( 15 % ) and Argentina ( 85 % ) .
Dziadkowskie ( d͡ʑatˈkɔfskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Huszlew , within Łosice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Taksim Military Barracks or Halil Pasha Artillery Barracks ( Turkish : Taksim Kışlası or Halil Paşa Topçu Kışlası ) were located at the site of the present - day Taksim Gezi Park next to Taksim Square in Istanbul , Turkey .
Masjid Al - Abrar ( Malay for Al - Abrar Mosque ; Chinese : 阿尔阿布拉回教堂 ) is one of the earliest mosques in Singapore , and is located along Telok Ayer Street in the Chinatown district within the Central Area , Singapore 's central business district .
Varvarin ( Serbian Cyrillic : Варварин , pronounced ( ʋarʋǎriːn ) ) is a small town and municipality in the Šumadija region of central Serbia .
Graves de Vayres is an Appellation d'Origine Contrôlée ( AOC ) for red and white wines in the Bordeaux wine region of France .
Salem Khan is a village located in the Chhachh Valley , Pakistan , close to the Indus river .
Temotuloto is an islet of Nukufetau , Tuvalu to the east of Fale islet .
Valchi Dol ( Bulgarian : Вълчи дол ( ˈvəltʃi ˈdɔl ) ; also transliterated Vǎlči Dol ) is a town in northeastern Bulgaria , part of Varna Province .
Holmenkollen National Arena ( Norwegian : Holmenkollen nasjonalanlegg ) is a Nordic skiing and biathlon venue located at Holmenkollen in Oslo , Norway .
Saudehornet is a mountain that is located 3 kilometres ( 1.9 mi ) north of the village of Ørsta in the municipality of Ørsta in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
The Lichi Formation ( Chinese : 利吉層 ; pinyin : Lìjí Céng ) is a palaeontological formation located in Taiwan .
Keelavalavu ( also known as Kilavalavu and Kizhavalavu ) is a village in Madurai district of Tamil Nadu , India .
Farfahan ( Persian : فرفهان‎‎ , also Romanized as Farfahān ) is a village in Hamzehlu Rural District , in the Central District of Khomeyn County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Oskarshamn Airport ( Swedish : Oskarshamns flygplats ) was an airport in Oskarshamn , Sweden ( IATA : OSK , ICAO : ESMO ) .
The Funtenseetauern is a 2,579 m high border peak between Germany and Austria on the northern edge of the Steinernes Meer , one of the nine massifs of the Berchtesgaden Alps .
Ovidio Lagos Avenue ( in Spanish , Avenida Ovidio Lagos ) is a street in Rosario , Santa Fe Province , Argentina .
Pessinus ( Greek : Πεσσινούς or Πισσινούς ) was a city in Asia Minor , a geographical area corresponding today to modern Turkey on the upper course of the river Sangarios ( Sakarya River ) , from which the mythological King Midas ( 738 - 696 BC ? ) is said to have ruled a greater Phrygian realm .
Berekum is a town and is the capital of Berekum Municipal in the Brong Ahafo Region of South Ghana .
Greek National Road 74 ( Greek : Εθνική Οδός 74 , abbreviated as EO74 ) is a single carriageway road in southern Greece .
Torpaqkörpü ( also , Torpaq körpü , Toprakh - Kerpi , Torpakerki , Torpakerpi , and Torpakhkërpyu ) is a village in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Höch Gumme ( 2,205 m ) is a mountain of the Emmental Alps in Switzerland .
The Danish Police Museum is dedicated to the history of law enforcement in Denmark .
Jannusan ( Arabic : جنوسان ) is a village in Bahrain , near Sar .
The Opéra de Dijon is an opera company and arts organization in Dijon , France .
The Port du Louvre is a walkway running along the River Seine ( on the `` right bank '' ) immediately to the south of the Louvre in Paris , France .
Heritage King , formerly the King Local Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee , is a conservation committee in King Township , Ontario , Canada .
The York Catholic District School Board ( YCDSB , known as English - language Separate District School Board No . 42 prior to 1999 ) is the English - language public - separate school district authority for the Regional Municipality of York in Ontario , Canada .
Golur - e Bala ( Persian : گلوربالا‎ , also Romanized as Golūr - e Bālā ; also known as Golūr ) is a village in Kelarabad Rural District , Kelarabad District , Abbasabad County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Convento de la Magdalena was a convent , now a hotel , situated to the southwest of the town of Antequera , Province of Málaga , Spain .
Chatswood Public School is a primary and public school that was founded in 1883 , located in the suburb of Chatswood in Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
The Holmby Runestone , listed as DR 328 in the Rundata catalog , is a Viking Age memorial runestone with an image of a ship that is located in Holmby , which is about 2 kilometers southeast of Flyinge , Scania , Sweden .
Caliraya Dam is an embankment dam located in the town of Lumban province of Laguna , in the Sierra Madre Mountain Range of the Philippines .
Hadsund Huse ( English Hadsund Houses ) an neighborhood of Hadsund , Denmark .
Bani Salimi is a tribal area in Ras al - Khaimah , which is one of the Persian Gulf Arab sheikhdoms forming the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) .
Ublik ( ˈublik ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orzysz , within Pisz County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Alaksen National Wildlife Area is located on Westham Island in the Corporation of Delta , in the province of British Columbia , Canada .
Hafnarfjordur Free Church ( Icelandic : Fríkirkjan í Hafnarfirði ) is a church in the Free Lutheran congregation of Iceland , located in Hafnarfjordur .
Preljubje ( Macedonian : Прељубје ) is a village northeast of Lake Prespa in the Resen Municipality of the Republic of Macedonia .
Qeshlaq - e Azat ( Persian : قشلاق عزت‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e ʿAzat ) is a village in Qeshlaq - e Jonubi Rural District , Qeshlaq Dasht District , Bileh Savar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Sithobela is a town in southern central Swaziland about 160 kilometres directly south of the capital Mbabane .
Grinshill is a small village , and civil parish in Shropshire , England , United Kingdom .
The Red Seal Interprovincial Standards Program , also known as Red Seal or simply IP , is a set of trade qualifications in Canada , jointly administered by the Federal , Provincial and Territorial governments .
Vejlby is a north - eastern neighbourhood of Aarhus in Denmark .
Bankawan Island ( Pulau Bankawan ) is an island located on Kudat district in Sabah , Malaysia .
Publishing and Broadcasting Limited ( PBL ) was one of Australia 's largest companies , with interests primarily in media and gaming .
Ermionida ( Greek : Ερμιονίδα ) is a municipality in the Argolis regional unit , Peloponnese , Greece .
Kibiro is a small fishing village in Uganda that lies on the south - eastern shore of Lake Albert .
Myślachowice ( mɨɕlaxɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebinia , within Chrzanów County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Gurvan - e Bozorg ( Persian : گوروان بزرگ‎ , also Romanized as Gūrvān - e Bozorg ; also known as Gūzvān - e Bozorg ) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Melli is one of the few towns in India that lies in two different states .
The Serres Ecclesiastical Museum occupies the second floor of the Diocesan Headquarters in the town of Serres in northern Greece .
Pieńki - Strzyże ( ˈpjɛɲki ˈstʂɨʐɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów , within Żyrardów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Conspiracy against rights is a federal offense in the United States of America under 18 U.S.C. § 241 :
The Episcopal Diocese of Delaware is one of 108 dioceses making up the Episcopal Church in the United States of America .
Daffodil International University ( Bengali : ড্যাফোডিল আন্তর্জাতিক বিশ্ববিদ্যালয় ) ) ( DIU ) , is a co - educational private university located in Dhanmondi , Dhaka , Bangladesh .
Hoghilag ( German : Halvelagen ; Hungarian : Holdvilág ) is a commune located in Sibiu County , Romania .
Mamiña is a small village located 130 kilometres ( 81 mi ) east from Iquique at 2800 metres ( 9.340 ft . ) above sea level in the foothills of Los Andes Mountain range in northern Chile .
The Beinan River ( Chinese : 卑南溪 ; pinyin : Bēinán Xī ; Wade -- Giles : Pei1-nan2 Hsi1 ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Pi - lâm - khe ) is a river in Taiwan .
Sakule ( Serbian Cyrillic : Сакуле ) is a village in Serbia .
St Keyne ( Cornish : Sen Keyn ) is a civil parish and village in east Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Carlow Vocational School is a second - level educational establishment in Carlow , Ireland .
Fordo or Fordow ( Persian : فردو‎‎ , Persian pronunciation : ( foɾˈdoʊ ) , ( foɾˈdo ) ) is a village in Fordo Rural District , Kahak District , Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
Tavros ( Greek : Ταύρος , which means `` bull '' ) , is a suburb in the southwestern part of the Athens agglomeration , Greece .
Vigie Beach is located 2 km north of Castries , Saint Lucia , running parallel and immediately adjacent to the George F. L. Charles Airport .
Al - Jirwah is a village in west - central Yemen .
Aqcheh Gonbad ( Persian : اقچه گنبد‎ , also Romanized as Āqcheh Gonbad ; also known as Āghcheh Gonbad , Aghcheh Gonbad , Āqcheh Kand , Āqjakūmbez , Āq Jāqumbez , and Āqjeh Gonbad ) is a village in Shivanat Rural District , Afshar District , Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Tougué is a town located in central Guinea .
Gargalianoi ( Greek : Γαργαλιάνοι ) is a town and a former municipality in Messenia , Peloponnese , Greece .
Kallady Bridge ( Tamil : கல்லடிப் பாலம் ; also known as the Lady Manning Bridge ) is a road bridge in eastern Sri Lanka .
Cerro Marahuaca , also spelled Marahuaka , is a tepui in Amazonas state , Venezuela .
Tel Aviv Pride ( Hebrew : גאווה תל אביבית ) is an annual , week - long series of events in Tel Aviv that celebrate Israel 's LGBT community life , scheduled during the second week of June , as part of the international observance of Gay Pride Month .
Teenuse ( German : Stenhusen ) is a village in Märjamaa Parish , Rapla County in western Estonia .
Skeikampen is a mountain that is located in central southern Norway in Gausdal .
J. N. Petit Technical High School is one of the oldest schools in Pune , Maharashtra , India .
Dawson Creek is a city in northeastern British Columbia , Canada .
Aarhus C is a postal district in the city of Aarhus , Denmark , consisting of Midtbyen , Vesterbro , University of Aarhus , Frederiksbjerg and the Docklands , with postal code 8000 .
Dellen is a lake system in the province of Hälsingland , Sweden .
The Kut Barrage is a barrage on the Tigris river , located in the modern town of Kut in Wasit Governorate , Iraq .
Prešna Loka ( pronounced ( ˈpɾeːʃna ˈloːka ) ) is a small settlement in the hills northeast of Sevnica in the historical region of Styria in east - central Slovenia .
Les Tourailles is a commune in the Orne département and the region of Basse - Normandie in north - western France .
Moon Ska World , formerly known as Moon Ska Europe , is a ska record label based in the United Kingdom .
Argentina Park ( Slovene : Argentinski park ) is the name of a park in the center of Ljubljana , the capital of Slovenia .
Zborowo ( zbɔˈrɔvɔ ) ( German : Weidengrund ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dopiewo , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Šentvid pri Zavodnju ( pronounced ( sɛnˈtʋiːt pɾi ˈzaːʋɔdnju ) or ( sənˈtʋiːt pɾi ˈzaːʋɔdnju ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Šoštanj in northern Slovenia .
A General National Vocational Qualifications , or GNVQ , was a certificate of vocational education in the United Kingdom .
The Estadio Luis Franzini ( or Luis Franzini Stadium ) is an outdoor football stadium located in Montevideo , Uruguay .
Klistervatnet ( Russian : Клистерватн ) is a lake that lies on the border between Norway and Russia .
Ménaka Airport ( ICAO : GAMK ) is an airport serving Ménaka , a town and commune in the Ménaka Cercle in the Gao Region of Mali .
Taheriyeh ( Persian : طاهريه‎ , also Romanized as Tāherīyeh ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Ferdows County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Kani Ganji ( Persian : كاني گنجي‎ , also Romanized as Kānī Ganjī ; also known as Ganjī , Kān Ganjī , and Kānī Ganjeh ) is a village in Panjeh Ali Rural District , in the Central District of Qorveh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Skopje Fortress ( Macedonian : Скопско Кале , transliterated Skopsko Kale ) , commonly referred to as Kale Fortress , or simply Kale ( from kale , the Turkish word for ' fortress ' ) , is a historic fortress located in the old town of Skopje , the capital of the Republic of Macedonia .
Weyher in der Pfalz is a municipality in Südliche Weinstraße district , in Rhineland - Palatinate , western Germany with a stable population of around 500 , populated for over 1200 years , in the foothills of a chestnut tree forest , overlooking the Rhine valley .
Wat Doi Mae Pang ( Thai : วัดดอยแม่ปั๋ง ) is a Buddhist temple in Phrao district , Chiang Mai Province , northern Thailand .
Äcem Mosque ( Tatar Cyrillic and Latin respectively : Әҗем мәчете or Äcem mäçete , pronounced ( æˈʑem ) ) ; ( Russian : Ази́мовская мече́ть , Azimovskaya mechet ) is a prominent cathedral mosque in Kazan , Tatarstan , Russia .
The Dr. B. R. Ambedkar National Institute of Technology Jalandhar , popularly known as NIT Jalandhar ( NITJ ) , is a public engineering institute located in Jalandhar , Punjab , India .
As of 2011 Karwei has 128 stores , all of which are located in the Netherlands .
Szlak Batorego ( Trail of Báthory ) is a manmade waterway in Poland first developed during the reign of Stephen Báthory in the 1600s .
Shumehri ( Persian : شومهري‎ , also Romanized as Shūmehrī ; also known as Shūmedrī ) is a village in Sorkh Qaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Wanjia Reeducation Through Labor Camp is a re - education through labor camp in the People 's Republic of China in Heilongjiang province , Daoli District , Harbin City .
Juodupė ( literally : black river ) is a small town in Rokiškis district municipality , Lithuania .
Malyn ( Ukrainian : Малин , Malyn ) ( sometimes spelled Malin ) is a city in Zhytomyr Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine located about 65 miles ( 100 km ) northwest of Kiev .
Quern ( Danish : Kværn ) is a former municipality in the district of Schleswig - Flensburg , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Arenal Tilaran Conservation Area is an administrative area which is managed by SINAC for the purposes of conservation in the central part of Costa Rica , near the Arenal Volcano and covering the Cordillera de Tilarán .
Mount Giona ( Greek : Γκιώνα , also transliterated as Gkiona , pronounced ( ˈɟona ) ) is a mountain in Phocis , Central Greece .
Malangali , Mufindi is an administrative ward in the Mufindi District of the Iringa Region of Tanzania , East Africa .
Son Beel ( Shon Bill ) is one of the largest lakes in southern Assam in India .
The Soni Falls is a waterfall in the Usambara Mountains of northeastern Tanzania , near the village of Soni , to the northeast of Kitunda .
In June 2013 , Castle Mill was one of six buildings nominated for the 2013 Carbuncle Cup , an annual award by Building Design for `` the ugliest building in the United Kingdom completed in the last 12 months .
Zaki Alamdari ( Persian : ذكي علمداري‎ , also Romanized as Ẕaḵī ʿAlmdārī ) is a village in Jam Rural District , in the Central District of Jam County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Markapukyu ( Quechua marka village / storey , pukyu spring of water , hispanicized spelling Marcapuquio ) is an archaeological site in Peru .
Mowtowr - e Dad Mohammad Rahbar ( Persian : موتوردادمحمدرهبر‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Dād Moḩammad Rahbar ) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Bastak ( Persian : بستک‎‎ ; also known as Bustak ) is a city in and the capital of Bastak County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Niederwallmenach is a village in the district of Rhein - Lahn , in Rhineland - Palatinate , in western Germany .
Hohentwiel is an extinct volcano in the Hegau region of Baden - Württemberg in southern Germany The mountain lies to the west of the city of Singen and 20 miles ( 30 km ) from Lake Constance .
Monkey Bay or Lusumbwe is a town in Mangochi which is in the Mangochi District in the Southern Region of Malawi .
Locquénolé ( Breton : Lokenole ) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north - western France .
La Campa sits in a deep river valley near Montaña Celaque ( aka Cerro Las Minas ) , the tallest mountain in Honduras .
Ślądkowice ( ɕlɔntkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dłutów , within Pabianice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Goose Village ( French : `` Village - aux - Oies '' ) was a neighbourhood in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Creighton Mine is an underground nickel mine , owned and operated by Vale ( formerly known as INCO ) in the city of Greater Sudbury , Ontario , Canada .
Shahu - ye Garatin ( Persian : شهوگرتين‎ , also Romanized as Shāhū - ye Garatīn ) is a village in Qaleh - ye Khvajeh Rural District , in the Central District of Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Lorugumu is an African settlement in Kenya 's Rift Valley Province .
Biesówko ( bjɛˈsufkɔ ) ( German : Klein Bössau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Menabe is a region in western Madagascar , with its capital at Morondava .
Espoonlahti ( Finnish ) or Esboviken ( Swedish ) ( literally The Bay of Espoo or Espoo Bay ) is one of the five major urban areas of Espoo , a city in Finland .
Nadik ( Persian : نديك‎ , also Romanized as Nadīk ; also known as Nadbak ) is a village in Madvarat Rural District , in the Central District of Shahr - e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Siilinjärvi mine is a large open - pit mine located in the Eastern Finland Province .
XEGNK - AM ( branded as Radio Mexicana ) is a Mexican Regional Music format AM radio station that serves the Laredo , Texas , USA and Nuevo Laredo , Tamaulipas , Mexico border area .
The Little Llangothlin Nature Reserve is a protected wetland nature reserve that is located on the Northern Tablelands in the New England region of New South Wales , in eastern Australia .
Tal Alwad ( also Tel al - Ward and Girdi Gulan ) is a town in Iraq southwest of Kirkuk in Iraqi Kurdistan .
Phuntshothang Gewog ( Dzongkha : ཕུན་ཚོགས་ཐང་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Samdrup Jongkhar District , Bhutan .
The National Oceanography Centre ( NOC ) is a marine science research and technology institution based on two sites in Southampton and Liverpool , United Kingdom .
Solnice ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈsolɲɪtsɛ ) ; German : Solnitz ) is a town in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic .
The Borborema Plateau ( Portuguese Planalto da Borborema , also known as the Serra da Borborema ) is a plateau in northeastern Brazil which extends across the states of Pernambuco , Paraíba , and Rio Grande do Norte .
Misa Urqu ( Quechua misa table , urqu mountain , literally `` table mountain '' , hispanicized spelling Mesaorjo ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 4,400 m ( 14,436 ft ) high .
McWhirters is a shopping centre and apartment building in Fortitude Valley an inner city suburb of Brisbane , Australia .
Pialeia ( Greek : Πιαλεία ) is a village and a former municipality in the Trikala regional unit , Thessaly , Greece .
Bougouni Airport ( ICAO : GABG ) is an airstrip serving Bougouni in Mali .
Elisenberg Station ( Norwegian : Elisenberg stasjon ) is an unfinished railway station within the Oslo Tunnel on the Drammen Line in Oslo , Norway .
Sighișoara ( Romanian pronunciation : ( siɡiˈʃo̯ara ) ; German : Schäßburg , pronounced ( ˈʃɛsbʊɐ̯k ) ; Hungarian : Segesvár , pronounced ( ˈʃɛɡɛʃvaːr ) ; Latin : Castrum Sex ) is a city on the Târnava Mare River in Mureș County , Romania .
Saraakallio rock paintings ( Finnish : Saraakallion kalliomaalaukset ) are situated in Central Finland .
Ballyragget ( Irish : Béal Átha Ragad meaning Mouth of Ragget 's Ford ) is a small town in County Kilkenny in Ireland .
Züm ( pronounced Zoom , IPA : /zuːm/ ) is a bus rapid transit system for the suburban city of Brampton , Ontario , Canada , northwest of Toronto owned and operated by Brampton Transit .
Valle Maggia ( Maggia Valley ) is an alpine valley of the Maggia River in Ticino , the Italian canton of Switzerland .
Bagyrtugay ( also , Bagir - Tugay ) is a village in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Wilhelm - Ernst - Gymnasium is a secondary school on Herderplatz 14 in Weimar , Germany .
Debre Abbay is a monastery of the Ethiopian Orthodox Church located at the edge of the canyon of the Tekezé River in the Tigray Region of Ethiopia .
Yar Mohammad Bazar ( Persian : يارمحمدبازار‎ , also Romanized as Yār Moḩammad Bāzār ) is a village in Polan Rural District , Polan District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Salzburg Hauptbahnhof ( German for Salzburg main station ; abbreviated Salzburg Hbf and occasionally translated as Central Station ) is the main railway station in Salzburg , capital of the federal state of Salzburg in Austria .
Taskesken ( Таскескен , تاسكەسكەن ) is a small town located in south - east Kazakhstan in Almaty Region .
The Huichon University of Telecommunications is located in Huichon , Chagang , North Korea , founded on September 1 , 1959 .
The Nizhnekamsk Hydroelectric Station ( Russian : Нижнекамская ГЭС ) , also known as Lower Kama , is a dam and hydroelectric power station on the lower Kama River near Naberezhnye Chelny in Tatarstan , Russia .
Sungai Pakning is the central city of Bukit Batu , Bengkalis , Indonesia .
Lyudao Airport ( Chinese : 綠島機場 ; pinyin : Lǜdǎo Jīchǎng ) ( IATA : GNI , ICAO : RCGI ) is an airport serving Lyudao ( Green Island ) , in Taitung County , Taiwan , Republic of China .
The National Transitional Council of Libya ( Arabic : المجلس الوطني الإنتقالي‎ al - majlis al - waṭanī al - intiqālī ) , sometimes known as the Transitional National Council , was the de facto government of Libya for a period during and after the Libyan Civil War , in which rebel forces overthrew the regime of Muammar Gaddafi .
Gaz - e Kheng ( Persian : گزخنگ‎ , also Romanized as Gaz - e Khong ; also known as Bīd - e Sūkhteh ) is a village in Bagh Safa Rural District , Sarchehan District , Bavanat County , Fars Province , Iran .
Velanai Island(Tamil : வேலணை ) , also known as Leiden in Dutch , is a small island off the coast of Jaffna Peninsula in the North of Sri Lanka .
Barnoldswick is one of the longest place names in the United Kingdom without repeating any letters .
Copenhagen Central Station ( Danish : Københavns Hovedbanegård , abbreviated København H ) is the main railway station in Copenhagen , Denmark and the largest railway station in Denmark , although Nørreport Station has a larger passenger throughput if urban S - train and Metro services are included .
Kunsthalle Helsinki ( Finnish : Helsingin Taidehalli , Swedish : Helsingfors Konsthall ) is an art exhibition venue in the Etu - Töölö district of Helsinki , Finland .
Agia Triada Monastery or the Monastery of Agia Triada Tsangarolon is a Greek Orthodox monastery in the Akrotiri peninsula in the Chania regional unit , Crete , Greece .
Bonga is a town and separate woreda in south - western Ethiopia .
Gan International Airport ( IATA : GAN , ICAO : VRMG ) is located on the island of Gan in Addu Atoll ( previously known as Seenu Atoll ) in the Maldives .
Kowalewek ( kɔvaˈlɛvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzgów , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Augustówek ( auɡusˈtuvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czosnów , within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Mazraeh - ye Gowdi ( Persian : مزرعه گودي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Gowdī ) is a village in Jabal Rural District , Kuhpayeh District , Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
The Südwestdeutsche Verkehrs - Aktiengesellschaft ( SWEG ) , in English language Southwest German Transport Company , from its former name , Südwestdeutsche Eisenbahn - Gesellschaft ( SEG ) , is a transport company in southwest Germany that operates railway lines and bus services .
Emory Creek Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located on the west side of the Fraser River just south of the town of Yale .
Orbe District was a district of the canton of Vaud , Switzerland .
Darenan ( Persian : دارنان‎ , also Romanized as Dārenān ; also known as Dārenā ) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District , Irandegan District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Trois - Rivières Airport ( IATA : YRQ , ICAO : CYRQ ) is located near the city of Trois - Rivières , Quebec , Canada .
Pas Bijar Gafsheh ( Persian : پس بيجارگفشه‎ , also Romanized as Pas Bījār Gafsheh ) is a village in Gafsheh - ye Lasht - e Nesha Rural District , Lasht - e Nesha District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Dosrius is a municipality in the comarca of Maresme in Catalonia , Spain , located in the interior of the comarca on the border with the Eastern Valleys , and is at the head of the Argentona Riera .
Robina Stadium hosted 2 matches in the 2008 Rugby League World Cup , which was held in Australia .
Podstrana ( Italian : Postrana ) is a municipality and settlement in Croatia in the Split - Dalmatia County .
Dhivër ( Δίβρη ) ( in Albanian , in Greek : Δίβρη - Divri ) is a Greek village and a former municipality in the Vlorë County , southern Albania .
The West Vancouver Police Department ( WVPD ) is the municipal police force for the district of West Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
The Technical University of Applied Sciences Wildau ( Technische Hochschule Wildau - TH Wildau ) is one of five universities of applied sciences in the federal state of Brandenburg , Germany .
Balidat Ameur ( Arabic : ﺑﻠﻴﺪة ﻋﺎﻣﺮ‎ ) ( sometimes written Blidet Amor ) is a town and commune in Ouargla Province , Algeria , located near the provincial capital of Ouargla .
Międzylesie ( mʲɛnd͡zɨˈlɛɕɛ ) ( German : Mittelwalde ) is a town in Kłodzko County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Tarbiat Modares University ( دانشگاه تربیت مدرس , lit . `` Professor Training University '' ) is an exclusively graduate university with its main campus in Tehran , Iran .
GWN7 is an Australian television network owned by the Prime Media Group serving all of Western Australia outside of metropolitan Perth .
Dhirapatana is a small village in the state of Orissa on the east coast of India .
Acharistsqali ( Georgian : აჭარისწყალი - literal meaning : Adjara 's water ) is a river of southwestern Georgia .
Faerie Glen Nature Reserve is situated at the western limit of the Bronberg in the east of Pretoria , South Africa .
The Giardino Botanico di Collepardo , also known as the Giardino Botanico `` Flora Ernica '' , is a nature preserve and botanical garden located in Collepardo , Province of Frosinone , Lazio , Italy .
Vipolže ( pronounced ( ˈʋiːpɔu̯ʒɛ ) ) is a scattered village in the lower Municipality of Brda in the Littoral region of Slovenia on the border with Italy .
Horahora Power Station was an early hydroelectric power station on the Waikato River in New Zealand .
Kourounios ( Greek : Κουρουνιός ) is a mountain village in the municipal unit Gortyna , southwestern Arcadia , Greece .
Haveli Sujan Singh is a haveli located in the congested market of Bhabra Bazar Rawalpindi , Punjab , Pakistan .
Belgian National Day ( Dutch : Nationale feestdag van België ; French : Fête nationale belge ; German : Belgischer Nationalfeiertag ) is the National Day of Belgium celebrated on 21 July each year .
Torosgyugh ( Armenian : Թորոսգյուղ , also Romanized as T’orosgyugh and Torosgyukh ) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia .
Angourie Point is a surf break in the small township of Yamba on the north coast of New South Wales , Australia .
Delta Lloyd Group is a Dutch insurer with operations in the Netherlands , Belgium and Germany .
Jefman Airport ( IATA : SOQ , ICAO : WASS ) was an airport in front of Sorong , West Papua , Indonesia .
The Château de Saint - Ferriol ( or Château Saint - Ferriol ) is a late medieval - early Renaissance castle , in the village and commune of Saint - Ferriol , in the Aude département in southern France .
Dolenje Dole ( pronounced ( dɔˈleːnjɛ ˈdoːlɛ ) ; German : Unterdule ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Škocjan in southeastern Slovenia .
Wefensleben is a village and a municipality in the Börde district in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
Dantu Railway Station , formerly known as Sanshan West Railway Station is a railway station of Shanghai - Nanjing Intercity Railway located in Jiangsu , People 's Republic of China .
Daranagar is a town in Kaushambi , a district in Uttar Pradesh , India .
Kosmolów ( kɔsˈmɔluf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olkusz , within Olkusz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Jerusalem Binyanei HaUma Railway Station ( Hebrew : תחנת הרכבת בנייני האומה‎ , Tahanat HaRakevet Binyenei HaUma ) is a future railway station on the future high - speed railway to Jerusalem near Binyanei HaUma in Jerusalem , Israel .
The Pârâul Snopului is a headwater of the Sărișorul Mic River in Romania .
Chepzi is located in Ladakh , state of Jammu & Kashmir , India .
Nash Mill was a paper mill in Hemel Hempstead , Hertfordshire , United Kingdom .
Badu Station ( Chinese : 八堵車站 ; pinyin : Bādǔ Chēzhàn ) ( formerly transliterated as Patu Station until 2003 ) is a railway station at the junction of the Taiwan Railways Administration ( TRA ) Western Line and the Yilan Line .
Hensbarrow Beacon is a hill in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Munkeliv Abbey was a Benedictine abbey located at Nordnes in Bergen , Norway .
Mierzęcice ( mʲɛʐɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) is a village in Będzin County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Vyborg Library ( Finnish : Viipurin kirjasto ) is a library in Vyborg , Russia , built during the time of Finnish sovereignty ( 1918 to 1940 - 44 ) , before the Finnish city of Viipuri was annexed by the former USSR and its Finnish name was changed to Vyborg by the USSR authorities .
As per Census India 2011 , Tikri Kalan Census Town has population of 16,313 of which 9,247 are males while 7,066 are females .
Kolonaki ( Greek : Κολωνάκι , pronounced ( koloˈnaci ) ) , literally `` Little Column '' is a neighborhood in central Athens , Greece .
Kaņieris Lake or Lake Kaņieris is a lake in Latvia located in the Ķemeri National Park west of the city of Jūrmala .
Lake Davos ( German : Davosersee ) is a small natural lake at Davos , Switzerland .
The Aguacapa River ( Spanish pronunciation : ( aɣwaˈkapa ) ) is a river in Guatemala .
Nettlebed Cave is a limestone cave located in the Mount Arthur region of the northwest South Island of New Zealand .
Dąbrowa Górnicza ( dɔmˈbrɔva ɡurˈɲit͡ʂa ) is a city in Zagłębie Dąbrowskie , southern Poland , near Katowice and Sosnowiec .
Radomia ( raˈdɔmja ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdnica , within Zielona Góra County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Yodok concentration camp ( also romanized Yodŏk , Yodeok , or Yoduk ) is a political prison camp in North Korea .
Drašiči ( pronounced ( ˈdɾaːʃitʃi ) ; German : Draschitz ) is a village in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia , next to the border with Croatia .
Kulab - e Fartaq ( Persian : كولاب فارتق‎ , also Romanized as Kūlab - e Fārtaq ; also known as Fartagh , Fārtaq , Fārteq , and Kūlab ) is a village in Bahmayi - ye Sarhadi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Dishmok District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Ramena River is a river of northwestern Madagascar in the region of Diana .
Pol - e Band ( Persian : پل بند‎ , also Romanized as Pol Band ; also known as Pūlband ) is a village in Dasht - e Taybad Rural District , Miyan Velayat District , Taybad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Mariano del Friuli ( Friulian : Marian ) is a town and comune in the province of Gorizia , part of Friuli - Venezia Giulia region of north - eastern Italy .
Divisional Model College commonly known as DMC is a prestigious , semi - private and independent selective school based in Faisalabad , Pakistan .
Canihuel ( Breton : Kanuhel ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
Rubrouck ( Dutch : Rubroek , once Ruysbroeck ) is a commune in the Nord department in northern France .
Garmejan ( Persian : گرمجان‎ , also Romanized as Garmejān ) is a village in Reza Mahalleh Rural District , in the Central District of Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Ratchford Range is a subrange of the Monashee Mountains of the Columbia Mountains , located east of the Seymour River in British Columbia , Canada .
Vajreshwari also known as Vajrabai is a village situated near the Tansa River in the in Bhiwandi taluk of Thane district , Maharashtra , India .
Babina Stena is a peak found in Kosovo .
Dol pri Hrastniku ( pronounced ( ˈdoːu̯ pɾi ˈxɾaːstniku ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Hrastnik in central Slovenia .
Antisana Ecological Reserve ( Spanish : Reserva Ecológica Antisana ) is a protected area in Ecuador situated in the Napo Province , Quijos Canton and Archidona Canton .
McNeilly Falls is a 12 metre high complex ribbon cascade waterfall found in Vinemount Conservation Area in Stoney Creek , Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
Surduc ( Hungarian : Szurduk ) is a commune located in Sălaj County , Romania .
The White Mulde ( German : Weiße Mulde ) is the right headstream of the Zwickau Mulde in the Vogtland region of Saxony , Germany .
Marhouma is a village in the commune of Tamtert , in El Ouata District , Béchar Province , Algeria .
Churchill Community College was rated `` one of the best in country '' , with only 11 % of secondary schools in the United Kingdom to achieve this status .
The Big Trout is a 10-metre - high fibreglass model in Adaminaby , New South Wales , Australia , a popular fishing spot for trout .
Khao Sod has seen substantial success over recent years , with circulation of 300,0000 copies ; it is currently the third - bestselling newspaper in Thailand .
Zgornja Pohanca ( pronounced ( ˈzɡoːɾnja ˈpoːxantsa ) ) is a settlement in the hills north of Brežice in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia .
Stavešinski Vrh ( pronounced ( ˈstaːʋɛʃinski ˈʋəɾx ) ) is a settlement north of Stavešinci in the Municipality of Gornja Radgona in northeastern Slovenia .
The Vosges ( French pronunciation : ​(voːʒ ) ) ( German : Vogesen ( voˈɡeːzn̩ ) ) , also called the Vosges Mountains , are a range of low mountains in eastern France , near its border with Germany .
Socond ( Hungarian : Nagyszokond , Hungarian pronunciation : ( nɒɟsokond ) ) is a commune of 2,630 inhabitants situated in Satu Mare County , Romania .
Chrysochou ( Greek : Χρυσοχού , Turkish : Hirsofu ) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus , located 3 km south of Polis Chrysochous .
Tuamasaga is a district of Samoa , with a population ( 2001 Census ) of 83,191 .
Laval Centre ( French : Laval - Centre ; formerly known as Laval - des - Rapides ) was a federal electoral district in Quebec , Canada , that was represented in the Canadian House of Commons from 1979 to 2004 .
The Palace of the Dukes of Braganza ( Portuguese : Paço dos Duques de Bragança ) , is a medieval estate and former residence of the first Dukes of Braganza , located in the historical centre of Guimarães ( Oliveira do Castelo ) , in the north - western part of Portugal .
The Civil Servants ' Confederation ( Greek : Ανώτατη Διοίκηση Ενώσεων Δημοσίων Υπαλλήλων ) mostly known by its acronym ADEDY ( Α.Δ.Ε.Δ.Υ ) is a trade union centre in Greece .
Cerro Petaca is a large forested ridge in Amazonas state , Venezuela .
Zhupanovsky ( Russian : Жупановский ) is a volcanic massif located in the southeastern part of Kamchatka Peninsula , Russia .
Moneensauran ( from Irish : Moinín Samhradhain , meaning `` Sauran 's little bog '' ) is a townland in the civil parish of Templeport , County Cavan , Ireland .
An Emas bond or sukuk ( Islamic bond ) is a non - Ringgit denominated bond or sukuk issued out of Malaysia .
The Volnaya River ( Russian : Во́льная ) is a river in Moscow Oblast , Russia .
The Grande Course de Haies d'Auteuil , sometimes referred to as the French Champion Hurdle , is a Group 1 hurdle race in France which is open to horses aged five years or older .
The Buldușor River is a tributary of the Valea Satului River ( Crișul Repede ) in Romania
The Tuntsayoki ( Russian : Тунтсайоки , Finnish : Tuntsajoki ) is a river in the south of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast , Russia .
Kelbata is a Maronite and Sunni Muslim village in Koura District of Lebanon .
Onehunga High School is a state co - educational secondary school in the Auckland suburb of Onehunga , New Zealand .
Kozarzew ( kɔˈzaʐɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierz Biskupi , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Finnsæter Chapel ( Norwegian : Finnsæter kapell ) is a chapel in the municipality of Berg in Troms county , Norway .
Mozirje ( German : Prassberg ) is a small town and municipality on the Savinja River in northern Slovenia .
Hutt International Boys ' School ( usually known by its acronym , HIBS ) is a state integrated boys ' secondary school in Upper Hutt , Wellington , New Zealand .
The Tabernas Desert ( Spanish : Desierto de Tabernas ) is one of Spain 's semi - deserts , located within Spain 's southeastern province of Almería .
The Canton of Saint - Nom - la - Bretèche is a French former canton , located in the arrondissement of Saint - Germain - en - Laye , in the Yvelines département ( Île - de - France région ) .
Alchalu ( Persian : الچالو‎ , also Romanized as Ālchālū ) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District , Hurand District , Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Yuxarı Ağcakənd ( also , Verinsen , Verishen , and Yukhary - Agdzhakend ) is a town in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Korup National Park is in the Southwest Province of Cameroon and extends over 1,260 km2 of mostly undisturbed primary forest .
Yaynu ( hispanicized spellings Yaino , Yayno ) is an archaeological site in Peru .
Señoráns is a village in the province of A Coruña , Galicia , Spain .
Góraj ( ˈɡurai̯ ) ( German : Neu Bergen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babiak , within Koło County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Colonia Valdense is a small city located in southwestern Uruguay , within the Colonia Department .
Prison Six ( Hebrew : כלא שש‎ Kele Shesh ) , officially Confinement Base 396 ( Hebrew : בסיס כליאה 396‎ Bsis Kli'a 396 ) is an Israeli military prison located near Atlit , Israel , on Oren Junction .
Iğdır ( Turkish ( ˈɯːβdɯɾ ) ; Armenian : Իգդիր Igdir , also Ցոլակերտ , Tsolakert , after the ancient site nearby ) is the capital of Iğdır Province in the Eastern Anatolia Region of Turkey .
Hackham railway station was a railway station on the Willunga railway line , Australia .
Madang Airport ( IATA : MAG , ICAO : AYMD ) , is an airport located in Madang , Papua New Guinea .
The Stołowe Mountains National Park ( Polish : Park Narodowy Gór Stołowych ) is a National Park in Poland .
Police nad Metují ( information in Czech language ) ( German : Politz an der Mettau ) is a town in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic .
Ryerson University Entrepreneurship Program is the largest undergraduate entrepreneurship program in Canada with both major and minor degree programs available .
The Botanischer Garten Erlangen ( 2 hectares ) , also known as the Botanischer Garten der Universität Erlangen - Nürnberg , is a botanical garden maintained by the University of Erlangen - Nuremberg and located on the north side of the castle garden in the city center at Loschgestraße 3 , Erlangen , Franconia , Germany .
Llawa P'ukru ( Quechua llawa broken glass with sharp edges , p'ukru hole , pit , gap in a surface , hispanicized spelling Llaguapucro ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 5,200 m ( 17,060 ft ) high .
The Njurunda Church ( Swedish : Njurunda kyrka ) is a church building in Njurundabommen , Sweden .
Bo Airport ( IATA : KBS , ICAO : GFBO ) is a regional airport located in Bo , the second largest city of Sierra Leone .
XEWF - AM is a radio station located in Tlalmanalco in the State of Mexico .
Veliki Ban ( pronounced ( ˈʋeːliki ˈbaːn ) ) is a settlement in the Žumberak / Gorjanci Hills in the Municipality of Šentjernej in southeastern Slovenia .
Kabalega Hydroelectric Power Station , also known as Kabalega Power Station is a 9 MW ( 12,000 hp ) mini hydroelectric power project located across River Wambabya , in Buseruka Sub County , Hoima District , in Western Uganda .
PAF Base Peshawar is an airbase of the Pakistan Air Force located in Peshawar , Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan .
Tor Zawar is a fissure vent volcano in central Pakistan and the only recent volcano in Pakistan and South Asia .
Sušice ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈsuʃɪtsɛ ) ; German : Schüttenhofen ) is a town in the Pilsen Region of the Czech Republic .
FK Horizont Turnovo ( Macedonian : ФК Хоризонт Турново ) is a football club based in the village Turnovo near Strumica , Republic of Macedonia .
Uzunboyad ( also , Uzunboyat ) is a village and municipality in the Davachi Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Smines Bridge ( Norwegian : Sminesbrua ) is a cantilever bridge in the southern part of the municipality of Nærøy in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
The Aguapey River ( Spanish Río Aguapey ) is a river of Argentina .
Plouvara ( Breton : Plouvara ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor departmentof Brittany in northwestern France .
Rosalnice ( pronounced ( ɾɔˈsaːlnitsɛ ) or ( ɾɔˈsaːu̯nitsɛ ) ; German : Rosalnitz ) is a village on the left bank of the Kolpa River , east of the town of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia , right on the border with Croatia .
The Château de Rochetaillée is a ruined feudal castle in the city of Saint - Étienne in the Loire département of France .
In a story published in late February 2012 by Forbes magazine , about the ascent of electronic music in Brazil , Balneário Camboriú was presented as `` the capital of e - music '' in the country .
Blagaja ( Serbian Cyrillic : Благаја ) is a mountain in central Serbia , near the town of Požega .
The Tintinara Tennis Club was established in 1919 in Tintinara , South Australia by Mr. Edward B. Northcott and Mrs Fanny and Tilly Williams .
Gradišče pri Ormožu ( pronounced ( ɡraˈdiːʃtʃɛ pri ˈoːrmɔʒu ) ) is a small settlement in the Slovene Hills ( Slovene : Slovenske gorice ) northwest of Ormož in northeastern Slovenia .
Jardines del Pedregal ( English : Rocky Gardens ) or simply El Pedregal is an upscale residential colonia ( neighborhood ) in southern Mexico City .
Hatun Qinamari ( Quechua hatun big ( jatun in Bolivia ) , Aymara or Quechua qinamari ( a possible spelling ) , hispanicized Jatun Quenamari ) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,400 metres ( 17,717 ft ) high .
Lattarico ( Greek : Lattarioi ) is a town and comune in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy .
Cardejón is a town in the province of Soria , judicial district of Soria , Castile and León , Spain .
Ubon Ratchathani University ( UBU ) ( Thai , มหาวิทยาลัยอุบลราชธานี ) was established as a campus of Khon Kaen University , Thailand , in 1987 .
Hoogkarspel ( West Frisian : Hougkarspel ) ( population estimate : 7380 ) is a village in the municipality Drechterland , located in the north west of the Netherlands , in the province of North Holland and the region of West - Frisia .
Bhira Kheri is a small town located in the Lakhimpur Kheri district of Lucknow division , in the Uttar Pradesh state of India .
Blekinge archipelago is an archipelago in the Baltic Sea , located in Blekinge in the south of Sweden .
As per the latest India census , Kadampanad has a population of 26839 with 12769 males and 14070 females .
Stereo nightclub is an afterhours club in Montreal , Canada which primarily features house music and techno .
Godičevo ( pronounced ( ɡɔˈdiːtʃɛʋɔ ) ) is small settlement northeast of Nova Vas in the Municipality of Bloke in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Mowtowr - e Mohammad Hasan Naruyi ( Persian : موتور محمدحسن ناروئي‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Moḩammad Ḩasan Nārūyī ) is a village in Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem Rural District , Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem District , Dalgan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Susuman Airport ( ICAO : UHMH ) is a minor airport built 2 km south of Susuman in Magadan Oblast , Russia during World War II for the Alaska - Siberian ( ALSIB ) air route used to ferry American Lend - Lease aircraft to the Eastern Front .
Sakaraha is a town and municipality in Atsimo - Andrefana Region , south - western Madagascar .
Qurtlu Qeshlaq ( Persian : قورتلوقشلاق‎ , also Romanized as Qūrtlū Qeshlāq ) is a village in Angut - e Gharbi Rural District , Anguti District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Ano Kalamas ( Greek : Άνω Καλαμάς ) is a former municipality in the Ioannina regional unit , Epirus , Greece .
Umiujaq ( Inuktitut : ᐅᒥᐅᔭᖅ ) is a northern village ( Inuit community ) near the eastern shore of Hudson Bay in Nunavik in northern Quebec , Canada .
Three Rivers and St. Maurice ( also known as Three Rivers -- St . Maurice ) was a federal electoral district in Quebec , Canada , that was represented in the Canadian House of Commons from 1892 to 1935 .
Novoselec is a village in central Croatia located southeast of Križ .
Chrzelice ( ( xʂɛˈlʲit͡sɛ ) ; in German Schelitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała , within Prudnik County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Ipsos MORI is the second largest market research organisation in the United Kingdom , formed by a merger of Ipsos UK and MORI , two of Britain 's leading survey companies , in October 2005 .
Mount Kain is a mountain located in the Fraser River Valley of Mount Robson Provincial Park , Canada .
The British School at Athens ( BSA ) ( Greek : Βρετανική Σχολή Αθηνών ) is one of the 17 Foreign Archaeological Institutes in Athens , Greece .
Orsk ( Russian : Орск ) is the second largest city in Orenburg Oblast , Russia , located on the steppe about 100 kilometers ( 62 mi ) southeast of the southern tip of the Ural Mountains .
The Forest of Éperlecques ( French : Forêt d'Éperlecques ) is a large forest covering some 850 hectares in the commune of Éperlecques in the Pas - de - Calais department in the Nord - Pas - de - Calais region of France .
Baxt ( Baht ) is a town in Sirdaryo District of Sirdaryo Region in Uzbekistan .
The University of Western Ontario ( UWO ) , branded as Western University , is a public research university located in London , Ontario , Canada .
The Roman Theatre of Florence was a Roman theatre dated to the 1st century in Florence , Italy .
Karantando is a small village located about 15 miles of Kouroussa in northeastern Guinea .
The Cathedral of Santa María de Vitoria ( Basque : Santa Maria katedrala , Spanish : Catedral de Santa María de Vitoria ) is a Gothic - style , Roman Catholic cathedral located in Vitoria - Gasteiz , Basque country , Spain .
Kotlenik ( Serbian Cyrillic : Котленик ) is a mountain in central Serbia , near the town of Kraljevo .
Mokrzeszów ( mɔˈkʂɛʂuf ) ( German : Kunzendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdnica , within Świdnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Phumdis are a series of floating islands , exclusive to the Loktak Lake in Manipur state , in northeastern India .
The Port of Tobruk ( Arabic : ميناء طبرق‎ ) is a port located at Tobruk , Libya .
The University of Kisangani ( UNIKIS ) is located in the city of Kisangani in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
St. Mark 's Church , Versailles , or St. Mark 's , Versailles , is an Anglican church dedicated to Saint Mark in Versailles , France .
Alvir ( Persian : الوير‎‎ , also Romanized as Alvīr ; also known as Avīr ) is a village in Alvir Rural District , Kharqan District , Zarandieh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Windhoek Central Business District ( short : Windhoek Central ) is the inner city area of Windhoek , capital of Namibia .
Spodnja Ročica ( pronounced ( ˈspoːdnja ɾɔˈtʃiːtsa ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Benedikt in northeastern Slovenia .
Boukhelifa is a town and commune in the Béjaïa in northern Algeria .
Lake Dem is a small lake in northern Burkina Faso , located to the north of Kaya , south of the Sahel Reserve and south - east of Lake Bam .
The Christian Unity Party ( Norwegian : Kristent Samlingsparti , KSP ) is a conservative Christian and fundamentalist political party in Norway without parliamentary representation .
Qusha Qeshlaq - e Khasai ( Persian : قوشاقشلاق خاصاي‎ , also Romanized as Qūshā Qeshlāq - e Khāṣāī ) is a village in Qeshlaq - e Sharqi Rural District , Qeshlaq Dasht District , Bileh Savar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The French nation , the Kingdom of Bavaria and the Federal Republic of Germany tried repeatedly , but in vain , to secure ownership of the Stumpfwald .
San Isidro de Lules , or , Lules , as the town is colloquially known , is a settlement in Tucumán Province in northern Argentina , and the seat of the department ( county ) of the same name .
There are more than 230 Harvey Norman stores in Australia , New Zealand , Slovenia , Ireland , Northern Ireland , Malaysia , Croatia and Singapore altogether .
Alonei Yitzhak ( Hebrew : אַלּוֹנֵי יִצְחָק , lit . Yitzhak Oaks ) is a youth village in northern Israel .
Beit Shemesh Railway Station is an Israel Railways station in Beit Shemesh , Israel on the Tel Aviv --
French for the Future ( French : Le français pour l'avenir ) is a Canadian non - profit organisation that aims to promote bilingualism and French - language education in Canada .
Dlouhoňovice is village in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic .
Shri Guru Gobind Singh Ji Airport ( IATA : NDC , ICAO : VAND ) is a public airport located in Nanded , in the state of Maharashtra , India .
Stickens is a townland in the Roman Catholic parish of Caragh in Co. Kildare , Ireland .
Grand Jamia Mosque , Karachi also known as Bahria Town Jamia Masjid Complex is a mosque under construction in Bahria Town , Karachi , Pakistan .
The New Orthodox Synagogue , Košice ( Slovak : Nová ortodoxná synagóga v Košiciach ) was built in the years 1926 - -1927 at Puškinova Street near the historic centre of Košice , Slovakia .
Jhungara is a small village near Bakhshali in Pakistan .
Bolstadøyri Station ( Norwegian : Bolstadøyri stasjon ) is located on Bergensbanen railway line located in the village of Bolstadøyri in the municipality of Voss , in Hordaland county , Norway .
Banqiao Station ( Chinese : 板橋車站 ; pinyin : Bǎnqiáo Chēzhàn ) is a railway station located in Banqiao District , New Taipei , Taiwan .
Nacula is a hilly and volcanic island of the Yasawa Group in Fiji 's Ba Province .
Calvairate ( Calvairaa in Lombard ) is a district ( `` quartiere '' ) of Milan , Italy .
Bounty Bay is an embayment of the Pacific Ocean into Pitcairn Island .
Taghaza ( also Teghaza ) is an abandoned salt - mining centre located in a salt pan in the desert region of northern Mali .
Lake Atanasovsko or Lake Atanasovo ( Bulgarian : Атанасовско езеро , Atanasovsko ezero ) is a salt coastal lake north of Burgas , Bulgaria , located in direct proximity of the Black Sea .
Bad Rotenfels is a district in the city of Gaggenau , district of Rastatt , in Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Novi Kozjak ( Serbian Cyrillic : Нови Козјак ) is a village in northern Serbia .
Valby station is a railway station in the Valby district of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Tarquinia Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield in the Lazio region of central Italy , about 6 km South - Southwest of Tarquinia .
The Kremasta Dam is an earth - fill embankment dam on the Achelous River in Aetolia - Acarnania , Greece .
Col de la Vanoise is a mountain pass of Savoie , France .
Huites Dam , officially known as Luis Donaldo Colosio Dam , is located on the Rio Fuerte in northwestern Sinaloa , Mexico 130 kilometres ( 81 mi ) northeast of Los Mochis .
Bir Ghbalou is a commune of Bouïra Province , Algeria .
The Place Kléber is the central square of Strasbourg , France .
Kolomna ( Russian : Колóмна ; IPA : ( kɐˈlomnə ) ) is an ancient city of Moscow Oblast , Russia , situated at the confluence of the Moskva and Oka Rivers , 114 kilometers ( 71 mi ) ( by rail ) southeast of Moscow .
Quintela ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( kĩˈtɛɫɐ ) ) is a civil parish in the municipality of Sernancelhe , Portugal .
Sulichay ( Persian : سولي چاي‎ , also Romanized as Sūlīchāy ) is a village in Bonab Rural District , in the Central District of Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
George Town Airport ( ICAO : MYEG ) is an airport located near George Town on the island of Great Exuma in The Bahamas .
Sztabin ( ˈʂtabin ) ( Lithuanian : Štabinas , Stabinis ) - is a village in Augustów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Suakoko District ( commonly spelled Suacoco in English speaking countries ) is one of eight districts located in Bong County , Liberia .
Saeedabad Taluka ( Urdu : سعيد آباد ‎ ) is an administrative subdivision , ( taluka ) , of Matiari District in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
The Royal Armouries is the United Kingdom 's National Museum of Arms and Armour .
Hüttensteinach is a former town in Thuringia , Germany .
Torfinnstindene is a mountain with three summits in Norway , the highest at 2120 m above sea level .
Vasile Alecsandri National Theatre ( Romanian : Teatrul Național Vasile Alecsandri din Bălți ) in Bălți , is one of the national theatres of Moldova .
Topiło ( tɔˈpiwɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hajnówka , within Hajnówka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Khakashan ( Persian : خاكشان‎ , also Romanized as Khākashān ) is a village in Basharyat - e Sharqi Rural District , Basharyat District , Abyek County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Dongyang University is a private university located in Yeongju , South Korea .
Elefant Traks is a record label based in Sydney , Australia , that predominantly releases Australian hip hop music .
Mahenge is a limestone plateau area in the Ulanga District , Morogoro Region , Tanzania , Africa .
The Tzeachten First Nation is a band government of the Sto : lo people located in the Upper Fraser Valley region near Chilliwack , British Columbia , Canada .
Uzunköprü ( in English long bridge ) is a town in Edirne Province in Turkey .
Peddemul or Peddamal or Peddimul is a mandal in Rangareddi district of Telangana , India .
Tutuki Splash is a water ride , opened in 1995 at PortAventura in Salou , Spain .
The 2010 HP Open ( also known as the 2010 HP Japan Women 's Open Tennis ) was a women 's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts .
The Temple Entry Proclamation issued by Maharaja Chithira Thirunal Balarama Varma in 1936 abolished the ban on the so - called ' low - caste people ' or avarnas from entering Hindu temples in the Princely State of Travancore ( now part of Kerala , India ) .
Qinngorput is a district of Nuuk , the capital of Greenland .
Wólka Ponikiewska ( ˈvulka pɔniˈkʲɛfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Ilga Manor ( Latvian : Ilgas muiža ) is a manor in the historical region of Selonia , in Latvia .
Acquasparta is a town and comune in the province of Terni ( Umbria , central Italy ) .
Sabiha Gökçen International Airport ( IATA : SAW , ICAO : LTFJ ) is one of the two international airports serving İstanbul , Turkey .
Ribaue is a town in northern Mozambique in the Ribáuè District .
Virac Airport ( Tagalog : Paliparan ng Virac , Bikol : Palayogan nin Virac ) ( IATA : VRC , ICAO : RPUV ) is the only airport serving the island province of Catanduanes in the Philippines .
Mian Mahalleh - ye Pap Kiadeh ( Persian : ميان محله پاپكياده‎ , also Romanized as Mīān Maḩalleh - ye Pāp Kīādeh ; also known as Mīyānmaḩalleh - ye Pāpīyādeh ) is a village in Chaf Rural District , in the Central District of Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Apiñaqucha ( Quechua apiña , maswa a flowering , partly eatable plant , qucha lake , `` maswa lake '' , hispanicized spelling Apiñaccocha ) is a lake in Peru located in the Ayacucho Region , Lucanas Province , in the districts of Chipao and Puquio .
Marsvinsholm Castle ( Swedish : Marsvinsholms slott ) is situated in Ystad Municipality , Scania , in southern Sweden , 12 kilometres ( 7.5 mi ) from Ystad .
Garwolin ( ɡarˈvɔlʲin ) is a town on the Wilga river in eastern Poland , capital of Garwolin County , situated in the southeast part of the Garwolin plateau in Masovian Voivodeship ( since 1999 , before : Siedlce Voivodeship ) , 62 km southeast of Warsaw , 100 km northwest of Lublin .
The Trier Imperial Baths ( German : Kaiserthermen ) are a large Roman bath complex in Trier , Germany .
The Phillip Ice Skating Centre ( also known as Phillip Swimming & Ice Skating Centre and the Brave Cave ) is an ice sports and public skate centre , open in 1980 and located at the Phillip precinct of Canberra , Australian Capital Territory , Australia .
The Capanda Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Kwanza River in Malanje Province , Angola .
Plaza Brasil ( Brasil Square ) is located in Barrio Brasil , a neighborhood of Santiago , Chile known for its strong artistic and cultural scene .
Threatened ecological community is a term used in Australia for ecosystems that are in danger of being lost due to some threatening process .
Sankt Gangloff or St. Gangloff is a municipality in the district Saale - Holzland , in Thuringia , Germany .
Kharabeh - ye Kohal ( Persian : خرابه كهل‎ , also Romanized as Kharābeh - ye Kohal ; also known as `` Alīābād ) is a village in Balghelu Rural District , in the Central District of Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 100 , in 21 families .
Ladheke is a village situated in the outskirts of Lahore near Raiwind , in Punjab , Pakistan , near the eastern border with India .
Small Star Cinema is a mid-1970s series of live - action / animated shorts made by Canada 's Nelvana Limited , and broadcast on the CBC .
Gizałki ( ɡiˈzau̯ki ) is a village in Pleszew County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
San Mateo Mexicaltzingo is a town and the seat of the municipality of Mexicaltzingo located in the State of Mexico , in Mexico .
Le Calandre is a restaurant in Padua Italy .
Bad Dürrenberg is a spa town in the Saalekreis district , in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
Jönköping International Business School ( JIBS ) is a business school located in Jönköping in south central Sweden .
The Câlnic Citadel ( Romanian : Cetatea Câlnic ; German : Burg Kelling ) is a citadel located in Câlnic , Alba County , in the Transylvania region of Romania .
Błażek ( ˈbwaʐɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Batorz , within Janów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Sallaumines is a commune of northern France .
San Vito Chietino is a town and comune in the province of Chieti in the Abruzzo region of central Italy .
Huerta del Prado is a northern neighborhood of Marbella , Spain .
Nabyszyce ( nabɨˈʂɨt͡sɛ ) ( German : Holzhausen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Odolanów , within Ostrów Wielkopolski County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Kosis is a settlement in the ǁKaras Region of southern Namibia , situated approximately 120 km west of Keetmanshoop , not far from Bethanie .
St. François Atoll is one of two atolls of the Alphonse Group of islands in the Seychelles that are part of the Outer Islands .
Epping Boys High School is a government high school located at Marsfield , Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Killman Zoo is located approximately 4 kilometres or 2.5 miles north of Caledonia in Haldimand County , Ontario , Canada .
Dichin ( Bulgarian : Дичин ) is a village in central northern Bulgaria , located about 25 kilometres north of the old university town of Veliko Tarnovo , just north of the Rosica River , in the southern little hill part .
Jangemireh ( Persian : جنگ ميره‎ , also Romanized as Jangemīreh ) is a village in Asalem Rural District , Asalem District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Ar Ramtha , also known as Al - Ramtha ( Arabic : الرمثا‎ ) is a city situated in the far northwest of Jordan .
Thoondu is a white sandy beach on the north of Fuvahmulah , Maldives .
Tangos United Methodist Church was the first Methodist Church established by Juan and Pedro Pascual in 1900 , at Navotas , the Philippines .
Arusha is a city in northern Tanzania and the capital of the Arusha Region , with a population of 416,442 plus 323,198 in the surrounding Arusha District ( 2012 census ) .
Aprompronou ( also known as Apprompron ) is a village in eastern Ivory Coast .
Eisstadion Liebenau is an indoor sporting arena located in Graz , Austria .
Pey Rud ( Persian : پيرود‎ , also Romanized as Pey Rūd , Pai - Rūd , Pa yi Rūd , and Pay - ye Rūd ; also known as Zenūr ) is a village in Jolgeh - e Mazhan Rural District , Jolgeh - e Mazhan District , Khusf County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Shumsk ( Ukrainian : Шумськ , Polish : Szumsk ) is a city in Ternopil Oblast , Ukraine .
The Lauteraarhorn is a peak ( 4,042 m ) of the Aarmassif in the Bernese Alps in Switzerland .
The Dorfbahn Serfaus is an unusual underground air cushion funicular transit system in the Tyrolian village of Serfaus in Austria .
Studenca ( pronounced ( stu'dɛːntsa ) ; in older sources also Studenec , German : Studenz ) is a small dispersed settlement in the hills northeast of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Silvi is an Italian comune in the province of Teramo , about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) north of Pescara , in the Abruzzo region of central Italy .
Nir Etzion ( Hebrew : נִיר עֶצִיוֹן , lit . Etzion Meadow ) is a religious moshav shitufi in northern Israel .
Bekkelaget is an area in the borough Nordstrand in Oslo , Norway .
Rud Avar ( Persian : روداور‎ , also Romanized as Rūd Āvar ; also known as Rood Av ) is a village in Hayaquq - e Nabi Rural District , in the Central District of Tuyserkan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Negoiu Peak ( Romanian : Vârful Negoiu pronounced ( neˈɡoju ) ) is a mountain peak in the Făgăraş Mountains of the Southern Carpathians , being located in Argeş County , Romania , with an elevation of 2,535 metres ( 8,317 ft ) .
MBK Center , also known as Mahboonkrong ( Thai : มาบุญครอง ) , is a large shopping mall in Bangkok , Thailand .
Zangi Kuh ( Persian : زنگي كوه‎ , also Romanized as Zangī Kūh ; also known as Dāgh Zangī and Dag - Zangi ) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu - e Bala Rural District , Qareh Poshtelu District , Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
In 1982 opened St Fergus Gas Plant , which receives and processes around 15 % of the United Kingdom gas demand from some 20 fields , is owned and operated by Total .
Darszyce ( darˈʂɨt͡sɛ ) ( German : Buchwald ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoty , within Gryfice County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Broad Left was a political faction within the National Union of Students of the United Kingdom ( NUS ) during the 1970s .
Longing for Dawn is a funeral doom metal band based in Montreal , Quebec , Canada signed to Grau Records .
Grigoriopol ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ɡriɡoriˈopol ) , Moldovan Cyrillic : Григориопол , Polish : Grigoriopol , Russian : Григорио́поль , Grigoriopolʹ , Ukrainian : Григоріо́поль , Hryhoriopolʹ ) is a town in Transnistria , Moldova .
Killofin ( Irish : Cill Lua Finn ) is a civil parish in County Clare in Ireland .
King William 's Town is a town in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa along the banks of the Buffalo River .
Leeson Street ( Irish : Sráid Líosain ) is a thoroughfare near central Dublin , Ireland .
Ayn Issa ( Arabic : ناحية عين عيسى‎ , Kurdish : Bozanê‎ ) is a town and nahiyah within the Tell Abyad District of ar - Raqqah Governorate in Syria .
Yaoundé ( US /ˌjɑːʊnˈdeɪ/ , UK /jɑːˈʊndeɪ , -ˈuːn-/ ; French pronunciation : ​(ja.unde ) ; German : Jaunde ) is the capital of Cameroon and , with a population of approximately 2.5 million , the second largest city in the country after the port city Douala .
San Francisco del Norte ( Spanish pronunciation : ( sam fɾanˈsisko ðel ˈnorte ) ) is a municipality in the Chinandega department of Nicaragua .
Situated in the former district of Lisbon , Torres Vedras is a strong agricultural region linked with its vineyards and intense commercial and industrial life , resulting in a dynamic pole in the western subregion of Portugal .
Santa Cecilia in Trastevere is a 5th - century church in Rome , Italy , in the Trastevere rione , devoted to the Roman martyr Saint Cecilia .
Shaykh Issa ( Arabic : الشيخ عيسى‎ , also spelled Sheikh ' Isa ) is a town in northern Syria , administratively part of the A'zaz District of Aleppo Governorate , located north of Aleppo .
The Edip Buran Arena ( Turkish : Edip Buran Spor Salonu ) , formerly Yenişehir Belediyesi Sports Hall ( Turkish : Yenişehir Belidyesi Spor Salonu ) , is a multi - sport indoor arena at Yenişehir district of Mersin , Turkey .
Gurab Zarmikh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان گوراب زرميخ‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Mirza Kuchek Janghli District , Sowme'eh Sara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Valu - mart ( styled as valu - mart ) is a chain of supermarkets based in Ontario , Canada .
La Pocatière is a town in the Kamouraska Regional County Municipality in the Bas - Saint - Laurent region of Quebec , Canada .
Dëshmorët e Kombit Boulevard ( English : Martyrs of the Nation Boulevard ) is a major boulevard of Tirana , Albania , built by Italian architects .
Leidschendam is a town and former municipality in the province of South Holland of the Netherlands .
Gmina Boleszkowice is a rural gmina ( administrative district ) in Myślibórz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , on the German border .
The Polar Line ( Norwegian : Polarbanen , German : Polarbahn ) is an incomplete and abandoned railway line which had run northwards from Fauske , Norway , to Narvik and , if finished , ultimately would have run 1,215 kilometers ( 755 mi ) to Kirkenes .
Aranui High School is a large secondary school for Years 9 - 13 , in Christchurch , New Zealand .
The Schwedenturm ( `` Sweden Tower '' ) in East Germany is a 35 m high rock formation made of sandstone in the hills of Saxon Switzerland near the spa town of Rathen and the famous Bastei rocks .
Ghela'elo Subregion ( Ghelalo Subregion ) is a subregion in the Northern Red Sea region ( Zoba Semienawi Keyih Bahri ) of Eritrea .
Panamalai ( Tamil : பனமலை ) lies 23 kilometers from Gingee , Vilupuram in Tamil Nadu , India .
Lough Mask ( Irish : Loch Measca ) is a limestone lough ( lake ) of 20,500 acres ( 83 km² ) in County Mayo , Ireland , north of Lough Corrib .
Lujiang County ( simplified Chinese : 庐江县 ; traditional Chinese : 廬江縣 ; pinyin : Lújiāng Xiàn ) is a county in Anhui Province , People 's Republic of China , under the jurisdiction of Hefei City .
Vujčići ( Serbian : Вујчићи ) is a village in the municipality of Brčko , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The United National Party , often abbreviated as UNP ( Sinhalese : එක්සත් ජාතික පක්ෂය , pronounced Eksath Jathika Pakshaya , Tamil : ஐக்கிய தேசியக் கட்சி ) , is a political party in Sri Lanka .
The 1990 UCI Road World Championships took place in Utsunomiya , Japan , from August 31 to September 2 , 1990 .
Minahasa Regency is a regency in North Sulawesi , Indonesia .
Potok pri Komendi ( pronounced ( ˈpɔːtɔk pɾi kɔˈmɛːndi ) ) is a small settlement next to Komenda in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Chamtu Kesh ( Persian : چمتوكش‎ , also Romanized as Chamtū Kesh ) is a village in Eshkevar - e Sofla Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Kavari ( Persian : كاواري‎ , also Romanized as Kāvārī ) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Pitticow River is a river in the north of the Unorganized Part of Kenora District in Northwestern Ontario , Canada .
Kalegauk Island is an island in Ye Township , Mon State , Burma ( Myanmar ) .
Kaarmise is a village in Lääne - Saare Parish , Saare County in western part of Estonia .
Shahdad District ( Persian : بخش شهداد‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Espoo railway station ( Finnish : Espoon rautatieasema , Swedish : Esbo järnvägstation ) is a railway station located in the district of Espoon keskus in the city of Espoo , Finland .
The Vàm Cỏ River ( sông Vàm Cỏ ) is a river in Vietnam , south of Ho Chi Minh City .
Mawlamyine District ( Burmese : မော်လမြိုင်ခရိုင် ) is a district of the Mon State in Myanmar .
The Dos Porcos River ( Bahia ) is in the Bahia state of eastern Brazil .
Chizarira National Park lies in Northern Zimbabwe .
Lasta ( Ge'ez : ላስታ lāstā ) is a historic district in north - central Ethiopia .
The German Agricultural Society ( Deutsche Landwirtschafts - Gesellschaft ) , commonly known as DLG , is an international non - profit organisation for agricultural industry in Germany .
Sungai Karas is a small Chinese New Village 华人新村 in Segamat District , Johor , Malaysia , 3 km south of Labis .
Mahya Dağı ( Bulgarian : Махиада , Mahiada ) ( 1031 m ) is a mountain peak in Turkey .
Gisundet is a strait in the municipality of Lenvik in Troms , Norway .
Sunshine Girl refers to pinup girls featured in most of the daily newspapers of the Sun chain in Canada .
Giles Conservation Park is a protected area located approximately 10 km ( 6.2 mi ) east of the Adelaide city centre in South Australia .
The Philippine Overseas Employment Administration ( POEA ) is an agency of the Government of the Philippines responsible for opening the benefits of the overseas employment program of the Philippines .
Gander Academy is an elementary school in Gander , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Malasa is a village in , Kanpur Dehat district , Uttar Pradesh India .
Rangitoto College is a state coeducational secondary school , located on the North Shore of Auckland , New Zealand .
Ust - Pakhachi Airport ( ICAO : UHPA ) is an airport in Koryak Okrug , Russia located 2kmW of Ust - Pakhachi .
Titson or Budd 's Titson is a hamlet in the parish of Marhamchurch , Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Mikun ( Russian : Ми́кунь ; Komi : Микунь ) is a town in Ust - Vymsky District of the Komi Republic , Russia , located 96 kilometers ( 60 mi ) north of Syktyvkar .
Karnal ( pronunciation or the Rice Bowl of India ) ; is a city located in the NCR ( National Capital Region ) and the headquarters of Karnal District in the Indian state of Haryana .
Rajakilpakkam is a suburban area of Chennai to the south of the city , near East Tambaram in Tamil Nadu , India .
The O'a Caldera , also known as Shala , is a volcanic caldera in Ethiopia .
Morne Diablotin National Park is a national park in the northern mountain ranges of Dominica , an island nation in the Caribbean .
Operating principle Kaukametsä Civic Centre is part of the educational division of the town of Kajaani in Finland .
Argha is a Market Center in Sandhikharka Municipality of Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal .
The Battle of Taegu was an engagement between UN and North Korean forces early in the Korean War , with fighting continuing from August 5 - -20 , 1950 around the city of Taegu , South Korea .
Kamieńc ( ˈkamjɛɲt͡s ) ( German : Kamenz Mühle ) is a former settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Borzytuchom , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Bauska District ( Latvian : Bauskas rajons ) was an administrative division of Latvia , located in Semigallia region , in the country 's centre .
Santa Mustiola is a village ( curazia ) in the middle of San Marino .
Davudak ( Persian : داودك‎ , also Romanized as Dāvūdak ; also known as Dābdak , Dābedak , and Dāndak ) is a village in Zalaqi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Besharat District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Hobol ( Croatian : Obolj , Obol , Oboj , Vobol ) is a village in Baranya county , Hungary .
McKay v R , ( 1965 ) S.C.R. 798 is an early election law decision of the Supreme Court of Canada on the constitutionality of laws that limited the erection of election signs .
Monte Plata is a municipality ( municipio ) and the capital of the Monte Plata province in the Dominican Republic .
Semiluki ( Russian : Семилуки ) is a town and the administrative center of Semiluksky District in Voronezh Oblast , Russia , located on the Don River .
Jolarpettai is a municipality town in Vellore district , Tamil Nadu , India upgraded to IInd grade municipality from October 2010 .
Andollu is a town in Vitoria - Gasteiz , located in the province of Álava , in the autonomous community of Basque Country , northern Spain .
Mutriku ( Spanish : Motrico ) is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country in northern Spain .
Dowleh Danlu ( Persian : دوله دانلو‎ , also Romanized as Dowleh Dānlū , Dowladānlū , Dowladānlu , and Dūledānlū ; also known as Dowlū ) is a village in Jirestan Rural District , Sarhad District , Shirvan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Wallace Barracks is a former German and U.S. Army installation in the Bad Cannstatt district of Stuttgart , Germany .
Lipniaki ( lipˈɲaki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kąkolewnica Wschodnia , within Radzyń Podlaski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Bacchiglione ( Latin : Medoacus Minor , `` Little Medoacus '' ) is a river that flows through northern Italy .
Bida Setar ( Persian : بيداستر‎ , also Romanized as Bīdā Setar ; also known as Bīd Setar ) is a village in Taftan - e Jonubi Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Westside Shopping and Leisure Centre , on the outskirts of Bern , Switzerland , is a multi - use facility with shops , restaurants , a swimming pool , conference spaces , residences , a hotel , fitness centres , and a cinema .
Gudenå or Gudenåen ( pronounced ( ˈɡuˀðn̩ˌɔːˀn̩ ) ) , is Denmark 's longest river and runs through the central parts of the Jutlandic peninsula .
Horsh Ehden is a Nature Reserve located in North Lebanon , it contains a particularly diverse and beautiful remnant forest of the cedar of Lebanon , making the reserve a very important part of the country 's cultural and natural heritage .
The Petén Basin is a geographical subregion of Mesoamerica , primarily located in the northern Guatemala within the Department of El Petén , and into Campeche state in southeastern Mexico .
The Castle of Pombal ( Portuguese : Castelo de Pombal ) , is a medieval castle in the civil parish of Pombal , municipality of the same name in the district of Leiria in the Centre region of Portugal .
The Vilayets ( Turkish pronunciation : ( vilaːˈjet ) ) of the Ottoman Empire were the first - order administrative division , or provinces , of the later empire , introduced with the promulgation of the Vilayet Law ( Turkish : Teşkil - i Vilayet Nizamnamesi ) of 21 January 1867 .
Blæsedalen ( Greenlandic : Itinneq Kangilleq ) is a large glacial valley on Disko Island , Western Greenland .
Beit Jann ( Arabic : بيت جن‎ ; Hebrew : בֵּיתּ גַ'ן ) is a Druze village on Mount Meron in northern Israel .
Oborniki ( ɔbɔrˈɲikʲi ) ( German : Obornik ) is a town in Poland , in Greater Poland Voivodeship , about 30 km north of Poznań .
The Shing Mun Tunnels are a system of tunnels and viaducts in the New Territories , Hong Kong connecting the new towns of Tsuen Wan to the west and Sha Tin to the east .
Sásd ( Croatian : Šaš ) is a town in Baranya county , Hungary .
The Crimean Federal District ( Russian : Кры́мский федера́льный о́круг ) is one of the nine federal districts of Russia .
Río Sereno , also known as Sereno , is a town and corregimiento in Renacimiento District , Chiriquí Province , Panama , close to the Costa Rica border .
The Zazzau , also known as the Zaria Emirate is a traditional state with headquarters in the city of Zaria , Kaduna State , Nigeria .
The Puerto Princesa Subterranean River National Park is a protected area of the Philippines located about 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) north of the city centre of Puerto Princesa , Palawan .
Spodnji Gaj pri Pragerskem ( pronounced ( ˈspoːdnji ˈɡaːi̯ pɾi ˈpɾaːɡɛɾskɛm ) ) is a small settlement just east of Pragersko in northeastern Slovenia .
San José de Ocoa is the capital of San José de Ocoa province in the Dominican Republic .
Blyvooruitzicht ( Dutch pronunciation : ( bleifʊər œyt zəxt ) ) is a gold - mining village in Gauteng , South Africa .
Gadom ( ˈɡadɔm ) ( German : Wildenhagen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golczewo , within Kamień County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Stolper See is a lake in Kreis Plön , Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Sadhora ( Ukrainian : Садгора ; Polish : Sadagóra ; Romanian : Sadagura ; Yiddish : סאדיגורא Sadigora‎ , also Sadagura and Sadiger ) is a settlement in Ukraine , now a microraion of Chernivtsi city , which is located 6 km from the city center .
The Ruahine Range is the largest of several mountain ranges in the North Island of New Zealand that form a ridge running parallel with the east coast of the island between East Cape and Wellington .
Les Vans ( in Occitan Los Vans ) commune in the Ardèche department in the Rhône - Alpes region of southern France .
German submarine U-517 was a Type IXC U - boat of the Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . She was laid down at the Deutsche Werft in Hamburg as yard number 313 on 24 September 1940 , launched on 30 December 1941 and commissioned on 21 March 1942 with Kapitänleutnant Paul Hartwig in command .
University of Benghazi ( Arabic : جامعة بنغازي‎ ) , formerly known as the Garyounis University , is a public university in Benghazi , Libya and it 's one of the most important institutes of higher education in Libya .
Virovsko ( Bulgarian : Вировско ) is a village in Vratsa Municipality , Vratsa Province , Bulgaria .
Izagre ( Spanish pronunciation : ( iˈθaɰɾe ) ) is a village and municipality located in the province of León , Castile and León , Spain .
Balabac Island is the southern - most island of the Palawan province in the Philippines , only about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) north from Sabah , Malaysia , across the Balabac Strait .
Qaret Zumaq is a small town in western Egypt .
Genterovci ( Hungarian : Göntérháza ) is a settlement north of Lendava in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia .
Santiago Yaitepec is a town and municipality in Oaxaca in south - western Mexico , two kilometers southeast of Santa Catarina Juquila .
For two hundred years Carton House estate was the finest example in Ireland of a Georgian - created parkland landscape .
Serra das Traíras is a mountain range in southern Tocantins , Brazil .
Mértola ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈmɛɾtulɐ ) ) is a town and a municipality in southeastern Portugal next to the Spanish border .
The Windsor City Hall is currently home to the Windsor City Council and office of the mayor in Windsor , Ontario , Canada .
Wyki ( ˈvɨki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozdrażew , within Krotoszyn County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Khani Abbas ( Persian : خاني عباس‎ , also Romanized as Khānī ʿAbbās ) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Gras is a commune in the Ardèche department in southern France .
Kokan Cooperative Housing Society is one of the neighborhoods of Gulshan Town in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Antalya Centennial Archery Field ( Turkish : Antalya 100 . Yıl Okçuluk Sahası ) is an archery field located in Antalya , Turkey .
The Sicán National Museum is a museum in Ferreñafe , Peru , which opened in 2004 .
Orto - Nakhara ( Russian : Орто-Нахара ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Orto - Nakharinsky Rural Okrug of Lensky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 67 kilometers ( 42 mi ) from Lensk , the administrative center of the district .
Marsa Matruh International Airport , former Mersa Matruh Airport ( Arabic : مطار مرسى مطروح الدولي‎ ) ( IATA : MUH , ICAO : HEMM ) , is an international airport in Mersa Matruh , Egypt .
Drzonów ( ( ˈdʐɔnuf ) , German : Schlesisch Drehnow , Sorbian : Drjenow ) is a village in western Poland , in the administrative district of Świdnica , within Zielona Góra County , Lubusz Voivodeship .
Stockholm Olympic Stadium ( Swedish : Stockholms Olympiastadion ) , most often called Stockholms stadion or just Stadion , is a stadium in Stockholm , Sweden .
Bøler is a south - eastern suburb of Oslo , Norway .
It is also likely that the Tolve area was abandoned after Hannibal 's arrival in southern Italy , as the first following traces of human presence date to the 1st century BC . Tolve is mentioned for the first time in the Lombard Edictum Rothari .
Stewart Crossing is a settlement in Yukon , Canada located on the Stewart River .
Monte Cornizzolo ( Insubric Curnisciöö ) is a mountain situated in the province of Lecco , Lombardy , northern Italy .
Nütschau Priory ( in German Kloster Nütschau or Priorat Sankt Ansgar ) is a house of the Benedictine Order located at Travenbrück near Bad Oldesloe , Stormarn , Schleswig - Holstein in Germany .
Betla National Park is a national park located in the Chota Nagpur Plateau of the Latehar district of the Indian state of Jharkhand , in India .
Ready Records was a small but influential independent record label based out of Toronto , Canada that signed a number of new wave and indie rock bands from the early to mid-1980s .
Veniše ( pronounced ( ʋɛˈniːʃɛ ) ) is a settlement southwest of Leskovec in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
Jarosławsko ( jarɔˈswafskɔ ) ( formerly German Gerzlow Nm ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pełczyce , within Choszczno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Great War Island ( Serbian : Велико ратно острво , Veliko ratno ostrvo ) is a river island in Belgrade , capital of Serbia .
Eberts Villaby ( literally `` Ebert 's Villa Town '' ) is an enclave of late 19th - century detached houses situated just off Amagerbrogade in the otherwise more dense Sundby district on Amager in Copenhagen , Denmark .
The Strait of Messina Bridge is a long - planned suspension bridge across the Strait of Messina , a narrow section of water between the eastern tip of Sicily and the southern tip of mainland Italy .
Foligno Cathedral ( Italian : Basilica Cattedrale di San Feliciano ; Duomo di Foligno ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral situated on the Piazza della Repubblica in the center of Foligno , Italy .
Khoun Kong Leng Lake , also Kong Leng Lake , is a lake of Khammouane Province , Laos , located roughly 30 miles north of Thakhek in the Phu Hin Pun foothills .
Xirosterni ( Greek : Ξηροστέρνι ) is a village and a community located in the Apokoronas region close to the northwest coast of the island of Crete , Greece , in Chania regional unit .
Shehyni ( Ukrainian : Шегині , Polish : Szechynie ) is a village of Mostyska Raion in Lviv Oblast of western Ukraine .
2001 India census , Kanakpur - Kansad had a population of 23567 .
Kantanos - Selino ( Greek : Κάντανος-Σέλινο ) is a municipality in Chania regional unit , Crete , Greece .
Haupiri is a locality in the West Coast region of New Zealand 's South Island .
The Karlsruhe Pyramid is a pyramid made of red sandstone , located in the centre of the market square of Karlsruhe , Germany .
Omuthiya Gwiipundi ( short : Omuthiya ) is the capital of Oshikoto Region in northern Namibia , situated approximately 10 kilometres ( 6.2 mi ) from Etosha National Park .
The A65 autoroute is a motorway in south west France .
Križišče ( pronounced ( kɾiˈʒiːʃtʃɛ ) ) is a small village in the Municipality of Sevnica in southeastern Slovenia .
Lapoutroie ( German : Schnierlach ; Welche : Lè Peutraille ) is a commune in the Haut - Rhin department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Parks Victoria is a government agency of the state of Victoria , Australia .
Cheshmeh Deraz ( Persian : چشمه دراز‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Derāz and Chashmeh Derāz ; also known as Kāni Darāz and Kānī Derāz ) is a village in Yeylan - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Dehgolan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Metropolitan Cathedral , Iași ( Romanian : Catedrala Mitropolitană din Iaşi ) , located at 16 Ștefan cel Mare și Sfânt Boulevard , Iaşi , Romania , is the seat of the Romanian Orthodox Archbishop of Iaşi and Metropolitan of Moldavia and Bukovina , and the largest Orthodox church in Romania .
Vanua Levu ( pronounced ( βaˈnua ˈleβu ) ) , formerly known as Sandalwood Island , is the second largest island of Fiji .
Stockholm Roller Derby ( STRD ) is a roller derby league based in Stockholm , Sweden .
The Subansiri Lower Dam , officially named Subansiri Lower Hydroelectric Project ( SLHEP ) , is an under construction gravity dam on the Subansiri River in NorthEastern India .
Excavations have identified Pereyaslavets with the village of Nufăru , Romania ( known as Prislav until 1968 ) , on the Sfântu Gheorghe branch of the Danube , just 11 km east of Tulcea .
Iesi Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield in central Italy , which was located near Jesi , in the province of Ancona in Marche .
The Hôtel d'Esmivy de Moissac ( a.k.a . Hôtel de Villars ) is a listed hôtel particulier in Aix - en - Provence , Bouches - du - Rhône , France .
Casa Felipó is a historical building in Andorra la Vella , Andorra .
St. Nicholas Church , Demre is an ancient Byzantine Church located in modern - day town of Demre Antalya Province , ( Southwest Turkey ) .
The Afghan Air Force ( AAF ; Pashto : دافغانستان هوائی ځواک ; Dari : قوای هوائی افغانستان ) , formerly the Afghan National Air Force , is a branch of the military of Afghanistan that is responsible for air defense and air warfare .
Berasb ( Persian : براسب‎ , also Romanized as Berāsb ) is a village in Margavar Rural District , Silvaneh District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Bay of Bangkok ( Thai : อ่าวกรุงเทพ , rtgs : Ao Krung Thep , Thai pronunciation : ( ʔàːw kruŋ tʰêːp ) ) , also known as the Bight of Bangkok , is the northernmost part of the Gulf of Thailand , roughly extending from Hua Hin to the west and Sattahip to the east .
Dasht - e Sefa ( Persian : دشت صفا‎ , also Romanized as Dasht - e Şefā ) is a village in Berentin Rural District , Bikah District , Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Załuski - Lipniewo ( zaˈwuski lipˈɲevɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrzejewo , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Karuji ( Persian : كروجي‎ , also Romanized as Karūjī ) is a village in Esmailabad Rural District , in the Central District of Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Kampung Pangaleh is a settlement in the Lawas division of Sarawak , Malaysia .
Los Mártires ( Spanish : The Martyrs ) is the 14th locality of Bogotá , capital of Colombia .
Maszewo ( maˈʂɛvɔ ) ( German : Massow ) is a town in Goleniów County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , Poland , with 3,062 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Silampari Airport ( IATA : LLG , ICAO : WIPB ) is an airport located in Lubuk Linggau , Musi Rawas Regency , South Sumatra , Indonesia .
Tombelaine is a small tidal island off the coast of Normandy in France .
Las Victorias National Park is located in Alta Verapaz , Guatemala , on the north - western outskirts of the city of Cobán ( 15.477182 ° N 90.381775 ° W ) .
Gorenje Jesenice ( German : Oberjessenitz ) is a village in the Municipality of Šentrupert in southeastern Slovenia .
Tiyani is a village situated on the banks of the Middle Letaba Dam in the Hlanganani District of the former Gazankulu homeland and currently form part of the Vhembe District Municipality in the Limpopo province of South Africa .
Hoseynabad - e Rowshanabad ( Persian : حسين اباد روشن اباد‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Rowshanābād ; also known as Ḩoseynābād ) is a village in Dehdasht - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Modjadjiskloof , also known by its pre-2004 name Duiwelskloof ( Afrikaans for Devil 's Gorge ) is a small town situated at the foot of the escarpment in the Limpopo province of South Africa .
The Athens Stock Exchange or ASE or ATHEX ( Greek : Χρηματιστήριο Αθηνών or ΧΑΑ ) is a stock exchange located in Athens , Greece .
Belinea monitors were market leader in Germany .
Steinbach am Attersee is a municipality of the Vöcklabruck district in the Austrian state of Upper Austria .
Emerald Hill Cricket Ground ( also known as the Melbourne Cricket Club Ground and South Yarra Ground ) was a cricket ground in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Laguna Celeste is a lake of Bolivia in the Sur Lípez Province , Potosí Department .
Mount Tabor ( Hebrew : הַר תָּבוֹר , Modern Har Tavor , Tiberian Har Tāḇôr , Arabic : جبل الطور , Jabal aṭ - Ṭūr ) is located in Lower Galilee , Israel , at the eastern end of the Jezreel Valley , 11 miles ( 18 km ) west of the Sea of Galilee .
Bovino Cathedral ( Italian : Concattedrale di Santa Maria Assunta ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Bovino , region of Apulia , Italy .
The Harz Narrow Gauge Railways ( German : Harzer Schmalspurbahnen ) or HSB is a network of 1,000 mm ( 3 ft 3 3⁄8 in ) metre gauge railways in the Harz mountains , in central Germany ( formerly East Germany ) .
The Olkaria III Geothermal Power Station , also known as the Olkaria III Geothermal Power Plant is the largest geothermal power plant in Kenya , having an installed electric capacity of 110 MW .
Ostereidet Church ( Norwegian : Ostereidet kyrkje ) is a parish church in Lindås municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
The Seletar Expressway ( Abbreviation : SLE ) is a highway in Singapore that traverses the northern end of the island and joins the Central Expressway ( CTE ) and Tampines Expressway ( TPE ) in Seletar to the Bukit Timah Expressway ( BKE ) in Kranji .
Marassana is a village which given accommodation to the King Sri Wickrama Rajasinghe who ran away secretly due to enemies attack in ( ( Sri Lanka ) formerly known as Ceylon ) .
The Chasseral is the fourth most topographically isolated mountain of Switzerland , although it is the first when considering only easily accessible summits .
Zbure ( pronounced ( ˈzbuːɾɛ ) ; German : Swur ) is a village in the Municipality of Šmarješke Toplice in southeastern Slovenia .
Stora Hammar Old Church ( Swedish : Stora Hammars gamla kyrka ) is a medieval Lutheran church in south - western Scania , Sweden .
The Minaret of Jam is a UNESCO World Heritage Site in western Afghanistan .
K. International School Tokyo ( KIST , Kインターナショナルスクール東京 K Intānashonaru Sukūru Tōkyō ) is a K-12 secular international school in Tokyo , Japan , founded in 1997 .
Collegium Civitas is a university located in Warsaw , the capital of Poland .
Empordà ( Catalan pronunciation : ( əmpurˈða ) ) is a natural and historical region of Catalonia , Spain , divided since 1936 into two comarques , Alt Empordà and Baix Empordà .
Paspébiac is a city on Baie des Chaleurs in the Gaspésie region of eastern Quebec , Canada .
Maria Alm am Steinernen Meer is a municipality in the district of Zell am See , in the state of Salzburg in Austria .
The Goiana River is a river in Pernambuco state of northeastern Brazil .
Zuxul ( also , Tsukhul '' and Zukhul ) is a village and municipality in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Greater Tokyo Area is the most populous metropolitan area in the world , consisting of the Kantō region of Japan , including the Tokyo Metropolis , as well as the prefecture of Yamanashi .
St. Emmeram 's Abbey ( Kloster Sankt Emmeram or Reichsabtei Sankt Emmeram ) , now known as Schloss Thurn und Taxis , Schloss St. Emmeram , and St. Emmeram 's Basilica , was a Benedictine monastery founded in about 739 in Regensburg in Bavaria ( modern southern Germany ) at the grave of the itinerant Frankish bishop Saint Emmeram .
Corazón de Jesús Airport ( IATA : CZJ ) is an airport serving Corazón de Jesús , in Panama .
Villa Flora is an electoral parish ( parroquia electorale urban ) or district of Quito , Ecuador .
Vicenza Cathedral ( Italian : Cattedrale di Santa Maria Annunziata , Duomo di Vicenza ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Vicenza , Veneto , northern Italy .
Rurrenabaque is a small town in the North of Bolivia on the Beni River .
Khorgam District ( Persian : بخش خورگام‎‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Rudbar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Centennial College of Applied Arts and Technology is a diploma and degree granting college located in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
The Chester Beatty Library was established in Dublin , Ireland in 1950 , to house the collections of mining magnate , Sir Alfred Chester Beatty .
Navdi ( Persian : نوده ‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Oued Melliz is a town and commune in the Jendouba Governorate in Tunisia .
The People 's Liberation Army took control of Luzhou on December 6 , 1949 from the Kuomintang government , two months after the founding of the People 's Republic of China .
Lalibela is a town in northern Ethiopia famous for monolithic rock - cut churches .
Leucate is on the Mediterranean coast of France .
Đurđevo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ђурђево ) is a village located in the Žabalj municipality , in the South Bačka District of Serbia .
The Kapudan Pasha ( Ottoman Turkish : قپودان پاشا‎ , modern : Kaptan Paşa ) , was the commander - in - chief of the navy of the Ottoman Empire .
Ho Tung Gardens , also known by its Cantonese name ' Hiu Kok Yuen ' , was a villa on the Peak , Hong Kong , China .
The Vonda Rink is a designated municipal historic property in Vonda , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Afidnes ( Greek : Αφίδνες , Ancient Greek : Ἄφιδνα or Ἀφίδναι , from the Middle Ages until 1919 : Κιούρκα - Kiourka ) is a small town in East Attica , Greece .
The Parti Bersatu Sabah ( PBS , or United Sabah Party ) is a political party in Sabah , Malaysia .
Qahrabad - e Olya ( Persian : قهرآباد علیا‎‎ , also Romanized as Qahrābād - e Olyā ; also known as Qahrābād ) is a village in Torjan Rural District , in the Central District of Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Rabwah ( Urdu , Punjabi : ربوہ ) , official name Chenab Nagar ( Urdu : چناب نگر‎ ) , is a city in District Chiniot in the province of Punjab , Pakistan .
Gyemyeongsan is a mountain located in Chungju , North Chungcheong Province , South Korea .
She'eb is a town in the Northern Red Sea region of Eritrea .
Yugo - Zapad Municipal Okrug ( Russian : муниципа́льный о́круг Ю́го-За́пад ) or South - West Municipal Okrug , formerly called Municipal Okrug # 37 ( муниципа́льный о́круг № 37 ) , is a municipal okrug of Krasnoselsky District of the federal city of St. Petersburg , Russia .
Az Zulfi ( also Zulfi , Zulfy City or Al Zulfi or Az Zilfi ) is a city in Riyadh Province in central Saudi Arabia , about 260 kilometres northwest of Riyadh .
Andalgalá is a city in the west - center of the province of Catamarca , Argentina , located in a valley near the Sierra de Aconquija , 260 km from the provincial capital San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca .
The Rocky Mountains Park Act was enacted on June 23 , 1887 , by the Parliament of Canada , establishing Banff National Park which was then known as `` Rocky Mountains Park '' .
Koraro is a village in north Ethiopia 's Tigray Region , located in the Hawzen woreda , near Hawzen , in a cluster of 11 villages with a total of 55,000 residents .
San Antonio de las Vueltas , also known as Vueltas , is a village and consejo popular ( `` people 's council '' , i.e. hamlet ) in central northern Cuba , belonging to the municipality of Camajuaní , Villa Clara Province .
Belemedik is small village in Adana Province , Turkey .
Risan ( pronounced ( rîsan ) , Serbian Cyrillic : Рисан , Albanian : Rizoni , Italian : Risano ) is a town in the Bay of Kotor , Montenegro .
Hamish Hay Bridge ( also known as Victoria Street Bridge ; previously Victoria Bridge and initially variably Papanui Bridge and Market Place Bridge ) is located in Victoria Square , Christchurch , New Zealand .
Gorbah Dan ( Persian : گربه دان‎ , also Romanized as Gorbah Dān , Gorbahedān , and Gorbehdān ) is a village in Ramkan Rural District , in the Central District of Qeshm County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Mojaver ( Persian : مجاور‎ , also Romanized as Mojāver ; also known as Mījāver ) is a village in Kongor Rural District , in the Central District of Kalaleh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Deer Park Junior and Senior Public School is a school located in the neighbourhood of Deer Park in Toronto , Canada .
Many leading banks are located in Gozaria eg . State Bank of India at Main bazar Bank of Baroda at Tower umia mata temple Gozaria Nagrik Sahkari Bank at Main bazar Bank of India at highway ( Dena Bank ) At Gozaria to Gandhinagar Highway There are some atm available
Slavkov u Brna ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈslafkof ˈu br̩na ) , i.e. Slavkov by Brno ; historically known as Austerlitz ) is a country town east of Brno in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic .
Kohila ( formerly also Kapa - Kohila , German : Koil , Kappakoil ) is a borough ( Estonian : alev ) in Rapla County , northern Estonia .
Nowe Sadłowo ( ˈnɔvɛ sadˈwɔvɔ ) ( German : Neusedlau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin , within Rypin County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The New Luika Gold Mine is an active mine in the Lupa Gold Field , an area of about 2,600 square kilometres ( 1,000 sq mi ) in south west Tanzania , north of Mbeya , that is known for its gold deposits .
Bilakhiya Stadium or G. M. Bilakhia Cricket stadium is a cricket ground in Vapi , India .
Kani Danial ( Persian : كاني دانيال‎ , also Romanized as Kānī Dānīāl ; also known as Kānī Dānīār ) is a village in Dasht - e Hor Rural District , in the Central District of Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Vujan ( Serbian Cyrillic : Вујан ) is a mountain in central Serbia , near the town of Gornji Milanovac .
Reddiyur is a village in the Yelagiri Hills near Jolarpet , India .
Far Eastern University ( FEU ) ( PSE : FEU ) in the University Belt area , West Sampaloc , City of Manila , is a nonsectarian , private university in the Philippines .
Lawngtlai is the district headquarters of Lawngtlai district in the state of Mizoram in India .
Four Mile Bay is a bay on Trout Lake in the city of North Bay , Nipissing District in Northeastern Ontario , Canada .
Galgisan is a mountain located in Yangpyeong County , Gyeonggi Province , and Hongcheon County , Gangwon Province , South Korea .
Chhalesar is a village in the block and nagar panchayat of Jawan Sikandarpur , Aligarh district in Northern India .
Pian Rural District ( Persian : دهستان پيان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
North Hsinchu Station ( Chinese : 北新竹車站 ; pinyin : Běi Xīnzhú Chēzhàn ) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration ( TRA ) Western Line of Northern Section and Neiwan Line located in East District , Hsinchu City , Taiwan .
Emuruangogolak is an active shield volcano straddling the Gregory Rift in Kenya , in Eastern Africa .
Christmas Island Airport ( IATA : XCH , ICAO : YPXM ) is an airport located on Christmas Island , a territory of Australia in the Indian Ocean .
Lotto 6/49 is one of two national lottery games in Canada .
Zolochiv Castle was a residence of the Sobieski noble family on a hill at the confluence of two small rivers in the south - eastern part of Zolochiv , Galicia ( now part of Ukraine 's Lviv Oblast ) .
Tikveš ( Macedonian : Тиквеш ) is a plain situated in central Republic of Macedonia which is known for an artificial lake .
Moradabad Nurali ( Persian : مرادآباد نورعلي‎ , also Romanized as Morādābād Nūrʿalī ; also known as Morādābād ) is a village in Nurabad Rural District , in the Central District of Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Graiseljići ( Serbian Cyrillic : Граисељићи ) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Kopothakho River ( Sanskrit ) , or Kobodak ( Bengali : কপোতাক্ষ নদী ) , Kabadak , or Kapotaksma , is a river of Bangladesh .
The Taipa River is a river of the northern Northland Region of New Zealand 's North Island .
Magwi or Magwe is a town in South Sudan
Dečno Selo ( pronounced ( ˈdeːtʃnɔ ˈsɛːlɔ ) ; Slovene : Dečno selo , in older sources also Dečna Sela , German : Detschnasela ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia .
Dedza is the main township of Dedza District in the Central Region of Malawi .
Hoseynabad - e Ghinab ( Persian : حسين ابادغيناب‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Ghīnāb ; also known as Ḩasanābād , Ḩoseynābād , Ḩoseynābād - e Ghīāb , and Husainābād ) is a village in Momenabad Rural District , in the Central District of Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
TransAdelaide was a publicly owned corporation which provided suburban train and tram services in Adelaide , South Australia , under contract to the Government of South Australia .
Restronguet Creek is a tidal ria in south Cornwall , United Kingdom .
Darivar ( Persian : دريوار‎ , also Romanized as Darīvār ) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District , Gafr and Parmon District , Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The parish of Port of Menteith , area 7226 hectares , had a resident population of 768 in the United Kingdom Census 2001 , down from 884 in 1991 .
Jambyl Region ( Kazakh : Жамбыл облысы , Jambıl oblısı ) is a region of Kazakhstan .
The Lula oil field ( formerly Tupi oil field ) is a large oil field located in the Santos Basin , 250 kilometres ( 160 mi ) off the coast of Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
Gampaha District ( Sinhalese : ගම්පහ දිස්ත්‍රික්කය gampaha distrikkaya , Tamil : கம்பகா மாவட்டம் Kampakā Māvaṭṭam ) is one of the 25 districts of Sri Lanka , the second level administrative division of the country .
Diourbel ( Serer : Jurbel , Wolof : Njaaréem ) is a town in Senegal lying east of Thiès .
Shiravand Naveh ( Persian : شيراوند ناوه‎‎ , also Romanized as Shīrāvand Nāveh ; also known as Shīrāvand and Nāveh Shīrāvand ) is a village in Gol Gol Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Pirahni ( Persian : پيره ني‎ , also Romanized as Pīrahnī ; also known as Pareh Ney ) is a village in Sanjabad - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Kowsar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Górki Średnie ( ˈɡurki ˈɕrɛdɲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Beylikdüzü is a district in the European suburbs of Istanbul , Turkey , located north of the Sea of Marmara , south of Esenyurt , east of Büyükçekmece , and west of Avcılar .
Mexican Sign Language ( `` lengua de señas mexicana '' or LSM , also known by several other names ) , is the language of the Deaf community in the urban regions of Mexico .
Azay - le - Rideau ( pronounced : ( azɛ lə ʁido ) ) is a commune in the Indre - et - Loire department in central France .
Kraśniczyn ( kraɕˈnit͡ʂɨn ) is a village in Krasnystaw County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Lyakhsh ( Persian : لَخش ‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Quintin Castle is a castle situated in County Down , Northern Ireland , United Kingdom , about 4 kilometres ( 2.5 mi ) east of Portaferry .
The municipality of Foča - Ustikolina is one of three municipalities forming the Bosnian Podrinje Canton in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Haltiala ( Finnish ) , Tomtbacka ( Swedish ) is a northwestern neighborhood of Helsinki , Finland .
Mahmeleh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان محمله‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Mahmeleh District , Khonj County , Fars Province , Iran .
Netiv HaLamed - Heh ( Hebrew : נְתִיב הַל``ה , lit . Path of the 35 ) is a kibbutz in central Israel .
Bagh - e Shur ( Persian : باغ شور‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Shūr ) is a village in Kaki Rural District , Kaki District , Dashti County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Tritaki ( Greek : Τριτάκη ) is a neighbourhood in the city of Patras , Achaea , Greece .
Velykyi Kuchuriv ( Ukrainian : Великий Кучурів ; Romanian : Cuciurul Mare ) is a commune ( selsoviet ) in Storozhynets Raion , Chernivtsi Oblast , Ukraine .
Haraze often known as Am Harazé or Haraze Mangueigne is a town and capital of the Haraze Mangueigne Department in the Salamat Region of eastern Chad .
Jigme Singye Wangchuck National Park ( formerly Black Mountains National Park ) covers an area of 1,730 square kilometres ( 670 sq mi ) in central Bhutan .
The University of Montpellier ( French : Université de Montpellier ) is a French public research university in Montpellier in south - east of France .
Anglo Urdu Boys ' High School , Pune , India , is one of the oldest Urdu- and English - language schools in the city .
The Peerage of England comprises all peerages created in the Kingdom of England before the Act of Union in 1707 .
Drmanovina ( Serbian Cyrillic : Дрмановина ) is a mountain in western Serbia , near the town of Kosjerić .
Sagban ( Persian : سگبان ‎ , also Romanized as Sagbān ; also known as Seyvan and Sīvān ) is a village in Mishab - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Marand County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Elvian School was an independent school in Reading , Berkshire , United Kingdom run by the Licensed Trade Charity as a co - educational , non - denominational Christian school .
The Toga Dam is a gravity dam on the Togagawa River ( a tributary of the Shō River ) near Omaki village about 11 km ( 6.8 mi ) southeast of Shogawa in Toyama Prefecture , Japan .
The Humshaugh camp saw 30 invested Boy Scouts from around the United Kingdom who were members of recognised Scout Troops who followed the Scout Method and Scout Law as developed by Baden - Powell and published in his Scouting for Boys .
Dečkovo Naselje ( Slovene : Dečkovo naselje ) is a district ( mestna četrt ) and a neighborhood of the city of Celje in Slovenia .
Ručetna Vas ( pronounced ( ˈɾuːtʃɛtna ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Ručetna vas , German : Rutschetendorf ) is a settlement north of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Avdat ( Hebrew : עבדת‎ , from Arabic : عبدة‎ , Abdah ) , also known as Abdah and Ovdat and Obodat , is a site of a ruined Nabataean city in the Negev desert in southern Israel .
The Riverland Biosphere Reserve , formerly the Bookmark Biosphere Reserve , is a 9,000 square kilometres ( 3,500 sq mi ) area of land in eastern South Australia , adjoining the states of New South Wales and Victoria .
Les Tours Lépine ( also known as The Lépine Towers or Le 1200 Ouest de Maisonneuve ) are twin skyscrapers located at 1200 de Maisonneuve Boulevard in the Golden Square Mile neighbourhood of Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Ons ' Lieve Heer op Solder ( English : Our Lord in the Attic ) is a 17th - century canal house , house church , and museum in the city center of Amsterdam , The Netherlands .
Tranan ( English : The Crane ) is a steel suspended roller coaster at the Skara Sommarland amusement park in Sweden .
Nameh Shir Rural District ( Persian : دهستان نمه شير‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Namshir District , Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Grisuela del Páramo is a village belonging to the Bustillo del Páramo municipality , province of León , Castile and León , Spain .
Nooriabad is an industrial town in Jamshoro District of Sindh , Pakistan .
Lac d'Arvouin is a lake south of Cornettes de Bise in the Haute - Savoie region of France .
Khartoum International Airport ( IATA : KRT , ICAO : HSSS ) is an airport in Khartoum , the capital of Sudan .
Jois ( Hungarian : Nyulas ) is a small town in the district of Neusiedl am See in Burgenland in Eastern Austria .
Szczecin ( /ˈʃtʃɛtʃɪn/ ; Polish pronunciation : ( ˈʂt͡ʂɛt͡ɕin ) ; German : Stettin , Swedish : Stettin known also by other alternative names ) is the capital city of the West Pomeranian Voivodeship in Poland .
Orzysz ( ˈɔʐɨʂ ) ( German : Arys , Lithuanian : Arys ) is a town in Pisz County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , Poland , with 7,512 inhabitants ( 2007 ) .
Amden is a municipality in the Wahlkreis ( constituency ) of See - Gaster , in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland .
The Municipality of Cerkvenjak ( pronounced ( tsɛɾkʋɛˈnjaːk ) ; Slovene : Občina Cerkvenjak ) is a municipality in northeastern Slovenia .
Warming Land is a peninsula in northern Greenland , bounded by St George Fjord and Sherard Osborn Fjord .
Ahvenisto Race Circuit ( Finnish : Ahveniston moottorirata ) is a motorsport race track located in Hämeenlinna , Finland .
Skeleton Lake Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CPQ7 ) , is located 5 nautical miles ( 9.3 km ; 5.8 mi ) west northwest of Skeleton Lake , Ontario , Canada .
Giriloyo is a locality and graveyard in the Wukirsari valley north east of Imogiri , in southern Central Java or the Yogyakarta region , Indonesia .
Marecka Kolej Dojazdowa ( English : Marki Commuter Railway ) was a narrow gauge railway in Poland connecting Warsaw with Marki and Radzymin active from 1896 to 1974 .
Babczyzna ( bapˈt͡ʂɨzna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrówek , within Lubartów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The County of Merivale is a county located on the southern boundary of the state of Queensland , Australia .
Kharkov Governorate ( Ха́рьковская губе́рния ) was a governorate of the Russian Empire originally founded in 1835 .
Narayanpur district ( Hindi : नारायणपुर जिला ) is one of the 27 districts of Chhattisgarh State in Central India .
Turua is a small village community located on the banks of the Waihou River in the Hauraki Plains , southeast of Auckland in the North Island of New Zealand .
The Padang Besar railway station has Malaysia 's only integrated customs , immigration and quarantine facility for Malaysia and Thailand and rail passengers are processed for exiting Malaysia and entering Thailand ( or vice versa if traveling the other direction ) in the station .
Sela Church ( Norwegian : Sela fjellkirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Verran in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Chom Chaeng ( Thai : จอมเเจ้ง ) is a village 18 kilometers east of the provincial capital Nong Khai in Nong Khai Province , Thailand .
Raków Częstochowa is a Polish football club based in Częstochowa , in southern Poland .
Yekhelqan ( Persian : يخلقان‎ , also Romanized as Yekhelqān ) is a village in Chaybasar - e Shomali Rural District , Bazargan District , Maku County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Westfield Parramatta is a shopping centre in Parramatta , a city suburb of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Mousouroi ( Greek : Μουσούροι ) is a former municipality in the Chania regional unit , Crete , Greece .
The Chase Aircraft Company , founded in 1943 , was an aircraft manufacturer of the United States of America , primarily constructing gliders and military transport aircraft .
The Angel Glacier flows down the north face of Mount Edith Cavell in Jasper National Park , Canada .
Mbarara University School of Medicine ( MUSM ) , also known as Mbarara University Medical School ( MUMS ) is the school of medicine of Mbarara University of Science and Technology , one of Uganda 's public universities .
Pla de Mallorca is a comarca ( county ) in the middle of the Majorca island , Balearic Islands , Spain .
Geronthres ( Greek : Γερόνθρες , ancient Geronthrae ) is a former municipality in Laconia , Peloponnese , Greece .
The 2012 Úrvalsdeild ( also known as the `` Pepsi - deild '' for sponsorship reasons ) is the 101st season of top - tier football in Iceland .
The Middelplaats mine is a mine located in the west of South Africa in Northern Cape .
Rechnitz ( Croatian : Rohunac , Hungarian : Rohonc , Rohoncz , Prekmurian : Rohunc , Romani : Rochonca ) is a municipality in Burgenland in the Oberwart district in Austria .
Armenio ( Greek : Αρμένιο ) is a village , a former municipality and an ancient city in the Larissa regional unit , Thessaly , Greece .
Hraunhafnartangi is the northernmost point of mainland Iceland .
Medical Intelligence is a Canadian TV show hosted by Terri Michael ( currently replacing longtime host Jacqueline Hennessy , who is on maternity leave ) that has aired on G4techTV Canada , Rogers TV , and MSNBC since March 2003 .
Pump Station 3 Airport is a small airport in the oil complex of Pump Station 3 in the Eastern Province of Saudi Arabia .
Talas Airport ( Kyrgyz : Талас аэропорту , Russian : Таласский аэропорт ) ( IATA : none ( ТЛС ) , ICAO : UAFT ) is an airport serving Talas , a town in Talas Province ( oblast ) of Kyrgyzstan .
According to the 2011 census of India , the area administered by the Uthiramerur town panchayat has a population of 25,194 , including 12,569 males and 12,625 females .
Middlebury to Her Soldiers is a public artwork by American artists Marshall Jones and Seward Jones , located on the triangle between Merchant 's Row and South Pleasant Street in Middlebury , VT , United States of America .
Y Gaer ( Latin : Cicucium ) is a Roman fort situated near modern - day Brecon in Mid Wales , United Kingdom .
Limini is a small village in northwestern Greece .
Debercsény is a village and municipality in the comitat of Nógrád , Hungary .
The Ward Observatory is an astronomical observatory in Whanganui , New Zealand .
Chogha Bonut ( Persian Choghā bonut ) is an archaeological site in south - western Iran , located in the Khuzistan Province ( Susiana Plain ) .
Greek National Road 6 ( Greek : Εθνική Οδός 6 , abbreviated as EO6 ) is a national road in north - central Greece .
Shangrilá is a coastal resort or residential neighbourhood of the Ciudad de la Costa in the Canelones of Uruguay .
Vikramkhol also spelled Bikramkhol is a prehistoric archaeological site located near Jharsuguda , Odisha state , India and lies in Reserved Forest of Belpahar range , at a distance of 12 k.m .
Shatin Tsung Tsin Secondary School ( Chinese : 沙田崇真中學 ) is a grammar school in Tai Wai , Sha Tin District , Hong Kong .
Fort Ruychaver , also Fort Ruijghaver , was a Dutch trading post in the hinterland of the Gold Coast , in contemporary Ghana .
Kleinsee Airport or Kleinzee Airport ( IATA : KLZ , ICAO : FAKZ ) is an airport serving Kleinzee ( also spelled Kleinsee ) , a town in the Northern Cape province in South Africa .
Mirgor became SEVEL 's supplier of auto air conditioners , beginning with the Peugeot 504 manufactured in Argentina at the time .
Céüse ( French : Montagne de Céüse ) is a mountain in the Hautes - Alpes département of France , elevation 2016 m. It is situated in the territories of the communes of Manteyer , Pelleautier and Châteauneuf - d'Oze .
The Skovshoved Petrol Station ( Danish : Skovshoved Tankstation ) is a historic , still - operating filling station in Skovshoved at the northern outskirts of Copenhagen , Denmark .
The Military Demarcation Line ( MDL ) , sometimes referred to as the Armistice Line , is the land border or demarcation line between North Korea and South Korea .
Ķoņi parish ( Latvian : Ķoņu pagasts ) is an administrative unit of Naukšēni Municipality , Latvia .
Black Forest Airport ( IATA : LHA , ICAO : EDTL ) is a privately owned and operated commercial airport located in Lahr , Germany , which itself is located in the eponymous Black Forest .
Inayat Qilla ( Inayat Killi ) is the second largest trading town in Bajaur Agency , of Pakistan .
Niambit ( Persian : نيام بيت‎ , also Romanized as Nīāmbīt ; also known as Nāmbīt ) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Bonaero Park is a southeastern suburb of Kempton Park , Ekurhuleni , in Gauteng province , South Africa .
Mehan Garden is an open space in Manila , Philippines .
The Arena das Dunas ( `` Dunes Arena '' ) is a football stadium in Natal , Brazil .
Arkadak ( Russian : Аркада́к ) is a town and the administrative center of Arkadaksky District in Saratov Oblast , Russia , located on the Bolshoy Arkadak River near its confluence with the Khopyor , 248 kilometers ( 154 mi ) west of Saratov , the administrative center of the oblast .
According to the United Kingdom Census 2001 , Fishguard had 3,193 inhabitants and 1,465 households .
Osmond Memorial Church , previously it was known as Wesleyan Methodist Church is a Church located at 56 , S. N. Banerjee Road , Taltola , Kolkata , West Bengal , India .
Long Anap is a longhouse and settlement in the Marudi division of Sarawak , Malaysia .
Mont - Tremblant / Lac Ouimet Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CST9 ) , was located on Lac Ouimet near Mont - Tremblant , Quebec , Canada .
Members of the Calvi di Bergolo line include General Giorgio Carlo Calvi di Bèrgolo ( 1887 - -1977 ) , consort of Princess Yolanda of Savoy , sister of Umberto II , the last king of Italy ;
The German Swiss International School ( GSIS ) is an international school in Hong Kong established in 1969 by German and Swiss families looking for a bilingual German - English education in an international setting .
The South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation Secretariat is a complex located in Kathmandu , the state capital of Nepal .
The Journal Pioneer is a daily newspaper published Mondays through Saturdays in Summerside , Prince Edward Island , Canada .
Elderslie Station , also known as Elderslie , is a pastoral lease that operates as a sheep and cattle station in Queensland , Australia .
Poi - dong is a former neighbourhood , dong of Gangnam - gu in Seoul , South Korea until December 31 , 2007 .
Kilnasoolagh ( Irish : Cill Átha na Súileach ) is a civil parish in County Clare , Ireland , and a townland within that parish .
Alénya ( Catalan : Alenyà ) is a commun in the Pyrénées - Orientales department in southern France .
The Reform Party of Ontario ( RPO ) ( PRO ; French : Parti Réformiste de l'Ontario ) is a deregistered political party in Ontario , Canada .
Al - Assad Military Academy ( Arabic : أكاديمية الأسد للهندسة العسكرية‎ ) , also known as the Academy of Military Engineering is a military educational and tranining institution in Aleppo , Syria .
Harøy Church ( Norwegian : Harøy kyrkje ) is a parish church in Sandøy Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Thermopylae ( /θərˈmɒpɨliː/ ; Ancient and Katharevousa Greek : Θερμοπύλαι ( tʰermopýlai ) , Demotic : Θερμοπύλες ( θermoˈpiles ) : `` hot gates '' ) is a place in Greece where a narrow coastal passage existed in antiquity .
Mazraeh - ye Asgariyeh ( Persian : مزرعه عسگريه‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye ʿAsgarīyeh ) is a village in Emamzadeh Aqaali Abbas Rural District , Emamzadeh District , Natanz County , Isfahan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Kossowa ( kɔsˈsɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnica , within Wadowice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Jøssund Church ( Norwegian : Jøssund kirke ) is a church in the municipality of Bjugn in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Arena Lublin is a football stadium located in Lublin , Poland .
Natashquan ( Lac de l'Avion ) Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CSY8 ) , is a private airport located 2.5 nautical miles ( 4.6 km ; 2.9 mi ) southeast of Natashquan , Quebec , Canada .
Lega Nord Trieste ( English : Northern League Trieste ) was a regionalist political party in Italy .
Tornagaleones River ( Spanish : Río Tornagaleones ) is a river and eastuarine channel in Los Ríos Region , Chile .
Baghdada ( Urdu : بغدادہ‎)(Pashto:بغدادہ ) is a town of Mardan District in the Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan .
Ganja International Airport ( Azerbaijani : Gəncə Beynəlxalq Hava Limanı ) ( IATA : KVD , ICAO : UBBG ) is an airport serving Ganja ( also known as Gyandzha ) , the second - largest city in Azerbaijan .
Cheduba Island ( Burmese : မာန်အောင်ကျွန်း ; also known as Manaung Island ) is an island in the Bay of Bengal close to Ramree Island and belongs to Myanmar , formerly Burma .
Khani Beyk ( Persian : خاني بيك‎ , also Romanized as Khānī Beyḵ ) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District , in the Central District of Nazarabad County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Barðsneshorn is the extreme end of Barðsnes in the east of Iceland .
Bayil ( Azerbaijani : Bayıl ; also known as Bailovo ) is a settlement in Baku , Azerbaijan .
Ścinawa Nyska ( ɕt͡ɕiˈnava ˈnɨska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korfantów , within Nysa County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Dahaneh Morghak ( Persian : دهنه مرغك‎ ; also known as Dahaneh and Dahneh ) is a village in Deh Bakri Rural District , in the Central District of Bam County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Debre Berhan or Birhan , formerly spelled Debra - Berhan or Bernam , is a city and woreda in central Ethiopia .
The Coastal cliffs between Porto Mosquito and Baia do Inferno Important Bird Area lies on the island of Santiago in the Cape Verde archipelago off the coast of north - west Africa in the Atlantic Ocean .
Chemnitz Hauptbahnhof is the main railway station in Chemnitz in Germany .
Kulionys is a village in Lithuania ( Molėtai district municipality ) , near Molėtai , mostly famous for its Molėtai Astronomical Observatory and Lithuanian Museum of Ethnocosmology .
Marratxí is a municipality in the Raiguer region of Majorca , one of the Balearic Islands of Spain .
Zagozd ( ˈzaɡɔst ) ( German : Neu Schönwalde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawsko Pomorskie , within Drawsko County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Mian Banda ( Syed Abad ) is a village and small town of Tehsil Timergara , Lower Dir District in Pakistan .
Also kodumudi is an tourism spot holly kaveri river and Magudeswarar temple in Kodumudi attracts thousands of pilgrims daily across South India .
Krušni Vrh ( pronounced ( ˈkɾuːʃni ˈʋəɾx ) ) is a small settlement in the hills west of Trebnje in the Lower Carniola region of Slovenia .
Alang became the centre of an international controversy when the Supreme Court of India temporarily prohibited the French aircraft carrier Clemenceau from entering the port in January 2006 .
Siatista ( Greek : Σιάτιστα ) is a town and a former municipality in Kozani regional unit , West Macedonia , Greece .
Tsavo East National Park is one of the oldest and largest parks in Kenya at 13,747 square kilometres .
Western Channel Pile Light , also known as the West Wedding Cake due to its shape , is an active pile lighthouse located at the Sydney Harbour , New South Wales , Australia , off Georges Head at Mosman .
The Mont Pèlerin TV Tower is a transmission tower situated on Mont Pèlerin in the area of Chardonne , north of Vevey and is the only TV tower of Switzerland equipped with an observation deck , which is accessible by an elevator .
Achilles ' 29 is a football club from Groesbeek in the Netherlands .
Chavakachcheri railway station is a railway station in the town of Chavakachcheri in northern Sri Lanka .
Michael Jordan 's Restaurant was a multi - level restaurant and sports bar located at 500 N. LaSalle Street in Chicago , Illinois , United States of America .
Humaitá is a town and distrito on the Paraguay River in southern Paraguay .
Berat County ( Albanian : Qarku i Beratit ) is one of the 12 counties of Albania .
Mosiny ( mɔˈɕinɨ ) ( Kashubian : Mòsënë ; German Mossin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Człuchów , within Człuchów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Ross River Airport ( IATA : XRR , ICAO : CYDM ) is located 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ; 1.2 mi ) south of Ross River , Yukon , Canada .
Also in 1942 , in the New York - based magazine Modern Mexico the first advertisement for a Puerto Vallarta vacation appeared , sponsored by the Air Transport Company of Jalisco .
The Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas ( English : Central Bank of the Philippines ; commonly abbreviated as BSP in both Filipino and English ) is the central bank of the Philippines .
The New Patriotic Party ( NPP ) is a liberal democratic and liberal conservative party , and one of the two dominant parties in Ghana politics .
Millesgården is an art museum and sculpture garden , located on the island of Lidingö in Stockholm , Sweden .
Podgorje pri Pišecah ( pronounced ( pɔdˈɡoːɾjɛ pɾi piˈʃeːtsax ) ) is a settlement in the hills west of Bizeljsko in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia .
IFK Kungälv is a sports club in Kungälv in Sweden , founded in 1940 , and mostly concentrated on the sport of bandy .
The PRITV is a High - rise building in Szczecin , Poland , which belongs to Telewizja Polska .
Real Carenero is an old shipyard located in Puerto Real in the Province of Cádiz , Andalusia , Spain .
Kovachitsa ( Bulgarian : Ковачица ) is a village in northwestern Bulgaria .
Pamanbar ( Persian : پامنبر‎ , also Romanized as Pāmanbar ) is a village in Karian Rural District , in the Central District of Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Udine Cathedral ( Italian : Duomo di Udine , Cattedrale di Santa Maria Maggiore ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral located in Udine , north - eastern Italy .
The Heaphy Track is a popular tramping track in the north west of the South Island of New Zealand .
Khirbet Ghazi ( Arabic : خربة غازي‎ ) is a village in western Syria , administratively part of the Homs Governorate , southwest of Homs .
After a three - month transition of container operations from Abu Dhabi 's Zayed Port , Abu Dhabi Ports ' Khalifa Port was officially inaugurated by the President of the United Arab Emirates , Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Al Nahyan on 12 December 2012 .
Wola Duża - Kolonia ( ˈvɔla ˈduʐa kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bychawa , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Modane Underground Laboratory ( LSM ) ( French : Laboratoire Souterrain de Modane ; also known as the Fréjus Underground Laboratory ) is a subterranean particle physics laboratory located within the Fréjus Road Tunnel near Modane , France .
Lechouri ( Greek : Λεχούρι ) is a mountain village and a community in the municipal unit of Aroania , Achaea , Greece .
Heurne is a neighbourhood in the municipality of Aalten , near Aalten ( Achterhoek region ) in the eastern Netherlands with a population of around 500 inhabitants .
The Wilkin River is a river in the Makarora region of New Zealand , flowing into Lake Wanaka .
Olavinlinna ( Swedish : Olofsborg ; literally St. Olaf 's Castle , see Olaf II of Norway ) is a 15th - century three - tower castle located in Savonlinna , Finland .
The Ariëns Kappers Medal is a scientific honor named after the Dutch neurologist Cornelius Ubbo Ariëns Kappers , the first director of the Netherlands Central Institute for Brain Research ( Nederlands Instituut voor Hersenonderzoek ) , now the Netherlands Institute for Neuroscience , from 1909 - 1946 .
St. Crispin 's reef is an elongate outer - shelf coral reef in the Great barrier reef , Australia .
Sanginabad ( Persian : سنگين آباد‎ , also Romanized as Sangīnābād ) is a village in Badr Rural District , in the Central District of Qorveh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Jagodina ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јагодина ( jâɡodina ) ) is a city located in Serbia , 136 kilometres ( 85 miles ) south of Belgrade , on the banks of Belica River .
Business School Lausanne ( BSL ) is a private business school located in Lausanne , Switzerland , and is part of the Lemania Group of Swiss Private Schools .
The Sol Plaatje Museum and Library is in Kimberley , Northern Cape , South Africa , in a house where Solomon T. Plaatje lived during his last years at 32 Angel Street , Malay Camp .
Bogurzyn ( bɔˈɡuʐɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniewo , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Jelovci ( Pale ) ( Serbian : Јеловци ) is a village in the municipality of Pale , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Bocot Island ( variously Bocot Islet ) is a small island in northeastern Iloilo , Philippines .
The Batu Tiga Komuter station is a KTM Komuter train station located in Batu Tiga , Selangor , Malaysia and served by the Sentul - Port Klang Route .
Zanjan University of Medical Sciences is public medical sciences university located in Zanjan , Zanjan Province , Iran .
The National Centre for Public Administration and Local Government ( Greek : Εθνικό Κέντρο Δημόσιας Διοίκησης και Αυτοδιοίκησης , ΕΚΔΔΑ ) is the strategic agency of Greece for the training and education of public servants and Local Government employees .
Praça dos Três Poderes ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈpɾasɐ dus ˈtɾes poˈdeɾis ) , Three Powers Plaza ) is a plaza in Brasília , the capital of Brazil .
Allahpur ( Hindi:अल्लाहपुर ) is a locality / township of Allahabad , Uttar Pradesh , India .
Wasgamuwa National Park is a natural park in Sri Lanka situated in the Matale and Polonnaruwa Districts .
Cambridge Elementary School , located in Surrey , British Columbia , Canada , is an elementary school and is a member of the local School District 36 Surrey .
Kashtag - e Dastgerd ( Persian : كاشتاگ دستگرد‎ , also Romanized as Kāshtāg - e Dastgerd ) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Jurong Island Highway ( Chinese : 裕廊岛大道 ; Malay : Lebuhraya Pulau Jurong ; Tamil : ஜூரோங் தீவு விரைவுச்சாலை ) is a major highway in Singapore which links Jurong Pier Road in Jurong Port of the main island to Jurong Island .
Kerapa is an Iban longhouse in Betong , Sarawak , Malaysia .
The South Euboean Gulf ( Greek : Νότιος Ευβοϊκός Κόλπος , Notios Evvoïkos Kolpos ) is a gulf in Central Greece , between the island of Euboea and the Greek mainland .
Preserje pri Radomljah ( pronounced ( preˈsɛːrjɛ pri ˈraːdɔmljax ) ) is a suburbanized settlement on the right bank of the Kamnik Bistrica River in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Kariba Airport ( IATA : KAB , ICAO : FVKB ) is an international airport serving Kariba , Mashonaland West Province , Zimbabwe .
Middle East College ( MEC ) is a higher education institution in the Sultanate of Oman with over 5500 students .
Ambohitompoina is a town and commune in Madagascar .
Hegyeshalom ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈhɛɟɛʃ.hɒlom ) ) is a village of approximately 3600 inhabitants in the Győr - Moson - Sopron county of Hungary , on the border with Austria and less than 15 km from the border with Slovakia .
Pissouri is a village located in Limassol 's district , Cyprus ( thirty kilometres westwards of Limassol 's centre ) , between Limassol and Paphos .
Weapons of Honour ( French : Armes d'honneur ) are ceremonial weapons awarded for service or assistance to France .
The Electric Railways Museum of Piraeus ( Greek : Μουσείο Ηλεκτρικών Σιδηροδρόμων or Μουσείο ΗΣΑΠ ) is a railway museum in Piraeus , Greece .
Novokubansk ( Russian : Новокуба́нск ) is a town and the administrative center of Novokubansky District of Krasnodar Krai , Russia , located on the Kuban River .
Lujhu District ( Chinese : 路竹區 ; Hanyu Pinyin : Lùzhú Qū ; Tongyong Pinyin : Lùjhú Cyu ; Wade -- Giles : Lu4-chu2 Ch'ü1 ) is a suburban district of Kaohsiung City , Taiwan .
Kemi railway station ( in Finnish : Kemin rautatieasema ) is located in the town of Kemi in the Lapland Province of Finland .
Zarjabad ( Persian : زرج اباد‎ , also Romanized as Zarjābād and Zarajābād ; also known as Zaianjua , Zarandzhua , and Zeyānjūyeh ) is a village in Zarjabad Rural District , Firuz District , Kowsar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Osinovetsky Light ( Russian : Осиновецкий маяк ) is an active lighthouse in Lake Ladoga , in Leningrad Oblast , Russia .
Turukhansk Airport ( IATA : THX , ICAO : UOTT ) is an airport in Krasnoyarsk Krai , Russia located 2 km west of Turukhansk .
Spitzen Gebel ( literally : `` pointed gable '' ) is a historic building in the centre of Bremen , Germany , located at No . 1 , Hinter dem Schütting .
Staroguby ( starɔˈɡubɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Zelfana ( Arabic : زلفانة‎ ) is a town and commune , coextensive with Zelfana District , in Ghardaïa Province , Algeria .
Norg is a small , very old village in the northeastern Netherlands .
Carleton Village is a neighbourhood in the city of Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Ken - Suu Game Reserve is a specially protected area located in Tup District of Issyk Kul Province of Kyrgyzstan .
Adldorf is a village in the municipality of Eichendorf in Dingolfing - Landau district of Germany .
Makhnyovo ( Russian : Махнёво ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Alapayevsky District of Sverdlovsk Oblast , Russia .
Sirmilik National Park (; Inuktitut : `` the place of glaciers '' ) is a protected area located in Qikiqtaaluk , Nunavut , Canada , established in 2001 .
Čestobrodica is a village in the municipality of Požega , western Serbia .
The Main Square Festival is an annual international music festival organized by Live Nation which takes place in the first week - end of July in Arras , France .
Fugug is a long chain of mountains in East Ethiopia that runs from Arba Gugu ( west ) to Jijjiga in the east , and is called by geographers as Ahmar Mountains .
Dragsholm Castle ( ) is a historic building in Zealand , Denmark .
Chabet el Ameur ( Arabic : شعبة العامر‎ , Kabyle : Tacɛabet ) is a town and commune in Boumerdès Province , Algeria .
Wirginowo ( virɡiˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śrem , within Śrem County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Gryneion is an ancient city near Aliağa in İzmir province of Turkey in western Anatolia .
Aude ( French : ( od ) ; Occitan : ( ˈawðe ) ) is a department in south - central France named after the river Aude .
Kielce Power Station ( Polish : Elektrociepłownia Kielce ) is a coal - fired combined power and heat plant at Kielce , Poland .
Bácsszőlős ( Croatian : Prlković , also Perleković and Crvena šuma ) is a village and municipality in Bács - Kiskun county , in the Southern Great Plain region of southern Hungary .
Extension Gunners FC are a Botswana football club based in Lobatse .
Khajeh Nasir Toosi University of Technology ( KNTU ) ( Persian : دانشگاه صنعتی خواجه نصيرالدين طوسی‎‎ ) , also known as K. N. Toosi University of Technology , is a public university in Tehran , Iran , named after medieval Persian scholar Khajeh Nasir Toosi .
The Bronze Age town of Tuttul is identified with the archaeological site of Tell Bi'a in Ar - Raqqah Governorate , northern Syria .
Uzungöl ( English : Long Lake , Romeyka : Şaraho ) is a lake situated to the south of the city of Trabzon , in the Çaykara district of Trabzon Province , Turkey .
Ziarat - e Jangal ( Persian : زيارت جنگل‎ , also Romanized as Zīārat - e Jangal ) is a village in Sarbuk Rural District , Sarbuk District , Qasr - e Qand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Penrith Whitewater Stadium is located near Sydney , Australia .
The New Democratic Spirit ( Albanian : Fryma e Re Demokratike ) is a center - right , conservative , political party in Albania .
Gorenje Skopice ( pronounced ( ɡɔˈɾeːnjɛ skɔˈpiːtsɛ ) ; German : Oberskopiz ) is a settlement on the right bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia .
Girkan ( Persian : گيركن‎ , also Romanized as Gīrkān ; also known as Gīrgān ) is a village in Bajgan Rural District , Aseminun District , Manujan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Ørstafjorden is a fjord in Ørsta Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
The Canal de Savières is a canal in western France .
Students of Pan Pipers Music School have won numerous awards and trophies at the biennial Trinidad & Tobago Music Festival and have launched successful careers in music both in Trinidad and Tobago and abroad .
Ilijaš ( Илијаш ) is a town and municipality located north - east of the inner city of Sarajevo in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Hrib pri Hinjah ( pronounced ( ˈxɾiːp pri ˈxiːnjax ) ) is a small settlement just east of Hinje in the Municipality of Žužemberk in southeastern Slovenia .
Al - Shaheed Monument ( Arabic : نصب الشهيد‎ ) , also known as the Martyr 's Memorial , is a monument in the Iraqi capital , Baghdad , dedicated to the Iraqi soldiers who died in the Iraq - Iran war .
Migonys is a village in the Kupiškis district municipality , Lithuania .
The Mingun Pahtodawgyi ( မင်းကွန်းပုထိုးတော်ကြီး , IPA : ( mɪ́ɴɡʊ́ɴ patʰóu dɔ̀ dʑí ) ) is an incomplete monument stupa in Mingun , approximately 10 kilometres ( 6.2 mi ) northwest of Mandalay in Sagaing Region in central Myanmar ( formerly Burma ) .
Qafqaz University ( Azerbaijani : Qafqaz Universiteti ; the name translates as Caucasus University ) is a private university located in Baku , Azerbaijan .
Stare Bogaczowice ( ˈstarɛ bɔɡat͡ʂɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Altreichenau ) is a village in Wałbrzych County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in southwestern Poland .
Agats is a town in Asmat Regency , Papua , Indonesia and the administrative center of the Asmat Regency .
Tervakosken Pato ( abbreviated Pato ) is a football club from Tervakoski , Janakkala , Finland .
Barysiai Airport ( Lithuanian : Barysių aerodromas ) ( ICAO : EYSB ) is an airport in Barysiai , a village in the Joniškis district municipality of Šiauliai County in northern Lithuania .
Kraków Old Town is the historic central district of Kraków , Poland .
Azilone - Ampaza ( Azilonu è Àmpaza in Corsican : pronounced ( a.d͡zi.ˈlɔ̃.nɛ ˈɑ̃ɱ.pa.d͡za ) ) is a French commune in the Corse - du - Sud department of France on the island of Corsica .
Fiq District ( Arabic : منطقة فيق , translit . : manṭiqat Fiq ) is a district of the Quneitra Governorate in southern Syria , which has partly been under Israeli occupation since 1967 .
George S. Henry Academy is a semestered high school in Toronto , Canada .
Gołasze - Dąb ( ɡɔˈwaʂɛ ˈdɔmp ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kulesze Kościelne , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Ban Monikesh ( Persian : بن مني كش‎ , also Romanized as Ban Monīkesh ) is a village in Khoshabar Rural District , in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Rogačice ( pronounced ( ɾɔɡaˈtʃiːtsɛ ) ; in older sources also Rogačica ) is a small village in the hills south of Boštanj in the Municipality of Sevnica in east - central Slovenia .
The Betzenberg Wildlife Park ( German : Wildpark am Betzenberg ) in Kaiserslautern , Germany , was founded in 1970 with the aim of enabling the population to observe native species of animals - including those that used to live wild around Kaiserslautern but are no longer native there today .
Krishna Kanta Handiqui State Open University ( Assamese : কৃষ্ণকান্ত সন্দিকৈ ৰাজ্যিক মুক্ত বিশ্ববিদ্যালয় ) is a state university in Guwahati , Assam , India .
The Taipei Metro Huilong Station is a station on the Xinzhuang Line located in Xinzhuang , New Taipei City , and Guishan District , Taoyuan City , Taiwan .
Qareh Bughaz ( Persian : قره بوغاز‎ , also Romanized as Qareh Būghāz ; also known as Qarah Būghār ) is a village in Ajorluy - ye Gharbi Rural District , Baruq District , Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Cimoszki ( t͡ɕiˈmɔʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczki , within Olecko County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Chal Asteran ( Persian : چال استران‎ , also Romanized as Chāl Āsterān ) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District , in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Pelči parish ( Latvian : Pelču pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Kuldīga Municipality , Latvia .
Chylin Wielki ( ˈxɨlin ˈvjɛlki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Palangerd ( Persian : پلنگرد‎ ) is a village in Nabovat Rural District , in the Central District of Eyvan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
The White Factory ( Polish : Biała Fabryka ) is the classicist building in Łódź , Poland , constructed in 1835 - 1839 to host a textile factory which belonged to Ludwik Geyer .
Lincheng County ( simplified Chinese : 临城县 ; traditional Chinese : 臨城縣 ; pinyin : Línchéng Xiàn ) is a county of southwestern Hebei province , People 's Republic of China , in the foothills of the Taihang Mountains .
Hrenovice ( pronounced ( ˈxɾeːnɔʋitsɛ ) ; Italian : Crenovizza ) is a settlement west of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Oblapy ( Ukrainian : Облапи ; Polish : Obłapy ) is a village in Volyn Oblast , located in north - western Ukraine .
Volhynian - Podolian Upland ( Ukrainian : Волинсько-Поділська височина ) is a system of uplands in West Ukraine and Right - bank Ukraine .
Jabal Kumar is a mountain located in Iraq .
Phủ Lý is the capital city of Hà Nam Province of Vietnam 60 km south of Hanoi on the river Đáy .
Kapugaz ( Persian : كپوگز‎ , also Romanized as Kapūgaz ; also known as Kafūgaz and Kafūzak ) is a village in Momenabad Rural District , in the Central District of Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Małomierzyce ( mawɔmjɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłża , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Magah Taneh Morad ( Persian : مگه تنه مراد‎ , also Romanized as Magah Taneh Morād ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Ramhormoz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Tuf Chendar Magher ( Persian : طوف چندارماغر‎ , also Romanized as Ţūf Chendār Māgher ) is a village in Bahmai - ye Garmsiri - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Selander Bridge is a bridge in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania that connects the city centre to the northern Oyster Bay neighbourhood .
Hotspring Island , originally named in English as Volcanic Island and known in the Haida language as G̱andll K'in Gwaayaay ( `` Hot - Water - Island '' ) , is a small island near the southeast coast of Lyell Island in the Haida Gwaii archipelago of the North Coast of British Columbia , Canada .
Schleswig - Holstein Farmers and Farmworkers Democracy ( German : Schleswig - Holsteinische Bauern- und Landarbeiterdemokratie ) ( later known as the Schleswig - Holstein Regional Party ( German : Schleswig - Holsteinische Landespartei ) ) was a regional agrarian political party based in Schleswig - Holstein during the Weimar Republic .
Sydenham Heritage Church , originally known as the Colombo Street Methodist Church or Colombo Street Wesleyan Church or Colombo Road Wesleyan Church was a heritage - listed stone church building located in Sydenham , an inner suburb Christchurch , New Zealand .
Nuoragana ( Russian : Нуорагана ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Zhabylsky Rural Okrug of Megino - Kangalassky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 76 kilometers ( 47 mi ) from Mayya , the administrative center of the district .
Stadelheim Prison , in Munich 's Giesing district , is one of the largest prisons in Germany .
Oshikuku is a town in Omusati Region in the north of Namibia .
One definition , by the East Java Provincial Regulation No.4/1996 , equates Gerbangkertosusila with the Surabaya Metropolitan Area surrounding Surabaya , entirely in East Java province , Indonesia .
Yanoshi ( Ukrainian : Яноші , Hungarian : Makkosjánosi ) is a village in Zakarpattia Oblast ( province ) of western Ukraine .
The National Integrated College ( NIC ) is a private higher secondary institution in Kathmandu , Nepal .
The Central Nova Scotia Correctional Facility is a large prison in Halifax , Nova Scotia , Canada , located in Burnside Industrial Park , Dartmouth .
Welschneudorf is an Ortsgemeinde -- a community belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde -- and a Luftkurort ( `` air health resort '' ) in the Westerwaldkreis in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Termoelektrana ( Cyrillic : Термоелектрана ) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Nedre Veikvatnet ( Lule Sami : Vuolep Viejekjávrre ) is a lake that lies in the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county , Norway .
St Pinnock ( Cornish : Sen Pynnek ) is a hamlet and civil parish in southeast Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Chalan Beel ( Bengali : চলনবিল ) is a wetland in Bangladesh .
Phinda Private Game Reserve , formerly known as Phinda Resource Reserve , is a 170 km² private game reserve situated in KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa between the Mkuze Game Reserve and the Greater St. Lucia Wetland Park .
Leeds Town Hall is one of the largest town halls in the United Kingdom and as of 2008 it is the eighth tallest building in Leeds .
Khalifeh Gavabar ( Persian : خليفه گوابر‎ , also Romanized as Khalīfeh Gavābar , Khalīfeh Gavāber , and Khalīfehgovāber ) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Rostov - Glavny ( Russian : Росто́в-Гла́вный ) is the main railway station of Rostov - on - Don in Russia .
The Pan Pacific Open ( 東レ パン・パシフィック・オープン・テニストーナメント ) , currently sponsored by Toray Industries , is an outdoor hardcourt tennis tournament held annually in Tokyo , Japan .
The Teatro dell'Opera di Roma ( Rome Opera House ) is an opera house in Rome , Italy .
Parfino ( Russian : Па́рфино ) is an urban locality ( a work settlement ) and the administrative center of Parfinsky District of Novgorod Oblast , Russia , located along the Lovat River , 20 kilometers ( 12 mi ) east of Staraya Russa .
Tas - Yuryakh ( Russian : Тас-Юрях ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Botuobuyinsky Rural Okrug of Mirninsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 157 kilometers ( 98 mi ) from Suntar , the administrative center of the district .
Verkhnodniprovsk Raion ( Ukrainian : Верхньодніпровський район ) is a raion ( district ) of Dnipropetrovsk Oblast , southeastern - central Ukraine .
Neh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان نه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Caldes d'Estrac ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈkaɫdəz ðəsˈtɾak ) , also known as Caldetes ) is a municipality in the comarca of the Maresme in Catalonia , Spain .
The Toronto Empire was a newspaper established in Toronto , Canada , in 1887 .
Etaux ( also spelled Eteaux ) is a commune in the Haute - Savoie department in the Rhône - Alpes region in south - eastern France .
Haqqiyeh ( Persian : حقيه‎ , also Romanized as Ḩaqqīyeh ) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Berdkunk ( Armenian : Բերդկունք ; also Romanized as Berdkunk '' and Berdkunq ; formerly Akhkala and Aghkala ) is a small village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia .
Suldalsvatnet is the 6th deepest lake in Norway .
Guasopa Airport ( IATA : GAZ , ICAO : AYGJ ) , is an airport at Guasopa on Woodlark Island , in the Milne Bay Province , Papua New Guinea .
Kastamonu University ( Turkish : Kastamonu Üniversitesi ) is a public university located in Kastamonu and some of its districts , Turkey .
Hoseynieh - ye Sar Bardian ( Persian : حسينيه سربرديان‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynīeh - ye Sar Bardīān ) is a village in Alqchin Rural District , in the Central District of Charam County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Ernster ( Luxembourgish : Iernster ) is a small town in the commune of Niederanven , in central Luxembourg .
Sultan Hassanal Bolkiah Highway ( Malay : Lebuhraya Sultan Hassanal Bolkiah ; Jawi : ليبوهراي سلطان حسنال بولكيه ) ( National route -- ) is a major highway in Bandar Seri Begawan , Brunei .
Monte Cinto ( Colli Euganei ) is a hill of the Veneto , Italy .
Wietszyno ( vjɛtˈʂɨnɔ ) ( German Johannesthal ) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Karlino , within Białogard County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Château de Saint - Izaire is a 14th - century episcopal castle in the commune of Saint - Izaire in the Aveyron département of France .
Gazoros is currently located in Greece 3 km to the east of the modern village with the same name , on the hill of `` Haghios Athanasios '' .
The Jardin botanique Henri Gaussen is a botanical garden operated by the Université Paul Sabatier at 39 allées Jules Guesde , Toulouse , Haute - Garonne , Midi - Pyrénées , France .
Milatun ( Persian : ميلاتون‎ , also Romanized as Mīlātūn ; also known as Maḩlātīn , Mahlātūn , and Mehlatūn ) is a village in Mishan Rural District , Mahvarmilani District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Tsarigradsko shose ( Bulgarian : Цариградско шосе , Tsarigradsko shosé , literally meaning Tsarigrad ( Istanbul ) Chaussée ( Road ) ) is the largest boulevard in the capital of Bulgaria , Sofia .
Tahtay Koraro ( Tigrinya `` Lower Koraro '' ) is one of the woredas in the Tigray Region of Ethiopia .
Ewo is a village in the Republic of the Congo that serves as the administrative center of Ewo District and the Cuvette - Ouest region .
The Temple of Claudius , also variously known as the Temple of the Divus Claudius , the Temple of the Divine Claudius and the Temple of the Deified Claudius , covered a large area to the south of the Colosseum in Rome , Italy .
The Palace of Congresses ( Albanian : Pallati i Kongreseve ) is a building in Tirana , Albania , where the Festivali i Këngës is annually held .
Fram Kino , the first cinema in Norway , opened in 1908 .
Shershon is a settlement on the north side of the Lower Barun Glacier in Nepal .
Marun Dam , also spelled Maroun , is a rock - fill embankment dam on the Marun River about 15 km ( 9.3 mi ) north of Behbahan in Behbahan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Imam Hussein Mosque , in Midan Hawalli District , Kuwait City , is the largest Shi'a mosque in Kuwait .
Čadovina ( Serbian : Чадовина ) is a village in the Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Hurmudar - e Pain ( Persian : هورمودرپائين‎ , also Romanized as Hūrmūdar - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Fin Rural District , Fin District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Miyanku ( also , Mean’ku and Mianku ) is a village and municipality in the Masally Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Bagne of Toulon was the notorious prison in Toulon , France , made famous as the place of imprisonment of Jean Valjean , the hero of Les Misérables , the novel by Victor Hugo .
Combe - Capelle is a Paleolithic and Epipaleolithic site situated in the Couze valley in the Périgord region of Southern France .
Borecha is one of the woredas in the Oromia Region of Ethiopia .
Koonammavu(Valluvally ) is a census town in Kottuvally Panchayat , North Paravur Taluk , Ernakulam District , Kerala , India and lies between Edappally and North Paravur adjacent to Varappuzha .
The Haukeli Tunnel ( Norwegian : Haukelitunnelen ) is a road tunnel in the municipality of Odda in Hordaland county , Norway .
Yusufpur - Mohammadabad is a twin town in the Ghazipur district of Uttar Pradesh , India .
Mount Albert Grammar School ( MAGS ) is a semi co - educational state secondary school in Mount Albert in central Auckland , New Zealand .
Stary Dzików ( ˈstarɨ ˈd͡ʑikuf ) ( Ukrainian : Старий Диків , Staryi Dykiv ) is a village in Lubaczów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Bad Dürkheim ( German pronunciation : ( ˈbaːt ˈdyːɐ̯khaɪm ) ) is a spa town in the Rhine - Neckar urban agglomeration , and is the seat of the Bad Dürkheim district in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Tallman East Falls is a 3 metre high plunge classic waterfall found on private property , ( private without permission to access ) , in Stoney Creek , Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
The Hamburg Temple ( German : Israelitischer Tempel ) was the synagogue of the Jewish reform movement in Hamburg ( Germany ) from 1818 to 1938 .
The Baroque fortifications in the Black Forest ( German : Barocke Verteidigungsanlagen i m Schwarzwald ) , also called Baroque Schanzen ( Barockschanzen ) or Black Forest lines ( Schwarzwaldlinien ) , are historical , military earthworks , known as schanzen , that were built in the Black Forest in what is now Germany .
Carballeda de Valdeorras is a larger municipality in Ourense ( province ) in the Galicia region of north - west Spain .
Te Poi is a small village in rural Waikato , New Zealand , nestled at the base of the scenic Kaimai Ranges established in 1912 .
The Spanish Armed Forces ( Spanish : Fuerzas Armadas Españolas , FFAA ) are the military forces of the Kingdom of Spain .
Stare Osieczno ( ˈstarɛ ɔˈɕɛt͡ʂnɔ ) ( German : Hochzeit ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobiegniew , within Strzelce - Drezdenko County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Michel van Rijt ( born June 25 , 1970 in Helmond , Netherlands ) is a martial artist .
In 1988 - 1991 , Jumabek Ibraimov served as a First Deputy of a Head of Administration of Central Committee of Communist Party of Kyrgyzstan .
Joaquim Clotet Martí ( Mataró , Spain , March 16 , 1946 ) holds a doctorate in Philosophy and Letters , with outstanding work in the area of Ethics and Bioethics .
On 19 March 1937 he changed his name to Svend Glendau and on 5 June 1939 he formally left the Church of Denmark , four months after his father had died .
Ahmed Barzani ( 1896 - -1969 ) ( Kurdish : ئه‌حمه‌د موحه‌ممه‌د بارزانی / Ehmed Mihemed Barzanî‎ ) , also known as Khudan ( Arabic : خودان‎ ) , was the head of the Barzani tribe in Northern Iraq .
Natalya Korzhova ( born 8 April 1958 ) is a former Minister of Finance in the Government of Kazakhstan .
Prof . Dr. Eberhard Grün ( born 1942 , in Germany ) is a German planetary scientist specialized in cosmic dust research .
José Manuel de la Peña y Peña ( 10 March 1789 -- 2 January 1850 ) was a Mexican politician and lawyer , interim president of Mexico from 26 September 1847 to 13 November 1847 and president from 8 January 1848 to 3 June 1848 .
John McConnell Black ( 28 April 1855 -- 2 December 1951 ) was a Scottish botanist who emigrated to Australia in 1877 and eventually documented and illustrated thousands of flora in South Australia in the early 20th century .
Tokugawa Ieshige ; 徳川 家重 ( January 28 , 1712 -- July 13 , 1761 ) was the ninth shogun of the Tokugawa shogunate of Japan .
Dhol Taashe is a Marathi film which depicts the culture related to people who play drums and by instruments in Cultural Processions in Maharashtra , India .
Asociación Quidditch España is the National Governing Body ( NGB ) of quidditch in Spain , affiliated to the International Quidditch Association .
Shogun Assassin , known in Japan as Kozure Ōkami ( 子連れ狼 ) , is a jidaigeki film made for the British and American markets and released in 1980 .
Shehzad Roy gave details about his show which was based on a tour de Pakistan , and the team of Chal Parha visited some 80 cities all over Pakistan from Attabad Jheel and Gulmit to Gojal and Thar and film in more than 200 government schools to show the country the state of schools .
Kosereva is a common `` barreled '' candy with a high protein content originally made in Paraguay , made with the hardened skin of the sour orange ( `` apepú '' , in Guaraní language ) and cooked in black molasses , resulting in a bittersweet and acidic taste .
La morte accarezza a mezzanotte was released in Italy on 17 November 1972 .
Find the Link is a game show format which had versions produced in the U.K. and in Australia .
Mirchi Bada is also known as Mirchi Bajji in southern part of India and the stuffing can vary from place to place .
Blade Heart ( Chinese : 血薦軒轅 ) is a Hong Kong television series released on 12 March 2004 by TVB .
The crime depicted in Mapantsula is common in South Africa , especially pre - apartheid .
Mister Rogers ' Neighborhood ( often shortened to simply Mister Rogers ) is an American half - hour children 's television series that was created and hosted by namesake Fred Rogers .
The Albert Einstein Memorial is a monumental bronze statue depicting Albert Einstein seated with manuscript papers in hand by sculptor Robert Berks .
Efterårsmorgen ved Sortedamssøen ( Autumn Morning on Lake Sortedam ) is an oil painting by Christen Købke , one of the leading artists in the Golden Age of Danish Painting .
An Entrance to the Paris Métropolitain is a sculpture by Hector Guimard , conceived in 1902 and fabricated between 1902 and 1913 .
The Modena Triptych is 1568 triptych ( three panel painting ) by the artist El Greco , who was also known as Doménikos Theotokópoulos .
The A.B.C. Murders is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie , first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 6 January 1936 and in the US by Dodd , Mead and Company on 14 February of the same year .
The Memorial to the Great Exhibition is an outdoor monument commemorating the Great Exhibition ( 1851 ) and depicting Albert , Prince Consort , designed by Joseph Durham with modifications by Sydney Smirke and located south of Royal Albert Hall in London , United Kingdom .
The Submission of Prince Dipo Negoro to General De Kock ( Dutch : De onderwerping van Diepo Negoro aan luitenant - generaal baron De Kock ) is an oil painting on canvas painted by Nicolaas Pieneman between 1830 and 1835 .
Object ( Le Déjeuner en fourrure ) , lit . Object ( `` The Luncheon in Fur '' ) , known in English as Fur Breakfast or Breakfast in Fur , is a 1936 sculpture by the surrealist Méret Oppenheim , consisting of a fur - covered teacup , saucer and spoon .
A Year in the Life is a 1986 miniseries and a one - hour dramatic series that ran on NBC during the 1987 - -1988 television season , created by Joshua Brand and John Falsey .
Eban Goodstein ( born 1960 ) is an economist , author , and public educator who directs both the Center for Environmental Policy and the MBA in Sustainability at Bard College .
Pádraic Ó Neachtain ( born 1973 ) is an Irish television presenter , director , and journalist .
Jan - Ove Palmberg , born 1943 , is a Professor of Mechanical Engineering at Linköping University .
Deskin Green ( 1847 - -1918 ) was an American politician who , from 1908 to 1910 , served as a member of the Virginia House of Delegates , representing the counties of Tazewell and Buchanan .
Thomas Ashwell or Ashewell ( c. 1478 -- after 1513 ( possibly 1527 ? ) ) was an English composer of the Renaissance .
Hortensia Fussy ( born 25 March 1954 in Graz ; pseudonym : Hortensia ) , is an Austrian sculptor .
Aarón Piña Mora ( 1914 - -2010 ) was a Mexican painter and muralist .
Chakir Boujattaoui ( born 16 January 1983 in Nador ) is a Moroccan is a long distance runner who specialises in cross country running , and the 5000 metres and steeplechase on the track .
Marcus Barlow ( 1890 - -1954 ) was an Australian architect and a successful and influential designer during the economic turmoil of The Great Depression and World War II . His projects were important to the development of Melbourne architecture , being innovative in use of new technologies and inspired by international design movements .
Leul Ras Mengesha Seyoum ( Ge'ez : መንገሻ ሰዩም ) GCVO ( born 7 December 1927 ) is a member of the imperial family of the Ethiopian Empire .
Gary Fettis ( born 1950 ) is an American set decorator .
Sharav Nasanjargal ( born 3 August 1968 ) is a Mongolian international footballer .
Frank Luck ( born 5 December 1967 ) is a former German and , before 1990 , East German biathlete .
Peter Pett , ( 6 August 1610 -- ? 1672 ) was an English Master Shipwright , and Second Resident Commissioner of Chatham Dockyard .
Faezeh Hashemi Bahramani , more known as Faezeh Hashemi Rafsanjani ( Persian : فائزه هاشمی رفسنجانی‎ ; born 7 January 1962 ) is an Iranian Women 's rights activist , politician and former journalist who served as a member of Iranian parliament from 1996 to 2000 .
Anna Giordano ( born in 1965 ) is an Italian conservationist .
Nima Aziminejad ( Persian : نیما عظیمی‌نژاد‎ ) , ( born 15 September 1978 ) is an Iranian composer , setar player and sound engineer .
Roman Dostál ( pronounced ( ˈroman ˈdostaːl ) ; born 13 July 1970 ) is a former Czech biathlete .
Mehmet Uluğ ( b. 13 Nisan 1959 -- d. 20 Kasım 2013 ) was a Turkish businessman , promoter and music curator .
Gary Fila ( born 18 November 1981 ) is Australian rules football field umpire in the Australian Football League .
Hugh de Beaumont , 1st Earl of Bedford ( born 1106 ) was Earl of Bedford from 1137 to 1141 .
Emomo Eddy Ngoyi ( born 13 October 1993 ) is a Congolese international footballer who plays as a striker for Shark XI FC Kinshasa in DR Congo .
Moniek Nijhuis ( born 20 March 1988 ) is a Dutch swimmer who specializes in breaststroke .
Karel Vinck ( born 19 September 1938 , Aalst ) is a Belgian businessman .
Grace Sturtevant ( 1865 - -1947 ) was an early 20th century iris breeder who has been called `` America 's first lady of iris '' .
Henryk Kierzkowski ( born 10 October 1943 ) is a Polish economist known for his work on imperfect competition and international trade .
Lisa Sousa ( born 1962 ) is an American academic historian active in the field of Latin American studies .
General Sir Harry Aubrey de Vere Maclean ( Kaïd ) KCMG ( 1848 - -1920 ) was a Scottish soldier , and instructor to the Moroccan Army .
George Brydges , 6th Baron Chandos ( 1620 - -1655 ) was a supporter of Charles I of England during his struggle with Parliament , and distinguished himself at the first Battle of Newbury in 1643 .
Andrée Ferretti ( born in 1935 ) is a Canadian political figure and author .
Major General Sir Frank Kingsley Norris KBE CB DSO ED ( 25 June 1893 -- 1 May 1984 ) was an Australian military officer and physician .
Juan Carlos Giordano ( born c. 1961 ) is an activist in Socialist Left ( Argentina ) .
Inga Peulich ( born 15 October 1956 ) is an Australian politician currently serving in the Legislative Council in the Parliament of Victoria as Member for the South Eastern Metropolitan Region .
Tekin Bingöl ( born 1 August 1955 ) is a Turkish politician who serves as the Deputy Leader of the Republican People 's Party responsible for political organisation since 8 May 2014 .
Akbaruddin Owaisi ( born 14 June 1970 ) is a politician based in Hyderabad , Telangana and an MLA of the Telangana Legislative Assembly .
Sean de Silva ( born 17 January 1990 ) is a Trinidadian international footballer who currently plays for and captains Central FC in the TT Pro League .
S. Muthiah Mudaliar CIE ( 1883 - July 15 , 1953 ) was an Indian politician and legislator of the Justice Party and later , the Swarajya Party and an independent minister in the Madras Presidency .
Fatma Ekenoğlu ( born in Paphos in 1956 ) is a Turkish Cypriot politician .
David Atherton OBE , ( born 3 January 1944 ) is an English conductor and co - founder of the London Sinfonietta .
Mikael Mikael ( * 1974 ) is a German artist .
Djamaluddin Malik ( 13 February 1917 -- 8 June 1970 ) was a prominent Indonesian film producer , politician , entrepreneur .
Toshinori Ishikuma ( born September 1950 ) is a Japanese psychology professor known for his work on introducing and establishing the system of school psychology services in Japan .
Gustav Bychowski ( born 1895 in Warsaw , Poland , died April 3 , 1972 in Fes , Morocco ) was an American psychiatrist , psychoanalyst and author .
Harry Forbes Witherby , MBE , FZS , MBOU ( 7 October 1873 - 11 December 1943 ( aged 70 ) ) was a noted British ornithologist , author , publisher and founding editor ( in 1907 ) of the magazine British Birds .
Tomás Romañach ( born 1890 - death date unknown ) was a Cuban baseball shortstop in the Cuban League and Negro leagues .
Veronica Lazăr ( 16 October 1938 - 8 June 2014 ) was a Romanian born Italian actress .
Shota Abkhazava ( Russian : Шота Абхазава , born 12 August 1971 ) is a racing driver , race cars designer , a businessman , an owner of two race circuits in Russia and Georgia .
Vladimir Bodnar is born in Staraya Ushitsa , Kamenets - Podolsk region of Ukraine on December 26 , 1942 .
Sir Geoffrey le Scrope ( 1285 -- 2 December 1340 ) was an English lawyer , and Chief Justice of the King 's Bench for four periods between 1324 and 1338 .
Andrea Mantegna ( Italian : ( anˈdrɛːa manˈteɲɲa ) ; c. 1431 -- September 13 , 1506 ) was an Italian painter , a student of Roman archeology , and son - in - law of Jacopo Bellini .
Tan Yinglan ( born 8 June 1981 ) is a Singaporean businessman and writer .
Joe Mills ( born 14 June 1972 ) is a British actor , sports broadcaster , writer and voice actor who has worked on various shows in the UK .
Nora Picciotto , formerly Baroness Nora Bentinck and Nora Czartoryski ( born Eleonora Picciotto on 9 September 1942 , Cairo ) is the first wife of Prince Adam Karol Czartoryski , mother of Princess Tamara Laura Czartoryska .
Jeremy Wagstaff ( born 1962 ) is a British journalist and technology columnist based in Asia .
Zerrin Güngör ( born 1955 , in Kırşehir ) is the president of the Turkish Council of State ( Turkish : Danıştay ) .
Nicholas Whittaker ( born 1957 ) is a British writer of non - fiction books on popular culture , often incorporating autobiographical extracts from his own life .
James Duff , 2nd Earl Fife ( 29 September 1729 -- 1809 ) was a Scottish Earl , Baron and Minister of Parliament .
Robin Femy ( born 19 October 1989 ) is a skier and sighted guide from Canada .
Lara Robinson ( born 1 January 1998 ) is an Australian actress who has appeared in films , television series , and theatre productions .
Mark Carruthers OBE ( born 1965 ) is a Northern Irish broadcaster and journalist , from Derry .
Phil Sawdon ( born 1955 ) is an artist , writer and academic .
John Tu ( born 1940 ) is a Chinese - born American entrepreneur and philanthropist .
Howland Fish ( December 1786 -- June 21 , 1862 ) was an American legislator and lawyer .
Leon Ockenden ( born 1978 ) is an English actor , director and writer who works in TV , Film , Theatre and Radio .
Trine Dyrholm ( born 15 April 1972 ) is a Danish actress , singer and songwriter .
Regina Bari - Nagy ( born 15 September 1990 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for TuS Metzingen as a right wing .
Gershom Cox ( September 1863 - November 1918 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a full - back for Aston Villa from 1888 to 1893 .
Pinipe Viswarup,(born on 2 October 1962 ) is an Indian Politician who has worked as Rural Water Supply Minister in YS Rajasekhara Reddy 's cabinet and continued the same position during Rosaih 's cabinet .
Margo Chase ( born in 1958 ) is an American graphic designer .
John Hannigan ( c. 1939 -- 22 April 2014 ) was a Gaelic footballer with Naomh Adhamhnáin and the Donegal senior football team .
Ido Drent ( born 27 January 1987 ) is a South African actor currently working and living in Auckland , New Zealand .
Sally Beamish ( born 26 August 1956 ) is a British composer and violist .
Petar Kapisoda ( Serbian Cyrillic : Петар Каписода ) ( born 26 June 1976 in Cetinje , SR Montenegro , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Montenegrin handball player .
Philippe Joly ( born 2 January 1976 ) is a French actor and screenwriter , born in Moscow , Russia .
Júlio César Godinho Catole ( born 5 August 1986 ) , commonly known as Julinho , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for J2 League club Consadole Sapporo .
Joseph Clemens of Bavaria ( German : Joseph Clemens von Bayern ) ( 5 December 1671 -- 12 November 1723 ) was a member of the Wittelsbach dynasty of Bavaria and Archbishop - Elector of Cologne from 1688 to 1723 .
Evangelina Elizondo ( born 28 April 1929 ) is an actress from the Golden Age of Mexican cinema .
Louis Vogelpoel ( 26 March 1922 in Lourenço Marques , Portuguese East Africa -- 28 April 2005 in Cape Town , South Africa ) was a South African general physician , cardiologist and horticultural scientist .
Shirin Sharmin Chaudhury ( born 6 October 1966 ) is the current and the first woman Speaker of Jatiyo Sangshad since April 2013 .
Salih Altın ( born 17 July 1987 in Mulheim an der Ruhr ) is a Turkish football player , who is currently playing for FSV Duisburg .
Georgina Theodora Wood ( born 8 June 1947 ) is a judge and also a former police prosecution officer .
Steve Wiest ( né John Stephen Wiest ; born 1957 ) is an American trombonist , composer , arranger , big band director , music educator at the collegiate level , jazz clinician , author , and illustrator / cartoonist .
Won Gyun ( Korean : 원균 , hanja:元均 ; 12 February 1540 -- 27 August 1597 ) was a Korean general and admiral during the Joseon Dynasty .
Emma Marshall ( 1830 - -1899 ) was an English children 's author who wrote more than 200 novels .
Anthony David Towse ( born 22 April 1968 in Bridlington , Yorkshire , England ) is an English former first - class cricketer , who played one first - class match for Yorkshire County Cricket Club in 1988 .
Yolanda Mateos Franco ( born in 1972 ) is a Spanish former footballer who played as a winger for Eibartarrak FT , Levante UD and CE Sabadell in the Superliga .
Marcel Witeczek ( born 18 October 1968 ) is a retired German footballer who played mostly as an attacking midfielder .
St. John Yi Yun - il ( 1822 -- January 21 , 1867 ) was a Korean Catholic who was killed during the 19th - century Korean persecution of Christians .
Sergei Guriev was born to an ethnic Ossetian family , on 21 October 1971 in Vladikavkaz , Russia .
Ernest Hecht OBE ( born 1929 ) is a British publisher , producer , and philanthropist .
Marisela Escobedo Ortiz ( 1958 -- Chihuahua , Chihuahua , December 16 , 2010 ) was a Mexican social activist , killed while protesting the murder of her daughter that occurred in 2008 .
Natascia Leonardi Cortesi ( born 1 May 1971 ) is a Swiss cross - country skier and ski mountaineering who has competed since 1988 in the World Cup circuit .
Messaoud Ould Boulkheir ( Arabic : مسعود ولد بو الخير‎,born 1943 , Fara El Kitane Arabic : فرع الكتان‎ ) is among the first Haratine to become a political leader in Mauritania .
Kathleen O'Regan ( 11 November 1903 -- 10 December 1970 ) was an Irish actress , best - remembered for her performances in the first London performances of Juno and the Paycock and The Plough and the Stars .
Clarence Lusane ( born in 1953 in Detroit , Michigan ) is an African - American author , activist , lecturer and free - lance journalist .
Julia Joyce ( born 14 June 1998 ) is an actress , known for her three appearances as a younger version of Billie Piper 's characters in Doctor Who ( `` Father 's Day '' ) , Ruby in the Smoke and Mansfield Park .
Ali Yasak ( born 1956 , Urfa ) , better known as Drej Ali ( literally : Ali , the tall ) , is one of Turkey 's most renowned criminals .
Mark Miravalle ( b. 1959 ) is a professor of theology at Franciscan University of Steubenville , specializing in Mariology .
Robert Keate FRCS ( 14 March 1777 -- 2 October 1857 ) was a noted British surgeon , and Serjeant - Surgeon to King William IV and Queen Victoria .
Jane Hamlyn ( born 1940 ) is an English studio potter known for her functional salt glaze pottery .
Zou Jingzhi ( 邹静之 , 1952 ) is a Chinese playwright .
Josh Caddy ( born 28 September 1992 ) is an Australian rules footballer , drafted by the Gold Coast Football Club with the 7th selection in the 2010 AFL Draft .
Scarlett Alice Johnson ( born 7 April 1985 ) is an English actress who came to national attention early as Vicki Fowler in the BBC soap opera EastEnders .
Hayne Constant , CB , CBE . , MA . , FRAeS. , FRS , ( 26 September 1904 - 12 January 1968 ) was an English mechanical and aeronautical engineer who developed jet engines during World War II .
David Roma is a television producer , filmmaker , musician and activist , born in 1974 .
Cheynee Stiller ( born 3 May 1986 ) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Brisbane Lions in the Australian Football League .
Gouled Hassan Dourad ( Somali : Guuleed Xasan Duurad , Arabic : جوليد حسن دوراد‎ ) , born 1974 , is a citizen of Somalia who is held in extrajudicial detention in the United States Guantánamo Bay detainment camps in Cuba .
Rajendra Achyut Badwe was born in Mumbai , in the western Indian state of Maharashtra , in 1956 .
Luvsannorovyn Erdenechimeg ( Mongolian : Лувсанноровын Эрдэнэчимэг ; born 1957 ) is an ethnomusicologist and researcher .
Tal Mosseri ( Hebrew : טל מוסרי ; born 30 August 1975 ) is an Israeli television host , and a theater and television actor .
Jonas Bendiksen ( 8 September 1977 ) is a Norwegian photojournalist based near Oslo .
Noor Muhammad ( 15 April 1951 -- 12 April 2004 ) was a notable Pakistani mathematician and mathematics writer who made an original contribution to the fields of C*-algebra , symmetric topology and pure mathematics .
Islwyn Morris ( 26 August 1920 -- 26 April 2011 ) was a Welsh - speaking actor and director , best known for his roles in Welsh - language television , such as those of David Tushingham in `` Pobol y Cwm '' and Idris Vaughan in `` Glas y Dorlan '' .
Sara Kristoffersson was born in Stockholm 1972 and is a Swedish writer and professor of design history and theory at Konstfack University College of Arts , Crafts and Design in Stockholm .
Goes Ahead ( 1851 - May 31 , 1919 ) was a Crow scout for George Armstrong Custer 's 7th Cavalry during the 1876 campaign against the Sioux and Northern Cheyenne .
Harriet A. Roche ( née Mills , later Boomer ) ( 1835 -- 1921 ) was a Canadian author .
Lucian Nethsingha ( born 1936 ) is a Sri Lankan born British cathedral organist , who served in Exeter Cathedral .
Thomas Bang ( born 6 September 1938 ) is a Danish sculptor who in the 1970s contributed to Conceptual art and Pop art in the United States .
Emir Kusturica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Емир Кустурица , born 24 November 1954 ) is a Serbian filmmaker , actor and musician .
Edwin Otoniel Carranza Solís ( born 22 December 1983 ) is a Salvadoran professional football player who currently plays for Salvadoran Second Division side ADI .
Zak Smith ( born July 16 , 1976 ) , also known as Zak Sabbath , is an American artist and adult film performer .
Mary - Jo Wormell ( born 1947 ) , better known as Mary Lyons , was a popular British writer of 45 romance novels for Mills & Boon from 1983 to 2001 .
Christa Frieda Vogel was born in 1960 in Meppen , Emsland in Germany , and studied graphic design from 1982 to 1988 at what is now the Berlin University of the Arts and photography at the Ostkreuzschule with Arno Fischer .
Dick Lammi ( January 15 , 1909 -- November 29 , 1969 ) was an American jazz tubist and bassist associated with Dixieland jazz .
Mohammed Saeed Harib ( Arabic : محمد سعيد حارب‎ ; born in 1978 , in Dubai ) is an animator from the United Arab Emirates , accredited as the creator and producer of FREEJ ; an animated UAE cartoon series .
Angus Suttie ( 26 November 1946 -- 17 June 1993 ) was a studio potter and teacher of art ceramics , most notably at Morley College , London .
Mohammad Bagher Kharazi ( born 26 June 1961 ) is an Iranian cleric and a candidate for the presidential elections held in June 2013 .
Edward Hasted ( 20 December 1732 OS ( 31 December 1732 NS ) -- 14 January 1812 ) was the author of a major county history , The History and Topographical Survey of the County of Kent ( 1778 - -99 ) .
Hossein Omoumi ( born 1944 ) is a scholar and teacher of Persian traditional music , who is Maseeh Professor in Persian Performing Arts in the department of music at the University of California , Irvine Claire Trevor School of the Arts .
Lorenzo Quinteros ( born 1945 ) is an Argentine cinema and theatre actor .
Dinç Bilgin ( born 1940 ) is a Turkish businessman who built up a media empire which was seized by the Turkish government in 2002 over alleged financial irregularities .
David Hassan , PhD ( born 16 November 1972 , Derry , Northern Ireland ) is an academic , writer , and current Professor of Sport Policy and Management at the University of Ulster .
Tahir Amin ( طاہر امین , born 13 March 1952 ) is a Pakistani political scientist who is appointed as Vice Chancellor Bahauddin Zakariya University , in Multan , Pakistan .
Dale Launer ( born May 18 , 1952 ) is an American comedy screenwriter .
Stephen Ewart ( born 13 March 1869 in Birmingham , Warwickshire - died 1953 in Middlesex ) was a British actor .
Will Snowdon ( born 7 January 1983 ) is an English professional footballer , who played in the Scottish leagues for Livingston , Partick Thistle and Stranraer .
Susan Stahnke ( born 7 September 1967 ) is a German TV presenter .
Major General John H. Little ( born c. 1943 ) served as the 12th Superintendent of Wentworth Military Academy in Lexington , Missouri from 2002 to 2007 .
Apurba Kishore Bir ( born 1948 ) , also known as A. K. Bir , is an Indian film cinematographer , screenwriter and director .
Antonio Bresciani ( Piacenza , 1720 - 31 October 1817 ) was an Italian painter and engraver .
Terry Butler ( born November 10 , 1967 ) is the current bassist in the death metal bands Obituary and Massacre .
Ingrid van der Elst ( born 4 May 1955 ) is a former Dutch sportswoman who represented her country in both cricket and field hockey .
Eugene Lehner ( 1906 -- 13 September 1997 ) was a violist and music educator .
Cindy Kolodziejski ( born 1962 in Augsburg , Germany ) is a contemporary ceramic artist living and working in Venice , California .
Frank Wörndl ( born 28 June 1959 ) is a retired German Alpine skier .
Marty Kristian ( born Martin Vanags on 27 May 1947 ) is a German - born Australian musician .
Niklaus Pfluger , SSPX ( born 3 November 1958 ) , is a Catholic priest and First Assistant of the Traditional Catholic Society of St. Pius X.
Alexander Calandra , PhD ( 1911 - March 8 , 2006 ) was a scientist , educator , and author , perhaps best remembered for his short story , `` Angels on a Pin ( 101 Ways to Use a Barometer ) . ''
Nikos Karakostas ( Greek : Νίκος Καρακώστας ; born 22 September 1976 ) is a Greek football player who currently plays for Levadiakos FC .
Salvador Rogelio Ortega Martínez ( born 26 July 1955 ) is a Mexican educator who was appointed interim Governor of Guerrero on 27 October 2014 following the resignation of Ángel Aguirre Rivero after the political scandal of the 43 missing students in Iguala .
Charles Beauclerk , 2nd Duke of St Albans , KG KB ( 6 April 1696 -- 27 July 1751 ) was the son of Charles Beauclerk , 1st Duke of St Albans , and his wife Diana Beauclerk , Duchess of St Albans .
Katie Price ( born ; Katrina Amy Alexandra Alexis Infield 22 May 1978 ) , previously known by the pseudonym Jordan , is an English television personality and glamour model .
Frederica Mathewes - Green ( born 1952 ) is an Eastern Orthodox author and speaker on the subjects of religion and abortion .
William Alan Durban ( born 7 July 1941 ) is a Welsh former international footballer and manager between the 1970s and 1990s .
Donia Samir Ghanem ( Arabic : دنيا سمير غانم‎ ; born 1 January 1985 ) is an Egyptian actress and singer .
Zdzisław Bradel ( born 21 June 1950 ) is a Polish politician , poet , and journalist who served as Advisor to the Deputy Prime Minister from 1992 to 1993 .
Abraham Z. Joffe ( 1909 - -2000 ) was Professor of Mycology and Mycotoxicology at the Hebrew University , Jerusalem .
Ana Bebić was born on 7 May 1986 in Metković , Croatia , as the third and youngest child in the Bebić family .
Juan Rafael Cortés Santiago , known as Duquende ( born 1965 ) , is a Spanish flamenco cantaor ( singer ) .
Emil Wilhelm Wahlforss ( 25 June 1891 -- 20 June 1969 ) was a Finnish engineer , industrialist and vuorineuvos .
Kate Charles ( born 1950 ) is an Anglo - American crime writer .
Ken Sagoes ( born 1967 ) is an American actor who has starred in films and in television .
Arthur O'Donnell ( born 1891 ) was an Irish hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Tipperary senior team .
Nelson Marshall Cooke ( born 4 March 1938 ) is an Australian retired politician .
Konstantin - Assen , Prince of Vidin , Duke of Saxony ( born 5 December 1967 ) is the fourth son of Tsar Simeon II of Bulgaria and his wife Doña Margarita Gómez - Acebo y Cejuela .
Arthur Lees ( 21 February 1908 -- 26 March 1992 ) was an English professional golfer who played from the 1930s to 1960s .
Joey Scarpellino ( born in 1994 ) is an actor from Quebec .
Robert Hughes , Baron Hughes of Woodside ( born 3 January 1932 ) is a British Labour politician , who was also Chair of the British Anti - Apartheid Movement ( AAM ) from 1976 until it was dissolved in 1995 after the ending of apartheid in South Africa .
Tino Schaedler ( born 1972 ) is a German film art director specializing in digital sets .
Alexandru Mățel ( born 17 October 1989 ) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays for Croatian team Dinamo Zagreb mainly as a right back .
Kim Chol - ho ( Chosŏn'gŭl : 김철호 ; born 15 October 1985 ) is a North Korean international football player .
Joel Caine ( born 18 September 1978 ) is an Australian retired professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s , who currently works as a presenter on The Game Plan ( NRL ) .
Lesley - Ann Skeete ( born 20 February 1967 ) is an English former track and field athlete who competed in the 100 metres hurdles .
Ricardo Ramina ( born 21 August 1951 ) is a notable Brazilian neurosurgeon and university Professor .
Jakub Řezníček ( born 26 May 1988 ) is a Czech football player who plays as a striker for FC Zbrojovka Brno in the Synot liga , the top Czech league .
Rendall Munroe ( born 1 June 1980 in Leicester , England ) is an English super bantamweight boxer .
Richard Fielder ( born 1758 in East Malling , Kent ; died 1826 in Gravesend , Kent ) was an English professional cricketer who made 20 known appearances in major cricket matches between 1790 and 1801 .
Joe Lumsden ( 1875 ) is a former English footballer who played as a defender .
Johann Ludwig Hannemann ( 25 October 1640 -- 25 October 1724 ) was a professor of medicine who famously opposed the idea of the circulation of the blood .
José Aguirre de Achá ( 1877 - ? ) was a Bolivian writer , politician and lawyer from Cochabamba .
Dr. Nihar Ranjan Gupta ( Bengali : নীহাররঞ্জন গুপ্ত ) ( 6 June 1911 -- 20 February 1986 ) was an Indian dermatologist and a popular Bengali novelist .
Joseph Kanon ( born 1946 ) is an American author , best known for thriller and spy novels set in the period immediately after World War II .
Admir Raščić ( Chinese : 拉斯錫 ; born 16 September 1981 ) is a Bosnian football player who currently plays for Hong Kong Premier League club Sun Pegasus as a centre forward .
Francis Joyon ( born 28 May 1956 ) is a French professional sail boat racer and yachtsman , and currently holds the record for the fastest single - handed sailing circumnavigation .
Mientje Kling ( 27 July 1894 -- 26 February 1966 ) was a Dutch theatre and film actress and radio personality .
Toprak Razgatlıoğlu ( born 16 October 1996 ) is a motorcyclist from Turkey .
Rachid Ghezzal ( born 9 May 1992 ) is an Algerian footballer who plays for French club Lyon in Ligue 1 and the Algeria national team .
Agim Canaj ( born 14 July 1962 ) is an Albanian football head coach and former player .
Albina Mayorova ( born 16 May 1977 ) , née Albina Gennadyevna Ivanova ( Russian : Альбина Геннадьевна Иванова ) , is a Russian long - distance runner who competes in marathon races .
Mai Neng Moua ( born May 5 , 1974 ) is a Hmong - American writer and a founder of the Paj Ntaub Voice , a Hmong literary magazine .
Ioannis Dimakopoulos was born in Vytina of Arcadia on 10 January 1833 , or , according to another theory , on 20 March 1835 .
Tim Weatherald ( born 31 July 1977 ) is a former Australian rules footballer with the Norwood Football Club and the Sturt Football Club of the SANFL .
Marvin Weinberger ( born 4 April 1989 ) in Laßnitzhöhe is an Austrian football striker for SC Kalsdorf .
Dieter Stauder ( born 1940 ) is a German attorney - at - law and an expert in intellectual property law .
Sara Mandiano , ( born 25 January 1958 as Françoise Castellani ) is a French singer and songwriter .
Ross McCormack ( born 18 August 1986 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for English club Fulham and the Scotland national team as a striker .
Bernardino Zaganelli ( Italian pronunciation : ( dzaɡaˈnɛlli ) ) , also Bernardino di Bosio Zaganelli and Bernardino da Cotignola , ( 1460 - -1470 -- 1510 ) was an Italian Renaissance painter .
Henry Wiencek ( born 1952 ) is an American journalist , historian and editor whose work has encompassed historically significant architecture , the Founding Fathers , various topics relating to slavery , and the Lego company .
Saif al - Arab Gaddafi ( Arabic : سيف العرب القذافي‎ , lit . Sword of the Arabs ; of the Gaddafa ; 1982 -- 30 April 2011 ) was the sixth son of former Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi .
Park Junyoung ( born 12 March 1982 ) is a South Korean singer from Busan who debuted in Japan in March 2012 with the single `` Ai - Que Sera Sera '' ( 愛・ケセラセラ ) .
Leigh Hatcher ( born 25 August 1955 ) is a veteran broadcast Australian journalist and author .
Katerina Kazelis ( born 4 March 1977 ) is a Swedish singer and Big Brother 2011 housemate .
Pons Maar ( born August 4 , 1951 ) is an American actor , puppeteer , artist and voice actor .
Frederick Settle Barff ( 6 October 1822 -- 11 August 1886 ) was an English chemist , ecclesiastical decorator , and stained glass manufacturer , much interested in theology .
John Patrick Carroll ( Dubuque , Iowa , 22 February 1864 -- Switzerland , 2 November 1925 ) was an American Catholic priest , who became the second Bishop of Helena , Montana , U.S.A. He was ordained a priest on 7 July 1889 and was consecrated the second Bishop of Helena on 21 December 1904 .
Robert Youds ( born 1954 in Burnaby , British Columbia ) is a Canadian artist based in Victoria , British Columbia .
Sakshi Tanwar ( born 12 January 1973 ) is an Indian television and film actress who started her career as an anchor in Doordarshan .
Claus E. Heinrich ( 21 June 1955 ) is a German manager , entrepreneur , who is an honorary professor for Operations Research at both the Technical University of Berlin and the University of Mannheim .
Johann Ernst Hanxleden ( 1681 - 1732 ) , famously known as Arnos Paathiri was a German Jesuit priest , missionary in India and a Malayalam / Sanskrit poet , grammarian , lexicographer , and philologist .
Walter Polovchak ( born 3 October 1967 ) is a Ukrainian - American who , as a child , became the center of the legal case Polovchak v. Meese after refusing to leave the United States and return to Ukraine in the Soviet Union with his parents when he was 12 .
Sir Andrew Henderson Leith Fraser , KCSI ( 14 November 1848 -- 26 February 1919 ) was an Indian Civil Servant and the Lieutenant Governor of Bengal between 1903 and 1908 .
Black Jack Mulligan ( born c. 1940 ) is an English former professional wrestler .
Dima Wannous ( Arabic : ديمة ونوس‎ ) ( born 1982 ) is a Syrian writer and translator .
Alan Nolan ( born 4 June 1985 ) is a hurler for Dublin and St Brigid 's .
Robert Barclay Allardice of Ury ( 25 August 1779 , Stonehaven , Kincardineshire -- 8 May 1854 ) , generally known as Captain Barclay , was a notable Scottish walker of the early 19th century , known as the celebrated pedestrian .
Roy Chambers ( born c. 1894 , date of death unknown ) was a rugby union player who represented Australia .
Yekta Güngör Özden ( born 1932 ) is a Turkish judge , and former president of the Constitutional Court of Turkey .
Langton Rusere ( born 7 July 1985 ) is a Zimbabwean cricket umpire .
Stephen Burpee Appleby ( 1836 in Florenceville , New Brunswick -- December 10 , 1903 ) was a Canadian politician and lawyer .
Michael John Harrison ( born 26 July 1945 ) , known for publication purposes primarily as M. John Harrison , is an English author and literary critic .
Gary Himelfarb ( born 1954 ) , aka Doctor Dread , is a reggae producer who founded RAS Records .
According to Asimov 's fictional history of robotics , Susan Calvin was born in 1982 , the same year that US Robots and Mechanical Men was incorporated .
Salma Mumtaz ( 1926 -- January 21 , 2012 ) was a Pakistani film actress , dancer , director and producer .
Edmond Dauchot ( Gosselies , 1905 - 1978 ) was a Belgian photographer , poet and engraver .
Dr. Joseph Dangerfield ( born 1977 ) is a composer , pianist , and conductor who has lived and worked professionally in Germany , Holland , Russia , and the United States .
Michiel Mol ( born 4 August 1969 , Breda ) is a Dutch businessman and the director of the Force India ( formerly Spyker F1 ) Formula One team .
Zhang Xinfeng ( simplified Chinese : 张新枫 ; traditional Chinese : 張新楓 ; pinyin : Zhāng Xīnfēng ; born 28 August 1952 ) is a Chinese police and security official , serving since 2016 as the Special Anti - terrorism Officer of the government of the People 's Republic of China .
Giles Boothroyd ( 17 March 1969 ) birth registered in Pontefract district , is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s and ' 90s , playing at club level for Castleford , and Halifax , as a centre , i.e. number 3 or 4 .
Igors Pavlovs ( born 1 January 1965 in Lipetsk , Russian SFSR , USSR ) is retired professional Latvian ice hockey player .
Dhondup Wangchen ( born 17 October 1974 ) is a Tibetan filmmaker imprisoned by the Chinese government in 2008 on charges related to his documentary Leaving Fear Behind .
Ikeda Tomomasa ( 池田 知正 ; 1544 - -1603 ) was a kokujin and military commander in the Azuchi - Momoyama period .
Muid Latif ( born 24 February 1979 ) is a Malaysian - based web designer , graphic designer and digital artist who actively promotes the arts of the Southeast Asia from Batik and other elements in his digital artwork .
Neil Mildenhall ( born 8 September 1968 ) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Fremantle Dockers in 1995 .
Jang Jo - yoon ( Hangul : 장조윤 ; born 1 January 1988 ) , alternatively spelt as Chang Jo - yoon , is a South Korean footballer who plays for Chungju Hummel in the K League Challenge .
Ahmad Hilmi of Filibe ( or Ahmet Hilmi ) ( 1865 - -1914 ) is a Sufi Turkish language writer and thinker .
Ryszard Stocki ( born 1960 ) is an organizational psychologist , educationalist and business consultant , who developed in his habilitation the first nosology of organizational pathologies .
Ian Peacock ( born 14 December 1962 ) is a radio presenter and writer .
James FitzGerald - Kenney ( 1 January 1878 -- 21 October 1956 ) was an Irish politician and Senior Counsel .
Rocky Michael Chopra ( born 23 December 1983 ) , known as Michael Chopra , is an English professional footballer who plays as a striker for Scottish Championship club Alloa Athletic .
Petr Zieris ( born 19 March 1989 ) is a Czech footballer currently playing for SK Slovan Varnsdorf on loan from Slovan Liberec .
Frederick Marshall ( 6 June 1902 -- 17 May 1975 ) was an Australian politician , and a member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly from 1956 until 1959 representing the seats of Wembley Beaches .
Carol Lynn Curchoe ( born in 1979 in Manchester , Connecticut ) is an American reproductive biologist specializing in molecular and cellular biology and biotechnology .
B. Sumeeth Reddy ( born 26 September 1991 ) is an Indian badminton player who currently plays men 's doubles .
Cristóbal de Pedraza ( 1485 - -c.1555 ) was a Spanish clergyman who became Bishop of Comayagua in Honduras in 1541 .
Kevin Hynes ( born 28 May 1986 ) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a full - back for the Galway senior team .
Jayaraman Gowrishankar ( born 1956 ) is an Indian medical microbiologist .
Queen Hazarika ( Assamese : কুইন হাজৰিকা ; born 16 October 1976 ) is an Indian playback singer and actress from Assam .
Shavkat Raimqulov ( Russian : Шавкат Раимкулов ; born 7 May 1984 ) is an Uzbekistani professional footballer .
Alice Keighley ( born 1993 ) is an Australian team handball and beach handball player .
Jasper Van Der Heyden ( 3 July 1995 ) is a Belgian professional football player who last played for ASV Geel .
Jean Baptiste Vanmour or Van Mour ( 9 January 1671 -- 22 January 1737 ) was a Flemish - French painter , remembered for his detailed portrayal of life in the Ottoman Empire during the Tulip Era and the rule of Sultan Ahmed III .
Mario Equicola ( c. 1470 -- 26 July 1525 ) was an Italian Renaissance humanist : a neolatin author , a bibliophile , and a courtier of Isabella d'Este and Federico II Gonzaga .
Mary Heilmann ( born 1940 ) is an American contemporary artist whose works include paintings , works on paper , ceramics , and furniture .
Jeong Yeon - jin ( born 2 February 1990 ) , better known as Jin Jeong , is a South Korean professional golfer .
Bodhin Kjolhede ( born 1948 ) is a Sōtō / Rinzai Zen roshi and Abbot of the Rochester Zen Center ( RZC ) , a position he assumed when Philip Kapleau retired from teaching in 1986 .
Glòria Muñoz ( born 12 August 1949 ) is a Spanish painter , and a professor of painting at the University of Barcelona .
Amy Manson ( born 9 September 1985 ) is a Scottish actress , known for portraying Alice Guppy in Torchwood , Abby Evans in Casualty , Lizzie Siddal in Desperate Romantics , Daisy Hannigan - Spiteri in Being Human and Medea in Atlantis .
Colonel William Vincent Legge ( 2 September 1841 -- 25 March 1918 ) was an Australian soldier and an ornithologist who documented the birds of Sri Lanka .
Li Rongrong ( Chinese : 李荣融 ; born 1944 ) is a politician of the People 's Republic of China and the former chairman of State - owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council of PRC .
Gudakesh Motie ( born 29 March 1995 ) is a Guyanese cricketer who has played for Guyana in West Indian domestic cricket .
Raymond Meredith Belbin ( born 1926 ) is a British researcher and management theorist best known for his work on management teams .
Ben Reid ( born 29 April 1989 ) is an Australian rules footballer for Collingwood in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Kozza Smith ( born Korey Williams on 20 March 1988 in Cessnock , New South Wales ) is an Australian motorcycle speedway rider .
Theodor Siebs ( German pronunciation : ( ˈteːodoːɐ̯ ˈziːps ) ; 26 August 1862 -- 28 May 1941 ) was a German linguist most remembered today as the author of Deutsche Bühnenaussprache ( English : German stage pronunciation ) published in 1898 .
Jack Potter ( born 13 April 1938 in Coburg , Victoria ) is a former Australian cricketer who played 81 matches for Victoria .
Funda Arar ( Turkish pronunciation : ( funˈda aˈɾaɾ ) ) ( born 8 April 1975 , Ankara ) is a Turkish singer .
Consuelo Sáizar Guerrero ( born 1961 in Acaponeta , Nayarit ) is an editor , writer and publisher , currently the director of the Consejo Nacional para la Cultura y las Artes ( CONACULTA ) .
Ronald James Blake , OBE , JP ( Chinese : 詹伯樂 , born 1934 ) is a civil engineer , and a former Secretary for Works in the government of colonial Hong Kong .
Honour Margaret Rosell Santoi Fuller , better known as Jill Summers ( 8 December 1910 -- 11 January 1997 ) , was a British music hall performer and comedienne .
E. Frederic Morrow ( c. 1906-July 20 , 1994 ) was the first African American to hold an executive position at the White House .
Jorge Coste Cacho ( born 11 November 1988 ) is a Mexican professional football defender who formerly played for Chiapas in the Primera División de México .
Luciana Arrighi ( born 1940 ) is a Brazilian - born , Australian - raised , Italian production designer .
Pierre - Yves Monette ( born 1960 ) is the former Secretary - General of EUREAU , a visiting professor at the College of Europe , registered Mediator and attorney at the Brussels Bar .
Yang Jianli ( b. Shandong , China , 1963 ) is a Chinese dissident with United States residency .
Antony Jinman ( born 8 April 1981 ) is a British polar adventurer .
Grégoire François Du Rietz ( 1607 , Arras - 5 February 1682 , Maria Magdalena church , Stockholm ) was a French physician .
Brittany Beattie ( born 1994 ) is an Australian model , best known for winning cycle 9 of Australia 's Next Top Model .
Mevlud Meladze ( Georgian : მევლუდ მელაძე ) ( born 5 September 1972 ) is Georgia 's best known motorsports promoter and road safety activist , the founder and vice - president of the Georgian AutoSport Federation , a non - profit association that represents the interests of motoring organisations and car users in Georgia .
Vivian Zahl Olsen ( born 24 January 1942 ) is a Norwegian artist , graphic designer and illustrator .
Sir Norman William Kater ( 18 November 1874 - -18 August 1965 ) was a medical practitioner , pastoralist and member of the New South Wales Legislative Council .
Frank Goosen ( born 31 May 1966 ) is a German cabaret artist and author .
Martin J. Goodman ( born in Leicester in 1956 ) is an English journalist and writer .
Nancy Heppner ( born 1971 ) is a current Saskatchewan Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan , first sitting with Her Majesty 's Loyal Opposition , and now as a member of the Government of Saskatchewan .
Augustine Chacon ( 1861 - November 21 , 1902 ) , or El Peludo ( English : `` The Hairy One '' ) , was a Mexican outlaw and folk hero of Arizona Territory .
Jukka Mikkola ( born 3 July 1943 , Vampula ) is a Finnish politician from the Social Democratic Party .
William Murdoch ( sometimes spelled Murdock ) ( 21 August 1754 -- 15 November 1839 ) was a Scottish engineer and long - term inventor .
Chris Ronayne ( born 1968 ) is the President of University Circle Inc. in Cleveland , Ohio , a community development corporation responsible for the growth of the University Circle with a focus on health care , education , and arts & culture .
Alfred H. Caspary ( 1877 - -1955 ) , of New York , was a philatelist responsible for assembling one of the finest collections of United States postage stamps .
Chris Emery also known as Chris Hamilton - Emery ( born 23 November 1963 ) is a British poet and literary publisher .
Sanjuana Martínez Montemayor is a Mexican journalist born on 1963 in Monterrey , Nuevo León , México , who writes for Proceso magazine and for La Jornada newspaper .
Susumu Kagawa ( born in 1944 ) is a Japanese urologist and a coauthor of 41 peer - reviewed articles all of which can be found on Web of Science and PubMed .
Louis Conrad Rosenberg , born in 1890 in Portland , Oregon , was an American printmaker .
Martin Dermott ( born 25 September 1967 in Wigan , England ) is a former professional rugby league footballer who was capped 12 times for the Great Britain national team .
Moses Lim ( born 1950 ) is a Singaporean actor , comedian , entertainer and food connoisseur , known for playing Tan Ah Teck in the Singaporean sitcom Under One Roof .
Robin Copping ( born 1934 ) is an Australian cinematographer and producer .
Viktor Andersson , born 28 September 1982 , is a Swedish floorball player .
Rahul Bhattacharya ( born 1979 ) is an Indian journalist and novelist .
Moses Little ( 1724 - -1798 ) , born on May 8 , 1724 in Newbury , Massachusetts .
Richard P. Gabriel ( born 1949 ) is an American computer scientist who is known for his work related to the Lisp programming language ( and especially Common Lisp ) in computing .
Narayan Gangopadhyay ( Bengali : নারায়ণ গঙ্গোপাধ্যায় ; 1918 - -1970 ) , also known as Narayan Ganguly , was a renowned South Asian novelist , poet , essayist , and short story writer who was born at Baliadingi in Dinajpur in undivided Bengal , on 4 February 1918 , son of Pramathanath Gangopadhyay .
Gayle Gardner ( born ca . 1950 ) is an American sportscaster who worked for ESPN and NBC Sports beginning in 1987 until 1993 .
Mary Barzee Flores ( born 1962 ) is a Florida attorney in private practice and is a nominee to be a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida .
Dong Xuesheng ( simplified Chinese : 董学升 ; traditional Chinese : 董學升 ; pinyin : Dǒng Xuéshēng ; born 22 May 1989 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou Evergrande in the Chinese Super League .
Cristiano Castelfranchi ( born 1944 in Rome ) is a senior research scientist at the Institute of Psychology of the Italian National Research Council .
Owen Drake ( 1936 -- June 27 , 2011 ) was an American Republican politician .
Frank Abarno ( 6 May 1891 -- 5 January 1978 ) was an Italian anarchist , and a Galleanist who were accused and convicted of an anarchist plot to blow up St. Patrick 's Cathedral in March 1915 .
Sharlene Wells Hawkes ( born 16 March 1964 ) , from Salt Lake City , Utah , was Miss America 1985 .
Markus Schulz ( English pronunciation : /ˈmɑrkʉs ˈʃʊlts/ ; German : ( ˈmaʁkʊs ˈʃʊlt͡s ) ; born 3 February 1975 ) , is a German - American DJ and music producer .
Father Nicholas Sheehy ( 1728 - -1766 ) was an 18th - century Irish Roman Catholic priest who was executed on charge of accessory to murder .
Howard E. Dorsey ( July 10 , 1904 -- August 7 , 1937 ) was a hydraulic engineer who was a member of the Los Angeles , California , City Council in 1937 .
Paul Sahre ( born 1964 ) is an American graphic designer perhaps best known for his book cover designs and illustrations for The New York Times .
Merho ( 24 October 1948 ) , the pseudonym of Robert Merhottein , is a Belgian comic - book writer and artist , best known for creating the comic strip De Kiekeboes .
Mohammad Reza Rajabi ( Persian : محمدرضا رجبی‎ , born 10 January 1986 ) is an Iranian handball player for Naft Al - Janoob and the Iranian national team .
Ned Weir ( born 1910 , date of death unknown ) was an Irish footballer who played for several clubs in the Scottish Football League .
Syeda Rizwana Hasan ( born 15 January 1968 ) is a Bangladeshi attorney and environmentalist .
Müslüm Yelken ( born 28 November 1988 ) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a winger .
Shraga Topolansky ( Hebrew : שרגא טופולנסקי‎ ; born 1950 ) is an Israeli former footballer who played in Maccabi Netanya , Beitar Tel Aviv and in the National Soccer League and the Victorian Premier League in Australia , today he works as a manager with Beitar Hadera being the last team he managed .
Bose Venkat ( born 15 May 1975 ) is an Indian film actor who appears in Tamil films and television serials .
Colin Greenall ( born 30 December 1963 in Billinge , Lancashire ) is an English former professional footballer who made over 600 Football League appearances between 1980 and 1999 .
Giuseppe Panico ( born 10 May 1997 ) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a striker for Italian Serie A club Genoa .
Suimenkul Chokmorov ( Kyrgyz : Сүймөнкул Чокморов ; Russian : Суйменкул Чокморов ; 9 November 1939 -- 26 September 1992 ) was a Kyrgyz film actor born in Chon Tash village , Kirghiz SSR ( now Kyrgyzstan ) .
Francesco Spiera ( 1502 -- December 27 , 1548 ) was a Protestant Italian jurist .
Bruce Calverley ( 21 January 1918 -- 14 May 1961 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Joshua Dziabiak ( born 1987 ) is an American entrepreneur and business executive .
Christian Gueintz ( 13 October 1592 -- 3 April 1650 ) was a teacher and writer - grammarian .
Paul Langford FBA FRHistS ( 20 November 1945 , Bridgend -- 27 July 2015 ) was a British historian .
J. Peter Burgess ( born 1 June 1961 in Munich , Germany ) is a philosopher and political scientist .
Mustapha Badid ( born 1964 ) is a paralympic track and field athlete from France competing mainly in category T53 wheelchair racing events .
Okot p'Bitek ( 7 June 1931 -- 20 July 1982 ) was a Ugandan poet , who achieved wide international recognition for Song of Lawino , a long poem dealing with the tribulations of a rural African wife whose husband has taken up urban life and wishes everything to be westernised .
Eric Saward ( pronounced SAY - ward ) was born on 9 December 1944 and became a scriptwriter and script editor for the BBC , resigning from the latter post on the TV programme Doctor Who in 1986 .
Sin Chung - kai , SBS , JP ( Chinese : 單仲偕 ) ( born 15 June 1960 , in Hong Kong with family roots in Dongguan , Guangdong ) is a member of Hong Kong Legislative Council and former member of Kwai Tsing District Council .
Samir Assaf ( Arabic : سمير عساف ; born 20 June 1960 ) is the CEO of HSBC Global Banking & Markets .
Lisa Lapinski ( born in 1967 in Palo Alto , California ) is an American visual artist who creates dense , formally complex sculptures which utilize both the language of traditional craft and advanced semiotics .
Jaroslava Blažková ( born 15 November 1933 ) is a Slovak novelist , short story writer , children 's writer and journalist .
Pavlos Kountouriotis ( Greek : Παύλος Κουντουριώτης , 9 April 1855 -- 22 August 1935 ) was a Greek rear admiral during the Balkan Wars , regent , and the first and third President of the Second Hellenic Republic .
Johannes Hentschel ( 10 May 1908 -- 27 April 1982 ) was a German - Danish master electro - mechanic for German dictator Adolf Hitler 's apartments in the Old Chancellery .
Sybille Gruner ( born 18 May 1969 ) was a member of the women 's national handball team between 1989 and 1995 .
Itamar Shimoni ( born in 1968 ) is an Israeli politician and current mayor of Ashkelon , Israel .
Arthur D. Nicholson ( 7 June 1947 - 24 March 1985 ) was a United States Army military intelligence officer shot by a Soviet sentry while engaged in intelligence - gathering activities as part of an authorized Military Liaison Mission which operated under reciprocal U.S. - Soviet authority .
Kumaran also known as Tiruppur Kumaran ( 4 October 1904 - 1 November 1932 ) was an Indian revolutionary who participated in the Indian independence movement .
Shane Bowes ( born 4 March 1969 , Adelaide , South Australia ) is a former motorcycle speedway rider .
Antonio Rubio Pérez ( Soriano , 1882 - 1953 ) was a Uruguayan journalist and politician .
Claude d'Annebault ( 1495 - - 2 November 1552 ) was a French military officer ;
Charles Martin Edwards ( born 24 July 1945 ) was the chairman of Manchester United from 1980 until 2002 .
Lorne Rubenstein ( born 25 June 1948 in Toronto , Canada ) is a Canadian golf journalist and author .
Riho Sibul , born 26 June 1958 , is an Estonian singer and guitarist of rock band Ultima Thule .
Gemma Hallett ( born 24 August 1981 ) is a Welsh rugby union player who has played second row and capped 35 times for Wales .
Graham Johncock ( born 21 October 1982 ) is a former Australian rules footballer with the Adelaide Crows in the Australian Football League .
Delaine Le Bas ( born 1965 ) is a British Artist from a Romany background .
Ralph Radcliffe Whitehead ( 1854 - -1929 ) was the founder and chief benefactor of the `` Byrdcliffe Arts and Crafts Colony '' located in Woodstock , New York .
Evans Kangwa ( born 21 June 1994 ) is a Zambian international footballer who plays for Hapoel Ra'anana , on loan from Nkana , as a striker .
Doreen Reid Nakamarra ( c. 1955 - 20 October 2009 ) was an Australian Aboriginal artist and painter .
Stephen C. Meyer ( born 1958 ) is an advocate for intelligent design .
Carlos Casas ( born in Barcelona in 1974 ) is a Spanish filmmaker and visual artist .
Rabbi Yonasan Steif ( Yiddish : יונתן שטייף‎ ; 1877 - -1958 ) was a senior dayan of Budapest , Hungary , before the Second World War , a man whom Rabbi Moshe Feinstein referred to as the gadol hador ( spiritual leader of the generation ) .
Eran Ben - Shahar ( /ʃɑːˈxɑːr/ ; born 11 March 1969 ) is an Israeli author , philosopher , journalist and inventor .
Paullina Simons ( born 1963 in Leningrad , Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic ) is a Russian - born American writer and the international best - selling author of the novels Tully , Red Leaves , Eleven Hours , The Bronze Horseman , Tatiana and Alexander , Lily and The Summer Garden .
Jimmy Burn ( 17 December 1877 -- 7 September 1934 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Hans Heinze , sometimes referred to as Euthanasie - Heinze ( `` Euthanasia Heinze '' ; 18 October 1895 -- 4 February 1983 ) was a Nazi German psychiatrist and eugenicist .
Peter Hume Brown ( 17 December 1849 -- 1 December 1918 ) was a Scottish historian and professor who played an important part in establishing Scottish history as a significant academic discipline .
A native of Tampa , Florida , USA , David Fagen ( 1875- ? ) was an African - American soldier who defected during the Philippine - American War .
Andrew Bergman ( 20 February 1945 ) is an American screenwriter , film director , and novelist .
John H. Buckeridge ( 1857 - 1934 ) was an English - born Australian architect , who built about sixty churches in Queensland and is also remembered for remodeling the interior of the Macquarie era church of St James '' , King Street , Sydney .
Jean - Baptiste Lobréau , also called Citizen Lobréau in dispatches , born 24 March 1748 in Hautvilliers , Champagna , which is present - day Marne .
David Lowing ( born 4 September 1983 ) is a Scottish footballer currently with Irvine Meadow F.C in the Stagecoach Super League Premier Division of the Scottish Junior Football Association , West Region .
Jean - Jacques Quisquater ( born 13 January 1945 ) is a cryptographer and a professor at Université catholique de Louvain .
Michelle Lopez ( born in 1970 of Filipino descent ) is an American sculptor and installation artist , whose works incorporates divergent industrial materials in order to critique present day cultural phenomena .
Michael Sather ( born c. 1947 ) is a former MLA for Maple Ridge - Pitt Meadows in the Canadian province of British Columbia .
Mai - Thu Perret ( born in 1976 in Geneva ) is a Swiss artist of Franco - Vietnamese origin .
Clare Mallory is the penname under which Winifred Constance McQuilkan Hall ( 25 September 1913 -- 20 April 1991 ) wrote ten children 's books published between 1947 and 1951 .
Damien McCormack ( born 28 January 1987 ) is an Australian rules footballer formerly on the Western Bulldogs list in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Paul Anspach ( 1 April 1882 -- 28 August 1981 ) was a Belgian épée and foil fencer who competed in four consecutive Olympics ( 1908 , 1912 , 1920 and 1924 ) .
Michał Bemben ( born 28 January 1976 ) is a Polish - born German football player who currently plays for FC Frohlinde .
Jackie Mahood ( born c. 1954 ) was a Northern Irish loyalist activist with both the Ulster Volunteer Force ( UVF ) and Progressive Unionist Party ( PUP ) .
SallyAnn Salsano ( born c. 1974 ) is an American television producer .
Tristen ( Born Tristen Gaspadarek , 1983 ) is an American musician and songwriter .
Ernő Rubik ( Hungarian : ( ˈrubik ˈɛrnøː ) ; born 13 July 1944 ) is a Hungarian inventor , architect and professor of architecture .
Sian Adey - Jones ( born December 1957 ) is a former beauty queen and glamour model .
Alpha B. Kamara ( born 1 January 1978 ) is an Olympic athlete from Sierra Leone .
Wodajo Bulti ( born 11 March 1957 ) is a retired Ethiopian long - distance runner who specialized in the 5000 metres , 10000 metres and cross - country running .
Artashes Geghamyan ( Armenian : Արտաշես Գեղամյան , born 2 December 1949 ) is an Armenian politician .
Yang Yan ( simplified Chinese : 杨炎 ; traditional Chinese : 楊炎 ; pinyin : Yáng Yán ; Wade -- Giles : Yang2 Yen2 ) ( 727 - -781 ) , courtesy name Gongnan ( 公南 ) , was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty , serving as a chancellor early in the reign of Emperor Dezong .
Einar Lunde ( born 13 March 1943 ) is a Norwegian news anchor .
Mark Gregory Pegg ( born 1963 ) is an Australian professor of medieval history , currently teaching in the United States at Washington University in St. Louis , Missouri .
Noel Knockwood , ( 1932 - 2014 ) a Canadian first nations leader and Mi'kmaq Grand Council member since 1975 , was a spiritual leader of the Mi'kmaq People .
William Elvis Sloan I ( 1867 - -1961 ) invented the Flushometer flushing mechanism , which is installed in millions of commercial , institutional and industrial restrooms worldwide .
Marly van der Velden ( born 6 January 1988 , Delft ) is a Dutch actress and fashion designer .
Giorgos Vaitsis ( Greek : Γιώργος Βαΐτσης ; born 1 August 1967 ) , is a retired Greek footballer .
Veran Matić ( Serbian Cyrillic Веран Матић ; born in 1962 in Šabac , Yugoslavia ) is the Chief Executive Officer of B92 .
Arvo Pärt ( Estonian pronunciation : ( ˈɑrvo ˈpært ) ; born 11 September 1935 ) is an Estonian composer of classical and sacred music .
Vincent Forrester ( born 1952 ) is an Aboriginal Australian activist , artist and community leader .
Jonas Heymans ( born 6 February 1993 ) is a Belgian footballer who last played as a left back for FC Den Bosch in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
André Daniel Savary ( b. Salles , 1743 ) was a French naval officer and admiral .
Shabtai Shavit ( Hebrew : שבתי שביט‎ ; born 17 July 1939 ) was director general of the Mossad from 1989 to 1996 .
Zygmunt Choreń ( born 1941 ) is a Polish naval architect and the proprietor of the naval architectural firm Choreń Design and Consulting .
Tomás Bairéad ( 1893 -- 1973 ) was an Irish author and nationalist .
Gabriele Levy ( born 9 October 1958 ) is an Italian sculptor , writer , web master .
Howard Chapnick ( eng . Howard Chapnick , 1922 - -1996 ) was an American editor , photo editor and a longterm leader of Black Star picture agency .
Fanula Papazoglu ( Serbian : Фанула Папазоглу , Greek : Φανούλα Παπάζογλου , 1917 - - January 26 , 2001 ) was a Yugoslav and Serbian classical scholar , epigrapher and academic .
Yan Hong ( 阎红 , born 23 October 1966 ) is a retired Chinese race walker .
Frederic Hauge ( born 15 August 1965 ) is a Norwegian environmental activist .
Sid James ( born Solomon Joel Cohen ; 8 May 1913 -- 26 April 1976 ) was a South African - born British actor and comedian .
Lester Paul Wright ( born 1946 ) is a former senior British civil servant .
John Melhuish Strudwick ( 6 May 1849 Clapham , London -- 16 July 1937 Hammersmith ) , was an English Pre - Raphaelite painter , the son of William Strudwick ( 1808 - -1861 ) and Sarah Melhuish ( 1800 - -1862 ) .
Dominic Behan ( Irish : Doiminic Ó Beacháin ; 22 October 1928 -- 3 August 1989 ) was an Irish songwriter , short story writer , novelist and playwright who wrote in both Irish and English .
Scott James Remnant ( born 18 July 1980 ) is an open source Software Engineer .
Marthe Koala ( born 8 March 1994 ) is a Burkinabe athlete competing in the 100 metres hurdles and heptathlon .
Alter Mojze Goldman ( 17 November 1909 -- 1988 ) was a Polish Jew who was active in the French Résistance during World War II . He was born in Lublin after the death of his father .
Thomas Coupar ( 1862 -- unknown ) was a Scottish footballer who played in the Football League for Bolton Wanderers .
Prince Christian of Denmark , Count of Monpezat ( Christian Valdemar Henri John ; born 15 October 2005 ) is the elder son and eldest child of Crown Prince Frederik and Crown Princess Mary .
Eiichiro Azuma ( born 27 September 1966 , in Tokyo ) is an American historian , and Professor of History and Asian American Studies at the University of Pennsylvania .
Wolfgang Öxler OSB ( born 1 May 1957 in Dillingen an der Donau as Erwin Öxler ) is a German Benedictine and archabbot of the St. Ottilien Archabbey .
Matt Stevic ( born 12 November 1979 ) is an Australian rules football field umpire in the Australian Football League .
Vincent Logan was born in Bathgate , West Lothian on 30 June 1941 , the second youngest of five brothers .
Madabhushi Sridhar Acharyulu ( born 10 November 1956 ) is an Indian academic and Central Information Commissioner .
Saif Uddin Ahmad ( Bengali : সাইফ উদ্দিন আহমদ ; born 28 February 1957 ) is a Bangladesh - born British humanitarian and Chief Executive Officer of Al - Khair Foundation .
Michael D. Knox ( born 1946 , in Wyandotte , Michigan ) , is a Licensed Clinical Psychologist , Distinguished University Professor , author , Research Center Director , and Founder and CEO of the US Peace Memorial Foundation , a 501(c)(3 ) public charity .
Aselefech Mergia Medessa ( Amharic : አሰለፈች መርግአ ; born 23 January 1985 ) is an Ethiopian long - distance runner who competes in the marathon .
Michele McDonald ( born c. 1953 ) is an American nurse , model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss USA 1971 and represented USA at Miss Universe 1971 and one of the Semi - finalists .
Ted Goodwin ( born 1953 ) of Māori descent is an Australian former professional rugby league player in the NSWRL competition .
Shmuel Oswald Rufeisen ( 1922 - -1998 ) , better known as Brother ( or Father ) Daniel , O.C.D. , was a Polish - born Jew who survived the Nazi invasion of his homeland , in the course of which he converted to Christianity , becoming a Catholic and a friar of the Discalced Carmelite Order .
Nicholas Hely Hutchinson ( born 1955 ) is a painter , based in Dorset .
Tommy Fitzgerald ( born 2 January 1970 ) was an Irish soccer player during the 1990s .
Arthur Jepson ( 12 July 1915 -- 17 July 1997 ) was an English first - class cricketer who played for Nottinghamshire before becoming an umpire .
Howard Rogers ( born 1932 ) is an illustrator who specialised in drawing nude figures and cowboy scenes .
Vitaliy Baranov ( Ukrainian : Віталій Баранов ; born 18 January 1975 ) is a former competitive ice dancer .
Alain Destexhe ( born 19 June 1958 ) is a Belgian liberal politician .
Donato Bottone ( born 21 June 1988 ) is an Italian footballer , He did n't sign for Sondrio because he and his girlfriend , who is pregnant , did n't like the city and went away before signing the contract withSondrio Calcio
Mayumi Kawasaki ( Japanese : 川崎 真裕美 ; born 10 May 1980 ) is a Japanese race walker .
Robert Nebřenský ( born 8 February 1964 ) is a Czech actor , musician , comedian , songwriter and composer .
Jamshed Ahmed ( born 10 December 1988 ) in Lahore is a Pakistani left - arm swing bowler .
Rachel Lloyd ( born 1975 ) is a British anti trafficking advocate , author and the founder of Girls Educational and Mentoring Services .
James Hilterbrand ( born 21 May 1989 ) is an Australian - born United States international rugby union player , currently playing for South African Currie Cup side the Eastern Province Kings .
Kim Nelson ( born 1958 Kiama , ( ( New South Wales)died 12 August 2015 ) ) was an Australian artist .
Patrick Wensink is an American author ( born 1979 ) .
Faye Armitage ( born 29 May 1958 in Bogotá , Colombia ) is a health activist and Florida politician , known for her advocacy efforts in support of stem cell research .
Stuart Pivar ( born 1930 ) is a chemist , art collector and author from Brooklyn , New York .
Li Xiangyu ( born 21 October 1985 in Shuangyashan , Heilongjiang ) is a Chinese middle distance runner who specializes in the 800 metres .
Nathan of Gaza was born in Jerusalem around 1643 - 1644 ; he died on Friday , January 11 , 1680 in Macedonia .
William George Clark ( March 1821 -- 6 November 1878 ) was an English classical and Shakespearean scholar .
Václav Dobruský ( Bulgarian : Вацлав Добруски , Vatslav Dobruski ; 11 August 1858 - -24 December 1916 ) was a Czech archaeologist , epigrapher and numismatist who was mostly active in Bulgaria .
Anthony Masterson ( born on 5 January 1983 ) is an Irish sportsperson who currently plays Gaelic football for Wexford Senior Football Championship team Castletown GAA and the Wexford intercounty team since making his debut in 2005 .
Davide Recchiuti ( born 1 April 1994 ) is a former Italian professional footballer who plays for San Nicolò .
Anna Bayle ( born 1956 ) is a Filipino ex - model who achieved success in the late 1970s and 1980s .
Mark Pendergrast ( born 1948 ) is an American independent scholar and author of five books , including Mirror Mirror :
Yaser Hacımustafaoğlu ( born 14 October 1991 ) is a Turkish professional footballer who is currently a free agent after his contract with Belediye Vanspor expired in May 2012 .
Halil Savda ( born 1974 ) is a Turkish conscientious objector who has been subjected to continued arrest and conviction for his refusal to serve mandatory military service -- in direct violation of Turkish law .
Carter Mull ( born 1977 in Atlanta , Georgia ) is an American artist working in Los Angeles .
Syed Nayyar Hussain ( born 16 January 1936 , Aligarh , Uttar Pradesh , India ) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played first - class cricket from 1955 to 1978 .
Maiko Jeong Shun Lee , The Dowager Viscountess Rothermere ( born 1949 ) is a Korean citizen born in Japan who has also lived in New York , Paris and London .
Muhamed Preljević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мухамед Прељевић , born 16 June 1964 ) is a Serbian - born Bosnian former footballer and now a coach .
Jonathan Bartley ( born London , 16 October 1971 ) is an English politician and member of the Green Party of England and Wales .
Jordan Banjo ( born 31 December 1992 ) is a British street dancer , best known as a current member of the dance troupe Diversity , who won the third series of Britain 's Got Talent .
Denzil Holles , 3rd Baron Holles ( 1675 -- c.1692 ) was an English statesman , son of Francis Holles , 2nd Baron Holles , and grandson of Denzil Holles , 1st Baron Holles ( best known as one of the five members of parliament whom King Charles I of England attempted to arrest in 1642 ) .
Stefan Edwall ( born 1971 ) is an ITHF table hockey player .
Lindley Darden ( born 1945 ) is a contemporary philosopher of science , with a research focus on the philosophy of biology .
Walter Sichel ( 1855 - 1933 ) was an English biographer and lawyer , the brother of Edith Helen Sichel , of German descent , born in London and educated at Harrow and at Balliol College , Oxford .
Gayla Reid ( born 12 May 1945 ) is an Australian - born Canadian writer .
Khun Bedu ( born 1984 ) is an ethnically Karenni Burmese political activist , who was imprisoned from 2008 to 2012 for organizing protests against the 2008 Constitutional Referendum .
Gary Cameron ( born 14 June 1966 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian ( VFL ) and Australian Football Leagues .
Alena Gerber ( born 20 August 1989 ) is a German model , actress and TV host .
Miles Normandale ( born 21 September 1991 ) is an English rugby union player who plays for Cardiff Blues regional team as a lock .
Brendan Coogan ( born 17 July 1970 ) is a British television and radio presenter , from Middleton , Lancashire .
Abu Ishaq Al Heweny ( Arabic : أبو إسحاق الحوينى‎ , born June 1956 ) is regarded as a Salafi scholar .
Caio Vianna Martins ( 1923 - -1938 ) is a famous Scout and a Brazilian national hero .
Adam Brideson ( born 17 April 1981 , Toowoomba , Queensland ) is an Australian professional rugby league player for the Canterbury Bulldogs .
Frederik Christian Raben ( 23 March 1769 -- 6 July 1838 ) was a Danish count , traveller and amateur naturalist .
Andreas Zapatinas ( 1957 - - ) is a Greek automobile designer and industrial designer .
Linos Chalwe ( born 17 September 1980 ) is a Zambian football ( also called soccer ) striker .
Yu Youjun ( simplified Chinese : 于幼军 ; traditional Chinese : 于幼軍 ; pinyin : Yú Yòujūn ; born January 1953 ) is a retired Chinese politician .
Darren Ronan ( born 4 November 1976 ) is an Irish hurler who played for the Cork senior team .
William Roy Irwin was born on 7 June 1898 in Ripley , Canada , to Marion Irwin .
Charles Nqakula ( born 13 September 1942 ) is a South African politician who served as Minister of Defence from September 2008 to 2009 .
Mika Tauriainen ( born 5 January 1975 Sweden ) is a Finnish vocalist .
Michael Hüther ( born 24 April 1962 ) is a German economist and director of the Institut der deutschen Wirtschaft .
Ashley Mote ( born 25 January 1936 ) is a former Member of the European Parliament ( MEP ) for South East England from 2004 to 2009 .
Richard Tyrone Jones ( born 1980 ) is a performance poet , writer and comedian .
Tonino Viali ( born 16 September 1960 ) is a retired Italian middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 metres .
According to Sherlock Holmes 's index of criminal biographies , Sebastian Moran was born in London in 1840 , the son of Sir Augustus Moran , CB , sometime Minister to Persia .
Chen Kunshan ( simplified Chinese : 陈锟山 ; traditional Chinese : 陳錕山 ; pinyin : Chén Kūnshān ; born 1 October 1960 ) is a Taiwanese scientist .
Edwin Battistella ( born 1955 ) is an American linguist known for work on markedness , syntax , and language attitudes .
Christer Gardell ( born 1960 ) is a Swedish hedge fund manager .
Brian Masters ( born 1939 ) is British writer best known for his biographies of mass murderers .
Bruno Råberg ( born July 13 , 1954 ) is a Swedish - born jazz bassist , composer and music professor based in Boston .
Alex McDade ( 1905 - -1937 ) was a Glasgow labourer who went to Spain to fight with XV International Brigade in the Spanish Civil War He was a Political commissar with the British Battalion and wounded at the Battle of Jarama in February 1937 .
Are nt Passer ( c. 1560 -- 1637 ) was a stonemason and architect of Dutch origin .
Mario Cimadevilla ( born 1954 ) is an Argentine senator for the Radical Civic Union .
Fabrício Eduardo Souza ( born on 4 January 1980 ) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Rio Verde .
Aleksei Ivanovich Ivanov ( Russian : Алексей Иванович Иванов , Chinese : 伊鳳閣 ; pinyin : Yī Fènggé , 1878 - -1937 ) was a Russian Sinologist and Tangutologist .
Vladimir Ivanovich Zakharov ( born 18 October 1961 in Grodno ) is a Belarusian guitarist , composer and music teacher .
Jagdeep Smart ( 9 March 1956 -- 4 November 2009 ) was an Indian artist who completed his Masters in Arts in Faculty of Fine arts from Maharaja Sayaji Roa University .
Shine Begho Usanga ( born 15 September 1985 ) is a Nigerian radio personality , television host , producer , promoter , brand ambassador and a businesswoman .
Jakke Honkanen ( born 22 May 1960 ) is a Finnish former rally co - driver , participating as co - driver in the World Rally Championship from 1989 to 2007 .
Edit Balázsovits ( born in Budapest , 13 June 1975 - - ) is a Jászai Mari - Award winning Hungarian actress , singer .
Alexandr Vladimirovich Gussev ( Александр Владимирович Гусев , 5 July 1917 -- 31 December 1999 ) , sometimes spelled Gusev in the literature , was a Russian helminthologist specialist of monogeneans .
Therese Muldowney ( born 1987 ) is a camogie player and social worker , who played in the 2009 All Ireland camogie final .
Josh Azzarella ( born 1978 , Ohio ) is an artist based in New York , New York .
Richard Neer ( born c. 1949 in Syracuse , New York ) is an American disc jockey and sports radio personality who has been involved in , and has chronicled , key changes in both music and sports radio .
Henri Besozzi ( born 1775 in Paris -- d. ? ) was an Italian flutist , and also one of the last members of an extensive and traditional Neapolitan family of musicians during the seventeenth , eighteenth and beginning of the nineteenth century .
Etienne Bax ( born 9 August 1988 ) is a Dutch sidecarcross rider and the 2015 World Champion .
Louis Weisner ( born 1899 ) was a Canadian mathematician at the University of New Brunswick who introduced Weisner 's method .
Dan Clews ( born 21 March 1980 ) is a British born singer / songwriter from Sevenoaks , Kent , England .
Ferrante Ferranti ( born 1960 ) is a French photographer and architect .
Niels Wellenberg ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈnils ˈʋɛ.lə(n).ˌbɛrx ) ) ( born 9 August 1982 ) is a former Dutch footballer .
Barry Standfield ( born 13 February 1970 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray and Adelaide in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) during the 1990s .
José Manuel Puig Casauranc ( 31 January 1888 -- 5 May 1939 ) was a Mexican politician , diplomat and journalist who served as Secretary of Public Education , Secretary of Industry , Commerce and Labor , Secretary of Foreign Affairs and federal legislator in both the Senate and Chamber of Deputies .
Martha Cheney ( born 1953 ) is the author of several titles in the Gifted & Talented book series , which sold more than one million copies .
Matt Minglewood ( born Roy Alexander Batherson , 31 January 1947 in Moncton , New Brunswick ) is a Canadian musician whose style can be described as a blend of country , blues , folk , roots and rock .
Rear Admiral Sir Robert Woodard , KCVO , DL ( born 13 January 1939 ) is a former Commander of the Royal Yacht Britannia .
Željko Đokić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Жeљкo Ђoкић ; born 10 May 1982 ) is a Serbian - born Bosnian footballer , who last played for Novi Pazar in the Serbian SuperLiga .
Anna Reid ( born 1965 ) is a journalist and author whose work focuses primarily on the history of Eastern Europe .
Antonio Ghomsi ( born 22 April 1986 ) is a Cameroonian footballer who plays as a left - back .
Chintapandu Naveen Kumar ( born 17 January 1982 ) popularly known by his TV characters name as Teenmaar Mallanna is an Indian journalist and television director and actor .
Molly Garnier , born at Salisbury , England in 1981 , is an English artist .
Špela Rozin ( born 31 January 1943 ) is a Slovenian actress that became famous in the cinema of Yugoslavia .
Stanley Coren ( born 1942 ) is a psychology professor and neuropsychological researcher who has become best known to the general public for his best selling and award winning books regarding the intelligence , mental abilities and history of dogs .
Kamal Kamaraju was born on 3 September 1981 , in Sevagram ( Gandhi ashram ) , Wardha district of Maharashtra to Jawaharlal Kamaraju and Nirmala Gutta .
Kelly Elaine Hoppen MBE ( born July 1959 ) is a South African - born British interior designer , author and proprietor of Kelly Hoppen Interiors .
Dan Hausel ( born in 1949 in Salt Lake City , Utah , U.S. ) a polymath of martial arts , geology , writing , astronomy , art , and public speaking .
Leonard Jacobson FAIA ( 7 March 1921 -- 26 December 1992 ) was an American museum architect .
Abaoji was born on 872 in Southern Mongolia and had a turbulent childhood .
Born on 24 August 1736 , Stanisław Małachowski came from a wealthy , powerful and influential noble family and was the son of statesman and nobleman Jan Małachowski .
Balaji Tambe , commonly known as Shreeguru , was born on 27 June 1940 .
Angajan Ramanathan ( Tamil : அங்கஜன் இராமநாதன் ; born 9 July 1983 ) is a Sri Lankan Tamil politician and Member of Parliament .
Krisztián Kulcsár ( born 28 June 1971 ) is a Hungarian fencer , who has won two Olympic silver medals in the team épée competition .
Leonardo Carrilho Baptistão ( born 26 August 1992 ) , commonly known as Léo Baptistão , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Villarreal CF on loan from Atlético Madrid .
Ferdinando Hastings , 6th Earl of Huntingdon ( 18 January 1609 -- 13 February 1656 ) , was the son of Henry Hastings , 5th Earl of Huntingdon , and Lady Elizabeth Stanley , the daughter of Ferdinando Stanley , 5th Earl of Derby , and Alice Spencer .
Annie Famose ( born 16 June 1944 ) is a French former Alpine skier .
Pocho Lapouble ( 1942 -- 2009 ) was an Argentine jazz drummer , composer and arranger .
Johannes Heggland ( 29 June 1919 -- 24 January 2008 ) was a Norwegian novelist , short story and children 's literature writer , playwright , and politician .
Greg Woodhouse ( born 2 January 1960 ) is a former football ( soccer ) player .
Muyiwa Olarewaju ( born November 26 , 1970 ) is a British Gospel singer and songwriter who mixes traditional gospel music with elements of world music ( from Africa , the Caribbean and Asia ) , soul , R&B and pop . He is also an experienced performer , broadcaster and presenter .
Marie Karsten ( 12 April 1872 -- 1953 ) was a Norwegian interior architect furniture designer and textile designer .
Desa Muck ( born 29 August 1955 ) is a Slovenian writer , children 's writer and actor .
Susan Webber Wright ( born 1948 ) , also known as Susan Webber Carter , is a Senior United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Arkansas .
John Roettiers ( 4 July 1631 -- 1703 ) was a celebrated English engraver and medallist .
Ebenezer Joseph Mather ( 12 June 1849 -- 23 December 1927 ) was the founder of The Royal National Mission to Deep Sea Fishermen now often abbreviated as the Fishermen 's Mission .
Lynn Pan ( Chinese : 潘翎 born 1945 in Shanghai ) , also Ling Pan , is an author and an expert on the Overseas Chinese .
William Lisle Bowles ( 24 September 1762 -- 7 April 1850 ) was an English priest , poet and critic .
Ray DiPalma ( born in New Kensington , PA in 1943 ) , is an American poet and visual artist who has published more than 40 collections of poetry , graphic work , and translations with various presses in the US and Europe .
Stig Håkansson ( 19 October 1918 -- 2000 ) was a Swedish sprinter and long jumper , who won a gold medal in the 4×100 m relay at the 1946 European Championships ; he finished fifth in the individual 100 m and in the long jump .
Cary Bates ( born 1948 ) is an American comic book , animation television and film writer .
Maurice Dodd ( 25 October 1922 -- 31 December 2005 ) was an English writer and cartoonist most notable for his years spent working on The Perishers comic strip published in The Daily Mirror .
Aminata Kabba ( born 13 December 1994 ) , better known as A*M*E , is a British singer - songwriter .
Marian Thurm ( born 1952 ) is an American author of short stories and novels .
Louise Tracy Freeman ( born 5 January 1962 ) , better known as Tracy Spencer , is a British Italo disco singer and actress .
Christian Calmes ( 11 July 1913 -- 5 July 1995 ) was a Luxembourgian civil servant , lawyer , and historian .
Mary Ellmann ( 1921 - -89 ) was an American writer and literary critic .
Manuel Pérez Flores ( born 22 January 1980 ) is a Mexican footballer , who plays as a Midfielder for Queretaro F.C. ; on loan from CF Monterrey .
Catherine Pégard ( born 5 August 1954 ) is a political journalist .
Graham Carey ( born 20 May 1989 in Dublin , Ireland ) is an Irish professional footballer footballer who plays for Football League Two club Plymouth Argyle .
Zhao Qinggang ( Chinese : 赵庆刚 ; born 24 July 1985 ) is a Chinese track and field athlete who competes in the javelin throw .
Charles E. Bell ( born 1858 ) , often known as C.E. Bell , was an American architect of Council Bluffs , Iowa and of Minneapolis , Minnesota .
Trent Mitton ( born 26 November 1990 ) is an Australian field hockey player who plays for the WA Thundersticks and the Kookaburras .
Gael Baudino ( born 1955 ) is a contemporary American fantasy author who also writes under the pseudonyms of Gael Kathryns , Gael A. Kathryns , and G.A. Kathryns .
Anton Rosén ( born 21 August 1991 ) is a Swedish motorcycle speedway rider who rides in Swedish Elitserien for Västervik .
Irma S. Raker ( born 1938 ) is an American lawyer and jurist from Rockville , Maryland .
Beatriz Stix - Brunell ( born Miami , 1993 ) is a ballet dancer presently dancing with The Royal Ballet .
Hugh Gilgan ( 1852 - June 17 , 1887 ) was an Irish Major League Baseball player who played in two games for the Brooklyn Atlantics in 1875 .
Madhurima Tuli was born ( 19 August 1985 ) in Dhanbad , Jharkhand .
Richard Mustoe is a former Welsh rugby union footballer ( born 9 December 1981 ) .
Elita Kļaviņa ( born 3 November 1966 ) is a Latvian actress and a former journalist .
Brian Fridge ( born 1969 in Fort Worth , Texas ) is an American video artist .
Youcef Reguigui ( born 9 January 1990 ) is an Algerian road racing cyclist riding for MTN--
Carmine Furletti ( 1926 -- January 9 , 2008 ) was a former president of the Brazilian football club Cruzeiro Esporte Clube .
John W. Holmdahl ( born April 18 , 1924 ) is a United States Democratic politician and a former member of the California legislature .
Sarbottam Dangol ( Nepal Bhasa : सर्वोत्तम डंगोल ) ( Born on 30 August 1955 in Kathmandu , Nepal ) , politically known as ' Kailash ' ( Nepali : कैलाश ) is a prominent Nepalese leader of Unified Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) ( UCPNM ) and an ex - central committee member of UCPNM .
Vincent Lachambre ( born 6 November 1980 ) is a Belgian footballer who is currently playing for Solières Sport in the Belgian Fourth Division .
J. Harold Ellens ( born 16 July 1932 ) is a psychologist and theologian .
Morteza Alviri ( Persian : مرتضی الویری‎‎ , born 23 November 1948 ) is an Iranian politician who served as Mayor of Tehran from 1999 to 2001 .
Erik Breukink ( born 1 April 1964 ) is a former professional road racing cyclist .
Sir Samuel Argall ( 1572 or 1580 -- 24 January 1626 ) was an English adventurer and naval officer .
Portia Clark ( born 11 July 1990 ) is a Zambian R&B and pop singer , songwriter , and philanthropist .
Katy Moran ( born 1975 ) is an English contemporary artist whose work is in the collection of the Arts Council and the Government Art Collection .
Yeon Namsan ( 淵男産 , 연남산 ) ( 639 - -701 ) was the third son of the Goguryeo military leader and dictator Yeon Gaesomun ( 603?--665 ) .
Avi Katz ( Hebrew : אבי כץ‎ ; born 1949 ) is a veteran Israeli illustrator and cartoonist .
Georg Christoph Biller ( born 20 September 1955 ) is a German choral conductor .
Ralf Außem ( born 1 September 1960 ) is a former German footballer and currently youth team manager of 1 .
Johan Andreas Lippestad ( 19 December 1902 -- 7 November 1961 ) was a Norwegian minister in the NS government of Vidkun Quisling , from 1941 to 1945 .
Mohammed Kazem ( born 1969 ) is a contemporary Emirati artists working in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
İsmet Uluğ ( 1901 -- 27 August 1975 ) was a Turkish boxer and football player of rivals Galatasaray and Fenerbahçe .
Chanel Beckenlehner ( born September 9 , 1988 ) is a Canadian beauty pageant competitor who was crowned Miss Universe Canada 2014 and represented Canada at the Miss Universe 2014 pageant .
Kaaris ( born Gnakouri Okou in Cocody , Côte d'Ivoire on 30 January 1980 ) is a French rapper from Sevran .
Janet McAdams ( born 1957 ) is an American poet of Alabama Creek , Scottish , and Irish descent .
Thomas Lemke ( born 24 September 1963 in Bad Lauterberg ) is a German sociologist and social theorist .
Tony Ma ( born c. 1957 in Vietnam ) is an American professional poker player .
Sheldon Dick ( 1906 - -1950 ) was an American publisher , literary agent , photographer , and filmmaker .
Gordon Smart ( born 31 March 1980 in Edinburgh and raised in Kinross ) is a Scottish journalist and editor of The Sun 's Scottish edition .
H. Marzuki Alie , Ph . D ( born in Palembang , South Sumatera on 6 November 1955 ) is the speaker of the People 's Representative Council , 2009 - 2014 term , as a member of the Partai Demokrat .
Fabián Gómez ( born 27 October 1978 ) is an Argentine professional golfer who has played on a number of the world 's golf tours including the PGA Tour , Nationwide Tour , PGA Tour Latinoamérica and the Tour de las Americas .
Graciela Stefani ( born 12 May 1960 ) is an Argentine screen and stage actress who portrayed Malala Torres - Oviedo de Santillán in Floricienta , a telenovela based on the Cinderella story .
Wentworth D'Arcy Uhr ( 31 October 1845 - 18 February 1907 ) was a noted Australian gold prospector .
Mauricio Buraglia ( born 1954 in Bogotà ) is a Colombian composer , recording - artist , musician - lutenist and theorbist of Italian descent , active in Paris , France .
Dimitris Papangelopoulos ( Greek : Δημήτρης Παπαγγελόπουλος ; born 1952 ) is a Greek lawyer and politician who is the current Alternate Minister of Corruption Issues in the Second Cabinet of Alexis Tsipras .
Jan Lidén ( born 1949 ) is a Swedish businessman and a former Chief Executive Officer of Swedbank , one of Sweden 's largest banks .
Moses Griffiths ( 6 April 1749 -- 11 November 1819 ) was a Welsh draughtsman , engraver and water colourist .
Norman Thomas di Giovanni ( born 1933 ) is an American - born editor and translator known for his collaboration with Argentine author Jorge Luis Borges .
Lombarda ( born c. 1190 ) was an early 13th - century trobairitz from Toulouse ( fl . 1217 - -1262 ) known only from her vida and a short tenso .
Ayata Joseph ( born 10 August 1985 in Antigua ) is a triple jumper from Antigua and Barbuda .
Tamara Tchinarova Finch ( also tr . Chinova ; born Tamara Rekemchuk , 1919 ) , is a retired ballet dancer of Armenian , Georgian and Ukrainian descent .
John Eagles ( 1783 - -1855 ) , was an English artist and author .
Marinko Koljanin ( born 17 November 1957 ) is a Croatian football manager , a former footballer and a former general manager of HNK Rijeka who is the current manager of Al - Nasr S.C.S.C. in Oman Professional League .
Peggy Payne ( born 1949 ) is a writer , journalist and consultant to writers .
Ruthven Deane ( 20 August 1851 -- 20 March 1934 ) was an American ornithologist , noted as a founding member of the American Ornithologists ' Union and for his collection of photographic portraits of ornithologists and naturalists .
John Erick Dowdle ( born December 1973 ) is an American director , producer , screenwriter , and editor , best known for horror films .
Nechan Karakéhéyan , Patriarchal Congregation of Bzommar ( born on 17 April 1932 in Piraeus , Greece ) was an Ordinate emeritus of Greece to Armenian Catholics .
Tadhg mac Dáire Mac Bruaideadha ) ( 1570 - -1652 ) was an Irish Gaelic poet and historian .
Norman Lumsden ( 16 September 1906 -- 28 November 2001 ) was a British opera singer and actor .
Raja Basit Javed ( born 2 September 1993 ) is a Danish cricketer who is more commonly known as Basit Raja .
Gor Sujyan ( Armenian : Գոռ Սուջյան , born 25 July 1987 ) is an Armenian rock singer and lead singer of the Armenian rock band Dorians .
Egoitz García Echeguibel ( born 31 March 1986 ) is a Spanish professional road bicycle racer who rides for UCI Continental team Murias Taldea .
Leyzller Jorge Lopes de Araújo ( born 29 July 1988 ) , known as Jorge Araújo or simply Araújo , is a Portuguese footballer who plays as a right back or right winger for Bragantino .
Abul Maal Abdul Muhith ( Bengali : আবুল মাল আব্দুল মুহিত ; born 6 October 1934 ) is an economist , diplomat , and a Bengali Language Movement veteran from Bangladesh .
Edward Hussey - Montagu , 1st Earl Beaulieu , KB ( 1721 -- 25 November 1802 ) was a British peer and politician .
Stelios Sfakianakis ( Greek : Στέλιος Σφακιανάκης ; born 19 March 1976 ) is a Greek footballer who is a free agent .
Geoffrey the Grammarian ( fl . 1440 ) ( in Latin : Galfridus Grammaticus ) was a medieval monk and a grammarian who wrote several treatises .
Rajendra Prasad Das was born on the 15 July 1930 , in Samia village of Jajpur District of Orissa , to Alekh Prasad Das and Snehalata Devi , who were disciples of Mahatma Gandhi , noted freedom fighters and social workers .
Anne Louise Hassing ( born 17 September 1967 ) is a Danish actress best known for her award - winning roles in the films The Idiots ( Danish : Idioterne ) and Pain of Love ( Danish : Kærlighedens Smerte ) .
Dan Ettinger ( Hebrew : דן אטינגר‎ ; June 10 , 1971 ) is an Israeli conductor .
John Windebank ( 1618 - -1704 ) a doctor of medicine who was admitted an honorary fellow of the Royal College of Physicians in 1680 and was buried in Westminster Abbey .
Ernesto Paglia ( born 9 April 1959 , in São Paulo ) is a Brazilian television journalist currently working for Rede Globo .
Peter Kauzer ( born 8 September 1983 , in Trbovlje ) is a Slovenian slalom canoeist who has competed since the late 1990s .
Jean - Jacques Manget ( or Johann Jacob Mangetus ) ( 1652 - -1742 ) was a Genevan physician and writer .
Gaura Pant ( 17 October 1923 - - 21 March 2003 ) , better known as Shivani , was one of the popular Hindi magazine story writers of the 20th century and a pioneer in writing Indian women based fiction .
Brigadier - General Lawrence Nilson ( 1734 - -1811 ) was a British Army officer .
Shriprakash Prakash ( born 23 December 1966 ) , also known as simply Shriprakash , is an Indian activist and independent documentary filmmaker .
Lance Regnier ( 17 July 1919 -- 13 July 1982 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Liang Eng Hwa ( Chinese : 连荣华 ; pinyin : Lián Rónghuá , born 20 March 1964 ) is politician from the People 's Action Party ( PAP ) .
Henry Roxby Beverley ( 1790 -- 1 February 1863 ) was an English actor and low comedian .
Ross Abbey ( born 21 January 1953 ) is a former Australian rules footballer , who played with Footscray , now known as the Western Bulldogs , in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Julian Coryell ( born 1973 ) is an American singer , songwriter , guitarist , and producer .
David Muñoz Rodríguez ( born 1950 ) is a professor and researcher with the Tec de Monterrey , Campus Monterrey , specializing in electronic communications .
Shari Rhodes ( July 14 , 1938 -- December 20 , 2009 ) was an American casting director and producer .
Bikram Lama ( Nepali : बिक्रम लामा ) ( born 23 February 1989 ) is a Nepalese football players .
Rune Vikeby ( born 24 August 1964 ) is a Norwegian sport shooter who has won the IPSC Norwegian Handgun Championship 5 times , and the Norwegian Sivilpistol Championship 8 times .
Julia Niewiarowska - Brzozowska ( 1827 - -1891 ) was a Polish Romantic era composer .
Nolen Niu ( born 1975 ) is an American Industrial Designer who received his Bachelor of Science in Industrial Design from the Art Center College of Design located in Pasadena , California .
Lino Ravecca ( 1920 ) is an Italian trade unionist and syndicalist .
Elise Matthysen ( born 13 July 1992 in Kalmthout ) is a retired Belgian swimmer who specialised in breaststroke .
Benni Ljungbeck ( born 20 July 1958 ) is a Swedish wrestler .
Mary Carlin Yates ( born 1946 in Portland , Oregon ) is a Foreign Service Officer at the U.S. State Department and was one of two deputy commanders of the United States Africa Command until June 2009 .
Maria Canins ( born 5 July 1949 , in La Villa , Alta Badia ) is an Italian racing cyclist who twice won and came second three times in the Grande Boucle .
José Antonio Pinto Castro ( 1817 - February 26 , 1887 ) was a Costa Rican politician , son of General Antonio Pinto Soares and María del Rosario Castro Ramírez .
Magnus Maximus ( Latin : Flavius Magnus Maximus Augustus , Welsh : Macsen Wledig ) ( ca . 335 -- August 28 , 388 ) was Western Roman Emperor from 383 to 388 .
Robert Alesch ( b. Aspelt , Luxembourg , 1906 , d. by firing squad at Fort de Montrouge Arcueil , France , 1949 ) was a priest and collaborator with Nazi Germany during the Second World War .
Paskalia Chepkorir Kipkoech ( also known as Pasalia Jepkorir ; born 22 December 1988 ) is a Kenyan long - distance runner who competes mainly in half marathon races .
Commander Charlotte Manley , LVO , OBE ( born 1957 ) has been Chapter Clerk of St George 's Chapel , Windsor since 2003 , and was Private Secretary and Treasurer to the Duke of York 2001 - 2003 .
Emily Lyle ( born 19 December 1932 in Glasgow ) is a Scottish ballad scholar and Senior Research Fellow in the School of Celtic and Scottish Studies at the University of Edinburgh .
James Trewynnard ( ca . 1505 - 1572 or later ) , of Budock , Cornwall , was an English politician .
Mário José dos Reis Emiliano(born 23 May 1957 ) , commonly known as Marinho , is a retired Brazilian professional footballer and current assistant manager of Bangu .
Guido van der Werve ( born 1977 ) is a Dutch filmmaker and visual artist , notable for producing works physically testing his endurance .
Fatima Whitbread MBE ( born Fatima Vedad ; 3 March 1961 ) is a British former javelin thrower .
Khanlar Hajiyev ( 9 September 1956 ) is an Azerbaijan judge , and currently the Judge of the European Court of Human Rights in respect of Azerbaijan .
Breandán Ó Buachalla ( 1936 -- 20 May 2010 ) was an Irish scholar of the Irish language .
Ismael Íñiguez González ( born 23 July 1981 in Ocotlan , Jalisco ) is a Mexican footballer , who plays for Correcaminos on loan from Pumas UNAM .
Bhai Lalo was born in 1452 at the village of Saidpur presently known as Eminabad in Pakistan .
He was the eldest son of the Rev. James Esdaile and Margaret Blair , born on 6 February 1808 in Montrose , Angus , Scotland .
Rick Brattin ( born 1980 ) is a state representative from the U.S. state of Missouri currently serving his third term in the Missouri House of Representatives .
Hon . John Tayloe III ( September 1770 -- March 23 , 1828 ) , of Richmond County , Virginia , was prominent in business , government , and social circles .
Peter Elkus ( born in 1939 in San Francisco , California ) is a voice teacher giving master classes for both singers and instrumentalists .
Born in 1834 in Hesse - Darmstadt , Germany , Edward Lupus arrived in Baltimore at age 19 on November 8 , 1853 from Bremen .
Ursula Küper ( born 28 November 1937 ) is a retired German swimmer .
Bruce Robinson ( born 2 May 1946 ) is an English director , screenwriter , novelist and actor .
Caroline Stevermer ( born 1955 ) is a writer of young adult fantasy novels and shorter works .
Anna Mary Howitt ( married name Anna Mary Watts , 15 January 1824 -- 23 July 1884 ) was an English painter , writer and feminist .
Colin Carr ( born 25 October 1957 ) is a British cello soloist , chamber musician , recording artist and teacher .
Paolo Hendel ( born 2 January 1952 ) is an Italian actor , playwright and comedian .
Ernst Pitner ( 1838 - -1896 ) was an Austrian lieutenant who accompanied Archduke Maximilian to Mexico in 1864 .
Fathi Shaqaqi ( Arabic : فتحي الشقاقي‎ ; 1951 -- 26 October 1995 ) was the co - founder and Secretary - General of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine .
Ingrid Schaffner ( born 1961 ) is a curator and writer who has been working in contemporary art since the mid-1980s .
Galen Fox ( born 1943 ) is a former Hawaii state representative who resigned from the Hawaii legislature on December 1 , 2005 after being convicted of misdemeanor sex abuse charges .
James David Rubadiri ( born 19 July 1930 in Liuli ) is a Malawian diplomat , academic and poet , playwright and novelist .
Richarda Morrow - Tait ( 22 November 1923 -- 17 December 1982 ) was the first woman pilot to fly around the world , accomplishing the feat after a number of mishaps in a year and a day .
Miguel Gálvez - Taroncher ( born in Valencia , 1974 ) is a Spanish cultural manager and musician , trained in Madrid and Vienna .
David Morrison Armstrong ( 1805 -- April 14 , 1873 ) was a merchant , insurance agent and political figure in Quebec .
Armando Santiago ( born 18 June 1932 ) is a Canadian composer , conductor , music educator , and university administrator of Portuguese birth .
Abderrazak Khairi ( born 20 November 1962 ) , is a Moroccan former football player and current coach of Sohar Club in the Omani League .
Gyomay Kubose ( 1905 - -2000 ) , born Masao Kubose was a Japanese - American Buddhist teacher who founded the Buddhist Temple of Chicago in 1944 .
Hector Holthouse ( 1916 -- 1991 , ) was an Australian journalist and author .
Dominic Robinson ( born 1965 ) is a computer game programmer .
Mustafa Al - Bassam ( born January 1995 ) , alias Tflow , is a former black hat hacker who was one of the six core members of LulzSec during its 50-day spree of attacks in the spring of 2011 .
Jason Bargwanna ( born 26 April 1972 in Sydney ) is an ex Australian motor racing driver .
Pauline Matthews ( born 6 March 1947 ) , better known by her stage name Kiki Dee , is an English singer .
Grigoris Georgatos ( Greek : Γρηγόρης Γεωργάτος ; born 31 October 1972 ) , also known as `` Trelos Karaflos '' ( literally translated , `` crazy bald '' ) , is a retired Greek footballer .
Günter Dreyer ( born 1943 ) is an Egyptologist at the German Archaeological Institute .
Nick Wilton ( born 8 March 1957 ) is an English actor and scriptwriter .
Eddie Robson ( born 20 December 1978 ) is a comedy and science fiction writer best known for his sitcom Welcome to Our Village , Please Invade Carefully and his work on a variety of spin - offs from the BBC Television series Doctor Who .
Alex Wade ( born 1966 ) is a British writer , freelance journalist and media lawyer .
Margie Adam ( born 1947 in Lompoc , California , U.S. ) is an American musician and composer .
Márcia Honório da Silva ( born 22 August 1962 ) , commonly known as Marcinha , is a Brazilian football coach and former player .
Victoria Griffiths ( born 9 October 1984 ) is an English runner who specializes in the 800 metres .
Fergus Wallace ( born 2 February 1965 ) is a Scottish former rugby union player for Glasgow Rugby , now known as Glasgow Warriors .
Markus Hillukkala ( born 1987 ) is a Swedish Bandy player who currently plays for Bollnäs GIF ( 2005- ) as a defender .
Khadyja Fofana ( born 21 June 1980 in Koidu Town , Sierra Leone ) better known by her stage name Khady Black is a Sierra Leonean rastafarian and Roots reggae musician .
Nick Perumov ( Russian : Ник Перумов ) is the pen name of Nikolay Daniilovich Perumov ( Russian : Николай Даниилович Перумов ; born 21 November 1963 ) , a Russian fantasy and science fiction writer .
Jörg Schäfer ( born 17 July 1959 ) is a retired West German hammer thrower .
Henri Cole ( born 1956 ) is an American poet , who has published nine collections of poetry in English .
Joe Melson ( born May 1935 ) is an American singer and a BMI Award - winning songwriter .
Helen Shiller ( born 1947 ) is a former Alderman of the 46th ward in Chicago , Illinois .
Lefteris Vogiatzes ( 1945 - -1/5/2013 ) was a Greek theater actor and director .
Abhimanyu Mithun ( Kannada : ಅಭಿಮನ್ಯು ಮಿಥುನ್ ) ( born 25 October 1989 ) is an Indian international cricketer .
Anthony Tohill ( Irish : Antóin Ó Tuathail ; born 2 August 1971 ) is an Irish former Gaelic footballer who played for Derry in the 1990s and early 2000s .
Maksym Tymchenko ( Maxim Timchenko ; Ukrainian : Максим Вікторович Тімченко ) ( born 12 August 1975 ) has been the chief executive officer and chairman of DTEK Management Board since 2005 .
Kyriakos Velopoulos ( Greek : Κυριάκος Βελόπουλος ; born 24 October 1965 ) is a Greek politician and former parliament member , and television personality .
Baron Jacques De Staercke ( born 1927 ) is a Belgian businessman and politician .
Pietro Castelli ( 1574 - -1662 ) was an Italian physician and botanist .
Erna Bennett ( 1925 - -2012 ) was a plant geneticist and one of the early pioneers of genetic conservation ( biodiversity conservation ) .
Rabbi Yitzchak Eizik Epstein was born in 1770 and joined the Chabad Hassidic movement during the lifetime of the first Chabad Rebbe , Rabbi Schneur Zalman of Liadi .
Elizabeth Best was born in central Victoria , 1977 .
Chris Whitten ( born 26 March 1959 ) is a British session drummer who provided drums for the hit singles `` What I Am '' by Edie Brickell & New Bohemians , `` World Shut your Mouth '' by Julian Cope and `` The Whole of the Moon '' by The Waterboys .
Jean - Baptiste Côté ( 30 May 1832 -- 9 April 1907 ) was a Canadian architect , wood - carver , glider , wood engraver , caricaturist , publisher , and printer .
Ole Worm ( 13 May 1588 -- 31 August 1654 ) , who often went by the Latinized form of his name Olaus Wormius , was a Danish physician and antiquary .
Yin Fanglong ( Chinese : 殷方龙 ; born November 1953 ) is a general ( shang jiang ) of the People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) of China , and the current Political Commissar of the Central Theater Command .
Rick Joy ( born 1958 Maine , USA ) is an American architect .
Víctor Isla Rojas ( born 7 August 1968 in Santa Cruz , Alto Amazonas ) is a Peruvian lawyer and politician ( PNP ) .
Borislav Herak ( born 18 January 1971 in Sarajevo , SR Bosnia - Herzegovina , SFR Yugoslavia ) was a Bosnian Serb soldier who fought with the Army of Republika Srpska ( VRS ) in the early days of the Bosnian War .
Albert Carman ( 27 June 1833 -- 3 November 1917 ) was a Canadian Methodist minister and teacher who became head of the Methodist Church in Canada .
Sir Hugh Sykes , DL , MA , LL.B , CA , Hon LL.D , FCIB , FRSA ( b. 1932 ) , is an international industrialist and investor , noted for championing regeneration in and around Sheffield .
Mussarat Ahmed Zeb ( born 1950 in Nowshera , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa ) is a Pakistani activist - politician and social entrepreneur , and a member of the former royal family of the State of Swat .
Avril Pyman ( aka Dr Avril Sokolov , FBA ) ( born 4 May 1930 ) is a British scholar and translator of Russian literature .
Paul Heroux ( born Taunton , Massachusetts , 1976 ) is an American politician who is the State Representative from the Second Bristol District , Massachusetts , first elected in 2012 .
Gunhild Hoffmeister ( born 6 July 1944 in Forst ) is a retired East German middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 and 1500 metres .
Ethelbert Ludlow Dudley ( 1818 -- February 20 , 1862 ) was a prominent Kentucky physician and a member of the faculty of Transylvania Medical School .
Adolfo Lazzarini Osorio ( 7 May 1952 -- 1 July 2010 ) was a naturalized Paraguayan footballer who played as a winger .
Robin Stewart ( 9 October 1946 -- 22 November 2015 ) was an English actor , game show host and reporter who was best known for playing Mike Abbott , the son of Sid James character Sid Abbott in the 1970s sitcom Bless This House .
Per - Edvin Persson ( born 1949 in Helsinki ) is Director of Heureka , the Finnish Science Centre , since 1991 .
Tahira Kochhar ( born Tahira Kochar,31 January 1990 ) is an Indian actress and former model .
Mohammad Alirezaei Dizicheh ( Persian : محمد علیرضایی دیزیچه ‎ , born 27 July 1985 in Esfahan ) is an Iranian breaststroke swimmer .
Slimane Khalfaoui ( born 1975 , Algeria ) was a French - Algerian terrorist convicted of the Strasbourg Cathedral bombing plot in 2004 and sentenced to 10 years in prison .
Jeff Rezabek ( born March 27 , 1969 ) is the Representative of the 43rd district of the Ohio House of Representatives .
Daddy Birori ( born 12 December 1986 ) , also known as Etekiama Agiti Tady , is a Rwandan international footballer who plays for AS Vita Club , as a striker .
José Vicente Rangel Vale ( born 10 July 1929 ) is a Venezuelan leftist politician .
Kevin Chelimo ( born 14 February 1983 ) is a Kenyan long- and middle - distance runner .
Durga Narayan Bhagwat ( 1910 - -2002 ) , popularly known as Durga Bhagwat , was an Indian scholar , socialist and writer .
Jiang Linhe ( Chinese : 姜林和 , b. December 1947 ) is a Chinese painter , famous for depictions of nature .
Shaun Eli Breidbart ( born 1961 ) is an American stand - up comedian and comedy writer .
Lyndam Gregory ( c. 1955 -- July 15 , 2014 ) was an Indian - born British theatre , television , soap opera , and voiceover actor .
Gibbons Bagnall ( 1719 - -1800 ) was an English poetical writer .
Tunde Adegbola , born 1 August 1955 , also known as T. A. or Uncle T , is a scientist , musician , engineer , linguist and cultural activist .
Giorgio Puia ( 8 March 1938 ) is an Italian football manager and former player who played as a defender .
Brian Chippendale ( born 1973 in New York City , New York ) is a musician and artist based in Providence , Rhode Island .
Mirela Ivanova ( Bulgarian : Мирела Иванова ) ( born 11 May 1962 in Sofia ) is one of the most famous modern Bulgarian poets .
Giorgos Niklitsiotis ( Greek : Γιώργος Νικλητσιώτης , born 23 March 1991 ) is a Greek footballer currently playing for Panargiakos F.C. as a Attacking Midfielder .
Cecil Dumond ( born 8 April 1987 ) is a South African rugby union player , currently playing with club side Rustenburg Impala .
Lucy Simon ( born 1943 ) is an American composer for the theatre and popular songs .
Kathryn Hendley ( b. 1958 ) is an American professor of law and politics , and is currently the William Voss - Bascom Professor of Law and Political Science at the University of Wisconsin--
Seán McGrath ( born 27 December 1991 ) is an Irish hurler who plays as a full forward for the Kilmacud Crokes senior team .
James De Alwis ( born 1823 ) was a lawyer , writer , poet and a prominent colonial era legislator from Ceylon .
Johnny Kingdom ( born 23 February 1939 ) is an English wildlife filmmaker , specialising in his local area of Exmoor in North Devon .
Renato Piccolotto is an internationally renowned Italian Chef , was born in Asolo ( Province of Treviso ) in 1954 and is the Executive Chef of the Hotel Cipriani in Venice where he started working in 1983 .
Ayşegül Aldinç ( Turkish pronunciation : ( aːjʃeˈɟyl alˈdintʃ ) ) ( born 28 . September 1957 in Istanbul ) is a Turkish singer and actress .
Katulu Ravi Kumar ( born 24 April 1988 ) is an Indian weightlifter from Odisha .
Selçuk Aydın ( born 4 September 1983 ) is a Turkish professional boxer and former WBC Silver welterweight champion .
Mansour Assoumani Gammali ( born 30 January 1983 ) is a French born Malian footballer .
Nicolas Pooran ( pronunciation : /ˌpuːrɑːn/ ; born 2 October 1995 ) is a Trinidadian cricketer who plays for Trinidad and Tobago in West Indian domestic matches and for the Red Steel in the Caribbean Premier League ( CPL ) .
Quarter - Gunner James Tallentine ( 1840 to January 15 , 1865 ) was an American sailor who fought in the American Civil War .
Troy Kotsur ( born c. 1968 ) is a deaf American actor .
Güray Vural ( born 11 June 1988 ) is a Turkish professional footballer who currently plays as a wing back for Trabzonspor in the Süper Lig .
Anja Štefan ( Rijeka , 3 August 1988 ) is a Croatian snowboarder .
Nikias Arndt ( born 18 November 1991 ) is a German track and road cyclist , who rides professionally for the Giant - Alpecin team .
Vladimir Tošić ( also spelled Vladimir Tosic ) ( born Belgrade , Yugoslavia , 1949 ) is a Serbian composer and visual artist .
Hans T. Blokland ( born 1960 ) is a Dutch social and political theorist .
Duffy Ayers ( born Elizabeth ( Betty ) Fitzgerald September 19 , 1915 ) is an English portrait painter .
Susan G. Scott RCA ( 1949 ) is a Canadian artist known for contemporary figurative painting .
Laurence Arthur Faunt ( 1554 -- 28 February 1591 ) was an English Jesuit theologian and missionary to Poland .
Gerald Steinacher ( born 2 September 1970 ) is an Associate Professor of History and Hymen Rosenberg Professor of Judaic Studies at the University of Nebraska - Lincoln .
Henry of Eppenstein ( usually numbered Henry III ; c. 1050 -- 4 December 1122 ) was Duke of Carinthia and Margrave of Verona from 1090 to 1122 .
Daniela Haralambie ( born 14 August 1997 ) is a Romanian ski jumper who competed in the 2012 - -13 FIS Ski Jumping World Cup .
Eleanor Patterson ( born 22 May 1996 ) is an Australian track and field athlete who competes in the high jump .
Ahmed bin Zayed Al Nahyan ( Arabic : أحمد بن زايد آل نهيان‎ , 1968 -- 26 March 2010 ) was an Emirati businessman and the managing director of the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority .
Rajko Vujadinović ( born 13 April 1956 ) is a retired Montenegrin footballer who played as a forward for clubs in Yugoslavia and Greece .
Paddy Glackin ( born 5 August 1954 ) is an Irish fiddler and founding member of the Bothy Band .
Ali Shamkhani ( Persian and Khuzestani Arabic : علی شمخانی , born 29 September 1955 ) is an Iranian Rear Admiral Upper Half .
Bridget Harrison ( born 22 February 1971 ) is a freelance journalist and editor based in London who contributes to The Times , Daily Mail , Red Magazine , Top Sante Magazine and BBC Radio London .
A son of William and Ann Bowne , Andrew Bowne was born circa 1638 in Salem , Massachusetts , where he was baptized on August 12 , 1638 .
Alexander Gorlizki ( born London , 1967 ) is a British artist resident in New York .
Oldřich Vlasák ( born 26 November 1955 ) is a conservative politician who advocates for the interests of self - governing municipalities , cities and regions .
Jovaldir Ferreira known as Peris ( born 9 January 1982 ) is a former Brazilian footballer who played left defender .
Richard Cowling Taylor ( 18 January 1789 -- 26 October 1851 ) was an English surveyor and geologist .
Wanda Osiris ( 3 June 1905 -- 11 November 1994 ) was an Italian revue soubrette , actress and singer .
Ming Dao ( Chinese : 明道 ; pinyin : Míng Dào ; born 26 February 1980 ) is a Taiwanese model , actor and singer of quintet boy band 183 Club since 2004 .
Jim Serdaris ( born 1 October 1971 , Sydney ) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s .
Gro Møllerstad ( born 1960 ) is a Norwegian businessperson and former politician for the Labour Party .
Haito was born in 763 , of a noble family of Swabia .
Jesús Moraes , ( born 1955 in Bella Unión , Artigas Department ) , is an Uruguayan writer , who specializes in short stories .
Kamil Przełęcki ( born 1972 ) is a production manager , film and TV producer .
Vojislav Simeunović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Војислав Симеуновић ; born 1942 ) is a Serbian football coach and former player .
François Hamelin ( born 18 December 1986 ) is a Canadian short track speed skater from Sainte - Julie , Quebec , currently residing in Montreal .
Vincent Mangematin ( born 1965 ) is a French researcher and professor in management , specialized in Strategy , Strategic management of Innovation and Technology Management .
Sir Joseph Montagu Cotterill , CMG , FRCS ( 23 November 1851 -- 30 December 1933 ) was an English cricketer and medical practitioner .
Dayn Perry ( born 1972 ) is an author and baseball journalist .
Gary Lazarus ( born 21 September 1945 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the VFL during the 1960s .
Klaus Bargsten ( 31 October 1911 -- 25 October 2000 ) was the captain and sole survivor of sunken U-521 .
Andrzej Sawa ( born 1941 ) is a Polish - South African photographer .
Gyula Bíró ( 10 May 1890 -- 1961 ) was a Jewish - Hungarian football ( soccer ) player and manager of Jewish ethnicity .
Feargal Quinn ( born 27 November 1936 ) is an Irish politician , businessman , television personality and an independent member of Seanad Éireann .
Orazio Russo ( born 6 October 1973 ) is a former Italian professional football ( soccer ) player .
Viktoria Tereshkina ( Russian : Виктория Терёшкина ; born 31 May 1983 ) is a Russian ballet dancer , currently one of the stars of the Mariinsky Ballet in Saint Petersburg .
Tista Bagchi ( born 1 October 1964 ) , Professor of Linguistics in the University of Delhi , is a distinguished Indian linguist and ethicist .
Jai Ram Reddy , CF ( born 12 May 1937 ) is an Indo - Fijian statesman , who has had a distinguished career in both the legislative and judicial branches of the Fijian government .
Edmee Yolanda Schakron - Rodríguez ( born 25 September 1965 ) is a Belizean activist and People 's United Party candidate , best known as the aunt of murder victim Chris Galvez and a founder and president of Belizeans For Justice .
Bogusław Wróblewski ( born 1955 in Lubartów ) is a critic , literary scholar , and translator .
Anastasios Orlandos ( Greek : Αναστάσιος Ορλάνδος , 23 December 1887 -- 8 October 1979 ) was a Greek architect and historian of architecture .
Jack Wood ( 1924 - -2007 ) was an American television director and writer .
Liam Highfield ( born 1 December 1990 ) is an English professional snooker player .
Pavel Alexeyevich Belov ( 18 February 1897 - 3 December 1963 ) was a colonel general in the Red Army during World War II . He is mostly known for his role in the Battle of Kursk in 1943 and for stopping Heinrich Himmler 's Pomeranian offensive in early 1945 .
Ke Ling ( 1909 - 2000 ) was a Chinese journalist , publicist and writer .
Alan Jacobs ( born 1 December 1958 ) is an American independent film director , screenwriter and producer .
Jacqueline de Jong ( born 1939 ) is a Dutch painter , sculptor and graphic artist .
Daniel Colman ( born 1991 ) is an American poker player , originally from Holden , Massachusetts but now residing in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
Dennis Chew Chong Kheng ( born 15 August 1973 ) , also known as Zhou Chongqing , is a Singaporean radio deejay , actor , variety show host and singer .
Zafar Mahmud ( born 1925 ) was a Royal Indian Air Force officer during the second world war , originally stationed in Burma .
Elliot N. Dorff ( born 24 June 1943 ) is a Conservative rabbi .
Hannah Sell ( born 1971 ) has been a leading member of the Socialist Party and its predecessor , the Militant tendency since the 1980s .
Eunan O'Neill ( born Newry , County Down , 12 August 1982 ) is an Irish television presenter .
Lydia Wilson ( born 1984 ) is an Anglo - American actress and radio personality .
Ruby Johnson ( 19 April 1936 -- 4 July 1999 ) was an American soul singer , best known for her recordings on the Volt label in the late 1960s .
Haralambos Marmanis ( born 1970 ) is an American author and executive .
Murivat Bekhnazarov ( Tajik : Муриват Бекназаров , Persian : مروت بک‌نظرف‎ ) ( 1943- ) is a Tajikistani artist .
Dennis Leech ( born 6 April 1943 in Sidmouth ) is a British retired auto racing driver .
Lutfor Rahman ( born 1 January 1962 ) is a pioneer of beating heart bypass surgery in Bangladesh .
Derrick Lonsdale ( born 1924 ) M.D. , Fellow of the American College of Nutrition ( FACN ) , Fellow of the American College for Advancement in Medicine ( FACAM ) is a pediatrician and researcher into the benefits of certain nutrients in preventing disease and psychotic behavior .
Michael Lesch ( June 30 , 1939 -- March 19 , 2008 ) was a distinguished Jewish American physician and medical educator who helped identify an important genetic disorder associated with retardation and self - mutilation .
Joanna Sulej ( born 16 September 1989 in Łosice ) is a Polish figure skater who competed as both a single skater and pair skater .
Dr. Sten Grillner ( born 14 June 1941 , Stockholm ) is a Swedish neurophysiologist and distinguished professor at the Karolinska Institute 's Nobel Institute for Neurophysiology in Stockholm where he is the director of the institute .
Tim Sebastian ( born 13 March 1952 , London , England ) is a television journalist and novelist .
William James Zimpel ( 25 February 1859 -- 3 December 1923 ) was an Australian furniture manufacturer , furniture merchant and local government councillor .
Alan Ginsburg ( born 1939 ) is an American real estate developer , philanthropist , and the founder of The CED Companies .
Clive Arden was the pen name of the English author , Lily Clive Nutt 1888 - after 1950 .
Liang Yanfeng ( Chinese : 梁岩峰 ; Pinyin : Liáng Yánfēng ) ( born 18 April 1987 ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for China League Two side Fujian Broncos .
Justice Siva Selliah ( 1924 - -1997 ) was a Sri Lankan Judge .
Jamie Harvey ( born 15 August 1955 , in Glasgow ) is a Scottish darts player who plays for the British Darts Organisation and formerly for the Professional Darts Corporation .
Hannes van Asseldonk ( born 10 January 1992 ) is a Dutch racing driver , currently driving in the British Formula 3 Championship for Fortec Motorsports .
Jennifer Keeler - Milne ( born 1961 ) is an Australian contemporary artist who is best known for her sumptuous landscape oil paintings and large - scale charcoal drawings .
Baba Sohan Singh Bhakna(in Punjabi ਸੋਹਣ ਸਿਂਘ ਭਕਨਾ ) ( 1870 - -1968 ) was as Indian revolutionary , the founding president of the Ghadar Party , and a leading member of the party involved in the Ghadar Conspiracy of 1915 .
Kevin Alfred Strom ( born August 17 , 1956 ) is an American white nationalist , neo - Nazi , Holocaust denier , white separatist and associate editor of National Vanguard .
Jamie Langley ( born 21 November 1983 in Normanton , West Yorkshire ) is a former English professional rugby league footballer and currently the academy head coach at the London Broncos .
Tariq Saleh ( Beirut , 16 September 1974 ) is a Brazilian journalist and a BBC World Service correspondent in Beirut , covering the Middle East and Africa .
Mavis Maclean ( born 31 December 1943 ) , CBE , FRSA , FAcSS has carried out socio - legal research at Oxford since 1974 , and in 2001 founded the Oxford Centre for Family Law and Policy ( OXFLAP ) .
Phan Nguyên Hồng ( Đức Thọ , 1935 ) is a Vietnamese academic who is a leading authority on the mangrove ecosystem in Asia , and was awarded the 2008 International Cosmos Prize in recognition of his work .
J. Ira Davis ( 1870 - -1942 ) was an infielder in Major League Baseball .
Qazi Ataullah Khan was born in 1895 in the house of Qazi Nasrullah Khan in Landi Arbab village of Peshawar .
Danny Lima born 27 July 1975 in Samoa is a former rugby league player .
General Manuel García Banqueda ( 1803 -- May 4 , 1872 ) was a Chilean military and political figure .
Pablo Villalobos ( born 20 May 1978 ) is a Spanish long - distance runner .
Lew Stringer ( born 22 March 1959 , England ) is a freelance comic artist and scriptwriter .
Matthew K. Thomas ( born 2 November 1948 ) is the son of Kurien Thomas and the present Chairman of the Fellowship of the Pentecostal Churches in India .
Louis - François Aubry , who was born in Paris in 1770 , studied under Vincent and Isabey , and became celebrated as a portrait painter .
Steven Saunders ( born 30 March 1991 ) is a Scottish professional footballer , who currently plays for Scottish side Dumbarton as a centre back or right back Saunders has previously played for Motherwell and Ross County , and has also represented Scotland .
Samuel B. Moore ( 1789 -- November 7 , 1846 ) was the sixth Governor of the U.S. state of Alabama from March 3 to November 26 , 1831 .
Tihomir Bulat ( born 28 July 1974 ) is a retired Croatian football player who last played for RNK Split .
Ivan Trotski ( Belarusian : Іван Троцкі , Russian : Иван Троцкий ; born 27 May 1976 in Hrodna ) is a Belarusian race walker .
Robert Guédon ( 1902 - 1978 ) was a founding member of the French resistance in the zone occupée ( occupied zone ) during World War II .
Maria Dulce Rodrigues dos Santos ( 20 January 1901 -- 8 January 1972 ) was a Brazilian nun and the founder of the Little Missionary Sisters of Mary Immaculate .
Maria Willard Jackson ( 1830- ? ) was the wife of former Governor of West Virginia Jacob B. Jackson and served as that state 's First Lady , 1881 - 1885 .
Pam Marshall ( born 16 August 1960 in Hazelhurst , Michigan , USA ) is a retired US sprinter .
Sir Arthur Beverley Baxter , FRSL ( 8 January 1891 -- 26 April 1964 ) was a Canadian - born journalist and politician .
Gao Yisheng ( simplified Chinese : 高义盛 ; traditional Chinese : 高義盛 ; pinyin : Gāo Yìshèng ) ( 1866 - -1951 ) was the creator of the Gao style of the Chinese Internal Martial Art of Baguazhang .
Bode Olajumoke was born in Lagos on 1 July 1944 , of a Yoruba family from Imeri in Ondo State .
Sylvia Lim Swee Lian ( simplified Chinese : 林瑞莲 ; traditional Chinese : 林瑞蓮 ; pinyin : Lín Ruìlián ; born 28 March 1965 ) is a Singaporean politician , lawyer and academic .
Pierfranco Vianelli ( born 20 October 1946 ) is a former Italian cyclist and Olympic Champion .
Margot Grahame ( 20 February 1911 -- 1 January 1982 ) , also known as Margaret Clark , was an English actress most noted for starring in The Informer ( 1935 ) and The Three Musketeers ( 1935 ) .
Friedrich Brauner ( 1889 -- March 23 , 1942 ) was an Austrian millwright and resistance fighter against the German Nazi Reich .
Calvin Vollrath ( born 16 May 1960 ) is a Canadian fiddler and composer .
Johnny Helgesen ( 1 January 1897 -- 26 December 1964 ) was a Norwegian football player for the club FK Kvik .
Deborah Yaffe ( born 1965 ) is the author of two books , most recently and prominently the book Among the Janeites :
Mike Dibb ( born Leeds , West Yorkshire , 1940 ) is an award - winning English documentary filmmaker .
Helena Chan Rui Ying ( Chinese : 陳瑞瑩 ; Jyutping : Can4 Seoi6 Ying4 ) ( born 6 July 1989 ) is a Hong Kong - Swedish Channel V presenter and fashion model .
Sir Adrian Poynings ( c. 1512 -- 15 February 1571 ) was a military commander and administrator .
Sir Henry Calthorpe ( 1586 - -1637 ) , was an English lawyer who acted as solicitor - general to Queen Henrietta Maria , and also as the defence barrister in two high - profile cases : the Darnell 's Case ( or the Five Knights ' case ) and the Valentine case .
Ľuboš Chmelík ( 1 May 1989 ) is a Slovak footballer who plays as a central defender .
Horst Mahler ( born 23 January 1936 ) is a German former lawyer and political activist .
Barak Longmate ( 1738 -- 23 July 1793 ) was an English genealogist and editor , heraldic engraver and publisher .
George Boscawen , 3rd Viscount Falmouth , PC ( 6 May 1758 -- 11 February 1808 ) , was a British army officer and statesman of the late 18th and early 19th centuries .
Nelson Wang ( born 1950 ) is an Indian restaurateur of Chinese descent and the founder of the famous China Garden restaurant in Mumbai 's Kemps Corner neighbourhood .
Andy Stefanovich ( born 1966 ) is an American speaker , bestselling author , and business consultant .
Manuel Centeno ( born 18 September 1980 ) is a former bodyboarding European and World Champion , having won the ISA World Surfing Games 2006 on 22 October , at Huntington Beach , California , United States .
Julia Karbovskaya ( Russian : Юлия Карбовская ; born 15 January 1986 ) is a Russian former pair skater .
Shmuel Mikunis ( Hebrew : שמואל מיקוניס‎ , 10 August 1903 -- 20 May 1982 ) was a communist Israeli politician and member of the Knesset from 1949 until 1974 .
Sally Robbins ( born 15 July 1981 ) is an Australian sportswoman .
Rosa Graciela Castagnola de Fernández Meijide known as Graciela Fernández Meijide ( born 27 February 1931 ) is an Argentine teacher , human rights activist and politician .
J. Murdoch Henderson ( 31 March 1902 -- November 1970 ) was a Scottish fiddler , composer , and music critic .
Christian Lous Lange ( 17 September 1869 -- 11 December 1938 ) was a Norwegian historian , teacher , and political scientist .
Susan P. Crawford ( born 1963 ) is the John A. Reilly Clinical Professor of Law at Harvard Law School and a Professor at the Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law .
Paul Parris ( born Paul Adams on 19 June 1975 ) is a British actor and director , best known for his role as Matthew Pearson in the long - running BBC school drama , Grange Hill , from 1988 - -92 .
Anil K. Bera ( born 1955 ) is an econometrician .
David Humpherys ( born 11 June 1972 ) is a former professional Magic :
Cha Bum - kun ( Hangul : 차범근 ; Korean pronunciation : ( tɕʰabʌmɡɯn ) ; born 22 May 1953 ) is a South Korean football manager and former player , nicknamed Tscha Bum in Germany ( `` Cha Boom '' ) because of his name and his thunderous ball striking ability .
Francis Spufford , FRSL ( born 1964 ) is an English author .
Sir Guy Standing KBE RNVR ( 1 September 1873 - -24 February 1937 ) was an English actor .
William H. Boole ( 1827 -- February 24 , 1896 ) was a pastor of the Willet Street Methodist Church in the Bowery in New York City .
Ronald Guttman ( born 12 August 1952 ) is a Belgian actor , theatrical producer and film producer .
Rachel Kushner ( born 1968 ) is an American writer , known for her novels Telex from Cuba ( 2008 ) and The Flamethrowers ( 2013 ) .
S Ramachandran ( born on 11 March 1972 ) is an Indian film director .
Kristine Harutyunyan ( Armenian : Քրիստինե Հարությունյան , born 18 May 1991 in Leninakan , Armenian SSR ) is an Armenian javelin thrower .
Wolfgang Dimetrik ( born 6 January 1974 ) is an Austrian accordionist .
Padma Sachdev ( born 1940 ) is an Indian poet and novelist .
Chris Wakelin ( born 16 March 1992 ) is an English professional snooker player from Rugby , Warwickshire .
Sara Vukčević ( born 25 March 1992 in Podgorica , Montenegro ) is a Montegerin handballer who plays for Váci NKSE and the Montenegrin national team , and participated at the 2011 World Women 's Handball Championship in Brazil .
Joanna Frank ( born 1941 ) is an American actress who starred in The Outer Limits episode `` ZZZZZ '' ( Season 1 , Episode 18 ) , which aired January 27 , 1964 , as `` Regina '' , the entomology lab assistant .
Stephen Bentley ( born 1954 ) is an American cartoonist with Creators Syndicate and the creator of Herb and Jamaal .
Steffan Evans ( born 1 September 1994 ) is a Welsh rugby union player who plays for Scarlets regional team as a fullback .
Thomas Bassnett ( born 1808 ) was an early American meteorologist .
Stuart Callaghan ( born 20 July 1976 ) is a Scottish footballer , who played for several Scottish league clubs , including Heart of Midlothian .
Denzil Webster ( October→December 1933 ( age 82 - -83 ) ) birth registered in Pontefract district , is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s , playing at representative level for Yorkshire , and at club level for Castleford , as a centre , i.e. number 3 or 4 .
Jeffrey de Zwaan ( born 26 March 1996 ) is a Dutch darts player who plays in the Professional Darts Corporation .
Yasmiany Pedroso ( born 5 August 1984 ) is a Cuban athlete competing in the heptathlon .
Bjørn Floberg ( born 12 September 1947 ) is a Norwegian actor of film , television and theatre .
Pauloosie Paniloo ( 1943 Clyde River , Nunavut - April 20 , 2007 200 km south of Clyde River , Nunavut ) was a territorial level politician .
Rajeev Sethi ( Hindi : राजीव सेठी ; born 24 May 1949 ) is a noted Indian designer , scenographer and art curator .
Enrique Ernesto Shaw ( 26 February 1921 -- 27 August 1962 ) was an Argentine Roman Catholic businessman .
Jenkin Jones ( born 1623 ) was a Welsh captain in the army of the Parliamentarians during the English Civil War , and a Puritan cleric and preacher .
Susan Krieg ( born 1952 ) is an American artist known for her mixed - media collage paintings and murals .
Alexander Hollaender ( 1898 - -1986 ) was one of the world 's leading researchers in radiation biology and in genetic mutations .
Arthur Caesar ( 9 March 1892 -- 20 June 1953 ) was a screenwriter .
Alex Dyke ( born 19 February 1962 ) is an English Sony Radio Academy Award - winning broadcaster , radio presenter , and disc jockey on BBC Radio Solent .
Martin Halvorsen Vee ( 1791 -- ? ? ) was a Norwegian politician .
Paul Dakeyne ( born 30 January 1963 ) , known by his stage name Tinman , is a British house music producer / remixer .
Deborah Laake ( 1953 -- February 6 , 2000 ) was a columnist at the Dallas Morning News in the 1980s and later a staff writer , columnist , editor , and executive at the Phoenix New Times .
St. Vitalis of Assisi , O.S.B. ( Italian : San Vitale de Assisi ) ( 1295 -- May 31 , 1370 ) , was an Italian hermit and monk .
Moritz Heuzenroeder ( 15 July 1849 -- 10 November 1897 ) was a pianist , composer and teacher of music born in Germany who had a substantial career in South Australia .
Thomas Wellock ( born 1959 ) is the historian for the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission .
Yolanda Kondonassis ( born in Norman , Oklahoma in 1963 ) is an American classical harpist .
Richard Reid Rogers ( 1868 - -November 10 , 1949 ) was a prominent United States lawyer , specializing in transit law .
Joseba Eskubi ( born 1967 ) is a Spanish artist who lives and works in Bilbao , Spain Joseba Eskubi works with soft , amorphic and organic forms in a universe of decay and his paintings appear in a surrealistic world .
Tom O'Folliard ( c. 1858 -- December 19 , 1880 ) was the best friend of outlaw William Bonney , a.k.a . Billy the Kid .
Rizwanur Rahman ( 1977 -- 21 September 2007 ) was a 30-year - old computer graphics trainer who committed suicide after marrying Priyanka Todi , daughter of industrialist Ashok Todi .
Li Jinai ( simplified Chinese : 李继耐 ; traditional Chinese : 李繼耐 ; pinyin : Lǐ Jìnài ) ( b. July 1942 ) is a general in the People 's Liberation Army .
Scott Brash MBE ( born 5 December 1985 ) is a Scottish showjumper .
John Lauritsen ( b. 1939 ) is a retired market research analyst , author , activist , and the founder of Pagan Press .
Johann Christian Wiegleb ( December 21 , 1732 -- January 16 , 1800 ) was a notable German druggist and early innovator of chemistry as a science .
Tridu Songtsen ( Tibetan : ཁྲི་འདུས་སྲོང་བཙན་ , Wylie : Khri ' dus - srong btsan ) , Tridu Songtsän or Dusong Mangban , ( 670 - -704 ; r. 676 - -704 CE ) was an emperor of the Tibetan Empire from 676 to 704 .
Douglas Myall ( born 17 December 1922 in Essex ) is a British civil servant and philatelist .
Bathabile Dlamini was born in Nquthu on 10 September 1968 and grew up in Nkandla , Matshensikazi .
Seeta Indrani ( born 20 April 1963 ) is an English dancer and actress .
Dean Rioli ( born 20 May 1978 ) is an indigenous former Australian rules football player who spent his whole professional career with the Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League .
Ingelore Kremtz - Bahls ( born 18 June 1943 ) is a retired German rower who won a gold , a silver and a bronze medal in the quadruple sculls at the European championships of 1966 , 1968 and 1969 , respectively .
Erwin Jaenecke ( 22 April 1890 -- 3 July 1960 ) , was a German Colonel General .
Damien Bowen ( born 14 May 1984 ) is an Australian seated shot putter and seated javelin thrower .
Jack Rayner ( 1921 -- 2008 ) was an Australian state and national representative rugby league player and NSWRFL coach .
Jan Damesz de Veth ( 1595 in Gouda -- 1625 in Gouda ) , was a Dutch Golden Age portrait painter .
Kemble Scott is the pseudonym for fiction used by American journalist Scott James ( born 1962 ) , writer of a weekly column about the San Francisco Bay Area for The New York Times and The Bay Citizen .
Steve Gawley ( born 1952 ) is a special effects artist who was nominated at the 62nd Academy Awards in the category of Best Visual effects for his work on the film Back to the Future Part II . His nomination was shared with John Bell , Michael Lantieri and Ken Ralston .
Helmut Bellingrodt ( born 10 July 1949 ) is a Colombian sport shooter who won two Olympic silver medals .
Samuel I. Cabell ( 1802 - July 18 , 1865 ) was a wealthy plantation owner who was known for his strong will as well as his strong temper .
Francisco Javier Da Silva Irago ( Vigo , 1979 ) , better known as Kiko da Silva , is a Galician illustrator and cartoonist .
Teppo Järvinen ( born 1967 in Helsinki ) is a Finnish scenographer .
James Pindall ( ca . 1783 -- November 22 , 1825 ) was a U.S. Representative from Virginia .
Arantza del Puerto Astiz ( born in San Sebastián , 8 March 1971 ) is a Spanish former football defender .
Vice Admiral William Goodsonn ( 1610 -- in or after 1680 ) , joined the Parliamentary cause during the Second English Civil War in 1647 .
Jan of Tarnów ( Polish : Jan z Tarnowa equally Jan Tarnowski as well as Jan Tarnowski z Tarnowa ; c. 1349 - -1409 ) was a Polish nobleman ( szlachcic ) from the Lesser Poland region .
Larry Beasley , CM ( born 12 May 1948 ) was recently Co - Director of Planning for the City Of Vancouver in British Columbia , Canada .
Paolo Giubellino , ( born 9 November 1960 ) is an experimental particle physicist working on High - Energy Nuclear Collisions at CERN .
Betsy Hart ( born c. 1963 ) is a syndicated columnist for the Scripps Howard News and conservative commentator who is a frequent contributor to CNN and the Fox News Channel .
Phill Brown ( born 4 January 1955 , Tottenham , London ) is an audio engineer who has worked with a number of well - known musicians , including :
Edmundo Novillo Aguilar ( born 28 January 1963 in Totora , Campero Province , Cochabamba ) is a Bolivian lawyer , politician , and Governor of Cochabamba .
Mark Dean Veca is an American artist ( born 1963 ) based in Brooklyn , New York .
Tetyana Trehubová ( born 14 March 1989 ) is a Ukrainian - born Slovak handball who plays for IUVENTA Michalovce and the Slovak national team .
Chen Zhaojing ( born 5 April 1969 ) is a former Chinese track and field athlete who competed in sprint events .
Lars - Göran Lönnermark , born 26 August 1939 , is a Swedish bishop emeritus .
Sidney Williams ( born 1962 ) , is an American author of six novels under his own name and three young adult novels under the pseudonym Michael August .
Jorge Preá , full name Jorge Arnaldo Pereira , ( born 10 January 1984 in São Paulo city ) , is a Brazilian football player at the position of striker .
Pa Saikou Kujabi ( born 10 December 1986 in Serrekunda ) , is a Gambian footballer who last played as a left back for Whitehawk .
Duan Yongping ( Chinese : 段永平 ; pinyin : Duàn Yǒngpíng ; born 1961 ) is a Chinese electrical engineer , inventor , entrepreneur , and philanthropist .
Lord Anthony Crichton - Stuart ( born 14 May 1961 ) is an art historian , and former head of old master paintings at Christie 's in New York , where he worked from 1991 until 2006 .
Antony Fowler ( born 10 March 1991 in Liverpool ) is an English amateur boxer in the middleweight division who competed at the 2013 World Championships , won the Bronze medal along with Artem Chebotarev of Russia .
Theophilus Eaton ( c. 1590 -- January 7 , 1658 ) was a merchant , farmer , and Puritan colonial leader who was the co - founder and first governor of New Haven Colony , Connecticut .
Emilio Belaval Maldonado ( 1903-November 8 , 1972 ) served for 9 years as an Associate Justice of the Puerto Rico Supreme Court from 1953 to 1967 .
Vilayet Jafri was born on 2 October 1935 in Rae Bareli , Uttar Pradesh , India to an illustrious family of patriots who stood against the British during the Indian freedom struggle .
Winifred Carrick ( 1892 -- ? ) was a New Zealand woman who was acquitted of child murder in February 1918 , after the death of her three - year - old son Donald in December 1917 .
Born in 1945 on Cape Cod , Barry Clifford has been involved in underwater exploration for most of his adult life .
Ted Okuda ( born 1953 ) is an American non - fiction author and film historian .
Jackie Kellogg ( born March 29 , 1971 ) is a former American and Canadian football defensive back in the Canadian Football League ( CFL ) , World League of American Football ( WLAF ) , Arena Football League ( AFL ) and XFL .
Sandra Eades ( born 1967 ) is a Noongar physician , researcher and professor , and the first Aboriginal medical practitioner to be awarded a Doctorate of Philosophy in 2003 .
Harold Gramatges ( 26 September 1918 -- 16 December 2008 ) was a Cuban composer , pianist , and teacher .
Ken Rowlands ( born 3 July 1927 ) was a Welsh light heavyweight boxer .
Mary Michelle Nunn ( born November 16 , 1966 ) is an American philanthropic executive and politician .
Peter Overton ( born 5 April 1965 ) is an Australian television journalist and news presenter .
Semih Kaplanoğlu ( born 1963 ) is a Turkish playwright , film director and producer .
Ali Sabbagh ( Arabic : علي صباغ ; born 30 June 1979 ) is a Lebanese football referee who has been a full international referee for FIFA since 2008 .
Yehezkel Flomin ( Hebrew : יחזקאל פלומין‎ , born 2 August 1935 ) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Likud between 1974 and 1981 .
Eve Christine Gadzikwa ( née Mandaza ) ( born 24 December 1964 ) is a Zimbabwean businesswoman , leader , mentor , philanthropist and an author .
Chaka Mkali ( born 1972 ) , better known by his stage name I Self Devine , is an American hip hop musician based in Minneapolis , Minnesota .
Margaret Braun ( born 1962 ) is a prominent New York City baker .
Jabarry Chandler ( born 11 April 1994 ) is a Barbadian international footballer who plays as a Forward .
Maria Pepe ( born 1960 ) is best known for being one of the first girls to play Little League baseball .
Jasper A. Vrugt ( born 1976 ) is a Dutch scientist / engineer / applied mathematician known for his work in the earth sciences : surface hydrology , soil physics , hydrogeophysics , hydrometeorology , and geophysics .
Mário Barreto Corrêa Lima ( Ceará , 7 September 1935 ) , is a Brazilian generalist doctor , professor and one of the founders of UNIMED in Rio de Janeiro .
Henry Lillywhite ( 31 December 1789 at Hawkley , Hampshire -- 30 January 1858 at Ropley , Hampshire ) was an English amateur cricketer who played first - class cricket from 1816 to 1825 .
Simanga Shiba ( born 5 December 1987 ) is an amateur boxer from Swaziland who won a Bronze at the Commonwealth Games 2006 at junior flyweight .
Henry Christy ( 26 July 1810 -- 4 May 1865 ) was an English banker and collector , who left his substantial collections to the British Museum .
Chirag Suri ( born 18 February 1995 ) is a List A and United Arab Emirates Under-19s cricketer . He played under-19 world cup cricket in 2014 .
Donal Monaghan ( 1950 - 3rd Janaury 2016 ) was an Irish former Gaelic footballer who played as a right corner - back for the Donegal senior team .
Luke Walsh ( born 12 May 1987 ) is an indigenous Australian professional rugby league player for St Helens in the European Super League His position of choice is at halfback .
Ragnhild Lundén is a visual Swedish artist , born in Gothenburg 1945 .
Tanja Kreil ( born 1977 ) is a German electrician notable for filing a lawsuit against the Bundeswehr ( Germany 's armed forces ) with European Court of Justice that forced the German military to allow women to join the armed forces .
Eugen Quaglio ( b Munich , 3 April 1857 ; d Berlin , 25 Sept 1942 ) was a German stage designer of Italian extraction .
Michel Varga ( born Balazs Nagy ; c. 1927 -- August 23 , 2015 ) was a Hungarian and French Trotskyist activist .
Jeananne Crowley ( born 18 December 1949 ) is an Irish actress and writer , remembered for her collaborations in British film and television .
Anton Gelonkin ( born c. 1964 ) was a Russian bank chairman who disappeared during the 1995 collapse of the Moscow City Bank and later convicted of running an international organised internet based fraud in 2006 .
Wolfgang Herz ( born 1950 ) is a German businessman , co - owner of the German coffee shop and retail chain Tchibo .
Clive Bull , born 23 January 1959 , is an award - winning radio talk show host , best known for presenting a late - night show on LBC in London , England .
Corey Pearson ( born 9 January 1973 in New South Wales ) is an Australian professional rugby league player of the 1990s , and 2000s .
Tarjei Bø ( born 29 July 1988 ) is a professional Norwegian biathlete .
Swar Khan also known as Swatkhan Bahar ( born c. 1970 ) is a citizen of Afghanistan , who was held in extrajudicial detention in the United States 's Guantanamo Bay detention camps , in Cuba .
Adam Gillies , Lord Gillies ( 1760 - -1842 ) was a Scottish judge .
Sir Alfred Charles Bernard Lovell , OBE , FRS ( 31 August 1913 -- 6 August 2012 ) was an English physicist and radio astronomer .
Eloise Gerry ( 12 January 1885 - -1970 ) was an influential research scientist whose early 20th century work contributed greatly to the study of southern pine trees and turpentine production .
General André Cox ( born 12 July 1954 ) is the 20th General of The Salvation Army .
Frank Tousey ( 1853 - -1902 ) was among the top five publishers of dime novels in the late 1800s and early 1900s .
Wang Huizhong ( Chinese : 王辉忠 ; born February 1956 ) is a Chinese politician from Zhejiang province .
Dhananjaya Maduranga de Silva , or commonly Dhananjaya de Silva ( born 6 September 1991 ) is a international Sri Lankan cricketer .
Simpson Harris Morgan ( 1821 -- December 15 , 1864 ) was a prominent Confederate politician who represented Texas in the Second Confederate Congress in 1864 .
Heathcote Dicken Statham CBE ( 7 December 1889 - 29 October 1973 ) was a conductor , composer and organist of international repute .
Biswanath Pattnaik was born on 11 November 1916 in Kumarada , a village of then Ganjam district .
Bill Segal ( born in 1949 in Orlando , Florida ) was the District 5 County Commissioner of the Orange County Board of County Commissioners in Orange County , Florida and was a candidate for Mayor of Orange County .
Regina Rollinger - Jonkajtys ( born 19 January 1932 ) , better known by her stage name Rena Rolska is a Polish singer , dancer and actress .
Juan Domínguez de Mendoza ( born 1631 ) was a Spanish soldier who played an important role in suppressing the Pueblo Revolt of 1680 and who made two major expeditions from New Mexico into Texas .
Ganpat Patil ( 1920 -- March 23 , 2008 ) was a notable actor in Marathi movies and drama .
Julianna Baggott ( born 30 September 1969 ) is a novelist , essayist and poet who also writes under the pen names Bridget Asher and N.E. Bode .
Julian Brandt ( born 2 May 1996 ) is a German professional footballer who plays as a right winger for German club Bayer Leverkusen .
Sir Terence Garvey KCMG ( 7 December 1915 -- 7 December 1986 ) was a British diplomat who was High Commissioner to India and Ambassador to the USSR .
Charlotte Booth ( born 6 April 1975 ) is a British Egyptologist and archaeologist .
Jon Iles ( born 17 May 1954 in Ripon , North Yorkshire ) is an English actor who played DC Mike Dashwood in The Bill from 1984 to 1992 and he has also been in To the Manor Born , The Dick Emery Show , and Fresh Fields .
Manolis Pappas ( Greek : Εμμανουήλ Παππάς ) ( born 1951 ) , is a former Greek footballer ( midfielder ) .
Michele O'Marah ( born 1967 ) is an American video artist .
Joseph Georges - Émile Gaston Allaire ( 18 June 1916 -- 15 January 2011 ) was a Canadian musicologist , organist , pianist , composer , and music educator of American birth .
Nathan Hurst ( born 1977 ) is an Australian programmer .
Antal Günther ( 23 September 1847 - 23 February 1920 ) was a Hungarian politician and journalist , who served as Minister of Justice between 1907 and 1909 .
Moris Zano ( Hebrew : מוריס ז'אנו‎ ; born 8 May 1958 ) is an Israeli former footballer .
Mari Osmundsen is the literary pseudonym of Anne Kristine Halling ( born 20 June 1951 ) , a Norwegian novelist and children 's writer .
Emil Signes ( born 1940 ) is a former USA Rugby National Team coach who is also notable for facilitating the inclusion of the seven - member rugby union variant , called Rugby sevens , in the Olympics .
Rubén Orihuela Gavilán ( born 1987 ) is a Spanish rhythmic gymnast .
Richard Cock ( born 1949 ) is a South African - born musician and conductor currently based in Johannesburg .
Ali Ibrahim ( 19 December 1971 -- 28 March 2010 ) was an Egyptian rower who competed at four Olympic Games .
Sudha Bhattacharya ( born 7 March 1952 ) is an Indian academic , scientist and a writer .
Ali Ravaghi ( in Persian:علی رواقی - b. 1941 , Mashhad , Iran ) is a master of Persian literature , Qur'an researcher and a member of Academy of Persian Language and Literature .
Grigor Taylor ( born in 1943 ) also known as Greg Taylor , is an Australian actor , best known for his parts in several television series including Matlock Police and Glenview High .
Virginie Efira ( born 5 May 1977 ) is a Belgian actress , and anchor on French Television .
Thomas Löfkvist ( born 4 April 1984 ) is a Swedish former professional road bicycle racer who last rode for the UCI Professional Continental team IAM Cycling .
Katherine Lanpher ( born 1959 ) is an American writer , journalist , broadcaster , and podcaster , who came to national prominence as the co - host of the Air America Radio program The Al Franken Show in 2004 and 2005 .
Ronald Forbes ( born 5 April 1985 ) is a track athlete from the Cayman Islands .
David Macfarlane ( born 1952 in Hamilton , Ontario ) is a Canadian journalist , playwright and novelist .
Edmond Gibney , originally from Kilskyre , Kells , County Meath , Ireland ( born 18 July 1974 ) , is an Irish Olympic Three Day Eventing rider who represented Ireland in the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens .
Maui Taylor ( born Maureen Anne Tupaz ; 28 June 1983 ) is a Filipino model , singer , and actress .
Nazmi Ziya Güran ( 1881 -- 11 September 1937 ) was a Turkish Impressionist painter and art teacher .
Aaron McCormack ( born 7 May 1971 ) is a former leader of the youth wing of the Alliance Party of Northern Ireland who more recently has been a business leader and CEO in the IT sector -- most notably as CEO of BT Conferencing .
Marc Handelman ( born Santa Clara , California , 1975 ) is an American painter living and working in Brooklyn , New York .
Simon Fisher - Becker , Viscount of William & Mona ( born 25 November 1961 ) is an English stage , television and film actor , specialising in comedy and character parts .
Mandana Jones was born on 26 February 1967 to a Welsh father and an Iranian mother .
Gena Branscombe ( 4 November 1881 -- 26 July 1977 ) was a Canadian pianist , composer , music educator and choir conductor who lived and worked in the United States .
wHarald Hervig ( born 31 March 1948 ) was a Norwegian sport wrestler who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics .
Adam Fraser ( 1871 -- after 1895 ) was a Scottish professional footballer who made 19 appearances in the First Division of the Football League for Small Heath .
Bianca Dittrich ( born 1977 ) is a German theoretical physicist known for her contributions to loop quantum gravity and the spin foam approach to quantum gravity .
Johannes de Limburgia ( also Johannes de Lymburgia or Johannes Vinandi ; fl . 1408 - -1430 ) was a Franco - Flemish School composer .
Ronald McKenzie ( 1885 -- after 1909 ) was a Scottish footballer who scored 6 goals from 28 appearances in the Football League playing for Lincoln City .
David Massengill ( born 1951 , Bristol , Tennessee ) is an American folk singer / songwriter , guitar and appalachian dulcimer player .
Padraic Fiacc ( born Patrick Joseph O'Connor ; 15 April 1924 , Belfast , Northern Ireland ) is an Irish poet , and member of Aosdána , the exclusive Irish Arts Academy .
Jacqueline Lovell ( born 9 December 1974 ) is an American actress born and raised in Southern California .
Gani Mirzo ( born 1968 ) is a contemporary Kurdish musician .
Jilly Johnson ( née Gosden ) ( born 17 November 1953 ) is a former Page 3 girl .
Ty Burr ( born 1957 ) is an American film critic who writes for The Boston Globe .
Amato Ferrari ( born 18 April 1966 ) is an Italian former auto racing driver .
Yom Tov Lipman Lipkin ( Hebrew : יום טוב ליפמן ליפקין‎ , Russian : Йом Тов Липман Липкин ; 1846 -- February 21 ( O.S. February 9 ) 1876 ) was a Lithuanian Jewish mathematician and inventor .
Michael Bawtree ( born 25 August 1937 ) is a Canadian actor , director , author and educator .
John Matshikiza ( 26 November 1954 -- 15 September 2008 ) was a South African actor , theatre director , poet and journalist .
Les Vandyke ( born John Worsley ; 21 June 1931 , Battersea , South London , England ) was a popular music singer and later songwriter in the 1950s - 1970s .
Mario Vaquerizo Caro ( born 5 July 1974 in Madrid , Spain ) is a journalist , writer , singer , actor , manager and collaborator of radio and television .
John Rawlet or Rawlett ( 1642 - -1686 ) was an English Anglican cleric , known as a preacher and writer of religious literature , and for his close sympathy with Presbyterians .
Edwyn Harry Lukin Johnston ( 1887 - Nov. 18 , 1933 ) was an English - Canadian author , journalist and soldier whose mysterious disappearance three days after interviewing Adolf Hitler is speculated to be a possible assassination and `` one of the most enduring mysteries of Canadian journalism . ''
Henk van der Vliet ( born 1928 ) is a Dutch flautist and composer of contemporary classical music .
June Rose Bellamy , also Yadana Nat - Mei ( Burmese : ရတနာနတ်မယ် ; lit . Goddess of the Nine Jewels ) , born 1932 , was the fourth wife of Burmese dictator Ne Win .
Lillias Irma Valerie Arkell - Smith ( 1895 - -1960 ) was a transgender man who , as Victor Barker `` married '' a woman .
Clint Halden ( born 20 January 1981 in Barellan , New South Wales ) is a former Australian professional rugby league player for the Manly - Warringah Sea Eagles in the National Rugby League competition .
Daniele Gangemi ( born 18 June 1980 ) is an Italian film director , screenwriter and cinematographer .
Nicoleta Alexandru ( born 5 November 1968 ) , whose stage name is Nicola , is a Romanian singer .
Alcindo Holder ( born 24 September 1982 ) in Bridgetown .
Astrid Birgitta Elisabeth Tarras - Wahlberg born von Engelhardt on 15 September 1950 in Kristianstad , Skåne County .
Richard Kwietniowski ( born 17 March 1957 ) is an English film director and screenwriter of Polish descent .
Natasja Saad ( 31 October 1974 -- 24 June 2007 ) , also known as Dou T ' , Little T and Natasja , was a Danish rapper and reggae singer .
Ulrike Sennewald ( born 10 May 1989 ) is a German rower who had her best achievements in the eights .
Bronisław Hager ( 1890 - -1969 ) was a Polish activist and public health pioneer .
There is some disagreement regarding the exact birth date of Surdas , some scholars believing it to be 1478 AD , with others claiming it to be 1479 AD .
Franz Joseph Untersee ( 1858 - 1927 ) was a Swiss - American architect who designed many Roman Catholic churches throughout the eastern part of United States .
John Reginald Bevins ( 20 August 1908 -- 16 November 1996 ) was a British Conservative politician who served as a Liverpool Member of Parliament ( MP ) for fourteen years .
Emily Tsingou ( b. 1968 , Athens , Greece ) is a private art dealer who lives in London , England .
Timothy John Byford ( Serbian : Тимоти Џон Бајфорд/Timoti Džon Bajford ; 25 July 1941 -- 5 May 2014 ) was an author , film director , translator , and educator .
Steven Shearer ( born 1968 ) is a contemporary artist based in Vancouver , British Columbia .
Lawrence Ah Mon or Lawrence Lau Kwok Cheong ( 劉國昌 ) ( born 1949 ) is a Hong Kong film director .
Shahzada Mirza Jawan Bakht Bahadur ( Persian , Urdu : ‎ ) alternative spelling Mirza Javan Bakht , Mirza Jewan Bakht also known as Mirza Jahandar Shah ( A.D. 1749 - 31 May 1788 A.D. , 25th Shaban 1202 A.H. , ) born at the Red Fort , Delhi .
Surendran Reddy ( 9 March 1962 -- 22 January 2010 ) was a South African composer and pianist .
Anthony - Noel Kelly ( born 1956 ) is a British artist who was found guilty of the theft of body parts from the Royal College of Surgeons , which he had used to make moulds for sculptures .
Michael C. Horowitz ( born 1978 ) is an American author and associate professor of political science at the University of Pennsylvania .
Juhn Atsushi Wada , OC ( born March 28 , 1924 ) is a Japanese Canadian neurologist known for research into epilepsy , including his description of the Wada test for cerebral hemispheric dominance of language function .
Ah Toy ( Cantonese : 亞彩 Aa3 Coi2 ; c. 1828 - -1928 ) was a Cantonese - born American prostitute and madam in San Francisco , California during the California Gold Rush , and purportedly the first Chinese prostitute in San Francisco .
Rich Parker ( born 5 February 1987 in Birmingham ) is a British professional vert skater .
Joseph Michael Kerrigan ( 16 December 1884 -- 29 April 1964 ) , better known as J. M. Kerrigan , was an Irish character actor .
Abdulaziz Al - Anberi , also spelled Abdul - Aziz Al - Anbari ( born 3 January 1954 in Kaifan ) is a Kuwaiti footballer .
Josette Sheeran ( born 1954 ) has been President and CEO of the Asia Society since May 2013 .
Paul Zadro ( born 15 March 1963 , at Innisfail , in Northern Queensland ) , is an Australian martial artist , sport administrator and promoter .
John Nisbet ( 1627 - -1685 ) was a Scottish covenanter who was executed for participating in the rebellion at Bothwell Brig .
Alexandros Theofilakis ( Greek : Αλέξανδρος Θεοφιλάκης , born 1877 ) was a Greek shooter .
Charlotte Purdue ( born 10 June 1991 ) is a British long - distance runner who competes in the 5000 metres and 10,000 metres , as well as cross country running .
Odili Donald Odita ( born 1966 ) is an African American artist from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Tan Ruyin ( simplified Chinese : 谭茹殷 ; traditional Chinese : 譚茹殷 ; pinyin : Tán Rúyīn ; born 17 July 1994 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangdong Lottery in the Chinese Women 's Super League .
Fabrizio Cacciatore ( born 8 October 1986 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a full back for Chievo , on loan from Sampdoria .
Georgie Parker ( born 16 December 1964 ) is a two - time Gold Logie award winning Australian television actress and has also appeared in film and theatre .
Phil Cronan ( born 17 July 1959 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for St Kilda and Footscray in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) in between 1984 and 1988 .
Hossein Faraki ( Persian : حسین فرکی‎‎ , born 22 March 1957 ) is a retired Iranian football players and a coach .
Trond Andresen ( born 30 April 1947 ) is a Norwegian academic , former communist politician , public writer and debater , broadcaster , and assistant professor of Cybernetics at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology ( NTNU ) .
Jibril Rajoub ( Arabic : جبريل رجوب‎ , born 1953 ) , also known by his kunya Abu Rami is a Palestinian political and militant figure .
Alan Abel ( born 1930 ) is an American prankster , hoaxer , writer , mockumentary filmmaker , and jazz percussionist famous for several hoaxes that became media circuses .
Ashu Sharma ( born 24 November 1993 ) is an Indian film and television actor who has appeared in Bollywood films including Teen Patti and No One Killed Jessica .
Jonathan Glatzer ( born 21 October 1969 ) is a writer , director , and producer .
Bedri Gürsoy ( 1902 in Kadıköy , İstanbul -- 4 February 1994 in Moda , Kadıköy , İstanbul ) was a Turkish football player of Fenerbahçe .
Elisa Trevisan ( born 5 March 1980 ) is an Italian heptathlete .
Manuel Matamoros García ( 1834 - -1866 ) was a leading Spanish Protestant .
Colm Mac Eochaidh ( born 1963 ) is an Irish High Court judge .
Keith Sequeira ( born 30 April 1980 ) is an Indian actor , and a former model and VJ .
Abd al Haqq Kielan ( Arabic : عبدالحق كيلان‎ , born 22 June 1941 ) is a Swedish Muslim cleric .
Mark Irish ( born 25 August 1981 ) is an English rugby union footballer who plays at prop for London Scottish .
Tidjane Thiam ( born 29 July 1962 ) is an Ivorian businessman and former politician who became the Chief Executive of Credit Suisse in June 2015 .
Ramona Persaud ( born September 1971 ) is a West Indian - born , documentary film maker , photographer , writer and salesperson , who loves to travel .
Ralph Lane Polk ( 1849 -- 1923 ) was an American compiler of facts and publisher of directories .
Darel Hart ( born 3 January 1964 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) and for Adelaide in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Darren McGeouch , sometimes misspelled as McGeough , ( born 28 February 1990 ) is a Scottish footballer currently playing for Scottish Junior Football Association , West Region side Irvine Meadow .
Johnny Aubert ( born 31 May 1980 ) is a French enduro rider and a two - time world - champion .
William McKennie ( 1868 -- 1902 ) was a Scottish footballer who played in the Football League for Darwen and Preston North End .
Luis Felipe Restrepo ( born 1959 ) is a United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit and former United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania .
Pete Gill ( born 9 June 1951 ) is an English former heavy metal drummer , formerly a member of The Glitter Band , Saxon and Motörhead .
Zhao Liping ( simplified Chinese : 赵黎平 ; traditional Chinese : 趙黎平 ; pinyin : Zhào Lípíng ; born August 1951 ) is a former Chinese police chief and politician who spent most of his career in Inner Mongolia .
Hans - Peter von Kirchbach ( born 3 August 1941 ) is a retired German general and former Chief of Staff of the Federal Armed Forces from 1999 - 2000 .
Luke Ricketson ( born 5 February 1973 , in Forster , New South Wales ) is an Australian retired professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s .
Shunmugam Jayakumar ( born 12 August 1939 ) , often known as S. Jayakumar , is a former Singaporean politician , lawyer and diplomat .
Matt Wisniewski ( born 1990 ) is an American artist and software engineer .
Thomas Yeh Sheng - nan ( Chinese : 葉勝男 ; pinyin : Yè Shèngnán ; born 26 June 1941 ) is a Taiwanese prelate of the Roman Catholic Church and diplomat of the Holy See .
Henrik Batikyan ( born on 12 February 1977 ) is an Armenian footballer .
Felix F. de Crano ( 1842 -- September 15 , 1908 ) ( often written as DeCrano ) was an impressionist artist in New England , St. Augustine , Florida and Europe .
Tülay Babuşcu ( born 26 January 1976 ) is a Turkish politician from Balıkesir who caused controversy in early 2015 for publicly declaring the end of the Turkish Republic and the resumption of the Ottoman Empire .
Raimar von Hase ( born 12 March 1948 ) is a Namibian farmer .
Benjamin Knower ( 1775 Roxbury , now a borough of Boston , Massachusetts -- August 23 , 1839 Watervliet , Albany County , New York ) was an American merchant , banker and politician .
Edmund Walrond ( 1655 - 1708 ) , of Bovey , Seaton , Devon , was an English politician .
Michael Nicholson OBE ( born 9 January 1937 ) is an English journalist and former ITN Senior Foreign Correspondent .
Dimitar Trendafilov Vasilev ( Bulgarian : Димитър Трендафилов Василев ) ( born 25 February 1967 ) is a retired Bulgarian footballer and current manager of Kaliakra Kavarna , having started the role in October 2013 .
Simeon Monev ( Bulgarian : Симеон Монев , born 10 July 1957 ) is a Bulgarian modern pentathlete .
Juan Davis Bradburn ( 1787 -- April 20 , 1842 ) , born John Davis Bradburn , was a brigadier general in the Mexican Army .
Lewis Benson ( 1906 - -1986 ) was perhaps the 20th century 's greatest expert on the writings of George Fox .
Kim Jang - hoon ( Hangul : 김장훈 ; hanja : 金章勳 ; born 14 August 1967 ) is a South Korean singer , known for his rock ballads .
Hajji Noor Deen Mi Guangjiang ( born 1963 ) is an expert in Islamic calligraphy , specializing in the Sini style which originated from the Chinese Muslim tradition .
Chris Molitor ( born 28 August 1988 ) is a former Australian professional basketball forward who spent the 2009 - -10 season playing with the NBL 's Adelaide 36ers .
Jonathan De Falco ( born 8 October 1984 ) is a retired Belgian footballer who is currently active as a pornographic film actor under his stage name Stany Falcone .
Raymond Spencer Rodgers ( 1935 - -2007 ) was a British - born American educator and futurist who spent most of his adult life in Canada .
Kim Jung - woo ( Hangul : 김정우 , born 9 May 1982 ) , is a South Korean football player .
Craig Heaney ( born August 1973 ) , is a British screen , stage and radio actor .
Hans Fischer ( 27 July 1881 -- 31 March 1945 ) was a German organic chemist and the recipient of the 1930 Nobel Prize for Chemistry .
Marie Moser ( born 1948 ) is a Canadian novelist and short - story writer residing in Edmonton , Alberta .
Paul Huson ( born 19 September 1942 ) is a British - born author and artist currently living in the United States .
John Basil Poel ( 14 April 1881 - 23 October 1937 ) was Chairman of the Romford Urban District Council in the County of Essex from 1931 to 1932 .
Mentz Schulerud ( 17 October 1915 -- 18 May 2003 ) was a Norwegian author , radio personality and theatre director .
Paule Gauthier , PC , OC , OQ , QC ( born 1943 ) is a Canadian lawyer , arbitrator and public servant .
Benjamin Moore Norman ( December 22 , 1809 -- February 1 , 1860 ) was an American book dealer and writer who , through his profession , was witness to the editorial success achieved by the book written by John Lloyd Stephens in the United States , Incidents of Travel in Central America , Chiapas and Yucatán .
Gary Pert ( born 28 May 1965 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who represented Fitzroy and Collingwood in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Du Yinjiao ( Chinese : 杜银鲛 ; pinyin : Dù Yínjiǎo ; born 1965 in the China ) is a Chinese saxophonist .
Romain Philippoteaux ( born 2 March 1988 ) is a French professional footballer who plays as a winger for FC Lorient , a club in joined in February 2015 .
Gumersindo Magaña Negrete ( born 1938 in Uruapan , Michoacán , died 16 April 2013 ) was a Mexican politician , former member of the right - wing and now dissolved Mexican Democratic Party ( PDM ) , who represented his party in the 1988 presidential election .
José de Rezabal y Ugarte ( 1747 -- 1800 ) was a Spanish lawyer and judge and jurist .
Jacqui Melksham ( born 12 October 1978 ) is an Australian football ( soccer ) referee .
Himilce Novas ( born 1944 ) is a novelist , historian , journalist and human rights activist .
Ludovic Colquhoun ( 1804 -- 1882 ) also known as Ludwig Colquhoun , was a 19th - century politician , Texas Senator and merchant of San Antonio , Texas .
Francis Kiernan FRS ( 2 October 1800 -- 31 December 1874 ) was an anatomist and physician .
Baba Gurmukh Singh ( 1888 -- March 13 , 1977 ) was a Ghadr revolutionary and a Sikh leader .
Adam Blackley ( born 22 February 1985 in Melbourne ) is a pitcher with the Amsterdam Pirates and the Melbourne Aces .
Lieven Scheire ( born 3 May 1981 ) is a Belgian comedian , mainly known for being a member of Neveneffecten .
James Cluskey ( born 18 August 1986 ) is a retired Irish professional tennis player , mainly playing doubles .
Mark Haworth - Booth OBE HonFRPS ( born 20 August 1944 ) served as a curator at the Victoria & Albert Museum , London , from 1970 to 2004 .
Nicola Minichiello ( born Nicola Gautier on 21 March 1978 ) is a retired British bobsledder who has competed between 2001 and 2011 .
Slamet Rahardjo Djarot ( born 21 January 1949 ) is an Indonesian actor , director , and screenwriter .
Pius C. Kuriakose ( Malayalam : പയസ്സ് സി. കുര്യാക്കോസ് ; born 12 October 1951 ) is the Lokayukta of the state of Kerala and was the Chief Justice of Sikkim High Court .
Alfred Hutchinson ( 1924 in Hectorspruit , Transvaal Province , South Africa -- 14 October 1972 in Nigeria ) was a South African author , teacher and activist .
Yao Jude ( Chinese : 姚居德 ; pinyin : Yáo Jūdé ; born 1957 ) is a Chinese actor .
Jim Hilyer ( born August 1 , 1935 ) was the first head coach in the history of the University of Alabama at Birmingham ( UAB ) Blazers college football team .
Agha Hashar Kashmiri ( 3 April 1879 -- 28 April 1935 ) was an eminent Urdu poet , playwright and dramatist who was called the `` Shakespeare of Urdu . ''
Maria Dangell ( born 30 March 1974 ) is an international singer , pianist , and songwriter .
Rabbi Goldie Milgram ( born 1955 ) is an American rabbi , educator , and writer .
Dean Woodman ( born 1929 ) is an American businessman , philanthropist , and co - founder of the investment bank Robertson Stephens .
Dukagjin Karanezi ( born 11 June 1993 ) is an Austrian--
Veronica Doran ( born 17 May 1948 ) is a British character actress who remains best known for her 18 month stint as Marion Willis in the ITV soap opera , Coronation Street .
Mariano di Jacopo ( 1382 -- c. 1453 ) , called Taccola ( `` jackdaw '' ) , was an Italian polymath , administrator , artist and engineer of the early Renaissance .
Artur Wichniarek ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈartur vixˈɲarɛk ) , born 28 February 1977 ) is a Polish footballer .
Monika Hestad ( born 8 March 1977 ) is a Norwegian industrial designer and researcher .
Andrey Ignatov ( Russian : Андрей Игнатов ; born 3 February 1968 ) is a retired Russian long jumper .
Rüdiger Fikentscher ( born 30 January 1941 ) was an East German physician and academic .
Darvin Edwards ( born 11 September 1986 ) is a Saint Lucian competitor in men 's High Jump .
Sydney Tafler ( 31 July 1916 -- 8 November 1979 ) was an English actor best remembered for numerous appearances in films and on British television from the 1940s to the 1970s .
Irina Meszynski ( born 24 March 1962 , in Berlin ) is a retired East German discus thrower .
Bryan E. Bledsoe D.O. , FACEP , EMT - P ( born 1955 ) , is an emergency medicine physician , paramedic , author and educator .
Vincent Sellaer ( 1490 -- 1564 ) , was a Flemish Renaissance painter of mythological and religious subjects .
Hagop Ishkanian ( Armenian : Հակոբ Իշխանյան , born 27 July 1938 ) is a contemporary Armenian and American sculptor .
Christodoulos Aronis was born in 1884 in the village of Dendiatika , on the island of Paxos , Greece ( see Paxi ) .
Julian Beever ( born c. 1959 ) is a British chalk artist who has been creating trompe - l'œil chalk drawings on pavement surfaces since the mid-1990s .
Jack Wu ( born 23 August 1977 ) is a television actor and host from Hong Kong , working for TVB .
Chief Naiche ( ca . 1857 - 1919 ) was the final hereditary chief of the Chiricahua band of Apache Indians .
Jean - Pierre Gorin ( born 17 April 1943 ) is a French filmmaker and professor , best known for his work with Nouvelle Vague luminary Jean - Luc Godard , during what is often referred to as Godard 's `` radical '' period .
Carl Alexander Wendt ( 13 January 1923 -- 2006 ) was a Norwegian police leader and civil servant .
Sokol Shameti , ( born 29 April 1978 ) is an Albanian columnist , writer and journalist .
Kingston Nkhatha ( born 27 October 1985 ) is a Zimbabwean footballer who plays as a striker for Kaizer Chiefs in the South African Premier Soccer League and Zimbabwe .
Rajaâ Cherkaoui El Moursli ( born 12 May 1954 ) is a Moroccan Professor of nuclear physics .
James Liddell ( born 1905 ) was a Scottish footballer who played for Albion Rovers , Dumbarton and Clyde .
Mahendra Pal Singh ( born 15 July 1940 ) , popularly known as M.P. Singh , is a renowned constitutional law scholar of India .
Gina Riley ( born 6 May 1961 ) is an Australian actress , writer , singer and comedian .
Reza Norouzi ( Persian : رضا نوروزی‎‎ , born 21 September 1982 ) is an Iranian Football Forward who currently plays for Paykan in the Azadegan League .
Laura Nader ( born 1930 ) is an American anthropologist .
Paul Hatch ( born 1969 , Lichfield , United Kingdom ) is a British industrial designer and is the founder / president of TEAMS Design USA , a global product design consultancy .
Ferguson Cheruiyot Rotich ( born 30 November 1989 ) is a Kenyan middle - distance runner who competes in the 800 metres .
Luce de Gast ( or Luces de Gast ) born c. 1190 , was lord of the castle of Gast , near Salisbury .
Raúl Peñaranda Undurraga ( born 1966 ) is a Bolivian journalist and political analyst .
Matthew Yorke ( born 24 November 1958 ) is a British novelist and editor .
Harold Marion Crothers ( born 1887 ) was an American professor of electrical engineering at South Dakota State University where he also served as president for three periods ( 1946 , 1951 , 1957 - -58 ) .
Jörgen van Rijen ( born 20 February 1975 , Dordrecht ) Jörgen van Rijen is Principal Trombone ( jointly with Bart Claessens ) at the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra in Amsterdam .
Yehuda Weisenstein ( Hebrew : יהודה וינשטיין ‎ ; born 11 March 1955 ) , known also as Moshe Yehuda Weinstein , is a former Israeli fencer .
George Kinnell ( born 22 December 1937 ) was a Scottish footballer who played in the Football League for Middlesbrough , Oldham Athletic , Sunderland and Stoke City .
Christian Clausen ( born 6 March 1955 ) is a Danish banker and the CEO of Nordea Bank , a role he has been in since 2007 .
Andrew Patrick Gordon ( born 1962 ) is a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Nevada .
Panagiotis Ballas ( Greek : Παναγιώτης Μπάλλας , born 6 September 1993 ) is a professional Greek football player , currently playing for Atromitos in the Greek Superleague .
Giorgos Xylouris ( Greek : Γιώργoς Ξυλούρης , born 1965 ) , also known as Psarogiorgis , is a Cretan lute player and singer .
Hans Tholstrup ( born 8 November 1944 ) is a Danish - born adventurer who was the first person to circumnavigate the Australian continent in a 4.9 meters ( 16 feet ) open boat .
Ananta Prasad Paudel ( Nepali : अनन्त प्रसाद पौडेल ) ( born 28 July 1962 ) is a member of 2nd Nepalese Constituent Assembly .
Brett Rodwell ( born 23 May 1970 ) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s and 90s .
Joan of Armagnac ( French : Jeanne d'Armagnac ; 24 June 1346 -- 1387 ) was a French noblewoman of the Armagnac family , being the eldest daughter of Count John I of Armagnac and his wife Beatrice of Clermont .
Olle Helander born 2 August 1919 , died 15 April 1976 , born in Stockholm , Swedish music journalist , author , producer and presenter of radio and TV .
Kevin Aherne - Evans ( born 16 December 1980 ) is a Welsh football manager and former professional footballer and Wales Under-21 international .
Anita Turner ( born 1972 ) is a British script editor , and television producer .
Eliza Cook ( 24 December 1818 -- 23 September 1889 ) was an English author and poet associated with the Chartist movement .
Little Pattie is the stage name of Australian singer Patricia Thelma Amphlett OAM ( born 17 March 1949 , Paddington , Sydney ) , later Patricia Thompson , who performed as a 1960s surf pop singer and then in adult contemporary music .
Adrian Younge ( born 1978 ) is an American composer , arranger and music producer based in the Los Angeles area .
Anthony Aymard ( born 11 May 1988 ) is a French association footballer currently contracted to Phnom Penh Crown in the Cambodian League .
Ignacio Lorenzo de Armas ( 1706 - unknown ) was a Spanish politician who served as mayor of San Antonio , Texas in 1738 and 1764 .
Markus Nomil Iversen ( born 1834 , date of death unknown ) was a Norwegian ship - owner and politician .
Murray Wrensted ( born 26 August 1964 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the West Coast Eagles and Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Pontine Paus ( Cecilie Alexandra Pontine Paus ) ( born 15 June 1973 ) is a Norwegian fashion designer and businesswoman , living in London , and noted for designing exclusive handbags .
Andrew Van Slee ( born 4 June 1965 ) is a Canadian - born independent film director .
Dr. Khin Maung Nyunt ( Burmese : ခင်မောင်ညွန့် ; born 13 May 1929 ) is an eminent Burmese writer and historian .
Voyen Koreis , also Vojen Korejs ( born 14 February 1943 , London ) is a Czech - Australian author , publicist , translator , visual artist , illustrator and designer .
Grażyna Auguścik ( born 17 August 1955 ) is a Polish jazz vocalist , composer and arranger .
Wang Dalei ( Chinese : 王大雷 ; pinyin : Wáng Dàléi ; born 10 January 1989 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Shandong Luneng in the Chinese Super League .
Dolores Delahanty ( born 1929 ) is a social activist and political leader in Louisville , Kentucky .
Tony Thorne ( born 1950 in Cairo , Egypt ) is a British author , linguist and lexicographer specialising in slang , jargon and cultural history .
Patricia Haynes Smith , often known as Pat Smith ( born April 1946 ) , is an African - American Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives for District 67 in East Baton Rouge Parish , Louisiana .
John Parkins ( 1571 - -1640 ) was an English merchant and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1621 to 1622 .
Thomas Lincoln Tally ( 1861 -- November 24 , 1945 ) on or near April 16 , 1902 , opened the Electric Theatre in Los Angeles , the first movie theatre in that city and the first movie theater in California known to have been built from the ground up inside a larger building on the ground floor .
Kevin O'Byrne ( born 16 April 1991 in Cork , Ireland ) is an Irish rugby union player for Munster .
Alex Hair ( born in Glasgow , 9 March 1902 ) was a footballer who played with Partick Thistle , moving to Preston North End for the 1928 - 29 season .
Russell Aaron Boyd ( born December 24 , 1980 ) , commonly known as Dutch Boyd , is an American professional poker player from Culver City , California ( originally from Columbia , Missouri ) .
Sebastian Rohrberg ( born 13 March 1979 ) is a German recurve archer .
Liam Coogans ( born 31 October 1996 ) is a Scottish footballer who is currently a free agent
Albert Riederer ( 1945 -- December 27 , 2012 ) was an American jurist and politician Riederer graduated from St. Louis University and New York University Law School .
Gottfried Küssel ( born 10 September 1958 ) is an Austrian far right political activist who also gained some notoriety in Germany .
Hidde Van Beest ( born 20 July 1979 in Arnhem , Gelderland ) is an Australian volleyball player , who was born in the Netherlands .
Najwan Darwish ( Arabic : نجوان درويش ) ; born December 8 , 1978 in Jerusalem , Palestine is an Arabic - language poets of his generation .
Carlos Alberto de Barros Franco ( born 19 May 1946 ) , is a Brazilian physician and professor , specializing in Pneumology .
Mendel Sachs ( 13 April 1927 , in Portland , Oregon -- 5 May 2012 , in Buffalo , New York ) was an American theoretical physicist who was Professor of Physics at the State University of New York Buffalo ( 1966 - -97 ) ( Emeritus since 1997 ) .
David Nuyoma ( born 3 June 1963 ) is Chairman of the Namibian Stock Exchange .
Zofia Korbońska , née Ristau ( 10 May 1915 in Warsaw -- 16 August 2010 in Washington , D.C. ) was a Polish resistance fighter and journalist .
Aasmah Mir ( born 7 October 1971 ; pronounced like `` azma mere '' ) is a Scottish television and radio broadcaster and journalist in the United Kingdom .
Purnima Rau , ( born 30 January 1967 in Secunderabad , Andhra Pradesh ) is an Indian ex - cricketer .
Tanja Miletić Oručević ( born 6 February 1970 ) is a Bosnian theatre director , academic lecturer , and translator .
Anas Khalid Al Saleh ( born 1972 ) is a Kuwaiti politician who has been serving as Deputy Prime Minister since January 2015 , minister of finance since January 2014 .
María del Mar Fernández ( Cádiz , 1 October 1978 ) is a Spanish flamenco singer best known for her rendering of the song `` Señorita '' from the 2011 hindi film Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara .
Jim Kramer ( born 1958 ) won the 2006 United States Scrabble Open in Phoenix , Arizona .
Henry Conybeare ( 22 February 1823 -- 23 January 1892 ) was an English civil engineer and Gothic revival architect who designed two notable churches and greatly improved the supply of drinking water to Mumbai .
Nancy McKinstry ( born 4 January 1959 in Connecticut , USA , now living in the Netherlands ) is CEO and Chairman of the Executive Board of Wolters Kluwer since September 1 , 2003 , and Member of the Executive Board since June 1 , 2001 .
Jimmy Savo ( 1895 -- September 5 , 1960 ) was an American Vaudeville , Broadway , nightclub , film and television performer , comedian , juggler , and mime artist .
Charlene Spretnak ( born 1946 ) is an American author , known for her writings on ecology , politics , art , and spirituality .
Anh Tuan Dinh - Xuan , was born in 1958 in Sai Gon ( Ho Chi Minh City ) , Vietnam .
Deng Weizhi ( born 1938 ) is a Standing Committee Member of the 9th CPPCC National Committee .
Chang Baohua ( simplified Chinese : 常宝华 ; traditional Chinese : 常寶華 ; pinyin : Cháng BǎoHuá ) ( born 1930 , Tianjin ) is a retired crosstalk ( Xiangsheng ) comedian of Manchu ethnicity .
Bernard Pertuiset , MD ( 1920 - 2000 ) was a French neurosurgeon , born in Paris on 28 October 1920 .
Patricia Fili - Krushel ( born 1953 ) is an American businesswoman and media executive .
Diana Whitney ( born 1948 ) is an American author , award - winning consultant and educator whose writings -- 15 books and dozens of chapters and articles -- have advanced the positive principles and practices of appreciative inquiry and social constructionist theory worldwide .
Bamidele Olatunbosun Sosimi , known as Dele Sosimi , is a Nigerian - British musician ( born 22 February 1963 , London ) .
Sehrou Guirassy ( born 12 March 1996 ) is a French footballer who currently plays in Ligue 2 for AJ Auxerre , on loan from Lille OSC .
Joko Pinurbo , born in Pelabuhan Ratu , Sukabumi , West Java 11 May 1962 , is an Indonesian poet .
Erdem Özgenç ( born 22 August 1984 ) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a right back for Turkish club Bursaspor in the Süper Lig .
Sir John Winthrop Hackett Senior KCMG ( 4 February 1848 -- 19 February 1916 ) was a proprietor and editor of several newspapers in Western Australia , a politician and a University chancellor .
Dirk Berg - Schlosser ( born 10 December 1943 in Ruhlsdorf ) is professor emeritus of political science at University of Marburg in Germany .
Daniela Denby - Ashe ( born 9 August 1978 ) is an English actress , best known for playing the character Sarah Hills in the soap opera EastEnders , Margaret Hale in the period drama North and South and Janey Harper in the sitcom My Family .
Anja Crevar ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ања Цревар ; born 24 May 2000 ) is a Serbian swimmer , member of Dinamo Pančevo swimming club .
Johann Urb ( born 24 January 1977 ) is an Estonian - born American actor and former model .
Sophia Morrison ( 24 May 1859 -- 14 January 1917 ) was a Manx cultural activist , folklore collector and author .
Clécio Nascimento Santos ( 31 May 1988 -- ) commonly known as Clécio , is a Brazilian footballer .
Jane Stanhope , Countess of Harrington ( née Fleming ; 23 May 1755 -- 3 February 1824 ) , was a society hostess and heiress who served as a lady of the Bedchamber to the British queen Charlotte of Mecklenburg - Strelitz .
Chief Tony Ene Asuquo ( b. 1966 - d. August 22 , 2006 near Calabar , Cross River State ) was a leader of the Bakassi Movement for Self - Determination , which seeks for the independence of Bakassi .
Nathan Hannay ( born 5 October 1984 ) is an English rugby union player from Halifax , West Yorkshire who currently plays for RFU Championship side , Yorkshire Carnegie .
Stuart Brace ( born 21 September 1942 ) is a former professional footballer who scored 155 goals from 423 games in the Football League .
Alexander Pantages ( 1867 -- February 17 , 1936 ) was a Greek American vaudeville and early motion picture producer and impresario who created a large and powerful circuit of theatres across the western United States and Canada .
André Neveu ( French : ( nəvø ) ; born 28 August 1946 in Paris ) is a French physicist working on string theory and quantum field theory who coinvented the Neveu - Schwarz algebra and the Gross - Neveu model .
Harold Cressy ( 1 February 1889 -- 23 August 1916 ) was a South African headteacher and activist .
Faramarz Khodnegah ( Persian : فرامرز خودنگاه‎‎ ) ( born 1965 ) is an Iranian former Strongman and Powerlifter .
Alesia Turava ( Belarusian : Алеся Турава ; born 6 December 1979 ) is a Belarusian middle distance runner .
Alice Rebecca Appenzeller ( 9 November 1885 -- 20 February 1950 ) was the first American and first Caucasian born in Korea .
David Kudler ( born in 1962 ) is an American editor and author .
Medgyesi László ( Budapest , 1892 ) known in Paris and America as Ladislas Medgyes , was a Hungarian artist .
Christine Talbot ( born 15 September 1969 ) is a British television journalist and presenter currently working for ITV Yorkshire as a main presenter for its flagship news programme ITV News Calendar .
Ernest Hackett ( born 1908 , date of death unknown ) was a footballer who played in the Football League for Coventry City and Newport County .
Henri Jacquet ( born 1888 , year of death unknown ) was a Swiss fencer .
Živadin Jovanović ( Serbian : Живадин Јовановић ) ( born 14 November 1938 , Oparić , Municipality of Rekovac , Serbia , Yugoslavia ) , is a Serbian diplomat and politician , who served as the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia between 1998 and 2000 .
Marie Marguerite Monvoisin or Montvoisin , ( born c. 1658 , date of death unknown ) , was the daughter of La Voisin and a main witness in the famous Poison Affair .
Breandán de Gallaí , a.k.a . Brendan de Gallaí or Brendan Galway ( born 10 June 1969 ) , is a former professional Irish dancer who is most famous for his lead role in Riverdance and as a TV personality on TG4 .
Shen Shaomin ( 沈少民 , born 1956 , Heilongjiang Province , China ) is an artist based in Sydney , and Beijing .
Constantin Bejenaru ( born 7 June 1984 ) is a Moldovan - born Romanian professional boxer living and fighting out of Catskill , New York , United States .
Jeff Brooks ( born 1982 ) , an American professional wrestler best known under the ring name J - Dawg .
Elle Dible ( born 17th December 1983 ) is an English television presenter who recently presented Pop the Q on TMF and Quiznation TV .
Claude Hermann Walter Johns ( 20 February 1857 -- 1920 ) was an Assyriologist and Church of England clergyman .
Beki Adam ( born 25 June 1966 ) , is a researcher , Sussex farm and campsite owner .
Ting - Xing Ye ( born 1952 ) is a Chinese- Canadian author of young adult novels , as well as Leaf In A Bitter Wind , a best - selling autobiographical account of her life in Maoist China .
Sir Harbottle Grimston , 2nd Baronet ( 27 January 1603 -- 2 January 1685 ) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1640 and 1685 and was Speaker in 1660 .
Tremper Longman , III ( born 8 September 1952 ) is an Old Testament scholar , theologian , professor and author of several books , including 2009 ECPA Christian Book Award winner Dictionary of the Old Testament :
William John Lane ( born August 1849 ) was an Irish nationalist politician .
Vazgen Safaryants ( born 22 October 1984 in Ordzhonikidze ) is a Belarusian amateur boxer of Armenian origin best known for placing third at the 2006 European Amateur Boxing Championships .
Walter Sutcliffe ( born 1976 ) is a British opera and theatre director .
Kirsty Hinchcliffe ( born 27 July 1979 ) is an Australian - born actress and personal trainer based in Los Angeles , United States .
Laxmi Narayan Mishra ( 1903 - 1987 ) was born in the village of Basti , district Maunath Bhanjan , previously known as Azamgarh .
Concepción Silva Belinzon was an Uruguayan writer , she was born in Montevideo in 1903 and died on November 2 , 1987 .
Ümit Kayıhan ( born 28 February 1954 ) is a Turkish former professional footballer , and later a manager .
Ashley Little ( born 1983 ) is a Canadian author of children 's and adult literature .
Siegfried Adolf Kummer ( born 1899 , died unknown ) was a German mystic and Germanic revivalist .
Keren Cytter ( born 22 August 1977 ) is an Israeli visual artist and writer .
Faruk Statovci ( born 29 November 1979 ) is a Kosovar Bosnian footballer playing for KF Kosova Vushtrri .
Annie Kenney ( 13 September 1879 -- 9 July 1953 ) was an English working class suffragette who became a leading figure in the Women 's Social and Political Union .
Bradley Parker ( born 23 June 1970 ) was an English first - class cricketer , who played for Yorkshire County Cricket Club between 1992 and 1998 .
Beth Rogers ( born 1957 ) is Head of the Marketing and Sales academic community at the University of Portsmouth Business School .
Douglas Boulivar ( 1947 in Staten Island , NY , 1947 -- October 1 , 2009 , New York City ) dancer , dance teacher and choreographer .
Mehmet Cavit Bey , Mehmed Cavid Bey or Mehmed Djavid Bey ( 1875 - -1926 ) was an Ottoman Sabbatean economist , newspaper editor and leading politician during the last period of the Ottoman Empire .
Kattis Ahlström ( Katarina Sofie Ahlström ) , born 9 June 1966 in Göteborg , is a Swedish journalist and TV presenter .
Kris Radlinski MBE ( born 9 April 1976 in Wigan , England ) is a retired English rugby league player of the 1990s and 2000s .
Neil Middleditch ( born 7 January 1957 in Wimborne , Dorset ) is a former speedway rider and the team manager of the Poole Pirates .
Dioscoride Lanza ( born 24 April 1898 ) was an Italian racing driver .
Ray Hill ( born 1939 ) was a leading figure in the British far right who went on to become a well - known informant .
Luigi Ricci - Stolz ( 1852 -- February 10 , 1906 ) was an Italian musician and composer .
Christopher Bacon , more commonly known as Chris Bacon , ( born 8 October 1969 ) is a retired professional British cruiserweight boxer and judoka born in Tasmania , Australia and residing in Manchester .
Franck Madou ( born 15 September 1987 , in Marcory ) is a Côte d'Ivoire - French football player who currently plays for Le Mont in Switzerland .
Tom Newton Dunn ( born 16 December 1973 ) is a British journalist who is the political editor of The Sun newspaper .
Gordon Noel Humphreys ( 1883 - -1966 ) was a British born surveyor , pilot , botanist , explorer and doctor .
Avedis Kendir ( born 1959 , Istanbul , Turkey ) is a well - known Armenian jeweler .
Olena Shurkhno ( Ukrainian : Олена Шурхно , née Samko - Самко ; born 8 January 1978 ) is a Ukrainian long - distance runner who specialises in the marathon .
Antoine Gakeme ( born 24 December 1991 ) is a Burundian middle - distance runner who competes mainly in the 800 metres .
Laurent Rioux ( born c. 1943 ) is a Canadian former racing driver from Montreal who made three NASCAR Winston Cup ( now Sprint Cup ) starts in 1983 and 1984 .
Greig Fraser , A.S.C. , A.C.S. ( born 3 October 1975 ) , is an Australian cinematographer .
Jamal Alioui ( Arabic : جمال عليوي‎ , born 2 June 1982 ) is a French - born Moroccan footballer .
Nicolas de Vernulz ( later Latinized Nicolaus Vernulaeus ) was born at Robelmont , near Virton in the Duchy of Luxembourg , on 10 April 1583 .
Tom Eldridge ( 22 September 1923 -- 18 January 2006 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Caroline Sturdy Colls ( born 1980 ) is a lecturer in forensic investigation at Staffordshire University specializing in identification of human remains , forensic archaeology and crime scene investigation .
Roman Ablakimov ( born 28 August 1987 ) is a Kyrgyzstani footballer who is a Midfielder for Sunkar and the Kyrgyzstan national football team .
Hervé Paillet ( born 1968 ) is a French actor and painter born with atrophied legs .
Leonardo Ortolani ( born 14 January 1967 ) , better known as Leo , is an Italian comics author , creator of the popular comic book series Rat - Man and Venerdì 12 .
Gert - Johan Coetzee ( born 18 November 1987 ) , is a South African fashion designer .
Hubert Baumgartner ( born 25 February 1955 ) is an Austrian former football player and manager .
Beau Robinson ( born 15 August 1986 , Alice Springs , Northern Territory ) is an Australian rugby union player currently contracted to the QLD Reds .
Peter Schidlof OBE ( 9 July 1922 -- 16 August 1987 ) was an Austrian - British violist and co - founder of the Amadeus Quartet .
Tan Yee Khan ( simplified Chinese : 陈贻权 ; traditional Chinese : 陳貽權 ; pinyin : Chén Yíquán ; born 24 September 1940 ) is a former Malaysian badminton player who represented his country in badminton events around the world during the 1960s .
Alphons Maximilian Pfyffer von Altishofen ( also known as Max Alphons Pfyffer ; 12 October 1834 Altishofen - January 12 , 1890 , Lucerne ) was a Swiss architect , hotelier and military Chief of Staff .
Akil Mark Koci was born in 1936 in Prizren , Kingdom of Yugoslavia ( in today 's Kosovo ) .
Sharon Carpenter ( born 2 March 1982 ) is a British broadcast journalist , television host , and producer .
Asi Buzaglo ( born 3 December 1982 ) is a second generation Israeli footballer .
Huang Hu ( 1973 in Wuchuan , Guangdong , China -- January 3 , 2003 in Zhanjiang , Guangdong , China ) was a Chinese murderer who put rat poison in the salt of a kindergarten on November 24 , 2002 poisoning at least 70 children and murdering 2 or more of them .
Joseph Bradley Farrer , known as Joe Farrer ( born 1962 ) , is a physical therapist who is the owner of Farrer Physical Therapy in Jacksonville in Pulaski County , Arkansas , and a Republican member of the Arkansas House of Representatives .
Gabrielle Bou Rached , ( born 13 December 1985 in Jezzine ) is a Lebanese model and actress .
Antonio Correa Cotto ( 1926 -- 1952 ) , also known simply as Correa Cotto , was the first outlaw to gain legendary status in Puerto Rico .
Doru Isac ( born 14 July 1962 in Craiova ) is a Romanian football manager , best known for promoting young players including Khalfan Ibrahim .
Frances Rivera ( born 1970 ) is a Filipino - American journalist and television news anchor .
Robert MacAndrew ( born 22 March 1802 in Wandsworth , London , died 22 May 1873 in Isleworth , Middlesex ) was a British merchant and ship - owner , marine dredger , Fellow of the Royal Society , naturalist and collector of shells .
Kathleen O'Neal Gear ( born 1954 ) is an American writer .
Ezra Nahmad ( born 1945 ) is a Lebanon - born fine art collector and dealer , and a billionaire with a net worth of US$ 1.5billion .
Pirro Gonzaga ( 1490 - 22 January 1529 ) was an Italian nobleman and condottiero .
Randle Chowning ( born 1950 , in Mountain View , Missouri ) is a singer - songwriter best known as the founder of the Ozark Mountain Daredevils .
Marie Armande de La Trémoille ( Marie Armande Victoire ; 1677 -- 5 March 1717 ) was a French noblewoman and princesse de Turenne by marriage .
Rob Dowsing ( born 3 September 1947 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Wade Forrester ( born 23 March 1976 ) is a former Australian rugby league footballer .
Hannah Yakin ( born as Hannah van Hulst ; 3 March 1933 in Amsterdam ) is an Israeli artist .
Nitin Saxena ( Hindi : नितिन सक्सेना ) ( born 3 May 1981 ) is an Indian scientist , active in the fields of mathematics and theoretical computer science .
Christian Welzel ( born 1964 ) is a German political scientist at the Leuphana University Lueneburg and Director of Research at the World Values Survey Association .
Abu Nasr Khusrau Firuz ( Persian : ابونصر خسرو فیروز‎ , died 1058 or 1059 ) , better known by his laqab of Al - Malik al - Rahim ( Arabic : الملک الرحیم‎ , `` the merciful king '' ) was the last Buyid amir of Iraq ( October 1048 -- 1055 ) .
Theresa J. Kaijage , MSW , MPH , PhD ( born 1947 ) is a well - known social worker who advocates for those infected with HIV / AIDS in Tanzania .
Hana Wirth - Nesher ( born 2 March 1948 ) is an Israeli literary scholar and university professor .
Steven Degnan ( born 2 April 1992 , Dumfries ) is a professional association footballer signed for St Cuthbert Wanderers F.C.
Lev Susany ( born 19 November 1988 ) is a former Australian powerlifter who competed in the International Powerlifting Federation ( IPF ) .
Nellie Casman ( 1896 - -1984 ) was an actress and singer in Yiddish theater .
Frank Desprez ( 9 February 1853 -- 25 November 1916 ) was an English playwright , essayist , and poet .
Peter Prosper ( born 7 November 1969 ) is a Trinidadian footballer who played at both professional and international levels as a striker .
Anastasia Dobromyslova - Martin ( Russian : Анастаси́я Петро́вна Добромы́слова ) ( born 26 September 1984 ) is a professional darts player currently ranked World No4 by the WDF .
Daniel Le Clerc ( or Daniel Leclerc ) ( 1652 - 1728 ) was a medical writer of the late 17th and early 18th centuries .
Donald Yetter Gardner ( 20 August 1913 , Portland , Pennsylvania -- 15 September 2004 ) wrote the classic Christmas song `` All I Want For Christmas Is My Two Front Teeth . ''
Urso Chappell ( Urso Stephen Allen Chappell , Korean : 울소 차펠 , Chinese : 厄尔索‧查普尔 , Japanese : ウロソ・チャペル or ウルソ・チャペル , Arabic : اورسو تشابيل ) is an American graphic designer , writer , and world 's fair historian born 4 March 1967 .
Leah Golberstein ( born 1953 ) is a paper , fiber , and installation artist residing in Minneapolis , Minnesota .
Rakesh Vijay ( 22 March 1970 ) , professionally known as R. Vijay , is a Rajasthani miniaturist best known for his collaborative work with American artist Waswo X. Waswo .
Caitlin Carver ( born 1992 ) is an American actress and dancer .
Ivan Rosenqvist ( 17 May 1916 -- 8 October 1994 ) was an Austrian - born Norwegian geologist .
Jim Bob ( born James Neil Morrison on 22 November 1960 ) is a British musician and author , best known as the singer of indie punk band Carter USM .
Radim Kořínek ( born 1 December 1973 ) is a former competitive bicyclist .
Kjersti Alveberg , born 26 July 1948 , is a Norwegian choreographer and dancer .
Ross D. Wyllie ( born 1948 ) is an Australian pop music singer and television presenter and producer from the 1960s and 1970s .
Jaime Murray ( born 21 July 1976 ) is an English actress , known for playing Stacie Monroe in the BBC series Hustle and Lila West in the Showtime series Dexter .
Eric Gaskins ( born 1958 ) is a New York based fashion designer known for his craftsmanship and technique .
Richard Robarts ( born 22 September 1944 in Bicknacre , Essex ) is a British former racing driver from England .
Tamer Nafar ( Arabic : تامر النفار‎ , Hebrew : תאמר נאפר‎ ; born June 6 , 1979 ) , is an Arab - Israeli rap artist .
Khánh Ly ( born as Nguyễn Lệ Mai ( Mai Nguyen ) on 6 March 1945 ) is a Vietnamese singer .
Winis Imbi ( born 26 April 1979 in Papua New Guinea ) is an Australian rules footballer .
Omari Caro ( born 7 March 1991 in Hammersmith ) is an English born Jamaican professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for Bradford Bulls in the Championship and at international level for Jamaica .
John Russell , 1st Earl Russell KG GCMG PC ( 18 August 1792 -- 28 May 1878 ) , known as Lord John Russell before 1861 , was a leading Whig and Liberal politician who served as Prime Minister on two occasions during the mid-19th century .
Francis Salvador ( 1747 -- August 1 , 1776 ) was a young English plantation owner in the colony of South Carolina from the Sephardic Jewish community of London ; in 1774 he was the first Jew to be elected to public office in the colonies when chosen for the Provincial Congress .
Frae Wilson ( born 9 February 1989 ) is a rugby union footballer who plays as a halfback for Wellington in the ITM Cup .
Stephen L. Buchwald ( born 1955 ) is an American chemist and Camille Dreyfus Professor of Chemistry at MIT .
Michael Maule ( born 31 October 1921 ) is an American ballet dancer and instructor , now retired .
Brigadier General Charles Bulkeley Bulkeley - Johnson ( 1867 --1917 ) was a British and Egyptian Army officer who served in the Mahdist War and the First World War , in which he was killed .
Abdelatif Chemlal ( Arabic : عبداللطيف شملال‎ ) ( born 11 January 1982 in Khouribga ) is a Moroccan long - distance runner who specializes in the 3000 metre steeplechase .
Sadegh Najafi - Khazarlou ( Persian : صادق نجفی , born 2 December 1960 ) is an Iranian politician and the fifty - fifth mayor of Tabriz .
Percival Goodhouse ( c. 1752 - August 2 , 1774 ) was one of the first patients admitted to the Public Hospital for Persons of Insane and Disordered Minds in Williamsburg , Virginia , after its opening on October 12 , 1773 .
Dailenys Alcántara Pacheco ( born 10 August 1991 ) is a Cuban track and field athlete who competes in the triple jump and occasionally the long jump .
Eric Brodie ( born 8 November 1940 in Rattray ) is a Scottish former footballer who played as a wing half .
Ísak Harðarson is an Icelandic poet born in 1956 .
Rinaldo Veri ( born 22 April 1952 ) is an Italian naval officer .
Benjamin Hayes , or Benjamin Ignatius Hayes , ( 1815 - -77 ) was an American pioneer who was the first judge of the district court that served Los Angeles , San Diego and San Bernardino counties in California .
Ilya Ushakov ( Belarusian : Iлля Ушакоў ; Russian : Илья Ушаков ; born 10 May 1991 ) is a Belarusian footballer .
Roman Libbertz , born 1977 in Munich , is a poet , writer and painter .
Everard de Ros ( born 1144 ) was the lord of Hamlake .
Dillon Smit ( born 11 December 1992 in Bethal , South Africa ) is a South African rugby union player , currently playing provincial rugby with the Golden Lions .
Ivan Tomko Mrnavić ( 1579 - -1637 ) was a Venetian Catholic bishop and author of historical works .
Michele Merlo ( born 7 August 1984 ) is an Italian professional racing cyclist , who last rode for the UCI Professional Continental team Vini Fantini - Selle Italia .
Leon Jay Williams ( Chinese : 立威廉 ; pinyin : Li Wei Lian , born 30 July 1976 ) is Eurasian Singaporean singer and actor who frequently lives and works in Taiwan and mainland China .
Major - General James Walter Sandilands CB CMG DSO ( 1874 - -1959 ) was Commander of British Troops in South China .
Dallas West ( born 1941 , Rockford , Illinois ) is an American pool player and was inducted into the Billiards Congress of America Hall of Fame in 1996 .
Zalman Aran ( Hebrew : זלמן ארן‎ , 1 March 1899 -- 6 September 1970 ) was a Zionist activist , educator and Israeli politician .
Matteo Fedele ( born 20 July 1992 ) is a Swiss footballer who currently plays as a central midfielder for Serie A club Carpi on loan from FC Sion .
Simone Leigh ( born 1968 ) is an American artist born to Jamaican parents .
Asaf Bimro ( Hebrew : אסף בימרו‎ , born 1 January 1969 ) is a retired Israeli long - distance runner who specialized in the marathon .
Lt . Gen. Mohamed Lamari ( 7 June 1939 -- 13 February 2012 ) ( Arabic : محمد العماري‎ ) was Chief of Staff of the Algerian army during most of the Algerian Civil War .
Jenny Williams ( born 1939 ) is an author and academic at Dublin City University .
Kenneth Lantz ( born 1949 ) is a Swedish Christian democratic politician , member of the Riksdag 1991 - 1994 and again 1998 - -2006 .
Reuf Bajrović ( 13 July 1977 ) is a Bosnian politician who currently serves as Minister of Energy , Mining and Industry of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Amzi Chapin ( 1768 - -19 February 1835 ) was an American cabinetmaker , singing - school teacher , shapenote proponent and composer .
De - Wet Nagel ( born 15 June 1985 ) is a South African actor , musician and composer .
Marcus To ( born 20 October 1983 ) is a Canadian comic book artist who currently works for DC Comics as the monthly artist for Batwing .
Mayandi Bharathi ( 1917 -- 2015 ) was an Indian journalist and revolutionary who participated in the independence movement .
Baba Roshan Jurangpathy ( born 25 June 1967 ) is a Sri Lankan former Test cricketer .
Amin Golestan ( Born as Amin Golestan Parast , 5 June 1988 in Dubai , UAE ) is a New York based DJ , record label owner , and music producer .
Fander Falconí Benitez ( born 1962 ) , is an Ecuadorian economist and politician .
Alfred Hernando Hueso ( Valencia 1957 ) , known as Fredi , is a retired Valencian pilota professional player working now as a pilota businessman .
Gilman Louie ( born 1960 ) is a technology venture capitalist who got his start as a video game designer and then ran the CIA venture capital fund In - Q - Tel . He graduated in 1983 from San Francisco State University .
Tim Whitsett ( born 1943 ) is an American music publisher , musician , songwriter , producer , author , and consultant .
Germaine Paulson ( born Friday 15 February 1985 in Beaudesert , Queensland ) is a professional Australian rugby league footballer , playing for the South Sydney Rabbitohs in the 2006 and 2008 NRL seasons as a utility Back .
Sucheta Kadethankar ( Marathi : सुचेता कडेठाणकर ) ( born 31 December 1977 ) is an Indian information technology developer from Pune .
Joan Wolf ( born 1951 in Bronx , New York ) is an American writer of romance novels .
Anastasiya Juravleva ( also spelled Zhuravlyeva , née Kirbyateva , born 9 October 1981 ) is a Uzbekistani triple jumper and long jumper .
Fredrik Petersen ( born 27 August 1983 ) is a Swedish handballer , who played for Danish Handball League side GOG Svendborg , before moving to AG Copenhagen in the Summer 2012 .
Timo Alakotila is a Finnish composer , arranger , and musician born July 15 , 1959 .
Ludwig Pietsch ( 25 December 1824 -- 27 November 1911 ) was a German painter , art critic and feature writer and a friend of Theodor Fontane .
Søren Pape Poulsen ( born 31 December 1971 ) is a Danish politician and leader of the Danish Conservative Party .
Janette Bouman ( born 17 June 1964 in Veendam , Netherlands ) is a Dutch - born Kazakhstani dressage rider .
Paolo Butigella ( 1475 -- October 9 , 1531 ) was the Master of the Order of Preachers from 1530 to 1531 .
Sinta Wullur ( born 16 November 1958 ) is an Indonesian - Dutch gamelan musician and composer .
Willem Cornelis Theodorus Friso de Zeeuw ( born 11 January 1952 , Rotterdam ) is a Dutch jurist , professor and politician .
Manuel Curado ( born 1967 ) is a Portuguese essayist and philosopher dedicated to Biomedical Ethics , Philosophy of Mind , and the History of Ideas .
Royden Loewen ( born 26 October 1954 in Steinbach , Manitoba , Canada ) is a Canadian History Professor and Chair in Mennonite Studies at the University of Winnipeg .
Dervis Konuralp ( born 1980 ) is a British Paralympic swimmer who has represented Great Britain at four Paralympic Games , three World Championships and four European Championships .
Baciro Candé ( born 18 March 1948 in Catio ) is a Guinea - Bissauan professional football player and manager .
Tara Donovan ( born 1969 in New York ) is an American artist who lives and works in Brooklyn , New York .
Nir Kabaretti ( born 5 February 1968 ) is an Israeli orchestra conductor .
Elly Idris ( born 4 November 1962 ) is a former Indonesian international footballer who is currently the coach of Indonesian Super League side Persita Tangerang .
Glenn Ashby ( born 1 September 1977 ) is an Australian sailor from Strathfieldsaye a suburb of Bendigo , Victoria .
Betty Chung ( born 1947 ) is a former Hong Kong recording artist popular during the 1960s and 1970s .
Isaak Markovich Khalatnikov ( Russian : Исаак Маркович Халатников ; born 17 October 1919 ) is a Soviet - born physicist , well known for his role in developing the BKL conjecture in general relativity .
Steve Canaday ( born 1967 , Lansing , Michigan , USA ) is an American artist based in Los Angeles .
Gashaw Asfaw Melese ( Amharic : ጋሻው አስፋው ; born 26 September 1978 ) is an Ethiopian long - distance runner .
Mathurin Moreau ( 18 November 1822 -- 14 February 1912 ) was a French sculptor in the academic style .
Panayiotis Kalorkoti ( born 11 April 1957 , Cyprus ) is a contemporary British artist .
Alexander Smyth ( 1765 -- April 17 , 1830 ) was an American lawyer , soldier , and politician from Virginia .
Brian James Roche ( born 2 October 1987 ) is an Irish actor , writer and musician from Limerick , Ireland .
Julie Fagerholt ( born 17 April 1968 ) is a Danish fashion designer and founder of the luxury clothing brand Heartmade .
Audrey Jones ( born 1934 ) was a Liberal Democrat politician in the United Kingdom .
Tseveensürengiin Ganbayar ( Mongolian : Цэвээнсүрэнгийн Ганбаяр ; born 2 June 1991 ) is a Mongolian international footballer .
Páll Guðlaugsson ( born 9 September 1958 ) is an Icelandic former footballer and current football coach .
Paolo Pasko ( born Paolo Pascolat , 31 October 1969 ) also known as Pasko , is an Italian singer - songwriter and musician .
Gudrun Bojesen ( born 1976 ) is a Danish ballet dancer .
Julius Achon ( born 12 December 1976 ) is a Ugandan retired middle distance runner who specialised in the 800 metres and 1500 metres .
Shelim Hussain , MBE ( born 20 February 1973 ) is a Bangladeshi - born British entrepreneur , and founder , Chairman and Managing Director of Euro Foods ( UK ) .
Camilla Lindberg ( born 1973 ) was a Swedish Liberal People 's Party politician ( 2006 - -10 ) .
Janet Chance ( 10 February 1886 -- 18 December 1953 ) was a British feminist writer , sex education advocate and birth control and abortion law reformer .
Peter Cundall , AM ( born 1 April 1927 ) is a horticulturalist , conservationist , author , broadcaster and television personality in Australia .
Ole Bornedal ( born 26 May 1959 ) is a Danish film director , actor and producer .
Mona Knox ( 1929 - -2008 ) was an American model and film actress .
Sir Arnold Theiler ( 26 March 1867 -- 24 July 1936 ) Pour le Mérite is considered to be the father of veterinary science in South Africa .
Silvija Mrakovčić , née Babić ( born 12 December 1968 ) is a retired Croatian long jumper and triple jumper .
Darius White ( born 1992 ) is a wide receiver .
Dionísio Mendes de Sousa ( born 9 October 1940 ) was a professor / teacher , politician , president of the Azorean Regional Assembly and Portuguese writer of the Azores .
Yujiro Kawamata ( born 1952 ) is a Japanese mathematician working in algebraic geometry .
Ove Pedersen ( born 30 August 1954 ) is a Danish football manager and a former player , who is the current manager of Hobro IK .
Mohammed Mzali ( Arabic : محمد مزالي‎ , 23 December 1925 -- 23 June 2010 ) was a Tunisian politician .
Colin Duriez ( born 19 July 1947 ) is a writer on fantasy and related matters .
John Claymond ( 1468 - -1537 ) was the first President of Corpus Christi College , Oxford .
Mohammad Shahzaib Hasan Khan ( Urdu : محمد شاہ زیب حسن خان‎ ) , ( born 25 December 1989 ) is a Pakistani cricketer .
Rexhe Bytyçi ( Serbo - Croat : Redže Bitiči ) ( born 5 May 1987 ) is an Albanian footballer who plays for Union St. Florian .
Harold Robson ( 1897 -- unknown ) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Stoke City .
Victor Ndoma - Egba ( born 8 March 1956 ) is a Nigerian politician who has been a member of the national senate for Cross River State since 2003 .
Rick Witter ( born Richard James Witter , 23 November 1972 , Stockport , Cheshire ) is a singer , songwriter and frontman of the York - based Britpop band Shed Seven .
Jasmin Muharemović ( born 22 February 1965 ) is a popular Bosnian pop - folk singer .
Jin Shijia ( Chinese : 金世佳 ; pinyin : Jīn Shìjiā ; born 10 November 1986 ) , also known as Kingscar Jin , is a Chinese actor and swimmer .
Gulbrand Alhaug ( born July 2 , 1942 ) is a Norwegian onomastician and linguistics professor emeritus at the University of Tromsø .
Viju Shah ( full name Vijay Kalyanji Shah , born 5 June 1959 ) is a music director of Hindi cinema .
David Neilson ( born 13 March 1949 ) is an English actor best known for portraying Roy Cropper in the British ITV soap opera Coronation Street from 1995 onwards .
Magnus Wallin ( born 1965 in Kåseberga , Löderup ) is a Swedish video artist , working with 3D animation .
K.P. Bhaskar ( 1925 -- April 17 , 2013 ) was an Indian classical dance instructor and maestro .
Anton Kannemeyer ( born 30 October 1967 in Cape Town ) is a South African comics artist , who sometimes goes by the pseudonym Joe Dog .
Marcus Stock ( born 27 August 1961 ) is a bishop of the Catholic Church .
Michel Brusseaux ( 19 March 1913 -- March 1986 ) was a professional French association footballer .
Francisco Diece de Oliveira Pereira ( born 17 June 1986 ) , simply known as Diece , is a Brazilian futsal player who plays for Intelli as a winger .
Hanns Lippmann ( 1890 - -1929 ) was a German film producer of the silent era .
Andy Sheppard ( born 20 January 1957 ) is a British jazz saxophonist and composer .
Damien Lacey ( born 3 August 1977 ) is a former Welsh footballer who played in the Football League for Swansea City and now Coaches Corneli United Diviosion 1
Annibale Fontana ( 1540 - -1587 ) was an Italian sculptor , medallist and crystal - worker .
Chang Tao - fan ( simplified Chinese : 张道藩 ; traditional Chinese : 張道藩 ; pinyin : Zhāng Dàofān ; 12 July 1897 - 12 June 1968 ) was a prominent figure and long - time central member of Kuomindang .
Mark Applegarth ( 10 December 1984 ) is a professional rugby league footballer , playing at club level for Stanley Rangers , Wakefield Trinity ( Heitage # 1221 ) , York ( twice ) , Central Queensland Comets and Batley , as a prop , second - row , or loose forward / lock .
Edward Blount , 2nd Baron Mountjoy ( 1464 - -12 October 1475 ) was an English peer .
Ken Ilsø Larsen ( born 2 December 1986 ) is a Danish professional footballer , who is currently playing for Singaporean football club Home United in Singapore 's top tier of football , S.League .
Keit Pentus - Rosimannus ( born 3 March 1976 ) is an Estonian politician , vice - chairwoman of the biggest parliament party Reform Party and former chairwoman of its parliamentary faction .
Adnan Zildžović ( born 28 October 1969 ) is a former Bosnian footballer and currently the manager of Bylis Ballsh .
Nguyễn Chấn , known as Trần Văn Trà ( 1918 -- April 20 , 1996 ) was a Vietnamese general .
Thiago Ribeiro Cardoso ( born 24 February 1986 ) , commonly known as Thiago Ribeiro , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Atlético Mineiro on loan from Santos mainly as a second striker .
Carrie Tiffany ( born 1965 ) is an English - born Australian novelist and former park ranger .
Markus Grössinger ( born 1 August 1989 ) is an Austrian footballer who is currently a free agent .
Žarko Bulajić ( 22 July 1922 in Vilusi , Nikšić , Montenegro -- 1 January 2009 ) was the President of the Executive Council of the Socialist Republic of Montenegro from 7 October 1969 to 6 May 1974 .
Jostein Gripsrud ( born 1952 ) is a Norwegian media scholar , and is Professor in Media Studies at the University of Bergen .
General Charles Richard Fox ( 6 November 1796 -- 13 April 1873 ) was a British army general , and later a politician .
Dashrath Patel ( 1927 - December 1 , 2010 ) was Indian designer , sculptor , who was the founder secretary of the National Institute of Design ( NID ) , Ahmedabad , from 1961 to 1981 .
Young - Chang Cho ( born 1958 in Seoul ) is a Korean classical cellist teaching at the Folkwang University of the Arts in Germany 's Ruhr Area .
Ricardo M. Urbina ( born 1946 ) is a former United States District Judge for the United States District Court for the District of Columbia .
Martin Jellinghaus ( born 26 October 1944 ) is a retired West German former athlete who competed mainly in the 400 metres .
Prince Ofori Yartey ( born 6 October 1988 ) is a Ghanaian Beninese football central defender who recently played for MFK Karviná .
Götz Otto ( born 15 October 1967 ) is a German film and television actor who is perhaps best known internationally for his roles as Henchman Richard Stamper in the 1997 James Bond film Tomorrow Never Dies , and as Nazi commander Klaus Adler in the 2012 comic science fiction film Iron Sky .
Anna Williamson ( born 1981 ) is a British television presenter , best known as the co - presenter of children 's programmes Toonattik and Action Stations ! between 2005 and 2010 , shows she hosted alongside Jamie Rickers on CITV .
Muluemebet Girma ( born c. 1984 ) in Ethiopia , was the third person ( and second woman ) charged under the Terrorism Act 2000 over the 21 July 2005 London bombings , along with her sister Yeshshiembet Girma .
Mick Manning ( born 1959 ) is a British artist and creator of children 's books .
Peter Xavier Price ( born 1985 in Epsom , Surrey ) is a British artist , illustrator and academic historian .
Silvia Sommaggio ( born 20 November 1969 ) is a retired Italian long - distance runner who specializes in the 5000 and 10,000 metres as well as cross - country and road running .
Mauricio Oliva Herrera ( born 8 March 1951 in Tegucigalpa ) is a Honduran surgeon and politician .
Matthew Thornton ( 1714 -- June 24 , 1803 ) , was a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence as a representative of New Hampshire .
Michael Georgiou ( born 18 January 1988 ) is an English professional snooker player of Greek Cypriot descent from Forest Hill .
Atto of Vercelli or Atto II ( 885 - 961 ) was a Lombard who became bishop of Vercelli in 924 .
Pan Fu ( Chinese : 潘復 ; pinyin : Pān Fù ) ( 22 November 1883 -- 1936 ) was a Chinese politician and premier of the Republic of China from 1927 to 1928 during the Beiyang government .
Adam Glogauer ( aka Adam Unknown , born 1970 ) was born in Costa Mesa , California and is best known as the singer - songwriter of Cute Phase .
Fatimah Tuggar ( born 1967 ) is a Nigerian visual artist and now based in the United States .
Nigel Botterill ( born January 1966 ) is a British entrepreneur , marketer , author , speaker and business mentor .
Anzhela Kravchenko ( Ukrainian : Анжела Кравченко , born 25 January 1971 ) is a retired Ukrainian sprinter .
Alexander Meduna ( born 1957 in Olomouc , Czech Republic ) is a theoretical computer scientist and expert on compiler design , formal languages and automata .
Gaurav Keerthi ( born 2 April 1979 , in India ) is an officer in the Republic of Singapore Air Force ( RSAF ) who is also a television personality and author in Singapore and is the founder of dialectic.sg , an online commenting platform based in Singapore .
Jure Šterk ( 6 January 1937 -- January 2009 ) was a Slovenian long - distance sailor and author , who went missing during a sailing trip around the world .
Alfredo Morabia ( born 2 November 1952 ) is a Swiss American doctor , epidemiologist , and historian .
Rudolf Otto Neumann ( 29 June 1868 , Seifhennersdorf - April 5 , 1952 , Hamburg ) was a German hygienist .
Leslie Blackett Wilson ( born 1930 ) was chair of Computing Science at the University of Stirling , appointed on August , 1979 .
Professor Bronwyn Harch ( born Bronwyn Christensen in 1969 ) is an Australian environmental statistician who brings digital technology and mathematical sciences to sectors like agriculture , environment , health , manufacturing and energy .
Sandro Nielsen ( born 1961 ) is a Danish metalexicographer , Associate Professor at Centre for Lexicography at the Aarhus School of Business , Denmark , from where he received his PhD in 1992 .
Nathan Tutt ( born 23 January 1980 ) is a former professional rugby league footballer who played for the Sydney Roosters , St. George Illawarra Dragons and Manly Warringah Sea Eagles .
Biko Agozino ( born 27 July 1961 ) is a Nigerian criminologist best known for his 1997 book Black Women and the Criminal Justice System .
Ana Bailão born August 10 , 1976 is a Canadian politician who was elected to Toronto City Council in the 2010 city council election to succeed Adam Giambrone in Ward 18 on October 25 , 2010 .
Frank Fletcher Hamilton ( 3 April 1921 -- 1 February 2008 ) was a Progressive Conservative member of the House of Commons through 4 separate successful elections ( 1972 - -1984 ) .
Francis Robert Japp ( 8 February 1848 -- 1 August 1925 ) was a British chemist who discovered the Japp - Klingemann reaction in 1887 .
György Udvardy ( born 14 May 1960 ) is a Hungarian prelate , who has been Bishop of Pécs since 2011 .
Nello Pazzafini ( 15 May 1933 -- 27 November 1997 ) was an Italian actor who appeared in a very large number of Peplum movies , Spaghetti Westerns and Poliziotteschi .
Anne Knight ( 2 November 1786 -- 4 November 1862 ) was a social reformer noted as a pioneer of feminism .
Barbara Milton , also known as Barbara Milton Watkins Strater ( 8 July 1898 -- 20 July 1971 ) was an American theatre actress .
Haris Hajradinović ( born 18 February 1994 ) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a Winger for Norvegian club Haugesund on loan from Belgian club Gent .
Saša Drakulić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Саша Дракулић ; born 28 August 1972 in Vukovar ) is a retired Serbian footballer .
Ian Selley ( born 14 June 1974 ) is an English former professional footballer , and coach at Arsenal 's training camp in Dubai .
Larry Newton ( born Lawrence Newton 7 May 1920 -- 30 January 2005 , Pompano Beach , Florida ) was an American record company entrepreneur , first with several independent labels , then , as a sales manager at the 1955 startup of ABC - Paramount Records , ascending to president in 1965 .
Erhan Kavak ( born 16 December 1987 ) is a Turkish - Swiss football player , he currently plays for Kartalspor .
Jack Main ( 22 June 1876 -- 16 December 1945 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) and Sturt in the South Australian Football League ( SAFL ) .
Kostas Aidiniou ( Greek : Κώστας Αϊδινίου ; born 2 February 1948 in Thessaloniki ) is a former Greek international football player that played for Iraklis and Olympiacos as an attacking midfielder .
Terri Rogers , born Ivan Southgate ( 4 May 1937 -- 30 May 1999 ) was a transsexual English ventriloquist and magician .
Govert Schüller ( born 1959 ) is a Dutch - American author who writes about Jiddu Krishnamurti and theosophy .
Arthur Henry Knighton - Hammond ( 18 September 1875 -- 28 February 1970 ) was born in Arnold , Nottinghamshire as Arthur Henry Hammond .
Gökçek Vederson ( born Wederson Luiz da Silva Medeiros on 22 July 1981 ) , is a Brazilian - Turkish footballer who plays for Mersin .
Sylfest Lomheim ( born 11 March 1945 in Hafslo ) is a Norwegian philologist .
Ben Fordham ( born 29 November 1976 ) is an Australian journalist , sports reporter and radio presenter .
Hannah Stouffer ( born 1981 ) is an American artist , illustrator and art director living and working in Los Angeles , CA .
Hubert Buchberger ( born 1951 , in Frankfurt ) is a German violinist , conductor and music university teacher .
David Roe ( born 11 September 1965 ) is a former English professional snooker player , and a four - time ranking tournament quarter - finalist .
Andrea Nield ( born 1951 ) is an Australian architect who founded and was elected the first president of Emergency Architects Australia .
Carla Ferrari ( born 1996 ) is a young French chef and TV presenter .
Mirriam Mukape ( born 4 August 1986 ) , usually known as Mampi , is a Zambian R&B singer .
Zhao Yueyu ( simplified Chinese : 赵跃宇 ; traditional Chinese : 趙躍宇 ; pinyin : Zhào Yuèyǔ ; born September 1961 ) is a Chinese educator who served as President of Hunan University since September 2011 .
Melikshah Soyturk ( Turkish : Melikşah Soytürk ) ( born 18 November 1984 ) is a modern Turkish topographic painter .
Stewart Jump ( born 27 January 1952 ) is a former English footballer in the Football League for Crystal Palace , Fulham and Stoke City .
Joálisson Santos Oliveira ( born 31 March 1991 ) , commonly known as Joálisson or simply Jo is a Brazilian footballer , who plays for Moldovan club Sheriff Tiraspol in Moldovan National Division .
Edward Ledwich LL.D. F.S.A. ( 1738 -- 8 August 1823 ) was an Irish historian , antiquary and topographer .
William Waller Lewis ( 3 November 1860 -- 1 November 1915 ) , known on stage as Lewis Waller , was an English actor and theatre manager , well known on the London stage and in the English provinces .
Ayatollah Ata'ollah Ashrafi Esfahani ( Persian : آیت الله عطاءالله اشرفی اصفهانی‎‎ , 1902 - -1982 ) was an Iranian religious leader .
Sam Walls ( born 1940 ) is a former Republican primary candidate for the Texas state legislature for the 58th district , in the 2004 election .
Yuri Puntus ( Belarusian : Юры Іосіфавіч Пунтус ; Russian : Юрий Иосифович Пунтус ) ( born 8 October 1960 ) is a Soviet football player and a Belarusian football coach .
Donald K. David ( born 1896 ) was the third dean of the Harvard Business School , serving from 1942 to 1955 .
Swabri Mohammed ( born 1 May 1981 ) , better known by his stage name Redsan , is a Kenyan reggae and ragga musician .
Otto Luttrop ( born 1 March 1939 ) is a retired German football player and coach .
Jade Chow Wei Mun ( also spelled Jade Chow or Jade Wei Mun Chow ) ( born 1957 ) is a Malaysian physician , and an expert on skin and bone pathology .
Csaba Kesjár ( 9 February 1962 , Budapest -- 24 June 1988 at Norisring , Nuremberg ) was a Hungarian racing driver .
Zheng Zhi ( simplified Chinese : 郑智 ; traditional Chinese : 鄭智 ; pinyin : Zhèng Zhì , born 20 August 1980 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou Evergrande in the Chinese Super League .
Trygve Henrik Hoff ( 7 July 1938 -- 2 December 1987 ) , born in Rognan , Nordland , was a Norwegian singer , composer , songwriter , and writer .
Cary Boyce ( b. 29 October 1955 ) is artistic co - director and composer - in - residence of the production company and musical ensemble Aguavá New Music Studio , which specializes in producing projects involving contemporary music .
Gerhard Ludwig Müller ( born 31 December 1947 ) is a Catholic Cardinal and prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith since his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 2 July 2012 .
John W. McCarter , Jr. ( born 1938 ) is an American business executive and public educator , notable for his long tenure as president and CEO of the Field Museum in Chicago .
Antonio Rizzolo ( born 22 April 1969 ) is an Italian football manager and former professional player .
Giuseppe Nazzani ( born 27 June 1990 ) is an Italian American football ( soccer ) player .
M. Vijayakumar ( born 5 October 1950 ) is an Indian politician and advocate .
Renate von Natzmer ( 1898 - February 18 , 1935 ) was a German noblewoman who worked for the army during the Weimar Republic and Third Reich .
Krista Anri Susanna Huovinen ( born 10 June 1972 in Liminka ) is a Finnish politician of the Social Democratic Party and the Minister of Health and Social Services between 2013 and 2015 .
Peter Gruss ( born 28 June 1949 in Alsfeld , Hesse ) is a German developmental biologist , and the former president of the Max - Planck - Gesellschaft ( having been elected for the term from 2002 to 2008 and reelected for the current term 2008 - 2014 ) .
Vera Faddeeva ( Russian : Вера Николаевна Фаддеева Vera Nikolaevna Faddeeva ; 1906 - -1983 ) was a Russian mathematician from a family of mathematicians .
Isaac Newton Ragsdale ( 1859 - -1937 ) came to Atlanta in 1880 from Dallas , Georgia .
Sodiq Suraj ( born 8 January 1988 in Oshogbo ) is Nigerian football player who currently plays for Shooting Stars F.C ..
Shamsuddin Amiri ( Persian : شمس الدین امیری‎ ) ( born 12 February 1985 ) is an Afghan football player .
Saul Newman ( born 22 March 1972 ) is a British political theorist and central post - anarchist thinker .
Jeremy Peat , OBE ( born March 1945 ) is a member of the Competition Commission and the Director of the David Hume Institute .
Sahr James ( born 17 October 1987 ) is a swimmer from Sierra Leone , and swam the 50 m backstroke and 50 m breaststroke at the 2013 World Championships .
George Darko ( born 1951 in Akropong ) is a Ghanaian highlife musician , who introduced the Burger - highlife with his first hit `` Ako ti brofo '' ( Even Parrots speak English ) , which was very popular in the early 1980s .
Mazhar Majeed ( born 1975 ) is a British sporting agent and bookmaker who came under police investigation in 2010 following reports of cricket ' match fixing ' after a News of the World sting operation .
Neville Weston ( born 1936 ) is a figurative painter , academic and writer .
Parsaram Meghwal ( 12 December 1954 ) is an Indian politician and a former Member of Parliament for the constituency of Jalore in Rajasthan .
Sir Edwin Airey ( 1878 - -1955 ) was a British industrialist responsible for the Airey prefabricated houses constructed in the UK after the Second World War .
Arthur Cecil Blunt , better known as Arthur Cecil ( 1 June 1843 -- 16 April 1896 ) was an English actor , comedian , playwright and theatre manager .
Marijonas Mikutavičius ( born 19 April 1971 ) is a Lithuanian singer , musician and songwriter , a television journalist , a comedian and a talk show host from Vilnius .
James William Govett ( 1910 -- 11 July 1998 ) was an Australian impressionist who worked mostly in watercolor and oil , focusing on landscapes and portraits .
Tony Ballantyne ( born 1972 ) is a British science - fiction author known for his debut trilogy of novels , including Recursion , Capacity and Divergence .
Luc Krotwaar ( born 25 January 1968 in Bergen op Zoom , Noord - Brabant ) is a Dutch long - distance runner , who is nicknamed ' The White Kenyan ' .
Nikolaos Christogiannopoulos ( Greek : Νικόλαος Χριστογιαννόπουλος , 1916 -- 1991 ) was a Greek fencer .
Michael Ludeke ( born 1974 ) is an author and historian from Tasmania , Australia .
Rubén Óscar Valdez Ferrero ( born 25 June 1946 ) is a former Argentine - Spanish footballer striker .
Robbie the Pict , also known as Brian Robertson ( 1948- ) is a Scottish campaigner and former Scottish Parliamentary candidate for the Highlands and Islands .
Amine El Manaoui ( Arabic : أمين المناوي‎ ; born 20 November 1991 ) is a Moroccan middle - distance runner .
Alfred Hassler ( 1910 - -1991 ) was an anti - war author and activist , active during World War II and the Vietnam War .
John Edward Bromby ( 23 May 1809 -- 4 March 1889 ) was an Australian schoolmaster and Anglican cleric .
Fernando Filoni ( born 15 April 1946 ) is a Cardinal of the Catholic Church and current Prefect of the Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples in the Roman Curia since his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 10 May 2011 .
Shawn Hawk ( born 17 May 1984 in Sioux Falls , South Dakota , United States ) is a professional boxer who fights in the light heavyweight division having previously boxed at Cruiserweight .
Martina Jäschke ( born 6 May 1960 in Merseburg ) is a German diver and Olympic champion .
Enn Kokk ( born 19 June 1937 in Juminda , Kuusalu Parish , Harju County , Estonia ) is a Swedish Social Democratic politician , journalist and writer .
Orny Adams ( born Adam Jason Orenstein on 10 November 1970 ) is an American actor , comedy writer and stand - up comic .
Gavin Lee ( born 15 October 1971 ) is an English actor who starred as Bert on Broadway in the musical Mary Poppins .
Karl Norman ( born 30 May 1983 ) is an Australian rules football player , who formerly played in the Australian Football League .
Amado Cortez ( born Arsenio Ruiz Padilla , 1928 - -2003 ) was a Filipino actor and diplomat .
Gu Siyu ( Chinese : 谷思雨 ; born 11 February 1993 ) is a Chinese track and field athlete who competes in the discus throw and formerly the shot put .
Jacobo Ficher ( Russian : Яков ( Хакобо ) Фишер ; 15 January 1896 -- 9 September 1978 ) was an Argentine composer , violinist , conductor , and music educator of Russian birth .
Jérémy Grain ( born 21 October 1994 ) is a French professional footballer who currently plays as a striker for Fréjus Saint - Raphaël , on loan from Chamois Niortais .
Mina Cho ( born 1960 ) is a South Korean poet , critic , lecturer , and teacher .
Mansour Al - Thagafi ( Arabic : منصور الثقفي‎ ) ( born 14 January 1979 ) is a Saudi Arabian footballer .
Andre Stoop ( born 8 October 1960 ) was a Namibian rugby union and rugby league player .
Shashidhar Adapa ( born 1 September 1955 ) is an Indian production designer , set designer and puppet designer , known predominantly for his work in Kannada cinema .
Erol Bekir , formerly known as Erol Bekirovski , ( born 25 January 1974 ) is a Swedish - Macedonian football manager and former player of Turkish origin .
Geoff Blethyn ( born 28 October 1950 ) is a former leading Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) , Claremont in the Western Australian Football League ( WAFL ) and Port Adelaide in the South Australian Football League ( SANFL ) .
Stanley Baxter ( born 24 May 1926 ) is an award - winning Scottish actor and impressionist , known for his highly popular British television comedy shows The Stanley Baxter show , Baxter On ... , Time For Baxter , The Stanley Baxter Picture Show , The Stanley Baxter Series , Mr Majeika .
Akenhaton Carlos Edwards CM ( born 24 October 1978 ) , known as Carlos Edwards , is a Trinidadian professional footballer who plays for Millwall as a right - back .
Lynval Golding ( born 24 July 1951 , in Saint Catherine , Jamaica ) is a Jamaican born British musician .
Amin Bhatia ( born 10 July 1961 London , England ) is a recording artist , film , and television music score composer and producer .
Fatou Keïta ( born in 1965 ) is an Ivorian writer of children 's books and novels .
Meng Zhaojun ( born Peixan County , Jiangsu Province , 1941 ) is a Chinese calligrapher noted for his restoration of the Han Dynasty calligraphic tablet Wind Song of Emperor Liu Bang .
William Viali ( born 16 November 1974 ) is an Italian football manager and a former player .
Helen Fessas - Emmanouil ( 1943 , Volos ) is a Greek architect specializing in theatre architecture .
Peter Kendrew ( born 25 April 1940 ) is an English former competition swimmer who competed for Great Britain in the Olympics and European championships , and swam for England in the Commonwealth Games .
Major - General Sir Henry Frederick Cooke ( ' Kangkook ' ) CB , KCH ( 1784 - 1837 ) , was a British soldier .
Adrian Bevington ( born c. 1971 ) was Club England Managing Director at the Football Association ( the FA ) , a position he has held from 2010 to 2015 .
J. Richard Peet ( born 16 April 1940 in Southport , England ) is a professor of human geography at the Graduate School of Geography at Clark University in Worcester MA , USA .
Paul Lasenby ( born 1975 , Buckinghamshire ) , is an English former professional mountain biker .
Liz Mathis ( born Elizabeth Ann Rumann , 1958 ) is an American state legislator and nonprofit executive from Iowa , as well as a former news anchor , television producer , and college professor .
Ria Lina ( born 11 June 1980 ) is a British comedian , actress and writer , winner of the EMMA award in 2003 and known for her television appearances in The World Stands Up , Mega Mela Malai Comedy and Sweet n Sour on BBC3 .
Sean Longden ( born 1965 in Clapham , Bedfordshire , England ) is an author and historian who specialises in British social history during World War II , his work extensively uses oral history interviews and first person accounts .
Edmund Załęski ( 18 August 1863 in Lviv ( Lemberg ) , Austria - Hungary -- December 1932 in Kraków ) was a Polish chemist , agrotechnician , and plant breeder .
Charles Albert Crampton , M.D. ( 1858 - -1915 ) was an American chemist , born at Davenport , Iowa .
Michael Neumann ( born 1946 ) is a professor of philosophy at Trent University in Ontario , Canada .
Akiva Nof ( Hebrew : עקיבא נוף‎ , born 2 December 1936 ) is a former Israeli politician and song - writer , who served as a member of the Knesset for five parties between 1974 and 1984 .
Marilyn Bailey Ogilvie ( born 22 March 1936 ) is an American historian of science known especially for her work on the history of women in science .
Stephen Reay ( 29 March 1782 -- 20 January 1861 ) was a Scottish academic and clergyman , who was Laudian Professor of Arabic from 1840 until his death .
Admir Adrović ( Cyrillic : Адмир Адровић , born 8 May 1988 ) is a Montenegrin football Forward who plays for HK Pegasus .
Neville Beard ( born 19 November 1936 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Perth in the West Australian National Football League ( WANFL ) from 1956 to 1963 .
Paul Blackwell ( born 29 January 1954 ) is a well - known Australian stage actor and occasional film actor .
Gary Bradshaw ( born 30 December 1982 ) is an English footballer who plays for Hull United as a striker .
Émilien Morissette ( born 16 March 1927 at Mont - Joli , Quebec , fl . 1962 ) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons .
Martin Gay Black ( 19 November 1786 -- 26 October 1861 ) was the son of William Black , who was the founder of the Methodist congregation in Nova Scotia .
Pavel Prokopenko ( Russian : Павел Прокопенко ; born 24 September 1987 in Moscow ) is a Russian pole vaulter .
T. H. P. Chentharasseri ( Thiruvan Heera Prassad Chentharassi , born 29 July 1928 ) is one of the leading historians in Kerala .
Roma Pryma - Bohachevsky ( Ukrainian : Рома Прийма-Богачевська , translit . Roma Pryima - Bohachevs'ka ) ( 1927 -- May 23 , 2004 ) was a dancer and choreographer , who instructed thousands of students in the art of ballet and Ukrainian dance .
José Ignacio de Cavero y Cárdenas ( 29 June 1757 -- 17 August 1834 ) was a Mexican - Colombian lawyer and politician .
Timur Timerzyanov ( born 31 January 1987 ) is a Russian rallycross driver .
Béla Székely ( 17 July 1889 -- 10 January 1939 ) was a Hungarian politician , who served as Minister of Finance in 1919 ( until 24 June with Gyula Lengyel ) .
Alexandru Daniel Cristescu ( born 24 May 1987 ) is a Romanian footballer who played in Liga II for Bucovina Pojorâta .
Ravindra Singh Bisht was born on 2 January 1944 , to Lt . L. S. Bisht , in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
Colonel Thomas Westbrook ( 1675 - -1743/44 ) was a senior New England militia officer in Maine during Father Rale 's War .
Robert Coleman - Senghor ( 1940 -- April 9 , 2011 ) was an American professor of English at Sonoma State University who served as mayor of Cotati , California for one year .
Álvaro Pires de Évora , or Alvaro di Piero ( before 1411 -- after 1434 ) , was a Portuguese painter .
Rodrigo Rodriguez ( born 29 August 1978 ) is a Spanish shakuhachi player , musical producer , and composer .
Roshan Perera ( born 2 April 1976 ) is a Sri Lankan entrepreneur , business magnate , investor and philanthropist .
Leonora Linter ( born 11 September 1950 ) is an Estonian political activist and entrepreneur mainly associated with Estdirect Office OÜ , a mail order service established in 2005 .
Bronwyn Hill CBE ( born 1960 ) is a former British civil servant , who served as the Permanent Secretary of the Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs .
Stefanie Rabatsch ( née Isak ; born 28 December 1887 ) was an Austrian woman of the upper - middle class known for being the unrequited love subject of Adolf Hitler , the future leader of the Nazi Party and dictator of Nazi Germany , when he was a teenager .
Samuel Merrill III ( born 1939 ) is a mathematician and political scientist best known for his work on alternative voting systems , voter behavior , party competition , and arbitration .
Ezekiel Gillespie ( 1818 - March 31 , 1892 ) was an African - American civil rights and community leader who won a landmark case securing voting rights in Wisconsin .
Cliff Bowman ( born 1950 ) is the Professor of Strategic Management at the Cranfield School of Management at Cranfield University .
Anna Harkowska ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈanːa xarˈkɔfska ) ; born 20 March 1980 in Świnoujście ) is a Polish cyclist .
David John Dodds ( born in 1930 in Sunderland , County Durham , in North East England ) is a retired marathoner and jockey .
Babra Sharif ( born 10 December 1954 ) is a Pakistani film actress , most known for her roles in 1980s and mid-1970s .
Robert Bernardo was born in the Philippines to Rodolfo and Bituin Bernardo in 1968 .
Rebecca Night ( born Rebecca Hardwick ; 13 July 1985 ) is an English actress who starred in the title role of James Hawes 's BBC Four adaptation Fanny Hill .
Vittorio Zucconi ( Italian pronunciation : ( vitˈtɔːrjo dzukˈkoːni ) , born 16 August 1944 ) is an Italian journalist and author .
Roko Strika ( born 12 February 1994 ) is an Australian professional footballer who plays as a winger for NK Zagreb .
Surinder Gill ( born 20 January 1968 ) is an English former professional snooker player who competed on the main tour in the 1990s and early 2000s .
Bill Renick ( born 1954 ) is a former mayor of Ashland , Mississippi , and campaigned for Governor of Mississippi as a Democrat before withdrawing on April 23 , 2007 .
Frank Borzellieri ( born 1962 ) is an American author , teacher , political columnist , former elected member of a New York City school board and a former school principal .
Ram Upendra Das ( born 18 November 1967 ) is an Economist , author and Professor at Research and Information System for Developing Countries ( RIS ) which is a think tank in New Delhi .
Ron Mailer ( born 18 May 1932 ) is a Scottish former footballer , who played for Dunfermline Athletic and Darlington .
Axel Leonard Melander ( 3 June 1878 Chicago -- 8 Aug 1962 ) was an American entomologist specialising in Diptera and Hymenoptera .
Valtteri Bottas ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈʋɑltːeɾi ˈbotːɑs ) ; born 28 August 1989 ) is a Finnish racing driver currently competing in Formula One with Williams Martini Racing .
Joe Bageant ( 1946 - -2011 ) was an American author and columnist known for his 2007 book Deer Hunting With Jesus .
Jon Briggs ( born 24 January 1965 ) is an English TV and radio presenter .
Victor Edelstein ( born 10 July 1946 ) is a former couturier best known for his fashion designs for Diana , Princess of Wales , in the 1980s .
Virendra Jagtap ( Devanagari:वीरेंद्र जगताप ) ( Born 11 August 1963 ) is a current member of 13th Maharashtra Vidhan Sabha , representing the Dhamangaon Railway Constituency .
Adrian Rymel ( born 30 October 1975 in Štramberk , Czechoslovakia ) - a Czech speedway rider .
Adrian Gray ( born 28 February 1981 ) in Hastings , Sussex is an English darts player .
Steve Mantis ( born 1950 ) is a Canadian advocate for injured workers and people with disabilities .
Faed Arsène ( born 21 June 1985 ) is a Malagasy international footballer who last played in Belgium for Royal Mouscron - Péruwelz , as a striker .
Issi Rozen was born in Haifa , Israel on April 20 , 1967 and moved to Tel - Aviv during his childhood .
Menghesteab Tesfamariam ( born 24 December 1948 in Berakit ) is , as metropolitan archbishop of the Archeparchy of Asmara , the head of the Eritrean Catholic Church .
Alan Mangels ( born 29 July 1956 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Geelong in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
William Curley ( born 29 October 1971 ) is a Scottish luxury patissier and chocolatier based in London .
Paul A. Merriman ( born 18 October 1943 ) is a financial educator and advisor on mutual funds , index investing , asset allocation and both buy - and - hold and active management strategies .
Justine Clarke ( born November 1971 ) is an Australian actress , singer and television host .
Jeffrey van Hooydonk ( born 1 October 1977 ) is a Belgian racing car driver .
Arsen Julfalakyan ( Armenian : Արսեն Ջուլֆալակյան , born 8 May 1987 ) is an Armenian Greco - Roman wrestler .
Luis Valsoto ( b. 1939 ) is a Mexican artist strongly associated with the state of Jalisco , which has honored his work multiple times .
Rick Parry ( born 23 February 1955 ) is the former chief executive of Liverpool Football Club , and the former head of the FA Premier League .
Zeinab Badawi ( Arabic : زينب بدوي‎ ; born 24 November 1959 ) is a Sudanese - British television and radio journalist .
Johanna Clara Louise Lehzen ( 3 October 1784 -- 9 September 1870 ) , better known as Baroness Louise Lehzen , was the governess , and later adviser and companion to Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom .
Deezer D ( born 1965 ) , whose real name is Dearon Thompson , is an American actor , rapper and motivational speaker .
Federica Testa ( born 27 August 1993 ) is an Italian - born Slovak ice dancer .
Joanne Cuddihy ( born 11 May 1984 ) is an Irish sprint athlete , competing for the Kilkenny City Harriers .
Huang Chuncai ( Chinese : 黃春才 ) ( b. 29 December 1977 ) is a Chinese man who became notable for being `` China 's Elephant man '' .
Niklas Swanström , born 1970 , is a Swedish scholar .
Siobhan Brooks ( born 1972 ) is an African - American lesbian feminist sociologist known for her work with African - American women in the sex worker industry and feminist issues affecting these women .
Maria McBane ( born 8 February 1946 in Avignon , France ) is a French American model and actress who was Playboy magazine 's Playmate of the Month for its May 1965 issue .
Lars Broström ( 26 July 1931 -- 4 August 2013 ) was a Swedish footballer .
Lay Phyu ( Burmese : လေးဖြူ , pronounced : ( lé bjù ) ; born 19 May 1965 ) is a Burmese rock vocalist / guitarist .
Marek Brodzki ( born 25 December 1960 ) is a Polish film director and television director .
Dov Ber Abramowitz ( 1860 -- 1926 ) was an American Orthodox Rabbi and author .
Kenneth E. Killoren ( 1919 - 1988 ) was a former Jesuit priest who lived in Korea and the first president of Sogang University .
Harry Southall ( 24 January 1885 - 22 January 1952 ) was an English cricketer who played a single first - class match , for Worcestershire against Lancashire in 1907 .
Walter mac Thomas de Burca , aka Walter Bourke , 3rd Mac William Iochtar and lord of Lower ( North ) Connacht , died 1440 .
Seán Tubridy ( Irish : Seán Ó Tiobraide ; 1897 -- 15 July 1939 ) was an Irish politician and medical practitioner .
Frank Large ( 26 January 1940 -- 8 August 2003 ) was an English footballer who played for many different clubs between 1958 and 1974 ( he had three different spells at Northampton Town ) .
Per Nyström ( 21 November 1903 -- 3 October 1993 ) , Swedish historian , publicist , Social Democrat and governor of Gothenburg and Bohus County 1950 - 1971 .
Teodor Ilić Češljar ( Serbian Cyrillic : Теодор Илић Чешљар ) was born in 1746 in Čurug , Serbia and died on November 20 , 1793 at age 47 in Bačko Petrovo Selo ( now Serbia ) .
Gaston Delaplane ( 6 March 1882 -- 12 December 1977 ) was a French rower and cyclist .
Auguste Faguet ( 1841 - -1886 ) was a noted 19th - century French botanical illustrator , well known for his contributions to major botanical works .
Pathways into Darkness is a first - person adventure video game developed and published by Bungie Software Products Corporation in 1993 , exclusively for Apple Macintosh personal computers .
City Bomber is a vehicular combat arcade game developed and distributed by Konami and first released in 1987 .
Might and Magic Mobile II is a role - playing video game developed and released by Gameloft for Mobile phones ( Java ME platform ) .
Bookworm Adventures is a follow - up to the word - forming computer puzzle game Bookworm from PopCap Games .
Zend Technologies , co - founded by PHP core contributors Andi Gutmans and Zeev Suraski , is the corporate sponsor of Zend Framework .
Second Life is an online virtual world , developed by Linden Lab , based in San Francisco , and launched on June 23 , 2003 .
The Amazing Spider - Man vs. The Kingpin ( also known as Spider - Man Vs . the Kingpin or simply Spider - Man ) is a video game produced by Sega of America and developed by Technopop .
Skeet Shoot is a skeet shooting video game for the Atari 2600 and the first game released by Games by Apollo .
Music and sound effects on the original arcade version of `` Tapper '' were created by the game 's sound designer , Rick Hicaro , an electronic game developer at Marvin Glass & Associates ( MG&A ) who also happened to be a musician .
Bandai released Hyper Lode Runner for Game Boy in February 1990 .
The Venus of Montmartre ( German : Die Venus vom Montmartre or Die Venus von Montmartre ) is a 1925 German silent drama film directed by Frederic Zelnik and starring Lya Mara , Hans Albers , Jack Trevor and Olga Tschechowa .
Malarvaadi Arts Club is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by Vineeth Sreenivasan in his directorial debut , and produced by Dileep .
Mysterious Shadows ( German : Geheimnisvolle Tiefe ) is a 1949 Austrian drama film directed by Georg Wilhelm Pabst .
Garter Colt ( Italian : ' ' Giarrettiera Colt '' ) is a 1968 Italian spaghetti western directed by Gian Andrea Rocco .
Rowthiram ( English : Fury , from Sanskrit Raudra , etymologically from Rudra ) is a 2011 Indian Tamil - language action film written and directed by newcomer Gokul .
Smile Before Death ( Italian : Il sorriso della iena ) is a 1972 Italian giallo film written and directed by Silvio Amadio .
Gandhi , My Father is a 2007 Indian biographical drama film by Feroz Abbas Khan ( not to be confused with actor Feroz Khan ) .
Bhoopathi Ranga ( Kannada : ಭೂಪತಿ ರಂಗ ) is a 1970 Indian Kannada language drama film written and directed by Geethapriya .
Teecha Baap Tyacha Baap ( Marathi : तिचा बाप त्याचा बाप ) is a Marathi film directed by Atul Kale , and starring Abhishek Sethiya , Mrinmayee Godbole in the lead roles .
Los Pagares de Mendieta is a b&w 1939 Argentine comedy film directed by Leopoldo Torres Ríos .
The Unbearable Lightness of Inspector Fan ( Chinese : 暴走神探 ) , also known as Shanghai Noir , is a 2015 comedy action romance suspense film directed by Clara Law .
Armi elää ! is a 2015 Finnish drama film directed by Jörn Donner .
Dream Lovers is a 1986 Hong Kong romantic fantasy film directed by Tony Au .
The Bright Day ( Persian : روز روشن‎‎ ) is a 2013 social drama Iranian film , directed by Hossein Shahabi ( Persian : حسین شهابی ) It is his debut feature film which was very well received by Iranian film critics and audiences of the 31st Fajr Film Festival of Tehran in February 2013 .
Tarnished is a 1950 American action film directed by Harry Keller and written by John K. Butler .
The Great Waldo Pepper is a 1975 drama film directed , produced , and co - written by George Roy Hill .
Sunday Calm is a 1923 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan .
Edge of Fury is a 1958 American drama film directed by Robert J. Gurney Jr. and Irving Lerner and written by Robert J. Gurney Jr ..
The Great Dome Robbery is a 2002 crime drama film directed by Gabriel Range , based on the actual Millennium Dome raid of 2000 .
Un uomo ritorna ( also known as Revenge ) is a 1946 Italian drama film directed by Max Neufeld .
Unidentified Flying Oddball ( also known as The Spaceman and King Arthur and A Spaceman in King Arthur 's Court ) is a 1979 film adaptation of Mark Twain 's A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur 's Court , directed by Russ Mayberry and produced by Walt Disney Productions .
Who Killed Santa Claus ? ( L'Assassinat du père Noël ) is a 1941 French drama film by Christian - Jaque .
Dil Deke Dekho , a 1959 Indian Hindi romantic comedy film , was Nasir Hussain 's second film as director .
Surf Crazy was the second surf movie by Bruce Brown .
Kandireega ( English : Wasp ) is a Telugu romantic - action - comedy film directed by Santosh Srinivas and produced by Bellamkonda Suresh under Sri Sai Ganesh Productions and released on 12 August 2011 .
Amor salvaje ( Wild Love ) is a Mexican drama film directed by Juan Orol .
Boy and Bicycle is the first film made by Ridley Scott .
Goodbye , 20th Century ! ( Macedonian : Збогум на дваесеттиот век ! ; Zbogum na dvaesettiot vek ! ) is a 1998 Macedonian film directed by Darko Mitrevski and Aleksandar Popovski .
Just Another Missing Kid is a 1981 documentary film about the search for a missing teenager and directed by John Zaritsky .
Early Abstractions is a collection of seven short animated films created by Harry Everett Smith between 1939 and 1956 .
The Road Movie trilogy is a series of three road movies directed by German film director Wim Wenders in the mid-1970s .
Chaduvukunna Ammayilu ( Telugu : చదువుకున్న అమ్మాయిలు ) is a 1963 Telugu film produced by Dukkipati Madhusudhana Rao from Annapurna Pictures and directed by Adurthi Subba Rao .
Stations of the Elevated is a 1981 documentary film by Manfred Kirchheimer about graffiti in New York City .
Mereka Bilang , Saya Monyet ! ( released internationally as They Say I 'm a Monkey ! ) is a 2008 Indonesian film directed by Djenar Maesa Ayu .
Vilapangalkkappuram ( Malayalam : വിലാപങ്ങള്‍ക്കപ്പുറം ; English : Beyond the Wail ) is a Malayalam film scripted and directed by T. V. Chandran in 2008 .
Lone Star Ranger is a 1942 American Western film directed by James Tinling and written by William Conselman Jr. , Irving Cummings Jr. and George Kane .
Rod Rocket was originally produced by True Line , a small Los Angeles animation studio that subcontracted the newly formed Filmation Associates created by Lou Scheimer and Hal Sutherland in the early 1960s .
Locker 13 is a 2009 thriller film directed by Bruce Dellis , George Huang , Jason Marsden , Matthew Mebane , Adam Montierth , Donovan Montierth , and Rick Schroder .
Hercules Against the Barbarians ( Italian : Maciste nell'inferno di Gengis Khan ) is a 1964 Italian peplum film directed by Domenico Paolella .
Velundu Vinaiyillai ( Tamil : வேலுண்டு வினையில்லை ) is a 1987 Indian Tamil film , directed by K. Shankar and produced by S. Valliammai .
The Home of Dark Butterflies ( Finnish : Tummien perhosten koti ) is a 2008 Finnish film directed by Dome Karukoski and starring Niilo Syväoja , Tommi Korpela , Kristiina Halttu and Kati Outinen .
O Mimi San is a 1914 American short silent drama film directed by Charles Miller , featuring Tsuru Aoki in the title role and Sessue Hayakawa , Kisaburo Kurihara , Chick Morrison and George Osborne in pivotal roles .
Tarkeeb is a 1984 Hindi - language Indian feature film directed by Ravikant Nagaich .
Swimfan , also known as Fanatica , is a 2002 American teen psychological thriller film directed by John Polson and written by Charles Bohl and Phillip Schneider .
Is Raat Ki Subah Nahin ( English : No End to This Night ) is a 1996 Indian Hindi thriller film directed by Sudhir Mishra .
Anthony Kaun Hai ? ( Who is Anthony ? ) is a Bollywood mystery film directed by Raj Kaushal and produced by Nikhil Panchamiya .
Unmarried Daughters ( German : Ledige Töchter ) is a 1926 German silent film directed by Carl Boese and starring Jenny Jugo , Charlotte Ander and Ida Wüst .
The Soul 's Cycle is a six - reels , 1916 , drama - genre film , directed by Ulysses Davis .
American Perfekt is a 1997 road movie / thriller / drama film written and directed by Paul Chart , produced by Irvin Kershner .
Mansome is a 2012 documentary film directed by Morgan Spurlock , and executive produced by actors / comedians Will Arnett and Jason Bateman , and Electus founder Ben Silverman .
Spur in die Nacht is an East German film , directed by Günter Reisch .
For Freedom is a 1940 British drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and Castleton Knight .
Season of Monsters ( Hungarian : Szörnyek évadja ) is a 1987 Hungarian drama film written by Gyula Hernádi and directed by Miklós Jancsó .
Caprichosa y millonaria ( English : Capricious and millionaire ) is a 1940 Argentine musical film , directed and written by Enrique Santos Discépolo .
I Do n't Understand You Anymore ( Italian : Non ti conosco più amore ) is a 1980 Italian comedy film directed by Sergio Corbucci .
The Red Meadows ( Danish : De røde enge ) is a 1945 Danish war drama directed by Bodil Ipsen and Lau Lauritzen Jr. based on resistance fighter Ole Valdemar Juul 's 1945 novel of the same name .
The Last Eve is a 2005 action film directed by Young Man Kang , a Korean - born filmmaker who made his U.S. directing debut Cupid 's Mistake ( 2001 ) .
The First Circus is an 1921 American short silent animated film , produced and directed by Tony Sarg and Herbert M. Dawley , featuring a pair of prehistoric circus performers balancing upon a brontosaurus .
My Pal Wolf is a 1944 American drama film directed by Alfred L. Werker from a screenplay by Lillie Hayward , Leonard Praskins , and John Paxton , based on the story by Frederick Hazlitt Brennan .
Ibbara Naduve Muddina Aata ( Kannada : ಇಬ್ಬರ ನಡುವೆ ಮುದ್ದಿನ ಆಟ ) is a 1996 Indian Kannada comedy drama film directed by Relangi Narasimha Rao and produced by T. M. Venkataswamy .
Hoomale ( Kannada : ಹೂಮಳೆ , English : The Shower of Flowers ) is a 1998 Indian Kannada language feature film directed by Nagathihalli Chandrashekhar and written by Ramesh Aravind .
Jubilo , Jr. is a 1924 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan .
The Delhi Way is a 1964 documentary about Delhi produced , written , photographed and directed by James Ivory .
The Horror of It All is a 1963 horror comedy film directed by Terence Fisher .
Sankeertana is a 1987 Telugu - language classical film produced by M. Gangaiah on Konark Movie Creations banner , directed by Geetha Krishna .
Going Wild is a 1930 Warner Brothers Pre - Code comedy film , based on the 1910 play The Aviator by James Montgomery , and directed by William A. Seiter .
Kristin 's Christmas Past ( previously entitled Last Chance Holiday ) is an American comedy film directed by Jim Fall and written by Rachel Stuhler .
Aaj Ki Awaaz ( Hindi : आज की आवाज़ , Urdu : آج کی آواز‎ ; English : Voice of the day ) is a 1984 Bollywood film produced by B. R. Chopra and directed by Ravi Chopra .
In the Bathtub of the World is a video diary directed by Caveh Zahedi .
Nate and the Colonel is a 2003 western film that was written , directed and edited by filmmaker Paul Winters .
Inspector Vargas ( Italian : L'ispettore Vargas , Spanish : El inspector Vargas ) is a 1940 Italian - Spanish comedy film directed by Gianni Franciolini and Félix Aguilera and starring Giulio Donadio , Olga Solbelli and Mariella Lotti .
This Rebel Breed is a 1960 American melodrama film directed by Richard L. Bare and William Rowland starring Rita Moreno , Gerald Mohr , Eugenio Martin , Dyan Cannon , and Richard Rust .
It Can Be Done Amigo ( Italian : Si può fare ... amigo ) is a 1972 Spanish / Italian / French film directed by Maurizio Lucidi .
Venussian Tabutasco Is a 2004 experimental film produced , written and directed by Daryush Shokof .
La Voltige ( also known as Horse Trick Riders ) is an 1895 French short black - and - white silent documentary film directed and produced by Louis Lumière .
Gudgudee ( Hindi : गुदगुदी , Urdu : گُدگُدی‎ , English : Tickle ) is an Indian film directed by Basu Chatterjee and was released in 1997 .
Los fanfarrones is a 1960 Mexican western comedy film directed by Rogelio A. González , and starring Miguel Aceves Mejía , Flor Silvestre , Julio Aldama , Mauricio Garcés , Irma Dorantes , Verónica Loyo , and Joaquín García Vargas .
Friend Request Pending is a 2011 short comedy drama film written and produced by Chris Croucher and directed by Chris Foggin .
The Arch ( Chinese : 董夫人 ; pinyin : Dǒng fūrén ) is a 1968 Hong Kong drama film directed by Tang Shu Shuen .
Love the Coopers ( titled Christmas with the Coopers in the UK and Ireland ) is a 2015 American Christmas comedy film directed by Jessie Nelson , and written by Steven Rogers .
The Nostradamus Kid is a 1992 Australian feature film written and directed by Bob Ellis .
The Night Hunter is a 1996 horror film directed by Rick Jacobson featuring a struggle between vampires and humans .
Dukhai ( Bengali : দুখাই ) is a Bangladeshi film written and directed by Morshedul Islam .
Remember Me , My Love ( Ricordati di me ) is a 2003 Italian movie directed by Gabriele Muccino .
Paradise in Service ( Chinese : Jun Zhong Le Yuan ) is 2014 Taiwanese drama film directed by Doze Niu .
Sath Samudura ( Sinhalese language , `` Seven Seas '' ) is a landmark Sri Lankan film directed by professor Siri Gunasinghe and released in 1967 .
A Little Help is a 2010 American comedy - drama film written and directed by Michael J. Weithorn .
Dark Heaven ( Thai : สวรรค์มืด or Sawan mued ) is a 1958 musical - comedy - romance - drama film directed by Rattana Pestonji and written by Suwat Woradilok .
Mean Girls 2 is a 2011 American teen comedy television film directed by Melanie Mayron .
Girl in Gold Boots is a 1968 crime / drama film about the seedy underworld of Go - Go dancing , directed by Ted V. Mikels , who also directed The Astro - Zombies .
Excellensen ( English : Excellency ) is a 1944 Swedish drama film directed by Hasse Ekman .
6:3 Play It Again Tutti ( Hungarian : 6:3 avagy , Játszd újra Tutti ) is a 1999 Hungarian comedy film directed by Péter Tímár set against Hungary 's historic 1953 football victory against England .
Liquid Sky was produced and directed by Slava Tsukerman , who , prior to making Liquid Sky , had a successful career as a documentary and TV film maker in the USSR and Israel .
Golconda High School ( Telugu : గోల్కొండ హై స్కూల్ ) is a 2011 Indian Telugu sports drama written and directed by Mohan Krishna Indraganti under the Artbeat Capital banner , which earlier produced the hit film Ashta Chamma ( film ) .
The Straight Way was a 1916 American silent drama film written and directed by Will S. Davis .
Perfect Dark director Martin Hollis explained that he and designer David Doak `` picked a range of locations we thought would be impressive and architectural , on the model of GoldenEye but sci - fi dystopias ( ... )
Such Is the Law is a 1930 British film directed by Sinclair Hill .
Le Chaos ( also known as English : This Is Chaos , Arabic : هي فوضى‎ Heya Fawda ) is the final film from the Egyptian director Youssef Chahine .
The Idol of the North is a lost 1921 American silent drama film directed by Roy William Neill and written by Frank S. Beresford , Tom McNamara and J. Clarkson Miller .
Vanishing Waves ( originally titled Aurora ) is a 2012 film directed by Kristina Buožytė .
Roosevelt in Africa is a film by Cherry Kearton , released in 1910 .
Broken Hearts of Broadway is a 1923 silent film drama produced and directed by Irving Cummings and starring Colleen Moore .
A Nanny for Christmas is a 2010 comedy film , directed by Michael Feifer with a screenplay by Michael Ciminera and Richard Gnolfo .
Yelling to the Sky is a 2011 American drama film written and directed by Victoria Mahoney .
Thavapudhalavan ( Tamil : தவப்புதல்வன் ) is a 1972 Indian Tamil film , directed by Muktha Srinivasan and produced by V. Ramasami .
3096 ( 3096 Tage ) is a 2013 German drama film directed by Sherry Hormann .
Peddarikam is a 1992 Telugu film directed and produced by A. M. Rathnam under Sri Surya Movies .
Adiós Abuelo ( English language : Goodbye Alexandra , Andrea ) is a 1973 Argentine drama film directed by Carlos Rinaldi and written by Norberto Aroldi .
Snuff - Movie is a 2005 gothic horror film by British director Bernard Rose .
Student Tour is a 1934 American musical film directed by Charles Reisner and written by Ralph Spence and Philip Dunne .
Sprawa pilota Maresza is a Polish film directed by Leonard Buczkowski released in 1956 .
The Spell of the Poppy is a 1915 short drama film directed by Tod Browning .
Thieves on Strike ( German : Der Streik der Diebe ) is a 1921 German silent film directed by Alfred Abel .
Patrick Still Lives ( Italian : Patrick vive ancora , also known as Patrick Is Still Alive ) is a 1980 Italian horror film directed by Mario Landi , at his last film .
Manasaare ( Kannada : ಮನಸಾರೆ ) is a 2009 Indian Kannada romance psychological film directed by Yogaraj Bhat .
Thanking the Audience ( French : Vue de remerciements au Public ) was a 1900 French short silent film directed by Georges Méliès .
Dyuba - Dyuba ( Russian : Дюба-Дюба ) is a 1992 Russian drama film directed by Aleksandr Khvan .
Perfect Mismatch ( formerly known as It 's a Mismatch ) is a Bollywood film directed by Ajmal Zaheer Ahmad .
Post Master ( Kannada : ಪೋಸ್ಟ್ ಮಾಸ್ಟರ್ ) is a 1964 Indian Kannada film , directed by G. V. Iyer and produced by G. V. Iyer .
Piantadino is a 1950 Argentine Spanish language comedy film directed by Francisco Múgica .
First Lesson ( Bulgarian : Първи урок , translit . Parvi urok ) is a 1960 Bulgarian drama film directed by Rangel Vulchanov .
The Failure is a 1917 British silent crime film directed by Henry Edwards and starring Edwards , Chrissie White and Lionelle Howard .
Malta Story is a 1953 British war film , directed by Brian Desmond Hurst , which is based on the heroic air defence of Malta during the Siege of Malta in the Second World War .
Will Any Gentleman ... ? is a 1953 British comedy film directed by Michael Anderson and starring George Cole , Veronica Hurst , Jon Pertwee and William Hartnell .
Shocking Dark ( also known as Terminator II , Alienators and Contaminator ) is a 1989 Italian science fiction film written by Claudio Fragasso and directed by Bruno Mattei .
Not My Kid is a 1985 television film directed by Michael Tuchner , which was based on a 1984 book of the same name by Beth Polson ( who also served as the film 's executive producer ) and Miller Newton .
Her Night of Romance is a 1924 silent film written by Hanns Kräly , and directed by Sidney Franklin .
Song of the Thin Man is a 1947 comedy - crime film directed by Edward Buzzell , the last of the six Thin Man films .
Martha , Meet Frank , Daniel and Laurence ( released in the United States as The Very Thought of You ) is a 1998 British romantic comedy directed by Nick Hamm .
Kurenai no tsubasa ( 紅の翼 , lit . `` Crimson Wings '' ) is a 1958 black and white Japanese film directed by Kō Nakahira .
Seven Swordsmen is a 2006 television series directed by Clarence Fok and produced by Tsui Hark .
Stella 's Favor , originally Mi fai un favore , is a 1996 Italian comedy film directed by Giancarlo Scarchilli .
The Story of a Murder ( German : Chronik eines Mordes ) is an East German drama film directed by Joachim Hasler .
Dirty Gertie from Harlem U.S.A. is a 1946 race film directed by Spencer Williams and produced and distributed by Sack Amusement Enterprises .
Madrid Carnival ( Spanish : Verbena ) is a 1941 Spanish semi - documentary drama film directed by Edgar Neville .
The Lion 's Claws is a 1918 American adventure film serial directed by Harry Harvey and Jacques Jaccard .
Skoplje ' 63 is a 1964 Yugoslavian documentary film directed by Veljko Bulajić about the 1963 Skopje earthquake ( Skoplje , per film title , is the Serbo - Croatian spelling of Skopje ) .
This May Be the Last Time is a 2014 American documentary film produced and directed by Sterlin Harjo .
Barok u Hrvatskoj ( Baroque in Croatia ) is a 1942 documentary short directed by Oktavijan Miletić about the life of Janko Drašković .
Raja Natwarlal is a 2014 Indian Hindi crime drama film directed by Kunal Deshmukh and produced by Siddharth Roy Kapur under UTV Motion Pictures .
Pink Dream ( Chinese : 粉红色的梦/粉紅色的夢 ; pinyin : Fěn hóng sè de mèng ) is a 1932 Chinese silent film and an early film by director Cai Chusheng .
Mrs. Dane 's Confession ( German : Frau Dorothys Bekenntnis ) is a 1921 Austrian drama film directed by Michael Curtiz .
Bangarada Jinke is a 1980 Indian Kannada - language film directed by T. S. Nagabharana and produced by B. S. Somasundar and T. S. Narasimhan under the banner Kavitha Komal Productions .
Fröken Chic ( English : Miss Chic ) is a 1959 Swedish comedy film , directed by Hasse Ekman .
Rendezvous with Annie is a 1946 comedy film directed by Allan Dwan and written by and Mary Loos and Richard Sale .
Orphan of the Wilderness is a 1936 Australian feature film from director Ken G. Hall about the adventures of a boxing kangaroo .
My Dictator ( Hangul : 나의 독재자 ; RR : Naui Dogjaeja ) is a 2014 South Korean film directed and co - written by Lee Hae - jun , starring Sol Kyung - gu and Park Hae - il .
The Dependables ( previously known as Pride of Lions ) is a 2014 straight - to - DVD family action film directed by Sidney J. Furie .
Three for Happiness ( aka Three 's Happiness ) ( Croatian : ' ' Za sreću je potrebno troje '' ) is a 1985 Croatian romantic drama film directed by Rajko Grlić .
Coteau Rouge is a 2011 French - Canadian ( Quebec ) film written and directed by André Forcier and produced by Les Films du Paria .
Krazana ( Georgian : კრაზანა ) is a 1928 Georgian black - and - white silent film directed by Kote Marjanishvili .
El desencanto ( English : The Disenchantment ) is a 1976 Spanish documentary film written and directed by Jaime Chávarri about the family of famous poetry writer Leopoldo Panero .
The Catechism Cataclysm is a 2011 independent , psychotronic dark comedy film directed by Todd Rohal .
Mr. Proudfoot Shows a Light is a 1941 British World War II public information / propaganda short film , directed by Herbert Mason and featuring cameos from a number of well - known actors of the day .
The Vanity Serum ( Italian : Il siero della vanità ) is a 2004 Italian giallo film directed by Alex Infascelli .
Looking for Grace is a 2015 Australian drama film directed by Sue Brooks .
Mungaru Male ( Kannada : ಮುಂಗಾರು ಮಳೆ , translation : Pre - monsoon Showers ) is a 2006 Indian Kannada musical romance film co - written and directed by Yogaraj Bhat , and produced by E. Krishnappa .
Campus Confidential is a television comedy film starring Christy Carlson Romano and Keri Lynn Pratt , and directed by Melanie Mayron .
In a 2007 interview with GameTrailers , God of War creator and game director David Jaffe explained his original intention for the series , which is different from the actual ending of God of War III , which was based on game director Stig Asmussen 's vision .
I kantonnement is a 1932 Danish silent comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen Sr ..
Daughter of the Nile ( Ni luo he nyu er ) ( I kori tou Neilou ) is a 1987 film by Taiwanese filmmaker Hou Hsiao - Hsien .
The Soul of Youth is a 1920 American silent film directed by William Desmond Taylor , produced and distributed by Realart Pictures .
Mochanam is a 1979 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Thoppil Bhasi and produced by P Stanley .
Melody in Spring is a 1934 American Pre - Code musical film directed by Norman Z. McLeod and written by Benn W. Levy , Frank Leon Smith and Jane Storm .
Act of Memory is a 12-minute short film written and directed by Jack Ryder and produced by David Pugh and Dafydd Rogers and Laura Crampsie .
That Day After Everyday is a Hindi short film directed by Anurag Kashyap , written by Nitin Bhardwaj , and produced by Sankalp Acharekar & Omer Haidar .
Heart of Arizona is a 1938 American Western film directed by Lesley Selander and written by Norman Houston .
Geleya ( Kannada : ಗೆಳೆಯ ) is a 2007 Indian Kannada language crime romance film directed by Harsha , a popular choreographer making his debut in direction .
Kairasi ( Tamil : கைராசி ) is a 1960 Indian Tamil film , directed by K. Shankar and produced by M. Vasudeva Menon .
O - Kay for Sound is a 1937 British comedy film directed by Marcel Varnel and starring the Crazy Gang troupe of comedians .
Czech Peace ( Czech : Český mír ) is a 2010 Czech documentary film directed by Vít Klusák and Filip Remunda .
Love Exists ( French : L'Amour existe ) is a short documentary essay on the parisian suburbs made in 1960 , written and directed by Maurice Pialat and produced by Pierre Braunberger .
Aagadu ( English : He will not halt ) is a 2014 Indian Telugu action comedy film directed by Srinu Vaitla .
Kungfu Cyborg ( simplified Chinese : 机器侠 ; traditional Chinese : 機器俠 ; pinyin : Ji Qi Xia ) is a 2009 Hong Kong action film directed by Jeffrey Lau .
Forest of Bliss is a 1986 documentary film by ethnographic filmmaker Robert Gardner about everyday life in Benares , India .
Last Flight to Abuja is a 2012 Nigerian thriller disaster film written by Tunde Babalola , directed and produced by Obi Emelonye .
Loyalty of Love ( aka Teresa Confalonieri in Italian ) is an Italian drama film from 1934 , directed by Guido Brignone .
Silent Conflict is a 1948 American Western film directed by George Archainbaud and written by Charles Belden .
Friend Ripp ( German : Freund Ripp ) is a 1923 German silent film directed by Alfred Halm and starring Carl Geppert , Ilka Grüning and Käthe Haack .
Plane Crazy is an American animated short film directed by Walt Disney and Ub Iwerks .
Maine Pyaar Kyun Kiya ? ( English : Why did I fall in love ? ) is a 2005 Bollywood comedy film directed by David Dhawan .
The Promotion is a 2008 American comedy film written and directed by Steven Conrad .
Conversations on Serious Topics ( Lithuanian : Pokalbiai rimtomis temomis ) is a 2012 Lithuanian documentary film directed by Giedrė Beinoriūtė .
Sued for Libel is a 1939 American mystery film directed by Leslie Goodwins from a screenplay by Jerry Cady , based on Wolfe Kaufman 's story .
Penny Princess is a 1952 British Technicolor comedy written and directed by Val Guest for his own production company , Conquest Productions .
Sowbhagya Lakshmi ( Kannada : ಸೌಭಾಗ್ಯ ಲಕ್ಷ್ಮಿ ) is a 1987 Indian Kannada film , directed by H. R. Bhargava and produced by S P Rajashekar .
A Hero of the Big Snows is a 1926 American silent adventure film directed by Herman C. Raymaker and written by Ewart Adamson .
Female Werewolf is a 2015 independent horror film that was written and directed by Chris Alexander .
The Bad Pack is a 1997 independent action film written and directed by Brent Huff , and starring Robert Davi , Roddy Piper , Ralf Möller , Larry B. Scott , Shawn Huff , and Patrick Dollaghan .
How Bridget 's Lover Escaped ( French : Le Mariage de Victorine ) , also known as Le Mariage de Victoire , is a 1907 French short silent comedy film directed by Georges Méliès .
Unholy Love ( released in the United Kingdom as Deceit ) is a 1932 American Pre - Code drama film , directed and produced by Albert Ray .
The Archimedes Principle ( Spanish : El Principio de Arquímedes ) is a 2004 film directed by Gerardo Herrero featuring Marta Belaustegui and Roberto Enríquez .
3 Kanya or Teen Kanya ( 2012 ) is a Bengali psychological thriller film directed by Agnidev Chatterjee .
Il profeta ( internationally released as Mr. Kinky and The Prophet ) is a 1968 Italian comedy film directed by Dino Risi .
Sigappu Malargal ( Tamil : சிகப்பு மலர்கள் ) is a 1986 Indian Tamil film , directed by S. A. Chandrasekhar .
Silvered Water , Syria Self - Portrait ( Arabic : ماء الفضة‎ , French : Eau argentée , Syrie autoportrait ) is a Syrian documentary film about the Syrian Civil War , directed by Ossama Mohammed and Wiam Simav Bedirxan .
La Métamorphose des cloportes is a 1965 French and Italian crime film comedy directed by Pierre Granier - Deferre .
Drive Hard ( originally titled Hard Drive ) is a 2014 Australian action comedy film directed by Brian Trenchard - Smith and written by Chad Law , Evan Law , and Smith .
Kanden Kadhalai ( English : I Saw My Love ) is a 2009 Indian Tamil romantic comedy film directed by R. Kannan of Jayamkondaan fame .
Finding Fela is a 2014 documentary film directed by Alex Gibney , portraying and analysing the life of pioneering musician Fela Kuti .
Ermine and Rhinestones is a 1925 silent film , written by Louise Winter , and directed by Burton L. King
Yes , Madam ? is a 1939 British musical comedy film directed by Norman Lee and starring Bobby Howes , Diana Churchill and Wylie Watson .
Vado a riprendermi il gatto ( I 'm going to take back the cat ) is a 1987 Italian romantic comedy - drama film directed by Giuliano Biagetti .
Naayi Neralu ( Kannada : ನಾಯಿ ನೆರಳು ; English : Shadow of the Dog ) is a 2006 Indian Kannada language film directed by Girish Kasaravalli , based on a novel of the same name by Kannada writer S. L. Bhyrappa , and starring Pavitra Lokesh in the lead role .
Khoey Ho Tum Kahan ( Urdu : کهوے هو توم کهاں ) is a 2001 Pakistani Urdu film directed by Ajab Gul .
Long Live with Dearly Departed ( Czech : Ať žije nebožtík ) is a 1935 Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič .
Lumumba , la mort d'un prophète ( Lumumba , the death of a prophet ) is a 1990 documentary film by Haitian director Raoul Peck .
Whatever You Can Spare ( Serbo - Croatian : Daj što daš ) is a 1979 Yugoslav film directed by Bogdan Žižić .
Kodi Parakuthu is a 1988 Tamil drama film is directed by P. Bharathiraja .
Only Saps Work is a 1930 American comedy film directed by Cyril Gardner and Edwin H. Knopf and written by Owen Davis , Percy Heath , Joseph L. Mankiewicz and Sam Mintz .
Romance of a Horsethief ( French : Le roman d'un voleur de chevaux , Italian : Il romanzo di un ladro di cavalli , Serbo - Croatian : Romansa konjokradice ) is a 1971 French - Italian - Yugoslav adventure film directed by Abraham Polonsky .
Tum Se Achcha Kaun Hai is a 2002 Bollywood romantic film directed by Deepak Anand starring Rati Agnihotri , Nakul Kapoor and Aarti Chhabria .
My First Mister is a 2001 film written by Jill Franklyn and directed by Christine Lahti .
Prankstar is an unreleased mockumentary independent film written by , directed by , and starring Tom Green .
Kumudham ( Tamil : குமுதம் ) is a 1961 Indian Tamil film , directed by Adurthi Subba Rao and produced by S. D. Gunasekaran .
Mimics Action 500 is a 1995 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Balu Kiriyath and produced by Harikumaran Thampi .
Dead Tone , originally released as 7eventy 5ive , is a 2007 horror film directed and written by Brian Hooks and Deon Taylor .
Chow Hound is a Looney Tunes ( reissued as a Blue Ribbon Merrie Melodies in 1959 ) animated short directed by Chuck Jones and written by Michael Maltese .
Chotoder Chobi ( English : A Story about small people ) is a 2015 Indian Bengali language short film directed by Kaushik Ganguly .
Gomti Ke Kinare is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by Saawan Kumar Tak in a directorial debut .
Love 's Boomerang ( also known as Perpetua ) is a 1922 British crime film directed by John S. Robertson .
The Road to Romance is a 1927 film directed by John S. Robertson , based upon a Joseph Conrad - Ford Madox Ford novel , Romance .
Oh Maane Maane is a 1984 Indian Tamil film , directed by A. Jagannathan .
Britannia Hospital is a 1982 black comedy film by British director Lindsay Anderson which targets the National Health Service and contemporary British society .
Partie de cartes ( also known as Card Game and The Messers . Lumière at Cards ( USA ) , or A Quiet Game of Écarté ) is an 1895 French short black - and - white silent film directed and produced by Louis Lumière and starring Antoine Féraud .
Qahar is a 1997 Indian Bollywood film directed and produced by Rajkumar Kohli .
Nebeští jezdci is a Czechoslovak movie directed by Jindřich Polák in 1968 about Czechoslovak pilots in RAF service during the Battle of Britain , and the ongoing aerial battle in northern Europe .
Midnight Alibi is a 1934 sound film directed by Alan Crosland , produced by First National Pictures , distributed by ( ( Warner Bros ) . )
Tai Chi 0 or Tai Chi Zero ( 太極之零開始 ) or ( 太極:從零開始 ) is a 2012 Chinese 3D martial arts film directed by Stephen Fung .
In the Dust of the Stars ( German : I m Staub der Sterne ) is a 1976 science fiction film directed by Gottfried Kolditz .
Seasoned Players is an award winning pornographic film series directed and produced by Tom Byron .
Campo de Jogo , English title Sunday Ball , is a 2015 Brazilian documentary film directed by Eryk Rocha .
The Terror of Tiny Town is a 1938 American film produced by Jed Buell , directed by Sam Newfield , and starring Billy Curtis .
Phone Call from a Stranger is a 1952 American drama film directed by Jean Negulesco , who was nominated for the Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival .
Toula ou Le génie des eaux is a 1973 drama film directed by Moustapha Alassane .
The Callahans and the Murphys is a 1927 comedy silent film directed by George W. Hill .
American Hot Wax is a 1978 biopic film directed by Floyd Mutrux and written by John Kaye , telling the story of pioneering disc jockey Alan Freed , who was instrumental in introducing and popularizing rock ' n ' roll in the 1950s .
Arrival of a Train at Vincennes Station ( French : Arrivée d'un train ( Gare de Vincennes ) ) was an 1896 French silent actuality film directed by Georges Méliès .
Blood of the Beasts ( Le Sang des bêtes ) is a 1949 short French documentary film written and directed by Georges Franju .
Phaniyamma ( Kannada : ಫಣಿಯಮ್ಮ ) is a 1983 Indian Kannada award - winning drama film directed and produced by Prema Karanth .
Movie Movie is a 1978 American double bill directed by Stanley Donen .
Kaadhal Solla Vandhen ( Tamil : காதல் சொல்ல வந்தேன் ; English : I came to express my love ) is a 2010 Indian Tamil - language romance film written and directed by Boopathy Pandian , which stars Balaji Balakrishnan of Kana Kaanum Kaalangal fame , Meghana Raj and Karthik Sabesh in lead and Arya in a guest role .
Survive Style 5 + is a 2004 Japanese film directed by Gen Sekiguchi .
The Barber Shop ( 1933 ) is a short American Pre - Code comedy film starring W.C. Fields , directed by Arthur Ripley , and produced by Mack Sennett .
Plane Daffy is a 1944 Warner Bros. cartoon directed by Frank Tashlin , starring Daffy Duck .
Niceland ( Population . 1.000.002 ) is an Icelandic drama directed by Friðrik Þór Friðriksson
Boogie - Doodle is a 1940 drawn - on - film visual music short by Norman McLaren , set to the boogie - woogie music of African - American jazz pianist Albert Ammons .
Commissar Shakespeare ( Original Turkish title : Komser Şekspir ) is a 2001 Turkish comedy - drama film , directed by Sinan Çetin .
Jeevan Mukt ( Hindi : जीवन मुक्त ; translation : Freedom in Life ) is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Sudhendu Roy .
Veeram ( English : Valour ) is a 2014 Indian Tamil action film directed by Siva and produced by Vijaya Productions .
Redhead from Manhattan is a 1943 comedy film by Lew Landers and written by Joseph Hoffman .
The Preview Murder Mystery is a 1936 American mystery - comedy , directed by Robert Florey and shot in the Paramount studio .
Full Eclipse is a 1993 science fiction crime film directed by Anthony Hickox .
The Roots of Heaven is a 1958 American adventure film in CinemaScope and DeLuxe Color made by 20th Century Fox , directed by John Huston and produced by Darryl F. Zanuck .
Jalwa is a 1987 action , thriller Bollywood film directed by Pankaj Parashar and produced by Gul Anand .
Amanti del passato is a 1953 Italian romantic drama film directed by Adelchi Bianchi .
Friends , Comrades ( Finnish : Ystävät , toverit ) is a 1990 Finnish drama film directed by Rauni Mollberg .
Torn Memories of Nanjing ( 南京 引き裂かれた記憶 ) is a 2009 Japanese documentary film by Japanese activist Tamaki Matsuoka .
Shalom Abu Bassem is a documentary by Nissim Mossek about the Israeli - Palestinian conflict that follows a New York Jewish settler and an Arab hummus vendor that are forced to live as neighbors in the heart of Jerusalem .
Savoy Pictures Entertainment , Inc. was an American independent motion picture company in operation from 1992 to 1997 .
Buyeo or Puyŏ ( Korean : 부여 ; Hanja : 夫餘 Korean pronunciation : ( pujʌ ) ) was an ancient kingdom located in parts of southern Manchuria and northern Korea , from around the 2nd century BC to 494 .
Biała Podlaska Voivodeship ( Polish : województwo bialskopodlaskie ) was a unit of administrative division and local government in Poland in the years 1975 - -1998 , superseded by Lublin Voivodeship .
The County of Sicily was a Norman state comprising the islands of Sicily and Malta from 1071 until 1130 .
The White Motor Company was an American automobile , truck and bus manufacturer from 1900 until 1980 .
After the Treaty of Versailles of 1919 , Germany lost all its colonial possessions , including German New Guinea .
The Province of Nassau ( German : Provinz Nassau ) was a province of Prussia from 1944 to 1945 .
The Taifa of Jaén was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed for only two very short periods , first in 1145 and secondly in 1168 .
The Kingdom of Bavaria ( German : Königreich Bayern ) was a German state that succeeded the former Electorate of Bavaria in 1805 and continued to exist until 1918 .
From 1936 to 1979 , the office of President of Nicaragua was held by members of the Nationalist Liberal Party .
The son of Brigadier General Walter Allason DSO & Bar ( 1875 - -1960 ) , James Allason was educated at Haileybury and Imperial Service College and the Royal Military Academy , Woolwich .
Judith Kimble received her Bachelor 's degree in biomedical sciences from the University of California , Berkeley in 1971 .
Carola Garcia de Vinuesa is a Professor and Head of the Department of Pathogens and Immunity at the College of Medicine at the Australian National University .
In 1974 , Dumitru Diacov graduated from Belarusian State University and then worked for TeleRadio - Moldova .
Born in Klagenfurt , Roland Rainer decided to become an architect when he was 18 , so he studied at the Vienna University of Technology .
Thaksin Shinawatra was a member of the 10th class of the Armed Forces Academies Preparatory School , and was then admitted to the Thai Police Cadet Academy .
Naihua Duan is a practicing biostatistician specializing in mental health services and policy research at Columbia University .
Jonatha Brooke graduated from Commonwealth School in Boston before moving on to Amherst College .
Born in London , England , the eldest son of Lieutenant - General Sir Charles William Doyle and Sophia Cramer Coghill , he attended the Royal Military College , Sandhurst , and joined the army as an ensign of the 24th ( The 2nd Warwickshire ) Regiment of Foot on 23 December 1819 .
Jerzy Katlewicz ( April 2 , 1927 -- November 16 , 2015 ) was a Polish music conductor , pianist and Professor of the Academy of Music in Kraków since 1990 .
In 2008 , Remo Jacuzzi was honored by being inducted into the Haas School of Business Hall of Fame at the University of California , Berkeley .
Frank Greenaway studied Chemistry at Jesus College , Oxford .
Born in Hong Kong , Sun Kwok was graduated from Pui Ching Middle School , the mother school of Daniel Chee Tsui , Nobel Prize Winner in Physics and Shing - Tung Yau , Fields Medal Winner .
Allen Newell ( /ˈnuːəl , ˈnjuː-/ ; March 19 , 1927 -- July 19 , 1992 ) was a researcher in computer science and cognitive psychology at the RAND Corporation and at Carnegie Mellon University 's School of Computer Science , Tepper School of Business , and Department of Psychology .
It was in 1875 that Giovanni Sottocornola , a painter of humble origins , enrolled at the Brera Academy of Fine Arts , where he attended the courses of Raffaele Casnedi and Giuseppe Bertini until 1880 and met his fellow students Gaetano Previati , Emilio Longoni and Giovanni Segantini .
George E. Rody was the captain of the first national championship basketball team at the University of Kansas in 1921 - 22 .
Holder of a Master 's degree in biochemistry ( 1997 ) and another one in enzyme engineering , microbiology and bioconversion , Vanessa Proux graduates from University of Technology of Compiègne in October 2001 ( Doctorate in enzyme engineering , microbiology and bioconversion ) .
Einars Repše graduated from Latvia State University ( now known as University of Latvia ) in 1986 with a degree in physics ( specialisation -- radio electronics ) .
Marjorie Hill ( died 1909 ) was one of the original nine of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority , Incorporated 's twenty founders at Howard University .
Ana Castillo received her MA in Latin American Studies from the University of Chicago in 1979 , after teaching ethnic studies at Santa Rosa Junior College and serving as writer - in - residence for the Illinois Arts Council .
At Kingwood High School , Nic Wise was a two year letterwinner .
Blaine Hogan ( born January 29 , 1980 ) is an actor from Minnesota , United States , who graduated from Butler University in Indianapolis , Indiana and has performed on stage in Indianapolis and Chicago at the Indiana Rep , Chicago Shakespeare , and the Goodman Theatre .
Vladimir Pištalo graduated from the University of Belgrade 's Law School and earned his doctorate at the University of New Hampshire under the theme of the manifold identity of Serbian immigrants .
In July 2001 , Omar al - Bayoumi moved to England to pursue a PhD at Aston University .
Albert Edward Winship ( 1845 - 1933 ) was a pioneering American educator and educational journalist , born at West Bridgewater , Mass. He attended Andover Theological Seminary in 1875 .
In 2004 Vakhtang Kakhidze had concert tour with Tbilisi Symphony orchestra in Russia and Italy performing in such leading concert halls as Moscow Conservatory Big Hall and St. Petersburg Philharmony , Milan Conservatory Verdi Concert Hall , Santa Cecilia Music Academy new concert hall in Rome , Merano , Bari and other cities .
M. G. K. Menon was educated at Jaswant College , Jodhpur , and the Royal Institute of Science , Bombay , before he moved to the University of Bristol for his Ph . D in elementary particle physics under the guidance of Nobel Laureate Cecil F. Powell in 1953 .
Japeth Aguilar suited up as a college freshman for the Ateneo de Manila University Blue Eagles in the University Athletic Association of the Philippines in 2004 .
After studying political science and English studies , Manfred G. Schmidt received his PhD in political science from the University of Tübingen , directed by Gerhard Lehmbruch .
When Jody Lumpkin graduated from Hammond School in 1996 , he chose to play at Rice University over his other top candidates Davidson College , the University of Pennsylvania , the College of Charleston ( CofC ) , and the University of Maryland .
Hemant Mishra ( हेमन्त मिश्रा ) was an Indian character actor He is an alumnus of National School of Drama .
Eugene Volokh ( Ukrainian : Євге́н Володимирович Волох Yevhen Volodymyrovych Volokh , Russian : Евге́ний Влади́мирович Во́лох Yevgeniy Vladimirovich Volokh ; born February 29 , 1968 ) is an American law professor , the Gary T. Schwartz Professor of Law at the UCLA School of Law .
Samuel M. Nabrit , ( February 21 , 1905 -- December 30 , 2003 ) became the first African American to be awarded a doctoral degree from Brown University , the first Morehouse College graduate to earn a Ph.D. and the first African American appointed to the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission ( now the Nuclear Regulatory Commission ) .
Lambros Couloubaritsis received his PhD in philosophy from the Free University of Brussels after studying chemistry at the University of Liège .
William C. Perry was born on March 11 , 1900 in Belleville , Kansas , where he then grew up before he served in the military during World War I. He graduated from the University of Kansas in Lawrence , Kansas in 1922 .
Christian McLeer , an American Composer is a graduate of the Juilliard Conservatory Pre - College , and Manhattan School of Music .
Edward Alexander Bott ( nickname , Ned ; April 11 , 1887 - 1974 ) was a psychologist at the University of Toronto .
Born in Worcestershire , England , Jerry Wiggin was educated at Eton College , followed by Trinity College , Cambridge .
A Medal in his honour , known as `` The Gurusaday Dutt Medal '' along with a Cash prize , was endowed by his grandson , Devsaday Dutt , at the University of Calcutta , which is given to the student who stands First in the Post - Graduate Examination in Geography , from 2008 onwards .
Emanuel V. Soriano was the 14th president of the University of the Philippines .
Jean - Louis Scaringella , ( born 16 July 1948 , in Grenoble , Isère , France ) is a graduate of the HEC Paris and Harvard Business School .
Main Bocher was a native of Chicago , where he studied art at the University of Chicago and the Chicago Academy of Fine Arts .
Josh Klausner graduated from Princeton University in Princeton , New Jersey .
Beverly Schwartz was born in New York City and has spent time living in Minneapolis , San Francisco , Atlanta , and Washington D.C. She attended the City University of New York and the University of Minnesota , earning a Master of Science degree in behavioral science .
Born in Hamilton , Ontario , Bruce Kuwabara studied architecture at the University of Toronto and graduated in 1972 .
Uğur Erdener ( born June 15 , 1950 ) is a Turkish physician specialized in ophthalmology and professor at the Hacettepe University , Ankara .
Farhan Nizami is the youngest of five children of the late Khaliq Nizami , one time Vice Chancellor of Aligarh Muslim University , and of the late Razia Nizami .
Mary Jo Ondrechen received an American Chemical Society certified Bachelor 's degree in Chemistry from Reed College , Portland , Oregon in 1974 .
Beata Szymańska left the philosophy department of the Jagiellonian University and received her doctorate in philosophy in 1977 .
In 1972 , Fred Van Oystaeyen obtained his Ph.D. from the Vrije Universiteit of Amsterdam .
Richard B. Rothman is a pharmacologist who received his MD and Ph.D. degrees in pharmacology from the University of Virginia in 1982 .
Feleti Teo received his Bachelor of Laws degree from the University of Canterbury in Christchurch , New Zealand .
Richard D. Alexander obtained an associate of arts degree from Blackburn College ( Carlinville , Illinois ) in 1948 , a bachelor of science in education ( biology ) and a PhD from Ohio State University in 1956 .
Diane Wiessinger received her Master of Science Degree in Ecology and Evolutionary Biology from Cornell University in 1978 .
Jeffrey Finn attended Connecticut College , where he received his bachelor 's degree in 1992 .
Wilhelmina Reuben - Cooke was one of the first five African American undergraduates admitted to Duke University in 1963 .
Educated at Eton College and the University of St Andrews , Barney White - Spunner was commissioned into the Blues and Royals in 1979 .
Wilfried Elmenreich studied computer science at the Vienna University of Technology where he received his master 's degree in 1998 .
Sinedu Tadesse ( 1974 - May 28 , 1995 ) was a junior in college at Harvard University when she murdered her roommate , Trang Phuong Ho , and then killed herself on May 28 , 1995 .
George Goad ( died 1671 ) was the master of Eton College .
Geoffrey Till , FKC ( born in London , England , on 14 January 1945 ) is a British naval historian and Professor of Maritime Studies in the Defence Studies Department of King 's College London .
Sarah Sumner earned a Bachelor of Education from Baylor University , a Master of Theology from Wheaton College , and a Master of Business Administration from Azusa Pacific University .
Joan Hornig graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Harvard College in 1977 with a degree in fine arts before going on to get her MBA at Columbia Business School in 1984 .
Vernon Palmer ( Vernon Valentine Palmer ) is an American - born legal scholar , the Thomas Pickles Professor of Law at Tulane University Law School and the co - director of its Eason Weinmann Center of Comparative Law .
Cynthia Kenyon graduated valedictorian in chemistry and biochemistry from the University of Georgia in 1976 .
Charles Strum was born in 1948 and is a graduate of Dickinson College in Carlisle , Pennsylvania , where he was a history and political Science double - major .
William Gurley ( March 16 , 1821 -- January 11 , 1887 ) co - founded what is now known as Gurley Precision Instruments with his brother , and served as vice president and , from 1886 to 1887 , acting president of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute .
Lisa Murphy completed her undergraduate work at Rutgers University earning a BA and graduated from Columbia Business School with an MBA in 1999 .
In his will , Sugarman provided for the establishment of The George Sugarman Foundation , Inc. A 1934 graduate of the City College of New York , Sugarman served in the United States Navy from 1941 to 1945 , assigned to the Pacific theater .
Charles W. Gilchrist received degrees from Williams College magna cum laude in 1958 and Harvard Law School in 1961 and was admitted into the Maryland Bar in 1962 .
Delphine Arnault received her degree from the London School of Economics and EDHEC Business School ( Ecole des Hautes Etudes Commerciales du Nord ) , she began her career working for the strategy consulting firm McKinsey and Company .
Born in West Boylston , Massachusetts , Dyer Ball studied at Phillips Academy and at Yale College for two years .
Hermann Gossler studied law at the University of Heidelberg , and worked as a lawyer in Hamburg from 1826 to 1837 .
Charles Moskos attended Princeton University , where he graduated cum laude in 1956 , on tuition scholarship and waited tables to pay for room and board .
A Kenyan native , Peter Kithene holds a BA in Psychology from the University of Washington .
John Chipman Gray ( July 14 , 1839 -- February 25 , 1915 ) was an American scholar of property law and professor at Harvard Law School .
Born in Visalia , California , Tyler Zeller grew up in Washington , Indiana , attending Washington High School .
Henry Hall Dixon was born at Warwick Bridge , Cumberland , on 16 May 1822 , and was educated at Rugby School and at Trinity College , Cambridge , where he graduated in 1846 .
Born in New York , Carolyn Abbate completed her BA at Yale University in 1977 .
Following education in Christiania and a year as student at the University of Copenhagen , Peder Anker and his brothers spent five years traveling with private tutors in Great Britain , France , Germany , and Italy .
Tobias Nielsén ( born 1975 ) is a graduated economist from Stockholm School of Economics and Columbia Business School , New York , publisher and writer .
Gisbert Wüstholz is a German mathematician who obtained his Ph.D. from the Albert Ludwigs University of Freiburg in 1977 , under the supervision of Theodor Schneider .
He entered Maseno School in 1937 and attended Alliance High School from 1942 to 1943 , where he was taught by mathematician Edward Carey Francis , who later , when asked who was the most brilliant student he had ever taught , answered `` Far and away , David Wasawo '' .
Laurence Muir was born in Victoria and educated at Scotch College ( Captain of School 1942 ) , and the University of Melbourne .
In 1955 , Alla Gerber graduated from the faculty of law of the Moscow State University .
Cheney Mason is a graduate of the University of Florida , in 1968 with a Bachelor of Arts and in 1970 with a Juris Doctor .
Brandon Prideaux ( born August 18 , 1976 in Seattle , Washington ) is a former American professional soccer player , currently an assistant coach for the men 's soccer team at the University of Washington .
Novice Gail Fawcett ( March 29 , 1909 -- June 19 , 1998 ) , born in Gambier , Ohio , was the 8th President of The Ohio State University .
Sreyashi Jhumki Basu ( 1977 - -2008 ) was a professor of Science Education at New York University who is best known for her work to encourage urban minority students to succeed through the study of science .
J. Kim Vandiver ( born December 4 , 1945 ) is an American university professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) .
Emery Kay Hunt ( usually called E. K. Hunt or Kay Hunt ) ( born November 13 , 1937 in Blanding , Utah ) is an Emeritus Professor of Economics at the University of Utah .
Traugott Lawler ( born 8 March 1937 ) is a medievalist scholar , expert on William Langland , and an emeritus professor of English at Yale University , where he served as master of Ezra Stiles College and also as a lecturer in religion and literature .
Bethan James is a BBC political reporter from Wales based in Westminster .
Mark Lance ( born 1959 ) is a professor in the Philosophy Department and Justice and Peace Studies Program at Georgetown University .
Tom Holm is a professor in the Native American Studies program at the University of Arizona .
Ibrahim Thiaw is the Deputy Executive Director of the United Nations Environment Programme ( UNEP ) at the level of Assistant Secretary - General .
Neil Immerman ( 24 November 1953 , Manhasset , New York ) is an American theoretical computer scientist , a professor of computer science at the University of Massachusetts Amherst .
Dr Paul Irwing is a Reader in organisational psychology at the University of Manchester .
Povel Pedersson Paus is also noted for his poem in Latin in memory of his father Peder Povelsson Paus , the provost of Upper Telemark .
Machares ( Greek : ο Μαχάρης ; means in Persian : warrior ; died 65 BC ) was a Pontian prince and son of King Mithridates VI of Pontus and Queen Laodice .
Stephen Tan ( born in 1954 ) , ( Chinese : 陳智文 ) is first son of Robin Chan ( Chairman of the Asia Financial Group ) , and grandson of Chin Sophonpanich ( founder and former president of Bangkok Bank ) .
Aung Thet Mann ( Burmese : အောင်သက်မန်း , pronounced : ( àuɴ θɛʔ máɴ ) ; born 19 June 1977 ) , also known as Shwe Mann Ko Ko ( ရွှေမန်းကိုကို ) , is a Burmese businessman and currently CEO of Ayer Shwe Wah , a major Burmese company .
Ted Cruz was born on December 22 , 1970 , at Foothills General Hospital in Calgary , Alberta , Canada , to parents Eleanor Elizabeth ( Darragh ) Wilson and Rafael Bienvenido Cruz .
Anthony Ashley - Cooper , 11th Earl of Shaftesbury ( 24 June 1977 -- 15 May 2005 ) was the eldest son of Anthony Ashley - Cooper , 10th Earl of Shaftesbury by his second marriage to the Swedish - born Christina Eva Montan .
Maher al - Assad was born on 8 December 1967 , the youngest child of Aniseh Makhlouf and Hafez al - Assad .
Cao Chong ( 196 - -208 ) , courtesy name Cangshu , was a son of Cao Cao , a warlord who rose to power towards the end of the Han dynasty and laid the foundation of the state of Cao Wei in the Three Kingdoms period .
Born in Cremona , Italy , Lucia Anguissola was the third daughter of seven children born to Amilcare Anguissola and Bianca Ponzone .
However , Little Current 's sire , Sea Bird , had established himself as one of Europe 's greatest runners with dominating victories at 1½ miles in the 1965 Epsom Derby and the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe .
Princess Jeanne Bonaparte ( 15 September 1861 - 25 July 1910 ) was a great - niece of Napoleon I of France , and the only daughter of Pierre Napoleon Bonaparte by his wife Justine Eleanore Ruflin .
Under his father Li Gao ( Prince Wuzhao ) and/or Li Xin , Li Xun successively served as the governor of Jiuquan ( 酒泉 , roughly modern Jiuquan , Gansu ) and Dunhuang Commanderies .
Luca Zuffi is the son of Dario Zuffi .
Princess Anne Élisabeth of France ( born 18 November 1662 in Louvre d. 30 December 1662 in Louvre ) - the second child and first daughter of Louis XIV of France and his Spanish wife Infanta Maria Teresa of Spain .
Eudoxia Epiphania ( also known as Epiphania , Eudocia or Eudokia ) was the only daughter of the Byzantine Emperor Heraclius and his first wife Eudokia .
René de Brosse , also René de Bretagne was the elder son of Jean III de Brosse and Louise de Laval .
Istabraq was bred for the flat , being by Sadler 's Wells , who won the Irish 2,000 Guineas over 1 mile .
Jazmin Grace Grimaldi ( born 4 March 1992 ) is the daughter of Albert II , Prince of Monaco and Tamara Rotolo , and the elder of the Prince 's two known illegitimate children .
Archduchess Hedwig of Austria ( September 24 , 1896 in Bad Ischl -- November 1 , 1970 in Hall in Tirol ) was the daughter of Archduke Franz Salvator of Austria and his wife Marie Valerie of Austria .
Matilda of Andechs ( died 1245 ) was a daughter of Margrave Berthold I of Istria and his first wife , Hedwig of Dachau - Wittelsbach .
Born 1978 in Athens to Nea Dimokratia politicians Dora and Pavlos Bakoyannis , Kostas Bakoyannis lost his father Pavlos in 1989 , when he was assassinated by the leftist terrorist group , Revolutionary Organization 17 November .
Born in Beirut in 1946 , Leila Al Solh is the youngest daughter of the late former Lebanese prime minister Riad Al Solh .
After the deaths of their parents , Hope Pym and her twin brother Big Man ( Henry Pym Jr. ) became outraged when people began referring to A - Next as the `` next generation of Avengers '' .
Margaret Carnegie Miller ( March 30 , 1897 -- April 11 , 1990 ) was the only child of industrialist and philanthropist Andrew Carnegie and heiress to the Carnegie fortune .
His father was the state 's only emperor , Ran Min . Ran Zhi , as Ran Min 's oldest son , was created crown prince when he proclaimed the new state in 350 after overthrowing the Later Zhao emperor Shi Jian and declared himself emperor .
Elizabeth Hay , Countess of Erroll ( 17 January 1801 -- 16 January 1856 ; born Elizabeth FitzClarence ) was an illegitimate daughter of King William IV of the United Kingdom and Dorothea Jordan .
Stay Thirsty ( foaled on 29 March 2008 ) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse sired by the leading stallion Bernardini .
Elder son of Maltese writer Frans Sammut and Catherine née Cachia , Mark A. Sammut was born in 1973 in Malta .
The Honourable Gerald David Lascelles ( 21 August 1924 -- 27 February 1998 ) was the younger son of Henry Lascelles , 6th Earl of Harewood and Mary , Princess Royal , the only daughter of King George V of the United Kingdom and Mary of Teck .
Vipsania Marcella Agrippina or Marcellina ( born 27 BC ) was perhaps the only daughter to Roman statesman Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa from his second wife Claudia Marcella Major .
Artaxias IV was the son of Vramshapuh who was the previous ruling Sassanid Client King of Arsacid Armenia from 389 until 417 and his uncle was another previous ruling Sassanid Client King of Arsacid Armenia , Khosrov IV . According to modern genealogies , Artaxias IV is presented in being the grandson of Varasdates ( Varazdat ) .
Ladislaus Hunyadi was the elder of the two sons of John Hunyadi , voivode of Transylvania and later regent of the Kingdom of Hungary , and Elizabeth Szilágyi .
Zhao Jiande was the eldest son of King Zhao Yingqi and a Yue woman .
Abigail Thaw was born in London to actor John Thaw and his first wife Sally Alexander , an academic / feminist activist who taught modern history at Goldsmiths College .
Princess Lalla Meryem of Morocco ( Arabic : الأميرة للا مريم‎ , GCVO , born 26 August 1962 in Rome , Italy ) is the first daughter and eldest child of the late King Hassan II of Morocco and his second wife , Lalla Latifa Hammou .
Aubrey Beauclerk , 6th Duke of St Albans ( 21 August 1765 -- 12 August 1815 ) was the son of Aubrey Beauclerk , 5th Duke of St Albans .
In Greek mythology , Byblis or Bublis ( Ancient Greek : Βυβλίς ) was a daughter of Miletus .
Rogneda of Polotsk ( 962 - -1002 ) is the Slavic name for Ragnhild , whose father Ragnvald ( Slavic : Rogvolod ) came from Scandinavia and established himself at Polatsk in the mid-10th century .
Durai Vaiyapuri ( Tamil : துரை வையாபுரி ) ( born 1972 ) is a politician and son of Vaiko , founder of Marumalarchi Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam .
Gebran Ghassan Tueni ( Arabic : جبران تويني‎ ; 15 September 1957 -- 12 December 2005 ) was a Lebanese politician and the former editor and publisher of daily paper An Nahar , established by his grandfather , also named Gebran Tueni , in 1933 .
John Stafford , 1st Earl of Wiltshire KG , KB ( 24 November 1427 -- 8 May 1473 ) was an English nobleman , the youngest son of Humphrey Stafford , 1st Duke of Buckingham .
Marguerite Norris became president of the Detroit Red Wings of the NHL after her father James E. Norris died in 1952 .
Khutulun ( c. 1260 -- c. 1306 ) , also known as Aigiarne , Aiyurug , Khotol Tsagaan or Ay Yaruq ( literally Moonlight ) was the most famous daughter of Kaidu and a niece of Kublai Khan .
William George Beattie , locomotive engineer , was the son of Joseph Hamilton Beattie .
Richard de Montfort ( about 1065 , in Montfort l'Amaury , Ile de France , France -- 1092 ) , was the son of Simon I de Montfort , Count of Évreux ( c. 1025 -- 1087 ) and Agnès d'Évreux ( c. 1030 -- c. 1087 ) .
Cleopatra originally ruled jointly with her father , Ptolemy XII Auletes , and later with her brothers , Ptolemy XIII and Ptolemy XIV , whom she married as per Egyptian custom , but eventually she became sole ruler .
Thomas St Clere ( 28 October 1401 -- 1435 ) was a son of Sir Philip St Clere of Penshurst Place .
Ma Xifan was born in 899 , during the reign of Emperor Zhaozong of Tang , as the fourth son of the warlord Ma Yin .
The French Furze ( foaled on May 10 , 1994 in Ireland ) is an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse , born to sire , Be My Guest and dam , Exciting .
The Peabody Institute was founded in 1857 by philanthropist George Peabody ( 1795 - -1869 ) , and is the oldest conservatory in the United States .
Open Doors was founded in 1955 by Andrew van der Bijl , a Dutchman more widely known as Brother Andrew , when he decided to smuggle Bibles to Christians he felt were being discriminated against in the then - Communist Poland .
Rasmussen Reports was founded in 2003 by Scott Rasmussen , who served as the company 's president from its founding until July 2013 , when he left to found the digital media company Styrk .
The Zeitgeist Movement was established in 2008 by Peter Joseph and advocates a transformation of society and its economic system .
Virgin Group Ltd. is a British multinational branded venture capital conglomerate founded by entrepreneur Richard Branson and Nik Powell .
Revelations Entertainment is an independent movie production company founded by actor Morgan Freeman and Lori McCreary in 1996 .
The Morgan Motor Company was registered as a limited private company only in 1912 with `` H.F.S. '' Morgan as managing director and his father , who had invested in his son 's business , as its first chairman .
Arab - West Report is an independent electronic magazine founded by Cornelis Hulsman and Sawsan Gabra Ayoub Khalil in 1997 , originally titled the Religious News Service from the Arab World .
Marv Films ( also known as Marv or MARV ) is a British production company owned by Matthew Vaughn .
DeskSite was founded by Richard Gillam .
DigitalOptics Corporation ( DOC ) is a San Jose , California - based technology company that designs and manufactures imaging systems for smartphones .
Outright Distribution ( formerly Screentime Partners ) is a global TV distribution company headquartered in London and part of the Shed Media Group .
Jerini AG was a pharmaceutical company based in Berlin , Germany , which focused on the discovery and development of novel peptide - based drugs .
The Tri - Service General Hospital ( TSGH ; Chinese : 三軍總醫院 ; pinyin : Sānjūn Zǒngyīyuàn ) is a medical center in Zhongzheng District , Taipei , Taiwan .
SINTEF ( Norwegian : Stiftelsen for industriell og teknisk forskning ) , headquartered in Trondheim , Norway , is the largest independent research organisation in Scandinavia .
The Century Foundation is a progressive think tank headquartered in New York City with an office in Washington , D.C. It was founded as a nonprofit public policy research institution on the belief that the prosperity and security of the United States depends on a mix of effective government , open democracy , and free markets .
Semitan is the company responsible for the comprehensive public transport network of Nantes Métropole , the urban community of the French city of Nantes .
Metaversum GmbH is the Berlin - based startup company behind the 3D virtual world Twinity .
The Stockholm based studio Paradox Development Studio is the developer behind franchises such as Europa Universalis , Crusader Kings , Hearts of Iron and Victoria .
EXFO is headquartered in Quebec City , Canada and has approximately over 1200 employees worldwide .
The Zumtobel Group ( also known as Zumtobel AG ) headquartered in Dornbirn , Austria , is a manufacturer of professional indoor and outdoor lighting , lighting management systems and lighting components as well as LED and OLED technology .
Mo'men ( Arabic : مؤمن‎ pronounced ( ˈmoʔmen ) ) is a chain of fast food restaurants based in Cairo , Egypt , specializing in sandwiches .
Protective Life Corporation is a financial service holding company in Birmingham , Alabama .
URBNET Records is an independent record label based in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Kaplan International Colleges ( KIC ) is a division of the education company Kaplan Inc. , headquartered in London and founded in 1967 .
Società Italiana Ernesto Breda , more usually referred to simply as Breda , was an Italian mechanical manufacturing company founded by Ernesto Breda in Milan in 1886 .
Sucker Punch Productions is an American production company founded in 1997 and based in Bellevue , Washington .
Lakland Guitars is a Chicago , Illinois - based manufacturer of electric bass guitars .
Raab - Katzenstein was a 1920s German aircraft manufacturer based in Kassel .
Pacific Dunlop has its roots in the Irish Dunlop Pneumatic Tyre Company , which established the Dunlop Pneumatic Tyre Company of Australasia in 1893 , which included a local finishing factory and office in Melbourne to supply the market with bicycle tyres .
ÍNN ( Íslands Nýjasta Nýtt ( Iceland 's Newest of the New ) ) is a privately owned , Icelandic television station , which launched on October 2 , 2007 .
Alfa System is a development and planning company from Kumamoto City , Japan .
Offset Software was a video game development company based in Newport Beach , California .
The Timexpo Museum in Waterbury , Connecticut is dedicated to the history of Timex Group and its predecessors , featuring exhibits going back to the founding of Waterbury Clock Company in 1854 .
UrbanGlass , located on Fulton Street in the historic 1918 Strand Theatre in the Downtown Brooklyn Cultural District is the United States ' first and largest artist glass studio and the New York metropolitan area 's leading glass - blowing facility .
Odisha State Road Transport Corporation ( OSRTC ) has 18 divisions Berhampur Bhanjanagar Bhubaneswar Cuttack Angul Keonjhar Bargarh Balangir Sambalpur Padampur Rourkela Vizayanagaram Jeypore Bhawanipatna Phulbani Malkangiri Nabarangpur Rayagada
Herzog , Fox & Ne'eman ( `` HFN '' ) is a full - service commercial law firm located in Tel Aviv , Israel .
Deutsche Extrakt Kaffee ( DEK ) is a German manufacturer and distributor of instant coffee , instant coffee beverages and surrogates ( coffee substitutes ) based in Hamburg .
Supermono Studios is a video game publisher and application development studio based in London , UK .
The privately held company is headquartered at 105 Mezzetta Ct . , American Canyon , California .
Anovo ( formerly A Novo ) is a computer services company based in Beauvais , France .
Genius Factor Games was a Canadian independent video game developer based in North Vancouver , BC , Canada .
Swipp is a privately held company based in Mountain View , California providing a social intelligence platform that captures , aggregates , and reports real time sentiment data via consumer and commercial applications built on their platform .
The Rapid Motor Vehicle Company was founded in 1902 in Pontiac , Michigan , by brothers Max Grabowsky and Morris Grabowsky , who built their first pickup 1 ton truck prototype in 1900 .
Zabeel Investments is private investment vehicle for Sheikh Hamdan bin Mohammed , Crown Prince of Dubai and chairman of the Dubai executive Council .
In 1996 , Tundra Books ' headquarters moved to Toronto from its former home in Westmount , Quebec , a suburb of Montreal , and a new publisher , Kathy Lowinger , took over .
The National Marrow Donor Program ( NMDP ) is a nonprofit organization founded in 1986 and based in Minneapolis , Minnesota that operates the Be The Match Registry of volunteer hematopoietic cell donors and umbilical cord blood units in the United States .
Turkcell ( BİST : TCELL , NYSE : TKC ) is the leading mobile phone operator of Turkey , based in Istanbul .
Principal offices , warehousing and production facilities for Hannover House are located in Springdale , Arkansas , near the world headquarters for Wal - Mart Stores , Inc. The company also maintains an office in Los Angeles , California , and runs its publicity and promotional activities out of New York , New York .
Shoppers Stop is an Indian retailing company promoted by the K Raheja Corp Group , started in the year 1991 with its first store in Andheri , Mumbai .
The Scottish Crop Research Institute more commonly known as the SCRI was a scientific institute located in Invergowrie near Dundee , Scotland .
In bringing the community play form to Toronto , Ruth Howard and Jumblies Theatre , adapted it to reflect her evolving artistic interests and Toronto 's urban community realities .
Zero Point Zero Production , Inc. is an American production company located in New York City .
Derecktor Shipyards is an American ship building company located in Mamaroneck , New York and founded in 1947 by Robert E. Derecktor .
Devitt Insurance Services Limited is a privately owned insurance broker based in Romford , England and have been arranging insurance in the UK since 1936 .
Welspun Energy Ltd ( WEL ) is an independent power company based in New Delhi , India .
Replacements , Ltd. , based in Greensboro , North Carolina , is the world 's largest retailer of china , crystal and silverware , including both patterns still available from manufactures and discontinued patterns .
Vestel 's headquarters and production plant are located in Manisa , while the company 's parent conglomerate is the Istanbul based Zorlu Holding .
The Times of Northwest Indiana is a daily newspaper headquartered in Munster , Indiana .
Founded in 2012 , Expert Global Solutions , Inc. , ( `` EGS '' , formerly NCO Group ) , based in Plano , Texas , is the world 's largest privately owned Business Process Outsourcing company with more than 100 locations globally and more than 40,000 associates .
RAFM Company , Inc. of Brantford , Ontario is a producer of miniatures , reference materials , and board games .
British American Tobacco plc ( BAT ) is a British multinational tobacco company headquartered in London , United Kingdom .
Supergiant Games is an American video game development company based in San Jose , California .
Banco Nossa Caixa ( BM&F Bovespa : BNCA3 ) was a Brazilian bank listed since 2005 on the BM&F Bovespa and focused on State of São Paulo , but active in other Brazilian States .
The Hofbräuhaus am Platzl is a beer hall in Munich , Germany , originally built in 1589 by Bavarian Duke Maximilian I as an extension of the Staatliches Hofbräuhaus in München brewery .
PDFTron Systems Incorporated is a Canadian software company headquartered in Vancouver , British Columbia .
De Koninck Brewery ( Brouwerij De Koninck ) is a Belgian brewery based in Antwerp ( Antwerpen in Dutch ) .
The Yorkshire Patent Steam Wagon Co. was a steam wagon manufacturer in Leeds , England .
LineOne was an Internet Service Provider in the United Kingdom in the 1990s .
Six Continents was a large British - based hotel and hospitality business which was listed on the London Stock Exchange and was once a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index .
Truviso ( pronounced true - VEE - so ) is a continuous analytics , venture - backed , startup headquartered in Foster City , California developing and supporting its solution leveraging PostgreSQL , to deliver a proprietary analytics solutions for net - centric customers .
Federal Signal Corporation is a global corporation with about 2,800 employees located in Oak Brook , Illinois .
Harley - Davidson India is a wholly owned subsidiary of Harley - Davidson , based in Gurgaon , Haryana , India .
PRA Group , Inc. or PRA , is an American debt buyer based in Norfolk , Virginia .
Ohio Valley Wrestling ( OVW ) is an American independent professional wrestling promotion based in Louisville , Kentucky .
Tube Lines Limited , initially known as ' Infraco JNP ' ( an amalgamation of Infrastructure + Company ) , is an asset - management company responsible for the maintenance , renewal and upgrade of the infrastructure , including track , trains , signals , civil work and stations , of three London Underground lines .
Università Iuav di Venezia ( founded in 1926 as Istituto Universitario di Architettura di Venezia ( `` higher institute of architecture of Venice '' ) is a university in Venice , Italy .
Located in the center of Stockholm , A Side Productions writes and produces songs for artists such as Il Divo , Leona Lewis , Shayne Ward and Paul Potts to mention a few .
Robeco is an originally Dutch asset management firm , since 2013 part of Orix , founded in 1929 as the Rotterdamsch Beleggings Consortium ( Rotterdam Investment Consortium ) .
Stoneham Drilling Trust , was an income trust headquartered in Calgary , Alberta that provided contract drilling services to oil and natural gas exploration and production companies operating in western Canada .
Firebrand Games is a video game development company with studios in Glasgow , Scotland , Florida , USA , and Baton Rouge , USA .
With over 100 employees in two investment offices in London and Munich , HgCapital has assets under management of £ 5.2 billion , serving over 100 highly regarded institutional investors , including private and public pension funds , endowments , insurance companies and fund of funds .
The Maritime Circle Line ( MCL ) is a private harbor cruise line and operator in the Port of Hamburg , Germany , established by Gregor Mogi in 2007 .
H. C. Stülcken Sohn ( also known as Stülcken - Werft ) was a German shipbuilding company located in Hamburg and founded in 1846 by Heinrich Christoph Stülcken .
The Thomas B. Fordham Institute is an ideologically conservative American nonprofit education policy think tank with offices in Washington , D.C. , Columbus , Ohio , and Dayton , Ohio .
ThermoSpas , Inc. is an American brand of hot tubs , headquartered in Wallingford , Connecticut .
The Taiwan Cooperative Bank ( TCB ; Chinese : 合作金庫銀行 ; pinyin : Hézuò Jīnkù Yínháng ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Ha̍p - chok - gîn - khò͘-gîn - hâng ) is a publicly listed bank headquartered in Taipei City , Taiwan .
EDP Renováveis ( English : EDP Renewables , EDPR ) is a leading renewable energy company registered in Oviedo and headquartered in Madrid that designs , develops , manages and operates power plants that generate electricity using renewable energy sources .
Arc @ UNSW Limited is the student organisation at the University of New South Wales ( UNSW ) and is a not - for - profit public company based in Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Pikolin is a Spanish mattress manufacturer headquartered in Zaragoza .
Cox & King were a British firm based in London in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
Hansa - Flex is a German industrial company in the fluid technology sector with its headquarters in Bremen and specialises in the development and manufacture of hydraulics components and the associated services .
Global Load Control is a subsidiary company of the Lufthansa Group , and was established in Cape Town , South Africa in 2004 .
Armadillo Aerospace was an aerospace startup company based in Mesquite , Texas .
The Wine Group is an American alcoholic - beverage company founded in 1981 and based in Livermore , California .
Hormuud Telecom Somalia Inc. is a privately held telecommunications company based in Mogadishu , Somalia .
Cotton On was founded in 1991 , with the first store being opened in Geelong , Australia .
AGH University of Science and Technology ( Polish Akademia Górniczo - Hutnicza i m . Stanisława Staszica ) is the technical university in Poland , located in Kraków .
Red Touch Media currently has operations in Salt Lake City , London , Liverpool , Cape Town , New York and Los Angeles .
Komercijalna banka ( full legal name : Komercijalna banka a.d . Beograd ) is a bank founded in 1970 with headquarters in Belgrade , Serbia .
Brixton plc was a British - based property business headquartered in London .
NAVV is an on - board turn - by - turn navigation application for the iPhone produced by Amsterdam company Appstores B.V in 2010 .
Mapletree Investments Pte Ltd ( Chinese : 丰树产业私人有限公司 ) is a leading real estate development , investment and capital management company headquartered in Singapore .
BookThug is a literary press in Toronto , founded in 2003 , which concentrates on experimental poetry .
Automic has locations in Vienna , Paris , and Bellevue , Washington , with satellite offices in Australia , Montreal , Dubai , Germany , Hanoi , Hong Kong , London , Singapore , Switzerland , and additional U.S. locations .
Canada Car Company was a railcar manufacturer based in Turcot , Quebec ( a suburb in Montreal ) , and later merged with several other companies to form Canadian Car and Foundry in 1909 .
X - Yachts was founded by brothers Niels and Lars Jeppesen with Birger Hansen , in Haderslev , Denmark .
Telescene was a Canadian television production company based in Montreal , which closed down in 2001 .
On 25 June 2012 , Haryana State Industries and Infrastructure Development Corporation demanded Maruti Suzuki to pay an additional Rs 235 crore for enhanced land acquisition for its Haryana plant expansion .
Esurance , which is based out of San Francisco , had by that time expanded to offering policies in 24 states , but had also just laid off staff and was actively soliciting a purchaser .
On January 31 , 2013 , an explosion occurred at the administrative offices of Pemex in Mexico City .
Mastretta Cars is a Mexican car maker and design studio established by industrial designer Daniel Mastretta in Mexico City in 1987 .
TST Overland Express is a less than truckload carrier ( LTL ) located in Mississauga , Ontario , Canada .
BOXX Technologies has been located in Austin , Texas since 1998 .
Jabiru Aircraft Pty Ltd is an Australian aircraft manufacturer that produces a range of kit- and ready - built civil light aircraft in Bundaberg , Queensland .
Joplings was a department store , located in Sunderland , England , which was part of the former Vergo Retail Ltd. group of department stores .
Bradco Supply was founded in 1966 by Barry Segal , with a single warehouse in Avenel , New Jersey .
The International Day of Pink is run by youth volunteers from Jer 's Vision , in Ottawa , Canada .
The Kellett Autogiro Corporation was an American aircraft manufacturer from 1929 based in Philadelphia , named after founder W. Wallace Kellett ( 1891 ; July 23 , 1951 ) .
Skidmore Studio is a multi - disciplinary design studio headquartered in Detroit , Michigan .
VSI Translation & Subtitling BV ( a.k.a . VSI Amsterdam ) is a provider of subtitle captioning , voice - over , translation and post - production services within the broadcast and corporate communications industries .
Founded in 2008 and headquartered in Boston , Massachusetts , XebiaLabs was originally backed by Xebia , an international IT conglomerate based in the Netherlands .
Analog Devices , Inc. , also known as ADI or Analog , is an American multinational semiconductor company specializing in data conversion and signal processing technology , headquartered in Norwood , Massachusetts .
Saint - Gobain S.A. is a French multinational corporation , founded in 1665 in Paris and headquartered on the outskirts of Paris , at La Défense and in Courbevoie .
The next addition was Quebec based The Solidarity followed by 87-year - old Seaboard life Insurance of Vancouver ( eventually became Industrial Alliance Pacific ) .
Orbea is a bicycle manufacturer in Mallabia , Basque Country .
Airport Freight Forwarding Centre ( AFFC ) ( Chinese : 機場空運中心 ) is the leading warehouse service provider in Hong Kong and the only warehousing and office facility at the Hong Kong International Airport in Chek Lap Kok , New Territories , Hong Kong .
Richwood Area Community Hospital is a former hospital located in Richwood , West Virginia .
Brennan Motor Manufacturing Company ( 1897 - -1972 ) of Syracuse , New York was an early manufacturer of automobile engines .
Enercon GmbH , based in Aurich , Lower Saxony , Germany , is the fourth - largest wind turbine manufacturer in the world and has been the market leader in Germany since the mid - nineties .
Almirall , S.A. ( Ticker Bolsa de Madrid : ALM ) is a pharmaceutical company , with headquarters in Barcelona , founded in 1943 and dedicated to providing medicines through its own R+D , agreements and alliances .
Selling Energy 's headquarters are in the SOMA district of San Francisco , California .
The Regional Development Fund was headquartered in Oslo .
Olympian Publishing is a publishing house with offices in Chicago , IL , USA .
The network is headquartered in the Comcast Building ( formerly known as the GE Building ) at Rockefeller Center in New York City , with additional major offices near Los Angeles ( at Universal City Plaza ) , Chicago ( at the NBC Tower ) and soon in Philadelphia at Comcast Innovation and Technology Center .
A&B Sound was a Canadian home electronics retailer based in Richmond , British Columbia .
Jimmyjane is a privately held company in San Francisco , California that produces high - end , design - oriented sexual accessories including vibrators and sex toys .
West Channel is a Greek local channel which broadcasts from the city of Kozani for the periphery of West Macedonia .
New Dragon Asia 's head office is in Longkou , Shandong Province , China with a corporate office in Shenzhen , Guangdong Province .
Indiabulls is an Indian group with its Headquarters in Gurgaon and Corporate Office in Mumbai .
SBB Cargo International is a rail transport business founded as a joint venture between SBB Cargo and Hupac The headquarters will be at Olten .
Menlo Ventures is a venture capital firm located at 2884 Sand Hill Road in Menlo Park , California .
Dolphin Air was a charter airline based in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Media Vision was an American electronics manufacturer of primarily computer sound cards and CD - ROM kits , operating from 1990 to approximately 1995 in Fremont , California .
BMW Brilliance ( officially BMW Brilliance Automotive Ltd. ) is an automobile manufacturing company headquartered in Shenyang , China and a joint venture between BMW and Brilliance Auto . Its principal activity is the production , distribution and sale of BMW passenger cars in mainland China .
Centrica plc is a British multinational utility company with its headquarters in Windsor , Berkshire .
Northumberland Brewery is a small brewery which was located in Bomarsund , near Bedlington in Northumberland , England .
ViiV Healthcare 's headquarters are in Brentford in the United Kingdom and it has sites in a number of other countries including ; the United States , Australia , Belgium , Canada , France , Germany , Italy , Japan , Mexico , the Netherlands , Portugal , Puerto Rico , Russia , Spain and Switzerland .
With its main offices in Austevoll , DOF ASA is the holding company for DOF Subsea AS in Norway and NorSkan Offshore Ltda in Brazil .
The Daimler Company Limited , until 1910 The Daimler Motor Company Limited , was an independent British motor vehicle manufacturer founded in London by H. J. Lawson in 1896 , which set up its manufacturing base in Coventry .
Sanctuary Records Group Limited is a record label based in the United Kingdom and a subsidiary of BMG Rights Management .
The company was founded in Geneva by Philippe Charriol , a French entrepreneur .
Teufel Nursery is a family - owned landscaping company based in Hillsboro , Oregon , United States .
L.K.Bennett is an international luxury fashion brand , based in London , England .
BBA Aviation plc is a British multinational aviation services company headquartered in London , United Kingdom .
Valve Corporation ( also known as Valve Software , commonly referred to as Valve ) is an American video game developer and digital distribution company headquartered in Bellevue , Washington , United States .
Since 1987 , Alm . Brand has been based in Company House on Middle Pier in the Southern Freeport area of Copenhagen .
Léon Bollée Automobiles was a French company founded by Léon Bollée in Le Mans to build a first vehicle called `` Voiturette '' .
Flying Bison Brewing Company is a brewery in Buffalo , New York , USA , in the city 's Riverside neighborhood .
In 1957 Rotork moved to Bath , initially operating from Widcombe Manor , Jeremy Fry 's home , with 12 staff .
Chemical Diversity ( ChemDiv ) is a contract research organization headquartered in San Diego , California , with subsidiaries in Russia and Ukraine .
Northpower Limited ( Northpower ) is an electricity distribution company , based in Whangarei , New Zealand .
The UK Holiday Group Ltd. or simply referred to as UKHG is a British privately owned package holiday company based in Norwich , United Kingdom specializing in holidays for elderly couples .
Premama , Inc. ( labeled Premama , formerly Priwater , Inc. ) is a producer of prenatal vitamin drink mixes , based in Providence , Rhode Island .
Julien 's Restorator ( ca.1793 - 1823 ) was a restaurant in Boston , Massachusetts , established by French - born Jean Baptiste Gilbert Payplat dis Julien .
Ulysse Nardin is a luxury Swiss watch manufacturer founded in 1846 in Le Locle , Switzerland , which has remained in continuous production since .
Mercedes - Benz U.S. International ( MBUSI ) is a Mercedes - Benz automobile manufacturing plant near Vance , Alabama .
Founded in 2003 , InvenSense is headquartered in San Jose , California with offices in Wilmington , Massachusetts , China , Korea , Japan , Slovakia and Taiwan .
Pamir Airways was a privately owned airline headquartered in Kabul , Afghanistan , operating scheduled passenger flights out of Kabul International Airport .
TopCashBack is a cashback website based in the UK , with offices in Stafford ( Staffordshire ) , Bolton ( Greater Manchester ) and Charing Cross ( London ) , as well as international offices in New Jersey ( U.S. ) and Bangalore ( India ) .
TriWest Healthcare Alliance is a Phoenix , Arizona based corporation that manages health benefits under the United States Department of Veterans Affairs ( VA ) VAPCCC program in Regions 3 , 5 , and 6 .
Rotor Flight Dynamics Inc is an American aircraft manufacturer based in Wimauma , Florida and owned by Ernie Boyette .
Klaipėdos Nafta is an operator of the Klaipėda Oil Terminal based in Klaipėda , Lithuania .
Clarius Entertainment is an American entertainment film distribution company headquartered in Los Angeles .
Interstate General Media , LLC is a Philadelphia , Pennsylvania based company founded in 2012 that operates newspapers and online news sources that it owns .
Bookmans stores are located in Tucson , Mesa , Phoenix and Flagstaff .
VideoGamer.com ( formerly known as Pro - G ) is a London - based website focused on video game news , reviews , previews and videos .
Siemens Financial Services GmbH is a subsidiary of Siemens AG . The company 's global headquarters is in Munich , Germany .
Sangikyo Corporation has many branches aside from their main headquarters located in Yokohama , Japan .
A4Tech Co. , Ltd. is a Taiwanese computer hardware and electronics company headquartered in Taipei , Taiwan .
Indesit Company ( /ˈɪndɪsɪt/ ; Italian pronunciation : ( ˈindezit ) ) is an Italian company based in Fabriano , Ancona province .
Founded in 1866 , in San Francisco , California , the Pacific Rolling Mill Company was the West 's first iron and steel producing foundry .
Crossword Bookstores Ltd. is a chain of bookstores in India based in Mumbai .
Vox Lumiere is a Los Angeles - based theater / concert production and company .
Adeptus Health Inc. is a health care provider based in Lewisville .
Wuzhoulong Motors is a bus and coaches manufacturer in Shenzhen , China .
The name of the bank was changed to Syndicate Bank Limited in 1964 and the head office of the bank was shifted to Manipal .
GRGDN is a Turkish music production and artist management company as well as a record label based in Istanbul .
Alex and Ani is an American retailer and producer of jewelry located in Cranston , Rhode Island .
Birkenstock Orthopädie GmbH & Co. KG is a shoe manufacturer headquartered in Neustadt ( Wied ) , Germany .
Legally , Rosbank is registered as an public joint - stock company ( PJSC ) and headquartered in Moscow .
Benefis Health System is a nonprofit independent health care system based in the city of Great Falls in the state of Montana in the United States .
In 1989 PPU Software A / S defined a new strategy based on a new base technology , which was encapsulated in a subsidiary called PPU Maconomy A / S. The Maconomy headquarters were located in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Jet Asia Airways ( Thai : สายการบินเจ็ทเอเซีย ) is a Thai airline based out of Suvarnabhumi International Airport in Bangkok , Thailand .
AS220 is a non - profit community arts center located in Downtown , Providence , Rhode Island , United States .
The Umma Islamic Party is a political party in Saudi Arabia that was formed on 10 February 2011 in response to the Arab Spring .
DataViz , Inc. is a software company located in Milford , Connecticut .
BofI Federal Bank is an American financial institution headquartered in San Diego , California .
The Holt Manufacturing Company traces its roots to the 1883 founding of Stockton Wheel Service in Stockton , California , United States .
Mieschke Hofmann und Partner GmbH ( MHP ) is a global consultancy based in Ludwigsburg , Germany , specializing in IT and process consulting in the automotive and manufacturing sectors .
Treasury Holdings was formed in 1989 with its first serious development being the Treasury Building on Grand Canal Street on Dublin 's southside .
KHS Bicycles , Inc. of Los Angeles , California is the designer and U.S. distributor of KHS Bicycles , Manhattan Cruisers and Free Agent BMX Bicycles .
The Cosmos Hotel Moscow is located in north - central Moscow in a green zone on one of the city 's major streets , Mira Avenue , 20 minutes drive from the city centre .
The Associated Press ( AP ) is an American multinational nonprofit news agency headquartered in New York City .
American Standard Brands is a North American manufacturer of plumbing fixtures , sold under the American Standard , Crane , Fiat , Sanymetal , and Showerite , based in Piscataway , New Jersey , United States .
Hansa Records ( also known as Hansa , Hansa Musik Produktion or Hansa International ) was a record label founded in the 1960s based in Berlin , Germany .
Choices Markets is a Vancouver - based supermarket chain that is focused on natural and organic food .
Bearno 's Pizza is a pizza franchise based in Louisville , Kentucky with about 14 locations in Kentucky and Indiana .
JamiQ Private Limited is a Singapore - based social media monitoring company .
Elcom Technology Pty Ltd is a privately held software company based in Sydney , Australia .
In May 2007 , J. Press moved to 380 Madison Avenue in New York City , which closed indefinitely in 2014 .
Paul Teufel & Cie Photogerätebau is a Trading company for photographic and optical equipment and until the 1980s manufacturer of enlargers and photo lab requirement in Stuttgart , Germany .
PT . Krakatau Wajatama ( English : Krakatau Wajatama Company Limited ) is a company which produce Bars and Sections steel company based in Cilegon , Banten .
The Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers ( CAPP ) , with its head office in Calgary , Alberta , is an influential lobby group that represents the upstream Canadian oil and natural gas industry .
Noxxon Pharma AG is a small - to - medium - sized company founded in year 1997 in Berlin , Germany and since then is headquartered there .
Virtual Reality & Multi Media Park is an Italian company based in the former film studios Fert in Turin , Italy .
Notcutts was founded in Woodbridge , Suffolk , in 1897 , and remains a family - owned business .
Booz Allen Hamilton Inc. ( /ˈbuːz ˈælən ˈhæməltən/ , informally : Booz Allen ) is an American management consulting firm headquartered in Tysons Corner , Virginia , in Greater Washington DC , with 80 other offices throughout the United States .
The Eppley Hotel Company was located in Omaha , Nebraska .
Portalarium , Inc. is a video game developer based in Austin , Texas that was formed in September 2009 .
C3 Presents is a concert promotion , event production and artist management company based out of Austin , Texas .
In a December 2009 letter to their customers , Florida Tile announced that its headquarters would be relocating to Lexington , Kentucky sometime in 2010 .
Intratec was a firearm company based in Miami , Florida .
SportA is located in Maxvorstadt , Munich , Bavaria , Germany .
Projet Montréal is a municipal political party in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Pixetell was the flagship product of Ontier , a company established in Portland , Oregon in 2008 , and acquired in 2011 .
Dardanel is a Turkish food pacakger based in the town of Çanakkale , Turkey , on the Dardanelles strait .
The Big Sandy Area Development District office is located at 110 Resource Court in Prestonsburg , Kentucky .
Brilliance Auto Group ( officially HuaChen Group Auto Holding Co. , Ltd. ) is a Chinese automobile manufacturer headquartered in Shenyang , Liaoning , China .
Bürgerliches Brauhaus München Public Limited Company was a nineteenth - century large - scale brewery in Munich .
Cargolink has a fleet of five shunters at their port in Drammen , in addition to three Di 6 diesel locomotives and three TRAXX electric locomotives for main haulage .
The Probinsya Muna Development Initiative is a provincial political party in the Philippines based in Cebu .
Mitchell International , Inc. is a Privately held company software service provider founded in 1946 and based in San Diego , California .
Hutton Companies is one of Southern California 's leading real estate developers , based in Orange County , California , United States .
Porsche Design Group ( Porsche Lizenz- und Handelsgesellschaft mbH & Co. KG ) , based in Ludwigsburg , Germany , was founded in November 2003 as a majority - owned subsidiary of Porsche AG to combine Porsche AG 's and Porsche Design Group 's accessories and licensing business into one single company .
The Brick House ( also known as The Brycc House ) is a community center in Louisville , Kentucky that was inspired by and modeled upon ABC No Rio in New York City .
Alcatel - Lucent S.A. ( French pronunciation : ​(alkatɛl lysɛnt ) ) was a French global telecommunications equipment company , headquartered in Boulogne - Billancourt , France .
The history of Van Lanschot Bankiers dates back to 1737 , when Cornelis van Lanschot founded a trading house in ' s - Hertogenbosch .
Energiselskapet Buskerud , branded as EB is a power company based in Drammen , Norway .
Lionel , LLC is an American designer and importer of toy trains and model railroads that is based in Concord , North Carolina .
Headquartered in Washington , D.C. , BGR Capital & Trade has an office in London 's West End as well as affiliates in Europe , Asia , and the Middle East .
Falck Group is an Italian company located in Sesto San Giovanni .
Hansard Global plc is a financial services business operating out of the Isle of Man .
Levitt Bernstein is an architecture , landscape architecture and urban design practice established in 1968 by David Levitt and David Bernstein with studios in London and Manchester .
The first Versace boutique was opened in Milan 's Via della Spiga in 1978 .
The Centre for Social Innovation is a social enterprise based in Toronto , Canada , that specializes in the creation of shared workspaces for people or organizations with a social mission .
LizardTech is a geospatial software company headquartered in Seattle , Washington , notable for transferring the wavelet - based MrSID image encoding and viewing technology from initial development by the U.S. government to the geospatial market .
Headquartered in Bern , The Swiss Broadcasting Corporation is a non - profit organisation , funded mainly through radio and television licence fees ( 70 % ) and making the remaining income from advertising and sponsorship .
Temenos Group AG ( SWX : TEMN ) is a company specialising in software for financial services , with its headquarters in Geneva , Switzerland .
The OSTC Group , or OSTC Limited , is a proprietary trading and electronic market making firm based in London , United Kingdom .
The Park Hotels is a collection of contemporary luxury five - star boutique hotels in India belonging to the Apeejay Surrendra Group , headquartered in Kolkata , West Bengal , India .
Aculab 's international headquarters and R&D facilities are located in Milton Keynes , UK , with important branch offices in Norwood , Massachusetts , USA and Munich , Germany .
Pacific Coast Feather Company is a Seattle - based manufacturer of basic bedding including pillows , comforters , sheets , and featherbeds .
Mythic Entertainment ( which has also been known as BioWare Mythic , EA Mythic , Inc. and Interworld Productions ) was a video game developer in Fairfax , Virginia that was most widely recognized for developing the 2001 massively multiplayer online role - playing game Dark Age of Camelot .
Ridley 's Family Markets is a family - owned chain of grocery stores based in Jerome , Idaho .
The Groupe Latécoère is an aircraft company based in Toulouse , France .
PPHU Ekolot is a Polish aircraft manufacturer based in Korczyna , Podkarpackie Voivodeship , with its factory in Krosno .
IE Business School is a graduate school located in Madrid , Spain .
Opengear is a global computer network technology company headquartered in Sandy , UT , U.S. , with R&D operations in Brisbane , Qld , Australia .
Brugal has three distilleries , one in Puerto Plata and two in San Pedro de Macorís .
ItsOn is an American telecommunications company based in Redwood City , California that develops cloud - based solutions for enhancing the performance of mobile networks .
PZL ( Państwowe Zakłady Lotnicze - State Aviation Works ) was the main Polish aerospace manufacturer of the interwar period , based in Warsaw , functioning in 1928 - 1939 .
Phillips Cycles Ltd. was a British bicycle manufacturer based in Smethwick near Birmingham , England .
Acme Mills Company is a privately held textiles conversion and finishing company based in Bloomfield Hills , Michigan .
Sany ( officially Sany Heavy Industry Co. , Ltd. ) ( SSE : 600031 ) is a Chinese multinational heavy machinery manufacturing company headquartered in Changsha , Hunan Province .
Carlson Rezidor Hotel Group is one of the world 's largest hotel groups , with headquarters in Minneapolis and Brussels , Belgium .
Located in Columbus , Ohio , the Dave Thomas Foundation for Adoption is a national nonprofit public charity dedicated to dramatically increasing the adoptions of the more than 134,000 children waiting in North America 's foster care systems .
E - Z Moving is a moving company located at Salt Lake City known for taking on outsourced relocation hassles such as moving furniture , appliances etc .
Eagle Insurance is a vehicle insurance agency based in Chicago , Illinois , which has been serving residents of the metropolitan area since 1961 .
Speedo International Ltd. is a manufacturer and distributor of swimwear and swim - related accessories based in Nottingham , UK .
SSE plc ( formerly Scottish and Southern Energy plc ) is a British energy company headquartered in Perth , Scotland .
Forum Snowboarding is a line of snowboards created by Four Star Distribution and pro snowboarder Peter Line in Irvine , California in 1996 .
Bell Pottinger Private ( legally BPP Communications Ltd. ; informally Bell Pottinger ) is a British multinational public relations and marketing company headquartered in London , United Kingdom .
Camille 's Sidewalk Cafe is a restaurant franchise headquartered in Tulsa , Oklahoma , specializing in healthful , `` fast casual '' cuisine .
Revillon Frères ( Revillon Brothers ) was a French fur and luxury goods company , founded in Paris in 1723 .
Klein Modellbahn was an Austrian model railway manufacturer , founded in 1984 in Vienna , where they are currently based .
Scan - Optics LLC , founded in 1968 , is an enterprise content management services company and optical character recognition and image scanner manufacturer headquartered in Manchester , Connecticut , USA .
Localiza is a Brazilian car rental company founded in 1973 in Belo Horizonte and is the biggest car rental in Latin América and one of the largest in the world .
Dr. H. Oidtmann GmbH is a Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung based in Linnich , Germany .
Nemesis Rail is a railway maintenance and spot - hire company , based in the former British Railways wagon works on Derby Road , Burton upon Trent , England .
SkySails GmbH & Co. KG is a Hamburg - based company that sells equipment to propel cargo ships , large yachts and fishing vessels by the use of wind energy .
River Media is based in Letterkenny , Donegal but it also has offices in Derry City , Dungiven , Buncrana , Donegal Town and Kildare .
INK Entertainment is a hospitality and entertainment company headquartered in Toronto that maintains various properties ; mostly nightclubs and restaurants , as well as a country club , two annual music festivals , two talent agencies , and a hotel currently under construction .
DataMirror Corporation , founded in 1993 , is a computer software company based in Markham , Ontario , Canada with offices in several countries .
Annalee Dolls , Inc. , also known as Annalee Mobilitee Dolls Inc. , and AMD Holdings Inc. , is a company located in Meredith , New Hampshire , that manufactures collectible dolls .
Primo Smallgoods , based in Chullora in Western Sydney , Australia , is the largest producer of ham , bacon and smallgoods in the Southern Hemisphere .
The central Univé organization consists of two large insurance companies , namely a life insurer , based in Assen and a health insurer in Alkmaar .
The Revoz factory is located in Novo Mesto , covering 584,000 square meters .
Telit Communications PLC is a global provider of wireless machine to machine ( M2 M ) technology and value - added services including connectivity cloud and PaaS Application Enablement Services headquartered in London , UK .
Doublesix is a subsidiary of Kuju Entertainment based in Guildford that develops video games for the digital download market .
Tribal Sports Management ( TSM ) was founded in Melbourne by Lou Sticca in 2000 , to represent professional footballers in contract negotiations and career pathways .
The label was purchased by a joint US venture in New York City , Coogi Partners LLC , in 2002 , and the brand grew from its core sweater line to a full apparel line , featuring patterns and designs reflective of the signature sweaters .
Established in 1998 , Altiris is headquartered in Lindon , Utah , United States .
In actuality , the movie car is a fiberglass replica of a 1936 C-28 Avions Voisin with a 4.2 Jaguar engine and Rover automatic gear box on a 4WD chassis built by D Tessier ( a well known restorer of Avions Voisin automobiles ) in Tours , France .
PlayNation is an online video game developer , headquartered in Carlsbad , California , United States , and founded in 1997 .
BusinesSuites , LP is a provider of serviced offices and virtual offices based in Austin , Texas .
ScienceLogic was founded in Reston , Virginia , in 2003 .
Brit + Co is a San Francisco - based company known for its DIY online media and e - commerce platform aimed at women and girls .
NASCAR Mexico had been responsible for the organization of the Corona México 200 , a former NASCAR Nationwide Series race at the Autodromo Hermanos Rodriguez in Mexico City .
The Spanish Ornithological Society ( Sociedad Española de Ornitología , SEO / BirdLife ) is Spain 's main bird conservation charity .
RainStor is headquartered in San Francisco , California , United States with offices in Gloucester , United Kingdom and New York .
Dixie - Narco is a major manufacturer of soda vending machines located in Williston , South Carolina .
DAR Motion Pictures ( DAR ) , a wholly owned subsidiary of DAR Capital Group , is an Indian film production and distribution company headquartered out of Mumbai .
CAL Park is the headquarters of China Airlines Group .
Birmingham , UK Aero Engine Controls has two combined manufacturing and engineering sites in Birmingham , between them they have ~1100 employees .
Rochester Midland Corporation is a closely - held specialty chemical manufacturing company headquartered in Ogden , New York .
Panellinios B.C. ( Greek : Πανελλήνιος K.A.E. ) or Panellinios Basket , is a professional basketball club that is located in Athens , Greece .
EFI Technology Inc. founded by Graham Western in October 1988 is an independent high - performance automotive electronics engineering company based in Torrance , California .
In 1967 the company changed its name to Motori Minarelli and opened a new plant in Calderara di Reno .
Convergys Corporation is a corporation based in Cincinnati , Ohio , that sells customer management and information management products , primarily to large corporations .
Cannon Trading Company , Inc. is a licensed futures , commodities and Forex Brokerage firm . It is an independent Introducing Broker based in Beverly Hills , California .
Vintage Real Estate ( VRE ) is a private investment firm founded by Fred Sands and is headquartered in Los Angeles , California .
Load Records is an American noise / experimental independent record label based out of Providence , Rhode Island .
Vignoble Carone Wines is a Canadian winery located in the region of Lanaudière in Quebec , Canada , situated immediately to the northeast of Montreal .
Unbound Creative , Inc. is a company based in Universal City , California that develops content for various forms of media , including television , theaters , the internet , mobile devices , and video games .
UST Global is a multinational provider of IT services and solutions , headquartered in Aliso Viejo , California , USA .
99designs is an online graphic design marketplace headquartered in San Francisco with offices in Melbourne , Berlin , Paris , London and Rio de Janeiro .
In Germany Epcos has production location in Heidenheim ( capacitors , inductors and ferrites ) , Berlin ( sensors ) , and Munich ( SAW components ) .
Hi - Rez Studios is an independent , privately held video - game developer based in Alpharetta , Georgia , United States .
Henkell & Co. Sektkellerei KG is a German producer of Sekt ( German quality sparkling wine ) , wine and spirits based in Wiesbaden .
The Montana Power Company ( MPC ) was an electric utility company based in Butte , Montana which provided electricity to Montana consumers and industry from 1912 to 1997 .
GAZ or Gorkovsky Avtomobilny Zavod ( Russia , Nizhny Novgorod ) , translated as Gorky Automobile Plant ( Russian : ГАЗ or Го́рьковский автомоби́льный заво́д ) , started in 1932 as NAZ , a cooperative enterprise between Ford and the Soviet Union , as a result of a Five year plan .
Fontana North won the Independent Distributor of the Year award six years in a row ( 2008 - 2013 ) at the Canadian Music Industry Awards , held annually in Toronto as part of Canadian Music Week .
Phase 4 Films is a Canadian film distribution company based in Toronto .
College Football News ( CFN ) is a magazine and website published by College Football News , Inc. , headquartered in Chicago , Illinois .
Sky Electronics is a mobile phone manufacturer headquartered in Seoul , Korea .
In 2010 , Ushahidi collaborated with the Hivos Foundation , the Constitution & Reform Education Consortium ( CRECO ) , the Canadian International Development Agency ( CIDA ) and SODNET to create the Uchaguzi - Kenya election incidence reporting platform that is closely based on the Ushahidi crowd sourcing software .
Church House Investments Limited is a private British investment management company based in Sherborne , United Kingdom .
Secretly Canadian is an American independent record label based in Bloomington , Indiana with offices in Brooklyn , London , Austin , Los Angeles and Paris .
Praga Tools Limited was established in May , 1943 as Praga Tools Corporation Limited to manufacture machine tools with its headquarters at Kavadiguda , Secunderabad , India .
Metronom Eisenbahngesellschaft mbH is a German non - state - owned railway company based in Uelzen , Lower Saxony since December 2005 .
The Automatt was a sound recording studio in San Francisco , California , promoted for its early mix automation system .
Sunstorm Interactive is an Indianapolis - based video game developer founded in 1995 by Anthony Campiti , which specialized in hunting simulators and first - person shooters .
The World Wrestling League ( WWL ) or Liga Mundial de Lucha Libre was a wrestling promotion based out of San Juan , Puerto Rico .
In 2011 UMH group initiated carrying out of the 64th World Newspaper Congress in Kiev .
Synapse Product Development is a new product development ( NPD ) , product design , and technology development consultancy company headquartered in Seattle , Washington , USA , with offices in San Francisco , California and Hong Kong .
Emotion Production ( full legal name : Preduzeće za konsalting , proizvodnju radio i televizijskih programa i usluge reklame i propagande Emotion Production d.o.o . Beograd ) is a Serbian media company based in Belgrade municipality of Stari Grad and registered as a limited liability company .
Student Sponsor Partners is a nonprofit organization based in New York City founded by Peter Flanigan in 1986 .
Bain Capital is headquartered at the John Hancock Tower in Boston , Massachusetts with additional offices in New York City , Chicago , Palo Alto , San Francisco , Dublin , London , Luxembourg , Munich , Hong Kong , Shanghai , Mumbai , Tokyo and Melbourne .
Raging Stallion Studios based in San Francisco , California , is a major adult film studio and one of the world 's largest producers of gay pornography .
Kyochon has its head office in Osan , Gyeongi - do .
Columbia Motors was a Detroit , Michigan , United States based automobile manufacturer that produced automobiles from 1916 to 1924 .
Poplar HARCA ( Housing and Regeneration Community Association ) is a housing association in the East End of London , England .
BMC Switzerland AG ( abbreviation of `` Bicycle Manufacturing Company '' ) is a bicycle and cycling product manufacturer based in Grenchen , Switzerland .
Procera Networks is a networking equipment company based in Fremont , California , United States , that designs and sells deep packet inspection ( DPI ) , policy charging and rules function , data analytics and reporting hardware , software and services .
Baycomms Broadcasting Corporation was a radio network based in Olongapo City notable for its array of Bay Radio stations in the key cities and towns in the Philippines .
In 2001 Stage Entertainment 's German subsidiary took over part of the insolvent Stella AG , acquiring in the process many of Stella 's productions and theatres , including two Hamburg theatres : the Theater i m Hafen and the Neue Flora .
Sitrion ( formerly NewsGator Technologies ) is a multinational software company headquartered in Denver , Colorado .
ALTEN 's stock is listed in compartment B of the Euronext Paris market ( ISIN FR0000071946 ) ; it is part of the SBF 120 , the IT CAC 50 index and MIDCAP 100 , and is eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service ( SRD ) .
Pacific Aerospace Ltd ( PAL ) is an aircraft manufacturing company based in Hamilton , New Zealand .
Baja Fresh is a chain of fast - casual Tex Mex restaurants founded in Newbury Park , California in 1990 and headquartered in Irvine , California .
A Better Badge ( formerly Better Badges ) was a London button - badge manufacturer , started in 1976 by Joly MacFie .
The Derways Automobile Company ( ООО Автомобильная компания ДЕРВЕЙС ) is a Russian automaker located in Cherkessk .
Blacklane GmbH is a startup company based in Berlin which provides a chauffeur portal connecting people to professional chauffeurs via their mobile app , website and hotline .
United States Commodity Funds LLC ( USCF ) is a US company based in Alameda , CA , specializing in managing exchange - traded commodity funds , which are often referred to as commodity - based exchange - traded funds ( ETFs ) .
IndyMac Bancorp , a holding company headquartered in Pasadena , California , eventually acquired :
UNFD ( pronounced as an initialism or as unified ( /ˈjuːnɪfaɪd/ ) ) is a rock music record label based in Melbourne Australia that formed from the then merging of Boomtown Records and Staple Management .
On 1 January 1999 , Landesbank Baden - Württemberg ( LBBW ) was formed through the merger of SüdwestLB , Landesgirokasse , and the commercial banking business of L - Bank .
Coop Norden was dissolved in 2008 and Coop NKL resumed control of its outlets in Norway as Coop Norge .
Sinn Féin was founded on 28 November 1905 , when , at the first annual Convention of the National Council , Arthur Griffith outlined the Sinn Féin policy , `` to establish in Ireland 's capital a national legislature endowed with the moral authority of the Irish nation '' .
The Cross of Independence was established with a decree of the President of Poland of 29 October 1930 .
Revolutionary United Front ( RUF ) was a rebel army that fought a failed nine - year war in Sierra Leone , starting in 1991 and ending in 2000 .
Dolores Delirio is a Peruvian rock band formed in 1994 by guitarist Jeffrey Parra , drummer / lyricist Josué Vásquez , bassist / keyboardist Jose Inoñan , and vocalist Ricardo Brenneisen .
Miss Universe Slovenskej Republiky ( English : Miss Universe Slovak Republic ) or Miss Slovak Republic , is an annual beauty pageant held in Slovak Republic to select the country 's representative to the Miss Universe pageant since 1994 .
The Gamaliel Foundation was founded in Chicago in 1968 to assist the Contract Buyers League , which worked to assist African - American home buyers in the city 's West Side .
Gene F. Haas founded Haas Automation in 1983 to manufacture machine tool accessory tooling .
Consilience Wines is a family - owned winery located in Los Olivos California and was established in 1994 .
Virtutech was founded in 1998 as a spin - off from the Swedish Institute of Computer Science ( SICS ) , in Stockholm , Sweden .
Liberating the NHS published in July 2010 then suggested a role for a Centre for Workforce Intelligence which would `` act as a consistent source of information and analysis , informing and informed by all levels of the system '' .
The Tiger Lillies are a cult British musical trio formed in 1989 by singer - songwriter Martyn Jacques .
The Bibliotheca Philosophica Hermetica was founded in 1984 by Joost Ritman and is not linked to any public organisation or library .
Krøyt ( established 1993 in Trondheim , Norway ) is a Norwegian jazz band , known from several album releases .
The company released their trip planning and resource locator mobile app Trucker Path in early 2013 , followed in 2015 by Truckloads , an online marketplace specializing in connecting freight companies to users .
The UCL Prize Lecture in Clinical Science is a prize awarded annually by University College London since 1997 .
DD Kisan is an Indian agriculture 24-hour television channel , which is owned by Doordarshan and was launched on 26 May 2015 .
Knowledge Unlatched was established in September 2012 by publisher and social entrepreneur Frances Pinter .
Zoax were formed in 2013 with a line up consisting of Adam Carroll ( Time Is A Thief ) , Dan Prasad ( To Catch A Thief ) , Doug Wotherspoon ( Atlas & The Bowery ) , Joe Copcutt ( Rise To Remain & AxeWound ) & Jonathan Rogers ( Burn Down Rome & Air Castles ) .
Launched in 2005 as The Cracker Sydney Comedy Festival at a number of inner city venues , the Festival has grown quickly and now attracts 111,000 patrons every year at venues all across Sydney .
The International Economic Forum of the Americas was founded in 1995 , when Gil Remillard , a former Minister of Justice of Quebec , held an inaugural Conference of Montreal , on June 20 - -22 , 1995 .
Hilmer Motorsport is a German racing team established in 2013 by Franz Hilmer .
Dope House Records was founded in 1995 by Carlos Coy ( a.k.a . South Park Mexican ) who released his debut album Hillwood that same year .
The Swatantra Bharat Paksh ( Marathi : स्वतंत्र भारत पक्ष , translation : Independent India Party ; abbr . SBP ) is a liberal political party in Maharashtra , India , established in 1994 by Sharad Anantrao Joshi ( former Shetkari Sanghatana leader ) .
The Miss Earth Botswana is a beauty pageant that was first held in 2006 , with winner will be competing at the Miss Earth pageant .
Oxford Games Ltd , incorporated in 1991 , is an English board game company .
Sant Longowal Institute of Engineering and Technology ( SLIET ) , a deemed university , was established by the government of India in 1989 .
The Disaster and Emergency Management Presidency of Turkey(Turkish : Afet ve Acil Durum Yönetimi Başkanlığı , AFAD ) was established in 2009 to take necessary measures for effective emergency management and civil protection nationwide in Turkey .
Apprenda was founded in 2007 in Clifton Park , New York , by Matt Ammerman , Sinclair Schuller , and Abraham Sultan .
The ensemble was founded in 1996 as `` Karle Erickson 's Metropolitan Chorale '' , but changed its name to World Voices within one season .
The Black - Yellow Alliance ( German : Schwarz - Gelbe Allianz , SGA ) is a monarchist movement in Austria founded on 6 August 2004 .
Caedmon 's Call was formed in 1993 with six original members ( three of whom still remain ) , Cliff Young ( whose father and brother are highly successful pastors of megachurches ) , Danielle Glenn , Todd Bragg , Cari Harris , Doug Elmore , and Aaron Tate .
Columbia University originally founded the Academy of Political Science in 1880 to foster cooperation between Columbia University Law School and the Columbia University Graduate School of Political Science .
The Bukit Panjang LRT Line is a 7.8 km light rail line opened on 6 November 1999 and part of Singapore 's LRT system .
The New Zealand String Quartet ( est . 1987 ) is New Zealand 's only full - time string quartet .
Machine Project was founded by Mark Allen in 2004 and incorporated as a non - profit in 2005 .
However , the company that is known today as WMS Industries was formally founded in 1974 as Williams Electronics , Inc. In 2013 , it became a wholly owned subsidiary of Scientific Games .
Aveda ( pronounced ah - vay - da ) was founded by Horst Rechelbacher in 1978 .
Traditional Unionist Voice ( TUV ) is a unionist political party in Northern Ireland founded on 7 December 2007 , as an anti - St Andrews Agreement splinter group from the Democratic Unionist Party ( DUP ) .
Black Drawing Chalks is a Brazilian rock band from Goiânia , Goiás , Brazil , formed in 2005 , by a group of graphic design students .
The White Cliffs Countryside Partnership was established in 1989 , to help landowners care for the special coast and countryside of Dover and Shepway .
Linköping University was granted full university status in 1975 and is now one of Sweden 's larger academic institutions .
Econoline Crush is a Canadian rock band from Vancouver , Canada.formed in 1992 .
The Biofeedback Certification International Alliance ( formerly the Biofeedback Certification Institute of America ) was created in 1981 as a non - profit organization .
The Urban Folk Quartet ( commonly known as The UFQ or simply UFQ ) are a four - piece contemporary folk band launched in June 2009 .
Sonic Elements is a unique American Progressive rock project formed in Los Angeles , California , in 2011 .
Equity Bank , through its subsidiary Finserve Africa Limited , received its MVNO Licence on 11 April 2014 , along with Tangaza Money and Zioncell Kenya .
Using these tests and norms , Ronald Hoeflin founded the Prometheus Society in 1982 .
Proton Bank ( in Greek Proton Τράπεζα Α.Ε. ) was established in 2001 as Τράπεζα Επενδυτικών Δραστηριοτήτων Α.Ε. and officially commenced its operations as a specialised investment bank in 2002 .
Puerto Roc Records is an independent record label that was established in 2006 by founder and sole owner Jonathan `` DJ Primo '' Padilla .
Seaga Manufacturing , Inc. is a large privately owned United States based vending machine manufacturer founded in 1987 by current CEO Steven Chesney in Shannon , Illinois .
Continüm Comics was an American comic book publisher which operated between the years 1988 - -1994 .
Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design was formed in 1989 from the merger of the Central School of Art and Design , founded in 1896 , and Saint Martins School of Art , founded in 1854 .
Johnny Cupcakes , Inc. ( commonly known as Johnny Cupcakes ) is a clothing brand founded in 2001 by Johnny Earle .
The origin of the Maratón Alpino Madrileño goes back to 1997 , when Miguel Caselles , Victoria Sánchez and Juan Manuel Agejas thought about organizing a marathon covering the most significant areas of Sierra de Guadarrama .
A monarchy throughout most of its history , Nepal was ruled by the Shah dynasty of kings from 1768 - -when Prithvi Narayan Shah unified its many small kingdoms -- until 2008 .
Fenway Sports Management ( FSM ) is a company headquartered in Boston , Massachusetts established by Fenway Sports Group ( FSG ) in 2004 .
The Astrolabe Company ( German : Astrolabe - Compagnie ) was a German `` colonial society '' ( Kolonialgesellschaft ) in Kaiser - Wilhelmsland , which existed from 1891 to 1896 .
Luxbet was founded and officially launched by Tabcorp in September 2008 and commenced operations on 1 October 2008 .
The American Republican Party was a minor nativist political organization that was launched in New York in June 1843 , largely as a protest against immigrant voters and officeholders .
Slobberbone formed in early 1992 in Denton , Texas , where the band played for beer and had their first gig at the Park ' n ' Go , a beer store in Denton .
They moved to Brooklyn in 2010 , where they became Haerts and were joined by band members Garrett Ienner ( guitars ) and Derek McWilliams ( bass ) .
The Commission on the Powers and Electoral Arrangements of the National Assembly for Wales , known unofficially as The Richard Commission , was established in July 2002 by the First Minister of the National Assembly for Wales .
Swarathma was formed in 2002 in Mysore when vocalist and songwriter Vasu Dixit met Abhinanth Kumar on guitars with the objective of creating original music .
It was owned by Una Vez Mas Holdings , LLC . Around late 2009 , KTXD - LP ceased operations due to technical difficulties .
Young Guru Academy ( YGA ) Dream Partners Foundation is an international non - governmental organization ( NGO ) that works on socially responsible leadership , founded in 2002 by Young Business Guru of Turkey , Sinan Yaman .
Kosmikud are an Estonian alternative rock group founded in 1999 .
KIST - FM signed on in 1998 as KLDZ , a commercial oldies music radio station .
Battlelore are a Finnish heavy metal band from Lappeenranta , founded in 1999 by guitarist Jyri Vahvanen and bassist Miika Kokkola .
The Colorado Media School first opened in Colorado in 2001 .
Chemeq was founded by Dr Graham Melrose in 1989 after he developed a new type of antimicrobial polymer .
The Mental Disability Advocacy Center ( MDAC ) is an international human rights organisation founded in Hungary in 2002 .
From 1998 to 2010 , Wonderfest produced an annual science festival -- the first such community - wide event in the United States -- that presented a series of expert dialogues on topics of scientific controversy .
D.A.P./Distributed Art Publishers was founded in New York in 1990 ( and incorporated in 1992 ) by Sharon Helgason Gallagher ( B.A. , Yale University ; M.A. Columbia University ) , who had previously worked as rights director and managing editor at Abbeville Press .
In 1996 , Ataullah Mengal returned to Pakistan and formed the Balochistan National Party .
The Agence de l'innovation industrielle was a French governmental agency created in 2005 to support technological projects .
The Mississippi Braves first season began on April 18 , 2005 .
After making this change , Rocket Lawyer increased its annual revenue from $ 1 million in 2008 to $ 5 million in 2009 , and increased its monthly visitors from 150,000 to 900,000 over the same period .
Wilkins Farago is an independent Australian book publishing house founded in Melbourne in 1998 .
Named after former Prime Minister of India Indira Gandhi , the university was established in 1985 with a budget of ₹20 Million , when the Parliament of India passed the Indira Gandhi National Open University Act , 1985 ( IGNOU Act 1985 ) .
The Blue Bulls ( Blue Bulls Rugby Union ) or Blou Bulle ( Afrikaans ) was formed in 1938 as the Northern Transvaal Rugby Union ( N.T.R.U. ) .
On 29 October 1999 Blessed John Paul II established the Apostolic Vicariate of Trinidad from the suppressed Apostolic Vicariate of Casanare .
Toes in the Sand Recordings is a US - based record label founded by David Christopher ( aka Deviant ) and Amy Dana in 2004 .
Top Up TV was a pay TV service in the United Kingdom launched in March 2004 , operating on the digital terrestrial television platform .
The Census at Bethlehem ( also known as The Numbering at Bethlehem ) is an oil - on - panel by Flemish renaissance artist Pieter Bruegel the Elder , painted in 1566 .
Silver Griffin is an American band that was formed in 2005 by Liam McCormick , Greg Black , and Seabrien Arata .
Novembre ( English : November ) is an Italian metal band , formed in 1990 .
BIGGA , the British and International Golf Greenkeepers Association was officially formed on January 1 , 1987 .
Nihon Ishi Gakkai ( 日本医史学会 ) , Japanese Society for the History of Medicine , JSHM ) is a juridical corporation ( shadan hōjin ) established in 1892 by the physician Fujikawa Yū and several colleagues in order to promote the study , research and communication of the history of medicine and allied sciences in all of its aspects .
Garamba National Park , located in Orientale Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo in Africa , was established in 1938 .
Earthcore originated in 1992 , the first event being held in 1993 in Victoria .
RadioBDC officially launched on August 13 , 2012 at noon EST . The first song they played was `` I Want My City Back '' by Boston - native band The Mighty Mighty Bosstones , which was chosen in a poll by Boston.com readers after 3,700 votes .
The Mudbloods are an indie rock band formed in Austin , Texas in 2005 .
George Bush High School was established in 2001 in order to help educate the increasing population of Richmond , Texas .
When the master plan for Islamabad was drawn up in 1960 , Islamabad and Rawalpindi , along with the adjoining areas , was to be integrated to form a large metropolitan area called Islamabad / Rawalpindi Metropolitan Area .
Mojo Press is a now - defunct small press which primarily published science fiction , horror , and western books and graphic novels between 1994 and 1999 .
Thrill Jockey Records is an American independent record label established in 1992 in New York City by former Atlantic Records A&R representative Bettina Richards .
Kushtia Medical College ( Bengali : কুষ্টিয়া মেডিকেল কলেজ ) is a government medical school in Bangladesh , established in 2011 .
The Carpet One organization was the first business formed by CCA Global Partners , a cooperative incubator founded in 1984 .
Intelius , founded by former InfoSpace executives , was started in 2003 .
The Jean Ferré Prize ( French : Prix Jean - Ferré ) is a French literary prize founded in 1997 by the radio station Radio Courtoisie .
SLJB PG College ( Shri lalan ji bhrmhchari Post Graduate College , Hindi : श्रीलल्लन जी बह्मचारी स्नातकोत्तर महाविद्यालय ) was established in 1992 by the Government of Uttar Pradesh .
The Advertising Standards Council of India , ASCI founded in 1985 .
The William Demant Holding Group was founded in 1904 by Hans Demant , under the name Oticon .
Save Ferris is a ska punk band formed circa 1995 in Orange County , California .
The University of Banja Luka was established on 7 November 1975 and at that point had 5 faculties .
Brooktree was an American company founded in 1983 by Henry Katzenstein to commercialize a faster hardware architecture for digital to analog converters , three to eight times faster than the converters then on the market .
Founded on May 16 , 1990 , Elixir Group has since grew from a family company to one of the biggest Serbian companies in the field of agribusiness , fertilizing and the wholesale of other agriculture products .
Echourouk News was founded on 19 March 2014 , it has started to broadcast its programs on 19 March 2014 .
Fat Family - 1998 Fat Festa - 1999 Pra Onde For , Me Leve - 2001 Fat Family - 2003
The Shark Island Challenge first started in 1997 , and was a very informal and local event organized by Nathan Purcell and Mark Fordham .
In 1993 , Beavertail Lighthouse Museum Association ( BLMA ) was established to oversee the operations of the Beavertail Lighthouse Museum , which is located in the assistant keeper 's house .
SkyFallen Entertainment is a Russian computer game developer , that was founded in 2002 .
Kursk State University ( Russian Курский государственный университет ) is Kursk 's oldest higher educational institution , founded in 1934 as Kursk State Pedagogical Institute , later in 1994 transformed into Kursk State Pedagogical University and has a current status since 2003 .
In 1994 , Slovenská štátna sporiteľňa was transformed in a joint - stock company and started its activities under the brand name of Slovenská sporiteľňa ( Slovak Savings Bank ) .
The Republic of Jamtland was founded in 1963 ( recalling the former 10th - century republic ) in reaction to emigration from the county .
This necessitated the change of the name to the African Forum for Agricultural Advisory Services and AFAAS was consequentially legally set up as an NGO in Uganda and became the successor body to SSANAAS in 2011 .
Family & Life is a Catholic Irish anti - abortion organisation founded in 1996 .
Maya Awards ( Indonesian : Piala Maya ) is an annual Indonesian film awards initiated in 2012 by Indonesian online film enthusiasts , that is initiated by FILM_Indonesia Twitter account .
National Dental College & Hospital was established in 1999 at village Gulabgarh , Dera Bassi , India ( near Chandigarh ) by Medical Educational and Rural Welfare Society .
As part of his vision , the National Oil Corporation was established in 1970 .
Amref Health Africa '' was founded in 1957 , when three pioneering surgeons who wanted to take health care to places where there were no doctors or medical assistance used aircraft and radios to reach remote and neglected communities .
The Center for Survey Research at Ohio State University in Columbus , Ohio , operated from July 1 , 1996 to June 30 , 2004 , when the center closed .
Race the Fray ( originally seen as The Fray ) were an Australian independent four - piece alternative rock , pop punk band formed in 2003 .
The Committee of General Security was established as a committee of the National Convention in October 1792 .
The Paradiesgärtlein ( Garden of Paradise ) is a panel painting created around 1410 .
Samuel Bronston Productions was an independent American film production company , founded by Samuel Bronston in 1943 .
Mutilator were a thrash / black metal band , formed in 1985 in Belo Horizonte , Brazil .
The Hong Kong Citizen Forum ( Chinese : 港人論壇 ) was a short - lived pro - Beijing political organisation in Hong Kong founded in 1991 .
The Renaissance Charter School in New York City opened in 1993 and is authorized by the Chancellor of the New York City Department of Education .
My Epic is an American Christian rock band from Charlotte , North Carolina started in 2005 .
MyHeritage was founded in 2003 by Gilad Japhet ( who continues to serve as the company 's CEO ) .
CNBC Europe began broadcasts in March 1996 , as a wholly owned subsidiary of NBC .
John Grey & Sons ( London ) Limited , a subsidiary company of Barnett , Samuel & Sons , was established in Westminster in 1832 .
Women 's Media Center ( WMC ) is a 501(c)(3 ) nonprofit women 's organization in the United States founded in 2005 by writers and activists Jane Fonda , Robin Morgan , and Gloria Steinem .
Winnport participated in the federal government Team Canada trade mission to China in 1998 .
Wight FM was an internet radio service based on the Isle of Wight which closed in December 2009 .
Virgin Express started on 23 April 1996 , when the Virgin Group ( with chairman Richard Branson ) bought the Belgian leisure airline EBA ( EuroBelgian Airlines ) founded by Victor Hasson and Georges Gutelman and rebranded it Virgin Express .
Steelcase became a publicly traded company in 1998 under the symbol SCS .
Stórsveit Nix Noltes are an Icelandic post - rock and Balkan folk band formed in 2004 and composed mostly of members of other Icelandic bands such as múm and Benni Hemm Hemm .
Funky Bones was installed at the Indianapolis Museum of Art in May 2010 and is currently on temporary loan .
The refurbishment started in May 2013 and reopened as `` Sunway Putra Mall '' on 28 May 2015 .
In 1989 , Amnon Landan and Arye Finegold founded Mercury Interactive Corporation .
OP12 ( English : On 12 ) was on May 14 , 2012 until December 31 , 2014 the label for the third channel of the VRT for the broadcasts after 8 pm ( after the children 's programs of Ketnet occurred ) .
Vivid Image was a video game developer from the United Kingdom , founded in 1988 by Mevlut Dinc from Turkey ( who came to Britain in 1979 ) , Hugh Riley and John Twiddy , all former employees of System 3 .
The Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal ( GWOTEM ) is a United States armed forces military award created by George W. Bush on March 12 , 2003 by Executive Order 13289 .
DB Networks was founded in United States in 2009 to provide database security including SQL injection defense products , predominantly to the financial services industry .
The Bank of Israel was founded on August 24 , 1954 , when the Knesset passed the Bank of Israel Act , which ceded the currency issuing and regulatory functions of the Ministry of Finance to the newly formed Bank .
Northumberlandia ( the `` Lady of the North '' ) is a huge land sculpture in the shape of a reclining female figure , which was completed in 2012 , near Cramlington , Northumberland , northern England .
Fonografika Sp . j. is a Polish independent record label and distribution company , founded in 2001 by Jacek Caba .
Phelps Dodge Corporation was an American mining company founded in 1834 as an import - export firm by Anson Greene Phelps and his two British sons - in - law William Earle Dodge , Sr . and Daniel James .
Dysfunctional Family Picnic was a multi - artist alternative rock concert , presented annually by the New York City , New York , USA radio station K - Rock , beginning in 1997 .
Huaqiao University was founded in 1960 , with support from the late Chinese premier and historical figure Zhou Enlai , for students of overseas Chinese backgrounds ( Hong Kong , Taiwan , Macau , Singapore ) to pursue tertiary education in their ancestral homelands .
The Iraqi Islamic Bank ( IIB ) was the first Islamic Bank established in Iraq ; initially approved by the Iraqi Central Bank on December 19 , 1992 and opened its door to the public on 23 February 1993 .
Pop Noir is a Los Angeles - based indie dancerock duo formed by British - born twin brothers Joe and Luke McGarry in 2004 , while they were 16-year - old students at the Orange County High School of the Arts .
The Macquarie Harbour Penal Station , a former British colonial penal settlement , established on Sarah Island , Macquarie Harbour , in the former colony of Van Diemen 's Land , now Tasmania , operated between 1822 and 1833 .
Marine Research was an indie rock / twee pop band , based in Oxford / London ( UK ) , formed in 1997 by four of the five members of Heavenly ( Amelia Fletcher , Peter Momtchiloff , Cathy Rogers and Rob Pursey ) , following the suicide of Heavenly drummer Mathew Fletcher .
Saltery Bay Provincial Park was established in 1962 to provide ocean access on the Sunshine Coast of Georgia Strait .
The Sawtooth Grin is a band from Montrose , New York formed in 1999 .
Grobschnitt was a West German rock band which existed between 1970 and 1989 .
Idlers is a Canadian reggae band from St. John 's founded in 2006 by Paul Schiralli - Earle , Tommy Duggan , and Mark Wilson and now consisting of eleven members .
Freiburger Barockorchester ( Freiburg Baroque Orchestra ) is a German orchestra founded in 1987 , with the mission statement : `` to enliven the world of Baroque music with new sounds '' .
The Salzburg Museum was founded in 1834 when a small collection of military memorabilia was made accessible to the public to formalize the memories of the Napoleonic wars .
HuneX is a video game developer formed as a partnership between NEC Home Electronics , Ltd. and Human in 1992 .
The Arizona Geological Society ( AGS ) is a non - profit scientific organization founded in 1948 whose purpose is to promote and encourage interest in the science of geology and in the geology of the State of Arizona .
Culture Beat is a German Eurodance project formed in 1989 by Torsten Fenslau .
Since its opening in 1876 , the Bayreuth Festival has been a socio - cultural phenomenon .
Started in 1919 as with the production of motorcycles , Gillet Herstal ended its production in 1959 .
TownNews.com is a company founded by Marc Wilson CEO , Robert P. Dalton , and Virginia R. Wilson as the International Newspaper Network ( INN ) in 1989 to help newspapers deal with developing technology .
City Airline was established in 1997 , originally operating wet leases for British Midland Airways .
The Fox affiliation currently seen on WSVF - CD began on October 26 , 2006 with the launch of WHSV - DT2 , a standard definition subchannel of WHSV - TV .
Shamsul Ulama Islamic Academy ( مجمع شمس العلماء الإسلامي ) is an Islamic educational institution in Kerala , India , established by the SKSSF Wayanad District Committee under the presidency of late District Qasi Panakkad Sayed Umerali Shihab Thangal in the year 2002 to promote Islamic educational activities .
Silas Records was an American record label owned by Universal Music Group ; founded in 1991 by Louil Silas Jr. and operated as an imprint of MCA Records , where Silas had been a senior VP .
No Walls was an American hard rock band from Atlanta , Georgia , formed in 1988 .
Opened on 15 October 2005 , Istanbul Cevahir was the largest shopping mall in Europe in terms of gross leasable area between 2005 and 2011 , and is one of the largest in the world .
On 21 June 2012 , a Samoa Air aircraft almost collided with a Polynesian Airlines aircraft near Fagali'i .
In summer 2008 , Horton and Mulrennan formed No Bird Sing with drummer Graham O'Brien and the band released their self - titled debut album in 2009 .
In 2000 , Rubicon Technology began its commercial production and was incorporated in 2001 .
The band has released an EP and one full - length album , their self - titled album in 2014 , and White Reaper Does It Again in 2015 .
Korean Police Baseball Team ( Korean : 경찰 야구단 ) is a Korean amateur baseball team founded in 2005 .
Colour Coding was an Australian indie pop band officially formed in 2011 and based in Sydney .
Jai Jawan Jai Kisan Mazdoor Congress , a political party in India , launched on December 10 , 2004 by former Bharatiya Janata Party general secretary Sunil Shastri ( son of Lal Bahadur Shastri ) .
The Alderwoods Group formed after the Loewen Group emerged from bankruptcy on January 2 , 2002 .
Bitburger brewery ( Bitburger Brauerei Th . Simon GmbH ) is a large German brewery founded in 1817 by Johann Wallenborn .
Cinefest Fairfield is an annual film festival since 2005 featuring short films by students , alumni and faculty of Fairfield University in Fairfield , Connecticut held in association with the Fairfield Community Theatre .
The Association of Asian Parliaments for Peace ( AAPP ) in Asia to promote peace in general and in the Asian region , in particular was established in September 1999 .
Sanlaap is an Indian feminist non - governmental organisation , established by Indrani Sinha in 1987 in Calcutta .
The Fernbank Science Center opened in December 1967 , and is an educational facility and an integral part of the DeKalb County School System .
TV Brasil is a Brazilian non - profit public broadcasting television network launched on December 2 , 2007 at noon .
Viaggio Air ( VM ) was a private airline based and registered in Sofia , Bulgaria in September 2002 .
The Carol Eckman Award is an award given annually since 1986 to the women 's college basketball active coach who `` best demonstrates the character of the late Carol Eckman , the mother of the collegiate women 's basketball national championship '' .
West Wales Wild Boars were formed in 2009 and joined the Welsh Premier Division of the Rugby League Conference that same year .
Dresdner Bank was established on 12 November 1872 through the conversion of private bank Michael Kaskel .
The Italian Environmental Film Festival ( in Italian : Festival Cinemambiente or Festival internazionale di cinema e cultura ambientale ) is an important Italian film festival founded in 1998 and taking place every year in Turin , Italy .
La5 is an Italian entertainment television channel , launched on May 12 , 2010 and owned by the media company Mediaset .
Café Rouge was founded by Roger Myers and Karen Jones as a small restaurant chain in 1989 .
Since 1999 , after its renovation , it is the seat of the Verzetsmuseum .
Void of Silence is a doom metal band from Italy , formed in 1999 by Riccardo Conforti and Ivan Zara .
The Museum of Papermaking in Duszniki - Zdrój ( pl . : Muzeum Papiernictwa ) -- a museum of the Lower Silesia Voivodeship Selfgovernment located in Duszniki - Zdrój in Poland , founded in 1968 in an old 17th century paper mill on the Bystrzyca Dusznicka river .
VoIP User was created by Dean Elwood and Tjardick van der Kraan in July 2003 and both are still intimately involved in the running of both network and web site .
The Norwegian Heathen Society ( Norwegian : Det norske Hedningsamfunn ( DnH ) or Hedningsamfunnet for short ) is a non - partisan irreligious society that was established in 1974 and whose main focus is counteracting the Church of Norway and Christian influence in Norway .
The Malaysia Law Reform Committee is a body that was set up in Malaysia in 2009 to consider whether the law needed reform .
The Plot in You is an American metalcore band , formed in 2010 in Hancock County , Ohio .
Magneta Lane are a Canadian indie rock music group formed in 2003 in Toronto .
Samantha 7 was an American rock band founded in 1998 by C.C. DeVille , lead guitarist from the rock band Poison .
FC Bossy Liverpool was established in 1994 by Bosnian migrants in the Liverpool area .
Bowen University opened on November 4 , 2002 as a residential institution with fewer than 500 students .
TV 5 Dimensi was launched at 3:00 p.m. WITA on January 14 , 2007 , after a speech by Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono .
It was founded in 2002 by English watchmaker Peter Speake - Marin and is based in Bursins , Switzerland .
In 2005 it became Amangalla resort complex . Aman means `` peace '' and galla is the Sinhalese name for Galle .
President and CEO Eddie Shapiro founded Nest Seekers International in 2001 .
Destroy Destroy Destroy is an American heavy metal band formed in Murfreesboro , Tennessee in late February 2003 .
Hellenic Seaways was created in 2005 following the consolidation of Minoan Flying Dolphins and its subsidiaries Hellas Flying Dolphins , Hellas Ferries Saronikos Ferries and Sporades Ferries .
The Australian Basketball Hall of Fame was instituted by the National Basketball League ( NBL ) in 1998 as the NBL Hall of Fame as part of their 20th birthday celebrations .
British Leyland was an automotive engineering and manufacturing conglomerate formed in the United Kingdom in 1968 as British Leyland Motor Corporation Ltd ( BLMC ) , following the merger of Leyland Motors and British Motor Holdings .
Jacksoul , sometimes stylized as jackSOUL , was a Canadian soul and R&B music group formed in 1996 in Toronto .
The Chemical Society was formed in 1841 ( then named the Chemical Society of London ) by 77 scientists as a result of increased interest in scientific matters .
The American Dental Association ( ADA ) is an American professional association established in 1859 which has more than 155,000 members .
In 1884 , a group of 13 breed clubs , 10 American clubs and 3 Canadian clubs , founded the American Kennel Club .
WLLF , whose license was first issued in March 1984 , signed on in January 1985 as WKTX .
IMT Gallery was founded by Lindsay Friend in 2005 as IMT and launched with the first London solo exhibition by O Zhang .
The Aircraft Manufacturing Company Limited ( Airco ) was a British aircraft manufacturer operating from 1912 to 1920 .
Agrana was founded in 1988 as a holding company for the Austrian sugar and Starch industry .
Pluto Records is a record label started in 1999 by Eric Shirey and Brian Cobbel .
The New England Central Railroad ( reporting mark NECR ) began operations in 1995 .
The All Progressives Congress ( APC ) is a political party in Nigeria , formed on 6 February 2013 in anticipation of the 2015 elections .
Resipiscent is an independent record label based in San Francisco , California , founded in 2005 by James Decker and Thomas Day .
The ground work for Ride the Sky began back in 2006 when drummer Uli Kusch started swapping musical ideas with vocalist Bjorn Jansson .
Het Gesprek ( Dutch for `` The Conversation '' ) was a Dutch television channel , started on 2 October 2007 .
In 2005 Phil Powers began promoting shows under the name Real Quality Wrestling , their first show was in Clacton in March .
Knight Frank LLP is a residential and commercial property consultancy founded in London by John Knight , Howard Frank and William Rutley in 1896 .
The Serendib International Cup ( known as the Dialog Serendib International Cup for sponsorship reasons ) was an international rugby union competition for emerging nations held in Sri Lanka in 2013 ( Serendib is the old Arabic , Persian and Urdu name for Sri Lanka ) .
The Chelsea Smiles are a hard rock / sleaze rock band formed in 2004 featuring guitarist Todd Youth ( formerly of D Generation and Danzig ) , Karl Rosqvist of Danzig , Steel Prophet , Skye Vaughan - Jayne of Bullets and Octane , Johnny Martin and RJ Ronquillo .
The Military Bowl ( fully named Military Bowl presented by Northrop Grumman , previously known as the EagleBank Bowl and known in planning stages as the Congressional Bowl ) is an annual NCAA Division I FBS college football bowl game played since 2008 .
Located in Naples , and put on the air by Naples resident Norm Alpert , in 1987 , WAVV continues to hold its market share at number one for nearly 14 consecutive years .
Parse.ly was founded by Sachin Kamdar and Andrew Montalenti out of DreamIt Ventures , an early stage startup accelerator program in Philadelphia and launched its first product , Parse.ly Reader , in September 2009 .
Tennessee Temple Academy was established in 1951 as a Southern Baptist elementary school that included kindergarten and grades 1 through 5 .
Boss Hog was formed in 1989 , as something of an accidental side project , when Jon and Cristina were told of a last minute vacancy on the bill at the influential New York punk club CBGB 's .
The company was founded in 1934 by Elrey Borge Jeppesen , a pilot working for Varney Air Lines , who was the first to make aeronautical charts for pilots to navigate in flight .
On May 2 , 2013 , SEC Commissioner Mike Slive and ESPN president John Skipper formally announced that as part of a long - term , 20-year agreement lasting through 2034 , ESPN would launch SEC Network , a network devoted to the conference and an accompanying digital platform , in August 2014 .
The Southeast Asian Fisheries Development Center ( SEAFDEC ) is an autonomous intergovernmental body established as a regional treaty organisation in 1967 to promote fisheries development in Southeast Asia .
Miasmah is a Norwegian independent record label that was started in Oslo by Erik K. Skodvin in 2006 .
Thunder Bay Regional Health Sciences Centre was created in 2004 as an amalgamation of the Port Arthur and McKeller branches of the Thunder Bay Regional Hospital system .
Never A Hero are a five - piece nu metal band formed in Sudbury , Suffolk , England in 2009 .
The Ga Ga 's ( often spelled as The*Ga*Ga*s ) were a hard rock band formed by Tommy Gleeson in 2002 .
Inzopa was co - founded by Charanjeet Ajmani , an executive at Advisor Software , and Brian Barrick , architect and team leader of Apple 's FileMaker team in December 2010 .
The Needles Lighthouse was built by Trinity House in 1859 on the outermost of the chalk rocks near sea level .
The Mind Trust was founded in 2006 by Bart Peterson , the former Mayor of Indianapolis , and David Harris , Mayor Peterson 's former charter schools director .
InnoGames was founded in early 2007 to handle the operation and continued development of the game .
The station was originally licensed as KRIT but changed callsigns to KIAQ on September 1 , 1992 .
Jupiter Entertainment ( also known as Jupiter ) is an unscripted television production company in the United States ( US ) founded by Stephen Land in 1996 .
The Pays des Impressionnistes is a certification mark created by the Syndicat intercommunal à vocations multiples des Coteaux de Seine in 2001 to promote the cultural heritage of this touristic area .
Linc Energy was incorporated on 29 October 1996 as Linc Energy N.L. On 17 November 2000 , it changed its name to Linc Energy Ltd. It listed on the Australian Securities Exchange ( ASX ) on 10 May 2006 and later on the OTCQX in New York in December 2007 .
The Israeli Labor Party was established in 1968 by a merger of Mapai , Ahdut HaAvoda and Rafi .
Nevada Bachelors were an American rock band from Seattle , Washington , formed in 1997 .
Dozer was formed in Borlänge , Sweden in 1995 by Tommi Holappa , Fredrik Nordin , Erik Bäckwall and Magnus Larsson , playing local youth centres and supporting any bands that came to their hometown .
WFXU began broadcasting June 15 , 1998 as a full - time satellite of Fox affiliate WTLH , intending to improve that station 's signal in the eastern part of the market .
Symbiosis International School is an International Baccalaureate school located in Pune , India , founded in 2005 .
Kenya Airports Authority was established by an act of Parliament in 1992 , by the ruling Kenya African National Union government .
Griffin Music was an independent record label created in 1989 in Toronto , Canada by author / publisher Robert Godwin .
Duchy of Krnov ( Czech : Krnovské knížectví , Polish : Księstwo Karniowskie ) or Duchy of Jägerndorf ( German : Herzogtum Jägerndorf ) was one of the Duchies of Silesia , which in 1377 emerged from the Duchy of Troppau ( Opava ) , itself a fief of the Bohemian Crown .
It was founded in 1947 as the Engineering Society of Hong Kong and was incorporated as Hong Kong Institution of Engineers in 1975 .
Top Level Design ( TLD ) was founded in 2012 by Portland entrepreneur Ray King after he stepped down as CEO of AboutUs , a company he founded in 2006 .
SoBe began as the South Beach Beverage Company , a drink manufacturer based in Norwalk , Connecticut from 1996 - 2001 .
On March 1996 , Yang Hyun - suk , a former member of legendary Korean band Seo Taiji and Boys , founded YG Entertainment along with his younger brother Yang Min - suk .
Foreverlin is an American Christian alternative indie rock band , and they are from the cities of Cheyenne and Laramie , Wyoming , where the band started making music in 2012 .
Brazil Festival of Italy is a festival born in Bologna , Italy , in 2002 as a tribute to Italians for their contribution to Brazilian culture .
The Eskalators are a Brooklyn - based steampunk and vegan musical collective , puppeteering ensemble , and experimental street mime troupe formed by Eric Williams in the summer of 2007 .
Chhandayan was founded in 1984 by Samir Chatterjee , the current Artistic Director and President .
The Ethiopian Civil Service University ( ECSU ) was established in 1995 by the Ministry of Education to support the transformation drive of the Ethiopian Civil Service within the context of the country 's development policies and strategies .
DreamCatcher Interactive Inc. ( a.k.a . DreamCatcher Games ) was a Canadian computer game publisher of video games founded in 1996 by Richard Wah Kan. In 2006 , the company became a subsidiary of JoWooD Entertainment .
Tad Morose is a Swedish progressive / power metal band formed in 1991 and led by guitarist Christer ' Krunt ' Andersson .
Spun off of a group called the Flying Donuts , SCUL was founded in Boston in 1995 .
Drunk Tank was a noise rock group formed in Chicago , Illinois and active between 1989 to 1992 .
The Marion Barons were a minor league professional ice hockey team in the International Hockey League during the 1953 - -54 season .
The Swansea City Opera is a touring opera company founded in Swansea , Wales in May 2004 .
The Protectorate of South Arabia was designated on 18 January 1963 as consisting of those areas of the Aden Protectorate that did not join the Federation of South Arabia , and it broadly , but not exactly , corresponded to the division of the Aden Protectorate which was called the Eastern Aden Protectorate .
Clariden Leu was a Swiss private bank based in Zurich and Geneva Switzerland founded in 2007 by Clariden president Alex Hoffmann and Credit Suisse Group .
The Scottish Council for Development and Industry ( SCDI ) , founded in 1931 , is a non - governmental , membership organisation which aims to strengthen Scotland 's economic competitiveness through influencing government and key stakeholders to create sustainable economic prosperity for Scotland .
The Gryphon Trio was formed in 1993 by three members of the Faculty of Music of the University of Toronto , Patipatanakoon , Borys and Parker , and today it tours regularly throughout Canada , the United States and Europe .
It was established by the Assam Women 's University Act , 2013 ( XXII of 2013 ) by the Assam Government .
The Wuxi Classic was a professional snooker tournament held from 2008 to 2014 .
CECAFA was founded unofficially in 1927 .
Blanco y Negro Music ( short Blanco y Negro ) is a Spanish record label which was founded in 1978 .
Brusque Futebol Clube , usually known just as Brusque , is a football ( soccer ) club from Brusque , Santa Catarina , Brazil , founded on October 12 , 1987 .
International Flavors & Fragrances was formed in 1958 by the merger between Polak & Schwarz ( P&S ) and van Ameringen - Haebler .
Their name was subsequently changed to Power Grid Corporation of India Limited , which took effect on October 23 , 1992 .
Better World Books is an online for - profit bookseller of used and new books founded in 2002 by Christopher `` Kreece '' Fuchs , Xavier Helgesen and Jeff Kurtzman .
Luis - Mary was a Japanese visual kei post - punk band that was formed in 1989 and broke up in 1993 .
WPBF first went on - the - air January 1 , 1989 , owned by Alan Potamkin and the John H. Phipps Company .
University of Novi Pazar ( Bosnian : Univerzitet u Novom Pazaru ; Cyrillic : Универзитет у Новом Пазару ) , was founded in 2002 with help of prime minister Zoran Đinđić .
Digital Ocean , Inc. , was a maker of wireless products from 1992 to 1998 , when it was bought by Harris Semiconductor and its assets made part of Harris 's Intersil Division , which was spun off in 1999 into Intersil Corporation .
On 1 October 2010 , the Daming Palace National Heritage Park was opened to the public .
UTC Sheffield is a University Technical College ( UTC ) that opened in Sheffield city centre , South Yorkshire , England in September 2013 .
The Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs is a think tank , research and capacity building Institution handling various subjects and matters relevant to corporate regulation and governance established in 2008 at Gurgaon , Haryana , India .
' All Ice Records or AIR ( initiated 2005 in Bergen , Norway ) is a Norwegian independent record label that was established by Terje Isungset .
Nová Ves u Světlé was first documented in 1378 .
It was assigned the KCAV call sign on April 28 , 2009 , and received its license to cover on May 13 , 2009 .
The Public Sector Pension Investment Board ( PSP Investments ) is a Canadian crown corporation established by an act of parliament in September 1999 .
The current WCIV first began operations in October 1992 as WCTP , an independent station .
Their first album was released in 2003 , titled `` Stony Skunk '' .
AMR Research , Inc. was an independent US research and industry analysis firm founded by Tony Friscia in 1986 and sold to Gartner Research for US$ 64 million in 2009 .
My Body Sings Electric is an American Alternative Rock and post - hardcore band formed in Denver , Colorado in 2007 .
Vallourec became the second largest steel tube manufacturer in France following the merger of the Société des Tubes de Valenciennes and the Société Louvroil - Montbard - Aulnoye , and was listed on the Paris Stock Exchange in 1957 .
Young Rising Sons are an American indie pop band consisting of Andy Tongren ( lead singer / guitar ) , Dylan Scott ( lead guitar ) , Julian Dimagiba ( bass ) and Steve Patrick ( drums ) formed in 2010 .
The alliance was created in November 1993 as the International Alliance Supporting Community Action on AIDS , and later renamed the International HIV / AIDS Alliance .
Lambda Theta Nu ( ΛΘΝ ) is a Latina - based Greek letter intercollegiate sorority founded on March 11 , 1986 at California State University , Chico .
K-1 began in 1993 and is a kickboxing platform and martial arts brand well - known worldwide mainly for its heavyweight division fights .
Mr Floppy were an Australian alternative rock , punk rock and oi ! band formed in 1989 by Tim Aylward on guitar ( ex - The Swarm ) , Mick Carroll on guitar , Paul Johnson on bass guitar and vocals and Joseph Kennedy ( ex - Pray TV ) on drums .
The Otto - von - Guericke University Magdeburg ( German : Otto - von - Guericke - Universität Magdeburg , short OvGU ) was founded in 1993 and is one of the youngest universities in Germany .
War of Ages ( sometimes abbreviated WoA , formerly known as Point Zero ) is an American Christian metalcore band formed during the summer of 2002 in Erie , Pennsylvania .
Krome Studios Melbourne , originally Beam Software , was a video game development studio founded in 1978 and based in Melbourne , Australia .
Slechtvalk ( the Dutch word for peregrine falcon ) is a Christian Viking metal band from the Netherlands , formed in 1999 .
It is known as MNC News and was founded in June 2006 as 24 hours general , infotainment , sports , and lifestyle news channel .
Takoradi International School was opened in 1998 and was then called the Takoradi Learning Centre .
NRHEG High School was established in 1992 when the former New Richland - Hartland and Ellendale - Geneva schools combined to form the NRHEG Schools .
Provincial League ( formerly known as Professional League ) also known as Pro League is the old regional Football league in Thailand in 1999 - 2008 .
The National Museum of Pakistan was established in Frere Hall on 17 April 1950 , replacing the defunct Victoria Museum .
Oppressor was a technical death metal band from Chicago , Illinois , which formed in 1991 and disbanded in 1999 .
An online retail site trading as Big Brown Box was launched by Thorn Group Limited ( owners of brands including Radio Rentals and Rentlo ) in November 2008 .
The World Organization of Independent Scouts was founded in 2010 by former members of the World Federation of Independent Scouts .
Tell MAMA was launched on 21 February 2012 by Eric Pickles MP , Secretary of State for the Department for Communities and Local Government and is co - ordinated by the interfaith organisation Faith Matters .
Honfleur Gallery located on Good Hope Road in the historic Anacostia neighborhood of Washington , D.C. , is a gallery that was established in January 2007 by the Action to Rehabilitate Community Housing group .
Potential Getaway Driver is an independent record label that began in the winter of 2005 by friends Chad Hansen and Anthony Iamurri .
Elektrogorsk was founded in 1912 due to the construction of the first big peat - fired thermal power station in Russia , which would be called Elektroperedacha ( `` Электропередача '' , lit . `` electric power transmission '' ) .
The Cleveland Clinic is a multispecialty academic hospital located in Cleveland , Ohio that is owned and operated by the Cleveland Clinic Foundation , an Ohio nonprofit corporation established in 1921 .
The Arnold Schoenberg Choir ( German : Arnold Schoenberg Chor ) is a Viennese / Austrian choir which was founded 1972 by Erwin Ortner , who is still its artistic director .
4 Non Blondes was an American rock band from San Francisco , California , formed in 1989 .
This set the basis for the founding of Chemische Industrie - Labor AG ( Chemical Industry Laboratory AG or Cilag ) on 12 May 1936 .
The Transglobal Secure Collaboration Participation , Inc. ( TSCP ) , which sponsors the Transglobal Secure Collaboration Program , was established in 2002 as a collaborative forum of organizations in the defense industry to address security issues with collaboration .
Mortgage Foundation was founded as the Florida National Investment Association on September 25 , 1992 in an attempt to save Ft Lauderdale 's economy after a fire nearly destroyed the city .
Established in 1989 , the Stonerose Interpretive Center and Fossil Site is an Eocene Epoch fossil site and accompanying interpretive center , located in Republic , Washington , part of the Okanagan Highland .
The Riverfront Irish Festival is an annual music and cultural festival held since 1993 in Cuyahoga Falls , Ohio .
Best Thames Local is an annual on - line competition , started in 2010 , to find best pub with nearly 3000 eligible pubs and restaurants by the River Thames , or within the 40 towns and London areas along the Thames .
These Kids Wear Crowns is a six - member Canadian power pop band , formed in 2009 in Chilliwack , British Columbia , Canada .
Miss West Africa is an international beauty pageant started in 2008 for females living in West Africa , as well as women of West African origin living around the world .
The Center for Genetics and Society was founded in October 2001 under the leadership of Richard A. Hayes , Ph.D. to advocate for social oversight and control of new human biotechnologies .
Pargas ( Finnish : Parainen ; Väståboland ( Finnish : Länsi - Turunmaa ) in 2009 - -2011 ) is a municipality of Finland , in the Archipelago Sea .
Nextel Communications traces its roots to the 1987 foundation of FleetCall by Morgan O'Brien , Brian McAuley , Chris Rogers , and Peter Reinheimer .
The Blind Leading the Blind , Blind , or The Parable of the Blind ( Dutch : De parabel der blinden ) is a painting by the Flemish renaissance artist Pieter Bruegel the Elder , completed in 1568 .
Adei Ad was established in 1998 by a group of students at the Sdor Amir yeshiva in Shvut Rachel .
Ulster Resistance ( UR ) , or the Ulster Resistance Movement ( URM ) , is an Ulster loyalist paramilitary movement established by unionists in Northern Ireland on 10 November 1986 in opposition to the Anglo - Irish Agreement .
Rust Belt Music ( sometimes abbreviated RBM ) is a San Francisco - based band that formed in 2001 .
Dobroflot or Dobrovolny Flot ( Russian : Добровольный флот , Доброфлот , meaning `` Voluntary Fleet '' ) was a state - controlled ship transport association established in the Russian Empire in 1878 funded from voluntary contributions collected by subscription ( hence the name ) .
Following independence from Spain in 1811 , Paraguay was ruled by a series of dictators who generally implemented isolationist and protectionist policies .
EFF - Austin continued as a separate organization and was active from 1991 through 1997 , when it ceased operations following the Supreme Court Reno v. ACLU decision .
Pony Up is a Canadian indie pop band formed in 2002 in Montreal .
McLane Advanced Technologies was established in 2004 by Drayton McLane , Jr. after discovering the Army 's need for an updated logistics software system .
In 2012 , the duo christened themselves `` The Mastersons '' and recorded their debut record , Birds Fly South .
It was established in January 2009 as an outgrowth of the 2008 children 's book One Hen :
The Fildwith Ensemble Theatre is a not - for - profit company in New York City , established in 2005 , following thirteen years at its associate summer theatre company in the Adirondack Mountains Boquet River Theatre Festival .
Söhne Mannheims ( Sons of Mannheim ) is a German musical band founded 1995 in Mannheim by Xavier Naidoo and others .
Their lead vocalist , Jennifer Turner , was playing as a guitarist on the Tigerlily tour with Natalie Merchant , when Jennifer formed Furslide together with Jason Lader and Adam MacDougall in early 1997 .
Pin - Up Went Down is a French avant - garde metal band formed in 2006 .
Black Hen Music is a Canadian independent record label founded in Vancouver , British Columbia in 1995 .
Oblivion Dust is a Japanese rock band first active from 1996 to 2001 , they reunited in 2007 .
Major Maker is a Canadian indie rock band , formed in Toronto , Ontario in 2006 by Bulgarian - born Todor Kobakov and singer - songwriter Lindy Vopnfjörð .
The Milli Yekjehti Council ( Urdu : ملی یکجہتی کونسل‎ , MYC , also called the National Alliance for Religious Harmony ) is a Pakistani political organisation formed in 1995 to unite some 10 or 20 smaller religious parties and reduce sectarian tensions in the nation .
Cohen approached Lerner about representing the brand and in 1986 the two of them launched Michael Stars .
Media Storm was founded in November 2001 by managing partners Tim Williams and Craig Woerz , who formerly worked together at AOL Time Warner .
StarKid Productions , also known as Team StarKid , is a Chicago - based musical theatre company founded in 2009 at the University of Michigan by Darren Criss , Brian Holden , Matt Lang , and Nick Lang .
The Cary Invasion is a member of the Tobacco Road Basketball League and the Premiere Basketball League based in Cary , North Carolina which began play in 2011 as a member of the Continental Basketball League .
Crouch , frontman of the band Blanket Music , organized Hush Records in 1997 , when he self - released a solo record called Portland , Or .
LO , The Danish Confederation of Trade Unions ( Danish : LO , Landsorganisationen i Danmark or simply LO ) was founded in 1898 and is an umbrella organisation ( the largest of the three national trade union centers in Denmark ) for 18 Danish trade unions .
The Evangelical Lutheran Diocese of Norway ( Norwegian : Det evangelisk - lutherske stift i Norge ) is a Lutheran diocese in Norway , founded in Kautokeino in 2013 .
Buffalo Commercial Bank was established in 2008 , following the cessation of hostilities between Sudan and South Sudan and the signing of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement ( CPA ) in Naivasha , Kenya , in 2005 .
PanCanadian Petroleum ( now Encana ) formed Canadian Oil Sands Trust in 1995 with a 10 % interest in Syncrude .
Between 1969 and 1971 , the National Patriotic Front of Bessarabia and Northern Bukovina was established by several young intellectuals in Chişinău , totalling over 100 members , vowing to fight for the establishment of a Moldavian Democratic Republic , its secession from the Soviet Union and union with Romania .
The Carnations were a Canadian indie rock band started in 1995 by Thomas D'Arcy on lead vocals and bass , and Steve Krecklo on vocals and guitar .
Vehbi Koç , who established his first firm in 1926 , collected all of the companies bearing his name under the roof of Koç Holding on 20 November 1963 in order to centrally manage these companies and to provide optimum resource allocation .
The Harmonies are a five - piece girlband formed in 2010 , with the finalists of a competition with over 200,000 contestants organised by the Women 's Institute and announced in February 2010 , to create an album in celebration of the 95th anniversary of the WI .
Ship Sticks ( Ship Sticks LLC ) , founded in 2011 , is a private company based in West Palm Beach , Florida .
CoCo Therapeutics is a United Kingdom - based biotechnology company formed in 2013 jointly by King 's College London , the Wellcome Trust and Advent Venture Partners .
Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank was established on 20 May 1997 as a Public Joint Stock Company through the Amiri Decree No . 9 of 1997 .
Lilicub is a French band that was founded in 1992 , mainly known for its 1996 hit `` Voyage en Italie '' .
Papyrus Design Group , Inc. was a computer game developer founded in 1987 by David Kaemmer and CEO Omar Khudari .
Noise Viola started its career in 2003 , during Semana da Música ( Music Week ) , organized by Conservatório Pernambucano de Música .
Gallery Arcturus was established in 1994 by The Foundation for the Study of Objective Art , a Canadian federally - registered charitable organization , to provide members of the public with an opportunity to view and study works by contemporary North American artists free of charge and without commercial motives .
7.1 People Pile ( Chinese : 七一人民批 ; pinyin : Qī - Yī Rénmín Pī ) was a loose pro - democracy political group in Hong Kong named after the mass protest on 1 July 2003 .
Atomeka Press is a British publisher of comic books set up in 1988 by Dave Elliott and Garry Leach .
Malta Xlokk , also known as the South Eastern Region , was a region of Malta between 1993 and 2009 .
These two colleges formed the nucleus of the Tamil Nadu Agricultural University while it was established in 1971 .
On 31 December 1971 , the communities of Appenfeld , Ellingshausen , Hergetsfeld , Oberbeisheim , Reddingshausen , Remsfeld , Schellbach , Völkershain and Wallenstein voluntarily combined to form the new community of Knüllwald .
Peterbilt Motors Company , founded in 1939 in Oakland , California , is an American manufacturer of medium- and heavy - duty Class 5 through Class 8 trucks .
The American Fur Company was founded in 1808 by John Jacob Astor , a German immigrant to the United States .
Rhino operated more than 90 games stores that carried classic games as well as newer products in fifteen states throughout the U.S. From 1989 to 2007 , Rhino Video Games allowed customers to trade in their unwanted video games and systems toward other video game merchandise .
IWF Promotions is an independent professional wrestling company based in Denver , Colorado that was founded in 2001 by Tamera Halbeisen .
The Azerbaijani Armed Forces ( Azerbaijani : Azərbaycan Silahlı Qüvvələri ) were re - established according to the Law of the Republic of Azerbaijan on the Armed Forces from 9 October 1991 .
Established in 1970 , the Peace Research Institute Frankfurt ( PRIF ) , or Hessische Stiftung Friedens und Konfliktforschung ( HSFK ) was founded by the state of Hesse .
In 1997 , Mortgagebot was formed as the mortgage subsidiary of M&I Bank .
The Cone Ripman School became known as the Arts Educational Schools , London in 1939 .
The People 's Association for Catholic Germany ( German : Volksverein für das katholische Deutschland ) was founded on 24 October 1890 by Mönchengladbach manufacturer Franz Brandt and Catholic theologian and member of the Reichstag Franz Hitze , with participation by politicians Ludwig Windthorst and Franz Graf von Ballestrem .
City Airways ( Thai:ซิตี้แอร์เวย์ ) is an airline in Thailand , founded in 2011 by CEO Mr. Johnny Hung Mak Hung Terence , it began operations in September 2012 .
Il Seminario Musicale is a baroque music ensemble founded in 1985 by the French countertenor , Gérard Lesne who is also its artistic director .
Stone Soup Cooperative is a housing cooperative created in Chicago , Illinois in 1997 .
The Communist League ( German : Bund der Kommunisten ) was an international political party established in June 1847 in London , England .
The Most Noble Order of the Garter , founded in 1348 , is the highest order of chivalry and the third most prestigious honour ( inferior only to the Victoria Cross and George Cross ) in England and the United Kingdom .
In 1989 , El Palacio de Hierro opened Centro Coyoacán , its first shopping mall .
Charities Services , formerly known as the Charities Commission , was established by the Charities Act 2005 .
In November 1993 the newly founded Döllnitzbahn GmbH took over the remaining lines of the Mügeln railway network between Oschatz , Mügeln and Kemmlitz .
Founded by the current URBN chairman and president Richard Hayne , Anthropologie opened its first store in the autumn of 1992 in Wayne , Pennsylvania .
Astrofaes is a Ukrainian black metal band from the town of Kharkiv , first coming into being in 1996 as a project between Thurios ( Drudkh , Hate Forest , Blood of Kingu ) and Khorus ( Khors ) .
The Association of Canadian Editorial Cartoonists , or ACEC , is a professional association founded in 1988 in Winnipeg to promote the interests of editorial cartoonists in Canada .
The Newman Prize for Chinese Literature was established in 2008 by Peter Gries , director of the Institute for U.S .- China Issues at the University of Oklahoma .
The Araki is a sushi restaurant run by Japanese chef Mitsuhiro Araki which opened in London in 2014 .
Flying only regional routes first , Aeroquetzal later became the first Guatemalan airline besides Aviateca to operate a short lived scheduled passenger flight to Los Angeles International Airport in 1991 .
Digital Poodle was a Toronto , Canada - based , electro - industrial / EBM band formed in 1986 and remained active until about 1995 .
Runemagick is a Swedish death / doom band formed in 1990 .
The Swedish American Center , a national institute for migration studies and cultural exchange , was inaugurated in April 2009 .
John Clayton , Jeff Hamilton , and Jeff Clayton ( John 's brother ) brought together a group of Los Angeles - based musicians in 1985 and formed the Clayton - Hamilton Jazz Orchestra ( CHJO ) .
The Dunwells are a British pop / rock band formed in Leeds , Yorkshire , England in 2009 .
Toychestra began as a once - off experiment in 1996 at a women 's festival of experimental music at Hotel Utah in San Francisco .
K Records is an independent record label in Olympia , Washington founded in 1982 .
In 2002 Taylor and Wessing & Berenberg - Gossler merged to become Taylor Wessing .
The airline was established in 1993 as Cheboksary Air Enterprise and was renamed Chuvashia Airlines in 2003 .
Dutch Hall Road is an indie folk band from Blair , Nebraska , formed in 2006 .
The Georgian Troupe ( Georgian : ქართული დასი , K’art’uli dasi ) is a left - wing Georgian opposition political party with a strong nationalist component set up in January 2007 and chaired by Jondi Bagaturia , formerly a leading activist of the Georgian Labour Party .
Rosatom State Atomic Energy Corporation ( Rosatom ) ( Russian : Росатом ) , is a state corporation ( non - profit organization ) in Russia , established in 2007 , the regulatory body of the Russian nuclear complex .
The Seers were a British rock group active between 1984 and 1991 .
The Mediaeval Combat Society was formed as a non profit making organisation to entertain the public and for charity fund raising through historical reenactment around 1970 , and has worked with many other groups as in its early years with the Norse Film and Pageant Society ( NFPS ) .
Sounds Like Chicken was a band from Melbourne , Australia , which formed in 1999 and disbanded in 2007 .
The Republican - Socialist Party ( French : Parti républicain - socialiste ) was a French socialist political party during the French Third Republic , founded in 1911 and dissolved in 1934 .
Pharao released two studio albums , Pharao ( 1994 ) and The Return ( 1998 ) .
Apanhador Só is a Brazilian rock band formed in 2005 by Alexandre Kumpinski ( vocals and guitar ) , Felipe Zancanaro ( guitar ) , Andre Zinelli ( drums ) and Fernão Agra ( bass guitar ) .
KLN College of Information Technology is the co - educational engineering college in Madurai , started in 2001 by the Sourashtra Community which is linguistic minority in Tamil Nadu .
The Biakoye District was created in 2008 and inaugurated officially on 29 February 2008 .
ThinkTank Learning was founded by Steven Ma in 2002 , who left a position as a hedge fund analyst and started the company with his own savings .
Rank 1 is a Dutch trance group , formed in the Netherlands in 1997 .
Hovedstadens Sygehusfællesskab ( H : S ) was a Danish health trust which was founded on 1 January 1995 to run health care services in Copenhagen and Frederiksberg .
2 Unlimited is a dance project founded in 1991 by Belgian producers Jean - Paul DeCoster and Phil Wilde and fronted by Dutch rapper Ray Slijngaard and Dutch vocalist Anita Doth .
Cable Video Store ( CVS ) , is a defunct pay - per - view ( PPV ) service that was launched in 1985 by General Instruments .
Southern African Community USA ( SACU ) is a registered 501(c)3 non - profit organization that was established in 2013 in the state of Maryland to promote Southern Africa culture and unite the Southern African Diaspora communities in the USA .
Valdur is a death metal band formed by drummer Sxuperion and guitarist Blasphemy in 2003 in Mammoth Lakes , California , a small mountain town at 8,000 ft . in elevation located just north of Mt.
The ITU Aquathlon World Championships have been held annually since 1998 , typically a few days preceding and in the same location as the ITU Triathlon World Championships , however since 2007 the championships have been held as totally separate events in different locations .
Founded by former Capcom programmer Masakazu Matsushita in 2007 , HexaDrive has worked on different titles for various systems , notably Rez HD , a HD remastering of the title Rez exclusively for Xbox Live Arcade and The 3rd Birthday which was a collaboration between HexaDrive and Square Enix .
NDTV Profit is a business news channel started by New Delhi Television in January 2005 .
Step Afrika ! was founded in 1994 in South Africa through a collaboration between dancers from the United States and dancers from the Soweto Dance Theatre of Johannesburg , South Africa .
The Share Centre was founded by Gavin Oldham , formerly of Barclayshare ( now Barclays Stockbrokers ) in 1990 .
Burnt Sugar was founded in 1999 by guitarist and writer Greg Tate .
Founded in 1683 as a fortress , Syzran grew into an important trading center and was granted town status in 1796 .
Sports for Peace was set up during the preliminary stages of the Olympic Games 2008 to address the question of whether sport or major sporting events can foster common ideals .
Bank of Communications Limited ( BoCom or BoComm ) ( simplified Chinese : 交通银行 ; traditional Chinese : 交通銀行 ; pinyin : Jiāotōng Yínháng ; often abbreviated as 交行 ) , founded in 1908 , is one of the largest banks in China .
Richard - Brasier was the successor of the early French automobile maker Georges Richard from 1902 .
The Beyster Institute was launched in 2002 at the Rady School of Management at the University of California , San Diego in order to advance the use of entrepreneurship and employee company ownership .
The Stanwich School is a private , coeducational PK-12 college prep school , in Greenwich , Connecticut , established in 1998 .
Bhutta College of Education is a co - educational teaching college that was established in 2006 in Ludhiana , Punjab , India .
The Utah Jynx is a team of the Women 's Football Alliance that began play in 2011 and joined the WFA in 2012 .
Eagle Rock Entertainment was founded in April 1997 by Terry Shand , Geoff Kempin and Julian Paul , three former colleagues at Castle Communications , with capital coming from BMG .
The Ratzeburg Rowing Club was founded in 1953 and is located in the town of Ratzeburg , Germany .
DOK - ING d.o.o is a large Croatian producer of electric vehicles , specializing in unmanned multi - purpose vehicles established in 1992 .
New Dublin Voices , an award - winning chamber choir based in Dublin , Ireland , was founded by conductor Bernie Sherlock in October 2005 .
Embers in Ashes are an American progressive rock band from Birmingham , Alabama , and they were formed in 2010 .
Starting from 2009 , the Korean Culture and Information Service began setting up Korean Cultural Centers around the world .
Pretty Girls Make Graves was a post - punk band , formed in Seattle in 2001 , named after The Smiths song of the same name ( which itself was named after a quote from Jack Kerouac 's The Dharma Bums ) .
On March 17 , 2005 , FlightAware was officially founded and began processing live flight data .
Lemoned Plant ( stylized as LEMONed plant ) , originally named simply LEMONed , is a Japanese independent record label , originally founded in 1996 by popular rock musician Hideto `` hide '' Matsumoto .
Legend holds that Zhytomyr was established about 884 by Zhytomyr , prince of a Slavic tribe of Drevlians .
Oxford BioLabs was founded in August 2008 as a Limited Liability Company in England and Wales by former scientists of the University of Oxford , including biochemist and entrepreneur Thomas Whitfield .
Young Americans for Liberty ( YAL ) is a 501(c)(3 ) political organization that was formed in 2008 at the end of Congressman Ron Paul 's presidential campaign .
The Minnesota Intergroup Association separated from NAIL on July 6 , 1971 , after unsuccessful attempts to reconcile differences with NAIL and later adopted the name Emotions Anonymous .
ModiLuft was among the first of India 's first post - deregulation airlines , launched in May 1993 by the Indian industrialist S K Modi , in technical partnership with the German flag carrier Lufthansa .
The World Challenge is a competition that was first hosted in 2005 by BBC and sponsored by Newsweek and Shell .
The Wedding Dance ( sometimes known as The Dance Village ) is a 1566 oil - on - panel painting by the Flemish artist Pieter Bruegel the Elder .
The Coast Guard E Ribbon was established in September 1990 and is the United States Coast Guard equivalent to the Navy E Ribbon .
Scottish Politician of the Year is an annual award established in 1999 .
Formed in 2004 by singer / songwriter Robert Romano ( formerly of Stranger than Fiction ) , Shock of Pleasure have toured nationally in support of two national releases through the Universal Music / Fontana Label .
Working as an informal group for one year , PLUS Kolkata started its functioning as an unregistered group in 2001 and two years later , registered itself as an NGO in March 2003 .
They had one of the largest wheat mills in the country built on a Puerto Madero lot in 1902 , and with it , established Molinos Río de la Plata ( later a leader in the local retail foods market ) .
It was formed on 10 January 1998 from a merger of the Federation of European Motorcyclists ( FEM ) and the European Motorcyclists ' Association ( EMA ) .
Carrier Air Wing Seventeen ( CVW-17 ) was reactivated on 1 November 1966 and assigned to the USS Forrestal .
Dukatalon is an Israeli doom / sludge metal trio , formed in Tel Aviv , Israel in 2007 .
A predominantly industrial spot , Alderetes was incorporated on September 1 , 1987 ) , as part of the San Miguel de Tucumán metropolitan area .
In 1997 , College of the North Atlantic was formed from the province 's five community colleges .
The Best Track and Field Athlete ESPY Award has been presented since 2007 , with the exception of 2009 , to the track and field athlete , irrespective of nationality or gender , adjudged to be the best in a given calendar year .
Hawker Beechcraft Corporation ( HBC ) was an American aerospace manufacturing company that built the Beechcraft and Hawker business jet lines of aircraft between 2006 and 2013 .
The Grup Instrumental de València ( unofficial English title : Valencia Instrumental Group ) is a Spanish contemporary music ensemble created in 1991 .
Ruisseau - De Montigny Nature Park opened in 2005 and originally had an area of 22 hectares ( 54 acres ) , which by 2011 grew to an area of 30 hectares ( 74 acres ) .
Force Ministries , part of the Every Nation group , was incorporated on November 16 , 2001 in Austin , TX as a subsidiary of Champions for Christ .
Held each May or June in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada , the Leo Awards were founded by the Motion Picture Arts and Sciences Foundation of British Columbia and in 1999 .
Plasma Pool is an EBM band from Budapest , Hungary that was formed in 1989 .
Sandyford Cricket Club was founded in 1984 in the Dublin suburb of Sandyford .
Prime HD was an Australian television channel , owned by Prime Media Group , that originally launched on 15 October 2007 .
GuardAir AS was a Norwegian airline which operated between 1992 and 2001 .
Founded in 2002 , Pinchot University was the first school to offer an MBA in Sustainable Business .
The People 's Party of Punjab ( Gurmukhi : ਪੀਪਲਜ਼ ਪਾਰਟੀ ਆਫ਼ ਪੰਜਾਬ ) was a Indian political party formed in March 2011 and based in Punjab with Manpreet Singh Badal as the leader , who was a former member of state assembly and nephew of Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal .
The Regiment traces its roots back to the 3rd Dragoon Regiment formed in 1657 , but did not become the Jutland Dragoon Regiment until 1932 , with the amalgamation of the 3rd Dragoon Regiment in Århus and the 5th Dragoon regiment in Randers .
Zapolyariye ( Russian Авиапредприятие Зональное ) is a defunct Russian airline which was founded in 2007 and based in Norilsk , Keasnoyarsk .
The Southern Mongolian Democratic Alliance was created in May 1992 , by Hada and other Mongol activists including Tegexi .
The Party of Hungarian Life ( Magyar Élet Pártja , MÉP ) , also previously known as the Party of National Unity ( Nemzeti Egység Pártja ) from 1932 to 1939 , was a Hungarian Szegedist political party .
Mlele District was formed in 2012 out of part of Mpanda District .
A Jewish National Party ( Jüdische Nationale Partei ) was already founded in 1892 at Lemberg ( Lviv ) , then the capital of the Austrian Kingdom of Galicia , as part of the Zionist movement in Austria - Hungary .
Founded in 2001 by tenor Benoît Haller , La Chapelle Rhénane is a musical ensemble of lyrical and instrumental soloists .
In May 1992 , the party entered the coalition government of Janez Drnovšek , supported by the left wing of the former DEMOS coalition ( besides the Democratic Party , also the Social Democratic Party of Slovenia and the Greens of Slovenia ) , the United List of Social Democrats and the Liberal Democratic Party .
Its subsidiary company , Inner Mongolia Baotou Steel Union ( SSE : 600010 ) , was established and listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 1997 .
Big 106.2 or Big FM was a radio station in Auckland New Zealand that launched on 1 November 2008 at 9AM , broadcasting on 106.2FM .
Shrapnel Records is a guitar - oriented record label started in 1980 by record producer Mike Varney .
Memorial Hospital of Wake County , today known as WakeMed Raleigh Campus , opened in 1961 with 380 beds and 50 doctors .
The Republican Jewish Coalition ( RJC ) , formerly the National Jewish Coalition , founded in 1985 , is a 501(c)(4 ) political lobbying group in the United States that promotes Jewish Republicans .
The first Małpka Express shop was opened in March , 2012 in Warzymice in the West Pomeranian Voivodeship .
The West Wales Museum of Childhood is a museum in Wales which opened in 2005 and now forms a major educational resource in South and West Wales .
Christian Alliance Cheng Wing Gee College was established in 1984 , the third to be affiliated with the Kowloon Tong Church of the Chinese Christian and Missionary Alliance .
WAUG - LD signed on in 1988 as W68BK .
The Environmentalist Agrarian Party ( Albanian : Partia Agrare Ambientaliste ) is an Albanian political party , founded in 1991 .
St. Lucia Airways Limited was a privately owned company founded in 1975 .
The ALEA Ensemble is a chamber music ensemble founded in 1988 in Graz for contemporary music , playing in variable formation including the ALEA Quartet .
In 2007 , the Zonophone label was re - launched again with the release of cult , hard to find , or unreleased material from the whole spectrum of EMI 's back catalogue either as physical CDs , digital downloads or both .
Companhia Aeronáutica Paulista known as CAP or sometimes Paulista was a Brazilian aircraft manufacturer established in São Paulo in 1942 .
The brand was introduced as `` Sam 's American Choice '' in 1991 and has since been shortened to simply `` Sam 's Choice '' .
Los Ciegos Del Barrio actually started in 1997 , though the members of the group had been performing together well before then .
Hackney University Technical College was a university technical college ( UTC ) that opened in September 2012 in the Shoreditch area of the London Borough of Hackney in Greater London , England .
CCTV-14 is a children 's channel in the People 's Republic of China which launched on 28 December 2003 & is owned by China Central Television .
Sandalinas is a Spanish / Swedish progressive metal band founded in 2001 by guitarist Jordi Sandalinas , featuring Rick Altzi on vocals ( also with Masterplan and At Vance ) .
Dallas Contemporary , founded in 1978 , is a contemporary art museum located in the Design District of Dallas , Texas .
Construction began at the former site of Norfolk 's Banana Pier on the downtown Norfolk waterfront in February 1992 , and Nauticus opened to the public in June 1994 .
The R. V. Jones Intelligence Award was created by the CIA in 1993 to honour those whose accomplishments mirror in substance and style those of R. V. Jones , to wit : `` Scientific acumen applied with art in the cause of freedom '' .
In 1986 the NetJets program was created by Santulli as the first fractional aircraft ownership program .
On 7 October 1919 , eight Dutch businessmen , including Frits Fentener van Vlissingen , founded KLM -- the abbreviation of Koninklijke Luchtvaart Maatschappij ( `` Royal Dutch Airlines '' ) as one of the first commercial airline companies .
MISC Berhad was incorporated in 1968 as Malaysia International Shipping Corporation Berhad and is the leading international shipping line of Malaysia .
On 24 February 1962 , Iranian Airways and PAS merged to form the Iran National Airlines Corporation , known as Iran Air .
The Sony α37 or Sony Alpha 37 ( model name SLT - A37 ) is a single - lens reflex style digital camera that replaced the SLT - A35 in 2012 .
Interjet started operations on December 1 , 2005 , with one Airbus A320 aircraft , which had previously belonged to C.A.I. Second ( then Volare Airlines ) .
Alien8 Recordings is an independent record label founded in 1996 in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
The White Pine Music record label was established in 2003 with the support of Central Michigan University 's Office of Research and Sponsored Programs and the College of Communication and Fine Arts .
The Slovene Christian Democrats ( Slovene : Slovenski krščanski demokrati , SKD ) was a Christian Democrat political party in Slovenia between 1989 and 2000 .
Since 1948 , the `` Augsburger Puppenkiste '' had been producing theatrical adaptations of fairy tales and serious pieces .
Between 1987 and 1989 , Disco 2000 released three singles on the KLF Communications label , none of which entered the top 75 of the UK Singles Chart .
Originally named Family Equality Foundation , Equality Hawaii Foundation ( EHF ) was founded on October 27 , 2009 as a 501(c)(3 ) nonprofit corporation .
Lion Cereal ( 2011 - -present ) ingredients :
Merryland Studio ( 1951 - -1978 ) was the second film production studio in the Malayalam language film industry of India .
The Capital Region of Denmark ( Danish : Region Hovedstaden ) is the easternmost administrative region of Denmark , established on January 1 , 2007 as part of the 2007 Danish Municipal Reform , which replaced the traditional counties ( Danish plural : amter , singular : amt ) with five larger regions .
The Parachute Men were an indie pop / indie rock band from Leeds , England , formed in 1985 .
Designblok is a design festival held in Prague , Czech Republic annually in October since 1999 .
NetIQ was founded by Ching - fa Hwang , Her - daw Che , Hon Wong , Ken Prayoon Cheng and Tom Kemp in September 1995 .
Mountain Trade and Development Bank was founded in August 2010 , five and one half years after the cessation of hostilities between South Sudan and Sudan and the signing of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement ( CPA ) in Naivasha , Kenya .
Ecoglasnost ( Bulgarian : Екогласност ) , also known as Independent Society of Ecoglasnost ( Bulgarian : Независимо сдружение Екогласност ) , is an independent Bulgarian environmental organization , established on 11 April 1989 and formally registered on 11 December 1989 .
The Netherlands Film Festival was founded in 1981 by the Dutch film maker Jos Stelling , who called it the `` Netherlands Film Days '' ( Nederlandse Filmdagen ) .
Cedar Fair was founded in 1983 then went public on April 29 , 1987 .
Tiny Hearts is an American trip - hop / electronic music trio formed in 2011 from Detroit & Los Angeles .
Lengsel is a progressive black metal band that formed in 1995 in Norway .
Innerloop Studios ( commonly abbreviated to Innerloop ) was a Norwegian video game developer operating from 1996 to 2003 .
WorldCell was formed in 1996 .
The Chicago , Missouri and Western Railway ( CM&W ) , ( reporting mark CMNW ) was a Class II railroad that operated in the midwest of the United States between 1987 and 1989 .
Abbott Records was an American record label operated by music promoter and producer Fabor Robison ( 1911 - -1986 ) from 1951 to about 1958 .
Traxxas was founded in 1986 , with the goal of offering fully assembled hobby level radio control that could be run right out of the box with little or no assembly , an idea that was new at the time .
Founded in 2012 by Derrick Shanholtzer - Dvorak of The World Is a Beautiful Place & I Am No Longer Afraid to Die , Broken World Media eschews the traditional independent record label approach to work with a wide variety of artists on a project - by - project basis .
The Rose Art Museum , founded in 1961 , is a part of Brandeis University in Waltham , Massachusetts , US .
The Kingdom of Baol or Bawol in central Senegal was one of the kingdoms that arose from the split - up of the Empire of Jolof ( Diolof ) in 1555 .
The Swedish Chamber Orchestra , which was formed in 1995 , is a result of merging the Örebro Chamber Orchestra and the Örebro Wind Ensemble .
Gargoyle Games was a British software company founded in 1983 by Roy Carter and Greg Follis in order to publish their first game , Ad Astra .
Launched in 2012 with headquarters in Dallas , Texas , Mizzen+Main has been featured in numerous publications including The New York Times , The Wall Street Journal , Men 's Health , ESPN and MSNBC .
Since 1992 , this borough comprises the former boroughs 5 , 6 and 7 ( Maxvorstadt - Universität , Maxvorstadt - Königsplatz - Marsfeld and Maxvorstadt - Josephsplatz ) .
Kittie ( stylized as KiTTiE ) are a Canadian heavy metal band formed in London , Ontario in 1996 .
The Kunstmuseum Stuttgart is a contemporary and modern art museum in Stuttgart , Germany , built and opened in 2005 .
I Scream Records is a label founded by Laurens Kusters in 1994 in Brussels , Belgium .
Orthodox Roundtable ( a.k.a . The RCA Roundtable ) was a Modern Orthodox rabbinic think tank that functioned from 1988 until 1994 .
Since 1998 , Xcel Energy 's Windsource program has allowed customers to designate that part or all of their electricity comes from a renewable energy source .
Stonecircle is an acoustic Celtic fusion band , formed in 1993 in Salt Lake City , Utah by George Schoemaker ( 12-string guitar , harmonica , vocals ) .
The first Australian franchise of Burger King Corporation was established in Innaloo , Perth on 18 April 1971 , under the auspices of Cowin 's new company Hungry Jack 's Pty , Limited .
Kings County Distillery was founded by Colin Spoelman and David Haskell in 2009 , spurred by changes in New York State law regarding the licensing of microdistilleries .
The Illinois Policy Institute , a public - policy research organization , was founded in 2002 and has offices in Chicago and Springfield .
The Story Prize is an annual book award established in 2004 that honors the author of an outstanding collection of short fiction with a $ 20,000 cash award .
The company was established by MapleCore in 2004 as MapleNationwide , and in 2006 , it partnered with Fontana Distribution and was rebranded as Fontana North .
Janaki Yugantar English Boarding School was established in 2013 at Ramgopalpur , Mahottari , Nepal .
The Surya Kiran Aerobatic Team ( SKAT ) was formed in 1996 to serve as the `` Ambassadors of the Indian Air Force '' and to `` showcase the professionalism , the caliber and the mettle of the Indian Air Force '' .
Washington State University Tri - Cities was established as one of three regional campuses for Washington State University in 1989 .
In 1966 , the Cayman Islands Football Association was formed , to administer the sport in the islands , which by then had a growing domestic league .
Founded in 2011 , OpenDataSoft targets non - technical users who wish to share and visualize government , health , energy and environmental data .
After a few years of building up the popularity of these sites , Barr registered the I - Mockery.com domain name in August 1999 to house all of his humor sites under the same roof ( and to avoid GeoCities ' increasingly slow performance ) .
The East Tennessee Historical Society was established in 1834 , only 38 years after the establishment of the state of Tennessee , to record the history of the development and settlement of the area .
By the year 1897 , the Fort Wayne Museum of Art School was formally organized from the art classes that had been in session for the past nine years .
Saravah is a French record label founded by musician Pierre Barouh in 1965 .
The Eastern Sudan States Coordinating Council is a body established by the Eastern Sudan Peace Agreement signed by the Government of Sudan and the rebel Eastern Front in June 2006 .
Televisión Regional del Oriente ( Eastern Regional Television , TRO ) is a Colombian regional public television network , created in 1997 .
Legacy Broadcasting , LLC is a broadcasting company founded in 2014 by Sherry Nelson and her daughter Sara Jane Ingram .
Preceded by Viking sites such as Timerevo from the 8th or 9th centuries , the city of Yaroslavl is said to have been founded in 1010 as an outpost of the Principality of Rostov Veliky , and was first mentioned in 1071 .
Front End Loader are an Australian rock band which formed in December 1991 with founding mainstays , Bowden Campbell on guitar and vocals ;
Natore Govt . Boys High School is a secondary school in Natore Sadar Upazila of Natore District that was established in 1910 and nationalized by the Education ministry of Bangladesh in 1968 .
Aquamarine Power was a wave energy company , which was founded in 2005 to commercialise a wave energy device concept known as the Oyster wave energy converter .
Gazprom Export LLC . ( Russian : Газпром Экспорт , before November 1 , 2006 known as Gazexport , Russian : Газэкспорт ) is a Russian company founded in 1973 , the leading exporter of natural gas in the world , supplying Europe and the Commonwealth of Independent States .
Sailor Free is an Italian progressive rock band , originally formed in 1991 .
The University of Thessaly ( UTH ; Greek : Πανεπιστήμιο Θεσσαλίας ) is a university in Thessaly , Greece , founded in 1984 .
Hetzner Online GmbH ( Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung ) began operations in Germany in 1997 under the name Hetzner Online Services and became Hetzner Online AG in 2000 .
Four Points Media Group was a holding company owned by Cerberus Capital Management , established in 2007 to serve as a buyer for 7 television stations formerly owned by CBS Corporation .
Stoneground was a rock band formed in 1970 in Concord , California .
The Gesetzlose Gesellschaft zu Berlin ( literally , lawless ' Society as it had no internal rules ) , is a social society founded in Berlin in 1809 in the aftermath of the Battle of Jena - Auerstedt to press for the reform of Prussian government and society .
The Blimp were a rock band formed in Glasgow , Scotland in 1998 .
The Austrian Fencing Federation was founded in 1929 , with Richard Brunner as its first president , although there had been earlier Austrian fencing bodies , beginning in 1887 with a German - Austrian Fencing Federation founded in Mannheim .
Trango Virtual Processors was founded in 2004 by Pierre Coulombeau and Fabrice Devaux as a subsidiary of ELSYS Design group .
Virgin Radio Italia is a music - based Italian radio station , which started nationwide broadcasting on 12 July 2007 at 12:00 AM ( with the song What a Wonderful World by Joey Ramone ) .
Carousel Kings began in 2009 with the release of their EP Here Comes Trouble .
Relic Entertainment is a Canadian video game developer founded in 1997 .
Shinedown is an American hard rock band from Jacksonville , Florida , formed in 2001 and founded by members Brent Smith ( vocals ) , Brad Stewart ( bass ) , Jasin Todd ( guitar ) , and Barry Kerch ( drums ) .
CILK - FM signed on for the first time at 101.5 MHz with a soft adult contemporary format at 10 AM on June 21 , 1985 , with an average effective radiated power of 11,000 watts .
The Red River Colony ( or Selkirk Settlement ) was a colonization project set up in 1811 by Thomas Douglas , 5th Earl of Selkirk on 300,000 square kilometres ( 120,000 sq mi ) of land .
The Victorian Railways operated in the Australian state of Victoria from 1859 to 1983 .
The firm was formed in 1998 with the amalgamation of the gold assets of Gold Fields of South Africa Limited and Glencor Limited .
The Tranvía del Este , also known as the Puerto Madero Tramway , was a 12-block `` demonstration '' tram line in the Puerto Madero neighborhood of Buenos Aires , Argentina , in operation from 2007 to 2012 .
PDT Partners ( Process Driven Trading Partners ) is a hedge fund company led by quantitative trader Peter Muller that was founded in 2010 as part of Morgan Stanley 's trading division and spun out as an independent business in 2012 .
Curves Music is a Dutch digital music distributor , based in the Netherlands and founded in April 2011 .
Skrol is a Czech avant - garde martial industrial band from Prague , formed in autumn 1995 .
The Tony Conigliaro Award is a national award instituted in 1990 by the Boston Red Sox to honor the memory of Tony Conigliaro .
The history of the settlement goes back to August 25 , 1942 , when Kuloy railway station of the North Pechora Railway was opened .
Istanbul Animation Festival ( Turkish : İstanbul Animasyon Festivali ) is a festival of animated films founded in 2003 and held annually in November .
Seeker Lover Keeper was an Australian indie rock music supergroup formed by Sarah Blasko , Sally Seltmann and Holly Throsby in August 2010 .
Since 1994 the Hôtel d'Assézat houses the Bemberg Foundation ( Fondation Bemberg ) , an art gallery which presents to the public one of the major private collection of art in Europe : the personal collection of the wealthy Argentine Georges Bemberg ( 1915 - -2011 ) .
Aerodrone is an American electro - rock band from Eugene , Oregon , that was founded in 2005 by Gary Zon .
Equity Music Group was an American country music record label founded in 2003 by singer Clint Black .
Advantage Racing was an Australian touring car racing team that competed in the Australian Touring Car Championship in 1992 and 1993 .
In 1992 , however , the missionary diocese withdrew from ECUSA and formed a separate church , the Episcopal Missionary Church .
The club was founded on April 12 , 1931 , when 13 young boys got together in a local KFUM(Icelandic YMCA ) house to form a new athletic club in the town , at the club 's 3rd meeting it was decided that it would be named Knattspyrnufélagið Haukar .
Crazy Town is an American rock band , formed in 1995 by Bret Mazur and Seth Binzer .
Founded in 1988 , Motionhouse operates under the direction of husband and wife team Louise Richards and Kevin Finnan and the company aims to create startling , passionate dance theatre that fuses images , action and dynamism to surprise , challenge and delight their audiences .
The Buffseeds were an indie pop band formed in Exeter , Devon , UK in 1999 , consisting of Kieran Scragg was on lead vocals and guitar , with Joel Scragg on bass , Ella Lewis on drums and Neil Reed on keyboards .
Creative Allies was founded in 2009 by entrepreneur Sean O'Connell , CEO of Music Allies .
Brinson founded Redeem the Vote in 2003 with $ 300,000 of his own money .
BLS AG is a Swiss railway company created by the 2006 merger of BLS Lötschbergbahn and Regionalverkehr Mittelland AG . It is 55.8 % owned by the Canton of Berne , and 21.7 % by the Swiss Confederation .
Raymond Fairchild ( born March 15 , 1944 ) is an American banjo player from the Great Smoky Mountains .
Pietro Amato is a Montreal French horn player .
Elsa Ludewig - Verdehr ( born April 14 , 1936 ) is an American clarinetist and music educator whose contributions to the Verdehr Trio have resulted in an extensive modern body of work for the clarinet - violin - piano trio medium .
Mattias Jacobsson Schulstad was born near Stockholm , Sweden and began to play the guitar in Nacka Municipal Music School and at Södra Latins Gymnasium .
Karl Zinsman Jr. is an Hawaiian/ Reggae multi - instrumentalist ( primarily guitar ) , singer - songwriter , music producer , graphic designer and manager .
Even though the Hi - Yo Silver ! album features a few country & western touches such as pedal and lap steel guitar , the overall sound is more contemporary late 1980s pop music with sequencers , synthesizers and even some dance oriented grooves .
Nimbus , ASIN B0000037BU Beethoven piano sonatas op . 111 and op . 110 , CD - Audio , 1973 ( Erato ) , 1987 Nimbus Inédits de Youra Guller II :
Marty O'Kane plays guitar for the rock band Spiraling .
Anthony Terran or Tony Terran ( born May 30 , 1926 in Buffalo , New York ) is an American trumpet player and session musician .
Charles James Shavers ( August 3 , 1920 -- July 8 , 1971 ) , known as Charlie Shavers , was an American swing era jazz trumpet player who played at one time or another with Dizzy Gillespie , Roy Eldridge , Johnny Dodds , Jimmie Noone , Sidney Bechet , Midge Williams and Billie Holiday .
Dan Sealey - vocals and rhythm guitar Paul McCormack - lead guitar Greg Young - bass guitar Ted Atkinson - drums In 2001 , Late supported Ocean Colour Scene at a number of UK gigs in a slot which had previously been filled by Coldplay .
Thomas Gansch ( born December 31 , 1975 , St. Pölten ) is a well - known , Vienna - based Austrian trumpet player .
Emile Christian played both cornet and trombone with the Papa Jack Laine bands .
Selim Sesler ( 1957 -- May 9 , 2014 ) was a Turkish clarinet virtuoso of Romani heritage .
Alun Ashworth - Jones ( 31 October 1945 Saffron Walden , Essex -- 1 June 2008 ) , known as Al Jones , was an influential English folk and blues songwriter , guitarist and singer , noted for his distinctive and original folk - rock guitar style and his often darkly humorous lyrics .
Tolgahan Çoğulu ( born in 1978 , Turkey ) is a Turkish classical guitarist , arranger and designer of the adjustable microtonal guitar .
Rosie Ledet ( born October 25 , 1971 , Mary Roszela Bellard in Church Point , Louisiana , USA ) is an American Creole Zydeco accordion player and singer .
Ludwig Güttler ( born 13 June 1943 ) is an internationally known German virtuoso on the Baroque trumpet , the piccolo trumpet and the corno da caccia .
Rob Zombie albums have always had bombastic , almost danceable grooves , over the top guitar effects ( ... ) and loads of B - movie sci - fi / horror lyrics . ''
Jimmy Mazzy is a traditional jazz banjo player and vocalist .
Mick Cooke ( born 15 December 1973 ) was the trumpet player of the Scottish indie band Belle & Sebastian for fifteen years before leaving in 2013 to concentrate on composing full - time .
Then , John Glascock played bass guitar , sang backup vocals , occasionally played synthesizers , and even sang lead vocals on a few songs .
Johann Christian Fischer ( c. 1733 -- 29 April 1800 ) was a German composer and oboist , one of the best - known oboe soloists in Europe during the 1770s .
Rick Kiefer ( born 1939 ) is an American trumpet player who has spent most of his career as a professional musician in Germany .
Performing on the tenor and baritone saxophone , often with electronics and loops , Skerik is a pioneer in a playing style that has been dubbed saxophonics .
Luboš Andršt ( born 26 July 1948 , Prague , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech rock guitarist , composer and guitar teacher .
Christophe Pratiffi is a classical guitar player born in France .
Brian Fechino is a guitarist who grew up in Virginia , where at the age of 8 began learning as much about the guitar as possible .
Curtis Ousley ( February 7 , 1934 -- August 13 , 1971 ) , who performed under the stage name King Curtis , was an American saxophone virtuoso known for rhythm and blues , rock and roll , soul , blues , funk and soul jazz .
WARQ is a radio station licensed to Columbia , South Carolina and serves the Columbia market .
WQVE ( 101.7 FM , `` V 101.7 '' ) is a radio station serving Albany , Georgia , USA , and surrounding cities with an urban adult contemporary music format .
CJME is a radio station in Regina , Saskatchewan , Canada , broadcasting at 980 kHz .
CBAM - FM is a radio station broadcasting at 106.1 MHz ( FM ) from Moncton , New Brunswick , Canada , and is the local Radio One station of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation .
WIBX ( 950 AM ) is a talk radio station based in Utica , New York .
KTMG ( 99.1 FM , `` Magic 99.1 '' ) is an American commercial adult contemporary music radio station in Prescott , Arizona , broadcasting to the Prescott , Arizona , area .
KYSE is a Regional Mexican radio station at 94.7 FM in El Paso , Texas , airing the `` La Tricolor '' format from its owner , Entravision Communications .
WVMP is an Adult Album Alternative formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Vinton , Virginia , serving Metro Roanoke , Virginia .
CIMI - FM was a French - language talk radio and modern rock radio station in Quebec City , Quebec , Canada .
WJMZ - FM , 107.3 FM , is an urban contemporary radio station licensed to Anderson , South Carolina and serves the Upstate South Carolina region , including Greenville and Spartanburg .
The Pavlof Islands ( Qudugin in Aleut ) are a group of seven islands that lie south of Pavlof Bay on the Alaska Peninsula .
Ogdensburg Correctional Facility is a medium - security state prison for male prisoners , located in the northern part of St. Lawrence County , New York , USA .
The Prince of Wales Mountains are a mountain range running along the central - east coast of Ellesmere Island , Nunavut , Canada .
Coquelles is a commune in the Pas - de - Calais department near Calais in northern France .
Colmenar Viejo is a town and municipality of about 44,000 inhabitants , located in the Community of Madrid , Spain , 30 kilometers north of Madrid on the M-607 motorway .
The WT Peterson Community Oval , best known as the Brunswick Street Oval and also as the Fitzroy Cricket Ground , is a cricket and Australian rules football ground located in Edinburgh Gardens in Fitzroy North , Victoria .
The St. Laurent Centre ( also known as St. Laurent ) is a major shopping centre located in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada owned and operated by Morguard REIT .
Snow Creek Methodist Church and Burying Ground is a historic Methodist church building and cemetery located near Harmony , Iredell County , North Carolina .
Sovereign Hill is an open - air museum in Golden Point , a suburb of Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .
The Château des Milandes is a manor house in the commune of Castelnaud - la - Chapelle in the Dordogne département of France .
The Hyundai 8 to 25-ton truck ( hangul:현대트럭 ) is a line of heavy - duty commercial vehicle by Hyundai Motor Company .
The HTC Explorer , code - named Pico , is a smartphone developed by the HTC Corporation that was released in October 2011 .
The Hyundai Global 900 ( hangul:현대 글로벌900 ) is a heavy - duty bus built by Hyundai Motor Company .
Some electronic engineering and the manufacture of Apple 's MessagePad devices was undertaken in Japan by the Sharp Corporation .
The TRW Low Maintenance Rifle or , LMR was an insurgency weapon designed by TRW Inc. ( formerly Thompson Ramo Wooldridge ) of the United States during the Vietnam War .
British Aerospace Dynamics offered ALARM while Texas Instruments teamed with Lucas Aerospace offered its HARM missile .
Originally designated ZiL-115 , the ZIL-4104 was an update of the ZIL-114 with which it shared the same chassis and over half its mechanical components .
The Alfa Romeo 2300 is a Brazilian luxury sedan that was produced by FNM from 1974 to 1978 , and by Fiat from 1978 to 1986 .
The ASM - N-5 Gorgon V was an unpowered air - to - surface missile , developed by the Glenn L. Martin Company during the early 1950s for use by the United States Navy as a chemical weapon delivery vehicle .
The British Aerospace Skyflash was a medium - range semi - active radar homing air - to - air missile derived from the US AIM-7 Sparrow missile and carried by Royal Air Force F-4 Phantoms and Tornado F3s , Italian Aeronautica Militare and Royal Saudi Air Force Tornados and Swedish Flygvapnet Viggens .
The Citroën Berlingo and Peugeot Partner are almost identical panel van and leisure activity vehicles produced by the PSA Peugeot Citroën alliance since 1996 .
The Remington Model R-25 is semi - automatic gas - operated rifle manufactured by Remington Arms .
The Chevrolet Kodiak ( also called GMC TopKick ) is a line of medium duty trucks that was marketed and sold by General Motors from 1980 to 2009 , when the company exited the medium - duty truck segment .
The nuclear - powered USS John C. Stennis ( CVN 74 ) was contracted on 29 March 1988 , and the keel was laid on 13 March 1991 at Newport News Shipbuilding Company , Newport News , Virginia .
The Bücker Bü 180 Student was a 1930s German two - seat sporting / training aircraft built by Bücker Flugzeugbau .
The AMC 35 ( from Automitrailleuse de Combat Renault modèle 1935 ) , also known under a manufacturer 's designation Renault ACG-1 , was a French medium cavalry tank of the later Interwar era that served in the Second World War .
The BFW M.20 ( also known as the Messerschmitt M 20 after the designer 's surname ) was a German single - engine , high - wing monoplane 10-seat passenger transport aircraft , developed in the late 1920s and early 1930s .
HMS L33 was a British L - class submarine built by Swan Hunter , Wallsend .
The BFW M.19 , sometimes known as the Messerschmitt M 19 was the first in a line of German low - wing single - engine sports planes designed by Willy Messerschmitt while he worked for Bayerische Flugzeugwerke ( BFW ) .
The Ruger LC9 ( standing for `` Lightweight Compact 9 mm '' ) is a 9 mm caliber , recoil - operated , locked breech , double action only , semi - automatic pistol announced by Sturm , Ruger & Co. at the 2011 SHOT Show .
The FN Special Police Rifle ( FN SPR ) is a bolt - action sniper rifle marketed by FNH USA , a subsidiary of the Belgian company FN Herstal .
The Mitsubishi Raider is a pickup truck from Mitsubishi Motors that debuted in the fall of 2005 as a 2006 model for the United States market and is based largely on the Dodge Dakota .
The BFW M.27 , sometimes known as the Messerschmitt M.27 , was a German two - seat sports plane with a low , cantilever wing , open cockpits and a fixed undercarriage sold in small numbers at the start of the 1930s .
The Bristol 410 was the fourth series of Chrysler V8-engined models from British manufacturer Bristol Cars .
L'Austral was built in 2010 at Fincantieri 's Ancona shipyard , Italy .
The MAT-120 cargo bomb is a Spanish - produced cluster munition , fired from a 120 mm calibre mortar produced by Instalaza SA . The main body of the round holds dual - purpose anti - tank / anti - personnel submunitions .
The Yamaha FJR1300A and FJR1300AE / AS are sport touring motorcycles made by Yamaha Motor Company .
The Noble M600 is a handbuilt British supercar made by Noble Automotive in Leicestershire .
The Yamaha SRX is a motorcycle that was manufactured from 1985 to 1997 by the Yamaha Motor Company .
The UGM-27 Polaris missile was a two - stage solid - fuel rocket nuclear - armed submarine - launched ballistic missile ( SLBM ) built during the Cold War by Lockheed Corporation for the United States Navy .
Liam Carberry ( born 24 February 1993 ) is a rugby league player for Widnes Vikings in the European Super League .
Łukasz Sierpina ( born 27 March 1988 ) is a Polish footballer who plays as a left midfielder for Korona Kielce in the Ekstraklasa .
Cuke Barrows ( October 20 , 1883 -- February 10 , 1955 ) was a baseball outfielder who played for the Chicago White Sox of Major League Baseball from 1909 to 1912 .
Valerie Still ( born 1961 ) is a former United States professional women 's basketball player with the Washington Mystics of the WNBA .
Mannie Jackson ( born May 4 , 1939 ) is the chairman and owner of the Harlem Globetrotters , for whom he played from 1962 to 1964 .
Mykyta Kryukov ( Ukrainian : Микита Олексійович Крюков , born 30 April 1991 in Donetsk , Donetsk Oblast , Ukrainian SSR ) is a Ukrainian football goalkeeper who plays for FC Illichivets Mariupol in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Karol Kłos ( born 8 August 1989 ) is a Polish volleyball player , a member of Poland men 's national volleyball team and Polish club PGE Skra Bełchatów , 2014 World Champion , a bronze medalist of the 2011 European Championship and 2011 World League , Polish Champion ( 2011 , 2014 ) .
Mike Coman ( born 28 September 1987 ) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who plays as loose forward for Edinburgh Rugby in the Guinness Pro12 .
Stijn Stijnen ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈstɛin ˈstɛinə(n ) ) ; born 7 April 1981 ) is a Belgian retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper , and the current sporting director of K.S.C. Hasselt .
Adrian Jacobs ( born 14 August 1980 ) is a former South African rugby union player who played for the Natal Sharks provincially and The Sharks in Super Rugby .
Albsuinda was the only child of Alboin , King of the Lombards in Pannonia ( reigned c. 560 -- 572 ) , and his first wife Chlothsind , daughter of the Merovingian king of the Franks Chlothar ( reigned 511 -- 561 ) .
Sunday Silence was foaled March 25 , 1986 , by Halo out of Wishing Well by Understanding .
Princess Louise , Duchess of Argyll , GCVO , GBE , RRC , GCStJ , VA , CI ( Louise Caroline Alberta ; 18 March 1848 -- 3 December 1939 ) , was the sixth child and fourth daughter of British Queen Victoria and Prince Albert .
Edmund of Langley , 1st Duke of York , KG ( 5 June 1341 -- 1 August 1402 ) was the fourth surviving son of King Edward III of England and Philippa of Hainault .
Manuel II Palaiologos was the second son of Emperor John V Palaiologos and his wife Helena Kantakouzene .
Karigaila ( Polish : Korygiełło , died on 16 September 1390 in Vilnius ) was a son of Algirdas , Grand Duke of Lithuania , and his second wife Uliana of Tver .
Tydeus was a son of Oeneus and either Periboea , Oeneus 's second wife , or Gorge , Oeneus 's daughter .
Magni Wentzel ( born 28 June 1945 in Oslo , Norway ) is a Norwegian jazz musician ( vocals and guitar ) , the daughter of musicians Odd Wentzel - Larsen and Åse Wentzel , and known for a number of jazz recordings .
Catherine Jagiellon was born in Kraków as the youngest daughter of King Sigismund I the Old of the Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth and his wife Bona Sforza of Milan .
Countess Emilia of Nassau ( 10 April 1569 -- 16 March 1629 ) was the third and youngest daughter of William the Silent and his second wife Anna of Saxony .
Crato , Count of Nassau - Saarbrücken ( 7 April 1621 -- 25 Juli 1642 , Straelen ) , was the oldest son of Count William Louis of Nassau - Saarbrücken and his wife , Landgravine Anna Amalia of Baden - Durlach .
Beatrice Alda ( born August 10 , 1961 ; New York City , New York ) is an American actress who appeared in The Four Seasons and Men of Respect and is the daughter of Alan and Arlene Alda .
Infanta Blanca of Spain ( 7 September 1868 -- 25 October 1949 ) was the eldest child of Carlos , Duke of Madrid , Carlist claimant to the throne of Spain and his wife Princess Margherita of Bourbon - Parma .
It is sometimes asserted that Umm Ubays was the daughter of Al - Nahdiah .
Alf Collett was the second son of Peter Jonas and Camilla Collett .
Philip I , Duke of Brabant , also known as Philip of Saint Pol ( 25 July 1404 -- Leuven , 4 August 1430 ) , younger son of Antoine , Duke of Brabant and Jeanne of Saint - Pol , succeeded his brother John as Duke of Brabant in 1427 .
Tanuja was born in a Marathi family of four children , three daughters and a son , as Tanuja Samarth to poet Kumarsen Samarth and his wife Shobhna Samarth .
Esha Deol ( born 2 November 1981 ) is an Indian film actress and older daughter of film actors Dharmendra and Hema Malini .
Muhammad Bidar Bakht ( 4 August 1670 -- 8 June 1707 ) was a Mughal prince as the eldest son of Muhammad Azam Shah , who briefly became Mughal Emperor in 1707 , and his consort Jahanzeb Banu Begum .
Princess Sophia Dorothea of Prussia ( German : Sophia Dorothea Marie von Preußen ) ( 25 January 1719 -- 13 November 1765 ) was the ninth child and fifth daughter of Frederick William I of Prussia and Sophia Dorothea of Hanover .
Lady Louise Windsor ( Louise Alice Elizabeth Mary Mountbatten - Windsor ; born 8 November 2003 ) is the elder child and only daughter of Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , and Sophie , Countess of Wessex .
Prince Ermias Sahle Selassie ( born on 14 June 1960 in Addis Ababa ) is the only son of Prince Sahle Selassie of Ethiopia and Princess Mahisente Habte Mariam .
Mary of Lancaster , Baroness Percy ( 1320 -- 1 September 1362 ) , was the youngest surviving child of Henry , 3rd Earl of Lancaster by his wife Maud Chaworth .
Ismihan Sultan ( c. 1544 -- 7 August 1585 ) was an Ottoman princess , the daughter of Selim II ( reign 1566 - 74 ) and Nurbanu Sultan .
Infanta Elena , Duchess of Lugo ( Elena María Isabel Dominica de Silos de Borbón y de Grecia ; born 20 December 1963 in Madrid ) is the first child and elder daughter of Juan Carlos I of Spain and Queen Sofía of Spain , and third in the line of succession to the Spanish throne .
Fakhr - un - Nissa ( died 1501 ) was a Mughal princess as the eldest child of the first Mughal Emperor Babur and his Empress consort Aisha Sultan Begum .
The son of Tuor and Idril , daughter of Turgon , Eärendil was raised in Gondolin .
The Gölsen is a tributary of the Traisen that is located in the Lower Austrian region of Mostviertel .
The Mlava ( Serbian Cyrillic : Млава ) is the river in Serbia , 158 km long right tributary of the Danube .
The Dras River joins the Suru River at Kharul , 7 km ( 4.3 mi ) north of the town of Kargil .
Nilahue River originates in Cordón Caulle volcano and discharges into Ranco Lake , being its second largest tributary after Calcurrupe River .
The Bandiat is a small river that is 91 km long , a left tributary of the Tardoire .
The Epte is a river in Seine - Maritime and Eure , in Normandy , France .
The Andalién River is a river in the province of Concepcion that was formed north northeast of the city of Florida and flows west to and crosses part of the city of Concepción , Chile , and then north through the communes of Penco and Talcahuano , ending at the Bay of Concepción .
The Ledava is the largest river of Goričko , northeastern Slovenia , and the largest tributary of the Mur River in Slovenia .
Coolongolook River rises on the northern slopes below Mount Chapman within the Koolonock Range , near Wootton , and flows generally north and north northeast , joined by the Wallamba and Wallingat rivers , before reaching its confluence with Wallis Lake ; descending 176 metres ( 577 ft ) over its 47 kilometres ( 29 mi ) course .
Bivane River , a tributary of the Pongola River , situated in the KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa .
The Inde is a left ( western ) tributary of the River Rur ( Roer River ) , in eastern Belgium and in North Rhine - Westphalia , western Germany .
The Arctic Red River is the name of a tributary to the Mackenzie River in the Northwest Territories , Canada .
The Sheboygan River is a river flowing to Lake Michigan in eastern Wisconsin in the United States .
The Greys River is a tributary of the Snake River , flowing through western Wyoming in the United States .
The Garte is a small tributary to the Leine River in Lower Saxony , Germany .
The Pinch River , a perennial river of the Snowy River catchment , is located in the Snowy Mountains region of New South Wales , Australia .
Pambula River rises in timbered highlands near the locality of Lochiel and flows generally east , flowing through Pambula Lake , before reaching its mouth into the Tasman Sea of the South Pacific Ocean near the locality of Pambula Beach .
The Nenana River ( Lower Tanana : Nina No '' ) is a tributary of the Tanana River , approximately 140 miles ( 230 km ) long , in central Alaska in the United States .
The Grünhirscher Stollen is discharging its waters into Sperrlutter .
Bolshaya Lyampa ( Russian : Большая Лямпа ) is a river in Perm Krai , Russia , a right tributary of Uls River which in turn is a tributary of Vishera River .
After cutting the Canadian National Railway track at 5.45 kilometres ( 3.39 mi ) west of the Richelieu River , the Lacolle River runs directly east , in parallel ( north side ) to the Quebec Route 202 and the railway .
The Des Plaines River is a river that flows southward for 133 miles ( 214 km ) through southern Wisconsin and northern Illinois in the United States Midwest , eventually meeting the Kankakee River west of Channahon to form the Illinois River , a tributary of the Mississippi River .
The Anseba River ( Tigrinya : ኣንሰባ ? ) is a tributary of the Barka River in Eritrea with a length of 346 kilometers .
The Sesia ( Latin Sesites or Sessites ) is a river in north - western Italy , tributary to the Po .
The Owyhee River is a tributary of the Snake River located in northern Nevada , southwestern Idaho and southeastern Oregon in the United States .
Bimberamala River , a perennial river of the Clyde River catchment , is located in the Southern Tablelands and the upper ranges of the South Coast regions of New South Wales , Australia .
The river Loimijoki is a river in Finland and the longest tributary of the river Kokemäenjoki .
The Blanda is a river in Iceland which flows northwards from the northwest side of the Hofsjökull glacier into Húnaflói bay at Blönduós .
It flow near La Salute di Livenza and finally enters the Adriatic Sea near Caorle .
The River Camac ( sometimes spelled Cammock , or , historically , Cammoge or Cammoke ; Irish : An Chamóg or Abhainn na Camóige ) is one of the larger rivers in Dublin and was one of four tributaries of the Liffey critical to the early development of the city .
Murray Mouth is the point at which the River Murray meets the Southern Ocean .
Golgi 's method is a silver staining technique discovered by Italian physician and scientist Camillo Golgi ( 1843 - -1926 ) in 1873 that is used to visualize nervous tissue under light microscopy .
USS Bordelon ( DD / DDR-881 ) was one of 98 World War II Gearing - class destroyers of the United States Navy , and was named for Marine Staff Sergeant William J. Bordelon ( 1920 - -1943 ) , who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his heroism in the Battle of Tarawa .
In mathematics , Serre 's multiplicity conjectures , named after Jean - Pierre Serre , are certain purely algebraic problems , in commutative algebra , motivated by the needs of algebraic geometry .
Aptostichus stephencolberti is a species of trapdoor spider named after the American satirist Stephen Colbert .
Georg Cantor ( 1884 ) introduced the Cantor function and mentioned that Scheeffer pointed out that it was a counterexample to an extension of the fundamental theorem of calculus claimed by Harnack .
The Max Planck Society for the Advancement of Science ( German : Max - Planck - Gesellschaft zur Förderung der Wissenschaften e. V. ; abbreviated MPG ) is a formally independent non - governmental and non - profit association of German research institutes founded in 1948 and named in honor of its former president , theoretical physicist Max Planck .
Dawkinsia is named after the evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins in recognition of his `` contribution to the public understanding of science , particularly , of evolutionary science '' .
The Kifisias railway station is a railway station located on Kifisias Avenue in Marousi , Greece .
2959 Scholl , provisional designation 1983 RE2 , is an asteroid of the outer main - belt , named after German astronomer Hans Scholl .
The Lehmann discontinuity is an abrupt increase of P - wave and S - wave velocities at the depth of 220±30 km , discovered by seismologist Inge Lehmann .
Just Heroes ( Chinese : 義膽群英 ) is a 1989 Hong Kong crime film , directed by John Woo and Wu Ma .
Virtua Tennis 2009 ( Power Smash : Live Match ! in Japan ) is a 2009 video game developed by Sumo Digital and published by Sega .
Bering Sea Gold is a reality television series set in Nome , Alaska that airs on Discovery Channel , with reruns also airing on TLC .
K.W. Jeter Morlock Night uses the ideas of H. G. Wells in which the Morlocks of The Time Machine themselves use the device to travel back into the past and menace Victorian London .
Bullets Over Summer is a 1999 Hong Kong action film directed by Wilson Yip and starring Francis Ng and Louis Koo .
Secret Diary of a Call Girl is a British television drama broadcast on ITV2 from 2007 to 2011 based on the blog and books by the pseudonymous `` Belle de Jour , '' starring Billie Piper as Belle , a high - class London call girl .
Appenzell , Switzerland Daniele Birman , a young Swiss landowner , is in love with Betly , a beautiful and independent girl , who , however , does n't return his feelings .
Violent Saturday was filmed in color , on location in Bisbee , Arizona .
Emmerdale ( known as Emmerdale Farm until 1989 ) is a long - running British soap opera set in Emmerdale ( known as Beckindale until 1994 ) , a fictional village in the Yorkshire Dales .
Set in an Alexandra slum , in Johannesburg , South Africa , the film tells the story of Tsotsi , a young street thug who steals a car only to discover a baby in the back seat .
Ward Crane ( May 18 , 1890 -- July 21 , 1928 ) was a silent film actor popular in comedies and dramas .
Thomas Battersbee ( 22 June 1794 -- July 1865 ) was an English cricketer who played for Kent .
Binho Marques ( born October 29 , 1962 , in São Paulo ) is a Brazilian politician , and was the Governor of Acre from 2006 to 2010 , when the government was assumed by Tião Viana .
Per Waldemar Hammenhög ( April 18 , 1902 -- November 1 , 1972 ) was a Swedish writer and novelist .
Simon Goodrich ( 1773 - -1847 ) was an engineer to the British Navy Board .
Ridley Bent is a Canadian country singer - songwriter .
Robert Budreau ( born January 25 , 1974 ) is a Canadian director , screenwriter and producer at his production company Lumanity with offices in Toronto , and North Bay .
Gregor Piatigorsky ( Russian : Григо́рий Па́влович Пятиго́рский , Grigoriy Pavlovich Pyatigorskiy ; April 17 ( O.S. April 4 ) 1903 -- August 6 , 1976 ) was a Russian - born American cellist .
Leo Arnaud or Léo Arnaud ( /ˈleɪ.oʊ ɑrˈnoʊ/ ; July 24 , 1904 -- April 26 , 1991 ) was a French - American composer of film scores , best known for `` Bugler 's Dream '' , which is used as the theme by television networks presenting the Olympic Games in the United States .
Xianzi of Han ( Chinese : 韩献子 ; pinyin : Hán Xiànzǐ ) , ancestral name Jì ( 姬 ) , clan name Hán ( 韩 ) , personal name Jué ( 厥 ) , and posthumously known as Xianzi of Han , was the fifth head of the House of Han and a Jin politician and general .
The Gnoufs is an animated cartoon created by Bertrand Santini that was shown on France 3 .
Biker Battleground Phoenix is a scripted reality television series developed for the History Channel .
Sawaal Dus Crore Ka was an Indian television reality game show series that aired on Zee TV .
The Sunshine Hour is a Canadian music variety television series which aired on CBC Television in 1976 .
Brooke Knows Best is a VH1 reality series spin off from the hit VH1 reality program , Hogan Knows Best .
Glenroe was a television drama series broadcast on RTÉ One in Ireland between September 1983 , when the first episode was aired , and May 2001 , when the last episode went out on Sunday evening television in Ireland .
India Calling was a Hindi television serial that airs on STAR One from Monday to Friday at 7:30 PM IST .
Show Me Yours is a Canadian comedy television series originally aired on Showcase between May 26 , 2004 and May 31 , 2005 .
Hot Stove is an offseason baseball talk show that airs on MLB Network and is simulcast on MLB Network Radio .
Spring Break Challenge is a one - off MTV reality game show spun off from MTV 's long - running reality game show , The Challenge .
The New Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is an American children 's television series that originally aired on NBC from September 15 , 1968 through February 23 , 1969 .
All in the Family is an American sitcom that was originally broadcast on the CBS television network from January 12 , 1971 , to April 8 , 1979 .
The Magic Clown was an NBC TV series which ran from 1949 to 1954 .
Mamamia Show is a singing contest reality television show broadcast on the Indonesian TV channel Indosiar .
Car 54 , Where Are You ? is an American sitcom that ran on NBC from 1961 to 1963 , and was about two New York police officers based at the fictional 53rd precinct in The Bronx .
Cara Fi ( Love Me ) is a Welsh romantic comedy - drama series that first broadcast in November 2014 on S4C , and was later made available on the BBC iPlayer .
What 's the Story is an American television game show broadcast on the DuMont Television Network from July 25 , 1951 to September 23 , 1955 and aired in eleven different timeslots .
R. K. Laxman Ki Duniya was an Indian comedy TV show on SAB TV .
The Amazing Chan and the Chan Clan ( sometimes abbreviated as The Amazing Chan Clan ) is a 30-minute Saturday morning animated series produced by Hanna - Barbera Productions , animated by Eric Porter Studios in Australia and broadcast on CBS from September 9 , 1972 to December 30 , 1972 .
Wire in the Blood is a British crime drama television series , created and produced by Coastal Productions for the ITV network that ran from 2002 to 2008 .
Jersey No . 10 is an Indian television series that premiered on November 5 , 2007 on SAB TV .
The Last Word with Lawrence O'Donnell is an hour - long weeknight news and political commentary program on MSNBC .
Jenna 's American Sex Star is an adult pay - per - view reality television series hosted by Jenna Jameson on Playboy TV that ran from 2005 until 2006 .
Fox & Friends First is a morning television news program on Fox News Channel .
Saturday Primetime , officially Saturday Primetime presented by DirecTV , is an American television program that appears on ESPN during the college basketball regular season .
Texas Car Wars was an American reality documentary television series on the Discovery Channel .
Ghost Hunters is an American paranormal reality television series that premiered on October 6 , 2004 , on Syfy ( previously the Sci Fi Channel ) .
¡ Mucha Lucha ! ( later known as ¡ Mucha Lucha ! : Gigante ) is an American - Mexican - Canadian animated television series that premiered on Kids ' WB on August 17 , 2002 .
Video Mods was a television series that aired on MTV2 .
The People 's Book of Records was featured as part of a £ 430 million season of new television programming on Channel 4 during 2003 , and ran for a single series of nine 30-minute weekly episodes .
My Great Big Adventure is an Australian children 's television series aired on ABC3 on 29 January 2012 .
Magicland was a television magic show for children that ran for 23 years on the Memphis , Tennessee , station WMC - TV .
The Frankie Howerd Show was a Canadian comedy television series which aired on CBC Television in 1976 .
Scotsport was a Scottish sports television programme , broadcast on STV in northern and central Scotland , as well as on ITV Border in southern Scotland .
Liberty 's Kids is an animated educational historical fiction television series produced by DIC Entertainment , originally broadcast on PBS Kids from September 2 , 2002 to April 4 , 2003 , although PBS continued to air reruns until 2006 .
Pobre señorita Limantour ( English title : Poor Miss Limantour ) is a Mexican telenovela broadcast on El Canal de las Estrellas in 1987 .
DinoSquad is an American animated television series that was produced by DIC Entertainment ( Now DHX Media ) and aired on the KEWLopolis block on CBS from November 3 , 2007 - September 12 , 2009 .
Boston 's Finest is an American reality television series on TNT which chronicles the daily operations of the Boston Police Department .
Saving Babies is an Australian medical documentary television series that screened on Network Ten from 15 February 2007 to 29 March 2007 ; airing seven episodes .
My Living Doll is an American science fiction sitcom that aired for 26 episodes on CBS from September 27 , 1964 to March 17 , 1965 .
Dating Naked is an American reality series shown on VH1 , which debuted on July 17 , 2014 .
Biff Baker , U.S.A. is an American crime drama television series that aired on CBS from November 6 , 1952 , to March 26 , 1953 starring Alan Hale , Jr. as Cold War spy Biff Baker .
Picker Sisters is an American reality television show airing on the Lifetime network .
Palibhasa Lalake ( Just Because ( You 're ) A Man ) is a Philippine TV sitcom series on ABS - CBN which ran from 1987 to 1998 and directed by Johnny Manahan .
Simply Shekhar is an Indian late - night talk show that was hosted by popular comedy - actor Shekhar Suman , on Zee TV .
Scam City is a television show which started airing on Travel + Escape in June 2012 , and has subsequently aired on the National Geographic Channel , and in Australia on the subscription channel Nat Geo People .
Way Out Games aired on CBS from September 11 , 1976 to September 4 , 1977 and was hosted by Sonny Fox .
Shaqtin ' a Fool is a weekly television show that is shown during Inside the NBA , the postgame show of NBA on TNT following the conclusion of National Basketball Association ( NBA ) games airing on cable TV channel TNT .
The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon is an American hit late - night talk show hosted by Jimmy Fallon on NBC .
Undercover Princes is a BBC Three reality TV show which took three royal claimants from foreign cultures and placed them in Brighton where they had to ' live and date ' like normal people .
Teen Mom , renamed Teen Mom OG since the fifth season , is an American reality television series that premiered on December 8 , 2009 on MTV .
European Parliament Report is an Irish television programme broadcast on RTÉ One and RTÉ News Now .
`` Winter Is Coming '' is the first episode of the HBO medieval fantasy television series Game of Thrones .
Sight and Cast is a Canadian outdoors television series which aired on CBC Television from 1965 to 1966 .
Europe Tonight was an evening television business news programme which was broadcast on CNBC Europe from 2004 to 2009 .
Sunday Night Baseball is an exclusive weekly telecast of a Major League Baseball game that airs Sunday nights at 8 p.m. ET on ESPN during the regular season ( the official name is ESPN 's Sunday Night Baseball Presented by Taco Bell ; previous presenting sponsors included Nextel and Bank of America . )
It 's Anybody 's Guess is an American game show broadcast on NBC from June 13 to September 30 , 1977 .
The Reid Report was an hour - long weekday U.S. and world political commentary program on MSNBC .
My Bare Lady is a 2006 United Kingdom - based reality TV show that aired on the Fox Reality Channel .
Paul Bernard , Psychiatrist is a Canadian dramatic television series which aired on CBC Television from 1971 to 1972 .
The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour was an American comedy and variety show television series hosted by the Smothers Brothers and initially airing on CBS from 1967 to 1969 .
Doctor Who finally returned with the episode `` Rose '' on BBC One on 26 March 2005 .
Alt for Norge ( All for Norway , though marketed in the United States as The Great Norway Adventure ) is a Norwegian reality television series which debuted in 2010 and appears on TVNorge and hosted by Henriette Bruusgaard .
Pepper Dennis is a comedy - drama television series that aired on The WB from April to July 4 , 2006 .
18 to Life is a Canadian television sitcom that debuted on January 4 , 2010 , on CBC Television .
Válgame Dios , is a Venezuelan telenovela produced by Carolina de Jacobo for Venevisión .
Wizadora is a children 's television programme broadcast on ITV in the United Kingdom from 5 January 1993 to 3 February 1998 .
My Tiny Terror is an American reality television series that premiered on Animal Planet on May 30 , 2014 .
Côr Cymru is a Welsh TV Competition searching for the best choir in Wales , and airing every 2 years on S4C.
Cory in the House is a television show , which aired on the Disney Channel from January 12 , 2007 to September 13 , 2008 and was a spin - off from the Disney show That 's So Raven .
Día a Día con Raymond y Dagmar is a variety program at 2:00 pm on WKAQ - TV Telemundo Puerto Rico with Raymond Arrieta and Dagmar .
Histeria ! was aired on Kids ' WB from 1998 to 2000 , which continued to air reruns until August 30 , 2001 .
Search for Tomorrow is an American soap opera that aired on CBS from September 3 , 1951 to March 26 , 1982 , and on NBC from March 29 , 1982 to December 26 , 1986 .
The Kremandala Show is a Belizean political commentary talk show airing on Krem Radio and Krem Television .
Championship Wrestling from Hollywood ( CWFH ) formerly ( NWA Championship Wrestling from Hollywood ) is a professional wrestling television program that airs on KDOC - TV Los Angeles in the United States .
Puppets Who Kill is a Canadian television comedy programme produced by PWK Productions and originally broadcast on The Comedy Network .
Designer Guys was a Canadian design show on HGTV , created by Mary Darling and produced by WestWind Pictures .
Edgewise is an hour - long television news magazine program that aired on MSNBC from 1996 to 1997 .
Tee to Green is a Canadian sports education television series which was broadcast on CBC Television in 1970 .
Fish Warrior is a television series on National Geographic Channel hosted by Jakub Vágner .
Educating Essex is a British documentary television programme produced by Twofour for Channel 4 that ran for seven episodes from September to November 2011 .
Kaputol ng Isang Awit or Unsung Melody ( international title ) is a Philippine drama airing on GMA Network , as the seventh installment of Sine Novela .
Totally Clueless is an American hidden camera game show on MTV that premiered on October 22 , 2012 .
Drop the Beat was a Canadian television series produced by Back Alley Films , which aired on CBC Television in 2000 .
Gross ! is a cartoon television show that aired on children 's channel Discovery Kids .
Dirty Sally is an American comedy - drama Western series which ran on CBS from January 11 until April 5 , 1974 .
Today Acanthopholis is considered a member of the Nodosauridae within the Ankylosauria .
The American cockroach ( Periplaneta americana ) , also colloquially known as the waterbug , but not a true waterbug since it is not aquatic , or misidentified as the palmetto bug ( see Florida woods cockroach for the differences ) , is the largest species of common cockroach , and often considered a pest .
Laevinesta atlantica is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae , the keyhole limpets .
Caspian tyulka , Clupeonella caspia , is a species of fish in the Clupeidae family .
Hippomane is a genus of plants in the Euphorbiaceae described by Linnaeus in 1753 .
Microscopically , Lactarius species have elliptical , rarely globoid spores with amyloid ornamentation in the form of more or less prominent warts or spines , connected by ridges , like other members of the Russulaceae family .
The Rodrigues parrot ( Necropsittacus rodricanus ) is an extinct parrot in the family Psittaculidae .
Underwood 's water mouse ( Rheomys underwoodi ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
The Centralian tree frog ( Litoria gilleni ) is a large species of tree frog native to a small area in central Australia .
Lyciasalamandra is a genus of salamander in the Salamandridae family , native to Turkey and Greece .
Francesco Dapiran ( December 15 , 1920 -- April 18 , 2015 ) was an Italian rower who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London .
Roger Walkowiak ( pronounced : ( ʁɔ.ʒe wal.kov.jak ) ; born March 2 , 1927 ) is a French former road bicycle racer who won the 1956 Tour de France .
Hans Burkhard ( born 24 December 1973 ) is a Liechtenstein cyclist and former alpine skier who competed in the 1994 Winter Olympics .
Albert Thévenon ( September 16 , 1901 in Lyon -- May 10 , 1959 in Paris ) was a French water polo player who competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics .
Kate Hooven ( born January 3 , 1985 ) is an American synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Dieter Kühn ( born 4 July 1956 in Leipzig , Saxony ) is a former football ( soccer ) player from East Germany , who won the silver medal with the East German national team at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow , Soviet Union .
Primitivo Martínez ( born 24 September 1911 , date of death unknown ) was a Filipino basketball player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics and in the 1948 Summer Olympics .
Angelina Grün ( born December 2 , 1979 in Dushanbe , Soviet Union ( now capital of Tajikistan ) is a German volleyball player , who was a member of the German Women 's Team at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney , Australia . Grün also competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece .
Kelly Stefanyshyn ( born July 6 , 1982 ) is a Canadian competitive swimmer and backstroke specialist who represented her native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney , Australia .
Victor Henny ( 30 October 1887 in Salatiga , Dutch East Indies -- 12 July 1941 in London , United Kingdom ) was a Dutch athlete , who competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London .
Sadiq Abdullahi ( born February 2 , 1960 ) is a former tennis player from Nigeria , who represented his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , where he was defeated in the first round by Spain 's Javier Sánchez .
Valerio Sánchez is a field hockey player who competed for Argentina at the 1948 Summer Olympics .
Henri Cornet ( born Henri Jardry , Desvres , France , 4 August 1884 , died Prunay - le - Gillon , 18 March 1941 ) was a French cyclist who won the 1904 Tour de France .
Ragnar Mattson ( January 5 , 1892 -- December 5 , 1965 ) , also Bernlöf , was a Swedish athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Vladimír Jarý ( born January 2 , 1947 ) is a Czechoslovak handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Zhang Chujun ( born 14 May 1976 ) is a Chinese sailor who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Worapoj Petchkoom ( born May 18 , 1981 , Thai : วรพจน์ เพชรขุ้ม ) is a Thai boxer who competed in the bantamweight ( 54 kg ) at the 2004 Summer Olympics and won the silver medal losing to Cuban superstar Guillermo Rigondeaux .
Eldrine ( stylised as ƎLDRINE and also known as Eldraini ) is a Georgian nu metal band that represented Georgia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 with the song `` One More Day '' .
Caroline Fletcher ( later Metten ) ( November 22 , 1906 -- April 3 , 1998 ) was an American diver who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics .
Lothar Thoms ( born 18 May 1956 ) is a retired track cyclist from East Germany , who represented his native country at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow , Russia .
Lindsay Seemann ( born September 22 , 1992 ) is a Canadian swimmer who participated in the 200-metre backstroke at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Softengine is a Finnish alternative rock band that represented Finland in the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Copenhagen , Denmark , with their song `` Something Better '' .
Abdelhak Achik ( born March 11 , 1959 ) is a former Moroccan amateur boxer , who won the bronze medal in the men 's featherweight ( -- 57 kg ) category at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul .
Dragutin Babić ( 1897 -- 17 May 1945 ) was a Croatian footballer who represented the national team of the Kingdom of Serbs , Croats and Slovenes at the 1924 and 1928 Summer Olympics .
Lawrence Allen ( born 25 April 1921 ) is a British former racewalker who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Afro - dite came together to sing the song `` Never let it go '' for the Eurovision Song Contest 2002 .
Fahir Özgüden ( 1933 -- 8 August 1979 ) was a Turkish hurdler who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics .
Hendrik van Heuckelum ( 6 May 1879 , The Hague -- 28 April 1929 , The Hague ) , nicknamed Henk , was a Dutch football player who represented Belgium at the 1900 Summer Olympics , and won a bronze medal in the soccer tournament .
Bridget Franek ( born November 8 , 1987 ) is an American middle distance runner who has made the U.S. Olympic team for the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 3000 meter steeplechase .
Nicole Richardson ( born 26 June 1970 in Melbourne ) is a softball player from Australia , who won a bronze medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics .
Alphonse Achille Souchard ( 17 May 1900 -- 24 September 1976 ) was a French cyclist who competed in the road race at the 1920 Summer Olympics .
Raika Fujii ( born 5 July 1974 ) is a Japanese former synchronized swimmer who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Sybil Fenton Newall ( 17 October 1854 -- 24 June 1929 ) , best known as Queenie Newall , was an English archer who won the gold medal at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London .
Arvi Aavik ( born 31 December 1969 , Viljandi ) is an Estonian former wrestler who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics and in the 1996 Summer Olympics .
Ljiljana Mugoša ( Serbian : Љиљана Мугоша , born April 10 , 1962 in Titograd , SR Montenegro , Yugoslavia ) is a former Yugoslav handball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Marie Line , also known as Marie Line Marolany or Maro Lany , is a French singer that took part in the Eurovision Song Contest 1998 for France .
The 1st Venezuelan Rifles ( Spanish : 1.er Regimiento de Rifles de Venezuela ) was a nominally Irish regiment that took part in the Venezuelan War of Independence .
Genowefa Kobielska ( later Cejzikowa , later Zimnochova , April 24 , 1906 -- July 16 , 1993 ) was a Polish track and field athlete who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics .
Sandra Caldarone ( born 15 October 1972 ) , better known as Sandra Kim , is a Belgian singer of Italian descent who won the Eurovision Song Contest 1986 .
Benn Harradine ( born 14 October 1982 in Newcastle , New South Wales ) is an Australian discus thrower who was selected to compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing and the 2012 Summer Olympics in London .
Shinji Ito ( born 11 June 1963 ) is a former Japanese swimmer who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Mohammad Mansha ( born June 9 , 1962 ) was a Pakistan sprinter who represented the country at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles , in both the 100 and 200 metres events .
Georges Anthony was a Belgian rowing coxswain who won a bronze medal in the coxed pairs at the 1928 Summer Olympics .
The Shiru Group was the Israeli band that represented Israel in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993 held in Millstreet , Ireland .
Menggenjimisu won a Gold Medal at the 2008 Summer Paralympics F40 Discus competing under the name Jimisu Menggen .
Benjamín Ramón Astudillo is an Argentine football defender who played for Argentina in the 1934 FIFA World Cup .
Rudy Kuntner ( June 10 , 1908 in Vienna , Austria -- December 16 , 1982 in Rego Park , New York ) was a U.S .- Austrian soccer forward who was a member of the U.S. team at the 1928 Summer Olympics .
Stefan Grützner ( born 29 June 1948 in Chemnitz ) is a German former weightlifter who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Jean Hoffman ( born 29 September 1893 - died ? ) was a Belgian water polo player who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Karine Legault ( born August 4 , 1978 ) is a former freestyle swimmer who competed for Canada at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney , Australia .
Omar Naber won Bitka talentov , the Slovenian version of the Battle of the talents , and participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005 with `` Stop '' ( in Slovene ) , a song he had composed himself .
Isolde Kostner ( born 20 March 1975 ) is an Italian former Alpine skier who won two bronze medals at the 1994 Winter Olympics and 1 silver medal at 2002 Winter Olympics .
In 1972 , Ze'ev Friedman competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich , West Germany as a weightlifter .
Florian Schwarthoff ( born May 7 , 1968 in Dortmund ) is a former German hurdler best known for winning a bronze medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics .
Akemi Sugiyama ( Japanese : 杉山 明美 ; born March 1 , 1965 ) is a Japanese former volleyball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Marzena Karpińska ( born February 19 , 1988 in Biłgoraj ) is a Polish weightlifter who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Jin Jong - oh ( born 24 September 1979 in Gangwon ) is a South Korea sports shooter who competed at the 2004 , 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics .
Werner Christoph ( born 13 January 1943 ) was a German sailor who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Dixon Boardman ( March 26 , 1880 -- October 15 , 1954 ) was an American track and field athlete who competed at the 1900 Summer Olympics in Paris , France .
Anatoliy Yulin ( Belarusian : Анатоль Юлін ; 9 March 1929 -- 29 August 2002 ) was a Belarusian athlete who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics .
Péter Abay ( born 13 May 1962 ) is a Hungarian fencer , who won a silver medal in the team sabre competition at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona together with György Nébald , Bence Szabó , Imre Bujdosó and Csaba Köves .
Władysław Kozakiewicz ( born 8 December 1953 ) is a Polish pole vault jumper , an Olympic champion at the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Prasiddha Jung Shah ( Nepali : प्रसिद्ध जंग शाह ) ( born 3 June 1989 ) is a Nepalese swimmer who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Gilbert Lenin Castillo Rivera ( born August 21 , 1988 ) is a Dominican professional boxer who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Patrick Meek ( born November 10 , 1985 ) is American speed skater who represented the United States at the 2014 Winter Olympics .
Barbara Harel ( born 5 May 1977 ) is a French judoka who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics , in the 2004 Summer Olympics , and in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Hector Llatser ( born 10 November 1957 ) is a French former sprinter who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Sandra Vander - Heyden ( born December 26 , 1964 in Nashua , New Hampshire ) is an American former field hockey player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Su Huijuan ( simplified Chinese : 苏惠娟 ; traditional Chinese : 蘇惠娟 ; pinyin : Sū Huìjuān ; born April 3 , 1964 ) is a Chinese volleyball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics , in the 1988 Summer Olympics , and in the 1992 Summer Olympics .
Giulio Chiesa ( 23 April 1928 -- 14 July 2010 ) was an Italian pole vaulter who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics .
Fabiano Bruzzi is a Brazilian Paralympic footballer that won Silver medal for his participation in 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens , Greece .
Brian Holm Sørensen ( born 2 October 1962 ) is a retired Danish professional rider in road bicycle racing from 1986 to 1998 , who rode for Team Telekom from 1993 to 1997 and was part of the team that brought his fellow Dane Bjarne Riis to victory in the 1996 Tour de France .
Hassan Sardar ( Urdu : حسن سردار ) ( born October 22 , 1959 in Karachi , Pakistan ) is a former field hockey player and captain from Pakistan , who won the golden medal with the Men 's National Hockey Team at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles , California .
Hans Zikeli ( October 10 , 1910 -- February 6 , 1999 ) was a Romanian field handball player of German origin who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Edward Vaughan Bevan ( 3 November 1907 -- 22 February 1988 ) was a British doctor and rower who won a gold medal at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam .
Ashley Carey ( born 23 May 1969 ) is a former field hockey player from Australia , who was a member of the team that won the silver medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , Spain .
Song Seung - tae ( born January 3 , 1972 ) is a field hockey striker from South Korea , who was a member of the Men 's National Team that won the silver medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney .
Folkert Meeuw ( born 11 November 1946 ) is a German former swimmer who competed at the 1968 and 1972 Summer Olympics , and won a silver medal in the 4×200 m freestyle relay in 1972 .
Joachim Kunz ( born February 9 , 1959 ) is a German weightlifter who competed for East Germany in the 1980 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Gastone Pierini ( born September 27 , 1899 , died in 1967 in Brazil ) was an Italian weightlifter who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics , in the 1928 Summer Olympics , in the 1932 Summer Olympics , and in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Russell Butler ( born 6 March 1968 ) is an Australian former diver who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics and in the 1996 Summer Olympics .
György Mizsei ( born November 30 , 1971 in Kiskunfélegyháza ) was a Hungarian boxer , who won a bronze medal in the light middleweight division at the 1992 Summer Olympics .
Alfredo Peñaloza Carmona ( born 31 March 1947 in Mexico City ) is a Mexican former long - distance runner who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Albert Michant was a Belgian water polo player and won Silver medals at the 1900 Summer Olympics and the 1908 Summer Olympics .
Highlight 's of Jukka Tammi 's International career are : 1988 Winter Olympics :
Mohamed Kedir ( Amharic : ሞሐመድ ከድር ; born September 18 , 1954 ) is a former long - distance runner from Ethiopia , who won the bronze medal in men 's 10,000 metres at the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Franklin Standard Johnson ( born June 8 , 1949 ) is a former basketball player from Cuba , who won the bronze medal with the men 's national team at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich , West Germany .
Egill Reimers ( July 18 , 1878 in Bergen -- November 11 , 1946 ) was a Norwegian architect and sailor who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics .
Valerio Vermiglio ( born March 1 , 1976 in Messina ) is an Italian volleyball player , who was a member of the Italian men 's national team , that won the silver medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece .
Janet Culp ( born February 24 , 1982 ) is an American synchronized swimmer who competed in the women 's team event at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Roland Schröder ( born 17 August 1962 in Koethen ) is a retired German rower who won a gold medal in 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul .
Vincenzo Biava ( born 18 April 1916 ) is an Italian former sport shooter who competed in the 50 metre rifle , three positions event at the 1960 Summer Olympics .
August Lehmann ( 26 January 1909 in Zurich-- 13 September 1973 ) was a Swiss footballer who played for Switzerland in the 1938 FIFA World Cup .
Charles Rozoy ( born in Chenôve on 4 March 1987 ) is a Paralympic swimmer of France who won a gold medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in the men 's S8 100 m butterfly .
Jeff Riseley 's first major competition was the 2007 World Championships in Athletics , competing in the Men 's 800 metres .
Vesna Despotović ( born 18 April 1961 ) is a Serbian basketball coach and former basketball player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Ahmed Wagih El - Kashef ( 5 February 1909 -- 1973 ) was an Egyptian football forward who played for Egypt in the 1934 FIFA World Cup .
Marta Gambella ( born 7 June 1974 ) is an Italian softball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Babak Nourzad ( Persian : بابک نورزاد‎‎ , born 14 August 1978 in Ghaemshahr ) is an Iranian former wrestler who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Céline Carzo is a French singer who represented Luxembourg in the Eurovision Song Contest 1990 .
Léopold Standaert was a sailor from Belgium , who represented his native country at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Ostend , Belgium in the 8 Metre .
Zoltán Bergendi ( born 21 March 1969 in Šaľa ) is a Hungarian - Slovak former handball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics .
Simon Ammann ( born 25 June 1981 ) is a Swiss ski jumper and double Olympic Champion at both the 2002 and 2010 Winter Olympics .
Aghasi Mammadov ( born June 1 , 1980 in Baku , Azerbaijan SSR ) is an Azerbaijani boxer who competed in the bantamweight division ( 54 kg ) at the 2004 Summer Olympics and won the bronze medal .
Ahed Joughili ( born October 10 , 1984 ) is a Syrian weightlifter , who competed in the 105 kg division at the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Olympics .
Svetlana Goundarenko ( born June 23 , 1969 ) is a Russian mixed martial artist and judoka who competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics and 1996 Summer Olympics .
Police Lieutenant colonel Wijan Ponlid ( Thai : พันตำรวจโท วิจารณ์ พลฤทธิ์ ; born April 26 , 1976 ) is a Thai boxer who competed in the Men 's Flyweight ( -- 51 kg ) division at the 2000 Summer Olympics and won the gold medal .
Sylvère Maes ( pronounced : ( sil.vɛːʁ maːs ) ; born 27 August 1909 -- died 5 December 1966 ) was a Belgian cyclist , who is most famous for winning the Tour de France in 1936 and 1939 .
Carlos Barreto ( July 25 , 1976 -- October 12 , 1999 ) was a bantamweight boxer from Venezuela , who represented his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia .
Rachid El Basir ( born October 4 , 1968 ) is a Moroccan middle distance runner who won the silver medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics over 1500 metres .
Wrong Side of the Daylight is the debut studio album from Danish singer Thomas Ring Petersen , it was released on March 4 , 2011 in Denmark .
Love Dealer is Esmée Denters ' third single from her debut album Outta Here .
`` Wicked Garden '' is a song by the American rock band Stone Temple Pilots that appears on their debut studio album , Core .
Première ! is Portuguese alternative rock band Qwentin 's debut album , released on November 15 , 2007 on Raging Planet records .
`` Ever Ever After '' is a song by American country singer Carrie Underwood , written by composer Alan Menken and lyricist Stephen Schwartz for Enchanted ( 2007 ) .
The Pirate 's Gospel is the debut album by Alela Diane , self - released on CD - R in 2004 , and rereleased by Holocene Music in 2006 .
Waves Are Dancing is the second studio album by Ukrainian folk metal band Holy Blood , released in 2005 .
Red Wine and White Lines EP ' , released in 2009 , was the debut release from singer / songwriter Owen Mays .
`` Long Day '' is the first single and second track from Matchbox Twenty 's debut album Yourself or Someone Like You .
El Culpable Soy Yo is an album by Mexican pop singer Cristian Castro , It was released in 2009 .
Čovječe ne ljuti se is the debut album by a Croatian hip hop duo , Tram 11 .
Seven & Seven is the sixth album released by MC Lyte .
Nor je ta svet is Neisha 's second studio album , released in 2007 .
Ugasi me ( English : Turn Me Off ) is the third studio album by Bosnian Serb singer Indira Radić , released in 1994 .
Bonfires on the Heath is an album released by English indie pop group The Clientele on October 6 , 2009 .
`` Shit 's Real '' , also known by its censored title `` It 's Real '' , is the first single released by rapper Mic Geronimo .
Trigger Happy ! is the sole album led by American jazz double bassist Trigger Alpert which was recorded in 1956 for the Riverside label .
`` Kiss ( When the Sun Do n't Shine ) '' is a single by Dutch eurodance group Vengaboys .
`` Strange Relationship '' is the second solo single released by Australian singer Darren Hayes from his debut studio album Spin .
Daughter of Eve was released on November 30 in the year 2000 and is an album from Swedish pop and country singer Jill Johnson .
Last of the Independents is the sixth album by rock group The Pretenders , released in 1994 .
The Quiet Life is the second studio album by Anchor & Braille , the side project of Anberlin lead vocalist Stephen Christian .
Making Music So You Do n't Have To is the second studio album of Fred .
As I Call You Down is the debut album by American rock supergroup Fistful of Mercy , released on October 5 , 2010 .
Human Beans is an album released by Earthlings ? which was released on August 8 , 2000 through the record company Crippled Dick Hot Wax .
`` Please Come Back Home '' is a 2008 single by Scottish Indie rock band Glasvegas .
Of gods and girls is the solo album by rapper producer Mr. J. Medeiros .
The Both Sides of the World Tour was a worldwide concert tour by the English singer - songwriter , Drummer Phil Collins , which took place between April 1994 and May 1995 , in support of his 1993 album , Both Sides .
Dooriyan was a Punjabi album by renowned singer and actor Amrinder Gill .
Reachin ' Back is the fourth studio album by singer - songwriter , Regina Belle .
From Elvis in Memphis is the fifteenth studio album by American rock and roll singer Elvis Presley , released on RCA Victor .
`` Ball of Confusion ( That 's What the World Is Today ) '' is a 1970 hit single for The Temptations .
Hi - Fi Serious is the third studio album by British band A , released in 2002 .
Cult Grass Stars is an album by Thee Michelle Gun Elephant , released in 1996 .
`` Carry You Home '' is the third single from James Blunt 's second studio album , All the Lost Souls written and composed by Donnie Cash .
`` Cheap Sunglasses '' is a 1980 single by ZZ Top from their 1979 album Degüello .
What a Terrible Thing to Say is the second full - length album from the post - hardcore band Four Letter Lie .
Dawn of Iron Blades is a full - length album by the Polish black metal band Graveland .
Sounds of a Playground Fading is the tenth studio album by the Swedish metal band In Flames , released on June 15 , 2011 through Century Media / Razzia .
The Bird in the Bush ( Traditional Erotic Songs ) is a folk album by A. L. Lloyd , Anne Briggs and Frankie Armstrong , released by Topic Records in 1966 .
All My Bad Thoughts was the third LP from The Montgolfier Brothers .
Forgive Us Our Trespasses is the second studio album by the American post - metal band A Storm of Light .
Working Man 's Café is a solo album released on 22 October 2007 in the UK by Ray Davies , formerly lead singer and songwriter of The Kinks .
Fishbone , Wishbone , Funnybone is an album by Massachusetts folk musician Zoë Lewis , released in 2001 .
The Satyr 's Play / Cerberus is an album composed by John Zorn which as recorded in New York City in January and April 2010 and released on the Tzadik label in April 2011 .
Short Circuit III is a concept album by Japanese music production unit I 've Sound , released on June 25 , 2010 .
`` Fuck What Ya Heard '' , also known by its censored title , `` Forget What Ya Heard '' , is the second single from MC Ren 's debut solo album , Shock of the Hour .
Come Find Yourself is the first studio album released by the band Fun Lovin' Criminals .
Catching Rays on Giant is the 6th studio album by Alphaville , and it was released on November 19 , 2010 in Europe .
Requiem for an Almost Lady is a 1971 album by musician Lee Hazlewood .
`` Not Your Fault '' is a song by American electronic rock band Awolnation .
Eivets Rednow is an easy listening instrumental album by Stevie Wonder released on the Gordy Records label in 1968 .
`` Someone Watching Over You '' is a song written and sung by American singer Yolanda Adams released as a single from her 2005 album Day by Day .
U.S. Songs is the first album by American emo band Elliott .
It 's Understood is Estradasphere 's first studio album .
I 'm Alive , I 'm Dreaming is the major label debut album from the American electropop singer - songwriter The Ready Set .
`` Modern Day Romance '' is a song written by Kix Brooks and Dan Tyler and recorded by American country music group Nitty Gritty Dirt Band .
Damnation of Regiomontum is the debut album by Russian symphonic black metal band Tvangeste .
`` Anybody ( Movin ' On ) '' is a song recorded by German band Masterboy .
High Winds , White Sky is the second studio album from Bruce Cockburn , released in 1971 on the True North label .
`` Te Solte La Rienda '' is the second radio single release and sixth track from Maná 's second live album , Maná MTV Unplugged in 1999 .
Paintings in Yellow is the fourth studio album by a German singer Sandra , released in 1990 .
`` Il est cinq heures , Paris s'éveille '' ( `` It is five o'clock , Paris awakens '' ) is the sixth single by French singer - songwriter Jacques Dutronc , released in 1968 .
`` Hard Act to Follow '' is a song by Grinspoon and was released as the lead single from their fourth studio album Thrills , Kills & Sunday Pills .
Liberate Te Ex Inferis is the fourth full - length album by metalcore band Zao .
`` Ai n't Nobody '' is a song recorded by the American band Rufus and Chaka Khan .
`` I 'm Feelin ' U '' is a 2007 song by the musician CeCe Peniston .
Takin ' Back What 's Mine was the third single released by Leah Haywood from `` Leah '' in 2001 .
Radio Africa ( Russian : Радио Африка ) is an album by the Russian rock band Aquarium .
`` Leben wir jetzt '' ( English : Now We Live ) is a song recorded by German singer LaFee .
Only Visiting This Planet is an album recorded by Larry Norman in 1972 .
In Live Concert at the Royal Albert Hall is a live double album by Swedish band Opeth .
Budućnost sada ( The Future Now ) is the debut album by the Serbian alternative rock band Supernaut , released by Zvono Records in 1993 .
`` Lit Up '' is the debut single by American hard rock band Buckcherry , taken from their self - titled debut album .
The Nat King Cole Songbook is a 1965 studio album by Sammy Davis , Jr. , recorded in tribute to singer and pianist Nat King Cole , who had recently died .
`` Stranger in Blue Suede Shoes '' was a Kevin Ayers single release .
Long Misty Days is guitarist and songwriter Robin Trower 's fourth solo album with cover art by `` Funky '' Paul Olsen .
Mar dulce is an album by the Argentine / Uruguayan tango fusion band , Bajofondo .
`` How Many More Times '' is the ninth and final track on English rock band Led Zeppelin 's 1969 debut album Led Zeppelin .
`` Foe Life '' is the first single from Mack 10 's 1995 self - titled album .
The Ties That Blind is the second studio album by the Atmospheric sludge metal band Mouth of the Architect .
Hjärtat fullt is a 2008 studio album by Anna Stadling & Idde Schultz .
`` Move Shake Drop '' is a song by American disc jockey DJ Laz , released as the first single from his 2008 studio album Category 6 .
`` Lady Lynda '' is a song written by vocalist and guitarist Alan Jardine and Ron Altbach for the American rock band The Beach Boys .
`` Song 2 '' is a song by English rock band Blur , the second track from their 1997 eponymous fifth studio album .
Life Starts Here is the second and last album by the Airport 5 , released in 2002 .
Respect M.E. ( Short for Respect Missy Elliott ) is the first greatest hits album by American rapper - songwriter Missy Elliott , released by Atlantic Records on September 4 , 2006 in Europe , Asia and Australia .
My Favourite Faded Fantasy is the third studio album by Irish singer , songwriter and producer Damien Rice .
`` To the Aisle '' is a 1957 song recorded by The Five Satins with songwriting credits to group members Jim Freeman , Jessie Murphy , Bill Baker , Tommy Killebrew , and John Brown .
Of Seismic Consequence is the fifth full - length studio album by Chicago - based progressive metal band Yakuza .
Vienmēr klusi is the fourth album by Latvian band Dzeltenie Pastnieki , released through magnitizdat in 1984 , and ' officially ' in 2004 .
Light Chasers is the tenth studio album by the American indie rock group Cloud Cult that was released in stores on September 14 , 2010 .
Send Flowers is the debut album release from Black Lungs , the side project of Alexisonfire guitarist and backing vocalist Wade MacNeil .
Extra Width is the third album by the punk blues group The Jon Spencer Blues Explosion , and was released in 1993 .
`` Like Wow ! '' is the only official single by Leslie Carter .
Aavani Kanavukal ( 1997 ) is a Malayalam studio album by Bombay Ravi .
Alvorecer is the seventh album released by Clara Nunes in 1974 for the Odeon label .
Rock group The Beau Brummels recorded a version of `` Good Time Music '' and released it as a single in 1965 .
Strange Brotherhood was released in 1998 and is the seventh studio album by British rock band , New Model Army and the first on their own independent label , Attack Attack Records .
Good Dog , Bad Dog is the fourth studio album by Over the Rhine , released independently in 1996 , and reissued with a slightly altered tracklisting by Virgin / Backporch in 2000 .
`` Paris Nights / New York Mornings '' is a single by UK soul singer Corinne Bailey Rae .
A Lullaby for the Devil is the fifth full - length studio album by the progressive metal band Deadsoul Tribe .
Reflections of a Shadow is the fifth full - length album by the German heavy metal band Rage .
`` Ti vorrei sollevare '' is a song written , recorded by Italian Pop rock singer Elisa and produced by her and Andrea``Ringuz '' Rigonat , featuring Italian singer Giuliano Sangiorgi from Negramaro .
Truth Beyond ... is the third album by Canadian death metal band Neuraxis .
Understanding the Criminal Mind is the debut album released by TRU .
The Joyrex Tape is the name given to a collection of unreleased tracks from the early 1990s by Richard D. James , best known by his alias Aphex Twin .
Sad Clown Bad Dub II is a 12-track band promoted album originally sold exclusively at Atmosphere concerts with a limited print run of 500 copies .
Tingaralatingadun is the debut studio album by the Brazilian folk metal band Tuatha de Danann , released in 2001 .
`` You 're Everything '' is a song by American hip hop recording artist Bun B , released July 31 , 2008 as the second single from his second studio album II Trill ( 2008 ) .
I Have My Life is a song by Romanian teenage pop / rock musical group Blaxy Girls .
`` Kauas pois '' is a song by a Finnish reggae artist Raappana .
`` Odd Even '' is the ninth single from Cardiacs and the second taken from Sing to God .
`` Still Love You '' is a song by Japanese pop group AAA .
`` Reasons for Living '' is the third and final single from the debut album of American singer - songwriter Duncan Sheik .
Extracts from Music for White Cube , London 1997 is an ambient Installation album from British musician Brian Eno , released in 1997 .
`` Everybody Cries '' is the third and final single to be released from British pop - group Liberty X 's second studio album , Being Somebody .
World in Motion 1 is the sixth studio album by Crack the Sky and the last to be released by the band 's second incarnation .
Choose Your Weapon is the second studio album by Australian neo - soul quartet Hiatus Kaiyote , first released in May 2015 independently through Flying Buddha .
New Eyes is the debut studio album by English electronic music group Clean Bandit .
`` It Was n't Me '' is the first single from Jamaican - American reggae artist Shaggy 's multi - platinum studio album Hot Shot ( 2000 ) .
Por Aquelas Que Foram Bem Amadas ( also Pra Não Dizer Que Não Falei de Rock ) is the seventh solo album by Brazilian singer / guitarist Zé Ramalho .
`` California Nights '' is a song written by Marvin Hamlisch and Howard Liebling and performed by Lesley Gore .
Last Mango in Paris is the fourteenth studio album by American popular music singer - songwriter Jimmy Buffett .
Saldaga ( also known as As We Live or While You Live ) is the second Korean studio album by SG Wannabe .
`` Dead End Countdown '' is the debut single by Canadian pop rock band The New Cities from their debut album , Lost in City Lights .
My Spanish Heart is an album recorded by Chick Corea and released in 1976 .
Messin ' with the Boys is the second post - Runaways album by Cherie Currie , released in 1980 For this album Currie worked with her identical twin sister , Marie Currie .
`` Space and the Woods '' is a song released by UK band Late of the Pier on 5 March 2007 .
`` Year of the Lover '' is a song by American R&B recording artist Lloyd , released as the third and final single from his third studio album Lessons in Love ( 2008 ) .
Ray Gun Suitcase is Pere Ubu 's tenth studio album , which finds the band returning both to indie labels , and , after a string of slickly produced , pop - oriented albums , the darker , more complex sonic landscape associated with their earlier work .
2nd Wind is the thirteenth studio album by the American musician Todd Rundgren .
Vencedor ( Eng . : Victorious ) is the title of a studio album released posthumously by Mexican norteño performer Valentín Elizalde .
`` Talking to the Universe '' is a song by Yoko Ono , originally released in 1995 on the album Rising .
Two Places at the Same Time is the third studio album from Raydio , the group led by session guitarist / songwriter / producer Ray Parker , Jr.
`` Ugly Heart '' is the second single by American - British - Canadian girl group G.R.L. from their self - titled EP .
`` Necesito de Ti '' ( `` I Need You '' ) is a song written by Manuel Toscano , produced by Manuel Cázares , and performed by Mexican singer Vicente Fernández .
`` Afro King '' is the last single by British band EMF , released in the autumn of 1995 .
Tokyo Connection is the first concept album and first mini - album by the female Japanese hip - hop unit Halcali .
In Silence They March is Crystal Eyes ' second album , released in 2000 by Crazy Life Music .
Arena ( An Absurd Notion ) is a concept concert video filmed during the course of Duran Duran 's 1984 Sing Blue Silver North American Tour in support of the album Seven and the Ragged Tiger .
Rock for Light is the second full - length album by hardcore punk pioneers Bad Brains , released in 1983 .
Counterfeit² is the first solo LP by Martin Gore , the primary songwriter for the band Depeche Mode , and his second release ( his first being Counterfeit e.p . in 1989 ) .
Raindrops Keep Fallin ' on My Head is the 32nd original studio album released by singer Johnny Mathis .
`` Willie and the Hand Jive '' is a song written by Johnny Otis and originally released as a single in 1958 by Johnny Otis Show , reaching # 9 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and # 5 on the Billboard R&B chart .
`` Breakin ' Up '' is a single by Rilo Kiley , taken from the band 's fourth album Under the Blacklight .
Take Me to the Land of Hell is the 2013 album by Yoko Ono as Yoko Ono Plastic Ono Band .
Ready to Die is the debut studio album by American rapper The Notorious B.I.G. ; it was released on September 13 , 1994 , by Bad Boy Records .
`` 99 Percenters '' is a single by industrial metal band Ministry .
Best of 061122‒071122 is the first compilation album released by Swedish Singer - songwriter Miss Li .
The Golden Boy is a song recorded by Queen frontman Freddie Mercury together with Catalan operatic soprano Montserrat Caballé .
Crazy and Mixed Up is a 1982 studio album by the American jazz singer Sarah Vaughan .
`` Deep in the Motherlode '' is a song performed and recorded by Genesis , with lyrics and music by Mike Rutherford .
Action Ornaments is a 1997 album by Trumans Water , released by the Runt Records label .
Tyranny ( For You ) ( written as Tyranny ▶ For You ◀ on the album artwork ) is an album by Front 242 , released in 1991 .
El Layali ( English : The Nights ) is the name of the Nawal Al Zoghbi 's 7th album that was released in 2000 and was produced by Rotana .
`` Someone 's in Love '' is the name of a 1988 US only remixed single by British pop group Five Star .
Toshiko Plays Billy Strayhorn ( also released as A Tribute to Billy Strayhorn ( JAM ) and Dedications III ( Alfa ) ) is a jazz album recorded by two different configurations of the Toshiko Akiyoshi Trio in 1978 .
Dos amores un amante ( English Two loves one lover ) is the 20th studio album by Mexican pop singer Ana Gabriel .
Contemplate ( The Reason You Exist ) is Kai Tracid 's third artist album , released on 24 February 2003 .
TRXYE is the third extended play ( EP ) ( first signed with a major label ) by Australian singer and songwriter Troye Sivan , released on 15 August 2014 by Universal Music Australia through EMI Music Australia .
`` Do You Ever Think of Me '' is the only single released from Blue member Antony Costa 's debut solo album , Heart Full of Soul .
`` Thief 's Theme '' is a single from Nas ' double album Street 's Disciple .
Hopeless Hopes is Martyr 's debut full - length album .
`` The Special Two '' is a song by Australian singer - songwriter Missy Higgins and the third single released from her debut album , The Sound of White .
Black Sails EP is an extended play by the American rock band AFI .
Short Back ' n ' Sides is the fifth solo album of Ian Hunter .
Psamlade Psalmer is a compilation album by Swedish punk band Dia Psalma .
Size Matters is the fifth album by the American alternative metal band Helmet , released in 2004 through Interscope .
Parasitic People is the second album Japanese group Super Junky Monkey , released in 1996 .
Creating Patterns is the fourth studio album by the British group 4hero .
Autumn Aurora is the second album by Ukrainian black metal band Drudkh , released in 2004 .
The Open Door EP is an extended play by Washington band Death Cab for Cutie , comprising songs recorded during the Narrow Stairs sessions and a demo version of the track `` Talking Bird '' from the album .
Born Again Pagans was the only release attributed to `` Coil Vs . ELpH '' , though another album Worship The Glitch would be attributed to `` ELpH Vs . Coil '' .
Violence Begets Violence is the seventh studio album by underground Philadelphia hip hop duo Jedi Mind Tricks .
`` Wanna Love You Girl '' is the lead single by blue - eyed soul singer / songwriter Robin Thicke from his second album The Evolution of Robin Thicke .
Dying Mapa I is an album by the Japanese noise band Merzbow , then consisting of Masami Akita and Kiyoshi Mizutani .
`` Get Out of Your Lazy Bed '' is the debut single from UK band Matt Bianco , released in 1984 , along with their debut album Whose Side Are You On ? .
O Zambezi is the fifth album by Australian - New Zealand popular rock band , Dragon .
Zenyatta Mondatta ( spelled as Zenyattà Mondatta on the album cover artwork ) is the third studio album by English rock band The Police , released in 1980 .
Diamonds and Pearls Video Collection is a collection of music videos compiled to accompany and further promote Prince 's hit album Diamonds and Pearls .
Eat Raw for Breakfast is the eleventh studio album by German Trance duo Blank & Jones .
Tak som chcela všetkých milovať ( English : So Much I Meant to Love You All ) is a song by Marika Gombitová released on OPUS in 2007 .
`` Fallin ' Again '' is a song written Randy Owen , Teddy Gentry and Greg Fowler , and recorded by American country music group Alabama .
`` Sam 's Place '' is a 1967 country song written by Red Simpson and recorded by Buck Owens .
`` I Love My Bitch '' ( known as `` I Love My Chick '' in its edited version ) is a song by Busta Rhymes featuring will.i.am ( who also produced the track ) and Kelis , released as the second single from Busta Rhymes ' seventh studio album , The Big Bang ( 2006 ) .
`` Queen of My Heart '' is the debut single released from Westlife 's third studio album , World of Our Own .
`` Kai Se Thelo '' ( stylized as `` + Se Thelo '' ) is a single by popular Greek singer Sakis Rouvas from the album Irthes , released as a radio single on June 17 , 2008 in Greece and Cyprus .
Texas Plates is the second album by the singer - songwriter Vince Bell .
`` Karmacoma '' is a single by British trip hop collective Massive Attack , released as a single from their second album Protection on 20 March 1995 .
`` Nazi Punks Fuck Off '' was the fifth single by the Dead Kennedys .
No Place to Fall is the fifth album by pioneer Country rock musician Steve Young , this album has more of an Outlaw Country sound .
`` Got a Hold on Me '' is a 1984 song from Fleetwood Mac 's keyboardist / vocalist Christine McVie .
Dreamatorium is Buckethead 's first album under the anagram name Death Cube K. It was released on May 13 , 1994 , by Strata ( sub - label of Bill Laswell 's Subharmonic Records ) and again in 1995 , including a graphics image generator software by Interactive Multimedia Corporation as the first track .
`` Go for It , Baby ( Kioku no Sanmyaku ) '' is the 50th single by Japanese rock duo B'z .
Hot for the Orient is a 1980 studio album from Australian glam rock band Skyhooks .
`` Se La '' is a track from Lionel Richie 's 1986 album Dancing on the Ceiling .
Human Museum is a debut studio album by the Russian metal band Icon in me .
`` Got to Have Your Love '' is a song by American old school hip hop / electro funk group Mantronix , featuring vocals from American recording artist Wondress .
Sunburnt is an album officially by Martin Phillipps and The Chills , though more correctly by Martin Phillipps alone .
Burned My Ass is an album released in 2004 by Annabelle Chvostek .
First Encounter is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron and bassist Gary Peacock recorded in 1971 and released on the Japanese RCA Victor label .
`` This Is How We Party '' was the debut single by Danish pop duo S.O.A.P ..
The An Innocent Man Tour was a 1984 concert tour by singer - songwriter Billy Joel .
Musique a la Carte ( French for Music from the Menu ) is an album released by Kokia , on September 15 , 2010 .
`` Cheater , Cheater '' is the debut single from country / bluegrass duo Joey + Rory , from their debut album , The Life of a Song .
`` Best of Order '' is a song written by Scottish musician , singer and songwriter David Sneddon and Scott MacAlister .
The Pre - Fix for Death is the third studio album by American horrorcore musician Necro , released on September 21 , 2004 by Psycho+Logical - Records .
The Eventually Home is the second release from Andy Hull 's solo project , Right Away , Great Captain .
High Lines is an album by American composer and violinist Michael Galasso recorded between 2002 and 2004 and released on the ECM label .
Born and Raised in Black & White is the second full - length disc from country music singer - songwriter Mark Collie .
`` Not Supposed to Sing the Blues '' was the first single released from the Swedish rock band Europe 's ninth studio album , Bag of Bones .
Crystal Gazing Luck Amazing is the third LP recorded by the band , The Compulsive Gamblers .
Jaszczurka ( meaning `` lizard '' in Polish ) is the first studio album by Polish trip hop singer Pati Yang .
`` Monkey Gone to Heaven '' is a song by the American alternative rock band Pixies and is the seventh track on their 1989 album Doolittle .
`` Hey Ladies '' is a song by American hip hop group the Beastie Boys , featured on their album Paul 's Boutique .
Graceful 4 , The Grace 's first Japanese album , was released on November 14 , 2007 .
Making Mirrors is the third studio album by Belgian - Australian artist Gotye .
Data de Groove is the sixth album by Falco , released in 1990 - a collaboration again with producer Robert Ponger .
`` Blood , Tears & Gold '' is a song by British duo Hurts from their debut album , Happiness .
Piano , rumpu ja kukka ( which means `` a piano , a drum and a flower '' ) is the first album by 22-Pistepirkko .
`` Crackity Jones '' is an alternative rock song by the American band Pixies , and is the ninth track on their 1989 album Doolittle .
`` Up Jumps da Boogie '' is the debut single by hip - hop duo Timbaland & Magoo , released on July 11 , 1997 as the first single from their debut studio album , Welcome to Our World .
`` Pow R. Toc H. '' is an instrumental , with vocal effects , by Pink Floyd on their 1967 album The Piper at the Gates of Dawn .
Something to Take the Edge Off is the third comedy album by Doug Stanhope .
`` Vossa Excelência '' is the nineteenth single by Titãs , released in 2005 .
`` I Always Knew '' is a song from London - based quartet The Vaccines .
Truth Rising is the eighth studio album by American Punk rock band He d PE .
A Twist of Fate is an EP by singer John Arch , released on June 17 , 2003 through Metal Blade Records .
David 's Album was a 1969 album by Joan Baez , recorded in Nashville .
`` When You Look Me in the Eyes '' is a song by the American pop rock band Jonas Brothers .
`` Try to Follow Me '' ( Korean : 날 따라 해봐요 ; Nal Ddara Haebwayo ) is a song by South Korean girl group 2NE1 .
`` Solo Por Ti '' ( in English : Only for you ) is a song written by Marco Flores for Paulina Rubio 's fourth album Planeta Paulina released in 1996 .
It 's a Bit Complicated is the second album by British band Art Brut .
`` Bathwater '' is a ska punk song written by Tom Dumont , Tony Kanal , and Gwen Stefani for No Doubt 's fourth studio album Return of Saturn ( 2000 ) .
`` Ti Th ' Akouso Akoma '' ( Greek : `` Τι θ'ακούσω ακόμα '' ; English : What Else Will I Hear ) is a song by popular Greek artist Peggy Zina .
Ma voie ( My Way ) is the debut studio album by Belgian singer of Italian origin , Roberto Bellarosa .
`` Oh Lonesome Me '' is a popular song written and recorded in December 1957 by Don Gibson with Chet Atkins producing it for RCA Victor in Nashville .
Havoc and Bright Lights is the eighth ( and sixth worldwide ) studio album by Canadian - American singer - songwriter Alanis Morissette and was released in Japan on August 22 , 2012 .
Doble Vida ( Spanish for Double Life ) is the fourth album recorded by Argentine rock band Soda Stereo and was released in 1988 .
Mortal Throne of Nazarene is the second studio album by the American death metal band Incantation .
I Am an Elastic Firecracker ( stylized as i am an ELASTIC FIRECRACKER ) is the second album by Tripping Daisy , released in 1995 .
Hacienda View is an album by the English singer Linda Lewis , released in 1979 .
`` Somebody Should Leave '' is a song written by Harlan Howard and Chick Rains , and recorded by American country music artist , Reba McEntire .
Elephant Shell is the first LP to be released by Tokyo Police Club .
`` Si demain ... ( Turn Around ) '' is a 2003 bilingual song recorded by Bonnie Tyler and Kareen Antonn , composed by Jim Steinman and re - written in French by Emmanuel Pribys .
Our New Quarters is the second album by Julian Fane , released in 2007 .
Viva Las Violence is the fourth studio album of North Carolina horror - themed punk band Frankenstein Drag Queens from Planet 13 .
`` Hey Sexy Lady '' is a song recorded by Jamaican - American reggae artist Shaggy .
One Sock Missing is the second album from the Grifters released in 1993 on Shangri - La Records .
The White Room is the fourth and final studio album by British house music group The KLF , released in March 1991 .
One X One is an album by the Japanese R&B duo Chemistry , released on February 18 , 2004 , by Sony Music Japan .
`` Hello Vietnam '' is the title of a song written by Tom T. Hall and recorded by American country music singer Johnnie Wright .
Seven Separate Fools is the eighth album by American rock band Three Dog Night , released in 1972 .
Holy Roller Novocaine is the debut EP of the American rock band Kings of Leon , released on February 18 , 2003 .
The Professional 3 is the third studio album from DJ and producer DJ Clue ? .
`` Happy When It Rains '' is a song by the Scottish alternative rock group The Jesus and Mary Chain and the second single from the group 's album Darklands .
`` You Suffer '' is a song by the British grindcore band Napalm Death , from their debut album , Scum .
`` L - O - V - E '' is a song recorded by Nat King Cole for his album of the same name ( 1965 ) .
The Curse of Martha Splatterhead is an LP by Oak Harbor , Washington crossover thrash band The Accüsed .
Système D is the fourth studio album by French pop rock group Les Rita Mitsouko .
The Light of Things Hoped For is the second album by Christian rock band Brave Saint Saturn , released in 2003 ( see 2003 in music ) .
`` Would n't Get Far '' is the third single from The Game 's second album Doctor 's Advocate .
My World 2.0 is the debut studio album by Canadian singer Justin Bieber , released on March 19 , 2010 , by Island Records .
Soul on Top is the 32nd studio album by American musician James Brown .
`` Soul Bossa Nova '' is a popular instrumental title , composed by and first performed by American impresario , jazz composer , arranger , and record producer Quincy Jones .
Silence Screams is the eighth studio album , by American Christian rock band Resurrection Band ( known at this point as REZ ) , released in 1988 .
`` Más y Más '' ( English : `` More and More '' ) is a single by Draco Rosa from his 2004 album Como Me Acuerdo .
No Stone Unturned is a compilation album by The Rolling Stones released in 1973 .
`` Hurt Me Soul '' is a song written by rapper Lupe Fiasco .
From Mars to Sirius is the third studio album by the French progressive death metal band Gojira .
`` Supernatural Love '' is the second single from Donna Summer 's 1984 Cats Without Claws album .
Doctor Kiss Kiss is the second hit single by British Disco Band 5000 Volts .
Roads of Life is the twelfth studio album by American musician Bobby Womack .
Artpop ( stylized as ARTPOP ) is the third studio album by American singer Lady Gaga .
One Dimple is a CD / DVD released by comedian Kyle Cease in 2006 .
Mutiny ! is the debut album from punk rock band Set Your Goals .
`` There Is '' is the second single and tenth track from Box Car Racer 's eponymous album .
Amor de Mujer is the third single from La Chica Dorada , the first album by Mexican pop diva Paulina Rubio , and the second official video from the album .
Inside In is Mike Gordon 's first solo album and was released August 19 , 2003 .
Got You on My Mind is a jazz album by William Galison and Madeleine Peyroux , recorded in 1999 , and later compiled into an album by Galison alone in 2003 .
Colour Green is the debut album by actress and singer - songwriter Sibylle Baier .
Parallel Minds is the second full - length album by the Norwegian power metal / progressive metal band , Conception , released in 1993 .
Songs from a Solitary Home is the second studio album of the Norwegian band Major Parkinson .
`` Estar Lejos '' ( English : Be Far ) is a Latin pop song by Colombian recording artist Fonseca and the American musician Willie Colón .
`` Let It Fade '' is a song by contemporary Christian musician Jeremy Camp from his album Beyond Measure .
`` The Popcorn '' is a 1969 instrumental written and recorded by James Brown .
`` Come Live with Me Angel '' is a sultry 1975 song recorded by singer Marvin Gaye , issued on his acclaimed 1976 album , I Want You .
Breedgreedbreed is the third album from Finnish metal band Misery Inc. , released by Finnish record label Johanna Kustannus ( Megamania ) on October 10 , 2007 .
Here Come the Horns , is Delinquent Habits ' second studio album .
Payable on Death is the eponymous fifth studio album and third major label release by Californian metal quartet P.O.D ..
¡ Viva Zapata ! is the second album by the American punk band 7 Year Bitch .
`` Lovin' Her Was Easier ( Than Anything I 'll Ever Do Again ) '' is a song written , composed , first recorded , and first released by Kris Kristofferson .
`` Ca n't We Try '' is a 1987 duet performed by Dan Hill and Vonda Shepard .
Das Leben ist Saad ( German : The Life is Saad ) is the first solo album by the German rapper Baba Saad .
Eye on It is TobyMac 's sixth full - length solo studio album released on August 28 , 2012 .
`` Give Me the Keys ( And I 'll Drive You Crazy ) '' is a song by Huey Lewis and the News , released in January 1989 as the third single from the album Small World .
`` Feel All My Love Inside '' is an album track issued by Marvin Gaye on his 1976 album , I Want You .
`` It 's Alright , Ma ( I 'm Only Bleeding ) '' is a song written and performed by Bob Dylan and first released on his 1965 album , Bringing It All Back Home .
Picture Music is the fourth album of electronic music by German musician Klaus Schulze .
`` Mi Marciana '' ( English : My Martian ) is a song recorded by the Spanish singer - songwriter Alejandro Sanz .
`` Day - O ( The Banana Boat Song ) '' is a traditional Jamaican mento folk song ; the best - known version was released by Jamaican - American singer Harry Belafonte in 1956 and later became one of his signature songs .
`` Creepin ' Up Slowly '' is the first single and the third track from the album Garage Mahal , by the Melbourne band Taxiride .
`` Everybody Talks '' is the lead single from the second studio album , Picture Show , by American rock band Neon Trees ' .
`` My Block '' , often referred to incorrectly as `` On My Block '' , is a 2002 song by American rapper Scarface , and was the lead single released from his seventh album , The Fix .
From Pillar to Post was the first official release by Logan Lynn from Beat the World Records , a Caroline Records / EMI 3rd party label and was Lynn 's first record to be released on a major label .
`` Back in the Fire '' is a song written by Mike Reid and Rory Michael Bourke , and recorded by American country music artist Gene Watson .
`` Do n't Wanna Lie '' is the 49th single for the Japanese rock duo B'z , and the second single to be released from their 2011 album C'mon .
Why Call It Anything is a studio album by English post - punk band The Chameleons , recorded from 2000 to 2001 and released 1 July 2001 on record label Artful .
Flower of Disease is the second album by American doom metal band Goatsnake .
Des fleurs pour un caméléon is Belgian pop singer Lio 's fifth studio album of entirely new material and sixth album overall .
Espejos del Alma is the 15th studio album by Mexican pop singer Yuri .
`` All Time Love '' is a popular song , written by Jamie Hartman and performed by Will Young .
`` The Bewlay Brothers '' is a song written by David Bowie in 1971 for the album Hunky Dory .
`` Vågar du , vågar jag '' ( English : `` If you dare , I dare too '' ) is a song written by Bobby Ljunggren , Fredrik Kempe and Henrik Wikström , and performed by Sanna Nielsen at Melodifestivalen 2007 .
Exit 0 is the second studio album from country singer - songwriter Steve Earle ( credited to Steve Earle & The Dukes ) , released in 1987 .
`` Rene and Georgette Magritte with Their Dog after the War '' is a ballad written and sung by Paul Simon .
Ten Days in the Madhouse is an album , by Denise Ho , released on December 12 , 2008 .
' Get Out the Door `` is the third single from Velvet Revolver 's second album Libertad .
`` Red Frame / White Light '' is the second single of the synthpop group Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark .
`` I 'm All Right '' is the opening track of Half the Perfect World , Madeleine Peyroux 's third solo album .
Speaking Louder Than Before is the sixth studio album from contemporary Christian musician Jeremy Camp .
Good Morning Aztlán is the tenth studio album from the American band Los Lobos , originally released in 2002 .
Invisible Lantern is the third full - length studio album by alternative rock band Screaming Trees .
Makeshift Feelgood is the album by the English electronic dance music group X - Press 2 .
`` The Call Up '' is a song by English punk rock group The Clash .
`` Paradise Tonight '' is a song written by Bill Kenner and Mark Wright , and recorded by American country music artists Charly McClain and Mickey Gilley as a duet .
`` Jazzman '' is a 1974 song performed by Carole King , from her album Wrap Around Joy .
Strange Disaster is an EP by The Manvils , released in 2007 .
Atemlos Live ( Breathless - Live ) is the fourth live album by German electronic musician , composer and producer Christopher von Deylen under his Schiller alias .
`` After the Love Has Gone '' is a 1979 hit single for Earth , Wind & Fire , written by David Foster , Jay Graydon , and Bill Champlin for the album I Am .
World Wo n't Miss You is the 1990 full - length debut by heavy metal band Reverend .
There Is a Way is the second full - length studio album by Dananananaykroyd and was released on June 13 , 2011 through the band 's own Pizza College label .
`` The End Has No End '' is a song by the indie rock band The Strokes , and the third single from Room on Fire .
`` New Sensation '' is a song by the Australian rock group INXS .
`` 2HB '' is a song written by Bryan Ferry and first recorded by Roxy Music for their 1972 debut album , Roxy Music .
`` Love Is a War '' is a song written by Jamie Appleby , Melinda Appleby , Melinda Jackson and Elliot Gleave , and produced by Ash for the Rogue Traders 's upcoming fourth studio album .
Version of the Truth is the title of the third album released the American country music duo Foster & Lloyd .
Duty Now for the Future was the second album by American new wave band Devo , released in 1979 .
The Fury of Our Maker 's Hand is the second studio album by American heavy metal DevilDriver , released on June 28 , 2005 .
`` Carnival of Light '' is an unreleased experimental piece by The Beatles .
Where the Happy People Go is an album released by the disco and funk group The Trammps in 1976 .
Recovering the Satellites is the second album by Counting Crows , released on October 14 , 1996 in the United Kingdom and two days later in the United States .
The Prophet 's Song is a song by British rock band Queen , originally released on their fourth studio album A Night at the Opera in 1975 .
Rrröööaaarrr is the second album by Canadian heavy metal band Voivod .
Love Is Hell pt . 1 is an EP by alternative country artist Ryan Adams , released on November 4 , 2003 .
Live to Win is the second solo album from Kiss vocalist , guitarist and co - founder Paul Stanley , released on October 24 , 2006 .
`` Baby - Baby - Baby '' is a song by the group TLC .
`` Not That Kinda Girl '' is a song by American singer JoJo from her self - titled debut album .
Que Te Vaya Bien En Todo is the eighth studio album released by Los Mismos on August 12 , 2003 .
Muzyka Klasyczna is the first collaborative album by Polish rapper Pezet , a member of Płomień 81 ; and Polish producer Noon , a member of Grammatik .
`` Cool Places '' is a song recorded by American duo Sparks in collaboration with Go - Go 's member Jane Wiedlin .
Flame On is an album released by popular Soca artist Machel Montano from Trinidad and Tobago in 2008 .
`` We Got ta Get out of This Place '' , occasionally written `` We 've Got ta Get out of This Place '' , is a rock song written by Barry Mann and Cynthia Weil and recorded as a 1965 hit single by The Animals .
01011001 is the seventh studio album by Arjen Anthony Lucassen 's long - running Ayreon project .
Hitting the Ground is Violent Femmes member Gordon Gano 's first solo album .
What Does n't Kill You , Eventually Kills You is the second full - length album by hardcore / metal band Gay for Johnny Depp .
`` You Can Make History ( Young Again ) '' is a song by Elton John , initially recorded in 1996 and released on the American version of the compilation Love Songs .
`` Dine Øjne '' is a single by Danish singer Jon Nørgaard , from his third studio album Uden dig . It was released in Denmark as a digital download on 7 March 2011 .
Stay What You Are is the third album release from the American rock band Saves the Day , released in 2001 .
Dance Without Music is the second studio album by British musicians Paul Downes and Phil Beer , and their first under the shorter name of `` Downes & Beer '' , released a standard 33rpm 10 track stereo vinyl in 1976 only .
Cieli di Toscana ( Tuscan Skies ) is Andrea Bocelli 's eighth studio album , released in 2001 .
Funkentelechy Vs . the Placebo Syndrome is a funk album by Parliament , released in 1977 ( see 1977 in music ) .
`` On traverse un miroir '' ( meaning `` We Cross a Mirror '' ) is the first single from Celine Dion 's album Incognito , released in April 1987 in Quebec , Canada .
Disco 3 is an album by the English electronic music duo Pet Shop Boys .
Tonight Alright is the sixth studio album by Australian rock band Spiderbait , recorded in Weed , California by producer Sylvia Massy .
Assan Jana Mall - o Mall ( Punjabi : اساں جانا مال و مال ) is the fifth pop album of Pakistani singer Abrar - ul - Haq .
Changing Channels is the fourth solo album by dobro player Jerry Douglas , released in 1987 ( see 1987 in music ) .
`` The Ballad of Mona Lisa '' ( commonly referred to as simply `` Mona Lisa '' ) is a song by American rock band Panic ! at the Disco , released February 1 , 2011 as the first single from the group 's third studio album , Vices & Virtues ( 2011 ) .
Not So Tough Now is an album released in July 1996 by Frenzal Rhomb , the follow - up to their first album Coughing up a Storm .
Fromohio ( stylized as fROMOHIO ) is the third album by the American alternative rock band Firehose , released in 1989 .
Sound of a Rebel is the fourth studio album by the Danish hip hop group Outlandish .
The Walls Came Down is the fifth studio album released by country music artist Collin Raye .
Shift in the Wind is an album by American jazz bassist Gary Peacock , with pianist Art Lande and drummer Eliot Zigmund , recorded in 1980 and released on the ECM label .
Flower / Halloween is a single by the alternative rock band Sonic Youth .
`` Overrated '' is a song by English singer Siobhán Donaghy , released as the lead single from her debut studio album Revolution in Me ( 2003 ) .
Skittish / Rockity Roll is a re - release of Mike Doughty 's first two solo studio albums , Skittish and Rockity Roll .
Blacks and Blues is the third studio album by American jazz flutist Bobbi Humphrey recorded in 1973 and released on the Blue Note label .
`` Lettre à France '' is a single by French singer Michel Polnareff that was released in 1977 .
`` Underwear Goes Inside the Pants '' is a song by Lazyboy , which is a musical project combining spoken word with hip - hop beats and other musical styles , with vocals on this track by stand - up comedian Greg Giraldo .
`` Doctorin ' the House '' is a single by Coldcut with British singer Yazz ( Yasmin Evans ) released in 1988 .
Roskilde 07.07.07 is the second live album by the Danish rock band Nephew .
The Montreal Tapes : with Don Cherry and Ed Blackwell is a live album by the American jazz bassist Charlie Haden with trumpeter Don Cherry and drummer Ed Blackwell recorded at the Montreal International Jazz Festival in 1989 and released on the Verve label .
`` I Almost Told You That I Loved You '' is the third single from Californian rock band Papa Roach 's sixth album , Metamorphosis , and twelfth released single in total .
`` Another Try '' is a song written by Jeremy Spillman and Chris Stapleton , and recorded by American country music artist Josh Turner , featuring harmony vocals from Trisha Yearwood .
`` Girl All the Bad Guys Want '' is a single by Texas band Bowling for Soup , from their 2002 album , Drunk Enough to Dance .
P.S. Mr. Cole is a tribute album by jazz guitarist and vocalist John Pizzarelli , along with his trio of brother Martin Pizzarelli on double - bass and Ray Kennedy on piano .
One Logologo Line is the debut album by Nollywood actress Genevieve Nnaji released in Accra Ghana on December 11 , 2004 .
And Now ! is the third studio album by the Southern soul band Booker T. & the M.G. 's , released in November 1966 .
Live by the Code is the fifth studio album by Los Angeles hardcore punk band Terror .
Carnival of Lost Souls is the fifth album by gothic musical duo Nox Arcana , loosely based on the story Something Wicked This Way Comes by Ray Bradbury .
Big Iron World is the second studio album by folk / country / old timey band Old Crow Medicine Show , released on August 29 , 2006 .
Sadistic Sex Daemon is the 7th studio album by the band Misanthrope .
`` Musique Non - Stop '' is a 1986 single by German techno group Kraftwerk , which was featured on the album Electric Café .
Too Dark Park is the sixth studio album by the industrial music group Skinny Puppy .
The Light Between Us is the third studio album by the English band Scouting for Girls .
`` Baby , What a Big Surprise '' is a song written by Peter Cetera for the group Chicago and recorded for their album Chicago XI ( 1977 ) , with Cetera singing lead vocals .
Sing the Big Hits ( aka The Statler Brothers Sing the Big Hits ) is the second album by The Statler Brothers .
`` L'Histoire d'une fée , c'est ... '' ( English : `` The Story of a Fairy Is ... '' ) is a 2001 song recorded by French singer - songwriter Mylène Farmer .
`` No Equal '' is the second single by East Coast hip hop group The Beatnuts .
Dance with the Witches was the 8th album by the German heavy metal band Stormwitch , released in 2002 , it was their first since the band split up after the unsuccessful Shogun in 1994 .
Comfortably Uncomfortable is the debut album from American rock band The Jealous Girlfriends .
Tres Veces Tres ( Three times three ) ( 2004 ) is the fourth album by the Mexican ska and rock band Panteón Rococó .
O klang och jubeltid is the fourth studio album by Swedish folk - group Benny Anderssons orkester , released in June 2011 .
Histoire de Melody Nelson is a 1971 concept album by French songwriter Serge Gainsbourg .
`` Let Your Love Flow '' is the title of a pop song written by Larry E. Williams , a former roadie for Neil Diamond , and made popular by the American country music duo The Bellamy Brothers .
Dosburg Online is the thirty - third album by Klaus Schulze .
L'apparenza ( The appearance ) is an album by the Italian singer and songwriter Lucio Battisti .
The Colours of Chloë is an album by German double bassist and composer Eberhard Weber recorded in 1973 and released on the ECM label .
What Can You Do to Me Now is a 1975 album by country singer Willie Nelson .
Dancin ' in the Key of Life is the debut solo album from American R&B / soul singer Steve Arrington ( not including two albums released earlier in the decade with Steve Arrington 's Hall of Fame ) .
Two Minute Warning is the seventh album by Australian band The Angels , it was released in 1984 .
Your Filthy Little Mouth is the fourth full - length studio LP by David Lee Roth , the lead singer of the American rock band Van Halen .
Love Liberty Disco is the eighth studio album by Christian pop rock band Newsboys , released in 1999 .
`` All I Hear '' was the third single from Kate Alexa , released in March 2006 , taken from her debut album , Broken & Beautiful .
Annihilation Principle is the fourth studio album by American thrash metal band Lääz Rockit .
`` Take a Load Off Your Feet '' is a song written by Al Jardine , Brian Wilson and Gary Winfrey for the American rock band The Beach Boys .
End of the World Party ( Just in Case ) is an album released by Medeski Martin & Wood .
Expect the Impossible is the third studio album from the Christian pop punk band , Stellar Kart .
Back into Your System is the third full - length studio album released on November 12 , 2002 by alternative metal band Saliva .
Instinto y Deseo ( Eng . : Instinct and Desire ) is the title of the seventh studio album released on January 30 , 2001 by performer Víctor Manuelle .
`` Right in the Night ( Fall in Love With Music ) '' is a song by German electronic music duo Jam & Spoon .
Unicornography is the critically acclaimed debut album by the Chicago - based punk rock supergroup The Falcon which was released on September 26 , 2006 in the United States .
Amanti di valore is an album by Italian singer Mina , issued in 1973 and distributed back to back with the album Frutta e verdura .
Songs 1 is the fifteenth studio album by the British singer - songwriter Judie Tzuke , released in 2007 .
`` Banditos '' is a song by American alternative rock band The Refreshments from their album Fizzy Fuzzy Big & Buzzy .
The Power of Two is a 2009 studio album by American vocalists Michael Feinstein and Cheyenne Jackson arranged by John Oddo .
`` Up and Gone '' is a song recorded by American country music trio Jennifer McCarter and The McCarters .
`` Bring ' Em Down '' is the first single from Weapons , the fifth studio album by Welsh alternative rock band Lostprophets released on 23 March 2012 .
`` Major Tom ( Coming Home ) '' ( German : Major Tom ( völlig losgelöst ) , translation : `` Major Tom ( totally disconnected ) '' ) , is a song by singer Peter Schilling from his album Error in the System .
Final Call ( The Lost Tapes ) is a previously unreleased studio album by rapper AZ , recorded in 2003 and 2004 .
U ogledalu ( English : In the Mirror ) is a 2004 album by Serbian pop singer Ana Stanić .
Wrapped Tight is an album by American jazz saxophonist Coleman Hawkins featuring performances recorded in 1965 for the Impulse ! label .
`` She 's Got Nothing On ( But the Radio ) '' , written by Per Gessle and performed by Swedish pop duo Roxette , is the first single released from their eighth studio album Charm School .
Further Adventures Of is the eighth studio album by Canadian singer / songwriter Bruce Cockburn .
Songs from a Room is the second album by Canadian musician Leonard Cohen , released in 1969 .
The Bridge ( Concept of a Culture ) is the seventh studio album by American hip hop recording artist Grandmaster Flash , his first studio album since 1998 's Flash is Back .
Mystic Island is an album by the German andean new age band Cusco .
`` Music Makes Me High '' is the fourth single released from the Lost Boyz ' debut album , Legal Drug Money .
`` Make a Toast '' is the second and final single from rapper Dolla 's planned but scrapped debut album A Dolla and a Dream .
`` Lay Your Hands '' is the first single released from Blue band member Simon Webbe 's debut solo album , Sanctuary .
A Grounding in Numbers is a studio album by the British rock group Van der Graaf Generator .
In Between Evolution is the ninth full - length album by Canadian rock band The Tragically Hip .
Soundz of Freedom is a Bob Sinclar album released on 21 May 2007 on Tommy Boy Entertainment .
`` J'aime la vie '' ( French pronunciation : ​(ʒɛm la vi ) , I Love Life ) was the winning song of the Eurovision Song Contest 1986 , performed for Belgium by Sandra Kim .
`` My Friend Dario '' is the first single from Vitalic 's debut album , OK Cowboy .
It Sounds Like is a compilation album from the progressive house artist deadmau5 .
Gospel Duets with Treasured Friends is an album by American pop and country artist Brenda Lee .
Phuong Vy sang the lead single off the album , `` Lúc mới yêu '' during the Asian Idol competition .
Am I Still Your Boyfriend ? is the sixth album from R&B band , Switch , and their last album .
`` My Baby You '' is a song written and performed by Marc Anthony , and was released as the fourth single of his first english language album Marc Anthony .
They Call Me Mr. Melody is a studio album by a Jamaican reggae singer Singing Melody .
`` These Hard Times '' is the second single ( worldwide except Australia ) from Matchbox Twenty 's retrospective collection , Exile on Mainstream .
Rewind the Film is the eleventh studio album by Welsh alternative rock band Manic Street Preachers .
`` Roll Me Away '' is a song written by American rock artist Bob Seger on the album The Distance by Bob Seger and the Silver Bullet Band .
Live Rust is a live album by Neil Young & Crazy Horse , recorded during his fall 1978 Rust Never Sleeps tour .
`` Always Come Back to Your Love '' is the third single from Got ta Tell You , the debut album of the Irish singer Samantha Mumba .
Something / Anything ? is a double album by Todd Rundgren , released in February 1972 .
Hardships ! is an album by Jenny Wilson , released in 2009 .
`` Shake a Fist '' is a song by English electronic music band Hot Chip from their third studio album , Made in the Dark ( 2008 ) .
Strangers Almanac is the second studio album by American alternative country band Whiskeytown , released on July 29 , 1997 on Geffen and Outpost Records .
The Isolation Game is the fourth full - length studio album by the Italian melodic death metal band Disarmonia Mundi , and was released on December 9 , 2009 by Coroner Records .
`` Somebody Help Me '' is a single by The Spencer Davis Group , which was released in 1966 .
`` Crooked Teeth '' is a song by indie rock band Death Cab for Cutie , the second single from their fifth album , Plans , released on 11 April 2006 .
Strach się bać is an album released on 28 May 2007 by Polish rock band Lady Pank .
`` Haifisch '' ( German : `` Shark '' ) is the third single from the 2009 album Liebe ist für alle da by the German band Rammstein .
`` V slepých uličkách '' ( English : On Dead - End Streets ) is a duet by Miro Žbirka and Marika Gombitová released on OPUS in 1980 .
Album Album is a 1984 jazz album by Jack DeJohnette 's Special Edition featuring five compositions by DeJohnette and a cover of Thelonious Monk 's `` Monk 's Mood '' .
The Order of the Reptile is the third full - length album by darkwave musical duo Ego Likeness .
Decas is a compilation album by the American metal band As I Lay Dying .
`` I Want a Guy '' is a song written by Freddie Gorman , Berry Gordy and Brian Holland and was the debuting single for Motown girl group The Supremes in 1961 .
Último Bondi a Finisterre is the ninth album by Argentine rock band Patricio Rey y sus Redonditos de Ricota , released in 1998 .
`` A Case of You '' is a song by Joni Mitchell , from her 1971 album Blue .
`` Dirtee Disco '' is the fifth single from British rapper Dizzee Rascal 's fourth studio album Tongue n ' Cheek , although the song only appears in the deluxe edition of the album .
Captain Fantastic and the Brown Dirt Cowboy , the ninth formal studio album release for Elton John , is an autobiographical account of the early musical careers of Elton John ( Captain Fantastic ) and Bernie Taupin ( the Brown Dirt Cowboy ) .
Flaming Schoolgirls is the all - female rock band The Runaways ' fifth and final album , released in 1980 , a year after the band had broken up .
How Could Hell Be Any Worse ? is the first full - length album released by American punk rock band Bad Religion , which was released on January 19 , 1982 .
`` Wasted Love '' is the debut single by American pop singer and The Voice Season 7 runner up Matt McAndrew .
Outlaw Is Just a State of Mind is the name of the 25th studio album by American country music singer Lynn Anderson , released in 1979 .
Hallanvaara ( Finnish for Risk of Frost ) is the third studio album of Ismo Alanko Säätiö .
`` Cross - Eyed Mary '' is a song by the British progressive rock band Jethro Tull from their album Aqualung ( 1971 ) .
When Angels Speak of Love is a music album by the American Jazz musician Sun Ra and his Myth Science Arkestra .
Mambo Nights is a 2000 album from the Latin Jazz ensemble Conexion Latina .
TV or Not TV is the first album by the comedy duo Proctor and Bergman .
Silent Cries and Mighty Echoes is the eighth album by German progressive rock band Eloy , being released 1979 .
`` The Things That U Do '' is the third single taken from DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince 's fourth studio album , Homebase .
`` Yo ( Excuse Me Miss ) '' is the second single from Chris Brown 's debut album Chris Brown , released in November 2005 in the U.S. and February 2006 worldwide .
`` Lady Navigation '' is the eighth single by B'z , released on March 27 , 1991 .
Guerilla Disco is the first album from Quarashi with new rapper Tiny .
`` You Ai n't Much Fun '' is a song co - written and performed by American country music artist Toby Keith that peaked at # 2 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks ( now Hot Country Songs ) chart .
Theatrical Madness is the second full - length album by the Danish band Evil Masquerade .
To Hell with the Devil is the Grammy Award nominated third release , and third studio album , by the Christian metal and glam metal band Stryper , released in 1986 .
`` She Runs Away ( 10 Things I Hate About You ) '' is the second of three singles released on the debut album by American singer - songwriter Duncan Sheik .
Sinful Innocence is the second studio album from Canadian R&B singer Cory Lee .
A Strangely Isolated Place is the second album by Ulrich Schnauss , released in 2003 .
`` Tellement j'ai d'amour pour toi '' ( meaning `` I Have So Much Love for You '' ) is the first single from Celine Dion 's album Tellement j'ai d'amour ....
`` Did You Give Enough Love '' is a song by Celine Dion , released in 1993 as the sixth and final single from her second album , Celine Dion .
Self - Inflicted Aerial Nostalgia is the third album by Dayton , Ohio musical group Guided by Voices .
All My Heroes Are Dead is an album by Dar Williams and produced by Jeannie Deva .
`` Changing of the Guards '' is a song written by Bob Dylan , released in 1978 as a single and as the first track on his album Street - Legal .
`` A Woman Needs Love ( Just Like You Do ) '' is a 1981 song recorded by American R&B vocalist and songwriter Ray Parker Jr. , along with his group , Raydio .
`` Party Up ( Up in Here ) '' is a song by American hip hop recording artist DMX , released as the second single from his third album ...
`` Aşk Sakızı '' is a pop song by Hepsi .
All Star Sessions is an album by saxophonist Gene Ammons recorded between 1950 and 1955 and released on the Prestige label .
Backatown is an album released by jazz musician Troy ' Trombone Shorty ' Andrews .
Old Ramon is the final studio album by American indie rock band Red House Painters , released on April 10 , 2001 on Sub Pop . Originally completed in 1998 , band leader Mark Kozelek had to wait until 2001 to release the album .
Diamonds & Dirt is an album released in 1988 by American singer - songwriter Rodney Crowell ( see 1988 in country music ) .
The Memphis Album is a cover album of Memphis soul songs by Australian singer Guy Sebastian released in Australia by Sony Music on 10 November 2007 .
Rosie Sings Bing is a 1978 studio album by the American jazz singer Rosemary Clooney , recorded in tribute to Bing Crosby , who had died the previous year .
`` You Ca n't Get What You Want ( Till You Know What You Want ) '' is a single from Joe Jackson 's 1984 album Body and Soul .
Beheading the Liars is Skiltron 's second studio album , recorded in January 2008 at La Nave de Oseberg studios .
`` Hishoku no Sora '' ( 緋色の空 , Scarlet - colored Sky ) is the second single of J - pop singer Mami Kawada .
Wschód jest pełen słońca is the sixth album by Polish punk rock band Karcer .
No . 1 in Heaven is the eighth album by the American rock band Sparks .
The Avoided Sun is the second studio album released by Japanese rock band Lynch ..
`` The Greatest View '' is the first single by Australian rock band Silverchair released from their fourth album , Diorama , which was released in 2002 , as was `` The Greatest View '' .
`` Worry About It Later '' is the second single to be taken from The Futureheads second album News and Tributes .
What If We Were Real is the third studio album by CCM singer Mandisa .
Circus Monkey ( Chinese : 馬戲團猴子 ) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Stanley Huang 's ( Chinese : 黃立行 ) 2nd Mandarin studio album .
The Art of Balance is the third album by American heavy metal band Shadows Fall , released on September 17 , 2002 .
Walkin ' the Strings was the first solo acoustic guitar album by Merle Travis , released in 1960 but recorded in the late 1940s and early 1950s , when Travis was at the peak of his performing abilities .
`` Say It 's Not True '' is the first studio single by Queen + Paul Rodgers , It was released on World AIDS Day 1 December 2007 .
`` In punta di piedi '' is the debut single by Nathalie , an Italian singer - songwriter of mixed Tunisian - Belgian origins who won the fourth season of Italian series of The X Factor on 2010 .
`` Ready for the Night '' is a song by Belgian DJ Laurent Wéry , from his debut album Ready for the Night .
`` Everybody Hurts '' is a song by R.E.M. , originally released on the band 's 1992 album Automatic for the People and was also released as a single in 1993 .
Coming In for the Kill is the second and last album by British pop duo Climie Fisher , released in 1989 .
Back to the Grotto is the debut studio album by northern California rock band The Mother Hips .
Where Is Where is the second album by Cetu Javu , released in 1992 .
Keep It Unreal is Mr. Scruff 's first major release .
Civilización ( Civilization ) is the ninth and last album by Argentine rock band Los Piojos , released in 2007 .
Big Band Specials is a 1962 album by June Christy , with tracks arranged by Bill Holman , Shorty Rogers and husband Bob Cooper .
`` Wake Up Brother '' is a single released by New Zealand band Goldenhorse .
`` Ukiyo Crossing '' ( 浮世CROSSING ) is the ninth single by the Japanese band Uverworld and was released on November 14 , 2007 in CD and CD+DVD format .
Forget and Not Slow Down is the sixth full - length studio album by American rock band Relient K , released on October 6 , 2009 .
Wrong End of the Rainbow is the 1970 album from pioneer Folk rock musician Tom Rush .
Music from Atlas Dei ( 2007 ) is an album by the American ambient musician Robert Rich .
Engla Tocyme ( The Coming of the English ) is the third studio album by the English pagan metal band Forefather .
Backstabber Etiquette is the sixth album by Canadian grindcore band Fuck the Facts .
Skintight is the third album by Leaves ' Eyes female vocalist and lyricist Liv Kristine .
Holiday for Skins is a 1959 album by jazz drummer Art Blakey .
`` Texas ( When I Die ) '' is a song co - written and originally recorded by American country music artist Ed Bruce .
`` Just a Friend of Mine '' is the first single by the Belgian band Vaya Con Dios .
`` Player 's Prayer '' is the third and final single Lloyd 's second album Street Love .
`` ( You 're My One and Only ) True Love '' was a hit single by Seduction .
`` Carnival Girl '' is a song by Scottish band Texas featuring Canadian rapper Kardinal Offishall .
Gandhi Khan is a 2001 album by house music artist Armand Van Helden .
`` Como Me Duele Perderte '' ( How It Hurts To Lose You ) is a song by Gloria Estefan , released as her second single from her third Spanish album Alma Caribeña .
We Sing of Only Blood or Love ( erroneously titled We Sing Only of Blood or Love on the vinyl format ) is the debut solo album released by American singer and songwriter Dax Riggs .
Dick 's Picks Volume 23 is a three - CD album by the rock group the Grateful Dead .
`` What a Catch , Donnie '' is Fall Out Boy 's second digital download single and third radio single from their fourth studio album Folie à Deux ( 2008 ) .
Our Biggest Thing Ever is the studio album by Indonesian alternative rock band Last Child , released in 2012 .
`` It 's Five O'Clock Somewhere '' is a song performed by Alan Jackson and Jimmy Buffett , and written by Jim `` Moose '' Brown and Don Rollins .
Just Like Old Times is the début album by singer - songwriter Heather Myles .
Tougher Than Leather is the fourth studio album from American hip hop group Run-- D.M.C. , released on May 17 , 1988 .
Imperial Wax Solvent is a studio album by The Fall -- the band 's 27th -- released in the UK on April 28 , 2008 .
Love Rendezvous is the fourth single from the album Bizarre Fruit / Bizarre Fruit II by British band M People .
With Echoes in the Movement of Stone is the third studio album by American doom metal band Minsk , released on May 26 , 2009 through Relapse Records .
Motel Capri is the third album by Québécois néo - trad band Les Cowboys Fringants .
`` Do I Wanna Know ? '' is a song recorded by English indie rock band Arctic Monkeys for their fifth studio album AM ( 2013 ) .
Tied & True is the fourth album by The Detroit Cobras , released 24 April 2007 ( see 2007 in music ) .
`` Dance On ! '' is an instrumental by the British instrumental group , The Shadows .
Silence Is Wild is the third album by Swedish Singer - songwriter Frida Hyvönen .
`` Return of the Mack '' is a song written and recorded by English R&B artist Mark Morrison .
Turn Against This Land is the debut album from the London - based band Dogs , released in 2005 .
Premier Gaou is an album by Ivorian Zouglou artists Magic System .
`` The Wicked Messenger '' is a song written and originally performed by Bob Dylan for his album John Wesley Harding .
Oohs & Aahs ( 2009 ) is the sixth full - length album by Say Hi and was released on March 3 , 2009 .
The Dissolution of Eternity is the third studio album by the Austrian neoclassical dark wave band Dargaard .
`` Do n't Miss You '' , is the first single from Amy Pearson 's debut album Who I Am .
Love Is the New Hate is the sixth album by the rock group Shihad .
Brakebein , is the second full - length album by Norwegian folk metal band , Trollfest .
Nomindsland is the debut album by the industrial metal band Red Harvest , released through Black Mark Production in 1992 .
`` Cheated on Me '' is a song written and performed by Gavin DeGraw from his self - titled album as the third single , released in September 2008 .
Dig That Treasure is the debut album of the band Cryptacize , released in 2008 .
`` Ay Ay Ay Ay Moosey '' is a single by UK band Modern Romance .
`` Do Ya Wanna Funk '' is a dance song recorded by American recording artist Sylvester .
Verona Rag is the twenty - fifth album by American jazz pianist Andrew Hill recorded in 1986 and released on the Italian Soul Note label in 1987 .
`` You Were Mine '' is a song recorded by American country music group Dixie Chicks .
`` You 're the Inspiration '' is a song written by Peter Cetera and David Foster for the group Chicago and recorded for their album Chicago 17 ( 1984 ) , with Cetera singing lead vocals .
`` Hanging On '' is a song by American recording artist Active Child from his debut studio album , You Are All I See ( 2011 ) .
`` Bwatue '' is a song by Phil Ochs , a U.S. singer - songwriter best known for the protest songs he wrote in the 1960s .
A la fiesta is the third single by Spanish - French europop singer Miranda from her album , Fiesta .
J - Tull Dot Com ( 1999 ) is the 20th studio album by the British band Jethro Tull , and their final studio album consisting of all - original material .
That Night in Leamington is a DVD released by British progressive rock band Mostly Autumn .
`` Reggae Night '' is a 1983 single by reggae artist Jimmy Cliff , from his album The Power and the Glory .
Exiting Arm ( stylized as ExitingARM ) is the third studio album by American hip hop sextet Subtle .
Trampin ' is an album by Patti Smith , released April 27 , 2004 .
Demon Master is the second full - length album by the heavy metal band Blind Illusion .
`` Take Me to the Pilot '' is a rock song performed by British musician Elton John .
In Fields of Pestilent Grief is a studio album by the Norwegian funeral doom metal band Funeral .
For Aeons Past is the debut studio album by Swedish metal band Solution .45 .
`` Funky Tonight '' is the first single by the John Butler Trio from their fourth studio album , Grand National .
Soria Moria is a 1989 album from the Norwegian singer Sissel Kyrkjebø , named after the fairy tale Soria Moria Castle .
Cutting Our Teeth is the debut album by English post - hardcore band We Are the Ocean , after releasing two EPs .
Rock Rock Kiss Kiss Combo is the debut album of Danish indie rock band The Fashion .
`` Crazy Vibes '' is a song performed by Belgian musician and songwriter Selah Sue from her self - titled debut album Selah Sue .
Just Another Town is an album by Irish folk singer Johnny Duhan , originally released 21 September 1992 in Ireland , re - released on CD on 31 March 2007 .
Winter Carols is the sixth studio album by the group Blackmore 's Night , released in the United Kingdom on October , 2006 , and in the United States on November 7 , 2006 .
O Teleftaios Horos ( Greek : Ο Τελευταίος Χορός ; English : The last dance ) is the ninth studio album by Greek singer - songwriter and record producer Nikos Karvelas , released by Sony Music Greece in May 1991 .
Once Over Lightly is a 1957 album by Jo Stafford .
Live Demonstration is a demo tape made by British rock band Oasis in 1993 , prior to their rise to fame .
`` Feelins ' '' is a song written by Troy Seals , Will Jennings and Don Goodman , and recorded by American country music artists Conway Twitty and Loretta Lynn as a duet .
Private Waters in the Great Divide is the seventh studio album released by the American musical group Kid Creole and the Coconuts .
`` Stop the Cavalry '' is a song written and performed by the English musician Jona Lewie .
Dubhead is a 2004 album by Pigface and DJ Linux .
So Wrong is a song written by Carl Perkins , Danny Dill and Mel Tillis and popularized by country music artist Patsy Cline .
Sukces ( `` Success '' ) - Second Czesław Niemen 's solo album released in 1968 .
Araba 2004 was a 2004 single by musician Mustafa Sandal from the album Seven New Version , carrying five versions of the song .
Get Out of My Room is an album and short - form video featuring comedians Cheech & Chong , released in 1985 .
`` Acércate '' ( English : `` Come Closer '' ) is a song recorded by Puerto Rican reggaetón recording artist Ivy Queen and duo Wisin & Yandel for Queen 's seventh studio album Drama Queen ( 2010 ) .
Cancer and Delirium is J. Tillman 's fifth album .
`` 21 Things I Want in a Lover '' ( sometimes referred as just `` 21 Things '' ) is a song recorded by Canadian singer - songwriter Alanis Morissette for her fifth studio album , Under Rug Swept ( 2002 ) .
To Our Children 's Children 's Children is the fifth album by The Moody Blues , first issued in late 1969 .
Una Mas , on the front cover titled Una Mas ( One More Time ) , is a jazz album by trumpeter Kenny Dorham and his quintet , released in 1963 on Blue Note as BLP 4127 and BST 84127 .
`` Get Me to the World on Time '' is a song written by Annette Tucker and Jill Jones for the American garage rock band , The Electric Prunes .
Of Vengeance and Violence is the third full - length album by the metal band Dry Kill Logic .
Fruits Clipper ( stylized FRUITS CLiPPER ) is the seventh album by the Japanese electro group Capsule .
`` Meat City '' is a song written by John Lennon , released as the 12th and final track on his 1973 album Mind Games .
`` Madame George '' is a ten - minute song by Northern Irish singer - songwriter Van Morrison .
`` Susannah 's Still Alive '' is a song by the British rock group The Kinks , composed by their guitarist Dave Davies .
My Fatal Kiss is a studio album by German Symphonic Metal band Krypteria , released on August 28 , 2009 .
`` The Chain '' is a song by the British - American rock band Fleetwood Mac , released on their best - selling album Rumours .
Brand New Eyes World Tour was a series of concert tours by the American alternative rock band Paramore , touring North America , Europe , Asia , Japan , Australia , United Kingdom , South America , New Zealand and other countries .
Wicked Sensation is the debut album by American hard rock band Lynch Mob .
Garden of Love Light is the debut solo recording from noted R&B - soul - dance - pop songwriter / producer Narada Michael Walden .
Music to Gang Bang is the fifth and final studio album by American gangsta rap group , Compton 's Most Wanted .
`` Ai n't No Way to Treat a Lady '' is the title of a 1975 top ten hit by Helen Reddy .
Aloha Moon is the debut album by Magic Wands , released on April 24 , 2012 under exclusive worldwide license to Bright Antenna Records .
MusiqInTheMagiq is the sixth studio album by the R&B singer , Musiq Soulchild .
`` Je m'appelle Bagdad '' is the second single to be released from Tina Arena 's fifth studio album Un autre univers .
Visible Wings ( Chinese : 有形的翅膀 ; You Xing De Chi Bang ) is the 7th album by Taiwanese Mandopop singer Angela Chang , the first under her new label Wonderful Music , released on October 12 , 2012 in three formats :
`` Heroes of Our Time '' is a song by English power metal band DragonForce .
Giant Step / De Ole Folks at Home is the third studio album by American blues artist Taj Mahal .
First Album Live is a live version of the self - titled first album by They Might Be Giants .
ForThemAsses is the second album by California band OPM , released on June 1 , 2004 .
Voice of the Xtabay is the first studio album by Peruvian soprano Yma Sumac .
Contakt is the fifth studio album by the Norwegian urban music duo Madcon .
Falling Home is the fifth solo album from the singer / songwriter Jude Cole .
`` Walked Outta Heaven '' is the second single released by R&B group Jagged Edge from their fourth studio album Hard .
`` Breakin ' My Heart ( Pretty Brown Eyes ) '' is a song performed by Mint Condition , issued as the second single from their debut album Meant to Be Mint .
The Doobie Brothers remade `` Take Me in Your Arms '' for their 1975 Stampede album .
Darkness and Hope is the fifth studio album by Portuguese gothic metal band , Moonspell , released in 2001 .
`` The Dope Show '' is a song from Marilyn Manson 's 1998 album Mechanical Animals , released in September of that year as the album 's lead single .
`` I 'm Jealous '' is a song by Australian rock duo Divinyls , released in 1995 as the lead single from their fifth studio album Underworld .
Gang Again is the second studio album recorded by Australian band Gang Gajang .
After Sics is the compilation album from rappers Lord Infamous and II Tone .
Jiang Pengxiang ( simplified Chinese : 姜鹏翔 ; traditional Chinese : 姜鵬翔 ; pinyin : Jiāng Péngxiáng ; born February 9 , 1981 , in Shenyang , Liaoning ) is a Chinese football player .
DJ Felli Fel was born in Rock Hill , South Carolina and grew up in Atlanta , Los Angeles , and Dallas .
Felice Varini ( born in Locarno in 1952 ) is a Paris - based , Swiss artist who was nominated for the 2000/2001 Marcel Duchamp Prize .
Jody Stephens ( born October 4 , 1952 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an American drummer , who has played in Big Star ( with Alex Chilton of the Box Tops ) and Golden Smog ( with members of the Jayhawks and Soul Asylum ) .
Hardwick was born in Rylstone , New South Wales , the son of Rebecca ( née White ) and John William Hardwick ( 1826 - 1891 ) .
Minyon Moore ( born May 16 , 1958 in Chicago , Illinois ) is a founder of Women Building for the Future , and heads Dewey Square Group 's state and local practice .
Tancredi Palamara ( born in Milan , August 28 , 1968 ) , known professionally as Tank Palamara , is an Italian rock guitarist .
Gabriel Bucelin ( also Gabriel Buzlin , Gabriel Bincelint , or Gabriel Bucelinus ) ( 29 December 1599 , Diessenhofen , Thurgau -- 9 June 1681 , Weingarten ) was a Benedictine polymath , Humanist , historical writer and cartographer .
Eric Frey ( born 1963 , in Vienna ) is an Austrian publicist and political scientist .
Julia Bulette , whose real name was Jule , was born in 1832 in London , England of French ancestry , although some historians give her birthplace as Liverpool or Mississippi .
Luke Mockridge ( born 21 March 1989 in Bonn , Germany ) is a Canadian - Italian comedian and author in Germany .
Marta Randall ( born 1948 in Mexico City ) is a science fiction writer .
Bruno Meyer ( born 1938 in Schaffhausen ) is a Swiss religious leader , founder of the Menorah church ( Evangeliumsgemeinde Menorah `` evangelical congregation Menorah '' ) , a small fundamentalist Christian , evangelicalist congregation based in Wetzikon , canton of Zürich .
Richard Oelze ( June 29 , 1900 in Magdeburg -- November 26 , 1980 in Gut Posteholz near Hameln ) was a German painter .
Philipp Scheidemann was born in Kassel on 26 July 1865 , the son of Friedrich Scheidemann ( 1842 - -79 ) an upholsterer , and his wife Wilhelmine ( née Pape ; 1842 - 1907 ) .
Yves Rocher was born in the village of La Gacilly , Morbihan , where he grew up .
Born in 1961 in Incheon , Yim Soon - rye graduated from Hanyang University in 1985 with a B.A. in English Literature and an M.A. in Theater and Film .
Theodor Friedrich von Schubert ( 1789 - -1865 ) was born in Saint Petersburg as the son of astronomer Theodor von Schubert .
Leo Beenhakker ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈleːjoː ˈbeːnɦɑkər ) ; born 2 August 1942 in Rotterdam , South Holland ) is an international Dutch football coach .
Ulbrickson was born in Seattle , and was the son of the famed University of Washington rowing coach of the same name , Al Ulbrickson .
Lucas Mario Horvat ( born 13 October 1985 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine - born Slovenian footballer , currently playing for Slovenian club Domžale .
Tricia Wright ( born 1 September 1958 in Epping ) is an English darts player from Mitcham in Surrey .
Father Edward McGlynn ( September 27 , 1837 -- January 7 , 1900 ) , American Roman Catholic priest and social reformer , was born in New York City of Irish parents .
Anatoly Kudryavitsky ( Russian : Анатолий Исаевич Кудрявицкий ; born 17 August 1954 in Moscow ) is a Russian - Irish novelist , poet and literary translator .
Omar Hilale ( Arabic : عمر هلال‎ ; born 1 January 1951 in Agadir ) is a Moroccan career diplomat .
Porter Edward Sargent ( June 6 , 1872 -- March 27 , 1951 ) , born in Brooklyn , New York , was a prominent educational critic and founder of Porter Sargent Publishers in Boston in 1915 .
Ray Dennis Steckler was born in Reading , Pennsylvania where his grandmother , who largely raised him , nurtured his love of movies .
The painter Fendry Ekel ( born 1971 , Jakarta ) is based in Berlin and Yogyakarta .
Dominique Perras is a retired Canadian professional cyclist born in Napierville , Quebec .
Cristiano da Silva Santos or simply Cristiano ( born May 16 , 1987 in Pedro Leopoldo - MG ) , is a Brazilian striker .
Karl Nikolas Fraas ( 8 September 1810 -- 9 November 1875 ) , German botanist and agriculturist , was born at Rattelsdorf , near Bamberg .
Duncan Chow ( Chinese : 周群達 ; born Duncan Lai ( 黎登勤 ) , September 19 , 1978 ) is a Hong Kong - born actor who is popular in Taiwan .
Heiko Schwarz ( born 23 August 1989 in Cottbus ) is a German footballer who is currently a free agent .
Ursula Wertheim was born in Nowawes , a township a short distance to the east of Potsdam in central Germany .
Born in Tbilisi , Maia Panjikidze is the daughter of the writer Guram Panjikidze .
Tim Bowens was born and grew up in Okolona , Mississippi , one of two county seats in rural Chickasaw County .
Theodore Meliteniotes ( Greek : Θεόδωρος Μελιτηνιώτης ; Constantinople , c. 1320 - 8 March 1393 ) was a Byzantine Greek astronomer , a sakellarios ( treasurer ) in the Byzantine bureaucracy , a supporter of Gregory Palamas and an opponent of the reunion with the Catholic Church .
Noah Starr is originally from Camden , Maine , USA .
Martin Miriata is an I - Kiribati footballer who plays as a Striker for current champions Makin football club .
Ernesto Ueltschi died in Buenos Aires , where he resided , on July 6 , 2014 , at the age of 92 .
Doutzen Kroes was born on 23 January 1985 in the village of Eastermar ( Dutch : Oostermeer ) with approximately 1,600 inhabitants , in the province of Friesland , Netherlands , to a Frisian family .
Lynda Suzanne Robinson ( born July 6 , 1951 in Amarillo , Texas ) is an American writer , author of romance ( under the name Suzanne Robinson ) and mystery novels ( under the name Lynda S. Robinson ) .
Milton Thiago de Mello ( born on February 5 , 1916 , in Rio de Janeiro ) is the dean of Brazilian primatology .
John Dahl was born in Billings , Montana , the second of four children ( his brother is filmmaker Rick Dahl ) .
Frankie hi - nrg mc , born Francesco Di Gesù ( Turin , 18 July 1969 ) , is an Italian rapper of Sicilian origin .
Tommy Allison ( 1875 in Edinburgh -- 4 March 1961 ) was a Scottish footballer who played for Reading and West Ham United .
Niccolò Pandolfini was born in Florence in 1440 , the son of Giannozzo Pandolfini and Giovanna Valori , who were Florentine patricians .
Bob Burden ( Buffalo , New York , 1952 ) is an American comic book artist and writer , best known as the creator of Flaming Carrot Comics and the Mystery Men .
Frank Lloyd Wright was born Frank Lincoln Wright in the farming town of Richland Center , Wisconsin , United States , in 1867 .
Jennifer Greene is one of the pseudonyms for Jill Alison Hart ( born in Michigan , United States ) .
William Eustis was born on June 10 , 1753 in Cambridge , Massachusetts , to Benjamin Eustis , a prominent Boston doctor , and Elizabeth ( Hill ) Eustis .
Johannes Bell was born on 23 September 1868 in Essen in what was then the Rhine Province of Prussia , as the son of Josef Bell , an engineer , and his wife Josefine ( née Steuer ) .
Andrea Ridolfi ( born 4 August 1963 in Rome ) is an Italian musician , composer and orchestra director .
Chris Jury ( born 28 September 1956 in Coventry , Warwickshire ) is an English actor / writer / director with a range of television credits .
Jaidev Kumar ( Hindi : जयदेव कुमार ) is an Indian musician and producer , who was born in Delhi but who moved to Mumbai in 2000 .
Eric Emm ( b. Eric M. Topolsky , 1975 , Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania ) is a rock bassist and guitarist .
Kathrin Beck ( born March 8 , 1966 in Vienna ) was an Austrian ice dancer .
Deanne Angelica Barcellano Alipio better known by her screen name Angelica Barcelo ( born March 7 , 1996 in Quezon City ) is a theatrical actress of Mandaluyong Artist Center .
Charles Boxton ( April 24 , 1860 in Shasta County , California -- August 29 , 1927 in San Mateo , California ) served as the 27th mayor of San Francisco from July 9 to July 16 , 1907 .
Philippe Entremont was born in Reims to musical parents , his mother being a Grand Prix pianist and his father an operatic conductor .
Fred LeRoy Granville was born in Warrnambool , Victoria , Australia , in 1896 , and educated in New Zealand .
Richard Lippold ( May 3 , 1915 Milwaukee , Wisconsin -- August 22 , 2002 ) was an American sculptor , known for his geometric constructions using wire as a medium .
Mischa Maisky ( Latvian : Miša Maiskis , Hebrew : מישה מייסקי‎ ; born January 10 , 1948 in Riga ) is a Latvian - born Israeli cellist .
In the late 1970s , Don Dokken was playing in a Los Angeles - based band called Airborn , and had the opportunity to reach a record deal in Germany .
Robert Arthur Morton Stern , usually credited as Robert A. M. Stern ( born May 23 , 1939 ) , is a New York City and New Haven based American architect , professor , and academic writer .
Giovanni Cobolli Gigli ( born 4 January 1945 in Albese con Cassano ) is an Italian lawyer and the former president of Juventus Football Club .
Brenno de Winter ( born 6 December 1971 in Ede ) is a Dutch ICT and investigative journalist .
Archibald Matthias Dunn FRIBA , JP , ( 1832 -- 17 January 1917 ) born in Wylam in Northumberland , was with his partner Edward Joseph Hansom , among the foremost Catholic architects in North East England during the Victorian era .
Renae Jacobs was born February 1 , 1957 in Lansing , Michigan , moving to Los Angeles in the early 1980s to pursue a career as a voice actress .
Hélie Marie Auguste Jacques Bertrand Philippe de Noailles , 10th Duke of Noailles ( born 16 July 1943 , Boulogne - Billancourt ) , simply known as Hélie de Noailles , is a French nobleman , diplomat and trade representative .
Olga Odanović Petrović ( Celje , 29 August 1958 ) is a Serbian theater and film actress .
Agneta Lindskog ( born April 25 , 1953 in Stockholm ) is a Swedish luger who competed during the late 1970s and early 1980s .
Joana Machado ( born Joana Machado Neves on November 13 , 1980 in Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian personal trainer , photographic model and reality television personality , best known for being the winner of the fourth season of the Brazilian version of The Farm .
Joseph Thomas Lee , better known by his stage name Deadlee , is an American rapper and songwriter based in Los Angeles , California .
Miguel Asín Palacios was born in Zaragoza , Aragón , on July 5 , 1871 , into the modest commercial family of Don Pablo Asín and Doña Filomena Palacios .
Michael Sharrett was born in Ventura , California , a city located in Southern California approximately 30 miles from Los Angeles .
Aleksei Igorevich Ivaschenko ( Russian : Алексей Игоревич Иващенко , born May 12 , 1958 in Moscow ) and Georgii Leonardovich Vasilyev ( Russian : Георгий Леонардович Васильев , born June 22 , 1957 in Zaporizhia , Ukraine ) are a Soviet / Russian bard duo , informally known as Ivasi .
Liu Jindong ( simplified Chinese : 刘金东 ; traditional Chinese : 劉金東 ; pinyin : Líu Jīndōng ) ( December 9 , 1981 in Qingdao , Shandong ) is a former Chinese international football player who played as a versatile player capable of playing in defense or midfield .
Born in Prijepolje , SR Serbia , Muhamed Preljević started his career in Yugoslavia where , after playing with FK Bor in the Second League , he joined NK Dinamo Zagreb in 1987 and played with them in the Yugoslav First League until 1991 .
Ibrahima Koné ( born 26 July 1969 in Adjamé ) is a former Ivorian Midfielder .
Johann von der Leyen was born in Saffig in 1510 , the son of Bartholomäus von der Leyen , chancellor of the Archbishopric of Cologne , and his wife Katharina von Pallandt .
Grant Shaud was born in Evanston , Illinois , the son of Ann Barbara ( née Dougherty ) and Edward Shaud , Jr. His family was Irish Catholic .
Jukka Ylipulli ( born 6 February 1963 in Rovaniemi ) is a Finnish former nordic combined skier who competed during the 1980s and early 1990s .
Andrea Duran ( born April 12 , 1984 ) is an American softball player from Selma , California .
Sıla Şahin ( born 3 December 1985 in Spandau , Berlin ) is a Turkish - German actress , best known for her portrayal of Ayla Özgül in the German soap opera Gute Zeiten , schlechte Zeiten .
Kunal Shah was born as Kunal to Dilip Shah and Bindu on 21 August1976 in Mumbai , Maharashtra as the second oldest of 3 siblings .
John John Jesse is an illustrative painter from New York City 's Lower East Side in the Juxtapoz gonzo - pop vein .
Leon Panetta was born in Monterey , California , the son of Carmelina Maria and Carmelo Frank Panetta , Italian immigrants from Siderno in Calabria who owned 7 restaurants in the Monterey area .
Gustav Gärtner ( September 28 , 1855 -- November 4 , 1937 ) was an Austrian pathologist born in Pardubice , Bohemia .
Terry Pluto ( born June 12 , 1955 ) is an American sportswriter , newspaper columnist , and author who primarily writes columns for The Plain Dealer , and formerly for the Akron Beacon Journal about Cleveland , Ohio sports and religion .
Norma I. Quintana ( born in Cleveland , Ohio , 1954 ) is an American photographer and educator working in the tradition of social documentary .
Giovanni Battista Lamperti was born in 1839 in Milan to Italian singing teacher Francesco Lamperti .
Norah Beare ( born 25 May 1946 , Banbridge , County Down , Northern Ireland ) was a Member of the Northern Ireland Assembly for Lagan Valley .
Per Stig Møller ( Danish pronunciation : ( pʰeɐ̯ sd̥i ˈmølɐ ) , informal : Per Stig ; born August 27 , 1942 in Frederiksberg ) is a Danish politician .
Victor Ostrovsky was born in Edmonton , Alberta on November 28 , 1949 , and moved to Israel at the age of five .
Mike Seamon ( August 30 , 1988 in Rahway , New Jersey ) is an American soccer player .
Patrick Defossez ( born 7 August 1959 at Valenciennes , France ) is a Belgian composer , pianist and improviser of contemporary classical music .
Peyman Keshavarz ( Persian : پیمان کشاورز‎ , born 3 March 1996 in Shabestar , East Azerbaijan ) is an Iranian footballer who currently plays for Tractor Sazi .
Yazid Sabeg ( born 8 January 1950 in Guelma , Algeria ) , is the president of the administrative council of the French high - technology firm CS Communication and Systems and also a member of the French Institute of International and Strategic Relations .
Dennis Dunaway ( born December 9 , 1946 in Cottage Grove , Oregon ) is an American musician , best known as the original bass guitarist for Alice Cooper from 1969 - -1974 .
Jessie Van Roechoudt is a professional skateboarder from Kelowna , British Columbia , Canada .
Marvin Angarita Reyes , is a Colombian cyclist born on April 11 , 1989 in Barrancabermeja , Santander .
Jim Molyneux ( born in Port Sunlight ) was an English footballer who played for Stockport County and Chelsea .
Born in Duisburg , he was the fourth of eight children born to the miner Wilhelm Lehmbruck and his wife Margaretha .
Netanel Ben Simon , ( Hebrew : נתנאל בן סימון‎ ; born 26 May 1992 in Acre ) is an Israeli footballer .
John Barnard ( born 4 May 1946 , Wembley , London ) is a race car designer and is working with Terence Woodgate designing high specification carbon fibre furniture .
Born in Mairena del Alcor , Seville , Jozabed finished his formation in Sevilla FC 's youth ranks , and made his senior debuts in 2010 - -11 with the C - team .
Born in São Paulo , Jean Mota began his career on Portuguesa , and made his debut on 21 March 2012 , against Cuiabá , for the season 's Copa do Brasil .
Ruslan Yamadayev belonged to the Gudermes - based Chechen Benoi teip .
Eugen von Bamberger ( 5 September 1858 - October 1921 ) was an Austrian internist born in Würzburg , Germany .
Anne Helene Gjelstad ( 9 May 1956 in Oslo ) is a Norwegian photographer and fashion designer .
Jean Baptiste Paulin Trolard ( 27 November 1842 , Sedan , Ardennes -- 13 April 1910 ) was an anatomist known for his work on the anastomotic veins of the cerebral circulation .
Siraj Wahhaj ( born Jeffrey Kearse , March 11 , 1950 ) is an African - American imam of Al - Taqwa mosque in Brooklyn , New York and the leader of The Muslim Alliance in North America ( MANA ) .
Walter A. Brown ( February 10 , 1905 -- September 7 , 1964 ) was the founder and original owner of the Boston Celtics as well as an important figure in the development of ice hockey in the United States .
Mirra Alfassa was born in Paris in 1878 , of a Turkish Jewish father , Moïse Maurice Alfassa ( 5 July 1843 - 13 September 1918 ) , and an Egyptian Jewish mother , Mathilde Ismalun ( 26 August 1857 - 9 December 1944 ) .
Alireza Mansourian ( Persian : علیرضا منصوریان‎‎ , born 2 December 1971 in Tehran ) is an Iranian football coach and retired player .
Peter Bartram ( 4 May 1961 in Aarhus ) is a Danish general .
Ivan Žužek ( 2 December 1924 , Ljubljana -- 2 February 2004 , Rome ) , was a Slovenian Jesuit priest and Canonist .
Claus Hinrich Casdorff ( August 6 , 1925 in Hamburg -- February 6 , 2004 ) was a German journalist .
Huck Hodge ( born 1977 , Gainesville , FL ) is an American composer of contemporary classical music .
Born in Queens , New York , Jennifer Rush spent her childhood in New York City , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany , and in Seattle , Washington with her father , who was then a professor at the University of Washington .
Z. G. Muhammad is a columnist born in Nowhatta , Srinagar , Kashmir , India .
Lisa Zimmermann ( born March 2 , 1996 in Nuremberg ) is a German freestyle skier .
Tuan Vo - Dinh ( Vietnamese : Võ Đình Tuấn ) ( Nha Trang , 11 April 1948 ) is R. Eugene and Susie E. Goodson Professor of Biomedical Engineering , Professor of Chemistry , and Director of the Fitzpatrick Institute for Photonics of Duke University .
Born in Gap , Chantal Lauby spent her childhood in Auvergne , between Auzon and Clermont - Ferrand .
Daniel Pfister ( born December 7 , 1986 in Schwaz ) is an Austrian luger who has competed since 2003 .
Bernd Stelter ( born 19 April 1961 in Unna ) is a German comedian , writer and television presenter .
Antonio Tabucchi was born in Pisa but grew up at his maternal grandparents ' home in Vecchiano , a nearby village .
Günther Landgraf was born in Kryry , in Bohemia ( now Czech Republic ) .
M. D. Rajendran was born at Ponkunnam of Kottayam district , Kerala .
Natacha Peyre Requena ( born 26 March 1985 , Ibiza , Spain ) is a Swedish actress , singer , and glamour model .
Christine Feehan ( b. Christine King in California ) is an American romance - paranormal writer .
Lacy Rose ( born March 4 , 1969 in Laguna Beach , California ) is a former pornographic actress who appeared in over 150 films between 1992 and 1997 .
Alain Planès ( Lyon , 20 January 1948 ) is a French pianist .
Stephen Bocskay was born in Kolozsvár ( today : Cluj - Napoca ) to the Bocskay family as the son of György Bocskay and Krisztina Sulyok , and spent most of his childhood in Prague and Vienna where he served as an apprentice in the Habsburg chancellery .
Raymond Crotty grew up in Kilkenny town .
Gerald Teschl ( born May 12 , 1970 in Graz ) is an Austrian mathematical physicist and Professor of Mathematics .
Although born in Vienna , Erwin Axer spent most of his early years in Lwów ( modern Lviv , Ukraine ) .
Roberto Sorrentino ( born 14 August 1955 in Naples ) is an Italian retired footballer who played as a Goalkeeper , most recently manager of Albanian Superliga club Teuta Durrës .
Prem Chopra , the third of six children of Ranbirlal and Rooprani Chopra , a Punjabi Hindu family , was born on 23 September 1935 , in Lahore .
Mohamed Sesay ( born February 22 , 1984 in Freetown , Sierra Leone ) is a Sierra Leonean international footballer , who currently plays for Kallon F.C ..
Eiling Kramer was born in 1914 , the son of Minne Dowe Kramer and Jacobina Kopinga , in Highworth , Saskatchewan in the North Battleford district .
Marcus Lakee Edwards ( born March 29 , 1976 ) , better known by his stage name Lil ' Keke , is an American hip hop recording artist from Houston , Texas and original member of the Southern hip hop collective Screwed Up Click .
De La Beckwith was born in Colusa , California , the son of Susan Southworth Yerger and Byron De La Beckwith , Sr . , who was the town 's postmaster .
Rick Jason ( May 21 , 1923 -- October 16 , 2000 ) , born Richard Jacobson , was an American actor , born in New York City , and most remembered for his role as 2nd Lt . Gil Hanley in the ABC television drama Combat ! ( 1962 - -1967 ) .
Michael Shrieve ( born July 6 , 1949 , in San Francisco ) is an American drummer , percussionist , and later , an electronic music composer .
Beverly Matherne ( born March 15 , 1946 in Louisiana ) is an American writer and poet .
Fabrizio Grillo ( born 2 February 1987 in Rome ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Pavia in Lega Pro . He is a left back but can also play as a left winger .
Christian Nikolaus Eberlein ( 1720 - -1788 ) , a German historical painter , was born at Rudolstadt in 1720 .
Mark Lawrenson was born in Penwortham and attended Preston Catholic College , a Jesuit school .
Mohamed Tahar Fergani born 9 May 1928 in Constantine , is an Algerian singer , violinist and composer , nicknamed the Nightingale of Constantine .
Joshua Caleb Norkus ( born March 14 , 1979 in Raleigh , North Carolina ) is an American soccer player who currently plays for the National Premier Soccer League club Puerto Rico Bayamón .
Wesley Tuttle ( born December 30 , 1917 in Lamar , Colorado ; died September 29 , 2003 ) was an American country music singer .
Clifton Brown ( born August 29 , 1976 ) is a retired Canadian Light Heavyweight Muay Thai Kickboxer of Jamaican descent , who fought out of Toronto , Ontario .
John Robert Gregg was born in Shantonagh , Ireland , as the youngest child of Robert and Margaret Gregg , where they remained until 1872 , when they moved to Rockcorry , County Monaghan .
Mona Barthel was born in Bad Segeberg to Wolfgang Barthel , who won the shot put event at the 1970 European Junior Athletics Championships in Paris , and Dr. Hannelore .
Alois Vogl ( born September 15 , 1972 in Neukirchen beim Heiligen Blut ) is a German alpine skier .
Díaz de León was born in the Triana neighborhood in the city of Aguascalientes , the son of Francisco Díaz de León and Ignacia Medina .
Petur Alberg ( 1885 -- 1940 ) , Faroese violin player and songwriter from Tórshavn .
Zlatko Zebić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Злaткo Зeбић , born January 8 , 1979 in Loznica ) is a Serbian football player .
Edgar Kail was born in Camberwell , London on 26 November 1900 to James Walker Issac Kail , a post office sorter and Rosa Mary Kail ( née Yells ) .
Sonya Balmores is an American actress , model , and surfer from Kalaheo , Hawaii who also competed in the Miss Teen USA pageant .
Jennifer Galais ( born March 7 1992 in Lyon ) Is a French athlete , specialising in the sprints .
Jon Olav Hjelde ( born 30 April 1972 in Verdal ) is a Norwegian former footballer who played as a central defender .
Van der Kallen was born in Leeuwarden and , under the pen - name of Havank , published over 30 crime - novels and stories , with as principal characters French police officers Bruno Silvère and Charles C.M. Carlier ( the latter better known as De Schaduw , `` the Shadow '' ) .
Mordecai Manuel Noah ( July 14 , 1785 , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania -- May 22 , 1851 , New York ) was an American playwright , diplomat , journalist , and utopian .
Henry Coppée was born in Savannah , Georgia , to a family of French extraction that had formerly settled in Haiti .
John Carradine was born in the Greenwich Village section of the Manhattan borough of New York City , son of William Reed Carradine , a correspondent for the Associated Press , and his wife Dr. Genevieve Winnifred Richmond , a surgeon .
Johannes Hörnig was born into a working - class family in Leppersdorf a small village between Dresden and Bautzen .
Asa Drury was born July 26 , 1801 in Athol , Massachusetts as the fifth of eleven children of Joel Drury and Ruth ( Hill ) Drury .
Carlos Enrique Saucedo Urgel ( born 11 September 1979 in Santa Cruz de la Sierra ) , commonly known as Carlos Saucedo , is a Bolivian footballer , who plays as a striker in the Liga de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano for club Blooming and the Bolivian national team .
Kenneth Carllile was born April 2 , 1931 in St. Louis , Missouri and grew up on his impoverished father 's tenant farm in Harrisburg , Illinois .
Eugene Casserly was born on November 13 , 1820 , in Mullingar , County Westmeath , Ireland , and immigrated to the United States with his parents in 1822 , settling in New York .
Anna Gunn was born in Santa Fe , New Mexico , to Shana , an interior designer , and Clem , who worked in real estate .
Hüseyin Sermet ( born in Istanbul , 1955 ) is a Turkish pianist and composer .
Wang Erzhuo ( simplified Chinese : 王尔卓 ; traditional Chinese : 王爾卓 ; Pinyin : Wáng Ěrzhuō ) ( born February 5 , 1987 in Xi'an , Shaanxi ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Beijing BIT in the China League One .
William James Sidis was born to Jewish Ukrainian immigrants on April 1 , 1898 , in New York City .
Call Cobbs , Jr. ( also billed as Call Cobbs Jr. and Call Cobbs ) ( 1910 or 1911 , in Springfield , Ohio -- September 21 , 1971 ) was an American jazz pianist , electric harpsichordist , and organist .
James Pinnock is an English soccer player from Dartford , Kent .
Donald Adams was born in Bristol and educated at the Bristol Cathedral School , where he sang as a chorister in the cathedral and played Thomas Becket in Murder in the Cathedral at the age of sixteen .
Stephen Geller ( b. Los Angeles , California ) is an American screenwriter and novelist .
Anastasia Lazariuc ( born 6 July 1953 Băcioi , Chișinău , Moldova ) is a singer .
Simone Borgheresi ( born 1 August 1968 in Greve in Chianti ) is a former Italian racing cyclist .
Biserka Jevtimijević Drinjaković ( b. 1969 in Kosovska Mitrovica ) is the current director of the supervisory board of the Serbian national oil company NIS .
James Patrick Scullion also known as Pat Scullion ( born 2 March 1986 ) in Dunfermline ) is a professional Scottish football player , currently playing for Cowdenbeath .
Hovhannes Hakhverdyan was born in Saint Petersburg on 29 June 1873 in an Armenian noble family .
Corrina Hewat ( born 21 December 1970 , Edinburgh ) is a Scottish harpist and composer who was awarded Music Tutor of the Year at Na Trads in 2013 .
Lucrezia Borgia was born at Subiaco , near Rome .
Arnold Östman , born on December 24 , 1939 in Malmö , is a Swedish conductor and music director .
Mekonnen Gebremedhin Woldegiorg ( born 11 October 1988 in Addis Ababa ) is an Ethiopian middle distance runner , who specializes in the 1500 metres .
Heri Martínez de Dios was born in Camagüey , Cuba and arrived in Puerto Rico , his second home , at the age of three .
Louise Fishman ( born 1939 ) is an American abstract painter from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Tamás Kásás ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈtɒmaːʃ ˈkaːʃaːʃ ) ; born July 20 , 1976 in Budapest ) is a retired Hungarian water polo player , with a height of 200 cm and a weight of 90 kg . Kásás is often described as the best defensive player of his era , if not the best overall .
Ulf Hoelscher ( born 17 January 1942 in Kitzingen ) is a German violinist .
Pope Benedict XI ( Latin : Benedictus XI ; 1240 -- 7 July 1304 ) , born Nicola Boccasini , ( Niccolò of Treviso ) was Pope from 22 October 1303 to his death on 7 July , 1304 .
Princess Angeline ( c. 1820 -- May 31 , 1896 ) , also known in Lushootseed as Kikisoblu , Kick - is - om - lo , or Wewick , was the eldest daughter of Chief Seattle .
Maria Chiara Periotto ( Ed . ) , Giovanna Daffini : il segno vitale del canto , Comune di Motteggiana 2001 Cesare Bermani ( Ed . ) , Giovanna Daffini , l'amata genitrice , Comune di Gualtieri 1993 Serafino Prati , Giovanna Daffini cantastorie , Edizioni Libreria Rinascita 1975 Aldo Vitale , in :
In the Tehran derby on 1355 - 07 - 02 between Taj ( now known as Esteghlal ) and Persepolis FC , Hadi Naraghi scored a goal on the 26th minute to give Taj the lead .
Emanuele Formichetti ( born 28 May 1983 in Rieti ) is an Italian long jumper .
Rozalie Hirs ( Gouda , 7 April 1965 ) is a Dutch composer of contemporary classical music and a poet .
Pavel Kysilka ( born 5 September 1958 in Boskovice ) is a Czechoslovakian / Czech economist , who was head of the Central Bank of the Czech National Bank from 1997 to 1998 .
Timea Majorova ( born October 2 , 1974 in Bratislava , Czechoslovakia ) is an IFBB professional fitness competitor .
Michael Chua is a film producer , film director and poet from Singapore .
Benoît Sokal ( born 28 June 1954 in Brussels ) is a Belgian comic artist and video game developer , best known for his comics series Inspector Canardo .
Edward Goldsmith ( widely known as Teddy ) was born in Paris in 1928 to a German Jewish father , Frank Goldsmith , and French mother , Marcelle Mouiller .
Walter Leslie Handley ( 5 April 1902 -- 15 November 1941 ) born in Aston , Birmingham , known as Wal Handley , was a champion British inter - war motorcycle racer with four wins at the Isle of Man TT Races in his career .
Rosanna Carteri was born in Verona and raised in Padua .
Sabine was born into a prominent Anglo - Irish family in Tewin , Hertfordshire , the eldest son of Joseph Sabine .
Born in Cherokee Nation , Oklahoma , Volney Davis 's criminal career began in 1919 when he was sentenced to three years imprisonment for grand larceny at the Oklahoma State Penitentiary .
Norman Bellingham ( born December 23 , 1964 in Fairfax , Virginia ) is an American sprint canoer and Olympic champion who competed from the mid-1980s to the early 1990s .
Laurent Petitgirard ( born 10 June 1950 in Paris ) is a French classical composer and conductor .
Jérémy Obin ( born 5 March 1993 in Lille ) is a French football player who plays for and captains Belgian club White Star Bruxelles in the Belgian Second Division .
Born in Brooklyn , Felice Frankel attended Midwood High School and Brooklyn College of the City University of New York ( CUNY ) , where she majored in biology .
Robert Dunkarton ( 1744 - -1811 ) , a mezzotint engraver , was born in London in 1744 .
Josefino Cenizal ( 14 September 1919 -- 27 March 2015 ) was a Filipino composer , director and actor from Tanza , Cavite .
Émile Bravo was born in Paris in 1964 from Spanish parents ( a Catalan father and a Valencian mother ) .
Charmaine Yee 余嘉甄 ( born 1 July 1987 ) , also known as Yee Kah Yan Charmaine , is a Singapore Emcee / Host & Radio Announcer and contracted artiste under Kiss 92FM .
Vincent Waller ( born September 30 , 1960 ) is a Texas - born writer , artist , animator , storyboard artist , and technical director .
Omar Kent Dykes ( born Kent Dykes Giggedy , 1950 , McComb , Mississippi , United States ) is an American blues guitarist and singer , living in Austin , Texas .
Born Bruno Cirino Pomicino in Naples , Cirino abandoned his studies in law to enroll the Silvio d’Amico Academy of Dramatic Arts in Rome .
Fodil Hadjadj ( Arabic : فضيل حجاج‎ ; born April 18 , 1983 in Bologhine , Alger ) is an Algerian football player .
Jean François Aimé Théophile Philippe Gaudin or Jean François Aimée Gottlieb Philippe Gaudin ( 1766 in Longirod , canton de Vaud -- 1833 ) was a Swiss pastor , professor and botanist .
Arlette Chabot ( born Chartres , 21 July 1951 ) is a prominent French journalist and political commentator .
Hans - Karl Stepp was born on 2 September 1914 in Gießen as son to a University professor .
Mabel Fonseca Ramírez ( born May 8 , 1972 in Guantánamo , Cuba ) is a retired amateur Puerto Rican freestyle wrestler , who competed in the women 's lightweight category .
He was born in Belfast to farmer Hugh Langwell and Matilda McCully .
Hrant Maloyan was born in Constantinople ( today Istanbul ) on 29 November 1896 to an Armenian Catholic family .
Born in Palma , Majorca , Juanan played youth football for three clubs , including local RCD Mallorca from ages 17 - -18 .
Born in La Tablada , Leandro Chaparro started his professional career in 2009 , playing for San Lorenzo .
Walter Brueggemann ( born March 11 , 1933 in Tilden , Nebraska ) is an American Protestant Old Testament scholar and theologian .
Corey Bramlet ( born January 17 , 1983 in Wheatland , Wyoming ) is a former American football quarterback .
Sven Haakanson , Jr. was born in Old Harbor , Alaska , a small - remote - island village , into the Alutiiq people.a His father , Sven Haakanson , Sr . , was a community leader serving as the Mayor of Old Harbor and the president of the Old Harbor Tribal Council .
Mike van Arsdale ( born June 20 , 1965 , Waterloo , Iowa , United States ) is an American former professional mixed martial artist who competed as Light Heavyweight .
Takahashi Meijin ( 高橋名人 , literally Master Takahashi ) , real name Toshiyuki Takahashi ( 高橋 利幸 Takahashi Toshiyuki , born May 23 , 1959 in Sapporo , Hokkaidō ) is a former executive of Hudson Soft .
Isabelle Aboulker was born on 23 October 1938 in the Parisian suburb of Boulogne - Billancourt .
Samantha Davies ( born 23 August 1974 in Portsmouth ) is a British yachtswoman .
Tiffany Mynx ( born October 10 , 1971 in Upland , California ) is an American pornographic actress and film director .
Michael Bordt SJ ( born 28 April 1960 in Hamburg ) is a German philosopher and academic .
Bruce Margolin was born in Cleveland , Ohio , and moved to Los Angeles , California as a young child .
Andrew Blackman ( born 2 August 1965 in Brisbane ) is an Australian actor and theatre director .
Simon Travis ( born 22 March 1977 in Preston ) is an English footballer who plays for Brackley Town .
Goran Stanić or Stanik ( Macedonian : Горан Станиќ ) ( born 8 September 1972 in Skopje ) is a Serbian - born Macedonian retired professional footballer .
Ghenadie Orbu ( born 8 July 1982 , Chișinău ) is a Moldovan professional footballer who currently plays for Codru Lozova .
Antoine Quinquet was a French pharmacist who was born in Soissons on 9 March 1745 .
Karin Enke started her sport career as a figure skater at the club SC Einheit Dresden .
Christoforos Zografos ( Greek : Χριστόφορος Ζωγράφος , born March 24 , 1969 ) is a Greek football referee who currently resides in Athens .
François Houtart ( born 1925 in Brussels ) is a Belgian marxist sociologist and Catholic priest .
Lee Edwards ( born 1932 in Chicago , Illinois ) is a distinguished fellow in conservative thought at the B. Kenneth Simon Center for American Studies at The Heritage Foundation .
Eric Bokanga Musau ( born 9 October 1989 in Kinshasa ) is a Congolese international footballer who plays for TP Mazembe , as a striker .
Yitzhak Apeloig ( born September 1 , 1944 in Uzbekistan ) is a pioneer in the computational chemistry field of the Ab initio quantum chemistry methods for predicting and preparing the physical and chemical properties of materials .
Man Pei Tak ( Chinese : 文彼得 ; Jyutping : man4 bei2 dak1 ) is a Hong Kong football ( soccer ) player .
Alexei Casian ( born 1 October 1987 , Bender , Moldavian SSR ) is a Moldavian football Midfielder who represents Lane Xang Intra F.C. at the moment .
DJ Perry ( born June 23 , 1970 in Lansing , Michigan , U.S. ) is an American actor , film producer , and screenwriter .
Jean Knight ( born Jean Caliste , January 26 , 1943 , New Orleans , Louisiana , United States ) is an American soul / R&B / funk singer , best known for her 1971 Stax Records hit single , `` Mr. Big Stuff '' .
Brett Chukerman ( born August 1 , 1981 in Chicago , Illinois ) is an American actor and television host .
Malcolm Ridley ( born 1962 in Stanley , County Durham ) is an actor and writer .
Colm Foley ( born 30 May 1979 in Dublin ) is an Irish football player who was forced to retire due to injury in January 2008 while playing for St Patrick 's Athletic in the League of Ireland .
Askil Holm ( born August 19 , 1980 ) is a Norwegian singer and musician from Namsos .
Alireza Davood Nejad ( Persian : علی‌رضا داوودنژاد ‎‎ , born 7 December 1953 in Tehran ) is an Iranian director , screenwriter , and producer .
Thomas Wiegand ( born 6 May 1970 in Wismar ) is a German electrical engineer who substantially contributed to the creation of the H.264/MPEG-4 AVC and H.265/MPEG - H HEVC video coding standards .
Kirsten Gillibrand was born in Albany , New York , on December 9 , 1966 , the daughter of Polly Edwina ( née Noonan ) and Douglas Paul Rutnik .
Matthew Lloyd was born in Melbourne in 1978 to parents John ( a former VFL footballer who played 29 games for the Carlton Football Club from 1965 - -1967 ) and Bev Lloyd .
Vilho Petter Nenonen ( 6 March 1883 , in Kuopio -- 17 February 1960 ) was a Finnish general .
Václav Svěrkoš ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈvaːt͡slaf ˈsvjɛrkoʃ ) ; born 1 November 1983 in Třinec ) is a Czech football striker who is currently playing for Baník Ostrava .
Christian Frei ( born 1959 in Schönenwerd , Solothurn ) is a Swiss filmmaker and film producer .
Louis Antoine François de Marchangy was born in Saint - Saulge , Nièvre , on 25 August 1782 , son of a bailiff .
Eduardo Godinho Felipe de Souza ( born 8 March 1981 in São Paulo ) , known as Edu Souza , is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a striker .
Peter Markstedt ( born 11 January 1972 in Västerås ) is a Swedish businessman , football manager and former footballer who played as a defender and also as a striker .
Skid Roper ( born Richard Banke , 19 October 1954 in National City , California ) is an American musician active in the 1980s and early 1990s .
Gabriela Anders ( born March 17 , 1972 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine singer and pianist , specializing in soul , jazz and Latin .
Archduchess Assunta of Austria was born on 10 August 1902 in Vienna , Austria .
Chips Kiesbye is the guitarist and vocalist for the Swedish rock band Sator formed in the late 1980s in Borlänge .
Lea Laven ( née Luukinen ; after that Marjanen , Forssell and Tulonen ; born 19 June 1948 , Haukipudas ) is a Finnish pop singer .
Joseph Vliers ( 18 December 1932 in Tongeren -- 19 January 1995 in Tongeren ) , ( mostly called Jef Vliers ) , was a Belgian football player who finished top scorer of the Belgian First Division with 25 goals and in 1958 while playing for Beerschot .
Rian Malan ( born 1954 in Johannesburg ) is a South African author , journalist , documentarist and songwriter of Afrikaner descent .
Roy Coyle ( born Robert Coyle ; 31 January 1946 , in Belfast ) is a former Northern Ireland international footballer and the most successful manager in the history of the Irish Football League .
Yohan Durand ( born May 14 , 1985 in Bergerac , Dordogne ) is a French middle and long distance runner .
Léo Jaime was born in Goiânia , the capital city of the Brazilian state of Goiás , in 1960 .
Lefteris Fafalis ( Greek : Λευτέρης Φάφαλης ) ( born 17 February 1976 in Munich ) is a West German - born , Greek cross country skier who has competed since 1995 .
Barry Swift ( born November 11 , 1979 in Port of Spain , Trinidad ) is a former soccer player who had a brief spell at the NY / NJ MetroStars during the 1998 season and played for Maryland Mania in the A - League in 1999 .
Faneva Imà Andriatsima ( born 3 June 1984 in Antananarivo ) is a Malagasy football striker currently playing for French side US Créteil - Lusitanos .
Aston George Taylor , Jr. ( born August 5 , 1967 ) better known as Funkmaster Flex is an American hip hop DJ , rapper , musician and producer on New York City 's Hot 97 radio station .
Ernest Giles was born in Bristol , England , son of William Giles , a merchant , and Jane Elizabeth , née Powell .
Genevieve Buechner was born in Edmonton , Alberta , to single mother Tea Buechner .
Richard Jeni was raised in an Italian - American Roman Catholic family in Bensonhurst , Brooklyn .
Aaron Koblin ( born January 14 , 1982 in Santa Monica , CA ) is an American digital media artist and entrepreneur best known for his innovative use of data visualization and his pioneering work in crowdsourcing and interactive film .
Alfredo Bodoira ( August 28 , 1911 in Mathi -- August 3 , 1989 in Torino ) was an Italian professional football player , who played as a goalkeeper .
Vladimir Khavinson - ( Russian : Владимир Хавинсон ; born 27 November 1946 , Cottbus , Germany ) is a Professor , President of the European region of the International Association of Gerontology and Geriatrics ;
Patrizia Lombardo ( Rome , 3 September 1958 ) is an Italian former hurdler ( 100 m hs ) and sprinter ( 400 m ) .
Nina Berman ( b 1960 , New York City ) is an American documentary photographer .
Leitch Keir ( born 22 June 1861 in Alloa ; died 29 June 1922 ) was a Scottish footballer , who played for Renton , Dumbarton and Scotland .
Yat Siu is a Hong Kong based entrepreneur and angel investor who was born and raised in Vienna , Austria .
Alessandro Renica ( born September 15 , 1962 in Anneville - sur - Mer , France ) is a retired Italian professional football player and former manager of Trissino .
Bernd Marin ( born 1948 in Vienna ) is an Austrian social scientist .
Anita Chapman ( born 3 July 1952 in Doncaster ) is a British Paralympic archer .
Jan van Koningsveld ( born 1969 in Emden ) is a mental calculator .
Khandi Alexander was born in New York City , the daughter of Alverina Yavonna ( Masters ) , an opera and jazz singer , and Henry Roland Alexander , who owned a construction company .
Julie Le Breton ( born 1975 ) is a French Canadian actress born in Quebec .
Clarence Birdseye was born in Brooklyn , New York , on December 9 , 1886 , the sixth of nine children of Clarence Frank Birdseye I and Ada Jane Underwood .
Carey Morris ( 17 May 1882 -- 17 November 1968 ) was a Welsh painter , illustrator , author and businessman born in Llandeilo , Carmarthenshire .
Agyrrhius ( Greek : Ἀγύρριος ) was a native of Collytus in Attica , whom Andocides ironically calls `` the noble and the good '' ( τὸν καλὸν κἀγαθὸν ) after being in prison many years for embezzlement of public money .
Kristofer Karlsson ( born 26 October 1992 in Bondi , New South Wales ) is an Australian team handball player .
Rosalie Gwathmey or Rosalie Hook ( September 15 , 1908 -- February 12 , 2001 ) was an American painter and photographer who born in Charlotte , North Carolina .
Serge Said made his debut for Lebanon in a friendly against Iraq on 22 January 2012 It resulted in a 1 - -0 home win .
Mauricio Vallina ( born 27 March 1970 in Havana , ) is a Cuban pianist living in Brussels .
Otto Merz ( born 12 June 1889 in Esslingen am Neckar , Kingdom of Württemberg of the German Empire ) was a chauffeur , race car driver , test driver and mechanic .
Jens Larsen ( born August 22 , 1969 in Aalborg ) is a Danish former professional volleyball and beach volleyball player , and now the coach of the German club Wuppertal .
Corneliu Mănescu ( February 8 , 1916 -- June 26 , 2000 ) was a Romanian diplomat born in Ploiești .
Mark Leech ( born 9 December 1985 in Dublin , Ireland ) , is an Irish footballer who plays for League of Ireland First Division side Shelbourne .
George Lindsey was born in Fairfield , Alabama in populous Jefferson County , Alabama , and grew up in the small town of Jasper .
Wilhelm Orlik - Rückemann was born on 1 August 1894 in Lemberg , Austria - Hungary ( later Lwów , Poland , and today Lviv , Ukraine . )
Ryan Gauld was born on 16 December 1995 in Aberdeen and grew up in Laurencekirk , Aberdeenshire , where he was a pupil at Mearns Academy .
The daughter of an American Civil War soldier who became a successful lawyer , Mary Johnston was born in the small town of Buchanan , Virginia .
Her great - aunt , Blanche d'Alpuget , after whom she was named , was a pioneer woman journalist in Sydney and a patron of artists .
Lamya Kaddor ( born 1978 in Ahlen ) is a German scholar of Islamic studies of Syrian ancestry , a writer and founder and chairwoman of the Liberal - Islamic Association ( LIB e . V. ) .
Irena Koprowska , née Grasberg ( born . May 12 , 1917 in Warsaw , died . August 16 , 2012 near Philadelphia , USA ) was an American pathologist , and the first woman to be named a full professor at Hahnemann Medical College , now Drexel University College of Medicine .
Meir Dizengoff was born in 1861 in the village of Ekimovtsy near Orhei , Bessarabia .
Carlos Duarte Costa was born in Rio de Janeiro on July 21 , 1888 , at the residence of his uncle Eduardo Duarte de Silva .
Sha Yibo ( Chinese : 沙一博 ; pinyin : Shā Yībó ; born 7 January 1991 in Qingdao , Shandong ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Qingdao Jonoon in the China League One .
Hermann Gassner Jr ( born 29 November 1988 in Bad Reichenhall ) is a German rally driver , currently competing in the Super 2000 World Rally Championship ( SWRC ) .
Andreas Wecker ( born 2 January 1970 in Staßfurt ) is a former German gymnast who had a long and successful career .
Frank Ferera was born in Honolulu , Hawaii in 1885 of Portuguese ancestry .
Paul Needham ( born 15 June 1961 , Buxton ) is a former English professional footballer who played as a full back .
Almanzo Wilder was born the fifth of six children to farmers James ( 1813 - -1899 ) and Angeline Day Wilder ( 1821 - -1905 ) on their farm near Malone , New York .
Edevaldo de Freitas , best known as Edevaldo ( born in Campos dos Goytacazes , Rio de Janeiro State , January 28 , 1958 ) is a former Brazilian football ( soccer ) player in right - back role .
Said Fazlagić ( born January 25 , 1969 in Sarajevo ) is a retired Bosnian international footballer who played professionally in Europe and the United States as a left back .
Jérémie Boutherin ( born 7 August 1988 in Grenoble ) is a French bobsledder .
Girolamo di Corregio was born in Correggio , Emilia - Romagna in 1511 , the son of Giberto X , Count of Correggio and his wife Veronica Gambara .
José Vianna da Motta was born on São Tomé Island , a Portuguese territory at the time where his father , also a great amateur musician , had opened a pharmacy .
Cleiton Oliveira Pinto ( born 21 December 1979 in Barreiras ) , commonly known as Cleiton , is a Brazilian football Midfielder who plays for Anapolina .
It appears that Al - Adil allowed Al - Kamil a fairly high degree of authority , since he oversaw much of the work on the Cairo citadel , issued decrees in his own name , and even managed to persuade his father to dismiss the powerful minister Ibn Shukr .
Stephan Feck ( born 17 February 1990 in Leipzig ) is a German diver who competes in the Men 's 1 and 3 metre springboard .
Tejinder Virdee , son of Udham Kaur and Chain Singh Virdee , was born in Nyeri , Kenya in 1952 into a Sikh family .
Nicole Garza ( b. October 13 , 1982 in Miami ) is an American actress of film and television .
Louis Tussaud created a waxwork museum in London , 207 Regent Street , which opened 24 December 1890 .
Pertti Ukkola ( born August 10 , 1950 ) in Sodankylä is a Finnish wrestler and Olympic champion in Greco - Roman wrestling .
Honoré Dutrey ( c. 1894 -- 21 July 1935 ) was a dixieland jazz trombonist born in New Orleans , Louisiana , probably best known for his work in King Oliver 's Creole Jazz Band .
Magdalena Łazarkiewicz , née Holland ( born 6 July 1954 in Warsaw ) is a Polish film director and screenwriter .
Jörg Leichtfried ( born 18 June 1967 in Bruck an der Mur , Styria ) is an Austrian politician and Member of the European Parliament with the SPÖ , part of the Socialist Group and sits on the European Parliament 's Committee on Transport and Tourism .
Elizabeth Robins , the first child of Charles Robins and Hannah Crow , was born in Louisville , Kentucky .
Alex Zhang Hungtai ( born September 4 , 1980 in Taipei ) , formerly known by his stage name Dirty Beaches is a Taiwanese - born Canadian musician based in Montreal , Quebec .
Born in Wellington , Apirana Taylor is of Pākehā and Māori descent with affiliations to Ngāti Porou , Te Whānau - ā - Apanui and Ngāti Ruanui .
Bob Platt ( born Robert Kenworthy Platt , 26 December 1932 , Holmfirth , Yorkshire , England ) is an English former first - class cricketer , who played ninety six matches for Yorkshire County Cricket Club between 1955 and 1963 , and three for Northamptonshire in 1964 .
Lucas Silva Fonseca , or simply Lucas Fonseca ( born 2 August 1985 in Pedralva , Minas Gerais ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Tianjin Teda in the Chinese Super League .
Christian Olsen ( born November 9 , 1983 in Middelfart ) is a Danish football striker , who currently is playing as a playing assistant for Struer Boldklub .
Frédéric Jay ( born 20 September 1976 in Mâcon , Saône - et - Loire ) is a French Association Football player .
Heinrich von Ficker ( November 22 , 1881 -- April 29 , 1957 ) was a German - Austrian meteorologist and geophysicist who was a native of Munich .
Carolyn Breuer ( born 4 July 1969 in Munich ) is a German jazz saxophonist ( alto and soprano ) .
Dianne Kay ( born March 29 , 1954 , Phoenix , Arizona ) is an American actress , best known for her role as Nancy Bradford on the ABC television show Eight is Enough ( 1977 - -1981 ) .
Johann Gottlieb Friedrich von Bohnenberger ( 15 June 1765 -- 19 April 1831 ) was a German astronomer born at Simmozheim , Württemberg .
Yuli Rachmawati or also known as Julia Perez or Jupe ( born July 15 , 1980 in Jakarta ) , is an Indonesian actress , dangdut singer , model , announcer , and political candidate .
Maciej Kuroń ( born 8 March 1960 in Warsaw , died 25 December 2008 in Izabelin ) , was a Polish journalist and culinary publicist .
Born to Louis and Jeanne de Jussie in Jussy - l'évèque - in the former province of Chablais - Jeanne was the youngest of six children who survived infancy .
Giorgos Katsaros ( Greek : Γιώργος Κατσαρός ) ( born on 7 March 1934 in Corfu ) is a famous Greek musician and songwriter .
Robert Linzee was born in Portsmouth , Hampshire in 1739 , the youngest child of five sons and five daughters born to Edward Linzee and his wife Anne Newnham .
Tène Youssouf Gueye ( 1928 in Kaédi -- 1988 ) was a Mauritanian French language writer .
Vahe Aghabegians ( Armenian : Վահե Աղաբեկյանց , born November 26 , 1952 , Tehran ) is a technology adviser to the Armenian government .
Alexander Kobrin ( Александр Кобрин , born 1980 in Moscow ) is a Russian pianist .
Alfred Ploetz was born in Swinemünde , Germany ( now Świnoujście , Poland ) and he grew up and attended school in Breslau ( now Wrocław ) .
Dina Pathak was born in Amreli --
In Paramaribo a street formerly known as Cultuurtuinlaan was changed into Letitia Vriesdelaan .
James Crawford Neilson ( October 14 , 1816 - December 21 , 1900 ) , or J. Crawford Neilson , was a Baltimore , Maryland - based architect .
Inkie is a London - based painter and street artist , originally from Clifton , Bristol .
Laura Chang ( born in Seattle , Washington ) is an American journalist who edits the Booming blog of The New York Times , a role she took on after spearheading the paper 's coverage of the 10th anniversary of 9/11 .
Abdou Razack Traoré ( born 28 December 1988 in Abidjan ) is an Ivorian - born Burkinabe footballer , who plays for Konyaspor .
Jacques Chevallier ( 15 November 1911 in Bordeaux -- 13 April 1971 ) was a liberal pied noir mayor of Algiers who governed the city at the head of a coalition of pied noir and Moslem representatives .
Lale Yavaş ( born 1978 in Brugg ) is a Swiss and Turkish actress .
Gil Brealey ( born 9 April 1932 in Melbourne ) is an Australian television and film director , producer and writer .
Pier Luigi Bersani was born on 29 September 1951 , in Bettola , a mountain municipality in Nure Valley , in the province of Piacenza , Emilia - Romagna region , Italy .
Tommy Ridgley ( October 30 , 1925 -- August 11 , 1999 ) was an American R&B singer and bandleader in New Orleans , Louisiana .
Terry Tempest Williams was born in Corona , California , to Diane Dixon Tempest and John Henry Tempest , III . Her father was serving in the United States Air Force in Riverside , California , for two years .
Olaf Marschall ( born 19 March 1966 in Torgau ) is a retired German footballer and a football sports manager .
Ali Dahleb ( born August 25 , 1969 in El Harrach , Algiers ) is a retired Algerian international football player .
Rufus Reid ( born February 10 , 1944 , in Atlanta , Georgia ) is an American jazz bassist , educator , and composer .
Patrick Chappatte ( known simply as Chappatte , born 1967 in Karachi , Pakistan ) is a Lebanese - Swiss cartoonist who draws for Le Temps , Neue Zürcher Zeitung ( Sunday edition ) and the International New York Times .
Tiger Chen was born on 3 March 1975 in Chengdu , Sichuan , where he studied the Chinese martial arts , by age 18 , he enrolled into Sichuan Wushu Team .
Debbie Dickinson ( born December 30 , 1957 in Hollywood , Florida ) is an American actress and fashion model .
Jackie Tileston ( born 1960 , Manila , Philippines ) is an American artist and painter .
Ira Steven Behr ( born October 23 , 1953 , in New York City , New York ) is an American television producer and screenwriter , most known for his work on Star Trek , especially Star Trek :
Miki Malör studied music at the Music and Art academy in Vienna ( MA , 1981 ) .
Zoran Roje ( born 7 October 1956 in Split ) is a Croatian former water polo player .
It states Guanxiu began the set while living in Lanxi , Zhejiang province .
Antonio Fazio ( born 11 October 1936 in Alvito , province of Frosinone ) is an Italian banker , who was the Governor of Banca d'Italia from 1993 until his resignation amidst controversy at the end of 2005 .
Deividas Česnauskis ( born 30 June 1981 in Kuršėnai , Lithuanian SSR ) is a Lithuanian footballer , who plays as a winger for FK Trakai .
Alexander Pope was born to Alexander Pope Senior ( 1646 - -1717 ) , a linen merchant of Plough Court , Lombard Street , London , and his wife Edith ( née Turner ) ( 1643 - -1733 ) , who were both Catholics .
Victoria Stadnik ( born 25 November 1979 in Odessa , USSR ) is an Individual Rhythmic Gymnast who competed at the 1995 and 1996 World Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships .
Grantland Rice was born in Murfreesboro , Tennessee , the son of Bolling Hendon Rice , a cotton dealer , and his wife , Mary Beulah ( Grantland ) Rice .
Luca Valzania ( born 5 March 1996 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a left winger for Cesena on loan from Atalanta .
John D'Alton was born in Claremorris to Joseph D'Alton ( d. 1 April 1883 ) and his wife Mary Brennan , at the height of the Land Wars in Ireland .
Mordechai Gifter was born in 1916 , in Portsmouth , Virginia to Yisrael and Matla ( May ) Gifter .
Gianmatteo Mareggini ( born 8 January 1967 , in Modena ) is an Italian former footballer , currently a goalkeeping coach for Figline .
Vaino Vahing ( 15 February 1940 in Aravu , Tartu County -- 23 March 2008 in Tartu ) , was an Estonian writer , prosaist , psychiatrist and playwright .
Frank Hannah ( born 15 February 1971 in Clydebank , Scotland ) is a Scottish - born screenwriter and filmmaker .
Max Marcuse ( April 14 , 1877 , Berlin -- June 24 , 1963 , Tel Aviv ) was a Jewish - German dermatologist and sexologist .
Jiří Rohan ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈjɪr̝iː ˈroɦan ) ) ( born 13 December 1964 in Prague ) is a Czechoslovak - Czech slalom canoer who competed in the 1980s and 1990s .
John Scholey ( 15 September 1840 , Holbeck , Leeds , Yorkshire -- 14 April 1908 , Mayfield House , near Newcastle , New South Wales ) was an extensive landed proprietor , prominent businessman , colliery owner , and Mayor .
Jens Munks was born on his father 's estate Barbu at Arendal in the county of Aust - Agder , Norway .
Ashley Hartog ( born 1 September 1982 in Cape Town , Western Cape ) is a South African football ( soccer ) striker who currently plays for Maritzburg United .
Galeazzo Malatesta ( 1385 - -1461 ) was an Italian condottiero and lord of Pesaro and Fossombrone .
Giselle Patrón ( born Lima , 9 April 1987 ) is a Peruvian model and actress .
Turgut Özal was born in Malatya to a Turkish family with partial Kurdish roots ( mother ) .
Lucas Pierre Santos Oliveira or simply Pierre ( born January 19 , 1982 in Itororó ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Fluminense as a defensive midfielder .
Rosa Maria Calles was born in the small Spanish Colonial village of Tome - Adelino , New Mexico .
Angelo Maccagnino , also known as Angelo da Siena ( active 1447 -- 1456 ) , was an Italian Renaissance painter .
Gadahn was born Adam Yahiye Gadahn in 1978 , in Oregon , United States .
Mastanabal Kacher ( born November 8 , 1995 in Azazga , Algeria ) is a Canadian - Algerian soccer player who currently plays for FC Montreal in the USL .
Rensy Barradas ( born 21 October 1990 in Willemstad ) is an Aruban footballer who plays as a striker .
Ole Hegge ( September 3 , 1898 in Bardu died June 2 , 1994 in Livingston , New York ) was a Norwegian cross - country skier who competed in the late 1920s and early 1930s .
James Grady ( born 14 March 1971 in Paisley ) is a former Scottish footballer who spent the majority of his career in the top two divisions in Scottish football .
William `` Bill '' Braunstein ( born July 14 , 1972 ) , better known as Ill Bill , is an American rapper and record producer from Brooklyn , New York .
Badile Lubamba ( born 26 April 1976 in Kinshasa , Zaire ) is a former Swiss footballer of Congolese descent .
Alessandro Calcaterra ( born 26 May 1975 in Civitavecchia ) is an Italian water polo player , who represented his native country at three consecutive Summer Olympics , starting in 1996 ( Atlanta , Georgia ) .
Lismore Career Stats : 2005 - 2007 Milton Thaiday played 29 games , scored 14 tries for a total of 56 points He initially began his professional career in rugby union playing for the NSW Waratahs in Super 12 Rugby .
Sadok Ghileb ( 1840 - -1912 ) was a Tunisian politician and mayor of Tunis .
Christo Landry ( born April 29 , 1986 in Madison , Wisconsin ) is a United States distance runner who has won multiple USA Road Championships and holds the American Record in the 25 km distance .
Levan Khomeriki ( born 20 January 1974 ) is a retired Georgian football player and current coach of Dinamo Batumi .
Dietmar Koszewski ( born 26 July 1967 in East Berlin ) is a retired German hurdler .
Charles Joughin was born in Patten Street , next to the West Float in Birkenhead , England , on 3 August 1878 .
Deborah Coleman ( born October 3 , 1956 , Portsmouth , Virginia ) is an American blues guitarist , songwriter and singer .
Frédéric Flamand ( born 1946 in Brussels ) , is a Belgian actor , director , choreographer and dance company director .
Simon Procter ( born November 8 , 1968 in Lancashire , England ) is an expatriate British artist and photographer who has collaborated with Karl Lagerfeld , John Galliano and Vivienne Westwood , and whose work includes Galliano Royal ( 2007 ) .
Mauro Poggia ( born 25 April 1959 in Moutier ) is a Swiss - Italian politician and lawyer .
Noemi Zbären ( born 12 March 1994 in Langnau i m Emmental ) is a Swiss hurdler .
Yasaman Farzan ( Persian : یاسمن فرزان‎‎ was born 1977 in Tabriz ) is an Iranian researcher , professor and physicist .
Ross Antony Catterall ( born 9 July 1974 in Bridgnorth , Shropshire , England ) ; better known by his stage name Ross Antony , is a British musical actor , singer , television entertainer and presenter in Germany , where he also resides near the city of Köln .
Edmílson Barros de Souza or simply Edmílson ( born December 9 , 1977 in Coxim ) , is a former Brazilian central defender .
Amanda Means ( born 1945 in Marion , New York ) is an American artist and photographer .
Ekaterina Sergeyevna Grigorieva ( Russian : Екатерина Сергеевна Григорьева ; born 15 September 1988 in Olenegorsk Murmansk Oblast , Russia ) , better known as Kate Grigorieva , is a Russian model .
Ferenc Novák ( born July 13 , 1969 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian sprint canoeist who has competed from the early 1990s to 2006 .
Auguste Simon Paris ( September , 1794 , Charleville - Mézières in the Ardennes - 7 September 1869 Paris ) was a French notary and entomologist .
Born to George Bowman and Mary Hite , Isaac Bowman was the youngest of four sons and grew up at Fort Bowman aka Harmony Hall on Cedar Creek , only two miles south of present - day Strasburg .
Vasily Garbuzov was born on 20 June 1911 in Belgorod to a Russian working - class family .
Luc Luycx ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈlyk ˈlœy̯ks ) ; born April 11 , 1958 in Aalst , East Flanders ) is the designer of the common side of the euro coins .
Alexander Kosolapov ( Russian : Александр Семёнович Косолапов ) ( born January 1 , 1943 , in Moscow , Russia ) is an American sculptor and painter .
Christina Cox was born in a town on the outskirts of Toronto , the youngest of three daughters .
Neil Farber ( born 1975 in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada ) is a contemporary artist who lives and works in Winnipeg .
Lakhdar Adjali ( born July 18 , 1972 in Algiers ) is an Algerian football manager and former player who is currently the assistant coach of the Amiens SC reserve team .
Maria Luisa Catricalà ( Vibo Valentia , 1946 ) best known by the stage name Louiselle is an Italian singer of the 1960s and ' 70s .
Daniil Papadopoulos ( Greek : Δανιήλ Παπαδόπουλος ; born 1963 in Thessaloniki ) is a former Greek footballer that played in several positions throughout his career .
Li Haowen ( Chinese : 李浩文 ; born 29 November 1993 in Shanghai ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Shanghai SIPG .
Wouter De Vriendt ( born 22 June 1977 in Ostend ) is a Belgian ( Flemish ) politician , and member of Groen!.
Zhang Yudong ( Chinese : 张煜东 ; born 9 September 1992 in Shanghai ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Shanghai Shenxin .
Giovanni Michiel was born in Venice sometime between April 1446 and April 1447 , the son of Lorenzo Michiel and Nicolosa Barbo , sister of the future Pope Paul II . A cousin , Giovanni Battista Zeno , was also a cardinal ( 1468 ) .
Jessica Hart ( b. Accra , Ghana ) is a British writer of over 55 romance novels in Mills & Boon .
Mirko Casper ( born 1 March 1982 in Zell ( Mosel ) , Rhineland - Palatinate ) is a German former footballer .
The younger brother of Presley Marion Rixey , John Franklin Rixey was born in Culpeper County , Virginia , and studied law at the University of Virginia .
Because Franz Huschkov , the registrar of the 4th Vienna Parish , was making most of his entries in a state of inebriation , it can not be said with any degree of certainty whether Jára Cimrman was born to Marlén and Leopold Cimrman on a freezing February night in 1857 , 1864 , or 1876 .
James Van Fleet was born in the Coytesville section of Fort Lee , New Jersey , but his parents moved to Florida when he was an infant and he was raised there .
Cornelia van der Veer ( born Amsterdam , 30 August 1639 - buried there 18 October 1704 ) was a Dutch poet .
Alain Saint - Ogan ( August 7 , 1895 , Colombes , Hauts - de - Seine -- June 22 , 1974 ) was a French comics author and artist .
Melissa Errico was born in New York Hospital and lived in New York City for five years while her New Jersey - raised father completed medical residency and her Brooklyn - native mother was a schoolteacher in Harlem .
George ' Professor ' Burchett ( also styled the ' King of Tattooists ' ) was born George Burchett - Davis on 23 August 1872 in the English seaside town of Brighton , East Sussex and became one of the most famous tattoo artists in the world .
Chen Fei ( Chinese : 陈飞 ; born 30 October 1990 in Tianjin , China ) is a Chinese judoka .
Born in Buenos Aires in 1963 , Mariano Akerman is a painter , architect and art historian .
Gaute Ormåsen ( born 20 April 1983 in Brumunddal , Hedmark ) is a Norwegian singer and was the Idol runner - up to Kurt Nilsen in 2003 .
Soufiane Haddi ( born 2 February 1991 in Khenifra ) is a Moroccan road bicycle racer , who competes for the Skydive Dubai Pro Cycling team .
Friedrich Wilhelm von Leysser ( March 7 , 1731 -- October 10 , 1815 ) ; ( surname sometimes given as Leyser ) was a German botanist who was a native of Magdeburg .
Massimo Podenzana ( born 29 July 1961 in La Spezia ) is an Italian former road racing cyclist .
Paul Gilmartin was born in South Holland , Illinois , and attended St. Joseph 's school in Homewood .
Christian Ulmen ( born 22 September 1975 in Neuwied ) is a German entertainer and actor .
Manuela Arcuri ( Anagni , 8 January 1977 ) is an Italian actress , model and soubrette .
Lawrence Ng Kai Wah ( traditional Chinese : 吳啟華 ; simplified Chinese : 吴启华 , pinyin : Wú Qǐhuá ; born 19 May 1964 ) is a popular TV actor in Hong Kong .
Jack Garratt ( born 11 October 1991 ) is a British singer and multi - instrumentalist from Little Chalfont , Buckinghamshire .
Indrek Turi ( born July 30 , 1981 in Tallinn ) is an Estonian decathlete .
Anton Gilbert Victor von Ebner , Ritter von Rofenstein ( February 4 , 1842 - March 20 , 1925 ) was an Austrian anatomist and histologist who was a native of Bregenz .
Thomas Moran ( February 12 , 1837 -- August 25 , 1926 ) from Bolton , England was an American painter and printmaker of the Hudson River School in New York whose work often featured the Rocky Mountains .
Martin McCarrick ( born 29 July ? , in Luton , Bedfordshire ) is an English cellist , keyboardist , guitarist and composer .
Gary Boyd Roberts ( born September 29 , 1943 , Houston , Texas ) is an American genealogist known for his scholarship in Americans of royal descent , the ancestors of American presidents , and notable kin .
Mel Hunter 's life began with a troubled childhood in Oak Park , Illinois , where he was physically and psychologically abused by a humorless father .
Antonio Marcegaglia ( born in Mantua on 12 December 1963 ) is an Italian managing director , Chairman and CEO of Marcegaglia ; the leading industrial group in steel manufacturing .
Mark Rutte was born on 14 February 1967 in The Hague in the Dutch province of South Holland in a Dutch Reformed family as the youngest child of Izaäk Rutte ( 5 October 1909 -- 22 April 1988 ) , a merchant , and Hermina Cornelia Dilling ( born 13 November 1923 ) , a secretary .
Michael Northcott was born and brought up in Kent , England to James and Betty Northcott , attended schools in Beckenham , Kent and Cranbrook , Kent .
Wu Peng ( simplified Chinese : 吴鹏 ; traditional Chinese : 吳鵬 ; pinyin : Wú Péng ; born May 16 , 1987 in Hangzhou , Zhejiang ) is a Chinese former swimmer .
Li Xinggang ( born in Hebei , 1969 ) is a Chinese architect , director of Atelier Li Xinggang and vice chief architect of China Architecture Design & Research Group .
Yin Hongbo ( Chinese : 尹鸿博 ; pinyin : Yǐn Hóngbó ; born 30 October 1989 in Changchun , Jilin ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for China League One side Henan Jianye .
René Clemencic ( Vienna , 27 February 1928 ) is an Austrian composer , recorder player , harpsichordist , conductor and clavichord player .
Charlotte Bilbault ( born 5 June 1990 in Saint - Doulchard ) is a French football player who currently plays French club Montpellier of the Division 1 Féminine .
Born in Saint - Étienne , Loire , France , John Laval was ordained a priest for the Archdiocese of New Orleans on November 10 , 1877 .
Ivan Mládek was born in Prague , where he spent most of his childhood .
Jeremiah Ani ( born 12 February 1985 in Kaduna ) is a Nigerian international footballer who is also a Maltese Citizen , Currently plays for Sliema Wanderers F.C.in the Maltese Premier League . He plays as a Striker / Winger .
Richard Poirier ( born Gloucester , Massachusetts , September 9 , 1925 , died New York City , August 15 , 2009 ) was an American literary critic .
Karel Švenk , sometimes referred to in German as Karl Schwenk ( Prague , 17 March 1917 -- near Karlsberg , en route to Mauthausen , 1 April 1945 ) , was a Czech cabaret artist , comedian , songwriter and writer .
Niv Fichman ( Hebrew : ניב פיכמן‎ ; Born in 1958 in Tel Aviv ) is an Israeli Canadian film producer , actor and director .
Mohammad Reza Sangsefidi ( Persian : محمدرضا سنگ‌سفیدی‎‎ , born 2 November 1989 in Tehran , Iran ) is an Iranian futsal player .
Lucy Akhurst ( b. 18 November 1975 in London ) is an English actress , writer and director who has been working mainly in television since the 1990s .
Michael Tsegaye ( born 1975 in Addis Ababa ) is an Ethiopian artist and photographer .
Dwight Lauderdale ( born in Columbus , Ohio ) is a former TV news anchor .
Claude Choules was born in Pershore , Worcestershire , on 3 March 1901 and raised in nearby Wyre Piddle .
Koos Van Den Akker ( March 16 , 1939 -- February 3 , 2015 ) was a Dutch - born fashion designer based in New York City , USA .
Rodolfo Freitas da Silva or simply Rodolfo ( born October 4 , 1993 in Orindiúva ) is a Brazilian football striker .
Harout Pamboukjian ( Armenian : Հարութ Փամբուկչյան ) , ( born in 1950 in Yerevan , Armenian SSR , Soviet Union ) , also known as Dzakh Harut ( Ձախ Հարութ Left Harout ) , is an Armenian American pop singer living in Los Angeles .
Romulus Buia ( born 15 June 1970 in Baia Mare ) is a Romanian former football player , currently the manager of FC Maramureş Universitar Baia Mare .
Peter Blazincic ( born 29 May 1969 ) , is a former Australian football ( soccer ) Goalkeeper , now the goalkeeping coach at A - League side Adelaide United FC .
Roche Braziliano ( sometimes spelled Rock , Roch , Roc , Roque , Brazilliano , or Brasiliano ) ( c. 1630 -- disappeared c. 1671 ) was a Dutch pirate born in the town of Groningen .
Jacopo Corsi ( 17 July 1561 -- 29 December 1602 ) was an Italian composer of the late Renaissance and early Baroque and one of Florence 's leading patrons of the arts , after only the Medicis .
Chaudhry Amir Hussain was born in the city of Sialkot , to a Gujjar family .
Emanuele Berrettoni ( born 17 May 1981 in Rome ) is an Italian football player currently playing for Ascoli .
Prince Al - Muhtadee Billah was born at Istana Darul Hana , Bandar Seri Begawan on 17 February 1974 .
Qusay Habib ( Arabic : قصي حبيب‎ , born 15 April 1987 in Al Qamishli , Syria ) is a Syrian footballer .
Alexey Sobolev ( born in Novosibirsk on 1 September 1991 ) is a Russian snowboarder competing in slopestyle and big air .
Patrick McGinley ( born 1937 ) is an Irish novelist , born in Glencolumbkille , Ireland .
Ma Chengxiang commanded the Xinjiang First Cavalry Division , which was formerly stationed in Gansu where it was known as the Fifth Cavalry Army .
Peter Kenyon ( born 1954 in Stalybridge , Cheshire ) is a British businessman who has served as the chief executive of English Premier League clubs Manchester United Football Club and Chelsea Football Club , where he has been involved in contentious transfer dealings .
Annett Gamm ( born May 28 , 1977 in Dresden , Sachsen ) is a German platform diver .
Born in Atlanta , Georgia , Davido relocated to Lagos at a young age .
Philetus Sawyer was born in 1816 in Whiting , Vermont , and moved to Crown Point , New York , as an infant in 1817 .
Ewan Hooper ( Born on 23 October 1935 in Dundee ) is a Scottish actor who is a graduate from , and now an Associate Member of , RADA .
Charlie Ventura ( born Charles Venturo ; December 2 , 1916 -- January 17 , 1992 ) was a tenor saxophonist and bandleader from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Daniele Mastrogiacomo ( born on 30 September 1954 , Karachi , Pakistan ) is an Italian - Swiss journalist and a war correspondent for la Repubblica newspaper .
Pierre Perret ( born 9 July 1934 in Castelsarrasin , Tarn - et - Garonne ) is a French singer and composer .
Joan van Broekhuizen , Latinised as Janus Broukhusius ( 1649 -- 15 December 1707 ) , Dutch classical scholar and poet , was born to simple parents in Amsterdam on the 20th of November 1649 .
George Hubert Kemp , son of George and Margaret Kemp , was born in 1897 in Harrow , Middlesex , England .
Tama Janowitz ( born April 12 , 1957 San Francisco , California ) is an American novelist and a short story writer .
Roger MacDougall ( 2 August 1910 , in Glasgow -- 27 May 1993 ) was a Scottish playwright , screenwriter and director .
Beat Zberg ( born May 10 , 1971 in Altdorf , Uri ) is a Swiss former professional road bicycle racer for UCI ProTeam Gerolsteiner .
Cornelia ( Keetie ) Hage , known by her married name Keetie van Oosten - Hage , ( born 21 August 1949 ) is a Dutch former cyclist from Sint - Maartensdijk , Zeeland .
Victor Potel was born in Lafayette , Indiana in 1889 , and his acting career goes back almost to the beginning of the commercial film industry in the United States .
Chellsie Memmel was born in West Allis , Wisconsin , and began gymnastics as soon as she could walk .
Jalal Khoury , born in Beirut , is a playwright , theatre director , comedian and artistic editor .
Dale Hilson ( born 23 December 1992 in Stirling ) is a Scottish footballer who currently plays as a striker for Scottish Championship side Queen of the South .
James Zabiela is a DJ and producer from Southampton in England .
Jodie Kidd ( born 25 September 1978 in Guildford ) is an English fashion model , racing car driver and television personality .
Michael Dorfman ( Ukrainian : Мiхаель Дорфман , Russian : Михаэль Дорфман Hebrew : מיכאל דורפמן‎ ) ( born 17 September 1954 , Lviv , Ukrainian SSR , USSR ) is a writer , essayist , journalist , human rights activist and activist of Yiddish culture revivalist movement .
Kåre Rønnes ( born 13 January 1938 in Trondheim ) is a Norwegian former football player and coach .
Daniel Grady Faires ( born July 29 , 1983 ) is a contractor , interior designer and craftsman , who was born in Fayetteville , Arkansas .
Joost Schmidt ( Wunstorf , 5 January 1893 - Nürnberg , 2 December 1948 ) was a teacher or master at the Bauhaus and later a professor at the College of Visual Arts , Berlin .
Johmari Logtenberg ( born 22 February 1989 in Vanderbijlpark , Transvaal ) is a former South African cricketer who played three Tests , 26 ODIs and two Twenty20 before she quit the sport in 2008 .
Ian Greenwood ( born 1985 , in Leeds ) is an English professional football coach currently working for Leeds United as a full - time academy coach .
Theodor Holman ( born 9 January 1953 in Amsterdam ) is a Dutch journalist , presenter , and writer of Indo descent .
Mateusz Szałek ( Polish pronunciation : ( ma.ˈtɛu̯ʂ ˈʂa.wɛk ) ; born 16 October 1991 in Szczecin ) is a Polish football player who currently unemployed .
He was the son of Elizabeth Frodsham , who was married to Edmund Bonner , a sawyer of Hanley in Worcestershire .
Bryn Gunn ( born August 21 , 1958 in Kettering ) is a former footballer who played as a full - back for a number of clubs between 1975 and 1996 .
Eddie Mukahanana born 9 March 1977 in Bulawayo Zimbabwe is a former Zimbabwean footballer .
Hanna Ben Dov is an Israeli abstract painter born in Jerusalem in 1919 , died in Paris in 2008 .
Magdalena Cielecka ( born 20 February 1972 in Myszków ) is a Polish film and theatre actress .
Felipe Alves de Souza or simply Felipe Alves ( born March 25 , 1982 in Rio de Janeiro ) , is a Brazilian defensive midfielder who plays for Resende Futebol Clube .
Priscilla Novaes Leone ( born October 7 , 1977 in Salvador , Bahia ) , better known as Pitty , is a Brazilian rock singer .
German Cáceres ( born San Salvador , July 9 , 1954 ) is a Salvadoran composer of contemporary classical music and a musical conductor .
Joe Leonard ( born August 4 , 1932 in San Diego , California ) , is a retired American motorcycle racer and racecar driver .
Manfred Stahnke ( born 30 October 1951 ) is a German composer and musicologist from Kiel .
Kurt Krakowian ( born November 4 , 1964 in Berwyn , Illinois ) is an American former child actor and now is acting again on such shows as the relaunched Dallas .
Elena Bouryka ( born Moscow , July 29 , 1983 ) is a Russian - born actress who currently lives and works in Italy .
Vesna Cáceres ( born May 5 , 1971 , Sisak , Yugoslavia ) is a Czech composer , singer and accordionist .
Brandon Slay ( born October 14 , 1975 in Amarillo , Texas ) won an Olympic gold medal for the United States in wrestling .
Shayla Worley ( born September 2 , 1990 in Orlando , Florida ) is an American artistic gymnast .
Robert Rehme ( born 5 May 1935 in Cincinnati , Ohio ) is an American film producer whose credits include the films Patriot Games , Clear and Present Danger and The General 's Daughter .
Jennifer Jayne ( 14 November 1931 -- 23 April 2006 ) was an English film and television actress born in Yorkshire to theatrical parents .
Ken Leung was born in New York City and initially raised in the Two Bridges section of the Lower East Side of Manhattan .
Markus Toivonen ( born 1979 in Helsinki ) is the founding member of the Finnish folk / death metal band Ensiferum .
Kevin Hooks was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , the son of Yvonne , a state employee , and Robert Hooks , a director and actor who starred in many films in the 1970s .
Hector Craig ( 1775 Paisley , Renfrewshire , Scotland -- January 31 , 1842 Craigville , Orange County , New York ) was an American manufacturer and politician from New York .
Claude Thornhill ( August 10 , 1908 at Terre Haute , Indiana -- July 1 , 1965 , New Jersey ) was an American pianist , arranger , composer , and bandleader .
Carlos César Neves , known as Carlos César ( born April 21 , 1987 in Uberaba ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a right back for Atlético Mineiro .
Arnold Orville Beckman was born in Cullom , Illinois , a village of about 500 people in a farming community .
Mohamed Sendid ( Arabic : محمد صنديد‎ ) ( born in Oran ) is a former Algerian football referee .
Osvalda Giardi ( born 19 December 1932 , in Pisa ) is a former Italian high jumper and pentathlete .
Po Par Gyi was born Nyunt Hlaing in Pathein , Ayeyarwady Division to San Pe , a Customs Inspector and his wife Hla .
Shaiju Mon ( born 16 May 1991 in Thiruvananthapuram , Kerala ) is an Indian football player who plays for Pailan Arrows in the I - League and the India U23 team .
Doron Bell Jr. ( born December 8 , 1973 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Canadian actor , musician , and singer .
Henry Worth Thornton was the son of Henry Clay Thornton , a prominent Logansport , Indiana , lawyer , and Millamenta Comegys Worth .
Rear Admiral Karen Flaherty is a native of Winsted , Connecticut , and joined the United States Navy as a Nurse Corps Candidate in July 1973 .
Allan Kolski Horwitz ( born 1952 ) is a South African poet who was born in Vryburg , and grew up in Cape Town .
Nadine Salameh ( Arabic : نادين سلامة‎ , born August 9 , 1980 in Beirut , Lebanon ) , sometimes credited as Nadeen Salameh , is a Palestinian actress well known in Syria where she has lived and worked for most of her life .
Barbara Owens ( 1934 , Carrollton , IL -- 2008 , San Jose , CA ) was a psychological suspense writer .
Said Rustamov was born in Yerevan where he spent his early years and went to primary school .
Karel Janeček ( born 26 July 1973 at Plzeň , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech mathematician , entrepreneur , anti - corruption campaigner and philanthropist .
Esther Vilar ( born Esther Margareta Katzen ; September 16 , 1935 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is an Argentine - German writer .
Bobby Estell ( aka Bobby Bones ) was born in Hot Springs , Arkansas , to Pamela Hurt , a single mother who became pregnant at age 15 .
Javad Tabatabai ( born 1945 in Tabriz ) , is Professor Emeritus and Vice Dean of the Faculty of Law and Political Science at the University of Tehran .
Saswata Chatterjee ( শাশ্বত চ্যাটার্জী ; also known as Apu ) is an Indian actor of television and films based in Kolkata .
Alfred Harold Whistler was born in 1896 in Theddlethorpe , Lincolnshire , the son of Alfred James Whistler , a clergyman , and his wife Mary Maud .
Ned Hollister ( born in Delavan , Wisconsin on November 26 , 1876 ; died November 3 , 1924 ) was an American biologist primarily known for studying mammals .
Frederick Rousseau ( born 1958 , Paris ) belongs to the generation that witnessed the beginning of new - age music and the explosion of technologic applications to the entertainment world .
Shi Jun ( Chinese : 石俊 ; Pinyin : Shí Jùn ; born 9 October 1982 in Dalian , Liaoning ) is a Chinese footballer who plays as a striker .
Ali Mema ( born 1 February 1943 in Tiranë ) is a former Albanian footballer who played for 17 Nëntori Tirana for the majority of his career as well as the Albanian national team , whom he earned 14 senior caps with .
The Cherry People 's origins go back to the Barnaby Terrace neighborhood of Southeast Washington D.C. where original members Chris and Doug Grimes , Punky Meadows , and Larry Gray were raised on the Beatles and the early wave of the British Invasion .
George C. Baker ( born 1951 in Dallas , Texas ) is an American organist , composer , pedagogue , and dermatologist .
Paul Shambroom ( born Teaneck , New Jersey 1956 ) is an American photographer and graduate from the Minneapolis College of Art and Design whose work explores power in its various forms .
Born in Itabuna , Bahia , Sammir joined Atlético Paranaense 's youth setup in 2001 , aged 14 , after a brief period at Atlético Mineiro .
Renato Marchiaro ( born February 16 , 1919 in Bra ) was an Italian professional football player .
Bohumil Andrejko ( born 10 February 1953 in Stropkov , Czechoslovakia ) is a Slovak football coach and former striker .
Oh Ji - hwan ( Hangul : 오지환 , Hanja : 吳志煥 ; born March 12 , 1990 in Gunsan , Jeollabuk - do ) is a South Korean shortstop who plays for the LG Twins in the Korea Baseball Organization .
Dan Christensen , the American abstract painter , was born in Cozad , Nebraska on October 6 , 1942 , he died in Easthampton , New York on January 20 , 2007 .
Lúcio Carlos Cajueiro Souza ( born 20 June 1979 in Olinda , Recife , Pernambuco ) , commonly known as Lúcio , is a Brazilian footballer , currently playing for Santa Cruz .
Alyaksandr Khatskevich ( Belarusian : Аляксандр Хацкевіч , born 19 October 1973 , in Minsk ) is a Belarusian football player and a former player of the Ukrainian club Dynamo Kyiv .
Bishop Nikodim Milaš was born at Šibenik in Dalmatia ( then part of the Austro - Hungarian Empire ) on the 4th of April 1845 to Trifun and Maria Milaš ( Serbian father and Italian mother ) .
Jean - François Caron ( born May 21 , 1957 in Loos - en - Gohelle , Pas - de - Calais ) is a French politician and a member of Europe Écologie--
Renée Pietrafesa Bonnet ( Montevideo , December 17 , 1938 ) is a French / Uruguayan composer , pianist , organist , harpsichordist and conductor .
Achille Deyrolle ( Lille , 1813 - -1865 ) was a French entomologist mainly interested in Coleoptera .
Twining was born in Boscobel , Wisconsin , on 17 January 1869 , the son of Nathan Crook Twining ( sr . ) ( 1834 - -1924 ) and his second wife , Mary Jane Rennie .
Katja Kraus ( born 23 November 1970 in Offenbach am Main ) is a German former footballer and the first German woman to be a board member of a Fußball - Bundesliga club , Hamburger SV .
Andreas Latzko ( Hungarian : Latzkó Andor ; September 1 , 1876 , Budapest , Hungary -- September 11 , 1943 , New York ) was an Austrian Jewish pacifist , novelist and biographer .
Maksim Gruznov ( Russian : Максим Грузнов ) ( born 21 April 1974 in Narva ) is an Estonian football striker .
Julien Ictoi ( born 22 March 1978 in Poissy ) is a French football player who currently plays for French club Le Moule on the island of Guadeloupe in the Guadeloupe Division d'Honneur .
John Stringfellow ( 1799 - 13 December 1883 ) was born in Sheffield , England and is known for his work on the Aerial Steam Carriage with William Samuel Henson .
Born Orazio Costa Giovangigli in Rome , Costa graduated at the Silvio d’Amico Academy of Dramatic Arts in 1937 , and after being assistant director of Jacques Copeau , in 1945 he started a long career as theatre director .
Agustí Villaronga was born on 4 April 1953 in Palma de Mallorca , his grandparents had been itinerant puppeteers and his father was a child of the Spanish civil war , a fact that would resurface repeatedly in the director 's filmography .
Thomas J. Manton was born in New York City and of Irish descent .
Presley O'Bannon was born in Fauquier County , Virginia to William O'Bannon , a captain of the Continental Army in the American Revolutionary War .
Ilie Șteflea was born in Săliște ( near Sibiu , Transylvania , at the time part of Austria - Hungary ) .
Róża Berger born Reizel Leser ( 20 June 1889 -- 11 August 1945 ) was the only victim of the 1945 Kraków pogrom .
Joseph H. Tucker was born in New York in 1819 , the son of a Baptist minister .
Walter Trout ( born March 6 , 1951 , Ocean City , New Jersey , United States ) is an American blues guitarist , singer and songwriter .
Charles Calhoun was born April 20 , 1925 in Ocean City , Maryland and lived very close to the coast throughout his childhood .
Walisinghe Harischandra was born to the family of Walisinghe Hendrick de Silva and Pehandi Marthnanda de Silva Gunasekera in Negombo on 9 July 1876 .
Jorinde Voigt ( born January 19 , 1977 , Frankfurt am Main ) is a German artist who works in drawing , text , painting and installation .
Marco Bandiera ( born 12 June 1984 in Castelfranco Veneto ) is an Italian road bicycle racer for UCI Professional Continental team Androni - Sidermec .
Hassan Tabatabaei Qomi , the son of the Grand Ayatollah Qomi from Mashhad remains under house arrest in 1984 - 2007 .
Ufuoma Ejenobor was born in Benin City to Nigerian parents who hail from Delta State in Nigeria .
Matilda Sturridge is an English actress born in London in May 1988 .
Richard Egielski ( born July 16 , 1952 in New York City ) is an American illustrator and writer , best known for illustrating children 's picture books .
He is also commonly referred to as Emicho of Leiningen or Emich of Flonheim .
Borja González Tomás ( born 25 August 1992 ) , known simply as Borja and sometimes nicknamed Bastón , is a Spanish footballer who plays for SD Eibar on loan from Atlético Madrid as a striker .
António Sardinha ( 9 September 1887 in Monforte , Portalegre - 10 January 1925 in Elvas ) was a Portuguese writer and the main intellectual behind the Integralismo Lusitano movement .
Kemal Gekić ( born in 1962 , in Split , Croatia , then Yugoslavia ) is a Croatian - born American concert pianist and Full Professor of Piano Performance at Florida International University in Miami , Florida , USA .
Ève Landry ( born June 5 , 1985 in Saint - Pascal , Quebec ) is an actress from Quebec .
Chema Madoz studied Art History at Universidad Complutense de Madrid between 1980 and 1983 .
Phil Ochs was born in El Paso , Texas , to Jacob ( `` Jack '' ) Ochs , a physician who was born in New York on August 11 , 1910 , and Gertrude Phin Ochs , who was born on February 26 , 1912 in Scotland .
Joseph Shabalala ( born 28 August 1941 ) , born Bhekizizwe Joseph Siphatimandla Mxoveni Mshengu Bigboy Shabalala , is the founder and musical director of the South African choral group Ladysmith Black Mambazo .
Robert Lathouwers ( born 8 July 1983 in Rotterdam ) is a Dutch athlete who mainly focuses on the 400 and 800 metres .
Marie Forså or Maria Lynn ( born Inga Forså , 13 December 1956 in Farsta ) is a Swedish actress active in Europe the mid-1970s .
Jason Griffiths ( born 22 March 1987 in Bracknell ) is an English footballer .
Trương Thanh Hằng ( born 1 May 1986 in Ho Chi Minh City ) is a Vietnamese track and field athlete who specialises in middle - distance running events .
Louis III , Grand Duke of Hesse and by Rhine ( German : Großherzog Ludwig III von Hessen und bei Rhein ; 9 June 1806 , Darmstadt -- 13 June 1877 , Seeheim ) was Grand Duke of Hesse and by Rhine from 1848 until his death in 1877 .
Lionel Rogg ( born Geneva , April 21 1936 ) is a Swiss organist , composer and teacher of musical theory .
Gabriela Petrova ( Bulgarian : Габриела Петрова ; born 29 June 1992 in Haskovo ) is a Bulgarian athlete specialising in the triple jump .
Ramji ( born in thanjavur , Tamil Nadu , India ) ( presently in Chennai ) is an Indian film cinematographer , who has worked with directors such as Sangeeth Sivan , Selvaraghavan and Ameer Sultan .
Will Lammert was born in Hagen in 1892 , the son of a machinist .
Ľuboš Šoška ( born December 21 , 1977 in Žilina ) is a Slovak slalom canoeist who competed from the mid-1990s to mid-2000s ( decade ) .
Maciej Bykowski ( born February 22 , 1977 in Elbląg ) is a Polish professional footballer .
Gerard Carbonara ( born December 8 , 1886 , New York City , New York ; d. January 11 , 1959 , Sherman Oaks , California ) was an American composer , conductor , opera coach and concert violinist .
Raoul Aragon was a Filipino actor in drama and action movies in the Philippines .
Jonathan Crawford ( 12 March 1990 , in Glasgow ) is a Scottish professional footballer currently playing for Montrose .
Augustus William , Duke of Brunswick - Lüneburg ( German : August Wilhelm ) ( 8 March 1662 -- 23 March 1731 ) ruled over the Wolfenbüttel subdivision of the duchy from 1714 until his death .
Abdelkader Chaou ( born November 10 , 1941 , in the Casbah of Algiers ) is an Algerian chaabi music interpreter .
Ralph Richard Banks grew up in Cleveland , Ohio , and graduated from high school in 1983 .
Julia Scher ( born 1954 , Hollywood ) is an American artist who works primarily with themes of surveillance .
David Boui ( born 28 June 1988 in Bangui ) is a Central African Republican taekwondo practitioner .
George Pocheptsov , who is sometimes also referred to as `` Georgie '' , was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , in 1992 to Ukrainian parents .
Felix Feodosidi ( Greek : Φήλιξ Θεοδοσίδης ) was born July 31 , 1933 in Kislovodsk .
Kateřina Holubcová - Jakešová ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈkatɛr̝ɪna ˈɦoluptsovaː ) ) ( born June 28 , 1976 in Ústí nad Labem ) is a former Czech biathlete .
Michel Becquet ( born 4 February 1954 Limoges ) is a French trombonist and professor at the Conservatoire de Lyon .
Urmas Kruuse ( born 14 July 1965 in Elva ) is an Estonian politician and the Minister of Rural Affairs in Taavi Rõivas ' second cabinet .
Claude Nobs ( February 4 , 1936 -- January 10 , 2013 ) was the founder and general manager of the Montreux Jazz Festival .
Marko Mirić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Марко Мирић ; born 26 March 1987 in Kragujevac ) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Sporting Lokeren in the Jupiler Pro League as a winger .
Abu Sa'id al - Afif was a Samaritan physician in fifteenth century Cairo .
Mariusz Kukiełka ( born 7 November 1976 in Tarnobrzeg ) is a Polish footballer ( midfielder ) .
Yvonne Blake ( Born 1941 in Manchester ) is a British - born Spanish costume designer .
John De Andrea was born in Denver , Colorado on November 24 , 1941 and is an American sculptor , known for realistic sculptures of human figures , dressed and nude in true - to - life postures .
Mei Fang started his football career with Wuhan Guanggu in 2008 when he was promoted to the first team .
Onomacritus ( Greek : Ὀνομάκριτος ; c. 530 -- 480 BCE ) , also known as Onomacritos or Onomakritos , was a Greek chresmologue , or compiler of oracles , who lived at the court of the tyrant Pisistratus in Athens .
Leopold Neubauer ( born 15 October 1889 in Vienna , date of death unknown ) was an Austrian international footballer who played as a striker .
Wilhelm Baur or Wilhelm Baur de Betaz ( Metz , 17 February 1883 - Lindelfels , 26 May 1964 ) was a German Lieutenant General ( Generalleutnant ) of the Heer during Second World War .
Simon Cho was born in Seoul , South Korea and moved to the United States as an illegal immigrant with his parents at the age of four and settled in Chicago .
Korey Veeder ( born October 3 , 1991 in St. Petersburg , Florida ) is an American soccer player who is currently without a club .
Franjo Džidić is famous footballer and football coach from Mostar , Bosnia and Hercegovina .
Heinz Stettler ( March 1 , 1952 in Regensdorf - May 24 , 2006 ) is a Swiss bobsledder who competed during the early to mid-1980s .
Miguel Ángel Blanco was born on 13 May 1968 in Ermua ( Biscay ) into a humble family .
Robert Glasper ( born April 5 , 1978 , in Houston , Texas ) is an American jazz pianist and record producer .
Born Karen Birgitte Federspiel in Copenhagen , she was the daughter of actor Ejner Federspiel and Gunver Fönss .
Kelly Chen ( born Vivian Chen Wai - man on 13 September 1972 ) is a Hong Kong Cantopop singer and actress .
János Gálvölgyi was born on 26 May 1948 in Budapest as the son of János Gálvölgyi and Mária Gumbinger .
George Kotaka ( born July 28 , 1977 , Honolulu , Hawaii , United States ) he is a Japanese American karateka .
Volodymyr Sinclair was born in the city of Margilan ( present - day Uzbekistan ) the former city of Kokand Khanate .
Eoin O'Duffy was born Owen O'Duffy in Lough Egish , near Castleblayney , County Monaghan .
Joseph M. Baumgarten ( Vienna , September 7 , 1928 -- December 4 , 2008 ) was a Semitic scholar known for his knowledge in the field of Jewish legal texts from biblical law to Mishnaic law and including the legal texts among the Dead Sea Scrolls .
Clemerson de Araújo Soares , best known as Araújo ( born 8 August 1977 in Caruaru , PE ) is a Brazilian footballer .
Omar Sachedina was born and raised in greater Vancouver in an Ismaili Muslim household .
Zang Jialiang ( Chinese : 臧嘉亮 ; pinyin : Zāng Jiāliàng ; born January 12 , 1988 in Harbin , Heilongjiang ) is a Chinese curler who trains in Harbin .
Viktor Paço ( born 14 February 1974 in Vlorë ) is a former Albanian international football ( soccer ) player .
Eutychides ( Greek : Εὐτυχίδης Eftichidis ) of Sicyon in Corinthia , Greek sculptor of the latter part of the 4th century BC , was a pupil of Lysippus .
Lt . José Azueta Abad ( Acapulco , Guerrero ; May 2 , 1895 -- Veracruz , May 10 , 1914 ) , usually known as José Azueta , was a Mexican Navy Lieutenant who became famous for his role in the United States occupation of Veracruz , where he was fatally wounded .
Artnant Tahirllari ( born 12 February 1992 in Korçë ) is an Albanian footballer who plays as a striker for Luftëtari Gjirokastër , on loan from Skënderbeu Korçë .
William Golding was born in his grandmother 's house , 47 Mount Wise , Newquay , Cornwall , and he spent many childhood holidays there .
Julie Kenner ( born in Mountain View , California ) is a USA Today bestselling American author of romance and fantasy novels .
Dmitry Borisovich Prusakov ) ( born 31 July 1965 , Moscow ) is a Russian Egyptologist with Doktor nauk of history .
Eleanor Calvert was born in 1758 at the Calvert family 's Mount Airy plantation near Upper Marlboro in Prince George 's County , Maryland .
Heiko Triebener ( born November 24 , 1964 in Berlin ) is a German classical tubist .
Albert Streit ( born Albert Ursachi 28 March 1980 in Bucharest ) is a former Romanian - born German former footballer .
Beatrix Balogh ( born December 12 , 1974 in Kaposvár ) is a Hungarian handballer , European champion and Olympic silver medalist .
Harm van Veldhoven ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈɦɑrm vɐn ˈvɛlt.ˌɦoː.və(n ) ) ; born 28 September 1962 in Luyksgestel ) is a Dutch - Belgian football manager who is currently unemployed after last managing Westerlo .
Reagan Louie ( born 1951 , San Francisco , California ) is an American photographer and artist whose photography and installations explore cross - cultural identity and global transformation in Asia and in Asian communities in the United States .
Paul Brooks Davis ( aka `` Paul Davis '' , born 1938 in Centrahoma , Oklahoma ) is an American graphic artist .
Sarah Seager ( born in 1958 Springfield , Massachusetts ) is a conceptual artist associated with the California Conceptualism movement of the late 1980s through mid-1990s based out of Los Angeles , California .
Alexandra Mendès ( born November 3 , 1963 in Lisbon , Portugal ) is a Canadian Liberal politician , currently serving as the Member of Parliament for the riding of Brossard--
Patrick M. Byrne ( born 1962 , Fort Wayne , Indiana , ) is an American entrepreneur , e - commerce pioneer and CEO of Overstock.com .
Miloš Vasić ( Serbian : Милош Васић , born 10 January 1991 in Loznica ) is a Serbian rower .
Born as Dora Voicu to Viorica Pop and Eugen Voicu , both teachers , Dora Pavel graduated from the Decebal College in Deva ( 1964 ) , and the Faculty of Letters of the Babeş - Bolyai University in Cluj ( 1969 ) .
Luis Guinot , Jr. ( born April 8 , 1935 in San Juan , Puerto Rico ) was the former United States Ambassador to the Central American nation of Costa Rica from 1991 to 1993 .
Eric Staller was born in 1947 in Mineola , New York ; he is the oldest of five children .
Christina Petrowska - Quilico ( born Christina Elena Petrowska ; December 30 , 1948 in Ottawa , Ontario ) is a Canadian pianist .
Dore Gold was born in 1953 in Hartford , Connecticut , in the United States , and was raised in a Conservative Jewish home .
Raimondas Vilčinskas ( born July 5 , 1977 in Panevėžys ) is a retired Lithuanian professional road and track cyclist .
Dean Potter was born in 1972 to an Army officer in a military hospital at Fort Leavenworth , Kansas and grew up in New Hampshire .
Clive Rowe ( 27 March 1964 , Oldham , Lancashire ) is a British actor , probably best known for his role as Norman `` Duke '' Ellington in BBC Children 's drama The Story of Tracy Beaker .
Volker Zotz was born in Landau in der Pfalz , Germany , where he attended elementary school and high school .
Vasilis Tsivilikas ( Thessaloniki , January 17 1942 - Athens , February 29 2012 ) was a Greek comedy actor with significant appearances in the Greek film industry , television and especially theater .
Sonya Clark ( born 1967 , Washington , D.C. ) is an American artist of Afro - Caribbean heritage .
Born in Pradópolis , São Paulo , Cicinho won the Club World Cup in 2005 while playing for São Paulo .
Bettina Soriat ( born 16 March 1967 , Linz ) is an Austrian singer .
Étiemble ( René Ernest Joseph Eugène Étiemble , Chinese name : 安田樸 ) , ( 26 January 1909 in Mayenne , Mayenne -- 7 January 2002 in Vigny ) was an essayist , scholar , novelist , and promoter of Middle Eastern and Asian cultures .
Claes Oldenburg was born on January 28 , 1929 in Stockholm , the son of Gösta Oldenburg and his wife Sigrid Elisabeth née Lindforss .
Niall Morris , born in Dublin , is a well - known Irish classical singer .
Nan Yunqi ( Chinese : 南云齐 , born 6 October 1993 in Dalian , Liaoning ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Dalian Transcendence in the China League Two .
Balázs Farkas - Jenser ( 30 May 1990 , Budapest - ) is a Hungarian singer , guitarist , and songwriter .
Michelangelo Anselmi ( c. 1492 -- c. 1554 ) was an Italian Renaissance - Mannerist painter active mostly in Parma .
Gaston Salasiwa ( born 31 Augustus 1986 in Zaandam ) is a Dutch professional footballer of Indonesian - Moluccan descent who plays as a left Back for Almere City in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Michel Shehadeh born in 1956 , in Amman , Jordan ) , to a Palestinian Christians family , is the Palestinian - American executive director of the Arab Film Festival and the former Western Regional director of the American - Arab Anti - Discrimination Committee ( 1996 - 2003 ) .
Patrick Veszpremi ( born 1 September 1989 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the Western Bulldogs and Sydney Swans in the Australian Football League Originally from Bundoora , Victoria , Veszpremi was drafted to the Swans from the Northern Knights in the TAC Cup with the 11th selection in the 2007 AFL Draft .
Paul Follenius ( May 5 , 1799 -- October 3 , 1844 ) was a German - American attorney and farmer , who had founded the Gießener Auswanderungsgesellschaft ( Gießen Emigration Society ) .
Lior Bakshi ( Hebrew : ליאור בקשי‎ ; born 13 July 1989 in Israel ) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays for Hapoel Ramat Gan .
Hubertus Knabe ( born 1959 in Unna , North Rhine - Westphalia ) is a German historian and the scientific director of the Berlin - Hohenschönhausen Memorial , a museum and memorial in a notorious former Stasi torture prison in Berlin .
Luca Banti ( born 27 March 1974 in Livorno ) is an Italian football referee .
Henry Hartigan VC ( March 1826 -- 29 October 1886 ) was born Drumlea , Enniskillen , County Fermanagh and was an Irish recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Sheldon Jay Bachrach ( born April 7 , 1944 , in Detroit , Michigan ) , or Shel Bachrach for short , is an American insurance broker , investor , businessman and philanthropist .
Joseph - Marie Lo Duca ( originally Giuseppe Lo Duca ) was born in Milan ( Italy ) in 1905 or 1910 to a family of Sicilian origin .
Morena Baccarin was born in Rio de Janeiro to parents of Italian descent .
The eldest of three children , Clara Zetkin was born Clara Josephine Eissner in Wiederau , a peasant village in Saxony , now part of the municipality Königshain - Wiederau .
Josef Maria Auchentaller ( 2 August 1865 - -31 December 1949 ) was an Austrian painter , draftsman , and printmaker associated with the Vienna Secession and the Art Nouveau style .
Edward Stachura was born on 18 August 1937 to a family of Polish emigrants in Charvieu - Chavagneux , department of Isère , in eastern France .
Hidenari Kanayama ( born 26 September 1990 in Sapporo ) is a Japanese luger .
Kustaa Rovio ( 23 January 1887 , Saint Petersburg - 21 April 1938 ) was a Finnish Communist politician who fled to the Russian SFSR after the Finnish Civil War .
Peter Kremer ( born February 18 , 1958 in Brilon , North Rhine - Westphalia ) is a German theatre and television actor .
Matthias Klemm ( born May 8 , 1941 in Bromberg ( Bydgoszcz ) ) is a German painter and graphic artist .
NiCole Robinson ( born April 12 , 1972 in Burley , Idaho ) is an American stand - up comedian and actress .
Grigol Mgaloblishvili was born in Tbilisi , the capital of the then - Soviet Georgia , to the family of intelligentsia .
According to the former Atze Schröder home page , the character `` Atze Schröder '' was born on 27 September 1965 in the German city of Essen .
Kenny G was born in Seattle , Washington , to Jewish parents ( his mother was originally from Saskatchewan , Canada ) and grew up in the city 's Seward Park neighborhood , which is a center of the city 's Jewish community .
Tété is a French musician , born in Dakar , Senegal on 25 July 1975 .
Born Jacqueline MacInnes Wood in Windsor , Ontario , the daughter of Sandy , She is of French , Native American , Scottish and Brazilian ancestry .
Casey Malone ( born 6 April 1977 in Wheat Ridge , Colorado ) is an American discus thrower .
Cristina Casandra , née Iloc ( born 1 February 1977 in Zalău ) is a Romanian long - distance runner who specializes mainly in the 3000 metres steeplechase .
Auguste Richard de la Hautière , who dropped his aristocratic - sounding ' de ' and went by ' Richard Lahautière ' , was born in Paris on May 21 , 1813 .
Myles Hogarth ( born 30 March 1975 in Falkirk ) is a Scottish professional footballer who currently is currently playing for Camelon Juniors F.C ..
Elisha Obed ( born February 21 , 1952 in Nassau , Bahamas ) was a Bahamian boxer at middleweight .
Edinaldo Batista Libânio ( born 2 April 1979 in Campo Limpo Paulista , São Paulo ) , commonly known as Grafite ( pronounced ( ɡɾaˈfit͡ɕ ) ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Brazilian club Santa Cruz .
Hélène Carrère d'Encausse ( born 6 July 1929 in Paris as Hélène Zourabichvili ) is the permanent secretary of the Académie française and a historian specializing in Russian history .
Mars Williams ( born May 28 , 1955 in Elmhurst , Illinois ) is an American jazz and rock saxophonist .
William George Hoskins was born at 26 - -28 St David 's Hill , Exeter , Devon on 22 May 1908 : his father , like his grandfather , was a baker .
Lee Bok - hee ( also Lee Bok - hui , Korean : 이 복희 ; born December 13 , 1978 in Seoul ) is a South Korean judoka , who competed in the women 's half - middleweight category .
Conny Bloom is the stage name for Ulf Conny Blomqvist , ( born 23 November 1964 in Stockholm ) who is a Swedish guitarist and songwriter .
Will Traynor ( born February 24 , 1989 in St. Charles , Missouri ) is an American soccer player .
Csézy , real name Erzsébet Csézi ( born on 9 October 1979 in Mezőkövesd ) is a Hungarian pop singer .
James Whitcomb Riley was born on October 7 , 1849 , in the town of Greenfield , Indiana , the third of the six children of Reuben Andrew and Elizabeth Marine Riley .
Valentin Demyanenko ( Ukrainian : Валентин Дем'яненко ) , born 23 October 1983 in Cherkasy , is a Ukrainian and Azerbaijani flatwater canoer and former C-1 200 m world champion .
Sebastiaan Bremer ( born 27 June 1970 in Amsterdam ) is a Dutch artist who lives and works in New York City .
Manan Chandra ( born 28 February 1981 in New Delhi ) is an internationally notable Indian amateur snooker and pool player .
Martin Sköld ( born 2 October 1970 in Sparreholm , Södermanland ) is a Swedish musician who plays bass and keyboards in the Swedish alternative rock band Kent .
Dan Cragg ( born September 6 , 1939 in Rochester , NY ) is an American soldier , essayist , and science - fiction author .
Ole Anthon Olsen ( September 14 , 1889 in Copenhagen -- March 17 , 1972 in Gentofte ) was a Danish amateur football player , who played in the forward position .
The capital city of the Tawantinsuyu was in Cuzco , and Huayna Capac hoped to establish a northern stronghold in the city of Tumebamba .
Richard Kallee ( * 18 December 1854 in Ludwigsburg , † 15 July 1933 in Feuerbach ) was a German Protestant pastor .
Peter Kramer ( physicist ) ( born 1933 in Quedlinburg ) is a German physicist .
Stanley Tigerman ( born September 20 , 1930 in Chicago , Illinois ) is an American architect , theorist and designer .
Elvis Crespo Díaz ( born July 30 , 1971 in New York City ) is an American - born Puerto Rican Grammy and Latin Grammy Award - winning Merengue singer .
Ramadan Ramadani ( 1944 - -2005 ) was a distinguished Kosovar painter from Ferizaj , Kosovo ( for most of his life ) , a town southwest of Kosovo 's capital city Pristina .
Susan Yankowitz ( Newark , New Jersey , February 20 , 1941 ) is an American dramatist .
Ada Choi ( born 17 September 1973 ) is a Hong Kong actress best known for her work for TVB television , and to a lesser extent , for her film work .
A San Luis Potosí native , Roldán was born Emma Roldán Reyna to hotel owners José María Roldán and Virginia Reyna , the second of four siblings .
Larry Heinemann ( born 1944 ) is an American novelist born and raised in Chicago .
Marcelo Augusto Mathias da Silva ( born 26 August 1991 in Juiz de Fora ) , commonly known as Marcelo , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a Defender and is currently is a Free Agent .
Kathleen Finneran ( born December 3 , 1957 in St. Louis , Missouri ) , is an American author .
Hubert Wołąkiewicz ( born October 21 , 1985 in Skarżysko - Kamienna ) is a Polish professional footballer who plays for Cracovia as a defender .
Hilmar Weilandt ( born September 29 , 1966 in Stralsund ) is a former East German international footballer .
Vladimir Breitchev ( born December 16 , 1958 in Samokov ) is a Bulgarian ski jumper that came at the 19th place in the Olympic Games in the K-70 metre hill in 1984 .
Pamela Lincoln ( born Pamela Gill ; June 19 , 1937 in Los Angeles , California to actress Verna Hillie and writer Frank Gill Jr. ) is an American actress who has played many roles in television and film .
Jonathan Solomons ( born 16 January 1976 in Cape Town is a South African football ( soccer ) winger for Vodacom League club Milano United The Cape Town native , who made his professional debut in 1994 at Hellenic , spent 2006 - 07 struggling with injury at Celtic , and started in only three cup games while there .
Gary A. Tanaka ( born June 23 , 1943 , in Hunt , Idaho ) is a Japanese - American businessman , sportsman and philanthropist who co - founded the investment company Amerindo Investment Advisors in 1979 along with Alberto Vilar .
Ljudmila Ninova - Rudoll ( Bulgarian : Людмила Нинова , Lyudmila Ninova ; born 25 June 1960 in Kula , Bulgaria ) is a retired Bulgarian--
Raven De La Croix ( born Lynn Christie Ann Martin on August 24 , 1947 in Manhattan , New York City , U.S. ) is an actress known for her lead role in the 1976 Russ Meyer film Up!.
Jaeson Ma was born on November 11 , 1980 in Lubbock , Texas of Chinese descent .
Joaquín Nin - Culmell was born in Berlin , Germany , the youngest child of Cuban singer Rosa Culmell and pianist - composer Joaquín Nin .
Faisal Khalil Sebait Mubarak Al - Junaibi ( Arabic : فيصل خليل سبيت مبارك الجنيبي‎ ; born 4 December 1982 in Sharjah , UAE ) is a UAE footballer who plays for Al - Ahli .
Bryon Kiefer ( born March 31 , 1986 in Groningen ) is a Dutch footballer who played for Eerste Divisie club SC Veendam during the 2006 - 2009 football seasons .
Amanda Auchter ( born 1977 Baytown , Texas ) is an American writer , professor , and editor .
Jakob Ahlmann Nielsen ( born 18 January 1991 in Aalborg ) is a Danish footballer who plays as a left back for AaB in the Danish Superliga .
Jon Wells ( born 23 September 1978 in Wakefield , West Yorkshire , England ) is a former English rugby league footballer and now a Sky Sports rugby league pundit .
Włodzimierz Brunon Steyer was born in Montreal , Canada , to Włodzimierz Steyer Sr . and Tekla ( née Witołd - Aleksandrowicz ) .
Leilane Neubarth Teixeira ( Rio de Janeiro - RJ , November 15 , 1958 ) is a Brazilian journalist , news presenter and writer .
Gegham Baghdasaryan ( Armenian : Գեղամ Բաղդասարի Բաղդասարյան , December 25 , 1902 , Tabriz -- November 14 , 1976 , Yerevan ) better known by his pen name Gegham Saryan ( Armenian : Գեղամ Սարյան ) is an Armenian poet and translator .
Hans Pothorst ( c. 1440 -- 1490 ) was a privateer , likely from the German city Hildesheim .
Antoine Édouard Ducpétiaux ( 29 June 1804 , Brussels - 21 July 1868 , Brussels ) was a Belgian journalist .
Sharan Newman ( born April 15 , 1949 in Ann Arbor , Michigan ) is an American historian and writer of historical novels .
Piotr Wawrzeniuk ( born 1971 in Warsaw ) is a Polish historian and musician .
Wiktor Thommée was born 30 December 1881 in Święciany , Russian Empire ( modern Švenčionys , Lithuania ) , to a family of distant French provenience .
Pierre Leboucher ( born November 9 , 1980 in Nantes ) is a French sailor , who specialized in two - person dinghy ( 470 ) class .
Michael Dellorusso ( born August 22 , 1983 in White Plains , New York ) was a former American soccer player and is a coach .
Hana Brady was born on 16 May 1931 in Prague , Her family lived in Nové Město na Moravě in the Czechoslovak province Moravia - Silesia .
Storm Large was born and raised in suburban Southborough , Massachusetts .
Lenny Bruce was born Leonard Alfred Schneider in Mineola , New York , grew up in nearby Bellmore , and attended Wellington C. Mepham High School .
Jim Pearson ( born 24 March 1953 in Falkirk ) is a Scottish former footballer , who played for St Johnstone , Everton and Newcastle United until injury cut short his professional career .
Gerd Koenen ( born 9 December 1944 in Marburg ) is a German historian and former communist politician .
Mindi Abair ( born May 23 , 1969 in St. Petersburg , Florida , United States ) is an American two time Grammy Award nominated , American saxophonist , vocalist , author , and National Trustee for the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences , the organization that puts on The Grammys .
Sunita Shroff was born in Scotland to Irish and Indian parents , and raised in Greece where she was educated in the Campion School ( Athens ) .
Martin Ullmann ( born 11 December 1986 , in Erfurt ) is a German footballer who plays as an attacker .
Walter Loomis Newberry ( 1804 , East Windsor , Connecticut -- November 6 , 1868 at sea ) was an American businessman and philanthropist , best known for his bequest that resulted in the creation of the Newberry Library in Chicago .
Sandra Couture ( born March 15 , 1983 in Saint - Georges , Quebec ) is a Canadian soccer player who last played for French club Juvisy of the Division 1 Féminine .
Ben Rehder is an Austin - based author of mysteries , especially the Blanco Country series .
Konstantin Petrovich Mikhailov ( Russian : Кoнстантин Пeтpoвич Михайлoв ; born October 24 , 1965 , Moscow , RSFSR , USSR ) is a Russian journalist , writer , ethnographer and social activist .
Marta Żmuda Trzebiatowska ( born 26 July , 1984 in Człuchów ) is a Polish film , television and theater actress .
Peter - Jürgen Boock ( born 3 September 1951 in Garding , Nordfriesland ) is a former member of the Red Army Faction .
Anatoliy Kinakh was born in the village of Brătuşeni in the Moldavian SSR ( now Moldova ) on August 4 , 1954 .
Luigi Benedetti ( Massa Carrara , 19 May 1951 ) is a former Italian sprinter .
Guilherme Camacho ( born March 2 , 1990 in Rio de Janeiro ) , is a Brazilian attacking midfielder who currently plays for Guaratinguetá , on loan from Flamengo .
George Bomford was born on Long Island , New York in 1780 during the American Revolutionary War , the son of a British officer , Thomas Bomford of the 60th Royal Artillery , and his wife .
Born in New Haven , Connecticut , Ingersoll was the son of Jared Ingersoll ( 1722 - -1781 ) , a prominent British official whose strong Loyalist sentiments would lead to his being tarred and feathered by radical Patriots .
Born in New York City to a family of Irish emigrants ( from Nenagh in Co. Tipperary ) , Johnny Hayes is probably best known for winning the controversial marathon race at the London Olympics .
Henrik Lundqvist grew up with his identical twin brother Joel in Åre , Jämtland , an area where alpine skiing is the most popular winter activity , though Henrik and Joel chose to play ice hockey over the more popular winter sports .
Agnes Lawrence Pelton was born in Stuttgart , Germany to American parents , William Halsey Pelton and Florence Pelton .
Dorothy Kelly was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania to Bessie and Thomas Kelly , descendants of Irish Quakers .
Alexander Kantorov ( born 1947 ) is a Russian conductor who was born in Leningrad ( now Saint Petersburg ) and was a graduate of both Moscow and Saint Petersburg Conservatories .
Ville Salminen ( 2 October 1908 , Mariehamn -- 28 November 1992 ) was a Finnish film actor , director , writer and producer .
Samuel Schafler ( February 20 , 1929 -- April 3 , 1991 ) was a New York - born rabbi , historian , editor and Jewish educator .
Zhu Jiong began his career playing for Shanghai Shenhua youth team and would graduate to the senior team during the dawn of full professionalism at the beginning of the 1994 Chinese Jia - A League season .
Helmut Ruska ( June 7 , 1908 , Heidelberg - August 30 , 1973 ) was a German physician and biologist from Heidelberg .
Conor Downey ( born March 12 , 1982 in Belfast ) is a professional footballer from Northern Ireland and plays for Donegal Celtic .
Stapleton was born Lois Maureen Stapleton in Troy , New York , the daughter of John P. Stapleton and Irene ( née Walsh ) , and grew up in a strict Irish American Catholic family .
Danina Jeftić was born on 9 November 1986 in Sarajevo ( SFR Yugoslavia then , Bosnia and Herzegovina now ) .
Boris Steimetz ( born July 27 , 1987 at Saint - Denis , Réunion ) is a French swimmer .
Yevgeni Sergeyevich Popov ( Russian : Евгений Серге́евич Попов ) ( born 27 November 1977 in Krasnoyarsk ) is a Russian bobsledder who has competed since 1996 .
A Chicago native , Weedon Osborne graduated from Northwestern University Dental School in 1915 .
Sylvia Woods ( February 2 , 1926 -- July 19 , 2012 ) was an American restaurateur who co - founded the landmark restaurant Sylvia 's in Harlem on Lenox Avenue , New York City with her husband , Herbert Woods , in 1962 .
Steven Weinberg was born in 1933 in New York City , his parents were Jewish immigrants .
Antonio Scopelliti ( Campo Calabro , January 20 , 1935 -- Piale , August 9 , 1991 ) was an Italian prosecuting magistrate , murdered by the ' Ndrangheta on behalf of the Sicilian Mafia .
Li Zhaoxing ( Chinese : 李肇星 ; pinyin : Lǐ Zhàoxīng ; born 20 October 1940 in Jiaonan , Qingdao , Shandong ) is a Chinese diplomat and politician .
Gary Locke was born on January 21 , 1950 , in Seattle , Washington , and spent his early years living in the Yesler Terrace public housing project .
Carlos Rendón Zipagauta ( Cali , 29 September 1955 ) is a Colombian - Belgian documentary filmmaker .
Andrée Bosquet , born in Tournai in 1900 was a Belgian painter .
Salman F Rahman is Vice Chairman of Beximco Group , one of the largest corporate house of Bangladesh at the moment with over 48,000 employees working in its factories and head offices .
Mafalda Theotto known professionally as Eloísa Mafalda ( born September 18 , 1924 in Jundiaí ) is a Brazilian actress .
Christian Braut , was born on 23 September 1962 in Paris ( XVe ) .
Charles Camille Chazal , a French painter , and son of Antoine Chazal , was born in Paris in 1825 .
Mark Teltscher is an English poker player , based in London , England .
Vincenz Liechtenstein ( 30 July 1950 in Graz -- 14 January 2008 in Deutschfeistritz , Styria ) was an Austrian politician ( ÖVP ) .
Harry Booth ( born in London , England ) , is a film director , film producer , screenwriter and editor .
Maria Jepsen ( born 19 January 1945 in Bad Segeberg ) was the bishop of Hamburg in the North Elbian Evangelical Lutheran Church .
Pamela Love ( born 1982 ) is an American jewelry designer based in New York City .
Luca Scinto ( born January 28 , 1968 in Fucecchio ) is an Italian former cyclist .
Erich Lessing ( 13 July 1923 , Vienna ) is an Austrian photographer .
Dr George B. Johnson ( born 11 June 1942 , Newport News , Virginia ) is a science educator who for many years has written a weekly column `` On Science '' in the St. Louis Post - Dispatch .
Louis King ( born June 28 , 1898 , Christiansburg , Virginia -- died September 7 , 1962 ) was an American actor and movie director of westerns and adventure movies in the 1920s , 1930s , and 1940s .
Friedrich Rosenthal ( 20 July 1885 in Vienna ; †21 August 1942 at the Auschwitz concentration camp ) was an Austrian director and playwright .
Marko Topchii was born into a family of musicians in Kiev , Ukraine and is started studying guitar at the age of four .
Geir Lippestad was born 7 June 1964 in Hønefoss , in the Ringerike district in Buskerud county .
Paul Gertner is an American close - up magician from Pittsburgh .
Quaadir Atkinson , professionally known as Neo da Matrix , is an American hip hop producer from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
The eldest of the eleven children of Dr. William Henry Twort , Frederick Twort was born in Camberley , Surrey on 22 October 1877 .
Comandanta Ramona ( 1959 -- January 6 , 2006 ) was the nom de guerre of an officer of the Zapatista Army of National Liberation ( EZLN ) , a revolutionary indigenous autonomist organization based in the southern Mexican state of Chiapas .
Pier Cesare Bori ( Casale Monferrato , 3 February 1937 - Bologna , 4 November 2012 ) was a professor of religious history , moral philosophy , and multiculturalism at the University of Bologna .
Abraham Albert Hijmans van den Bergh ( 1 December 1869 in Rotterdam -- 28 September 1943 in Utrecht ) was a Dutch physician specializing in internal medicine .
Francisco Castillo Nájera ( Durango , Dgo . , 1886 -- Mexico City , 1954 ) was a Mexican diplomat and politician .
Viktor Kurmanovych ( Ukrainian : Віктор Йосипович Курманович ) ( 26 November 1876 , Vilshanytsia near Zolochiv , Galicia and Lodomeria , Austro - Hungary -- 18 October 1945 , Odessa , Soviet Union ) was a Ukrainian politician and military leader .
Félix María de Samaniego ( October 12 , 1745 -- August 11 , 1801 ) , born and died in Laguardia , Álava , in the Basque Country , was a Spanish neoclassical fabulist , educated at Valladolid .
Esaias Tegnér ( 13 November 1782 , Värmland -- 2 November 1846 , Växjö , Småland ) , was a Swedish writer , professor of Greek language , and bishop .
Otto Hoynck ( 1630 , The Hague -- after 1706 ) , was a Dutch Golden Age portrait painter active in England .
Benny Morton ( January 31 , 1907 -- December 28 , 1985 ) , born in New York City , was a jazz trombonist most associated with the swing genre .
Sir Joseph Edgar Boehm , 1st Baronet , RA ( Vienna , 6 July 1834 -- 12 December 1890 London , England ) was a medallist and sculptor , best known for the Jubilee head of Queen Victoria on coinage , and the statue of the Duke of Wellington at Hyde Park Corner .
His debut play Ashadh Ka Ek Din was first performed by Kolkata - based Hindi theatre group Anamika , under director Shyamanand Jalan ( 1960 ) and subsequently by Ebrahim Alkazi at National School of Drama Delhi in 1962 , which established Mohan Rakesh as the first modern Hindi playwright .
Luigi Bernabò Brea ( Genua , 27 September 1910 -- Lipari , 4 February 1999 ) was an Italian archaeologist .
Jan Anton van der Baren ( variations on the first name : ' Jan Anthonie ' , ' Jan Antonius ' , ' Jean - Antoine ' and ' Johannes Antonius ' ) ( 1615 -- 1 January 1687 ) was a Flemish painter , draughtsman , priest and museum curator active in Brussels and Vienna .
Abdelhadi Boutaleb ( Arabic : عبد الهادي بوطالب‎ ) ( b. 23 December 1923 , Fes - d. 16 December 2009 , Rabat ) was a Moroccan statesman and politician .
Otto Kässbohrer ( born and died in Ulm 26 January 1904 and 20 June 1989 ) was a German entrepreneur and vehicle manufacturer .
Sibylle of Baden ( 26 April 1485 -- 10 July 1518 in Willstätt ) was a Margravine of Baden by birth and by marriage , Countess of Hanau - Lichtenberg .
Karl Friedrich August Rammelsberg ( 1 April 1813 -- 28 December 1899 ) was a German mineralogist from Berlin , Prussia .
Anna Maria of Brandenburg ( 3 February 1567 in Zechlin Palace , Rheinberg -- 14 November 1618 in Wolin ) was an Princess of Brandenburg by birth and marriage Duchess of Pomerania .
In 1891 , following another crisis , Carlo Cafiero was confined in the psychiatric hospital in Nocera Inferiore , where he died on Sunday 17 July 1892 of tuberculosis at the age of 45 .
Max Lewandowsky ( June 28 , 1876 -- April 4 , 1916 ) was a German neurologist , who was a native of Berlin .
Robert Rich , 3rd Earl of Warwick ( 28 June 1611 -- 29 May 1659 in London ) , supported the Royalist cause in the English Civil War ( his father the 2nd Earl supported Parliament ) .
Zénon Bacq ( 1903 in La Louvière - 1983 in Fontenoy ) was a Belgian radiobiologist and inventor .
Janusz Christa ( 19 July 1934 , Wilno -- 15 November 2008 , Sopot ) was a Polish author of comic books , creator of the comic book series Kajtek i Koko and his perhaps most famous , Kajko i Kokosz series .
Silvestro Aldobrandini ( 1500 - -1558 ) was a Florentine jurisconsult and the father of Pope Clement VIII . Silvestro Aldobrandini is depicted in a chapel named after Sixtus V in the church of Santa Maria Maggiore in Rome .
Friedrich Schlemm ( 11 December 1795 -- 27 May 1858 ) was a German anatomist who was professor at the University of Berlin .
Ermanno Wolf - Ferrari was born in Venice in 1876 , the son of an Italian mother and a German father .
Sean Devereux ( 25 November 1964 - 2 January 1993 ) was an English Salesian missionary and aid worker murdered in Kismayo , Somalia in 1993 while working for UNICEF .
Sigrid Kahle died following a brief illness on 31 December 2013 , aged 85 , in Uppsala , Sweden .
Bernhard Pez ( 22 February 1683 , at Ybbs near Melk -- 27 March 1735 , at Melk , Lower Austria ) was an Austrian Benedictine historian and librarian .
It was stated by The Sun that Clive Hornby died of hypoxia , a disease often associated with cancer , in a Leeds Hospice .
Vicente Sancho y Cobertores ( 1784 in Petrés , Spain -- 1860 in Madrid , Spain ) was a Spanish politician and militant who served as Prime Minister of Spain and Minister of State in 1840 during the reign of Queen Isabella II .
Amadeus August ( 6 May 1942 , in Breslau -- 6 July 1992 , in Munich ) was a German actor and singer who spoke French and English .
Adolf Daens ( 18 December 1839 -- 14 June 1907 ) was a Flemish priest from Aalst .
Mahendra Kapoor was born in Amritsar , but soon moved to Mumbai .
Karoline von Manderscheid - Blankenheim ( Karoline Felicitas Engelberte ; 13 November 1768 , Vienna -- 1 March 1831 in Vienna ) , was a princess consort of Liechtenstein ; married on 16 November 1783 to prince Alois I of Liechtenstein .
Blessed Luigia Poloni ( 26 January 1802 -- 11 November 1855 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic nun and was also the co - founder of the Sisters of Mercy of Verona which she established with Charles Steeb - future saint .
Herbert Arthur Stuart ( 27 March 1899 , Zurich -- 8 April 1974 , Hanover ) was a German experimental physicist who made contributions in molecular physics research .
István Eörsi ( Hungarian : ( ˈiʃtvaːn ˈørʃi ) ; 16 June 1931 , in Budapest -- 13 October 2005 , in Budapest ) was a Hungarian writer , novelist , political essayist , poet and literature translator .
Charles Amédée de Noé , known as Cham ( January 26 , 1818 , Paris -- September 6 , 1879 , Paris ) , was a French caricaturist and lithographer .
Viktor Pietschmann was born in Vienna , Austria to parents Karl Pietschmann and Ida in 1881 .
Aurora Valeria Albertina Bertha Valerius ( 21 January 1824 , Stockholm -- 24 March 1895 , Stockholm ) , was a Swedish photographer and painter .
Aldo Novarese ( b. 29 June 1920 in Pontestura Monferrato -- d. 16 September 1995 in Turin ) was an Italian type designer who lived and worked mostly in Turin where he produced an impressive number of unique designs .
Daniel Krencker ( 15 July 1874 , Andolsheim -- 10 November 1941 , Berlin ) was an Alsatian - German architectural historian .
Hermann Oldenberg ( October 31 , 1854 , Hamburg -- March 18 , 1920 , Göttingen ) was a German scholar of Indology , and Professor at Kiel ( 1898 ) and Göttingen ( 1908 ) .
Bishop Michael Fu Tieshan ( Simplified Chinese : 傅铁山 , Traditional Chinese : 傅鐵山 ; November 3 , 1931 -- April 20 , 2007 ) of Beijing was the top leader of the Chinese Patriotic Catholic Association .
Władysław Wróblewski ( Polish pronunciation : ( vwaˈdɨswaf vruˈblɛfskʲi ) ; 21 March 1875 , Kraków -- 19 August 1951 , Łódź ) was a Polish szlachcic , politician , scientist , diplomat and lawyer .
Albin Siekierski ( * 1 . March 1920 in Imielin ( Poland ) ; † 28 . February 1989 in Katowice ) was a polish writer .
Dave Halliday was born in Dumfries and started in local schools football where he featured on the left wing .
Ernest Charles Lucet ( 16 April 1910 in Paris -- 25 March 1990 ) was a French diplomat , and French ambassador to the United States .
Alex de Renzy suffered a fatal stroke and diabetic attack while in his hotel room in Los Angeles during the production of his last video .
Karl Drais , baptized Karl Friedrich Christian Ludwig Freiherr ( German for Baron ) Drais Von Sauerbronn , was born on April 29 , 1785 to Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Ludwig Baron Von Drais and Ernestine Christine Margaretha ( born Baroness Von Kaltenthal ) in Karlsruhe , capital of Baden , Germany .
André Obrecht ( 9 August 1899 , Paris -- 30 July 1985 , aged 85 , Nice ) was the official executioner of France from 1951 until 1976 .
Enrico Dante was born in Rome to Achille Dante , a devoted supporter of Giuseppe Garibaldi , and Zenaide Ingegni ( d. 1892 ) .
Maurice Scève ( c. 1501 - -c . 1564 ) , was a French poet active in Lyon during the Renaissance period .
The Venerable Sister Serafina of God , O.Carm . , ( Italian : Serafina di Dio ) , also known as Seraphine of Capri , ( 24 October 1621 -17 March 1699 ) was the founder of seven Carmelite monasteries of nuns in southern Italy .
Mari Jászai ( 24 February 1850 , Ászár - 5 October 1926 , Budapest ) was a Hungarian actress .
Ibrahim Edhem Pasha was the father of Osman Hamdi Bey , a well - known archaeologist and painter , as well the founder of the Istanbul Archaeology Museum and of the Istanbul Academy of Fine Arts .
Alexander Diomidovich Kravchenko ( Russian : Кравченко Александр Диомидович ) ( born 1881 in Voronezh died 21 November 1923 in Rostov - on - Don ) was a Russian agronomist and partisan who fought against Admiral Kolchak 's White forces in Siberia in 1919 during the Russian Civil War .
Joost van Geel ( 1631 , Rotterdam -- 1698 , Rotterdam ) , was a Dutch Golden Age genre painter in the style of Gabriel Metsu .
Lawrence Joseph Henderson ( June 3 , 1878 , Lynn , Massachusetts -- February 10 , 1942 , Cambridge , Massachusetts ) was a physiologist , chemist , biologist , philosopher , and sociologist .
Rudolf Schwarzkogler ( 13 November 1940 , Vienna -- 20 June 1969 , Vienna ) was an Austrian performance artist closely associated with the Viennese Actionism group that included artists Günter Brus , Otto Mühl , and Hermann Nitsch .
On July 2 , 1834 , Dan Beach Bradley and his wife , Emilie departed from Boston for their mission trip in Bangkok .
Hambardzum Arakelian ( Shahriar , 1865 , Shusha , Russian Empire - 1918 , Tbilisi ) was an Armenian journalist , writer and public activist , the founder of The Relief Committee for Armenian migrants ( 1915 ) and Armenian Popular party .
Virginia Carroll died at a Santa Barbara , California , retirement community on July 23 , 2009 , of natural causes at the age of 95 .
Petre Hârtopeanu ( 15 June 1913 , Dângeni , Botoşani County , Romania -- 2001 , Frankfurt - am - Main ) was a Romanian - German painter , art professor .
Heinrich Maschke ( 24 October 1853 in Breslau , Germany ( now Wrocław , Poland ) -- 1 March 1908 Chicago , Illinois , USA ) was a German mathematician who proved Maschke 's theorem .
Saint Margaret Ward ( died 30 August 1588 ) , the `` pearl of Tyburn '' , was an English Catholic martyr who was executed during the reign of Elizabeth I for assisting a priest to escape from prison .
Lucien Hervé ( born László Elkán on 7 August 1910 in Hungary , died 26 June 2007 in Paris ) was a French photographer of Hungarian origin .
Kurt Hirschfeld was buried in Zürich 's Israelitischer Friedhof Oberer Friesenberg .
Arnold Sutermeister ( July 11 , 1830 -- May 3 , 1907 ) was a Swiss - born contractor in the West of United States ( business in Fort Wayne and Kansas City ) .
Lev Lvovich Kamenev ( Russian : Лев Льво́вич Ка́менев ; 1834 , according to other information in 1833 , Rylsk , Kursk Governorate -- 26 January ( O.S. 14 January ) 1886 Savvinskaya sloboda , Moscow Governorate ) , was a Russian landscape painter .
Cécile Tormay ( October 8 , 1876 in Budapest -- April 2 , 1937 in Mátraháza ) was a Hungarian writer , intellectual , right - wing political activist , feminist , literary translator , and social theorist .
James Kidd Flemming ( April 27 , 1868 -- February 10 , 1927 ) was a businessman and politician in New Brunswick , Canada .
Serapio Calderón Chirinos ( 1843 , Paucartambo , Peru -- 3 April 1922 , Cusco , Peru ) was President of Peru .
Luke Kelly ( 17 November 1940 -- 30 January 1984 ) was an Irish singer , folk musician and actor from Dublin , Ireland , notable as a founding member of the band The Dubliners .
André Joseph Lefèvre was born in Paris on 17 June 1869 , son of an engineer who was an inspector for the Compagnie des chemins de fer de l'Est .
In 1846 Marie - Joseph Farcot transferred his factory close to the docks and railway station in Saint - Ouen on the Seine .
The Jackson Miles Abbott Wetland Refuge at Fort Belvoir in Fairfax , Virginia was named in his honor .
Two William Tisdales have been found in London at the turn of the 17th century : one died in 1603 and the other in 1605 .
Edmund Kesting ( 27 July 1892 , Dresden -- 21 October 1970 , Birkenwerder ) was a German photographer , painter and art professor .
Salomon Ulmann ( February 25 , 1806 at Saverne , Bas - Rhin -- May 5 , 1865 in Paris ) , was a French rabbi .
Eduard Weiter ( 18 July 1889 , Eschwege -- 2 May 1945 , Itter ) was a German bureaucrat who became a Schutzstaffel Obersturmbannführer and concentration camp commandant .
Samuel Siegel ( born 1875 , Des Moines , Iowa -- died January 14 , 1948 , Los Angeles , California ) was an American mandolin virtuoso and composer who played mandolin on 29 records for Victor Records , including 9 pieces of his own composition and two that he arranged .
Stephen Gaskin ( February 16 , 1935 -- July 1 , 2014 ) was an American counterculture Hippie icon best known for his presence in the Haight - Ashbury district of San Francisco in the 1960s and for co - founding `` The Farm '' , a famous spiritual intentional community in Summertown , Tennessee .
Stjepan Bobek ( 3 December 1923 , Zagreb -- 22 August 2010 , Belgrade ) was an ethnic Croat Yugoslav football striker and later football manager .
Owen Moran ( born 4 October 1884 in Birmingham , England -- died 17 March 1949 ) was an English boxer .
His son , Pérez Prado , Jr. , continues to direct the Pérez Prado Orchestra in Mexico City to this day .
Johann Natterer remained in South America for 18 years , until 1835 , returning to Vienna with a large collection of specimens , including new species such as the South American lungfish , which he gave to the Imperial Natural - Science Cabinet ( K.k . Naturaliencabinet ) , the predecessor of the Naturhistorisches Museum .
Tomàs Rosés was a banker and president of FC Barcelona from 1929 - 1930 .
Alexander Thom died on 7 November 1985 at Fort William hospital , aged 91 .
Hirsch Schwartzberg ( Schwarcberg , Schwarzberg ) ( October 28 , 1907 , in Vilna --October 17 , 1987 in Ashdod ) was a Jewish leader of Holocaust survivors ( Yiddish : בפרייטה יידין אויף ברלין‎ ) under the American occupation of Berlin .
Cyngen ap Cadell ( English : Cyngen son of Cadell ) or also ( Concenn ) , was King of Powys from 808 until his death in 855 during a pilgrimage to Rome .
Isabel Luberza Oppenheimer ( 23 July 1901 - 4 January 1974 ) , better known as `` Isabel la Negra '' , was a Puerto Rican brothel owner and madam in barrio Maragüez , Ponce , Puerto Rico .
Christian Kalkbrenner ( Hann . Münden , September 22 , 1755 -- Paris , August 10 , 1806 ) was a German bandmaster or Kapellmeister , violinist , organ and keyboard player , and composer .
André - Jean Festugière O.P. ( 15 March 1898 , Paris -- 13 August 1982 , Saint - Dizier ) was a French Dominican friar , philosopher , philologist , and expert on Neoplatonism , and in particular the works of Proclus .
Theodor Schieffer ( 11 June 1910 in Bad Godesberg -- 9 April 1992 in Bad Godesberg ) was a German historian .
Renée Schwarzenbach - Wille ( born 1883 in Thun , Switzerland ; died 1959 in Konstanz ) was a Swiss photographer .
Dan Massey ( December 26 , 1942 -- January 28 , 2013 ) was an American LGBT rights / sexual freedom activist , scientist , author , blogger and fundraiser based in Washington , D.C. He was a co - founder and CEO of VenusPlusX.
Attilio Pratella ( born 1856 in Lugo di Romagna , Italy ; died 1949 in Naples , Italy ) was an Italian painter .
On April 29 , 2008 , Tatsuo Hasegawa died aged 92 in Yokohama , Kanagawa .
Agostino Cornacchini ( August 27 , 1686 -- 1754 ) was an Italian sculptor and painter of the Rococo period , active mainly in Rome .
Ioannis Altamouras ( Greek : Ιωάννης Αλταμούρας ) ( Florence or Naples , 1852 -- Spetses , 1878 ) was an outstanding Greek painter of the 19th century famous for his paintings of seascapes .
Johan August Hugo Gyldén ( May 29 , 1841 in Helsinki -- November 9 , 1896 in Stockholm ) was a Finland - Swedish astronomer primarily known for work in celestial mechanics .
Peter Fendi was born in Vienna on 4 September 1796 to Joseph and Elizabeth Fendi .
Alfonso Capecelatro ( Marseille , 5 February 1824 -- 14 November 1912 ) was an Italian Archbishop of Capua , ecclesiastical writer , Vatican librarian , and Cardinal .
Edmund Hauler ( November 17 , 1859 , Buda -- April 1 , 1941 , Vienna ) was an Austrian classical philologist born in Ofen to a Danube Swabian German family .
Juan Castellar y de Borja was born in Valencia in late 1441 , the son of Galcerán de Castellar , señor de Picassent , and his wife Bernardona Borja .
Lucien Henry Cheffer ( 30 December 1880 in Paris -- 3 May 1957 ) was a French illustrator and printmaker .
Wilhelm Körner , later a.k.a . Guglielmo Körner ( April , 20th , 1839 in Cassel - March 29 , 1925 in Milan ) was a German chemist .
Ermilo Abreu Gómez ( September 18 , 1894 in Mérida , Yucatán -- July 14 , 1971 in Mexico City ) was a writer , journalist and lecturer born in Mérida , Yucatán , México .
Steen Eiler Rasmussen was born on 19 February 1898 in Copenhagen to Lieutenant colonel and later general Christian Rasmussen and Anna Dorthea ( Dori ) Jung .
Herbert Druce , FLS ( 14 July , 1846 , London -- 11 April , 1913 , London ) was a British entomologist .
Isidore De Loor , C.P. , also known as Isidore of Saint Joseph , was a Belgian lay brother of the Passionist Congregation , born on April 18 , 1881 in Vrasene , Belgium ; died October 6 , 1916 at Kortrijk , Belgium .
Emilio Bajada ( January 12 , 1914 , Tunis - May 14 , 1984 , Modena ) was an Italian mathematician .
Sir William Kirkcaldy of Grange ( c. 1520 --3 August 1573 ) was a Scottish politician and soldier who fought for the Scottish Reformation but ended his career holding Edinburgh castle on behalf of Mary , Queen of Scots and was hanged at the conclusion of a long siege .
Gonzalo O'Farrill y Herrera ( La Habana , Cuba , 1754 -- Paris , 1831 ) was the son of O'Farrill y Arriola , of Irish descent , and was a Spanish administrator in La Habana , Cuba .
The Sousa Archives and Center for American Music at the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign holds the Paul Rolland Papers , which consists of correspondence and publicity , as well as films and audio recordings related to the development of `` The Teaching of Action in String Playing . ''
Cornel Lucas ( born 12 September 1920 in Highbury , London , died 8 November 2012 ) was a British photographer , who as a film still photographer was a pioneer of film portraiture in the 1940s and 1950s .
Anna Maria Achenrainer ( Pfunds , July 5 , 1909 -- Innsbruck , January 14 , 1972 ) was an Austrian writer .
Gustav Trunk ( 24 July 1871 in Waldprechtsweier - 23 April 1936 in Karlsruhe ) was a three - time President of Baden .
Gyula Gózon ( 19 April 1885 , Nové Zámky -- 8 October 1972 , Budapest ) was a Hungarian actor and comedian .
Paul Wendkos ( born September 20 , 1925 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; died November 12 , 2009 in Malibu , California ) was an American television and film director .
Jean Lucienbonnet ( born Lucien Jean Bonnet , January 7 , 1923 in Nice -- died August 19 , 1962 in Enna - Pergusa , Sicily , Italy ) was a racing driver from France , racing and rallying in various series .
Ulrik Huber ( March 13 , 1636 , Dokkum - November 8 , 1694 , Franeker ) , also known as Ulrich Huber or Ulricus Huber , was a professor of law at the University of Franeker and a political philosopher .
Nasreddine Dinet ( born as Alphonse - Étienne Dinet on 28 March 1861 -- 24 December 1929 , Paris ) was a French orientalist painter .
Nellie Quander was born in Washington , D.C. to John Pierson Quander and Hannah Bruce Ford Quander .
David Rijckaert II ( 1586 , Antwerp -- 1642 , Antwerp ) , was a Flemish painter and art dealer active in Antwerp .
Balthasar Riepp ( 22 November 1703 , Kempten - 2 August 1764 in Vils ) was a German - Austrian painter , primarily of religious subjects .
General Corradino D'Ascanio ( February 1 , 1891 in Popoli , Pescara -- August 6 , 1981 in Pisa ) was an Italian aeronautical engineer .
Giovan Paolo Parisio ( 1470 - -1522 ) , who used the classicised pseudonym Aulo Giano Parrasio or Aulus Janus Parrhasius , was a humanist scholar and grammarian from Cosenza , in Calabria in southern Italy .
Sriman Rajadhiraja Raja Paramesvara Praudha - pratapa Apratima - vira Narapati Birud - antembara - ganda Maharaja Sir Krishnaraja Wadiyar III Bahadur ( 14 July 1794 -- 27 March 1868 ) or Krishnaraja wadiyar III ( Kannada : ಮುಮ್ಮಡಿ ಕೃಷ್ಣರಾಜ ಒಡೆಯರ್ ) was the ruling Maharaja of the princely state of Mysore in India .
Gertrude Abbott ( also known as Mother Abbott ; 11 July 1846 -- 12 May 1934 ) was the founder of the former St Margaret 's Hospital in Sydney , Australia .
Andrea Vaccaro ( 8 May 1604 -- 18 January 1670 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , active mostly in Naples in a tenebrist style .
Ali Nazmi ( Azerbaijani : Əli Nəzmi , pen name of Ali Mammadzadeh ( Əli Məmmədzadə ) , 1878 , Sarov -- January 1 , 1946 , Baku ) was an Azerbaijani poet , a representative of the 20th - century Azerbaijani realism and successor of Mirza Alakbar Sabir .
Francisco Antonio de Acuña Cabrera y Bayona ( Spain ; 1597 -- Lima ; 1662 ) was a Spanish , soldier and governor of the Kingdom of Chile between 1650 and 1656 .
Kurt Weitzmann was born in Klein Almerode ( Witzenhausen , near Kassel ) on May 7 , 1904 and died in Princeton , New Jersey on June 7 , 1993 .
John Morressy ( December 8 , 1930 - March 20 , 2006 , Sullivan , New Hampshire ) was a science fiction and fantasy writer and a professor of English at Franklin Pierce College .
Moshe Bejski ( Dzialoszyce , 29 December 1921 -- Tel Aviv , 6 March 2007 ) was an Israeli judge and President of `` Yad Vashem '' 's Righteous Commission .
Jacob Adriaensz Bellevois ( 1621 , Rotterdam -- 1676 , Rotterdam ) , was a Dutch Golden Age painter .
Erich Haase ( January 19 , 1859 , Berlin --April 24 , 1894 , Bangkok ) was a German physician and entomologist .
Otto Luyken ( 4 November 1884 -- 3 February 1953 ) was director of the `` Hesse Tree Nurseries '' ( Baumschulen Hesse ) in Weener , Germany .
Erasmus Grasser ( c. 1450 -- c. 1515 ) was a leading master builder and sculptor in Munich in the early 16th century .
Karl Johann Greith ( b. at Rapperswil , Switzerland , 25 May 1807 ; d. at St. Gallen , 17 May 1882 ) was a Swiss Catholic bishop and church historian .
Demetrios Capetanakis or Kapetanakis or Capetanaces ( Greek : Δημήτριος Καπετανάκης ; 22 January 1912 , Smyrna , -- 9 March 1944 , London ) was a Greek poet , essayist and critic .
Lev Ivanovich Ivanov ( Russian : Лев Ива́нович Ива́нов ; 2 March 1834 , Moscow -- 24 December 1901 , Saint Petersburg ) was a Russian ballet dancer and choreographer and later , Second Balletmaster of the Imperial Ballet .
Geoffrey Crossley ( 11 May 1921 , Baslow , Derbyshire -- 7 January 2002 , Headington , Oxfordshire ) was a British racing driver from England .
Salvatore Pappalardo STD JUD ( 23 September 1918 -- 10 December 2006 ) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who was Archbishop of Palermo for over 25 years , from 1970 to 1996 .
Lucien Arbel worked as a draftsman in Paris , then as an engine fireman and machinist , then as a mine engineer in the mines at Tartaras near Rive - de - Gier .
Radó von Kövesligethy ( in Hungarian usage , Kövesligethy Radó ) ( Verona , Austria , Austro - Hungarian Empire , 1 September 1862 --Budapest , Hungary 11 October 1934 ) , was a Hungarian physicist , astronomer and geophysicist .
Anselmo Fernandez Rodrigues ( 21 August 1918 in Lisbon -- 19 January 2000 in Madrid ) was a Portuguese architect and football manager who led Sporting Clube de Portugal to victory in the UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup in 1964 .
The company was founded in 1981 in Meductic , New Brunswick , Canada , by Robert Zildjian , son of Avedis Zildjian III , the head of the Avedis Zildjian Company located in Quincy , Massachusetts .
Tulia Ciámpoli ( Ballesteros , Córdoba , January 7 , 1915 - Buenos Aires , December 2 , 1981 ) was an Argentine actress , dancer , and violinist of Italian descent .
Alfred Lunt died August 3 , 1977 , nine days before his 85th birthday , in Chicago from cancer .
George Dexter Whitcomb ( May 13 , 1834 -- June 21 , 1914 ) an American manufacturer and founder of the town of Glendora , California .
In addition , Susanne Miller was one of those involved in recreating in Bonn the Philosophical - Political Academy , which re - emerged in 1949 after a sixteen - year hiatus .
Louise Elisabeth of Courland ( 12 August 1646 in Jelgava -- 16 December 1690 in Weferlingen ) was a princess of Courland from the Ketteler family by birth and by marriage Landgravine of Hesse - Homburg .
Shamshi Kaldayakov ( Kazakh : Шәмші Қалдаяқов , Şämşi Qaldayaqov ) ( Russian : Шамши Калдаяков ) ( August 15 , 1937 in Temirlanovka , South Kazakhstan Province -- February 29 , 1992 in Almaty , Kazakhstan , aged 56 ) was a Kazakhstani composer .
Egisto Tango ( 13 November 1873 , in Rome -- 5 October 1951 , in Copenhagen ) was an Italian conductor , whose premieres included The Wooden Prince and Bluebeard 's Castle by Béla Bartók .
Upon his death in Ahrweiler on 31 Jan. 1957 , Christian Hülsmeyer was buried in the North Cemetery at Düsseldorf .
The Right Reverend Stephen McGill PSS ( born Glasgow 4 January 1912 ; died Glasgow 9 November 2005 ) was the sixth Bishop of Argyll and the Isles and second Bishop of Paisley .
Jean - Baptiste Côté was born to Jean - Baptiste Côté and Hélène Grenier in the Saint - Roch parish in the Lower Town of Quebec City .
Elis Regina Carvalho Costa ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( eˈlis ʁeˈʒinɐ ) ; Porto Alegre , March 17 , 1945 -- São Paulo , January 19 , 1982 ) , popularly known as Elis Regina , was a Brazilian singer of popular and Jazz music .
Mia Slavenska ( Slavonski Brod , February 20 , 1916 -- Los Angeles , October 5 , 2002 ) , birth name Mia Čorak , was a Croatian - born American prima ballerina .
Grace Moore died in a plane crash near Copenhagen 's airport on January 26 , 1947 , at the age of 48 .
Hartmut Schairer was killed on 19 July 1942 by Soviet forces over Staraya Russa , Russia , his gunner and fellow Knight 's Cross recipient Oberfeldwebel Heinz Bevernis was also killed .
Carl Heinrich Hermann ( 6 January 1802 , Dresden - 30 April 1880 , Berlin ) was a German fresco - painter .
Franz Weidenreich ( 7 June 1873 , Edenkoben -- 11 July 1948 , New York City ) was a Jewish German anatomist and physical anthropologist who studied evolution .
Roberto Pasca ( 2 April 1821 , in Naples - 11 August 1897 , in Naples ) was a brigadier in the navy of the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies .
Domènec Terradellas ( baptized 13 February 1713 , Barcelona -- 20 May 1751 , Rome ) was a Spanish opera composer .
René Cardona ( October 8 , 1905 , Havana , Cuba -- April 25 , 1988 , Mexico City ) was a director , actor , producer , screenwriter , script writer and film editor in the Golden Age of Mexican cinema .
Dom Henri Quentin was a French Benedictine monk , born 7 October 1872 at Saint - Thierry , died 4 February 1935 at Rome .
Sada Thompson died on May 4 , 2011 , in Danbury , Connecticut , of lung disease , aged 83 .
Waldemar Esteves da Cunha was born in the port city of Santos , Brazil , on August 9 , 1920 .
Michele Sansebastiano or Vincenzo Michelangelo Sansebastiano ( Novi Ligure , September 26 , 1852 -- Genoa , 1908 ) was an Italian sculptor , mainly of terra cotta and stucco .
Denis Vaucher ( February 18 , 1898 -- February 24 , 1993 ) was a cross country skier from Bern , Switzerland who competed in military patrol at the first winter Olympics in Chamonix in 1924 .
Edmond Thomas Quinn ( 1868 , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania -- September 1929 , New York City ) was an American sculptor and painter .
George Pyman ( 1822 - 1900 ) was a British shipping magnate born in Sandsend , in the Scarborough district of North Yorkshire , England .
Giacomo Cantelmo was born in Naples on June 13 , 1645 , the son of Filippo Cantelmo , duke of Popoli and prince of Pettorano , and Beatrice Brancia , duchess of Padula .
Alexander Strauch ( born 1 March 1832 in Saint Petersburg - died 14 August 1893 in Wiesbaden , Germany ) was a Russian naturalist , most notably an herpetologist .
Konrad Bollstatter , also known as Konrad Müller ( born in the 1420s , died 1482/1483 ) was a professional scribe of Augsburg , employed in chancellaries in Öttingen and Höchstädt .
Helmut Schön ( 15 September 1915 in Dresden , Germany -- 23 February 1996 in Wiesbaden , Germany ) was a German football player and manager .
Francesco Griffo ( 1450 - -1518 ) , also called Francesco da Bologna , was a fifteenth - century Venetian punchcutter .
Jan Tomasz Zamoyski ( June 12 , 1912 in Klemensów -- June 29 , 2002 in Warsaw ) was a Polish political activist .
John Darlington Newcomer ( born August 23 , 1867 , Shippensburg , Pennsylvania-- died June 12 , 1931 , Charleston , South Carolina ) was an American architect whose practice focused on Charleston , South Carolina in the early 20th century .
Sigismondo Betti ( Florence , 1699- Florence , after 1777 ) was an Italian painter .
Jean de Brisacier ( b. Blois , France , 9 June 1592 ; d. there , 10 September 1668 ) was a Jesuit controversialist and opponent of Jansenism .
William Odling , FRS ( 5 September 1829 , Southwark , London -- 17 February 1921 , Oxford ) was an English chemist who contributed to the development of the periodic table .
Paul Jules Antoine Meillet ( French : ( ɑ̃twan mɛjɛ ) ; November 11 , 1866 , Moulins , Allier -- September 21 , 1936 , Châteaumeillant ) was one of the most important French linguists of the early 20th century .
Captain Edward John Eliot ( 20 September 1782 Shenstone , Staffordshire -- 6 November 1863 Peckham , Surrey ) was an English soldier .
James W. Naughton ( 1840 - -1898 ) was an American architect , the Superintendent of Buildings for the Board of Education of the City of Brooklyn .
Bekir Sami Günsav ( 1879 ; Bandırma -- 1934 ; Istanbul ) was an officer who servered for the Ottoman Army and Turkish Army .
Ilse Schwidetzky ( married name Rösing , 6 September 1907 in Lissa -- 18 March 1997 in Mainz ) was a German anthropologist .
Enric Casals i Defilló ( Barcelona , July 26 , 1892 - July 31 , 1986 ) , brother of Pablo Casals , was a Catalan violinist , composer and conductor .
Deng Jiaxian ( simplified Chinese : 邓稼先 ; traditional Chinese : 鄧稼先 ; pinyin : Dèng Jiàxiān ; Wade -- Giles : Teng Chia - hsien ) was born on June 25 , 1924 , in Huaining , Anhui province , and died on July 29 , 1986 in Beijing .
José Jerónimo Triana Silva ( May 22 , 1826 in Bogotá -- October 31 , 1890 in Paris ) was a Colombian botanist , explorer , and physician who cataloged over 60,000 specimens representing 8,000 species .
He is buried with his son Marine Corps Captain `` Samuel Mercer '' at Laurel Hill Cemetery Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Nico Richter ( 2 December 1915 , in Amsterdam -- 16 August 1945 , in Amsterdam ) was a Dutch composer .
Karl Siegfried Döhring ( often misspelled Döring ; 14 August 1879 , in Cologne -- 1 June 1941 , in Darmstadt ; also known as Ravi Ravendro ) was a German architect , art historian and archaeologist .
Oskar Baum ( January 21 , 1883 , Pilsen - March 20 , 1941 , Prague ) was a Czech music educator and writer .
Sanya Dharmasakti died at Ramathibodi Hospital , Bangkok on 6 January 2002 .
Léon Gaston Genevier ( 18 June 1830 , Saint - Clément - de - la - Place , near Angers -- 11 July 1880 , Nantes ) was a French pharmacist and botanist .
Joseph Saurin ( 1 September 1659 , Courthézon -- 29 December 1737 , Paris ) was a French mathematician and a converted Protestant minister .
Giuseppe Fietta ( November 6 , 1883 , Ivrea , Piedmont -- October 1 , 1960 ) was an Italian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Apostolic Nuncio to Italy from 1953 to 1958 , and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1958 .
Oscar Schlitter lived in the Berlin quarter of Schwanenwerder , which on German language Monopoly boards before 1933 occupied the square that English players of the game associated with Mayfair .
Julius Fürst ( German : ( fʏɐ̯st ) ; 12 May 1805 , Zerkowo , South Prussia -- 9 February 1873 , Leipzig ) , was a Jewish German orientalist .
Christian Stock ( 28 August 1884 , Darmstadt , Grand Duchy of Hesse -- 13 April 1967 in Seeheim - Jugenheim ) was a German Social Democrat politician and the first Prime Minister--
John Brack was Art Master at Melbourne Grammar School ( 1952 - -62 ) .
Waldemar Milewicz ( August 20 , 1956 , Dobre Miasto , Poland -- May 7 , 2004 , Latifiya , Iraq ) was a Polish journalist and war correspondent .
Božidar Kantušer ( Bozidar Kantuser ) ( December 5 , 1921 , Pavlovski Vrh , Slovenia -- May 9 , 1999 , Paris , France ) was a Slovene composer of classical music .
Francis Sowerby Macaulay FRS ( 11 February 1862 , Witney -- 9 February 1937 , Cambridge ) was an English mathematician who made significant contributions to algebraic geometry .
Charles - Philippe Larivière ( 28 September 1798 , Paris -- 29 February 1876 , Paris ) was a French academic painter and lithographer .
Jean - François - Maxime Raybaud ( June 19 , 1795 La Colle - sur - Loup , -- January 1 , 1894 La Colle - sur - Loup , Alpes - Maritimes ) was a French philhellene officer and writer , and a participant in the War of Independence of Greece .
Del Lord died on March 23 , 1970 in Calabasas , California and is interred in the Olivewood Memorial Park , in Riverside , California .
Thomas Angell ( c.1616 - 1694 ) was one of the four men who wintered with Roger Williams at Seekonk , Plymouth Colony , in early 1636 , and then joined him in founding the settlement of Providence in what became the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations .
Václav Kotva ( January 20 , 1922 , in Radnice , Czechoslovakia -- November 3 , 2004 , in Praha , the Czech Republic ) was a Czech actor .
Jerónimo Rodriguez de Espinosa ( 1562 in Valladolid -- c . 1630 in Valencia ) was a Spanish painter of the Renaissance period active in the region of Valencia .
Jacopo Bartolomeo Beccari ( 25 July 1682 - 18 January 1766 ) was an Italian chemist , one of the leading scientists in Bologna in the first half of the eighteenth century .
Alish Lambaranski ( Azeri : Əliş Cəmil oğlu Ləmbəranski ) ( May 10 , 1914 , Lambaran , Karabakh region -- May 1 , 1999 , Baku)-Soviet and Azerbaijani statesman , mayor of Baku .
Ludwig Chronegk ( 3 November 1837 , Brandenburg an der Havel -- 8 July 1891 , Meiningen ) was a German actor and director .
Roberto Marcolongo ( August 28 , 1862 in Rome -- May 16 , 1943 in Rome ) was an Italian mathematician , known for his research in vector calculus and theoretical physics .
Jacques Viau O.C. , c.r . , LL.L. , LL.D. , ( 1919 - -2003 ) was a Canadian lawyer practising in Montreal , Quebec .
After stations in Bremen , Aachen , Stuttgart and Munich ( National Theatre ) Hugo Reichenberger became 1st `` Kapellmeister '' at the Stadttheater Frankfurt / Main in 1905 where he premiered Richard Strauss ' Salome in 1907 .
Sir Miklós Perczel de Bonyhád ( 15 December 1812 in Bonyhád , Tolna county -- 4 March 1904 in Baja ) , was a Hungarian landholder , general , and one of the leaders of the Hungarian Revolution of 1848 .
Yahya Efendi or Molla Shaykhzadeh ( b. 1494 , Trabzon - d. 1570 , Istanbul ) , Ottoman Islamic scholar , sufi , and poet buried in Beshiktash , Istanbul .
Paolo Buzzi ( 15 February 1874 , Milan -- 18 February 1956 ) was an Italian futurist playwright and poet .
Giovanni Raboni died of a heart attack in Parma in 2004 .
Friedrich Wieseler ( 19 October 1811 in Altencelle -- 3 December 1892 , Göttingen ) was a German classical archaeologist and philologist .
László Rédei ( Rákoskeresztúr , 15 November 1900 - -Budapest , 21 November 1980 ) was a Hungarian mathematician .
Peter Francis Tague ( June 4 , 1871 -- September 17 , 1941 ) was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Boston , Massachusetts .
Around 1923 the movement was called off and Mukunda Das settled with his group in Kolkata .
François de Nomé ( 1593 -- after 1620 ) was a French painter of the Baroque period , active mainly in Naples .
Claude Arrieu ( born Paris , November 30 , 1903 - died Paris , March 7 , 1990 ) was a prolific French composer .
Utilia Lenkiewitz ( née Utilia van Mander ) ( 1711 -- September 23 , 1770 ) was a Danish actress , one of the very first of her profession from Denmark , and a member of the pioneer - troupe of the Royal Danish Theatre .
George Grenfell ( 21 August 1849 , in Sancreed , Cornwall -- 1 July 1906 , in Basoko , Congo Free State ( now the Democratic Republic of the Congo ) ) was a Cornish missionary and explorer .
Andries Vaillant ( 1655 in Amsterdam -- 1693 in Berlin ) , was a Dutch Golden Age engraver and painter .
James Olds ( May 30 , 1922 in Chicago , Illinois - August 21 , 1976 in California ) was an American psychologist who co - discovered the pleasure center of the brain with Peter Milner while he was a postdoctoral fellow at McGill University in 1954 .
Karl Theodor Robert Luther ( April 16 , 1822 -- February 15 , 1900 ) , normally published as Robert Luther , was a German astronomer who searched for asteroids while working in Düsseldorf .
Wolfger von Erla ( c. 1140 -- 23 January 1218 ) , was the Bishop of Passau from 1191 until 1204 , when he became Patriarch of Aquileia .
Yehoshafat Harkabi ( Hebrew : יהושפט הרכבי , born 1921 , Haifa , Israel ; died 1994 , Jerusalem , Israel ) was chief of Israeli military intelligence from 1955 until 1959 and afterwards a professor of International Relations and Middle East Studies at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem .
Milovan Zoričić ( born in Zagreb , 1884 - died in Zagreb , 1971 ) was a Croatian football official and criminal judge .
Hans - Joachim Born ( 8 May 1909 in Berlin -- 15 April 1987 in Munich ) was a German radiochemist trained and educated at the Kaiser - Wilhelm - Institut für Chemie .
Auguste - Joseph Herlin ( 18 August 1815 -- 13 December 1900 ) was a French genre painter from Lille .
Kálmán Darányi de Pusztaszentgyörgy et Tetétlen ( 22 March 1886 in Budapest -- 1 November 1939 in Budapest ) was a Hungarian politician who served as Prime Minister of Hungary from 1936 to 1938 .
Jacob Leyssens ( alternative names : Jacob Lyssens , Nicolaas Leyssens and N. Lyssens and nickname Notenkraker ) ( 1661 , Antwerp - 1710 , Antwerp ) , was a Flemish painter and decorator from the Baroque .
He also produced the shows California 's Communities , California 's Golden Fairs , Downtown , California 's Water , California 's Green , California 's Golden Coast , California 's Golden Parks , Road Trip , Visiting ... with Huell Howser , California Missions , Palm Springs , Our Neighborhoods , The Bench , and various specials .
Richard Spaight Donnell ( September 20 , 1820 -- June 3 , 1867 ) was a Congressional Representative from North Carolina ; born in New Bern , North Carolina ; was the grandson of United States of America Founding Father Richard Dobbs Spaight .
Alexandros Svolos ( Greek : Αλέξανδρος Σβώλος ; 1892 , Krousovo , Manastir Vilayet , Ottoman Empire -- 22 February 1956 , Athens , Greece ) was a prominent Greek legal expert , who also served as president of the Political Committee of National Liberation , a Resistance - based government during the Axis Occupation of Greece .
György Kornis ( February 26 , 1927 in Miskolc - March 27 , 2011 in Budapest ) was a Hungarian painter .
Joseph Bologne , Chevalier de Saint - Georges ( December 25 , 1745 -- June 10 , 1799 ) was a champion fencer , a virtuoso violinist and conductor of the leading symphony orchestra in Paris .
Dennis Brain was born in London to a family already well known for producing fine horn players .
István Abonyi ( 18 August 1886 -- 5 June 1942 ) was a Hungarian chess master , who was born and died in Budapest .
Zygmunt Andrychiewicz ( 1861 , Justynów - 1943 , Warta or Małków ) was a Polish painter of portraits , landscapes and genre scenes .
Andrea Basili ( Città della Pieve , 16 December 1705 -- Loreto , 28 August 1777 ) , was an Italian composer and music theorist .
The mummified body of Huineng is kept in Nanhua Temple in Shaoguan ( northern Guangdong ) .
Moshe Ron ( 1925 , Warsaw , Poland - 2001 , Haifa , Israel ) is an Israeli materials scientist , specializing in metal hydrides .
Herman Naiwincx ( 1623 , Schoonhoven -- 1670 , Hamburg ) , was a Dutch Golden Age landscape painter and printmaker .
Herbert Blankenhorn ( 15 December 1904 in Mülhausen -- 10 August 1991 in Badenweiler ) was a German diplomat .
Jean Joseph Eleonora Antoine Ansiaux ( 1764 in Liège -- 1840 in Paris ) was a historical and portrait painter .
Percy Alexander MacMahon ( born 26 September 1854 , Sliema , Malta -- 25 December 1929 , Bognor Regis , England ) was a mathematician , especially noted in connection with the partitions of numbers and enumerative combinatorics .
Jacobus Cornelis Gaal ( September 5 , 1796 in Oost - Souburg -- December 20 , 1866 in Kampen ) was a Dutch painter and etcher .
Pietro Fregoso ( or Campofregoso ; 1330 -- 22 April 1404 ) was a politician and statesman who became the 13th Doge of Genoa .
Nils - Eric Fougstedt ( 24 May 1910 , in Raisio -- 12 April 1961 , in Helsinki ) was a Finnish conductor and composer .
Ernst Ludwig Taschenberg ( 10 January 1818 in Naumburg ( Saale)--19 January 1898 , Halle ) was a German entomologist .
Kirsten Rolffes ( 20 September 1928 -- 10 April 2000 in Copenhagen ) was a Danish actress , internationally mostly recognized for her role in The Kingdom and Matador .
Erskine Tate ( January 14 , 1895 , Memphis , Tennessee -- December 17 , 1978 , Chicago ) was an American jazz violinist and bandleader .
Franz Xaver Gebauer ( c1784 -- 13 December 1822 ) , born in Prussian Silesia , was an organist , composer of church music , and choirmaster and music director of the Augustinian Church , Vienna .
Robert Galloway died in Scotland on 24 February 1908 at Bridge of Allan , in Stirlingshire .
Francesco Traini was an Italian painter who was documented as working from 1321 to ca 1365 in Pisa and Bologna .
Ercole de ' Roberti ( c. 1451 -- 1496 ) , also known as Ercole Ferrarese or Ercole da Ferrara , was an Italian artist of the Early Renaissance and the School of Ferrara .
Artur Hofmann ( born Plauen 24 June 1907 : died Berlin 4 May 1987 ) was a German politician ( KPD ) .
Hermann Ganswindt ( June 12 , 1856 , Voigtshof bei Seeburg , East Prussia -- October 25 , 1934 , Berlin , Germany ) was a German inventor and spaceflight scientist , whose inventions ( such as the dirigible , the helicopter , and the internal combustion engine ) are thought to have been ahead of his time .
Kurt Redel ( 8 October 1918 in Breslau , Silesia , now Wrocław , Poland -- 12 February 2013 in Munich , Germany ) was a German flautist and conductor .
Gilbert Ovens ( 1884 or 1885 - -17 March 1963 ) was a professional association footballer who played in the Southern League for Bristol Rovers and Queens Park Rangers , as well as being on the books of Football League side Chelsea .
Johannes Cornelis Princen ( November 21 , 1925 in The Hague -- February 22 , 2002 in Jakarta ) , better known as Poncke Princen , was a Dutch anti - Nazi fighter and colonial soldier .
Sam Menning died of emphysema at Providence Saint Joseph Medical Center in Burbank , California , on March 31 , 2010 , at the age of 85 .
Edward Leigh Chase ( 1884 - -1965 ) was an American painter and illustrator , and an early member of the Byrdcliffe experiment which gave rise to the artists ' colony at Woodstock , New York .
Luigi Cevenini ( born 13 March 1895 in Milan ; died 23 July 1968 in Villa Guardia ) was an Italian football player and coach who played as a forward .
A street in Rio de Janeiro bears his name ( Rua Gustavo Corção ) .
Having lived for years in the Connecticut town of Westport , near New York City , Ralph G. Martin moved to the Kendal on Hudson retirement community in another of the city 's suburbs , Sleepy Hollow , where he died seven - and - a - half weeks before his 93rd birthday .
John MacCrate ( March 29 , 1885 in Dumbarton , Scotland -- June 9 , 1976 in Brooklyn , New York ) was a lawyer , a politician , serving as a U.S. Representative from New York , and a justice of the New York Supreme Court .
Francesco Camilliani ( 1530 Florence -- 1586 ) was a Tuscan sculptor of the Renaissance period .
Charles de La Fosse ( or Lafosse ) ( June 16 , 1636 -- December 13 , 1716 ) , French painter , was born in Paris .
Arthur Basil Radford ( 25 June 1897 Chester -- 20 October 1952 London ) was an English character actor who featured in many British films of the 1930s and 1940s .
Angel De Cora contracted pneumonia , and she died in the Cooley Dickinson Hospital in Northampton , Massachusetts on 6 February 1919 .
Feliks Paweł Jarocki ( Pacanów , 14 January 1790 - 25 March 1865 , Warsaw ) was a Polish zoologist and entomologist .
Saint Fina ( 1238 - -1253 ) , or Saint Serafina , was an Italian Christian girl who is venerated in the Tuscan town of San Gimignano .
Anne Joseph Hippolyte de Maurès , Comte de Malartic ( 3 July 1730 , Montauban - 28 July 1800 , Port - Louis , Mauritius ) was a French colonial governor and general , notable for his service in Canada and Mauritius .
Isidoro Falchi ( Montopoli in Val d'Arno , 26 April 1838 -- Campiglia Marittima , 30 April 1914 ) was an Italian doctor and self - taught archaeologist .
Leonardos Philaras was born of Greek origins in Athens in 1595 to a distinguished family .
Castritian ( Latin : Castritianus , Italian : Castriziano ) was Bishop of Milan in mid 3rd - century .
Édgar Morales Pérez was the mayor - elect of Matehuala , San Luis Potosí , Mexico , elected on July 1 , 2012 .
Paul Vredeman de Vries ( Antwerp , 1567 - Amsterdam , 1617 ) , was a Flemish painter and draughtsman who specialised in architectural paintings and , in particular , church interiors .
Manuel Baigorria was born in San Luis de la Punta de los Venados around 1809 , son of Blas Baigorria and Petrona Ledesma .
Jean - Baptiste Alexandre Le Blond ( 1679 -- 10 March 1719 ) was a French architect and garden designer who became the chief architect of Saint Petersburg in 1716 .
Caroline Boussart ( 12 December 1808 , Binche - 2 December 1891 , Bruges ) was a Belgian feminist , journalist and managing director .
Márcio Thomaz Bastos ( born July 30 , 1935 in Cruzeiro , São Paulo -- November 20 , 2014 in São Paulo ) was a Brazilian jurist who served as the Minister of Justice of Brazil from 2003 to 2007 .
His two - volume history of the War of 1812 , running to 928 pages , was republished in 2011 as `` Pierre Berton 's War of 1812 ( Toronto : Anchor Canada , 2011 ) .
Ramiro Ledesma Ramos ( May 23 , 1905 , Alfaraz de Sayago , Zamora -- October 29 , 1936 , Aravaca , Madrid ) was a Spanish national syndicalist politician , essayist , and journalist .
Edmond Gondinet ( March 7 , 1828 ; Laurière -- November 19 , 1888 ; Neuilly - sur - Seine ) was a French playwright and librettist .
Hans Wollschläger ( 17 March 1935 , Minden -- 19 May 2007 , Bamberg ) was a German writer , translator , historian , and editor of German literature .
Louis van Waefelghem ( 13 January 1840 in Bruges -- 19 June 1908 in Paris ) was a Belgian violinist , violist and one of the greatest viola d'amore players of the 19th century .
Rian James ( né Julian Herbert Rothschild ; 3 October 1899 Manhattan , New York -- 26 April 1953 Newport Beach , California ) was an American screenwriter and author .
Carlo Bartolomeo Rastrelli ( 1675 in Florence , Italy -- 18 November 1744 in Saint Petersburg , Russia ) was an Italian sculptor and architect .
Veit Dietrich was born on 8 December 1506 in Nuremberg ; his father was a shoemaker .
He has frequently been confused by later writers with his contemporary Henri Duponchel , at one time director of the Paris Opera , who also studied architecture and has often erroneously been referred to under Charles - Edmond Duponchel 's name .
Natalie Clifford Barney ( October 31 , 1876 -- February 2 , 1972 ) was an American playwright , poet and novelist who lived as an expatriate in Paris .
Hans Ulrich Engelmann ( September 8 , 1921 in Darmstadt - January 8 , 2011 ) was a German composer .
Christer Boustedt ( 21 March 1939 in Bromma -- 4 September 1986 in Alfta , Ovanåker Municipality ) was a Swedish musician and actor .
Diana Turbay Quintero ( March 9 , 1950 -- January 25 , 1991 ) was a Colombian journalist kidnapped by the Medellín Cartel and killed by the Colombia National Police during a rescue attempt .
John Byron died on 10 April 1786 at home in London .
Franziskus von Bettinger ( September 17 , 1850 -- April 12 , 1917 ) was a German Cardinal and Roman Catholic Archbishop of Munich from 1909 to 1917 .
Hans Reidar Holtermann ( born 20 October 1895 in Sokndal , died 25 November 1966 in Bærum ) was a Norwegian military officer .
Sandra Dorne ( born 19 June 1924 in Keighley , West Riding of Yorkshire , died 25 December 1992 in Westminster , London ) was a British actress .
Timothy Abbott Conrad ( June 21 , 1803 in Trenton , New Jersey -- August 9 , 1877 in Trenton ) was an American geologist and malacologist .
Billy Griffith died in Felpham , West Sussex , following a long illness in 1993 , aged 78 .
Vojtěch I of Pernstein ( also known as Adalbert I of Pernstein , Czech : Vojtěch z Pernštejna ; 4 April 1490 at Moravský Krumlov Castle -- 17 March 1534 in Prague ) was a Bohemian nobleman .
Constantin Dobrogeanu - Gherea ( born Solomon Katz ; 1855 , near Yekaterinoslav ( modern Dnipropetrovsk ) , then in Imperial Russia -- 1920 , Bucharest ) was a Romanian Marxist theorist , politician , sociologist , literary critic , and journalist .
Gary Jennings died in February 1999 in Pompton Lakes , New Jersey , aged 70 , from heart failure .
Jānis Kļaviņš ( April 27 , 1933 in Rīga , Latvia -- November 25 , 2008 in Latvia ) was a Latvian chess master who won the Latvian Chess Championship in 1952 .
Jean - Édouard Berthoud ( December 11 , 1846 -- June 21 , 1916 ) , commonly referred to as Jean Berthoud , was born in Neuchâtel and was married to Georgine Léonie Panier .
Alice de Chambrier was born on September 28 , 1861 in Neuchâtel , to Alfred de Chambrier and Sophie de Sandol - Roy , belonging to a family who played some part in public affairs at the time .
Friedrich Albrecht Erlenmeyer ( 9 March 1849 - 7 July 1926 ) was a German physician and psychiatrist born in Bendorf bei Koblenz .
Joan Waste ( 1534 -- 1 August 1556 ) was a blind woman who was burned in Derby for refusing to renounce her Protestant faith .
Mohamed Khider ( Arabic : محمد خضر‎ ) ( March 13 , 1912 , Biskra , Algeria -- January 4 , 1967 , Madrid , Spain ) was an Algerian politician .
Jacques Deray ( February 19 , 1929 in Lyon -- August 9 , 2003 Boulogne - Billancourt ) was a French film director and screenwriter .
Hug de Llupià i Bages ( Roussillon , ? - ? , 1427 ) , was bishop of Tortosa , bishop of Valencia , and a Catalan writer in Latin language .
Pieter Jelles Troelstra ( Leeuwarden , 20 April 1860 -- The Hague , 12 May 1930 ) was a Dutch politician active in the socialist workers ' movement .
Erdal İnönü died in Houston , Texas , USA on 31 October 2007 , where he was being treated for leukaemia .
Charles Rattray Smith ( 1859 - -1941 ) taught in Britain before emigrating to New South Wales , where he taught classics and languages at various public schools .
Justo Justo was a Filipino columnist and Pasay City Councilor .
Şakir Eczacıbaşı served as the chairman of the board of directors of the Istanbul Foundation for Culture and Arts ( IKSV ) succeeding his brother Nejat in this post .
Theodor Hertzka , or Hertzka Tivadar ( July 13 , 1845 , Budapest -- October 22 , 1924 , Wiesbaden ) was a Jewish - Hungarian - Austrian economist and journalist .
George William Featherstonhaugh FRS /ˈfænˌʃɔː/ ( London , 9 April 1780 -- Le Havre , 28 September 1866 ) was a British - American geologist and geographer .
Bert Johan Ouëndag , often recorded as B.J. Ouëndag , ( December 1 , 1861 in Amsterdam - September 21 , 1932 in Amsterdam ) was an architect from the Netherlands .
Samuel Jennings or Samuel Jenings was born in England and died in Burlington , New Jersey , in 1708 .
Mátyás Biró , also known as Matthias Dévay ( b. Déva n.d . ; d. Debrecen 1547 ) , was a Protestant Reformer who has been called the `` Luther of Hungary . ''
Thomas Girtin was born in Southwark , London , the son of a well - to - do brushmaker of Huguenot descent .
Georges Ulmer was born with the given name , Jørgen Frederik Ulmer , on 16 February 1919 at Copenhagen , Denmark and died on 29 September 1989 at Marseille , Bouches - du - Rhône , France .
Jean Jules Linden ( born 12 February 1817 Luxembourg - died 12 January 1898 Brussels ) , was a Belgian botanist and explorer , horticulturist and businessman , specialising in orchids , on which subject he wrote a number of books .
Camillo Boccaccino ( Italian : ( bokkatˈtʃiːno ) ; 1511 -- 4 January 1546 ) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period , active mainly in Cremona and regions of Lombardy .
Amos Lawrence ( 22 April 1786 , Groton , Massachusetts -- 31 December 1852 , Boston , Massachusetts ) was an American merchant and philanthropist .
According to writings of the period , Thomas Heywood had been living in Clerkenwell since 1623 and it was there , at St. James 's Church that he was buried eighteen years later .
Oswald Achenbach ( 2 February 1827 -- 1 February 1905 ) was a German painter associated with the Düsseldorf school of painting .
Frédéric Boissonnas ( 1858 - -1946 ) was a Swiss photographer born in Geneva 18 June 1858 .
Kurt Lüthi ( October 31 , 1923 -- June 11 , 2010 ) was a Swiss Reformed theologian and a professor at the University Vienna .
Walter Gramatté ( 8 January 1897 in Berlin -- 9 February 1929 in Hamburg ) was a German expressionist painter who specialized in magic realism .
Arcangeli died the following year at Monza , during the tests for the Italian Grand Prix , while driving an Alfa Romeo Tipo A. Arcangeli was killed in Monza while driving Alfa Romeo Tipo A. A Scuderia Luigi Arcangeli was created to honor Luigi Arcangeli name .
Anzia Yezierska died November 21 , 1970 of a stroke in a nursing home in Ontario , California .
Born to Rudolf and Theresa Peyerl on August 11 , 1983 , Martin Peyerl and his sister Daniela lived with their parents on a busy street in Bad Reichenhall , Germany .
Adolf Ellegard Jensen ( 1 January 1899 in Kiel - 20 May 1965 in Mammolshain , Taunus ) was one of the most important German ethnologists of the first half of the 20th century .
António Maria Baptista , GCTE ( Beja , 5 January 1866 - Lisbon , 6 June 1920 ; Portuguese pronunciation : ( ɐ̃ˈtɔniu mɐˈɾiɐ baˈtiʃtɐ ) ) was a Portuguese military officer and politician .
sell everything to move first to Turin , and then to Nice where her sister had a guesthouse . Maria Perini passed away in Nice in 1938 .
Marie Louis Adolphe Guillaumat ( January 4 , 1863 -- Nantes , May 18 , 1940 ) was a French Army general during World War I.
The Norman Guitmund ( died c. 1090 - -1095 ) , Bishop of Aversa , was a Benedictine monk who was an opponent of the teachings of Berengar of Tours .
Marino Zorzi ( c. 1231 -- July 3 , 1312 ) , born in Venice , was the 50th Doge of the Republic of Venice , from August 23 , 1311 to his death .
Virgilio Lazzari ( 20 April 1887 , Assisi -- 4 October 1953 , Castel Gandolfo ) was an Italian operatic bass who had an active international performance career from 1908 to 1953 .
Kurt Latte ( 9 March 1891 , Königsberg -- 8 June 1964 , Tutzing ) was a German philologist and classical scholar known for his work on ancient Roman religion .
Giovanni Valentino Gentile ( c.1520 in Scigliano -- 10 September 1566 in Bern ) was an Italian humanist and non - trinitarian .
Francesco Fontebasso ( 4 October 1707 -- 31 May 1769 ) was an Italian painter of the late - Baroque or Rococo period of Venice .
Franz Anton von Zauner ( 5 July 1746/48 , Falpetan i m Oberinntal , Tyrolia - 3 March 1822 , Vienna ) was an Austrian sculptor who worked in the Neoclassical style .
Jenny Hirsch ( 25 November 1829 in Zerbst -- 10 March 1902 in Berlin ) was a German author and reformer .
Jacob Ephraim Polzin ( 1778 -- 18 November 1851 ) was a German Neoclassical architect active in Bremen , Germany .
Konrad Ludwig Georg Baring ( 8 March 1773 , Hannover - 27 February 1848 , Wiesbaden , during a spa treatment ) was an officer in the army of the Electorate of Hanover and the British army 's King 's German Legion .
Augustin Lanner ( 23 January 1835 , Vienna -- 27 September 1855 , Vienna ) , sometimes known as August Lanner , was an Austrian composer , the son of the better - known Josef Lanner .
Willy Schneider ( born 5 September 1905 in Cologne ; died 12 January 1989 in Cologne ) was a German schlager singer .
Gustav Suits ( 30 November ( O.S. 18 November ) 1883 in Võnnu , Tartu County , Livonia -- 23 May 1956 in Stockholm , Sweden ) is considered one of the greatest Estonian poets .
Veríssimo Correia Seabra ( February 16 , 1947 -- October 6 , 2004 ) was a Guinea - Bissau general , known for leading a coup that deposed Kumba Ialá on September 14 , 2003 .
Alfons Karpiński ( Rozwadów near Tarnobrzeg , 20 February 1875 -- 6 June 1961 , Kraków , Poland ) was a Polish painter specializing in portraits of women , still - life and foreign landscape of Italy and France .
Elisabeth Furse ( 30 August 1910 - -14 October 2002 ) was a Communist activist , World War II resistance escape route organizer , London bistro proprietress , and an early member of the Association of Cinematograph and Television Technicians ( ACCT ) .
Alexander Godley died at the age of 90 in a rest home at Oxford on 6 March 1957 .
Rodolfo Nieto Labastida ( July 13 , 1936 in Oaxaca -- June 24 , 1985 in Mexico City ) was a Mexican painter of the Oaxacan School ( apprenticed under Diego Rivera , later served him as an assistant ) .
Johann Heinrich Alfred Escher vom Glas , known as Alfred Escher ( 20 February 1819 in Zurich -- 6 December 1882 in Zurich / Enge ) was a Swiss politician , business leader and railways pioneer .
Henry Lerolle ( 3 October 1848 -- 22 April 1929 ) was a French painter , art collector and patron , born in Paris .
Johann Veit ( 17 June 1852 , Berlin -- 2 June 1917 near Schierke ) was a German gynecologist .
Ogden Mills died of pneumonia on January 29 , 1929 at the family home in New York City .
Maria Wirtemberska , also known as Maria Anna Princess Czartoryska , Duchess von Württemberg - Montbéliard ( March 15 , 1768 , Warsaw -- October 21 , 1854 , Paris ) , was a Polish noble lady , writer , and philanthropist .
Dennis Woodhead ( 12 June 1925 -- 26 July 1995 ) was a professional footballer whose career lasted from 1947 until 1959 during which time he played for Sheffield Wednesday , Chesterfield , Derby County and Southport .
Johann Joachim Bellermann ( September 23 , 1754 -- October 25 , 1842 ) was a German Hebraist and professor of theology at Berlin University .
Enrica Calabresi graduated from the University of Florence in natural sciences on 1 July 1914 with a thesis on the hedgehog , Sul comportamento del condrioma nel pancreas e nelle ghiandole salivari del riccio durante il letargo invernale e l’attività estiva .
Gid Tanner was born at Thomas Bridge near Monroe , Georgia .
George Kay ( 21 September 1891 -- 18 April 1954 ) was an English football player and manager of West Ham Utd , Luton Town , Southampton and Liverpool .
Grete Wiesenthal ( December 9 , 1885 , Vienna - June 22 , 1970 , Vienna ) was a member of the corps de ballet of the Hofoper in Vienna .
Johann Sahulka ( born 25 February 1857 , Deutsch - Wagram - 8 October 1927 , Vienna ) was an Austrian scientist and professor of electrical engineering at Vienna University of Technology .
Pina Carmirelli ( 23 January 1914 in Varzi -- 26 February 1993 in Capena ) was an Italian violinist .
William Turner Dannat died in 1929 , aged 75 , while at Monte Carlo .
Willem van Heythuysen ( 1590s -- 1650 ) , was a Dutch cloth merchant and hofje founder in Haarlem and Weert .
Gaston Brière ( 1 December 1871 , 11th arrondissement of Paris -- 22 June 1962 , 16th arrondissement of Paris ) was a French art historian and head curator of France 's national museums .
Jacques du Broeucq was born and died in Mons and is perhaps best known as the teacher of Giambologna in Antwerp .
Charlotte von Hagn ( born 23 March 1809 , Munich ; died 23 April 1891 , Munich ) was a German actress of the Biedermeier - era .
Nils Christoffer Dunér ( Billeberga , Malmöhus län May 21 , 1839 -- Stockholm November 10 , 1914 ) was a Swedish astronomer .
Miroslav Vlach ( October 19 , 1935 in Český Těšín , Czechoslovakia -- December 8 , 2001 in Ostrava , Czech Republic ) was an ice hockey player who played for the Czechoslovak national team .
Evangelos Averoff - Tositsas ( Greek : Ευάγγελος Αβέρωφ Τοσίτσας ) ( Trikala , April 17 , 1910 -- Athens , January 2 , 1990 ) son of Anastasios , was a distinguished right - wing Greek politician of Aromanian origin and author of several books on political and historical topics .
Władysław Strzemiński ( Belarusian : Уладыслаў Страмінскі ; 21 November 1893 , Minsk -- 28 December 1952 , Łódź ) was a Polish avant - garde painter of international renown .
After the Civil War , James Cantey returned to his plantation near Fort Mitchell , Alabama .
Ma Lik , GBS , JP ( b. 23 February 1952 , Guangzhou , Guangdong , China -- d. 8 August 2007 ) , was a Legislative Councillor , and was the Chairman of the Democratic Alliance for Betterment of Hong Kong ( DAB ) , a pro - Beijing political party in Hong Kong .
Salvatore Postiglione ( Naples , December 20 , 1861 -- Naples , November 28 , 1906 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of portraits , and historic and genre subjects , in a Realist style .
Adolf von Koenen ( 21 March 1837 , Potsdam -- 5 May 1915 , Göttingen ) was a German geologist best remembered for his paleontological research of northern Germany .
Marc Behm ( 12 January 1925 , Trenton , New Jersey -- 12 July 2007 , Fort - Mahon - Plage , France ) was an American novelist , actor and screenwriter , who lived as an expatriate in France .
Anton Janson ( January 17 , 1620 , Wanden / Wauden ? in Friesland - November 18 , 1687 , Leipzig ) was a Dutch type founder and printer .
Boyd Robert Horsbrugh ( 27 July 1871 Poona - 11 July 1916 England ) was an English ornithologist and military man , best known for his 1912 book The Gamebirds and Waterfowl of South Africa , a collaborative work with Claude Gibney Finch - Davies .
Alfred Thieme ( 1830 -- 1906 ) was a German industrialist and art collector from Leipzig .
Whip Wilson ( born Roland Charles Meyers June 16 , 1911 , Granite City , Illinois -- October 22 , 1964 , Los Angeles , California ) was an American cowboy film star of the late 1940s and into the 1950s , known for his roles in B - westerns .
Leonard James Rogers FRS ( 30 March 1862 , Oxford , England , -- 12 September 1933 , Oxford , England ) was a British mathematician who was the first to discover the Rogers--
Marcantonio Genua ( 1491 - -1563 ) ( Marco Antonio Passeri ) was a Renaissance Aristotelian philosopher who taught at the University of Padua .
Giovanni di Paolo di Grazia ( c. 1403 - -1482 ) was an Italian painter , working primarily in Siena .
Claudio Brindis de Salas Garrido ( Claudio José Domingo Brindis de Salas Garrido , Havana , Cuba , 4 August 1852 -- Buenos Aires , Argentina 1 June 1911 ) was a Cuban concert violinist .
Gustav Eduard Becker ( May 2 , 1819 in Oels , Silesia - September 17 , 1885 in Berchtesgaden ) was a German clockmaker and founder of the brand Gustav Becker .
Eugène Protot , born in the French town Carisey in the province of Yonne , on 27 January 1839 and died in Paris 17 February 1921 was a political figure during the Paris Commune .
Stanisław Gronkowski ( 8 January 1922 , Radom -- 20 May 2004 , Kraków ) was a Polish actor who performed at the Rhapsodic Theatre and the Old Theatre of Heleny Modrzejewski in Kraków .
Gustav Hollaender ( 15 February 1855 in Leobschütz -- 4 December 1915 in Berlin ) was a German violinist , conductor and composer .
Mikhail Nikolayevich Kedrov ( Михаил Николаевич Кедров ; 2 January 1894 - 22 March 1972 ) was a Soviet stage director , actor and theatrical educator who managed the Moscow Art Theatre between 1946 and 1955 .
Karel Vítězslav Mašek ( 1 September 1865 , Prague - 24 July 1927 , Prague ) was a Czech painter , architect , illustrator and art professor .
Donald Sadler died at Bexhill - on - Sea , East Sussex , on 24 October 1987 .
Lucia of Syracuse ( 283 - -304 ) , also known as Saint Lucy , or Saint Lucia ( Italian : Santa Lucia ) , was a young Christian martyr who died during the Diocletianic Persecution .
Benigna Marie of Reuss - Ebersdorf ( 15 December 1695 in Ebersdorf -- 31 July 1751 in Pottiga ) was a German hymn writer and a titular Countess of Reuss .
Károly Antal ( 1909 - 1994 , Budapest ) was a twentieth century Hungarian sculptor .
Belisario Acquaviva , Duca di Nardò ( c. 1464 -- 24 July 1528 ) was an Italian nobleman and writer from the Kingdom of Naples .
Hilary Tindall died at her home in Selborne , Hampshire , in 1992 , aged 54 , after losing a 6-year battle against bowel cancer .
John Cheever Cowdin ( March 17 , 1889 - September 16 , 1960 ) was an American financier and polo champion who was a head of Universal Pictures , Standard Capital Corporation of New York City , and was chairman of Ideal Chemicals .
Nikephoros I or Nicephorus I , also Logothetes or Genikos ( Greek : Νικηφόρος Α΄ , Nikēphoros I , `` Bringer of Victory '' ; died July 26 , 811 ) , was Byzantine Emperor from 802 to 811 AD , when he was killed in the Battle of Pliska .
Samuel Enderby Junior ( 1756 - -1829 ) was one of three sons of Samuel Enderby ( 1717 - -1797 ) and his wife Mary , née Buxton , a daughter of Enderby 's partner at St Paul 's Wharf , London .
Cilla Black died on 1 August 2015 after a fall in her villa in Estepona , Spain .
John Tasker Howard ( November 30 , 1890 in Brooklyn , New York -- November 20 , 1964 in West Orange , New Jersey ) was an early American music historian , radio host , writer , lecturer , and composer .
Ernst Borchert was killed on 1 May 1945 in Drolshagen .
Franz Hofer ( November 27 , 1902 in Bad Hofgastein -- February 18 , 1975 in Mülheim an der Ruhr ) was , in the time of the Third Reich , the Nazi Gauleiter of the Tyrol and Vorarlberg .
Pedro Luis Brión ( July 6 , 1782 , Curaçao -- September 27 , 1821 , Curaçao ) was a military officer who fought in the Venezuelan War of Independence .
Robert Vallis ( born 1876 in England , UK - died 19 December 1932 in Brighton , Sussex ) was a British actor .
Domenico Battaglia ( Naples , 1842 -- Naples , 1904 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of interior vedute .
Saint Ansgar ( 8 September 801 -- 3 February 865 ) , also known as Anskar or Saint Anschar , was a Germanic Archbishop of Hamburg - Bremen .
Louis Jacobsohn - Lask ( 2 March 1863 , Bromberg -- 17 May 1941 , Sevastopol ) was a German neurologist and neuroanatomist .
Johannes Kleiman ( 17 August 1896 , Koog aan de Zaan -- 28 January 1959 , Amsterdam ) was one of the Dutch citizens who helped hide Anne Frank and her family during the Nazi occupation of the Netherlands .
Johann Melchior Dinglinger ( 26 December 1664 --6 March 1731 ) was one of Europe 's greatest goldsmiths , whose major works for the elector of Saxony , Augustus the Strong , survived in the Grünes Gewölbe ( the `` Green Vaults '' ) , Dresden .
Isaac Newton Lewis ( October 12 , 1858 , New Salem , Pennsylvania -- November 9 , 1931 , Hoboken , New Jersey ) was a United States Army officer and the inventor of the Lewis Gun .
Stefano Scodanibbio ( 18 June 1956 in Macerata -- 8 January 2012 in Cuernavaca ) was an Italian musician who reached international prominence as a double bassist and composer .
( Jean - Pierre Poirier , Ambroise Paré , Paris , 2006 , p. 42 . )
Vuk Obradović ( April 11 , 1947 in the village of Kondželj , Serbia -- February 13 , 2008 in Belgrade ) was a Serbian general and politician .
Prof . Dr. Oskar Naegeli ( born February 25 , 1885 in Ermatingen -- died November 19 , 1959 in Fribourg ) , was a Swiss dermatologist and chess master .
Leonid Brailovsky ( Brailovskii ) ( 23 May 1867 , Kharkiv , now Ukraine -- July 7 , 1937 , Rome , Italy ) was a Russian architect , artist , designer , decorator , teacher and a member of Russian apostolate in the Diaspora .
Antonio Solario ( active perhaps 1502 - -1518 ) , also known as Lo Zingaro ( The Gypsy ) was an Italian painter of the Venetian school , who worked in Naples , the Marche and possibly England .
Friedrich Weißler ( born 28 April 1891 in Königshütte , Upper Silesia ; died 19 February 1937 at Sachsenhausen concentration camp ) was a German lawyer and judge .
Howard Buffett was born in Omaha , Nebraska to Henrietta Duvall Buffett and Ernest P. Buffett , owners of a grocery business .
John Byrom or John Byrom of Kersal or John Byrom of Manchester FRS ( 29 February 1692 -- 26 September 1763 ) was an English poet , the inventor of a revolutionary system of shorthand and later a significant landowner .
Wolfgang Krege ( born 1 February 1939 , Berlin ; died 13 April 2005 , Stuttgart ) was a German author and translator .
Leopold Kupelwieser ( 17 October 1796 , Markt Piesting - 17 November 1862 , Vienna ) was an Austrian painter , often associated with the Nazarene movement
Baron Herman Severin Løvenskiold ( 30 July 1815 -- 5 December 1870 ) was a Norwegian composer , most noted for his score for August Bournonville 's 1836 version of the ballet La Sylphide for the Royal Danish Ballet in Copenhagen .
Gyula Kakas ( 1876 -- February 25 , 1928 in Budapest ) was a Hungarian gymnast .
Eugene Ormandy ( November 18 , 1899 -- March 12 , 1985 ) was a Hungarian - born conductor and violinist who became internationally famous as the music director and conductor of the Philadelphia Orchestra .
Lolita Sevilla died on 16 December 2013 , aged 78 , at the Hospital General Universitario Gregorio Marañón in Madrid .
Kurt Gerstenberg ( July 23 , 1886 , Chemnitz − November 2 , 1968 , Würzburg ) was a German art historian , a pupil of Heinrich Wölfflin .
Disma Fumagalli ( born Inzago , 8 September 1826 - died Milan , 9 March 1893 ) was an Italian composer and teacher of music .
Claudia Jennings ( Mary Eileen Chesterton , December 20 , 1949 , Saint Paul , Minnesota -- October 3 , 1979 , Malibu , California ) was an American model and actress .
Freidank may have died in 1233 , if he was the magister Fridancus whose death was reported in the annals of the Cistercian monastery at Kaisheim .
François - Joseph Navez ( Charleroi , 1787 -- Brussels , 1869 ) was a Belgian neo - classical painter .
Heinrich Schenkl ( 29 January 1859 , Innsbruck -- 3 December 1919 , Vienna ) was an Austrian classical philologist .
Achille Rivarde ( 31 October 1865 -- 31 March 1940 ) was an American - born British violinist and teacher , who worked mainly in Europe and London .
Giovanni Carta , also known as John Carta ( Alghero , January 7 , 1946 -- Sacramento , September 29 , 1990 ) , was an Italian American airman and parachutist , veteran of the Vietnam War .
Karl - Maria Kertbeny or Károly Mária Kertbeny ( born Karl - Maria Benkert ) ( Vienna , February 28 , 1824 -- Budapest , January 23 , 1882 ) was an Austrian - born Hungarian journalist , memoirist , and human rights campaigner .
Aldo Locatelli ( Bergamo , August 18 , 1915 -- Porto Alegre , September 3 , 1962 ) was an Italian - Brazilian painter .
Reverend Ferdinand Kittel ( Kannada : ಫರ್ಡಿನ್ಯಾಂಡ್ ಕಿಟ್ಟೆಲ್ ) ( 7 April 1832 in Resterhafe , East Frisia -- 18 December 1903 in Tübingen ) was a priest and indologist with the Basel Mission in south India and worked in Mangalore , Madikeri and Dharwad in Karnataka .
Alexandre Istrati ( 1915 in Dorohoi , Romania -- 1991 in Paris , France ) was a Franco - Romanian painter .
Otto Katz , also known as André Simone amongst other aliases , was born in Jistebnice south of Prague , Bohemia , on May 27 , 1895 .
Josiah Sutherland ( June 12 , 1804 Stissing , Dutchess County , New York -- May 25 , 1887 New York City ) was an American lawyer and politician from New York .
Diego Mazquiarán ( born February 19 , 1895 in Sestao , Vizcaya , Spain -- died May 19 , 1940 in Lima , Peru ) , often called simply Fortuna , was a Spanish matador .
Sadegh Sharafkandi ( Kurdish : Sadiq Şerefkendî ; 11 January 1938 Bukan -- 17 September 1992 Berlin ) was a Kurdish political activist and the Secretary - General of the Kurdistan Democratic Party of Iran ( PDKI ) .
Robert Leffler ( 9 January 1866 , Aschersleben -- 15 March 1940 , Berlin ) was a German actor and singer .
Ibrahim ibn Sinan ibn Thābit ibn Qurra ( born : 295 - 296 A.H/908 A.D in Baghdad , died : 334 - 335 A.H/ 946 A.D in Baghdad , aged 38 ) was a Syriac speaking Muslim from Harran in northern Mesopotamia / Assyria , the grandson of Thābit ibn Qurra .
Thomas E. Murray died on July 21 , 1929 , at `` Wickapogue '' , his summer estate in Southampton , Long Island , New York .
Heinz Schenk ( December 11 , 1924 in Mainz ; May 1 , 2014 in Wiesbaden ) was a German television moderator and actor .
Gabriele Sforza ( born Carlo Sforza , 1423 - -1457 ) , was a member of the Augustinian Order who served as Archbishop of Milan from 1445 to his death in 1457 .
Marcelo Sánchez Sorondo ( born 8 September 1942 ) is an Argentine Catholic bishop and the current Chancellor of the Pontifical Academy of Sciences and the Pontifical Academy of Social Sciences .
Karin Scheele ( born July 22 , 1968 in Baden bei Wien ) is an Austrian social democratic politician and was a member of the European Parliament from 1999 till 2008 .
Marco Antonio Firebaugh ( October 13 , 1966 -- March 21 , 2006 ) was a Democratic member of the California State Assembly from 1998 until 2004 .
Connie Pillich is a former Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives , representing the 28th District since 2009 .
Derrick Seaver is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives , representing the 78th District from 2001 - 2006 .
Little is known of Giustiniani 's immediate family but it seems certain there was some form of familial link to Olimpia Giustiniani , her grandmother Olimpia Maidalchini and grand - uncle Giovanni Battista Pamphili ( later Pope Innocent X who elevated Orazio Giustiniani to cardinal ) .
Hugh O'Brien ( July 13 , 1827 -- August 1 , 1895 ) was the 31st mayor of Boston , from 1884 - -1888 .
Claude Bouhier de Lantenay ( Dijon , 19 October 1681 -- Dijon , 19 June 1755 ) was a French clergyman and the second bishop of Dijon after his uncle Jean Bouhier .
Picrochole is a stereotypical bad king , whom Rabelais seeks to deride by putting him in apposition to the good king , represented by Grandgousier , Gargantua 's father .
Vasudeva I ( Kushan : ΒΑΖΟΔΗΟ `` Bazodeo '' , Chinese : 波調 `` Bodiao '' ) was a Kushan emperor , last of the `` Great Kushans . ''
Steve Pecher ( born St. Louis , Missouri ) is a retired U.S. soccer defender who is currently the Director of the St. Louis / Busch Soccer Club .
Savvas Siatravanis ( born 24 November 1992 in Larissa ) is a Greek attacking midfielder , playing for Iraklis in the Greek Football League .
Cristian Hăisan ( born 3 March 1981 in Iaşi , Romania ) is a Romanian former football goalkeeper .
Alex Afonso ( born 24 March 1981 in Jaú , São Paulo ) was a Brazilian football ( soccer ) forward .
John Nusum is a retired Bermudan football defender who spent two seasons in the North American Soccer League and at least one in the Major Indoor Soccer League .
Naing Lin Oo ( Burmese : နိုင်လင်းဦး ; born 15 June 1993 ) is a footballer from Burma , and a midfielder for Myanmar national football team . He played for Myanmar U-22 in 2013 AFC U-22 Asian Cup qualification He currently plays for Ayeyawady United in Myanmar National League .
Yirlania Arroyo Fonseca ( born May 28 , 1986 in Springfield , New Jersey ) is a Costa Rican international footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for the Costa Rica women 's national team .
Fata Salkunič is a currently unattached Slovenian football midfielder , currently playing for USV Jena in the German Bundesliga .
Oleksiy Kazakov ( Ukrainian : Олексій Олегович Казаков , born 22 February 1990 in Mariupol , Donetsk Oblast , Ukrainian SSR ) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who plays for KS Bystrzyca Kąty Wrocławskie in the III liga ( Poland ) .
Iltaf Ahmed ( born on 2 December 1979 ) is a British Pakistani footballer , who was the number one goalkeeper of Pakistan national football team .
Identity Pieces ( French : Pièces d'identités ) is a 1998 Belgian / French / Congolese comedy film written and directed by Mweze Ngangura .
Pattanakke Banda Pathniyaru ( Kannada : ಪಟ್ಟಣಕ್ಕೆ ಬಂದ ಪತ್ನಿಯರು ) is a 1980 Indian Kannada film , directed by A. V. Sheshagiri Rao and produced by S. D. Ankalagi , B. H. Chandannanawar , M. G. Hublikar and Surendra Ingle .
Bansuri Guru is a 2013 Indian documentary film about the life of classical instrumentalist Pandit Hariprasad Chaurasia .
Champion Thomas is a 1990 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Rex and produced by Rex .
Zift ( Bulgarian : `` Дзифт '' , `` Dzift '' ) is 2008 black - and - white Bulgarian film that combines neo - noir and black comedy with socialist retro motifs ; it is based on Vladislav Todorov 's 2006 eponymous novel who also wrote the script .
Worm War I an Atari 2600 game written by David Lubar and published by 20th Century Fox in 1982 .
Silsiilay ( Hindi : सिलसिले ) is a 2005 Hindi romance film written and directed by Khalid Mohammed .
The Encyclopædia Britannica Eleventh Edition ( 1910 - -1911 ) is a 29-volume reference work , an edition of the Encyclopædia Britannica .
Jackass 3D ( also known as Jackass 3 ) is a 2010 American 3D adult comedy film and the third film in the Jackass film series .
En la ardiente oscuridad ( In the Burning Darkness ) is a 1958 Argentine film based on a play of the same name by Antonio Buero Vallejo .
At the 2012 Kerala State Film Awards , Kaliyachan received three awards --
A Matter of Hair is a 2004 11-minute comedy film written and directed by Ana Torres - Alvarez .
An early version of Good Morning Karachi was presented in 2013 in India at the 15th Mumbai Film Festival , in Sweden at the Goteborg International Film Festival , and in the United States at the 3rd i South Asian Film Festival in San Francisco and the South Asian International Film Festival in New York .
Your Name Here ( formerly Panasonic ) is a 2008 American surreal dramatic fantasy biopic loosely based on the life of Philip K. Dick .
Paris , je t'aime ( French pronunciation : ​(paʁi ʒə tɛm ) ; Paris , I love you ) is a 2006 anthology film starring an ensemble cast of actors of various nationalities .
Do n't Change the Subject is a 2012 documentary film executive produced and directed by Mike Stutz , focusing on suicide and attempts to deal with the subject more directly through the use of humor and the arts as well as interviews .
Nakkare Ade Swarga ( Kannada : ನಕ್ಕರೆ ಅದೇ ಸ್ವರ್ಗ ) is a 1967 Indian Kannada film , directed by M. R. Vittal and produced by Srikanth Nahatha and Srikanth Patel .
Olives and Their Oil is a 1914 educational short film about the production of olive oil .
Veeramum Eeramum is a Tamil language film directed by Sanjay Ram , which released on 5 October 2007 .
Over 21 is a 1945 comedy film about a wife who supports her husband 's decision to enlist in the army for World War II over the objections of his boss .
Garfield Gets Real ( also known as Garfield 3D in some regions ) is a 2007 American CGI movie starring Garfield .
Originally broadcast from 2002 to 2007 , Kim Possible was Disney Channel 's longest - running original animated series until it was surpassed by Phineas and Ferb , but still remains unique for being given one more season after the finale movie due to fan demand .
Shwaas ( Marathi : श्‍वास , The Breath ) is a Marathi film , released in 2004 .
The Rise of the Meritocracy is a satirical essay by British sociologist and politician Michael Young which was first published in 1958 .
Blood Knights was released on 1 November 2013 for the Xbox 360 , 13 November 2013 for the PC , and 19 November 2013 for the PlayStation 3 , with an ESRB rating of Mature .
Hugo Troll Race is a free - to - play endless runner video game in the Hugo franchise , developed by Hugo Games and published by Krea Medie in 2012 .
Heartbeeps is a 1981 romantic sci - fi comedy film about two robots who fall in love and decide to strike out on their own .
Some More of Samoa was filmed on May 12 - -15 , 1941 .
The Beckoning Silence is a 2007 British television film that follows and retraces the unsuccessful attempt to scale the north face of the Eiger led by Toni Kurz in 1936 .
Spirit of the Wind ( or Attla ) is a 1979 American film directed by Ralph Liddle .
Being Caribou is a 2005 documentary film that chronicles the travels of husband and wife Karsten Heuer and Leanne Allison following the migration of the Porcupine caribou Herd , in order to explore the Arctic Refuge drilling controversy .
Plays Metallica by Four Cellos is the debut album by Finnish metal band Apocalyptica , released in 1996 .
Sleeping Acres is a 1921 American film starring Australian actor Snowy Baker .
Do n't Answer the Phone ! is a 1980 low - budget cult classic horror thriller film directed by Robert Hammer , written by Hammer and Michael D. Castle .
Ponga Pandit is 1975 Hindi movie produced by Surinder Kapoor and directed by Prayag Raj .
Toccata for Toy Trains is a 1957 short film by Charles and Ray Eames , one of several films ( including Powers of Ten , made many years later ) the husband - and - wife design team made during their career .
Lying Eyes is a 1996 television film starring Cassidy Rae , Vincent Irizarry , Allison Smith and Jamie Rose .
Billy Childish Is Dead is a 2005 rock n '' roll themed documentary on the life of Billy Childish .
High Security Vacation ( Russian : Каникулы строгого режима ) is a 2009 Russian comedy film directed by Igor Zaytsev .
Mel Foster and the Demon Butler has been published by Egmont Publishing in August 2015 .
Gun Grit is a 1936 American film directed by William Berke .
Attack of the 60 Foot Centerfold is a 1995 satirical science fiction film starring J.J. North , Ted Monte , Tammy Parks , Raelyn Saalman , Nikki Fritz , John LaZar , Michelle Bauer , Tim Abell , and Jay Richardson .
The first film in the series , Lesbian Seductions 01 , was released in 2005 .
The Bad Lord Byron is a 1949 British historical drama film centered on the life of Lord Byron .
Frozen Kiss is a 2009 American drama film , supposedly based on a true story .
To Fili Tis Zois ( Greek : Το φιλί της ζωής ) is a 2007 film directed by Nick Zapatina . This film is known for its soundtrack , written and produced by Nick Zapatina ( see To Fili Tis Zois ( soundtrack ) ) .
Sri Ramanjaneya Yuddha ( Kannada : ಶ್ರೀ ರಾಮಾಂಜನೇಯ ಯುದ್ಧ ) is a 1963 Indian Kannada film , directed by M. S. Nayak .
Do Jhoot is a 1975 Bollywood romance film directed by Jitu Thakar .
Rachel River is a 1987 comedy - drama film about a young journalist who returns to her Minnesota home town to reexamine her life .
Who 's Guilty ? is a 1945 American film serial .
Johnny Dangerously is a 1984 American parody of 1930s ' crime / gangster movies .
Curse , Death & Spirit is a 1992 three - part anthology of Japanese ghost stories from director Hideo Nakata .
The Whole Year is Christmas ( Spanish : Todo el año es Navidad ) is a 1960 Argentine film .
His Wife 's Lover ( 1931 , original Yiddish title Zayn Vaybs Lubovnik ) was billed as the `` first Jewish musical comedy talking picture '' .
American Daylight is a 2004 Indian film production in Hollywood .
Ten from Tomorrow is a collection of science fiction short stories ( see Index to Science Fiction Anthologies and Collections ) by E. C. Tubb , published in 1966 .
Death Scream is a made - for - television film first aired in the United States on ABC on September 26 , 1975 .
Miss Bala is a 2011 Mexican drama film written by Gerardo Naranjo with Mauricio Katz and directed by Gerardo Naranjo .
Return with Honor is a 1999 documentary film about American prisoners of war in the Vietnam War .
Scratches in the Table ( Dutch : Madelief , krassen in het tafelblad ) is a 1998 Dutch film directed by Ineke Houtman .
Smooth Velvet , Raw Silk is a 1976 film .
Gadibidi Ganda is a Kannada film released in 1993 , directed by V. S. Reddy .
Gandedhe ( Kannada : ಗಂಡೆದೆ ) is a 2010 Indian Kannada language romantic action film written and directed by Akul Shiva and produced by Ramu of Ramu Enterprises .
Megablast ( メガブラスト ) is a 1989 Horizontal scrolling shooter arcade game released by Taito in Europe and Japan .
Those She Left Behind is a 1989 made - for - TV movie about a father forced to raise his newborn daughter alone after the unexpected death of his wife in childbirth .
Microsoft previewed Active Directory in 1999 , released it first with Windows 2000 Server edition , and revised it to extend functionality and improve administration in Windows Server 2003 .
Windosill is a 2009 puzzle video game by Vectorpark for Microsoft Windows , OS X , Linux , web browsers , and iOS .
Mighty Jill Off was designed and developed by American video game designer and critic Anna Anthropy , also known as Auntie Pixelante , in 2008 .
Kathe Chitrakathe Nirdeshana Puttanna ( Kannada : ಕಥೆ , ಚಿತ್ರಕಥೆ , ನಿರ್ದೇಶನ ಪುಟ್ಟಣ್ಣ ) is a 2016 Kannada comedy horror film directed by Srinivasa Raju , and is a remake of the 2014 Telugu film Geethanjali .
Putham Puthu Poove ( Tamil : புத்தம் புது பூவே ) is a Tamil film released in 1997 .
Mojave Moon is a 1996 American road movie .
Serafim , the Lighthouse Keeper 's Son ( Serafin , svjetioničarev sin ) is a 2002 Croatian film directed by Vicko Ruić .
Countess Dracula is a 1971 horror film based on the legends surrounding the `` Blood Countess '' Elizabeth Báthory .
Christmas Every Day is a 1996 American television movie , based on William Dean Howells 's 1892 short story , `` Christmas Every Day '' .
Jazz Heaven is a 1929 American romantic comedy directed by Melville Brown , and written by Myles Connolly and J. Walter Ruben , based on a story by Pauline Forney and Dudley Murphy .
The Singing Ringing Tree ( German : Das singende , klingende Bäumchen ) was a children 's film made by East German studio DEFA in 1957 and shown in the form of a television series by the BBC .
The Noble Family ( Spanish : Nosotros los Nobles ) is a 2013 Mexican dark comedy film directed by Gary Alazraki , starring Gonzalo Vega , Luis Gerardo Méndez , Karla Souza and Juan Pablo Gil , with Ianis Guerrero , Carlos Gascón and Mario Haddad in supporting roles .
Malabaril Ninnoru Manimaaran is a 1998 Indian Malayalam film directed by Pappan ..
Pandora 's Clock ( also known as Doomsday Virus ) is a 1996 NBC miniseries based on a novel by John J. Nance about a deadly virus on a Boeing 747 - 200 from Frankfurt to John F. Kennedy International Airport .
The Heart of Texas is a 2008 American documentary film .
Bosom Friends is a 1934 American short film produced by E. W. Hammons .
Wild Gold is a 1934 American romance film directed by George Marshall and written by Lester Cole and Henry Johnson .
Crash Dive is a World War II film in Technicolor released in 1943 .
Lost Flight is a 1969 dramatic film written and produced for television based on producer Frank Price 's unsuccessful 1966 TV pilot , Stranded , but had a brief theatrical release in Australia in 1970 and 1971 in a limited New York showing .
The Big Little Person was a 1919 American silent romantic drama film produced and distributed by Universal Pictures .
Advise & Consent is a 1962 American neo noir motion picture based on the Pulitzer Prize - winning novel of the same name by Allen Drury , published in 1959 .
She 's Done it Again is a 1910 American silent short comedy written by Lloyd Lonergan and produced by the Thanhouser Company in New Rochelle , New York .
Million Dollar Mystery ( also known as Money Mania ) is a 1987 American film released with a promotional tie - in for Glad - Lock brand bags .
Ricordare Anna is a 2004 Swiss German and Italian language drama film .
My Tale Is Hot is a 1964 Sonney Amusement Enterprises comedy / fantasy erotic movie .
Paavai Vilakku ( Tamil : பாவை விளக்கு ) is a Tamil 1960 film directed by K. Somu .
Time Riders in American History is a 1992 educational history - themed video game .
Cadavre Exquis première édition is a 2006 Canadian French language film .
Rui Ka Bojh ( The Weight of Cotton ) is a 1997 Hindi drama film directed by Subhash Agarwal , based on Chandra Kishore Jaiswal 's novel Gawah Ghair Hazir with Pankaj Kapoor , Reema Lagoo and Raghubir Yadav in lead roles .
Bearing Witness is a 2005 television film by Barbara Kopple and Marijana Wotton .
Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters ( also known as Aqua Teen Hunger Force : The Movie ) is a 2007 American flash adult animated action comedy film based on the Adult Swim animated series Aqua Teen Hunger Force .
Neverlake is a 2013 Italian slasher horror film and the feature film directorial debut of Riccardo Paoletti .
Screamer Rally is the third game in the Screamer series , released in 1997 , and the last to be developed by Milestone .
A Couch in New York ( French title Un divan à New York ) is a 1996 film about an anonymous exchange of apartments between a successful New York psychoanalyst and a young woman from Paris .
Just One More Time , released theatrically as The Over - Amorous Artist , is a 1974 British sex comedy film directed by Maurice Hamblin and starring John Hamill , Sue Longhurst and Claire Russell .
Rotor DR1 is a 2015 science fiction film directed by Chad Kapper , who also served as executive producer .
Blondie for Victory is a 1942 American film , and the 12th entry in the Blondie series .
High Hell is a 1958 American film set in the Canadian Rockies .
Manassinakkare ( Malayalam : മനസ്സിനക്കരെ , English : Beyond the Mind ) is a 2003 Malayalam family drama film directed by Sathyan Anthikkad and written by Ranjan Pramod .
Ed , Edd n Eddy 's Big Picture Show is a 2009 animated television adventure buddy comedy road film based on the award - winning Ed , Edd n Eddy animated series .
What Would You Do , Chums ? is a 1939 British drama film directed by John Baxter and starring Syd Walker , Jean Gillie , Cyril Chamberlain and Peter Gawthorne .
My Illegal Wife is a 2014 Filipino comedy spoof film directed by Tony Y. Reyes starring Pokwang and Zanjoe Marudo .
Uncle Was a Vampire ( Italian : Tempi duri per i vampiri ) is a 1959 Italian film directed by Steno .
The Moonhunter ( Thai : 14 tula , songkram prachachon , 14 ตุลา สงครามประชาชน ) is a 2001 Thai film directed by Bhandit Rittakol .
The Gifts is a 1970 American short documentary film about water pollution in the United States , produced by Robert McBride for the Environmental Protection Administration .
Pramukhan is a 2009 Indian Malayalam film directed bySalim Baba .
The Trials of Oscar Wilde also known as The Man with the Green Carnation and The Green Carnation , is a 1960 British film based on the libel and subsequent criminal cases involving Oscar Wilde and the Marquess of Queensberry .
Der Westwall ( English : The West Wall ) is a 1939 film about the Siegfried Line directed by Fritz Hippler , the head of the film division within the Propagandaministerium .
Leningrad 46 ( 2014 ) ( Russian : Ленинград 46 , stylized as ЛЕНИНГРАД
The Forgotten Children of Congo is a 2007 British documentary film written , produced and directed by Alex Tweddle for Angry Man Pictures Ltd.
That Awkward Moment ( released as Are We Officially Dating ? in Australia , Indonesia , and New Zealand ) is a 2014 American romantic comedy film written and directed by Tom Gormican in his directorial debut .
`` Mudd 's Women '' is an episode of the science fiction television series Star Trek that was first broadcast on October 13 , 1966 , and then repeated on May 4 , 1967 .
Short Order is a 2005 Irish drama film written and directed by Anthony Byrne .
Eva & Leon ( French title : L'Echappée Belle ) is a 2015 French drama film written and directed by Émilie Cherpitel .
The Mini - Skirt Mob is a 1968 action film about a female motorcycle gang .
Sangamam ( Tamil : சங்கமம் ) is a 1999 Tamil musical romance film directed by Suresh Krishna and produced by V. Natarajan of Pyramid Films .
Army of Frankensteins is a 2014 American science fiction horror film written and directed by Ryan Bellgardt .
5 Sundarikal ( English : Five Beautiful Women ) is a 2013 Malayalam romantic anthology film .
The Brave Engineer is a 1950 Walt Disney - produced short subject cartoon , based on the exploits of legendary railroad engineer John Luther `` Casey '' Jones .
Aggiungi un posto a tavola is a musical comedy written by Pietro Garinei , Sandro Giovannini and Iaia Fiastri , which debuted in 1974 under the direction of Garinei and Giovannini .
1001 Video Games You Must Play Before You Die is a video game reference book first published in October 2010 .
Twelve O'Clock High premiered in Los Angeles on December 21 , 1949 , and opened in New York on January 26 , 1950 .
The Life and Hard Times of Guy Terrifico is a Canadian mockumentary film released in 2005 .
Sharey Chuattor ( Bengali : সাড়ে চুয়াত্তর ; English : Seventy Four and Half ) is a 1953 Indian Bengali comedy film , directed by Nirmal Dey , story by Bijon Bhattacharya , starring Tulsi Chakrabarti and Molina Devi , and co - starring Suchitra Sen and Uttam Kumar .
Blacks and Jews is a 1997 documentary film that examines the relationships and conflicts between Black and Jewish activists , from the 1991 Crown Heights Riot to Steven Spielberg 's controversial visit to the predominantly Black Castlemont High School .
You and Me and Uncle Bob is a 1993 Australian TV movie about two kids who bring love to an unlikely older couple .
The Cure for Insomnia , directed by John Henry Timmis IV , is a film which on its release in 1987 was according to Guinness World Records the longest running .
American Harmony is a 2009 documentary film directed and produced by Aengus James , produced by Colin Miller , and edited by Kate Amend .
Jai Bangladesh ( meaning:``Hail Bangladesh '' ) is a 1971 Bollywood military drama film directed by I.S. Johar .
Dosar ( Bengali : দোসর ; translation : Emotional companion ) is a 2006 Bengali language Indian drama film .
Inside Outing is an isometric 3D arcade adventure game released by The Edge in 1988 for the Sinclair Spectrum , Amstrad CPC and Commodore 64 .
Fantasy General is a hex - based fantasy game published by Strategic Simulations in 1996 .
American Jobs is a 2004 independent film , documentary , written , produced and directed by Greg Spotts .
Race to Space is a 2001 American family drama film .
How Brown Saw the Baseball Game , also known as How Jones Saw the Baseball Game , is an American short comedy film produced in 1907 and distributed by the Lubin Manufacturing Company .
Empire Records is a 1995 American coming - of - age film that follows a group of record store employees over the course of one exceptional day .
Philosophy of a Knife is a 2008 Russian - American horror film written , produced , shot , edited , and directed by Andrey Iskanov .
Mugabe and the White African is a 2009 documentary film by Lucy Bailey and Andrew Thompson .
The Invisible Children of Love is a multi - lingual ( English / Bengali ) film by Shubho released in 2003 .
Cheriya Kallanum Valiya Policum is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by Haridas Kesavan .
Wired to the Moon is the sixth studio album by Chris Rea , released in 1984 .
The Polar Bears is a 2012 3D computer animated short film presented by The Coca - Cola Company , produced by Ridley Scott , and directed by John Stevenson .
Amiri Garibi ( English : Rich - Poor ) is a 1990 Hindi family Drama film produced by Pradeep Sharma on TUTU Films banner & directed by Harmesh Malhotra .
`` The Dairyman 's Daughter '' was first issued in tract form in 1814 and that same year was published by the New England Tract Society in Boston .
Cha Cha for Twins ( 寶米恰恰 Bao mi qia qia ) is a 2012 Taiwanese romantic comedy film directed by Yang Yi - chien and Jim Wang .
Geraldine 's Fortune is a 2004 Canadian comedy / drama film .
Innalekalillaathe is a 1997 Indian Malayalam film directed by George Kithu and starring Biju Menon and Manju Warrier in the lead roles .
Graduating Peter is a 2001 American documentary film directed by Gerardine Wurzburg .
Fury in the Pacific is a 1945 American documentary short film about a pair of World War II battles in the Pacific : the Battle of Peleliu and the Battle of Angaur .
Cadavere a spasso is a 1965 Italian comedy film directed by Marco Masi .
The League of the Future is a 1916 American silent short directed by Edward J. Le Saint .
Aaja Nachle ( Hindi:आजा नचले English : Come , Let 's Dance ) is a 2007 Bollywood film .
Sweeney ! is a 1977 British crime film , made as a spin - off from the television show The Sweeney which ran from 1974 to 1978 .
Seer 4 ( Chinese : 赛尔号大电影4:圣魔之战 ) is a 2014 Chinese animated children 's adventure film directed by Wang Zhangjun and Yin Yuqi and based on an online game .
Winter Kept Us Warm is a Canadian romantic drama film , released in 1965 .
A Cow at My Table is a 1998 documentary film examining Western attitudes towards farm animals and meat .
Mahaashilpi ( Kannada : ಮಹಾಶಿಲ್ಪಿ ) is a 1966 Indian Kannada film , directed by S V Doraiswamy and produced by H B Jwalanaiah .
O.K. Garage ( a.k.a . All Revved Up ) is a 1998 film written and directed by Brandon Cole .
Star Spangled Girl is a 1971 American romantic comedy film based on the Neil Simon play The Star - Spangled Girl .
Herb and Dorothy is a 2008 documentary film by Megumi Sasaki .
Lemon Grove Kids Meet the Monsters is a trilogy of short films released in 1965 .
The Life of Vergie Winters is an American 1934 Pre - Code film .
History of the Joke is a two - hour television special documentary film that was premiered on February 18 , 2008 , in the USA on History .
American Pie 2 is a 2001 American comedy film and the sequel to the 1999 film American Pie and the second film in the American Pie film series .
Takin ' Off is the debut album of jazz pianist Herbie Hancock originally released in 1962 for the Blue Note label as BST 84109 .
The first edition in 1985 was called Virology , but the book 's title was changed from the second edition to Fields Virology .
War Feels Like War is a 2004 British documentary film .
Sister Kenny ( 1946 ) is a biographical film about Sister Elizabeth Kenny , an Australian bush nurse , who fought to help people who suffered from polio , despite opposition from the medical establishment .
Surviving Evil ( also known as Evil Island ) is a 2009 horror film directed and written by Terence Daw , and produced by David Pupkewitz , Anton Ernst and Malcolm Kohll .
Tomar Jonyo or Tomar Janna ( English : For You ) is a Tollywood film which was released in 2008 .
The Roly Poly Man is a 1994 Australian feature film .
Plunder & Lightning is an animated television movie , originally broadcast on September 7 , 1990 , that makes up the first four episodes of the Disney animated series TaleSpin .
Mr. Destiny is a 1990 fantasy comedy film starring James Belushi .
Funeral Kings is a 2012 film written and directed by Kevin McManus and Matthew McManus starring Dylan Hartigan and Alex Maizus .
Ice from the Sun is a 1999 independently produced horror film directed by Eric Stanze , and is St. Louis - based production company Wicked Pixel Cinema 's second feature film .
Dil Ke Jharoke Main ( English : Player ) is a 1997 Bollywood musical romance film directed by Ashim Bhattacharya .
Century Hotel is a 2001 Canadian drama / mystery / romance film .
The Terror Factor is a 2007 American independent comedy horror film written and directed by Garry Medeiros and starring Matthew G. Hill , Nina Rusin , and John Sylvia .
Sammy 's Super T - Shirt is a British film made by the Children 's Film Foundation in 1978 .
Bharla Malwat Rakhtaana ( Marathi : भरला मळवट रक़तान ) , ( meaning : Blood Filled Forehead ) is a 2014 Marathi film directed by Anup Jagdale .
Young Sherlocks is a 1922 silent short subject , the fourth entry in Hal Roach 's Our Gang series .
Published in 1870 , Seitsemän veljestä ended an era dominated by Swedish - speaking authors , most notable of whom was J.L. Runeberg , and created a solid basis for new Finnish authors like Minna Canth and Juhani Aho , who were , together with Aleksis Kivi , the first authors to depict ordinary Finns in a realistic way .
The Forgotten Latchkey was released in the United States on June 7 , 1913 , and on September 15 , 1913 , in England .
Zolykha 's Secret or Rahze Zolykha ( 2006 ) is an Afghan film directed by Horace Shansab .
Reflections of Murder is a 1974 made - for - TV movie that was produced by ABC .
The Romance of Sleepy Hollow is a 1923 New Zealand film written and directed by Henry J. Makepeace , and produced and shot in Auckland .
Ten Thousand Miles in the Southern Cross is a 1922 New Zealand travelogue made by George Tarr during a 1922 voyage in the South Pacific .
Las fuerzas vivas ( `` The Living Forces '' ) is a 1975 Mexican film .
Where the Boys Are ' 84 ( onscreen title : Where the Boys Are ) is a 1984 remake of the 1960 teen sex comedy film Where the Boys Are , starring Lisa Hartman , Russell Todd , Lorna Luft , Wendy Schaal and Lynn - Holly Johnson .
Pathala Mohini ( Kannada : ಪಾತಾಳ ಮೋಹಿನಿ ) is a 1965 Kannada language film directed by S.N Singh .
Designing Woman is a 1957 romantic comedy about fashion .
Girl Walks into a Bar is a 2011 multiple story line ensemble comedy film produced exclusively for Internet distribution .
Cyberun is a ZX Spectrum video game ostensibly developed by Ultimate Play The Game and published by U.S. Gold in 1986 .
House of Bamboo is a 1955 American film noir shot in CinemaScope and DeLuxe Color .
Cruel Doubt is a 1992 miniseries starring Blythe Danner and Matt McGrath , as well as Danner 's daughter , Gwyneth Paltrow .
The Best of Men is a factually based 2012 television film which describes the pioneering work of Dr Ludwig Guttmann with paraplegic patients at Stoke Mandeville Hospital , which led to the foundation of the Paralympic Games .
Eno Onthara ( Kannada : ಏನೋ ಒಂಥರಾ ) is a 2010 Kannada film directed by `` Mussanje '' Mahesh and produced by M. Chandrashekar under the Udayachandra Productions banner .
The Very Best of The Doors is a compilation album by the Doors , released in the USA in 2001 .
Aai Tuza Ashirwad is a Marathi film , which released on 9 August 2004 .
Kottai Vaasal ( Tamil : கோட்டை வாசல் ) is a 1992 Indian Tamil film , directed by Selva Vinayagam and produced by Mohan Natarajan and Tharangai V. Shanmugam .
An Act of Terror is a novel by Andre Brink , first published in 1991 .
Do Rio a São Paulo Para Casar is a 1922 Brazilian silent romance film directed by José Medina .
Green Fish ( Hangul : 초록 물고기 ; RR : Chorok Mulgogi ) is a 1997 South Korean film .
Not Negotiable is a 1918 British silent crime film directed by Walter West and starring Julian Royce , Manora Thew and Gregory Scott .
Zapatlela 2 ( झपाटलेला २ ) is a Marathi horror comedy movie , which was released in 3D on 7 June 2013 .
Singa Laoet ( Perfected Spelling : Singa Laut ; Indonesian for The Sea Lion or The Merlion ) is a 1941 film from the Dutch East Indies ( today Indonesia ) .
African Independence ( 2013 ) is a feature - length documentary film .
A Dark Room is an open - source software role - playing text - based game originally published in mid 2013 for web browser by Doublespeak Games .
Mommo the Bogeyman ( Turkish : Mommo : Kız Kardeşim ) is a 2009 Turkish drama film , written , produced and directed by Atalay Taşdiken , about two young siblings who find refuge with their grandfather after their mother dies and their father 's new wife rejects them .
Woman Sesame Oil Maker ( Chinese : 香魂女 ; pinyin : Xiāng hún nǚ ) is a 1993 Chinese film .
American Cousins is a 2003 romantic comedy about a Scots - Italian fish and chip shop owner who gives refuge to his Mafia relatives when they go on the run .
Mercedes - Benz World Racing ( also referred to as World Racing ) - is a computer game in the genre of driving simulators , developed by the German company Synetic GmbH. The game was released in September 2003 .
The City of Children ( Greek : Η Πόλη των Παιδιών , translit . I poli ton paidion ) is a 2011 Greek drama film directed by Giorgos Gikapeppas .
Fastest with the Mostest is a 1960 Warner Bros. cartoon in the Looney Tunes series featuring Wile E. Coyote and The Road Runner .
Arthur 's Teacher Trouble is a book in the Arthur series , released in 1986 .
That Gang of Mine is a 1940 film and the third film in the East Side Kids series .
Lost in the Bush is a 1973 Australian film based on the true story of three siblings who got lost in the Victorian bush for several days in 1864 .
Entwined is a 2011 novel written by Heather Dixon .
Raja Huli ( Kannada : ರಾಜಾ ಹುಲಿ ) is a 2013 Indian Kannada - language comedy - drama film directed by Guru Deshpande and written by S. R. Prabhakaran .
The Longitude Act was an Act of Parliament of the United Kingdom passed in July 1714 at the end of the reign of Queen Anne .
Permission to Kill , also known as The Executioner , is a 1975 spy film thriller made by Sascha - Verleih and distributed by AVCO Embassy Pictures .
The Return of Chandu is a 1934 American fantasy film serial in 12 episodes based on the radio series Chandu the Magician .
The Russian Woodpecker is a 2015 documentary film written , produced and directed by Chad Gracia following Fedor Alexandrovich 's investigation into the Chernobyl disaster .
Convincing Clooney is a 2011 comedy film directed by Alexander Cartio .
Mars Needs Moms is a 2011 American 3D motion capture computer - animated science - fiction comedy film based on the Berkeley Breathed book of the same title .
Éducation de Prince ( English : Education of a Prince ) was a silent French film released in 1927 .
How to Photograph an Atomic Bomb is a book written by Peter Kuran and published in 2006 by VCE .
The Powerpuff Girls Movie is a 2002 American animated superhero action - adventure comedy film based on the Cartoon Network animated television series of the same name .
The Stranger and the Gunfighter is a 1974 kung fu Spaghetti Western comedy film produced by the Shaw Brothers in collaboration with an Italian company , and filmed on location in Hong Kong and Spain .
Calling All Curs is the 41st short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges , first released on August 25 , 1939 .
Aap Ki Parchhaiyan ( English : Your Shadows ) is a 1964 Bollywood film .
Polar Golfer is a PC based video game released by WildTangent in 2004 .
Exit Sunset Boulevard is a 1980 German drama film written and directed by Bastian Clevé and starring Rüdiger Kuhlbrodt and Azizi Johari , and as guest Elke Sommer .
Bell of Purity Temple ( simplified Chinese : 清凉寺的钟声 ; traditional Chinese : 清涼寺的鐘聲 ; pinyin : qīng liáng sì de zhōng shēng ) is a 1992 Chinese film about the life of a Japanese infant deserted in China after Sino - Japanese War .
Aagamanam is a 1980 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Jesey and produced by G Sugunan .
Dropzone is a shoot 'em up video game developed by Arena Graphics in 1984 .
Amar Rahe Yeh Pyar is a 1961 Hindi / Urdu family drama film directed by Prabhu Dayal .
National Lampoon 's Barely Legal is a 2003 comedy film about three male high school students who decide to make money by selling pornographic videos , in the hopes of gaining both women and standing among their peers .
Frivolous Wife is a 2008 South Korean romantic comedy film based on William Shakespeare 's The Taming of the Shrew .
Love You Bangaram is a 2014 Telugu language romantic drama film directed by Director Govi .
Big Town Scandal is a 1948 American crime film directed by William C. Thomas and written by Milton Raison .
`` What Alice Found '' was awarded the Grand Prize at the 2003 Deauville Festival of American Cinema by Jury Chair Roman Polanski .
What 's Sauce for the Goose is a 1916 film featuring Oliver Hardy .
Desa Munnetram ( English : Development of the Nation ) is a 1938 Indian Tamil film , dealing with the issue of untouchability .
From Generation to Generation is a 1959 American short documentary film produced by Edward F. Cullen .
Winter Woman ( Hangul : 겨울여자 ; RR : Gyeo - ul - yeoja ) is a 1977 South Korean film .
Bachelors Anonymous is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse , first published in the United Kingdom on 15 October 1973 by Barrie & Jenkins , London and in the United States on 28 August 1974 by Simon & Schuster , Inc. , New York .
The Strangler 's Grip is a 1912 Australian silent film shot by Franklyn Barrett .
Aainaate ( Bengali : আয়নাতে , English : In the Mirror ) is a 2008 Bengali drama film directed by Dulal Dey .
Karuneye Kutumbada Kannu ( Kannada : ಕರುಣೆಯೇ ಕುಟುಂಬದ ಕಣ್ಣು ) is a 1962 Indian Kannada film , directed by T. V. Singh Takur and produced by A C Narasimha Murthy and Friends .
Miracle of Marcelino ( Spanish : Marcelino , pan y vino , `` Marcelino , bread and wine '' ) is a 1955 Spanish film .
Ice Twisters is a Canadian - American made - for - TV science fiction film produced for Syfy and released in 2009 .
I Was a Teenage Faust is a 2002 made - for - television film of an adolescent who sells his soul to the Devil to achieve popularity .
Bihu Songs of Assam is a book authored by Prafulladutta Goswamil , and published by Lawyers Book Stall in 1957 .
If It 's a Rose is an Australian television movie , or rather a live television comedy play , which aired in 1958 on ABC .
Monkey Dance is a 2004 documentary film by Julie Mallozzi , a filmmaker based in Boston .
Who Is Simon Miller ? is a television film that premiered August 6 , 2011 on NBC as part of the Walmart / Procter & Gamble project Family Movie Night .
Indiscretions of Betty is a 1910 American short silent comedy film released by the Vitagraph Company of America .
The Enchanted Boy ( Russian : Заколдованный мальчик , Zakoldovanyy malchik ) is a 1955 Soviet / Russian traditionally animated feature film directed by Vladimir Polkovnikov and Aleksandra Snezhko - Blotskaya .
One Lucky Elephant is an American documentary film directed by Lisa Leeman that premiered December 1 , 2011 on OWN :
The Music Never Stopped is a 2011 American drama film directed by Jim Kohlberg , who makes his directorial debut from a script by Gwyn Lurie and Gary Marks .
Wes Craven 's New Nightmare is a 1994 American slasher metafilm written and directed by original Nightmare on Elm Street creator Wes Craven .
The Belles of St Trinian 's is a comedy film set in the fictional St Trinian 's School , released in 1954 .
Akhire Akhire is a 2013 Odia romance , drama , comedy film produced by Sitaram Agrawal .
The Calcium Kid is a British mockumentary comedy film which was released in 2004 .
Her Battle for Existence is a 1910 American silent short drama produced by the Thanhouser Company .
Bhakta Tukaram ( Telugu : భక్త తుకారాం ) is a 1973 Telugu Biographical film produced by Anjali Pictures based on the life of saint poet Tukaram .
A Visit to the Seaside ( 1908 ) was the first successful motion picture in natural color , filmed with Kinemacolor .
Race War Kingdoms , also called RWK , is a fantasy massively multiplayer online role - playing game ( MMORPG ) released in 2001 , developed and published by Glitchless LLC . Race War Kingdoms is mostly text - based with some graphical implementations and does not have high system requirements .
With Our King and Queen Through India ( 1912 ) is a British documentary .
Unseen Enemy is a 1942 spy thriller .
Gory Gory Hallelujah is a 2003 American comedy horror musical film directed by Sue Corcoran , written by Angie Louise , and starring Tim Gouran , Angie Louise , Jeff Gilbert , Todd Licea , Keith Winsted , Jason Collins , and Joseph Franklin .
Around the World in 20 Years is a BBC television travel documentary first broadcast in December 2008 , presented by Michael Palin .
Payback Season is a British drama film that was released to cinemas on March 9 , 2012 .
Pride of the Bowery is a black - and - white 1940 film and the fourth installment in the East Side Kids series .
Love in Japan is a 2006 Bollywood action comedy directed by Akram Shaikh .
Lanfranchi 's Memorial Discotheque is a 2010 documentary and the first film directed and produced by Bitter Man Films ' Richard Baron .
The Seventh Companion ( Russian : Седьмой спутник , translit . Sedmoy Sputnik ) is a 1967 black - and - white Soviet film set in Petrograd in the years following the Russian Revolution ; its title is commonly translated as The Seventh Companion .
Filhaal ... ( English : Momentary ) is a Bollywood film released in 2002 .
Dr. Renault 's Secret is an American horror movie that was released to theaters in 1942 .
Norway 1985 is a computer wargame published in 1985 by Strategic Simulations , Inc. Developed by Roger Keating it was the fourth in the `` When Superpowers Collide '' series .
The Indian Journal of Radiology and Imaging is a peer - reviewed open access medical journal published Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Radiology and Imaging Association .
The Columbia Law Review ( Bluebook abbreviation : Colum . L. Rev. ) is a law review edited and published by students at Columbia Law School .
The Little Dracula book series , originally published by Walker Books and later reissued in the US through Candlewick Press , debuted in 1986 .
Neocron is a 2002 post - apocalyptic cyberpunk massively multiplayer online role playing game ( MMORPG ) developed by Hannover , Germany - based software developer Reakktor Media GmbH and published by cdv Software Entertainment .
The Devil Goblins from Neptune is a BBC Books original novel written by Martin Day and Keith Topping ( developed from an original idea by Day , Topping and Paul Cornell ) and based on the long - running British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
The Carnivorous Plant Newsletter is the official publication of the International Carnivorous Plant Society ( ICPS ) , the largest such organization in the world .
Economic Development and Cultural Change is a peer - reviewed academic journal published by the University of Chicago Press .
Biomacromolecules is a peer - reviewed scientific journal published since 2000 by the American Chemical Society .
It is published by Edinburgh University Press on behalf of the Society for Dance Research in Spring and Autumn each year .
The Emergency Medicine Journal is a monthly peer - reviewed medical journal that is jointly owned by the Royal College of Emergency Medicine ( RCEM ) and the BMJ Group .
The Left Hand of the Electron is a collection of seventeen nonfiction science essays written by Isaac Asimov , first published by Doubleday & Company in 1972 .
Voodoo Dice is an action puzzle game produced by Exkee and distributed by Ubisoft on Xbox Live Arcade , PlayStation Network , and WiiWare .
American Knees is a novel written by Shawn Wong , first published in 1995 by Simon & Schuster , and currently published by the University of Washington Press ( 2005 ) .
Meteorological Monographs is a peer - reviewed monograph series published by the American Meteorological Society .
Political Science Quarterly is an American double blind peer - reviewed academic journal covering government , politics , and policy , published since 1886 by the Academy of Political Science .
Fantasy World Dizzy is an arcade adventure video game released in October 1989 by Codemasters and designed by the Oliver twins .
Shadow of the Scorpion is a novel by Neal Asher , published by the Macmillan Publishers imprint Tor Books in 2008 .
Maximum - Football is a gridiron and arena football computer game developed by Wintervalley Software and published by Matrix Games for Windows - based computers .
WWE Road to WrestleMania X8 is a video game released on the Game Boy Advance handheld console by THQ in 2002 , based on WWE 's pay - per - view of the same name .
GKART is a massively multiplayer online racing game developed by Tencent and published by Garena .
ATP Tour Championship Tennis is a tennis videogame released by Sega in 1994 .
Traffic Department 2192 is a top down shooter game for IBM PC , developed by P - Squared Productions and released in 1994 by Safari Software and distributed by Epic MegaGames .
Swords Against Death was first published in paperback in 1970 by Ace Books , which reprinted the title numerous times through August 1990 ; later paperback editions were issued by ibooks ( 2003 ) and Dark Horse ( 2007 ) .
Annual Review of Environment and Resources is an annual peer - reviewed scientific journal published by Annual Reviews , Inc. It covers environmental science and engineering , ecology , conservation science , water assets , energy resources , atmosphere , oceans , climate change , agriculture , livestock , natural resource management and global change .
Surface Review and Letters is an international journal published by World Scientific .
My Word Coach is a video game from Ubisoft for the Nintendo DS , Wii and iOS .
Betty Ballantine edited Restoree which initiated a long relationship between McCaffrey and Ballantine Books , or later its science fiction imprint Del Rey .
Castle Master is a 1990 computer game written by British developers Teque Software Development and published by Incentive Software .
Crooked House is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie first published in the US by Dodd , Mead and Company in March 1949 and in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 23 May of the same year .
Physiologia Plantarum is a peer - reviewed scientific journal published by Wiley - Blackwell on behalf of the Scandinavian Plant Physiology Society .
The Catholic University Law Review is a student - run quarterly law review published by the Columbus School of Law ( The Catholic University of America ) .
Test Drive 4 is a racing video game developed by Pitbull Syndicate and released by Accolade , Inc. for the PlayStation console in 1997 .
Flip 's Twisted World is a platforming video game published by Majesco Entertainment and developed by Frozen North Productions for the Wii .
Baja Destruction is a video game for the PlayStation 2 and Wii developed by UK Developer Broadsword Interactive and published by Conspiracy Entertainment .
Kalau Tak Untung was released by the state publisher of the Dutch East Indies , Balai Pustaka , under the pseudonym Selasih .
Economic Modelling is a bimonthly peer - reviewed academic journal on economics published by Elsevier .
Reproductive Toxicology is a peer - reviewed journal published bimonthly by Elsevier which focuses on the effects of toxic substances on the reproductive system .
The European Journal of Education is an international English - language academic journal on European education , published quarterly by Wiley - Blackwell for The European Institute of Education and Social Policy and indexed by Thomson Reuters for impact factor .
Diabetes Care is a monthly peer - reviewed medical journal published since 1978 by the American Diabetes Association .
The Journal of Applied Meteorology and Climatology ( formerly Journal of Applied Meteorology ) is a scientific journal published by the American Meteorological Society .
Beaterator is a music mixer released in September 2009 by Rockstar Games for the PlayStation Portable , PlayStation 3 ( via the PlayStation Network ) , and iOS released in December 2009 .
Hayden 's Ferry Review is a well - regarded internationally distributed American literary magazine , published semi - annually by Arizona State University .
Dead Block is a third - person action - strategy video game by developer Candygun Games and publisher Digital Reality , in which three survivors of a zombie outbreak attempt to keep zombies out of a safehouse .
The Cambridge History of Iran is a multi - volume survey of Iranian history published by Cambridge University Press ( CUP ) .
On January 10 , 2011 , Electronic Arts announced that it will co - publish The Secret World with Funcom .
The Michigan Raw Review , a parody of the Michigan Law Review , was published annually by the Barristers Society , a self - styled honorary at the University of Michigan Law School .
Young Thor is an American - Canadian action - adventure video game developed by Frima Studios and published by Sony Computer Entertainment .
African Affairs is a peer - reviewed academic journal published quarterly by Oxford University Press on behalf of the London - based Royal African Society .
Parallel Processing Letters is a journal published by World Scientific since 1991 .
The Lifecycle of Software Objects is a novella by Ted Chiang originally published in 2010 by Subterranean Press .
The Metallic Muse is a collection of science fiction stories by Lloyd Biggle , Jr. , published in hardcover by Doubleday Books in 1972 .
Flyte was released in March 2006 through HarperCollins and Bloomsbury Publishing .
A Symbolic Analysis of Relay and Switching Circuits is the title of a master 's thesis written by computer science pioneer Claude E. Shannon while attending the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) in 1937 .
Sunt Förnuft ( meaning Common Sense in English ) is a Swedish language finance magazine published in Stockholm , Sweden , and owned by the Swedish Taxpayers Association .
Computer Physics Communications is a peer - reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier under the North - Holland imprint .
AIP Conference Proceedings is a serial published by the American Institute of Physics since 1970 .
History 101 is a BBC Books original novel written by Mags L Halliday and based on the long - running British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
The MLA Style Manual and Guide to Scholarly Publishing ( 2008 ) is the third edition of The MLA Style Manual , first published by the Modern Language Association of America in 1985 .
The Tree of Swords and Jewels was first published in 1983 as a paperback edition by DAW Books , and featured cover art by Michael Whelan .
The Endless Forest is a multiplayer online game for Microsoft Windows by Tale of Tales .
The Antioch Review is an American literary magazine established in 1941 at Antioch College in Ohio .
Katakis is a side scrolling shooter style arcade game developed for the Commodore 64 by Rainbow Arts in 1987 , and converted to the Commodore Amiga by Factor 5 in 1988 .
Marble Drop is a computer puzzle game published by Maxis on February 28 , 1997 .
The Little Friend is the second novel by Donna Tartt , initially published by Alfred A. Knopf on October 22 , 2002 , a decade after her first novel , The Secret History .
FIFA 12 ( titled FIFA Soccer 12 in North America ) is the 19th game in Electronic Arts ' FIFA series of association football video games .
Times of Lore is a 1988 action role - playing game that was developed and published by Origin Systems for several platforms , including PC , Commodore 64/128 , ZX Spectrum , Amstrad , Atari ST , Apple II , NES , and Amiga .
Africa Trail is an educational computer game developed by MECC and published by The Learning Company .
Felix and the Fruit Monsters is a video game released by Micro Power for the BBC Micro and Acorn Electron in 1983 .
Inne pieśni ( Other Songs ) is a novel written in 2003 by Jacek Dukaj , Polish science fiction writer and published in Poland by Wydawnictwo Literackie .
In 1997 , the hardcover publisher of L'Engle 's novels from 1962 on , Farrar , Straus & Giroux , issued a new edition of Meet the Austins that for the first time incorporated the chapter .
March of the Eagles is a grand strategy video game developed by Paradox Interactive and released on 19 February 2013 .
Red Faction II is a first - person shooter video game developed by Volition , Inc. and published by THQ on October 15 , 2002 for the PlayStation 2 , GameCube , Xbox and Microsoft Windows .
`` The One to Sing the Blues '' is a song by the British heavy metal band Motörhead , which Epic Records released in a number of formats ; 7``and 12 '' vinyl , cassette - single , CD - single as well as a shaped picture disc .
Phil Keaggy and Sunday 's Child is the title of a 1988 album by guitarist Phil Keaggy , released on Myrrh Records and A&M Records simultaneously .
Get Behind Me Satan is the fifth studio album by American alternative rock band The White Stripes , released on June 7 , 2005 , on V2 Records .
Lyricist Lounge 2 is the second installment in Rawkus Records Lyricist Lounge album series .
On June 4 , 1996 under the label Death Row Records , `` Hit ' Em Up '' was released on compact disc , 12-inch , and a 45 RPM .
American Goldwing is the sixth studio album by Portland , Oregon - based band Blitzen Trapper , released on September 13 , 2011 on Sub Pop Records .
This Is the Life ! is the debut studio album by American theater actor and singer Norm Lewis .
The Doctor Came at Dawn is the fifth album by Bill Callahan ( also known as Smog ) , released in September 1996 on Drag City and re - released in Europe in 2001 by Domino .
`` Misty Circles '' was the first song to be released by Dead or Alive after being signed to a major label , Epic Records .
Sto Kokkino ( In red ) is an album by popular Greek artist Elli Kokkinou that was released on May 15 , 2003 by Heaven Music .
Kundun is a 1997 epic biographical film written by Melissa Mathison and directed by Martin Scorsese .
Recep İvedik is a 2008 Turkish comedy film , directed by Togan Gökbakar , and the name of the main character ( also in the sequels Recep İvedik 2 , Recep İvedik 3 and Recep İvedik 4 ) , an oafish man played by Şahan Gökbakar .
The Seven Revenges ( Italian : Le sette sfide , also known as Ivan the Conqueror ) is a 1961 Italian adventure film directed by Primo Zeglio .
The American Soldier ( German : Der amerikanische Soldat ) is a 1970 West German film written and directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder .
Fruit of Paradise ( Czech : Ovoce stromů rajských jíme ) is a 1970 Czechoslovak avant - garde drama film directed by Věra Chytilová .
The Descent is a 2005 British horror film written and directed by Neil Marshall .
Before the Deluge ( French : Avant le déluge ) is a 1954 French drama film directed by André Cayatte .
Notte prima degli esami ( English : Night Before the Exams ) is a 2006 Italian comedy teen film , written and directed by Fausto Brizzi .
Happy Feet is a 2006 Australian - American computer - animated musical family film , directed , produced and co - written by George Miller .
Fists in the Pocket ( I pugni in tasca ) is a 1965 Italian film directed by Marco Bellocchio .
`` Cleveland Live ! '' is the second episode of the second season of the animated television series The Cleveland Show , airing on October 3 , 2010 on Fox .
`` The Seventh '' is the thirty - third episode ( production # 207 ) of the television series Star Trek : Enterprise , the seventh of the second season .
`` Freddy Spaghetti '' is the second season finale of the American comedy television series Parks and Recreation , and the 30th overall episode of the series .
`` All About Lisa '' is the twentieth episode and season finale of The Simpsons ' nineteenth season , and first aired on May 18 , 2008 .
`` The Stolen Earth '' is the twelfth episode of the fourth series and the 750th overall episode of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
The Severed Man is a novella written by George Mann which is the fifth in the series of Time Hunter novellas and features the characters Honoré Lechasseur and Emily Blandish from Daniel O'Mahony 's Doctor Who novella The Cabinet of Light , although the series is not formally connected to the Doctor Who fictional universe .
The Edge of Destruction ( also referred to as Inside the Spaceship ) is the third serial in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who , which was first broadcast in two weekly parts on 8 February and 15 February 1964 .
Pale Gray for Guilt ( 1968 ) is the ninth novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald .
`` Mr. Hankey , the Christmas Poo '' is the ninth episode of the first season of the American animated television series South Park .
`` The Pirates of Orion '' is the first episode of the second season of the American animated science fiction television series Star Trek : The Animated Series , the 17th episode overall .
That 's My Mommy is a 1955 one reel animated Tom and Jerry short directed and produced by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera with music by Scott Bradley .
City of Dragons is a novel by Robin Hobb , the third novel in The Rain Wild Chronicles .
Turbulent Priests is the third novel of the Dan Starkey series by Northern Irish author , Colin Bateman , released on 6 December 1999 through Harper Collins .
`` Rabid Dog '' is the twelfth episode of the fifth season of the American television drama series Breaking Bad , and the 58th overall episode of the series .
`` The Stolen Eagle '' is the series premiere of the British - American historical drama television series Rome .
`` Subway Hero '' is the twelfth episode of the second season of 30 Rock and thirty - third episode of the series .
The Tomb of the Cybermen is the first serial of fifth season in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
Galaxy 4 ( alternatively spelled Galaxy Four ) is the mostly missing first serial of the third season in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
Deathmasques is an original novel written by Dave Stone and based on the long - running British science fiction comic strip Judge Dredd .
Without Fail is the sixth book in the Jack Reacher series written by Lee Child .
`` Goobacks '' is the seventh episode of the eighth season of the animated television series South Park , and the 118th overall episode of the series .
The Oh My God Delusion is a 2010 novel by Irish journalist and author Paul Howard , and the tenth in the Ross O'Carroll - Kelly series .
`` I Hear You Calling '' is an episode of The Outer Limits television show .
`` Where No Fan Has Gone Before '' is the eleventh episode of the fourth season of the American animated series Futurama , and originally aired on April 21 , 2002 , in the United States on Comedy Central .
`` 7:15 A.M. '' is the tenth episode of the American fairy tale / drama television series Once Upon a Time .
`` Of Late I Think of Cliffordville '' is episode 116 of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone .
The Annihilators , published in 1983 , was the twentieth novel in the long - running secret agent series Matt Helm by Donald Hamilton .
Sea of Silver Light is the fourth and final installment of Tad Williams ' Otherland series .
`` Identity Within '' is described as a ' lost episode ' of the British science fiction comedy television series Red Dwarf .
`` The Bullet That Saved the World '' is the fourth episode of the fifth season of the Fox science fiction / drama television series Fringe , and the 91st episode overall .
`` Goo Goo Gai Pan '' is the twelfth episode from the sixteenth season of The Simpsons , which originally aired on March 13 , 2005 .
`` Desperate Souls '' is the eighth episode of the first season of the American Fairy Tale / Drama television series Once Upon a Time .
Somebody Just Walked Over My Grave is the seventeenth episode of the popular 1969 ITC British television series Randall and Hopkirk ( Deceased ) starring Mike Pratt , Kenneth Cope and Annette Andre .
`` Emotional Consequences of Broadcast Television '' is the series finale of the sitcom Community , serving as the thirteenth episode of its sixth season .
`` Deus Impeditio Esuritori Nullus ( No God Can Stop a Hungry Man ) '' is the ninth episode of the second season of the television series Rome .
The Warlord of Mars is a science fantasy novel written by Edgar Rice Burroughs , the third of his famous Barsoom series .
Bugs Bunny and the Three Bears is a Warner Brothers Merrie Melodies theatrical cartoon short released in 1944 , directed by Chuck Jones and written by Tedd Pierce .
`` Bitchcraft '' is the premiere episode of the third season of the anthology television series American Horror Story , which premiered on October 9 , 2013 on the cable network FX .
`` The Producer '' is the fourth episode of the third season of Gilligan 's Island , in which the castaways stage a musical version of Hamlet .
`` Grey Dawn '' is the tenth episode in the seventh season and the 106th overall episode of the animated television series South Park .
Two Corny Crows was the ninth in the Huckleberry Hound cartoon series , debuted in the segment The Huckleberry Hound Show on 27 November 1958 .
`` Mathlete 's Feat '' is the twenty - second episode and season finale of the twenty - sixth season of the American animated sitcom The Simpsons , and the 574th overall episode of the series .
`` The Son Also Draws '' is the sixth episode of the first season of the animated comedy series Family Guy , originally aired on Fox on May 9 , 1999 .
`` Rimmerworld '' is the fifth episode of science fiction sit - com Red Dwarf Series VI and the 35th in the series run .
`` The First Duty '' is the 119th episode of the American syndicated science fiction television series Star Trek : The Next Generation , the 19th episode of the show 's fifth season .
`` Special Project '' is the fourteenth episode of the eighth season of the American comedy television series The Office and the show 's 166th episode overall .
Bones of the Dragon is the first book in the Dragonships series written by the fantasy duo Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman .
It is the first installment in the Banjo - Kazooie series and follows the story of the titular characters Banjo and Kazooie as they try to stop the plans of series antagonist Gruntilda , who intends to switch her beauty with Banjo 's sister Tooty .
`` The Heart of the Truest Believer '' is the third season premiere of the American fantasy drama series Once Upon a Time .
Cugel 's Saga is a picaresque fantasy novel by Jack Vance , published by Timescape in 1983 , the third book in the Dying Earth series , the first volume of which appeared in 1950 .
The Angel 's Command is a 2003 novel by Brian Jacques , author of the popular children 's series Redwall , and the sequel to Castaways of the Flying Dutchman .
A Crown of Swords ( abbreviated as aCoS by fans ) is the seventh book of The Wheel of Time fantasy series written by American author Robert Jordan .
`` Dead Is Dead '' is the 12th television episode of the fifth season of ABC 's Lost .
`` The Big Tall Wish '' is episode twenty - seven of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone , with an original score by Jerry Goldsmith .
`` The Seven - Beer Snitch '' is the fourteenth episode of The Simpsons ' sixteenth season , first aired on April 3 , 2005 in the United States .
`` It 's the End of the World '' is the 16th episode of the second season of the ABC series , Grey 's Anatomy .
The Ancient is a novel by R. A. Salvatore set in his world of Corona .
`` Lost Verizon '' is the second episode of The Simpsons ' twentieth season , and first aired on Fox network on October 5 , 2008 .
Six Hands Across a Table is the twenty - fifth episode of the second series of the 1960s cult British spy - fi television series The Avengers , starring Patrick Macnee and Honor Blackman .
`` The Chimes of Big Ben '' is an episode of the British science fiction - allegorical series , The Prisoner .
`` Black Light Attack ! '' is the tenth episode of the fourth season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock , and the 68th overall episode of the series .
Conan of Venarium is a fantasy novel written by Harry Turtledove and edited by Teresa Nielsen Hayden featuring Robert E. Howard 's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian .
`` Dark Frontier '' is a feature length episode of Star Trek : Voyager , the 15th and 16th episodes of the fifth season .
Back to Bologna is a novel by Michael Dibdin , and is the tenth entry in the popular Aurelio Zen series .
Vox Sola ( Latin for lone voice ) is the twenty - second episode ( production # 122 ) of the television series Star Trek : Enterprise .
The other games in the `` Gold Box '' series used the game engine pioneered in Pool of Radiance , as did later D&D titles such as the Neverwinter Nights online game .
`` The Marine Biologist '' is the 78th episode of the American sitcom Seinfeld .
Hawksong is the first in a five book series of young adult fantasy shapeshifter novels called The Kiesha'ra Series .
The Necklace Affair ( English for `` L'Affaire du Collier '' ) by the Belgian artist Edgar P. Jacobs was the tenth comic book in the Blake and Mortimer series .
The National Ice Hockey League ( Liga Nacional de Hockey sobre Hielo ) is the Spanish league of ice hockey .
The 2002 ICC Americas Championship was a cricket tournament in Argentina , taking place between 12 March and 16 March 2002 .
Semih Erden ( born July 28 , 1986 ) is a Turkish professional basketball player who currently plays for the Fenerbahçe of the Turkish Basketball League .
Yu Ho Pong ( Chinese : 余浩邦 ; Jyutping : jyu4 hou6 bong1 , born 19 August 1989 ) is a Hong Kong association football player who plays for Yuen Long at the position of striker .
Sammy Brown ( born April 17 , 1990 ) is an American football outside linebacker who is currently a member of the Edmonton Eskimos .
USA Basketball ( USAB ) is a non - profit organization and the governing body for basketball in the United States .
Phil Hawthorne ( 1943 - -1994 ) was an Australian rugby league and rugby union footballer -- a dual - code international .
The LLA Azteca Championship ( Campeonato Azteca de LLA in Spanish ) was a professional wrestling championship promoted by Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre ( CMLL ) and Lucha Libre Azteca ( LLA ) between 2009 and 2013 .
Gregory Mike Quade ( pronounced : KWAH - dee ) ( born March 12 , 1957 ) is an American professional baseball coach and manager .
The 2008 Japan Super Series is the seventh tournament of the 2008 BWF Super Series in badminton .
The Buffalo Bisons are a professional minor league baseball team based in Buffalo , New York .
The Kolkata Knight Riders ( also known by the acronym KKR ) are a franchise cricket team representing Kolkata in the Indian Premier League .
The Nationale Cyclo - Cross Otegem is a cyclo - cross race held in Otegem , Belgium .
The Hawthorn Memorial Trophy is a motorsport award given to the most successful British or Commonwealth driver in Formula One .
Jamar Love ( born November 8 , 1986 in North Little Rock , Arkansas ) is an American football cornerback who is currently a free agent .
Maja Savić ( born April 29 , 1976 in Berane , Montenegro ) is a handball player , playing for ŽRK Budućnost T - Mobile , where she came to from Viborg HK .
Harry C. Pohlman Field is a baseball field located in Beloit , Wisconsin , United States .
Carol Jarecki ( born 1935 ) is an American chess organizer , an International Arbiter , and a chess writer .
Surrey Scorchers is a basketball club based in Guildford , Surrey that currently competes in the British Basketball League .
The Open de France is a European Tour golf tournament .
Martina Ćorković ( born July 4 , 1993 ) is a Croatian handball player for Turkish club Zağnos SK and the Croatian national team .
Joseph Macay McBride ( born October 24 , 1982 ) is a former Major League baseball relief pitcher .
Cecil Newton , Jr. ( born March 20 , 1986 ) is a former American football center .
The 2013 All Japan Indoor Tennis Championships was a professional tennis tournament played on Carpet .
Željko Franulović ( born 13 June 1947 ) is a Croatian former tennis player who competed for SFR Yugoslavia and who has since had a long career in tennis management .
Julius du Mont ( December 15 , 1881 , Paris -- April 7 , 1956 , Hastings , England ) was a pianist , piano teacher , chess player , journalist , editor and writer .
Le Traité des Amateurs is a chess treatise composed by a `` Society of Amateurs '' who were contemporaries of Philidor and all frequented the Café de la Régence in Paris .
Brandon Gentile ( born April 23 , 1987 ) is an American former professional ice hockey defenseman who played in the American Hockey League and the ECHL .
Grant Connell ( Pronounced : KAHN - nell ) ( born November 17 , 1965 ) is a former professional tennis player from Canada , and has been a successful real estate agent for the past 10 years in Vancouver .
The 2003 Montreal Expos season was a season in baseball , and the 35th season for the Expos in Montreal .
Herning Blue Fox is a Danish professional ice hockey team playing in the top Danish ice hockey league Metal Ligaen .
The Trophée Lancôme was a professional golf tournament which was staged in France from 1970 to 2003 .
The Elgon Cup is contested between the rugby union teams of Kenya and Uganda .
Shaun McRae ( born 21 December 1959 ) is a rugby league coach , who is currently the director of rugby at Hull FC after a spell with the Salford City Reds .
Mahmoud Hassaballa ( born 22 November 1986 ) is an Egyptian - Qatari handball player for Al Sadd and the Qatari national team .
Laurent Chambertin ( born September 29 , 1966 in Dijon , Côte - d'Or ) is a retired volleyball player from France , who earned a total number of 336 caps for the Men 's National Team .
Shinta Mulia Sari is an Indonesian - born Singaporean badminton player .
The 2009 ARAG World Team Cup was a tennis tournament play on outdoor clay courts .
Joanna Worek ( born 23 January 1986 in Pszczyna ) is a Polish chess player holding the title of Woman grandmaster .
Tiffany Jackson - Jones ( born April 26 , 1985 ) , is a basketball player for the Tulsa Shock in the WNBA.Jackson grew up in Duncanville , Texas .
Luc Brodeur - Jourdain ( born March 17 , 1983 ) is a Canadian football offensive lineman for the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League .
Wei Yi ( Chinese : 韦奕 ; pinyin : Wéi Yì ; born 2 June 1999 ) is a Chinese chess grandmaster and chess prodigy .
Jahri Evans ( born August 22 , 1983 ) is an American football offensive guard who currently a free agent of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
De'Teri Mayes ( August 5 , 1974 ) is a former Austrian - American professional basketball player .
Pat Flannery ( born September 23 , 1957 ) is a former head men 's basketball coach at Bucknell University .
Mike Tyson vs. James Smith , billed as `` Super Fight '' , was a professional boxing match contested on March 7 , 1987 for the WBA and WBC Heavyweight championships .
Progressive Field is a baseball park located in downtown Cleveland , Ohio , United States .
Yasser El Halaby , ( born September 30 , 1984 in Cairo ) is an Egyptian professional squash player .
Joseph Jacques Marcel Bonin ( born September 8 , 1931 ) is a retired Canadian ice hockey forward .
Tomas Masiulis ( born September 19 , 1975 ) is a retired Lithuanian professional basketball player and the current head coach of Žalgiris - Arvydas Sabonis school .
The ETTU Cup is the second most important continental tournament for clubs in European table tennis , after the European Champions League .
Joeli Vidiri ( born 23 November 1973 in Nausori , in the highlands of Nadi , Nadroga - Navosa Province , Fiji ) is a retired Fijian rugby union footballer who also played for the All Blacks .
The 1983 Pioneer Life World Women 's Curling Championship , the women 's world curling championship , was held from April 3 - 9 at the Moose Jaw Arena in Moose Jaw , Saskatchewan , Canada .
The Japan Golf Tour is a prominent golf tour .
La Piste de Bobsleigh des Pellerins ( Pellerins Bobsleigh Track in ( French ) ) was a bobsleigh track constructed for the 1924 Winter Olympics in Chamonix , France .
Scott Metcalfe ( born January 6 , 1967 in Toronto , Ontario and raised in Mississauga , Ontario ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player .
Gent Hawks is a Belgian professional basketball club that is located in the Gent area of the Province of East - Flanders , Belgium .
The HoPWF Six - Man Tag Team Championship was a professional wrestling tag team title in the House of Pain Wrestling Federation promotion .
The 2015 Miami Open presented by Itaú ( also known as 2015 Miami Masters ) was a professional men and women 's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts .
Gerhard Pfeiffer ( June 14 , 1923 -- June 27 , 2000 ) was a German chess master and chess problemist .
The FIBA Korać Cup was an annual basketball club competition held by FIBA between the 1971 - -72 and 2001 - -02 seasons .
Jonathan Drack ( born 16 November 1988 in Beau - Bassin Rose - Hill ) is a Mauritian athlete specialising in the triple jump .
Adem Hmam ( Arabic : آدم حمام‎ ) ( born 1995 ) is a Tunisian table tennis player , and is the highest ranked player in Tunisia .
Pentti Airikkala ( 4 September 1945 -- 30 September 2009 ) was one of the `` Flying Finns '' who dominated world rallying in the past four decades .
Daisuke Obara ( 小原 大輔 ) born June 4 , 1981 is a Japanese professional ice hockey center currently playing for the Nippon Paper Cranes of the Asia League .
Brad Herauf ( born August 24 , 1982 ) is an ice hockey coach and former professional ice hockey left wing who most recently played for the Charlotte Checkers of the American Hockey League .
The 2nd Chess Olympiad , organized by the Fédération Internationale des Échecs ( FIDE ) and comprising an open and women 's tournament , as well as several events designed to promote the game of chess , took place between July 21 and August 6 , 1928 in The Hague , Netherlands .
Kelly Haimona ( born 30 July 1986 ) is a New Zealand - born Italian international rugby union player , who can play Fly Half , Centre and Fullback .
Nicole Antibe ( born April 11 , 1974 in Paris , France ) is a French basketball player . Antibe has had 193 selections on the French national women 's basketball team from 1993 - 2005 .
Lionel Beauxis ( French pronunciation : ​(ljɔnɛl boksis ) ) ( born 24 October 1985 in Tarbes , Hautes - Pyrénées ) is a French rugby union player .
Rafał Feinmesser ( 1895 -- ? ) was a Polish chess master .
The 2017 Four Continents Figure Skating Championships will be a senior international figure skating competition in the 2016 - -17 season .
Ethnikos Alexandroupoli F.C. ( Greek : Εθνικός Αλεξανδρούπολης ) is an association football club based in Alexandroupoli , a city in the Evros prefecture of northern Greece .
The 2006 Fed Cup was the 44th edition of the most important competition between national teams in women 's tennis .
The Radiology Associates Field at Jackie Robinson Ballpark ( also known as Jackie Robinson Stadium or City Island Ball Park ) is a historic baseball field in Daytona Beach , Florida , United States .
Eva Twedberg ( earlier Eva Pettersson ; later Eva Stuart ) is a former Swedish badminton player who won women 's singles at numerous international championships .
The 1936 Australian Championships was a tennis tournament that took place on outdoor Grass courts at the Memorial Drive , Adelaide , Australia from 18 to 27 January ( No matches were scheduled on Monday 21 January after the death of King George V ) .
The Ukrainian Athletic Federation ( UAF ) ( Ukrainian : Федерація легкої атлетики України ( ФЛАУ ) ) - is the governing body for the sport of athletics in Ukraine .
Andres Vooremaa ( born 19 July 1944 ) is an Estonian chess player , who twice won the Estonian Chess Championship .
Hedwiga Rosenbaumová ( born 1880 - 1927 ) , also known as Hedwig Rosenbaum , was a tennis player who represented Bohemia .
The Perth Spirit is an Australian rugby union football team that competes in the National Rugby Championship ( NRC ) .
Ko Sung - hyun ( 고성현 ; born May 21 , 1987 ) is an internationally elite badminton player from South Korea .
Phillippe Aumont ( born January 7 , 1989 ) is a Canadian professional baseball pitcher with the Chicago White Sox organization .
The Chinese Taipei national korfball team is managed by the Chinese Taipei Korfball Association ( CTKA ) , representing Taiwan in korfball international competitions .
The Goldfields Titans was a semi professional rugby league club based in Kalgoorlie - Boulder , Western Australia , Australia .
The USSR Premier Basketball League , or Soviet Union Premier Basketball League ( also called Supreme League ) , was the first - tier men 's professional basketball league in the former Soviet Union .
The 2013 IMT - GT Cup or IMT - GT Friendship Football 2013 was invited association football tournament that featured six teams and was staged on 23 September 2013 to 29 September 2013 in Satun , Thailand .
Demetri Catrakilis ( born ) is a South African rugby union player , of Greek and Cypriot origin , who plays for French Top 14 side .
The 2008 Beach Handball World Championships are a twelve - team tournament in both men 's and women 's beach handball , held in the Cadiz at Cadiz beach in Andalusia , Spain between July 9 and July 13 .
The Federal Amateur Hockey League ( FAHL ) was a Canadian men 's senior - level ice hockey league that played six seasons , from 1904 to 1909 .
Diego de Paz Pazo ( born September 25 , 1971 in Sevilla ) is a wheelchair basketball athlete from Spain .
The 2011 Nile Basin Tournament was an association football tournament organized by the Egyptian Football Association .
The 1968 Air Canada Silver Broom -- also known as the men 's world curling championship -- was held in Pointe - Claire , Quebec , Canada at the Pointe Claire Arena .
Yuniesky Betancourt Pérez ( born January 31 , 1982 ) is a Cuban professional baseball shortstop .
Matti Kuparinen ( born October 16 , 1984 ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for HIFK of the Finnish SM - liiga .
The 2011 German Figure Skating Championships ( German : Deutsche Meisterschaften i m Eiskunstlaufen 2011 ) was a national competition in the 2010 - -11 figure skating season .
Žan Tabak ( born June 15 , 1970 ) is a Croatian former professional basketball player and coach .
The 2007 NBA Europe Live Tour was a basketball exhibition tour featuring teams from the NBA and teams from Europe 's top professional leagues , as part of the NBA Global Games .
IUVENTA Michalovce is a Slovak handball club based in Michalovce , that plays in the Women 's Handball International League ( WHIL ) , an international championship organized for Czech and Slovak teams .
Juan García Lorenzana , known as Juanín García , ( born 28 August 1977 in León ) is a Spanish handball player .
Warren Russell Oatman ( February 19 , 1905 -- October 25 , 1964 ) - was a Canadian professional ice hockey player .
The London International Basketball Invitational was a men 's basketball competition .
The Booz Allen Classic was a regular golf tournament on the PGA Tour from 1968 to 2006 .
The LEN Euro Cup is a second - tier European water polo club competition run by the Ligue Européenne de Natation for those clubs who did not qualify for the LEN Champions League .
Alexandre Lesiège ( born August 18 , 1975 ) is a Canadian chess grandmaster , who has won three Canadian championships and represented Canada in World Championship qualifying events and Olympiads .
Igor Zhdanov ( Latvian : Igors Ždanovs ; Russian : Игорь Николаевич Жданов ; July 27 , 1920 , Cesvaine , Latvia -- December 25 , 1996 , Rīga , Latvia ) is a Latvian chess master who won the Latvian Chess Championship in 1943 .
Jace Daniels ( born March 3 , 1989 ) an American football offensive tackle for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League .
Brian Lashoff ( born July 16 , 1990 ) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman , who is currently playing for the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League ( AHL ) .
Méribel Ice Palace is an indoor ice hockey arena in Méribel , France .
András Ádám - Stolpa ( born 15 September 1921 -- 8 November 2010 ) was a Hungarian champion tennis , basketball and ice hockey player .
Joseph Alton Byrd ( born 1950s ) is an American basketball player who also holds British citizenship .
Clifton McNeely ( June 22 , 1919 -- December 26 , 2003 ) was an American basketball player and coach .
Wu Jingyu started training in taekwondo aged 12 .
The 2014 European Cup was an international rugby league football tournament .
Mark Brisker ( born September 22 , 1969 ) is an American - Israeli 1.96 m ( 6 ft 5 in ) tall former basketball guard .
Pedro Damiano ( in Portuguese , Pedro Damião ; Damiano is the Italian form , much like the Latin Damianus ) was a Portuguese chess player who lived from 1480 to 1544 .
The 2008 Masters France was a non - ATP affiliated exhibition tennis tournament .
Sergio Rodríguez Gómez ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈserxjo roˈðɾiɣeθ ) ; born June 12 , 1986 ) is a Spanish professional basketball player for Real Madrid of the Spanish League .
The EuroLeague Women ( officially FIBA EuroLeague Women ) is the highest professional basketball league in Europe for women 's clubs .
Mohibullah Khan is a former squash player from Pakistan .
Tiffany Stansbury ( born January 16 , 1983 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) is an American professional basketball player in the WNBA .
SuperSport Park is a cricket ground in Centurion , Gauteng , South Africa .
The Albuquerque Dukes were a minor league baseball team based in Albuquerque , New Mexico , USA .
Angelique Widjaja ( Chinese : 黄依林 ; pinyin : Huang Yīlín ) ( born 12 December 1984 ) is a retired Chinese Indonesian professional tennis player .
Ritten Sport are a professional Italian ice hockey team from Ritten , Italy .
The Ferrari Challenge is a single - marque motorsport championship that was created in 1993 for owners of the 348 Berlinetta who wanted to become involved in racing .
Antonin Rouzier ( born 18 August 1986 ) is a French volleyball player , a member of France men 's national volleyball team and Turkish club Arkas Izmir , European Champion 2015 , gold medalist of the World League 2015 , silver medalist of the European Championship 2009 , French Champion ( 2011 ) .
Hans - Joachim Hecht ( born January 29 , 1939 , Luckenwalde , Brandenburg ) is a German chess player and twice the national champion .
Finlandia - hiihto ( Swedish : Finlandialoppet ) is a long - distance cross - country skiing competition , held annually in Finland in February .
Tarik Benhabiles ( born 5 February 1965 in Algiers , Algeria ) is a former Algerian - French tennis player .
Sven Riederer ( born March 27 , 1981 ) is an athlete from Switzerland , who competes in triathlon .
Fred VanVleet ( born February 25 , 1994 ) is an American college basketball player for Wichita State where he is playing his senior season for the 2015 - -16 team .
KS Cukierki Odra Brzeg is a Polish women basketball team , based in Brzeg , playing in Ford Germaz Ekstraklasa ( PLKK ) .
Gippsland Falcons SC were an Australian association football ( soccer ) team based in Morwell , Australia .
Lucia Romanov - Stark ( née Romanov ; born 28 April 1959 ) is a professional Romanian retired tennis player and former member of the Romania Fed Cup team .
K. Berchem Sport is a Belgian association football club based in the district of Berchem in the municipality of Antwerp and currently playing in the Belgian Third Division B. It has formerly played in the first division .
The 2001 Betty Barclay Cup was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Hamburg in Germany and was part of Tier II of the 2001 WTA Tour .
The 1988 European Indoors was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Hallenstadion in Zürich in Switzerland and was part of Tier IV of the 1988 WTA Tour .
Dave Bike ( born March 14 , 1946 ) was the former men 's head basketball coach at Sacred Heart University .
Ripon Rugby Union Football Club is a rugby union club based in Ripon , Borough of Harrogate , North Yorkshire .
The Advanta Championships of Philadelphia ( also long known as the Virginia Slims of Philadelphia ) was a WTA Tour professional tennis tournament for women played from 1971 through 2005 in Philadelphia , United States .
Satoko Suetsuna ( born January 30 , 1981 ) is a badminton player from Japan .
The Solingen Alligators are a baseball and softball club from Solingen , North Rhine - Westphalia .
František Tikal ( July 18 , 1933 -- August 10 , 2008 ) was a Czechoslovak ice hockey player who played in the Czechoslovak Extraliga .
Lita Liem Sugiarto ( born 27 February 1946 ) , sometimes known by her maiden name Lita Liem , a former Indonesian professional tennis player .
Andreas Rauscher ( born January 25 , 1978 ) is an Austrian former professional association football player and coach .
The Bosuilstadion is an association football stadium in the city of Antwerp , Belgium .
FIBA Oceania Championship is the name commonly used to refer to the Oceania basketball championships that take every two years between national teams of the continent .
The 1999 Open Gaz de France was a WTA tennis tournament , played on indoor hardcourts .
Rugby Nice Côte d'Azur Université - Racing was a French rugby union club , which went into liquidation in June 2012 .
The 1982 Swedish Open was a men 's professional tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts and held in Båstad , Sweden .
The Vuelta a Guatemala ( Spanish for Tour of Guatemala ) is a multi - day road bicycle racing stage race held annually and typically during late October and early November in several locations in Guatemala .
Rivas Osos ( Rivas Bears in English language ) is an American football team based in Rivas - Vaciamadrid , Community of Madrid ( Spain ) .
Liezel Huber ( née Horn ; born 21 August 1976 ) is a professional tennis player from the United States , having been a naturalized American citizen since July 2007 .
Donovan Solano Preciado ( born December 17 , 1987 ) is a Colombian professional baseball second baseman in the New York Yankees organization .
Dominique Harize , born 26 February 1956 , was a rugby union player who was capped 9 times .
Sheldon Wong ( born 13 July 1960 ) is a Jamaican chess player who now resides in Orlando , Florida .
The Rugby League World Golden Boot Award is a rugby league award handed out annually for achievements in rugby league by Rugby League World magazine .
Tatyana Karakashyants ( née Vereina ; Russian : Татьяна Каракашьянц née Вереина , December 21 , 1925 -- October 13 , 2004 ) was a Soviet diver and diving coach .
The Brasil Open is a tennis tournament held annually in São Paulo , Brazil .
Lars - Eric Lundvall ( born 3 April 1934 ) is a retired Swedish ice hockey player and coach .
José Edvar Simões is a former Brazilian basketball player .
LaQuinton Ross ( born November 18 , 1991 ) is an American professional basketball player who plays for Pallacanestro Cantù of the Italian Serie A. He played college basketball for the Ohio State Buckeyes before declaring for the 2014 NBA draft .
The 2007 FIVB Volleyball World League was the 18th edition of the annual men 's international volleyball tournament , played by 16 countries from 25 May to 15 July 2007 .
Davis Webb ( born January 22 , 1995 in Prosper , Texas ) is an American football quarterback .
Shawn James ( born September 10 , 1983 ) is a Guyanese born American professional basketball player who last played for Olympiacos Piraeus of the Greek Basket League and the Euroleague .
The 1984 Football League Cup Final ( billed as the Milk Cup Final ) was an association football match between Liverpool and Everton .
Eugène Mougin ( 17 November 1852 -- 28 December 1923 ) was a French competitor in the sport of archery .
The 2007 Coupe Internationale de Nice ( English : 2007 International Cup of Nice ) was the Coupe Internationale de Nice competition for the 2007 - -08 figure skating season .
The 2012 NBA All - Star Game was an exhibition basketball game which was played on February 26 , 2012 at 7:30 p.m. EST at the Amway Center in Orlando , Florida , home of the Orlando Magic .
Vladimír Martinec ( born December 22 , 1949 in Lomnice nad Popelkou , Czechoslovakia ) was a Czech ice hockey right wing in the 1970s .
The Pequeño Reyes del Aire Tournament ( Spanish for the `` Little Kings of the Air '' ) is an annual wrestling tournament promoted by the Mexican professional wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre ( CMLL ) and has been held since 2007 , holding two tournaments in 2012 , and one every other year .
The Philadelphia Ramblers were a minor professional ice hockey team based in the Philadelphia Arena in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Andrius Giedraitis ( born July 23 , 1973 ) was a Lithuanian professional basketball player .
The 2002 World University Baseball Championship was an under-23 international college baseball tournament that was held from August 2 to 11 , 2002 .
Yaal Blazers is a franchise cricket team based in Kurunegala , Sri Lanka .
The 2012 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament began on Friday , June 1 , 2012 as part of the 2012 NCAA Division I baseball season .
Eugenio Torre ( born November 4 , 1951 ) is a chess grandmaster ( GM ) .
The Spain national rugby union team ( sevens ) represents Spain in international rugby sevens competitions .
EV Landshut , also known as EVL Landshut Eishockey and formerly known as the Landshut Cannibals , are a professional ice hockey team based in Landshut , Bavaria , Germany .
Odrisamer Despaigne Orue ( /ˈoʊdriˌsɑːmər dɛsˈpɑːnˌjeɪ/ born April 4 , 1987 ) is a Cuban professional baseball pitcher for the Baltimore Orioles of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) .
The ICC Champions Trophy is a One Day International ( ODI ) cricket tournament organised by the International Cricket Council ( ICC ) , second in importance only to the Cricket World Cup .
Stephen Black ( born 5 April 1980 ) is an Australian former professional basketball player who last played for the Cairns Taipans of the NBL .
Keith Oxlee ( 17 December 1934 -- 31 August 1998 ) was a Springbok rugby union player who represented South Africa in 19 tests between 1960 and 1965 .
Ilya Gurevich ( born February 8 , 1972 in Kiev ) is a Soviet - born American chess grandmaster .
The 2008 Big East Men 's Basketball Tournament , a part of the 2007 - 08 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season , took place from March 12 - -
KK Metalac Valjevo ( Serbian Cyrillic : КК Металац Ваљево ) is a professional basketball club from Valjevo , Serbia , currently participating in the Adriatic League and the KLS .
George Foreman vs. Axel Schulz , billed as `` Celebration '' , was a professional boxing match contested on April 22 , 1995 for Foreman 's IBF and lineal heavyweight championships , as well as the vacant WBU heavyweight championship .
The 2013 Sony Open Tennis ( also known as 2013 Miami Masters ) , a men 's and women 's tennis tournament , was the 29th edition of the Miami Masters event and played on outdoor hard courts at the Tennis Center at Crandon Park in Miami .
The Ford C. Frick Award is presented annually by the National Baseball Hall of Fame in the United States to a broadcaster for `` major contributions to baseball . ''
Dennis Vanendert ( born 27 June 1988 ) is a Belgian professional road bicycle racer and cyclo - cross rider , who rides for UCI ProTeam Lotto - Soudal .
Daniela Hantuchová ( Slovak pronunciation : ( ˈdaɲiela ˈɦantuxoʋaː ) ; born 23 April 1983 ) is a Slovak tennis player .
Kevin Asselin ( born February 9 , 1985 in Acton Vale , Quebec ) is a professional ice hockey player .
The 2012 Arab Cup U-17 was an association football tournament between Arabic countries played in July 2012 and hosted in Tunisia .
Aigars Šķēle ( born December 4 , 1992 in Riga , Latvia ) is a professional basketball player who is currently playing for the Latvian club BK Valmiera on loan from VEF Rīga .
The 2015 Rostelecom Cup ( also known as Cup of Russia ) was an international figure skating competition in the 2015 - -16 season .
James Enright ( April 3 , 1910 -- December 20 , 1981 ) was a college and professional basketball referee and sportswriter .
The Gungahlin Football Club is a semi - professional community based Australian rules football club based in Gungahlin , Australian Capital Territory .
The Nehru Cup ( more formally known as the ONGC Nehru Cup ) is an international association football tournament organised by the All India Football Federation ( AIFF ) .
The 1985 Virginia Slims of Utah was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts in Salt Lake City , Utah , United States .
Victor Holt , Jr. ( May 8 , 1908 -- April 22 , 1988 ) was an American college basketball standout at Oklahoma in the late 1920s .
Cyril Suk III ( born 29 January 1967 in Prague , Czechoslovakia ) is a former professional tennis player .
Virtus Entella ( usually referred as simply Entella or Chiavari Entella ) is an Italian association football club , based in Chiavari , Liguria .
Boris Kristančič ( November 21 , 1931 -- October 29 , 2015 ) was a Slovene basketball player and coach .
Rudy Distrito ( born May 17 , 1958 in Bacolod City ) , is a retired Filipino professional basketball player in the Philippine Basketball Association .
The 2009 Shanghai ATP Masters 1000 ( also known as the 2009 Shanghai ATP Masters 1000 - -presented by Rolex ) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts .
Ari - Pekka Selin ( born May 17 , 1963 ) is a former professional ice hockey player and coach .
Brian Liebenberg ( born 19 September 1979 in Benoni ) is a South Africa - born French rugby union footballer .
Miloslav Gureň ( born September 24 , 1976 in Uherské Hradiště , Czechoslovakia ) is a professional ice hockey player who played 36 games in the National Hockey League .
Regina Narva ( born May 19 , 1970 ) , née Rõtova , is an Estonian chess Woman FIDE Master ( 2007 ) .
The 1999 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts .
Orlandina Basket , known as Betaland Capo d'Orlando for sponsorship reasons , is an Italian professional basketball club based in Capo d'Orlando , Sicily .
Porto Ravenna Volley was a historical volleyball club from the city of Ravenna in Emilia - Romagna .
BK Opava is a Czech professional basketball club based in the historical city of Opava .
Michael Colin Cowdrey , Baron Cowdrey of Tonbridge , CBE ( 24 December 1932 -- 4 December 2000 ) , better known as Colin Cowdrey , played for Oxford University Cricket Club ( 1952 - -54 ) , Kent County Cricket Club ( 1950 - 76 ) and the England cricket team ( 1954 - -75 ) .
Stockholmspolisens IF also has departments in team handball , basketball , football , judo and , triathlon .
Tyaunna Marshall ( born December 22 , 1992 ) is a professional basketball player who currently plays in the for the Indiana Fever of the Women 's National Basketball Association .
The Maui Rugby Club are an American rugby union and rugby league team based in Maui , Hawaii .
The Internazionali Femminili di Brescia is a tournament for professional female tennis players played on outdoor hard courts .
Grainville Cricket Ground is a cricket ground in Saint Saviour , Jersey .
Werner Greeff ( born 14 July 1977 in Bellville , Western Cape ) is a former South African rugby union player .
Bojan Janić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бојан Јанић born 11 March 1982 in Leskovac , SR Serbia , Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian volleyball player and former captain of the Serbia national team .
The European Men 's and Women 's Team Badminton Championships is a tournament organized by the Badminton Europe ( BE ) , held once every two years to crown the best badminton men 's and women 's national teams in Europe .
The 2001 ANZ Tasmanian International was a women 's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Hobart International Tennis Centre in Hobart in Australia and was part of Tier V of the 2001 WTA Tour .
Clanfield F.C. is an association football club in Clanfield , near Carterton , England .
The Bulgarian Chess Championship is an event inaugurated in 1933 to crown the best chess player in Bulgaria .
The 2010 Asia Cup was the tenth edition of the Asia Cup cricket tournament , which was held in Sri Lanka from 15 - -24 June 2010 .
Emirates Club ( Arabic : نادي الامارات‎ ) is a professional association football club based in the city of Ras al - Khaimah in the United Arab Emirates .
The Slovenian Basketball Cup is an annual professional basketball competition between clubs from Slovenia .
The Colorado Xplosion was the first women 's professional basketball franchise in Colorado , an American Basketball League ( ABL ) team based in Denver .
Mark Siebeck ( born October 14 , 1975 in Schkeuditz , Saxony ) is a volleyball player from Germany , who played for the Men 's National Team in the 2000s .
The Rome Marathon is an annual marathon competition hosted by the city of Rome , Italy on a Sunday of March .
Declan Fitzpatrick ( born 12 July 1983 ) is an Irish former rugby union footballer .
The 1995 Open 13 was a men 's Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Marseille , France and played on indoor carpet courts .
The 1971 Women 's European Volleyball Championship was the eighth edition of the event , organised by Europe 's governing volleyball body , the Confédération Européenne de Volleyball .
Molteni was an Italian professional road bicycle racing team from 1958 until the end of 1976 .
KHL Sisak is a Croatian ice hockey team that occasionally plays in the Croatian Ice Hockey Championship .
Rovaniemen Santasport is a former professional volleyball team from Rovaniemi , Finland .
Jake Christensen ( born August 15 , 1986 ) is former American football quarterback for the Dresden Monarchs football team in the German Football League .
Edward Löwe ( also Eduard Loewe ; 23 September 1794 -- 24 February 1880 ) was a Bohemian - born , after 1830 naturalized English chess master .
The Chinese Volleyball League , often abbreviated to the CVL , is the pre - eminent men 's and women 's professional volleyball leagues in China .
Janet Ely coaches diving at the Mission Viejo Nadadores in Mission Viejo , California .
Confederación Sudamericana de Voleibol ( CSV ) or Portuguese Confederação Sul - americana de Voleibol is the continental governing body for the sport of volleyball in South America .
François Joseph Marie Antoine Blanchy , best known as François Blanchy ( French pronunciation : ​(fʁɑ̃swa blɑ̃ʃi ) ; 12 December 1886 -- 2 October 1960 ) was a tennis player competing for France .
The 2011 Durand Cup is the 124th edition of the Durand Cup , the third oldest association football competition in the world .
The Longford Football Club is an Australian rules football club based in Longford , Tasmania which currently compete in the modern Northern Tasmanian Football Association .
The 2007 Florida Gators football team represented the University of Florida in the sport of American football during the 2007 college football season .
The Lausitzer Füchse ( literally Lusatian Foxes ) is a professional ice hockey team based in Weißwasser , Saxony .
Ladislav Hecht ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈladɪslaf ˈɦɛxt ) ; Hungarian : Hecht László ( ˈhɛkt ˈlaːsloː ) ; August 31 , 1909 -- May 27 , 2004 ; ) was a Jewish professional tennis player , well known for representing Czechoslovakia in the Davis Cup during the 1930s where he compiled an 18 victories 19 losses record .
SC Bregenz is an Austrian association football club from Austria , based in the town of Bregenz , which was founded in 1919 .
DeAndre Carter ( born April 10 , 1993 ) is an American football wide receiver who is currently a member of the New England Patriots .
The Immortal Zugzwang Game is a chess game between Friedrich Sämisch and Aron Nimzowitsch , played in Copenhagen 1923 .
Right after the match completion , the number 15 , which was used by Juan Carlos Plata during his whole career , was officially retired from CSD Municipal , being the first and only soccer player in Guatemala who is granted with this honour , thus he forms part of the Retired numbers in association football .
The Women 's Hockey Junior World Cup is the field hockey Junior World Cup competition for women , with the format for qualification and the final tournament similar to the men 's .
Glenhis Hernández ( born 7 October 1990 in Havana ) is a taekwondo practitioner from Cuba .
The 1972 CFL Draft composed of nine rounds where 70 Canadian football players that were chosen exclusively from eligible Canadian universities .
Sandgate - Redcliffe Gators District Cricket Club is a cricket club in Sandgate , Queensland , and Redcliffe , Queensland , Australia .
Luděk Bukač , born 4 August 1935 in Ústí nad Labem , Czechoslovakia is a Czechoslovakia , later Czech , ice hockey player and manager .
Amos Dee was a Welsh professional association football player of the 1920s .
Amit Simhon ( Hebrew : עמית שמחון‎ ; born October 22 , 1989 ) is an Israeli basketball player .
Marcelo Dilglay Damiao ( born 19 March 1975 in Campinas , São Paulo , Brazil ) is a Brazilian - Italian basketball player .
The Welsh International is an international badminton championship held in Wales since 1928 and is thereby one of the oldest badminton tournaments in the world .
Alon Stein ( Hebrew : אלון שטיין‎ ; born January 4 , 1978 ) is a German - Israeli former professional basketball player and assistant coach of Maccabi Tel Aviv .
Harvey Carey ( born March 18 , 1979 ) is a Filipino - American professional basketball player born in San Francisco , California and currently playing for the TNT Tropang Texters in the Philippine Basketball Association .
Leonidas Skoutaris ( Greek : Λεωνίδας Σκούταρης ; born 28 August 1976 in Athens , Greece ) , is a retired Greek professional basketball player .
Jochen Schöps ( born 8 October 1983 ) is a German volleyball player , a member of Germany men 's national volleyball team and Polish club Asseco Resovia Rzeszów , a gold medalist of European League 2009 , a bronze medalist of the World Championship 2014 , Polish Champion ( 2015 ) .
The UEFA Youth League ( originally titled as the UEFA U-19 Champions League ) is an association football competition for all under age players registered to the 32 senior clubs that qualify for the group stage of the UEFA Champions League , plus 32 domestic youth champions .
The 2012 Women 's Six Nations Championship , also known as the 2012 RBS Women 's Six Nations due to the tournament 's sponsorship by the Royal Bank of Scotland , was be the 11th series of the Women 's Six Nations Championship , an annual women 's rugby union competition between six European rugby union national teams .
The 2010 IIHF World Women 's U18 Championship is the third junior female world ice hockey championships .
Ademir da Guia ( born 3 April 1942 ) is a retired professional footballer who played during the 1960s and 1970s for Palmeiras , a leading association football team in Brazil , where he is still regarded as one of the club 's all - time best players .
Popularly referred to as `` Arch Madness '' , the 2010 Missouri Valley Conference Men 's Basketball Tournament as part of the 2009 - -10 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season was played in St. Louis , Missouri March 4 - -7 , 2010 .
Jaouad Achab ( born August 20 , 1992 ) is a taekwondo practitioner from Belgium .
Dušan Katnić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Душан Катнић ; born March 3 , 1989 ) is a Serbian professional basketball player who plays for Igokea of the ABA League and the Bosnian League .
Marcel Höhlig ( born April 14 , 1979 in Rodewisch ) is a Nordic combined athlete from Germany who has competed since 2000 .
The 1920 Buffalo All - Americans season was the franchise 's inaugural season with the American Professional Football Association ( APFA ) , an American football league , and fifth total as a team .
The 2011 PGA Tour of Australasia was a series of men 's professional golf events played mainly in Australia .
The Tucson Thunder Kats are a professional indoor football ( a variation of American football ) team that was planning to begin play in the American Indoor Football Association for the 2011 season .
Lucy Soutter ( born in Cirencester , Gloucestershire , United Kingdom ) is a former professional squash player from England .
Bruno Guttowski ( 8 November 1924 -- 4 July 1977 ) was a professional ice hockey player .
The winners of the 1995 Asian Cup Winners ' Cup , the association football competition run by the Asian Football Confederation , are listed below .
The 2009 Friends Provident Trophy was an English county cricket tournament held between 19 April and 25 July 2009 .
Rochelle Ballantyne ( born 1995 ) is an African American chess player .
Mate Skelin ( born December 13 , 1974 in Zagreb , SR Croatia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a retired Croatian basketball player .
Martin Damm ( born 1 August 1972 ) is a former a professional tennis player from the Czech Republic .
The Milan Vidmar Memorial is a chess tournament commemorating Milan Vidmar ( 1885 - -1962 ) , a leading Slovenian grandmaster .
Kevin Fletcher ( born January 11 , 1980 ) is an American - born naturalized Macedonian professional basketball player .
Chris Whitaker ( born 19 October 1974 ) is an Australian retired rugby union footballer .
Janet Newberry ( born August 6 , 1953 ) is an American former professional tennis player who was active in the 1970s .
Alan Damian Bender ( Hebrew : אלן דמיאן בנדר‎ ; born 16 February 1986 ) is a retired Argentine - Israeli association football player who last played for Punta del Este in Uruguay .
Pauliasi Taulava ( born March 2 , 1973 ) , also known as Asi Taulava , is a Tongan - Filipino professional basketball player in the Philippines who currently plays for the NLEX Road Warriors in the Philippine Basketball Association .
The 2012 McDonald 's All - American Girls Game is an All - star basketball game that was played on March 28 , 2011 at the United Center in Chicago , Illinois , home of the Chicago Bulls .
The 2004 FIBA Africa Under-20 Championship was the only FIBA Africa Under-20 Championship , played under the rules of FIBA , the world governing body for basketball , and the FIBA Africa thereof .
Roscommon Racecourse is a horse racing venue located in Roscommon , County Roscommon , Ireland , approximately 76 km north east of Galway and 136 km west of Dublin .
Nicolai Jasnogrodsky ( 6 August 1859 , Lubny -- 23 April 1914 , New York ) was a Russian -- born American chess master .
Thales McReynolds ( June 8 , 1943 - July 3 , 1988 ) was an NBA basketball player for the Baltimore Bullets .
Andrea Gardini ( born 1 October 1965 ) is a former Italian volleyball player , medalist of the Olympic Games , three - time World Champion ( 1990 , 1994 , 1998 ) , European Champion 1989 , head coach of Polish club Indykpol AZS Olsztyn .
The 2001 Jordan League was the 51st season of Jordan Premier League , the top - flight league for Jordanian association football clubs .
The WXW Women 's Championship is the top female professional wrestling title in the World Xtreme Wrestling promotion .
Martine Le Moignan , MBE ( born 28 October 1962 , Guernsey , Channel Islands ) is a former professional squash player , who was one of the game 's leading players in the 1980s and early-1990s .
Mubarak International Stadium ( Arabic : ستاد مبارك الدولي‎ ) is an all - seated association football stadium in Suez , Egypt .
The World Amateur Golf Ranking for men was introduced by the R&A , the governing body of amateur golf outside the United States and Mexico , on 23 January 2007 .
Johanna Ahlm ( born 3 October 1987 ) is a Swedish handball player who plays for FCM Håndbold and the Sweden women 's national handball team .
The 1997 U.S. Women 's Hard Court Championships was a women 's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Stone Mountain Tennis Center in Atlanta , Georgia in the United States that was part of Tier II of the 1997 WTA Tour .
The 2012 Japan Super Series was the ninth super series tournament of the 2012 BWF Super Series in badminton .
The 2013 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship Division B was the ninth edition of the Division B of the FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship , the second tier of basketball European U-20 championships .
Fredensborg Boldklub og Idrætsforening ( Danish : Fredensborg Ball and Sports Club ) , known as Fredensborg BI , is a Danish association football club located in the municipality of Fredensborg , which plays in the Denmark Series .
Amber Jacobs ( born June 29 , 1982 ) is the assistant athletic director for Summit University and is also their head women 's basketball coach .
Uzi Geller ( Hebrew : עוזי גלר‎ ; born 27 January 1931 , in kibbutz Givat Chaim ) is an Israeli chess master .
The Croatian Chess Federation ( Croatian : Hrvatski šahovski savez , HŠS ) is a chess governing body in Croatia .
Carlos Jiménez Sánchez ( born February 10 , 1976 ) is a Spanish former professional basketball player and current assistant coach of the Unicaja .
Welvis Dias Marcelino , better known as Vivinho ( March 10 , 1961 -- September 13 , 2015 ) , was an association football striker , who played in several Brazilian Série A clubs .
Georgios Amerikanos ( alternate spelling : Giorgos ) ( Greek : Γιώργος Αμερικάνος ; December 21 , 1942 -- October 7 , 2013 ) was a Greek professional basketball player and basketball coach .
Saki Minemura ( 峯村沙紀 Minemura Saki , born April 18 , 1990 ) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Toray Arrows .
National League 1 , ( which was known before September 2009 as National Division Two ) , is the third level of domestic rugby union competition in England .
Ronn Tomassoni is a retired American ice hockey player and coach .
The 2011 Mexican Figure Skating Championships were the Mexican Figure Skating Championships of the 2010 - -11 figure skating season .
The Kehoe Cup ( Irish : Corn Mhic Eochaidh ) is an annual hurling competition organised by the Leinster Council of the Gaelic Athletic Association ( GAA ) since 1977 for second- and third - tier inter - county teams in the province of Leinster in Ireland .
The Macon Trax were a minor - league professional ice hockey team based in Macon , Georgia .
Teresa Edwards ( born July 19 , 1964 ) is an American former women 's basketball player .
Qiu Li ( Chinese : 邱礼 , born June 6 , 1981 in Shenyang , Liaoning , China ) is a naturalised Chinese - Singaporean professional association football player .
The 2010 European Trophy was a European ice hockey tournament , played between 11 August and 5 September 2010 .
Derek Edwardson ( born August 26 , 1981 ) is an American born Italian professional ice hockey player who is currently an Unrestricted Free Agent .
The 2006 Orange Prokom Open was the ninth edition of this men 's tennis tournament and was played on outdoor clay courts .
The Royal Belgian Hockey Association ( Dutch : Koninklijke Belgische Hockey Bond ; French : Association Royale Belge de Hockey ) is the governing body for the game of ( field ) hockey in Belgium .
Zaheer Khan ( born 7 October 1978 ) is a former Indian cricketer who was a member of the Indian national cricket team from 2000 till 2014 .
The Hershey Bears are an American professional ice hockey team based in Hershey , Pennsylvania .
Georgi Joseph ( born November 23 , 1982 ) is a French professional basketball player who plays for French Pro A league club ASVEL .
Thomas Briels ( 23 August 1987 , Wilrijk ) is a Belgian international field hockey player .
The British Flyweight Championship is a British flyweight professional wrestling championship currently defended in XWA .
The 2011 Rally Australia was the 21st Rally Australia and the tenth round of the 2011 World Rally Championship season .
Prime Doleshwar Sporting Club is a team that plays List A cricket in the Dhaka Premier League .
The 1996 Danamon Open was a women 's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Gelora Senayan Stadium in Jakarta in Indonesia and was part of Tier III of the 1996 WTA Tour .
Silkeborg - Hallerne is a complex of indoor sports arenas in Silkeborg , Denmark used for several sports , but primarily handball .
On October 3 , 1951 , after watching the New York Giants defeat the Brooklyn Dodgers to win the National League Pennant on a tiny little black and white TV , Ed Lucas , who was just twelve years old , went out to play baseball with his friends .
Mario Ledesma Arocena ( born 17 May 1973 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine rugby union football coach and a former professional player .
The Royal Moroccan Athletics Federation ( Fédération Royale Marocaine d’Athlétisme , FRMA ) is Morocco 's governing body for the sport of athletics .
AMSL Fréjus Volleyball ( Association municipale des sports et loisirs de Fréjus volley - ball ) is a French volleyball club , section of the AMSL Fréjus multi - sports club , which now plays in the fourth division , but in its history has several national titles .
Mohammad Fanaei ( born 23 December 1951 in Tehran , Iran ) is a former Iranian association football ( soccer ) referee .
Nonito Donaire vs. Guillermo Rigondeaux was a professional boxing match fought in the super bantamweight division .
The 1998 Sydney International was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the NSW Tennis Centre in Sydney in Australia that was part of the International Series of the 1998 ATP Tour and of Tier II of the 1998 WTA Tour .
FSV Braunfels is a German association football club established in 1918 in Braunfels , Hesse .
The 2011 ITU Sprint Distance Triathlon World Championships was a triathlon race organised by the International Triathlon Union ( ITU ) held in Lausanne , Switzerland on August 20 .
The Chess'n Math Association ( or Chess and Math Association ) is a non - profit organization dedicated to bringing chess into Canadian schools .
SK Horácká Slavia Třebíč is an ice hockey team in Třebíč , Czech Republic .
William Hopoate also known as Viliami in Tonga ( born 9 May 1992 ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Canterbury - Bankstown Bulldogs in the National Rugby League .
The Eurobowl is both the final game and the trophy of the BIG6 European Football League ( BIG6 ) , a European American football contest .
Sensible Soccer , often affectionately known as Sensi , is an association football video game series which was highly popular in the early 1990s and which still retains a cult following .
Tadas Sedekerskis ( born January 17 , 1998 ) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player who plays for Peñas Huesca of LEB Oro out on loan from Laboral Kutxa Baskonia of Liga ACB .
Chantal de Bruijn ( born February 13 , 1976 in Schoonhoven ) is a Dutch field hockey defender who has played for Dutch clubs Shinty , SV Kampong and Amsterdam .
The 1997 Danamon Open was a women 's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Gelora Senayan Stadium in Jakarta in Indonesia and was part of Tier IV of the 1997 WTA Tour .
Mitch Unrein ( born March 25 , 1987 ) is an American football defensive end and Goaline Fullback for the Chicago Bears of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
The Liga Portuguesa de Basquetebol ( English : Portuguese Basketball League ) is the top men 's basketball league in Portugal .
Nolan Richardson , Jr. ( born December 27 , 1941 ) is an American basketball head coach best known for his tenure at the University of Arkansas , where he won the 1994 NCAA Men 's Division I Basketball Tournament .
The 1988 WTA German Open was a women 's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Rot - Weiss Tennis Club in West Berlin and was part of Tier I of the 1988 WTA Tour .
Jordy Hultberg , a former LSU basketball player ( 1976 - -80 ) and assistant basketball coach under Dale Brown ( 1980 - -83 ) , is the sideline reporter for the LSU Sports Radio Network as well as the New Orleans Hornets on Cox Sports Television .
Orla Hermann Krause ( 3 November 1867 -- 28 September 1935 ) was a Danish chess master and analyst .
Jacob Aagaard ( born 31 July 1973 ) is a Danish - born Scottish chess grandmaster and the 2007 British Chess Champion .
Taffin Khan is a Guyanese chess player of Indian descent .
Stephen Oziegebe Ojomoh , known as Steve Ojomoh ( born Benin City , 25 May 1970 ) , is a Nigerian - born English former rugby union footballer and a current coach .
The San Francisco Giants are a professional baseball team based in San Francisco , California .
Alles Door Oefening Den Haag ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈɑləs doːr ˈufənɪŋ dɛn ˈɦaːx ) ) , commonly known by the abbreviated name ADO Den Haag ( ˈaːdoː dɛn ˈɦaːx ) , is a Dutch ( association football ) club from the city of The Hague .
Cory Bradford ( born December 4 , 1978 ) was a former high school , college , and professional basketball player .
Mirko Novosel ( born June 30 , 1938 in Zagreb , Kingdom of Yugoslavia ) is a retired Croatian basketball player , referee and coach .
The Cup of China is one of the series of six senior - level , international figure skating competitions held as part of the ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating .
Joe Stanley ( born 13 April 1957 ) is a former rugby union player .
The Central Coast Centurions were an Australian rugby league football club ( previously known as the Rip or Storm ) based in the Central Coast region in New South Wales .
Mathieu Darche ( born November 26 , 1976 ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player who played for several AHL and NHL clubs .
The Beauce Jaros were a minor professional ice hockey team from Saint - Georges , Quebec , located in the `` Beauce '' region of the province .
The 1987 PBA All - Filipino Conference Finals was the best - of-5 basketball championship series of the 1987 PBA All - Filipino Conference , and the conclusion of the conference playoffs .
The 1989 Singapore Open ( known as Epson Singapore Super Tennis for sponsorship reasons ) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the National Stadium in Singapore and was part of the 1989 Nabisco Grand Prix .
Jørgen Møller ( sometimes Jorgen Moeller or Jörgen Möller ) ( 4 November 1873 -- 20 November 1944 ) was a Danish chess master .
Lene Rantala ( born August 10 , 1968 in Copenhagen ) is a Danish team handball player , currently playing for the Norwegian club Larvik HK .
Surrey County Cricket Club in 2005 are playing their cricket in the First Division of the County Championship and the Second Division of the totesport League .
La Plata Rugby Club is a rugby union club from the city of La Plata in the province of Buenos Aires , Argentina .
The 2012 Women 's Baseball World Cup was an international baseball competition being held in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada from August 10 to August 19 , 2012 .
The 1969 NBA All - Star Game was an exhibition basketball game which was played on January 14 , 1969 , at the Baltimore Civic Center in Baltimore , Maryland .
The Oval , currently known for sponsorship reasons as the Kia Oval , is an international cricket ground at Kennington , in the London Borough of Lambeth , South London .
Treaty City Titans are an Irish semi - professional rugby league team based in Limerick , Ireland .
Athinaikos H.C. is a Greek handball club based in Vyronas , Athens .
Nicole Bradtke ( née Provis ) ( born 22 September 1969 ) is a retired professional tennis player from Australia .
Sophia of Minsk ( or Sophia of Polotsk ) ( c. 1140 -- 5 May 1198 ) was a Danish medieval queen consort as the spouse of King Valdemar I of Denmark , and later a landgravine of Thuringia .
Eärendil later became the leader of the people who lived there , and married Elwing , daughter of Dior the son of Beren and Lúthien .
April Cantelo married the conductor Colin Davis in 1949 .
Papia of Envermeu , also called Poppa of Envermeu , was the second consort of Richard II , Duke of Normandy .
Stella Richman married three times ; her first husband was the actor Alec Clunes .
Hedvig Mörner af Morlanda ( 1672 - -1753 ) , was a Swedish courtier and countess , married to riksråd count Claes Ekeblad the Elder .
Joan Mondale ( née Adams ; August 8 , 1930 -- February 3 , 2014 ) was Second Lady of the United States from 1977 until 1981 as the wife of Walter Mondale , the 42nd Vice President of the United States .
Alvin Rakoff married his frequent leading lady , actress Jacqueline Hill in 1958 .
Jackie Autry , ( born Jacqueline Evelyn Ellam October 2 , 1941 in Newark , New Jersey , US ) is the former owner of the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim and widow of singer , actor and businessman Gene Autry .
Lien Fang Yu ( traditional Chinese : 連方瑀 ; simplified Chinese : 连方瑀 ; pinyin : Lián Fāng Yǔ ) born April 14 , 1943 in Chongqing as Fang Yu ( Chinese : 方瑀 ; pinyin : Fāng Yǔ ) , is the wife of Lien Chan , the Chairman of Taiwan 's Kuomintang party from 2000 to 2005 .
Hugh Talbot ( c. 1845 -- 31 October 1899 ) was an Irish tenor and actor best known for creating , to universally bad reviews , the role of Frederic in the Gilbert and Sullivan hit The Pirates of Penzance in the New York production .
Gail Varina Gilmore ( born September 21 , 1950 in Washington , D.C. ) is an African - American Gospel , jazz and ( mezzo - soprano ) opera singer .
Marina Domashenko ( Russian : Марина Домашенко ) is a Russian operatic mezzo - soprano .
Patricia Leonard ( 9 March 1936 -- 28 January 2010 ) was an English opera singer , best known for her performances in mezzo - soprano and contralto roles of the Savoy Operas with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company .
Alois Pernerstorfer ( 3 June 1912 , Vienna -- 12 May 1978 , Vienna ) was an Austrian bass - baritone He began his training in 1933 at the Wiener Musikhochschule with Theo Lierhammer and Josef Krips and made his opera debut in 1936 in Graz singing the role of Biterolf in Tannhäuser .
María Cristina Kiehr ( born in Tandil , Argentina ) is a soprano vocalist associated with Baroque music .
Rosa Raisa ( 30 May 1893 -- 28 September 1963 ) was a Polish - born and Italian - trained Russian - Jewish dramatic operatic soprano who became a naturalized American .
Renata Scotto ( born 24 February 1934 ) is an Italian soprano and opera director .
Marie Cabel ( 31 January 1827 -- 23 May 1885 ) was a Belgian coloratura soprano .
Elsa Stralia ( 1 March 1881 -- 31 August 1945 ) was an Australian soprano with an international reputation in Europe and America .
Teresa De Giuli Borsi , born Maria Teresa Pippeo , ( 26 October 1817 -- 18 November 1877 ) was an Italian opera singer who excelled in the dramatic soprano repertoire of the mid-19th century .
Shirley Love ( born January 6 , 1940 ) is an American operatic mezzo - soprano .
Ottilie Metzger - Lattermann also formerly Ottilie Metzger - Froitzheim ( 15 July 1878 -- February 1943 ) was a German contralto who was a famous performer of works by Wagner during the 1910s , and who after her retirement was murdered in Auschwitz .
Ilona Jokinen ( b. 1981 Lahti , Finland ) is a Finnish soprano opera singer .
Angela Meade ( born 1977 ) is an award winning American operatic soprano who is particularly associated with the Metropolitan Opera in New York City .
Alice Nielsen ( June 7 , 1872 -- March 8 , 1943 ) was a Broadway performer and operatic soprano who had her own opera company and starred in several Victor Herbert operettas .
Lucrezia Bori ( 24 December 1887 -- 14 May 1960 ) was a Spanish operatic singer , a lyric soprano and a tireless and effective fundraiser for the Metropolitan Opera .
Richard Kubla ( 11 February 1890 -- 9 July 1964 ) was a Czech tenor who had an active international career in operas , concerts , and recitals from 1910 - 1945 .
Giannina Russ ( 27 March 1873 , Lodi -- 28 February 1951 , Milan ) was an Italian operatic soprano , particularly associated with the Italian repertory .
Amarilli Nizza ( born January 4 , 1971 in Milan ) is an Italian operatic soprano .
Giulio Gari ( September 9 , 1909 - April 15 , 1994 ) was a versatile and internationally known tenor who performed on both the opera and concert stages .
Walther Ludwig ( 17 March 1902 , Bad Oeynhausen -- 15 May 1981 , Lahr ) was a German operatic lyric tenor , particularly associated with Mozart roles and Schubert lieder .
Robin Miriam Carlsson ( born 12 June 1979 ) , known as Robyn , is a Swedish soprano vocalist .
Stella Roman ( 23 August 1904 - 12 February 1992 ) was a Romanian operatic soprano whose career brought her leading roles in Italy and the United States .
Marcus Ullmann ( born 1967 in Dresden ) is a German classical tenor .
Marquita Lister ( born 24 April 1961 ) is an American operatic soprano .
Björk has a soprano vocal range , which has been described as both `` elastic '' and `` somersaulting '' in quality as well as having been praised for her scatting ability , unique vocal stylings and delivery .
Teodor Ilincăi ( born in Mălini , Suceava County ) is a Romanian opera tenor .
Karin Branzell ( 24 September 1891 -- 15 December 1974 ) was a Swedish operatic contralto ( sometimes described as a mezzo - soprano ) , who had a prominent career at the Metropolitan Opera , New York , and in Europe .
Nico Castel ( August 1 , 1931 -- May 31 , 2015 ) , born Naftali Chaim Castel Kalinhoff , was a comprimario tenor and well - known language and diction coach , as well as a prolific translator of libretti and writer of books on singing diction .
Aluna Sagita Gutawa ( born 11 August 1993 in Jakarta ) , better known as Gita Gutawa , is an Indonesian soprano , actress , and songwriter .
Marilyn Cotlow ( born January 10 , 1924 ) is an American lyric coloratura soprano best remembered for originating the role of Lucy in Gian Carlo Menotti 's The Telephone .
Olaf Bär ( born December 19 , 1957 in Dresden ) is a German operatic baritone .
Ann Drummond - Grant ( 1905 -- 11 September 1959 ) was a British singer and actress , best known for her performances in contralto roles of the Gilbert and Sullivan operas with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company .
Anna Prohaska ( Neu - Ulm , 1983 ) is an Austrian coloratura soprano .
Suzanna Guzmán ( born in East Los Angeles , California ) is an American mezzo - soprano and television host .
Rachele Gilmore is an American coloratura soprano born in Atlanta .
Marcel Journet ( July 25 , 1868 -- September 7 , 1933 ) , was a French , bass , operatic singer .
Célestine Galli - Marié ( November 1840 -- 22 September 1905 ) was a French mezzo - soprano who is most famous for creating the title role in the opera Carmen .
Carlton Gauld ( before 1931 -- after 1960 ) was an American operatic bass who had a prolific career during the 1930s through the 1960s .
Josef Traxel ( 29 September 1916 in Mainz -- 8 October 1975 in Stuttgart ) was a German operatic tenor , particularly associated with Mozart roles and the German repertory .
Lucia Valentini Terrani ( 29 August 1946 in Padua -- 11 June 1998 in Seattle ) was an Italian coloratura mezzo - soprano , particularly associated with Rossini roles .
Gloria Banditelli ( Assisi , 16 February 1954 ) is an Italian mezzo - soprano .
Jean Giraudeau ( 1 July 1916 in Toulon -- 7 February 1995 ) , was a French tenor , and later theatre director , particularly associated with the Opéra - Comique in Paris , and described in Grove as having a `` lyrical voice '' as well as being `` a superb character actor '' .
Paul Ukena ( August 19 , 1921 , Lakota , Iowa - March 10 , 1991 , Mount Vernon , New York ) was an American operatic baritone who had an active career during the 1950s through the 1970s .
Licia Albanese ( July 22 , 1909 -- August 15 , 2014 ) was an Italian - born American operatic soprano .
Gianna D'Angelo ( 18 November 1929 - 27 December 2013 ) was an American coloratura soprano , primarily active in the 1950s and 1960s .
Juliette Pochin is a Welsh classically trained mezzo - soprano singer , composer / arranger , and record producer .
María Georgina Quitral Espinoza , commonly known as Rayén Quitral ( 7 November 1916 -- 20 October 1979 ) , was a Chilean soprano of Mapuche - Picunche origin .
Luise Willer ( 1888 - -1970 ) was a German operatic contralto .
