author	The Book about Moomin, Mymble and Little My was the first Moomin picture book by Finnish author Tove Jansson, published in 1952 in Swedish.	The Book about Moomin, Mymble and Little My	Tove Jansson
cast member	What a Woman Dreams of in Springtime (German: Was eine Frau im Frühling träumt) is a 1929 German silent comedy film directed by Curt Blachnitzky and starring Paul Rehkopf, Anna Müller-Lincke and Colette Brettel.	What a Woman Dreams of in Springtime	Paul Rehkopf
cast member	Vortice (i.e. ``Vortex'') is a 1953 Italian melodrama film directed by Raffaello Matarazzo and starring Massimo Girotti and Silvana Pampanini.	Vortice	Massimo Girotti	Silvana Pampanini
cast member	The Mommy Returns tells the story of a mother, Ruby (Pokwang), who dies right on the day of her 25th wedding anniversary with husband, William (Gabby Concepcion).	The Mommy Returns	Pokwang	Gabby Concepcion
cast member	Where the Forest Ends is a 1915 silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney.	Where the Forest Ends	Lon Chaney
cast member	The Trail Rider is a 1925 American silent directed by W. S. Van Dyke and starring Buck Jones.	The Trail Rider	Buck Jones
cast member	Toni Garrido stars as Orfeu, Patrícia França as Eurídice and Murilo Benício as Lucinho.	Orfeu	Murilo Benício
cast member	Goddess Remembered features Merlin Stone, Carol Christ, Luisah Teish, Starhawk, Charlene Spretnak, and Jean Bolen, who link the loss of goddess-centred societies with today's environmental crisis.	Goddess Remembered	Starhawk	Charlene Spretnak
cast member	Children of No Importance or The Illegitimate (German:Die Unehelichen) is a 1926 German silent drama film directed by Gerhard Lamprecht and starring Bernhard Goetzke, Margarete Kupfer and Elsa Wagner.	Children of No Importance	Bernhard Goetzke
cast member	In the City Without Limits (Spanish: En la ciudad sin límites) is a 2002 Spanish-Argentine thriller drama film directed by Antonio Hernández and starring Leonardo Sbaraglia, Fernando Fernán Gómez and Geraldine Chaplin.	In the City Without Limits	Leonardo Sbaraglia	Fernando Fernán Gómez	Geraldine Chaplin
cast member	Ty Hardin as Jeff Donovan Lincoln Tate as Holy Water Joe Richard Harrison as Charlie Bennett Giulio Baraghini as Jim (credited as Lee Banner) Silvia Monelli as Estella Tuccio Musumeci as The Sicilian Pietro Ceccarelli as Sgt. Butch Dante Maggio as The Banker Mario Novelli as Donovan Henchman	Holy Water Joe	Ty Hardin	Richard Harrison	Giulio Baraghini	Tuccio Musumeci	Dante Maggio
cast member	The Hi-Lo Country is a 1998 American Western-drama film directed by Stephen Frears, starring Billy Crudup, Penélope Cruz, Woody Harrelson, Cole Hauser, Sam Elliott, Patricia Arquette, Enrique Castillo, and Katy Jurado.	The Hi-Lo Country	Billy Crudup	Penélope Cruz	Woody Harrelson	Cole Hauser	Sam Elliott	Patricia Arquette	Enrique Castillo
cast member	Brick Mansions is a 2014 English-language French-Canadian crime-thriller film starring Paul Walker, David Belle and RZA.	Brick Mansions	Paul Walker	David Belle	RZA
cast member	The Things My Father Never Taught Me is a 2012 short comedy film written and directed by Burleigh Smith.	The Things My Father Never Taught Me	Burleigh Smith
cast member	Schubert's Dream of Spring (German: Schuberts Frühlingstraum) is a 1931 German musical film directed by Richard Oswald and starring Carl Jöken, Gretl Theimer and Alfred Läutner.	Schubert's Dream of Spring	Gretl Theimer
cast member	Sensations of 1945 stars dancer Eleanor Powell and Dennis O'Keefe as two rival publicists who fall in love, but the film's main purpose is to showcase a variety of different acts, ranging from tightrope walking to comedy to Powell's athletic tap dancing.	Sensations of 1945	Eleanor Powell
cast member	Anokhi Raat (``Strange Night'') is a 1968 Hindi film produced by L. B. Lachman and L. B. Thakur and directed by Asit Sen. The film stars Sanjeev Kumar, Zaheeda Hussain, Aruna Irani, Keshto Mukherjee and Parikshat Sahni.	Anokhi Raat	Sanjeev Kumar	Zaheeda Hussain
cast member	By a Silken Thread (German:Am seidenen Faden) is a 1938 German drama film directed by Robert A. Stemmle and starring Willy Fritsch, Carl Kuhlmann and Käthe von Nagy.	By a Silken Thread	Willy Fritsch
cast member	No One Man is a 1932 American Pre-Code drama film starring Carole Lombard and Ricardo Cortez, and directed by Lloyd Corrigan.	No One Man	Carole Lombard
cast member	Back at the Front is a 1952 film starring Tom Ewell and Harvey Lembeck, very loosely based on the characters Willie and Joe by Bill Mauldin.	Back at the Front	Tom Ewell	Harvey Lembeck
cast member	The Lookout Girl is a surviving 1928 silent film mystery directed by Dallas M. Fitzgerald and starring Jacqueline Logan.	The Lookout Girl	Jacqueline Logan
cast member	Scene No: 001 is a 2011 Malayalam film directed by Snehajith, starring Saiju Kurup, Roopasree, Niyas and Priyanandanan in the lead roles.	Scene No: 001	Saiju Kurup
cast member	The Conflicts of Life (Swedish: Livets konflikter) is a 1913 Swedish silent drama film directed by Victor Sjöström and Mauritz Stiller.	The Conflicts of Life	Victor Sjöström
cast member	Hexed is a 1993 comedy film, starring Arye Gross, Claudia Christian, Adrienne Shelly, and R. Lee Ermey, and written and directed by Alan Spencer, best known as the creator of the satirical TV series Sledge Hammer!	Hexed	Arye Gross	Claudia Christian	Adrienne Shelly	R. Lee Ermey
cast member	The Hard Hombre is a 1931 American Pre-Code Western film directed by Otto Brower and starring rodeo champion Hoot Gibson.	The Hard Hombre	Hoot Gibson
cast member	Clothes Make the Pirate is a 1925 American silent film starring Leon Errol and Dorothy Gish.	Clothes Make the Pirate	Leon Errol	Dorothy Gish
cast member	Don't Change Your Husband is a 1919 American silent comedy film directed by Cecil B. DeMille and starring Gloria Swanson.	Don't Change Your Husband	Gloria Swanson
cast member	When the Earth Trembled (1913) is an American silent disaster film starring Ethel Clayton and Harry Myers.	When the Earth Trembled	Ethel Clayton
cast member	It Rains on Our Love is the first film directed by Bergman to include actor Gunnar Björnstrand in a credited role (he also had a credited role in Bergman's screenwriting debut Torment (1944)).	It Rains on Our Love	Gunnar Björnstrand
cast member	The Way to Love is a 1933 American Pre-Code romantic comedy film, starring Maurice Chevalier and Ann Dvorak.	The Way to Love	Maurice Chevalier
cast member	Tulkalam is a 2007 Bengali-language Indian feature film directed by Haranath Chakraborty and produced by Pijush Saha, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Rachana Banerjee, Paoli Dam and Rajatava Dutta.	Tulkalam	Mithun Chakraborty	Rachana Banerjee
cast member	Special ID is a 2013 Chinese action film directed by Clarence Fok and starring Donnie Yen.	Special ID	Donnie Yen
cast member	Dill Scallion is a 1999 feature film mockumentary that follows the rise and fall of a country-western singer, Dill Scallion (Billy Burke).	Dill Scallion	Billy Burke
cast member	Eh Janam Tumhare Lekhe (Punjabi: ਇਹ ਜਨਮ ਤੁਮ੍ਹਾਰੇ ਲੇਖੇ, Translation: This life is dedicated to you) is a Punjabi movie based on the life of ``Bhagat Puran Singh'' starring Pavan Malhotra.	Eh Janam Tumhare Lekhe	Pavan Malhotra
cast member	Dear Ruth is a 1947 romantic comedy film starring Joan Caulfield, William Holden, Mona Freeman, and Edward Arnold.	Dear Ruth	Joan Caulfield	William Holden	Mona Freeman	Edward Arnold
cast member	Diamonds on Wheels is a 1974 British family comedy film directed by Jerome Courtland and starring Peter Firth, Patrick Allen, George Sewell, Derek Newark and Barry Jackson.	Diamonds on Wheels	Peter Firth	Patrick Allen	George Sewell	Barry Jackson
cast member	Kalamasseriyil Kalyanayogam is a 1995 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Balu Kiriyath, starring Mukesh and Charmila in the lead roles.	Kalamasseriyil Kalyanayogam	Mukesh
cast member	Condemned to Death is a 1932 British crime film directed by Walter Forde and starring Arthur Wontner, Gillian Lind and Gordon Harker.	Condemned to Death	Arthur Wontner	Gordon Harker
cast member	George in Civvy Street is a 1946 British comedy film directed and produced by Marcel Varnel and stars George Formby, Ronald Shiner, and Ian Fleming.	George in Civvy Street	George Formby
cast member	Project Viper is a 2002 science-fiction thriller starring Patrick Muldoon, Theresa Russell, Curtis Armstrong and Tamara Davies that debuted as a Sci Fi Pictures TV-movie on the Sci Fi Channel.	Project Viper	Patrick Muldoon
cast member	Work Is a Four-Letter Word (also known as Work Is a 4-Letter Word) is a 1968 British satirical comedy film starring David Warner and Cilla Black, in her only acting role in a cinematic film.	Work Is a Four-Letter Word	David Warner	Cilla Black
cast member	Vishudhan is a 2013 Indian Malayalam film directed by Vyshakh and starring Kunchacko Boban and Miya.	Vishudhan	Kunchacko Boban
cast member	Angelitos del trapecio (``Little Trapeze Angels'') is a 1959 Mexican comedy film starring Viruta and Capulina (Marco Antonio Campos and Gaspar Henaine), Anabelle Gutiérrez, and Maricruz Olivier.	Angelitos del trapecio	Marco Antonio Campos
cast member	Pervirella is a 1997 adventure-comedy film which was directed by Alex Chandon, the film stars Emily Booth in the lead role and featured brief cameos from Jonathan Ross and Mark Lamarr.	Pervirella	Emily Booth
cast member	12.10 is a 1919 British silent thriller film directed by Herbert Brenon and starring Marie Doro, Ben Webster and Geoffrey Kerr.	12.10	Marie Doro	Ben Webster	Geoffrey Kerr
cast member	A Man from Wyoming is a 1930 American romance film directed by Rowland V. Lee and starring Gary Cooper, June Collyer, and Regis Toomey.	A Man from Wyoming	Gary Cooper
cast member	Scandal in Budapest or Romance in Budapest (German:Skandal in Budapest) is a 1933 German comedy film directed by Steve Sekely and Géza von Bolváry and starring Franciska Gaal, Werner Pledath and Lotte Spira.	Scandal in Budapest	Franciska Gaal
cast member	Dead Boyz Don't Scream is a 2006 homoerotic slasher film starring Monique Parent with male models familiar from Playgirl magazine.	Dead Boyz Don't Scream	Monique Parent
cast member	In Ghost House Inn is a 2010 comedy horror Malayalam film written, directed, and co-produced by Lal, and starring Mukesh, Jagadish, Siddique and Ashokan in the lead roles; the film is a sequel to the movies 2 Harihar Nagar (2009) and In Harihar Nagar (1990).	In Ghost House Inn	Mukesh
cast member	Anyone Can Play (Italian: Le dolci signore) is a 1968 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring two Bond girls Ursula Andress and Claudine Auger.	Anyone Can Play	Ursula Andress	Claudine Auger
cast member	Ghost Child (Chinese: 鬼仔; formerly called Inside the Urn) is a 2013 Singaporean horror film directed by Gilbert Chan starring Chen Hanwei, Jayley Woo and Carmen Soo.	Ghost Child	Chen Hanwei
cast member	Bhajantrilu is a Telugu film, directed by the renowned comedian M. S. Narayana and produced by K. Devi Vara Prasad.	Bhajantrilu	M. S. Narayana
cast member	Dark Victory is a 1939 American drama film directed by Edmund Goulding, starring Bette Davis and featuring George Brent, Humphrey Bogart, Geraldine Fitzgerald, Ronald Reagan, Henry Travers and Cora Witherspoon.	Dark Victory	Bette Davis	George Brent	Humphrey Bogart	Geraldine Fitzgerald	Ronald Reagan	Henry Travers	Cora Witherspoon
cast member	The Poacher from Egerland (German:Der Wilderer vom Egerland) is a 1934 Austrian-Czech drama film directed by Walter Kolm-Veltée and Vladimír Majer and starring Oscar Marion, Frantisek Slégr and Markéta Krausová.	The Poacher from Egerland	Oscar Marion
cast member	The Beguiled is a 1971 American drama film directed by Don Siegel, starring Clint Eastwood and Geraldine Page.	The Beguiled	Clint Eastwood	Geraldine Page
cast member	The Quakeress is a 1913 silent era short costume drama motion picture starring Louise Glaum, Charles Ray, and William Desmond Taylor.	The Quakeress	Louise Glaum	Charles Ray	William Desmond Taylor
cast member	Dr. Prakash Baba Amte - The Real Hero (Marathi: डॉ. प्रकाश बाबा आमटे - दि रियल हिरो) is a Marathi film starring Nana Patekar, Sonali Kulkarni and Mohan Agashe in lead roles.	Dr. Prakash Baba Amte - The Real Hero	Nana Patekar
cast member	The Holy Queen (Spanish:Reina santa) is a 1947 Spanish-Portuguese historical drama film starring Maruchi Fresno, Antonio Vilar and Luis Peña.	The Holy Queen	Maruchi Fresno
cast member	Seven Days in Utopia is a Christian sports drama film directed by Matt Russell, starring Robert Duvall, Lucas Black, and Melissa Leo.	Seven Days in Utopia	Robert Duvall	Lucas Black	Melissa Leo
cast member	Amazons and Gladiators is a 2001 drama action adventure film directed and written by Zachary Weintraub, starring Patrick Bergin and Jennifer Rubin.	Amazons and Gladiators	Patrick Bergin
cast member	Remedy for Riches is a 1940 American film featuring Jean Hersholt, the second of the six films of the Dr. Christian series.	Remedy for Riches	Jean Hersholt
cast member	The production for Teeny Little Super Guy started in May 1982 with Paul Fierlinger, Larry Gold, Dave Connell, Jim Thurman, Stuart Horn, Patrick McMahon, and Edith Zornow.	Teeny Little Super Guy	Jim Thurman
cast member	Along with established actors Ed Flanders, Norman Lloyd and William Daniels, St. Elsewhere's ensemble cast included David Morse, Alfre Woodard, Bruce Greenwood, Christina Pickles, Kyle Secor, Ed Begley, Jr., Stephen Furst, Howie Mandel, Mark Harmon, Denzel Washington and Helen Hunt.	St. Elsewhere	David Morse	Bruce Greenwood	Christina Pickles	Ed Begley, Jr.	Stephen Furst	Howie Mandel	Mark Harmon	Denzel Washington
cast member	The Voter is an upcoming Malayalam film starring Salim Kumar and directed by Priyanandanan.	The Voter	Salim Kumar
cast member	The Diabolical Dr. Z (Spanish: Miss Muerte) is a Spanish-French 1965 horror film directed by Jesús Franco.	The Diabolical Dr. Z	Jesús Franco
cast member	Big Top Pee-wee is a 1988 American comedy film and the sequel to Pee-wee's Big Adventure (1985), and stars Paul Reubens as Pee-wee Herman, with supporting roles done by Susan Tyrrell, Kris Kristofferson, and introducing Valeria Golino as Gina Piccolapupula.	Big Top Pee-wee	Paul Reubens	Susan Tyrrell	Kris Kristofferson	Valeria Golino
cast member	Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory is a 1971 American-Anglo musical fantasy film directed by Mel Stuart, and starring Gene Wilder as Willy Wonka.	Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory	Gene Wilder
cast member	Letters to Juliet is a 2010 American romantic drama film starring Amanda Seyfried, Christopher Egan, Vanessa Redgrave, Gael García Bernal, and Franco Nero.	Letters to Juliet	Amanda Seyfried	Vanessa Redgrave	Gael García Bernal	Franco Nero
cast member	Kudiyirundha Koyil (English: The Sacred Dwelling), is a 1968 Indian Tamil film directed by K. Shankar, starring M. G. Ramachandran, J. Jayalalitha, Rajasree, M. N. Nambiar, Nagesh & L. Vijayalakshmi.	Kudiyirundha Koyil	M. G. Ramachandran
cast member	Keeping Up with the Steins is a 2006 comedy film directed by Scott Marshall, and starring Garry Marshall, Jeremy Piven, Jami Gertz and Daryl Hannah.	Keeping Up with the Steins	Garry Marshall	Jeremy Piven	Jami Gertz	Daryl Hannah
cast member	Twilight for the Gods is a 1958 drama film directed by Joseph Pevney and starring Rock Hudson and Cyd Charisse.	Twilight for the Gods	Rock Hudson	Cyd Charisse
cast member	Karate Warriors (Japanese: 子連れ殺人拳, Kozure Satsujin Ken) is a 1976 Japanese martial arts film starring Sonny Chiba.	Karate Warriors	Sonny Chiba
cast member	Trouble for Two is a 1936 film starring Robert Montgomery and Rosalind Russell.	Trouble for Two	Robert Montgomery	Rosalind Russell
cast member	It tells the adventures of incompetent sixty-six-year-old postman Les Mutton (voiced by Leslie Nielsen) who also happens to be the superhero known as Zeroman.	Zeroman	Leslie Nielsen
cast member	A Loving Father (French: Aime ton père) is a 2002 French film starring Gérard Depardieu, Guillaume Depardieu and Sylvie Testud.	A Loving Father	Gérard Depardieu	Guillaume Depardieu	Sylvie Testud
cast member	Kin Kiesse is a 1982 documentary film about ``Kin'' (Kinshasa), the capital of Zaire, and the capital of paradoxes and excesses, commentated on by one of its naïf artists, the painter Chéri Samba.	Kin Kiesse	Chéri Samba
cast member	Mackenna's Gold is a 1969 American western film directed by J. Lee Thompson, starring Gregory Peck, Omar Sharif, Telly Savalas, Ted Cassidy, Camilla Sparv, and Julie Newmar.	Mackenna's Gold	Gregory Peck	Omar Sharif	Telly Savalas	Ted Cassidy	Camilla Sparv	Julie Newmar
cast member	Catharisis is a made for TV Japanese film made in 2003 based on a true story, starring Rikiya Otaka and directed by Katsumi Sakaguchi.	Catharisis	Rikiya Otaka
cast member	No Ordinary Baby, also known as After Amy, is a 2001 made-for-television movie starring Bridget Fonda.	No Ordinary Baby	Bridget Fonda
cast member	Pridyider is a 2012 Filipino supernatural horror film directed by Rico Ilarde, starring Janice de Belen and Andi Eigenmann.	Pridyider	Janice de Belen
cast member	Journey to the Center of Time is a 1967 U.S. science fiction film, directed by David L. Hewitt, and starring Scott Brady and Anthony Eisley.	Journey to the Center of Time	Scott Brady	Anthony Eisley
cast member	Infini is a 2015 Australian science fiction film directed by Shane Abbess, and starring Daniel MacPherson, Grace Huang, and Luke Hemsworth.	Infini	Daniel MacPherson	Grace Huang	Luke Hemsworth
cast member	Fast Workers, also known as Rivets, is a 1933 Pre-Code drama film starring John Gilbert and Robert Armstrong as construction workers and romantic rivals for the character played by Mae Clarke.	Fast Workers	John Gilbert	Robert Armstrong	Mae Clarke
cast member	Grief Street is a 1931 American Pre-Code mystery crime film directed by Richard Thorpe and starring Barbara Kent and John Holland.	Grief Street	Barbara Kent	John Holland
cast member	Miss Fane's Baby Is Stolen is a 1934 Pre-Code American comedy-drama film, starring Dorothea Wieck, Alice Brady, and Baby LeRoy, written by Adela Rogers St. Johns and Jane Storm from a novel and story by Rupert Hughes, and directed by Alexander Hall.	Miss Fane's Baby Is Stolen	Dorothea Wieck	Alice Brady	Baby LeRoy
cast member	Cheena Thaana 001 is a Tamil action-comedy film starring Prasanna and Sheela.	Cheena Thaana 001	Prasanna	Sheela
cast member	An Idiot Abroad is a British travel documentary/road trip comedy television series broadcast on Sky 1, as well as a series of companion books published by Canongate Books, created by Ricky Gervais and Stephen Merchant and starring Karl Pilkington.	An Idiot Abroad	Ricky Gervais	Stephen Merchant	Karl Pilkington
cast member	The Godfather's Daughter Mafia Blues is a 1991 Hong Kong action film directed by Fung Hak-on, who also served as the film's action director and appears in a supporting role, and starring Alex Man, Yukari Oshima, Mark Cheng and Dick Wei.	The Godfather's Daughter Mafia Blues	Alex Man
cast member	Waiting at the Royal is a 2000 Australian drama film starring Catherine McClements, Noni Hazlehurst, Josephine Byrnes and Jo Kennedy.	Waiting at the Royal	Catherine McClements
cast member	Don't Give a Damn, also known as Burger Cop in the United States, is a 1995 Hong Kong action film produced and directed by Sammo Hung and starring Hung, Yuen Biao, Takeshi Kaneshiro and Kathy Chow.	Don't Give a Damn	Sammo Hung
cast member	Secrets of the French Police is a 1932 American Pre-Code crime film directed by A. Edward Sutherland and starring Gwili Andre, Gregory Ratoff, and Frank Morgan.	Secrets of the French Police	Gwili Andre
cast member	Love and Liquor (Burmese: မေတ္တာနှင့်သူရာ; Myitta Hnint Thuyar) is a 1920 Burmese silent film directed by Ohn Maung, written by P Moe Nin and starring Nyi Pu.	Love and Liquor	Nyi Pu
cast member	Wild Man Blues is a 1997 documentary film directed by Barbara Kopple, about the musical avocation of actor/director/comic Woody Allen.	Wild Man Blues	Woody Allen
cast member	My Ordinary Love Story (Hangul: 내 연애의 기억; RR: Nae Yeonaeui Gieok; lit. ``The Memory of My Romance'') is a 2014 South Korean romantic comedy/mystery thriller starring Kang Ye-won and Song Sae-byeok.	My Ordinary Love Story	Kang Ye-won
cast member	Killer Pad is a 2008 comedy/horror film directed by Robert Englund and starring Daniel Franzese, Eric Jungmann and Shane McRae.	Killer Pad	Daniel Franzese	Eric Jungmann	Shane McRae
cast member	I Don't Know You Anymore (Italian: Non ti conosco più) is a 1936 Italian comedy film directed by Nunzio Malasomma and starring Vittorio De Sica.	I Don't Know You Anymore	Vittorio De Sica
cast member	Her Great Match is a silent 1915 drama film starring Gail Kane and based on the Broadway play by Clyde Fitch.	Her Great Match	Gail Kane
cast member	Going Straight is a BBC sitcom which was a direct spin-off from Porridge, starring Ronnie Barker as Norman Stanley Fletcher, newly released from the fictional Slade Prison where the earlier series had been set.	Going Straight	Ronnie Barker
cast member	Mary Moreland is a 1917 American silent drama film starring stage actress Marjorie Rambeau that was released through Mutual Film.	Mary Moreland	Marjorie Rambeau
cast member	Panakkara Kudumbam (Tamil: பணக்கார குடும்பம் English: Rich Family) is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role.	Panakkara Kudumbam	M. G. Ramachandran
cast member	Kalyana Kalam is a 1982 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Robert-Rajasekhar and produced by K.R.Kannan, starring Suhasini Maniratnam in lead role, supported by Janakaraj.	Kalyana Kalam	Suhasini Maniratnam
cast member	Strictly Ballroom (1992), starring Paul Mercurio and Tara Morice William Shakespeare's Romeo + Juliet (1996), starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Claire Danes Moulin Rouge! (2001), starring Nicole Kidman and Ewan McGregor These three films were included in a ``Red Curtain Trilogy'' DVD box set released in 2002.	Red Curtain Trilogy	Paul Mercurio	Tara Morice	Leonardo DiCaprio	Claire Danes	Nicole Kidman	Ewan McGregor
cast member	Gold Raiders is a 1951 comedy Western film starring George O'Brien and the Three Stooges (Moe Howard, Larry Fine and Shemp Howard).	Gold Raiders	George O'Brien
cast member	Paisa Vasool is a 2004 Indian film directed by Srinivas Bhashyam starring Manisha Koirala and Sushmita Sen. The film is remake of High Heels and Low Lifes.	Paisa Vasool	Manisha Koirala
cast member	The Last Porno Flick (also known as Those Mad, Mad Moviemakers) is an American 1974 film starring Marianna Hill and directed by Ray Marsh.	The Last Porno Flick	Marianna Hill
cast member	Dheivam (Tamil: தெய்வம்) is a 1972 devotional Tamil film with Gemini Ganesan, R. Muthuraman, A.V.M. Rajan, Sreekanth, K. R. Vijaya, Sowkar Janaki, Nagesh, Thengai Srinivasan in lead roles.	Dheivam	Gemini Ganesan
cast member	Fantastipo is a 2005 Japanese film starring Tsuyoshi Domoto (Kinki Kids) and Taichi Kokubun (TOKIO).	Fantastipo	Tsuyoshi Domoto	Taichi Kokubun
cast member	The Phantom of Crestwood is a 1932 American Pre-Code murder mystery film released by RKO Radio Pictures, directed by J. Walter Ruben, and starring Ricardo Cortez, Karen Morley, Richard ``Skeets'' Gallagher, Anita Louise, H. B. Warner, and Pauline Frederick.	The Phantom of Crestwood	Ricardo Cortez	Karen Morley	Richard ``Skeets'' Gallagher	Anita Louise	H. B. Warner	Pauline Frederick
cast member	Rana Vikrama is a 2015 Indian Kannada action thriller film directed by Pavan Wadeyar featuring Puneeth Rajkumar, Anjali and Adah Sharma in the lead roles.	Rana Vikrama	Puneeth Rajkumar
cast member	Hélas pour moi (English: Oh Woe is Me) is a 1993 French film directed by Jean-Luc Godard and starring Gérard Depardieu.	Hélas pour moi	Gérard Depardieu
cast member	The Secret Lover (Italian:L'amante segreta) is a 1941 Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone and starring Alida Valli, Fosco Giachetti and Vivi Gioi.	The Secret Lover	Alida Valli	Fosco Giachetti	Vivi Gioi
cast member	Mickey's Mellerdrammer is a 1933 American animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by United Artists.	Mickey's Mellerdrammer	Walt Disney
cast member	Never Put It in Writing is a 1964 British comedy film directed by Andrew L. Stone and starring Pat Boone, Milo O'Shea, Fidelma Murphy and Reginald Beckwith.	Never Put It in Writing	Pat Boone	Milo O'Shea	Reginald Beckwith
cast member	Dad and Dave Come to Town is a 1938 Australian comedy film directed by Ken G. Hall, the third in the 'Dad and Dave' comedy series starring Bert Bailey.	Dad and Dave Come to Town	Bert Bailey
cast member	Shaq's Big Challenge is a reality television show hosted by Shaquille O'Neal that debuted on ABC with its first episode on June 26, 2007, and concluded its first season on July 31, 2007.	Shaq's Big Challenge	Shaquille O'Neal
cast member	The Bad One is a 1930 American Pre-Code black-and-white musical film directed by George Fitzmaurice, starring Dolores del Río and Edmund Lowe, and featuring Boris Karloff and is a romantic prison drama film.	The Bad One	Dolores del Río	Edmund Lowe	Boris Karloff
cast member	Trouble Along the Way is a 1953 film starring John Wayne and Donna Reed, with a supporting cast including Charles Coburn and Marie Windsor.	Trouble Along the Way	John Wayne	Donna Reed	Charles Coburn	Marie Windsor
cast member	The Girl on a Motorcycle (French: La motocyclette), also known as Naked Under Leather, is a 1968 British-French film starring Alain Delon and Marianne Faithfull and featuring Roger Mutton, Marius Goring and Catherine Jourdan.	The Girl on a Motorcycle	Alain Delon	Marianne Faithfull	Marius Goring	Catherine Jourdan
cast member	Final Combination (also known as Dead Connection) is a 1994 crime-thriller film directed by Nigel Dick and starring Michael Madsen and Lisa Bonet.	Final Combination	Michael Madsen
cast member	Santer (Mario Adorf) and his gang are after the Apache Gold.	Apache Gold	Mario Adorf
cast member	The Recording of Mr Beast is the name of a 2006 film starring Scottish post-rock band Mogwai.	The Recording of Mr Beast	Mogwai
cast member	Lion of the Desert is a 1981 Libyan historical action film starring Anthony Quinn as Libyan tribal leader Omar Mukhtar, a Berber Bedouin leader fighting the Italian army in the years leading up to World War II and Oliver Reed as Italian General Rodolfo Graziani, who attempted to defeat Mukhtar.	Lion of the Desert	Anthony Quinn	Oliver Reed
cast member	The Skeleton Key is a 2005 American supernatural horror-thriller film starring Kate Hudson, Gena Rowlands, John Hurt, Peter Sarsgaard, and Joy Bryant.	The Skeleton Key	Kate Hudson	Gena Rowlands	John Hurt	Peter Sarsgaard	Joy Bryant
cast member	Tida Sok Puos or Snake Hair is a 1973 Khmer film directed by Hui Kung starring Kong Som Eun and Dy Saveth.	Tida Sok Puos	Kong Som Eun
cast member	As Mutya grows up, she was protected by her older brother Aries (Jairus Aquino), who has always been there for her.	Mutya	Jairus Aquino
cast member	Strike Commando 2 (aka Trappola diabolica) is a 1988 action film, starring Brent Huff, Richard Harris and Mary Stavin.	Strike Commando 2	Brent Huff	Richard Harris
cast member	Lost Empires is a 1986 television adaptation of J. B. Priestley's novel of the same name, and starred Colin Firth, John Castle and Laurence Olivier.	Lost Empires	Colin Firth	Laurence Olivier
cast member	La Fille de Hambourg (German title: Das Mädchen aus Hamburg) is a 1958 French film drama about a French-German love affair, starring Hildegarde Neff and Daniel Gélin.	La Fille de Hambourg	Daniel Gélin
cast member	Live Like a Cop, Die Like a Man (Italian: Uomini si nasce poliziotti si muore) is a 1976 Italian crime film (a polizieschi) directed by Ruggero Deodato and starring Marc Porel.	Live Like a Cop, Die Like a Man	Ruggero Deodato	Marc Porel
cast member	Stablemates is a 1938 film starring Wallace Beery and Mickey Rooney.	Stablemates	Wallace Beery	Mickey Rooney
cast member	Miss All-American Beauty is a 1982 American TV-film directed by Gus Trikonis and starring Diane Lane.	Miss All-American Beauty	Diane Lane
cast member	The Bargee is a 1964 British comedy film directed by Duncan Wood, and starring Harry H. Corbett, Hugh Griffith, Eric Sykes and Ronnie Barker.	The Bargee	Harry H. Corbett	Hugh Griffith	Eric Sykes	Ronnie Barker
cast member	Black Belt Karate Kick mostly known as Enter the Invincible Hero is 1977 Bruceploitation and drama martial art movie starring notorious Bruce Lee imitator Dragon Lee and spin kick master Casanova Wong.	Enter the Invincible Hero	Dragon Lee
cast member	Moonnam Mura (Meaning: The Third Degree) is a 1988 action thriller Malayalam movie starring Mohanlal, Lalu Alex, and Revathi.	Moonnam Mura	Mohanlal	Lalu Alex	Revathi
cast member	The Winged Tiger is a 1970 Hong Kong wuxia film produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio, starring actor Chan Hung-lit, who was well known for playing villain roles, in his first lead role as a protagonist.	The Winged Tiger	Chan Hung-lit
cast member	Shirin Farhad Ki Toh Nikal Padi is a 2012 Bollywood romantic comedy film directed by Bela Bhansali Sehgal, starring Farah Khan, Boman Irani, Kavin Dave, Shammi, Kurush Deboo and Daisy Irani.	Shirin Farhad Ki Toh Nikal Padi	Farah Khan	Boman Irani	Kavin Dave	Kurush Deboo	Daisy Irani
cast member	Call of the Blood is a 1948 British-Italian drama film directed by John Clements and Ladislao Vajda and starring Clements, Kay Hammond and John Justin.	Call of the Blood	John Clements	Kay Hammond	John Justin
cast member	Fred Kohler, Jr. as Donald Pecos / The Pecos Kid Ruth Findlay as Mary Evans Roger Williams as James Grayson Ed Cassidy as Doc Evans Hal Taliaferro as Eric Grayson Earl Dwire as Jose Francis Walker as Henchman Chuck	The Pecos Kid	Fred Kohler, Jr.
cast member	A Little Journey was a 1927 American comedy film featuring Harry Carey.	A Little Journey	Harry Carey
cast member	The Duke Steps Out is a 1929 silent film starring William Haines and Joan Crawford.	The Duke Steps Out	William Haines	Joan Crawford
cast member	Captive Wild Woman (1943) is a sci-fi horror film starring Evelyn Ankers, John Carradine, Milburn Stone, and introducing Acquanetta.	Captive Wild Woman	Evelyn Ankers	John Carradine	Milburn Stone	Acquanetta
cast member	Pangali (Tamil: Pangaali) is a 1992 Indian Tamil action/comedy film starring Sathyaraj, Bhanupriya, Goundamani and Manorama in prominent roles.	Pangali	Sathyaraj
cast member	California Conquest is a 1952 American film, directed by Lew Landers, and starring Cornel Wilde and Teresa Wright.	California Conquest	Cornel Wilde
cast member	Dr. Goldfoot and the Bikini Machine is a 1965 American International Pictures comedy film in Pathécolor directed by Norman Taurog and starring Vincent Price, Frankie Avalon, Dwayne Hickman, Susan Hart and Jack Mullaney and featuring Fred Clark.	Dr. Goldfoot and the Bikini Machine	Vincent Price	Frankie Avalon	Fred Clark
cast member	Chinatown Kid (Chinese: 唐人街功夫小子; pinyin: Tángrénjiē Gōngfu Xiǎozi; Jyutping: Tong4jan4gaai1 Gung1fu1 Siu2zi2) is a 1977 Shaw Brothers kung fu film directed by Chang Cheh, with action choreography by Robert Tai Chi Hsien and Lee Ka Ting, and starring Alexander Fu Sheng and the Venom Mob.	Chinatown Kid	Alexander Fu
cast member	A Spray of Plum Blossoms (Chinese: 一剪梅; pinyin: Yī jiǎn méi) is a 1931 silent Chinese film directed by Bu Wancang and starring Ruan Lingyu, Wang Cilong and Jin Yan.	A Spray of Plum Blossoms	Ruan Lingyu	Jin Yan
cast member	Two Little Drummer Boys is a 1928 British silent comedy film directed by G.B. Samuelson and starring Georgie Wood, Derrick De Marney and Alma Taylor.	Two Little Drummer Boys	Derrick De Marney	Alma Taylor
cast member	Dr. O'Dowd is a 1940 British drama film directed by Herbert Mason and starring Shaun Glenville, Peggy Cummins, Felix Aylmer and Irene Handl.	Dr. O'Dowd	Peggy Cummins	Felix Aylmer	Irene Handl
cast member	The Perfect Score is a 2004 American teen heist film directed by Brian Robbins, starring Erika Christensen, Chris Evans, Bryan Greenberg, Scarlett Johansson, Darius Miles, and Leonardo Nam.	The Perfect Score	Erika Christensen	Chris Evans	Bryan Greenberg	Scarlett Johansson	Darius Miles	Leonardo Nam
cast member	Sivagamiyin Selvan (Tamil: சிவகாமியின் செல்வன்; English: Sivakami's son) is a 1974 Tamil film starring Sivaji Ganesan, Vanisri and Latha.	Sivagamiyin Selvan	Sivaji Ganesan	Vanisri	Latha
cast member	Letty Lynton is a 1932 American Pre-Code drama film starring Joan Crawford, Robert Montgomery and Nils Asther.	Letty Lynton	Joan Crawford	Robert Montgomery	Nils Asther
cast member	Onionhead is a 1958 comedy-drama film set on a U.S. Coast Guard ship during World War II, starring Andy Griffith and featuring Felicia Farr, Walter Matthau, Erin O'Brien, James Gregory, Joey Bishop, and Claude Akins.	Onionhead	Andy Griffith
cast member	Sea Spoilers is a 1936 American drama film directed by Frank R. Strayer and starring John Wayne.	Sea Spoilers	John Wayne
cast member	Marakkillorikkalum is a 1983 Malayalam film co-written and directed by Fazil starring Prem Nazir, Shankar and Mohanlal in lead roles.	Marakkillorikkalum	Prem Nazir	Mohanlal
cast member	15 Maiden Lane is a 1936 American crime film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Claire Trevor and Cesar Romero, with Lloyd Nolan.	15 Maiden Lane	Claire Trevor	Cesar Romero	Lloyd Nolan
cast member	Monkey Shines tells the story of an athlete, Allan Mann (Jason Beghe), who is rendered quadriplegic when struck by a truck.	Monkey Shines	Jason Beghe
cast member	Stealing Christmas is an American television film starring Tony Danza and Lea Thompson.	Stealing Christmas	Tony Danza
cast member	It also featured songs by country artist Blake Shelton, including the hit ``Nobody But Me'', and ``The Christmas Blessing'' by Newsong.	The Christmas Blessing	Blake Shelton
cast member	On the morning of February 24, 1989, logger Pete Martell (Jack Nance) discovers a naked corpse tightly wrapped in a sheet of clear plastic on the bank of a river outside the small town of Twin Peaks, Washington.	Twin Peaks	Jack Nance
cast member	Fugitive in Trieste (Italian: Clandestino a Trieste) is a 1951 Italian war-drama film directed by Guido Salvini and starring Doris Duranti, Jacques Sernas and Massimo Girotti.	Fugitive in Trieste	Doris Duranti	Jacques Sernas	Massimo Girotti
cast member	Karavan lyubvi is a musical television film starring Sofia Rotaru.	Karavan lyubvi	Sofia Rotaru
cast member	The Head Hunter is a 1982 Hong Kong action film directed by Lau Shing-hon and starring Chow Yun-fat and Rosamund Kwan.	The Head Hunter	Chow Yun-fat
cast member	Bloodfist is a 1989 American martial arts film directed by Terence H. Winkless, written by Robert King, and starring Don ``The Dragon'' Wilson.	Bloodfist	Don ``The Dragon'' Wilson
cast member	Nocturna (more commonly referred to by its promotional title Nocturna: Granddaughter of Dracula) is a 1979 film conceived by star Nai Bonet and written and directed by Harry Hurwitz, who was credited as ``Harry Tampa.''	Nocturna: Granddaughter of Dracula	Nai Bonet
cast member	Moderated by John Daly and with panelists Dorothy Kilgallen, Arlene Francis, and Bennett Cerf, What's My Line? won three Emmy Awards for ``Best Quiz or Audience Participation Show'' in 1952, 1953, and 1958 and the Golden Globe for Best TV Show in 1962.	What's My Line?	Dorothy Kilgallen	Arlene Francis
cast member	Shadow of the Vampire is a 2000 humorous metafiction horror film directed by E. Elias Merhige and written by Steven Katz, and starring John Malkovich and Willem Dafoe.	Shadow of the Vampire	John Malkovich	Willem Dafoe
cast member	It stars Javier Bardem as Romeo Dolorosa, the main character, and Rosie Perez as Perdita Durango serves as the co-star.	Perdita Durango	Javier Bardem	Rosie Perez
cast member	Rakshak is 1996 Bollywood action film directed by Ashok Honda and starring Sunil Shetty, Karisma Kapoor, Raghuvaran, Sonali Bendre, Alok Nath, Aruna Irani.	Rakshak	Sunil Shetty	Karisma Kapoor	Raghuvaran	Sonali Bendre
cast member	Bharya Onnu Makkal Moonnu (English: Wife: One, Children: Three) is a 2009 Malayalam film directed by Rajasenan and starring Rajasenan and Sithara.	Bharya Onnu Makkal Moonnu	Rajasenan	Sithara
cast member	Sidlingu (Kannada: ಸಿದ್ಲಿಂಗು) is a comedy-emotional coming of age Cinema of Karnataka starring Yogesh and Ramya in the lead roles.	Sidlingu	Yogesh	Ramya
cast member	Paano Na Kaya (lit: How Will It Be?) is a 2010 Filipino romance film directed by Ruel S. Bayani and starring Kim Chiu and Gerald Anderson.	Paano Na Kaya	Kim Chiu
cast member	The Shuttered Room is a 1967 British horror film directed by David Greene and starring Gig Young and Carol Lynley as a couple who move into a house with dark secrets.	The Shuttered Room	Gig Young	Carol Lynley
cast member	A Lady Surrenders is a 1930 American Pre-Code film starring Genevieve Tobin, Rose Hobart, Conrad Nagel and Basil Rathbone.	A Lady Surrenders	Genevieve Tobin
cast member	The Wedding Guest is a 1916 American silent drama film, featuring Harry Carey.	The Wedding Guest	Harry Carey
cast member	Puthiya Mukham (Malayalam: പുതിയ മുഖം, English: The New Face) is a 2009 Malayalam action film directed by Diphan and starring Prithviraj Sukumaran.	Puthiya Mukham	Prithviraj Sukumaran
cast member	Wildness of Youth is a 1922 silent film directed by Ivan Abramson, starring Virginia Pearson, Harry T. Morey and Mary Anderson.	Wildness of Youth	Virginia Pearson	Harry T. Morey	Mary Anderson
cast member	Shantha Sakkubai was a 1939 Tamil film starring K. Aswathamma, Bannibai, K. Sarangapani, Kothamangalam Seenu, Kothamangalam Subbu, P. G. Venkatesan, S. S. Rajamani, K. Aranganayaki, T. S. Krishnaveni, M. A. Ganapathi Bhat and Sundar Rao Nadkarni.	Shantha Sakkubai	Kothamangalam Subbu
cast member	How Sweet It Is! is a 1968 comedy movie starring James Garner and Debbie Reynolds, with a supporting cast including Terry-Thomas and Paul Lynde.	How Sweet It Is!	James Garner	Debbie Reynolds	Terry-Thomas	Paul Lynde
cast member	The Honourable Tenant (Spanish:El Honorable inquilino) is a 1951 Argentine comedy film directed by Carlos Schlieper and starring Alberto Closas, Olga Zubarry and Amalia Sánchez Ariño.	The Honourable Tenant	Alberto Closas
cast member	Bahaddur Gandu (Kannada: ಬಹದ್ದೂರ್ ಗಂಡು), is a 1976 Indian Kannada language feature film directed by A. V. Sheshagiri Rao, starring Rajkumar, Jayanthi, Aarathi and Vajramuni in lead roles.	Bahaddur Gandu	Rajkumar	Aarathi	Vajramuni
cast member	The Compulsory Wife is a 1937 British comedy film, directed by Arthur B. Woods and starring Henry Kendall and Joyce Kirby.	The Compulsory Wife	Henry Kendall
cast member	Charley and the Angel is a 1973 Disney family/comedy film set in an unidentified small city in the 1930s Depression-era Midwestern United States and starring Fred MacMurray in one of his final film appearances and his last movie for Disney.	Charley and the Angel	Fred MacMurray
cast member	Home of the Giants is a 2007 American film, written and directed by Rusty Gorman that stars Haley Joel Osment, Ryan Merriman and Danielle Panabaker.	Home of the Giants	Haley Joel Osment	Ryan Merriman	Danielle Panabaker
cast member	Scandal at Scourie is an American drama Technicolor movie released in 1953 and starring Greer Garson, Walter Pidgeon ``above the title'', and co-starring Donna Corcoran.	Scandal at Scourie	Greer Garson	Walter Pidgeon	Donna Corcoran
cast member	Second Half (Norwegian: Andre omgang) is a 2007 Norwegian comedy film directed by Hilde Heier, starring Johannes Joner, Espen Reboli Bjerke and Baard Owe.	Second Half	Johannes Joner	Espen Reboli Bjerke	Baard Owe
cast member	Roast Beef and Movies (1934) is a short subject starring George Givot, along with Curly Howard (billed as ``Jerry Howard''), Bobby Callahan, and the Albertina Rasch Dancers.	Roast Beef and Movies	George Givot
cast member	The Pleasure Seekers is a 1964 20th Century Fox motion picture starring Ann-Margret, Anthony Franciosa, and Carol Lynley, with Gardner McKay, Pamela Tiffin, Brian Keith, and Gene Tierney in her final film.	The Pleasure Seekers	Ann-Margret	Anthony Franciosa	Carol Lynley	Pamela Tiffin	Brian Keith	Gene Tierney
cast member	The Last Good Time is a 1994 drama film, released in early 1995, starring Armin Mueller-Stahl, Olivia d'Abo, Maureen Stapleton and Lionel Stander in his final theatrical role.	The Last Good Time	Armin Mueller-Stahl	Olivia d'Abo	Maureen Stapleton	Lionel Stander
cast member	Opa! is a 2005 film directed by Udayan Prasad and starring Matthew Modine.	Opa!	Matthew Modine
cast member	Buck and the Preacher is a 1972 American Western film starring Sidney Poitier as Buck and Harry Belafonte as the Preacher.	Buck and the Preacher	Sidney Poitier	Harry Belafonte
cast member	Malai Malai is a 2009 Tamil language film, starring Arun Vijay and Vedhicka in the lead roles.	Malai Malai	Arun Vijay
cast member	The Waiting City stars Joel Edgerton and Radha Mitchell, and was an official selection at the 2009 Toronto International Film Festival.	The Waiting City	Joel Edgerton	Radha Mitchell
cast member	The Firechasers is a 1971 British crime film directed by Sidney Hayers and starring Chad Everett, Anjanette Comer and Keith Barron.	The Firechasers	Chad Everett	Anjanette Comer
cast member	The Flying Serpent is a 1946 American fantasy-horror film directed by Sam Newfield and featuring George Zucco, Ralph Lewis, Hope Kramer and Eddie Acuff.	The Flying Serpent	George Zucco	Eddie Acuff
cast member	To Grandmother's House We Go is a 1992 Christmas television film starring Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen.	To Grandmother's House We Go	Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen
cast member	Augustus Neapolitan Cleveland ``Porkpie'' Grant (Ram John Holder) was a childhood friend of Desmond's.	Desmond's	Ram John Holder
cast member	Winter of Frozen Dreams is a 2009 independent American crime drama directed by Eric Mandelbaum, and starring Thora Birch, Keith Carradine, and Brendan Sexton III. The film follows the story of Barbara Hoffman, a Wisconsin biochemistry student and prostitute convicted of murder in the first televised murder trial ever.	Winter of Frozen Dreams	Thora Birch	Keith Carradine
cast member	Desingu Raja (Tamil: தேசிங்கு ராஜா; English: King Desingu) is a 2013 Indian Tamil film directed by Ezhil starring Vimal and Bindu Madhavi.	Desingu Raja	Vimal
cast member	The First of the Few (US title Spitfire) is a 1942 British biographical film produced and directed by Leslie Howard, who stars as R. J. Mitchell, the designer of the Supermarine Spitfire fighter aircraft.	The First of the Few	Leslie Howard
cast member	Tell It to the Judge is a 1949 romantic comedy film starring Rosalind Russell as a divorcee who tries to get back her ex-husband, played by Robert Cummings.	Tell It to the Judge	Rosalind Russell	Robert Cummings
cast member	Old Cow vs Tender Grass (simplified Chinese: 老牛与嫩草; pinyin: Lǎo Níu Chī Nèn Căo) is a 2010 Singaporean comedy film, directed by Chi Kai Fok and starring Henry Thia and Crystal Lin.	Old Cow vs Tender Grass	Henry Thia
cast member	Floodtide is a 1949 British romantic drama film directed by Frederick Wilson and starring Gordon Jackson, Rona Anderson, John Laurie and Jimmy Logan.	Floodtide	Gordon Jackson
cast member	Tigers in Lipstick (Italian: Letti selvaggi) is a 1979 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Ursula Andress.	Tigers in Lipstick	Ursula Andress
cast member	Pyrates is an 1991 comedy film, starring Kevin Bacon and Kyra Sedgwick about a couple who experience pyrokinesis after having sex.	Pyrates	Kevin Bacon	Kyra Sedgwick
cast member	Married to Order is a 1920 American film featuring Oliver Hardy.	Married to Order	Oliver Hardy
cast member	They Gave Him a Gun is a 1937 American crime drama film directed by W. S. Van Dyke and starring Spencer Tracy, Gladys George, and Franchot Tone.	They Gave Him a Gun	Spencer Tracy	Gladys George	Franchot Tone
cast member	The Tale of the Bunny Picnic is a 1986 TV special directed by Jim Henson and David G. Hillier.	The Tale of the Bunny Picnic	Jim Henson
cast member	Aaag Hi Aag is 1999 Hindi language movie directed by T L V Prasad and starring Mithun Chakraborty, Jackie Shroff, Sneha, Aloknath Dixit, Payal Malhotra, Rajiv Raj, Kiran Kumar, Laxmikant Berde.	Aaag Hi Aag	Mithun Chakraborty	Jackie Shroff
cast member	Boxboarders! is a 2007 independent comedy film written and directed by Rob Hedden and starring, among others, Marieh Delfino, Melora Hardin, Dale Midkiff, Michelle Pierce and The Lizardman.	Boxboarders!	Michelle Pierce
cast member	Lovespell is a 1981 fantasy romantic tragedy film featuring Richard Burton as King Mark of Cornwall.	Lovespell	Richard Burton
cast member	Avalkkoru janmam koodi is a 1990 Indian Malayalam film, directed by NP Suresh, starring Sathaar and Mala Aravindan in the lead role.	Avalkkoru janmam koodi	Sathaar
cast member	Back at their hut on waste ground they mention Jo (Sam Shepherd), known as 'Bronco Bullfrog' (for reasons which are never explained), who has just got out of Borstal.	Bronco Bullfrog	Sam Shepherd
cast member	Kerala House Udan Vilpanakku is a 2004 Malayalam comedy drama film directed by Thaha and starring Jayasurya, Girly, Harisree Asokan, Cochin Hanifa and Narendra Prasad.	Kerala House Udan Vilpanakku	Jayasurya	Narendra Prasad
cast member	Many of the same actors that appeared in that season of Power Rangers are also seen in Labou, including Chris Violette, Kelson Henderson, Barnie Duncan and Monica May.	Labou	Chris Violette	Kelson Henderson	Barnie Duncan	Monica May
cast member	A Fire Has Been Arranged is a 1935 British comedy film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Chesney Allen, Bud Flanagan and Alastair Sim.	A Fire Has Been Arranged	Chesney Allen	Bud Flanagan
cast member	Gardish is a 1993 Hindi film directed by Priyadarshan which stars Jackie Shroff and Dimple Kapadia.	Gardish	Jackie Shroff	Dimple Kapadia
cast member	Captains of the Clouds (aka Shadows of Their Wings) is a 1942 Warner Bros. war film in Technicolor, directed by Michael Curtiz and starring James Cagney.	Captains of the Clouds	James Cagney
cast member	Kalabha Kadhalan is a 2006 Tamil romantic thriller directed by debutant Igore, starring Arya and Renuka Menon.	Kalabha Kadhalan	Arya	Renuka Menon
cast member	Antholanam is a 2001 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Jagadeesh Chandran, starring Kalabhavan Mani and Narendra Prasad in the lead roles.	Antholanam	Kalabhavan Mani
cast member	The Misfortunes of Sophie (French:Les Malheurs de Sophie) is a 1946 French comedy drama film directed by Jacqueline Audry and starring Madeleine Rousset, Marguerite Moreno and Michel Auclair.	The Misfortunes of Sophie	Madeleine Rousset	Marguerite Moreno	Michel Auclair
cast member	Chamaram (Malayalam: ചാമരം) is a 1980 Malayalam film written by John Paul Puthusery and directed by Bharathan starring Nedumudi Venu, Zarina Wahab, Prathap Pothan, Ratheesh.	Chamaram	Nedumudi Venu	Zarina Wahab	Ratheesh
cast member	Handicapped Future (German: Behinderte Zukunft) is a 1971 documentary film by Werner Herzog about physically disabled children in Munich.	Handicapped Future	Werner Herzog
cast member	Our Men in Bagdad (Italian: Il gioco delle spie, French: Bagarre à Bagdad pour X-27) is a 1966 Italian-French Eurospy film starring Rory Calhoun.	Our Men in Bagdad	Rory Calhoun
cast member	Love at Large is a 1990 American romance and mystery film directed by Alan Rudolph and starring Tom Berenger, Elizabeth Perkins and Anne Archer.	Love at Large	Tom Berenger	Elizabeth Perkins	Anne Archer
cast member	Devara Gudi (Kannada: ದೇವರ ಗುಡಿ) is a 1975 Indian Kannada language drama film starring Vishnuvardhan and Bharathi in the lead roles along with Leelavathi, Manjula and Rajesh.	Devara Gudi	Vishnuvardhan
cast member	Just Wright is a 2010 American romantic comedy film starring Queen Latifah and Common that tells the story of a physical therapist who falls in love with a professional basketball player.	Just Wright	Queen Latifah	Common
cast member	Seema Tapakai (veedu chaala hot) (Telugu: సీమటపాకాయ్: వీడు చాల హాట్...) was a 2011 Telugu comedy film written and directed by G.Nageswara Reddy, produced by Dr. Vijaya Prasad Malla under Wellfare Creations banner and starring Allari Naresh and Poorna in lead roles.	Seema Tapakai	Allari Naresh
cast member	Krakatoa, East of Java is a 1969 American disaster film starring Maximilian Schell and Brian Keith.	Krakatoa, East of Java	Maximilian Schell	Brian Keith
cast member	Panic in the House of Ardon (German: Der Schrecken im Hause Ardon) is a 1920 German silent crime film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Stella Harf, Max Kronert and Paul Mederow.	Panic in the House of Ardon	Stella Harf	Max Kronert	Paul Mederow
cast member	Zombi 2 is a 1979 zombie film directed by Lucio Fulci.	Zombi 2	Lucio Fulci
cast member	Christmas Evil (also known as You Better Watch Out and Terror in Toyland) is a 1980 slasher film, directed by Lewis Jackson and starring Brandon Maggart.	Christmas Evil	Brandon Maggart
cast member	The Doctor and the Monkey (French: Le Savant et le Chimpanzé) is a 1900 French short silent comedy film directed by Georges Méliès.	The Doctor and the Monkey	Georges Méliès
cast member	It's Only Money is a comedy film directed by Frank Tashlin and starring Jerry Lewis.	It's Only Money	Jerry Lewis
cast member	A Storm Over Zakopane (German:Sturm über Zakopane or Der Bergführer von Zakopane) is a 1931 German drama film directed by Domenico Gambino and Adolf Trotz and starring Gambino, Alphons Fryland and Lilian Ellis.	A Storm Over Zakopane	Domenico Gambino
cast member	One Sunday Afternoon is a 1933 American Pre-Code romantic comedy film directed by Stephen R. Roberts and starring Gary Cooper and Fay Wray.	One Sunday Afternoon	Gary Cooper	Fay Wray
cast member	The Secret War of Harry Frigg is a 1968 comedy film set in World War II. It was directed by Jack Smight and starred Paul Newman.	The Secret War of Harry Frigg	Paul Newman
cast member	Saalivaahanan (Tamil: சாலிவாகணன்) is a Tamil language film starring Ranjan, T. R. Rajakumari, M. G. Ramachandran and K. L. V. Vasantha.	Saalivaahanan	Ranjan	T. R. Rajakumari	M. G. Ramachandran
cast member	Calling Philo Vance is a 1940 American mystery/comedy released by Warner Bros. and starring James Stephenson as the dilettante detective Philo Vance, his only appearance as the character;	Calling Philo Vance	James Stephenson
cast member	Live at Sturgis 2006 is a live concert DVD filmed by Canadian rock band, Nickelback.	Live at Sturgis 2006	Nickelback
cast member	Trust the Man is a 2005 romantic comedy film starring David Duchovny, Billy Crudup, Julianne Moore, and Maggie Gyllenhaal.	Trust the Man	David Duchovny	Billy Crudup	Julianne Moore	Maggie Gyllenhaal
cast member	Women Are No Angels (German:Frauen sind keine Engel) is a 1943 German comedy film directed by Willi Forst and starring Marte Harell, Axel von Ambesser and Margot Hielscher.	Women Are No Angels	Axel von Ambesser	Margot Hielscher
cast member	Jean and the Calico Doll is a 1910 short film directed by Laurence Trimble and featuring his real-life pet Jean, a border collie soon to be famous as the Vitagraph Dog.	Jean and the Calico Doll	Vitagraph Dog
cast member	A Damsel in Distress is a 1937 English-themed Hollywood musical comedy film starring Fred Astaire, Joan Fontaine, George Burns, and Gracie Allen.	A Damsel in Distress	Fred Astaire	Joan Fontaine	George Burns	Gracie Allen
cast member	Fortune Dane is an 1986 television series starring Carl Weathers as the title character.	Fortune Dane	Carl Weathers
cast member	Rebel in Town is a 1956 American black-and-white Western film directed by Alfred L. Werker and starring John Payne, Ruth Roman, J. Carrol Naish and Ben Cooper.	Rebel in Town	John Payne
cast member	Business and Pleasure is a 1932 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by David Butler, starring Will Rogers and featuring Boris Karloff.	Business and Pleasure	Will Rogers	Boris Karloff
cast member	The Midnight Girl is a 1925 American drama film directed by Wilfred Noy, starring Lila Lee and featuring Béla Lugosi.	The Midnight Girl	Lila Lee
cast member	A Debt of Honour is a 1922 British silent drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Isobel Elsom, Clive Brook and Sydney Seaward.	A Debt of Honour	Isobel Elsom	Clive Brook	Sydney Seaward
cast member	Pandu Pandoru Rajakumari is a 1992 Malayalam film directed by Viji Thampi having Jagadish, Anju and Nedumudi Venu in the lead roles.	Pandu Pandoru Rajakumari	Jagadish	Nedumudi Venu
cast member	Ki Prem Dekhaila (Bengali: কি প্রেম দেখাইলা) is a 2013 Bangladeshi action romance film directed by Shah Muhammad Songhram and starring Bappy Chowdhury, Achol, Bobita, Nutan, Sadek Bacchu, Ali Raj and Shiba Shanu.	Ki Prem Dekhaila	Bappy Chowdhury
cast member	Hearts of the World stars Lillian and Dorothy Gish and Robert Harron.	Hearts of the World	Dorothy Gish	Robert Harron
cast member	Pete, the Pedal Polisher is a 1915 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.	Pete, the Pedal Polisher	Harold Lloyd
cast member	Shaolin Dolemite is a 1999 direct-to-video film starring Rudy Ray Moore and in name, a sequel to Dolemite.	Shaolin Dolemite	Rudy Ray Moore
cast member	Two Weeks in Another Town is a 1962 drama film based on a novel by Irwin Shaw, directed by Vincente Minnelli, and starring Kirk Douglas, Edward G. Robinson, Cyd Charisse, Claire Trevor, Daliah Lavi, George Hamilton, and Rosanna Schiaffino.	Two Weeks in Another Town	Kirk Douglas	Edward G. Robinson	Cyd Charisse	Claire Trevor	Daliah Lavi	George Hamilton	Rosanna Schiaffino
cast member	W Django! (also known as A Man Called Django! and Viva! Django) is a 1971 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Edoardo Mulargia and starring Anthony Steffen.	W Django!	Anthony Steffen
cast member	They Shall Have Music is a 1939 musical film starring famed violinist Jascha Heifetz (as himself), Joel McCrea, Andrea Leeds, and Gene Reynolds.	They Shall Have Music	Jascha Heifetz	Joel McCrea	Andrea Leeds	Gene Reynolds
cast member	His Majesty's Lieutenant (German:Der Leutnant Ihrer Majestät) is a 1929 German silent romance film directed by Jacob Fleck and Luise Fleck and starring Iván Petrovich, Agnes Esterhazy and Georg Alexander.	His Majesty's Lieutenant	Iván Petrovich
cast member	The Return of Clint the Stranger (aka There's a Noose Waiting for You Trinity!, Italian: Il ritorno di Clint il solitario, Spanish: El retorno de Clint el solitario) is a 1972 Italian-Spanish Western film directed by Alfonso Balcázar and starring Klaus Kinski.	The Return of Clint the Stranger	Klaus Kinski
cast member	5 raske piger is a 1933 Danish comedy film directed by A. W. Sandberg and starring Karina Bell.	5 raske piger	Karina Bell
cast member	Our Friends in the North helped to establish the careers of its four lead actors, Daniel Craig, Christopher Eccleston, Gina McKee and Mark Strong; for Craig in particular, his part in the serial has been referred to as his breakthrough role.	Our Friends in the North	Daniel Craig	Christopher Eccleston	Gina McKee	Mark Strong
cast member	The Battle Over Citizen Kane is a 1996 documentary about the clash between newspaper mogul William Randolph Hearst and actor/writer/director Orson Welles over Welles's 1941 motion picture Citizen Kane, which is widely regarded as one of the greatest films of all time.	The Battle Over Citizen Kane	William Randolph Hearst	Orson Welles
cast member	The Sainted Sisters is a 1948 comedy film starring Veronica Lake and co-starring Joan Caulfield, Barry Fitzgerald, George Reeves, William Demarest and Beulah Bondi.	The Sainted Sisters	Veronica Lake	Joan Caulfield	Barry Fitzgerald	George Reeves	William Demarest	Beulah Bondi
cast member	Mano Po stars an all-star cast headed by Maricel Soriano, Richard Gomez, Kris Aquino and Ara Mina.	Mano Po	Maricel Soriano	Richard Gomez	Kris Aquino	Ara Mina
cast member	Young and Innocent (American title: The Girl Was Young) is a 1937 British crime thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock and starring Nova Pilbeam and Derrick De Marney.	Young and Innocent	Alfred Hitchcock	Nova Pilbeam	Derrick De Marney
cast member	En Priyame is a 1983 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Sivakumar, starring Raveendran and Viji in lead roles.	En Priyame	Raveendran
cast member	With Buffalo Bill on the U. P. Trail; alternately called Buffalo Bill on the U. P. Trail, is a 1926 silent film historical western starring Roy Stewart as Buffalo Bill Cody and directed by Frank Mattison.	With Buffalo Bill on the U. P. Trail	Roy Stewart
cast member	Deiva Vaakku (English: Divine promise) is a 1992 Indian Tamil drama film, directed by M. S. Madhu, starring Karthik Muthuraman and Revathi in lead roles.	Deiva Vaakku	Karthik
cast member	Two Days is a 2003 drama film written and directed by Sean McGinly about a man (Paul Rudd) who has a film crew documenting the last two days of his life before his planned suicide.	Two Days	Paul Rudd
cast member	The Devil at 4 O'Clock is a 1961 American Eastman Color disaster film, starring Spencer Tracy and Frank Sinatra and directed by Mervyn LeRoy.	The Devil at 4 O'Clock	Spencer Tracy	Frank Sinatra
cast member	Les Sœurs fâchées (English: The Angry Sisters; distributed in English as Me and My Sister) is a 2004 French comedy film directed by Alexandra Leclère and starring Isabelle Huppert.	Les Sœurs fâchées	Isabelle Huppert
cast member	Niagara, Niagara is a 1997 film directed by Bob Gosse, and starring Henry Thomas, Robin Tunney, as well as Michael Parks, John Ventimiglia, and Stephen Lang.	Niagara, Niagara	Henry Thomas	Robin Tunney	Michael Parks	John Ventimiglia	Stephen Lang
cast member	Pardon My Rhythm is a 1944 movie starring Gloria Jean, Patric Knowles, and Evelyn Ankers, featuring Mel Tormé and Bob Crosby, and directed by Felix E. Feist.	Pardon My Rhythm	Gloria Jean	Patric Knowles	Evelyn Ankers
cast member	In the Times of Don Porfirio (Spanish:En tiempos de Don Porfirio) is a 1940 Mexican musical film directed by Juan Bustillo Oro and starring Fernando Soler, Marina Tamayo and Emilio Tuero.	In the Times of Don Porfirio	Fernando Soler
cast member	Texas, Brooklyn and Heaven (UK title: The Girl from Texas) is a 1948 American romantic comedy film directed by William Castle and starring Guy Madison and Diana Lynn.	Texas, Brooklyn and Heaven	Guy Madison	Diana Lynn
cast member	The Music Box Kid is a low budget 1960 gangster film directed by Edward L. Cahn, starring Ron Foster and Luana Patten.	The Music Box Kid	Ron Foster
cast member	Three Smart Girls Grow Up is a 1939 American musical comedy film directed by Henry Koster and starring Deanna Durbin, Nan Grey, and Helen Parrish.	Three Smart Girls Grow Up	Deanna Durbin	Nan Grey	Helen Parrish
cast member	To Please a Lady is a 1950 romantic drama film produced and directed by Clarence Brown and starring Clark Gable and Barbara Stanwyck.	To Please a Lady	Clark Gable	Barbara Stanwyck
cast member	The Back-up Plan (previously known as Plan B) is a 2010 romantic comedy film, starring Jennifer Lopez and Alex O'Loughlin.	The Back-up Plan	Jennifer Lopez	Alex O'Loughlin
cast member	Gorillas in the Mist is a 1988 American drama film directed by Michael Apted and starring Sigourney Weaver as naturalist Dian Fossey.	Gorillas in the Mist	Sigourney Weaver
cast member	Pyaar Diwana Hota Hai (English: Love Is Crazy) is a 2002 Indian movie directed by Kirti Kumar, starring Govinda and Rani Mukerji.	Pyaar Diwana Hota Hai	Govinda
cast member	Ponmudipuzhayorathu is a 2005 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Johnson Esthappan, starring Sheela, Nedumudi Venu, Kalabhavan Mani, Madhu Warrier, Mala Aravindan and Indrans	Ponmudipuzhayorathu	Sheela	Nedumudi Venu	Kalabhavan Mani	Madhu Warrier	Mala Aravindan	Indrans
cast member	Satan Met a Lady is a 1936 American detective film directed by William Dieterle and starring Bette Davis.	Satan Met a Lady	Bette Davis
cast member	Farlig Ungdom (English; Dangerous Youth) is a 1953 Danish crime drama directed by Lau Lauritzen Jr. and starring Ib Mossin and Birgitte Bruun.	Farlig Ungdom	Ib Mossin
cast member	Seven Below (US title Seven Below Zero) is a 2012 horror-thriller American film directed by Kevin Carraway starring Val Kilmer, Ving Rhames and Luke Goss in lead roles.	Seven Below	Val Kilmer	Ving Rhames	Luke Goss
cast member	Abbott and Costello Meet Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is a 1953 American comedy horror film directed by Charles Lamont and stars the comedy team of Abbott and Costello, and co-stars Boris Karloff.	Abbott and Costello Meet Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde	Boris Karloff
cast member	Two Hearts in May (German:Zwei Herzen im Mai) is a 1958 West German musical comedy film directed by Géza von Bolváry and starring Dieter Borsche, Kristina Söderbaum and Walter Giller.	Two Hearts in May	Dieter Borsche
cast member	A Plantation Act (1926) is an early Vitaphone sound-on-disc short film starring Al Jolson, the first film that Jolson starred in.	A Plantation Act	Al Jolson
cast member	Putty Hill is a 2010 American independent drama film directed by Matthew Porterfield, and starring Sky Ferreira, Zoe Vance, and James Siebor.	Putty Hill	Sky Ferreira
cast member	Adiyozhukkukal (Malayalam: അടിയൊഴുക്കുകള്‍ (Undercurrents)) is a 1984 Malayalam drama film directed by I. V. Sasi and written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair; starring Mammootty, Seema, Mohanlal, Balan K. Nair, Vincent and Rahman in the main roles.	Adiyozhukkukal	Mammootty	Seema	Mohanlal	Vincent	Rahman
cast member	Ann Sheridan as Nora Prentiss Kent Smith as Dr. Richard Talbot Bruce Bennett as Dr. Joel Merriam Robert Alda as Phil Dinardo, Cafe Owner Rosemary DeCamp as Lucy Talbot John Ridgely as Walter Bailey, Heart Patient Robert Arthur as Gregory Talbot Wanda Hendrix as Bonita 'Bunny' Talbot	Nora Prentiss	Rosemary DeCamp	John Ridgely	Robert Arthur	Wanda Hendrix
cast member	Friends and Neighbours is a 1959 British comedy film directed by Gordon Parry and starring Arthur Askey, Megs Jenkins and Peter Illing.	Friends and Neighbours	Arthur Askey	Megs Jenkins	Peter Illing
cast member	They Went That-A-Way & That-A-Way is a 1978 slapstick comedy film written by and starring Tim Conway.	They Went That-A-Way & That-A-Way	Tim Conway
cast member	Best Player is a 2011 television film that was released on March 12, 2011 starring Jerry Trainor as Quincy ``Q'' Johnson and Jennette McCurdy as Christina ``Prodigy'' Saunders, two stars from the hit Nickelodeon show iCarly.	Best Player	Jerry Trainor
cast member	Charles' Aunt (Danish: Charles' tante) is a 1959 Danish comedy film directed by Poul Bang and starring Dirch Passer.	Charles' Aunt	Dirch Passer
cast member	Dance, Little Lady is a 1954 British film directed by Val Guest, and starring Terence Morgan, Mai Zetterling, Guy Rolfe and Mandy Miller.	Dance, Little Lady	Terence Morgan
cast member	The Blue Parrot is a low budget 1953 British crime film directed by John Harlow and starring Dermot Walsh, Jacqueline Hill, Ballard Berkeley, Richard Pearson and John Le Mesurier.	The Blue Parrot	Dermot Walsh
cast member	The Graduates of Malibu High is a low budget American action film starring James Van Patten, Ernest Borgnine, Richard Roundtree, and Lynda Day George.	The Graduates of Malibu High	Ernest Borgnine	Richard Roundtree
cast member	A Melbourne Mystery is a 1913 Australian silent film starring John Gavin.	A Melbourne Mystery	John Gavin
cast member	Mad Dog and Glory is a 1993 American crime comedy-drama film directed by John McNaughton and starring Robert De Niro, Uma Thurman, and Bill Murray.	Mad Dog and Glory	Robert De Niro	Uma Thurman	Bill Murray
cast member	Mary Stevens, M.D. is a 1933 American Pre-Code drama film starring Kay Francis, Lyle Talbot and Glenda Farrell.	Mary Stevens, M.D.	Kay Francis	Glenda Farrell
cast member	Mumbai Se Aaya Mera Dost is a 2003 Bollywood movie starring Abhishek Bachchan, Lara Dutta and Chunky Pandey.	Mumbai Se Aaya Mera Dost	Abhishek Bachchan	Lara Dutta	Chunky Pandey
cast member	The Seed is a 2005 short-film starring Will Yun Lee and Peter Mensah, produced and directed by Joe Hahn of Linkin Park and Ken Mercado.	The Seed	Will Yun Lee	Peter Mensah
cast member	Crimebroker is a 1993 Australian-Japanese TV movie starring Jacqueline Bisset as a housewife who masquerades as a crime broker.	Crimebroker	Jacqueline Bisset
cast member	The Accidental Husband is a 2008 American romantic comedy film directed by Griffin Dunne, and starring Uma Thurman, Jeffrey Dean Morgan, Colin Firth, Isabella Rossellini, and Sam Shepard.	The Accidental Husband	Uma Thurman	Jeffrey Dean Morgan	Colin Firth	Isabella Rossellini	Sam Shepard
cast member	Old Mother Riley, MP is a 1939 British comedy film starring Arthur Lucan and Kitty McShane, which forms part of the Old Mother Riley series of films.	Old Mother Riley, MP	Arthur Lucan
cast member	The Silent Command is a 1923 American silent drama film directed by J. Gordon Edwards and features Bela Lugosi as a foreign saboteur in his American film debut.	The Silent Command	Bela Lugosi
cast member	Salute John Citizen is a 1942 black and white British drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Edward Rigby, Mabel Constanduros and Jimmy Hanley.	Salute John Citizen	Edward Rigby
cast member	The Release of Dan Forbes is a 1916 American silent short drama film directed by Donald MacDonald starring Helen Rosson, William Stowell, and Harry Van Meter.	The Release of Dan Forbes	William Stowell
cast member	Jesse James' Women is a 1954 American film starring as well as directed, co-produced and co-written by Don ``Red'' Barry, who portrays Jesse James.	Jesse James' Women	Don ``Red'' Barry
cast member	Last Frontier Uprising is a 1947 western film directed by Lesley Selander for Republic Pictures and starring Monte Hale and Adrian Booth.	Last Frontier Uprising	Monte Hale
cast member	Imaginary Larry is a 2009 short film co-directed by Riki Lindhome and Dori Oskowitz and starring Riki Lindhome, Kate Micucci, Malcolm Barrett, Ryan Devlin, Christopher Stewart.	Imaginary Larry	Kate Micucci	Malcolm Barrett	Ryan Devlin
cast member	Suhasini Mulay as Aparoopa Biju Phukan as Rana Farooq Sheikh Sushma Seth as Rana's mother Gopi Desai as Radha Hiranya Deka Indra Bania Sushil Goswami Nipon Goswami Girish Karnad Dulal Roy Jagdeep Kulbhushan Kharbanda Neelam	Aparoopa	Farooq Sheikh Sushma Seth	Kulbhushan Kharbanda
cast member	Pasand Apni Apni is a 1983 Hindi-language Indian film directed by Basu Chatterjee, starring Ashok Kumar, Mithun Chakraborty, Utpal Dutt, Rati Agnihotri, Subbiraj, Mithilesh Chaturvedi, Javed Khan and A K Hangal.	Pasand Apni Apni	Ashok Kumar	Mithun Chakraborty	Rati Agnihotri
cast member	Handa and Bhonda is a 2010 Bengali-language Indian feature film directed by Subhankar Chattopadhyay, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Aritra Dutta Banik, Biswajit Chakraborty and Supriya Devi.	Handa and Bhonda	Mithun Chakraborty
cast member	Bungee Jumping of Their Own (Hangul: 번지점프를 하다; RR: Beonjijeompeureul hada) is a 2001 South Korean film starring Lee Byung-hun and Lee Eun-ju.	Bungee Jumping of Their Own	Lee Byung-hun	Lee Eun-ju
cast member	That Devil, Bateese is an 1918 American silent action-drama film directed by William Wolbert and starring Monroe Salisbury, Ada Gleason, and Lon Chaney.	That Devil, Bateese	Monroe Salisbury	Lon Chaney
cast member	Dil Ki Baatein Dil Hi Jaane is an Indian soap opera which aired on Sony TV in 2015, starring Ram Kapoor and Gurdeep Kohli as the main protagonists.	Dil Ki Baatein Dil Hi Jaane	Ram Kapoor
cast member	Full Grown Men is a 2006 American independent comedy film directed by David Munro and starring Matt McGrath, Judah Friedlander, Alan Cumming, Amy Sedaris, and Deborah Harry, is the bittersweet story of a thirtysomething man with family who grudgingly realizes it is time to trade adolescence for adulthood.	Full Grown Men	Matt McGrath	Judah Friedlander	Alan Cumming	Amy Sedaris
cast member	Whole Lotta Sole (known as Stand Off in North America) is a 2012 independent comedy film written and directed by Terry George and starring Brendan Fraser, David O'Hara, Colm Meaney, Yaya DaCosta and Martin McCann.	Whole Lotta Sole	Brendan Fraser	David O'Hara	Colm Meaney	Yaya DaCosta	Martin McCann
cast member	When Nietzsche Wept is a 2007 independent American drama film directed by Pinchas Perry and starring Armand Assante, Ben Cross and Katheryn Winnick.	When Nietzsche Wept	Armand Assante	Ben Cross	Katheryn Winnick
cast member	Singaravelan (Tamil: சிங்காரவேலன்) is a 1992 Indian Tamil comedy film starring Kamal Haasan in the lead role of the protagonist.	Singaravelan	Kamal Haasan
cast member	24 Hours of a Woman's Life is a 1952 British film starring Merle Oberon, loosely based on Stefan Zweig's 100 page novella.	24 Hours of a Woman's Life	Merle Oberon
cast member	The Missing Person is a 2008 comedy-drama-mystery film written and directed by American independent filmmaker Noah Buschel and starring Michael Shannon and Amy Ryan.	The Missing Person	Michael Shannon	Amy Ryan
cast member	Young Lochinvar (1923) is a British silent historical drama film directed by W.P. Kellino and starring Owen Nares, Gladys Jennings, and Dick Webb.	Young Lochinvar	Owen Nares	Gladys Jennings	Dick Webb
cast member	The Stake is a 1915 American silent short drama film starring William Garwood in the lead role with Violet Mersereau.	The Stake	William Garwood	Violet Mersereau
cast member	Hercules and the Black Pirates (Italian: Sansone contro il corsaro nero, also known as Hercules and the Pirates and Hercules and the Black Pirate) is a 1964 Italian pirate-peplum film directed by Luigi Capuano and starring Alan Steel.	Hercules and the Black Pirates	Alan Steel
cast member	Rip's Dream (French: La Légende de Rip Van Vinckle (sic)) is a 1905 French silent film directed by Georges Méliès.	Rip's Dream	Georges Méliès
cast member	Sound of Boot is a 2008 psychological thriller by Shaji Kailas starring Suresh Gopi, Bala, Honey Rose and Murali.	Sound of Boot	Suresh Gopi	Bala
cast member	Bachelor Party Vegas is a comedy film that was released in 2006 starring Kal Penn, Jonathan Bennett, Charlie Spiller, Diora Baird and Donald Faison.	Bachelor Party Vegas	Kal Penn	Jonathan Bennett	Diora Baird	Donald Faison
cast member	Aztec Warrior is an upcoming American action comedy film directed by Scott Sanders and written by Diego O'Brien from a story by himself and Javier Chapa, starring Nadine Velazquez, Terry Crews, Luis Da Silva, Luis Guzmán, Elena Sanchez and Eugenio Derbez.	Aztec Warrior	Nadine Velazquez
cast member	In the movie, Russell Walker has signed all of the hottest acts to his Krush Groove record label, including Run-D.M.C., Dr. Jeckyll & Mr. Hyde (Alonzo Brown), and Kurtis Blow.	Krush Groove	Run-D.M.C.
cast member	Rutger Hauer as Omega Doom Shannon Whirry as Zed Norbert Weisser as The Head Tina Cote as Blackheart Anna Katarina as The Bartender	Omega Doom	Shannon Whirry	Norbert Weisser
cast member	The first film, The Boys of St. Vincent, covers the sexual and physical abuse of a number of orphans by Brothers headed by Brother Peter Lavin (Henry Czerny).	The Boys of St. Vincent	Henry Czerny
cast member	La Fille de l'eau (The Girl of the Water), also known by the English title The Whirlpool of Fate (1925), is a silent film that was shot by Jean Renoir and featured Catherine Hessling for its heroine.	La Fille de l'eau	Catherine Hessling
cast member	The Phantom Stockman is a 1953 Australian western film written and directed by Lee Robinson and starring Chips Rafferty, Victoria Shaw, Max Osbiston and Guy Doleman.	The Phantom Stockman	Chips Rafferty	Victoria Shaw	Guy Doleman
cast member	Hold That Lion is a 1926 silent comedy film directed by William Beaudine, starring Douglas MacLean, Walter Hiers and Constance Howard.	Hold That Lion	Douglas MacLean
cast member	The Arc of Life (2012) is a film of an interview of world religion scholar Professor Huston Smith by Ken Dychtwald, a gerontologist and psychologist.	The Arc of Life	Huston Smith	Ken Dychtwald
cast member	South of Tana River (Danish: Syd for Tana River) is a 1963 Danish family film directed by Bent Christensen and starring Poul Reichhardt.	South of Tana River	Poul Reichhardt
cast member	The Great Scout & Cathouse Thursday is a 1976 comedy film directed by Don Taylor starring Lee Marvin, Oliver Reed, Sylvia Miles and Kay Lenz.	The Great Scout & Cathouse Thursday	Lee Marvin	Oliver Reed	Sylvia Miles	Kay Lenz
cast member	Penn of Pennsylvania is a 1941 British historical drama film directed by Lance Comfort and starring Deborah Kerr, Clifford Evans, Dennis Arundell, Henry Oscar, Herbet Lomas and Edward Rigby.	Penn of Pennsylvania	Deborah Kerr	Clifford Evans
cast member	Les têtes interverties (also known as La Cravate, The Transposed Heads and The Severed Heads) is a 1957 French short film written and directed by Alejandro Jodorowsky.	Les têtes interverties	Alejandro Jodorowsky
cast member	Sheba, Baby is a 1975 American blaxploitation action film starring Pam Grier and Austin Stoker.	Sheba, Baby	Pam Grier	Austin Stoker
cast member	You My Rose Mellow (Hangul: 접시꽃 당신; RR: JeobsiKkoch dangsin) is a 1988 South Korean film directed by Park Chul-soo and starring Lee Deok-hwa and Lee Bo-hee.	You My Rose Mellow	Lee Deok-hwa	Lee Bo-hee
cast member	Clash by Night is a 1952 American drama film with some film noir aspects, directed by Fritz Lang and starring Barbara Stanwyck, Paul Douglas, Robert Ryan, Marilyn Monroe and Keith Andes.	Clash by Night	Barbara Stanwyck	Paul Douglas	Robert Ryan	Marilyn Monroe	Keith Andes
cast member	Looking for Trouble is a 1934 American Pre-Code crime film directed by William A. Wellman and starring Spencer Tracy, Jack Oakie and Constance Cummings.	Looking for Trouble	Spencer Tracy	Jack Oakie	Constance Cummings
cast member	The Wild Scene (1970) is a film starring Alberta Nelson in the story of Dr. Virginia Grant, a female psychiatrist who talks graphically about her tawdriest cases.	The Wild Scene	Alberta Nelson
cast member	Zoo in Budapest (1933) is an American Pre-Code film directed by Rowland V. Lee and starring Loretta Young, Gene Raymond, O.P. Heggie, and Paul Fix.	Zoo in Budapest	Loretta Young	Gene Raymond	O.P. Heggie	Paul Fix
cast member	The Last Confession of Alexander Pearce is a 2008 Australian film directed by Michael James Rowland starring Irish actors Adrian Dunbar as Philip Conolly and Ciaran McMenamin as Alexander Pearce.	The Last Confession of Alexander Pearce	Adrian Dunbar
cast member	Inspector Dhanush is a 1991 Bollywood action film directed by Shyam Ramsay and Tulsi Ramsay, and starring Vishnuvardhan (actor), Sangeeta Bijlani, Suresh Oberoi, Sadashiv Amrapurkar, Dilip Tahil and Roopa Ganguly.	Inspector Dhanush	Vishnuvardhan
cast member	The Mad Doctor of Blood Island is a 1969 Filipino horror film starring John Ashley, Angelique Pettyjohn and Carlito ``Bonoy'' Gonzaga.	The Mad Doctor of Blood Island	John Ashley	Angelique Pettyjohn
cast member	Makkala Rajya (Kannada: ಮಕ್ಕಳ ರಾಜ್ಯ) is a 1960 Kannada film directed and co-produced by B. R. Panthulu.	Makkala Rajya	B. R. Panthulu
cast member	A Última Vez Que Vi Macau is a 2012 Portuguese film directed by João Pedro Rodrigues and João Rui Guerra da Mata.	A Última Vez Que Vi Macau	João Pedro Rodrigues
cast member	Tortured Soul (Italian:Anima tormentata) is a 1919 Italian silent film directed by Mario Caserini and starring Maria Jacobini, Andrea Habay and Alberto Collo.	Tortured Soul	Maria Jacobini	Alberto Collo
cast member	A Home Too Far is a 1990 Taiwanese war drama film directed by Chu Yen-ping starring Andy Lau, Tou Chung-hua and Ko Chun-hsiung.	A Home Too Far	Andy Lau
cast member	Katrin Cartlidge - Claire Dolan Vincent D'Onofrio - Elton Garrett Colm Meaney - Roland Cain Patrick Husted - George Muriel Maida - Claire's Mum Maryann Plunkett - Mary Egan Sarah Rose Hendrickson - Siobhan, Mary's daughter	Claire Dolan	Katrin Cartlidge	Vincent D'Onofrio	Colm Meaney
cast member	Ernest Goes to Africa is a 1997 comedy film written and directed by John R. Cherry III. It stars Jim Varney, and is the ninth film to feature the character of Ernest P. Worrell.	Ernest Goes to Africa	Jim Varney
cast member	Connasse, Princesse des cœurs (also titled The Parisian Bitch) is a 2015 French-Belgian comedy film written and directed by Eloïse Lang and Noémie Saglio, and starring Camille Cottin.	Connasse, Princesse des cœurs	Camille Cottin
cast member	Harold & Kumar is the name for a series of American stoner comedy films starring John Cho (Harold) and Kal Penn (Kumar).	Harold & Kumar	John Cho	Kal Penn
cast member	Free Stuff is hosted by Morgan Webb and Kevin Pereira.	Free Stuff	Morgan Webb	Kevin Pereira
cast member	Shallow Ground is a 2004 horror film written and directed by Sheldon Wilson and starring Timothy V. Murphy, Stan Kirsch, Lindsey Stoddart, Patty McCormack, and Rocky Marquette.	Shallow Ground	Stan Kirsch	Patty McCormack	Rocky Marquette
cast member	Amanda Lear - Sexy Stryx Anna Oxa - Stereo Stryx Asha Puthli- Indian Stryx Corrado Lojacono Gal Costa - Stryx do Brasil Gianni Cajfa Grace Jones - Rumstryx Hal Yamanduchi Mia Martini - Gipsy Stryx Luis Agudo Ombretta Colli - Ludmilla Patty Pravo - Subliminal Stryx Tony Renis - Piloconduttore Walter Valdi	Stryx	Anna Oxa	Tony Renis
cast member	This Is My Affair is a 1937 crime film starring Robert Taylor, Barbara Stanwyck, Victor McLaglen and Brian Donlevy.	This Is My Affair	Robert Taylor	Barbara Stanwyck	Victor McLaglen	Brian Donlevy
cast member	Number, Please? is a 1920 American short comedy film directed by Hal Roach and Fred C. Newmeyer featuring Harold Lloyd.	Number, Please?	Hal Roach	Harold Lloyd
cast member	Jason's Lyric features an ensemble cast of African American actors that includes Allen Payne, Jada Pinkett Smith, Bokeem Woodbine, Treach, Eddie Griffin, Lahmard Tate, Lisa Nicole Carson, and Forest Whitaker.	Jason's Lyric	Allen Payne	Jada Pinkett Smith	Bokeem Woodbine	Treach	Eddie Griffin	Lahmard Tate	Lisa Nicole Carson	Forest Whitaker
cast member	Goodnight, Thank You, You've Been a Lovely Audience is a DVD featuring Sinéad O'Connor.	Goodnight, Thank You, You've Been a Lovely Audience	Sinéad O'Connor
cast member	How to Steal a Million is a 1966 heist comedy film, directed by William Wyler and starring Audrey Hepburn, Peter O'Toole, Eli Wallach and Hugh Griffith.	How to Steal a Million	Audrey Hepburn	Peter O'Toole	Eli Wallach	Hugh Griffith
cast member	Yaare Koogadali (Kannada: ಯಾರೇ ಕೂಗಾಡಲಿ) is a 2012 Kannada action comedy film written and directed by Samuthirakani, starring Puneeth Rajkumar, Yogesh and Bhavana in the lead roles.	Yaare Koogadali	Puneeth Rajkumar	Yogesh	Bhavana
cast member	Owner Sophia (Irene Papas) refuses to allow them to stay at her inn, The Moon-Spinners, but Aunt Frances and Sophia's teenage son Alexis (Michael Davis) persuade her into changing her mind.	The Moon-Spinners	Irene Papas
cast member	Heart of an Actress (French:Âme d'artiste) is a 1924 French silent drama film directed by Germaine Dulac and starring Iván Petrovich, Nicolas Koline and Mabel Poulton.	Heart of an Actress	Iván Petrovich
cast member	Dayton's Devils is a 1968 crime film starring Rory Calhoun, Leslie Nielsen and Lainie Kazan.	Dayton's Devils	Rory Calhoun	Leslie Nielsen	Lainie Kazan
cast member	The Lone Wolf in London is a 1947 American crime film directed by Leslie Goodwins and starring Gerald Mohr, Nancy Saunders and Eric Blore.	The Lone Wolf in London	Gerald Mohr	Eric Blore
cast member	Alias Jimmy Valentine was a 1928 American crime drama film directed by Jack Conway, and starring William Haines, Leila Hyams, Lionel Barrymore, and Karl Dane.	Alias Jimmy Valentine	William Haines	Lionel Barrymore
cast member	To Trap a Spy is the feature-length film version of the pilot episode of The Man from U.N.C.L.E. starring Robert Vaughn and David McCallum.	To Trap a Spy	Robert Vaughn	David McCallum
cast member	Cotton Queen, also known as Crying Out Loud, is a 1937 British comedy film directed by Bernard Vorhaus, and starring Stanley Holloway, Will Fyffe, and Mary Lawson.	Cotton Queen	Stanley Holloway	Will Fyffe	Mary Lawson
cast member	Every Night at Eight is a 1935 American comedy musical film starring George Raft and Alice Faye and made by Walter Wanger Productions Inc. and Paramount Pictures.	Every Night at Eight	George Raft	Alice Faye
cast member	Demoted is a 2011 American comedy film directed by J. B. Rogers and starring Michael Vartan, Sean Astin, Celia Weston and David Cross.	Demoted	Michael Vartan	Sean Astin	Celia Weston	David Cross
cast member	Romeo Ranjha is a 2014 Punjabi language Indian action comedy film Starring Jazzy B and Garry Sandhu written by Dheeraj Ratan, directed by Navaniat Singh, who also directed Singh vs Kaur.	Romeo Ranjha	Jazzy B
cast member	Samsaram Adhu Minsaram (English: (lit.) Family Life is like Electricity) is a 1986 Tamil comedy drama film directed by Visu dealing about the day-to-day travesty and triumph in an ordinary joint family in Tamil Nadu.	Samsaram Adhu Minsaram	Visu
cast member	It Happened in Athens is a 1962 Twentieth Century-Fox comedy-romance film starring Jayne Mansfield and newcomer Trax Colton.	It Happened in Athens	Jayne Mansfield
cast member	Scared to Death (1947) is a thriller film directed by Christy Cabanne and starring Bela Lugosi.	Scared to Death	Bela Lugosi
cast member	Seventh Code is a 2013 Japanese action thriller film written and directed by Kiyoshi Kurosawa, starring Atsuko Maeda.	Seventh Code	Atsuko Maeda
cast member	The Other Guys is a 2010 action comedy film directed and co-written by Adam McKay, starring Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg, and featuring Michael Keaton, Eva Mendes, Steve Coogan, Ray Stevenson, Dwayne Johnson and Samuel L. Jackson.	The Other Guys	Adam McKay	Will Ferrell	Mark Wahlberg	Michael Keaton	Eva Mendes	Steve Coogan	Ray Stevenson	Dwayne Johnson	Samuel L. Jackson
cast member	Suyamariyadhai (English: Self-respect) is a 1992 Tamil film, directed by R. Vijayganesh, starring Karthik and Pallavi in lead roles.	Suyamariyadhai	Karthik
cast member	Lethal Weapon 4 is a 1998 American buddy cop action film directed and produced by Richard Donner, and starring Mel Gibson, Danny Glover, Joe Pesci, Rene Russo, Chris Rock and Jet Li (in his American film debut).	Lethal Weapon 4	Mel Gibson	Danny Glover	Joe Pesci	Rene Russo	Chris Rock	Jet Li
cast member	1 a Minute is a docu-drama film written and directed by Indian American actress Namrata Singh Gujral, and is based on her own life and the lives of other women who suffered from cancer.	1 a Minute	Namrata Singh Gujral
cast member	Urban Games (Chinese: 城市游戏) is a 2014 Chinese-United States action-thriller film directed by Bob Brown and Zhang Peng and starring Shawn Dou and Michelle Chen.	Urban Games	Shawn Dou
cast member	The Newman Shame is a 1977 Australian TV film starring George Lazenby and produced by Robert Bruning who previously worked together on Is There Anybody There? (1976).	The Newman Shame	George Lazenby
cast member	Freedom on Parole (Danish: Frihed på prøve) is a 2010 Danish comedy-drama written and directed by and starring Erik Clausen, Helene Egelund, Jesper Asholt, and Henrik Lykkegaard.	Freedom on Parole	Erik Clausen	Helene Egelund	Jesper Asholt	Henrik Lykkegaard
cast member	Country Town is a 1971 Australian drama film directed by Peter Maxwell, produced by Fenton Rosewarne and starring Terry McDermott, Gary Gray and Lynette Curran.	Country Town	Terry McDermott
cast member	Journey to Shiloh is a 1968 Technicolor epic western film starring James Caan, Michael Sarrazin, Harrison Ford, Brenda Scott, Albert Popwell, Jan-Michael Vincent, Robert Pine and directed by William Hale.	Journey to Shiloh	James Caan	Michael Sarrazin	Harrison Ford	Brenda Scott	Albert Popwell	Jan-Michael Vincent	Robert Pine
cast member	Annai Bhoomi 3D is a 1985 Tamil-language Indian feature film starring Vijayakanth in lead role.	Annai Bhoomi 3D	Vijayakanth
cast member	Lola's Last Letter is a 2015 independent drama-comedy film written and directed by Valerie Brandy, starring Valerie Brandy, Annamarie Kenoyer, and Travis Quentin Young.	Lola's Last Letter	Valerie Brandy
cast member	Caught in Trap, formerly known as Broken Bureau, is a 2014 Chinese crime thriller film directed by Lee Tso Nam and starring Bowie Lam, Che Xiao, Lee Qiang and Guo Wei.	Caught in Trap	Bowie Lam
cast member	Judge Not; or The Woman of Mona Diggings is a 1915 American drama film starring Julia Dean and featuring Harry Carey.	Judge Not; or The Woman of Mona Diggings	Harry Carey
cast member	Calvin Marshall is a 2009 coming of age-comedy film written and directed by Gary Lundgren and starring Alex Frost as the title character, a determined but talentless college baseball player, and Steve Zahn as his coach.	Calvin Marshall	Alex Frost	Steve Zahn
cast member	Three Roses is a 2003 Tamil action film directed by Parameswar featuring Rambha who produced the film along with Jyothika and Laila in the lead roles.	Three Roses	Rambha	Jyothika
cast member	Bump Off Lover (traditional Chinese: 愛殺17; simplified Chinese: 爱杀17; pinyin: Ai Sha 17; literally: ``love kill 17'') is a 2006 Taiwanese drama starring Angela Chang.	Bump Off Lover	Angela Chang
cast member	Out of the Past (released in the United Kingdom as Build My Gallows High) is a 1947 film noir directed by Jacques Tourneur and starring Robert Mitchum, Jane Greer, and Kirk Douglas.	Out of the Past	Robert Mitchum	Jane Greer	Kirk Douglas
cast member	Doctor Mordrid is a 1992 American fantasy film starring Jeffrey Combs.	Doctor Mordrid	Jeffrey Combs
cast member	The Last Company (German:Die letzte Kompagnie) is a 1930 German war film directed by Curtis Bernhardt and starring Conrad Veidt, Karin Evans and Erwin Kalser.	The Last Company	Conrad Veidt	Karin Evans	Erwin Kalser
cast member	Thirumanassu is a 1995 Malayalam film by Aswathi Gopinath starring Saikumar, Charmila, Narendra Prasad, Dileep, K.R. Vijaya and Rajan P. Dev. The film was originally titled was Thiruvithamkoor Thirumanassu which caused controversy and the film makers were forced to change name as Thirumanassu.	Thirumanassu	Saikumar	Charmila	Narendra Prasad	Dileep
cast member	The Danger Girl is a 1916 American silent comedy film directed by Clarence G. Badger and starring Bobby Vernon and Gloria Swanson.	The Danger Girl	Gloria Swanson
cast member	Sonna Puriyathu (English: You won't get it; ) is a 2013 Indian Tamil comedy film directed by debutant Krishnan Jayaraj, a former associate of C. S. Amudhan It features Shiva and Vasundhara in the lead roles.	Sonna Puriyathu	Shiva
cast member	The Return of Draw Egan is a 1916 silent era western drama motion picture starring William S. Hart, Louise Glaum, Margery Wilson, Robert McKim, and J.P. Lockney.	The Return of Draw Egan	William S. Hart	Louise Glaum	Margery Wilson
cast member	Erich von Stroheim as The Great Gabbo Betty Compson as Mary Donald Douglas as Frank Marjorie Kane as Babe John F. Hamilton as Neighbour	The Great Gabbo	Marjorie Kane
cast member	Lay the Favorite (promoted as Lay the Favourite in the UK) is a 2012 American comedy film starring Bruce Willis, Rebecca Hall, Catherine Zeta-Jones and Joshua Jackson.	Lay the Favorite	Bruce Willis	Rebecca Hall	Catherine Zeta-Jones	Joshua Jackson
cast member	The Hireling is a 1973 British drama film directed by Alan Bridges, based on a 1957 novel by LP Hartley, which starred Robert Shaw and Sarah Miles.	The Hireling	Robert Shaw	Sarah Miles
cast member	Let the Bullets Fly (simplified Chinese: 让子弹飞; traditional Chinese: 讓子彈飛; pinyin: Ràng Zǐ Dàn Fēi; Jyutping: Joeng6 Zi2 Daan6 Fei1) is a 2010 action comedy film written and directed by Jiang Wen, based on a story by Ma Shitu (马识途), a famous Sichuanese writer.	Let the Bullets Fly	Jiang Wen
cast member	Poeten og Lillemor i forårshumør is a 1961 Danish comedy film directed by Erik Balling and starring Henning Moritzen.	Poeten og Lillemor i forårshumør	Henning Moritzen
cast member	Europa Report is a 2013 science fiction film directed by Sebastián Cordero, and starring Christian Camargo, Anamaria Marinca, Michael Nyqvist, Daniel Wu, Karolina Wydra, and Sharlto Copley.	Europa Report	Christian Camargo	Anamaria Marinca	Michael Nyqvist	Daniel Wu	Karolina Wydra	Sharlto Copley
cast member	Adventures on Kythera is an Australian children's television series starring Amelia Frid and Rebekah Elmaloglou about children who have adventures on the Greek island of Kythera.	Adventures on Kythera	Amelia Frid
cast member	Seven Pounds is a 2008 American drama film, directed by Gabriele Muccino, in which Will Smith stars as a man who sets out to change the lives of seven people.	Seven Pounds	Will Smith
cast member	Sergeant Schwenke (German:Oberwachtmeister Schwenke) is a 1935 German drama film directed by Carl Froelich and starring Gustav Fröhlich, Marianne Hoppe and Karl Dannemann.	Sergeant Schwenke	Gustav Fröhlich
cast member	Sailing for Madagascar is a 2005 short film, written and directed by Tom Oesch, and starring Aimee Teegarden.	Sailing for Madagascar	Aimee Teegarden
cast member	The Magnificent Tony Carrera (Spanish: El magnífico Tony Carrera, German: Carrera - Das Geheimnis der blonden Katze, Italian: Il magnifico Tony Carrera) is a 1968 Spanish-German-Italian Eurospy film written and directed by José Antonio de la Loma and starring Thomas Hunter.	The Magnificent Tony Carrera	Thomas Hunter
cast member	After some time working on Engine 33, Jack arrives at the scene of another vacant rowhouse fire, where a fellow firefighter from Ladder 49, Dennis Gauquin (Billy Burke), dies after falling through a roof of the building.	Ladder 49	Billy Burke
cast member	Dual Alibi is a 1947 British drama film directed by Alfred Travers and starring Herbert Lom, Phyllis Dixey and Terence De Marney.	Dual Alibi	Herbert Lom	Phyllis Dixey	Terence De Marney
cast member	Wolf Warriors (Chinese: 战狼) is a 2015 Chinese 3D war action film directed by Wu Jing.	Wolf Warriors	Wu Jing
cast member	The Dark Past is a 1948 psychological thriller film noir directed by Rudolph Maté, and starring William Holden, Nina Foch, and Lee J. Cobb.	The Dark Past	William Holden	Nina Foch	Lee J. Cobb
cast member	One Man's Journey is a 1933 American Pre-Code drama film, starring Lionel Barrymore as Dr. Eli Watt.	One Man's Journey	Lionel Barrymore
cast member	Why He Gave Up is a 1911 American short silent comedy film starring Fred Mace and Mabel Normand.	Why He Gave Up	Fred Mace	Mabel Normand
cast member	The Iran Job is a documentary directed by Till Schauder and produced by Sara Nodjoumi about Kevin Sheppard, a professional American basketball player, as he plays in Shiraz, Iran for the A.S. Shiraz team (since renamed B.A Shiraz BC) in the Iranian Super League.	The Iran Job	Kevin Sheppard
child	`` The second occurrence is in Acts 28:11: the name of the ship in which the prisoner Paul set sail from the island of Malta bore the figurehead ''Sons of Zeus`` aka Castor and Pollux.	Zeus	Pollux
child	Julia Lennon (née Stanley; 12 March 1914 -- 15 July 1958) was the mother of English musician John Lennon, who was born during her marriage to Alfred Lennon.	Julia Lennon	John Lennon
child	Peleg's son was Reu, born when Peleg was thirty, and he had other sons and daughters.	Peleg	Reu
child	George Moreby Acklom (17 November 1870 -- 26 October 1959), was a British writer, editor, literary adviser and critic based in New York City, principally with the publisher E.P. Dutton, and the father of the Hollywood actor David Manners.	George Moreby Acklom	David Manners
child	Nest ferch Cadell was the daughter of Cadell ap Elisedd, an 8th-century King of Powys, the wife of Merfyn Frych, King of Gwynedd, and mother of Rhodri the Great, King of both Powys and Gwynedd.	Nest ferch Cadell	Rhodri the Great
child	Belle Case La Follette and Fola La Follette (1953).	Belle Case La Follette	Fola La Follette
child	Francis Hamilton Wedgwood, JP, High Sheriff, (1867--1930) Clement Henry Wedgwood (1870--1871) died in infancy Josiah Clement Wedgwood, 1st Baron Wedgwood (1872--1943) Sir Ralph Wedgwood, 1st Baronet (1874--1956) 1st baronet, chief officer of the LNER for 16 years.	Clement Wedgwood	Francis Hamilton Wedgwood	Sir Ralph Wedgwood, 1st Baronet
child	Most notable as the leader of the League of Assassins, Ra's al Ghul is the son of Sensei, the father of Talia al Ghul, Nyssa Raatko, and Dusan al Ghul, and the grandfather of Damian Wayne.	Ra's al Ghul	Talia al Ghul	Nyssa Raatko
child	Emilie Schenkl (26 December 1910 -- March 1996) was the wife, or companion, of Subhas Chandra Bose--a major leader of Indian nationalism--and the mother of their daughter, Anita Bose Pfaff (born 29 November 1942).	Emilie Schenkl	Anita Bose Pfaff
child	Birutė (died 1382) was the second wife of Kęstutis, Grand Duke of Lithuania, and mother of Vytautas the Great.	Birutė	Vytautas
child	Junius Spencer Morgan I (April 14, 1813 -- April 8, 1890) was an American banker and financier and the father of J. P. Morgan.	Junius Spencer Morgan	J. P. Morgan
child	With Erebus (Darkness), Nyx gives birth to Aether (Brightness) and Hemera (Day).	Nyx	Aether	Hemera
child	Francis Lenn Taylor (December 28, 1897 -- November 20, 1968) was an American art dealer and father of the actress Elizabeth Taylor.	Francis Lenn Taylor	Elizabeth Taylor
child	Walter Jacobson's son, Peter Jacobson, is an actor who has appeared in the television programs Will & Grace, Law & Order, and House and films like Good Night, and Good Luck, Transformers and Failure to Launch.	Walter Jacobson	Peter Jacobson
child	His posthumous son, Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa Postumus, was named in his honor.	Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa	Agrippa Postumus
child	At first Sun Quan nominally served as a Wei vassal with the Wei-created title of King of Wu, but after Cao Pi demanded that he send his son Sun Deng as a hostage to the Wei capital Luoyang and he refused, in 222, he declared himself independent by changing his era name.	Sun Quan	Sun Deng
child	Two of González' sons work as professional wrestlers under the names Dr. Wagner, Jr. and Silver King and one of his grandsons made his wrestling debut in 2009 under the name El Hijo de Dr. Wagner, Jr. or Dr. Wagner III	Dr. Wagner	Silver King
child	Maria Louisa Bustill Robeson (November 8, 1853 -- January 20, 1904) was a Quaker schoolteacher; the wife of the Reverend William Drew Robeson of Witherspoon Street Presbyterian Church in Princeton, New Jersey and the mother of Paul Robeson and his siblings.	Maria Louisa Bustill	Paul Robeson
child	According to Gylfaginning, a book of Snorri Sturluson's Prose Edda, Baldr's wife is Nanna and their son is Forseti.	Baldr	Forseti
child	The Skar-cung pillar erected by Sadnalegs (ruled c. 800-815) says that during the reign of Trisong Detsen, ``shrines of the Three Jewels were established by building temples at the centre and on the borders, Bsam-yas in Brag-mar and so on''.	Trisong Detsen	Sadnalegs
child	In about 560, Thurisind died and was succeeded by his remaining son Cunimund, who was killed by Alboin in 567.	Thurisind	Cunimund
child	He was the father of Peter Smith Hoe, Richard March Hoe (1812-1886) and Robert Hoe (1815-1884).	Robert Hoe	Richard March Hoe
child	With his first wife, cyclist Leontine van der Lienden, Jean-Paul van Poppel has two sons, Boy van Poppel who races for Trek-Segafredo and Danny van Poppel who races for Team Sky, and a daughter Kim.	Jean-Paul van Poppel	Boy van Poppel	Danny van Poppel
child	Peisistratids is the common term for the three tyrants who ruled in Athens from 546 to 510 BC, namely Peisistratos and his two sons, Hipparchus and Hippias.	Peisistratos	Hipparchus	Hippias
child	Sahle Selassie was the father of numerous sons, among them Haile Melekot, Haile Mikael, Seyfe Sahle Selassie, and Darge Sahle Selassie; his daughters included Tenagnework, Ayahilush, Wossenyelesh, Birkinesh, and Tinfelesh.	Sahle Selassie	Haile Melekot
child	Åsa Haraldsdottir of Agder (died ca. 834?) was a semi-legendary Norwegian Viking age Queen regnant of the petty kingdom Agder and mother of Halfdan the Black and grandmother of Harald Fairhair, according to the sagas of the Yngling clan.	Åsa Haraldsdottir of Agder	Halfdan the Black
child	Tangguldai, Duke of Fu Tabai, Duke of Fu Lady Giyamuhut Gioro (嘉穆瑚覺羅氏) (given name Zhen'ge (真哥)), bore Nurhaci five children:	Nurhaci	Tangguldai	Tabai
child	Lady Zhen laughed and replied, ``Why should I be worried when (Cao) Rui and the others are with Madam (Lady Bian)?''	Lady Zhen	Cao) Rui
child	Sir John Stanhope (1559 -- 1611) was an English knight and landowner, and father of Philip Stanhope, 1st Earl of Chesterfield.	Sir John Stanhope	Philip Stanhope, 1st Earl of Chesterfield
child	Queen Paola of Belgium (born Donna Paola Ruffo di Calabria on 11 September 1937) is the wife of the former King Albert II and was Queen of the Belgians from 1993 until his abdication in favour of their eldest child the current King Philippe of Belgium.	Queen Paola of Belgium	Philippe of Belgium
child	Yesugei Baghatur or Yesükhei (Modern Mongolian: Есүхэй баатар, Yesukhei baatar; died 1171), was a major chief of the Khamag Mongol confederation and the father of Temüjin, later known as Genghis Khan.	Yesugei	Genghis Khan
child	Gerry Goffin was married to Carole King between 1959 and 1969; they had two daughters, singer-songwriter Louise Goffin and Sherry Goffin Kondor.	Gerry Goffin	Louise Goffin
child	Around Year 15 or 16 of Smendes, Pinedjem I proclaimed himself pharaoh over Upper Egypt and his priestly role was inherited by his two sons Masaharta and Menkheperre.	Pinedjem I	Masaharta
child	Exclusive Native is the Sire of Triple Crown Winner Affirmed.	Exclusive Native	Affirmed
child	Andrea Heinemann Simon (March 24, 1909 -- February 15, 1994) was a community leader and the mother of award-winning singer, Carly Simon.	Andrea Heinemann Simon	Carly Simon
child	Bhajan Lal was born on 6 October 1930 in Koranwali, Bahawalpur District, now in Punjab (Pakistan)in a Marwari Bishnoi family.His family origionaly belongs to Manjhubas in Jodhpur,Rajasthan He has two sons, Chander Mohan Bishnoi and Kuldeep Bishnoi.	Bhajan Lal	Kuldeep Bishnoi
child	Along with Naved Jaffery and Bollywood actor Javed Jaffrey, Jagdeep has three more children- Hussein, Shakira Shafi and Suraiya- from his first wife, Naseem Begam.	Jagdeep	Javed Jaffrey
child	Khuwaylid ibn Asad (Arabic: خويلد بن أسد‎) was a man of Banu Quraysh and mainly recognised as being the father of Khadijah bint Khuwaylid, the wife of the Islamic prophet Muhammad.	Khuwaylid ibn Asad	Khadijah bint Khuwaylid
child	Puente's youngest son, Tito Puente, Jr., has continued his father's legacy by presenting many of the same songs in his performances and recordings, while daughter Audrey Puente is a television meteorologist for WNYW and WWOR-TV in New York City.	Tito Puente	Audrey Puente
child	Chościsko (Polish pronunciation: (xɔɕˈtɕiskɔ)) is a legendary figure in a Polish prehistory, father of Piast the Wheelwright, the founder of the Piast dynasty.	Chościsko	Piast the Wheelwright
child	Carl Joseph Begas, or Karl Begas, (30 September 1794 -- 24 November 1854), was a German historical painter born at Heinsberg near Aachen.	Carl Joseph Begas	Karl Begas
child	The Prince Edward, Duke of Kent and Strathearn KG KP GCB GCH PC (Edward Augustus; 2 November 1767 -- 23 January 1820) was the fourth son and fifth child of King George III of the United Kingdom and the father of Queen Victoria.	Prince Edward, Duke of Kent and Strathearn	Queen Victoria
child	Umm Farwah bint al-Qasim (Arabic: أم فروة بنت القاسم‎) or Umm Farwah Fatimah was the wife Muhammad al-Baqir, and the mother of the sixth Imam, Ja'far al-Sadiq.	Umm Farwah bint al-Qasim	Ja'far al-Sadiq
child	Rzepicha (pronounced (ʐɛˈpixa)) (also Rzepka) was the wife of the semi-legendary Piast the Wheelwright (founder of the Piast dynasty) and the mother of Siemowit.	Rzepicha	Siemowit
child	Richard Shakespeare (1490--d. before 10 February 1561) was a husbandman of Snitterfield, Warwickshire, 4 miles (6.4 km) north-northeast of Stratford-upon-Avon, the father of John Shakespeare and the grandfather of William Shakespeare.	Richard Shakespeare	John Shakespeare
child	Loukas Daralas (Greek: Λουκάς Νταράλας) (1927--1977) was born in Athens and is perhaps best known as the father of contemporary singer George Dalaras.	Loukas Daralas	George Dalaras
child	Aplahanda was succeeded by his son, Yatar-Ami.	Aplahanda	Yatar-Ami
child	Zeus made Arcesius' line one of ``only sons'': his only son was Laertes, whose only son was Odysseus, whose only son was Telemachus.	Arcesius	Laertes
child	Autolycus, the Prince of Thieves, was a son of Hermes and Chione (mortal) and grandfather of Odysseus.	Hermes	Autolycus
child	Gaius (also known as Caligula), the emperor who succeeded Tiberius, was the son of Germanicus.	Germanicus	Caligula
child	In the first marriage he was the father of Chief of Army Thord Bonde and colonel Carl Bonde, and in the latter Peder Bonde, chamberlain and active in the so called Wallenberg sphere.	Carl Bonde	Peder Bonde
child	Filippo Taglioni (aka Philippe Taglioni; 5 November 1777 -- 11 February 1871) was an Italian dancer and choreographer and personal teacher to his own daughter, the famous Romantic ballerina Marie Taglioni.	Filippo Taglioni	Marie Taglioni
child	In the Book of Exodus, Kehath has four sons, Amram, Izhar, Hebron and Uzziel.	Kehath	Amram
child	Éomer had met Princess Lothíriel of Dol Amroth, during his stay in Gondor, and they were soon wed. She bore him a son named Elfwine, known as ``Elfwine the Fair''.	Éomer	Elfwine
child	The Central Tower in San Francisco called also Spreckels Building, named for Claus Spreckels and John D. Spreckels.	Claus Spreckels	John D. Spreckels
conflict	Lieutenant (later Colonel) John Sharpe Griffith was a World War I flying ace credited with seven aerial victories.	John Sharpe Griffith	World War I
conflict	Sir John Fastolf KG (1380 -- 5 November 1459) was an English knight during the Hundred Years War, who has enjoyed a more lasting reputation as the prototype, in some part, of Shakespeare's Sir John Falstaff.	John Fastolf	Hundred Years War
conflict	Charles Davis Jameson (February 24, 1827 -- November 6, 1862) was an American Civil War general and Democratic Party candidate for Governor of Maine.	Charles Davis Jameson	American Civil War
conflict	Horst von der Goltz (born Franz Wachendorf in 1884 in Koblenz) was a German counterintelligence agent during World War I (WWI).	Horst von der Goltz	World War I
conflict	Henry Clay Taylor (4 March 1845 -- 26 July 1904) was a rear admiral in the United States Navy who served in the American Civil War and the Spanish--	Henry Clay Taylor	American Civil War
conflict	Vice Admiral Ferdinand Louis Reichmuth (April 11, 1881 -- August 16, 1978) was an officer of the United States Navy who served in World War I and World War II.	Ferdinand Louis Reichmuth	World War I
conflict	Samuel E. Lewis (1840 - March 22, 1907) was a Corporal in the Union Army and a Medal of Honor recipient for his actions in the American Civil War.	Samuel E. Lewis	American Civil War
conflict	Abraham Krotoshinsky (1892--1953) was a United States Army soldier who received the Distinguished Service Cross in recognition of his actions as part of The Lost Battalion.	Abraham Krotoshinsky	Lost Battalion
conflict	Hauptmann Horst-Günther von Fassong (born 27 April 1919 in Kassel -- MIA 1 January 1945) was a German World War II Luftwaffe Flying ace.	Horst-Günther von Fassong	World War II
conflict	Sergeant Arthur Ernest Newland DFM & Bar (1882--1964) was a British World War I observer ace credited with 22 victories.	Arthur Ernest Newland	World War I
conflict	Due to the fact that Major Cuthbert Bromley died during World War I his family would have also received the Dead Man's Penny.	Cuthbert Bromley	World War I
conflict	Heinrich-Wilhelm Ahnert was originally an intelligence officer and reconnaissance pilot, he flew missions during the Invasion of Poland and during the Battle of France.	Heinrich-Wilhelm Ahnert	Battle of France
conflict	Charles Piroth (1906 -- 15 March 1954) was a French artillery officer and veteran of the Italian Campaign during the Second World War, after which he served three tours in Vietnam during the First Indochina War.	Charles Piroth	First Indochina War
conflict	Don Wemple (October 14, 1917 - June, 1944) was an American football player and a World War II veteran.	Don Wemple	World War II
conflict	Erwan Bergot (27 January 1930, Bordeaux -- 1 May 1993) was a French Army officer and author; he served in the French Army during the First Indochina War and Algerian War.	Erwan Bergot	Algerian War
conflict	Karl Jäckel (20 December 1913, Gladbeck, Westphalia -- 7 December 1984, Neubrandenburg) was a German U-boat coxswain in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Karl Jäckel	World War II
conflict	From the early stages of World War I, Andranik commanded the first Armenian volunteer battalion and led them within the Russian Imperial army against the Ottoman Empire.	Andranik	World War I
conflict	During World War I, Kingman Douglass served as a pilot with the 91st Aero Squadron, engaged in aerial observation and photographic intelligence.	Kingman Douglass	World War I
conflict	Leon Berbecki (28 July 1875, Lublin -- 23 March 1963, Gliwice) was a Polish army officer, who fought in the Russo-Japanese War and World War I with the Imperial Russian Army.	Leon Berbecki	Russo-Japanese War	World War I
conflict	Leutnant Friedrich Friedrichs was a World War I fighter ace credited with 21 confirmed victories.	Friedrich Friedrichs	World War I
conflict	Gergely András Molnár (16 November 1897 -- 22 March 2006) was, at age 108, the last Hungarian World War I veteran.	Gergely András Molnár	World War I
conflict	Antonios Miaoulis (Greek: Αντώνιος Μιαούλης; 1800 -- October 25, 1836) was a Greek politician and a revolutionary leader during the Greek War of Independence.	Antonios Miaoulis	Greek War of Independence
conflict	Alfred Teumer (11 February 1918 -- 4 October 1944) was a German Luftwaffe flying ace during World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Alfred Teumer	World War II
conflict	Philippe Charles Tronson du Coudray (September 8, 1738 -- September 11, 1777) was a French army officer who volunteered for service in the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War.	Philippe Charles Tronson du Coudray	American Revolutionary War
conflict	Alexei Evert (Russian: Алексей Эверт; 4 March 1857-10 May 1926) was a Russian Imperial General in World War I, notable for his role as commander of the Russian Western Army Group in the Brusilov Offensive.	Alexei Evert	World War I
conflict	Frank J. Bart (April 15, 1883 -- March 31, 1961) was a Medal of Honor recipient for World War I. Born in New York City, he entered service in Newark, New Jersey in the United States Army during World War I as a Private in Company C, 9th Infantry, 2nd Division.	Frank J. Bart	World War I
conflict	Andrew Hull Foote (September 12, 1806 -- June 26, 1863) was an American naval officer who was noted for his service in the American Civil War and also for his contributions to several naval reforms in the years prior to the war.	Andrew Hull Foote	American Civil War
conflict	Donald E. Hillman (August 24, 1918 -- March 16, 2012) was an American World War II flying ace and prisoner of war credited with five enemy aircraft destroyed.	Donald E. Hillman	World War II
conflict	Kurt Wahl (20 August 1914 -- 28 December 1988) was a Sturmbannführer (Major) in the Waffen-SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub).	Kurt Wahl	World War II
conflict	Marie François Rouyer (2 March 1765 -- 10 August 1824) was a French general during the Napoleonic Wars.	Marie François Rouyer	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	The M79 grenade launcher is a single-shot, shoulder-fired, break-action grenade launcher that fires a 40×46mm grenade, which uses what the US Army calls the High-Low Propulsion System to keep recoil forces low, and first appeared during the Vietnam War.	M79 grenade launcher	Vietnam War
conflict	Griffin Greene (1749--1804) served as a commissary, paymaster, and quartermaster to the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War.	Griffin Greene	American Revolutionary War
conflict	SS Dakotan was a cargo ship built in 1912 for the American-Hawaiian Steamship Company that served as a transport ship in the United States Army Transport Service in World War I, and then was transferred to the Soviet Union under Lend-Lease in World War II before being finally scrapped in 1969.	SS Dakotan	World War II
conflict	The Spencer repeating rifle was adopted by the Union Army, especially by the cavalry, during the American Civil War, but did not replace the standard issue muzzle-loading rifled muskets in use at the time.	Spencer repeating rifle	American Civil War
conflict	Alfred Schulze-Hinrichs (6 November 1899 -- 23 June 1972) was a Kapitän zur See with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Alfred Schulze-Hinrichs	World War II
conflict	Robert T. Waugh (died May 19, 1944) was a United States Army officer and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration--the Medal of Honor--for his actions during the Battle of Monte Cassino in World War II.	Robert T. Waugh	Battle of Monte Cassino
conflict	James W. Larrabee (1839 -- December 30, 1907) was a soldier in the Union Army and a Medal of Honor recipient for his actions during the Siege of Vicksburg in the American Civil War.	James W. Larrabee	American Civil War
conflict	Fritz Biegi (18 January 1918 -- 16 March 1945) was a Standartenoberjunker in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, an award for extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.	Fritz Biegi	World War II
conflict	John Durbin Ward (February 11, 1819 -- May 22, 1886) was an Ohio lawyer, politician, newspaper publisher, and American Civil War officer.	Durbin Ward	American Civil War
conflict	The five Sullivan brothers were World War II sailors who, serving together on the USS Juneau (CL-52), were all killed in action on its sinking around November 13, 1942.	Sullivan brothers	World War II
conflict	Karl Henke (22 July 1896 in Berlin -- 27 April 1945 in Neutief) was an engineer officer in the Reichsheer during World War I, in the German inter-war army, the Reichswehr, and in the Wehrmacht.	Karl Henke	World War I
conflict	General Sir Roger Hale Sheaffe, 1st Baronet (15 July 1763 -- 17 July 1851) was a Loyalist General in the British Army during the War of 1812.	Roger Hale Sheaffe	War of 1812
conflict	Private Harry Farr (1891 -- 18 October 1916) was a British soldier who was executed during World War I for cowardice at the age of 25.	Harry Farr	World War I
conflict	Erich Olboeter (26 July 1917 -- 2 September 1944) was a Sturmbannführer (Major) in the Waffen-SS during World War II, who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Erich Olboeter	World War II
conflict	Brigadier General Alfred Judson Force Moody (4 March 1918 -- 19 March 1967) was a United States Army officer who served with SHAEF during World War II, and as the Assistant Division Commander of the 1st Cavalry Division during the Vietnam War.	Alfred Judson Force Moody	World War II
conflict	Alfred Wolf (1923--1943) was a United States Navy sailor who distinguished himself in combat during World War II and later died in action.	Alfred Wolf	World War II
conflict	Bradley Winslow (August 1, 1831 -- October 24, 1914) was an American Civil War Union brevet brigadier general.	Bradley Winslow	American Civil War
conflict	USS Sorrel (1864) was a small 68-ton steamer purchased by the Union Navy towards the end of the American Civil War.	USS Sorrel (1864)	American Civil War
conflict	Henry Svehla (c. 1932 -- June 12, 1952) was a United States Army soldier who on May 2, 2011 was posthumously awarded the United States military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions in the Korean War.	Henry Svehla	Korean War
conflict	USS Brockenborough (1862) was a sloop captured by the Union Navy during the American Civil War.	USS Brockenborough (1862)	American Civil War
conflict	Julius Ellsberry (1922 -- December 7, 1941) was the first Alabamian killed in World War II, and one of the first Americans to die in the Pacific during World War II.	Julius Ellsberry	World War II
conflict	Pierre-Louis Binet de Marcognet (14 November 1765 -- 19 December 1854) joined the French army in 1781 as an officer cadet and fought in the American Revolutionary War.	Pierre-Louis Binet de Marcognet	American Revolutionary War
conflict	The U.S. Navy chartered Crest in 1917 for World War I service and commissioned her as USS Crest (SP-339) on 8 May 1917 with Lieutenant, junior grade, P. C. Shea, USNRF, in command.	USS Crest (SP-339)	World War I
conflict	José Santos Ramírez (c. 1790 - 1851) was an Argentine soldier for a long time in the militia of Mendoza Province, and was involved on the Federalist side in several of the Argentine Civil Wars.	José Santos Ramírez	Argentine Civil Wars
conflict	William Babcock Hazen (September 27, 1830 -- January 16, 1887) was a career United States Army officer who served in the Indian Wars, as a Union general in the American Civil War, and as Chief Signal Officer of the U.S. Army.	William Babcock Hazen	American Civil War
conflict	The Mark 15 torpedo, the standard American destroyer-launched torpedo of World War II, was very similar in design to the Mark 14 torpedo except that it was longer, heavier, and had greater range and a larger warhead.	Mark 15 torpedo	World War II
conflict	General Nisbet Balfour (Dunbog, 1743--10 October 1823, Dunbog) was a British soldier in the American Revolutionary War and later a Scottish Member of parliament (MP) in the British Parliament.	Nisbet Balfour	American Revolutionary War
conflict	Lancelot de Saint-Maard (died 1278) was the fourteenth marshal of France at the time of the Eighth Crusade in 1270.	Lancelot de Saint-Maard	Eighth Crusade
conflict	Second Lieutenant Edward Darby DSM (born 7 March 1888, date of death unknown) was a World War I flying ace credited with six aerial victories.	Edward Darby	World War I
conflict	Munshi Abdur Rouf (Bengali: মুন্সী আবদুর রউফ; 1 May 1943 -- 18 April 1971) was a Lance Nayek in the East Pakistan Rifles during the Bangladesh Liberation War.	Munshi Abdur Rouf	Bangladesh Liberation War
conflict	Alfred Gibbs (April 22, 1823 -- December 26, 1868) was a career officer in the United States Army (Regular Army) who served as a brigadier general in the Union Army during the American Civil War (``Civil War'').	Alfred Gibbs	American Civil War
conflict	William High Keim (June 13, 1813 -- May 18, 1862) was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania, as well as a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.	William High Keim	American Civil War
conflict	Karl Litzmann (January 22, 1850, Neuglobsow, Stechlin, Brandenburg -- May 28, 1936, Neuglobsow, Stechlin, Germany) was a German World War I general and later Nazi Party member and state politician.	Karl Litzmann	World War I
conflict	Francisco Ballesteros, (1770 in Zaragoza -- June 29, 1832 in Paris) emerged as a career Spanish General during the Peninsular War.	Francisco Ballesteros	Peninsular War
conflict	Theodor Weissenberger (21 December 1914 -- 11 June 1950) was a German Luftwaffe military aviator during World War II and a fighter ace credited with 208 enemy aircraft shot down in 375 combat missions.	Theodor Weissenberger	World War II
conflict	Major Karl-Heinz Greisert (2 February 1908 -- 22 July 1942) was German World War II Luftwaffe Ace and a Geschwaderkommodore of JG 2 and recipient of the German Cross in Gold on 5 June 1942.	Karl-Heinz Greisert	World War II
conflict	Günther Pulst (26 March 1918 in Braunschweig -- 5 January 1991 in Bonn) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Günther Pulst	World War II
conflict	General Sir Kenneth Arthur Noel Anderson, KCB, MC (25 December 1891 -- 29 April 1959) was a senior British Army officer who saw service in both World War I and World War II. He is mainly remembered as the commander of the First Army during Operation Torch, the Allied invasion of North Africa.	Kenneth Arthur Noel Anderson	World War I
conflict	The Alpine Line was unsuccessfully attacked by Italian forces during the Italian invasion of France in 1940.	Alpine Line	Italian invasion of France
conflict	Paul Rand Dixon (1913-1996) was a decorated World War II veteran, chairman and commissioner of the Federal Trade Commission of the United States from 1961 to 1969 and again briefly in 1976.	Paul Rand Dixon	World War II
conflict	Thomas Hoban (born September 11, 1872) was a coxswain serving in the United States Navy during the Spanish-- American War who received the Medal of Honor for bravery.	Thomas Hoban	Spanish-- American War
conflict	Étienne de Vignolles (French pronunciation: ​(etjɛn də viɲɔlə)), called La Hire (French: (la iʁ); Préchacq-les-Bains, Landes, 1390 -- 11 January 1443 in Montauban), was a French military commander during the Hundred Years' War.	La Hire	Hundred Years' War
conflict	Billy Walkabout (March 31, 1949 -- March 7, 2007) is thought to be the most decorated Native American soldier of the Vietnam War.	Billy Walkabout	Vietnam War
conflict	Friedrich Körner (24 January 1921 -- 3 September 1998) was a World War II Luftwaffe Flying ace.	Friedrich Körner	World War II
conflict	The Lorenz rifle was the third most widely used rifle during the American Civil War.	Lorenz rifle	American Civil War
constellation	NGC 7673 is a disturbed spiral galaxy located in the constellation Pegasus.	NGC 7673	Pegasus
constellation	G 240-72 (or WD 1748+708, or LHS 455, or GJ 1221) is a nearby degenerate star (white dwarf) of spectral class DQP9.0, located in constellation Draco.	G 240-72	Draco
constellation	WISE J2209+2711 is a brown dwarf of spectral type Y0:, located in constellation Pegasus at 22 light-years from Earth.	WISE J2209+2711	Pegasus
constellation	Chi Virginis (χ Vir, χ Virginis) is a double star in the constellation Virgo.	Chi Virginis	Virgo
constellation	OGLE-TR-10 is a distant, magnitude 16 star in the constellation of Sagittarius.	OGLE-TR-10	Sagittarius
constellation	HD 48265 is the Henry Draper Catalogue designation for a star in the southern constellation Puppis.	HD 48265	Puppis
constellation	IC 4651 is an open cluster of stars located about 2,900 light years distant in the constellation Ara.	IC 4651	Ara
constellation	Epsilon Eridani b or AEgir is a confirmed extrasolar planet approximately 10 light-years away orbiting the star Epsilon Eridani, in the constellation of Eridanus (the River).	Epsilon Eridani b	Eridanus
constellation	3 Ceti (3 Cet) is an orange giant star in the constellation Cetus.	3 Ceti	Cetus
constellation	NGC 4262 is a galaxy located in the constellation of Coma Berenices.	NGC 4262	Coma Berenices
constellation	HD 20868 is a low-mass K type star in the southern constellation Fornax.	HD 20868	Fornax
constellation	Struve 1694 (Σ 1694, Struve 1694) is a star in the constellation Camelopardalis.	Struve 1694	Camelopardalis
constellation	The Antennae Galaxies, also known as NGC 4038/NGC 4039, are a pair of interacting galaxies in the constellation Corvus.	Antennae Galaxies	Corvus
constellation	66 Aquarii (abbreviated 61 Aqr) is a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius.	66 Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	Epsilon Ursae Minoris (ε UMi, ε Ursae Minoris) is a triple star system in the constellation Ursa Minor.	Epsilon Ursae Minoris	Ursa Minor
constellation	Gamma Lupi (γ Lupi, γ Lup) is a 3rd-magnitude, B-type blue giant star in the constellation of Lupus.	Gamma Lupi	Lupus
constellation	HD 77370, also called b² Carinae (b² Car), is a star in the constellation Carina.	HD 77370	Carina
constellation	Kappa Leporis (κ Lep) is a class B7V (blue main-sequence) star in the constellation Lepus.	Kappa Leporis	Lepus
constellation	HD 114762 is a binary star system approximately 132 light-years (40.6 pc) away in the constellation Coma Berenices.	HD 114762	Coma Berenices
constellation	F Centauri (F Cen) is a star in the constellation Centaurus.	F Centauri	Centaurus
constellation	Gliese 268 (QY Aurigae) is a RS Canum Venaticorum variable star in the Auriga constellation.	Gliese 268	Auriga
constellation	Prawn Nebula, IC 4628, is an emission nebula located around 6000 light-years from Earth in the constellation of Scorpius.	Prawn Nebula	Scorpius
constellation	3C 9 is a lobe-dominated quasar located in the constellation Pisces.	3C 9	Pisces
constellation	Epsilon Lupi (ε Lup) is a multiple star system in the southern constellation of Lupus.	Epsilon Lupi	Lupus
constellation	Zeta Cephei (ζ Cep, ζ Cephei) is a star in the constellation of Cepheus.	Zeta Cephei	Cepheus
constellation	BP Boötis is a Alpha² Canum Venaticorum variable star in the constellation Boötes.	BP Boötis	Boötes	Boötes
constellation	Messier 30 (also known as M30 or NGC 7099) is a globular cluster of stars in the southern constellation of Capricornus.	Messier 30	Capricornus
constellation	Gliese 806 is a red dwarf star in the constellation of Cygnus, located roughly 41 light years from the Sun. The star is suspected to host a substellar companion yet unconfirmed.	Gliese 806	Cygnus
constellation	HD 180902 is a K-type star HD 180902 approximately 359 light years away in the constellation Sagittarius.	HD 180902	Sagittarius
constellation	Alpha Circini (α Cir, α Circini) is a variable star in the faint, southern, circumpolar constellation of Circinus.	Alpha Circini	Circinus
constellation	HD 154672 b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 210 light-years away in the constellation of Ara, orbiting the metal-rich and aged star HD 154672.	HD 154672 b	Ara
constellation	IC 2602, also known as the Theta Carinae Cluster or Southern Pleiades, is an open cluster in the constellation Carina.	IC 2602	Carina
constellation	Westerhout 31, also known as W31, is a complex of star formation regions of the Milky Way located in the constellation of Sagittarius.	Westerhout 31	Sagittarius
constellation	15 Ursae Majoris (15 UMa) is a star in the constellation Ursa Major.	15 Ursae Majoris	Ursa Major
constellation	Delta Piscium (Delta Psc, δ Piscium, δ Psc) is a binary star in the constellation Pisces, with an apparent magnitude of +4.43.	Delta Piscium	Pisces
constellation	NGC 122 is a non-existent object historically located in the constellation Cetus.	NGC 122	Cetus
constellation	The Bayer designation Psi Piscium (ψ Psc, ψ Piscium) is shared by three star systems in the constellation Pisces:	Psi Piscium	Pisces
constellation	HD 102117 is a magnitude 7 yellow dwarf star (spectral type G6V) about 130 light years from Earth in the constellation of Centaurus.	HD 102117	Centaurus
constellation	HD 68988 b is a hot jupiter located approximately 192 light-years away in the constellation of Ursa Major, orbiting the star HD 68988 in a moderately eccentric orbit.	HD 68988 b	Ursa Major
constellation	Gamma Pyxidis (Gamma Pyx, γ Pyxidis, γ Pyx) is a 4th magnitude star in the constellation Pyxis.	Gamma Pyxidis	Pyxis
constellation	IC 447 is a reflection nebula in the constellation Monoceros.	IC 447	Monoceros
constellation	Westerhout 43, also known as W43, is a region of star formation of our galaxy located in the constellation of Aquila at a distance of 6 kilo-parsecs (nearly 20,000 light-years) of the Sun, that is considered the region of the Milky Way that is most actively forming stars.	Westerhout 43	Aquila
constellation	HD 34445 b is an extrasolar planet which orbits the G-type star HD 34445, located approximately 152 light years away in the constellation Orion.	HD 34445 b	Orion
constellation	HR 8832 (or HD 219134, or Gliese 892) is a main sequence star in the constellation of Cassiopeia.	HR 8832	Cassiopeia
constellation	HAT-P-13, also known as GSC 03416-00543, is a G-type main sequence star approximately 700 light-years away in the constellation Ursa Major.	HAT-P-13	Ursa Major
constellation	HD 38283 b is an extrasolar planet, orbiting the 7th magnitude F-type main-sequence star HD 38283, 123 light years away in the constellation Mensa.	HD 38283 b	Mensa
constellation	11 Comae Berenices (11 Com) is an orange giant K0 III star in the constellation of Coma Berenices, located in the sky, east and slightly north of Denebola in Leo, but not nearly as far east as Vindemiatrix in Virgo.	11 Comae Berenices	Coma Berenices
constellation	2 Cygni (2 Cyg) is a star in the constellation Cygnus.	2 Cygni	Cygnus
constellation	The Whirlpool Galaxy, also known as Messier 51a, M51a, or NGC 5194, is an interacting grand-design spiral galaxy with a Seyfert 2 active galactic nucleus in the constellation Canes Venatici.	Whirlpool Galaxy	Canes Venatici
constellation	Kappa Cancri (κ Cnc, κ Cancri) is a star in the constellation Cancer.	Kappa Cancri	Cancer
constellation	Epsilon Tauri b (abbreviated ε Tauri b or ε Tau b), also named Amateru, is an extrasolar planet approximately 147 light-years away in the constellation of Taurus.	Epsilon Tauri b	Taurus
constellation	HD 68988 is an 8th magnitude G-type star located approximately 192 light-years away in Ursa Major constellation.	HD 68988	Ursa Major
constellation	NGC 59 is a lenticular galaxy in the constellation Cetus.	NGC 59	Cetus
constellation	HD 23079 is a star approximately 114 light years away in the constellation Reticulum.	HD 23079	Reticulum
constellation	NGC 4625 is a distorted dwarf galaxy in the constellation Canes Venatici.	NGC 4625	Canes Venatici
constellation	Zeta Tauri (ζ Tau, ζ Tauri, Shurnarkabti-sha-shūtū) is a binary star in the zodiac constellation Taurus, the Bull.	Zeta Tauri	Taurus
constellation	SGR 1627-41, is a soft gamma repeater (SGR), located in the constellation of Ara.	SGR 1627-41	Ara
constellation	The meteors have, however, an atmosphere entry speed of about 70 km/s. The Radiant of the Pegasids is in the constellation of Pegasus, around 5 degrees to the west of the star α Pegasi.	Pegasids	Pegasus
constellation	Phi Sagittarii (Phi Sgr, φ Sagittarii, φ Sgr) is a star in the southern constellation of Sagittarius.	Phi Sagittarii	Sagittarius
constellation	1 Serpentis (1 Ser) is a star in the constellation Virgo.	1 Serpentis	Virgo
constellation	Theta Trianguli Australis (θ TrA, θ Trianguli Australis) is a star in the constellation Triangulum Australe.	Theta Trianguli Australis	Triangulum Australe
constellation	Mu Lupi (μ Lup) is a star in the constellation Lupus.	Mu Lupi	Lupus
constellation	NGC 98 is a barred spiral galaxy in the Phoenix constellation.	NGC 98	Phoenix
constellation	The pulsar PSR B0950+08 seems to have come from a supernova that occurred in Leo 1.8 million years ago.	PSR B0950+08	Leo
constellation	HD 201507 is a F-type subgiant in Equuleus.	HD 201507	Equuleus
constellation	NGC 6072 is a type I nebulae in the constellation Scorpius.	NGC 6072	Scorpius
constellation	58 Eridani is a main-sequence star in the constellation Eridanus.	58 Eridani	Eridanus
constellation	NGC 3310 is a grand design spiral galaxy in the constellation Ursa Major.	NGC 3310	Ursa Major
constellation	40 Boötis (40 Boo, 40 Bootis) is a star in the constellation Boötes.	40 Boötis	Boötes
constellation	HD 191104 is a triple star system in the equatorial constellation of Aquila.	HD 191104	Aquila
constellation	89 Aquarii (abbreviated 89 Aqr) is a binary star system in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius.	89 Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	U Equulei (U Equ / IRAS 20547 +0247) is a variable star in the constellation of Equuleus of an apparent magnitude of +14.50 in the B band.	U Equulei	Equuleus
constellation	23 Arietis (abbreviated 23 Ari) is a star in the constellation of Aries.	23 Arietis	Aries
constellation	Nu Pegasi (Nu Peg) is a star in the constellation Pegasus.	Nu Pegasi	Pegasus
constellation	NGC 2818 is a planetary nebula located in the southern constellation Pyxis (The Compass).	NGC 2818	Pyxis
constellation	NGC 7777 is a lenticular galaxy (S0 galaxy) in the constellation of Pegasus.	NGC 7777	Pegasus
constellation	4U 0142+61 is a magnetar at an approximate distance of 13000 light-years from Earth, located in the constellation Cassiopeia.	4U 0142+61	Cassiopeia
constellation	NGC 1 is a spiral galaxy SbbPa Ring located 190 million light-years away in the constellation Pegasus.	NGC 1	Pegasus
constellation	HD 20782 b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 117 light-years away in the constellation of Fornax, orbiting the star HD 20782.	HD 20782 b	Fornax
constellation	R Boötis is a Mira variable in the constellation Boötes.	R Boötis	Boötes
constellation	Gamma Coronae Borealis (γ CrB) is a star in the constellation Corona Borealis.	Gamma Coronae Borealis	Corona Borealis
constellation	OTS 44 is a free-floating planetary-mass object or brown dwarf located approximately 550 light-years (170 pc) away in the constellation Chamaeleon.	OTS 44	Chamaeleon
constellation	ADS 16402 is a binary star system, composed of two sun-like stars located 450 light-years away in the constellation Lacerta.	ADS 16402	Lacerta
constellation	Messier 73 (M73, also known as NGC 6994) is an asterism of four stars in the constellation of Aquarius.	Messier 73	Aquarius
constellation	HIP 5158 b is an extrasolar planet which orbits the K-type main sequence star HIP 5158, located approximately 130 light years away in the constellation Cetus.	HIP 5158 b	Cetus
constellation	30 Monocerotis (30 Mon) is a star in the constellation Hydra.	30 Monocerotis	Hydra
constellation	Phi Persei (Phi Per, φ Persei, φ Per) is a Class B2Vpe, fourth-magnitude star in the constellation Perseus.	Phi Persei	Perseus
constellation	The Wild Duck Cluster (also known as Messier 11, or NGC 6705) is an open cluster in the constellation Scutum.	Wild Duck Cluster	Scutum
constellation	SN 1999eu was a type IIP supernova that happened in NGC 1097 in the constellation Fornax.	SN 1999eu	Fornax
constellation	Chi Cancri (χ Cnc, χ Cancri) is a star in the constellation Cancer.	Chi Cancri	Cancer
constellation	HD 32188 is suspected variable star in the northern constellation of Auriga.	HD 32188	Auriga
constellation	HD 110073 (Bayer designation l Cen / l Centauri) is a star in the constellation Centaurus.	HD 110073	Centaurus
continent	Kyustendil Ridge (Bulgarian: Кюстендилски хребет, ``Kyustendilski Hrebet'' \kyu-sten-'dil-ski 'hre-bet\) is a partly ice-free ridge rising to 1,700 m (5,600 ft) on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Kyustendil Ridge	Antarctica
country	Batu Tiga is a suburb in Subang Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia.	Batu Tiga	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Ahmed Tawfik (Arabic: أحمد توفيق‎) (born on 1 October 1991 in Kafr Saqr, Sharqia, Egypt) is an Egyptian footballer.	Ahmed Tawfik	Egypt
country of origin	Ice Pilots NWT (known in the UK and the US as Ice Pilots) was a reality television series broadcast on History Canada that portrayed Buffalo Airways, an airline based in Yellowknife, Northwest Territories, Canada.	Ice Pilots NWT	Canada
country of origin	Aswin J Kumar of The Times of India rated the film 3.5 out of 5 and said, ``Neram has a romantic charm, an exciting trait which infuses it with a good measure of likability.''	Neram	India
country of origin	Viva Erotica (Chinese: 色情男女) is a 1996 Hong Kong film directed by Derek Yee and Lo Chi-Leung.	Viva Erotica	Hong Kong
country of origin	Also known as Cơm tấm Sài Gòn (Saigon-style broken rice), particularly served in southern Vietnam, in Saigon.	Cơm tấm	Vietnam
country of origin	Kas is available in Spain, Mexico and France, and was available in Brazil and Argentina during the 1990s.	Kas	Spain
country of origin	Shortland Street is a New Zealand prime-time soap opera centring on the fictitious Shortland Street Hospital, first broadcast on Television New Zealand's TV2 on 25 May 1992.	Shortland Street	New Zealand
country of origin	The RPG-26 Aglen is a disposable anti-tank rocket launcher developed by the Soviet Union.	RPG-26	Soviet Union
country of origin	Shell Quiz, known in its latest iteration as Shell Quiz on the Road, is a televised upper-secondary school quiz competition in Thailand which was broadcast from 1965 to 2009.	Shell Quiz	Thailand
country of origin	Nordman toured in Sweden, more or less nonstop for a year.	Nordman	Sweden
country of origin	Journey to Le Mans was released in a limited number of cinemas across the United Kingdom for one night only, which included a Q&A with cast and crew.	Journey to Le Mans	United Kingdom
country of origin	HammerFall is a Swedish heavy metal band from Gothenburg, Sweden.	HammerFall	Sweden
country of origin	SEA Signalisation is a French company which products traffic lights and sells them all over France.	SEA Signalisation	France
country of origin	Chartrand et Simonne is a French-Canadian television mini-series which aired in 2000, exclusively on Radio-Canada.	Chartrand et Simonne	Canada
country of origin	Karkú is a Chilean teen television series, co-produced by My Friend Entertainment and Televisión Nacional de Chile (TVN).	Karkú	Chile
country of origin	Pane di Altamura is a type of bread made from durum flour from the Altamura area of the Provincia di Bari, in the South East of Italy.	Pane di Altamura	Italy
country of origin	Frazzles are a bacon-flavour corn-based snack sold in the United Kingdom, once manufactured by Smiths, now by Walkers.	Frazzles	United Kingdom
country of origin	Blueprint for Disaster is a Canadian documentary television series that premiered in 2004 on Discovery Channel Canada.	Blueprint for Disaster	Canada
country of origin	The Almighty Johnsons is a New Zealand fantasy comedy/drama television series, which was created by James Griffin and Rachel Lang and is produced by South Pacific Pictures and aired from 7 February 2011 to 23 September 2013.	The Almighty Johnsons	New Zealand
country of origin	The first poster of Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi was released in October in theatres and multiplexes across India, with full-page advertisements in national dailies.	Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi	India
country of origin	The Panabas is a large, forward-curved sword or battle axe used by certain ethnic groups in the southern Philippines.	Panabas	Philippines
country of origin	Teacher's Highland Cream is a brand of blended scotch whisky produced in Glasgow, Scotland, by Beam Suntory, the US-headquartered subsidiary of Suntory Holdings of Osaka, Japan.	Teacher's Highland Cream	Scotland
country of origin	Kaak also known as Pathhar ki roti (English: Stone bread) is a native dish of the province of Balochistan, Pakistan.	Kaak	Pakistan
country of origin	Connie the Cow (known as La Vaca Connie in its country of origin, Spain) is a Spanish children's television series created by Josep Viciana.	Connie the Cow	Spain
country of origin	Le Jeu de la Mort (The Game of Death) is a French/Swiss television documentary that was broadcast by the French public television channel France 2.	Le Jeu de la Mort	France
country of origin	Orange Roughies is a New Zealand television drama created by Auckland-based film company Screenworks, the first season of which was screened on TV ONE from May to July 2006.	Orange Roughies	New Zealand
country of origin	NPO 1 (formerly Nederland 1 Dutch pronunciation: (ˌneːdərlɑnt ˈeːn) until 2014) is the first national television station in the Netherlands, it launched on 2 October 1951.	NPO 1	Netherlands
country of origin	1 Girl 5 Gays, sometimes abbreviated as 1g5g, was a Canadian talk show that premiered on October 14, 2009 on MTV Canada.	1 Girl 5 Gays	Canada
country of origin	Flowering Nettle and its continuation The way out are partly autobiographical and show the hard und unsafe existence of an orphan child in the poor Sweden of the beginning of the 20th century.	Flowering Nettle	Sweden
country of origin	Shark in the Park was a New Zealand television drama series.	Shark in the Park	New Zealand
country of origin	Richmond Hill had also been successfully sold to ITV in the UK, and was rating in the high-20's in Australia, so it was a huge gamble by Ten to axe it and replace it with the untried E Street.	E Street	Australia
country of origin	Rasin is a musical style that began in Haiti in the 1970s when musicians began combining elements of traditional Haitian Vodou ceremonial and folkloric music with rock and roll.	Rasin	Haiti
country of origin	A Generation is set in Wola, a working-class section of Warsaw, in 1942 and tells the stories of two young men at odds with the Germans occupation of Poland.	A Generation	Poland
country of origin	Filmed in a Mennonite colony close to Cuauhtémoc, Chihuahua State, Northern Mexico, Silent Light tells the story of a Mennonite married man who falls in love with another woman, threatening his place in the conservative community.	Silent Light	Mexico
country of origin	Goonga Pehelwan (from Hindi गूंगा पहलवान, meaning Mute wrestler) is a documentary film on the life and struggles of Virender Singh, one of India's most accomplished deaf athletes.	Goonga Pehelwan	India
country of origin	Sandwiches de miga are popular food items in Argentina where they are consumed mainly at parties.	Sandwiches de miga	Argentina
country of origin	The Sharon Cuneta Show (also known as ``TSCS'') was a Sunday night musical variety show that starred the Philippines' megastar Sharon Cuneta.	The Sharon Cuneta Show	Philippines
country of origin	The Projected Man was released in the United Kingdom by Compton-Cameo Films Ltd in the summer of 1966 under an X-certificate, which indicated it was suitable only for those aged 16 and older.	The Projected Man	United Kingdom
country of origin	Harput meatballs (Turkish: Harput köftesi) this meatball originated from the Eastern Anatolian city of Harput (today Elazığ, in Turkey).	Harput meatballs	Turkey
country of origin	Adventure Inc. is a dramatised adventure television series produced primarily in Canada which aired from 30 September 2002 to 12 May 2003.	Adventure Inc.	Canada
country of origin	Akkad Bakkad Bambey Bo is a television series that originally aired on STAR Plus channel, and later was syndicated on Disney Channel India.	Akkad Bakkad Bambey Bo	India
country of origin	Gods of Honour is a Hong Kong television series adapted from the novel Fengshen Bang (also known as Investiture of the Gods or Creation of the Gods), a Chinese vernacular classic written by Xu Zhonglin and Lu Xixing.	Gods of Honour	Hong Kong
country of origin	Cozido (European Portuguese: (kuˈziðu) or Brazilian Portuguese: (kuˈzidu)) is a traditional stew of different meats and vegetables, with numerous regional variations throughout Portugal.	Cozido	Portugal
country of origin	Snow Queen Vodka is a vodka from Kazakhstan produced from organic wheat and artesian spring water from the foothills of the Himalayas.	Snow Queen Vodka	Kazakhstan
country of origin	Nethaji (Sarath Kumar), an honest journalist, runs a newspaper called 'India'.	Nethaji	India
country of origin	The Daniel Cremieux Company was founded in 1976 in France by their eponymous namesake and is currently headed by his son Stéphane Cremieux.	Daniel Cremieux	France
country of origin	One Man and His Dog is a BBC television series in the United Kingdom featuring sheepdog trials, originally presented by Phil Drabble, with commentary by Eric Halsall and, later, by Ray Ollerenshaw.	One Man and His Dog	United Kingdom
country of origin	The Up-Late Game Show was a late night interactive television quiz program shown in Australia on Network Ten, written and hosted by Big Brother Australia 2005 contestant Simon Deering, commonly known by the nickname Hotdogs.	The Up-Late Game Show	Australia
country of origin	Oi Vasiliades (Greek: Οι Βασιλιάδες, ``the Kings'') is a Greek-language daily family-comedy telenovela produced by Greece's Mega Channel and premiere January 8, 2012.	Oi Vasiliades	Greece
country of origin	Cash in the Attic, also Cash in the Celebrity Attic, was a United Kingdom television show on the BBC.	Cash in the Attic	United Kingdom
country of origin	Paheli (Devanagari: पहेली, Riddle) is a Bollywood fantasy film, which released in India on 24 June 2005.	Paheli	India
country of origin	Ace Lightning is a British and Canadian children's television series co-produced by the BBC and Alliance Atlantis, which originally broadcast in the United Kingdom but was also aired in other countries including the United States, Australia, New Zealand and South Africa.	Ace Lightning	United Kingdom
country of origin	The Finished People grossed $75,431 at the box office in Australia.	The Finished People	Australia
country of origin	The Filth Files is a New Zealand based documentary series that follows the work of a team of Public Health Officers.	The Filth Files	New Zealand
country of origin	Kẹo dừa is a Vietnamese cuisine coconut candy most commonly produced in Bến Tre province, Vietnam with coconut milk and coconut cream.	Kẹo dừa	Vietnam
country of origin	Comfort and Indifference (French: Le confort et l'indifférence) is a 1981 documentary film by Denys Arcand, offering an analysis of the 1980 Quebec referendum, in which ``sovereignty-association'' was defeated as a first step to eventual secession from Canada.	Comfort and Indifference	Canada
country of origin	Xynisteri (also spelled xynistery, xinisteri, xynisterin; Greek: ξυνιστέρι ή ξυνιστέριν) is an indigenous white grape grown on Cyprus.	Xynisteri	Cyprus
country of origin	Imarti or Jhangri is a dessert popular in India and other countries of the Indian Subcontinent.	Imarti	India
country of origin	Gary the Goat was bought by Jimbo for a carton of beer in Gingin, Western Australia in December 2011 and since then the pair have been touring Australia, with some small breaks.	Gary the Goat	Australia
country of origin	The Last Proletarians of Football was praised in Sweden as well as abroad, and received favorable reviews in all the major Swedish newspapers.	The Last Proletarians of Football	Sweden
country of origin	Campa Cola is a soft drink brand in India.	Campa Cola	India
country of origin	Nachos are a Tex-Mex dish from northern Mexico.	Nachos	Mexico
country of origin	The Voice of Poland is part of the international syndication The Voice based on the reality singing competition launched in the Netherlands as The Voice of Holland, created by Dutch television producer John de Mol.	The Voice of Poland	Netherlands
country of origin	Siti Akbari is a 1940 film from the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia) directed by Joshua and Othniel Wong and produced by Tan Khoen Yauw.	Siti Akbari	Dutch East Indies
country of origin	Pain aux raisins (French pronunciation: ​(pɛ̃ o ʁɛ.zɛ̃)), is a breakfast food often eaten in France that is directly translated to raisin bread.	Pain aux raisins	France
country of origin	Rentjong Atjeh (Perfected Spelling: Rencong Aceh; meaning Rencong of Aceh) is a 1940 action film from the Dutch East Indies directed by The Teng Chun.	Rentjong Atjeh	Dutch East Indies
country of origin	A critic from the Times of India noted ``Ragalaipuram is a textbook example of how to make a lowest common denominator entertainer.''	Ragalaipuram	India
country of origin	Prawn crackers are a common snack food throughout Southeast Asia, but most closely associated with Indonesia and Malaysia.	Prawn cracker	Indonesia
country of origin	The Twins Effect, also known as Vampire Effect in the United States, is a 2003 Hong Kong film directed by Dante Lam and Donnie Yen.	The Twins Effect	Hong Kong
country of origin	Życie was an illustrated weekly established in 1897 and published in Kraków and Lwów in the Austrian partition of Poland.	Życie	Poland
country of origin	The past is always present in the life of Lyiza who has to live with the traumatic memory of her parents'' murder, during the genocide in Rwanda.	Lyiza	Rwanda
country of origin	Italia domanda (literally Italy question) is an Italian late night television talk show hosted by the Italian journalist Cesara Buonamici and is broadcast on Canale 5 since 2013.	Italia domanda	Italy
country of origin	During the time he was compiling the Kalevala he was the district health officer based in Kajaani responsible for the whole Kainuu region in the eastern part of what was then the Grand Duchy of Finland.	Kalevala	Grand Duchy of Finland
country of origin	Nadie me dirá como quererte, is a Venezuela telenovela produced by Leonor Sardi for Radio Caracas Televisión in 2008.	Nadie me dirá como quererte	Venezuela
country of origin	In February 2010, Fiama Di Wills collaborated with Disney India to create a limited-edition pack called ``Fiama Di Wills Shine in Style like Hannah Montana'', containing a sampling of Fiama Di Wills products with a set of Hannah Montana branded hair and fashion accessories.	Fiama Di Wills	India
country of origin	Slow Cow is a relaxation beverage produced in Quebec, Canada by the company Slow Cow Drink Inc. Dubbed an ``anti-energy'' drink, it was created to ``help people slow down'' and parodied Red Bull by using packaging similar to that of the popular energy drink.	Slow Cow	Canada
country of origin	Polen-rundschau is the first and only German language newspaper published countrywide in Poland since the Second World War.	Polen-rundschau	Poland
country of origin	On the Mat was a professional wrestling television program for the National Wrestling Alliance-affiliated All Star Pro-Wrestling (ASPW), or simply NWA New Zealand, that aired on Television New Zealand's TV2 from 1975 to 1984.	On the Mat	New Zealand
country of origin	Wings of Evolution is a 2007 documentary film about the revolutionary educational system of the Siragu Montessori School, a school for homeless and underprivileged children, located in the outskirts of Chennai in Tamil Nadu, India.	Wings of Evolution	India
country of origin	Omni News (styled as OMNI News) was the name of national and local newscasts in various languages on the Omni Television system in Canada.	Omni News	Canada
country of origin	100 Great Welsh Women is a collection of short biographies of prominent women from Wales, or of Welsh origin, published in 2001 by Terry Breverton.	100 Great Welsh Women	Wales
country of origin	Half Human, originally released in Japan as Jūjin Yuki Otoko (獣人雪男, lit. ``Monster Snowman''), is a tokusatsu film produced and released by Toho Film Productions Ltd. in 1955.	Half Human	Japan
country of origin	Mists premiered at the 60th Venice Film Festival (New Territories -- 2003), was released in Portugal on 16 November 2006 and opened in New York at the Quad Cinema on March 23, 2011, event followed by other screenings outside the city.	Mists	Portugal
country of origin	Ikan goreng is very popular in Indonesia.	Ikan goreng	Indonesia
country of origin	Kirk Pengilly (born 4 July 1958, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia) is an Australian musician, best known as a member of the Australian rock group INXS.	Kirk Pengilly	Australia
country of origin	Igualita a mí is a film Argentina comedy from 2010 directed by Diego Kaplan.This starring Florencia Bertotti and Adrián Suar.	Igualita a mí	Argentina
country of origin	One of the world's most famous artists from Serbia, Emina Jahović Sandal was announced as the first official judge and coach of The Voice Srbija.	The Voice Srbija	Serbia
country of origin	Orecchiette (Italian pronunciation: (orekˈkjɛtte); singular orecchietta; from Italian orecchia, meaning ``ear'', and -etta, meaning ``small'') is a variety of home-made pasta typical of Apulia, a region of southern Italy.	Orecchiette	Italy
country of origin	No Atlas (originally called Metropolis) released their debut EP Where People Have Been in 2013 and their popularity rose in the United Kingdom with the release of their single, ``I Don't Wanna'' (2013).	No Atlas	United Kingdom
country of origin	Shree 420 was the highest grossing film of 1955, and the song ``Mera Joota Hai Japani'' (``My Shoes are Japanese''), sung by Mukesh, became popular and a patriotic symbol of the newly independent India.	Shree 420	India
country of origin	Aashayein was shot on locations in Puducherry and Hyderabad, India.	Aashayein	India
country of origin	Hard Spell is a United Kingdom televised spelling bee programme for children between the ages of eleven and fourteen, presented by Eamonn Holmes, with Nina Hossain reading the words.	Hard Spell	United Kingdom
country of origin	Cave of Forgotten Dreams is a 2010 3D documentary film by Werner Herzog about the Chauvet Cave in southern France, which contains the oldest human-painted images yet discovered.	Cave of Forgotten Dreams	France
country of origin	Kavya Christopher of the The Times of India gave the album a rating of one out of five and said, ``The number of songs for Ragini IPS has been restricted to two, and it is undoubtedly one of the wisest decisions taken by whosoever has done that.''	Ragini IPS	India
country of origin	Sztandar Socjalizmu ('Standard of Socialism') was a Polish newspaper, founded in December 1918 as the main press organ of the Communist Workers Party of Poland.	Sztandar Socjalizmu	Poland
country of origin	Gâteau Basque is a traditional dessert from the Basque region of France.	Gâteau Basque	France
country of origin	The Fearless Hyena is a 1979 Hong Kong kung fu film directed by and starring Jackie Chan.	The Fearless Hyena	Hong Kong
country of origin	Mie celor (meaning: celor noodle), is a noodle dish served in coconut milk soup and shrimp-based broth, specialty of Palembang city, South Sumatra, Indonesia.	Mie celor	Indonesia
country of origin	The Thomson MO6 was an 6809E-based computer introduced in France in 1986.	Thomson MO6	France
country of origin	Kerrygold Irish Cream Liqueur is an Irish cream, Irish whiskey, and chocolate based liqueur produced in Ireland by Kerrygold Irish Cream Liqueur Limited.	Kerrygold Irish Cream Liqueur	Ireland
country of origin	Au nom de la loi (``In The Name of the Law'') is a limited-run Quebecois téléroman series on Radio-Canada, seen from September 15, 2005 to November 17, 2005.	Au nom de la loi	Canada
country of origin	In Germany, Sumurun was highly praised by contemporary critics and was described as ``a cinematic journey into a universe of emotions and passions of great intensity and utter perfection, with a remarkable Ernst Lubitsch in one of the main roles.''	Sumurun	Germany
country of origin	No Mercy for the Rude was released in South Korea on 24 August 2006, and on its opening weekend was ranked second at the box office with 269,308 admissions.	No Mercy for the Rude	South Korea
country of origin	Aniruddha Guha of DNA India gave the movie 3/5, saying that ``Shirin Farhad Ki Toh Nikal Padi demands little of you and delivers enough for you to not grudge spending time and money on it.''	Shirin Farhad Ki Toh Nikal Padi	India
country of origin	Future Cops (Chinese: 超級學校霸王; literal title: Super-School Tyrant) is a 1993 Hong Kong action-comedy film loosely based on the Street Fighter video game franchise, starring an ensemble cast of Andy Lau, Jacky Cheung, Aaron Kwok, Chingmy Yau, Dicky Cheung and Simon Yam.	Future Cops	Hong Kong
country of origin	Súper Sábado Sensacional (originally named Sábado Espectacular in 1968, renamed Sábado Sensacional in 1971) is a Spanish-language variety show created in Venezuela, and established on Radio Caracas Television in 1968.	Súper Sábado Sensacional	Venezuela
country of origin	Supersense is a six-part nature documentary television series produced by the BBC Natural History Unit, originally broadcast in the United Kingdom on BBC1 in 1988.	Supersense	United Kingdom
country of origin	Vampyros Lesbos was released in July 15, 1971 in Germany and in Spain in 1973 where it was a popular with audiences in Europe.	Vampyros Lesbos	Germany
country of origin	The Seventh Brother (Hungarian: A hetedik testvér; German: Bobo und die Hasenbande) is a 1991 animated film for children made and produced at Hungary's Pannonia Film Studio.	The Seventh Brother	Hungary
country of origin	The name ``Jacek i Agatka'' has been used for the names of many kindergartens of Poland.	Jacek i Agatka	Poland
country of origin	Pancit Malabon is a Filipino dish that is a type of pancit, or stir-fried noodle dish, which originated in Malabon City, Metro Manila, Philippines.	Pancit Malabon	Philippines
country of origin	Shaolin Wooden Men (Chinese: 少林木人巷) (Shao Lin mu ren xiang) is a 1976 Hong Kong action film, directed by Chen Chi-Hwa.	Shaolin Wooden Men	Hong Kong
country of origin	Sirasa Superstar is a musical reality show conducted in Sri Lanka by the TV channel Sirasa TV.	Sirasa Superstar	Sri Lanka
country of origin	Idea Zee Cinestars was a popular talent-hunt reality show that began its second season after the success of its first season show India's Best Cinestars Ki Khoj on Zee TV channel in 2006.	Idea Zee Cinestars	India
country of origin	140 Days Under the World is a 1964 New Zealand short documentary film about Antarctica.	140 Days Under the World	New Zealand
country of origin	Kudiattam is a 1986 documentary film on 2000-year-old Sanskrit drama tradition of Kerala state of India, Kutiyattam.	Kudiattam	India
country of origin	The Contrarians is an Australian television news and commentary program broadcast weekly on Sky News Australia throughout the week.	The Contrarians	Australia
country of origin	Spanisch Brötli (Spanish bun, also known as Spanisch Brödli, Spanischbrötli or Spanischbrödli) is a speciality pastry from Baden, Switzerland.	Spanisch Brötli	Switzerland
country of origin	Miguelitos are a type of cake made in La Roda, in Castile-La Mancha, Spain.	Miguelitos	Spain
country of origin	Jargo is a 2004 coming of age film about a young man who experiences culture shock from moving from Saudi Arabia to Germany.	Jargo	Germany
country of origin	Mind Over Maddie is an Australian family television series that airs on Disney Channel Australia.	Mind Over Maddie	Australia
country of origin	Les Hauts et les bas de Sophie Paquin (The Highs and Lows of Sophie Paquin) is a Canadian television comedy-drama series, which premiered on Radio-Canada in 2006.	Les Hauts et les bas de Sophie Paquin	Canada
country of origin	In 2006 Aux Raus released the album This Is How This Works in Mexico on the Nuevos Ricos label, and the following year in the Netherlands on the Amsterdam record label Fear Recordings.	Aux Raus	Netherlands
country of origin	SportsNight with James Bracey is an Australian television sports news and commentary program broadcast 4 nights weekly on Sky News Australia, hosted by James Bracey.	SportsNight with James Bracey	Australia
country of origin	Mornings @ ANC is the flagship morning news and talk program of ABS-CBN News Channel in the Philippines.	Mornings @ ANC	Philippines
country of origin	The Day Shall Dawn was very much a co-production between the two halves of what was then a geographically divided Pakistani state (now independent Pakistan and Bangladesh).	The Day Shall Dawn	Pakistan
country of origin	The Spooky Bunch (小姐撞到鬼 aka. 撞到正) is a 1980 Hong Kong movie directed by Ann Hui.	The Spooky Bunch	Hong Kong
country of origin	Lae Sar (Burmese: လှည့်စား; translated Deceive or Tricky) is a 2006 Myanmar comedy drama film directed by Thein Maung (Phoenix), who is mainly involved in directing TV commercials.	Lae Sar	Myanmar
country of origin	Engineering Announcements for the Radio and Television Trade, sometimes abbreviated to Engineering Announcements, was a weekly magazine of news and information intended for technicians and salespeople in the United Kingdom, produced and transmitted by the Independent Television Authority (and later the Independent Broadcasting Authority) from 23 November 1970 until 31 July 1990.	Engineering Announcements	United Kingdom
country of origin	Matthijs Pool (1676--1732) was an engraver from the Northern Netherlands.	Matthijs Pool	Netherlands
country of origin	Pourquoi Israël (Israel, Why) (1973) is Shoah filmmaker Claude Lanzmann's first film.	Pourquoi Israël	Israel
country of origin	Stracciata is a fresh cheese made of spun paste original from Italy.	Stracciata	Italy
country of origin	Open House with Gloria Hunniford was an afternoon television show, produced by Thames Television and broadcast on Channel 5 in the United Kingdom between 1998 and 2003.	Open House with Gloria Hunniford	United Kingdom
country of origin	The Voyages-sncf.com Group was founded as an Internet travel agency website in France in June 2000.	Voyages-sncf.com	France
country of origin	Ronit Lentin discusses House of Dolls in her work Israel and the Daughters of the Shoah.	House of Dolls	Israel
country of origin	Expedición Robinson was a popular television show that aired in Argentina from 2000 to 2001 and was the first edition of Robinson, or Survivor as it is referred to in some countries to air in South America.	Expedición Robinson	Argentina
country of origin	Impact Pro Wrestling (IPW) is a New Zealand professional wrestling promotion.	Impact Pro Wrestling	New Zealand
country of origin	As of August 12, 2007, Saneamento Básico had grossed R$1,066,051 and sold over one hundred and twenty thousand tickets in Brazil.	Saneamento Básico	Brazil
country of origin	Lasagne originated in Italy, traditionally ascribed to the city of Naples (Campania), where the first modern recipe was created in the Middle Ages and published in Liber de Coquina (The Book of Cookery), and became a traditional dish.	Lasagne	Italy
country of origin	The Chinese Feast (Chinese: 金玉滿堂) is a 1995 Hong Kong film co-written, produced and directed by Tsui Hark, and starring Leslie Cheung, Anita Yuen, Kenny Bee, and Law Kar-ying.	The Chinese Feast	Hong Kong
country of origin	Riihimäki glass (Finnish: Riihimäen lasi) was a reputed glass company in Riihimäki, Finland, in operation from 1910, when it was founded by Mikko Adolf Kolehmainen, to 1990.	Riihimäki glass	Finland
country of origin	Trofie (Italian pronunciation: (ˈtrɔːfje); less frequently, troffie, strofie or stroffie) is a short, thin, twisted pasta from Liguria, Northern Italy.	Trofie	Italy
country of origin	Sagkeeng's Finest are an Indigenous Canadian dance troupe, who won the only season of Canada's Got Talent in 2012.	Sagkeeng's Finest	Canada
country of origin	Today, 100% NL runs the music of the Netherlands with artists like Jan Smit, Nick & Simon, 3JS, Ilse Delange, Doe Maar, Bløf, Acda en De Munnik, Paul de Leeuw, Marco Borsato, Anouk and Guus Meeuwis.	100% NL	Netherlands
country of origin	Télé Poche (literally ``Pocket TV'') is a weekly television listings magazine published in France.	Télé Poche	France
country of origin	The outdoor scenes of the film were shot at the Cinevilla backlot in Tukums, Latvia, a backlot built especially for Defenders of Riga.	Defenders of Riga	Latvia
country of origin	19-Nineteen was first released in Korea in CGV theaters on November 12, 2009, and later aired on SBS (South Korea) and TV Asahi (Japan) in 2010.	19-Nineteen	South Korea
country of origin	Survivorman is a Canadian-produced television program, broadcast in Canada on the Outdoor Life Network (OLN), and internationally on Discovery Channel and Science Channel.	Survivorman	Canada
country of origin	Infoman is a half-hour-long televised series satirizing the current events of Quebec on Radio-Canada.	Infoman	Canada
country of origin	All Monsters Attack, released in Japan as Gojira-Minira-Gabara:	All Monsters Attack	Japan
country of origin	The Obice da 105/14 modello 18 was a howitzer used by Italy during World War II. It appears to have been designed at the end of World War I, but that remains to be confirmed.	Obice da 105/14	Italy
country of origin	Indiaglitz wrote: ``Mudhalvan spoke about current affairs in India.	Mudhalvan	India
creator	The Portrait of Cardinal Ludovico Trevisan is a painting by the Italian Renaissance artist Andrea Mantegna, dated to c. 1459-1460.	Portrait of Cardinal Ludovico Trevisan	Andrea Mantegna
date of birth	Christian Haselberger (born 2 June 1989) is an Austrian footballer who plays as a Midfielder for FAC.	Christian Haselberger	2 June 1989
date of death	Teodor Rotrekl (6 June 1923 in Brno -- 1 September 2004 in Prague) was a Czech illustrator and painter.	Teodor Rotrekl	1 September 2004
date of death	Sir John FitzSymond (ca. 1342 -- ca. 1392), of North Shoebury, Essex, was an English politician.	John FitzSymond	1392
date of death	Sir Arthur Ingram (ca. 1565 -- 1642) was an English investor, landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1610 and 1642.	Arthur Ingram	1642
date of death	Branko Benzon (29 August 1903 -- September 1970) was a Croatian physician, diplomat and politician.	Branko Benzon	September 1970
date of death	Wilhelm Grunwald (15 July 1909 -- 7 June 1989) was a German mathematician who introduced the Grunwald--	Wilhelm Grunwald	7 June 1989
date of death	Cecil Collins MBE (23 March 1908 -- 4 June 1989) was an English painter and printmaker originally associated with the Surrealist movement.	Cecil Collins	4 June 1989
date of death	Robert Donald Teare, FRCP, FRCPath (1 July 1911 -- 17 January 1979) was a senior British pathologist.	Donald Teare	17 January 1979
date of death	Apodemius (died 361) was an officer of the Roman Empire, a courtier of Emperor Constantius II, involved in the deaths of Constantius Gallus and Claudius Silvanus.	Apodemius	361
date of death	Harold Speed (11 February 1872 - 20 March 1957) was an English painter in oil and watercolour of portraits, figures and historical subjects.	Harold Speed	20 March 1957
date of death	Shastriji Maharaj (Gujarati: શાસ્ત્રીજી મહારાજ) (31 January 1865 -- 10 May 1951), born Dungar Patel and ordained Shastri Yagnapurushdas, was a sadhu of the Swaminarayan Sampraday and was later accepted as the third spiritual successor of Swaminarayan and founder of the BAPS Swaminarayan Sanstha.	Shastriji Maharaj	10 May 1951
date of death	Bjarne Bent Rønne Pedersen, known as Bjarne Liller (25 September 1935 -- 6 September 1993), was a Danish jazz musician and singer-songwriter.	Bjarne Liller	6 September 1993
date of death	Suroor Barabankvi (1930--1980) (Urdu: سرور بارہ بنکوی ) was an Urdu poet and lyricist from Barabanki, Uttar Pradesh, India.	Suroor Barabankvi	1980
date of death	John Lewis Russell (2 December 1808 -- 7 June 1873) was an American botanist and Unitarian minister.	John Lewis Russell	7 June 1873
date of death	Gerolamo Mengozzi Colonna (1688 -- Venice, 27 October 1774) was an Italian painter, mostly of frescoed quadratura.	Gerolamo Mengozzi Colonna	27 October 1774
date of death	William Frederick Faviell (1822-1902) was a British railway constructor.	William Frederick Faviell	1902
date of death	Muiris Ó Gibealláin, Irish jurist, singer, philosopher, poet and musician, died 1328.	Muiris Ó Gibealláin	1328
date of death	Francis Crossing (1598 - 1638) of Exeter, Devon, was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1626 to 1629.	Francis Crossing	1638
date of death	Bernd Hartstein (b. 26 October 1947 in Petersberg-Ostrau; d. 23 February 2002 in Frankfurt am Main) was a German sport shooter and trainer.	Bernd Hartstein	23 February 2002
date of death	Mae Carden (1894--1977) was an American educator who developed the Carden Method.	Mae Carden	1977
date of death	John Davie (1640--1710) of Orleigh Court in the parish of Buckland Brewer, Devon, England, was a prominent tobacco merchant from Bideford, Devon.	John Davie	1710
date of death	Konrad Bethmann or Conrad Bethmann (1652--1701) was a German administrator and entrepreneur serving secular and ecclesiastical authorities.	Konrad Bethmann	1701
date of death	Heinrich Theodor Rötscher (20 September 1803 -- 9 April 1871) was a German theatre critic and theorist.	Heinrich Theodor Rötscher	9 April 1871
date of death	Aristakes Lastivertsi (Armenian: Արիստակես Լաստիվերցի; 1002 -- 1080) was a medieval Armenian historian and chronicler.	Aristakes Lastivertsi	1080
date of death	George R. Poulton (1828--1867) was a musician and composer.	George R. Poulton	1867
date of death	David Krafft, from 1719 David von Krafft (1655 -- 20 September 1724) was a German-Swedish painter, the nephew and student of David Klöcker Ehrenstrahl and his successor (in 1698) as painter to the Swedish Royal Court.	David von Krafft	1724
date of death	Geoffrey Molyneux Palmer (in Gaelic: Seathrún de Pámar) (8 October 1882 -- 29 November 1957) was an Irish composer, mainly of operas and vocal music, among them the first musical settings of poems by James Joyce.	Geoffrey Molyneux Palmer	29 November 1957
date of death	Dr. Boyi Bhimanna (Telugu: బోయి భీమన్న; 19 September 1911 -- 16 December 2005), transliterated alternatively as Bheemanna or Bheemana, was a famous Telugu poet.	Boyi Bhimanna	16 December 2005
date of death	Jin Tianhe(Chinese: 金天翮, Pinyin: Jīn Tiānhé, Wade Giles: Chin T'ien-ho; 1873-1947) was a Chinese poet and scholar.	Jin Tianhe	1947
date of death	Johannes Nider (ca. 1380 -- 13 August 1438) was a German theologian.	Johannes Nider	13 August 1438
date of death	Carl Oskar Ursinus (11 March 1877 --6 July 1952) was a pioneer of German aviation and is remembered mainly for his contributions to sailplane designs and the sport of gliding.	Oskar Ursinus	6 July 1952
date of death	Loretta de Braose, Countess of Leicester (c. 1185 - c. 1266) was one of at least five daughters and four sons who survived to adulthood of William de Braose, lord of Bramber in Sussex and Radnor, Abergavenny and Brecon in Wales (d. 1211) and his wife, Maud de St. Valery.	Loretta de Braose, Countess of Leicester	1266
date of death	Benny Joy (born Benjamin Eidson November 5, 1935 - died October 24, 1988) was an American rockabilly guitarist and singer who released three singles in his recording career, and was popular regionally in Florida.	Benny Joy	1988
date of death	Paul Amann or Ammann (5 August 1920 -- 9 August 1981) was a German Oberfeldwebel in the Luftwaffe during World War II. Ammann was born on the 8 May 1920 in Langenau.	Paul Amann	9 August 1981
date of death	Torsten Bengtson (10 January 1914 in Halmstad, -- 4 May 1998) was a Swedish politician and member of the Centre Party.	Torsten Bengtson	4 May 1998
date of death	Sándor Végh (17 May 1912 -- 7 January 1997) was a Hungarian, later French, violinist and conductor.	Sándor Végh	7 January 1997
date of death	Reverend Father Celestine Kapsner O.S.B. (April 29, 1892 - January 1973), was a Catholic priest and exorcist who was stationed at St. John's Abbey at Collegeville, Minnesota, in the early 1960s.	Celestine Kapsner	1973
date of death	Unkoku Togan (雲谷 等顔, 1547--1618) was a Japanese painter.	Unkoku Togan	1618
date of death	León Dujovne (15 November 1898 -- 16 January 1984) was an Argentine writer, philosopher, essayist and journalist.	León Dujovne	16 January 1984
date of death	Frank Koester (born Sterkrade, Germany, 28 August 1876; died 1927) was a German-American engineer and author.	Frank Koester	1927
date of death	William Bridge (c. 1600 -- 1670) was a leading English Independent minister, preacher, and religious and political writer.	William Bridge	1670
date of death	Rabbi Shraga Feivel Mendlowitz (1886, Világ, Austria-Hungary (now Svetlice, Slovakia) - 7 September 1948) was a leader of American Orthodoxy and founder of key institutions such as Torah Vodaath, a Yeshiva in Brooklyn, and Torah U'Mesorah, an outreach and educational organization.	Shraga Feivel Mendlowitz	1948
date of death	Catherine Amelia O'Brien or Kitty O'Brien (19 June 1881 -- 18 July 1963) was an Irish stained glass artist, a member and director of An Túr Gloine.	Catherine Amelia O'Brien	1963
date of death	Joseph T. Parkinson (?1782 - May 1855, London) was an English architect.	Joseph T. Parkinson	1855
date of death	Seán an tSalainn French (1489--1546) was Mayor of Galway from 1538 to 1539.	Seán an tSalainn French	1546
date of death	August Alphonse Derbès (8 May 1818, Marseille -- 27 January 1894, Marseille) was a French professor of naturalist, zoologist and botanist at the University of Marseille who studied reproduction of sea urchins and of algae.	August Alphonse Derbès	27 January 1894
date of death	Liu Min (劉旻) (c. 895 -- 954), named Liu Chong (劉崇) before 951, also known by his temple name Shizu (世祖), was the founding emperor of imperial China's Northern Han state during the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period.	Liu Chong	954
date of death	Ellen Pickering (1801 or 1802 -- 25 November 1843) was a British novelist who published sixteen three-volume novels, one of them posthumously.	Ellen Pickering	1843
date of death	Hannah Mary Rathbone (5 July 1798, Shropshire -- 26 March 1878, Liverpool) was an English writer and the author of The Diary of Lady Willoughby.	Hannah Mary Rathbone	26 March 1878
date of death	Ferdinand Schmutzer (21 May 1870 -- 26 October 1928) was an Austrian photographer and engraver.	Ferdinand Schmutzer	26 October 1928
date of death	Sidney Sax (1913--2005) was a leading violinist in London's session musician circles.	Sidney Sax	2005
date of death	Jeanne de la Font (1500--1532) was a poet and patron of the French Renaissance.	Jeanne de la Font	1532
date of death	Kathleen Mary Drew-Baker (6 November 1901 -- 1957) was a British phycologist, born in Leigh, Lancashire, particularly known for her basic research on the edible seaweed Porphyra laciniata (nori), which led to a breakthrough for commercial growing.	Kathleen Mary Drew-Baker	1957
date of death	Hermann Billung (900 or 912 -- 27 March 973) was the Margrave of the Billung March from 936 until his death.	Hermann Billung	27 March 973
date of death	Hugh Mosman (11 February 1843 -- 15 November 1909) was a mine owner and politician in Queensland, Australia.	Hugh Mosman	15 November 1909
date of death	Richard Dacre Archer-Hind, formerly Hodgson, (1849--1910) was an English scholar of Greek and Platonist.	Richard Dacre Archer-Hind	1910
date of death	Senshō Murakami (村上専精, 1 May 1851 -- 31 October 1929) was a Meiji period Buddhist scholar.	Senshō Murakami	October 1929
date of death	Andreas William Heinesen (15 January 1900 -- 12 March 1991) was a poet, novel writer, short story writer, children's book writer, composer and painter from the Faroe Islands.	William Heinesen	12 March 1991
date of death	Sir Richard Phillips (13 December 1767 -- 2 April 1840) was an English schoolteacher, author and publisher.	Sir Richard Phillips	2 April 1840
date of death	Einar Sissener (21 September 1897 -- 4 March 1968) was a Norwegian stage actor, film actor, stage producer, film producer and theatre director.	Einar Sissener	4 March 1968
date of death	Sir John Andrew Stevenson (1761 -- 14 September 1833) was an Irish composer.	John Andrew Stevenson	14 September 1833
date of death	Tiberius Petasius was a Byzantine usurper in Italy around 729 and 730.	Tiberius Petasius	730
date of death	Carl Eitz (June 25, 1848, Wehrstedt, Halberstadt -- April 18, 1924, Eisleben) was a German acoustician and music educator.	Carl Eitz	1924
date of death	Eugen Taru (Romanian pronunciation: (e.uˈd͡ʒen ˈtaru); 1913 -- 1991) was a Romanian graphic artist, best known for his work in the political cartoon, caricature, comic strip and book illustration genres.	Eugen Taru	1991
date of death	Sir Thomas Spencer Wells, 1st Baronet (3 February 1818 -- 31 January 1897) was surgeon to Queen Victoria, a medical professor and president of the Royal College of Surgeons of England.	Thomas Spencer Wells	31 January 1897
date of death	Anna Eriksdotter or Anna Ersdotter (1624 -- 15 June 1704), called Sotpackan (English: soot-witch), was an Swedish woman accused of being a witch.	Anna Eriksdotter	15 June 1704
date of death	Omichund or Amir Chand (died 1767) was a native man in colonial India, whose name is associated with the treaty negotiated by Robert Clive before the Battle of Plassey in 1757.	Omichund	1767
date of death	George Wilmot Bonner (24 May 1796 -- 3 June 1836) was an English wood-engraver.	George Wilmot Bonner	3 June 1836
date of death	Burford Sampson DSO (30 March 1882 -- 5 June 1959) was an Australian politician and soldier.	Burford Sampson	5 June 1959
date of death	Lincoln MacVeagh (1890--1972) was a distinguished United States soldier, diplomat, businessman, and archaeologist.	Lincoln MacVeagh	1972
date of death	Najdah ibn 'Amir al-Hanafi (Arabic: نجدة بن عامر الحنفي‎) (died 692) established a breakaway Kharijite state in central and eastern Arabia during the Umayyad era before he was killed by one of his own followers in 692.	Najdah ibn 'Amir	692
date of death	Remigiusz Koniecpolski (died 1640) was a Polish noble and bishop of Chełm (1627--1640).	Remigiusz Koniecpolski	1640
date of death	Muhammad Kara Davud bin Kamal al-Izmiti (b. ? - d. 948 AH/1541 CE), was an Ottoman scholar of Islam.	Kara Davud	1541
date of death	Richard Coleman (20 January 1930 -- 16 December 2008) was a British television and stage actor.	Richard Coleman	16 December 2008
date of death	Sir Kenneth Mather CBE FRS (22 June 1911 -- 20 March 1990) was a British geneticist and botanist.	Kenneth Mather	1990
date of death	Daniel Brodhead III (20 April 1693 - 22 July 1755), was a captain in the Ulster County, New York militia.	Daniel Brodhead III	22 July 1755
date of death	Edith Dunham Foster (1864--1950) was an American educational film maker who served as the editor of the Motion Picture Community Bureau, which furnished nearly all of the films seen by American armed forces during World War I. Foster's son Warren Dunham Foster was president of the Motion Picture Community Bureau.	Edith Dunham Foster	1950
date of death	D'Arcy Corrigan (2 January 1870 -- 25 December 1945) was an Irish-born lawyer who became a character actor.	D'Arcy Corrigan	25 December 1945
date of death	Pieter van Coninxloo (c. 1460--1513) was an Early Netherlandish painter first documented as active in Brussels from 1479.	Pieter van Coninxloo	1513
date of death	Heinrich Doergangk (Cologne, second half of the 16th century - before 1626) was a German Hispanist and grammarian.	Heinrich Doergangk	1626
date of death	Thomas Oxborough (died 30 December 1623) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1586 and 1614.	Thomas Oxborough	30 December 1623
date of death	Branka Jurca (24 May 1914 -- 6 March 1999) was a Slovene writer, best known for her work for children and young adults.	Branka Jurca	6 March 1999
date of death	Anatoly Babko (15 October 1905, Sudzhenskoye, Tomsk Governorate -- 7 January 1968) was a famous Ukrainian chemist, specializing in analytical chemistry and in the chemistry of complex compounds.	Anatoly Babko	7 January 1968
date of death	Joseph-Marie Birraux (27 November 1883 - 30 April 1947) was a Catholic bishop who was Vicar Apostolic of Tanganyika and later became Superior General of the White Fathers, or Society of Missionaries of Africa.	Joseph-Marie Birraux	30 April 1947
date of death	Rebecca Emes (died 1830) was an English silversmith.	Rebecca Emes	1830
date of death	Bill O'Hagan (4 June 1944- 15 May 2013) was a journalist on the Daily Telegraph and a butcher, known for his virtuosity in the making of top-quality sausages.	Bill O'Hagan	15 May 2013
date of death	William Paul Gerhard (30 July 1854, in Hamburg, Germany -- 1927) was a United States sanitary engineer.	William Paul Gerhard	1927
date of death	Sir Benjamin Truman (1699/1700 -- 20 March 1780) was a notable English entrepreneur and brewer during the 18th century.	Benjamin Truman	1780
date of death	Haroun al-Rashid Lucman (1924 - 1984) was a Filipino legislator and founder of the Bangsamoro Liberation Organization (BMLO), a Moro separatist group in Mindanao.	Rashid Lucman	1984
date of death	Alirio Ugarte Pelayo (Parroquia Anzoátegui, 21 January 1923 - 19 May 1966), was a Venezuelan politician, journalist, diplomat and lawyer.	Alirio Ugarte Pelayo	19 May 1966
date of death	James Lennox Kerr (1 July 1899 -- 11 March 1963, aged 63) was a Scottish socialist author noted for his children's stories written under the pseudonym of ``Peter Dawlish''.	James Lennox Kerr	11 March 1963
date of death	Sir William Ivor Jennings, KBE, QC (Sinhala:ශ්‍රිමත් අයිවර් ජෙන්නින්ග්ස්) (16 May 1903 -- 19 December 1965) was a British lawyer and academic.	Ivor Jennings	19 December 1965
date of death	Sir Sidney Wadsworth (21 December 1888--2 March 1976) was a British judge who served in the Indian Civil Service.	Sidney Wadsworth	1976
date of death	Einer Nielsen (1894-1965) was a Danish physical medium and spiritualist.	Einer Nielsen	1965
date of death	Air Chief Marshal Josiah Tungamirai (8 October 1948 -- 25 August 2005), born Thomas Mberikwazvo, was a Zimbabwean military officer and politician.	Josiah Tungamirai	25 August 2005
date of death	Sir Francis Kynaston or Kinaston (1587--1642) was an English lawyer, courtier, poet and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1621 to 1622.	Francis Kynaston	1642
date of death	Major Richard John Wrottesley, 5th Baron Wrottesley MC (7 July 1918 -- 23 October 1977), was a British peer and army officer.	Richard John Wrottesley, 5th Baron Wrottesley	23 October 1977
date of death	Carl Langbehn (6 December 1901 -- 12 October 1944) was a German lawyer and member of the resistance to Nazism.	Carl Langbehn	12 October 1944
date of death	John Robert Woodyard (1904--1981) was an American physicist who made important contributions to the technology of microwave electronics and invented ``doping'' to improve the performance of semiconductors.	John Robert Woodyard	1981
date of death	Martin Heinrich Klaproth (1 December 1743 -- 1 January 1817) was a German chemist who discovered uranium (1789), zirconium (1789), and cerium (1803).	Martin Heinrich Klaproth	1 January 1817
date of death	Nasser al-Hafi (Arabic: ناصر الحافي‎) (died 1 July 2015) was an Egyptian lawyer and politician.	Nasser al-Hafi	1 July 2015
date of death	Harry Rimmer (1890--1952) was an American evangelist and creationist.	Harry Rimmer	1952
date of death	Max Oehler (German: (ˈøːlɐ); December 29, 1875 -- March 1946) was a German army officer and archivist for the ``Nietzsche-Archiv.''	Max Oehler	1946
date of death	Rezső Seress (Hungarian: (ˈrɛʒøː ˈʃɛrɛʃ); 3 November 1899 -- 11 January 1968) was a Hungarian pianist and composer.	Rezső Seress	11 January 1968
date of death	Frederick William Lawrence (1892-1974) was a Canadian/American airbrush painter, and probably the father of realistic spray painting.	Frederick William Lawrence	1974
date of death	Godfrey Lill (born 1719, died 1783 in Enniskillen) was an Irish politician, Solicitor-General for Ireland, and judge of the Court of Common Pleas (Ireland).	Godfrey Lill	1783
date of death	Janko Brašić (Serbian Cyrillic: Јанко Брашић) (9 January 1906 -- 15 June 1994) was a Serbian painter considered to be one of the foremost contributors to the naive art genre.	Janko Brašić	15 June 1994
date of death	Cumméne Find (Latinised, Cummeneus Albus, Cumméne ``the White'', died 669) was the seventh abbot of Iona (657--669).	Cumméne Find	669
date of death	George Arthur Rowley Jr., (21 April 1926 -- 19 December 2002), nicknamed ``The Gunner'' because of his explosive left-foot shot, was an English football player and cricketer.	Arthur Rowley	19 December 2002
date of death	Muhammad Jalal Kishk (also Muhammad Galal Al-Kushk) (1929-1983) was an Egyptian Islamist journalist and writer known for his association with the Muslim Brotherhood, his anti-leftist political views, and thoughts on sex and homosexuality in Islam.	Muhammad Jalal Kishk	1983
date of death	Philip Syng (1703--1789) was, like his namesake father, a renowned silversmith who created fine works in silver and sometimes gold for the rich families of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Philip Syng	1789
date of death	Mary Gregory (1856--1908) was an American artist known for her decoration of glass products at the Boston and Sandwich Glass Company in Cape Cod, Massachusetts.	Mary Gregory	1908
date of death	Herman Jeremiassen (born 1851 in Hviteseid, died 1943) was a Norwegian ship-owner and politician.	Herman Jeremiassen	1943
date of death	Christopher Gist (1706--1759) was an accomplished colonial British explorer, surveyor and frontiersman.	Christopher Gist	1759
date of death	Claes Corneliszoon Moeyaert or Nicolaes Moyaert or Mooyaert (1592--1655) was an authoritative Catholic Dutch painter.	Claes Corneliszoon Moeyaert	1655
date of death	Sailabala Das (25 March 1875 - 29 April 1968) was a social worker and politician.	Sailabala Das	29 April 1968
date of death	Henryk Gotlib (1890 -- 30 December 1966), was a Polish-born painter, draughtsman, printmaker, and writer, who settled in England during World War II and made a significant contribution to modern British art. He was profoundly influenced by Rembrandt, and the European Expressionist painters.	Henryk Gotlib	30 December 1966
date of death	Nalini Ranjan Sarkar (Bengali: নলিনী রঞ্জন সরকার) (1882--25 January 1953) was an Indian businessman, industrialist, economist, public leader, and was greatly involved in the political and economic regeneration of Bengal.	Nalini Ranjan Sarkar	1953
date of death	Thomas Nelson Annandale CIE FRSE (15 June 1876 in Edinburgh -- 10 April 1924 in Calcutta) was a Scottish zoologist, entomologist, anthropologist, and herpetologist.	Nelson Annandale	10 April 1924
date of death	Frank Taberski (1889--1941) was a professional pocket billiards player from Schenectady, New York.	Frank Taberski	1941
date of death	Shlomo-Ya'akov Gross (Hebrew: שלמה-יעקב גרוס‎, born 6 December 1908, died 7 July 2003) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Agudat Yisrael and the Religious Torah Front in several spells between 1959 and 1981.	Shlomo-Ya'akov Gross	7 July 2003
date of death	William Garner Sutherland, D.O. (1873--1954) was an American osteopathic physician and important figure in American osteopathic medicine.	William Garner Sutherland	1954
date of death	Mustafa Râkim (Ottoman Turkish: مصطفى رآقم‎; Modern Turkish: Mustafa Râkım) (1757--1826), was an Ottoman calligrapher.	Mustafa Râkim	1826
date of death	Werner Reinhart (19 March 1884 -- 29 August 1951) was a Swiss merchant, philanthropist, amateur clarinetist, and patron of composers and writers, particularly Igor Stravinsky and Rainer Maria Rilke.	Werner Reinhart	29 August 1951
date of death	George Rawson (1807-1889) was an English hymnwriter and Congregationalist lay person, who was born in Leeds on 5 June 1807 and died in Clifton, Bristol on 25 March 1889.	George Rawson	1889
date of death	Sir Reginald George Stapledon FRS (22 September 1882 - 16 September 1960) was an English grassland scientist and pioneer environmentalist.	George Stapledon	16 September 1960
date of death	Samuel Jessurun de Mesquita (6 June 1868 -- c. 11 February 1944) was a Dutch graphic artist active in the years before the Second World War.	Samuel Jessurun de Mesquita	11 February 1944
date of death	Ruth Follows (1718--1809), was an English Quakeress.	Ruth Follows	1809
date of death	Millican Dalton (20 April 1867 -- 5 February 1947) was a self-styled ``Professor of Adventure''.	Millican Dalton	1947
date of death	Joseph Nirschl (b. at Durchfurth, Lower Bavaria, 24 February 1823; d. at Würzburg, 17 January 1904) was a German Catholic theologian and writer.	Joseph Nirschl	17 January 1904
date of death	James Caulfield (1764--1826) was an English author and printseller, known also as a publisher and editor.	James Caulfield	1826
date of death	Jean Léchelle or Jean L'Échelle (2 April 1760 -- 11 November 1793) briefly commanded a French army during the French Revolutionary Wars.	Jean Léchelle	11 November 1793
date of death	Don Hooper (14 April 1914 -- 16 December 1990) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Don Hooper	16 December 1990
date of death	Sir Henry Ingoldsby, 1st Baronet (1622--1701) was an English military commander and landowner.	Sir Henry Ingoldsby, 1st Baronet	1701
date of death	Ludwig Ramberg (21 February 1874 -- 25 December 1940) was the Swedish chemist who discovered in 1940 the Ramberg-Bäcklund reaction, together with his student Birger Bäcklund (2 May 1908 -- 21 January 1997).	Ludwig Ramberg	25 December 1940
date of death	Late in life Fandorin marries again and has at least one son, Alexander, who is born in exile in London in 1920, his mother having left Russia in 1919 while pregnant, which implies that Erast Fandorin died in that year in the turmoils of the Russian Civil War.	Erast Fandorin	1920
date of death	Peter Grimwade (8 June 1942 -- 15 May 1990) was a British television writer and director, best known for his work on the BBC science fiction television series Doctor Who.	Peter Grimwade	15 May 1990
date of death	Gusztáv Vizsolyi (1822 -- 9 February 1889) was a Hungarian jurist and politician from Tolna County.	Gusztáv Vizsolyi	9 February 1889
date of death	Flavius Hannibalianus (also Hanniballianus; died September 337) was a member of the Constantinian dynasty, which ruled over the Roman Empire in the 4th century.	Hannibalianus	337
date of death	Georg Pieter Willem Boers (3 February 1811 -- 30 August 1884) was a Dutch colonial official, who served as Governor of the Dutch Gold Coast between 1867 and 1869.	Georg Pieter Willem Boers	30 August 1884
date of death	Anthony Belasyse, also Bellasis, Bellows and Bellowsesse (died 1552) was an English churchman and jurist, archdeacon of Colchester from 1543.	Anthony Belasyse	1552
date of death	Martha Angle Dorsett (2 April 1851--8 March 1918) was the first woman admitted to the bar in the state of Minnesota.	Martha Angle Dorsett	1918
date of death	Margaret Phipps Boegner (1906-2006) (a.k.a. ``Peggy'') was an American heiress and philanthropist.	Margaret Phipps Boegner	2006
date of death	Emma McCune (* 3 February 1964 in India - † 24 November 1993 in Nairobi) was an expatriate British foreign aid worker in Sudan who married then-guerrilla leader Riek Machar.	Emma McCune	24 November 1993
date of death	Zdzisław Krasnodębski alias Król (10 July 1904 in Wola Osowińska -- 3 July 1980 in Toronto) was a pilot, founder and commander of Squadron 303.	Zdzisław Krasnodębski	3 July 1980
date of death	Miron Grindea (31 January 1909 -- 18 November 1995) was a Romanian-born literary journalist and the editor of ADAM International Review, a literary magazine published for over 50 years.	Miron Grindea	18 November 1995
date of death	Abbé Aloïsius Édouard Camille Gaultier (Asti, 1745 or 1746 - Paris, 19 September 1818) was a French Roman Catholic priest and educational reformer.	Aloïsius Édouard Camille Gaultier	1818
date of death	Qamar Aden Ali (Somali: Qamar Aadan Cali, Arabic: قمر عدن علي‎) (b. 19 September 1957 - d. 3 December 2009) was a Somali lawyer and politician.	Qamar Aden Ali	3 December 2009
date of death	Mir-i Buzurg later died of illness in 1379, and was buried in Amol.	Mir-i Buzurg	1379
date of death	Mary Ann Yates (1728--1787) was an English tragic actress.	Mary Ann Yates	1787
date of death	Hugh I of Oisy (died circa 1111) was the castellan of the town of Cambrai and a famous rebel against the authority of the bishops of the city.	Hugh I of Oisy	1111
date of death	Victor Earl Mark (1876--1948) was a prominent architect in Jacksonville, Florida, United States.	Victor Earl Mark	1948
date of death	Mother of the Nation Lady Linh Từ (Vietnamese: Linh Từ Quốc mẫu, Hán tự: 靈慈國母) Trần Thị Dung (?--1259) was the last empress and the last empress mother of the Lý Dynasty.	Trần Thị Dung	1259
date of death	Hart Amos (2 December 1916 -- 8 June 2000), was an Australian comic strip writer and artist.	Hart Amos	8 June 2000
date of death	Isaac Jan Alexander Gogel (10 December 1765, Vught -- 13 June 1821, Overveen) was the first minister of finance of the Batavian Republic and the Kingdom of Holland.	Alexander Gogel	13 June 1821
date of death	Arnold Vaide (17 April 1926 -- 5 June 2011) was a Swedish athlete and football trainer.	Arnold Vaide	5 June 2011
date of death	Brian Tyrrell (died 19 April 2009) was an Irish football player who played as a forward.	Brian Tyrrell	19 April 2009
date of death	John Gower (/ˈɡaʊər/; c. 1330 -- October 1408) was an English poet, a contemporary of William Langland and the Pearl Poet, and a personal friend of Geoffrey Chaucer.	John Gower	October 1408
date of death	Benjamin Taylor A Bell (2 July 1861 -- 1 March 1904), the son of David Bell and Margaret Taylor, was born in Scotland and emigrated to Canada when his mother died where he eventually became involved in the field of journalism with the Montreal Gazette.	Benjamin Taylor A Bell	1 March 1904
date of death	Karl Kritz (1906 -- 17 December 1969) was an Austrian conductor.	Karl Kritz	17 December 1969
date of death	Vazhenkada Kunchu Nair, also spelt Kunju Nair, (1908-1981) was an outstanding Kathakali mastero of the 20th century.	Vazhenkada Kunchu Nair	1981
date of death	Franz Josef Heinz, known as Heinz-Orbis, (25 February 1884 - 9 January 1924) was a Palatine separatist who briefly led the government of the ``Autonomous Palatinate'' during the French occupation of the Rhineland.	Franz Josef Heinz	9 January 1924
date of death	Dino Kraspedon (1905--2004) was the pen name of Brazilian Aladino Felix, who claimed to be contacted by a person who was from another inhabited planet.	Dino Kraspedon	2004
date of death	Kyutaro Abiko (1865--1936) was a Japanese-born American businessman and newspaper editor.	Kyutaro Abiko	1936
date of death	John Maclellan, 3rd Lord Kirkcudbright (died 1664) was a Scottish nobleman and royalist.	John Maclellan, 3rd Lord Kirkcudbright	1664
date of death	Joseph Paruta, also known as ``Old Man'' and ``Sammy Gravano's Personal Luca Brasi'' (December 3, 1929-October 1986 Brooklyn, New York) was a mobster in the Gambino crime family and considered a ``key member'' of Sammy Gravano's Bensonhurst, Brooklyn crew.	Joseph Paruta	1986
date of death	John Wadsworth (1850 -- 10 July 1921) was a British trade unionist and Liberal or Lib-Lab politician.	John Wadsworth	10 July 1921
date of death	Mahadev Desai (1 January 1892 -- 15 August 1942) was an Indian independence activist and writer best remembered as Mahatma Gandhi's personal secretary.	Mahadev Desai	15 August 1942
date of death	Salvador Lutteroth (1897--September 5th 1987; born Salvador Lutteroth González) was a Mexican professional wrestling promoter of the mid-twentieth century.	Salvador Lutteroth	1987
date of death	Bob Courtney (31 October 1922 -- 24 October 2010) was a British-born South African actor and broadcaster.	Bob Courtney	24 October 2010
date of death	Claude Céberet du Boullay (1647--1702) was a 17th-century French diplomat who participated in the La Loubère-Céberet embassy as ``envoy extraordinary'' to the kingdom of Siam (modern Thailand) in 1687.	Claude Céberet du Boullay	1702
date of death	Vitorino de Brito Freire (28 November 1908 - 27 August 1977) was a Brazilian politician and congressman.	Vitorino de Brito Freire	27 August 1977
date of death	Rena Golden (30 March 1961 -- 20 March 2013) was an Indian born American journalist working for CNN and the Weather Channel.	Rena Golden	20 March 2013
date of death	Batakrishna Ghosh (1905-1950) was an Indian linguist, who specialised in Indo-European linguistics.	Batakrishna Ghosh	1950
date of death	Hugh Latimer (c. 1487 -- 16 October 1555) was a Fellow of Clare College, Cambridge, and Bishop of Worcester before the Reformation, and later Church of England chaplain to King Edward VI.	Hugh Latimer	16 October 1555
date of death	George Calavassy (born 2 February 1881, Greece - died on 7 November 1957 Greece) was a Catholic prelate belonging to Apostolic Exarchate of Constantinople from 13 July 1920 to 11 June 1932, and Exarch of the Greek Byzantine Catholic Church from 11 June 1932 to 7 November 1957.	George Calavassy	7 November 1957
date of death	Jorge Cerdán Lara (23 July 1897--15 August 1958) was a Mexican attorney and politician who served as governor of the Mexican state of Veracruz from 1940--1944.	Jorge Cerdán Lara	1958
date of death	Albert Hybart JP (1865 - 28 January 1945) was a Welsh rugby union forward who played club rugby for Cardiff and international rugby for Wales.	Albert Hybart	28 January 1945
date of death	Dimitri Tsafendas (Greek: Δημήτρης Τσαφέντας; 14 January 1918 -- 7 October 1999) is known as the assassin of Prime Minister of South Africa Hendrik Verwoerd, the ``Architect of Apartheid'' on 6 September 1966.	Dimitri Tsafendas	7 October 1999
date of death	Edward John Carnell (8 April 1912 - 23 March 1972), known to his friends as either Ted or John, was a British science fiction editor known for editing New Worlds in 1946 then from 1949 to 1963.	John Carnell	23 March 1972
date of death	Dharma Raja Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma (Malayalam: ധർമ്മരാജാ കാർ‍ത്തിക തിരുനാൾ രാ‍മവർമ്മ, 1724--17 Feb 1798) was the Maharajah of Travancore from 1758 until his death in 1798.	Dharma Raja	1798
date of death	Fadrique Enríquez de Mendoza (1390 -- 23 December 1473) was the second Admiral of Castile, Count of Melgar and Rueda, and second Lord of Medina del Rioseco.	Fadrique Enríquez de Mendoza	23 December 1473
date of death	William Gaston Pearson (1858--1947) was an African-American educator and businessman in North Carolina.	William Gaston Pearson	1947
date of death	Antonin Cloche (1628 - 1720) was the Master of the Order of Preachers from 1686 to 1720.	Antonin Cloche	1720
date of death	Thelma Johnson Streat (August 12, 1911 -- May 1959) was an African American artist, dancer, and educator, who gained prominence in the 1940s for her art, performance and work to foster inter-cultural understanding and appreciation.	Thelma Johnson Streat	1959
date of death	Guy-Crescent Fagon (11 May 1638 -- 11 March 1718) was a physician and botanist.	Guy-Crescent Fagon	11 March 1718
date of death	Christopher Carrick (1882 -- 1927) was a footballer who played for West Ham United, Tottenham Hotspur, Reading, Bradford City and Glentoran as an outside-left.	Christopher Carrick	1927
date of death	Daniel Rock (Very Reverend Canon Rock, D.D.) (31 August 1799, Liverpool -- 28 November 1871 Kensington, London) was an English Roman Catholic priest, ecciesiologist and antiquarian.	Daniel Rock	28 November 1871
date of death	Ge Xuan (164--244) was a Chinese Taoist.	Ge Xuan	244
date of death	Chic Calderwood (1 September 1937 -- 12 November 1966) was a Scottish light-heavyweight boxer from Craigneuk in North Lanarkshire, Scotland who was active from 1957 to 1966.	Chic Calderwood	12 November 1966
date of death	Francisco Pereira de Moura (1925--1998) was a Portuguese scholar, economist and politician opposed to the Estado Novo regime.	Francisco Pereira de Moura	1998
date of death	Heonan of Silla (died 861) (r. 857--861) was the 47th king of the Silla kingdom of Korea.	Heonan of Silla	861
date of death	James Yeadon (10 December 1861 -- 30 May 1914) was an English first-class cricketer, who played three times for Yorkshire County Cricket Club in 1888.	James Yeadon	30 May 1914
date of death	Charles Augustus Lafayette Lamar (1824-1865) the son of Gazaway Bugg Lamar was born and raised in Savannah, Georgia.	Charles Augustus Lafayette Lamar	1865
date of death	Charles George Broyden (3 February 1933 -- 20 May 2011) was a mathematician who specialized in optimization problems and numerical linear algebra.	Charles George Broyden	20 May 2011
date of death	Gum Yuen (October 1875 -- 15 May 1943) was an Australian cabinetmaker, Chinese community leader, furniture manufacturer and restaurateur.	Gum Yuen	15 May 1943
date of death	James Vincent Cleary (18 September 1828 -- 24 February 1898) was a Canadian Roman Catholic priest and Archbishop of Kingston, Ontario.	James Vincent Cleary	24 February 1898
date of death	Frank Runacres (2 June 1904 - 1974) was an English painter who worked in both watercolours and oil.	Frank Runacres	1974
date of death	B. K. Gadhvi (1937 -- 2005) was a leader of Indian National Congress from Gujarat and was a member of the Seventh, Eighth and Eleventh Lok Sabhas from 1980 to 1989 and from 1996 to 1997 representing the Banaskantha Parliamentary Constituency.	B. K. Gadhvi	2005
date of death	Ralph Robert Watts Sherman Stonor, 6th Baron Camoys DL JP (5 July 1913 -- 9 March 1976) was an English aristocrat and Justice of the Peace.	Sherman Stonor, 6th Baron Camoys	9 March 1976
date of death	Father Matta El Meskeen or Matthew the Poor, born Youssef Iskandar (20 September 1919 -- 8 June 2006) was an Egyptian Coptic Orthodox monk.	Matta El Meskeen	8 June 2006
date of death	Martin Kavanagh (1895 --1987) was a teacher and historian.	Martin Kavanagh	1987
date of death	Gaius Caesonius Macer Rufinianus (c. AD 157 -- c. AD 237) was a Roman military officer and senator who was appointed suffect consul in around AD 197 or 198.	Gaius Caesonius Macer Rufinianus	237
date of death	Samuel Goodere (1687--1741) was a captain in the British Royal Navy, who was the third and youngest son of Sir Edward Goodere, 1st Baronet.	Samuel Goodere	1741
date of death	John de la Pole, 1st Earl of Lincoln (1462/1464 -- 16 June 1487) was a leading figure in the Yorkist aristocracy during the Wars of the Roses.	John de la Pole, 1st Earl of Lincoln	16 June 1487
date of death	Franciska Gaal (1 February 1904 -- 2 January 1973) was a Jewish Hungarian cabaret artist and film actress.	Franciska Gaal	2 January 1973
date of death	Sir John Rogerson (1648--1724) was an Irish politician, wealthy merchant and property developer.	Sir John Rogerson	1724
date of death	Sir Marmaduke Gresham, 1st Baronet (ca. 1627 -- 14 April 1696) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660 and from 1685 to 1689.	Marmaduke Gresham	1696
date of death	Martha Thompson (1731--1820) was an English Methodist.	Martha Thompson	1820
date of death	Peter G. Fletcher (9 January 1936 -- 21 May 1996) was a noted British orchestral and choral conductor, music educator and author.	Peter G. Fletcher	21 May 1996
date of death	Margaret Eliza Maltby (10 December 1860 -- 3 May 1944) was an American physicist notable for measurement of high electrolytic resistances and conductivity of very dilute solutions.	Margaret Eliza Maltby	3 May 1944
date of death	Alexander Macbean (died 1784) was a British writer and amanuensis, known as a lexicographer.	Alexander Macbean	1784
date of death	Zita Linker (Hebrew: ציטה לינקר‎, born 1 March 1917, died 26 January 2009) was an Israeli politician who briefly served as a member of the Knesset for Likud in 1977.	Zita Linker	26 January 2009
date of death	Sir William Thorold, 1st Baronet (1591--1678) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1661 to 1677.	Sir William Thorold, 1st Baronet	1678
date of death	Sir Edward Carne (c.1500 - 19 January 1561) was a Welsh Renaissance scholar, diplomat and English Member of Parliament.	Sir Edward Carne	1561
date of death	Henryk Ehrlich (sometimes spelled Henryk Erlich; 1882 -- 15 May 1942) was an activist of the Bund, member of the Petrograd Soviet, Warsaw City Council and member of the executive committee of the Second International.	Henryk Ehrlich	15 May 1942
date of death	Philip Roche (died 1798) was an Irish Roman Catholic priest and commander during the Irish Rebellion of 1798.	Philip Roche	1798
date of death	Stephen of Aumale (c. 1070--1127) was Count of Aumale from before 1089 to 1127, and Lord of Holderness.	Stephen of Aumale	1127
date of death	Humphrey Weld (died 29 November 1610) was an English merchant who was Lord Mayor of London in 1608.	Humphrey Weld	29 November 1610
date of death	Edgar William Boyles (24 March 1921 -- 7 May 2001) was a senior British civil servant who became Under-Secretary at the Inland Revenue (1975--81).	Edgar William Boyles	7 May 2001
date of death	Joaquín Canaves (8 January 1640 - 3 June 1721) was a Spanish prelate who served as the Bishop of Malta from 1713 till 1721.	Joaquín Canaves	3 June 1721
date of death	Fraser Frisell (1774--1846), was a friend of Chateaubriand and Joubert.	Fraser Frisell	1846
date of death	Mária Vadász, née Vanya (1 January 1950 -- 18 August 2009) was a Hungarian handball player, Olympic bronze medalist and World Championship silver medalist.	Mária Vadász	18 August 2009
date of death	Shamsul Huda Chaudhury (Bengali শামসুল হুদা চেীধুরী 1 May 1920 - 15 February 2000) was a renowned Bangladeshi politician, mass-media administrator, minister and two time Speaker of Bangladesh Jatiya Sangsad.	Shamsul Huda Chaudhury	15 February 2000
date of death	Clémentine Hélène Dufau (18 August 1869 -- 18 March 1937) was a painter.	Clémentine Hélène Dufau	18 March 1937
date of death	John Robert Godley (29 May 1814 -- 17 November 1861) was an Irish statesman and bureaucrat.	John Robert Godley	17 November 1861
date of death	Władysław of Bytom (Polish: Władysław bytomski; 1277/83 -- around 8 September 1352), was a Duke of Koźle during 1303-1334, Duke of Bytom from 1316, Duke of Toszek since 1329 and Duke of Siewierz during 1328--1337.	Władysław of Bytom	1352
date of death	Enid Charles (29 December 1894 -- 26 March 1972) was a socialist, feminist and statistician who was a pioneer in the fields of demography and population statistics.	Enid Charles	26 March 1972
date of death	Sergeant Terrence Begley (died 25 August 1864) was an Irish soldier who fought in the American Civil War.	Terrence Begley	25 August 1864
date of death	Saint Fer dá Chrích mac Suibni (also called Feardachrich, Feradach, Ferdachricus, Fer dá Crích, Ferdacrioch, ffear-Dachrich, Firdacrich) b. c. 710 -- d. 18 May 768, was the Abbot of Armagh, Ireland from 758 to 18 May 768.	Fer dá Chrích mac Suibni	18 May 768
date of death	Otto Bittorf (13 July 1917 -- 11 January 1999) was a highly decorated Oberleutnant in the Wehrmacht during World War II and a Major in the Bundeswehr.	Otto Bittorf	11 January 1999
date of death	Sultan Jauhar ul-Alam Amauddin Syah (died 1726) was the twenty-first sultan of Aceh.	Jauhar ul-Alam	1726
date of death	Joseph Panny (23 October 1796 -- 7 September 1838) was an Austrian composer and violinist who lived primarily in Vienna.	Joseph Panny	7 September 1838
date of death	David Ruthven, 2nd Lord Ruthven of Freeland (died April 1701) was a Scottish politician.	David Ruthven, 2nd Lord Ruthven of Freeland	1701
date of death	Edmund Bunny (1540--1619) was an Anglican churchman of Calvinist views.	Edmund Bunny	1619
date of death	Thomas Mullins, 1st Baron Ventry (25 October 1736 -- 11 January 1824) was an Anglo-Irish politician and peer.	Thomas Mullins, 1st Baron Ventry	11 January 1824
date of death	Gwylog ap Beli (695?--725) was one of the rulers of the Kingdom of Powys, son of Beli ap Eiludd.	Gwylog ap Beli	725
date of death	Enrico Gasparri S.T.D. JUD (25 July 1871 -- 20 May 1946) was a Roman Catholic Cardinal and Archbishop.	Enrico Gasparri	20 May 1946
date of death	Robert Cleveland (1744--1812) was an American revolutionary from Wilkes County, North Carolina, and served as a Captain in the militia under his brother Colonel Benjamin Cleveland.	Robert Cleveland	1812
date of death	Billy Spence (died 1980) was a loyalist activist in Northern Ireland.	Billy Spence	1980
date of death	Rajeshwari Chatterjee (24 January 1922 -- 3 September 2010) was an Indian scientist and an academic.	Rajeshwari Chatterjee	3 September 2010
date of death	John James Maximilian Oertel (born at Ansbach, Bavaria, 27 April 1811; died at Jamaica, New York, 21 August 1882) was a German-American journalist.	John James Maximilian Oertel	21 August 1882
date of death	Rabbi Selig Starr, born Zelig Starobinski (15 June 1893 Yanow or Yanaveh, Poland -- 2 November 1989), was a 20th-century Talmudic scholar in Poland, Chicago and Jerusalem.	Selig Starr	2 November 1989
date of death	Åsmund Sveen (28 April 1910 -- 31 January 1963) was a Norwegian poet, novelist and literary critic.	Åsmund Sveen	31 January 1963
date of death	Fyodor Koriatovych (Polish: Fiodor Koriatowic, Rusyn: Федур Коръятович, Ukrainian: Федір Коріятович, Lithuanian: Teodoras Karijotaitis) (died 1414 in Mukacheve) was a Ruthenian prince of Lithuanian origins, son of Karijotas, Duke of Navahrudak, and grandson of Gediminas, Grand Duke of Lithuania.	Fyodor Koriatovych	1414
date of death	Davor Dujmović (20 September 1969 -- 31 May 1999) was a Bosnian actor best known for his memorable roles in Emir Kusturica's movies as Mirza in When Father Was Away on Business, Perhan in Time of the Gypsies and Bata in Underground.	Davor Dujmović	31 May 1999
date of death	Walter Einsel (1926--1998) was an American sculptor and illustrator from Westport, Connecticut.	Walter Einsel	1998
date of death	Ernest John Christopher Polge CBE, FRS (16 August 1926-- 17 August 2006) was an English biologist, most noted for his work in cryopreservation.	Christopher Polge	17 August 2006
date of death	István Móna (17 September 1940 -- 28 July 2010) was a Hungarian modern pentathlete and Olympic champion.	István Móna	28 July 2010
date of death	Gaius Avidius Nigrinus (died 118) was a Roman who lived between the 1st and 2nd centuries.	Gaius Avidius Nigrinus	118
date of death	Ivan Vurnik (1 June 1884 -- 8 April 1971) was a Slovene architect that helped found the Ljubljana School of Architecture.	Ivan Vurnik	8 April 1971
date of death	Alexander Stopford Catcott (1692--1749) was an English churchman from Bristol, and headmaster of Bristol Grammar School from 1722 to 1743 or 1744.	Alexander Stopford Catcott	1749
date of death	Henry Slade (1835-1905) was a famous fraudulent medium who lived and practiced in both Europe and North America.	Henry Slade	1905
date of death	Frederick Forchheimer (1853--1913) was an American pediatrician known for describing Forchheimer spots.	Frederick Forchheimer	1913
date of death	Charlotta Maria Thérèse Lizinka Dyrssen, née af Ugglas (28 July 1866 -- 9 September 1952), was a Swedish women's rights activist.	Lizinka Dyrssen	9 September 1952
date of death	George Jackson Churchward CBE (31 January 1857 -- 19 December 1933) was Chief Mechanical Engineer of the Great Western Railway (GWR) in the United Kingdom from 1902 to 1922.	George Jackson Churchward	19 December 1933
date of death	Geoff Stone (10 April 1924 -- 1993) was an English footballer who made 35 appearances in the Football League playing as a centre half for Notts County and Darlington.	Geoff Stone	1993
date of death	John Tiktak (1916, Kareak camp-1981) was a Canadian Inuk sculptor who spent most of his artistic career in Rankin Inlet.	John Tiktak	1981
date of death	Charles Wagley (1913--1991) was an American anthropologist and leading pioneer in the development of Brazilian anthropology.	Charles Wagley	1991
date of death	Baltasar Jaime Martínez Compañón (born 1737, died 1797) was a Spanish prelate who served as Bishop of Trujillo, Peru, Peru from 1779 to 1790, at Trujillo Cathedral, and Archbishop of Bogotá, New Granada, from 1790 to 1797.	Baltasar Jaime Martínez Compañón	1797
date of death	Mary Heaton Vorse O'Brien (1874--1966) was an American journalist, labor activist, and novelist.	Mary Heaton Vorse	1966
date of death	Francesco Bassi (early 1642-1732) was an Italian painter active in the early-Baroque period, mainly in his hometown of Cremona, but also in Venice.	Francesco Bassi	1732
date of death	John Terence Reese (28 August 1913 -- 29 January 1996) was a British bridge player and writer, regarded as one of the finest of all time in both fields.	Terence Reese	29 January 1996
date of death	Ruth Plumly Thompson (27 July 1891 -- 6 April 1976) was an American writer of children's stories, best known for writing many novels placed in Oz, the fictional land of L. Frank Baum's classic children's novel The Wonderful Wizard of Oz and its sequels.	Ruth Plumly Thompson	6 April 1976
date of death	Udai Singh II (4 August 1522 -- 28 February 1572) was the Maharana of Mewar and the founder of the city of Udaipur in the present day Rajasthan state of India.	Udai Singh II	28 February 1572
date of death	Julen Goikoetxea (18 August 1985 -- 7 October 2006) was a Basque racing cyclist from Ondarroa.	Julen Goikoetxea	7 October 2006
date of death	Kedamangalam Sadanandan (1926 -- 13 April 2008) was a Kadhaprasangam artist, film actor, screenwriter and lyricist from Kerala.	Kedamangalam Sadanandan	13 April 2008
date of death	Thomas Douglas Guest (1781--1845) was a British historical- and portrait painter.	Thomas Douglas Guest	1845
date of death	Aaron Lockett (1 December 1892 -- 10 February 1965) was an English footballer and cricketer.	Aaron Lockett	10 February 1965
date of death	Stacey Grimaldi (18 October 1790 -- 28 March 1863), was an English lawyer and antiquary.	Stacey Grimaldi	28 March 1863
date of death	Dani Wadada Nabudere (15 December 1932 -- 9 November 2011)http://independent.co.ug/obituary/4-obituary/4914-prof-nabudere http://www.pambazuka.net/en/category.php/obituary/83572 was an accomplished Ugandan academic, Pan-Africanist, lawyer, politician, author, political scientist and development specialist.	Dani Wadada Nabudere	9 November 2011
date of death	Angelo Celli (25 March 1857 -- 2 November 1914) was an Italian physician, hygienist, parasitologist and philanthropist known for his pioneering works in malarial parasite and control of malaria.	Angelo Celli	2 November 1914
date of death	William Noy (1577 -- 9 August 1634) was a noted British jurist.	William Noy	9 August 1634
date of death	Francisco Méndez (1907-1962) was a Guatemalan poet and short-story writer born in Joyabaj, El Quiché.	Francisco Méndez	1962
date of death	Sir William Tredenham (ca. 1638 - 12 May 1662) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1659 and 1662.	William Tredenham	12 May 1662
date of death	Jan Piekałkiewicz (19 September 1892 -- 19 February 1943) was a Polish economist and statistician, politician and the Polish Underground State's Government Delegate.	Jan Piekałkiewicz	19 February 1943
date of death	Leopold Bellak (1916--2002) was an psychologist who worked on clinical psychological assessment, particularly with the Thematic Apperception Test.	Leopold Bellak	2002
date of death	Ignazio Buttitta (19 September 1899 -- 5 April 1997) was an Italian dialectal poet.	Ignazio Buttitta	5 April 1997
date of death	William Marion Reedy (1862--1920) was a St. Louis-based editor best known for his promotion of the poets Sara Teasdale, Edgar Lee Masters, and Carl Sandburg to the audience of his newspaper, Reedy's Mirror.	William Marion Reedy	1920
date of death	Amarendranath Chatterjee (Bengali: অমরেন্দ্রনাথ চট্টোপাধ্যায়) (1 July 1880 -- 4 September 1957) was an Indian independence movement activist.	Amarendranath Chatterjee	4 September 1957
date of death	Harry Clinton Gossard (1884--1954) was an American educator and geometer.	Harry Clinton Gossard	1954
date of death	Spence Broughton (c. 1746 -- 14 April 1792) was an English highwayman who was executed for robbing the Sheffield and Rotherham mail.	Spence Broughton	1792
date of death	Donal Keenan (1919 -- 19 September 1990) was an Irish Gaelic games administrator, Gaelic football coach, selector and former player.	Donal Keenan	19 September 1990
date of death	Dorothy B. Hughes (10 August 1904 -- 6 May 1993) was an American crime writer and literary critic.	Dorothy B. Hughes	6 May 1993
date of death	Queen Heonjung (헌정왕후;獻貞王后, c. 966 -- 1 August 992) was a Korean Goryeo dynastys queen.	Queen Heonjung	1 August 992
date of death	Patrick John Morris (13 April 1948 -- 16 January 2008) was a British composer, musician, and songwriter.	Patrick John Morris	16 January 2008
date of death	Tommaso Tamburini (6 March 1591 -- 10 October 1675) was an Italian Jesuit moral theologian.	Tommaso Tamburini	10 October 1675
date of death	Hendrick ten Oever (1639 -- 1716), was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Hendrick ten Oever	1716
date of death	John Grimaldi (22 May 1955 -- 15 November 1983) was a musician, songwriter and artist.	John Grimaldi	15 November 1983
date of death	Thomas Wallensis (died 1255) was a Welsh Franciscan, archdeacon of Lincoln and then bishop of St. David's.	Thomas Wallensis	1255
date of death	Rolf Maximilian Sievert (Swedish: (ˈrɔlf maksɪmˈiːlɪan ˈsiːvəʈ); 6 May 1896 -- 3 October 1966) was a medical physicist whose major contribution was in the study of the biological effects of radiation.	Rolf Maximilian Sievert	3 October 1966
date of death	Charles-Hippolyte-Philippe Spinola, known as Philippe Spinola (1612--1670) was count of Bruay, baron of Andre, and lord of Kounice, a lordship which he later exchanged for those of Calonne-sur-la-Lys and Viefville, Grandee of Spain and Knight of the Golden Fleece.	Philippe Spinola	1670
date of death	Charles Hill, Baron Hill of Luton PC (15 January 1904 -- 22 August 1989) was a British cabinet minister, doctor and television executive.	Charles Hill, Baron Hill of Luton	22 August 1989
date of death	Niklaus Niggeler (3 May 1817 - 26 May 1872) was a Swiss politician from the canton of Bern.	Niklaus Niggeler	26 May 1872
date of death	Heinrich Wilhelm Ludolf (20 December 1655 -- 25 January 1712) was a German Pietist, secretary to Prince George of Denmark, and ecumenical traveller.	Heinrich Wilhelm Ludolf	1712
date of death	Wang Yucheng (or Yu-Ch'eng) (王禹偁, 954--1001) was a Chinese poet from Juye in the Shandong province.	Wang Yucheng	1001
date of death	Petre Mavrogheni (1819 -- 20 April 1887) also known as Petru Mavrogheni was a Romanian politician who served as the Minister of Foreign Affairs from 11 May until 13 July 1866 and as the Minister of Finance.	Petre Mavrogheni	20 April 1887
date of death	Jan Balabán (29 January 1961 -- 23 April 2010) was a Czech writer, journalist, and translator.	Jan Balabán	23 April 2010
date of death	Timothy J. Stryker, better known as Tim Stryker or Stryker (9 December 1954 -- 6 August 1996) was a computer programmer, best known as the creator of MajorBBS, a computer bulletin board software package.	Tim Stryker	6 August 1996
date of death	Pap Cheyassin Secka or Pap Cheyassin Ousman Secka (June 1942 -- 29 March 2012) was a Gambian lawyer and politician.	Pap Cheyassin Secka	29 March 2012
date of death	Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan (2 March 1935 -- 8 September 2008) was an Indian classical music violinist.	Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan	8 September 2008
date of death	Eleanor Oglethorpe (1662--1732) was an employee of the royal household during the reigns of Charles II and James II. She followed James II to France, where he was exiled after the Glorious Revolution.	Eleanor Oglethorpe	1732
date of death	John Loch (8 September 1781 -- 19 February 1868) was a Member of Parliament for Hythe and Chairman of the East India Company.	John Loch	19 February 1868
date of death	Dennis Brian Close, CBE (24 February 1931 -- 13 September 2015) was an English cricketer, the youngest man ever to play Test cricket for England.	Brian Close	13 September 2015
date of death	Miguel Lino de Ezpeleta (sometimes spelled as de Espeleta) (Manila, June 1701 -- Cebu, July 1771) was a Spanish Criollo born in Manila who served as the Bishop of Cebu from 1757 until his death in 1771.	Miguel Lino de Ezpeleta	1771
date of death	Blessed Caius of Korea (1571 in Korea -- 15 November 1624 in Nagasaki, Japan) is the 128th of the 205 Roman Catholic Martyrs of Japan beatified by Pope Pius IX on 7 July 1867, after he had canonized the Twenty-six Martyrs of Japan five years before on 8 June 1862.	Caius of Korea	15 November 1624
date of death	Laurence Chisholm Young (14 July 1905 -- 24 December 2000) was an American mathematician known for his contributions to measure theory, the calculus of variations, optimal control theory, and potential theory.	Laurence Chisholm Young	24 December 2000
date of death	Vitéz Baron Sándor Szurmay de Uzsok (19 December 1860 -- 26 February 1945) was a Hungarian military officer and politician, who served as Minister of Defence for the Hungarian portion of the Dual Monarchy of Austria-Hungary between 1917 and 1918.	Sándor Szurmay	26 February 1945
date of death	James Wood Johnson (1856--1932) was an American businessman and one of the co-founders of Johnson & Johnson.	James Wood Johnson	1932
date of death	Ilona Stetina (1855-1932), was a Romanian pioneer educator and women's rights activist.	Ilona Stetina	1932
date of death	John Tufton, 4th Earl of Thanet (7 August 1638 -- 27 April 1680), styled The Honourable John Tufton until 1679, was an English politician and nobleman.	John Tufton, 4th Earl of Thanet	27 April 1680
date of death	Romesh Bhandari (29 March 1928 -- 7 September 2013) was an Indian Foreign Secretary, former Lieutenant Governor of Delhi, Andaman and Nicobar Islands, and former governor of Tripura, Goa and Uttar Pradesh.	Romesh Bhandari	7 September 2013
date of death	Colonel Mariano Chico (1796--1850) served one of the briefest terms as Alta California governor from April 1836 to July 1836.	Mariano Chico	1850
date of death	John Wygryme (died 5 October 1468) was a Canon of Windsor from 1457 to 1468.	John Wygryme	5 October 1468
date of death	Charles W. Dullea (May 30, 1889 -- 1966) was the Chief of Police in the San Francisco Police Department from 1940 to 1947.	Charles W. Dullea	1966
date of death	Edward William Barnard (1791--1828), was an English divine, poet and scholar.	Edward William Barnard	1828
date of death	Lê Chiêu Thống (1765--1793), born Lê Duy Khiêm and later Lê Duy Kỳ, was the last king of the Vietnamse Lê dynasty.	Lê Chiêu Thống	1793
date of death	Eloy Mestrelle, first name sometimes spelled Eloye, (d. 1578) was a French moneyer who was responsible for introducing milled coinage to England.	Eloy Mestrelle	1578
date of death	James Patrick Mullins (5 January 1874 -- 26 November 1965) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons and served as mayor of Bromptonville at one time.	James Patrick Mullins	26 November 1965
date of death	Hans Henrik Rode (9 September 1767 -- 29 December 1830) was a Danish-Norwegian military officer.	Hans Henrik Rode	29 December 1830
date of death	Arthur Saul (died 1586) was an English Puritan cleric and academic, a Marian exile and canon of Gloucester Cathedral.	Arthur Saul	1586
date of death	António Galvão (c. 1490--1557), known in English as Antonio Galvano, was a Portuguese soldier, chronicler and administrator in the Maluku islands, and a Renaissance historian, the first to present a comprehensive report of all the leading voyages and explorers up to 1550, either by Portuguese and by other nationalities.	António Galvão	1557
date of death	Ivan Rassimov (Born Ivan Djerasimović; Serbian Cyrillic: Иван Ђерасимовић) (7 May 1938 -- 14 March 2003) was an Italian film actor of Serbian origin who appeared in many horror and exploitation films.	Ivan Rassimov	14 March 2003
date of death	Élie Fruchart (8 July 1922 -- 1 July 2003) was a French football player who played with US Auchel.	Élie Fruchart	1 July 2003
date of death	Hasan Moglica (1854--1915), commonly referred as Hoxhë Moglica, was an Albanian educator, religious leader, engineer, philosopher, nationalist figure and patriot.	Hasan Moglica	1915
date of death	Gustav de Vries (22 January 1866--16 December 1934) was a Dutch mathematician, who is best remembered for his work on the Korteweg--de Vries equation with Diederik Korteweg.	Gustav de Vries	16 December 1934
date of death	Gustavus Arthur Talbot (24 December 1848-16 October 1920) was a British member of parliament and a Coalition Conservative politician.	Gustavus Arthur Talbot	16 October 1920
date of death	Lancelot Brown (baptised 30 August 1716 -- 6 February 1783), more commonly known as Capability Brown, was an English landscape architect.	Capability Brown	6 February 1783
date of death	Otto Landsberg (4 December 1869 -- 9 December 1957) was a German jurist, politician and diplomat.	Otto Landsberg	9 December 1957
date of death	In November 1945, Mefail Shehu was killed in an ambush with his remaining soldiers by the partisans.	Mefail Shehu	1945
date of death	Manuel Moral y Vega (16 March 1865 - 7 November 1913) was a Portuguese photographer and publisher active in early twentieth-century Peru.	Manuel Moral y Vega	7 November 1913
date of death	Jens Falkenberg (6 May 1875 -- 26 March 1963) was a Norwegian equestrian.	Jens Falkenberg	26 March 1963
date of death	Waratton, Waratto, or Warato (died 686) was the mayor of the palace of Neustria and Burgundy on two occasions, owing to the deposition he experienced at the hands of his own faithless son.	Waratton	686
date of death	Edward Upham (1776--1834) was an English bookseller, antiquarian and orientalist.	Edward Upham	1834
date of death	Des Hackett (1925 -- 7 August 1998) was an Australian naturalist.	Des Hackett	1998
date of death	Joseph Clemens (9 December 1862 -- 21 January 1936) was an American Methodist Episcopalian chaplain, missionary and plant collector who served and worked in South East Asia and elsewhere.	Joseph Clemens	21 January 1936
date of death	Peter Stent (c. 1613--1665) was a seventeenth-century London printseller, who from the early 1640s until his death ran one of the biggest printmaking businesses of the day.	Peter Stent	1665
date of death	Carl Wahlbom (1810--1858) was a Swedish military artist.	Carl Wahlbom	1858
date of death	Álvaro Obregón Tapia (18 December 1916--27 September 1993) was a Mexican political figure who served as governor of the northwestern border state of Sonora from 1955 to 1961.	Álvaro Obregón Tapia	27 September 1993
date of death	James Mursell (1893--1963) wrote extensively about music education and the use of music in a classroom setting.	James Mursell	1963
date of death	Pomeroy Wills Powers, known as P.W. Powers, (1853--1916) was an attorney and property developer in Kansas City, Kansas, and Los Angeles, California, where he was president of the City Council in 1900--02.	Pomeroy Wills Powers	1916
date of death	Charles Edward Davis (1827--1902) was an English architect and antiquary.	Charles Edward Davis	1902
date of death	Melek Amet (4 October 1960 - 22 May 2008) was one of the best rated models of the eighties in Communist Romania.	Melek Amet	22 May 2008
date of death	Hugo Birger (born Hugo Birger Peterson) (12 January 1854 -- 17 June 1887) was a Swedish painter.	Hugo Birger	17 June 1887
date of death	Sir Thomas Chamberlayne, 2nd Baronet (c. 1635--1682) of Wickham and of Northbrooke, Oxfordshire.	Sir Thomas Chamberlayne, 2nd Baronet	1682
date of death	Lord Henry George Charles Gordon-Lennox PC (2 November 1821 -- 29 August 1886), known as Lord Henry Lennox, was a British Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1846 to 1885 and was a close friend of Benjamin Disraeli.	Lord Henry Lennox	29 August 1886
date of death	Shahzada Kashmira Singh Bahadur (1821 - 7 May 1844) was the sixth son of Ranjit Singh, Maharaja of Sikh Empire.	Kashmira Singh	7 May 1844
date of death	Jogendra Nath Mandal ( Bengali: যোগেন্দ্রনাথ মণ্ডল; 29 January 1904 -- 5 October 1968), was one of the central and leading Founding Fathers of modern state of Pakistan, and legislator serving as country's first minister of law and labour, and also was second minister of commonwealth and Kashmir affairs.	Jogendra Nath Mandal	5 October 1968
date of death	Andrew Petrie (1798 - 20 February 1872) was a pioneer, architect and builder in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Andrew Petrie	20 February 1872
date of death	Albrecht Kauw (1621--1681) was a Swiss still-life painter, cartographer and a painter of vedute.	Albrecht Kauw	1681
date of death	Dr. Dixie Tan died at Singapore General Hospital on 23 April 2014, aged 78, following a two-month illness with brain cancer.	Dixie Tan	23 April 2014
date of death	Matilda Moldenhauer Brooks (1888--1981) is best remembered for her 1932 discovery that the staining compound methylene blue is an antidote to carbon monoxide and cyanide poisoning.	Matilda Moldenhauer Brooks	1981
date of death	Warren Stanford Stone (1 February 1860 - 12 June 1925) was a railway worker who rose to head the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers in the United States from 1903 to 1925.	Warren Stanford Stone	12 June 1925
date of death	Pierre Macret (1727--1796) was a well-known Parisian cabinetmaker (ébéniste).	Pierre Macret	1796
date of death	Thomas Cheseman or Baker (ca. 1488--1536 or later) was an English politician.	Thomas Cheseman	1536
date of death	Gerald Savory (17 November 1909 -- 9 February 1996) was an English playwright and screenwriter specialising in comedies.	Gerald Savory	9 February 1996
date of death	William Abernethy Drummond (called Abernethy; 1719?--1809), was a bishop of Edinburgh.	William Abernethy Drummond	1809
date of death	Thomas Pole (13 October 1753 -- 28 September 1829) was an American-born English physician and writer.	Thomas Pole	1829
date of death	Senkodi immolated herself in front of the Tahsil office at Kancheepuram at 5.45 p.m, 28-08-2011.	Senkodi	2011
date of death	Captain Charles Bampfield Yule, R.N. (1806--1 November 1878 at Anderton, Cornwall) was an explorer and author of the Admiralty Australia Directory.	Charles Bampfield Yule	1878
date of death	Chen Lanbin (Traditional Chinese: 陳蘭彬; Simplified Chinese: 陈兰彬; Hanyu Pinyin: Chén Lánbīn) (1816--1895), courtesy name Li Qiu (荔秋) was the first Chinese Minister to the United States during the Qing Dynasty.	Chen Lanbin	1895
date of death	Eliyahu Meridor (Hebrew: אליהו מרידור‎, 20 July 1914 -- 16 October 1966) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Herut and Gahal from 1959 until his death in 1966.	Eliyahu Meridor	16 October 1966
date of death	Fred Stansfield (12 December 1917 -- 30 March 2014) was a Welsh international footballer.	Fred Stansfield	30 March 2014
date of death	Isaac Barré (1726 -- 20 July 1802) was an Irish soldier and politician.	Isaac Barré	20 July 1802
date of death	Hughie Callan (26 December 1881 -- 5 February 1917) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Essendon and South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Hughie Callan	5 February 1917
date of death	George Ashburnham, 3rd Earl of Ashburnham, KG, GCH, FSA (25 December 1760 -- 27 October 1830) was a British peer.	George Ashburnham, 3rd Earl of Ashburnham	27 October 1830
date of death	Paul Jousse (died 1945) was a South African white trader in Bechuanaland.	Paul Jousse	1945
date of death	James Chamberlain Baker (June 2, 1879 -- 1969) was an American Bishop of the Methodist Episcopal Church, The Methodist Church, and the United Methodist Church, elected in 1928.	James Chamberlain Baker	1969
date of death	P. K. Manthri (real name P. K. Manthri Kumaran) (31 May 1933 -- 6 December 1984) was an Indian cartoonist.	P. K. Manthri	6 December 1984
date of death	Cyryl Ratajski (3 March 1875, in Zalesie Wielkie -- 19 October 1942, in Warsaw) was a Polish politician and lawyer.	Cyryl Ratajski	19 October 1942
date of death	Joseph Parslow (22 March 1812 -- 4 October 1898) was an English manservant, who worked as butler for the English naturalist Charles Darwin for over thirty years.	Joseph Parslow	4 October 1898
date of death	Anne Sutherland-Leveson-Gower, Duchess of Sutherland VA (21 April 1829 -- 25 November 1888), 1st Countess of Cromartie in her own right and known as the Marchioness of Stafford from 1849 to 1861, was a British peeress.	Anne Sutherland-Leveson-Gower, Duchess of Sutherland	25 November 1888
date of death	Lotte Toberentz, born Maria Charlotte Toberentz (May 27, 1900 -- after January 1964) was the head overseer of the Uckermark concentration camp for girls in its early years.	Lotte Toberentz	January 1964
date of death	Percy Holmes (25 November 1886 -- 3 September 1971) was an English first-class cricketer, who played for Yorkshire and England.	Percy Holmes	3 September 1971
date of death	Mirza Bashir Ahmad (1893--1963) was an Ahmadiyya scholar and writer, and a son of Mirza Ghulam Ahmad, the founder of the Ahmadiyya movement who had claimed to be the promised Messiah and Mahdi awaited by Muslims.	Mirza Bashir Ahmad	1963
date of death	Richard Norris Wolfenden (1854-1926) was an English physician and oceanographer	Richard Norris Wolfenden	1926
date of death	Charlie Doherty (23 January 1876 -- 5 March 1961) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Charlie Doherty	5 March 1961
date of death	David Younghusband (1883--1965) was a residential architect and building contractor in Ottawa, Canada.	David Younghusband	1965
date of death	Johann Peter Alexander Wagner (26 February 17301--7 January 1809) was a German rococo sculptor.	Johann Peter Alexander Wagner	7 January 1809
date of death	Israel ben Meir di Curiel (1501--1573) was an influential 16th-century rabbi at Safed, Ottoman Palestine.	Israel ben Meir di Curiel	1573
date of death	Zhang Hongjie (1979--2004), also known as Steffi Zhang was a 25-year-old Chinese University of Canberra communications student found murdered in her flat in Belconnen in January 2005.	Zhang Hongjie	2004
date of death	Shmuel Dayan (Hebrew: שמואל דיין‎; 8 August 1891 -- 11 August 1968) was a Zionist activist during the British Mandate of Palestine and an Israeli politician who served in the first three Knessets.	Shmuel Dayan	11 August 1968
date of death	Peter Dowds (1871 -- 2 September 1895) was a Scottish footballer who played in the Football League for Aston Villa and Stoke.	Peter Dowds	1895
date of death	Sebastiano Ceccarini (1703--1783), born in Fano, was an Italian Baroque painter.	Sebastiano Ceccarini	1783
date of death	William McCance (1894--1970) was a Scottish artist, and was second Controller of the Gregynog Press in Powys, mid-Wales.	William McCance	1970
date of death	Furneaux Cook (1839 -- 19 January 1903), born John Furneaux Cook, was an English opera singer and actor best known for baritone roles in the comic operas of Gilbert and Sullivan and Alfred Cellier on the London stage.	Furneaux Cook	19 January 1903
date of death	Johannes Eccard (1553--1611) was a German composer and kapellmeister.	Johannes Eccard	1611
date of death	Nicholas I Sanudo (or Niccolò; died 1341) was the fifth Duke of the Archipelago from 1323 to his death.	Nicholas I Sanudo	1341
date of death	Giuseppe De Notaris (18 April 1805, Milan -- 22 January 1877) was an Italian botanist generally known for his work with cryptogams native to Italy.	Giuseppe De Notaris	22 January 1877
date of death	Kjeld Bonfils (b. Copenhagen, August 23, 1918 -- 1984) was a Danish jazz pianist and vibraphone player.	Kjeld Bonfils	1984
date of death	James Watson Corder (1867--1953) is a historian best remembered for documenting family history in Sunderland, Tyne and Wear, England.	James Watson Corder	1953
date of death	Brian Kuttner (11 April 1908 London, England -- 2 January 1992 Birmingham, England) was an English mathematician who worked on Fourier Series.	Brian Kuttner	2 January 1992
date of death	Thomas Melvill(e) (1726 -- December 1753) was a Scottish natural philosopher, who was active in the fields of spectroscopy and astronomy.	Thomas Melvill	December 1753
date of death	Sir Brook Bridges, 1st Baronet, FRS (12 August 1679 - 16 March 1728) was a British barrister.	Sir Brook Bridges, 1st Baronet	16 March 1728
date of death	Isabella of Cyprus, also known as Isabelle de Lusignan (born before March, 1216 or after 1216 -- 1264), was the Princess of Antioch by her marriage.	Isabella of Cyprus	1264
date of death	Count Johan Adam Cronstedt (12 December 1749 in Stockholm -- 21 February 1836 in Stockholm) was a Swedish Lieutenant General and governor of Östergötland County.	Johan Adam Cronstedt	21 February 1836
date of death	Graham Rathbone (22 August 1942 -- 8 January 2012) was a Welsh professional footballer.	Graham Rathbone	8 January 2012
date of death	Ilm-ud-din (4 December 1908 -- 31 October 1929) was a Muslim who murdered a blasphemous book publisher named Mahashe Rajpal for publishing the book Rangila Rasul, that offended religious values of Muslims.	Ilm-ud-din	1929
date of death	Kurt von Wessely, also Curt von Wessely, (German pronunciation: (kʊʁt fɔn vɛsəlɪ); d. 25 October 1917), was an Austrian tennis player who was active during the beginning of the 20th century.	Kurt von Wessely	25 October 1917
date of death	Mohammed Karim (1896 -- 1972) (Arabic: محمد كريم‎) was an Egyptian film director, writer, and producer.	Mohammed Karim	1972
date of death	Charles Warne (1802 -- 11 April 1887) was an English antiquarian and archæologist.	Charles Warne	1887
date of death	General William Wemyss of Wemyss (9 April 1760 -- 30 November 1852) was a Scottish soldier in the British Army and Member of Parliament.	William Wemyss	30 November 1852
date of death	Arthur Lionel Smith (1850 -- 12 April 1924) was a British historian at the University of Oxford.	Arthur Lionel Smith	12 April 1924
date of death	Rim Kin(Khmer: រីម គីន) (1911--1959) was a Cambodian writer, and one of the founders of Cambodian modern literature.	Rim Kin	1959
date of death	Charles Kassler Jr (September 9, 1897, Denver, Colorado--April 3, 1979, San Diego, California) was a painter, printmaker, and lithographer.	Charles Kassler	1979
date of death	Saints Castus and Emilius (died 250 AD) are venerated as saints and martyrs by the Eastern Orthodox and Roman Catholic Churches.	Castus and Emilius	250
date of death	Thomas Spring of Castlemaine (died 1597) was an English Protestant soldier, landowner and Constable of Castlemaine in County Kerry, Ireland.	Thomas Spring of Castlemaine	1597
date of death	DeCoursey Fales (1888--1966) was a lawyer, banker, collector, bibliophile and yachtsman.	DeCoursey Fales	1966
date of death	Ashraf Marwan (Arabic: أشرف مروان‎) (2 February 1944 -- 27 June 2007) was an Egyptian billionaire and alleged spy for Israel, or possibly an Egyptian double agent.	Ashraf Marwan	27 June 2007
date of death	August Heinrich Ferdinand Tegetmeyer (14 March 1844 Leipzig - 31 May 1912) was a German illustrator and engraver who provided the images for a large number of publications.	August Heinrich Ferdinand Tegetmeyer	31 May 1912
date of death	Major Edward Hay Mackenzie Elliot (30 November 1852 -- 5 December 1920) was a British soldier who served as Private Secretary to David Boyle, 7th Earl of Glasgow while he was Governor of New Zealand in the 1890s.	Edward Hay Mackenzie Elliot	5 December 1920
date of death	Sigurd Syr (Old Norse: Sigurðr Sýr) (died ca. 1018) was a Norwegian petty king of Ringerike, a region in Buskerud.	Sigurd Syr	1018
date of death	Abraham of Arbela (died c. 348) (also known as Abramius) was a bishop of Arbela in Assyria.	Abraham of Arbela	348
date of death	Lucien Wulsin III (1916--2009) was a lawyer, entrepreneur, banker, arts advocate, university trustee and erstwhile performer.	Lucien Wulsin III	2009
date of death	Nicholas Cresswell (5 January 1750 -- 26 July 1804) was an English diarist.	Nicholas Cresswell	26 July 1804
date of death	Antonis Katsantonis (Greek: Αντώνης Κατσαντώνης; c. 1775--1808) was a notable Greek klepht who lived in the era before the Greek War of Independence.	Antonis Katsantonis	1808
date of death	June Wandrey Mann (1920--2005) was a First Lieutenant in the U.S. Army Nurse Corps from Wautoma, Wisconsin.	June Wandrey	2005
date of death	Eivind Groven (8 October 1901 -- 8 February 1977) was a Norwegian microtonal composer and music-theorist.	Eivind Groven	8 February 1977
date of death	Mahaveer Prasad (Hindi: महावीर प्रसाद) (11 November 1939 -- 28 November 2010) was an Indian politician.	Mahaveer Prasad	28 November 2010
date of death	Khun Sa (Burmese: ခွန်ဆာ, pronounced: (kʰʊ̀ɴ sʰà)), also known as Chang Chi-fu (Chinese: 張奇夫; pinyin: Zhāng Qífú; Thai: จันทร์ จางตระกูล; rtgs: Chan Changtrakul; 17 February 1934 -- 26 October 2007) was a Shan warlord.	Khun Sa	26 October 2007
date of death	An Dehai (Chinese: 安德海; pinyin: Ān Déhǎi; Wade--Giles: An Te-hai, 1844 -- 12 September 1869) was a palace eunuch at the imperial court of the Qing dynasty.	An Dehai	12 September 1869
date of death	Prof Samuel Newby Curle FRSE (1930-1989) was a notable British mathematician.	Samuel Newby Curle	1989
date of death	Barry Albin-Dyer OBE (2 February 1951 -- 6 June 2015) was an undertaker whose firm Albin and Sons were known for their work repatriating the bodies of servicemen killed in Iraq and Afghanistan.	Barry Albin-Dyer	6 June 2015
date of death	Yusuf Warsame Saeed (Somali: Yuusuf Warsame Saiid; Arabic: يوسف ارسام سعيد‎; died 7 April 2013) was a Somali politician.	Yusuf Warsame Saeed	7 April 2013
date of death	Al-Mu'ayyad Ahmad (944 - 1020) was an imam of the Zaydiyyah sect.	Al-Mu'ayyad Ahmad	1020
date of death	James Bell Pettigrew, MD FRS FRSE FRCPE (26 May 1834 -- 30 January 1908) was a Scottish naturalist and museum curator.	James Bell Pettigrew	30 January 1908
date of death	Dr. Thomas Wrigley Grimshaw , CB (16 November 1839 -- 23 January 1900) was an Irish physician and surgeon who became Registrar General for Ireland from 1879 to 1900.	Thomas Wrigley Grimshaw	23 January 1900
date of death	Pietro Morgari (1852, Turin - 1885, London) was an Italian painter, primarily of portraits.	Pietro Morgari	1885
date of death	Alexander Agricola (/əˈɡrɪkələ/; born Alexander Ackerman; 1445 or 1446 -- 15 August 1506) was a Netherlandish composer of the Renaissance writing in the Franco-Flemish style.	Alexander Agricola	15 August 1506
date of death	King Soane Patita Maituku (1947?-) was the Tu'i Agaifo of the Kingdom of Alo from November 2002 until February 19, 2008, when he was deposed as the result of a unanimous decision taken by the kingdom's four chiefly clans.	Soane Patita Maituku	2008
date of death	Sheyh Hamid-i Vali (1331--1412), better known by his sobriquet Somuncu Baba, was an ascetic teacher of Islam in Bursa, Turkey, who exerted extensive influence and is known as a Muslim saint.	Somuncu Baba	1412
date of death	José Manuel Restrepo Vélez (30 December 1781 -- 1 April 1863) was an investigator of Colombian flora, political figure and historian.	José Manuel Restrepo Vélez	1 April 1863
date of death	Jean Abraham Grill (21 July 1736 -- 12 March 1792), sometimes called Johan Abraham Grill, was a Swedish merchant, supercargo, director of the Swedish East India Company (SOIC) and ironmaster at Godegård with several factories.	Jean Abraham Grill	12 March 1792
date of death	Jared Sidney Torrance (1853--1921) was an American real estate developer, best known as the founder of Torrance in southwest Los Angeles County, California.	Jared Sidney Torrance	1921
date of death	Marten Heemskerck van der Heck (1620, Alkmaar -- 1660, Alkmaar), was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Marten Heemskerck van der Heck	1660
date of death	Richard Rushton (18 September 1902 -- 1981), sometimes known as Dick Rushton, was an English footballer who made 62 appearances in the Football League playing for Lincoln City, Barnsley, Bury and Swindon Town.	Richard Rushton	1981
date of death	Ludwig Dessoir, original name Leopold Dessauer (15 December 1810 -- 30 December 1874) was a German actor born in Posen, the son of a Jewish tradesman.	Ludwig Dessoir	30 December 1874
date of death	Vice Admiral Francis Hosier (1673--1727) was a British naval officer.	Francis Hosier	1727
date of death	Ray Garby (16 January 1923 -- 14 March 2009) is a former Australian rules footballer in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Ray Garby	14 March 2009
date of death	Lieutenant Bolesław Kontrym (Zatruka, Russian Empire, 27 August 1898 -- 20 January 1953, Warsaw, Poland), also known by codenames Żmudzin, Biały, Bielski and Cichocki, was a Polish Army officer, a Home Army soldier, participant in the Warsaw Uprising and organizer of underground secret-police force Cichociemni.	Bolesław Kontrym	20 January 1953
date of death	Syahrir (24 February 1945 -- 28 July 2008) was a prominent Indonesian political economist.	Syahrir	28 July 2008
date of death	Peter Jarman died on 23 July 2007, aged 72 (not 75 as some sources quote), and his funeral was on 6 August in Poole.	Peter Jarman	23 July 2007
date of death	William Conyers, 1st Baron Conyers (21 December 1468 -- 14 April 1524), also known as William Conyers of Hornby, was an English baron and aristocrat.	William Conyers, 1st Baron Conyers	14 April 1524
date of death	Des Hoysted (1923 -- 25 March 2010) was an Australian radio broadcaster and horse racing identity.	Des Hoysted	25 March 2010
date of death	Zunduin Khangal (Mongolian: Зундуйн Хангал) (1948--1996) was a Mongolian classical composer of European music.	Zunduin Khangal	1996
date of death	Ferid Džanić (1918 -- 17 September 1943) was a Bosniak soldier during World War II who was killed in southern France at age 25 during an anti-German rebellion.	Ferid Džanić	17 September 1943
date of death	Jan Prins (14 May 1944 in Zaandam -- 7 March 2008 in The Hague) was a Dutch newspaper editor and journalist.	Jan Prins	7 March 2008
date of death	Æthelred the Unready, or Æthelred II, (c. 968--23 April 1016) was King of the English (978--1013 and 1014--1016).	Æthelred the Unready	23 April 1016
date of death	William Keasberry (1726 -- 15 November 1797), sometimes spelt Keasbury, was an English actor and theatre manager of the 18th century whose career was chiefly in Bath, Somerset.	William Keasberry	15 November 1797
date of death	Sir Alfred William Flux CB (8 April 1867 -- 16 July 1942) was a British economist and statistician.	Alfred William Flux	16 July 1942
date of death	Ameyo Adadevoh (born Ameyo Stella Shade Adadevoh; 27 October 1956 -- 19 August 2014) was a Nigerian physician.	Ameyo Adadevoh	19 August 2014
date of death	Sir James Macklin, DL, JP (23 September 1864 -- 17 April 1944) was an English jeweller and farmer, active in public life in Wiltshire.	James Macklin	17 April 1944
date of death	Baron Charles de Biencourt de Saint-Just (1591 or 1592, Champagne, France -- 1623 or 1624, Port-Royal of what was then Acadia, New France) was a member of the French nobility and military officer.	Charles de Biencourt de Saint-Just	1623
date of death	Johann Friedrich Klöffler (20 April 1725 -- 21 February 1790) was a German conductor, composer, and administrator.	Johann Friedrich Klöffler	21 February 1790
date of death	Jack Lipsham (born 1881, Chester; died 1959) is a former English footballer.	Jack Lipsham	1959
date of death	Henry Foot (21 November 1805 -- 14 May 1857) was an English-born cricketer who played for Victoria.	Henry Foot	14 May 1857
date of death	Martin Grünberg (* 1655, Insterburg, then in East Prussia, now in Russia -- between 16 and 23 October 1706 or 1707) was a German architect and master builder.	Martin Grünberg	1707
date of death	Sir Philip St Clere (died 16 May 1408) was a son of Sir Philip St Clere and Joan de Audley.	Sir Philip St Clere	16 May 1408
date of death	Leanna Field Driftmier (1886--1976) was an American radio personality and writer based in Shenandoah, Iowa.	Leanna Field Driftmier	1976
date of death	Otto von Fürth (18 November 1867 -- 7 June 1938) was an Austrian physician, physiologist and biochemist.	Otto von Fürth	7 June 1938
date of death	Fernando da Guerra (c. 1390 -- 26 September 1467) was a Portuguese ecclesiastic.	Fernando da Guerra	26 September 1467
date of death	Abraham Aurelius (1575 -- 1632) was an English pastor of the French Protestant church in London.	Abraham Aurelius	1632
date of death	John Bartlow Martin (Hamilton, Ohio, 4 August 1915 - 3 January 1987) was an American diplomat, author of 15 books, Ambassador, and speechwriter and confidant to many American Democratic politicians including Adlai Stevenson, John F. Kennedy, Robert F. Kennedy, Lyndon B. Johnson, and Hubert Humphrey.	John Bartlow Martin	3 January 1987
date of death	Thích Huyền Quang (19 September 1919 -- 5 July 2008) was a Vietnamese Buddhist monk, dissident and activist.	Thích Huyền Quang	5 July 2008
date of death	Rodrigo Gómez (died 1146) was a Castilian nobleman and military leader under Alfonso VII. He governed large parts of Asturias and northern Castile, was involved in the politics with neighbouring Navarre, to whose royal family he was related by marriage, and took part in the Reconquista.	Rodrigo Gómez	1146
date of death	Diwakar Krushna Kelkar (Devanagari: दिवाकर कृष्ण केळकर) (1902 -- 1973) was a Marathi writer from Maharashtra, India.	Diwakar Krushna Kelkar	1973
date of death	Josephus Flavius Cook (1838--1901), commonly known as Joseph Cook, was an American philosophical lecturer, a descendant of Pilgrims who started his ascent to fame by way of Monday noon prayer meetings in Tremont Temple in Boston that for more than twenty years were among the city's greatest attractions.	Josephus Flavius Cook	1901
date of death	Ezra Norton (8 April 1897 -- 4 January 1967) was an Australian newspaper baron and businessman.	Ezra Norton	4 January 1967
date of death	John R. Sweney (1837--1899) was born in West Chester, Pennsylvania., December 31, 1837.	John R. Sweney	1899
date of death	Margaretha Sandra (1629 in Middelburg -- 1674 in Aardenburg, Zeeland), was a Dutch heroine, known for participation in the defence of Aardenburg during the siege of the French in 1672.	Margaretha Sandra	1674
date of death	Patrick Hepburn, 1st Earl of Bothwell (died 18 October 1508) was Lord High Admiral of Scotland.	Patrick Hepburn, 1st Earl of Bothwell	18 October 1508
date of death	Dan Muller aka Daniel Cody Muller (1889--1976), artist, illustrator and writer of the American West;	Dan Muller	1976
date of death	Charles Sidney Leary (November 2, 1889 -- 1950) was an English-born lumberman and political figure in British Columbia.	Charles Sidney Leary	1950
date of death	Empress Dou Miao (Chinese: 竇妙; died 172), formally Empress Huansi (literally, ``the diligent and deep-thinking empress''), was an empress during Han Dynasty.	Empress Dou Miao	172
date of death	Giovanni Battista Tolomei, S.J., (3 December 1653 -- 19 January 1726) was an Italian Jesuit priest, theologian and cardinal.	Giovanni Battista Tolomei	19 January 1726
date of death	Frantz Oskar Mosfjeld (20 January 1896 -- 21 April 1977) was a Norwegian literary scholar known for his widely cited (in the field) opus magnum on Henrik Ibsen's biography, Henrik Ibsen og Skien:	Oskar Mosfjeld	21 April 1977
date of death	Lloyd Brevett OD (1 August 1931 -- 3 May 2012) was a Jamaican double bassist, songwriter, and a founding member of The Skatalites.	Lloyd Brevett	3 May 2012
date of death	Johann Heinrich Tobler (1777--1838) was a singer and composer of Appenzell Ausserrhoden, active in the formative period of Switzerland as a federal state.	Johann Heinrich Tobler	1838
date of death	Berto Poosen (27 February 1944 -- 26 February 2012) was a Belgian volleyball player.	Berto Poosen	26 February 2012
date of death	David Bellhouse (1764--1840) was an English builder who did much to shape Victorian era Manchester, both physically and socially.	David Bellhouse	1840
date of death	Braccio da Montone (1 July 1368 -- 5 June 1424), born Andrea Fortebracci, and also known as Braccio Fortebraccio, was an Italian condottiero.	Braccio da Montone	5 June 1424
date of death	Amnon Carmeli (Hebrew: אמנון כרמלי‎, born 22 August 1929, died 4 December 1993) was a former Israeli footballer who played for Maccabi Petah Tikva, scoring the club's winning goal in the 1952 State Cup final.	Amnon Carmeli	4 December 1993
date of death	Campbell Drummond Riddell (9 January 1796 -- 1858) was an Australian Colonial public servant who served as Colonial Treasurer.	Campbell Drummond Riddell	1858
date of death	Humphrey Bowman (1879--1965) worked in the Education Departments in the British Protectorates in Egypt from 1903 to 1911 and Sudan from 1911 to 1913.	Humphrey Bowman	1965
date of death	Erwin Bälz (13 January 1849 -- 31 August 1913) was a German internist, anthropologist, personal physician to the Japanese Imperial Family and cofounder of modern western medicine in Japan.	Erwin Bälz	31 August 1913
date of death	Ben Zion Hyman (1891 - 1984) was a Canadian Jewish bookseller.	Ben Zion Hyman	1984
date of death	Dick Pointer (before 1778 -- 1827) was an American frontier hero and an African slave.	Dick Pointer	1827
date of death	Eduard Hempel (born 6 June 1887 , Pirna died 12 November 1972 Gundelfingen) was a German diplomat.	Eduard Hempel	12 November 1972
date of death	George Weston Wrigley (24 June 1847 -- 14 January 1907) was a Canadian journalist and social reformer.	George Weston Wrigley	14 January 1907
date of death	John de St Paul (c. 1295 -- 1362), also known as John de Owston and John de Ouston, was Archbishop of Dublin 1349--62 and Lord Chancellor of Ireland 1350--56.	John de St Paul	1362
date of death	Joseph Matthäus Aigner (18 January 1818 -- 19 February 1886) was an Austrian portrait painter, who studied under Friedrich von Amerling and Carl Rahl.	Joseph Matthäus Aigner	19 February 1886
date of death	Michał Weinzieher (born 1 June 1903 in Będzin, Russian Empire, Polish lands of the Russian Partition; d. April 1944 in Kraków) was a Polish art historian and art critic, museologist, and separately also a writer on constitutional law (known for his studies of the thought of Leon Petrazycki).	Michał Weinzieher	April 1944
date of death	Tony Biever (1908 -- 1990) was a Luxembourgish politician for the Christian Social People's Party (CSV) and jurist.	Tony Biever	1990
date of death	William Fanshawe (1583 -- 4 March 1634) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1614 and 1625.	William Fanshawe	4 March 1634
date of death	Simon Peter Tilemann (1601, Lemgo -- 1668, Vienna), was a German Baroque painter who was active Bremen, Kassel and Italy.	Simon Peter Tilemann	1668
date of death	Sir Edward Horsey (1525 -- 21 March 1583) was a conspirator against Queen Mary, then a soldier, ambassador and courtier under Queen Elizabeth.	Edward Horsey	21 March 1583
date of death	Nicholas Greaves, D.D. (1605?--1673) was an English churchman who was Dean of Dromore cathedral, County Down.	Nicholas Greaves	1673
date of death	Peter Smart (1569-1652?) was an Anglican Puritan clergyman, kept imprisoned for 12 years after he preached against innovations in the ceremonies at Durham Cathedral.	Peter Smart	1652
date of death	William Holden Hutton (24 May 1860 -- 24 October 1930) was a British historian and a priest of the Church of England.	William Holden Hutton	24 October 1930
date of death	Antonio Fontanesi (23 February 1818 -- 17 April 1882) was an Italian painter who lived in Meiji period Japan between 1876 and 1878.	Antonio Fontanesi	17 April 1882
date of death	Michelangelo Maestri was an Italian artist of the 18th century who died in Rome in 1812.	Michelangelo Maestri	1812
date of death	Einar Fredrik Åke Tinius Nagell-Erichsen (15 February 1934 -- 12 November 2007) was a Norwegian publisher, noted for his leadership of the Schibsted media conglomerate which includes the broadsheet newspaper Aftenposten and the tabloid Verdens gang.	Tinius Nagell-Erichsen	12 November 2007
date of death	Duke William of Württemberg (German: Herzog Wilhelm Nikolaus von Württemberg; 20 July 1828 -- 5 November 1896) was an Austrian and Württemberg General.	Duke William of Württemberg	5 November 1896
date of death	Park Gil-ra (Korean: 박길라; 1965 -- 1986) was a South Korean talent and singer.	Park Gil-ra	1986
date of death	Bill Drew (7 February 1890 -- 30 July 1955) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Bill Drew	30 July 1955
date of death	Sidney Edwards Morse (7 February 1794 Charlestown, Massachusetts - 24 December 1871 New York City) was a U.S. inventor, geographer and journalist.	Sidney Edwards Morse	24 December 1871
date of death	Georg Fritze (1 August 1874 -- 3 January 1939) was a German theologian, Protestant pastor, religious socialist and an anti-fascist.	Georg Fritze	3 January 1939
date of death	William Ashburnham, 2nd Baron Ashburnham (21 May 1679 -- 16 June 1710) was an English landowner and politician.	William Ashburnham, 2nd Baron Ashburnham	16 June 1710
date of death	Giovanni Ghiselli (15 November 1934 -- 26 February 1997) was an Italian sprinter who won three gold medals in one edition of Mediterranean Games.	Giovanni Ghiselli	26 February 1997
date of death	Adeniran Ogunsanya, QC, SAN (31 January 1918 -- 22 November 1996) was a Nigerian lawyer and politician.	Adeniran Ogunsanya	22 November 1996
date of death	Růžena Vacková (23 April 1901 Velké Meziříčí -- 14 December 1982 Prague) was a Czech art historian and theoritician, theatre critic and pedagogue.	Růžena Vacková	14 December 1982
date of death	Rani Mangammal (1689--1704) was a queen regent on behalf of her grandson, in the Madurai Nayak kingdom in present day Madurai, India, towards the end of the century.	Mangammal	1704
date of death	John Swaine (26 June 1775 -- 25 November 1860), was an English draughtsman and engraver.	John Swaine	25 November 1860
date of death	Hugh Tyrrel (Anglo-Norman: Huge Tyrel; died 1199) was an Anglo-Norman noble and crusader; he played a prominent part in the Norman invasion of Ireland, became the first baron of Castleknock and took part in the Third Crusade.	Hugh Tyrrel	1199
date of death	Francis Berry (23 March 1915 -- 10 October 2006) was a British academic, poet, critic and translator.	Francis Berry	10 October 2006
date of death	John Lemon (6 November 1754 -- 5 April 1814) was a British Whig Member of Parliament.	John Lemon	5 April 1814
date of death	Hong Tianguifu (simplified Chinese: 洪天贵福; traditional Chinese: 洪天貴福; pinyin: Hóng Tiānguìfú) (23 November 1849 -- 18 November 1864), also called Hong Tiangui and in Qing historical record, Hong Futian (洪福瑱 Hóng Fútiàn), was the second and last king of the Heavenly Kingdom of Taiping.	Hong Tianguifu	18 November 1864
date of death	Banesh Hoffmann (6 September 1906 -- 5 August 1986) was a British mathematician and physicist known for his association with Albert Einstein.	Banesh Hoffmann	5 August 1986
date of death	Carel van Savoyen (1619--1665), also known as Carlo da Savoia, was a Flemish painter of the Baroque period.	Carel van Savoyen	1665
date of death	Alexander Francis Lydon (/ˈlaɪdən/; 1836--1917) was an English watercolour artist, illustrator and engraver of natural history and landscapes.	Alexander Francis Lydon	1917
date of death	Lionel Régal (21 July 1975 -- 15 August 2010) was a French hillclimbing racer.	Lionel Régal	15 August 2010
date of death	Moshe Ben-Ze'ev (Hebrew: משה בן זאב‎) (1911 -- 1995) was an Israeli jurist who served as Attorney General between 1963 and 1968.	Moshe Ben-Ze'ev	1995
date of death	Henri Bacry (1928--2010) was Professor Emeritus at the Université de la Méditerranée.	Henri Bacry	2010
date of death	Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Janvier Woodward (1833--1884), commonly known as J. J. Woodward, served in the U.S. Civil War as Army Assistant Surgeon and produced several publications on war-related diseases.	Joseph Janvier Woodward	1884
date of death	Sir Hugh Myddelton (or Middleton), 1st Baronet (1560 -- 10 December 1631) was a Welsh clothmaker, entrepreneur, mine-owner, goldsmith, banker and self-taught engineer.	Hugh Myddelton	10 December 1631
date of death	Ella Mary Leather (1876--1928) was a collector of the local folklore and songs of Herefordshire.	Ella Mary Leather	1928
date of death	Thomas Isaac Mardy Jones (21 January 1879 -- 26 August 1970) was a British politician and miner.	Thomas Isaac Mardy Jones	26 August 1970
date of death	On the morning of 23 January 1929 Arthur Desmond suffered a stroke in his apartment at 1353 North Clark Street, just a few blocks north of the Newberry Library.	Arthur Desmond	23 January 1929
date of death	Hilary Shuard CBE (14 November 1928 -- 24 December 1992) was an internationally known expert on mathematics in primary schools.	Hilary Shuard	24 December 1992
date of death	William Campbell Steere (1907-1989) was an American botanist known as an expert on bryophytes (mosses, liverworts, and hornworts), especially arctic and tropical American species.	William Campbell Steere	1989
date of death	Rev. John Keep (20 April 1781 -- 11 February 1870) was a trustee of Oberlin College from 1834 to 1870.	John Keep	1870
date of death	Helmuth Koinigg (3 November 1948 -- 6 October 1974) was an Austrian racing driver who died in a crash in the 1974 United States Grand Prix, only his second Grand Prix start.	Helmuth Koinigg	6 October 1974
date of death	Flora Finch (17 June 1867 -- 4 January 1940) was an English-born film actress who starred in over 300 silent films, including over 200 for the Vitagraph Studios film company.	Flora Finch	4 January 1940
date of death	Christofer Rutger Ludvig Manderström (22 January 1806 - 18 August 1873) was the Swedish - Norwegian Prime Minister of Foreign Affairs between 1858-1868.	Ludvig Manderström	18 August 1873
date of death	Bartholomæus Deichman (9 August 1671 -- 13 April 1731) was a Danish/Norwegian clergyman and book collector.	Bartholomæus Deichman	13 April 1731
date of death	Sir Herbert Croft, 1st Baronet (ca. 1651 -- 3 November 1720) was the only son of the Right Reverend Herbert Croft, Bishop of Hereford and Anne Browne, the only daughter of the Very Rev. Dr. Jonathan Browne and Anne Barne Lovelace.	Sir Herbert Croft, 1st Baronet	1720
date of death	Franciscus Patricius (Italian: Francesco Patrizi, Croatian: Franjo Petriš or Frane Petrić; 25 April 1529 -- 6 February 1597) was a philosopher and scientist from the Republic of Venice of Croatian descent.	Franciscus Patricius	6 February 1597
date of death	Lefevre James Cranstone (March 6, 1822 -- June 22, 1893) was an accomplished English artist known for his watercolor genre-style landscapes and oil paintings.	Lefevre James Cranstone	1893
date of death	Mehmet II of Karaman, Mehmed Beg (Turkish: Mehmet Bey), Mehmed Beg II, also known as Nasir al-Din Mehmed Beg ( ?- 1423) was the ruler (Turkish: bey) of Karaman in what is now modern Turkey in the 15th century.	Mehmet II of Karaman	1423
date of death	Frances Jennings Casement (1840--1928) was an American suffragette and voting advocate from Painesville, Ohio.	Frances Jennings Casement	1928
date of death	Charles Cooper Henderson (14 June 1803 -- 21 August 1877) was a British painter of horses and coaches.	Charles Cooper Henderson	21 August 1877
date of death	Henry Furnese (after 1688 -- 30 August 1756) was a British politician.	Henry Furnese	30 August 1756
date of death	Akaitcho (variants: Akaicho or Ekeicho; translation: ``Big-Foot'' or ``Big-Feet''; meaning: ``like a wolf with big paws, he can travel long distances over snow'') (ca. 1786-1838) was a Copper Indian, and Chief of the Yellowknives.	Akaitcho	1838
date of death	Mary Gordon Calder (c. 1906--1992) was a Scottish paleobotanist.	Mary Gordon Calder	1992
date of death	Reg Milburn (25 March 1927 -- 3 July 2002) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Reg Milburn	3 July 2002
date of death	Enos Bronson (1774--1823) was an American writer and newspaper publisher.	Enos Bronson	1823
date of death	Zhang Zhenshi 张振仕 (1914--1992) was a famous effigy painter and fine art educator in China.	Zhang Zhenshi	1992
date of death	Khan Bahadur Sir Ghulam Muhammad Ali Khan GCIE (1882--1952) was the fifth Prince of Arcot and ruled from 1903 to 1952.	Ghulam Muhammad Ali Khan	1952
date of death	Sir Antony Fisher (Antony George Anson Fisher, also nicknamed AGAF) (28 June 1915 -- 8 July 1988) was a British businessman and philanthropist.	Antony Fisher	8 July 1988
date of death	Fred Pierce Corson (11 April 1896 - 16 February 1985) was an American bishop of The Methodist Church and the United Methodist Church, elected in 1944.	Fred Pierce Corson	16 February 1985
date of death	Peter Hunter Blair (1912--September 1982) was an English academic and historian specializing in the Anglo-Saxon period.	Peter Hunter Blair	1982
date of death	Frith Banbury MBE (4 May 1912 -- 14 May 2008) was a British theatre actor and director.	Frith Banbury	14 May 2008
date of death	John Michael Montias (3 October 1928 -- 26 July 2005) was an economist and art historian, well known for his contributions to the economic history of Dutch Golden Age painting.	John Michael Montias	26 July 2005
date of death	Francis Constable (1592 -- 1 August 1647) was a London bookseller and publisher of the Jacobean and Caroline eras, noted for publishing a number of stage plays of English Renaissance drama.	Francis Constable	1 August 1647
date of death	Leopold II, Duke of Austria (1328 -- 10 August 1344), a member of the House of Habsburg, was the younger son of Duke Otto the Merry.	Leopold II, Duke of Austria	10 August 1344
date of death	Dr. Daniel Díaz Maynard (1934? -- 22 March 2007) was an Uruguayan lawyer and politician.	Daniel Díaz Maynard	22 March 2007
date of death	Hanns Georgi (21 September 1901 -- 23 October 1989) was a German painter, printmaker and book illustrator.	Hanns Georgi	23 October 1989
date of death	James Brolan (7 April 1964 -- 29 May 2006) was a British freelance journalist and television sound technician, who was killed while working for CBS News in Baghdad, Iraq.	James Brolan	29 May 2006
date of death	Domnall mac Ailpín (Modern Gaelic: Dòmhnall mac Ailpein, anglicised sometimes as Donald MacAlpin, known in most modern regnal lists as Donald I); (812 -- 13 April 862) was King of the Picts from 858 to 862.	Domnall mac Ailpín	13 April 862
date of death	Tekle Giyorgis II (Ge'ez ተክለ ጊዮርጊስ, ``Plant of Saint George'' born Wagshum Gobeze ዋግሹም ጎበዜ lit. ``Governor of Wag, my courageous one''; died 1873) was nəgusä nägäst (Emperor) of Ethiopia from 1868 to 1871.	Tekle Giyorgis II	1873
date of death	Ilija Gregorić (c. 1520 -- 1574) was a Croatian soldier, best known as the military commander of rebels during the Croatian and Slovenian peasant revolt of 1573.	Ilija Gregorić	1574
date of death	Mariano Noriel (1864 - January 27, 1915) was a Filipino general who fought during the Philippine Revolution and the Philippine-American War.	Mariano Noriel	1915
date of death	Ulf Fase (died 1247) was the jarl of Sweden c 1221-47.	Ulf Fase	1247
date of death	Sir Arthur Landsborough Thomson (8 October 1890 -- 9 June 1977) was a Scottish ornithologist.	Arthur Landsborough Thomson	9 June 1977
date of death	Norman Stewart Mitchell-Innes, known as Mandy Mitchell-Innes (7 September 1914 -- 28 December 2006) was an amateur cricketer for Somerset, who played in one Test match for England, in 1935.	Mandy Mitchell-Innes	28 December 2006
date of death	Lewys Glyn Cothi (c. 1420 -- 1490), also known as Llywelyn y Glyn, was a prominent Welsh poet who composed numerous poems in the Welsh language.	Lewys Glyn Cothi	1490
date of death	Sipke van der Land (12 February 1937 -- 22 November 2015) was a Dutch preacher, writer, teacher and television presenter.	Sipke van der Land	22 November 2015
date of death	Francis Godolphin, 2nd Baron Godolphin (2 November 1706 -- 25 May 1785) was a British peer and politician.	Francis Godolphin, 2nd Baron Godolphin	25 May 1785
date of death	Conal Holmes O'Connell O'Riordan (pseudonym Norreys Connell) (29 April 1874 - 18 June 1948) was an Irish dramatist and novelist.	Conal Holmes O'Connell O'Riordan	18 June 1948
date of death	James Kelly Cole (1885-1909) was a member of the Chicago Branch of the Industrial Workers of the World until his death in the fall of 1909.	James Kelly Cole	1909
date of death	Moti Abba Rebu was king of the Gibe Kingdom of Jimma (reigned 1855--1859).	Abba Rebu	1859
date of death	James DeRuyter Blackwell (18 March 1828 -- 5 September 1901) of Warrenton, Virginia is a celebrated author and poet of the American Civil War era.	James DeRuyter Blackwell	5 September 1901
date of death	Willie Paton (1 August 1925 -- 2005) was a Scottish footballer who played for Rangers and Ayr United.	Willie Paton	2005
date of death	Joseph Eric Stephenson (17 September 1914 -- 8 September 1944) was an English footballer who played as an inside left at both professional and international levels.	Eric Stephenson	8 September 1944
date of death	Juliette Bussière Laforest-Courtois (Cap-Français, Saint-Domingue (later Haiti) 1789 -- 24 December 1853), was a Haitian teacher and journalist.	Juliette Bussière Laforest-Courtois	24 December 1853
date of death	Clelia Matania (18 September 1918 -- 13 October 1981) was a British-born Italian film and voice actress.	Clelia Matania	13 October 1981
date of death	Dr. Thomas Neill Cream (27 May 1850 -- 15 November 1892), also known as the Lambeth Poisoner, was a Scottish-Canadian serial killer, who claimed his first proven victims in the United States and the rest in England, and possibly others in Canada and Scotland.	Thomas Neill Cream	15 November 1892
date of death	George Younger, 1st Viscount Younger of Leckie Bt (13 October 1851 -- 29 April 1929) was a British politician.	George Younger, 1st Viscount Younger of Leckie	29 April 1929
date of death	Ge Fuyuan (格輔元) (died November 7, 691) was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty and Wu Zetian's Zhou Dynasty, serving briefly as a chancellor during Wu Zetian's reign.	Ge Fuyuan	691
date of death	Henry Charles Tonking (b. Camborne, Cornwall, 17 Jan. 1863; d. Glasgow, 7 June 1926) was a British organist.	Henry Charles Tonking	7 June 1926
date of death	Edward Dwelly (1864--1939) was an English lexicographer and genealogist.	Edward Dwelly	1939
date of death	George Learmond (or Learmonth) (c. 1478--1531) was a Scottish Benedictine who was Prior of Pluscarden and almost Bishop of Aberdeen.	George Learmond	1531
date of death	Rev. Elwood Morris Wherry (1843--1927) was an American Presbyterian missionary to India where he spent forty years of his life (between 1868 and 1923).	Elwood Morris Wherry	1927
date of death	John Wemyss (c. 1579--1636), also spelled Weemes or Weemse, was a Church of Scotland minister, Hebrew scholar and exegete.	John Wemyss	1636
date of death	John de Leche (or John de Leck or John de Leek) (died 1313) was a canon of Dunkeld and prelate during the early 14th century.	John de Leche	1313
date of death	Henry Alder (6 April 1874 -- 17 May 1949) was an Australian rules footballer who played one game with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Henry Alder	17 May 1949
date of death	Mauritz Gisiko (born 1794, d. 1863) was a Swedish pianist and music educator of good reputation.	Mauritz Gisiko	1863
date of death	Stekšys (or Steksė) (other spellings include Stakys, Stejkint, Stekintas, Stegikintas, Stegutas) was a duke of Lithuania, killed in 1214 near Lielvārde during an attack against Livonia.	Stekšys	1214
date of death	James Canby (1781-1858) was a businessman and banker based in Wilmington, Delaware, and an early American railroad executive.	James Canby	1858
date of death	Albert Hayhurst (17 September 1905 -- 8 November 1991) was an English cricketer and footballer.	Albert Hayhurst	8 November 1991
date of death	S. E. Aimé-Joseph de Fleuriau (1870 - 1938) was a French diplomat, who served as Ambassador to London from 1924 until 1933.	Aimé-Joseph de Fleuriau	1938
date of death	Murray Morrison (1820--1871) was a California State Assembly member, president of the Los Angeles Common Council and a judge of the Superior Court.	Murray Morrison	1871
date of death	Eochaid mac Domangairt (died ca. 697) was a king of Dál Riata (modern western Scotland) in about 697.	Eochaid mac Domangairt	697
date of death	Sultan bin Saqr Al Qasimi (18th century -- 1866) was the ruler (1803--1840, 1840--1866) of the emirates of Sharjah and Ras Al Khaimah on the Trucial Coast (currently known as the United Arab Emirates).	Sultan bin Saqr Al Qasimi	1866
date of death	Marian Porwit (1895-1988) was a Polish military officer, a Colonel of the Polish Army and a military historian.	Marian Porwit	1988
date of death	William Balmain (2 February 1762 -- 17 November 1803) was a Scottish-born naval surgeon and civil administrater who sailed as an assistant surgeon with the First Fleet to establish the first European settlement in Australia, and later to take up the appointment of the principal surgeon, for New South Wales.	William Balmain	17 November 1803
date of death	Đỗ Thanh Nhơn (died 1781) was an 18th-century Vietnamese military commander.	Đỗ Thanh Nhơn	1781
date of death	Duke Gong of Cao (? -- 618 BCE) (Chinese: 曹共公; pinyin: Cáo Gòng Gōng) was the seventeenth ruler of the vassal State of Cao during the Chinese Spring and Autumn Period (770 -- 475 BCE).	Duke Gong of Cao	618 BCE
date of death	Theulf (died 20 October 1123) was a medieval Bishop of Worcester.	Theulf	20 October 1123
date of death	Elisha Leavitt (1714--1790) was a Hingham, Massachusetts, Loyalist landowner who owned several islands in Boston Harbor.	Elisha Leavitt	1790
date of death	Ieuan Ddu ab Dafydd ab Owain (fl. 1440--1480), was a Welsh poet, also known as Ieuan Dafydd Ddu and Ieuan Dafydd ab Owain.	Ieuan Ddu ab Dafydd ab Owain	1480
date of death	Francis David Charteris, 12th Earl of Wemyss and 8th Earl of March, KT, DL (19 January 1912 -- 12 December 2008) succeeded his grandfather in the family titles in 1937.	David Charteris, 12th Earl of Wemyss	12 December 2008
date of death	Peston Padamji Ginwala (9 February 1919 -- 2 July 2008) also known as Pesi Ginwala was a noted senior barrister from India, working at Calcutta High Court.	Peston Padamji Ginwala	2 July 2008
date of death	Tripuraribhatla Ramakrishna Sastry or T. Ramakrishna Sastry (Telugu: త్రిపురారిభట్ల రామకృష్ణ శాస్త్రి) (10 April 1914 -- 21 May 1998) was a famous stage and film actor in the early period of Telugu cinema.	Tripuraribhatla Ramakrishna Sastry	21 May 1998
date of death	Rodney Diak (15 June 1924 -- 6 October 2007) was a British film, television, and theater actor.	Rodney Diak	6 October 2007
date of death	Franco Bracardi (16 May 1937 - 27 February 2005) was an Italian actor, composer, pianist and stand-up comedian.	Franco Bracardi	27 February 2005
date of death	Don Lafferty (1933--1998) was a Grandmaster checkers (British English: draughts) player.	Don Lafferty	1998
date of death	Cahalan Ó Corcrán, Irish Abbot, died 1001.	Cahalan Ó Corcrán	1001
date of death	Joseph Milton Bernstein (September 30, 1908 -- July 1975) was an American accused of spying for the Soviet Union and later confirmed as a Soviet agent by the US intelligence program Venona.	Joseph Milton Bernstein	July 1975
date of death	Stass Paraskos (Greek: Στας Παράσκος; 17 March 1933 -- 4 March 2014) was an artist from Cyprus, although much of his life was spent teaching and working in England.	Stass Paraskos	4 March 2014
date of death	Charles Vyse (1882 Staffordshire - 1971 Deal, Kent), was an English studio potter, noted for producing colourful figurines of characters seen on London streets.	Charles Vyse	1971
date of death	Hilal Al-Ahmadi (1954? -- 17 February 2011), who was an Iraqi veteran journalist with over 30 years of experience and well known for his reports about corruption, was assassinated in front of his home east of Mosul, Iraq.	Hilal Al-Ahmadi	17 February 2011
date of death	Zhou Jiannan (Chinese: 周建南; pinyin: Zhōu Jiànnán; 1917−1995) was a Chinese politician.	Zhou Jiannan	1995
date of death	Krushnashastri Chiplunkar (Devanagari: कृष्णशास्त्री चिपळूणकर) (1824--1878) was a social activist and a Marathi writer from Maharashtra, India.	Krushnashastri Chiplunkar	1878
date of death	Seamus Grew (20 July 1951 -- 12 December 1982) was a volunteer in the Irish National Liberation Army (INLA) who, along with Roddy Carroll, was killed in controversial circumstances by police officers from the Special Support Unit of the Royal Ulster Constabulary.	Seamus Grew	12 December 1982
date of death	Thomas Philip Perkins (3 September 1904 -- 26 December 1978) was an English professional golfer best known for winning the 1928 Amateur Championship (British Amateur).	Philip Perkins	26 December 1978
date of death	Robert Guy Howarth (1906--1974) was an Australian scholar, literary critic and poet.	Robert Guy Howarth	1974
date of death	David Marine (20 September 1888 -- 6 November 1976) was an American pathologist.	David Marine	6 November 1976
date of death	Stephen Reville D.D., O.S.A. (9 May 1844 - 18 September 1916) was a Bishop of Sandhurst, Victoria (Australia).	Stephen Reville	18 September 1916
date of death	Reginald Corbet (by 1513--1566) was a distinguished lawyer in four reigns across the mid-Tudor period, and prospered throughout, although he seems to have been definitely Protestant in sympathy.	Reginald Corbet	1566
date of death	Chuop Hell (1909 -- ca. 1975) was a Cambodian statesman.	Chuop Hell	1975
date of death	Livingstone Walker (14 June 1879 - 10 October 1940) was an English amateur cricketer.	Livingstone Walker	10 October 1940
date of death	Mary Ní Mháille (died 1525) Gaelic-Irish Lady.	Mary Ní Mháille	1525
date of death	Arthur Tutin (1907 -- 1961) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Aldershot and Stoke City.	Arthur Tutin	1961
date of death	Carl Herman Theodor Alfred Lagerheim, (4 October 1843 -- 23 May 1924) was a Swedish politician and diplomat.	Alfred Lagerheim	23 May 1924
date of death	Jonathan Carr (1942--2008) was a British journalist and author, who lived and worked primarily in Germany.	Jonathan Carr	2008
date of death	Abdul Kadir Shaikh (1926--2008) was a Pakistani politician who was the 13th governor of Sindh from 6 July 1977 to 17 September 1978.	Abdul Kadir Shaikh	2008
date of death	Tomasz Chołodecki (21 December 1813 -- 17 July 1880) was a political activist and Polish rebel and soldier, who took part in almost every major event that supported Poland's independence in the 19th century.	Tomasz Chołodecki	17 July 1880
date of death	Hermas Deslauriers (21 October 1879 -- 28 May 1941) was a member of the Canadian House of Commons, initially as one of the Laurier Liberals then as a Liberal member.	Hermas Deslauriers	28 May 1941
date of death	Gardner Colby (1810--1879) was a prominent businessman and Christian philanthropist.	Gardner Colby	1879
date of death	Edward Thurlow, 1st Baron Thurlow PC, KC (9 December 1731 -- 12 September 1806) was a British lawyer and Tory politician.	Edward Thurlow, 1st Baron Thurlow	12 September 1806
date of death	Giles de Badlesmere, 2nd Baron Badlesmere (18 October 1314 -- 7 June 1338) was an English nobleman.	Giles de Badlesmere, 2nd Baron Badlesmere	7 June 1338
date of death	Fáilbe mac Pípáin was the eighth abbot of Iona (fl. 669-679 ?).	Fáilbe mac Pípáin	679
date of death	Serafin Olarte (died 1821) was a Totonac chief and general who led a revolt against Spanish rule during the Mexican War of Independence in (then province) Veracruz.	Serafin Olarte	1821
date of death	Arend Dickmann (1572--1627), more correctly Dijckman, was briefly Admiral of the Polish Navy.	Arend Dickmann	1627
date of death	Antonis Migiakis (Greek: Aντώνης Mηγιάκης; born 23 October 1911-19 November 1999) was a star forward for Greek football team Panathinaikos in the 1930s.	Antonis Migiakis	19 November 1999
date of death	Sterling Houston (1945--2006) was an African-American experimental playwright, actor, musician and prose writer renowned for his works of social commentary exploring black and gay identity.	Sterling Houston	2006
date of death	The Blessed Giorgio di Biandrate, or Giorgio da Orazio di Biandrate (died 1483) was a member of the family of the counts of San Giorgio Canavese in north-west Italy.	Giorgio di Biandrate	1483
date of death	Margaret Gill (1797-1864) was born in Yorkshire, England, and was the first wife of American black actor Ira Frederick Aldridge.	Margaret Gill	1864
date of death	Pierre Gauvreau (23 August 1922 -- 7 April 2011) was a Québécois painter who has also worked in film and television productions.	Pierre Gauvreau	7 April 2011
date of death	Eugène Train (1832--1903) was a French architect who taught for many years at the École des Arts Décoratifs.	Eugène Train	1903
date of death	Amalberga of Temse (born about 741, died 10 July 772) was a Lotharingian noblewoman from the Frankish royal house of the Pippinids who is celebrated as a saint in the Roman Catholic Church and the Eastern Orthodox Church.	Amalberga of Temse	10 July 772
date of death	Robert Vernon, 1st Baron Lyveden GCB PC (23 February 1800 -- 10 November 1873), known as Robert Vernon Smith until 1859, was a British Liberal Party politician.	Robert Vernon, 1st Baron Lyveden	10 November 1873
date of death	Fritz Kortner (12 May 1892 -- 22 July 1970) was an Austrian stage and film actor and theatre director.	Fritz Kortner	22 July 1970
date of death	Samuel Stone (July 18, 1602 -- 20 July 1663) was a Puritan Minister.	Samuel Stone	20 July 1663
date of death	Lain Singh Bangdel / Lain Bangdel (Rai) (Nepali: लैनसिंह बाङ्देल) (1919--2002), was Nepal's foremost artist, novelist, and art historian.	Lain Singh Bangdel	2002
date of death	Anne Garber (1947 -- 17 July 2011) was a Canadian journalist, restaurant critic, food and travel writer.	Anne Garber	17 July 2011
date of death	Bagyi Aung Soe (Burmese: ဗဂျီ အောင်စိုး (bədʑì ʔàʊɴ só); 1924--1990) was a Burmese painter renowned for his modernistic, semi-abstract art, which caused such a shock in Burma when it appeared that many called it ``psychopathic art''.	Aung Soe	1990
date of death	Reginald Wilkie (died 6 August 1962) was a British ice dancer.	Reginald Wilkie	1962
date of death	Charles Wilson Greene (1866--1947) was an American professor of physiology and pharmacology from Indiana.	Charles Wilson Greene	1947
date of death	Theron R. Perlee or Per Lee, (1824--1894), lawyer, soldier, 49er, politician and judge in the territory and early state of California.	Theron R. Perlee	1894
date of death	Tewfik Mishlawi (1935 -- 24 January 2012) was a veteran Lebanese journalist who was well known in the Middle East and Arab world.	Tewfik Mishlawi	24 January 2012
date of death	Jonathan Remington (1677 -- 1745), was an Associate Justice of Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court appointed by Gov. Jonathan Belcher.	Jonathan Remington	1745
date of death	Edward Tooker (c. 1592 -- 17 April 1664) was an English lawyer, landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1654 and 1664.	Edward Tooker	1664
date of death	Per Fuglum (7 January 1924 -- 13 June 2008) was a Norwegian historian, born in Oslo.	Per Fuglum	13 June 2008
date of death	Rawshan Jamil (8 May 1931 -- 14 May 2002) was a Bangladeshi actress and dancer.	Rawshan Jamil	14 May 2002
date of death	Kanailal Shil (5 September1895 -- 1974) was a Bangladeshi dotara player, song writer, composer, and collector of folk songs.	Kanailal Shil	1974
date of death	Odd Nansen (6 December 1901 -- 27 June 1973) was a Norwegian architect, author, and humanitarian, credited with his humanitarian efforts on behalf of Jews in the early years of World War II and for being a founder of UNICEF.	Odd Nansen	27 June 1973
date of death	George Best (22 May 1946 -- 25 November 2005) was a Northern Irish professional footballer who played as a winger for Manchester United and the Northern Ireland national team.	George Best	25 November 2005
date of death	Berthe Bovy (6 January 1887 -- 26 February 1977), sometimes known as Betty Bovy, was a Belgian actress who appeared in theatre, films and television programmes for over 60 years.	Berthe Bovy	26 February 1977
date of death	Henry Van Asselt (11 April 1817, Elspeet - 7 December 1902, Seattle) was a Dutch immigrant to the US, one of the first to settle the area that is now Seattle, Washington.	Henry Van Asselt	7 December 1902
date of death	Viking Dahl, (8 October 1895 - 5 January 1945), was a Swedish composer, active also as a painter and an author.	Viking Dahl	5 January 1945
date of death	Henry III, Lord of Waldeck (c. 1225/1230 -- 1267) was a German nobleman.	Henry III, Lord of Waldeck	1267
date of death	Ereyanga (r.1098--1102 CE) was the son of Hoysala Vinayaditya and distinguished himself as a Chalukya feudatory during their campaigns against Dhara of Malwa.	Ereyanga	1102
date of death	Chief Billy Bowlegs or Billy Bolek (Holata Micco, Halpatter-Micco, Halbutta Micco, and Halpuda Mikko in Seminole, meaning ``Alligator Chief'') (ca. 1810--1859) was a leader of the Seminoles in Florida during the Second and Third Seminole Wars against the United States.	Billy Bowlegs	1859
date of death	Scott Pembroke (13 September 1889 -- 21 February 1951) was an American director, actor and screenwriter.	Scott Pembroke	21 February 1951
date of death	Kevin Coen (1947 -- 20 January 1975), was a volunteer in the Sligo Brigade of the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) who was killed in Northern Ireland by the British Army.	Kevin Coen	20 January 1975
date of death	Johan Zoffany, Zoffani or Zauffelij RA (13 March 1733 -- 11 November 1810) was a German neoclassical painter, active mainly in England.	Johan Zoffany	11 November 1810
date of death	Thomas Galloway FRS (26 February 1796 -- 1 November 1851) was a Scottish mathematician born in Symington, South Lanarkshire, Scotland.	Thomas Galloway	1 November 1851
date of death	Stephen Weston (1665--1742) was an English bishop and educator.	Stephen Weston	1742
date of death	Pedro de Ezcurra (1859--1911) was an Argentine politician who served as Minister of Agriculture in the early 20th century.	Pedro de Ezcurra	1911
date of death	Bob Flegg (19 August 1918 -- 7 July 1944) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League.	Bob Flegg	7 July 1944
date of death	Hans Eng (1907--1995) was a Norwegian physician and Nazi collaborator during World War II.	Hans Eng	1995
date of death	Knut Wulff, born 1913 in Malmö, died 2002, was a Swedish entrepreneur and pioneer in the beauty and cosmetics area, who created many successful products and brands within his company Pierre Robert.	Knut Wulff	2002
date of death	Ragnvald Skrede (24 April 1904 -- 16 August 1983) was a Norwegian author, journalist, literature critic and translator.	Ragnvald Skrede	16 August 1983
date of death	Maurie Beasy (14 March 1896 -- 28 April 1979) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Maurie Beasy	28 April 1979
date of death	Romolo Panfi (Florence, 1632 - Carmignano, 1690) was an Italian painter, active in Tuscany.	Romolo Panfi	1690
date of death	Sir (William) Ian Clunies Ross (22 February 1899 -- 20 June 1959) was an Australian veterinary scientist.	Ian Clunies Ross	20 June 1959
date of death	George French Flowers (1811 -- 14 June 1872) was an English composer and musical theorist.	George French Flowers	1872
date of death	Johan Gustaf Åkerman (1888--1959) was a Swedish economist who was Professor of Political Economy in what was to later become the University of Gothenburg.He was the elder brother to swedish economist Johan Henrik Åkerman.	Gustaf Åkerman	1959
date of death	Uc de Lescura or de l'Escura (fl. 1190--1204) was a minor troubadour.	Uc de Lescura	1204
date of death	Robert Moore Williams (1907--1977) was an American writer, primarily of science fiction.	Robert Moore Williams	1977
date of death	Fu Hong (Chinese: 苻洪, 284--350) originally named Pu Hong (Chinese: 蒲洪), courtesy name Guangshi(Chinese: 廣世), was the father of first emperor of Former Qin, Fu Jiàn.	Fu Hong	350
date of death	Fanny Parnell born Frances Isabelle Parnell (4 September 1848 -- 20 July 1882) was an Irish poet, Irish Nationalist, and the sister of Charles Stewart Parnell, an important figure in nineteenth century Ireland.	Fanny Parnell	20 July 1882
date of death	Rey Charol (1936--1990) was an Argentine film and television actor of African descent.	Rey Charol	1990
date of death	Filippo Salviati (1582 -- 22 March 1614) was an Italian scientist and astronomer from a noble Florentine family.	Filippo Salviati	22 March 1614
date of death	Edwin Atherstone (1788--1872) was a poet and novelist.	Edwin Atherstone	1872
date of death	John Shillingford (died 1458), of Exeter and Shillingford, Devon, was an English politician.	John Shillingford	1458
date of death	Öljei Temür Khan, Bunyashir Khan (full name: Bunyashiri, died 1412) was the Mongol khan of the Northern Yuan dynasty based in Mongolia.	Öljei Temür Khan	1412
date of death	James Napper Tandy (about 1739 -- 24 August 1803) was an Irish revolutionary, and member of the United Irishmen.	James Napper Tandy	24 August 1803
date of death	Zafer Önen, (1 January 1921 Çorum -- 13 December 2013 Istanbul) was a Turkish film actor.	Zafer Önen	13 December 2013
date of death	Daifallah Masadeh (1938 -- 18 December 2015) was a Jordanian lawyer and politician.	Daifallah Masadeh	18 December 2015
date of death	Ognjeslav Utješenović Ostrožinski (spelled Utješinović in some sources; Serbian Cyrillic: Огњеслав Утјешеновић Острожински; 21 August 1817 -- 8 June 1890) was a Croatian Serb politician and writer.	Ognjeslav Utješenović	8 June 1890
date of death	Kristian Hellström (24 July 1880 -- 14 June 1946) was a Swedish middle-distance runner and a sports administrator.	Kristian Hellström	14 June 1946
date of death	Andrea Bellunello, also known as Andrea di San Vito (1440 -- 1506) was an Italian painter active in the early Renaissance period.	Andrea Bellunello	1506
date of death	Agostino Veneziano (``Venetian Agostino''), whose real name was Agostino de' Musi (c. 1490 -- c. 1540), was an important and prolific Italian engraver of the Renaissance.	Agostino Veneziano	1540
date of death	Emma Maria Macfarren (née Emma Marie Bennett) (19 June 1824 -- 9 November 1895) was an English pianist and composer who used the pseudonym Jules Brissac.	Emma Maria Macfarren	9 November 1895
date of death	Hans-Erich Voss (or Voß, see ß) (30 October 1897 -- 18 November 1969) was a German Vizeadmiral (vice admiral) and one of the final occupants of the Führerbunker during the battle of Berlin in 1945.	Hans-Erich Voss	18 November 1969
date of death	Bruce Turner (5 July 1922 -- 28 November 1993) was an English saxophonist, clarinetist, and bandleader.	Bruce Turner	28 November 1993
date of death	Al-Muzaffar Mahmud was the Ayyubid emir of Hama first in 1219 (616) and then restored in 1229-1244 (626-642).	Al-Muzaffar Mahmud	1244
date of death	Saint Gordianus (died 362) was a Roman martyr who was killed during the reign of Julian the Apostate, and is commemorated on 10 May.	Saint Gordianus	362
date of death	Sheila Brown Napaljarri (c. 1940--2003) was a Warlpiri speaking Indigenous artist from Australia's Western Desert region.	Sheila Brown Napaljarri	2003
date of death	Charlie Hurst (25 January 1919 -- 23 January 1999) was an English footballer who played as a centre-half for various clubs including Bristol Rovers, Oldham Athletic and Rochdale.	Charlie Hurst	23 January 1999
date of death	Domnall Mór Ua Briain, or Domnall Mór mac Toirrdelbaig Uí Briain, was King of Thomond in Ireland from 1168 to 1194 and a claimant to the title King of Munster.	Domnall Mór Ua Briain	1194
date of death	Edward Brotherton (1814--1866) was an English Swedenborgian and a campaigner for educational reform.	Edward Brotherton	1866
date of death	Eugen Jochum (German: (ˈɔʏ̯ɡeːn ˈjɔxʊm); 1 November 1902 -- 26 March 1987) was an eminent German conductor.	Eugen Jochum	26 March 1987
date of death	Boudewijn Catz or Cats (ca. 1601 - 18 May 1663) was apostolic vicar to the Dutch Mission from 1662 to 1663.	Boudewijn Catz	1663
date of death	Sylvester Wackerle (sometimes shown as Silvester Wackerlie, Sr.) (1 January 1908 -- 3 March 1978) was a West German bobsledder who competed in the mid-1950s.	Sylvester Wackerle	3 March 1978
date of death	John Dignan, Bishop of Clonfert, 13 June 1880 - 15 April 1953.	John Dignan	15 April 1953
date of death	Maurice R. Bebb (1891--1986) (or M. R. Bebb as he signed his work) was a notable etcher and printmaker of the American Midwest, whose best-known subjects were birds native to Oklahoma and Minnesota, where he spent his time.	Maurice R. Bebb	1986
date of death	Ephraim Porter Felt (7 January 1868 Salem - 14 December 1943) was an American entomologist who specialised in Diptera Ephraim Felt worked mostly Nematocera and particularly Cecidomyiidae.However he was the State Entomologist New York State and so worked with all insects of economic or medical significance.	Ephraim Porter Felt	14 December 1943
date of death	Professor Sir George Grenfell-Baines OBE DL (30 April 1908 -- 9 May 2003) was an English architect and town planner.	George Grenfell-Baines	9 May 2003
date of death	Karl Ludwig Nitzsch (6 August 1751, Wittenberg -- 5 December 1831, Wittenberg) was a German theologian, a professor of theology since 1790.	Karl Ludwig Nitzsch	5 December 1831
date of death	Guido de Summa (died 1151) was an Italian Cardinal.	Guido de Summa	1151
date of death	Dr. Preston Bradley (1888--June 1, 1983) was an American clergyman, author, and lecturer.	Preston Bradley	1983
date of death	Henry Wirtz Thomas (October 20, 1812 -- June 22, 1890), a Republican politician, served as the 12th Lieutenant Governor of Virginia from 1875 to 1878 under Governor James L. Kemper.	Henry Wirtz Thomas	1890
date of death	Hobart Baumann Amstutz (18 September 1896 -- 26 February 1980) was a bishop of the American Methodist Church and the United Methodist Church, elected in 1956.	Hobart Baumann Amstutz	26 February 1980
date of death	Shaykh Shams ud-Dīn Muhammad Amir Kulal (d.772/1370) was born at Sokhar near Bukhara.	Amir Kulal	1370
date of death	Games Slayter (9 December 1896 -- 15 October 1964) was a prolific U.S. engineer and inventor.	Games Slayter	15 October 1964
date of death	Jacob Bryant (1715--1804) was a British scholar and mythographer, who has been described as ``the outstanding figure among the mythagogues who flourished in the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries''.	Jacob Bryant	1804
date of death	Sir Thomas Lake (1561 -- 17 September 1630) was Secretary of State to James I of England.	Thomas Lake	17 September 1630
date of death	Edward Daniel Clarke (5 June 1769 -- 9 March 1822) was an English clergyman, naturalist, mineralogist, and traveller.	Edward Daniel Clarke	9 March 1822
date of death	Sir George Chetwynd, 4th Baronet of Brocton Hall (31 May 1849 -- 10 March 1917) was the heir to the Chetwynd baronetcy upon the death of his father in 1869.	Sir George Chetwynd, 4th Baronet	10 March 1917
date of death	Augustinus Bludau (6 March 1862 -- 9 February 1930) was a Bishop of Ermland (Polish: Warmia) in East Prussia from 1909--1930.	Augustinus Bludau	9 February 1930
date of death	Domingo Crespo (1791--1871) was an Argentine politician who was governor of the province of Santa Fe from 1851 to 1854.	Domingo Crespo	1871
date of death	Carlo Orsi (Pavia -- London, 1894) was an Italian painter and sculptor.	Carlo Orsi	1894
date of death	George Thomas Moore Marriott (14 September 1885 -- 11 December 1949) was an English character actor most notable for a series of films he made with Will Hay.	Moore Marriott	11 December 1949
date of death	Henry Neville, 5th Earl of Westmorland (1525--Aug 1564) was an English peer, member of the House of Lords and Knight of the Garter.	Henry Neville, 5th Earl of Westmorland	1564
date of death	Arthur Sandes (1793 in Dublin or Kerry -- 6 September 1832 in Cuenca, Ecuador) was the commanding officer of the Rifle Battalion of the British Legions in the Spanish American wars of independence.	Arthur Sandes	6 September 1832
date of death	Vladimir Winkler (Russian: Влади́мир Фра́нцевич Ви́нклер; IPA: (vlɐˈdʲimʲɪr ˈvʲinklʲɪr); 1884--1956) was a Czech sculptor best known for early 20th century buildings' facades in Russian Siberia.	Vladimir Winkler	1956
date of death	David Seth-Smith FZS, MBOU (1875--1963) was a British zoologist, wildlife artist, broadcaster and author.	David Seth-Smith	1963
date of death	Richard Jenkyns (1782 -- 16 March 1854) was a British academic administrator at the University of Oxford and Dean at Wells Cathedral.	Richard Jenkyns	16 March 1854
date of death	Sir Edward Duke, 1st Baronet (c. 1604 -- 1671) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons of England in 1640.	Sir Edward Duke, 1st Baronet	1671
date of death	William Keith, 7th Earl Marischal (1610 - 1670 or 1671) was a Scottish nobleman and Covenanter.	William Keith, 7th Earl Marischal	1671
date of death	Alberto Randegger (13 April 1832 -- 18 December 1911) was an Italian-born composer, conductor and singing teacher, best known for promoting opera and new works of British music in England during the Victorian era and for his widely used textbook on singing technique.	Alberto Randegger	18 December 1911
date of death	Wilhelm Breckvelt, or Breekvelt (1658 -- 1687, Düsseldorf), was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Wilhelm Breckvelt	1687
date of death	Fortunato Arriola (1827--1872), born in Cosalá, Sinaloa, Mexico, was a painter of portraits and luminous tropical landscapes that were very popular in San Francisco, California, where he came to live in 1857.	Fortunato Arriola	1872
date of death	Norman Kenneth Jernigan (November 13, 1926 -- October 12, 1998) was the longtime leader of the National Federation of the Blind, the principal blind people's organization in the United States.	Kenneth Jernigan	1998
date of death	William Paget, 1st Baron Paget of Beaudesert KG PC (1506 -- 9 June 1563), was an English statesman and accountant who held prominent positions in the service of Henry VIII, Edward VI and Mary I.	William Paget, 1st Baron Paget	9 June 1563
date of death	Chang Kee-ryo (14 August 1911 -- 25 December 1995) was a prominent surgeon, educator, and philanthropist of South Korea.	Chang Kee-ryo	1995
date of death	Missak Manouchian (classical Armenian: Միսաք Մանուշեան; pronounced (misɑkʰ manuʃjɑn), 1 September 1906 -- 21 February 1944) was a French-Armenian poet and communist activist.	Missak Manouchian	21 February 1944
date of death	Rose de Burford (sometimes Roesia and sometimes de Boreford ) (date of birth unknown - died 1329, England) was a 14th-century merchant and business woman in the City of London, England.	Rose de Burford	1329
date of death	Clayton Milborne (born after 1676 -- 1726), of Bloomsbury Square;	Clayton Milborne	1726
date of death	James Hartley Beal (September 23, 1861 -- 1945) was an educator, legislator, author, and pharmacist in the U.S. State of Ohio who was the first recipient of the Remington Medal for distinguished service to American pharmacy.	James Hartley Beal	1945
date of death	Richard Knill (14 April 1787 -- 2 January 1857) was an English missionary.	Richard Knill	2 January 1857
date of death	Jean Michel Claude Richard (August 16, 1787 - 1868) was a noted French botanist and plant collector active in Senegal, Madagascar, Mauritius, and Réunion, and a Chevalier of the Légion d'honneur.	Jean Michel Claude Richard	1868
date of death	James Eadie (1827--1904) was a Scottish brewer who founded an eponymous brewery in Burton on Trent which operated for 90 years.	James Eadie	1904
date of death	Joan Jackson, née Joan Hunter Dunn (13 October 1915 -- 11 April 2008) was the muse of Sir John Betjeman in his poem ``A Subaltern's Love-song''.	Joan Hunter Dunn	11 April 2008
date of death	Erik Mesterton (4 October 1903 -- 10 January 2004) was a Swedish author, literature critic and translator.	Erik Mesterton	10 January 2004
date of death	Rogelio Polesello (26 July 1939 -- 6 July 2014) was an Argentine painter, muralist and sculptor.	Rogelio Polesello	6 July 2014
date of death	Matthew Hay (1855--1932) was a Scottish doctor and champion of Public Health.	Matthew Hay	1932
date of death	Arthur Sullivant Hoffman (1876--1966) was an American magazine editor.	Arthur Sullivant Hoffman	1966
date of death	Andrew Cassidy (c. 1817 -- November 25, 1907) was an early settler of San Diego, California	Andrew Cassidy	1907
date of death	Charles Keith Linney (26 August 1912 -- 12 October 1992) played first-class cricket for Somerset from 1931 to 1937.	Keith Linney	12 October 1992
date of death	Domnell Crone Ó Flaithbheartaigh (died 1560) was a Lord of Iar Connacht, Ireland, and Chief of the Name.	Domnell Crone Ó Flaithbheartaigh	1560
date of death	Mary Barr Clay (1839--1924) was a leader of the American women's suffrage movement.	Mary Barr Clay	1924
date of death	Major-General David Limond C.B. (5 April 1831 - 10 July 1895) was a British soldier of the Royal Engineers (Bengal) and a member of a family with a strong tradition of military service.	David Limond	10 July 1895
date of death	Luciano García Alén (25 May 1928 -- 16 October 2015) was a Spanish physician and ethnographer, known for his studies of Galician culture.	Luciano García Alén	16 October 2015
date of death	Rosemary Edmonds (20 October 1905 -- 26 July 1998), born Rosemary Lilian Dickie, was a British translator of Russian literature whose editions of Leo Tolstoy have been in print for 50 years.	Rosemary Edmonds	26 July 1998
date of death	Sir William Arbuthnot, 1st Baronet of Edinburgh FRSE (24 December 1766 -- 18 September 1829) was Lord Provost of Edinburgh and Lord Lieutenant of the City of Edinburgh.	Sir William Arbuthnot, 1st Baronet	18 September 1829
date of death	Guecellone II da Camino (born Guecellone da Montanara; died 1187) was an Italian medieval noble and military leader, belonging to the Da Camino family.	Guecellone II da Camino	1187
date of death	On 19 June 1924, he transferred from Class A of the reserves to Class C. Nothing more is known of John Stevenson Stubbs after that.	John Stevenson Stubbs	19 June 1924
date of death	Carlos Albán Holguín (died 11 March 1995) was a Colombian lawyer and politician who served as the 19th Permanent Representative of Colombia to the United Nations.	Carlos Albán Holguín	11 March 1995
date of death	Charles Ambrose Zavitz (1863--1942, born Coldstream, Ontario) was born in 1863 into a family that was a combination of both Quakers and United Empire Loyalists.	Charles Ambrose Zavitz	1942
date of death	Thomas Calston (c.1361-1418), of Littlecote, Wiltshire, was an English politician.	Thomas Calston	1418
date of death	George Henry Lesch (1909 -- 1994) was the president and CEO of the Colgate-Palmolive company from 1960 to 1971, and was also the chairman of the board of the company from 1961 to 1974.	George Henry Lesch	1994
date of death	Edgar Charles Barnes (6 April 1909 -- 27 December 1987) was a pioneer in the field of industrial hygiene and the first industrial hygienist to work for a major U.S. corporation.	Edgar Charles Barnes	27 December 1987
date of death	Thomas Beagley (born 5 October 1789 at Farringdon, Alton, Hampshire; died 21 February 1858 at Paddington, London) was an English professional cricketer.	Thomas Beagley	21 February 1858
date of death	George Robert Elsmie (1838--1909) was a Scottish civil servant and judge in India, known also as an author.	George Robert Elsmie	1909
date of death	Diana Wellesley, Duchess of Wellington MBE (14 January 1922 -- 1 November 2010), was the wife of Valerian Wellesley, 8th Duke of Wellington, and a British intelligence officer during World War II.	Diana Wellesley, Duchess of Wellington	1 November 2010
date of death	Jane Gordon, Duchess of Gordon (1748 or 1749 -- 14 April 1812), née Lady Jane Maxwell, was a Scottish Tory political hostess.	Jane Gordon, Duchess of Gordon	14 April 1812
date of death	William Dingwall Fordyce (31 March 1836 -- 27 November 1875) was a Scottish Liberal politician.	William Dingwall Fordyce	27 November 1875
date of death	Selim I Giray, Selim Khan Girai (Crimean Tatar: I Selim Geray, Turkish: 1. Selim Giray) was a Crimean khan (1631--1704).	Selim I Giray	1704
date of death	George Tollet (died 1719) was a mathematician and naval administrator.	George Tollet	1719
date of death	Peter Spendelowe Lamborn (1722 -- 5 November 1774) was an English engraver and miniature painter.	Peter Spendelowe Lamborn	5 November 1774
date of death	Gyula Vályi (5 January 1855, Marosvásárhely/Târgu Mureş -- 13 October 1913, Kolozsvár/Cluj) was a Hungarian mathematician and theoretical physicist, a member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences, known for his work on mathematical analysis, geometry, and number theory.	Gyula Vályi	13 October 1913
date of death	George Guthrie Moir MA (30 October 1917 - 29 November 1993), was a British television producer, Liberal Party politician, prominent Christian and writer who was one of the founders of Independent Television.	Guthrie Moir	29 November 1993
date of death	Michele Carlo Frari (also mentioned as Mihovil Frari in Croatian sources) (1813, Split -- 1896, Padua?) was a renowned professor of obstetrics in Padua from 1843 until 1889.	Michele Carlo Frari	1896
date of death	Leik Munhtaw (Burmese: လိပ်မွတ်ထော, pronounced: (leiʔ mʊ̀ɴ tʰɔ́); Mon: မမောဟ်ထာဝ်; c. 1432--1454) was the 14th king of the Hanthawaddy Pegu Kingdom in Burma for seven months in 1453--54.	Leik Munhtaw	1454
date of death	Bernardus IJzerdraat (1891--1941) was a Dutch resistance fighter in the Second World War.	Bernardus IJzerdraat	1941
date of death	Mary Hannah Fulton (31 May 1854-May 1927) was a medical missionary sent to South China by the Presbyterian Church.	Mary Hannah Fulton	May 1927
date of death	Hu Songshan (1880--1955), a Hui, was born in 1880, in Tongxin County, Ningxia, China.	Hu Songshan	1955
date of death	Joseph-Alexis Stoltz (14 December 1803 in Andlau -- 20 May 1896) was a French obstetrician.	Joseph-Alexis Stoltz	20 May 1896
date of death	Vicente Nebrada (born Vicente Balbino Nebreda Arias, 31 March 1930 - 26 May 2002) was a Venezuelan dancer and choreographer.	Vicente Nebrada	26 May 2002
date of death	Ludvig Stoud Platou (28 March 1778 -- 30 November 1833) was a Danish-Norwegian educator, historical and geographical writer, politician and State Secretary.	Ludvig Stoud Platou	30 November 1833
date of death	Lockhart Muirhead (1765 -- 1829) was a Scottish librarian, museum-keeper and academic.	Lockhart Muirhead	1829
date of death	Daniel Topolski (4 June 1945 -- 21 February 2015) was a British author, rower, rowing coach and commentator on BBC television.	Daniel Topolski	21 February 2015
date of death	Mohamed Mjid (Arabic: محمد امجيد‎; 1917--20 March 2014) was a Moroccan politician and president of the Royal Moroccan Tennis Federation.	Mohamed Mjid	20 March 2014
date of death	Tom Arklay (26 March 1914 -- 11 January 2002) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Tom Arklay	11 January 2002
date of death	John Baptist Caryll (13 December 1713 -- 7 March 1788) was the third Jacobite Baron Caryll of Durford.	John Baptist Caryll	7 March 1788
date of death	Rabbi Dovid Povarsky (1902--1999) is known for his erudite Talmudic lectures and his deanship as Rosh Yeshiva of Ponevezh Yeshiva.	Dovid Povarsky	1999
date of death	Balthasar Báthory de Somlyó (Hungarian: Báthory Boldizsár; 1560 -- 11 September 1594) was a Transylvanian politician from the Báthory family, like his brother, prince Andrew Báthory, opponent of the Habsburgs in Transylvania.	Balthasar Báthory	11 September 1594
date of death	Anna Lee, MBE (born Joan Boniface Winnifrith, 2 January 1913 -- 14 May 2004) was a British-American actress.	Anna Lee	14 May 2004
date of death	Marcus Pløen Ingstad (18 August 1837 -- 24 September 1918) was a Norwegian scholar of Roman law and Professor of Jurisprudence at the Faculty of Law of the Royal Frederick University 1870--1918.	Marcus Pløen Ingstad	24 September 1918
date of death	James L. Clark (18 November 1883 in Providence, Rhode Island -- 1969), was a distinguished explorer, sculptor and scientist.	James L. Clark	1969
date of death	Sherwin Burickson (1934--2004) psychologist, writer, and student of the ideas of G. I. Gurdjieff, was the first Jewish editor of the New Catholic Encyclopedia, and the author of A Concise Dictionary of Contemporary History, published in 1959.	Sherwin Burickson	2004
date of death	John Taihuttu (18 November 1954 -- 17 January 2016) was a Dutch professional football player of Moluccan-Indonesian origin.	John Taihuttu	17 January 2016
date of death	Isidoro Arredondo (1655-1702), an eminent Spanish painter, was born at Colmenar de Oreja, in 1653.	Isidoro Arredondo	1702
date of death	Sir John Orde, 1st Baronet (22 December 1751 -- 19 February 1824) was the third son of John Orde, of Morpeth, Northumberland, and the brother of Thomas Orde-Powlett, 1st Baron Bolton.	Sir John Orde, 1st Baronet	19 February 1824
date of death	Adolfo Celi (Italian pronunciation: (aˈdɔlfo ˈtʃɛːli; aˈdolfo); 27 July 1922 --19 February 1986) was an Italian film actor and director.	Adolfo Celi	19 February 1986
date of death	Friedrich Richard Petri (1824--1857) was a German-born Texas painter whose works recorded life in the original German immigrant settlements, and portrayed Native American tribes in family settings.	Friedrich Richard Petri	1857
date of death	Friedrich Georg Hendel (14 December 1874- 26 June 1936) was an Austrian Hauptsschuldirektor (high school director) and entomologist mainly interested in Diptera.	Friedrich Georg Hendel	26 June 1936
date of death	John St Barbe (1742-1816) was a prominent English shipbroker and shipowner active in whaling, the transport of convicts and the slave trade.	John St Barbe	1816
date of death	François Mathieu (1962 - 2007) was a French neo-impressionist painter.	François Mathieu	2007
date of death	Henry Harland (1 March 1861 -- 20 December 1905) was an American novelist and editor.	Henry Harland	20 December 1905
date of death	Hugo Bettauer (18 August 1872 -- 26 March 1925), born Maximilian Hugo Bettauer, was a prolific Austrian writer and journalist, who was murdered by a Nazi Party follower on account of his controversial views.	Hugo Bettauer	26 March 1925
date of death	Philipp Hieronymus Brinckmann or Brinkman (1709 -- 21 December 1760) was a German painter and engraver	Philipp Hieronymus Brinckmann	21 December 1760
date of death	Hugh the Great (898 -- 16 June 956) was the Duke of the Franks and Count of Paris.	Hugh the Great	16 June 956
date of death	Elijah Mizrachi (Hebrew: אליהו מזרחי) (c. 1455 -- 1525 or 1526) was a Talmudist and posek, an authority on Halakha.	Elijah Mizrachi	1526
date of death	Salvatore Toma (11 May 1951 -- 17 March 1987) was an Italian poet, born in the Southern Italian region of Apulia.	Salvatore Toma	17 March 1987
date of death	Girolamo di Benvenuto (September 1470 - June 1524) was an Italian painter of the High Renaissance and son of the painter Benvenuto di Giovanni.	Girolamo di Benvenuto	1524
date of death	Massimo Consoli (12 December 1945 -- 4 November 2007) was known as ``the father of the Italian gay movement''.	Massimo Consoli	4 November 2007
date of death	Knud Reimers (1906--1987) was one of the most important Scandinavian yacht designers of the 20th century.	Knud Reimers	1987
date of death	Ferdinand Siegert (22, April 1865, Neuwied am Rhein -- 21 February 1946, Köln) was a German pediatrician.	Ferdinand Siegert	21 February 1946
date of death	Yuan Cha (元叉) (died 525), courtesy name Bojun (伯雋), nickname Yecha (夜叉), was an official of the Chinese/Xianbei dynasty Northern Wei, who initially came to power as the brother-in-law of Emperor Xiaoming's mother and regent Empress Dowager Hu.	Yuan Cha	525
date of death	Louis Brennan CB (28 January 1852 -- 17 January 1932) was an Irish-Australian mechanical engineer and inventor.	Louis Brennan	17 January 1932
date of death	Johann Christoph Altnickol, or Altnikol, (1 January 1720 -- 25 July 1759; dates of baptism and burial) was a German organist, bass singer, and composer.	Johann Christoph Altnickol	25 July 1759
date of death	W. J. Hill (1834--1888) was an English actor, singer and comedian.	W. J. Hill	1888
date of death	Johann Burchard Freystein (18 April 1671 -- 1 April 1718) was a German lawyer and hymn writer.	Johann Burchard Freystein	1 April 1718
date of death	Bran Becc mac Murchado (died 738) was a King of Leinster from the Uí Dúnlainge branch of the Laigin.	Bran Becc mac Murchado	738
date of death	Józef Jacek Rybiński (born February 28, 1701 in Torczyn, died 1782 in Oliwa) was a Cisterian and the last abbot of the Oliwa monastery.	Jacek Rybiński	1782
date of death	James William Elliott (J.W. Elliott) (1833--1915) was an English collector of nursery rhymes.	James William Elliott	1915
date of death	Annibale Ciarniello (9 January 1900 in Bagnoli del Trigno, Province of Isernia -- 3 January 2007) was one of the last surviving veterans of the first World War at the time of his death, as well as the oldest medical doctor in Italy and one of the oldest people in the country.	Annibale Ciarniello	3 January 2007
date of death	Hermenegild Santapau (1903-1970) was a Spanish born naturalized Indian Jesuit priest and botanist, known for his taxonomical research on Indian flora.	Hermenegild Santapau	1970
date of death	Carlos Montezuma or Wassaja (born c.1866; died 1923) was a Yavapai-Apache activist and a founding member of the Society of American Indians.	Carlos Montezuma	1923
date of death	Luis Barrios Rojas (22 April 1935 -- 5 May 2010), better known as Lucho Barrios, was a popular Peruvian Bolero singer, well known throughout Latin America, and especially popular in Chile.	Lucho Barrios	5 May 2010
date of death	Alexander Onufrievich Savitsky, also known as Ales Savitsky, (8 January 1924 -- 5 October 2015) was a Belarusian writer and public figure.	Ales Savitsky	5 October 2015
date of death	Jan Szczęsny Herburt (12 January 1567 -- 31 December 1616) was a Polish political writer, diplomat and a member of the Polish Sejm.	Jan Szczęsny Herburt	31 December 1616
date of death	Peter Fairley (2 November 1930 in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia -- 4 August 1998) was a science journalist who was the Science Editor for Independent Television News and TV Times magazine the late sixties and early seventies.	Peter Fairley	4 August 1998
date of death	Maurice Edmond Müller (28 March 1918 -- 10 May 2009) was a Swiss orthopedic surgeon who was instrumental in the development of internal fixation techniques to treat bone fractures and who also significantly advanced the development of the hip prostheses.	Maurice Edmond Müller	10 May 2009
date of death	Potenciano Gregorio, often referred to as Potenciano Gregorio, Sr. (May 19, 1880 to February 12, 1939) was a Bicolano musician.	Potenciano Gregorio	1939
date of death	Adolphus Bernays (18 May 1795, Mainz, Electorate of Mainz -- 22 December 1864, Rectory, Great Stanmore, Middlesex) was the first professor of German in the King's College in London, and second professor of German in England.	Adolphus Bernays	22 December 1864
date of death	Martín Fernández de Vilches (also Martín de Vilches) (born Vilches, Kingdom of Jaén, ? - Bonilla de la Sierra, died (13 November 1469), was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Ávila (1456-1469).	Martín Fernández de Vilches	13 November 1469
date of death	Si Guo (Chinese: 思果; Jyutping: Si Gwo; 10 June 1918 -- 8 June 2004) is the pen name of ``Frederick'' Tsai Chuo-tang (Chinese: 蔡濯堂; pinyin: Caì Zhuótáng), a renowned Chinese and translator most active between the 1940s and 1970s.	Si Guo	8 June 2004
date of death	Fritz Herlen (or Herlin) (before 1449 -- October 12, 1491) was a German artist of the early Swabian school, in the 15th century.	Fritz Herlen	1491
date of death	John George Macleod (Kirkhill, 8 May 1915 -- Edinburgh, 4 April 2006) was a Scottish doctor of medicine and a writer of medical textbooks .	John George Macleod	4 April 2006
date of death	Landgravine Elisabeth Amalie of Hesse-Darmstadt (Elisabeth Amalie Magdalene; 20 March 1635 -- 4 August 1709) was a princess of Hesse-Darmstadt and wife of the Prince-elector of the Palatinate.	Landgravine Elisabeth Amalie of Hesse-Darmstadt	4 August 1709
date of death	John Boaden (1792/3--1839) was an English portrait painter	John Boaden	1839
date of death	Charles Makley (November 24, 1889--September 22, 1934), also known as Charles McGray and Fat Charles, was an American criminal and bank robber active in the early 20th century, most notably as a criminal associate of John Dillinger.	Charles Makley	1934
date of death	Bob Standfield (30 September 1915 -- 1 October 1993) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Bob Standfield	1 October 1993
date of death	Paul Hansard (1922--2013) was a German-born actor on both television and film.	Paul Hansard	2013
date of death	Chet Parker (August, 1891--1975) was a hammered dulcimer player from Michigan.	Chet Parker	1975
date of death	Frans Geurtsen (17 March 1942 -- 12 December 2015) was a Dutch footballer, who played at both professional and international levels as a striker.	Frans Geurtsen	12 December 2015
date of death	Moira Forsyth (1905--1991) was an English stained glass artist.	Moira Forsyth	1991
date of death	Robert Maillart (6 February 1872 -- 5 April 1940) was a Swiss civil engineer who revolutionized the use of structural reinforced concrete with such designs as the three-hinged arch and the deck-stiffened arch for bridges, and the beamless floor slab and mushroom ceiling for industrial buildings.	Robert Maillart	5 April 1940
date of death	Thelma Dewitty (1912--1977) was the first African American to teach in the Seattle Public Schools, Seattle, Washington, U.S..	Thelma Dewitty	1977
date of death	Capt. Edward Lyon Buchwalter (June 1, 1841 -- October 4, 1933) was a Union Captain in the American Civil War, corporate figure, banker and farmer.	Edward Lyon Buchwalter	1933
date of death	Louis Kronenberger (December 9, 1904 -- April 30, 1980) was an American critic and author.	Louis Kronenberger	1980
date of death	Jerzy Adamski (14 March 1937 -- 6 December 2002) was a Polish featherweight boxer who won a silver medal at the 1960 Olympics and a European title in 1959.	Jerzy Adamski	6 December 2002
date of death	Professor Joy Tivy (1924--1995) was a physical geographer at the University of Glasgow.	Joy Tivy	1995
date of death	Jumbe Rajab Jumbe (19 March 1940 -- 26 October 2005) was a Tanzanian politician and member of the opposition party Chama cha Demokrasia na Maendeleo (CHADEMA).	Jumbe Rajab Jumbe	26 October 2005
date of death	Hans Willem van Aylva (ca. 1633, Holwerd - 21 February 1691, near Leuven) was a Dutch soldier.	Hans Willem van Aylva	21 February 1691
date of death	Isabella Pallavicini (died 1286), sometimes Jezebel, was the marchioness of Bodonitsa from 1278.	Isabella Pallavicini	1286
date of death	Chu Yuan (褚淵) (435--482), courtesy name Yanhui (彥回), formally Duke Wenjian of Nankang (南康文簡公), was a high-level official of the Chinese dynasties Liu Song and Southern Qi.	Chu Yuan	482
date of death	Charles Philippe Dieussart (also Charles Philipp) (ca. 1625-1696) was a Dutch architect and sculptor, active in Germany in the second half of the seventeenth century.	Charles Philippe Dieussart	1696
date of death	Archibald Crawford, 1st Baron Hungarton (12 September 1890 -- 14 June 1966), was a British businessman.	Archibald Crawford, 1st Baron Hungarton	14 June 1966
date of death	Sebhat Aregawi (died 28 February 1914) was a Ras of Ethiopia.	Sebhat Aregawi	28 February 1914
date of death	Baburam Acharya (Nepali:बाबुराम आचार्य) (1888 -- 1971) was a Nepalese historian and literary scholar who coined the name Sagarmatha (सगरमाथा), for the mountain better known as Mount Everest or Chomolungma (in Sherpa Language) or Quomolungma (Tibetan).	Baburam Acharya	1971
date of death	Mary Stanley (1813--1879) is known primarily because of her dispute in the Crimea with Florence Nightingale, whose friend she also was.	Mary Stanley	1879
date of death	William Burlestone or Borleston (died 1406), of Harberton, Devon, was an English politician.	William Burlestone	1406
date of death	Alfred Wilhelm Volkmann (1 July 1801 -- 21 April 1877) was a German physiologist, anatomist, and philosopher.	Alfred Wilhelm Volkmann	21 April 1877
date of death	Junior Heffernan (11 August 1989 -- 3 March 2013) was an Irish triathlete and then bicyclist who at the end of his cut short athletic career was competing mostly in Great Britain.	Junior Heffernan	3 March 2013
date of death	Pierre-Olivier Malherbe (1569--1616) was a French explorer from the city of Vitré.	Pierre-Olivier Malherbe	1616
date of death	Matthew Fell (23 August 1875 -- 17 March 1957) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood during the early years of the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Matthew Fell	17 March 1957
date of death	Francis Caldwell CBE MVO KPM (c.1860 -- 17 April 1934) was a British police officer who served as Head Constable of Liverpool City Police from 1912 to 1925.	Francis Caldwell	1934
date of death	Xu Miao (172--249), courtesy name Jingshan, was an official of the state of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period.	Xu Miao	249
date of death	Haji Mohamad Misbach, commonly known as Haji Misbach or Haji Merah (Indonesian: The Red Hajji), Surakarta, 1876--1926, was an early communist figure from the Dutch East Indies who preached that Islam and Communism were compatible.	Haji Misbach	1926
date of death	Edmund la Touche Armstrong (1864-1946), was an Australian historian and librarian.	Edmund la Touche Armstrong	1946
date of death	Þuríður Sturludóttir (1199--1238) was daughter of Icelandic chieftain Sturla Sighvatsson and Sólveig Sæmundsdóttir.	Þuríður Sturludóttir	1238
date of death	Charles de Lannoy (c. 1487 -- 23 September 1527) was a soldier and statesman from the Low Countries in service of the Habsburg Emperors Maximilian I and Charles V of Spain.	Charles de Lannoy	23 September 1527
date of death	George Kanngieser (27 February 1912 -- 27 January 1997) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	George Kanngieser	27 January 1997
date of death	Jan Wacław Machajski (1866, Busko-Zdrój -- 1926), pseudonym A. Wolski (A. Vol'ski) (often corrupted in Russian as Makhaev), was a Polish anarchist whose methodology was thoroughly Marxist.	Jan Wacław Machajski	1926
date of death	István Klimek or Stefan Climek (born 15 April 1913, death 12 November 1988), was a Romanian international footballer of Hungarian origin who played as a striker.	István Klimek	12 November 1988
date of death	M. Anto Peter Ramesh (26 April 1967 -- 12 July 2012) was a Tamil computer scientist and technical writer.	M. Anto Peter	12 July 2012
date of death	Collela Mazee died in the evening of Tuesday 7 March 2000 at Masaba Hospital in Nairobi, Kenya after being admitted to the hospital on the 4th Saturday suffering from cardio-pulmonary arrest.	Collela Mazee	7 March 2000
date of death	John Dylan Morgan (3 May 1946 -- 5 March 2011) was a mathematician, physicist, hypnotherapist, and author.	Dylan Morgan	5 March 2011
date of death	Jean-Claude Irvoas (1949--2005) was a French employee of a street furniture firm.	Jean-Claude Irvoas	2005
date of death	Saint Agathangelus of Rome (died 312), was a Roman deacon and disciple of Clement of Ancyra, was a martyr during the reign of emperor Diocletian.	Agathangelus of Rome	312
date of death	Sherard Falkner Allison (19 January 1907--31 May 1993) was an English bishop.	Falkner Allison	31 May 1993
date of death	Hendrik Swellengrebel (Cape Town, 20 September 1700 -- Utrecht, 26 December 1760) was the first and only Dutch East India Company governor of the Dutch Cape Colony who was born in the Cape.	Hendrik Swellengrebel	26 December 1760
date of death	Jacob Frederick Warouw (8 September 1917 -- 15 October 1960), also known as Joop Warouw, was a military officer involved in the Indonesian National Revolution.	Joop Warouw	15 October 1960
date of death	Dr Charles Bernard Childs FRSE (1895-1956) was a British physicist and mathematician.	Charles Bernard Childs	1956
date of death	Maria Pogonowska (30 October 1897 -- 15 July 2009 ) was a Polish scientist of Jewish origin.	Maria Pogonowska	15 July 2009
date of death	Norm Cashin (15 July 1915 -- 21 July 1969) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Norm Cashin	21 July 1969
date of death	Rigord (Rigordus) (c. 1150 -- c. 1209) was a French chronicler, was probably born near Alais in Languedoc, and became a physician.	Rigord	1209
date of death	Sir Thomas Spencer, 3rd Baronet (1 January 1639 - 6 March 1685) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1660 to 1679.	Sir Thomas Spencer, 3rd Baronet	6 March 1685
date of death	Sir Muhammad Munawar Khan KCIE (died 1903) was the Prince of Arcot from 1889 to 1903.	Muhammad Munawar Khan	1903
date of death	Henry Haberfield Thomas (11 May 1886 - 17 October 1918) was an English aircraft designer and chief designer at S.E. Saunders Limited.	Henry Haberfield Thomas	17 October 1918
date of death	Germaine Cellier (1909--1976) was a French master perfumer.	Germaine Cellier	1976
date of death	Hugh Theodore Pinhey (7 December 1858 -- 6 February 1953) was a British soldier and one of the last surviving veterans of the Second Anglo-Afghan War.	Hugh Theodore Pinhey	6 February 1953
date of death	Anastasios Andreou (Greek: Αναστάσιος Ανδρέου, 1877 -- 1947) was a Greek athlete from Cyprus.	Anastasios Andreou	1947
date of death	John Berridge (February 1716 − 22 January 1793) was an Anglican evangelical revivalist and hymnist.	John Berridge	22 January 1793
date of death	Frank Wilcoxon (2 September 1892 -- 18 November 1965) was a chemist and statistician, known for the development of several statistical tests.	Frank Wilcoxon	18 November 1965
date of death	Fydell Edmund Garrett (1865--1907), known as Edmund Garrett, was a British publicist, journalist and poet.	Fydell Edmund Garrett	1907
date of death	Elias Constantine (22 May 1912 -- 22 May 2003) was a Trinidadian cricketer who played first-class cricket for Trinidad between 1932 and 1949.	Elias Constantine	22 May 2003
date of death	Anders Jahan Retzius (3 October 1742 - 6 October 1821) was a Swedish chemist, botanist and entomologist.	Anders Jahan Retzius	6 October 1821
date of death	Ole Jacob Broch (14 January 1818 -- 5 February 1889) was a Norwegian mathematician, physicist, economist and politician.	Ole Jacob Broch	5 February 1889
date of death	Maurice Henry Pappworth (9 January 1910 -- 12 October 1994) was a pioneering British medical ethicist and tutor, best known for his 1967 book Human Guinea Pigs, which exposed the unethical dimensions of medical research.	Maurice Henry Pappworth	12 October 1994
date of death	Dae Wihae (died 906) (reigned 894--906) was the 14th king of the 7th--10th century Balhae kingdom, which encompassed modern day Korea and some southern parts of northeast China.	Dae Wihae	906
date of death	Lawrence Duhé (30 April 1887 -- 1960) was an early jazz clarinetist and bandleader.	Lawrence Duhé	1960
date of death	Gheorghe Leonida (1892?-93 - 1942) was a Romanian sculptor known for creating the head of Christ the Redeemer, the statue of Jesus Christ in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.	Gheorghe Leonida	1942
date of death	Fulvio Orsini (11 December 1529 -- 18 May 1600) was an Italian humanist, historian, and archaeologist.	Fulvio Orsini	18 May 1600
date of death	Ede Király (23 February 1926 -- 10 August 2009) was a Hungarian figure skater.	Ede Király	10 August 2009
date of death	Robert Carr Bosanquet (1871--1935) was a British archaeologist, operating in the Aegean and Britain and teaching at the University of Liverpool from 1906 to 1920 as the first holder of the Chair of Classical Archaeology there.	Robert Carr Bosanquet	1935
date of death	Franco Frasi, also known as Francesco Frasi (11 January 1928 -- 9 April 2009) was an Italian professional football player.	Franco Frasi	9 April 2009
date of death	Han Hong-ki (Hangul: 한홍기; 1924 -- 1996) was a South Korean football player and manager.	Han Hong-ki	1996
date of death	John C. Sullivan (died 1830) was a surveyor who established the Indian Boundary Line and the Sullivan Line which were to form the boundary between Native Americans and white settlers in Indian Territory from Iowa to Texas.	John C. Sullivan	1830
date of death	Alhaji Abdurrahman Shugaba Darman (1920--2010) was a Nigerian politician from Borno State, and a contemporary of the late Sir Ahmadu Bello.	Abdurrahman Shugaba Darman	2010
date of death	Kunhikuttan Thampuran (1864--1913) was an Indian poet from Kodungallur, Kerala.	Kunhikuttan Thampuran	1913
date of death	Moshe Flimann (Hebrew: משה פלימן‎; 1905--1973) served as the mayor of Haifa from 1969 to 1973.	Moshe Flimann	1973
date of death	Brahim Déby Itno (6 June 1980 -- 2 July 2007) was the son of current Chadian President Idriss Déby.	Brahim Déby	2 July 2007
date of death	Curumsey Damjee (also spelled Karamsi or Kasamshi Damji) JP, Rai Bahadur (1844-1918) was a noted businessman.	Curumsey Damjee	1918
date of death	Richard Assheton Cross, 2nd Viscount Cross (28 January 1882 -- 14 March 1932), was a British peer and civil servant.	Richard Assheton Cross, 2nd Viscount Cross	14 March 1932
date of death	Hayyim ben Jacob Alfandari (1588 -- 1640) was a talmudic educator and writer, teaching at Constantinople in 1618.	Hayyim ben Jacob Alfandari	1640
date of death	Qi Yunshi (1751--1815) was a Chinese official and historian exiled to Central Asia between 1805 and 1809 who together with Wang Tingkai and Xu Song was prominent among the exiled officials employed by Songyun, the military governor of Xinjiang from 1802 to 1809, to compile a gazetteer of Xinjiang.	Qi Yunshi	1815
date of death	Georg August Thilesen (20 December 1837 - 20 December 1917) was the Norwegian Minister of the Interior 1888-1889 and 1898-1899, member of the Council of State Division in Stockholm 1899-1900, and Minister of Finance in 1900.	Georg August Thilesen	1917
date of death	Senzangakhona kaJama (ca. 1762 -- 1816) was a chief of the Zulu clan, and primarily notable as the father of three Zulu kings who ruled during the period when the Zulus achieved prominence, led by his oldest son Shaka.	Senzangakhona kaJama	1816
date of death	Wang Zongji (王宗佶) (died May 1, 908), né Gan (甘), was an adoptive son of Wang Jian, the founding emperor of the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period state Former Shu.	Wang Zongji	908
date of death	Paul Haefliger (1914 in Germany -- 1982 in Switzerland) was an abstract painter, art critic, writer and printmaker.	Paul Haefliger	1982
date of death	Joseph Weiß (1486 or 1487--1565) was a German Renaissance painter.	Joseph Weiß	1565
date of death	Hermann Steiner (1913 - 14 November 2005) was a Swiss inventor and businessman.	Hermann Steiner	14 November 2005
date of death	John Hastings, 2nd Baron Hastings (29 September 1287 -- 20 January 1325) was a medieval English Baron.	John Hastings, 2nd Baron Hastings	20 January 1325
date of death	Rabbi Avraham Wolfensohn (1783--1855) was a Jewish rabbi, Talmudic judge and leader of the Askenazi community in Safed, Ottoman Syria in the middle of the 19th century.	Avraham Wolfensohn	1855
date of death	Carl Jerrold Peterson (31 October 1936 -- 2 April 1969) was a United States Navy Lieutenant Commander and the commanding officer of Patrol River Boat Squadron 57.	Carl Jerrold Peterson	2 April 1969
date of death	Vicente Lucio Salazar (20 December 1832 -- 14 February 1896) was Acting President of Ecuador between 16 April 1895 and 1 September 1895.	Vicente Lucio Salazar	14 February 1896
date of death	John Neil McGilp OBE (30 October 1881 -- 1963) was a South Australian pastoralist and amateur ornithologist.	John Neil McGilp	1963
date of death	Ghislaine Dupont (/ʒislɛn dypõ/; 13 January 1956 -- 2 November 2013) was a French journalist who specialised in African issues.	Ghislaine Dupont	2 November 2013
date of death	Preserved Fish (1766--1846) was a prominent New York City shipping merchant in the early 19th century.	Preserved Fish	1846
date of death	Jean Baptiste Claude Chatelain (1710--1758) was an English engraver of French background.	Jean Baptiste Claude Chatelain	1758
date of death	André Lefaur (25 July 1879 - 5 December 1952) was a French film and theatre actor, notably working several times with director Sacha Guitry.	André Lefaur	5 December 1952
date of death	Agnes Nicholls (14 July 1876 (some sources say 1877) -- 21 September 1959) was one of the greatest English sopranos of the 20th century, both in the concert hall and on the operatic stage.	Agnes Nicholls	21 September 1959
date of death	Robert Spearman (1703--1761) was an English theologian, known as a Hutchinsonian.	Robert Spearman	1761
date of death	John Clavell Mansel-Pleydell (1817--1902), originally John Clavell Mansel, was a Dorset antiquary, known for contributions to geology, botany, and ornithology.	John Clavell Mansel-Pleydell	1902
date of death	Happy Akhand (Bengali: হ্যাপী আখন্দ; 12 October 1960 -- 28 December 1987) was a Bangladeshi musician.	Happy Akhand	28 December 1987
date of death	Gianna Persaki (Greek: Γιάννα Περσάκη, French: Jeanne Persaki; 1921--2008) was a distinguished woman artist, pioneer abstract painter and committed modernist, focused on the geometric structure of pictorial space and the thorough analysis of colour relationships.	Gianna Persaki	2008
date of death	Thomas Vincent (May 1634 -- 15 October 1678) was an English Puritan minister and author.	Thomas Vincent	15 October 1678
date of death	Ronald Ferns (14 October 1925 -- 2 December 1997) was an English illustrator, designer, cartoonist and surrealist painter in oil and watercolour.	Ronald Ferns	2 December 1997
date of death	The Reverend George Turner Waldegrave MBE (18 March 1889 -- 15 May 1966) was the son of Reverend Samuel Edmund Waldegrave and Alice Millett.	George Turner Waldegrave	15 May 1966
date of death	Mikhail Marynich (Belarusian: Міхаіл Марыніч; Russian: Михаил Маринич - Marinich, 13 January 1940 -- 17 October 2014) was a Belarusian opposition leader from Homiel Voblast .	Mikhail Marynich	17 October 2014
date of death	Gerard McLarnon (16 April 1915, in Clitheroe, Lancashire -- 16 August 1997) was an English-Irish actor and playwright.	Gerard McLarnon	1997
date of death	Benoni W. Finch (died 1851) was an American pioneer.	Benoni W. Finch	1851
date of death	Anthony Browne, 1st Viscount Montagu KG PC (29 November 1528 -- 19 October 1592) was an English peer during the Tudor period.	Anthony Browne, 1st Viscount Montagu	19 October 1592
date of death	James Caughey (9 April 1810 -- 30 January 1891) was a Methodist minister and evangelist who was active in the United States, England and Canada.	James Caughey	30 January 1891
date of death	Pope Benedict III (Latin: Benedictus III; died 17 April 858) was Pope from 29 September 855 to his death in 858.	Pope Benedict III	17 April 858
date of death	Andy Hughes (11 November 1965 -- 12 June 2009) was an English electronic music producer from Harrow, Middlesex.	Andy Hughes	12 June 2009
date of death	Ratislaus of Rügen (German: also Ratze, before 1105 -- 1141) was King of Rügen or Prince of the Rugians (or Rani).	Ratislaus	1141
date of death	Clarrie Calwell (9 September 1896 -- 28 September 1975) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Clarrie Calwell	28 September 1975
date of death	Charles Albanel (1616 -- 11 January 1696), born in Auvergne, was a French missionary explorer in Canada, and a Jesuit priest.	Charles Albanel	11 January 1696
date of death	Henri Charles Loeillot or Loeillot-Hartwig (1798--1864), usually known as Karl Loeillot, was a French painter and lithographer.	Karl Loeillot	1864
date of death	Jayakanthan (24 April 1934 -- 8 April 2015), popularly known as JK, was an Indian writer, journalist, orator, film-maker, critic and activist.	Jayakanthan	8 April 2015
date of death	Ridgway Robert Syers Christian Codner Lloyd (20 December 1842 -- 1 June 1884) was an English physician and antiquary.	Ridgway Robert Syers Christian Codner Lloyd	1884
date of death	Charles Cooper Penrose-Fitzgerald (30 April 1841 -- 11 August 1921) was a Vice-Admiral in the Royal Navy.	Charles Cooper Penrose-Fitzgerald	11 August 1921
date of death	John Richard de Capel Wise (1831--1 April 1890) was a writer and natural historian.	John Richard de Capel Wise	1890
date of death	Thomas Copley, alias Philip Fisher (born 1596, Madrid, Spain -- 1652, British colony of Maryland) was an English Jesuit missionary in North America.	Thomas Copley	1652
date of death	Philip van Artevelde (c. 1340 -- 27 November 1382) was a Flemish patriot, the son of Jacob van Artevelde.	Philip van Artevelde	1382
date of death	Eddy J. Changkye (2 February 1924 -- 31 October 1994) was a Mauritian diplomat, politician, Member of the National Assembly of Mauritius, municipal councillor, mayor, jurist, writer and poet.	Eddy J. Changkye	31 October 1994
date of death	John Burnet Biddulph (10 December 1796 Wigginton, Staffordshire - 3 March 1837 Graaff-Reinet) was a South African explorer and trader who arrived with the 1820 Settlers.	John Burnet Biddulph	3 March 1837
date of death	Friedrich Wilhelm Brandtner (28 July 1896 - 1969), known during his life as Fritz Brandtner, was a German-Canadian artist and art instructor.	Fritz Brandtner	1969
date of death	Clarice Mayne (6 February 1886 -- 16 January 1966) was a music hall and variety theatre singer and performer.	Clarice Mayne	16 January 1966
date of death	Jasper Grosvenor (1794--1857) was an American financier of the early to mid 19th century.	Jasper Grosvenor	1857
date of death	After severe illness and suffering from depression, Nellie Cameron committed suicide through gas asphyxiation at her Taylor Square flat on 8 November 1953.	Nellie Cameron	8 November 1953
date of death	Elvin J. Cassell (December 3, 1896 -- August 1970) was an American football coach in the United States.	Elvin J. Cassell	August 1970
date of death	George Lenne (20 February 1916 -- 18 February 2014) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	George Lenne	18 February 2014
date of death	Thomas Stewart, 2nd Earl of Angus (b.b.1331-1361) was a medieval Scottish nobleman.	Thomas Stewart, 2nd Earl of Angus	1361
date of death	Ernest Blakelock Thubron, also known as Émile Thubron (Boldon near Durham 15 July 1861 - 22 May 1927 Tokomaru, New Zealand) was an Anglo-French motorboat racer and Olympic champion.	Ernest Blakelock Thubron	22 May 1927
date of death	Harlan Lattimore (November 25, 1908- July,1980), was a popular African-American singer with several jazz orchestras of the 1930s, most notably Don Redman's.	Harlan Lattimore	July,1980
date of death	Ma Yuanyi (died 184) was a Yellow Turban rebel during the late Han Dynasty period.	Ma Yuanyi	184
date of death	Henry Rich, 1st Earl of Holland KG KB PC (19 August 1590 (baptised) -- 9 March 1649), known as The Lord Kensington between 1623 and 1624, was an English courtier, peer and soldier.	Henry Rich, 1st Earl of Holland	9 March 1649
date of death	Giacomo Costa (14 December 1919 -- 22 January 2000) was an Italian Australian professional wrestler best known by his ring name, Al Costello.	Al Costello	22 January 2000
date of death	Lord Henry Murray (13 June 1767 -- 3 December 1805) was a soldier and administrator who served as the fourth Lieutenant Governor of the Isle of Man.	Lord Henry Murray	3 December 1805
date of death	Louisa Stevenson (15 July 1835--1908) was a Scottish campaigner for women's university education, women's suffrage and effective, well-organised nursing.	Louisa Stevenson	1908
date of death	George Reavey (1 May 1907 -- 11 August 1976) was a Russian-born Irish surrealist poet, publisher, translator and art collector.	George Reavey	11 August 1976
date of death	Gilbert Greenall, 1st Baron Daresbury DL (30 March 1867 -- 24 October 1938), known as Sir Gilbert Greenall, 2nd Baronet, from 1894 to 1927, was a British businessman.	Gilbert Greenall, 1st Baron Daresbury	24 October 1938
date of death	Matthew Habershon (1789--1852), was an English architect.	Matthew Habershon	1852
date of death	Richard Mowat or Mowatt (1865--1936) was a renowned and award-winning player of the Northumbrian smallpipes.	Richard Mowat	1936
date of death	Radoslav Brzobohatý (Czech pronunciation: (ˈradoslaf ˈbr̩zoboɦatiː); 13 September 1932 -- 12 September 2012) was a Czech film and television actor.	Radoslav Brzobohatý	12 September 2012
date of death	William Pierce Stubbs (1842--1909) or W.P. Stubbs was a marine painter in the Boston, Massachusetts, area in the 19th century.	William Pierce Stubbs	1909
date of death	Henri Dobert (1915--1943) was a member of the Buckmaster resistant cell during World War II. He was in charge of gathering information on building, location and troop movement in the Cabourg-Houlgate sector in Normandy.	Henri Dobert	1943
date of death	Warren Bruno (died 2012) was a restaurateur in Atlanta and a community leader in Atlanta's Virginia-Highland neighborhood.	Warren Bruno	2012
date of death	Sir Charles Solomon Henry, 1st Baronet (28 January 1860 -- 27 December 1919) was an Australian merchant and businessman who lived mostly in Britain and sat as a Liberal Member of Parliament (MP) in the House of Commons from 1906 until his death.	Charles Solomon Henry	27 December 1919
date of death	Manuel Afonso de Guerra was a Portuguese Bishop who served as Governor of Portuguese Cape Verde from 1622 until his death on 8 March 1624.	Manuel Afonso de Guerra	8 March 1624
date of death	Sir Francis Grant Ogilvie CB (8 August 1858 -- 14 December 1930) was a Scottish educator, museum director, and scientist.	Francis Grant Ogilvie	14 December 1930
date of death	Dhammazedi (Burmese: ဓမ္မစေတီ, pronounced: (dəma̰zèdì); c. 1409--1492) was the 16th king of the Hanthawaddy Kingdom in Burma from 1471 to 1492.	Dhammazedi	1492
date of death	Henry Edward Doyle CB (1827 -- 17 February 1893) was a British painter and draughtsman, and for 23 years the director of the National Gallery of Ireland.	Henry Edward Doyle	1893
date of death	Laura Drew, a.k.a. Singh Kaur or Lorellei (1955--1998) was a new-age music composer, vocalist and instrumentalist, who had a prolific career that lasted from the early 1970s to the late 1990s, releasing 23 albums.	Singh Kaur	1998
date of death	Bona Sijabat (c. 1800 -- 1862) was a well-respected and long-time chief of a Batak tribe.	Bona Sijabat	1862
date of death	Abu'l-Fawaris, better known by his regnal name Qawam al-Dawla (April 1000 -- October/November 1028), was the Buyid ruler of Kerman (1012--1028).	Qawam al-Dawla	1028
date of death	Franc Rozman, nom de guerre Stane (Slovene convention: Franc Rozman -- Stane) or Stane Mlinar, 27 March 1911 -- 7 November 1944), was a Slovene Partisan commander in World War II.	Franc Rozman	7 November 1944
date of death	Franciscus Bonae Spei (20 June 1617 -- 5 January 1677) was a Catholic scholastic theologian and philosopher.	Franciscus Bonae Spei	1677
date of death	Sheikh Liaquat Hussain (1929 -- 23 September 2009), was a Pakistani politician and political figure who was the Member of the National Assembly from 1997 until his death.	Sheikh Liaquat Hussain	23 September 2009
date of death	Abu Nasr Abdul Kahhar (also known as Sultan Haji or Haji of Banten) was the sultan of Banten from 1682 to 1687, who was largely responsible for subjugating Banten to the Dutch East India Company (VOC).	Abu Nasr Abdul Kahhar	1687
date of death	Robert Knight, 1st Earl of Catherlough, KB, (1702--1772), was a British Member of Parliament for Great Grimsby (1734--41, 1762--68), Castle Rising, Norfolk (1747--54) and Milborne Port, Somerset (1770--72).	Robert Knight, 1st Earl of Catherlough	1772
date of death	Alghu (d. 1265 or 1266) was a khan of the Chagatai Khanate (1260-1265/6).	Alghu	1265
date of death	Lu Ruilin (Chinese: 鲁瑞林) (1911--1999) was a People's Republic of China politician and People's Liberation Army major general.	Lu Ruilin	1999
date of death	Hoon Balakram (1876--1929) was an Indian mathematician, civil servant and Bombay High Court judge.	Hoon Balakram	1929
date of death	Sidney Clarence Garrison (1885--1945) was an American educator and psychologist.	Sidney Clarence Garrison	1945
date of death	Alardo de Popma (born before 1617; d. 1641) was a Flemish engraver, who worked in Madrid in the early seventeenth century, according to the earliest references to his works.	Alardo de Popma	1641
date of death	Larry Bimi (died 23 July 2011) was a Ghanaian lawyer and public official.	Larry Bimi	23 July 2011
date of death	Major Sir David Hughes-Morgan, 1st Baronet (c. 1870--16 March 1941), born David Hughes Morgan (he changed his surname to Hughes-Morgan by deed poll in 1925), was a Welsh solicitor and landowner.	David Hughes-Morgan	16 March 1941
date of death	Major-General John Tombs (1777--1848) was an officer in the British East India Company.	John Tombs	1848
date of death	Henryk Minkiewicz (19 January 1880 -- 9 April 1940) was a Polish socialist politician and a General of the Polish Army.	Henryk Minkiewicz	1940
date of death	Carl Raymond Gray (1867--1939) was an American railroad executive in the early 20th century.	Carl Raymond Gray	1939
date of death	Mimi Aguglia (21 December 1884 -- 31 July 1970) was an Italian actress, who was born in Catania, Sicily while her own mother, actress Giuseppina Aguglia, was playing Desdemona in Othello.	Mimi Aguglia	31 July 1970
date of death	Cyril Ritchard (1 December 1898 -- 18 December 1977) was an Australian stage, screen and television actor, and director.	Cyril Ritchard	18 December 1977
date of death	Choe Chang-ik (Hangul: 최창익, hanja: 崔昌益, 1896 in Onsong County -- 1960 in Pyongyang) was a Korean Independence activist, soldier, Social Movements.	Choe Chang-ik	1960
date of death	Brian Swatuk (9 July 1949 -- 13 December 2014) was a Canadian jockey in Thoroughbred horse racing.	Brian Swatuk	13 December 2014
date of death	Elisabeth Röhl; née Elisabeth Gohlke (born Landsberg an der Warthe 22 August 1888: died Düsseldorf 21 September 1930) was a German politician who unusually (at the time) was also a woman.	Elisabeth Röhl	21 September 1930
date of death	Count Kálmán Hunyady de Kéthely (born 13 October 1828, died 17 May 1901) was a Hungarian nobleman from the Hunyady family.	Kálmán Hunyady de Kéthely	17 May 1901
date of death	Bernardino Ludovisi (c. 1693 -- 11 December 1749), also called Bernardo, was an Italian sculptor.	Bernardino Ludovisi	1749
date of death	Søren Nielsen May (born in Helsingborg, died 16 September 1679 in Holbæk), also spelled Søren Nielsen Maj, was a Danish priest, who was parish priest and provost in Holbæk.	Søren Nielsen May	16 September 1679
date of death	Tibor Bitskey (20 September 1929 -- 2 February 2015) was a Hungarian television and film actor.	Tibor Bitskey	2 February 2015
date of death	Philibert Le Roy (died 1646) was a 17th-century French architect and military engineer who worked in the Baroque and classical styles.	Philibert Le Roy	1646
date of death	Leonard Mullins (1918 -- 19 September 1997) was a scientist and long-time Research Director at the former Malaysian Rubber Producers' Research Association.	Leonard Mullins	19 September 1997
date of death	Daniel Innes (ca. 1835--1918) operated dry-goods businesses in Illinois and Kansas and was a Los Angeles, California, real estate developer and investor.	Daniel Innes	1918
date of death	Ulrich Woronowicz (26 January 1928--7 December 2011) was an East German Protestant theologian and writer.	Ulrich Woronowicz	7 December 2011
date of death	Frederick William Sanderson (13 May 1857 -- 15 June 1922) was headmaster of Oundle School from 1892 until his death.	Frederick William Sanderson	1922
date of death	Peretz Kidron (29 July 1933 -- 6 November 2011) was an Israeli writer, journalist, and translator.	Peretz Kidron	6 November 2011
date of death	Professor Sir Edmund Happold (1930 - 12 January 1996), better known as Ted Happold, was a structural engineer and founder of Buro Happold.	Edmund Happold	12 January 1996
date of death	Jacob Fegth (also spelled Feght) (born 18 September 1761 at Tangen, Drammen, died 2 October 1834 at Tangen, Drammen) was a Norwegian timber merchant and ship-owner, and one of the largest timber merchants of Drammen in the early 19th century.	Jacob Fegth	2 October 1834
date of death	Blessed Luigi Caburlotto (7 June 1817 -- 6 July 1897) was an Italian priest and was the founder of the Daughters of Saint Joseph.	Luigi Caburlotto	6 July 1897
date of death	Tomás de Torrejón y Velasco Sánchez (23 December 1644 -- 23 April 1728) was a Spanish composer, musician and organist based in Peru, associated with the American Baroque.	Tomás de Torrejón y Velasco	23 April 1728
date of death	Zhang Chunqiao (Chinese: 张春桥; 1 February 1917 -- 21 April 2005) was a prominent Chinese political theorist, writer, and politician.	Zhang Chunqiao	21 April 2005
date of death	Edward Ayshford Sanford, FRS (23 May 1794 -- 1 December 1871) was a British Member of Parliament.	Edward Ayshford Sanford	1 December 1871
date of death	Angus MacVicar (28 October 1908, Argyll -- 31 October 2001, Campbeltown, Argyll and Bute) was a Scottish author with a wide-ranging output.	Angus MacVicar	31 October 2001
date of death	John Baughan (1754 -- 25 September 1797) was a carpenter who was convicted at Oxford, England, in 1783 as Baffen (alias Bingham and Baughan), and sentenced to be transported for 7 years for stealing 5 blankets.	John Baughan	25 September 1797
date of death	John Cargill Brough (11 February 1834 -- 7 September 1872), was a British science writer, lecturer, editor and librarian.	John Cargill Brough	7 September 1872
date of death	Edward Turberville or Turbervile (c. 1648 -- 1681) was a Welsh informer, who perjured himself in support of the allegations of a Popish Plot.	Edward Turberville	1681
date of death	Rik Renders (6 November 1922 -- 24 December 2008) was a Belgian racing cyclist.	Rik Renders	24 December 2008
date of death	Qamaruddin Butt (1914 -- 8 June 1974) was a Pakistani cricket player, writer and umpire.	Qamaruddin Butt	8 June 1974
date of death	Leonardo III Tocco was the last ruler of Epirus, from 1448 to 1479.	Leonardo III Tocco	1479
date of death	Amelia Jackson (1842--1925) was an accomplished musician and the wife of Rector W. W. Jackson of Exeter College, Oxford.	Amelia Jackson	1925
date of death	Edward Guthlac Sergeant (3 December 1881, Crowland, Lincolnshire -- 16 November 1961, Kingston upon Thames) was an English chess master.	Edward Guthlac Sergeant	16 November 1961
date of death	Adam Rapacki (24 December 1909--10 October 1970) was a Polish politician and diplomat	Adam Rapacki	10 October 1970
date of death	Baroness Kathleen Annie Pannonica de Koenigswarter (née Rothschild; 10 December 1913 -- 30 November 1988) was a British-born jazz patron and writer.	Pannonica de Koenigswarter	30 November 1988
date of death	Juho Niukkanen (27 July 1888 in Kirvu -- 17 May 1954 in Helsinki) was a Finnish politician prior to, during, and after the Winter War.	Juho Niukkanen	17 May 1954
date of death	Uwe Gronostay (25 October 1939 -- 29 November 2008) was a German choral conductor and composer.	Uwe Gronostay	29 November 2008
date of death	Bernhard Rawitz (23 August 1857, Ostrowo - 28 December 1932) was a German military physician, anatomist and zoologist.	Bernhard Rawitz	28 December 1932
date of death	Peter Goelet (1727 - 1811) was a merchant and real estate entrepreneur of New York City.	Peter Goelet	1811
date of death	Maurycy Orzech (Polish pronunciation: (mauˈrɨt͡sɨ ˈɔʐɛx); nom de guerre: Janczyn; 1891 -- August 1943, Warsaw) was a Polish-Jewish economist, journalist, politician and a leader of the Jewish Bund in interwar Poland.	Maurycy Orzech	1943
date of death	Rosabelle Osborne, CBE, RRC (died 8 May 1958) was Principal Matron at the British War Office, 1924.	Rosabelle Osborne	8 May 1958
date of death	Gerald Oshita (1942--1992) was an American musician, composer, and sound recordist.	Gerald Oshita	1992
date of death	Franz Ignaz von Streber (11 February 1758 -- 26 April 1841) was a German numismatist and theologian from Reisbach, Lower Bavaria.	Franz Ignaz von Streber	26 April 1841
date of death	Sheikh Mohammed Aboulkhair Zaki Badawi (Arabic: الشيخ محمد أبو الخير زكي بدوي‎), KBE, GCFO (14 January 1922 -- 24 January 2006) was a prominent Egyptian Islamic scholar, community activist, and promoter of interfaith-dialogue.	Zaki Badawi	24 January 2006
date of death	His Honour Alan George Weall Coulthard (20 January 1924 -- 25 June 1988), was a British judge, broadcaster, writer and Liberal Party politician.	Alan George Weall Coulthard	25 June 1988
date of death	Henry J. Oosting (March 12, 1903-October 30, 1968) was an American ecologist and professor.	Henry J. Oosting	1968
date of death	Rowland Meyrick (Merrick) (1505--1566) was a Welsh bishop of Bangor.	Rowland Meyrick	1566
date of death	Kujō Michiie (九条 道家) (1193--1252) was a Japanese regent in the 13th century.	Kujō Michiie	1252
date of death	Edward Crofton, 2nd Baron Crofton (1 August 1806 -- 17 December 1869), known as Sir Edward Crofton, 4th Baronet, from 1816 to 1817, was an Anglo-Irish Conservative politician.	Edward Crofton, 2nd Baron Crofton	17 December 1869
date of death	Louis Van Zelst (1895-1915) was a batboy, mascot, and good luck charm for the Philadelphia Athletics from 1910 to 1914.	Louis Van Zelst	1915
date of death	Dimitrios Botsaris (Greek: Δημήτριος Μπότσαρης, 1813--1871) was a Greek Army officer and Minister of War.	Dimitrios Botsaris	1871
date of death	Sir Hugh Segrave or Seagrave (died c. 1387) was a Lord Keeper of the Great Seal and Treasurer of England under Richard II of England.	Hugh Segrave	1387
date of death	Eduardo Lefebvre Scovell (1864--1918) was a British artist who was born on 26 August 1864.	Eduardo Lefebvre Scovell	1918
date of death	Yasa'ur (died 1320) was a Chagatai prince who launched a revolt against the Ilkhan Abu Sa'id.	Yasa'ur	1320
date of death	William Cowper, 1st Earl Cowper PC KC FRS (c. 1665 -- 10 October 1723) was an English politician who became the first Lord Chancellor of Great Britain.	William Cowper, 1st Earl Cowper	10 October 1723
date of death	Matilda of Flanders (French: Mathilde de Flandre; Dutch: Mathilda van Vlaanderen) (c. 1031 -- 2 November 1083) was the wife of William the Conqueror and, as such, Queen of England.	Matilda of Flanders	2 November 1083
date of death	Adolius (Greek: 'Αδόλιος, d. 543) was a Byzantine silentiarius and military officer, active in the reign of Justinian I (r. 527--565).	Adolius	543
date of death	George Newell Bowers (1849-1909, active 1872-1906) was an American painter in Springfield, Massachusetts.	George Newell Bowers	1909
date of death	John William Norie (1772 in London -- 1843), was a mathematician, hydrographer, chart maker and publisher of nautical books most famous for his Epitome of Practical Navigation (1805) which became a standard work on navigation and went through many editions as did many of Norie's works.	John William Norie	1843
date of death	Howard Gaye (1878--1955) was a British actor who worked mainly in the United States.	Howard Gaye	1955
date of death	Hermann Schreiber (21 August 1882 -- 27 September 1954) was a German doctor of philosophy, rabbi and journalist.	Hermann Schreiber	27 September 1954
date of death	Concemore Thomas Thwaites Cramp (19 March 1876--13 July 1933), known as Charlie Cramp, was a British trade unionist and political activist.	Charlie Cramp	13 July 1933
date of death	Pearse Hutchinson (1927 -- 14 January 2012) was an Irish poet, broadcaster and translator.	Pearse Hutchinson	14 January 2012
date of death	Francesco Martelli (1633 -- 28 September 1717) was an Italian Roman Catholic Cardinal.	Francesco Martelli	28 September 1717
date of death	Thomas Chaplin (1591--1672) was an English draper and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1659 and 1660.	Thomas Chaplin	1672
date of death	Tim Coffey (d. 8 November 1999) was an Irish soccer player.	Tim Coffey	8 November 1999
date of death	Richard Traubner (November 24, 1946 -- February 25, 2013) was an American journalist, author, operetta scholar and historian, and lecturer on theatre and (mostly musical) film.	Richard Traubner	2013
date of death	Svatopluk Pluskal (28 October 1930 -- 29 May 2005) was a Czechoslovak footballer and holder of a silver medal from the World Cup in Chile in 1962.	Svatopluk Pluskal	29 May 2005
date of death	James Hoey Craigie TD FRIBA (7 May 1870 -- 30 March 1930) was a Scottish architect.	James Hoey Craigie	30 March 1930
date of death	Johnny Murray (25 February 1898,-- 12 November 1954) was an Irish soccer player during the 1920s.	Johnny Murray	1954
date of death	Sandor Salgo (Hungarian: Salgó Sándor; Budapest, 10 March 1909-Palo Alto, California, 2007) was a Hungarian-born Jewish composer, conductor, and violist who emigrated to America in 1937.	Sandor Salgo	2007
date of death	James Carnegie, 9th Earl of Southesk KT (16 November 1827 -- 21 February 1905) was a Scottish nobleman.	James Carnegie, 9th Earl of Southesk	21 February 1905
date of death	Harold Wesley George (c. 1887 -- 10 May 1915) was an Australian representative rugby union prop forward who saw active service and fell in World War I.	Harold Wesley George	10 May 1915
date of death	Dr. George D. Winter (1927-1981) was the British-born pioneer of moist wound healing.	George D. Winter	1981
date of death	Henry Peyto-Verney, 16th Baron Willoughby de Broke and de jure 24th Baron Latimer (1773--1852) was a peer in the peerage of England.	Henry Peyto-Verney, 16th Baron Willoughby de Broke	1852
date of death	W. S. Bodey (1814 -- 1859) was a prospector from Poughkeepsie, New York who discovered gold in Eastern California.	W. S. Bodey	1859
date of death	Wang Buwen (zh: 王步文, pinyin: Wáng Bùwén) (b. 13 January 1898 - d. 31 May 1931) was a Chinese politician in service to the Republic of China and the People's Republic of China.	Wang Buwen	31 May 1931
date of death	Eugenios Eugenidis (Greek: Ευγένιος Ευγενίδης, December 1882 -- April 1954) was a prominent Greek shipping magnate of the 20th century.	Eugenios Eugenidis	April 1954
date of death	Henri Teixeira de Mattos (1856--1908), was a 19th-century Dutch sculptor.	Henri Teixeira de Mattos	1908
date of death	Alfieri Maserati (23 September 1887 -- 3 March 1932) was an Italian automotive engineer, known for establishing and leading the Maserati racing car manufacturer with the other Maserati Brothers.	Alfieri Maserati	3 March 1932
date of death	Ali Çetinkaya, also known as ``Kel'' Ali Bey (1878--21 February 1949) was an Ottoman Army officer and Turkish politician who served eight terms in the Grand National Assembly of Turkey, including a period in 1939--40 as his country's first Minister of Transport.	Ali Çetinkaya	1949
date of death	James Rennell Rodd, 1st Baron Rennell GCB GCMG GCVO PC (9 November 1858--26 July 1941), known as Sir Rennell Rodd before 1933, was a British diplomat, poet and politician.	Rennell Rodd, 1st Baron Rennell	26 July 1941
date of death	William Hales (8 April 1747 -- 30 January 1831) was an Irish clergyman and scientific writer.	William Hales	30 January 1831
date of death	Zhu Dexi (Chinese: 朱德熙; pinyin: Zhū Déxī; 1920--1992) was a Chinese linguist, grammarian, and educator.	Zhu Dexi	1992
date of death	Ursula Günther (15 June 1927 -- 20 or 21 November 2006) was a German musicologist specializing in the fourteenth and early fifteenth centuries and the music of Giuseppe Verdi.	Ursula Günther	21 November 2006
date of death	Paul de Foix de Carmain (1528--1584) was a French prelate and diplomat.	Paul de Foix	1584
date of death	Michael Maybrick (31 January 1841 -- 26 August 1913) was an English composer and singer, best known under his pseudonym Stephen Adams as the composer of ``The Holy City,'' one of the most popular religious songs in English.	Michael Maybrick	26 August 1913
date of death	Ygo Gales Galama (c. 1443 -- 25 January 1492) was a 15th-century Frisian warlord and Galama-patriarch.	Ygo Gales Galama	25 January 1492
date of death	Roseo José Dagdag Rosales, Jr. (24 March 1974 -- 4 December 2011) also known as RJ Rosales, was a Filipino Australian singer, actor, musical theatre performer and TV presenter.	RJ Rosales	4 December 2011
date of death	Marie-Anne Fragonard, née Gérard,(1745--1823) was a French painter of portrait miniatures.	Marie-Anne Fragonard	1823
date of death	Hazel Bell Wines (1885--April 1949) was a US teacher, politician, artist, and organizer for historical preservation in Nevada.	Hazel Bell Wines	April 1949
date of death	Leo Passianos (died 22 June 1017) was the Byzantine general sent by the Catapan of Italy Leo Tornikios Kontoleon to fight the Lombard rebel Melus of Bari in 1017.	Leo Passianos	22 June 1017
date of death	Gáspár Heltai (born: Kaspar Helth) (c. 1490--1574) was a Transylvanian Saxon writer and printer.	Gáspár Heltai	1574
date of death	Anton Schwarzkopf (8 July 1924 -- 30 July 2001) was a German engineer of amusement rides, and founder of the Schwarzkopf Industries Company, which built numerous amusement rides and large roller coasters for both amusement parks and travelling funfairs.	Anton Schwarzkopf	30 July 2001
date of death	Laura Henderson (6 December 1863 -- 29 November 1944) born Laura Forster, rose to prominence in the 1930s when, as a wealthy and eccentric widow, she founded the Windmill Theatre in London's Great Windmill Street, in partnership with Vivian van Damm.	Laura Henderson	29 November 1944
date of death	Sir Philip Carteret, 2nd Baronet (c. 1650--1693), also known as Philippe de Carteret IV, was the 5th Seigneur of Sark from 1663 to 1693.	Sir Philip Carteret, 2nd Baronet	1693
date of death	Frederick Tatham (31 July 1805 -- 29 July 1878) was an English artist who was a member of the Shoreham Ancients, a group of followers of William Blake.	Frederick Tatham	1878
date of death	Nissim Eliad (Hebrew: נסים אליעד‎, 1 July 1919 -- 15 November 2014) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Independent Liberals between 1968 and 1977.	Nissim Eliad	15 November 2014
date of death	Robert Brough (1872 -- 21 January 1905) was a Scottish painter born in Invergordon, Ross and Cromarty.	Robert Brough	21 January 1905
date of death	Frederick Victor Branford (1892--1941) was a British poet, known for verse of World War I and the years after.	Frederick Victor Branford	1941
date of death	Rusiate Nayacakalou (1927--1972) was a Fijian social anthropologist who was a graduate of the universities of New Zealand and London.	Rusiate Nayacakalou	1972
date of death	Lama Dampa Sonam Gyaltsen (16 May 1312 - 23 July 1375), in orthographic spelling bLa ma dam pa bsod nams rgyal mts'an, was a ruler of Sakya which had a precedence position in Tibet under the Yuan dynasty.	Lama Dampa Sonam Gyaltsen	1375
date of death	Margrethe Vullum (born Lehmann; first married name Rode; 14 February 1846 -- 14 August 1918) was a Danish-born Norwegian journalist, literary critic and proponent for women's rights.	Margrethe Vullum	14 August 1918
date of death	Mario Soffici (14 May 1900 -- 10 May 1977) was an Italian born Argentine film director, actor and screenwriter of the classic era.	Mario Soffici	10 May 1977
date of death	Elias Riggs (November 19, 1810 -- January 17, 1901) was an American Presbyterian missionary and linguist born in New Providence, New Jersey.	Elias Riggs	1901
date of death	William Sidell (30 May 1915 -- 2 October 1994) was a carpenter and an American labor leader.	William Sidell	2 October 1994
date of death	Eliza Greene Metcalf Radeke (1854-1931) was the president of the Rhode Island School of Design (RISD) in Providence, Rhode Island from 1913 to 1931 and was the daughter of RISD co-founder Helen Adelia Rowe Metcalf.	Eliza Greene Metcalf Radeke	1931
date of death	Anne Woodville, Viscountess Bourchier (c. 1438 -- 30 July 1489) was an English noblewoman.	Anne Woodville	30 July 1489
date of death	Walter Clement Powell (1850--1883) was an American photographer and the first cousin of Major John Wesley Powell.	Walter Clement Powell	1883
date of death	Árpád Házi (20 September 1908 -- 13 November 1970) was a Hungarian communist politician, who served as Interior Minister between 1951 and 1952.	Árpád Házi	13 November 1970
date of death	Saint Guiraud (1070--1123) was a bishop of Béziers of the twelfth century He is said to have been the second prior of Cassan Abbey.	Guiraud	1123
date of death	George Passantino (1922--2004) was an American artist, teacher, and author.	George Passantino	2004
date of death	John II Orsini, also John Komnenos Doukas or Comnenus Ducas (Greek: Ἰωάννης Κομνηνός Δούκας, Iōannēs Komnēnos Doukas, Italian: Giovanni II Orsini), was count palatine of Cephalonia from 1323 to 1324 and Despot of Epirus from 1323 to 1335.	John II Orsini	1335
date of death	Sir Laurence Esmonde, 1st Baron Esmonde (1570?--1646), was an Irish peer who held office as governor of the crucial fort of Duncannon.	Laurence Esmonde, 1st Baron Esmonde	1646
date of death	Al-Layth ibn Ali ibn al-Layth (died 928) was amir of the Saffarid amirate from 909 until 910.	Al-Layth	928
date of death	Charles Mahoney, O.F.M., (or Mahony; alias Charles Meehan; ca. 1640 -- 12 August 1679) was an Irish Friar Minor, who is honored as a Catholic martyr, one of the Eighty-five martyrs of England and Wales beatified by Pope John Paul II in 1987.	Charles Mahoney	12 August 1679
date of death	Rufius Antonius Agrypnius Volusianus (died 6 January 437) was a fifth-century Roman aristocrat who held at least two important posts during the reign of the emperor Honorius.	Rufius Antonius Agrypnius Volusianus	437
date of death	João Pereira dos Santos or Mestre João Pequeno de Pastinha (27 December 1917 -- 9 December 2011) as he was known within capoeira circles.	João Pereira dos Santos	9 December 2011
date of death	Roger Palmer, 1st Earl of Castlemaine, PC (1634--1705) was an English courtier, diplomat, and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660.	Roger Palmer, 1st Earl of Castlemaine	1705
date of death	David de Berry (1952--1995) was a U.S. composer of theater music as well as an actor and music director.	David de Berry	1995
date of death	Edwin Daniel (1981--2008) was a Mexican artist, painter and illustrator.	Edwin Daniel	2008
date of death	Simon Kaspé (died 1933) was a Jewish resident of Harbin, Manchuria, who was kidnapped, ransomed, tortured and murdered by a gang of fascist Russian criminals under the influence of Konstantin Rodzaevsky.	Simon Kaspé	1933
date of death	Bogusław IX; (1407/1410 -- 7 December 1446) was a duke of Pomerania in Pomerania-Stolp, whose residence was Stargard.	Bogusław IX	7 December 1446
date of death	William Chapman Foster (27 April 1897 - 15 October 1984) was an American businessman and high-ranking government official.	William Chapman Foster	15 October 1984
date of death	Gaston Sant Blanc (1759--1820) was a self-educated French watchmaker, the founder of the Sant Blanc watch and jewelry company.	Gaston Sant Blanc	1820
date of death	John III Potho of Pothenstein (also spelled Pottenstein; d. 1390) was Bishop of Bishopric of Münster from 1379 to 1382.	John III Potho of Pothenstein	1390
date of death	Georges-André Chevallaz (7 February 1915 -- 8 September 2002) was a Swiss historian, politician and member of the Swiss Federal Council (1974--1983).	Georges-André Chevallaz	8 September 2002
date of death	Levi Weeks (1776--1819) was the accused in the infamous Manhattan Well Murder trial of 1800, the first murder trial in the United States for which there is a recorded transcript.	Levi Weeks	1819
date of death	George Lily (died 1559) was an English Roman Catholic priest, humanist scholar, biographer, topographer and cartographer.	George Lily	1559
date of death	Vytautas Sakalauskas (24 April 1933 -- 29 May 2001) was a Soviet Lithuanian politician who was the last Chairman of the Council of Ministers (Prime Minister) of the Lithuanian Soviet Socialist Republic before Lithuanian independence in 1990.	Vytautas Sakalauskas	29 May 2001
date of death	Gertrud Grunow (8 July 1870 -- 11 June 1944) was a German composer, associated with the Bauhaus design school where she taught courses on musical composition and theory.	Gertrud Grunow	1944
date of death	Petter Moe-Johansen, usually known as P. Moe-Johansen (16 October 1882 -- 1 April 1952) was a Norwegian newspaper editor and politician for the Labour and Social Democratic Labour parties.	P. Moe-Johansen	1 April 1952
date of death	Lizzie Higgins (1929-1993) was an Aberdeenshire ballad singer.	Lizzie Higgins	1993
date of death	Pieter Paulus (9 April 1754 -- 17 March 1796) was a Dutch jurist, admiral-fiscal and politician.	Pieter Paulus	17 March 1796
date of death	Frederick Carlisle (4 November 1849 -- 22 October 1920) was an English cricketer active in 1869 who played for Lancashire.	Frederick Carlisle	22 October 1920
date of death	Jama Mohamud Takar (Somali: Jaamac (Joocaar) Maxamuud Takar) (1930s -- November 2008) was a senior Somali politician and one of the leaders of Mohamed Muumin, a Leelkase sub-clan.	Jama Mohamud Takar	2008
date of death	Charles Fielding (or Feilding; 2 July 1738 -- 11 January 1783) was a British naval officer who gained brief notoriety for his role in the Affair of Fielding and Bylandt in the run-up to the Fourth Anglo-Dutch War.	Charles Fielding	11 January 1783
date of death	Saint Maughold (Macaille, Maccaldus, Machalus, Machaoi, Machella, Maghor, Mawgan, Maccul, Macc Cuill) of Man (died ca. 488 AD) is venerated as the patron saint of the Isle of Man.	Maughold	488
date of death	Gabriel Ramushwana (1 July 1941 -- 12 January 2015) was a head of state of the South African Bantustan Venda (1990--1994).	Gabriel Ramushwana	12 January 2015
date of death	Herbert Hensley Henson (8 November 1863 -- 27 September 1947) was an Anglican priest, scholar and controversialist.	Hensley Henson	1947
date of death	Carl Fehmer (November 10, 1838 -- 1917) was a prominent Boston architect during the 19th century, and Emerson and Fehmer was a partnership of Fehmer and William Ralph Emerson.	Carl Fehmer	1917
date of death	Sir Macpherson Robertson KBE (6 September 1859 -- 20 August 1945) was an Australian philanthropist, entrepreneur and founder of confectionery company MacRobertson's.	Macpherson Robertson	20 August 1945
date of death	Clarrie Featherston (11 December 1892 -- 22 June 1964) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Clarrie Featherston	22 June 1964
date of death	Christos Hatzipetros (Greek: Χρήστος Χατζηπέτρος, 1873--1945) was a Greek artillery officer who rose to the rank of Major General.	Christos Hatzipetros	1945
date of death	Marlo Lewis (September 15, 1915 -- June 8, 1993) was an American executive producer of variety and comedy shows for CBS and is well known for co-producing the famous Ed Sullivan Show.	Marlo Lewis	1993
date of death	Ethel Watts Mumford (1876 or 78? -- 1940) was an American author from New York.	Ethel Watts Mumford	1940
date of death	John Smith Clarke (4 February 1885 -- 30 January 1959) was a British lion tamer, politician, poet, newspaper editor and art expert.	John Smith Clarke	30 January 1959
date of death	Johanna Budwig (30 September 1908 -- 19 May 2003) was a German biochemist and author.	Johanna Budwig	19 May 2003
date of death	Henry Wainwright (died 21 December 1875) was an English murderer.	Henry Wainwright	21 December 1875
date of death	Oswald Martyn (10 January 1887 -- 14 September 1959) was an English cricketer who played for Essex.	Oswald Martyn	14 September 1959
date of death	Derek Waring (born Derek Barton-Chapple; 26 April 1927 -- 20 February 2007) was an English actor who is best remembered for playing Detective Inspector Goss in Z-Cars from 1969 to 1973.	Derek Waring	20 February 2007
date of death	Will Seymour Monroe (1863 Hunlock, Pennsylvania -- 1939) was a United States educator.	Will Seymour Monroe	1939
date of death	Xue Muqiao (Chinese: 薛暮桥; pinyin: Xuē Mùqiáo; 25 October 1904 - 22 July 2005) was a Chinese economist.	Xue Muqiao	22 July 2005
date of death	Satinath Bhaduri (27 September 1906 -- 30 March 1965) was a Bengali Indian novelist and politician.	Satinath Bhaduri	30 March 1965
date of death	Dora Meeson (1869--1955) was an Australian Artist and an elected member of the Royal Institute of Oil Painters in London, England.	Dora Meeson	1955
date of death	Giuseppe Benoni (1618--1684) was an Italian architect, active during the Baroque period, mainly in Venice.	Giuseppe Benoni	1684
date of death	Joshua Percy Flowers (1903 -- 1982) began purchasing land in the early years of the Great Depression to farm cotton and tobacco, and it produced crops until the 1970s.	Percy Flowers	1982
date of death	Rudolf van Reest (12 April 1897 in Rotterdam -- 29 November 1979 in Groenekan) was the pseudonym of the Dutch writer Karel Cornelis van Spronsen.	Rudolf van Reest	29 November 1979
date of death	Elizabeth Audrey Withers OBE (28 March 1905 -- 26 October 2001), known as Audrey Withers, was an English journalist, also active as a member of the Council of Industrial Design.	Audrey Withers	26 October 2001
date of death	William Hugh Beeton, CMG (14 October 1903 - 26 March 1976) was the Chief Commissioner of Ashanti, which became Ghana in 1957.	William Hugh Beeton	26 March 1976
date of death	Thomas Barrasford (1859--1910) was a 19th-century English business entrepreneur and entertainment impresario, who owned and built a number of theatres across Britain under the Barrasford Halls brand.	Thomas Barrasford	1910
date of death	John de Vars Hazard MC (18 August 1888 -- 12 June 1968) was a British Army officer and mountaineer who took part in the 1924 British Mount Everest expedition, most famous for the disappearance of the mountaineers George Mallory and Andrew ``Sandy'' Irvine.	John de Vars Hazard	12 June 1968
date of death	Sir Harold Basil Houldsworth, 2nd Baronet (21 July 1922 -- 24 March 1990) was a British anæsthetist and Liberal Party politician.	Basil Houldsworth	24 March 1990
date of death	Jesper Mattson Cruus af Edeby (1576--1622) was a Swedish soldier and politician, being appointed Privy Councilor in 1612, Field Marshal in 1615, Lord High Treasurer in 1615, and Governor of Riga in 1621.	Jesper Mattson Cruus af Edeby	1622
date of death	Ahmet Turan Emeksiz (b. 1940 - d. 28 April 1960) was a Turkish university student who was killed in 1960 street demonstrations.	Turan Emeksiz	28 April 1960
date of death	Bhau Kalchuri (January 13, 1927 -- 23 October 2013), born Vir Singh Kalchuri, was an Indian author, poet, trust administrator, and one of Meher Baba's mandali (close disciples).	Bhau Kalchuri	23 October 2013
date of death	Joseph E. Hollingsworth (1908--1975), who went by Joe E. Hollingsworth, was appointed in 1961 to replace Charles Navarro as Los Angeles City Council member for the racially mixed 10th district.	Joe E. Hollingsworth	1975
date of death	Peter Helck (1893-1988) was an American illustrator who specialized in depicting racecars.	Peter Helck	1988
date of death	Edward Trollope (1817--1893) was an antiquary and an Anglican Bishop of Nottingham in the Victorian era.	Edward Trollope	1893
date of death	Ezekiel, Freiherr von Spanheim (also Ézéchiel, and known as Baron Spanheim) (7 December 1629 -- 7 November 1710) was a Swiss diplomat and scholar.	Ezekiel, Freiherr von Spanheim	7 November 1710
date of death	Samuel Thomas Bloomfield (1790 -- 28 September 1869) was an English clergyman and Biblical textual critic.	Samuel Thomas Bloomfield	1869
date of death	Christopher Goodman BD (1520--1603) was an English reforming clergyman and writer.	Christopher Goodman	1603
date of death	Celestina Sommer (1 July 1827 -- 11 April 1859) was a Victorian murderess, notorious as much for her escape from the death penalty as for the murder of her only daughter.	Celestina Sommer	1859
date of death	Alfred John Jukes-Browne, FRS FGS (16 April 1851 - 14 August 1914) was a British invertebrate palaeontologist and stratigrapher.	Alfred John Jukes-Browne	14 August 1914
date of death	Dou Yizhi (竇易直) (died April 29, 833), courtesy name Zongxuan (宗玄), formally Duke Gonghui of Jinyang (晉陽恭惠公), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reigns of Emperor Jingzong and Emperor Wenzong.	Dou Yizhi	833
date of death	Jean Servais (French: (sɛʁvɛ); 24 September 1910 -- 17 February 1976) was a Belgian film and stage actor.	Jean Servais	17 February 1976
date of death	Christopher Urswick (1448? -- 1522) was a priest and confessor of Margaret Beaufort.	Christopher Urswick	1522
date of death	Robert Munro, 1st Baron Alness GBE PC KC DL (28 May 1868 -- 6 October 1955) was a Scottish lawyer, judge and Liberal politician.	Robert Munro, 1st Baron Alness	6 October 1955
date of death	Donald MacInnes, born Donald McInnes, (26 May 1824 -- 1 December 1900) was a Canadian businessman and politician.	Donald MacInnes	1 December 1900
date of death	Frederick Royden Chalmers CMG, DSO (4 January 1881 -- 25 March 1943) was an Australian farmer, soldier, businessman, and government administrator.	Frederick Royden Chalmers	25 March 1943
date of death	Boris Smirnoff (1903 - 2007) was a Franco-Russian cubist, avant-gardist and analytical art painter.	Boris Smirnoff	2007
date of death	Jyotiba Rao Scindia (1726 - January 1760) was the third son of Ranoji Rao Scindia and Maina Bai.	Jyotiba Rao Scindia	1760
date of death	Sharon Tandy (born Sharon Finkelstein; 18 September 1943 -- 21 March 2015) was a South African singer who achieved some success in the United Kingdom in the 1960s as part of the blue-eyed soul and psychedelic movements.	Sharon Tandy	21 March 2015
date of death	Kurt Hutton, born Kurt Hübschmann (1893--1960), was a German-born photographer who pioneered photojournalism in England.	Kurt Hutton	1960
date of death	Ross Tollerton VC (6 May 1890 -- 7 May 1931) born in Hurlford, Ayrshire, was a Scottish recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Ross Tollerton	7 May 1931
date of death	Laurents Hallager (12 November 1777 -- 2 February 1825) was a Norwegian physician and lexicographer.	Laurents Hallager	2 February 1825
date of death	Demetrios Palaiologos or Demetrius Palaeologus (Greek: Δημήτριος Παλαιολόγος, Dēmētrios Palaiologos; ca. 1407--1470) was a Byzantine prince and Despot.	Demetrios Palaiologos	1470
date of death	Mikhail Dmitriyevich Bonch-Bruyevich (Russian: Михаи́л Дми́триевич Бонч-Бруе́вич; 24 February (O.S. 12 February) 1870 -- 3 August 1956) was an Imperial Russian and Soviet military commander, Lieutenant General (1944).	Mikhail Dmitriyevich Bonch-Bruyevich	3 August 1956
date of death	Ambrose Fernando (1912 -- 11 January 1999) was an Indian businessman and politician.	Ambrose Fernando	1999
date of death	Louisa Lawrence (1803--1855) was an English horticulturist in the second quarter of the 19th century.	Louisa Lawrence	1855
date of death	Daniel Higford Davall Burr JP DL (24 March 1811 -- 29 November 1885) was a British Member of Parliament and Justice of the Peace.	Daniel Higford Davall Burr	29 November 1885
date of death	Solomon Molcho (Hebrew: שלמה מולכו‎ Shelomo Molkho), or Molko, originally Diogo Pires, (1500 -- 13 December 1532) was a Portuguese mystic and pseudomessiah.	Solomon Molcho	13 December 1532
date of death	Mangsong Mangtsen (Tibetan: མང་སྲོང་མང་བཙན), Trimang Löntsen or Khri-mang-slon-rtsan (r. 650--676 CE) succeeded to the throne after the death of his grandfather, Songtsän Gampo, and was the second emperor of the newly created Tibetan Empire.	Mangsong Mangtsen	676
date of death	William Graham, 7th Earl of Menteith, 1st Earl of Airth (c.1591--1661), was a 17th-century Scottish nobleman.	William Graham, 7th Earl of Menteith	1661
date of death	Michael Keogh, known as Max Keogh (died April 2001) was a nationalist politician and journalist in Northern Ireland.	Michael Keogh	2001
date of death	Thorvald Wilhelmsen (14 February 1912 -- 13 September 1996) was a Norwegian long-distance runner who specialized in the 10,000 metres.	Thorvald Wilhelmsen	13 September 1996
date of death	Elizabeth Smith-Stanley, Countess of Derby (née Hamilton; 26 January 1753 -- 14 March 1797) was an English peeress.	Elizabeth Smith-Stanley, Countess of Derby	14 March 1797
date of death	Navaratna Rama Rao (May 27, 1877 -- 1960) was an Indian writer based in Mysore.	Navaratna Rama Rao	1960
date of death	Charles Hickman (1648 -- 18 November 1713), an Anglican divine in the Church of Ireland, was Bishop of Derry from 1703 to 1713.	Charles Hickman	18 November 1713
date of death	Ernest Kidd (25 May 1900 -- 1974) was a footballer who played in the Football League for Ashington and Wigan Borough.	Ernest Kidd	1974
date of death	Nashil Pichen Kazembe (1932--1991) was a Zambian singer from Luapula province (close to the Congolese (DRC) border) who became an African music star in the 1970s.	Nashil Pichen	1991
date of death	Aziz Ali al-Misri (1879--1965) was an Egyptian officer and politician.	Aziz Ali al-Misri	1965
date of death	Dr. Marguerite Rawalt (16 October 1895 -- 16 December 1989) was an American writer and lawyer who lobbied in Congress on behalf of women's rights.	Marguerite Rawalt	16 December 1989
date of death	Harry Fainlight (1935--1982) was a British/American poet associated with the Beats movement.	Harry Fainlight	1982
date of death	Monroe Dunaway Anderson (1873--1939) was a banker and cotton trader from Jackson, Tennessee.	Monroe Dunaway Anderson	1939
date of death	Lefteri (?-died 1872) was a 19th-century Greek bandit leader active in the area around the Ottoman capital Constantinople and the region of Bithynia.	Lefteri	1872
date of death	Dr Charles Francis Potter (1885-1962) was an American Unitarian minister, theologian and author.	Charles Francis Potter	1962
date of death	Claudia Testoni (19 December 1915 -- 17 July 1998), was an Italian hurdler, sprinter and long jumper.	Claudia Testoni	17 July 1998
date of death	James Heane CB, CMG, DSO (29 December 1874 -- 20 August 1954) was an Australian Army colonel and temporary brigadier general in World War I. He retired in 1935 as a brigadier general.	James Heane	20 August 1954
date of death	Wolfgang Ludwig Krafft (25 August 1743 -- 20 November 1814) was a German astronomer and physicist.	Wolfgang Ludwig Krafft	20 November 1814
date of death	Miró II of Cerdanya and I of Besalú (878?-927), was count of Cerdanya from 897 to 927 and of Besalú from 920 to 927.	Miró II of Cerdanya	927
date of death	Coombe Hall (1871--1932) was a Scottish footballer who played in the Football League for Blackburn Rovers.	Coombe Hall	1932
date of death	Hieromartyr Clement, Bishop of Ancyra or simply Clement of Ancyra (c. 258-312) (born in Ancyra present-day Turkey) was a bishop who served during the rule of Roman emperor Diocletian.	Clement of Ancyra	312
date of death	Catherine Winkworth (13 September 1827 -- 1 July 1878) was an English-language translator from London.	Catherine Winkworth	1 July 1878
date of death	Mayor Manuel Egozcue Cintrón died shortly after in 1906.	Manuel Egozcue Cintrón	1906
date of death	Henry Filmer (died 1543) was a 16th-century English Protestant martyr, one of the Windsor Martyrs, during the reign of Henry VIII. Filmer was a Protestant tailor and church warden of St John's Church at Windsor who complained about the overly Catholic sermons of the vicar.	Henry Filmer	1543
date of death	Alice Stopford Green (30 May 1847 -- 28 May 1929) was an Irish historian and nationalist.	Alice Stopford Green	28 May 1929
date of death	George Kinnaird, 1st Lord Kinnaird (c. 1622--29 December 1689) was a 17th-century Scottish aristocrat.	George Kinnaird, 1st Lord Kinnaird	29 December 1689
date of death	Cathal mac Muiredaig Muillethan (died 735) was a King of Connacht from the Uí Briúin branch of the Connachta.	Cathal mac Muiredaig	735
date of death	Charles van der Stappen (also Karl Van der Stappen; 19 September 1843 -- 21 October 1910), was a Belgian sculptor, born in Saint-Josse-ten-Noode.	Charles van der Stappen	21 October 1910
date of death	Josef Nassy (1904--1976) was a black expatriate artist of Jewish descent.	Josef Nassy	1976
date of death	Moses Soave was an Italian Hebraist; born in Venice March 28, 1820; died there November 27, 1882.	Moses Soave	1882
date of death	Arthur Raistrick (1896--1991) was a British geologist, archaeologist, academic, and writer.	Arthur Raistrick	1991
date of death	Dr. John Herbert Claiborne (March 16, 1828 -- 1905) was a prominent Virginia politician and a leading medical administrator commanding a series of hospitals serving wounded Confederate soldiers during the American Civil War.	John Herbert Claiborne	1905
date of death	Glenn Canfield, Jr. (September 20, 1935--January 30, 2006) was an American metallurgist and businessman.	Glenn Canfield, Jr.	2006
date of death	Aldo Cláudio Felipe Bonadei, also known as Aldo Bonadei (São Paulo June 17, 1906 -- São Paulo, January 16, 1974) was a Brazilian painter of Italian descent.	Aldo Bonadei	1974
date of death	Fred Fontaine (15 July 1874 - 9 December 1957) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Fred Fontaine	9 December 1957
date of death	Rabindra Nath Upadhyay (1923--2010) was an Indian social worker, Gandhian and the founder of Tamulpur Anchalik Gramdan Sangha (TAGS), a non governmental organization working for the social development of the rural people in the Kumarikata village of Assam.	Rabindra Nath Upadhyay	2010
date of death	Arcadius Avellanus, born Mogyoróssy Arkád (6 February 1851 -- 16 June 1935), was a Hungarian American scholar of Latin and a proponent of Living Latin.	Arcadius Avellanus	16 June 1935
date of death	Henry Cort (?1741 -- 23 May 1800) was an English ironmaster.	Henry Cort	23 May 1800
date of death	Sarah Kemp (1937 -- 9 January 2015) was an Australian actress best known for starring in the Australian soap opera Sons and Daughters, playing the highly popular character of socialite Charlie Bartlett, from 1982 to 1987.	Sarah Kemp	9 January 2015
date of death	Dong Yuan (Chinese: 董源; pinyin: Dŏng Yuán; Wade--Giles: Tung Yüan, Gan: dung3 ngion4; c. 934 -- c. 962) was a Chinese painter.	Dong Yuan	962
date of death	John Ewasew (13 March 1922 -- 26 March 1978) was a Canadian lawyer and senator.	John Ewasew	26 March 1978
date of death	Charles Boutell (1 August 1812 -- 31 July 1877) was an English archaeologist, antiquary and clergyman, publishing books on brasses, arms and armour and heraldry, often illustrated by his own drawings.	Charles Boutell	1877
date of death	Martin E. Weaver (1938-2004) helped develop the scientific field of architectural conservation in the United States and internationally.	Martin E. Weaver	2004
date of death	Magnus Nilssen (18 July 1871 -- 20 November 1947) was Norwegian politician for the Labour and Social Democratic Labour parties.	Magnus Nilssen	20 November 1947
date of death	Moses Michael Hays (9 March 1739 -- 9 May 1805) was an American banker, merchant, and philanthropist.	Moses Michael Hays	9 May 1805
date of death	Ethel Coleridge (14 January 1883 -- 15 August 1976) was an English actress, best known for her roles in the original Aldwych farces in the 1920s and 30s.	Ethel Coleridge	15 August 1976
date of death	Max Alvarado (19 February 1929 -- 6 April 1997) was a FAMAS award-winning Filipino film actor known mainly by his portrayals of villains in a career which spanned six decades.	Max Alvarado	6 April 1997
date of death	Franz Mozart (3 October 1649 -- 1693 or 1694) was a German mason and the grandfather of Leopold Mozart and great-grandfather of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.	Franz Mozart	1693	1694
date of death	Gilbert Beith (1827 -- 5 July 1904) was a Scottish merchant and Liberal politician.	Gilbert Beith	5 July 1904
date of death	Jean Cailleteau (1690--1755), known as ``Lassurance'' (or as ``Lassurance le jeune'' to distinguish him from his architect father Pierre Cailleteau), was a French architect.	Jean Cailleteau	1755
date of death	Antoine Godin (c. 1805-1836), an Iroquois Canadian fur trapper and explorer, is noted primarily for the public murder of a Gros Ventre chief which led to a battle between fur traders and Indians in Pierre's Hole, now called the Teton Basin, in eastern Idaho.	Antoine Godin	1836
date of death	Harshavarman II (Khmer: ហស៌វរ្ម័នទី២) was an Angkorian king who ruled from 941 to 944.	Harshavarman II	944
date of death	Samuel Bowman (May 21, 1800 -- August 3, 1861) was a suffragan Episcopal Bishop of Pennsylvania, United States.	Samuel Bowman	1861
date of death	K. Ananda Rau (21 September 1893 -- 22 January 1966) was an eminent Indian mathematician and a contemporary of Ramanujan.	K. Ananda Rau	22 January 1966
date of death	Arthur James F. Bond RSMA, (1888--1958) was an English artist who worked in oils, watercolour and etching.	Arthur James F. Bond	1958
date of death	James Garbett (1802-1879) was a British academic and Anglican cleric who became the Archdeacon of Chichester.	James Garbett	1879
date of death	Alter Tepliker was the sobriquet of Rabbi Moshe Yehoshua Bezhilianski (d. 1919), a learned scholar and leading Breslover Hasid in Uman, Ukraine in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.	Alter Tepliker	1919
date of death	Charles William Henry Kirchhoff (born San Francisco, California, 28 March 1853; died Asbury Park, New Jersey, 22 July 1916) was a United States editor and steel expert.	Charles William Henry Kirchhoff	22 July 1916
date of death	A'jiniyaz Qosi'bay Uli' (Karakalpak: Әжинияз Қосыбай улы, A'jiniyaz Qosıbay ulı, Uzbek: Ажиниёз Қўсибой ўғли, Ajiniyoz Qoʻsiboy oʻgʻli) (1824--1874) was a Karakalpak poet, who is also known by his pen name Ziywar.	A'jiniyaz	1874
date of death	James Kingsley (6 January 1797 -- 10 August 1878) was an attorney and mayor of Ann Arbor from 1855-1856.	James Kingsley	1878
date of death	Dr John Rodney Cove-Smith (born 26 January 1943, London -- 3 February 2004, Middlesbrough) was the son of Ronald Cove-Smith, a distinguished English physician and captain of the English rugby team.	Rodney Cove-Smith	3 February 2004
date of death	George Christopher Pepys Cutts (29 June 1914 -- 4 April 1974) was, from 1964 to 1974, the fifth Bishop of Buckingham in the Church of England.	Christopher Pepys	4 April 1974
date of death	Oswell Blakeston was the pseudonym of Henry Joseph Hasslacher (1907--1985), a British writer and artist who also worked in the film industry, made some experimental films, and wrote extensively on film theory.	Oswell Blakeston	1985
date of death	The Reverend Augustus Shears (25 July 1827 - 25 May 1911) was the sixth and youngest son of Daniel Towers Shears (1784--1860), a partner of James Shears and Sons, and Frances Spurrell (1788--1834), daughter of John Spurrell of Bessingham, Norfolk.	Augustus Shears	25 May 1911
date of death	Florian Siwicki (Polish pronunciation: (ˈflɔrjan ɕiˈvit͡skʲi); 10 January 1925 -- 11 March 2013) was a Polish career military officer, diplomat and a communist politician, as well as a General of the Polish Army.	Florian Siwicki	11 March 2013
date of death	Satyavati Devi (1904 - 1945) was a participant in Indian independence movement.	Satyavati Devi	1945
date of death	Fitz-John Winthrop (14 March 1637 -- 27 November 1707), was the governor of the Colony of Connecticut from 1698 until his death on November 27, 1707.	Fitz-John Winthrop	27 November 1707
date of death	Henry Givens Burgess PC(Ire) (6 April 1859 -- 23 April 1937) was an Irish railway executive and politician.	Henry Givens Burgess	23 April 1937
date of death	Jean-Baptiste-Henri Féretier (Nantes, 18 December 1765 - Nantes, 11 January 1832) was a French navy officer.	Jean-Baptiste-Henri Féretier	11 January 1832
date of death	Willie McCartney (date of birth unknown -- 24 January 1948) was a Scottish football referee and manager.	Willie McCartney	24 January 1948
date of death	John Rouse (Rous, Russe) (1574--1652) was an English librarian, second librarian of the Bodleian in Oxford, and a friend of John Milton.	John Rouse	1652
date of death	Joseph Hodkinson (1888 -- 18 June 1954) was an English international footballer who played as an outside left.	Joseph Hodkinson	18 June 1954
date of death	Gustav Schrader (1852, Missolonghi, Greece -- 1942 Alexandria, Egypt) was a German ornithologist.	Gustav Schrader	1942
date of death	Heinrich Leuthold (9 August 1827--1 July 1879) was a Swiss poet and translator, described by one critic as the writer ``most endowed with genius'' of the Munich literary circle, Die Krokodile.	Heinrich Leuthold	1 July 1879
date of death	Vera Ducas (1912--29 March 1948) was born to a Jewish family in Austria-Hungary/Czechoslovakia.	Vera Ducas	29 March 1948
date of death	Sant Kavi Jagjivan Das (or Jagiwan Das, 1727 Sardaha, Chas - 1761) is the founder of the Satnami denomination of Hinduism in Upper India.	Jagjivan Das	1761
date of death	Leonard Typpö (29 January 1868, Rautio - 27 June 1922) was a Finnish farmer and lay preacher.	Leonard Typpö	27 June 1922
date of death	Sir John David Rees, 1st Baronet, KCIE, CVO, MP (16 December 1854 -- 2 June 1922) was a colonial administrator in British India and subsequently a Member of Parliament at Westminster.	John David Rees	2 June 1922
date of death	Sorcha Ní Ghuairim (11 October 1911 -- 1976) was a teacher, writer, and sean-nós singer.	Sorcha Ní Ghuairim	1976
date of death	David Nunn Fisher (1816--1887), was an English actor and musician usually known as David Fisher.	David Nunn Fisher	1887
date of death	Charles Minor Blackford (October 17, 1833 -- 1903) was a Virginia lawyer and an author of American Civil War stories.	Charles Minor Blackford	1903
date of death	Louis John Tillett (born 13 June 1865, in Sprowston, Norfolk, died 24 November 1929) was a Liberal Party politician.	Louis John Tillett	24 November 1929
date of death	Denise Tolkowsky (11 August 1918 -- 9 March 1991) was an English-born pianist and composer.	Denise Tolkowsky	9 March 1991
date of death	Thomas Amarasuriya, OBE (17 June 1907 -- 5 May 1979) was a Ceylonese planter and politician.	Thomas Amarasuriya	5 May 1979
date of death	Thomas E. Keane (1906 - 1996) was alderman of the 31st Ward of the City of Chicago.	Thomas E. Keane	1996
date of death	Perry K. Smith, known as P. K. Smith (September 21, 1917 -- March 1983), was a businessman from Winnfield, Louisiana, who served a single term in the Louisiana House of Representatives from 1960 to 1964 during the administration of Governor Jimmie Davis.	P. K. Smith	March 1983
date of death	A. Laurence Lyon (1934--2006) was a prolific composer of music, usually sacred music with a Latter-day Saint theme.	A. Laurence Lyon	2006
date of death	Sir George Clark Williams, 1st Baronet, QC (born 1878, died 1958), was a Queen's Counsel and Justice of the Peace.	George Clark Williams	1958
date of death	Datu Patinggi Abang Haji Abdillah (13 October 1862 -- 21 November 1946) was Sarawak's independence patriot.	Abang Haji Abdillah	21 November 1946
date of death	Stephen Scandrett (also Scandret or Scanderet) (1631?--1706) was an English nonconformist minister and controversialist.	Stephen Scandrett	1706
date of death	Ulrich Gering (active as a printer in Paris from c. 1470 to 1508; died 23 August 1510) came from Beromünster in the diocese of Constance.	Ulrich Gering	23 August 1510
date of death	Charles Wells Moulton (1859--1913) was an American poet, critic, and editor.	Charles Wells Moulton	1913
date of death	Nanyang Huizhong (simplified Chinese: 南阳慧忠; traditional Chinese: 南陽慧忠; pinyin: Nányáng Huìzhōng; Japanese: Nanyō Echū; Korean: Namyang Hyech'ung; Vietnamese: Nam Dương Huệ Trung; 675-775 CE) was a Zen monk during the Tang Dynasty.	Nanyang Huizhong	775
date of death	Salah-Hassan Hanifes (Hebrew: סאלח-חסן ח'ניפס‎, born 1 March 1913, died 16 March 2002) was a Druze Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Progress and Work between 1951 and 1959.	Salah-Hassan Hanifes	16 March 2002
date of death	Ferdinand Maria, Elector of Bavaria (31 October 1636 -- 26 May 1679) was a Wittelsbach ruler of Bavaria and an elector (Kurfürst) of the Holy Roman Empire from 1651 to 1679.	Ferdinand Maria, Elector of Bavaria	26 May 1679
date of death	Georg Wolfgang Wedel (12 November 1645 -- 6 September 1721) was a German professor of surgery, botany, theoretical and practical medicine, and chemistry.	Georg Wolfgang Wedel	6 September 1721
date of death	John Samuel Eastwood (1857, Minnesota -- 1924, California) was an American engineer who built the world's first reinforced concrete multiple-arch dam on bedrock foundation at Hume Lake, California, in 1908.	John Samuel Eastwood	1924
date of death	Yujiulü Chounu (Chinese: 郁久閭醜奴; pinyin: Yùjiǔlǘ Chǒunú) (?-520) khan of the Rouran (508-520) with the title of Douluofubadoufa Khan (豆羅伏跋豆伐可汗).	Yujiulü Chounu	520
date of death	Harmen Steenwijck or Harmen Steenwyck (c.1612 -- after 1656) was a Dutch Golden Age painter of still lifes, notably of fruit.	Harmen Steenwijck	1656
date of death	Robert Haswell (November 24, 1768 -- 1801?) was an early American maritime fur trader to the Pacific Northwest of North America.	Robert Haswell	1801
date of death	Felix Philipp Kanitz (Bulgarian and Serbian Cyrillic: Феликс Филип Каниц, 2 August 1829-8 January 1904) was an Austro-Hungarian naturalist, geographer, ethnographer, archaeologist and author of travel notes.	Felix Philipp Kanitz	8 January 1904
date of death	Malik Joyeux (31 March 1980 -- 2 December 2005) was an accomplished all-around waterman and a professional Big Wave surfer.	Malik Joyeux	2 December 2005
date of death	Francis Adekunle Fajuyi, BEM (26 June 1926 -- 29 July 1966) was a Nigerian soldier of Yoruba origin.	Adekunle Fajuyi	29 July 1966
date of death	James Calfhill (also Calfield) (1530?--1570) was an Anglican clergyman, academic and controversialist, who died as Archdeacon of Colchester and Bishop-designate of Worcester.	James Calfhill	1570
date of death	Saint Vukašin Mandrapa (Serbian Cyrillic: Вукашин Мандрапа) (end of 19th century--1943) is a saint and a martyr of the Serbian Orthodox Church.	Vukašin Mandrapa	1943
date of death	Richard Edes (or Eedes) (1555--1604) was an English churchman.	Richard Edes	1604
date of death	Thomas Hobson (c. 1544 -- 1 January 1631), was an English carrier, best known as the origin of the expression Hobson's choice.	Thomas Hobson	1 January 1631
date of death	Edith Banfield Jackson (1895--1977) was a child psychiatrist who developed the rooming-in model of maternal and infant care.	Edith Banfield Jackson	1977
date of death	Julio Nalundasan (1894 -- 20 September 1935, Batac, Ilocos Norte) was a Filipino politician who was one of the political rivals of Ilocos Norte politician Mariano Marcos, father of Ferdinand Marcos (who later became the tenth President of the Philippines).	Julio Nalundasan	20 September 1935
date of death	Nicholas Bullingham (or Bollingham) (c. 1520--1576) was an English Bishop of Worcester.	Nicholas Bullingham	1576
date of death	Hill Blackett (13 March 1892 -- 6 December 1967) was a radio daytime-advertising pioneer who played a major part in the development of the soap opera.	Hill Blackett	1967
date of death	George C. Lindsay (1855-1945) was an American composer and guitarist.	George C. Lindsay	1945
date of death	Richard Crawshay (1739 -- 27 June 1810) was a London iron merchant and then South Wales ironmaster.	Richard Crawshay	27 June 1810
date of death	Bernard Mizeki (sometimes spelt Bernard Mzeki; c. 1861 -- 18 June 1896) was an African Christian missionary and martyr.	Bernard Mizeki	1896
date of death	Achille Falcone (ca. 1570-75 -- 9 November 1600) was an Italian composer.	Achille Falcone	9 November 1600
date of death	John Hunyadi (, ; 1406 -- 11 August 1456) was a leading Hungarian military and political figure in Central and Southeastern Europe during the 15th century.	John Hunyadi	11 August 1456
date of death	William Hannibal Thomas (4 May 1843 -- 15 November 1935) was an American teacher, journalist, judge, writer and legislator.	William Hannibal Thomas	15 November 1935
date of death	José Manuel Ramírez Rosales, (1804, Santiago - 1877, Valparaíso) was a Chilean painter who was educated in France.	José Manuel Ramírez Rosales	1877
date of death	Khalmurad Sakhatmuradov (1898--1938) served as the second President of the Turkmen SSR, serving from 1925 until August 1928.	Khalmurad Sakhatmuradov	1938
date of death	Old Tassel (or sometimes Corntassel) (Cherokee language: Utsi'dsata), ( died 1788), was ``First Beloved Man'' (the equivalent of a regional Cherokee chief) of the Overhill Cherokee after 1783.	Old Tassel	1788
date of death	Jacques Specx (Dutch: (ˈʒɑk ˈspɛks); 1585 -- 22 July 1652) was a Dutch merchant, who founded the trade on Japan and Korea in 1609.	Jacques Specx	22 July 1652
date of death	Gheorghe Tătaru, (5 May 1948 in Bucharest -- 19 December 2004 in Iaşi), also known as Tătaru II, was a Romanian football striker, a player of Steaua Bucureşti.	Gheorghe Tătaru	19 December 2004
date of death	Major-general Sir John Malcolm GCB, KLS (2 May 1769 -- 30 May 1833) was a Scottish soldier, diplomat, East India Company administrator, statesman, and historian.	John Malcolm	30 May 1833
date of death	William Molyneux, 7th Viscount Molyneux (1685 -- 30 March 1759) was a Jesuit priest and member of the peerage of Ireland.	William Molyneux, 7th Viscount Molyneux	30 March 1759
date of death	Peter Olrog Schjøtt (29 July 1833 -- 7 January 1926) was a Norwegian philologist and politician.	Peter Olrog Schjøtt	1926
date of death	Emilio J. Pasarell (1891--1974) was a Puerto Rican short-story writer, novelist, essayist and historian.	Emilio J. Pasarell	1974
date of death	James Boon Lankershim (1850--1931) was an American heir, landowner and real estate developer.	James Boon Lankershim	1931
date of death	Constantius I (Latin: Marcus Flavius Valerius Constantius Herculius Augustus; 31 March c. 250 -- 25 July 306) was Roman Emperor from 293 to 306, commonly known as Constantius Chlorus (Greek: Κωνστάντιος Χλωρός, Kōnstantios Khlōrós, lit. ``Constantius the Pale'').	Constantius Chlorus	25 July 306
date of death	Valentine Bartholomew (18 January 1799 -- 21 March 1879) was an English flower painter.	Valentine Bartholomew	21 March 1879
date of death	Captain Spier Spencer (c. 1770 -- November 7, 1811) was an Indiana militia officer who commanded a company of mounted riflemen known as the Yellow Jackets at the Battle of Tippecanoe.	Spier Spencer	1811
date of death	Károly Bebo (c. 1712 -- April 1779) was an 18th-century Hungarian sculptor, builder and decorator noted for his stucco work.	Károly Bebo	1779
date of death	Jo Ann Kelly (5 January 1944 -- 21 October 1990) was an English blues singer and guitarist.	Jo Ann Kelly	21 October 1990
date of death	Queenie Watts (21 July 1926 -- 25 January 1980) was an English actress of film and television, as well as an occasional singer.	Queenie Watts	25 January 1980
date of death	Stephen Winthrop (born 20 December 1806, Tonbridge, Kent; died 25 August 1835, England) was an English cricketer who was associated with Cambridge University Cricket Club and made his first-class debut in 1829.	Stephen Winthrop	25 August 1835
date of death	Ralph Boteler, 1st Baron Sudeley and 6th Baron Sudeley KG (c. 1394 -- 2 May 1473) was an English baron and aristocrat.	Ralph Boteler, 1st Baron Sudeley	2 May 1473
date of death	Karl Albrecht Gottlieb Ringier (8 December 1837 - 7 January 1929) was a Swiss politician, President of the Swiss Council of States (1875) and Federal Chancellor (1882--1909).	Gottlieb Ringier	7 January 1929
date of death	Emelia Russell Gurney (1823--1896) was an English activist, patron and benefactor.	Emelia Russell Gurney	1896
date of death	Jonathan Joy (29 December 1826 -- 27 September 1889) was an English first-class cricketer, who played for Yorkshire, both as a pre-county club, and for Yorkshire County Cricket Club, in first-class cricket after the foundation of the County Championship.	Jonathan Joy	27 September 1889
date of death	Wally Colliss (22 May 1908 -- 8 October 1977) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Wally Colliss	8 October 1977
date of death	Camillo Pabis Ticci (1920--2003) was an Italian bridge player.	Camillo Pabis Ticci	2003
date of death	Jorma Karhunen (17 March 1913 -- 21 January 2002) was a Finnish Air Force ace.	Jorma Karhunen	21 January 2002
date of death	General Thomas Edward Capel (24 March 1770 -- 3 February 1855) was an English soldier and sportsman.	Edward Capel	3 February 1855
date of death	Burton A. Scott (February 16, 1935 -- April 2, 2007) was Chief Judge of the Wisconsin Court of Appeals.	Burton A. Scott	2007
date of death	Ruth Pryor (1906-2001) was a Chicago ballet dancer and instructor, and the first American ballerina to dance the role of the Swan Queen in Swan Lake, in 1930.	Ruth Pryor	2001
date of death	Ádám Jávorka (Nagykosztolány, Hungarian Kingdom, 1683 -- Jasło Poland, 19 August 1747) was a Hungarian soldier who was a captain of Kuruc forces during the Rákóczi's War for Independence, later became a French Hussar, and later on Captain of the Polish Army.	Ádám Jávorka	19 August 1747
date of death	Adolf II, Prince of Schaumburg-Lippe (23 February 1883 -- 26 March 1936) was the last ruler of the small Principality of Schaumburg-Lippe.	Adolf II, Prince of Schaumburg-Lippe	26 March 1936
date of death	John Etherington Welch Rolls (4 May 1807 -- 27 May 1870) was a High Sheriff of Monmouthshire, art collector, Deputy Lieutenant and Justice of the Peace.	John Etherington Welch Rolls	27 May 1870
date of death	John W. Anson (31 July 1817 -- 6 February 1881) was a British actor, noted for his work for the welfare of actors.	John W. Anson	6 February 1881
date of death	Paddy Cardiff (8 November 1925 -- 3 June 2005) was an Irish trade unionist.	Paddy Cardiff	3 June 2005
date of death	Brynjulf Skaugen, Sr. (11 June 1918 -- 14 August 2002) was a Norwegian business executive.	Brynjulf Skaugen, Sr.	14 August 2002
date of death	Langford Lovell Price (1862-1950) was an English economist, born in London.	Langford Lovell Price	1950
date of death	Sir James Bond, 1st Baronet (11 June 1744 -- 2 June 1820) was an Irish Member of Parliament of Anglo-Irish descent.	Sir James Bond, 1st Baronet	2 June 1820
date of death	William Craven, 2nd Earl of Craven DL (18 August 1809 -- 25 August 1866), styled Viscount Uffington until 1825, was a British peer.	William Craven, 2nd Earl of Craven	25 August 1866
date of death	Stanisław Sedlaczek (31 January 1892 -- 3 August 1941), born in Kołomyja, in what is now Ukraine, was a Polish professor and scoutmaster.	Stanisław Sedlaczek	3 August 1941
date of death	Sir Henry de Vic, 1st Baronet (c. 1599 -- 20 November 1671) was a Guernsey born courtier.	Henry de Vic	20 November 1671
date of death	John Thrasher (February 24, 1818--November 13, 1899) was the founder of the city of Norcross, Georgia, an original pioneer of Atlanta, and a well-travelled entrepreneur throughout the American Southeast.	John Thrasher	1899
date of death	Odd Dahl (3 November 1898 -- 2 June 1994 ) was a Norwegian engineer and explorer.	Odd Dahl	2 June 1994
date of death	Leo Gburek (born 18 April 1910 in Bismarckhütte; died 17 January 1941 in Shetland ) was a German geophysicist and a member of the Third German Antarctic Expedition 1938/39.	Leo Gburek	17 January 1941
date of death	Andrew Ketcham Barnett (1852 -- 1914) was a mineral collector and dealer in Penzance, Cornwall, in the United Kingdom.	Andrew Ketcham Barnett	1914
date of death	Franz von Suppé or Francesco Suppé Demelli (18 April 1819 -- 21 May 1895) was an Austrian composer of light operas from the Kingdom of Dalmatia, Austro-Hungarian Empire (now part of Croatia).	Franz von Suppé	21 May 1895
date of death	James J. Nance (February 19, 1900 -- July 1984) was an American industrialist who became president of Studebaker Packard.	James J. Nance	1984
date of death	George Muff, 1st Baron Calverley (10 February 1877 -- 20 September 1955) was a British Liberal then Labour politician.	George Muff, 1st Baron Calverley	20 September 1955
date of death	Michel Auguste Dupoty (1797--1864) was a French journalist and a politician with republican beliefs.	Michel Auguste Dupoty	1864
date of death	Thakin Chit Maung (Burmese: ချစ်မောင်; 1915 -- 3 March 2005), also known as Widuya Thakin Chit Maung, was a veteran Burmese politician.	Thakin Chit Maung	3 March 2005
date of death	Fritz Gassmann (1899--1990) was a Swiss mathematician and geophysicist.	Fritz Gassmann	1990
date of death	Sir Walter Blake, (bef. 1672--May 1748), 6th Bt., was a minor Irish aristocrat and politician from County Galway.	Walter Blake	1748
date of death	John Kettlewell (1653--1695) was an English clergyman, nonjuror and devotional writer.	John Kettlewell	1695
date of death	John Bond Trevor (1822 -- 1890) was an American financier and Wall Street pioneer.	John Bond Trevor	1890
date of death	William Armstrong Fairburn (12 October 1876-1 October 1947) was a noted American author, naval architect, marine engineer, industrial executive, and chemist.	William Armstrong Fairburn	1 October 1947
date of death	Chaudhari Kumbharam Arya (10 May 1914 -- 26 October 1995) was a freedom fighter, parliamentarian and popular leader of farmers in Rajasthan, India.Shri Kumbha Ram Arya was a member of Seventh Lok Sabha during 1980-84 representing Sikar Parliamentary constituency of Rajasthan.	Chaudhari Kumbharam Arya	26 October 1995
date of death	Gabriel Donne or Dunne (died 1558) was an English Cistercian monk and was the last Abbot of Buckfast Abbey in Devon, before the Dissolution of the Monasteries.	Gabriel Donne	1558
date of death	Jørgen Iversen Dyppel (February 25, 1638 -- 1683), also called George Iversen or Ifversen, or sometimes Doppel in Knox, was the first governor of the renewed establishment of St. Thomas in the Danish West Indies, from 1672 to 1680.	Jørgen Iversen Dyppel	1683
date of death	Constantius (Latin: Flavius Constantius Augustus) (died 2 September 421), commonly known as Constantius III, was Western Roman Emperor for seven months in 421.	Constantius III	2 September 421
date of death	Alessandro Pinheiro Martins (1983 -- December 6, 2005), nicknamed ``Alessandro'', was a Brazilian football (soccer) player.	Alessandro Pinheiro Martins	2005
date of death	Joseph Moses Levy (15 December 1812 in London - 12 October 1888 in Ramsgate, Kent) was a newspaper editor and publisher.	Joseph Moses Levy	12 October 1888
date of death	Richard Battley (1770--1856), was an English chemist.	Richard Battley	1856
date of death	Alexander Dowie (4 September 1827 -- 18 July 1909) was a footwear manufacturer and retailer in the early days of South Australia.	Alexander Dowie	18 July 1909
date of death	Ziaeddin Tavakkoli Bivarzeni (1925--2009), was a Northern Iranian politician and merchant.	Ziaeddin Tavakkoli	2009
date of death	Arthur Langen (born 13 January 1858 in Berlin; died 25 October 1927 in Solingen) was a German magistrate with the Berlin Government and privately active in the theater industry.	Arthur Langen	25 October 1927
date of death	Thomas Luraas (1799--6 June 1886) was a Norwegian rose painter and clarinetist.	Thomas Luraas	1886
date of death	Major Thomas Beckford (d. 1685) was a London clothworker and slopseller who became Sheriff of London.	Thomas Beckford	1685
date of death	Dietrich of Horne (b. in Horneburg (Westendorf) -- d. 19 January 1402 in Osnabrück) was a German nobleman.	Dietrich of Horne	19 January 1402
date of death	Maciej Grabowski (died 1750) was a Polish-Lithuanian nobleman and politician, Treasurer of the Crown Court from 1738.	Maciej Grabowski	1750
date of death	Edgar Powell (6 January 1899 -- 1955) was a Welsh footballer who played in the Football League for Accrington Stanley, Barrow, Merthyr Town and Stoke.	Edgar Powell	1955
date of death	John James Cole (died 24 May 1959) was an Irish politician, farmer and auctioneer.	John James Cole	24 May 1959
date of death	Francesco Croce (1696 - 1773) was an Italian baroque architect.	Francesco Croce	1773
date of death	Robert Byron Boyd (August 31, 1864 -- 1941) was an American politician and businessperson from Maine.	Byron Boyd	1941
date of death	Miles Balmford Sharp (1897--1973) was an artist, born in Brighouse, Yorkshire, England.	Miles Balmford Sharp	1973
date of death	John I Sanudo (or Giovanni; died 1362) was the sixth Duke of the Archipelago from 1341 to his death.	John I Sanudo	1362
date of death	Richard James Strachan Harman (14 April 1826 -- 26 November 1902) was trained as a civil engineer.	Richard James Strachan Harman	26 November 1902
date of death	Richard Pendlebury (1847, Liverpool -- 1902) was a British mathematician, musician, bibliophile and mountaineer.	Richard Pendlebury	1902
date of death	John Bargrave (1610--1680), was an English author and collector and a canon of Canterbury Cathedral.	John Bargrave	1680
date of death	Peter Pierse (died 4 September 1991) was an Australian rugby league referee.	Peter Pierse	4 September 1991
date of death	Philip Maxwell (April 3, 1799 - November 5, 1859) was an American physician and politician.	Philip Maxwell	1859
date of death	Claude de Sainctes (b. at Perche, 1525; d. at Crèvecoeur, 1591) was a French Catholic controversialist.	Claude de Sainctes	1591
date of death	Miguel Salinas Arteche (4 June 1926 -- 22 July 2012), best known as Miguel Arteche, the name he adopted after legally reversing his maternal and paternal surnames in 1972, was a Chilean poet and novelist.	Miguel Arteche	22 July 2012
date of death	Attilio Teruzzi (5 May 1882 -- 26 April 1950) was an Italian soldier, colonial administrator, and Fascist politician.	Attilio Teruzzi	26 April 1950
date of death	Prynce Hopkins (March 5, 1885 - August 1970), who was born Prince Charles Hopkins, was an American Socialist, pacifist and author of numerous psychology books and periodicals.	Prynce Hopkins	1970
date of death	Milko Brezigar (6 October 1886 -- 25 April 1958) was a Slovene and Yugoslav liberal economist.	Milko Brezigar	25 April 1958
date of death	Cú Ceanain mac Tadhg, Prince of Uí Díarmata, ancestor of the Concannon family, died 991	Cú Ceanain mac Tadhg	991
date of death	Alessandro Mantovani (1814 -- 1892) was an Italian painter, best known for his decorative frescoes and restorations.	Alessandro Mantovani	1892
date of death	Lynne Carter (ca.1924 -- January 11, 1985) was a prominent entertainer, actor, and female impersonator.	Lynne Carter	1985
date of death	Thomas Foxcroft (1697--1769) was a minister of the First Church in Boston, Massachusetts in the 18th century.	Thomas Foxcroft	1769
date of death	Carson Brewer (February 2, 1920 -- January 15, 2003) was an American journalist and conservationist, best known for his work documenting the folk life of Knoxville and the surrounding Appalachian communities in East Tennessee.	Carson Brewer	2003
date of death	Ernest William Lyons Holt or E.W.L. Holt (17 October 1864 -- 10 June 1922) was an eminent English marine naturalist and biologist who specialized in ichthyology, the study of fish.	Ernest William Lyons Holt	10 June 1922
date of death	Nicolae Minovici (23 October 1868 -- 26 June 1941) was a Romanian forensic scientist and criminologist who served as head of his country's anthropometric service.	Nicolae Minovici	26 June 1941
date of death	Carlo Pezzati (October 28, 1892--1944) was an Italian politician, the mayor of the Italian city of Piacenza.	Carlo Pezzati	1944
date of death	Oluf Braren (25 February 1787 -- 22 March 1839) was a painter of naïve art from the north Frisian island of Föhr.	Oluf Braren	22 March 1839
date of death	William McKenzie Thomson MC, DFC (15 September 1898 -- 9 July 1987) was a Canadian First World War flying ace, officially credited with 26 victories.	William McKenzie Thomson	9 July 1987
date of death	Giaches de Wert (also Jacques/Jaches de Wert, Giaches de Vuert; 1535 -- 6 May 1596) was a Franco-Flemish composer of the late Renaissance, active in Italy.	Giaches de Wert	6 May 1596
date of death	Zhou Lianggong (Chinese: 周亮工; Wade--Giles: Chou Liang-kung, 1612--1672) was a Chinese poet, born in Kaifeng was an essayist and art historian, and had long family ties to Nanjing.	Zhou Lianggong	1672
date of death	Mas Tirtodarmo Haryono (20 January 1924 -- 1 October 1965) was a general officer in the Indonesian Army who was killed during an attempt to kidnap him from his home by members of the 30 September Movement in the early hours of October 1, 1965.	Mas Tirtodarmo Haryono	1 October 1965
date of death	Margaret Gillies (1803--1887) was a Scottish painter, known for miniatures and water-colours.	Margaret Gillies	1887
date of death	R. P. Sethu Pillai (Tamil: ரா. பி. சேது பிள்ளை) (1896--1961), was a Tamil scholar, writer and professor of Tamil at the University of Madras.	R. P. Sethu Pillai	1961
date of death	Frederikke Louise Stolberg (1746--1824), was a Danish Salonist, playwright and letter writer.	Louise Stolberg	1824
date of death	Robert Morgan Fink (1915-2012) was an American biochemist who was a professor at University of California, Los Angeles.	Robert Morgan Fink	2012
date of death	Hugh Fortescue, 2nd Earl Fortescue KG, PC (13 February 1783 -- 14 September 1861), styled Viscount Ebrington from 1789 to 1841, was a British Whig politician.	Hugh Fortescue, 2nd Earl Fortescue	14 September 1861
date of death	R. Narayanaswami (1919-1992), popularly known by his pen name Karichan Kunju, was a Tamil short-story writer and novelist who wrote mainly on historical themes.	Karichan Kunju	1992
date of death	Samer Saadi (died 29 September 2005) was a leading figure in the Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades in Jenin.	Samer Saadi	29 September 2005
date of death	Chauncey Loomis (ca. 1783 -- April 6, 1817 Albany, New York) was an American politician from New York.	Chauncey Loomis	1817
date of death	Rupert D'Oyly Carte (3 November 1876 -- 12 September 1948) was an English hotelier, theatre owner and impresario, best known as proprietor of the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company and Savoy Hotel from 1913 to 1948.	Rupert D'Oyly Carte	12 September 1948
date of death	King Andriamasinavalona (1675--1710), also known as Andrianjakanavalondambo, was a King of Imerina in the central highlands of Madagascar.	Andriamasinavalona	1710
date of death	Lydia Sellon or Priscilla Lydia Sellon (1821 -- 20 November 1876) was a British founder of an Anglican women's order.	Lydia Sellon	1876
date of death	Dr Jimione Samisoni died on April 2007.	Jimione Samisoni	2007
date of death	Ivan Ratkaj (22 June 1647 -- 26 December 1683), also Ivan Rattkay, was a Croatian Jesuit missionary and explorer.	Ivan Ratkaj	26 December 1683
date of death	Saint Lazarus Zographos(died 867) was a monk and painter from Constantinople who opposed the religious policy of iconoclasm during the reign of Byzantine Emperor Theophilus.	Lazarus Zographos	867
date of death	George Shima (1864--1926) was a Japanese American businessman in California who became the first Japanese American millionaire.	George Shima	1926
date of death	Aage Samuelsen (23 January 1915 -- 29 November 1987) was a Norwegian evangelist, singer and composer.	Aage Samuelsen	1987
date of death	Captain Charles Fitzgerald (1791-- 29 December 1887) was the Governor of The Gambia from 1844 until 1847, then Governor of Western Australia from 1848 to 1855.	Charles Fitzgerald	29 December 1887
date of death	Alexandre Miniac (5 July 1885 -- 3 December 1963) was a French architect and watercolorist.	Alexandre Miniac	3 December 1963
date of death	Lorenzo Sansone (1881--1975) was a horn player, a member of major North American symphony orchestras, an editor of horn music, an author of instructional methods, an educator, and a horn manufacturer.	Lorenzo Sansone	1975
date of death	Parara Napaltjarri (c. 1944--2003) was a Pintupi-speaking Indigenous artist from Australia's Western Desert region.	Parara Napaltjarri	2003
date of death	Maredudd ab Owain ab Edwin (died 1072) was a prince of the kingdom of Deheubarth in south west Wales.	Maredudd ab Owain ab Edwin	1072
date of death	Hans Tank (10 August 1742 -- 17 March 1804) was a Norwegian skipper, merchant and endowment founder, born in Bergen.	Hans Tank	1804
date of death	Frank Keppel (8 December 1899 -- 4 February 1975) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Frank Keppel	4 February 1975
date of death	Mustafa Shalabi was a founder of several charities alleged to have links to terrorism who was found murdered on February 25, 1991.	Mustafa Shalabi	1991
date of death	Esmat Dowlatshahi (1904 -- 24 July 1995) was an Iranian aristocrat and the fourth and last spouse of Reza Shah.	Esmat Dowlatshahi	24 July 1995
date of death	Lars-Jacob Krogh (26 September 1938 -- 14 April 2010) was a Norwegian anchorman and television presenter.	Lars-Jacob Krogh	14 April 2010
date of death	Thomas Joseph Gerard Victory (24 December 1921 -- 14 March 1995) was a prolific Irish composer.	Gerard Victory	14 March 1995
date of death	Ralph Josselin (January 23, 1617 -- 1683) was the vicar of Earls Colne in Essex from 1640 until his death in 1683.	Ralph Josselin	1683
date of death	Enríquez de Valderrábano (c. 1500-after 1557) was a Spanish vihuelist and composer.	Enríquez de Valderrábano	1557
date of death	Daniel Bellamy, the younger (c. 1715- 16 February 1788) was an English divine and miscellaneous writer.	Daniel Bellamy, the younger	16 February 1788
date of death	Éric Remacle (Forest, Brussels, 1960-22 May 2013) was a Belgian scientist and professor at the Department of Political Sciences of the Universite Libre de Bruxelles (ULB).	Éric Remacle	22 May 2013
date of death	Louis the Pious (778 -- 20 June 840), also called the Fair, and the Debonaire, was the King of Aquitaine from 781.	Louis the Pious	20 June 840
date of death	Olivier Charbonneau (France, Aunis c. 1613 Île de Montréal 20 November 1687) was a frontiersman who lived in Old Montreal in New France.	Olivier Charbonneau	1687
date of death	Ramón Marrero Aristy Beltré (13 July 1913 -- 17 July 1959) was a Dominican author, journalist and politician and historian.	Ramón Marrero Aristy	17 July 1959
date of death	Clark Rampling (1793 -- 7 March 1875) was an English architect who worked from offices in London.	Clark Rampling	7 March 1875
date of death	Cecil Edgar Tilley FRS (14 May 1894 -- 24 January 1973) was an Australian-British petrologist and geologist.	Cecil Edgar Tilley	24 January 1973
date of death	Jane Arbor was the pseudonym used by Eileen Norah Owbridge (8 September 1903 -- 4 February 1994) a British writer of 57 romance for Mills & Boon from 1948 to 1985.	Jane Arbor	4 February 1994
date of death	Ivan Ladislav Galeta (9 May 1947 -- 7 January 2014) was a Croatian multimedia artist, cinematographer and film director.	Ivan Ladislav Galeta	7 January 2014
date of death	Badi' al-Zaman Mirza (Persian: بدیع الزمان‎; died 1517) was a Timurid ruler of Herat from 1506 to 1507.	Badi' al-Zaman Mirza	1517
date of death	Tristão Vaz Teixeira (c. 1395--1480) was a Portuguese navigator and explorer who, together with João Gonçalves Zarco and Bartolomeu Perestrelo, was the official discoverer and one of the first settlers of the archipelago of Madeira (1419--1420).	Tristão Vaz Teixeira	1480
date of death	Mark Muir Mills (August 8, 1917--April 7, 1958) was an American nuclear physicist and a developer of atomic bombs.	Mark Muir Mills	1958
date of death	Alain Polaniok (19 September 1958 -- 12 September 2005) was a French footballer.	Alain Polaniok	12 September 2005
date of death	George Kellogg (June 19, 1812 -- 1901) was an American inventor and patent expert.	George Kellogg	1901
date of death	Sir John Stokell Dodds, KCMG, (1848 -- 23 June 1914) was an Australian politician and Chief Justice of Tasmania.	John Stokell Dodds	23 June 1914
date of death	Eliza Salmon (1787 -- 1849) was an English vocalist.	Eliza Salmon	1849
date of death	Richard Rooke Michell (31 December 1810 in Marazion, Cornwall - 15 April 1872 in Wimpole Street, London) was an English mines proprietor.	Richard Rooke Michell	15 April 1872
date of death	Robert Jacobus Forbes or Robert James Forbes (21 April 1900, Breda -- 13 January 1973, Haarlem) was a Dutch chemist and historian of science.	Robert Jacobus Forbes	13 January 1973
date of death	Hugh Barron (c. 1746 - 1791) was an English portrait painter and amateur musician.	Hugh Barron	1791
date of death	Jules Horrent (11 April 1920 - 11 September 1981) was a Belgian scientist, who was awarded the Francqui Prize in 1968 on Human Sciences for his historical work	Jules Horrent	11 September 1981
date of death	Yu Qin (Chinese: 于钦, 1284--1333) was a well-known Chinese geographer living in the Mongol Yuan Dynasty.	Yu Qin	1333
date of death	Mohamed Sedky Mahmoud (Arabic: محمد صدقي محمود‎, December 12, 1914 - 1984) is an Egyptian military leader.	Mohamed Sedky Mahmoud	1984
date of death	Sir Thomas de Littleton or de Lyttleton (c.1407 -- 23 August 1481) was an English judge and legal writer from the Lyttelton family.	Thomas de Littleton	23 August 1481
date of death	Johannes Cuspinianus (December 1473 -- 19 April 1529), born Johan Spießhaymer (or Speißheimer), was an Austrian humanist, scientist, diplomat, and historian.	Johannes Cuspinian	19 April 1529
date of death	Mimi Chakib (1913 -- 1983) (Arabic: ميمي شكيب‎) was an Egyptian actress who appeared in some 15 films mostly in the 1940s and 1950s.	Mimi Chakib	1983
date of death	George Bigg (24 July 1861 -- 27 October 1931) was an English cricketer who played for Lancashire.	George Bigg	27 October 1931
date of death	Henri Robin (1811--1874), born Henrik Joseph Donckel, was a Dutch illusionist.	Henri Robin	1874
date of death	Henry of Niemodlin (Polish: Henryk Niemodliński; after 1345 -- 14 September 1382), was a Duke of Niemodlin since 1365 until his death (with his brothers as co-rulers until 1369).	Henry of Niemodlin	14 September 1382
date of death	General Fritz Lindemann (11 April 1894 -- 22 September 1944) was a German Artillery officer and member of the resistance to Adolf Hitler.	Fritz Lindemann	22 September 1944
date of death	William Francis Casey (2 May 1884 -- 20 April 1957) was a journalist and newspaper editor, notably spending most of his working life employed by British newspaper, The Times.	William Francis Casey	20 April 1957
date of death	Janet Blunt (1859--1950) was a folklorist.	Janet Blunt	1950
date of death	Franz Schmitz (12 October 1918 -- 10 June 1985) was a highly decorated German Sanitäts-Unteroffizier in the Wehrmacht during World War II and an Oberstabsfeldwebel in the Bundeswehr.	Franz Schmitz	10 June 1985
date of death	Colin Milburn (nicknamed Ollie; 23 October 1941 -- 28 February 1990) was an English cricketer, who played in nine Test matches for England, before an accident led to the loss of much of his sight and prompted his retirement.	Colin Milburn	28 February 1990
date of death	Richard Harry Graves (17 July 1897 -- 3 February 1971) was an Irish-born Australian poet and novelist.	Richard Harry Graves	3 February 1971
date of death	Edward Western (12 May 1845 -- 16 October 1919) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket for Somerset in 1882 and 1884 and for Marylebone Cricket Club in 1882.	Edward Western	16 October 1919
date of death	Charles Ernest Tatham (1905 -- 14 August 1997) was a Canadian theologian and missionary.	Ernest Tatham	14 August 1997
date of death	Friedrich Staphylus (27 August 1512 -- 5 March 1564) was a German theologian, at first a Protestant and then a Catholic convert.	Friedrich Staphylus	5 March 1564
date of death	Isobel of Huntingdon (1199--1251), also known as Isobel the Scot, was the daughter of David of Scotland, 8th Earl of Huntingdon, grandson of David I of Scotland, and Matilda of Chester.	Isobel of Huntingdon	1251
date of death	Charles Gottlieb Raue or Charles Gottlieb Raue or Charles Godlove Raue (11 May 1820 -- 6 August 1896) was a United States homeopathic physician.	Charles Gottlieb Raue	6 August 1896
date of death	Henri Dreyfus (or Henry Dreyfus, 1882--1944) was a Swiss chemist.	Henri Dreyfus	1944
date of death	John Duncan Forsyth (1886 or 1887--1963) was a Scottish-American architect who became prominent in Oklahoma.	John Duncan Forsyth	1963
date of death	Shah Niyaz Ahmad was born on 6th Jumada al-Thani 1155 Hijri (7 August 1742) and died on 6th Jumada al-Thani 1250 Hijri (9 October 1834).	Shah Niyaz Ahmad	9 October 1834
date of death	Thomas Bedingfeld (born 1760 died 1789), poet, second son of Edward Bedingfeld, Esquire, of York, and Mary, daughter of Sir John Swinburne, of Capheaton, Northumberland, was born at York on 18 February 1760, and educated at the University of Liége.	Thomas Bedingfeld	1789
date of death	Buster Pearson (4 May 1941 - 14 October 2012), born Stedman Pearson in Jamaica, was a musician and producer, best known for being the father and former manager of British pop group Five Star.	Buster Pearson	14 October 2012
date of death	Cormac Mac Carthaig (died 1138) was King of Munster.	Cormac Mac Carthaig	1138
date of death	Giovacchino Cantini (c. 1780-1844) was an Italian engraver, active in Florence as one of Raffaello Sanzio Morghen's most successful pupils.	Giovacchino Cantini	1844
date of death	Nicholas of Capraia (died 1274) was the Judge of Arborea from 1264 to his assassination ten years later.	Nicholas of Capraia	1274
date of death	Bernard Middleditch (1870 -- 3 October 1949) was an English international footballer, who played as a right half.	Bernard Middleditch	3 October 1949
date of death	Captain Cornelius Mitchell (died 1749) was a Royal Navy officer who served as Commander-in-Chief of the Jamaica Station.	Cornelius Mitchell	1749
date of death	Gordon Burleigh (24 March 1889 -- 7 July 1956) was a former Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL) now known as the Australian Football League (AFL).	Gordon Burleigh	7 July 1956
date of death	Constantine Meliteniotes (Greek: Κωνσταντῖνος Μελιτηνιώτης, fl. 1240s -- 2 April 1307) was a Greek ecclesiastical writer in the Byzantine Empire and a prominent supporter of the Union of Lyons between the Greek Orthodox Church and the Roman Catholic Church.	Constantine Meliteniotes	2 April 1307
date of death	Lin Chieh-liang (Chinese: 林杰樑, 30 June 1958 -- 5 August 2013) was a Taiwanese physician, nephrologist and toxicologist.	Lin Chieh-liang	5 August 2013
date of death	Furia Sabinia Tranquillina (ca. 225 -- aft. 244) was the Empress of Rome and wife of Emperor Gordian III. She was the young daughter of the Praetorian Prefect Timesitheus by an unknown wife.	Tranquillina	244
date of death	Vin Batchelor (17 February 1900 -- 4 September 1981) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Vin Batchelor	4 September 1981
date of death	Urho Kähönen (6 July 1910, Terijoki - 3 August 1984) was a Finnish agronomist, civil servant and politician.	Urho Kähönen	3 August 1984
date of death	William Mansfield Poole (6 April 1871 -- 13 December 1946) was an educationalist and author of several widely held academic text books.	William Mansfield Poole	13 December 1946
date of death	Greta Hopkinson (born Greta Karin Louise Stromeyer, 4 October 1901 - September 1993) was a British wood sculptor.	Greta Hopkinson	September 1993
date of death	John Brodribb Bergne (1800--1873) was an English official, numismatist and antiquary.	John Brodribb Bergne	1873
date of death	Catherine Zaccaria or Catherine Palaiologina (Greek: Αἰκατερίνα Παλαιολογίνα; died 26 August 1462) was the daughter of the last Prince of Achaea, Centurione II Zaccaria.	Catherine Zaccaria	26 August 1462
date of death	Abraham Solomon ben Isaac ben Samuel Catalan (born in Catalonia; died 1492) was the author of a work treating the eternity of the world, Providence, prophecy, immortality, and the resurrection, and also dealing with mathematical, physical, and cabalistic subjects.	Abraham Solomon ben Isaac ben Samuel Catalan	1492
date of death	John Dampier (1750 -- 18 August 1826) was an English amateur cricketer who made three appearances in first-class cricket matches from 1785 to 1787.	John Dampier	18 August 1826
date of death	Øyvind Bjørnson (1 January 1950 -- 3 December 2007) was a Norwegian historian who specialized in labor history and the history of the welfare state.	Øyvind Bjørnson	3 December 2007
date of death	Jerzy Matałowski (1 February 1948 -- 1 December 2013) was a German-born Polish film, stage and television actor.	Jerzy Matałowski	1 December 2013
date of death	Claude Charles (1661--1747) was a French historical and decorative painter.	Claude Charles	1747
date of death	Skip Weshner (1927 -- 1995) was a disc jockey on stations in New York and Los Angeles from the mid-1950s until the mid-1980s.	Skip Weshner	1995
date of death	Viktor Puskar VR I/1 (7 May (O.S. 25 April) 1889 in Viljandi - 12 April 1943 in Tartu) was an Estonian military commander (Colonel) during the Estonian War of Independence.	Viktor Puskar	12 April 1943
date of death	Ethel Muckelt (30 May 1885 -- 13 December 1953), was a British figure skater who competed in singles and pairs.	Ethel Muckelt	13 December 1953
date of death	John J. Graham (September 25, 1923--June 12, 1994) was an American graphic artist who designed and created both the NBC peacock logo (1956) and the NBC ``snake'' logo (1959).	John J. Graham	1994
date of death	Sir De Villiers Graaff, 2nd Baronet (8 December 1913 -- 4 October 1999) (first name De Villiers, surname Graaff) known as Div Graaff, was a South African politician who succeeded his father, Sir David Pieter de Villiers Graaff, 1st Baronet, to his baronetcy in 1931.	De Villiers Graaff	4 October 1999
date of death	Rajendra Mullick (Bengali: রাজেন্দ্র মল্লিক) (24 June 1819 - 1887) was an Indian art lover and philanthropist.	Rajendra Mullick	1887
date of death	John F. West, (1920-2001), was an environmental activist in Marin County, California.	John F. West	2001
date of death	Johnny Hunter (21 July 1925--1980) was an Australian rugby league footballer of the 1940s and '50s.	Johnny Hunter	1980
date of death	Guy Maier (August 15, 1891 in Buffalo, New York -- September 24, 1956 in Santa Monica, California) was a noted American pianist, composer, arranger, teacher, and writer.	Guy Maier	1956
date of death	Amin ud-din Ahmad Khan (23 March 1911 -- 12 June 1983) was the last Nawab of princely state of Loharu, ruling from 1926 to 1947.	Amin ud-din Ahmad Khan	12 June 1983
date of death	Étienne Heudelet de Bierre (12 November 1770 -- 20 April 1857) joined the French army as a volunteer lieutenant in 1792.	Étienne Heudelet de Bierre	20 April 1857
date of death	Li Huaiguang (Chinese: 李懷光; 729 -- September 19, 785) was a leading general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, of Mohe extraction.	Li Huaiguang	785
date of death	Subodh Oraon (1953 - 5 December 1988), also written Subodh Barwa, was an Indian politician belonging to the Revolutionary Socialist Party (RSP).	Subodh Oraon	5 December 1988
date of death	Sydney Irving, Baron Irving of Dartford PC (1 July 1918 -- 18 December 1989) was a British Labour Co-operative politician.	Sydney Irving	18 December 1989
date of death	William Paston, 2nd Earl of Yarmouth (1654 -- 25 December 1732) was a British peer and politician.	William Paston, 2nd Earl of Yarmouth	25 December 1732
date of death	Maurice Lefèvre (1863-1917) was a Belgian poet, playwright and songwriter.	Maurice Lefèvre	1917
date of death	Fannie Pearson Hardy Eckstorm (1865--1946) was an American writer, ornithologist and folklorist.	Fannie Pearson Hardy Eckstorm	1946
date of death	Erwin Ding-Schuler was arrested by U.S. troops on 25 April 1945 and committed suicide on 11 August 1945.	Erwin Ding-Schuler	11 August 1945
date of death	Jean Lepage (1779--1822) was a well-known French gunsmith.	Jean Lepage	1822
date of death	Sir John Thomas Briggs (4 June 1781 - 3 February 1865), was accountant-general of the Royal Navy.	John Thomas Briggs	1865
date of death	John Herbert Cooke (3 August 1867 -- 30 July 1943) was an Australian politician, invariably referred to as ``J. Herbert Cooke'' or ``J. H. Cooke''.	John Herbert Cooke	30 July 1943
date of death	Sir Henry Brooke, 1st Baronet (died 1664) was an English soldier and politician.	Sir Henry Brooke, 1st Baronet	1664
date of death	Lois Tobío Fernández (Viveiro, 13 June 1906 - Madrid, 13 March 2003) was a Galician diplomat, writer, translator and philologist.	Lois Tobío Fernández	13 March 2003
date of death	Edward Stiles Stokes (1840--1901) was the owner of a New York oil refinery who in 1872 shot and killed his business partner and love rival James Fisk.	Edward Stiles Stokes	1901
date of death	Maria de Lourdes Teixeira (25 March 1907 -- 1989) was a Brazilian writer, translator, biographer and journalist best known for having received the Prize Jabuti of Literature for Best Novel in 1961 and 1970 by Rua Augusta and Pátio das Donzelas respectively.	Maria de Lourdes Teixeira	1989
date of death	Ernest Newman (30 November 1868 -- 7 July 1959) was an English music critic and musicologist.	Ernest Newman	7 July 1959
date of death	Paul Huillard (15 February 1875 -- 11 February 1966) was a French designer and architect who collaborated on many projects with Louis Süe.	Paul Huillard	11 February 1966
date of death	John Mordaunt, 1st Baron Mordaunt (died 18 August 1562) was an English politician and peer.	John Mordaunt, 1st Baron Mordaunt	1562
date of death	Nils Robert af Ursin (18 April 1854, Kuopio - 8 May 1936) was a Finnish secondary school teacher and politician.	Nils Robert af Ursin	8 May 1936
date of death	George Child Villiers, 5th Earl of Jersey GCH, PC (19 August 1773 -- 3 October 1859), styled Viscount Villiers until 1805, was a British courtier and Conservative politician from the Villiers family.	George Child Villiers, 5th Earl of Jersey	3 October 1859
date of death	Antti Valkama (31 July 1889 -- 26 July 1974) was a Finnish sports shooter.	Antti Valkama	26 July 1974
date of death	Alexander Salkind (2 June 1921 -- 8 March 1997) was the second of three generations of successful international film producers.	Alexander Salkind	8 March 1997
date of death	Gregory the Patrician (Greek: Γρηγόριος, Latin: Flavius Gregorius, died 647) was a Byzantine Exarch of Africa (modern Tunisia and eastern Algeria).	Gregory the Patrician	647
date of death	Baburaj died an early death, on 7 October 1978 at the age of 57.	Baburaj	7 October 1978
date of death	Dionysios Kokkinos (Greek: Διονύσιος Κόκκινος; 1884--1967) was a Greek historian and writer.	Dionysios Kokkinos	1967
date of death	Henry Wylde (22 May 1822 -- 13 March 1890) was an English conductor, composer, teacher and music critic.	Henry Wylde	13 March 1890
date of death	Stanisław Murzynowski (born 1527/8 in the village of Suszyce, died 1553 in Königsberg (Królewiec, today Kaliningrad)) was a Polish writer, translator and a Lutheran activist during the Protestant Reformation.	Stanisław Murzynowski	1553
date of death	Henryk Breit (1906 -- 1941) was a Polish philologist and journalist.	Henryk Breit	1941
date of death	Augustus Russell Street (5 November 1792-12 June 1866) was a philanthropist who made significant donations to Yale University.	Augustus Russell Street	12 June 1866
date of death	Claire Guttenstein, née Frick then Guttenstein, then Gutt (b. March 26, 1888 d. 1948, Saint-Josse-ten-Noode).	Claire Guttenstein	1948
date of death	Camilla Faà di Bruno, also da Casale, also Camilla Faà Gonzaga (c. 1599 -- 14 July 1662) was an Italian noblewoman who was married secretly, briefly and morganatically to Ferdinando the Gonzaga Duke of Mantua and Duke of Montferrat.	Camilla Faà	14 July 1662
date of death	Amund Rydland (25 November 1888 - 16 February 1967) was a Norwegian stage and film actor and theatre director.	Amund Rydland	1967
date of death	Gino Meneghetti (Italian pronunciation: (ˈdʒino meneˈɡetti); 1 July 1878 - 23 May 1976) was an Italian thief who spent much of his criminal career in Brazil.	Gino Meneghetti	23 May 1976
date of death	Gustav Mevissen, after 1884 known as Gustav von Mevissen, (20 May 1815 -- 13 August 1899), was a German businessman and politician.	Gustav von Mevissen	13 August 1899
date of death	Wernher von Homberg (also Werner; Hohenberg, 1284 -- 21 March 1320) was a knight in the service Emperor Henry VII, and later of Frederick the Fair.	Wernher von Homberg	21 March 1320
date of death	Edwin Field (16 December 1871 -- 9 January 1947) was an English rugby union forward who played club rugby for Cambridge University, Clifton R.F.C., Richmond, Barbarians and Middlesex Wanderers and international rugby for England.	Edwin Field	9 January 1947
date of death	Johan Lorensen (also John Lorentz) (died 1702) was a lieutenant and interim Governor-General of The Danish West Indies during two short periods, respectively October, 1689 to September 17, 1692 and from April 7, 1693 to February 19, 1702.	Johan Lorensen	1702
date of death	Hugh Hare, 1st Baron Coleraine (1606 -- 19 October 1667), was an English courtier.	Hugh Hare, 1st Baron Coleraine	19 October 1667
date of death	Bonnie Davis, born Gertrude Melba Smith (June 10, 1920 -- August 1976), was an American R&B singer most popular in the 1940s.	Bonnie Davis	August 1976
date of death	Yehuda Sha'ari (Hebrew: יהודה שערי‎, 8 February 1920 -- 18 September 1997) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Liberal Party and the Independent Liberals between 1961 and 1977.	Yehuda Sha'ari	18 September 1997
date of death	Mumadona Dias, or Muniadomna Díaz, Countess of Portugal in the 10th century, who ruled the county jointly with her husband from about c. 920 and then on her own after her husband's death around 950 until her death in 968.	Mumadona Dias	968
date of death	Philippe Arthuys (22 November 1928 -- 6 January 2010) was a French composer and film director.	Philippe Arthuys	6 January 2010
date of death	Frank E. Edbrooke (1840--1921), also known as F.E. Edbrooke, was a 19th and early 20th century architect in Denver, Colorado who has been termed the ``dean'' of Denver architecture.	Frank E. Edbrooke	1921
date of death	Angelo Ardinghi (1850--1897) was an Italian wood engraver.	Angelo Ardinghi	1897
date of death	Paolo Quagliati (c. 1555 -- 16 November 1628) was an Italian composer of the early Baroque era and a member of the Roman School of composers.	Paolo Quagliati	16 November 1628
date of death	Hocine Aït Ahmed (Arabic: حسين آيت أحمد‎‎; 20 August 1926 -- 23 December 2015) was an Algerian politician.	Hocine Aït Ahmed	23 December 2015
date of death	John Edward Marr FGS FRS (14 June 1857 -- 1 October 1933) was a British geologist.	John Edward Marr	1 October 1933
date of death	Israel af Ström (5 September 1778 -- 24 October 1856) was a Swedish forest researcher and founder of Sweden's national Forestry Institute.	Israel af Ström	1856
date of death	Kakaji Maharaj (1918--1986) was an Indian philosopher and thinker.	Kakaji Maharaj	1986
date of death	Vittal Mallya (1924--1983) was an Indian entrepreneur, best known as the former Chairman of the India-based United Breweries Group.	Vittal Mallya	1983
date of death	Herman Major Schirmer (20 June 1845 -- 11 April 1913) was a Norwegian architect and historian of art. Born in Kristiania, the son of an architect, he preferred teaching and studying architecture to designing structures, and is hailed as ``one of the chief ideologues'' of Norwegian romantic nationalism.	Herman Major Schirmer	11 April 1913
date of death	Elias Smith (17 June 1769 -- 29 June 1846) was a preacher, physician, journalist and clergyman.	Elias Smith	29 June 1846
date of death	Natan Spigel (also: Nathan, Szpigiel/Spiegel/Szpigel) (1886--1942) was a Jewish artist painter born in Poland.	Natan Spigel	1942
date of death	Robert Raglan (7 April 1909 -- 18 July 1985) was a British actor best known for his semi-regular role in Dad's Army as Colonel Pritchard.	Robert Raglan	1985
date of death	Christen Gran Bøgh (11 June 1876 -- 4 September 1955) was a Norwegian jurist, tourism promoter and theatre critic.	Christen Gran Bøgh	4 September 1955
date of death	Ramkumar Bohra (Hindi: रामकुमार बोहरा; 2 August 1928 -- 11 October 1991) was an Indian film producer / director / actor / screenwriter.	Ramkumar Bohra	11 October 1991
date of death	Ted Peterson MBE (6 May 1916 -- 19 December 2005) was a baseball (British/Welsh) player, whose unparalleled achievements in the sport earned him the title ``Mr Baseball''.	Ted Peterson	19 December 2005
date of death	George Brough (/ˈbrʌf/ BRUF) (21 April 1890 -- 12 January 1970), was a motorcycle racer, world record holding motorcycle and automobile manufacturer, and showman.	George Brough	12 January 1970
date of death	Professor Arthur Pan (floruit 1920--1960) was a Hungarian artist and portrait painter, whose subjects included Winston Churchill.	Arthur Pan	1960
date of death	Reuven Frank (7 December 1920 -- 4 February 2006) was an American broadcast news pioneer.	Reuven Frank	4 February 2006
date of death	Penn Jeffries Krouse (September 23, 1877--April 1944), usually known as P.J. Krouse was a prolific architect in the state of Mississippi.	P.J. Krouse	April 1944
date of death	Renzo Rivolta (5 September 1908 - 20 August 1966) was an Italian Engineer.	Renzo Rivolta	20 August 1966
date of death	Saw Zein (Burmese: စောဇိတ်, pronounced: (sɔ́ zeiʔ); 1303--1330) was the fourth king of the Hanthawaddy Pegu from 1323 to 1330.	Saw Zein	1330
date of death	Thomas Phillips Thompson (25 November 1843 -- 20 May 1933) was an English-born journalist and humorist who was active in the early socialist movement in Canada.	Thomas Phillips Thompson	20 May 1933
date of death	Thomas Jevon (1652--1688) was an English playwright, and one of the first English Harlequins.	Thomas Jevon	1688
date of death	Richard Wilmot DD (1703--1772) was a Canon of Windsor from 1748--1772	Richard Wilmot	1772
date of death	Johnny Mullagh (born Unaarrimin) (13 August 1841 -- 14 August 1891) was a leading Victorian cricketer who led the famous 1868 Aboriginal cricket tour of England.	Johnny Mullagh	14 August 1891
date of death	Eric Spear (18 April 1908 -- 3 November 1966) was an English composer of film music most noted for writing the theme tune to the ITV soap opera Coronation Street.	Eric Spear	3 November 1966
date of death	Theophilus Weeks (1708 -- January 1772) was an early settler in the British colony of Province of North Carolina.	Theophilus Weeks	1772
date of death	Samuel Palmer (27 January 1805 -- 24 May 1881) was a British landscape painter, etcher and printmaker.	Samuel Palmer	24 May 1881
date of death	Mark Carlisle, Baron Carlisle of Bucklow QC DL PC (7 July 1929 --14 July 2005) was a Conservative British politician and was Member of Parliament (MP) for Runcorn 1964-1983 and Warrington South 1983-1987.	Mark Carlisle	14 July 2005
date of death	Hedy Lamarr (/ˈhɛdi/; born Hedwig Eva Maria Kiesler, 9 November 1914 -- 19 January 2000) was an Austrian and American film actress and inventor.	Hedy Lamarr	19 January 2000
date of death	Randolph H. Guthrie (1905 -- 11 September 1989) was an American lawyer and businessman who became the chairman of the Studebaker corporation.	Randolph H. Guthrie	11 September 1989
date of death	Tommy Noble (4 March 1897 -- 1 April 1966) was a British boxer who was British bantamweight champion between 1918 and 1919, and European champion in 1919.	Tommy Noble	1 April 1966
date of death	Gøsta af Geijerstam (22 August 1888 -- 20 August 1954, also Gösta, Gustaf) was a Swedish-Norwegian author and painter.	Gøsta af Geijerstam	1954
date of death	Arthur Leslie Noel Douglas Houghton, Baron Houghton of Sowerby CH PC (11 August 1898 -- 2 May 1996) was a British Labour politician.	Douglas Houghton, Baron Houghton of Sowerby	2 May 1996
date of death	Simon Luttrell, 1st Earl of Carhampton (1713 -- 14 January 1787) was an Anglo-Irish politician and nobleman.	Simon Luttrell, 1st Earl of Carhampton	14 January 1787
date of death	Pupienus (Latin: Marcus Clodius Pupienus Maximus Augustus; born c. 165/170 -- 29 July 238), also known as Pupienus Maximus, was Roman Emperor with Balbinus for three months in 238, during the Year of the Six Emperors.	Pupienus	29 July 238
date of death	Lieutenant General Sir (Warren) Hastings Anderson, KCB (1872--1930) was Quartermaster-General to the Forces.	Hastings Anderson	1930
date of death	William Yandell Elliott (1896--1979) was an American historian and political advisor to six U.S. presidents.	William Yandell Elliott	1979
date of death	Jesse Babcock Ferguson (January 19, 1819--September 3 or September 4, 1870) was an American Christian preacher who developed Spiritualist leanings in the 1840s and 1850s while serving as the preacher at the Nashville, Tennessee Church of Christ.	Jesse Babcock Ferguson	1870
date of death	Jan Malm was CEO of the Swedish telecom company Ericsson in China 2000--2004.	Jan Malm	2004
date of death	Ezra Ichilov (Hebrew: עזרא איכילוב‎, 10 June 1907 -- 25 June 1961) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the General Zionists and the Liberal Party between 1951 and 1961.	Ezra Ichilov	25 June 1961
date of death	Edward Greenly (3 December 1861 -- 4 March 1951) was an English geologist known for his a detailed geological survey of the island of Anglesey.	Edward Greenly	4 March 1951
date of death	Ramberto Malatesta (died January 1330) was a son of the ill-fated Paolo 'il Bello' Malatesta and brother of the Archpriest Guido Malatesta.	Ramberto Malatesta	1330
date of death	Mingrui (Chinese: 明瑞, Burmese: မင်းယွီ, Burmese pronunciation: (mɪ́ɴ jwì); ? -- March 1768) was the first General of Ili from October 1762 to March 1767 and then Governor-general of Yunnan and Guizhou from April 1767 to March 1768.	Mingrui	1768
date of death	Tan Daoji (simplified Chinese: 檀道济; traditional Chinese: 檀道濟; pinyin: Tán Dàojì) (died April 9, 436) was a high level general of the Chinese dynasty Liu Song.	Tan Daoji	436
date of death	Aristóteles Picho Martínez (1957 -- 21 December 2013) was a Peruvian actor, director, writer and acting teacher.	Aristóteles Picho	21 December 2013
date of death	Aberra Kassa (1905 -- 21 December 1936) was an army commander and a member of the Royal family of the Ethiopian Empire.	Aberra Kassa	21 December 1936
date of death	William Augustus Hinton (15 December 1883, Chicago, Illinois -- 1959, Canton, Massachusetts) was an American bacteriologist, pathologist and educator.	William Augustus Hinton	1959
date of death	Hiram Sinsabaugh (c. 1832--1892) was a Methodist Episcopal minister and banker who served on the Los Angeles, California, Common Council, the legislative branch of the city, in the 19th century.	Hiram Sinsabaugh	1892
date of death	Ken Hedt (15 November 1936 - 16 May 2006) was an Australian rules footballer, who played in the Victorian Football League for Collingwood.	Ken Hedt	16 May 2006
date of death	Dr. Edwin Caldwell (August 12, 1867 in Chapel Hill, North Carolina - 1932) was an African American physician who served patients in Central North Carolina around the turn of the twentieth century.	Edwin Caldwell	1932
date of death	Ève Francis (20 August 1886 -- 6 December 1980) was an actress and film-maker.	Ève Francis	6 December 1980
date of death	Cornelius Magrath (1736--1760) was an Irish giant born in Tipperary.	Cornelius Magrath	1760
date of death	Giuseppe Piamontini (1664 - 1742) was an Italian sculptor, born and active in Florence.	Giuseppe Piamontini	1742
date of death	Jonathan Belcher (8 January 1681/2 -- 31 August 1757) was a merchant, businessman, and politician from the Province of Massachusetts Bay during the American colonial period.	Jonathan Belcher	31 August 1757
date of death	Sir Walter George Kent CBE (1858 -- 11 November 1938) was chairman and managing director of the engineering firm George Kent Ltd which was started by his father George Kent in 1838.	Walter George Kent	11 November 1938
date of death	José Miguel García Lanza (17??--1828; also José Miguel Lanza) was a hero of the Bolivian wars of independence.	José Miguel García Lanza	1828
date of death	The 'Mechanical Horse' was made in France, under licence, by Tracteurs FAR Oliver Danson North died 11 November 1968 at Haslemere in his 82nd year.	Oliver Danson North	11 November 1968
date of death	Theodore Ropp (born 22 May 1911 in Hollywood, Illinois - died 2 December 2000 in Durham, North Carolina) was a professor at Duke University.	Theodore Ropp	2 December 2000
date of death	Harald Rudyard Engman (1903-1968) was a Danish artist, painter.	Harald Rudyard Engman	1968
date of death	Logan Pearsall Smith (18 October 1865 -- 2 March 1946) was an American-born British essayist and critic.	Logan Pearsall Smith	2 March 1946
date of death	Ze'ev Boim (Hebrew: זאב בוים‎, 30 April 1943 -- 18 March 2011) was an Israeli politician.	Ze'ev Boim	18 March 2011
date of death	Ran Banda Seneviratne (? -- 5 December 2001) was a Sri Lankan lawyer, author, lyricist, television and radio presenter.	Ran Banda Seneviratne	2001
date of death	José Manuel Machado (1756 - 1852) was a Spanish soldier, ranchero, early citizen and regiador on the ayuntamiento of the pueblo of San Diego.	José Manuel Machado	1852
date of death	Nils Arntzen Ramm (13 August 1903 -- 22 April 1974) was a Norwegian engineer, military captain, and businessperson.	Nils Arntzen Ramm	22 April 1974
date of death	Gao Huaide (高懷德) (c. 926 -- 982) courtesy name Cangyong was a general in ancient China, first in the Later Zhou military and later in the Northern Song military.	Gao Huaide	982
date of death	Michele Deconet (b. 1713 - d. 1799) was a traveling violinist in Paris and Venice, the latter of which he resided in until his death.	Michele Deconet	1799
date of death	Wellwood Herries Maxwell (15 October 1817 -- 13 August 1900) was a Scottish Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1868 to 1874.	Wellwood Herries Maxwell	13 August 1900
date of death	Wilhelm Reublin (1484 -- c. 1559) was a leading figure of the Swiss Brethren movement.	Wilhelm Reublin	1559
date of death	Amatsukaze Masao, born Masao Miyanaga (1 December 1937 -- 30 April 2013), is a former sumo wrestler from Monzen, Ishikawa, Japan.	Amatsukaze Masao	30 April 2013
date of death	Antoine Janis (March 26, 1824--1890) was a 19th-century French-American fur trader and an early white homesteader in Larimer County, Colorado, in the United States.	Antoine Janis	1890
date of death	Khan Bahadur Nawab Sir Liaqat Hayat Khan KBE KCIE OBE (also sometimes 'Liaquat Hyat Khan'), (February 1887 -- 1948) was an Indian official who served for most of his career as a minister and later Prime Minister of Patiala State, in British India.	Liaqat Hayat Khan	1948
date of death	Lila Katzen (30 December 1925, in Brooklyn, NY -- 20 September 1998, in New York, NY), born Lila Pell, was an American sculptor of fluid, large-scale metal abstractions.	Lila Katzen	20 September 1998
date of death	George Reginald Starr DSO MC (6 April 1904 -- 2 September 1980) was a British mining engineer and one of the Special Operations Executive's best secret agents during World War II.	George Reginald Starr	2 September 1980
date of death	John Glen Wardrop (c. 1920 - c. 1989) was an English transport analyst who developed Wardrop's first and second principles of equilibrium.	John Glen Wardrop	1989
date of death	David Litvinoff (sometimes Litvinov; born David Levy; 3 February 1928 -- 8 April 1975) was a consultant for the British film industry who traded on his knowledge of the low life of the East End of London.	David Litvinoff	April 1975
date of death	Abdirizak Haji Hussein (Somali: Cabdirisaaq Xaaji Xuseen; Arabic: عبد الرازق حاجي حسين‎‎; 24 December 1924 -- 31 January 2014) was a Somali diplomat and politician.	Abdirizak Haji Hussein	31 January 2014
date of death	Colonel George Armand Furse CB (23 August 1834 -- 3 April 1906) was a British Colonel and author.	George Armand Furse	3 April 1906
date of death	Henryk Wieniawski ((vʲɛˈɲafskʲi); 10 July 1835 -- 31 March 1880) was a Polish violinist and composer.	Henryk Wieniawski	31 March 1880
date of death	Richard Nelthorpe (died 1685) was an English lawyer, a conspirator in the Rye House Plot.	Richard Nelthorpe	1685
date of death	Petru Bogdan (29 January 1873, Iași -- 28 March 1944, Mediaș) was a Romanian chemist, educator and politician.	Petru Bogdan	28 March 1944
date of death	Nicholas Fish (1758--1833) was an American Revolutionary War soldier.	Nicholas Fish	1833
date of death	Abulhair Khan, Abul Khair Khan (Kazakh: Әбілқайыр хан, Äbilqayır xan) (1693--1748) was leader of the Kazakh Little jüz in present-day western Kazakhstan.	Abul Khair Khan	1748
date of death	Terence Cooper (5 July 1933 -- 16 September 1997) was a British film actor, best known for his roles in Australian and New Zealand television and film.	Terence Cooper	16 September 1997
date of death	Georg Gyssling (16 June 1893 -- 8 January 1965) was German consul to the United States from 1927 until 1941, since 1933 in Los Angeles.	Georg Gyssling	8 January 1965
date of death	William Henry Howe (1846 in Ravenna, Ohio -- 1929) was an American painter active in Bronxville.	William Henry Howe	1929
date of death	Anne McDonald (11 January 1961 -- 22 October 2010) was an Australian author and an activist for the rights of people with communication disability.	Anne McDonald	22 October 2010
date of death	Daniş Karabelen (1898 - 1983) was a Turkish Army general who was the founder of Turkey's Tactical Mobilisation Group in 1952, and served as its chief until his retirement in 1960.	Daniş Karabelen	1983
date of death	Blago Zadro (31 March 1944 -- 16 October 1991) was a commander of the northern part of Croatian defense forces in Vukovar (Croatia) during the Croatian War of Independence.	Blago Zadro	16 October 1991
date of death	Miles Morgan (1616 -- 28 May 1699) was a Welsh colonist of America, a pioneer settler of what was to become Springfield, Massachusetts.	Miles Morgan	28 May 1699
date of death	John Droxford (sometimes John Drokensford; died 9 May 1329), was a Bishop of Bath and Wells.	John Droxford	9 May 1329
date of death	Sir George Gustavus Walker KCB JP DL (1831-5 August 1897) was a Conservative Member of Parliament (MP).	George Gustavus Walker	1897
date of death	Carlo de Tocco (11 August 1592 - 14 February 1674), titular Duke of Leucada and Prince of Montemiletto, was an Italian aristocrat, nobleman and military officer.	Carlo de Tocco	14 February 1674
date of death	Richard Beale Blaize (1844--1904) was a West African businessman of Sierra Leonean and Nigerian heritage.	Richard Beale Blaize	1904
date of death	Nişancı Ahmed Pasha (died February 1753), also called Şehla Ahmed Pasha or Hacı Şehla Ahmed Pasha or Kör Vezir Ahmed Pasha (``Ahmed Pasha the Blind Vizier''), was an Ottoman Grand Vizier during the reign of Mahmud I. He was also the Ottoman governor of Egypt from 1748 to 1751.	Nişancı Ahmed Pasha	February 1753
date of death	Thomas Gerald Pickavance,CBE, FRS (19 October 1915 -- 12 November 1991) was a British nuclear physicist who was a leading authority on the design and use of particle accelerators.	Thomas Gerald Pickavance	12 November 1991
date of death	Bobby Jaspar (20 February 1926 -- 28 February 1963) was a Belgian cool jazz and hard bop saxophonist, flautist and composer.	Bobby Jaspar	28 February 1963
date of death	Thomas Hebblethwaite (1629 -- June 1668) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1660 and 1668.	Thomas Hebblethwaite	1668
date of death	Fernando Cortés (October 4, 1909 -- 1979) was a Mexican (Puerto Rican by birth) film actor, writer and director.	Fernando Cortés	1979
date of death	David McMackon (19 March 1858 -- 10 December 1922) was a Canadian sports shooter.	David McMackon	10 December 1922
date of death	August Bellanca (born 1880 -- 1969) was an American labor activist who was a founder and three-time vice president of the Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America (ACWA).	August Bellanca	1969
date of death	Parviz Yahaghi (Persian: پرویز یاحقی ‎‎) (September 22, 1936 -- February 2, 2007) was a distinguished Iranian composer and violinist.	Parviz Yahaghi	2007
date of death	Henry Somerset, 1st Marquess of Worcester (1577 -- 18 December 1646) was an English aristocrat, who was a prominent and financially important Royalist during the early years of the English Civil War.	Henry Somerset, 1st Marquess of Worcester	18 December 1646
date of death	Pir Ilahi Bux died on 8 October 1975 leaving behind him 5 sons and 2 daughters.	Pir Ilahi Bux	1975
date of death	Pedro de Calatayud (1 August 1689 in Navarre, Spain -- 27 February 1773 in Bologna, Papal States) was a Jesuit missionary.	Pedro de Calatayud	27 February 1773
date of death	Billie Barry (d. 30 September 2014) was an Irish singer, dancer and choreographer who founded the Billie Barry Stage School in 1964.	Billie Barry	30 September 2014
date of death	Vladimir Naglič (1896 -- 1966) was a Slovene mariner and translator, known for his contribution to a Slovene Nautical Dictionary (Pomorska Slovenščina) published in 1961 in cooperation with Janez Gradišnik and contributor of nautical terms to the Dictionary of Slovene Literary Language.	Vladimir Naglič	1966
date of death	Annibal Camoux (1638? -- 1759) was a former French soldier from Marseilles who was noted for his longevity.	Annibal Camoux	1759
date of death	Sir Henry de Grey of Grays Thurrock, Essex (1155 - 1219), was a favourite courtier of King John of England.	Henry de Grey	1219
date of death	Blessed Catherine Jarrige (4 October 1754 -- 4 July 1836), known as Catinon Menette, a beatified third-order Dominican of the Catholic Church.	Catherine Jarrige	4 July 1836
date of death	Fernando Ayala (2 July 1920 -- 11 September 1997) was an Argentine film producer, film director, screenwriter and film producer of the classic era.	Fernando Ayala	11 September 1997
date of death	Zein al-Sharaf Talal (2 August 1916 -- 26 April 1994) was the Queen of Jordan and wife of King Talal.	Zein al-Sharaf Talal	26 April 1994
date of death	John Belfour (1768-1842), was an English orientalist and miscellaneous writer, of whom little is recorded, except that he was a member of the Royal Society of Literature, and that he died in the City Road, London, in 1842, at the age of seventy-four.	John Belfour	1842
date of death	Niels Sigfred Nebelong (14 October 1806 -- 9 October 1871) was a Danish architect who worked in the Historicist style.	Niels Sigfred Nebelong	9 October 1871
date of death	Dawson Dawson-Watson (1864--1939) as a British-born Impressionist painter who became famous in 1927 for winning the largest cash prize in American art, the Texas Competitive Wildflower Competition.	Dawson Dawson-Watson	1939
date of death	Roy Alfred (May 14, 1916 -- 2008) was an American Tin Pan Alley lyricist whose successful songs included ``The Hucklebuck'', ``Rock and Roll Waltz'', and ``Let's Lock the Door (And Throw Away the Key)''.	Roy Alfred	2008
date of death	Solomon Klein (October 14, 1814 at Bischheim, Alsace -- November 10, 1867 at Colmar, Alsace), was a French rabbi.	Solomon Klein	1867
date of death	Embrik Strand (2 June 1876 -- 3 November 1947) was an arachnologist who classified many insect and spider species, including the greenbottle blue tarantula.	Embrik Strand	3 November 1947
date of death	Frank Lewis Marsh (18 October 1899, Aledo, Illinois -- 14 July 1992) was an American Seventh-day Adventist biologist, educator and young Earth creationist author.	Frank Lewis Marsh	1992
date of death	Derrick Norman Lehmer (27 July 1867 -- 8 September 1938) was an American mathematician and number theorist.	Derrick Norman Lehmer	8 September 1938
date of death	Herbert Sanders (20 September 1878 -- 18 May 1938) was a Canadian organist, pianist, conductor, composer, writer on music, and music educator of English birth.	Herbert Sanders	18 May 1938
date of death	Piet Hesse (2 December 1872 -- 4 March 1936) was a Dutch comedian of the late 19th and early 20th century.	Piet Hesse	4 March 1936
date of death	Theodor von Jürgensen (11 April 1840 -- 8 May 1907) was a German internist who was a native of Flensburg, Schleswig-Holstein.	Theodor von Jürgensen	8 May 1907
date of death	Captain Sir Geoffrey de Havilland OM CBE AFC RDI FRAeS (27 July 1882 -- 21 May 1965) was a British aviation pioneer and aircraft engineer.	Geoffrey de Havilland	21 May 1965
date of death	André Tulard (1899--1967) was a French civil administrator and police inspector.	André Tulard	1967
date of death	Saint Amato Ronconi (1225 - 8 May 1292) was an Italian Roman Catholic who became a professed member of the Secular Franciscan Order due to his desire to follow in the footsteps of Saint Francis of Assisi.	Amato Ronconi	8 May 1292
date of death	Percy Fairclough (1 February 1858 -- 22 June 1947) was an English amateur footballer who made one appearance for England in 1878.	Percy Fairclough	22 June 1947
date of death	Ron McCarthy (3 November 1934 -- 20 January 1989) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1950s.	Ron McCarthy	20 January 1989
date of death	Norman Joseph Fetbrod (February 18, 1925 -- 11 May 2007), better known by his professional name Norman Frank, was an American public relations executive and politician who helped the Patrolmen's Benevolent Association (PBA) defeat a civilian complaint review board proposed by New York City Mayor John V. Lindsay.	Norman Frank	11 May 2007
date of death	Nils Wallerius (Stora Mellösa 1 January 1706 -- Funbo 16 August 1764) was a Swedish physicist, philosopher and theologian.	Nils Wallerius	16 August 1764
date of death	Eric Segelberg (20 December 1920 Nykoping, Sweden -- 17 October 2001 Uppsala, Sweden) was theologian and a priest of the Lutheran Church of Sweden.	Eric Segelberg	17 October 2001
date of death	Eve Annabel Farjeon (19 March 1919 - 8 February 2004) was a British ballerina and author.	Annabel Farjeon	8 February 2004
date of death	Amit Golan (1964 - 2010) (Hebrew: עמית גולן) was an Israeli pianist, composer, and jazz educator.	Amit Golan	2010
date of death	Daniel Dancer (1716--1794) was a notorious English miser whose life was documented soon after his death and continued in print over the following century.	Daniel Dancer	1794
date of death	Peter Engelmann (b. Pfalz, Rhenish Prussia, 1823 in -- d. 1874) was a German American educationist, writer and founder of the German-English Academy (today University School of Milwaukee).	Peter Engelmann	1874
date of death	Edmund Gunter (1581 -- 10 December 1626), was an English clergyman, mathematician, geometer and astronomer of Welsh descent.	Edmund Gunter	10 December 1626
date of death	Charles I, Duke of Münsterberg-Oels (also: Charles I of Podebrady, Czech: Karel z Minstrberka, German: Karl I. von Münsterberg; 2 or 4 May 1476, Kladsko -- 31 May 1536, Frankenstein) was a member of the House of Poděbrady.	Charles I, Duke of Münsterberg-Oels	31 May 1536
date of death	Sir John Robin Ibbs, KBE (21 April 1926 -- 27 July 2014) was an English business executive, government advisor and Royal Navy officer.	Robin Ibbs	27 July 2014
date of death	Arvid Emanuel Kallen (July 24, 1895 -- April 1969) was a General Motors executive until his retirement in 1959.	Arvid Emanuel Kallen	1969
date of death	Ron Kershaw (1945 -- July 1989) was an American television news executive responsible for several television news innovations.	Ron Kershaw	July 1989
date of death	Sir John Penington (1584?--1646) was an English admiral who served under Charles I of England.	John Penington	1646
date of death	Carl Wilhelm Scheele (9 December 1742 -- 21 May 1786) was a Swedish Pomeranian and pharmaceutical chemist.	Carl Wilhelm Scheele	21 May 1786
date of death	Chapman Cohen (1 September 1868 -- 4 February 1954) was a leading English atheist and secularist writer and lecturer.	Chapman Cohen	4 February 1954
date of death	Ida Aalberg (4 December 1857 -- 17 January 1915) was the most notable and internationally known Finnish actress of her time.	Ida Aalberg	17 January 1915
date of death	James McGiffen (30 January 1904 -- 3 August 1929) was an English footballer who played as an outside left in the Football League for Darlington.	James McGiffen	3 August 1929
date of death	Frank Caine (28 July 1881 -- 19 January 1930) was an Australian rules footballer in the Victorian Football League.	Frank Caine	19 January 1930
date of death	Sir Archibald Douglas of Glenbervie (1513 -- 18 September 1570) was a Scottish nobleman.	Archibald Douglas of Glenbervie	18 September 1570
date of death	Sir John Wittewrong, 1st Baronet (1 November 1618 -- 23 June 1693) was an English parliamentarian colonel and squire of Rothamsted Manor.	Sir John Wittewrong, 1st Baronet	23 June 1693
date of death	John IV of Werle-Goldberg, (before 1350 -- between 13 March and 14 December 1374) was from 1354 until his death Lord of Werle-Goldberg.	John IV of Werle	14 December 1374
date of death	Li Shanlan (李善蘭, courtesy name: Renshu 壬叔, art name: Qiuren 秋紉) (1810 -- 1882) was a Chinese mathematician of the Qing Dynasty.	Li Shanlan	1882
date of death	Fr. Elie Melia (Georgian: ილია მელია) (February 20, 1915 -- 1988) was a Georgian Orthodox priest in France and church historian.	Elie Melia	1988
date of death	Zhao Erxun, or Chao Erh-sun, (simplified Chinese: 赵尔巽; traditional Chinese: 趙爾巽; 1844--1927) was the brother of Zhao Erfeng.	Zhao Erxun	1927
date of death	Stephen McGonagle (17 November 1914 -- 4 March 2002) was a Northern Irish and Irish trade unionist.	Stephen McGonagle	4 March 2002
date of death	Ubay ibn Ka'b (died 649), also known as Abu Mundhir (the father of Mundhir), was a companion of the Islamic prophet Muhammad and a person of high esteem in the early Muslim community.	Ubay ibn Ka'b	649
date of death	Albert Inkpin (16 June 1884 -- 1944) was a British communist and the first General Secretary of the Communist Party of Great Britain (CPGB).	Albert Inkpin	1944
date of death	Julius Klinger (May 22, 1876 -- 1942) was an Austrian Painter, draftsman, illustrator, commercial graphic artist, typographer and writer.	Julius Klinger	1942
date of death	Jenő Ghyczy de Ghicz, Assakürt et Ablánczkürt (4 May 1893 -- 18 January 1982) was a Hungarian politician, who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs between 1943 and 1944.	Jenő Ghyczy	18 January 1982
date of death	Charles Skinner Hallpike, CBE, FRS (19 July 1900 -- 26 September 1979) was an English otologist.	Charles Skinner Hallpike	26 September 1979
date of death	Charles N. Riotte (1814--1887) was an American diplomat who served as US ambassador to Costa Rica and Nicaragua under the administration of Abraham Lincoln and Ulysses S. Grant.	Charles N. Riotte	1887
date of death	Karl Eusebius, Prince of Liechtenstein (11 April 1611 -- 5 April 1684) was the Prince of Liechtenstein.	Karl Eusebius, Prince of Liechtenstein	5 April 1684
date of death	Anne Hutchinson, born Anne Marbury (1591--1643), was a Puritan spiritual adviser, mother of 15, and an important participant in the Antinomian Controversy that shook the infant Massachusetts Bay Colony from 1636 to 1638.	Anne Hutchinson	1643
date of death	Karl-Heinz Marsell (1 August 1936 -- 23 September 1996) was a German professional cyclist who was active between 1955 and 1966, predominantly in motor-paced racing.	Karl-Heinz Marsell	23 September 1996
date of death	Sir Joseph Ashe, 1st Baronet (1618 -- 15 April 1686) was an English Whig politician and merchant.	Sir Joseph Ashe, 1st Baronet	15 April 1686
date of death	Joseph Katz (1912--2004) allegedly worked for Soviet intelligence from the 1930s to the late 1940s as one of its most active liaison agents.	Joseph Katz	2004
date of death	Josias Nottidge (1828-1873) was an English rower who twice won Silver Goblets at Henley Royal Regatta.	Josias Nottidge	1873
date of death	Johan Andreas Altenburg (1763--1824) was a Norwegian merchant and shipowner, who belonged to the patriciate of the port town of Skien.	Johan Andreas Altenburg	1824
date of death	Henrik Johan Walbeck (1794-1823) was a Finnish geodesist studying the size and figure of the Earth by means of grade measurement.	Henrik Johan Walbeck	1823
date of death	William Ohly (31 August 1883 -- 22 July 1955) was a British ethnographic art collector and gallery owner, whose Berkeley Galleries and Abbey Art Centre and Museum were important features of the mid-20th century London art scene.	William Ohly	22 July 1955
date of death	Marcus Ummidius Quadratus Annianus (138 CE - 182 CE) was a wealthy Roman Politician and the nephew of the Roman emperor Marcus Aurelius.	Marcus Ummidius Quadratus Annianus	182
date of death	Wes Gallagher (died October 11, 1997) was an American journalist for the Associated Press.	Wes Gallagher	1997
date of death	Chokkanatha Nayak (1662--1682) succeeded his father Muttu Alkadri Nayak,as the ruler of the Madurai Nayak dynasty, when he was sixteen years old.	Chokkanatha Nayak	1682
date of death	Saints Exuperius and Zoe (died 127 AD) are 2nd century Christian martyrs.	Exuperius and Zoe	127
date of death	Usher Lee was Dean of Waterford from 1804 until his death in 1850.	Usher Lee	1850
date of death	Simcha Dinitz (Hebrew: שמחה דיניץ‎, born 23 June 1929, died 23 September 2003) was an Israeli statesman and politician.	Simcha Dinitz	23 September 2003
date of death	Sangram Shah (1500--1542 CE) was a king of the Garha-Katanga Kingdom, now in the Narsinghpur district within the state of Madhya Pradesh, India.	Sangram Shah	1542
date of death	Elna Lassen (1901 -- 1930) was a Danish ballerina who was the premiere danseuse of the Royal Danish Ballet.	Elna Lassen	1930
date of death	John Backwell (20 April 1654 -- 15 April 1708) was an English politician, the son of the financier Edward Backwell.	John Backwell	15 April 1708
date of death	Mr Commissioner Robert Malcolm Kerr LL.D (5 June 1821--21 November 1902), was a British judge of the late Victorian era.	Robert Malcolm Kerr	21 November 1902
date of death	General of the Infantry Jakob Friedrich von Rüchel-Kleist (25 January 1778, Segenthin -- 15 March 1848, Danzig) was a Prussian officer during the Napoleonic Wars and a governor of Danzig (Gdansk).	Jakob Friedrich von Rüchel-Kleist	15 March 1848
date of death	James Bucknall Bucknall Estcourt (1803-1855), was a major-general and MP.	James Bucknall Bucknall Estcourt	1855
date of death	Christina Charlotta Cederström (née Mörner af Morlanda) (2 March 1760 -- 22 February 1832) was a Swedish dilettante artist, salon hostess, and baroness.	Charlotta Cederström	22 February 1832
date of death	Sir Robert Shaw, 1st Baronet (29 January 1774 -- 10 March 1849) was a Tory UK Member of Parliament who represented Dublin City from 1804 to 1826.	Sir Robert Shaw, 1st Baronet	10 March 1849
date of death	Charles John Guthrie, Lord Guthrie (4 April 1849 in Edinburgh -- 28 April 1920 in Edinburgh) was a Scottish lawyer.	Charles John Guthrie, Lord Guthrie	28 April 1920
date of death	George Drought Warburton (1816--1857) was an Irish soldier, politician and writer on Canada.	George Drought Warburton	1857
date of death	Beauchamp Tower (13 January 1845 -- 31 December 1904) was an English inventor and railway engineer who is chiefly known for his discovery of full-film or hydrodynamic lubrication.	Beauchamp Tower	31 December 1904
date of death	Jakob Horn (14 February 1867 -- 24 February 1946) was a German mathematician who introduced Horn functions.	Jakob Horn	24 February 1946
date of death	Cut Nyak Meutia (1870 -- 24 October 1910), also known as Cut Meutia, is an Indonesian national hero from Aceh.	Cut Nyak Meutia	1910
date of death	Count Adamo Chiusole ((1728 - 1787) was an Italian painter and art historian. He mainly painted subjects with animals, landscapes and capricci.	Adamo Chiusole	1787
date of death	Eugene List (July 6, 1918 -- March 1, 1985) was an American concert pianist and teacher.	Eugene List	1985
date of death	Sir John Hardy, 1st Baronet (23 February 1809 -- 9 July 1888), was a British Conservative Member of Parliament.	Sir John Hardy, 1st Baronet	9 July 1888
date of death	Dr Eric Cunningham Dax, AO, BSc Lond, HonMD, FRACP, FRANZCP, HonFRCPsych (18 May 1908 -- 29 January 2008) was a British-born Australian psychiatrist.	Eric Cunningham Dax	29 January 2008
date of death	Gustaf Adolf Vive Sparre af Söfteborg (4 September 1802 -- 26 April 1886) was a Swedish nobleman, civil servant and politician.	Gustaf Adolf Vive Sparre	26 April 1886
date of death	Félix Cottrau, a French painter, was born in Paris in 1799, and died in the same city in 1852.	Félix Cottrau	1852
date of death	Tom B. Coughran (March 18, 1906, near Visalia, California -- October 2, 1993) was an American banker, soldier and public servant.	Tom B. Coughran	1993
date of death	Auguste Pierre Chouteau (9 May 1786 -- 25 December 1838) was a member of the Chouteau fur-trading family who established trading posts in what is now the U.S. state of Oklahoma.	Auguste Pierre Chouteau	25 December 1838
date of death	Ernst Plassmann (14 June 1823 -- 28 November 1877; alternate spelling, Plassman) was a German-American sculptor and carver.	Ernst Plassmann	28 November 1877
date of death	Francis Joseph Neptune (1735--1834) was chief of the Passamaquoddy tribe during the American Revolutionary War.	Francis Joseph Neptune	1834
date of death	Theophilus Polwhele or Polwheile (died 1689) was an English ejected minister.	Theophilus Polwhele	1689
date of death	Richard Annesley, 2nd Earl Annesley PC (Ire) (14 April 1745 -- 9 November 1824), styled The Honourable from 1758 to 1802, was an Anglo-Irish politician and noble.	Richard Annesley, 2nd Earl Annesley	9 November 1824
date of death	Madeleine Simms (6 September 1930 -- 3 October 2011) was a British social campaigner and one of the architects of the Abortion Act 1967.	Madeleine Simms	3 October 2011
date of death	Corneliu E. Giurgea (6 January 1923, Bucharest -- 30 December 1995, Brussels) was a Romanian psychologist and chemist.	Corneliu E. Giurgea	30 December 1995
date of death	Lieutenant Colonel Henry Milling (died 30 December 1822) was a British Army officer who fought in the Napoleonic Wars.	Henry Milling	30 December 1822
date of death	Richard Sampson (died 25 September 1554) was an English clergyman and composer of sacred music, who was Anglican bishop of Chichester and subsequently of Coventry and Lichfield.	Richard Sampson	25 September 1554
date of death	Samuel Simmons (1640--1687) was an English printer, best known as the first publisher of several works by John Milton.	Samuel Simmons	1687
date of death	Sir John Hody (died 1441) was an English judge and Chief Justice of the King's Bench	John Hody	1441
date of death	Xu Ming (Chinese: 徐明; pinyin: Xú Míng; April 1971 -- 4 December 2015) was a Chinese entrepreneur and onetime billionaire.	Xu Ming	4 December 2015
date of death	Boris Mokrousov (Russian: Бори́с Андре́евич Мокроу́сов; 27 February 1909 -- 27 March 1968) was a Soviet composer.	Boris Mokrousov	27 March 1968
date of death	King Hye of Baekje (died 599) (r. 598--599) was the 28th king of Baekje, one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea.	Hye of Baekje	599
date of death	Parshuram Ballal Godbole (Marathi: परशुराम बल्लाळ गोडबोले) (1799 -- 3 September 1874) was a Marathi lexicographer, editor, and translator.	Parshuram Ballal Godbole	3 September 1874
date of death	Oliver Lloyd (or Lloyde) (1570 or 1571 -- 1625) was a Welsh Anglican priest and lawyer who became Dean of Hereford Cathedral.	Oliver Lloyd	1625
date of death	Denma Locho Rinpoche (1928 Kham, 23 October 2014) was a Tibetan recognized incarnate lama of the Loseling College of Drepung Monastery.	Denma Locho Rinpoche	23 October 2014
date of death	K. P. Karunakara Menon (1930--2002) was the president of Nair Service Society till his death in 2002.	K. P. Karunakara Menon	2002
date of death	Spencer Leigh Hughes (21 April 1858 -- 22 February 1920) was a British, engineer, journalist and Liberal politician.	Spencer Leigh Hughes	22 February 1920
date of death	Heinrich Gattineau (6 January 1905 in Bucharest -- 27 April 1985) was a German economist, Sturmabteilung (SA) leader, director of IG Farben and defendant during the Nuremberg trials.	Heinrich Gattineau	27 April 1985
date of death	Sir Charles Wolseley, 7th Baronet (20 July 1769 - 3 October 1846) was one of the Wolseley baronets of Staffordshire.	Sir Charles Wolseley, 7th Baronet	1846
date of death	Marius Plamondon (1914--1976) was a Canadian sculptor and stained glass artist who made a significant contribution to the revival of the art of stained glass in Quebec during his lifetime.	Marius Plamondon	1976
date of death	Donald Carroll (12 December 1940 -- 30 December 2010) was an American author, editor, poet, columnist and humourist.	Donald Carroll	30 December 2010
date of death	Robert Templeton (12 December 1802 -- 2 June 1892) was a Naturalist, artist, and entomologist, and was born at Cranmore House, Belfast, Ireland.	Robert Templeton	2 June 1892
date of death	Like his grandfather, Bishan Singh died in this bitterly cold region (31 December 1699) after serving a bigoted and thankless master.	Bishan Singh	31 December 1699
date of death	William Graham, 8th Earl of Menteith, 2nd Earl of Airth (c. 1634 -- 1694), was a Scottish nobleman.	William Graham, 8th Earl of Menteith	1694
date of death	Ciro Denza (Castellammare di Stabia, near Naples February 8, 1844 - 1915) was an Italian painter.	Ciro Denza	1915
date of death	Lukeni lua Nimi (also Ntinu Nimi a Lukeni; c. 1380--1420) was the first king and founder of the Kingdom of Kongo Dia Ntotila.	Lukeni lua Nimi	1420
date of death	William Pollard-Urquhart (19 June 1815 -- 1 June 1871), was a 19th-century writer specialising in economic and policy questions of his day; he served as high sheriff of County Westmeath, and sat as Member of Parliament for the county.	William Pollard-Urquhart	1 June 1871
date of death	El Gran Senor (21 April 1981 -- October 2006) was an American-bred Thoroughbred race horse, foaled at Windfields Farm in Maryland.	El Gran Senor	October 2006
date of death	Sir John Trott, 1st Baronet (ca. 1615 -- 14 July 1672) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1660 to 1672.	Sir John Trott, 1st Baronet	14 July 1672
date of death	Martin Henry Freeman (1826--1889) was the first Black president of an American college, as well as later serving as president of Liberia College.	Martin Henry Freeman	1889
date of death	George Manson (3 December 1850 - 27 February 1876) was a Scottish watercolour painter born in Edinburgh.	George Manson	27 February 1876
date of death	Hans Holmboe (8 October 1798 - 23 May 1868) was a Norwegian educator and politician.	Hans Holmboe	23 May 1868
date of death	Franceschetto Cybo (baptized Francesco) (c. 1450 -- 25 July 1519) was an Italian nobleman, the illegitimate son of Pope Innocent VIII (Giovanni Battista Cybo).	Franceschetto Cybo	25 July 1519
date of death	Mohammad Barkatullah (1898 -- 1974), a Bangladeshi author, was born in Sirajganj.	Mohammad Barkatullah	1974
date of death	Isabella Mercia McDonagh (1899--1982), also known as Marie Lorraine, was an Australian actress who often worked in collaboration with her sisters Paulette and Phyllis.	Marie Lorraine	1982
date of death	Christian Fleischer (1713 -- 21 March 1768) was a Danish civil servant in the naval administration.	Christian Fleischer	21 March 1768
date of death	Edmund Whitelocke (1565--1608) was an English soldier, royal courtier and suspected conspirator.	Edmund Whitelocke	1608
date of death	Arcangelo Corelli (/kɔːˈrɛli/; 17 February 1653 -- 8 January 1713) was an Italian violinist and composer of the Baroque era.	Arcangelo Corelli	8 January 1713
date of death	M.C. Davar (24 April 1913 -- 9 November 1977) was a freedom fighter and associate of Jawaharlal Nehru who is remembered for his opposition to the Partition of India, his work among the refugees from Pakistan and his championing the idea of a confederation of India and Pakistan.	M.C. Davar	9 November 1977
date of death	Thomas Francis McNulty (1858 or 1859 -- 1932) was an American Democratic Party (United States) political operative and epithetist.	Thomas Francis McNulty	1932
date of death	James Moss Cardwell (17 January 1926 - 11 April 1990), who used the pen name Adobe James, was an American writer and educator.	James Moss Cardwell	11 April 1990
date of death	Henrik von Rehbinder (1604--1680) was a Swedish soldier and Friherre of the Udriku estate in Swedish Estonia.	Henrik von Rehbinder	1680
date of death	Jean-François Batut (26 June 1828 in Castres - 21 May 1907) was a French painter known for his portraits, with subjects including Ferdinand de Lesseps and Gustave Eiffel.	Jean-François Batut	21 May 1907
date of death	Elizabeth Sparhawk-Jones (1885--1968) was an American painter who lived in New York City, Philadelphia, and Paris, France.	Elizabeth Sparhawk-Jones	1968
date of death	Charles George Harper (1863 -- 1943) was an English author and illustrator.	Charles George Harper	1943
date of death	Heukchi Sangji (Hangul: 흑치상지, Hanja: 黑齒常之, pinyin: Heichi Changzhi) (630--689) was a Baekje general who became a leader of the Baekje Revival Movement, and later a Tang Dynasty general.	Heukchi Sangji	689
date of death	Otto Torvik (born June 12, 1901 in Bolsøy, died in 1988) was a Norwegian missionary in Xinjiang and in India.	Otto Torvik	1988
date of death	Eva Crane (12 June 1912 -- 6 September 2007) was a researcher and author on the subjects of bees and beekeeping.	Eva Crane	6 September 2007
date of death	Pushyamitra Shunga was succeeded in 151 BCE by his son Agnimitra.	Pushyamitra Shunga	151 BCE
date of death	Joseph Stock (1740--1813) was an Irish Protestant churchman and writer, bishop of Killala and Achonry and afterwards bishop of Waterford and Lismore.	Joseph Stock	1813
date of death	Manuel Gregorio Argerich or Manuel Argerich (1835--1871) was an Argentine philosopher, author, lawyer, politician, mathematician and medical doctor.	Manuel Argerich	1871
date of death	Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy (English IPA: ɦusæŋ ʃɑid sɦuɾɑwɑɾdɪə; Urdu: حسین شہید سہروردی‎; Bengali: হোসেন শহীদ সোহ্‌রাওয়ার্দী; 8 September 1892 -- 5 December 1963) was a Bengali politician and statesman from Bengal in the first half of the 20th-century.	Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy	5 December 1963
date of death	Parkin Jeffcock, C.E. (27 October 1829 -- 13 December 1866), was a mining engineer who died trying to effect the rescue of miners during the Oaks mining disaster which eventually took over 350 lives.	Parkin Jeffcock	13 December 1866
date of death	Petar Mandajiev (Bulgarian: Петър Мандаджиев; 6 November 1929 -- 2008) was a Bulgarian equestrian and Olympic medalist.	Petar Mandajiev	2008
date of death	Francis Brabazon (24 January 1907 - 24 June 1984) was an Australian poet and a member of Meher Baba's mandali.	Francis Brabazon	24 June 1984
date of death	Pierre Terrail, seigneur de Bayard (1473 -- 30 April 1524) was a French soldier, generally known as the Chevalier de Bayard.	Pierre Terrail, seigneur de Bayard	30 April 1524
date of death	Thomas Shuttleworth Grimshawe (1778--1850), was an English biographer.	Thomas Shuttleworth Grimshawe	1850
date of death	Felix Salten (6 September 1869 -- 8 October 1945) was an Austrian author and critic in Vienna.	Felix Salten	8 October 1945
date of death	Alexander Forbes, 4th Lord Forbes (died 1491), was the eldest son of William, third Lord Forbes, and succeeded his father in or before 1483.	Alexander Forbes, 4th Lord Forbes	1491
date of death	Mirko Virius (October 28, 1889 -- 1943) was a Croatian naïve painter.	Mirko Virius	1943
date of death	Count Froben Christoph of Zimmern (19 February 1519 -- 27 November 1566) was the author of the Zimmern Chronicle and a member of the von Zimmern family of Swabian nobility.	Froben Christoph of Zimmern	27 November 1566
date of death	Sukhrungphaa (reign 1696--1714), or Swargadeo Rudra Singha (Assamese: স্বৰ্গদেউ ৰূদ্ৰ সিংহ), was a Tungkhungia king of the Ahom kingdom under whom the kingdom reached its zenith of power and glory.	Sukhrungphaa	1714
date of death	Karl Joseph Kuwasseg (1802, Trieste - 1877) was an Austrian painter of the 19th century, who moved to Paris in 1830 and took French nationality in 1870.	Karl Joseph Kuwasseg	1877
date of death	Hazel Bess Laugenour (1899--1960) was an Undergraduate at the University of California at Berkeley in Literature when she became the first woman to swim across The Golden Gate Strait, which separates the Pacific Ocean from San Francisco Bay on August 19, 1911.	Hazel Bess Laugenour	1960
date of death	Sir Julian Goldsmid, 3rd Baronet (8 October 1838 -- 7 January 1896) was a British lawyer, businessman and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1866 and 1896.	Julian Goldsmid	7 January 1896
date of death	Saints Julian and Basilissa (died ca. 304) were husband and wife.	Julian and Basilissa	304
date of death	John Chauderon (French: Jean Chauderon; died 1294) was the Baron of Estamira and Grand Constable of the Principality of Achaea, the strongest of the principalities of Frankish Greece.	John Chauderon	1294
date of death	Marianus of Florence was a Friar Minor, historian, and chronicler of the Franciscan Order; born in Florence about the middle of the fifteenth century, exact date of birth uncertain; died there, 20 July 1523.	Marianus of Florence	20 July 1523
date of death	John Sommerfield (25 June 1908 -- 13 August 1991) was a British writer and left-wing activist known for his influential novel May Day, which fictionalised a Communist upheaval in 1930s London.	John Sommerfield	13 August 1991
date of death	Moritz Hohenbaum van der Meer, aka Mauritius Hohenbaum van der Meer (25 June 1718 -- 18 December 1795) was a Swiss Benedictine historian.	Moritz Hohenbaum van der Meer	18 December 1795
date of death	Hassan Sheikh Mumin (Somali: Xasan Sheekh Muumiin, Arabic: حسن الشيخ مؤمن‎) (1931 -- 16 January 2008) was a Somali poet, playwright, broadcaster, actor and composer.	Hassan Sheikh Mumin	16 January 2008
date of death	Louis-Camus Destouches (1668 -- 11 March 1726), usually called Destouches-Canon, was an artillery officer in the French Royal Army.	Louis-Camus Destouches	11 March 1726
date of death	Thomas Oldham Barlow RA (4 August 1824 -- 24 December 1889) was an English mezzotint engraver.	Thomas Oldham Barlow	24 December 1889
date of death	Adolph Carl von de Heyde Süssmilch (12 February 1875 -- 6 December 1946), also known as Adolph Carl Süssmilch, was an Australian geologist and educationist.	Carl Süssmilch	6 December 1946
date of death	Thomas Barowe or Barrow (died 1497?) was an English ecclesiastic and judge.	Thomas Barowe	1497
date of death	Frank Hope-Jones (1867--1950) was a British horologist.	Frank Hope-Jones	1950
date of death	After entrusting the responsibilities of his office to his successor Mar Dionysius VI, Pulikkottil Joseph Mar Dionysious II died on 11 July 1909.	Pulikkottil Joseph Mar Dionysious II	11 July 1909
date of death	Cândido da Fonseca Galvão, also known as Dom Obá II D'África (Lençóis, 1845-1890), was a Brazilian military and nobleman.	Cândido da Fonseca Galvão	1890
date of death	Walter Hussey Burgh (1742--1783 ) was an Irish statesman, barrister and judge; he sat in the Irish House of Commons, and was considered to be one of its outstanding orators; he served briefly as Chief Baron of the Exchequer at the end of his life.	Walter Hussey Burgh	1783
date of death	Stella Schmolle, (1908-1975) was a British painter, known for the paintings she produced while serving in the Auxiliary Territorial Service during World War II and for her post-war portrait paintings.	Stella Schmolle	1975
date of death	Andrés Curruchich (full name Andrés Curruchich Cúmez, sometimes called ``Andrew'') (19 January 1891 - 18 February 1969) was a Guatemalan naïve painter of the Kaqchikel people from the Kaqchikel town of San Juan Comalapa.	Andrés Curruchich	18 February 1969
date of death	Nicola Veronica a portrait artist, photograph engraver for The Chicago Tribune newspaper, and art instructor at Palette and Chisel Academy of Fine Art in Chicago, Illinois, was born 15 August 1905 in Italy, and died September 1979.	Nicola Veronica	September 1979
date of death	Octavio Gaona (1907--1996) was a Mexican Luchador, or professional wrestler, known for his participation in the first ever high profile Lucha de Apuesta, or wager fight, against Murciélago Velázquez.	Octavio Gaona	1996
date of death	Paolo Falconieri (1638--1704) was an Italian architect, painter and mathematician, from a noble family of Florence, whose intellectual interests were wide-ranging, one of the viruosi of the first scientific century.	Paolo Falconieri	1704
date of death	Richard Risley (before 1615 - 1648) was an early Puritan settler in the Massachusetts Bay Colony and one of the founders of Hartford, Connecticut.	Richard Risley	1648
date of death	Ami Perrin (died 1561) was a Swiss Libertine and one of the most powerful figures in Geneva in the 16th century as chief opponent of religious reformer John Calvin's rule of the city.	Ami Perrin	1561
date of death	Dominick Dáll Bodkin (died 8 October 1740) was an Irish mass murderer.	Dominick Dáll Bodkin	1740
date of death	Benjamin Franklin Williams (1819 - 1886) was a Methodist minister and Republican politician who served three terms in the Texas Legislature.	Benjamin Franklin Williams	1886
date of death	Eli Fuchs (Hebrew: אלי פוקס‎ ;1924--1992) was an Israeli international football player and manager of Maccabi Haifa.	Eli Fuchs	1992
date of death	Alby Herman (28 March 1879 -- 11 February 1924) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Alby Herman	11 February 1924
date of death	Demetrio González (7 October 1927 -- 25 January 2015) was a Spanish-born Mexican film actor and singer of ranchera music.	Demetrio González	25 January 2015
date of death	Sir Philip Dawson (6 October 1866 -- 24 September 1938) was a British electrical engineer and Conservative politician.	Philip Dawson	24 September 1938
date of death	Catherine Kendrigan (c. 1837 -- May 1853), murder victim.	Catherine Kendrigan	1853
date of death	Barbara Sass-Zdort (14 October 1936 -- 2 April 2015) was a Polish screenwriter and film/stage director.	Barbara Sass	2 April 2015
date of death	Camille Muffat (French pronunciation: ​(ka.mij myfa); 28 October 1989 -- 9 March 2015) was a French swimmer and three-time Olympic medalist.	Camille Muffat	9 March 2015
date of death	Maurice Mahon, 1st Baron Hartland (21 June 1738 -- 4 January 1819), was an Irish politician and landowner.	Maurice Mahon, 1st Baron Hartland	4 January 1819
date of death	Robert Moorhouse (7 September 1866 -- 7 January 1921) was an English first-class cricketer, who played 206 matches for Yorkshire County Cricket Club between 1888 and 1899.	Robert Moorhouse	7 January 1921
date of death	Manuel Zapata Olivella (Santa Cruz of Lorica, Córdoba, 17 March 1920 - Bogota, 19 November 2004) was a doctor, anthropologist and Colombian writer.	Manuel Zapata Olivella	19 November 2004
date of death	Elizabeth Watkin-Jones (13 July 1887 -- 9 June 1966) was a Welsh children's book author, who wrote in the Welsh language.	Elizabeth Watkin-Jones	9 June 1966
date of death	James Tassie (1735--1799) was a Scottish gem engraver and modeller.	James Tassie	1799
date of death	Arthur Montagu Brookfield (18 March 1853 -- 3 March 1940) was a British army officer, diplomat author and Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1903.	Arthur Montagu Brookfield	3 March 1940
date of death	Sumitra Charat Ram (17 November 1914 -- 8 August 2011) was noted Indian arts patron, impresario and the founder of Shriram Bharatiya Kala Kendra (SBKK) established in 1952.	Sumitra Charat Ram	8 August 2011
date of death	Eochocán mac Áedo (died 883) was a Dál Fiatach king of Ulaid, which is now Ulster, Ireland.	Eochocán mac Áedo	883
date of death	Norman St John-Stevas, Baron St John of Fawsley, PC, FRSL (/ˌsɪndʒən ˈstiːvəs/ sin-jən-STEE-vəs; 18 May 1929 -- 2 March 2012) was a British politician, author, constitutional expert and barrister.	Norman St John-Stevas	2 March 2012
date of death	Hans von Baysen or Jan Bażyński (c. 1394 -- 1459) was a Prussian knight and statesman, leader of the Prussian Confederation and the first Polish governor of Royal Prussia.	Jan Bażyński	1459
date of death	Hon. Alexander Macleay (also spelt McLeay) MLC FLS FRS (24 June 1767 -- 18 July 1848) was a leading member of the Linnean Society, a fellow of the Royal Society and member of the New South Wales Legislative Council.	Alexander Macleay	18 July 1848
date of death	Henry Smith Carhart, Ph.B. (1844--1920) was an American physicist and university professor.	Henry Smith Carhart	1920
date of death	Sir Thomas Dick Lauder of Fountainhall, 7th Baronet, FRSE FSA(Scot) (13 August 1784 -- 29 May 1848) was a Scottish author.	Thomas Dick Lauder	29 May 1848
date of death	Jim Adamson (1 August 1905 -- 22 August 1991) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) for over a decade.	Jim Adamson	22 August 1991
date of death	Wulfoald (died 680) was the mayor of the palace of Austrasia from 656 or 661, depending on when Grimoald I was removed from that office (accounts vary: see his article for details), to his death and mayor of the palace of Neustria and Burgundy from 673 to 675.	Wulfoald	680
date of death	Howard Steel (14 May 1911 -- 12 February 1987) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Howard Steel	12 February 1987
date of death	Abdul Samad Abdulla (died 25 August 2013) was a Maldivian politician and the Minister of Foreign Affairs.	Abdul Samad Abdulla	25 August 2013
date of death	Richard Edward Geoffrey Howe, Baron Howe of Aberavon CH PC QC (20 December 1926 -- 9 October 2015), known from 1970 to 1992 as Sir Geoffrey Howe, was a British Conservative politician.	Geoffrey Howe	9 October 2015
date of death	Subodh Ghosh (Bengali: সুবোধ ঘোষ) (1909--1980) was a noted Bengali author and journalist with Kolkata-based daily newspaper Ananda Bazar Patrika.	Subodh Ghosh	1980
date of death	George Austin (fl. 1780s) was one of two gardeners trained at the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, in London and sent by Joseph Banks to care for plants on a voyage to the British colony in New Holland (Australia) in 1789.	George Austin	1789
date of death	William Gandy (died 1729), was an English portrait-painter.	William Gandy	1729
date of death	Harriet Whitney Frishmuth (September 17, 1880, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania -- January 1980, Waterbury, Connecticut) was an American sculptor known for her works in bronze.	Harriet Whitney Frishmuth	1980
date of death	Imrich Barta (1925 in Šamorín -- 1999 in Bratislava), was a famous Slovak painter and architect of Greek ancestry.	Imrich Barta	1999
date of death	Fritz Feigl (15 May 1891 -- 23 January 1971) was a Jewish Austrian-born chemist.	Fritz Feigl	23 January 1971
date of death	Sir Henry Kenyon Stephenson, 1st Baronet (16 August 1865 - 20 September 1947) was a British politician and businessperson.	Henry Kenyon Stephenson	20 September 1947
date of death	Morris Goldseker (December 24, 1898 - June 1973) was a real estate business tycoon, broker, and philanthropist.	Morris Goldseker	June 1973
date of death	Alfred Zachariewicz (26 August 1871 -- 11 July 1937), was a Polish architect.	Alfred Zachariewicz	11 July 1937
date of death	Henrik Rohmann (4 August 1910, Bátaapáti -- 13 October 1978, Budapest) was a Hungarian harpist and harp teacher.	Henrik Rohmann	13 October 1978
date of death	Charles Kynard (20 February 1933--8 July 1979) was an American soul jazz/acid jazz organist born in St. Louis, Missouri.	Charles Kynard	8 July 1979
date of death	François Beaulieu II was a chief of the Yellowknife tribe (1771 -- November 1872).	François Beaulieu II	November 1872
date of death	Lieven Cruyl, or Lievin Cruyl (name variations: Levin Cruijl, Lievin Cruijl, Levin Cruyl, Livinus Cruylius, Cruylius Livinus) (1634, Ghent -- before 1720, Ghent) was a Flemish priest, architect, designer and engraver.	Lievin Cruyl	1720
date of death	George Brodrick, 3rd Viscount Midleton (3 October 1730 -- 22 August 1765) was a British nobleman.	George Brodrick, 3rd Viscount Midleton	22 August 1765
date of death	Lal Waterson (15 February 1943 -- 4 September 1998) was an English folksinger and songwriter.	Lal Waterson	4 September 1998
date of death	Bent Holtsmark (1823--1903) was a Norwegian agriculturalist and politician.	Bent Holtsmark	1903
date of death	David de Caires (31 December 1937 -- 1 November 2008) was a Guyanese solicitor.	David de Caires	1 November 2008
date of death	Richard Herron (1890 -- 1917) was an English footballer who played for Stoke.	Richard Herron	1917
date of death	Geoffrey Kerr (26 January 1895 -- 1 July 1971) was a British stage and film actor and writer, during the middle of the 20th century, part of a British family with a strong stage and theatre tradition spanning several generations.	Geoffrey Kerr	1 July 1971
date of death	Dame Penelope Jessel (2 January 1920--2 December 1996), DBE was a British Liberal Party politician.	Penelope Jessel	2 December 1996
date of death	Cormac Cruinn Ó Máille (died 1384) was an Irish noble.	Cormac Cruinn Ó Máille	1384
date of death	Janusz Aleksander Sanguszko (5 May 1712, Lubartów -- 14 September 1775, Dubno) was a magnate in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.	Janusz Aleksander Sanguszko	14 September 1775
date of death	John Phillip Boehm (1683--1749) was a school teacher and an early leader in the German Reformed Church (now the Reformed Church in the United States)	John Phillip Boehm	1749
date of death	Georg Nees (23 June 1926 -- 3 January 2016) was a German academic who was a pioneer of computer art and generative graphics.	Georg Nees	3 January 2016
date of death	Arthur Minasy (1925 -- 9 May 1994) was an American inventor.	Arthur Minasy	9 May 1994
date of death	Žarko Mihajlović (4 March 1920 -- 16 September 1986) was a Yugoslav football coach who managed BSK Beograd, FK Crvena Zvezda, OFK Beograd, PAOK, Fenerbahçe, Ethnikos Piraeus, Apollon Kalamarias, Doxa Dramas, Karşıyaka, Qadsia SC, and the Turkey national football team.	Žarko Mihajlović	16 September 1986
date of death	Henry Scott Riddell (23 September 1798 -- 1870) was a Scottish poet and songwriter.	Henry Scott Riddell	1870
date of death	Mary Rose Tully MPH IBCLC (29 July 1946 -- 20 January 2010) was an American lactation consultant, director of the Department of Lactation Services at the University of North Carolina's Women's Hospital, and an adjunct clinical instructor of pediatrics at the University of North Carolina's School of Medicine.	Mary Rose Tully	20 January 2010
date of death	Charlotte Sophia Burne (Shropshire, 1850--1923) was an English author and editor, and the first woman to become president of the Folklore Society.	Charlotte Sophia Burne	1923
date of death	Peter Herman Adler (2 December 1899, Gablonz an der Neiße, Bohemia -- 2 October 1990, Ridgefield, Connecticut) was an American conductor born in Austria--	Peter Herman Adler	2 October 1990
date of death	Åke Gerhard (Utansjö, Ångermanland, 26 March 1921 - 20 August 2009) was a Swedish songwriter.	Åke Gerhard	20 August 2009
date of death	Nito Alves (1945--1977) was an Angolan politician who served as the Interior Minister of Angola from independence, on November 11, 1975, until President Agostinho Neto abolished the position in October 1976.	Nito Alves	1977
date of death	Reşit Galip (Rhodes, 1893 -- Ankara, 5 March 1934) was a Turkish politician in the early years of the Turkish Republic.	Reşit Galip	5 March 1934
date of death	Tim Griek (Haarlem, 1944 -- Ursem, 13 February 1988) was a Dutch musician and producer.	Tim Griek	13 February 1988
date of death	Logan Hay (died 1942) was a prominent Illinois lawyer.	Logan Hay	1942
date of death	Nicholas Hayman (died 1606), of Totnes; later of Dartmouth, Devon, was an English merchant and politician.	Nicholas Hayman	1606
date of death	Esme Melville (born Esme Grace Mount-Melville, 23 July 1918 -- 14 September 2006) was an Australian theatre, television and film actress.	Esme Melville	14 September 2006
date of death	Baldassare Aloisi, or Baldassare Galanino (12 October 1578--1638), was an Italian history and portrait painter and engraver.	Baldassare Aloisi	1638
date of death	Zoltán Rónai (16 August 1880 - 17 May 1940) was a Hungarian politician and jurist, who served as People's Commissar of Justice in 1919 during the Hungarian Soviet Republic.	Zoltán Rónai	17 May 1940
date of death	Władysław Szuszkiewicz (12 November 1938 in Wilno -- 14 November 2007) was a Polish sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1960s to the early 1970s.	Władysław Szuszkiewicz	14 November 2007
date of death	Adam Lux (27 December 1765 -- 4 November 1793) was a German revolutionary and sympathiser of the French Revolution.	Adam Lux	4 November 1793
date of death	Bartolomeo Gosio (17 March 1863 - 13 April 1944) was an Italian medical scientist.	Bartolomeo Gosio	13 April 1944
date of death	Rosendo Ruiz Suárez (1 March 1885 -- 1 January 1983) was a Cuban singer, guitarist and composer, considered one of the founders of the trova.	Rosendo Ruiz	1 January 1983
date of death	Cathleen Nesbitt, CBE (24 November 1888 -- 2 August 1982) was a British actress of stage, film and television.	Cathleen Nesbitt	2 August 1982
date of death	Veene Sheshanna (Kannada: ವೀಣೆ ಶೇಷಣ್ಣ) (1852-1926) was an exponent of the Veena, an Indian string instrument, which he played in the classical Carnatic music style.	Veene Sheshanna	1926
date of death	Alexander Griggs (1838--1903) was an American steamboat captain.	Alexander Griggs	1903
date of death	John Ashburnham, 1st Baron Ashburnham (15 January 1656 -- 21 January 1710) was an English landowner and politician.	John Ashburnham, 1st Baron Ashburnham	21 January 1710
date of death	Robert Murray Keith (died 1774) was a British diplomat.	Robert Murray Keith	1774
date of death	Rev. William Ralph Churton, D.D. (1837--1897) was an Anglican churchman and author.	William Ralph Churton	1897
date of death	Gladys Thayer (also known as Gladys Thayer Reasoner) (1886-1945) was an American painter and teacher.	Gladys Thayer	1945
date of death	Filipe de Magalhães (ca. 1571--1652) was a Portuguese composer of sacred polyphony.	Filipe de Magalhães	1652
date of death	Kenneth Higgins (26 December 1919 - 22 January 2008) was a British cinematographer who worked on both television and film.	Kenneth Higgins	22 January 2008
date of death	Martin Travers (born Howard Martin Otho Travers, in Margate, Kent on 19 February 1886 -- died in London on 25 July 1948) was an English church artist and designer.	Martin Travers	1948
date of death	Ma Qianling (1824－1909) was a Chinese Muslim General who defected to the Qing Dynasty in 1872 during the Dungan revolt along with his superior General Ma Zhanao and General Ma Haiyan.	Ma Qianling	1909
date of death	Richard Leech (24 November 1922 -- 24 March 2004), born Richard Leeper McClelland, was an Irish actor.	Richard Leech	24 March 2004
date of death	George Williams Fulcher (1795--1855), was an English poet and miscellaneous writer.	George Williams Fulcher	1855
date of death	Albert Henry Ross (1881 -- 14 September 1950), (pseudonym Frank Morison), was an English advertising agent and freelance writer.	Albert Henry Ross	14 September 1950
date of death	Reginald Edward Enthoven CIE (1869--1952) was an administrator in the Indian Civil Service of the British Raj and an author of publications related to India, including the three volumes entitled The Tribes and Castes of Bombay that formed a part of the Ethnographic Survey of India.	Reginald Edward Enthoven	1952
date of death	Mary Borden (1886--1968) was an early 20th-century, Anglo-American novelist.	Mary Borden	1968
date of death	Sophia Dobson Collet (1 February 1822 -- 27 March 1894) was a 19th-century English feminist freethinker.	Sophia Dobson Collet	27 March 1894
date of death	Sir Donald Neil MacCormick, QC, FBA, FRSE (27 May 1941 -- 5 April 2009), was a Scottish legal philosopher and politician.	Neil MacCormick	5 April 2009
date of death	Médard Tytgat (1871--1948) was a Belgian painter, lithographer, book illustrator and poster artist known for portraits, nudes, and landscapes.	Médard Tytgat	1948
date of death	Arai Osui (新井奥邃) (1846--1922) was a prominent Japanese disciple of the 19th century cult leader, Thomas Lake Harris.	Arai Osui	1922
date of death	Leonard Frank Meares (13 February 1921 -- 4 February 1993) was an Australian writer of western fiction.	Leonard Frank Meares	4 February 1993
date of death	Anna Maria Rüttimann-Meyer von Schauensee (6 October 1772 in Luzern -- 19 August 1856) was a politically influential Swiss salonist during the Helvetian Republic.	Anna Maria Rüttimann-Meyer von Schauensee	19 August 1856
date of death	Pablo Pontons (1606--1670) was a Spanish painter of the Baroque period.	Pablo Pontons	1670
date of death	Judson Worthington Hastings, born on June 13, 1853 in Suffield, Connecticut and died in 1923, was a physician and public official.	Judson Worthington Hastings	1923
date of death	Daniel Soreau (c.1560 -- 28 March 1619) was a German Baroque still life painter.	Daniel Soreau	1619
date of death	Don Lane (13 November 1933 -- 22 October 2009), born as Morton Donald Isaacson, was a Gold Logie winning American-born talk show host and singer.	Don Lane	22 October 2009
date of death	Charles Émile Egli (known as Carlègle; 30 March 1877 - 11 January 1937) was a Swiss-born illustrator and painter who spent most of his life in Paris.	Charles Émile Egli	11 January 1937
date of death	Paul Gundani (1967 -- 3 November 2015) was a Zimbabwean professional football player.	Paul Gundani	3 November 2015
date of death	John Dollard (29 August 1900 -- 8 October 1980) was an American psychologist and social scientist best known for his studies on race relations in America and the frustration-aggression hypothesis he proposed with Neal E. Miller and others.	John Dollard	8 October 1980
date of death	Stephen G. Haines (1945--2012) was an American organizational theorist, management consultant, author of books on management and systems thinking.	Stephen G. Haines	2012
date of death	Bill McGuffie (11 December 1927 -- 22 March 1987) was a pianist who went on to become a film composer and conductor.	Bill McGuffie	22 March 1987
date of death	Anne of Bavaria (or of the Palatinate; Czech: Anna Falcká; 26 September 1329 -- 2 February 1353) was a queen consort of Bohemia.	Anne of Bavaria	2 February 1353
date of death	Yaşar Doğu (1913 - 8 January 1961), was a renowned Turkish World and Olympic champion sports wrestler in Greco-Roman and Freestyle.	Yaşar Doğu	8 January 1961
date of death	William B. Snow (San Francisco, 16 May 1903 - 5 October 1968) was a sound engineer.	William B. Snow	5 October 1968
date of death	Christophe Butkens (1590--1650) was a Cistercian abbot from Antwerp, historian and genealogist.	Christophe Butkens	1650
date of death	William L. Grout (1833--1908) was an U. S. industrialist and pioneer manufacturer of sewing machines and automobiles.	William L. Grout	1908
date of death	Helmuth von Pannwitz (14 October 1898 -- 16 January 1947) was a German general who distinguished himself as a cavalry officer during the First and the Second World Wars.	Helmuth von Pannwitz	16 January 1947
date of death	Daniel Silvan Evans (11 January 1818 -- 12 April 1903) was a Welsh scholar and lexicographer.	Daniel Silvan Evans	12 April 1903
date of death	Roop Nath Singh Yadav died on 13 February 2001 at Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh at the age of 83.	Roop Nath Singh Yadav	13 February 2001
date of death	Dr. Joseph Stayman was born in 1817 and died in 1903.	Joseph Stayman	1903
date of death	Gottfried Finger (ca. 1655-6 -- buried 31 August 1730), also Godfrey Finger, was a Moravian Baroque composer.	Gottfried Finger	August 1730
date of death	Luis MacGregor Cevallos (1887--1965) was a Mexican architect as well as an author of book on Colonial Mexican architecture.	Luis MacGregor Cevallos	1965
date of death	Estefanía Ramírez (died 1183), daughter of Count Ramiro Fróilaz, was the wife of Count Ponce de Minerva.	Estefanía Ramírez	1183
date of death	R. Stanton Avery (13 January 1907 -- 12 December 1997) was an inventor, most known for creating self-adhesive labels (modern stickers).	R. Stanton Avery	12 December 1997
date of death	Ímar Ua Ruaidín, Bishop of Kilmacduagh, died 1176.	Ímar Ua Ruaidín	1176
date of death	Postumus the Younger would have been killed together with his father in 268, during the rebellion of Laelianus (called Lollianus in the Historia).	Postumus the Younger	268
date of death	Gordon McKeag (1928 -- 29 September 2005) was an English solicitor and former chairman of Newcastle United.	Gordon McKeag	29 September 2005
date of death	Frederick E. Turnage (1936-2011) is the former mayor of Rocky Mount, North Carolina.	Frederick E. Turnage	2011
date of death	Daniel le Pelley, 12th Seigneur of Sark (died 1752) was Seigneur of Sark from 1742 to 1752.	Daniel le Pelley	1752
date of death	Edward Rowe Mores, FSA (/ˈmɒrɪs/; 24 January 1731 (OS: 13 January 1730) -- 22 November 1778) was an English antiquarian and scholar, with works on history and typography.	Edward Rowe Mores	22 November 1778
date of death	James Pigott Pritchett (14 October 1789 -- 23 May 1868) was an architect of London and York whose practice stretched from Lincolnshire to the Scottish borders.	James Pigott Pritchett	1868
date of death	Leonard Clarke Webster (1870--26 September 1942) was a botanical collector in Australia.	Leonard Clarke Webster	1942
date of death	George Szekeres AM (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈsɛkɛrɛʃ); 29 May 1911 -- 28 August 2005) was a Hungarian--	George Szekeres	28 August 2005
date of death	Thomas Tufton, 6th Earl of Thanet, 18th Baron de Clifford PC (30 August 1644 -- 30 July 1729) was an English nobleman and politician.	Thomas Tufton, 6th Earl of Thanet	30 July 1729
date of death	Matthys Cock or Matthijs Wellens de Cock (c. 1505 -- 1548) was a Flemish landscape painter and draughtsman.	Matthys Cock	1548
date of death	Andreas Kneller (variants: Kniller, Knöller, Knüller) (23 April 1649 -- 24 August 1724) was a German composer and organist of the North German school.	Andreas Kneller	24 August 1724
date of death	Bruno Dallansky (19 September 1928 -- 5 August 2008) was an Austrian actor who was best known for his roles on television and stage.	Bruno Dallansky	5 August 2008
date of death	Jerzy Adam Brandhuber (23 October 1897 -- 19 June 1981) was a Polish painter and a survivor of the Auschwitz concentration camp.	Jerzy Adam Brandhuber	19 June 1981
date of death	George Levis (November 22, 1894 -- October 1980) was an American college basketball player and coach during the 1910s and 1920s, respectively.	George Levis	October 1980
date of death	Ferdinand Tobias Richter (22 July 1651 -- 3 November 1711) was an Austrian Baroque composer and organist.	Ferdinand Tobias Richter	3 November 1711
date of death	Doctor Pellegrino Matteucci (12 October 1850 -- 8 August 1881) was an Italian explorer known for his expeditions to Africa.	Pellegrino Matteucci	8 August 1881
date of death	Nikos Tsiforos (Greek: Νίκος Τσιφόρος; 1912 -- 6 August 1970) was a Greek screenwriter and film director.	Nikos Tsiforos	6 August 1970
date of death	David Lindsay, 2nd Lord Lindsay of the Byres (died 1490) was a Scottish lord of parliament and supporter of King James III of Scotland.	David Lindsay, 2nd Lord Lindsay	1490
date of death	Timothy Armitage (died 1655), was in the year 1647 ``chosen pastor of the first independent (or congregational) church in the city of Norwich''.	Timothy Armitage	1655
date of death	Arthur Holbrook Wellman (October 30, 1855 -- 1948) was a member of the Massachusetts General Court and a professor at Boston University School of Law.	Arthur Holbrook Wellman	1948
date of death	Magdalen Dacre, Viscountess Montagu (January 1538 -- 8 April 1608) was an English noblewoman.	Magdalen Dacre	8 April 1608
date of death	Ephraim Douglass Adams (December 18, 1865 in Decorah, Iowa -- September 1, 1930 in Stanford, California) was an American educator and historian, regarded as an expert on the American Civil War and British-American relations.	Ephraim Douglass Adams	1930
date of death	William Robertson Coe II (28 November 1926 -- 23 November 2009) was an American academic, archaeologist and Mayanist scholar, renowned for his extensive field work and publications on pre-Columbian Maya civilization sites.	William Robertson Coe II	23 November 2009
date of death	John G. Nichols (1812 -- 1898) was a businessman, builder, and politician.	John G. Nichols	1898
date of death	Hugh May (1621 -- 21 February 1684) was an English architect in the period after the Restoration of King Charles II. He worked in the era which fell between the first introduction of Palladianism into England by Inigo Jones, and the full flowering of English Baroque under John Vanbrugh and Nicholas Hawksmoor.	Hugh May	21 February 1684
date of death	Piotr Baryka (1600--1675), was a seventeenth-century Polish soldier and writer, most probably of burgher origin, of whom very little is known.	Piotr Baryka	1675
date of death	Glenn Cannon (21 November 1932 - 20 April 2013) was a Hawaii-based actor and educator best known for his roles on Hawaii Five-O and Magnum, P.I. He also appeared on Lost in a pair of different roles.	Glenn Cannon	20 April 2013
date of death	Giuseppe Loretz (Milan, 4 March 1860 -- Rubbiano, 15 January 1944) was an Italian cyclist.	Giuseppe Loretz	15 January 1944
date of death	Robbie Benoit (?--2007) was a Canadian poet and writer.	Robbie Benoit	2007
date of death	Robin Warwick Gibson OBE (3 May 1944 -- 9 August 2010) was a British gallery curator and art historian best known for his work at the National Portrait Gallery in London between 1968 and 2001, including eight years as Chief Curator.	Robin Warwick Gibson	9 August 2010
date of death	Sukumar Bose (Bengali: সুকুমার বসু, Hindi: सुकुमार बोसे) (12 May 1912 -- 10 November 1986) was a notable Indian artist based in Delhi who was trained in the tradition of the Bengal School under Asit Kumar Haldar.	Sukumar Bose	10 November 1986
date of death	Fred MacDonald (1895--1968), was an Australian actor best known for playing Dave Rudd opposite Bert Bailey on stage and screen, starting with the original 1912 production of On Our Selection.	Fred MacDonald	1968
date of death	Sir Alan Herries Wilson (2 July 1906 -- 30 September 1995), was a British mathematician and industrialist.	Alan Herries Wilson	30 September 1995
date of death	Jeff Mayo (7 October 1921, London -- 17 April 1998, Barnstaple) was an English astrologer and astrology teacher/writer.	Jeff Mayo	17 April 1998
date of death	Rowland Plumbe, also known as Roland Plumbe (2 February 1838, Whitechapel -- 2 April 1919, Willesden), was an English architect, famous for being the author of many residential schemes across London, many being considered the first examples of the Victorian Garden City.	Rowland Plumbe	2 April 1919
date of death	Sam Hanna Bell (1909 -- 1990) was a novelist, short story writer, playwright, and broadcaster who lived in Northern Ireland.	Sam Hanna Bell	1990
date of death	He Yizhen (1910-2008) was a physicist in China.	He Yizhen	2008
date of death	Liang Na (Chinese: 梁妠; 116--150), formally Empress Shunlie (順烈皇后, literally ``the kind and achieving empress''), was an empress during the Han Dynasty.	Liang Na	150
date of death	Mrs Anne Virginia Sharpe Patterson (September 1841, Delaware, Ohio -- 1913) was an American author, who also wrote under the pseudonym Garry Gaines.	Virginia Sharpe Patterson	1913
date of death	Petrus Vulcanius otherwise Pieter De Smet (born c. 1503--1571) was a humanist scholar and local government official of Bruges.	Petrus Vulcanius	1571
date of death	Sir William Randolph Douglas, KCMG, PC (24 September 1921 -- 12 August 2003) was a Chief Justice of Barbados (1965--1986).	William Randolph Douglas	2003
date of death	Neville Hamilton (19 April 1960 -- 9 February 2009) was an English footballer and coach.	Neville Hamilton	9 February 2009
date of death	Bayram Pasha (died 26 August 1638) was an Ottoman grand vizier from 1637 to 1638 and the Ottoman governor of Egypt from 1626 to 1628.	Bayram Pasha	26 August 1638
date of death	John Flaxman R.A. (6 July 1755 -- 7 December 1826) was a British sculptor and draughtsman, and a leading figure in British and European Neoclassicism.	John Flaxman	7 December 1826
date of death	Frank Wayman (30 December 1931 − 7 February 2008) was an English footballer.	Frank Wayman	7 February 2008
date of death	Canon Roger Bradshaigh Lloyd (1901 - 1966), was an influential Anglican priest and wide-ranging writer in the immediate context of the Second World War and the mid-twentieth century.	Roger Bradshaigh Lloyd	1966
date of death	Carl Heinrich (1880 New York City -- 1955) was an American entomologist.	Carl Heinrich	1955
date of death	William Thomas Shave Daniel (1806--1891) was vice-chairman of the Incorporated Council of Law Reporting.	William Thomas Shave Daniel	1891
date of death	Ada Boni, née Giaquinto, (1881 -- 1973) was an Italian magazine editor, food writer and book author.	Ada Boni	1973
date of death	Gopal Mittal was 87 years old when he died in Delhi on 15 April 1993.	Gopal Mittal	15 April 1993
date of death	Iztok Puc (14 September 1966 -- 20 October 2011) was a Slovenian handball player, who was one of the world's top players of the 1980s and 1990s.	Iztok Puc	20 October 2011
date of death	Samuel Alexander Stewart (1826, Philadelphia -- 1910) was an American Irish botanist and geologist.	Samuel Alexander Stewart	1910
date of death	Major General Ronald Dare Wilson, CBE, MC (3 August 1919 - 15 August 2014) was a senior British Army officer, author, and park warden.	Dare Wilson	15 August 2014
date of death	Padre Placido Puccinelli (1609--1685) was a Cassinese monk, historian and scholar.	Placido Puccinelli	1685
date of death	Charles Mordaunt, 4th Earl of Peterborough, 2nd Earl of Monmouth (1708 -- 1 August 1779) was a British peer and Member of Parliament, styled Viscount Mordaunt from 1710 to 1735.	Charles Mordaunt, 4th Earl of Peterborough	1 August 1779
date of death	Bajo Topulli (1868--1930) was an Albanian nationalist figure of the Albanian National Awakening.	Bajo Topulli	1930
date of death	Stan Moon (8 January 1927 -- 3 August 2012) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Stan Moon	3 August 2012
date of death	Ibrahim Nooraddeen (Dhivehi: ސުލްޠާން އިބްރާހީމް ނުރައްދީން; died 1892) was the sultan of the Maldives first in 1882 to 1886.	Ibrahim Nooraddeen	1892
date of death	Raziya al-Din (1205 in Budaun -- October 13, 1240), throne name Jalâlat ud-Dîn Raziyâ, usually referred to in history as Razia Sultana, was the Sultan of Delhi in India from 1236 to May 1240.	Razia Sultana	1240
date of death	Adolf III of Schauenburg (German: Adolf von Schaumburg) (1511--1556) was the Archbishop-Elector of Cologne from 1547 to 1556.	Adolf III of Schauenburg	1556
date of death	Sophie of Brandenburg (6 June 1568 -- 7 December 1622) was a Princess of Brandenburg and by marriage Electress of Saxony.	Sophie of Brandenburg	7 December 1622
date of death	Count József Zichy de Zich et Vásonkeő (13 November 1841 -- 11 November 1924) was a Hungarian politician, who served as Minister of Agriculture, Industry and Trade between 1872 and 1874 and as Minister of Public Works and Transport from 1873 to 1875.	József Zichy	11 November 1924
date of death	Zoé-Laure de Chatillon, née Delaune (1826 -- 1908) was a French painter.	Zoé-Laure de Chatillon	1908
date of death	Fedor Dragojlov (born in 1881- died 1961 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) was a colonel-general in the Croatian Home Guard, as well as its chief-of-staff from 1943 to 1944.	Fedor Dragojlov	1961
date of death	Martín Carrera Sabat (20 December 1806 -- 22 April 1871) was a Mexican general and interim president of the country for about a month in 1855.	Martín Carrera	22 April 1871
date of death	Angela Brazil (pronounced ``brazzle'') (30 November 1868 -- 13 March 1947) was one of the first British writers of ``modern schoolgirls' stories'', written from the characters' point of view and intended primarily as entertainment rather than moral instruction.	Angela Brazil	13 March 1947
date of death	Ferenc Keresztes-Fischer (18 February 1881 -- 3 March 1948) was a lawyer and a Hungarian politician.	Ferenc Keresztes-Fischer	3 March 1948
date of death	Mojżesz David Kirszbraun (1903 or 1904--1942) was a Polish mathematician, mostly known for the Kirszbraun theorem on extensions of Lipschitz maps.	Mojżesz David Kirszbraun	1942
date of death	He Zhiqiang (Chinese: 和志强) (1934--2007) was a People's Republic of China politician.	He Zhiqiang	2007
date of death	Georg, Prince of Schaumburg-Lippe (10 October 1846 -- 29 April 1911) was a ruler of the small Principality of Schaumburg-Lippe.	Georg, Prince of Schaumburg-Lippe	29 April 1911
date of death	Adalbert Deșu (Hungarian: Béla Dezső, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈbeːlɒ ˈdɛʒøː); 24 March 1909 -- 6 June 1937) was a Romanian football striker.	Adalbert Deșu	6 June 1937
date of death	Askia Daoud (also Askia Dawud) was ruler of the Songhai Empire from 1549 to 1582.	Askia Daoud	1582
date of death	(Karl Albert) Bertel Thorvaldsen (Danish pronunciation: (ˌbɛɐ̯dl̩ ˈtɔɐ̯vælˀsn̩); ca. 1770 -- 24 March 1844) was a Danish sculptor of international fame, who spent most of his life (1789--1838) in Italy.	Bertel Thorvaldsen	24 March 1844
date of death	Donald Forbes (1935 -- 12 April 2008) was a Scottish convicted murderer.	Donald Forbes	12 April 2008
date of death	Eliza Davis Aria (1866--1931) was an English fashion writer and gossip columnist known as ``Mrs Aria''.	Eliza Davis	1931
date of death	Dr. Alfred Edgar Wigg (2 February 1857 -- 1 May 1914) was a prominent South Australian medical practitioner born in North Adelaide.	Alfred Edgar Wigg	1 May 1914
date of death	Catharinus Elling (born 13 September 1858 in Kristiana, died 8 January 1942 in Oslo) was a Norwegian music teacher, organist, folk music collector and composer.	Catharinus Elling	8 January 1942
date of death	Cecilia Costello (née Kelly, 24 October 1884--20 April 1976) was an English traditional singer whose repertoire of folk songs was recorded by folk music scholars in the 1950s and 1960s.	Cecilia Costello	20 April 1976
date of death	Rabbi Shimon Gershon Rosenberg, ( שמעון גרשון רוזנברג ) (13 November 1949 - 11 June 2007), known by the acronym הרב שג``ר HaRav Shagar, was a Torah scholar and a religious postmodern thinker.	Shimon Gershon Rosenberg	11 June 2007
date of death	Claire Dan AM OBE (1919 or 1920 -- 22 October 2012) was a Hungarian-Australian actress and philanthropist, best known for founding the Sydney International Piano Competition in 1977.	Claire Dan	22 October 2012
date of death	Baby John (1917 -- 27 January 2008) was a senior leader of the Kerala Revolutionary Socialist Party (Baby John).	Baby John	27 January 2008
date of death	Walter Lindley (1852--1922) was a medical doctor in Los Angeles, California, in the 19th and 20th centuries who was known for his charitable and civic works and for founding or overseeing the development of early medical and educational institutions in Southern California.	Walter Lindley	1922
date of death	Ida G. Athens (23 February 1882 -- 4 November 1977) was the author of a collection of poetry titled Brethren.	Ida G. Athens	4 November 1977
date of death	William Heap Bailey (28 February 1847 -- 1 February 1926) was an amateur athlete who played for Scotland in the second unofficial football match against England in November 1870.	William Heap Bailey	1 February 1926
date of death	Harvey Gibson (9 April 1886 -- 7 September 1940) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Harvey Gibson	7 September 1940
date of death	Max Gunther (1927--1998) was an Anglo-American journalist and writer.	Max Gunther	1998
date of death	Ellis Wright (July 1873 − 1940) was an English footballer playing at the turn of the 19th century.	Ellis Wright	1940
date of death	Mihkel Mathiesen (27 October 1918 -- 28 November 2003) was an Estonian statesman.	Mihkel Mathiesen	28 November 2003
date of death	Constantin Stamati-Ciurea (4 May 1828 Chişinău -- 22 February 1898) was a Romanian writer and translator from Bessarabia.	Constantin Stamati-Ciurea	22 February 1898
date of death	Ahmed Abdalla Rozza (1 January 1950--6 June 2006) was an Egyptian political scientist and political activist.	Ahmed Abdalla Rozza	6 June 2006
date of death	Jeanne-Marie Ruth-Rolland (née Rolland) (17 June 1937 -- 4 June 1995) was a Central African politician, social worker and teacher.	Jeanne-Marie Ruth-Rolland	4 June 1995
date of death	Nikolai Pavlovich (Bulgarian: Николай Павлович; 9 December 1835, Svishtov -- 13 February 1894, Sofia) was a Bulgarian Nationalist painter, lithographer and illustrator.	Nikolai Pavlovich	13 February 1894
date of death	Frank Baumgartl (29 May 1955 -- 26 August 2010) was an East German track and field athlete, who specialized in the 3000 meters steeplechase.	Frank Baumgartl	26 August 2010
date of death	Hilde Spiel (19 October 1911 -- 30 November 1990) (pseudonyms: Grace Hanshaw and Jean Lenoir) was an Austrian writer and journalist who received numerous awards and honours.	Hilde Spiel	30 November 1990
date of death	Manuel Palafox (born Puebla, 1886--1959) was a Mexican politician, soldier and intellectual.	Manuel Palafox	1959
date of death	Thomas Dacre, 6th Baron Dacre of Gilsland (27 October 1387 -- 5 January 1458), was born at Naworth Castle, Cumberland, on 27 October 1387, the son of William Dacre, 5th Baron Dacre of Gilsland, by Joan Douglas, the illegitimate daughter of Sir William Douglas, 1st Earl of Douglas.	Thomas Dacre, 6th Baron Dacre	5 January 1458
date of death	Duncan McNeill, 1st Baron Colonsay FRSE (20 August 1793 -- 31 January 1874) was a Scottish advocate, judge and Tory politician.	Duncan McNeill, 1st Baron Colonsay	31 January 1874
date of death	Liu Ruming, Liu Ju-ming, 刘汝明, (1895--1975) Chinese general during the Warlord Era, Second Sino-Japanese War and Chinese Civil War.	Liu Ruming	1975
date of death	Giacomo Albertolli (1761 -- June 6, 1805) was a Swiss-born architect who was active in Italy during the Neoclassical period.	Giacomo Albertolli	1805
date of death	Margareta Stafhell, also called Staffhell, Stafell and Staffhell-Åkerman, (1720-1762), was a Swedish Chalcography artist.	Margareta Stafhell	1762
date of death	Victor Mees (26 January 1927 -- 11 November 2012), nicknamed Vic or Vicky, was a Belgian footballer who played all of his career at Royal Antwerp.	Victor Mees	11 November 2012
date of death	James Scott Skinner (5 August 1843 -- 17 March 1927) was a Scottish dancing master, violinist, fiddler, and composer.	James Scott Skinner	17 March 1927
date of death	Prof. Dr. Walter Schleger (19 September 1929 -- 3 December 1999) was an Austrian football player.	Walter Schleger	3 December 1999
date of death	Egil Oddvar Larsen (23 September 1923 - 17 October 2009) was Norwegian politician for the Labour Party.	Egil Oddvar Larsen	17 October 2009
date of death	Thomas Cromwell Corner (1865--1938) was a noted portrait artist from Baltimore, Maryland, USA and founding member of the Baltimore Museum of Art.	Thomas Cromwell Corner	1938
date of death	Prince Jerzy Zbaraski (Polish: Jerzy Zbaraski, Ukrainian: Юрій Збаразький, b. 1574, d. 12 July 1631 in Kraków) was a Polish--	Jerzy Zbaraski	1631
date of death	Denis Dunlop (1892-1959) was a sculptor working throughout England during the first half of the 20th century.	Denis Dunlop	1959
date of death	Hercules Linton (1 January 1837 - 15 May 1900) was a Scottish surveyor, designer, shipbuilder, antiquarian and local councillor, best known as the designer of the Cutty Sark and partner in the yard of Scott and Linton which built her.	Hercules Linton	15 May 1900
date of death	John P. Cohalan (March 17, 1873 Brooklyn, Kings County, New York -- 1950) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.	John P. Cohalan	1950
date of death	Charles Theodore Barclay (17 July 1867 -- 30 March 1921) was an English rower who won the Silver Goblets at Henley Royal Regatta.	Charles Theodore Barclay	30 March 1921
date of death	Tom Mulligan (1977 - 27 August 2007) is a former Gaelic footballer for Dublin.	Tom Mulligan	27 August 2007
date of death	Anthony Lancelot Dias, also known as A. L. Dias (13 March 1910 -- 22 September 2002), was an Indian Civil Service officer from the Maharashtra cadre.	Anthony Lancelot Dias	22 September 2002
date of death	Francisco António de Araújo e Azevedo (21 December 1772; Angra - 4 April 1821) was a Portuguese military officer and colonial administrator.	Francisco António de Araújo e Azevedo	4 April 1821
date of death	Heinrich von Plötzke (c. 1264 in Płock, Masovia, Poland -- 27 July 1320 in Medininkai, Lithuania) was an officer of the Teutonic Order during the late 13th and early 14th centuries.	Heinrich von Plötzke	27 July 1320
date of death	Johann Baptist Pflug (13 February 1785, Biberach an der Riß - 30 May 1866, Biberach an der Riß) was a German genre painter.	Johann Baptist Pflug	30 May 1866
date of death	Yvan Delporte (24 June 1928 -- 5 March 2007) was a Belgian comics writer, and was editor-in-chief of Spirou magazine between 1955 and 1968 during a period considered by many the golden age of Franco-Belgian comics.	Yvan Delporte	5 March 2007
date of death	Rolland Fairley (7 December 1904 -- 10 June 1930) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne and Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Rolland Fairley	10 June 1930
date of death	John William Weidemeyer (b. in Fredericksburg, Virginia, 26 April 1819; d. 1896) was an author and entomologist.	John William Weidemeyer	1896
date of death	Aodh Buidhe Mac an Bhaird, O.F.M. (aka Aedh Buidh Mac an Bhaird or Hugh Ward; c.1593 -- 8 November 1635), was an Irish Franciscan friar who was a noted poet, historian and hagiographer.	Aodh Buidhe Mac an Bhaird	8 November 1635
date of death	Major-General Sir Henry Wheatley, 1st Baronet CB, GCH (1777 -- 21 March 1852), was the Keeper of the Privy Purse for King William the Fourth and Queen Victoria from 1830 to 1846.	Henry Wheatley	21 March 1852
date of death	Julius Tannen (16 May 1880 -- 3 January 1965) was a comedian -- or monologist, as those of his era were known -- who had a long and successful career in vaudeville.	Julius Tannen	3 January 1965
date of death	Johannes of Jerusalem (1042--1119), born Jehan de Vezelay, was the abbot of the monastery at Vézelay, France.	Johannes of Jerusalem	1119
date of death	The Venerable Canon Brough Maltby (29 September 1826 -- 30 March 1894) was Archdeacon of Nottingham.	Brough Maltby	30 March 1894
date of death	Richard Bullock Andrews (11 May 1823 -- 26 June 1884), commonly referred to as ``Mr. Justice Andrews'', was an Australian politician and judge.	Richard Bullock Andrews	26 June 1884
date of death	Charles Vacher (1818--1883) was a British painter in watercolours.	Charles Vacher	1883
date of death	Chester Williams Rice (December 16, 1888 -- 1951) was an electrical engineer, who was the joint inventor in 1925 of the moving coil loudspeaker along with Edward W. Kellogg.	Chester Williams Rice	1951
date of death	Gabriel Acquin (c. 1811 -- 2 October 1901) was known by a variety of names;	Gabriel Acquin	2 October 1901
date of death	Ernest Hinton (16 March 1946 -- 18 November 1999) was a British civil engineer and engineering professor.	Ernest Hinton	1999
date of death	Aubrey Brabazon (7 January 1920 - 30 September, 1996) was a horse racing jockey born in The Curragh, Ireland.	Aubrey Brabazon	30 September, 1996
date of death	Cornelius Berenberg (1634 -- 1711) was a Hamburg grand burgher, merchant banker, a member of the Berenberg family, and owner of Berenberg Bank.	Cornelius Berenberg	1711
date of death	Vito D'Anna (14 October 1718 -- 13 October 1769) was an Italian painter, considered the most prominent painter of Palermitan rococo and one of the most important artists of Sicily.	Vito D'Anna	13 October 1769
date of death	Harold de Andrado (30 December 1927 -- 5 November 2004) was a Sri Lankan cricket writer and journalist.	Harold de Andrado	5 November 2004
date of death	Dirk Willem van Krevelen (8 November 1914, Rotterdam -- 27 October 2001, Arnhem) was a prominent Dutch chemical engineer, coal and polymer scientist.	Dirk Willem van Krevelen	27 October 2001
date of death	Thomas Darcy, 1st Earl Rivers (c.1565 - 25 February 1640) was an English peer and courtier.	Thomas Darcy, 1st Earl Rivers	1640
date of death	K. N. Ezhuthachan (21 May 1911 -- 28 October 1981) was an Indian writer and scholar of Malayalam literature.	K. N. Ezhuthachan	28 October 1981
date of death	Billie Ritchie (14 September 1878 -- 6 July 1921) was a Scottish comedian who first gained transatlantic fame as a performer for British music hall producer Fred Karno--this, a full decade before Stan Laurel and Charlie Chaplin took a similar career path.	Billie Ritchie	6 July 1921
date of death	Walter Blandford (1616 in Melbury Abbas, Dorset, England -- 1675) was an English academic and bishop.	Walter Blandford	1675
date of death	Edward Ward, 9th Baron Dudley and 4th Baron Ward (16 June 1704 -- 6 September 1731) was the only son of Edward Ward, 8th Baron Dudley and 3rd Baron Ward and his wife Diana daughter and heiress of Thomas Howard of Ashtead, Surrey.	Edward Ward, 9th Baron Dudley	6 September 1731
date of death	Marian Bowley (1911--2002) was an economist and historian of economic thought.	Marian Bowley	2002
date of death	Josef Kuchynka (4 August 1894 -- 9 January 1979) was a Czechoslovak football manager and former player of German ethnicity.	Josef Kuchynka	9 January 1979
date of death	Hippocrates of Chios (Greek: Ἱπποκράτης ὁ Χῖος) was an ancient Greek mathematician, geometer, and astronomer, who lived c. 470 -- c. 410 BCE.	Hippocrates of Chios	410 BCE
date of death	Murakuni Oyori (村国男依) (died 676) was a military commander of ancient Japan, who fought in the Jinshin War as a servant of Prince Ō-ama.	Murakuni Oyori	676
date of death	Peter Woulfe (1727 -- 1803) was an Irish chemist and mineralogist.	Peter Woulfe	1803
date of death	Natalia Tułasiewicz (9 April 1906 -- 31 March 1945) was a teacher in Poznań, Poland and a leader in the Catholic lay apostolate.	Natalia Tułasiewicz	31 March 1945
date of death	John Scougal (1645--1730) was a Scottish painter.	John Scougal	1730
date of death	Birger Ekstedt, (1921-1972), was a Swedish politician (Christian democrat) and a priest.	Birger Ekstedt	1972
date of death	Hans Haslum (8 November 1789 -- 5 July 1875) was a Norwegian farmer and elected official.	Hans Haslum	1875
date of death	Syed Hammad Raza Shaheed (9 January 1970 -- 14 May 2007), Additional Registrar, Supreme Court of Pakistan, was a civil servant belonging to the elite District Management Group of Central Superior Services of Pakistan.	Syed Hammad Raza	14 May 2007
date of death	John Renbourn (8 August 1944 -- 26 March 2015) was an English guitarist and songwriter.	John Renbourn	26 March 2015
date of death	Paul of Samosata (lived from 200 to 275 AD) was Bishop of Antioch from 260 to 268.	Paul of Samosata	275
date of death	Anne d'Escars de Givry (29 March 1546 -- 19 April 1612) was a French Benedictine churchman, supporter of the Ligue, and Cardinal.	Anne d'Escars de Givry	19 April 1612
date of death	Phil Furlong (18 February 1893 -- 27 November 1930) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Phil Furlong	27 November 1930
date of death	Joseph Alcide Simard (25 October 1907 -- 21 December 1984) was a Ralliement créditiste member of the Canadian House of Commons.	Alcide Simard	21 December 1984
date of death	Hoàng Tích Chù (Từ Sơn; 1912 in Bắc Ninh -- 20 October 2003) was a Vietnamese painter.	Hoàng Tích Chù	20 October 2003
date of death	Muirgus mac Domnaill (died 985) was 35th King of Uí Maine.	Muirgus mac Domnaill	985
date of death	Thorleif Haug (28 September 1894 -- 12 December 1934) was a Norwegian skier who competed in nordic combined and cross-country.	Thorleif Haug	12 December 1934
date of death	Robert William Rankin (3 June 1907 -- 4 March 1942) was a Royal Australian Navy officer who was killed in action during the Second World War.	Robert William Rankin	4 March 1942
date of death	Saint Juvenal of Benevento (died 132 AD) is a 2nd-century saint honored in Narni, Italy.	Juvenal of Benevento	132
date of death	Jonas Virakas (5 September 1905 -- 30 April 1988) was born in the town of Seredžius in the Kaunas district.	Jonas Virakas	30 April 1988
date of death	Thomas Grey, 2nd Earl of Stamford PC (c. 1654 -- 31 January 1720) was a British peer and politician.	Thomas Grey, 2nd Earl of Stamford	1720
date of death	Baron Sándor Hatvany-Deutsch (1852, Arad - 1913, Budapest) was a leading Hungarian industrialist and art patron.	Sándor Hatvany-Deutsch	1913
date of death	Jordan Óge de Exeter (fl. 1269--1319) was an Anglo-Irish knight and Sheriff of Connacht.	Jordan Óge de Exeter	1319
date of death	Cliff Bruner (né Clifton Lafayette Bruner; 25 April 1915 -- 25 August 2000) was a fiddler and bandleader of the Western Swing era of the 1930s.	Cliff Bruner	25 August 2000
date of death	Eino Viljami Panula (10 March 1911 -- 15 April 1912) was a young Finnish boy who died during the sinking of the RMS Titanic.	Eino Viljami Panula	15 April 1912
date of death	El-Hadji Malick Sy (Fula: Allaaji Maalig Si, 1855--1922) was a Senegalese religious leader and teacher in the Tijaniyya Sufi malikite and ash'arite brotherhood.	Malick Sy	1922
date of death	Rupert I of Legnica (Polish: Ruprecht I Legnicki) (27 March 1347 -- by 12 January 1409) was a Duke of Legnica since 1364 until his death, and also regent over half of the Duchy of Głogów-Żagań during 1397--1401.	Rupert I of Legnica	12 January 1409
date of death	Catherine Seaton Skirving (Ewart), (10 March 1818 -- 7 May 1897), was a noted Canadian philanthropist and volunteer.	Catherine Seaton Skirving	7 May 1897
date of death	Ernest Ewart Unwin (13 July 1881 -- 20 September 1944) was an Australian Quaker educationist.	Ernest Ewart Unwin	20 September 1944
date of death	Raj Rajeshwari Devi (died 5 May 1806), was a Queen consort and twice regent of Nepal.	Raj Rajeshwari Devi	5 May 1806
date of death	David Douglas, 7th Earl of Angus (c. 1515-1558) was a Scottish nobleman.	David Douglas, 7th Earl of Angus	1558
date of death	James Gerrard Lennon (1907--February 1976), known as Gerry Lennon, was a solicitor and Irish nationalist politician.	Gerry Lennon	1976
date of death	Sir William O'Brien Lindsay KBE (8 October 1909 -- 20 October 1975) was the Chief Justice of the Sudan from 1954 to 1955, during the period when it was administered as an Anglo-Egyptian condominium.	William O'Brien Lindsay	20 October 1975
date of death	Mohammed al-Rudani (Abu Abdallah Muhammad ibn Sulayman (Muhammad) al-Fasi ibn Tahir al-Rudani al-Susī al-Maliki al-Maghribi ) (born ca. 1627, died 1683) was an astronomer born in Taroudannt, Morocco.	Mohammed al-Rudani	1683
date of death	Colonel Richard Meinertzhagen, CBE, DSO (3 March 1878 -- 17 June 1967) was a British soldier, intelligence officer and ornithologist.	Richard Meinertzhagen	17 June 1967
date of death	Jon Tvedt (29 June 1966 -- 11 January 2009) was a Norwegian orienteering competitor and athlete who specialized in mountain running.	Jon Tvedt	11 January 2009
date of death	Bert Lithgow (19 March 1881 -- 22 April 1951) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Bert Lithgow	22 April 1951
date of death	Hymie Jacobson, also known as Hy Jacobson (1895--1952), was an American Jewish actor and composer in Yiddish vaudeville, films and theater.	Hymie Jacobson	1952
date of death	Sydney Sipho Sepamla (1932 - 9 January 2007) was a contemporary South African poet and novelist.	Sipho Sepamla	9 January 2007
date of death	Datu Magat Salamat (1550--1595) was one of the four sons of Lakan Dula.	Magat Salamat	1595
date of death	William Macarmick (baptised 15 September 1742 -- 20 August 1815) was Lieutenant-Governor of Cape Breton and a MP.	William Macarmick	20 August 1815
date of death	Philip Mackie (26 November 1918 -- 23 December 1985) was a British film and television screenwriter.	Philip Mackie	23 December 1985
date of death	Falcon Stuart (27 March 1941 -- 27 February 2002) was a British photographer, retailer, filmmaker, and music producer associated with X-Ray Spex, Adam and the Ants, and Danielle Dax amongst others.	Falcon Stuart	27 February 2002
date of death	Niels Andreas Vibe (2 July 1759 -- 9 September 1814) was a Norwegian military officer and civil and royal servant.	Niels Andreas Vibe	9 September 1814
date of death	Jacques-Nicolas Tardieu, called ``Tardieu fils'' or ``Tardieu the younger'', (2 September 1716 -- 9 July 1791) was a French engraver.	Jacques-Nicolas Tardieu	9 July 1791
date of death	Marcus Peducaeus Plautius Quintillus (d. 205) was a two-time consul of the Roman Empire, in 177 with the future emperor Commodus as his colleague, and once again with Commodus at an unknown date.	Marcus Peducaeus Plautius Quintillus	205
date of death	Peter Liechti (January 8, 1951 -- 4 April 2014) was a Swiss movie director.	Peter Liechti	4 April 2014
date of death	William Corden the Elder (21 January 1795 -- 18 June 1867) was an English portrait painter and miniaturist known for his commissions from the Royal Family in the mid nineteenth century.	William Corden the Elder	18 June 1867
date of death	Rachel Katznelson-Shazar (Hebrew: רחל כצנלסון-שזר‎), also known as Rachel Shazar, (born 24 October 1885, died 11 August 1975) was an active figure in the Zionist movement.	Rachel Katznelson-Shazar	11 August 1975
date of death	Erik Krag (13 January 1902 -- 13 May 1987) was a Norwegian literary historian, translator, novelist and playwright.	Erik Krag	1987
date of death	S.M. Banerjee (31 August 1919 - 26 December 1987) was a former Indian politician.	S.M. Banerjee	26 December 1987
date of death	Sir William Young, 2nd Baronet, FRS, FSA (December 1749 -- 10 January 1815) was a British colonial governor, politician and sugar plantation owner.	Sir William Young, 2nd Baronet	10 January 1815
date of death	Stanisław Dobosiewicz (1910--2007) was a Polish writer and school teacher.	Stanisław Dobosiewicz	2007
date of death	Antonios Kalamogdartis (Greek: Αντώνιος Καλαμογδάρτης, 1810--1856) was a Greek revolutionary leader and a politician which he was elected many times.	Antonios Kalamogdartis	1856
date of death	Luis de Torres (died 1493), perhaps born as יוסף בן לוי העברי, Yosef ben Levi Ha-Ivri, (``Joseph, Son of Levi, the Hebrew'') was Christopher Columbus's interpreter on his first voyage and the first person of Jewish origin to settle in America.	Luis de Torres	1493
date of death	Vladimír Čech (born 6 July 1951 -- 22 March 2013) was a Czech actor, presenter and former politician.	Vladimír Čech	22 March 2013
date of death	Sheikh Ubeydullah (died 1883) (Kurdish: Şêx Ubeydullayê Nehrî, شێخ وبه‌يدوڵاي نهری), also known as Sayyid Ubeydullah, was the leader of the first modern Kurdish nationalist struggle.	Sheikh Ubeydullah	1883
date of death	Thomas Bataill (died ca. 1396), of Otes in High Laver and Matching, Essex.	Thomas Bataill	1396
date of death	Donald Obeyesekere (1888--1964) was a prominent colonial era legislator from Ceylon.	Donald Obeyesekere	1964
date of death	William Anthony Furness, 2nd Viscount Furness (31 March 1929 -- 1 May 1995) was a British peer.	William Anthony Furness, 2nd Viscount Furness	1 May 1995
date of death	Sarah St. John (December 1669 -- April 1755) was an English clergyman's wife who owned, and maintained over many years, a manuscript recipe book.	Sarah St. John	April 1755
date of death	Surya Prasad Upadhyaya (14 September 1907 - 15 July 2014), a Nepalese politician.	Surya Prasad Upadhyaya	15 July 2014
date of death	William Ramsay Hutchison (died 22 March 1918) was a Scottish rugby union player.	William Ramsay Hutchison	22 March 1918
date of death	Jacques-Louis Soret (30 June 1827 -- 13 May 1890) was a Swiss chemist who in 1878, along with Marc Delafontaine, first observed holmium spectroscopically.	Jacques-Louis Soret	13 May 1890
date of death	Ras Prince Monolulu (26 October 1881 -- 14 February 1965), whose real name was Peter Carl Mackay (or McKay), was a horse-racing tipster, and something of an institution on the British racing scene from the 1920s until the time of his death.	Prince Monolulu	14 February 1965
date of death	Count Fyodor Ivanovich Tolstoy (Russian: Фёдор Ива́нович Толсто́й), also known as the ``American'' (Американец) (17 February 1782 -- 5 November 1846) was a Russian nobleman from the well-known Tolstoy family.	Fyodor Ivanovich Tolstoy	5 November 1846
date of death	Jorge Lankenau Rocha (16 April 1944 -- 16 June 2012) was a Mexican banker and businessman who was arrested in 1997 on fraud and tax evasion charges for shifting $179 million to the Cayman Islands and Paraguay and served eight years in prison.	Jorge Lankenau	16 June 2012
date of death	Joseph-Octave Villeneuve (4 March 1836 -- 27 June 1901) was a Canadian businessman, provincial politician, and senator.	Joseph-Octave Villeneuve	27 June 1901
date of death	Carl August Adlersparre (7 June 1810 Kristinehamn Municipality, Värmland - 5 May 1862 Stockholm) was a Swedish count (1835), chamberlain (1838), poet, novelist and historian.	Carl August Adlersparre	5 May 1862
date of death	Napoleone Nani (Venice 1841- Verona, 1899) was an Italian painter, active in Venice, where he became professor of the Accademia di Belle Arti.	Napoleone Nani	1899
date of death	Solomon Winter, Hungarian philanthropist; born in the county of Zips, Hungary, in 1778; died at Hunsdorf, in the same county, February 24, 1859, after laboring for sixty years for the advancement of the Jewish race in his locality.	Solomon Winter	1859
date of death	Li Baiyao (simplified Chinese: 李百药; traditional Chinese: 李百藥) (564--647), courtesy name Zhonggui (重規), formally Viscount Kang of Anping (安平康子), was a Chinese historian and an official during the Chinese dynasties Sui Dynasty and Tang Dynasty.	Li Baiyao	647
date of death	Finghin MacCarthy Reagh (Irish: Fínghin Mac Carthaigh Riabhach) was the 8th Prince of Carbery from 1477 to his death in 1505.	Finghin MacCarthy Reagh	1505
date of death	Lucas Moreira Neves O.P. (16 September 1925 -- 8 September 2002) was a Brazilian Cardinal Bishop and Prefect of the Congregation for Bishops.	Lucas Moreira Neves	8 September 2002
date of death	Mojola Agbebi (1860--1917) was a Nigerian Yoruba Baptist minister.	Mojola Agbebi	1917
date of death	James Orrock RI (1829 -- 10 May 1913), was a prominent Scottish collector of art and oriental ceramics, illustrator and landscape watercolourist.	James Orrock	10 May 1913
date of death	Oddvar Berrefjord (born 20 March 1918 in Vardø, died 25 November 1999) was a Norwegian jurist and politician for the Labour Party.	Oddvar Berrefjord	25 November 1999
date of death	Jozef Božetech Klemens (8 March 1817 in Liptovský Mikuláš -- 17 January 1883 in Vienna) was a Slovakian portrait painter, sculptor, photographer, inventor and naturalist.	Jozef Božetech Klemens	17 January 1883
date of death	Jacob Holm (29 September 1770 -- 3 August 1845) was a Danish industrialist, ship owner and merchant.	Jacob Holm	3 August 1845
date of death	Ian Roger Vanderfield AO OBE (1928 -- 25 September 2008) was an Australian doctor, and a rugby union referee and administrator.	Roger Vanderfield	25 September 2008
date of death	Daniel Waggoner (1828-1902) was an early American settler and rancher in Texas.	Daniel Waggoner	1902
date of death	Paul Augustin Mayer, OSB (23 May 1911 -- 30 April 2010) was a German Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.	Paul Augustin Mayer	30 April 2010
date of death	Jennett Humphreys (1829/30--1917) was an English author, poet, and contributor to major reference works.	Jennett Humphreys	1917
date of death	Sophie de Choiseul-Gouffier (Lithuanian: Sofija Tyzenhauzaitė de Šuazel-Gufjė; 1790 -- 28 May 1878) was a Lithuanian novelist.	Sophie de Choiseul-Gouffier	28 May 1878
date of death	John Smith alias Dyer (1498/1499-1571), of Ipswich, Suffolk, was an English politician.	John Smith alias Dyer	1571
date of death	Adrian Henri (10 April 1932 -- 20 December 2000) was a British poet and painter best remembered as the founder of poetry-rock group the Liverpool Scene and as one of three poets in the best-selling anthology The Mersey Sound, along with Brian Patten and Roger McGough.	Adrian Henri	20 December 2000
date of death	John Sargeaunt (1857--1922) was a noted classical scholar and schoolmaster of whom The Times wrote: ``he will be long remembered for his profound scholarship and his genius as a teacher''.	John Sargeaunt	1922
date of death	Sir William Sterndale Bennett (13 April 1816 -- 1 February 1875) was an English composer, pianist, conductor and music educator.	William Sterndale Bennett	1 February 1875
date of death	Gabriel Nicolas de la Reynie (1625 -- 14 June 1709) is considered to be the founder of the first modern police force.	Gabriel Nicolas de la Reynie	14 June 1709
date of death	Martha Foley (1897--1977) cofounded Story magazine in 1931 with her husband Whit Burnett.	Martha Foley	1977
date of death	Kristian Friis Petersen (17 September 1867 -- 5 April 1932) was the Norwegian Minister of Social Affairs 1914-1916 and Minister of Trade 1916-1919.	Kristian Friis Petersen	5 April 1932
date of death	Cormac Ó Comáin (aka Cormac Dall, Blind Cormac, Cormac Common), Irish seanchai, May 1703 -- 1813.	Cormac Ó Comáin	1813
date of death	Ferchar mac Connaid was king of Dál Riata (in modern Scotland) from about 642 until 650.	Ferchar mac Connaid	650
date of death	Les Eyre (7 January 1922 -- 19 November 1991) was a footballer who was born in Ilkeston, Derbyshire, England and played for Norwich City.	Les Eyre	19 November 1991
date of death	Karl Gurakuqi (1895-1971) was an Albanian linguist and folklorist.	Karl Gurakuqi	1971
date of death	Thomas Graham Balfour (18 March 1813 -- 17 January 1891) was a Scottish physician noted for his work with medical statistics, and a member of Florence Nightingale's inner circle.	Thomas Graham Balfour	17 January 1891
date of death	Gaspard Jean-Baptiste Brunet (14 June 1734 -- 15 November 1793) commanded the French Army of Italy during the French Revolutionary Wars and was executed during the Reign of Terror.	Gaspard Jean-Baptiste Brunet	15 November 1793
date of death	Kittur Chennamma (23 October 1778 -- 21 February 1829) was the Queen of Kittur, a princely state in South India.	Kittur Chennamma	21 February 1829
date of death	Luigi Villari (1876--1959) was an Italian historian, traveler and diplomat.	Luigi Villari	1959
date of death	Maria Erhart, née Kirner (1944 -- 2 September 2011), was an Austrian international bridge player, who had the rare distinction of playing for her country's Open team as well as for the Women's team.	Maria Erhart	2 September 2011
date of death	Octavius Eaden (born 15 December 1808 at Cambridge; died 1832 at Cambridge) was an English cricketer who was associated with Cambridge Town Club and made his first-class debut in 1827.	Octavius Eaden	1832
date of death	Cornelia Toppen, known as Keet Zwenke, (1730, Beekbergen - 6 March 1800, Rotterdam), was a Dutch Orangist and the instigator of the 1784 riots of Rotterdam.	Cornelia Toppen	6 March 1800
date of death	Guy Wharton (5 December 1916, Darfield, England -- 1990) was a professional footballer who played as a wing half.	Guy Wharton	1990
date of death	Tiloukaikt (also Tilokaikt or Teelonkike) ( unknown - 1850) was a Native American leader of the Cayuse tribe in the northwestern United States.	Tiloukaikt	1850
date of death	Herbert Marvin Ohlman (1927--2002) is the inventor of permutation indexing, or Permuterm and is one of the pioneers of Information Science and Technology.	Herbert Marvin Ohlman	2002
date of death	Yves Blais (June 5, 1931 -- November 22, 1998) was a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec.	Yves Blais	1998
date of death	Hugh Macdonald Sinclair, FRCP (4 February 1910 -- 22 June 1990) was a doctor, medical researcher, and expert in human nutrition.	Hugh Macdonald Sinclair	22 June 1990
date of death	Clifford McLaglen (15 June 1892 -- 9 September 1978) was a Stepney, London-born British film actor.	Clifford McLaglen	9 September 1978
date of death	John Fortune (born John C. Wood; 30 June 1939 -- 31 December 2013) was an English satirist, comedian, writer, and actor, best known for his work with John Bird and Rory Bremner on the TV series Bremner, Bird and Fortune.	John Fortune	31 December 2013
date of death	Henry C. Pearson (October 8, 1914 -- December 3, 2006) was an American abstract and modernist painter.	Henry C. Pearson	2006
date of death	Arthur Roy Clapham, CBE FRS (24 May 1904 -- 18 December 1990), was a British botanist.	Arthur Roy Clapham	18 December 1990
date of death	John Ponet (c. 1514 -- August 1556), sometimes spelled John Poynet, was an English Protestant churchman and controversial writer, the Bishop of Winchester and Marian exile.	John Ponet	August 1556
date of death	Adib Masud Hassan Rizvi (1893-1975) was an Indian author and a scholar of Urdu literature.	Masud Hassan Rizvi	1975
date of death	Konstantinos Kollias (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Κόλλιας) (1901 -- 13 July 1998) was a former Greek Attorney General who was proclaimed Prime Minister by the Greek military junta of 1967--74 that overthrew Panagiotis Kanellopoulos' government on 21 April 1967.	Konstantinos Kollias	13 July 1998
date of death	Edgar Kendall Taylor CBE, FRCM, Hon FRAM (27 July 1905 -- 5 December 1999) was a British pianist, who had an international career as a solo concert pianist.	Kendall Taylor	5 December 1999
date of death	Elizabeth Greenleaf Pattee (1893--1991) was an American architect, landscape architect, and architecture professor in the Northeast whose career spanned a half century.	Elizabeth Greenleaf Pattee	1991
date of death	Suitbert Bäumer (28 March 1845 -- 12 August 1894) was a Benedictine monk and historian of the Breviary and one of the most scholarly patrologists of the nineteenth century.	Suitbert Bäumer	12 August 1894
date of death	John Rhea Barton (April 1794, Lancaster, Pennsylvania -- 1 January 1871, Philadelphia) was an American orthopedic surgeon remembered for describing Barton's fracture.	John Rhea Barton	1 January 1871
date of death	Tang Caichang (Chinese: 唐才常; pinyin: Táng Cáicháng; 1867 -- 22 August 1900) was a late Qing reformer and political activist.	Tang Caichang	22 August 1900
date of death	Rosalie Loveling (20 March 1834 -- 4 May 1875) was a Flemish author of poetry, novels and essays.	Rosalie Loveling	4 May 1875
date of death	Elisha Johnson (1785--1866) was an engineer and early resident of Rochester, New York.	Elisha Johnson	1866
date of death	Sir Lewis Bellenden of Auchnole and Broughton, Knt., (c. 1552 - 27 August 1591, Edinburgh), knighted about 1577, was the eldest son of his father Sir John Bellenden of Auchnole & Broughton, whom he succeeded as Lord Justice Clerk on 15 March 1577.	Lewis Bellenden	27 August 1591
date of death	Barnet Burns (November 1805 -- 26 December 1860) was an English sailor, trader, and showman who became one of the first Europeans to live as a Pākehā Māori and to receive the full Māori facial tattoo.	Barnet Burns	26 December 1860
date of death	Antonio Rubino (15 May 1880 -- 1 July 1964) was an Italian illustrator, cartoonist, animation director, screenwriter, playwright, author and poet.	Antonio Rubino	1 July 1964
date of death	Robbie Millar (26 April 1967 -- 13 August 2005) was a head chef and restaurateur from Ballycarry in County Antrim, Northern Ireland.	Robbie Millar	13 August 2005
date of death	Jules Marchal (1924 - 21 June 2003) was a Belgian diplomat and historian, who wrote extensively on the history of colonial exploitation in the Belgian Congo.	Jules Marchal	21 June 2003
date of death	Bennett Scott (1875--1930) was a writer of music hall songs.	Bennett Scott	1930
date of death	Meduri Nageswara Rao (31 March 1910 -- 13 January 1998) was an Indian independence activist, politician and Member of Parliament.	Meduri Nageswara Rao	13 January 1998
date of death	Gustaf Storgårds (11 December 1869 in Lapinjärvi -- 11 November 1945) was a Finnish Lutheran clergyman and politician.	Gustaf Storgårds	11 November 1945
date of death	Vsevolod I Svyatoslavich (Russian: Всеволод Святославич), also known as Vsevolod Aurochs (Russian: Буй-тур) and Vsevolod the Fierce (died 1196), was a Prince of Kursk and Prince of Trubchevsk from a Rurikid family in Kievan Rus.	Vsevolod I Svyatoslavich	1196
date of death	Sophiya Haque (14 June 1971 -- 17 January 2013) was an English actress, singer, video jockey and dancer.	Sophiya Haque	17 January 2013
date of death	Lucretia Magnusdotter (Gyllenhielm) (1562-1624), was the illegitimate daughter of the Swedish prince Magnus, Duke of Östergötland, and Valborg Eriksdotter.	Lucretia Magnusdotter (Gyllenhielm)	1624
date of death	Li Xiaogong (591--640), posthumously known as Prince Yuan of Hejian, often referred to by his earlier title as the Prince of Zhao Commandery, was an imperial prince and general of the Tang dynasty.	Li Xiaogong	640
date of death	Thomas Shine, second Bishop of Middlesbrough, died at the Sisters of Mercy Nursing Home at Whitby on 22 November, 1955, in his 84th year.	Thomas Shine	22 November, 1955
date of death	Gunning S. Bedford (1806 - 5 September 1870) was a medical writer, teacher and founder of the United States' first obstetrical clinic for those too poor to pay a doctor's fee.	Gunning S. Bedford	5 September 1870
date of death	William John Parry (28 March 1842 - 1927) was a Welsh businessman, politician and author.	William John Parry	1927
date of death	Philip Thorp (6 May 1911 -- December 2006) was an English cricketer who played two first-class games for Worcestershire in 1935.	Philip Thorp	December 2006
date of death	Wenceslaus II, Duke of Opava-Ratibor (also known as Wenceslaus I of Ratibor and Krnov; Czech: Václav IV. Ratibořský; c. 1405 -- 29 October 1456) was a member of the Opavian branch of the Přemyslid dynasty.	Wenceslaus II, Duke of Opava-Ratibor	1456
date of death	Martin Stephani (2 November 1915 -- 9 June 1983) was a German conductor and professor.	Martin Stephani	9 June 1983
date of death	Frank Hall Crane (1 January 1873 -- 1 September 1948) was an American stage and film actor and director.	Frank Hall Crane	1 September 1948
date of death	Mícheál Ó Siochfhradha (1900--1986; Irish pronunciation: (mʲiːˈhaːl̪ˠ oː ʃʊˈxɾˠuː)), and Pádraig (An Seabhac) Ó Siochfhradha were brothers who were writers, teachers and Irish language storytellers, from County Kerry, Ireland.	Mícheál Ó Siochfhradha	1986
date of death	Les Mitchell (15 April 1891 -- 5 August 1957) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Les Mitchell	5 August 1957
date of death	Hendrik Trajectinus, Count of Solms, (b. 1636 in Utrecht -- 13 July 1693 in Neerwinden) was a Dutch lieutenant-general.	Hendrik Trajectinus, Count of Solms	13 July 1693
date of death	Hilaire Vanbiervliet (29 October 1890--1981) was a Belgian painter belonging to the Flemish expressionists.	Hilaire Vanbiervliet	1981
date of death	Sir William Chichele Plowden KCSI (1832 -- 4 September 1915) was a Civil Servant and Member of the Legislative Council in India, and subsequently a Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1886 to 1892.	William Chichele Plowden	4 September 1915
date of death	Tyronne Fernando PC (Sinhala:ටිරොන් ෆර්නැන්ඩො) (8 August 1941 -- 26 February 2008) was a Sri Lankan politician who served as Foreign Minister from 2001 until 2004.	Tyronne Fernando	26 February 2008
date of death	Gwen Lux Creighton (professionally Gwen Lux, 1908--1987) was among America's pioneer women sculptors (McBrien 2004).	Gwen Lux	1987
date of death	Valivitta Thevar (1889--1927) was an Indian social reformer and teacher.	Valivitta Thevar	1927
date of death	Basil the Copper Hand (Greek: Βασίλειος ὁ Χαλκόχειρ, died c. 932) was a Byzantine rebel leader active in Bithynia in the 920s and early 930s.	Basil the Copper Hand	932
date of death	John Spenser (1559--1614) was an English academic, president of Corpus Christi College, Oxford.	John Spenser	1614
date of death	Jack Penn (14 August 1909 -- 27 November 1996), M.B., Ch.B., F.R.C.S.(E.).	Jack Penn	27 November 1996
date of death	James J. Metcalfe (Sept 16, 1906 - March 1960) was an American poet whose ``Daily Poem Portraits'' were published in more than 100 United States newspapers during the 1940s and 1950s.	James J. Metcalfe	1960
date of death	``Spearthrower Owl'' (or Atlatl Cauac) (? -- 439 AD) is the name commonly given to a Mesoamerican personage from the Early Classic period, who is identified in Maya inscriptions and iconography.	Spearthrower Owl	439
date of death	Ludwig Hupfeld (26 November 1864 - 8 October 1949) was a musical instrument maker and industrialist.	Ludwig Hupfeld	8 October 1949
date of death	James Mudie (1779--1852) was a Scottish-born free settler of Australia who became an officer of marines, large landowner, and author.	James Mudie	1852
date of death	Ralph Waldo Tyler (1860--1921) was an African-American journalist, war correspondent, government official, and race man.	Ralph Waldo Tyler	1921
date of death	James Webber was the Dean of Ripon from 1828 until his death on 3 September 1847.	James Webber	3 September 1847
date of death	Homer G. Balcom (1870--1938) was a structural engineer who was responsible for designing the Empire State Building.	Homer G. Balcom	1938
date of death	Livia della Rovere (16 December 1585 -- 6 July 1641) was an Italian noblewoman of the House of della Rovere and a Duchess of Urbino.	Livia della Rovere	6 July 1641
date of death	William West Durant (1850 -- 1934) was a designer and developer of camps in the Adirondack Great Camp style, including Camp Uncas, Camp Pine Knot and Sagamore Camp which are National Historic Landmarks.	William West Durant	1934
date of death	Einar Nerman (6 October 1888 in Norrköping -- 1983) was a Swedish artist.	Einar Nerman	1983
date of death	Andreas Lauritz Thune (9 April 1848 -- 20 April 1920) was a Norwegian engineer and businessman, associated with the company Thunes Mekaniske Værksted.	Andreas Lauritz Thune	1920
date of death	Bernard O'Higgins (?--1564) was an Irish Roman Catholic bishop.	Bernard O'Higgins	1564
date of death	Ruaidrí Ua Conchobair (died 1118) (anglicised Roderic O'Connor), called Ruaidrí na Saide Buide (Ruaidrí of the Yellow Birch) was King of Connacht, perhaps twice.	Ruaidrí na Saide Buide	1118
date of death	Ammar Abadah Nasser al-Wa'eli (Arabic: ) (1977-3 June 2011, born in Yemen) became wanted in 2002, by the United States Department of Justice's FBI, which was then seeking information about his identity and whereabouts.	Ammar Abadah Nasser al-Wa'eli	3 June 2011
date of death	Eben Ezra Roberts (1866--1943) was an American architect known for his work in the early modern Prairie style, pioneered by Frank Lloyd Wright, as well as other traditional residential styles.	Eben Ezra Roberts	1943
date of death	Gaspard Rigaud (1 June 1661 - 28 March 1705) was a French painter and portraitist.	Gaspard Rigaud	28 March 1705
date of death	Prithivi Nath Kaul Bamzai (1910--2007) was a Kashmiri scholar and historian who wrote several books on the history of Kashmir and related topics.	Prithivi Nath Kaul Bamzai	2007
date of death	Sir William Skeffington (c. 1465 -- 31 December 1535), was a Lord Deputy of Ireland.	William Skeffington	31 December 1535
date of death	Murchadh Reagh Ó Madadhan, Chief of Síol Anmchadha, died 1475.	Murchadh Reagh Ó Madadhan	1475
date of death	Dursun Aksoy was the Turkish administrative attaché in Brussels, Belgium, who was assassinated in 1983.	Dursun Aksoy	1983
date of death	Chitrananda Abeysekera (1930--1992) was a veteran broadcaster, poet, writer and an administrator.	Chitrananda Abeysekera	1992
date of death	Theodore de Lemos (1850, Holstein, German Confederation -- 12 April 1909, New York City, New York, United States), son of Hermann and Maria Grothe De Lemos of Holstein, was an architect.	Theodore de Lemos	12 April 1909
date of death	To Lua Foto (died 614) was Abbot of Clonmacnoise.	To Lua Foto	614
date of death	Seán Ó Cionnaith (born July 1938 near Ballinasloe, County Galway, died 16 February 2003 in Dublin) was an Irish socialist republican politician, and a prominent member of The Workers' Party.	Seán Ó Cionnaith	2003
date of death	Chandra Gurung (died 23 September 2006), also Chandra Prasad Gurung, was a leader in conservation and sustainable field of Nepal.	Chandra Gurung	23 September 2006
date of death	Arthur Spry (4 February 1612 - 17 September 1685) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1660 to 1679.	Arthur Spry	17 September 1685
date of death	Henry Percy, 3rd Earl of Northumberland, (25 July 1421 -- 29 March 1461) was an English magnate.	Henry Percy, 3rd Earl of Northumberland	29 March 1461
date of death	Joseph Whiting Stock (January 30, 1815 -- 1855) was an American painter known for his portraits, miniatures, and landscape paintings, many of which he did on commission.	Joseph Whiting Stock	1855
date of death	Józef Nawrot (24 September 1906 -- 24 September 1982) was a Polish international footballer who played for the national team during the 1920s and 1930s.	Józef Nawrot	24 September 1982
date of death	Johann Christoph Pepusch (1667 -- 20 July 1752), also known as John Christopher Pepusch and Dr Pepusch, was a German-born composer who spent most of his working life in England.	Johann Christoph Pepusch	20 July 1752
date of death	Lulama Masikazana (6 February 1973 -- 7 October 2011) was a South African cricketer who played first-class cricket as a wicketkeeper for Eastern Province from 1993 to 2000.	Lulama Masikazana	7 October 2011
date of death	Ustad Abed Hossain Khan (1929 -- 1996) was a Bangladeshi musician, music composer and music director.	Abed Hossain Khan	1996
date of death	Alexander Aaronsohn (Hebrew: אלכסנדר אהרנסון‎; Romania, 1888--Palestine, 1948) was an author and activist who wrote about the plight of people living in Palestine (now Israel) in his book, With the Turks in Palestine.	Alexander Aaronsohn	1948
date of death	Charles Dadant (20 May 1817 -- 26 July 1902) was a French-American beekeeper.	Charles Dadant	26 July 1902
date of death	James Maina Boi (4 April 1954 -- 15 July 2004) was a Kenyan middle distance runner.	James Maina Boi	15 July 2004
date of death	Lindsay Smail (15 September 1910 -- 3 March 1988) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Lindsay Smail	3 March 1988
date of death	Albert Benjamin Prescott (1832-1905) was an American chemist, born in Hastings, New York.	Albert Benjamin Prescott	1905
date of death	Sita Chan (Chinese: 陳僖儀, 10 March 1987 -- 17 April 2013) was a Hong Kong Cantopop singer and actress.	Sita Chan	17 April 2013
date of death	Pietro Pintor (1880 -- 7 December 1940) was an Italian general during World War II. Pintor was the uncle of the antifascist journalist Giaime Pintor.	Pietro Pintor	7 December 1940
date of death	Edmond de Caillou or Raymond de Caillou, (also spelt Calhou, Calhau, Cailow etc.)(d. 1316) was a Gascon soldier who fought during the First War of Scottish Independence.	Edmond de Caillou	1316
date of death	Thomas Penrose (1742--1779) was an English cleric and poet.	Thomas Penrose	1779
date of death	Fergus Crawford (1933--1985) was an Irish professional footballer.	Fergus Crawford	1985
date of death	Konstantinos Kozanitas (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Κοζανιτάς, 1880 -- 1954) was a Greek gymnast.	Konstantinos Kozanitas	1954
date of death	Ivor Frederick Wentworth Schofield CMG (5 July 1904 - 25 September 1979) was a British colonial administrator in West Africa.	Ivor Frederick Wentworth Schofield	25 September 1979
date of death	Charles Silvester Horne (1865--1914) was a late 19th century and early 20th century Congregationalist minister, who additionally served as Liberal M.P. for Ipswich, and was a noted orator.	Silvester Horne	1914
date of death	Wilhelm Eduard Brodtbeck (25 September 1873 in Liestal - 12 April 1957, in Liestal) was a famous Swiss architect from Liestal canton Basel-Country.	Wilhelm Eduard Brodtbeck	12 April 1957
date of death	Saint Mochta, Mochtae, or Mahew (died 20 August 535), in Latin sources Maucteus or Mauchteus, was the last surviving disciple of St. Patrick.	Mochta	535
date of death	Muriki or Maurice Spata (Albanian: Muriq Shpata, Greek: Μουρίκης Σπάτας; fl. 1399--1414) was the ruler of Arta from late 1399/early 1400 until his death in 1414 or 1415.	Maurice Spata	1415
date of death	Ah Ken (fl. 1858--1896) was a Chinese American businessman and popular figure in Chinatown, Manhattan during the mid-to late 19th century.	Ah Ken	1896
date of death	Hubert Le Blon (21 March 1874 -- 2 April 1910) was a French automobilist and pioneer aviator.	Hubert Le Blon	2 April 1910
date of death	Luise Marie of the Palatinate (Luise Marie von der Plafz; 23 July 1647 -- 11 March 1679) was a Bavarian princess who married Charles Theodore, the Prince (Fürst) of Salm-Salm.	Luise Marie of the Palatinate	11 March 1679
date of death	Elicius Benedict Bernard Placid Quirk Carrington Dwyer (3 May 1876 -- 19 October 1912), better known as E. B. Dwyer, was an Australian cricketer who played first-class cricket in England for Sussex County Cricket Club.	E. B. Dwyer	19 October 1912
date of death	Iwo Odrowąż (died 21 August 1229) was a medieval Polish humanist, statesman, and bishop.	Iwo Odrowąż	21 August 1229
date of death	Ludwig Wrede (28 October 1894 -- 1 January 1965) was an Austrian figure skater in both pairs and singles skating.	Ludwig Wrede	1 January 1965
date of death	Ketevan Pkheidze (Georgian: ქეთევან ფხეიძე; died 1744) was a Georgian princess of the family of Pkheidze (also known as Mkheidze) hailing from Imereti.	Ketevan Pkheidze	1744
date of death	Sir Charles Tyrrell Giles KC (2 February 1850 -- 16 January 1940), was a British lawyer and Conservative politician who represented Wisbech.	Charles Tyrrell Giles	16 January 1940
date of death	Otto Wilhelm Sonder (18 June 1812, Bad Oldesloe -- 21 November 1881) was a German botanist and pharmacist who was a native of Holstein.	Otto Wilhelm Sonder	21 November 1881
date of death	T G Purvis (12 April 1861 -- 17 January 1933) was a British marine artist.	T G Purvis	17 January 1933
date of death	Sir John Ingilby, 1st Baronet FRS (9 May 1758 -- 13 May 1815) of Ripley Castle, Yorkshire was a British politician.	John Ingilby	13 May 1815
date of death	Takeshi Taketsuru (Japanese: 竹鶴威, 6 March 1924 -- 17 December 2014) was a Japanese whisky distiller.	Takeshi Taketsuru	17 December 2014
date of death	Comes Bonifacius (anglicized as Count Boniface) (died 432) was a Roman general and governor of the Diocese of Africa.	Bonifacius	432
date of death	Aquila Walsh (15 May 1823 -- 6 March 1885) was a Canadian civil engineer, politician, and civil servant.	Aquila Walsh	6 March 1885
date of death	Anthony Bleecker (October 1770 -- 13 March 1827) was a lawyer and author who was a friend of Washington Irving and William Cullen Bryant.	Anthony Bleecker	13 March 1827
date of death	Count Ignazio Alessandro Cozio di Salabue (1755--1840) was an Italian count known as the first great connoisseur and collector of violins.	Count Ignazio Alessandro Cozio di Salabue	1840
date of death	Åsa Solberg Iversen (born 7 April 1929 in Overhalla, Nord-Trøndelag, died 3 February 2009 in Fredrikstad) was a Norwegian politician (Ap).	Åsa Solberg Iversen	3 February 2009
date of death	Nguyễn Nhạc (阮岳, died 1793 ) was the founder of the Tây Sơn Dynasty, reigning from 1778 to 1793.	Nguyễn Nhạc	1793
date of death	Nazzareno Orlandi (May 29, 1861 in Ascoli Piceno, Italy -- 1952 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) was an Italian-Argentine painter.	Nazzareno Orlandi	1952
date of death	Salvatore di Pietro, S.J., (15 June 1830 -- 23 August 1898) was an Italian Bishop in the Catholic Church.	Salvatore di Pietro	23 August 1898
date of death	Maciej Płażyński (Polish pronunciation: (ˈmatɕɛj pwaˈʐɨɲskʲi); 10 February 1958 -- 10 April 2010) was a Polish liberal-conservative politician.	Maciej Płażyński	10 April 2010
date of death	Alain Le Bussy (1947 -- 14 October 2010) was a prolific Belgian author of science fiction who won the Prix Rosny-Aîné in 1993 for his novel Deltas.	Alain Le Bussy	14 October 2010
date of death	Jay Appleton (1919 -- 27 April 2015) was a British geographer who proposed 'habitat theory' and advanced the notion of 'prospect-refuge'.	Jay Appleton	27 April 2015
date of death	Shalva Maglakelidze (also spelled as Maghlakelidze; Georgian: შალვა მაღლაკელიძე, German: Schalwa Maglakelidse, French: Chalva Maglakelidzé) (1893--1976) was a Georgian jurist, politician and military commander.	Shalva Maglakelidze	1976
date of death	Nicholas Battely (1648-1704) was an English clergyman and antiquary, editor of William Somner's Cantuaria Sacra and brother of John Battely.	Nicholas Battely	1704
date of death	Geng Yan (Chinese: 耿弇; 3--58 AD) was a Chinese general of the Eastern Han Dynasty.	Geng Yan	58
date of death	Robert Garrison was an American sculptor (May 30, 1895 -- 1943).	Robert Garrison	1943
date of death	Józef Teodorowicz (Armenian: Յովսէփ Թէոֆիլ Թէոդորովիչ; 25 August 1864 -- 4 December 1938) was the last Armenian Catholic Archbishop of Lviv.	Józef Teodorowicz	4 December 1938
date of death	Michael Alfred Rufus Isaacs, 3rd Marquess of Reading (1916-1980) was an English aristocrat and banker.	Michael Alfred Rufus Isaacs, 3rd Marquess of Reading	1980
date of death	Ivan Vasilievich Argamakov (Russian: Иван Васильевич Аргамаков; 1763 - 1834) was a commander of the Imperial Russian Army during the Napoleonic Wars.	Ivan Vasilievich Argamakov	1834
date of death	Álvaro Rodríguez (fl. 1129--1166, died January 1167) was a Galician magnate during the reigns of Alfonso VII and Ferdinand II. Álvaro was the son of Rodrigo Vélaz and Urraca Álvarez, perhaps a daughter of Álvar Fáñez and Mayor Pérez, daughter of Pedro Ansúrez.	Álvaro Rodríguez	1167
date of death	Agustín Viesca (1790--1845) was a governor of the Mexican state of Coahuila y Tejas in 1835.	Agustín Viesca	1845
date of death	William Drummond, 4th Viscount Strathallan (1690 -- 16 April 1746) was a Scottish Jacobite army officer and fourth son of Sir John Drummond of Machany and Margaret, daughter of Sir William Stewart of Innernytie.	William Drummond, 4th Viscount Strathallan	16 April 1746
date of death	Bartolomé Baca (c. 1767 -- 30 April 1834) was Governor of the territory of Santa Fe de Nuevo México (New Mexico) from August 1823 until September 1825.	Bartolomé Baca	30 April 1834
date of death	Richard Peek (3 October 1782 - 7 March 1867) was a tea merchant in London from modest beginnings in Loddiswell in Devon.	Richard Peek	7 March 1867
date of death	Robert Bowyer (/ˈboʊjər/; bap. 18 June 1758 -- 4 June 1834) was a British miniature painter and publisher.	Robert Bowyer	4 June 1834
date of death	Gaetano Cara (1803 -- 1877) was an Italian archaeologist and naturalist primarily interested in ornithology.	Gaetano Cara	1877
date of death	Veliyan Parushev Mitev (Bulgarian: Велиян Пaрушев Митев) (20 March 1968-29 January 2013) was a Bulgarian footballer.	Veliyan Parushev	29 January 2013
date of death	Darrell Ware (1906-1944) was an American screenwriter and film producer.	Darrell Ware	1944
date of death	Koca Musa Pasha (usually referred to as just Musa Pasha; died 22 January 1647, near Euboea) was an Ottoman statesman.	Koca Musa Pasha	1647
date of death	Adrian Nicholas (4 March 1962 -- 17 September 2005) was a British skydiver who completed more than 8,000 jumps in 30 countries.	Adrian Nicholas	17 September 2005
date of death	Jack Hylton (2 July 1892 -- 29 January 1965) was an English band leader and impresario who rose to prominence during the British dance band era.	Jack Hylton	29 January 1965
date of death	Jean-Pierre Sydler (1921-1988) was a Swiss mathematician and a librarian, well known for his work in geometry, most notably on Hilbert's third problem.	Jean-Pierre Sydler	1988
date of death	Gyula Válent (27 September 1926 -- 10 September 2010) is a Hungarian swimmer who won a silver medal in the 100 m backstroke at the 1947 European Aquatics Championships.	Gyula Válent	10 September 2010
date of death	Jehan Rajab (neé Welborne, 1934 -- 5 April 2015) was a Brazil-born Kuwaiti author of British origin.	Jehan Rajab	5 April 2015
date of death	Olivier Le Jeune (buried 10 May 1654) was the first recorded slave purchased in New France.	Olivier Le Jeune	1654
date of death	Frederic Lord (15 November 1886 -- 15 August 1945) was an English choral conductor, organist, composer, and music educator.	Frederic Lord	15 August 1945
date of death	Samuel Shelley (1750--1808) was an English miniaturist and watercolour painter.	Samuel Shelley	1808
date of death	Julian Rix (1850--1903) was an American landscape artist.	Julian Rix	1903
date of death	Joachim Thibault de Courville (died 1581) was a French composer, singer, lutenist, and player of the lyre, of the late Renaissance.	Joachim Thibault de Courville	1581
date of death	Wompatuck (died 1669), known to English settlers as Josiah Sagamore, was a leader of the Mattakeesett tribe of the Massachusetts Indians.	Wompatuck	1669
date of death	Silvester of Valdiseve (or Valdisieve) (1278--1348) was a medieval monk who is not yet recognized as a saint by the Roman Catholic Church, but rather a Blessed.	Silvester of Valdiseve	1348
date of death	Enzo Martinelli (11 November 1911 -- 27 August 1999) was an Italian mathematician, working in the theory of functions of several complex variables: he is best known for his work on the theory of integral representations for holomorphic functions of several variables, notably for discovering the Bochner--	Enzo Martinelli	27 August 1999
date of death	Rev. James Noyes (born 1608, Wiltshire, England -- died 22 October 1656, Newbury, Massachusetts Bay Colony, 22 October 1656) was an English clergyman who emigrated to Massachusetts.	James Noyes	22 October 1656
date of death	George Gordon Belt (1828--1869), soldier, 49er, businessman, judge, Confederate sympathizer who organized the Mason Henry Gang in California during the American Civil War.	George Gordon Belt	1869
date of death	Edward Vansittart Neale, BA, MA (2 April 1810 -- 16 September 1892), was an English barrister, co-operator and Christian Socialist.	Edward Vansittart Neale	16 September 1892
date of death	Théophile Rudolphe Studer (27 November 1845 -- 12 February 1922) was a Swiss ornithologist and marine biologist.	Théophile Rudolphe Studer	12 February 1922
date of death	Viola Grosvenor, Duchess of Westminster (10 June 1912 -- 3 May 1987) was the wife of Robert Grosvenor, 5th Duke of Westminster.	Viola Grosvenor, Duchess of Westminster	3 May 1987
date of death	Frank Damrosch, Jr. (1888-1966) was an Episcopal priest, author, and writer.	Frank Damrosch, Jr.	1966
date of death	Mahendra Lal Wadhwa (October 2, 1900 -- August 1988) was an Indian freedom fighter from the town of Muzafargarh.	Mahendra Lal Wadhwa	1988
date of death	William S. Kaufman (1849--1916) was an American architect known for designing a number of public buildings, primarily in Indiana and Ohio.	William S. Kaufman	1916
date of death	Harry Gorodetzer (1914--2002) was a cellist for the Philadelphia Orchestra for 50 seasons during a period in which the orchestra received world-wide acclaim for its ``Philadelphia Sound''.	Harry Gorodetzer	2002
date of death	Paul Walden (6 June 1964 -- 28 December 2015), commonly known as Guru Josh, was a Jersey musician, active in the British post-acid house scene, best known for his début single ``Infinity'', initially released in 1989 on Walden's record label, Infinity Records.	Guru Josh	28 December 2015
date of death	John Ortell Kingston (May 19, 1919 -- August 25, 1987) was the leader of the Latter Day Church of Christ of Mormon fundamentalists in Davis County, Utah, from 1948 until his death in 1987.	John Ortell Kingston	1987
date of death	Roger Anger (24 March 1923 -- 15 January 2008) was a French architect He was the architect on the Auroville project, designed by Mirra Alfassa and endorsed by UNESCO and the Government of India.	Roger Anger	15 January 2008
date of death	Leif Longum (19 November 1927 -- 5 May 1997) was a Norwegian essayist and literary researcher.	Leif Longum	5 May 1997
date of death	Charles Flaxman (25 December 1806 -- November 1869) was employed by George Angas as his chief clerk.	Charles Flaxman	1869
date of death	Alan Randall (24 April 1925 -- 24 May 2000) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Alan Randall	24 May 2000
date of death	Isidore of Miletus (Greek: Ἰσίδωρος ὁ Μιλήσιος) was one of the two main Byzantine Greek architects (Anthemius of Tralles was the other) that Emperor Justinian I commissioned to design the church of Hagia Sophia in Constantinople from 532-537.	Isidore of Miletus	537
date of death	Maximilien Chaudoir, or Maximilien, baron de Chaudoir, (12 September 1816, Ivnitsa, near Zhitomir - 6 May 1881, Amélie-les-Bains) was a Russian entomologist.	Maximilien Chaudoir	6 May 1881
date of death	Haidar Malik Chadurah (died 1627) was an administrator, and soldier in Kashmir in the service of Salim Nuruddin Jahangir, the fourth Mughal Emperor from 1605 until his death in 1627.	Haidar Malik	1627
date of death	Iljaz Prokshi (Serbo-Croat: Iljaz Prokši) (born in 1949 in Kosovo, Yugoslavia, died 28 April 2007 in Pristina, Kosovo, Serbia) was an ethnic Albanian writer and poet.	Iljaz Prokshi	28 April 2007
date of death	Taishi Ci (166--206), courtesy name Ziyi, was a military general who lived in the late Eastern Han Dynasty.	Taishi Ci	206
developer	Sky Target is a 1995 arcade game by Sega.	Sky Target	Sega
developer	Madden Season 2 is an update to the arcade version of Madden Football by Global VR.	Madden Season 2	Global VR
developer	Heavy Rain is an interactive drama action-adventure video game developed by Quantic Dream and published by Sony Computer Entertainment exclusively for the PlayStation 3 in February 2010.	Heavy Rain	Quantic Dream
developer	Power Chess is a chess-playing video game originally released in September 1996 by Sierra Entertainment for the Microsoft Windows 95 operating system.	Power Chess	Sierra Entertainment
developer	Sheep in Space is a surrealist computer game released for the Commodore 64 computer in the 1980s by Jeff Minter's Llamasoft.	Sheep in Space	Jeff Minter
developer	Skulls of the Shogun is a turn-based tactics video game developed by 17-BIT.	Skulls of the Shogun	17-BIT
developer	The Ancient Art of War in the Skies is a computer game developed by Evryware in 1992 for PC/MS-DOS computers as a sequel to The Ancient Art of War and The Ancient Art of War at Sea.	The Ancient Art of War in the Skies	Evryware
developer	Jampack is a demo series from Sony to advertise and preview upcoming games through demos or featurettes.	Jampack	Sony
developer	Stalin vs. Martians is a parody real-time strategy video game developed by Black Wing Foundation, Dreamlore and N-Game, released on April 29, 2009.	Stalin vs. Martians	Black Wing Foundation
developer	Cities XL 2011 is a city simulator developed by Focus Home Interactive.	Cities XL 2011	Focus Home Interactive
developer	Miner Wars Arena is an arcade Indie video game developed by Keen Software House.	Miner Wars Arena	Keen Software House
developer	GT Pro Series is a franchise developed by MTO and published by Ubisoft as a launch title for Wii.	GT Pro Series	MTO
developer	Robo Rampage is a shooter game developed and published by Miniclip that was released on December 21, 2010.	Robo Rampage	Miniclip
developer	Dr. Panda Games (formerly TribePlay) is an independent Dutch/Chinese video game development studio focused on creating educational applications for kids on smartphones and tablets, and based in Chengdu.	Dr. Panda	TribePlay
developer	Blockout is a puzzle video game, published in 1989 by California Dreams, developed in Poland by Aleksander Ustaszewski and Mirosław Zabłocki.	Blockout	California Dreams
developer	Dead or Alive 5 Last Round is a 2015 fighting game developed by Team Ninja and published by Koei Tecmo for the PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360, Xbox One, Microsoft Windows, and Arcade.	Dead or Alive 5 Last Round	Team Ninja
developer	Matt Hayes Fishing is a fishing video game for Windows, released in 2002 by Electronic Arts and endorsed by British angler Matt Hayes.	Matt Hayes Fishing	Electronic Arts
developer	Challenge of the Dragon was an unlicensed game developed by Color Dreams in 1990 for the Nintendo Entertainment System.	Challenge of the Dragon	Color Dreams
developer	Realms of Darkness is a fantasy video game developed by Strategic Simulations, Inc. and released in 1986.	Realms of Darkness	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
developer	Elevator Action EX is an update to the Game Boy version of Elevator Action published by Altron in 1991.	Elevator Action EX	Altron
developer	EFM32 is a family of 32-bit microcontroller integrated circuits by Energy Micro AS, a subsidiary of Silicon Labs.	EFM32	Energy Micro
developer	Mines of Titan is a single-player role-playing video game, developed by Westwood Associates (later Westwood Studios), and released by Infocom in 1989 for DOS and Apple II.	Mines of Titan	Westwood Studios
developer	Orion Burger is a computer adventure game developed by Sanctuary Woods and published by Eidos Interactive for the PC and Macintosh.	Orion Burger	Sanctuary Woods
developer	Team Fortress Classic is a team-based online multiplayer first-person shooter video game developed and released by Valve Corporation in 1999.	Team Fortress Classic	Valve Corporation
developer	College Hoops 2K8 is a video game by Visual Concepts and 2K Sports.	College Hoops 2K8	Visual Concepts
developer	Wild Metal Country (Wild Metal on the Dreamcast) is a 1999 action video game developed by DMA Design, first published by Gremlin Interactive in Europe for Microsoft Windows in 1999, with Infogrames Studios publishing it in the US shortly after.	Wild Metal Country	DMA Design
developer	Mikie, and known in Japan as Shinnyuushain Tooru-kun (新入社員とおるくん lit. Freshman Tooru-kun), is a 1984 arcade game produced by Konami.	Mikie	Konami
developer	Spy Mouse (stylized and marketed as SPY mouse) is a video game developed by Firemint for iOS, Android and Windows Phone.	Spy Mouse	Firemint
developer	Beyond Good & Evil 2 is a video game in development by Ubisoft Montpellier and published by Ubisoft.	Beyond Good & Evil 2	Ubisoft Montpellier
developer	Tiles of the Dragon is mahjong solitaire game for DOS created by Jason Blochowiak (programmer), Tom Hall (creative director) and Adrian Carmack (artist) for Softdisk in 1993.	Tiles of the Dragon	Softdisk
developer	High Seize is a turn-based tactics video game for the Nokia N-Gage, published by Nokia and developed by RedLynx, released in late 2005.	High Seize	RedLynx
developer	Mystery Case Files: 13th Skull is an adventure-puzzle casual game developed by Big Fish Studios and distributed by Big Fish Games.	Mystery Case Files: 13th Skull	Big Fish Games
developer	SimPark is a 1996 video game by Maxis.	SimPark	Maxis
developer	J.U.L.I.A. is an indie video game developed by CBE Software.	J.U.L.I.A.	CBE Software
developer	EWB Baseball is an iOS baseball sports game designed and published by Eddie Dombrower based on Earl Weaver Baseball.	EWB Baseball	Eddie Dombrower
developer	Power Factory Featuring C+C Music Factory is a 1992 video game developed by Digital Pictures and published by Sony Imagesoft for the Sega CD.	Power Factory Featuring C+C Music Factory	Digital Pictures
developer	Statistica is an advanced analytics software package originally developed by StatSoft which was acquired by Dell in March, 2014.	Statistica	StatSoft	Dell
developer	The ZX81 is a home computer produced by Sinclair Research and manufactured in Scotland by Timex Corporation.	ZX81	Sinclair Research
developer	Clan Lord is the Macintosh's first massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG), made by Delta Tao Software.	Clan Lord	Delta Tao Software
developer	The Conduit is a first-person shooter video game developed by High Voltage Software for the Wii console and Android.	The Conduit	High Voltage Software
developer	Primal Rage is a versus fighting game developed and released by Atari Games to arcades in 1994.	Primal Rage	Atari Games
developer	Raid on Bungeling Bay was the first video game designed by Will Wright.	Raid on Bungeling Bay	Will Wright
developer	WarpSpeed is a space flight simulator video game created by Accolade for the Sega Genesis/Mega Drive and Super NES.	WarpSpeed	Accolade
developer	SSX Blur is a snowboarding and skiing video game, for up to 4 Players, published by EA Sports Big and developed by EA Montreal for the Wii video game console.	SSX Blur	EA Montreal
developer	Heroes of Mana, is a 2007 real-time strategy game for the Nintendo DS. It was developed by Brownie Brown and Square Enix and published by Square Enix.	Heroes of Mana	Square Enix
developer	Compu-Read is an educational program originally developed by Sherwin Steffin of Edu-Ware Services in 1979 for the Apple II.	Compu-Read	Edu-Ware
developer	Super Monkey Ball Adventure is a video game developed by Traveller's Tales in association with the division Traveller's Tales Oxford and distributed by Sega in the Super Monkey Ball series, released on June 30, 2006.	Super Monkey Ball Adventure	Traveller's Tales
developer	Menace Beach is a video game that was released for the Nintendo Entertainment System by Color Dreams in 1990.	Menace Beach	Color Dreams
developer	Mahjong Cub3d, known in Japan as Shanghai 3D Cube (上海3Dキューブ Shanhai 3D Kyūbu), is a Mahjong-based video game developed and published by Sunsoft, for the Nintendo 3DS.	Mahjong Cub3d	Sunsoft
developer	Star Fox Adventures is an action-adventure video game developed by Rare and published by Nintendo for the GameCube as part of the Star Fox series.	Star Fox Adventures	Rare
developer	The Rub Rabbits!, known in Japan as Aka-chan wa Doko Kara Kuru no? (赤ちゃんはどこからくるの?, lit. ``Where do Babies Come From?''), is a mini-game compilation developed by Sonic Team and published by Sega for the Nintendo DS handheld video game console.	The Rub Rabbits!	Sonic Team
developer	Star Soldier R is a futuristic scrolling shooter video game developed by Hudson Soft, and is the seventh installment in the Star Soldier series.	Star Soldier R	Hudson Soft
developer	Fight Night Champion is a boxing video game developed by EA Canada and published by Electronic Arts.	Fight Night Champion	EA Canada
developer	Hot Chase is an arcade game released in 1988 by Konami.	Hot Chase	Konami
developer	Dirty Drivin' is an arcade racing game developed by Specular Interactive and released by Raw Thrills in 2011.	Dirty Drivin'	Specular Interactive
developer	NecroVisioN is a World War I ``alternate'' history horror first-person shooter developed by Polish developer The Farm 51 and published by 505 Games.	NecroVisioN	The Farm 51
developer	IndyCar Racing II is a racing game developed by Papyrus Design Group.	IndyCar Racing II	Papyrus Design Group
developer	Kitware, whose team created and continues to extend the toolkit, offers professional support and consulting services for VTK.	VTK	Kitware
developer	Snail Maze is a 1986 video game by Sega, part of the Sega Master System.	Snail Maze	Sega
developer	Demon's World, released in Japan as Horror Story (ホラーストーリー), is a platformer arcade game that was developed by Toaplan and published by Taito in 1989.	Demon's World	Toaplan
developer	Final Fantasy Airborne Brigade, known in Japan as Final Fantasy Brigade (ファイナルファンタジー ブリゲイド Fainaru Fantajī Burigeido) is a Final Fantasy video game developed and published by Square Enix for Mobage compatible mobile phones.	Final Fantasy Airborne Brigade	Square Enix
developer	Crash Bash is a party video game developed by Eurocom and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation.	Crash Bash	Eurocom
developer	Seymour Goes to Hollywood, also known as Seymour at the Movies, is a platform and adventure game developed by Big Red Software and originally published in Europe by Codemasters in 1991.	Seymour Goes to Hollywood	Big Red Software
developer	Kingdom Under Fire II is a video game set in a high fantasy setting developed by Blueside which merge real-time strategy (RTS), role-playing game (RPG) and massively multiplayer online game (MMO) genres - the game is to have a single player, and online multiplayer mode.	Kingdom Under Fire II	Blueside
developer	Caltron 6 in 1 is a multicart published in 1992 for the Nintendo Entertainment System in North America, released by Caltron, a Taiwan-based video game company which was either closely related to, or simply a pseudonym for, NTDEC.	Caltron 6 in 1	NTDEC
developer	Robot Alchemic Drive, known in Japan as Gigantic Drive (ギガンティック ドライブ), is a PlayStation 2 video game developed by Sandlot and published by Enix.	Robot Alchemic Drive	Sandlot
developer	Alto Trek is a computer game, developed by Gene Ball and Rick Rashid for the Xerox Alto while they were graduate students at the University of Rochester during the late 1970s.	Alto Trek	Gene Ball
developer	Divi-Dead is a Japanese 2D adult game released by C's Ware in 1998.	Divi-Dead	C's Ware
developer	Soulstar was amongst a handful of games developed by Core Design using this graphical style among Battlecorps, BC Racers and Thunderhawk.	Soulstar	Core Design
developer	DYNIX (dynamic unix) is a discontinued operating system developed by Sequent Computer Systems.	DYNIX	Sequent Computer Systems
developer	Paladin II is a computer game distributed by Omnitrend Software and developed by Impressions Games in 1992 for the PC (DOS), Amiga and Atari ST.	Paladin II	Impressions Games
developer	Dungeon Keeper 2 is a strategy game developed by Bullfrog Productions and published by Electronic Arts in 1999 for Microsoft Windows.	Dungeon Keeper 2	Bullfrog Productions
developer	John Gruber created the Markdown language in 2004, with significant collaboration from Aaron Swartz on the syntax, with the goal of enabling people ``to write using an easy-to-read, easy-to-write plain text format, and optionally convert it to structurally valid XHTML (or HTML)''.	Markdown	John Gruber	Aaron Swartz
developer	Battle for Graxia was a free-to-play multiplayer online battle arena game developed by Petroglyph Games for Microsoft Windows.	Battle for Graxia	Petroglyph Games
developer	MDK2 is a 2000 third-person shooter video game developed by BioWare and published by Interplay for the Dreamcast, Microsoft Windows and PlayStation 2.	MDK2	BioWare
developer	XCOM 2 is a turn-based tactics video game developed by Firaxis Games and published by 2K Games for Microsoft Windows, OS X, and Linux.	XCOM 2	Firaxis Games
developer	Compu-Spell is educational software developed by Sherwin Steffin and Steven Pederson of Edu-Ware Services for the Apple II in 1980.	Compu-Spell	Edu-Ware
developer	Prime World is a freemium MMORPG-multiplayer online battle arena hybrid game, internally developed by Nival and available for PC and Mac with companion apps for Android and iOS platforms.	Prime World	Nival
developer	IA-32 (short for ``Intel Architecture, 32-bit'', sometimes also called i386 through metonymy) is the 32-bit version of the x86 instruction set architecture (ISA), first implemented in the Intel 80386 microprocessors in 1985.	IA-32	Intel
developer	WWE '12 is a professional wrestling video game developed by Yuke's and published by THQ for the PlayStation 3, Wii, and Xbox 360 systems.	WWE '12	Yuke
developer	Its sequel, Mother 2, or EarthBound, was developed over five years by Ape (later Creatures) and HAL, and published through Nintendo.	EarthBound	Creatures
developer	Super Time Force is a side-scrolling action and shooter video game by Capybara Games, originally released for the Xbox 360's Live Arcade service and Xbox One on May 14, 2014.	Super Time Force	Capybara Games
developer	SpyParty is an indie video game currently being developed by Chris Hecker.	SpyParty	Chris Hecker
developer	OS X Mavericks (version 10.9) is the tenth major release of OS X, Apple Inc.'s desktop and server operating system for Macintosh computers.	OS X Mavericks	Apple Inc.
developer	Fighters Destiny, known in Japan as Fighting Cup (ファイティングカップ Faitingu Kappu) is a 1998 video game developed by Genki and published by Imagineer for the Nintendo 64.	Fighters Destiny	Genki	Imagineer
director	The Original Latin Kings of Comedy is a 2002 stand-up comedy film directed by Jeb Brien, and the sequel to The Original Kings of Comedy.	The Original Latin Kings of Comedy	Jeb Brien
director	Don't Ever Open That Door (Spanish:No abras nunca esa puerta) is a 1952 Argentine thriller film directed by Carlos Hugo Christensen and starring Ángel Magana, Roberto Escalada and Norma Giménez.	Don't Ever Open That Door	Carlos Hugo Christensen
director	A Daring Daylight Burglary also known as A Daring Daylight Robbery, is a 1903 British silent short crime film directed by Frank Mottershaw.	A Daring Daylight Burglary	Frank Mottershaw
director	Atomic War Bride (Serbo-Croatian: Rat, literally War), is a 1960 Yugoslav science fiction drama film directed by Veljko Bulajić.	Atomic War Bride	Veljko Bulajić
director	Matt Firor, studio lead at ZeniMax Online, is also the director of The Elder Scrolls Online.	The Elder Scrolls Online	Matt Firor
director	The Old School of Capitalism (Serbo-Croatian: Stara škola kapitalizma) is a 2009 feature film directed by Serbian director Želimir Žilnik.	The Old School of Capitalism	Želimir Žilnik
director	The Bride Was Beautiful (Hungarian: A menyasszony gyönyörű volt, Italian: La sposa era bellissima) is a 1986 Hungarian-Italian drama film directed by Pál Gábor.	The Bride Was Beautiful	Pál Gábor
director	Challenge to Lassie is an American drama directed by Richard Thorpe in Technicolor and released October 31, 1949 by MGM Studios.	Challenge to Lassie	Richard Thorpe
director	Spider Forest (Hangul: 거미숲; RR: Geomi sup) is a 2004 South Korean psychological thriller written and directed by Song Il-gon.	Spider Forest	Song Il-gon
director	Night of the Living Deb is a 2015 American romantic, comedy, post-apocalyptic film directed by Kyle Rankin.	Night of the Living Deb	Kyle Rankin
director	Ninne Preethisuve (Kannada: ನಿನ್ನೇ ಪ್ರೀತಿಸುವೆ) is a 2002 Indian Kannada romantic drama film directed by Om Prakash Rao and produced by Oscar Films.	Ninne Preethisuve	Om Prakash Rao
director	The Easiest Way is a 1931 American Pre-Code MGM drama film directed by Jack Conway.	The Easiest Way	Jack Conway
director	Bonnie's Kids is a 1973 American crime/exploitation film written and directed by Arthur Marks.	Bonnie's Kids	Arthur Marks
director	Mrs. Thompson is a 1919 British silent drama film directed by Rex Wilson and starring Minna Grey, C.M. Hallard and Isobel Elsom.	Mrs. Thompson	Rex Wilson
director	Dwitiyo Ripu (Bengali: দ্বিতীয় রিপু Dwitiyo Ripu , meaning Anger) is an upcoming Indian independent film directed by Abhijit Chowdhury.	Dwitiyo Ripu	Abhijit Chowdhury
director	Sri Krishna Rukmini Satyabhama (Kannada: ಶ್ರೀ ಕೃಷ್ಣ ರುಕ್ಮಿಣೀ ಸತ್ಯಭಾಮ) is a 1971 Kannada mythological film written and directed by K. S. L. Swamy.	Sri Krishna Rukmini Satyabhama	K. S. L. Swamy
director	Hate Story is a 2012 Indian erotic thriller film directed by Vivek Agnihotri and produced by Vikram Bhatt.	Hate Story	Vivek Agnihotri
director	The Journey of a Young Composer (Georgian: ახალგაზრდა კომპოზიტორის მოგზაურობა, translit. Akhalgazrda kompozitoris mogzauroba, Russian: Путешествие молодого композитора) is a 1985 Georgian drama film directed by Georgiy Shengelaya.	The Journey of a Young Composer	Georgiy Shengelaya
director	The Last Hour is a 1930 British comedy crime film directed by Walter Forde and starring Richard Cooper and Stewart Rome and Kathleen Vaughan and Alexander Field.	The Last Hour	Walter Forde
director	Septembers of Shiraz is a 2015 American drama film directed by Wayne Blair and written by Hanna Weg.	Septembers of Shiraz	Wayne Blair
director	Underground Lizard People is a 2011 American horror thriller written and directed by Jared Cohn, produced by Traplight Media, distributed by R-Squared Films, as Cohn's second feature film.	Underground Lizard People	Jared Cohn
director	De Pernas pro Ar (Portuguese for Upside Down) is a 2010 Brazilian comedy film directed by Roberto Santucci.	De Pernas pro Ar	Roberto Santucci
director	Kalam Vellum (English: Time Will Win) is a Tamil thriller directed by M. Karnan, released in 1970.	Kalam Vellum	Karnan
director	Panic in the City is a 1968 American thriller film directed by Eddie Davis and written by Eddie Davis and Charles E. Savage.	Panic in the City	Eddie Davis
director	O Circo das Qualidades Humanas is a 2000 Brazilian drama film directed by Milton Alencar, Paulo Augusto Gomes, Geraldo Veloso, and Jorge Moreno.	O Circo das Qualidades Humanas	Geraldo Veloso
director	Hedgehog in the Fog (Russian: Ёжик в тумане, tr. Yozhik v tumane; IPA: (ˈjɵʐɨk f tʊˈmanʲɪ)) is a 1975 Soviet/Russian animated film directed by Yuriy Norshteyn, produced by the Soyuzmultfilm studio in Moscow.	Hedgehog in the Fog	Yuriy Norshteyn
director	``An Enemy of Fate'' was written and directed by showrunner and executive producer J. H. Wyman.	An Enemy of Fate	J. H. Wyman
director	The Conjuring is a 2013 American supernatural horror film directed by James Wan.	The Conjuring	James Wan
director	Volcanoes of the Deep Sea is a 2003 documentary film directed by Stephen Low in the IMAX format about undersea volcanoes.	Volcanoes of the Deep Sea	Stephen Low
director	Sporting Blood is a 1931 American MGM sports drama film directed by Charles Brabin.	Sporting Blood	Charles Brabin
director	Married in Name Only is a 1917 American silent film written by Ivan Abramson and directed by Edmund Lawrence, starring Gretchen Hartman, Milton Sills, and Marie Shotwell.	Married in Name Only	Edmund Lawrence
director	Virtual Obsession is a 1998 science fiction TV movie directed by Mick Garris.	Virtual Obsession	Mick Garris
director	Tähdet kertovat, komisario Palmu (``The Stars Will Tell, Inspector Palmu'') (1962) is a Finnish crime movie directed by Matti Kassila.	Tähdet kertovat, komisario Palmu	Matti Kassila
director	Beau Bandit is a 1930 American western film, directed by Lambert Hillyer, from a screenplay by Wallace Smith, based on his short story, Strictly Business.	Beau Bandit	Lambert Hillyer
director	His People (aka; Proud Heart) is a 1925 silent film about a young, Jewish boxer growing up on the Lower East Side of Manhattan directed by Edward Sloman.	His People	Edward Sloman
director	Nine Lives Are Not Enough is a 1941 drama film directed by A. Edward Sutherland and written by Fred Niblo Jr..	Nine Lives Are Not Enough	A. Edward Sutherland
director	Tomorrow's Yesterday was a short 2006 film written and directed by Elan Gale.	Tomorrow's Yesterday	Elan Gale
director	Garlic Is as Good as Ten Mothers is a 1980 documentary film about garlic directed by Les Blank.	Garlic Is as Good as Ten Mothers	Les Blank
director	Qurbani Jatt Di (Punjabi: ਕੁਰਬਾਨੀ ਜੱਟ ਦੀ) is a 1990 Punjabi action film produded by Hemavati Sapru and directed by Priti Sapru.	Qurbani Jatt Di	Priti Sapru
director	Son of Sardaar, also known by the abbreviation SOS, is a 2012 Bollywood action comedy film directed by Ashwni Dhir.	Son of Sardaar	Ashwni Dhir
director	More Milk, Yvette (1966) is an avant garde film directed by Andy Warhol and filmed at The Factory.	More Milk, Yvette	Andy Warhol
director	Him and His Sister (Czech: On a jeho sestra) is a Czech comedy film directed by Karel Lamač and Martin Frič.	Him and His Sister	Karel Lamač	Martin Frič
director	It Happened in Hollywood is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Harry Lachman and starring Richard Dix, Fay Wray and Victor Kilian.	It Happened in Hollywood	Harry Lachman
director	Said O'Reilly to McNab is a 1937 British comedy film directed by William Beaudine and starring Will Mahoney, Will Fyffe and Ellis Drake.	Said O'Reilly to McNab	William Beaudine
director	Laksamana Do Re Mi (Admirals Do, Re, and Mi) is a 1972 Malaysian black and white comedy film directed by P. Ramlee.	Laksamana Do Re Mi	P. Ramlee
director	Meeting People Is Easy, first released on 30 November 1998, is a rockumentary by Grant Gee following British alternative rock band Radiohead on their exhaustive world tour following the success of their 1997 album OK Computer.	Meeting People Is Easy	Grant Gee
director	Message to Love (directed and produced by Murray Lerner) is a feature documentary film of the Isle of Wight Festival 1970.	Message to Love	Murray Lerner
director	Satan's Waitin' is a 1953 animated Warner Bros. Looney Tunes (reissued as Blue Ribbon Merrie Melodies in 1961) cartoon directed by Friz Freleng, released in 1954, starring Sylvester and Tweety.	Satan's Waitin'	Friz Freleng
director	The Proud Rebel is a 1958 Technicolor Western film directed by Michael Curtiz with a screenplay by Joseph Petracca and Lillie Hayward that is based on a story by James Edward Grant.	The Proud Rebel	Michael Curtiz
director	Another Nice Mess is a 1972 comedy film written and directed by Bob Einstein, a former writer for The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour.	Another Nice Mess	Bob Einstein
director	Bhale Huchcha (Kannada: ಭಲೇ ಹುಚ್ಚ) is a 1972 Indian Kannada film directed by Y. R. Swamy and produced by Gopal Lakshman.	Bhale Huchcha	Y. R. Swamy
director	Wife and Auto Trouble is a 1916 American film directed by Dell Henderson and Mack Sennett.	Wife and Auto Trouble	Dell Henderson	Mack Sennett
director	The Diary of a Worker (Finnish: Työmiehen päiväkirja, and also released as Not by Bread Alone) is a 1967 Finnish drama film directed by Risto Jarva.	The Diary of a Worker	Risto Jarva
director	Ninaivellam Nithya is a 1982 Indian Tamil romance film directed by Tamil C. V. Sridhar.	Ninaivellam Nithya	C. V. Sridhar
director	Bury Me an Angel is a 1971 American biker film from female director Barbara Peeters, who was script supervisor on Angels Die Hard (1970).	Bury Me an Angel	Barbara Peeters
director	What Price Vengeance? is a 1937 Canadian film directed by Del Lord.	What Price Vengeance?	Del Lord
director	Cutting Class is a 1989 slasher film and dark comedy directed by Rospo Pallenberg and written by Steve Slavkin.	Cutting Class	Rospo Pallenberg
director	The Lady with the Tiger Skin (German:Die Dame mit dem Tigerfell) is a 1927 German silent film directed by Willi Wolff and starting Ellen Richter, Mary Kid and Georg Alexander.	The Lady with the Tiger Skin	Willi Wolff
director	Kalimannu is a Malayalam drama film written and directed by Blessy and starring Swetha Menon in the lead role and Biju Menon, Suhasini in Major Supporting roles.	Kalimannu	Blessy
director	Breast Men is a 1997 American, semibiographical, dark comedy film; it was written by John Stockwell and directed by Lawrence O'Neil for HBO.	Breast Men	Lawrence O'Neil
director	Zamaanat-(And Justice For All) is a long-delayed Indian Hindi film, directed by S. Ramanathan.	Zamaanat	S. Ramanathan
director	The Countess of Baton Rouge (French: La Comtesse de Bâton Rouge) is a romantic comedy film by Canadian director André Forcier, released in 1997.	The Countess of Baton Rouge	André Forcier
director	People and Masks Part 2 (German: Menschen und Masken -- 2. Teil) is a 1913 German silent film directed by Harry Piel and featuring Hedda Vernon and Ludwig Trautmann in the lead roles.	People and Masks Part 2	Harry Piel
director	The Red Stallion is a 1947 American film directed by Lesley Selander shot in Cinecolor.	The Red Stallion	Lesley Selander
director	Train Busters (aka R.C.A.F. Train-Busters; its alternate French language version was known as La guerre des airs) is a 13-minute 1943 Canadian documentary film, directed by Sydney Newman.	Train Busters	Sydney Newman
director	School Is Over (Italian: La scuola è finita) is a 2010 Italian drama film directed by Valerio Jalongo.	School Is Over	Valerio Jalongo
director	Star Warp'd is a 2001 American claymation parody film, directed by Pete Schuermann.	Star Warp'd	Pete Schuermann
director	Your Turn to Die (Italian: Troppo per vivere... poco per morire, French: Qui êtes-vous inspecteur Chandler?) is a 1967 Italian-French crime-thriller film directed by Michele Lupo.	Your Turn to Die	Michele Lupo
director	Jeevan Sathi(1962) (Odia: ଜୀବନ ସାଥୀ) is an Ollywood / Oriya film directed by Prabhat Mukherjee	Jeevan Sathi	Prabhat Mukherjee
director	Come on, Cowboys is a 1937 American Western ``Three Mesquiteers'' B-movie directed by Joseph Kane.	Come on, Cowboys	Joseph Kane
director	His Double Life is a 1933 American Pre-Code comedy-drama film directed by Broadway theatrical impresario and first time film director Arthur Hopkins with directorial input from the experienced William C. deMille, Cecil's older brother.	His Double Life	Arthur Hopkins	William C. deMille
director	Is It Always Right to Be Right? is an short animated film directed by Lee Mishkin, produced by Stephen Bosustow Productions, and narrated by Orson Welles.	Is It Always Right to Be Right?	Lee Mishkin
director	Recipe for Love, is an American television film written by Michael J. Murray and directed by Ron Oliver in 2014.	Recipe for Love	Ron Oliver
director	Ore Thooval Pakshikal (English: Birds of the Same Feather) is a 1988 Malayalam film written, directed and produced by Chintha Ravi.	Ore Thooval Pakshikal	Chintha Ravi
director	Stop Violence is a 2002 Malayalam film directed by A. K. Sajan.	Stop Violence	A. K. Sajan
director	Gang Bullets is a 1938 American film directed by Lambert Hillyer.	Gang Bullets	Lambert Hillyer
director	Der Mann, der sich in Luft auflöste (``The man who disappeared into thin air'') (Swedish: Mannen som gick upp i rök) is a German 1980 police film about Martin Beck, directed by Péter Bacsó.	Der Mann, der sich in Luft auflöste	Péter Bacsó
director	The Call of Youth is a 1921 British short romance film directed by Hugh Ford.	The Call of Youth	Hugh Ford
director	Border Incident is a 1949 film noir directed by Anthony Mann.	Border Incident	Anthony Mann
director	Return to El Salvador is a 2010 documentary film directed by Philadelphia filmmaker Jamie Moffett and narrated by Martin Sheen.	Return to El Salvador	Jamie Moffett
director	Desmundo is a 2002 Brazilian drama film by Alain Fresnot, based on the novel of the same name by Ana Miranda.	Desmundo	Alain Fresnot
director	Umbartha (IPA:Umbaraṭhā) (Marathi: उंबरठा; English: Threshold) is a 1982 Marathi film produced by D. V. Rao and directed and coproduced by Dr. Jabbar Patel.	Umbartha	Jabbar Patel
director	The Anthem of the Heart, subtitled Beautiful Word Beautiful World, is a 2015 Japanese animated film produced by A-1 Pictures, directed by Tatsuyuki Nagai and written by Mari Okada.	The Anthem of the Heart	Tatsuyuki Nagai
director	The Terrible People is a 1928 American adventure film serial directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet, based on the novel of the same name by Edgar Wallace.	The Terrible People	Spencer Gordon Bennet
director	Voices of Sarafina! is a 1988 American documentary film directed by Nigel Noble about the anti-apartheid musical stage play Sarafina!	Voices of Sarafina!	Nigel Noble
director	The Orchid Gardener is a 1977 experimental film with a mysterious and symbolic plot directed by Lars von Trier.	The Orchid Gardener	Lars von Trier
director	The Last Tempest (Chinese: 瀛台泣血, translit. Ying tai qi xue) is a 1976 Hong Kong drama film directed by Li Han-hsiang.	The Last Tempest	Li Han-hsiang
director	Beyond Words is a 1997 documentary film directed by Louis van Gasteren.	Beyond Words	Louis van Gasteren
director	Delhii Heights, produced by Prabhu and written-directed by Anand Kumar, was launched in Delhi in May with its first shooting schedule.	Delhii Heights	Anand Kumar
director	The Last Campaign of Governor Booth Gardner is a 2009 documentary film directed by Daniel Junge and produced by Just Media for HBO Films.	The Last Campaign of Governor Booth Gardner	Daniel Junge
director	The Alligator People is a 1959 CinemaScope science fiction horror film directed by Roy Del Ruth.	The Alligator People	Roy Del Ruth
director	George Bully is a 1920 German silent mystery film directed by Max Obal and starring Ernst Reicher as the detective Stuart Webbs, who was modeled on Sherlock Holmes.	George Bully	Max Obal
director	Another Happy Day is a 2011 American black comedy-drama film written and directed by Sam Levinson.	Another Happy Day	Sam Levinson
director	Just Inès is a 2010 British film written and directed by Marcel Grant.	Just Inès	Marcel Grant
director	Good Night, Paul is a 1918 American silent comedy romance film directed by Walter Edwards.	Good Night, Paul	Walter Edwards
director	The Adventures of Greyfriars Bobby is a family-based Scottish film released in the US in 2005 (as Greyfriars Bobby) and the UK in 2006, and directed by John Henderson.	The Adventures of Greyfriars Bobby	John Henderson
director	Unfreedom (Hindi: Dagh Ujala) is a 2014 Indian drama film by Raj Amit Kumar, which was released in North America on 29 May 2015.	Unfreedom	Raj Amit Kumar
director	What to Do in Case of Fire? (German: Was tun, wenn's brennt?) is a German film directed by Gregor Schnitzler.	What to Do in Case of Fire?	Gregor Schnitzler
director	Sun Don't Shine is a 2012 independent thriller film written and directed by Amy Seimetz.	Sun Don't Shine	Amy Seimetz
director	Dog Star Man is a series of short experimental films, all directed by Stan Brakhage:	Dog Star Man	Stan Brakhage
director	Kora Kagaz (Hindi: कोरा कागज़; translation: Blank Paper) is a 1974 Hindi drama film produced by Sanath Kothari and directed by Anil Ganguly.	Kora Kagaz	Anil Ganguly
director	Far til fire med fuld musik is a 1961 Danish family film directed by Alice O'Fredericks and Robert Saaskin.	Far til fire med fuld musik	Alice O'Fredericks
director	One Nine Nine Four is a documentary film written and directed by Jai Al-Attas, ``exploring the birth, growth and eventual tipping point of punk rock during the 90s'' and produced by the independent Australian company Robot Academy Films.	One Nine Nine Four	Jai Al-Attas
director	A Homespun Vamp is a 1922 American drama silent film directed by Frank O'Connor and written by Harvey F. Thew and Hector Turnbull.	A Homespun Vamp	Frank O'Connor
director	The Girl and the Boy (French:La fille et le garçon) is a 1931 comedy film directed by Roger Le Bon and Wilhelm Thiele and starring Lilian Harvey, Henri Garat and Lucien Baroux.	The Girl and the Boy	Wilhelm Thiele
director	Man Under Cover is a 1922 American crime film directed by Tod Browning.	Man Under Cover	Tod Browning
director	The Younger Generation is a 1929 part-talkie drama film directed by Frank Capra.	The Younger Generation	Frank Capra
director	The Strange Case of Clara Deane is a 1932 American Pre-Code drama film directed by Louis J. Gasnier and Max Marcin and written by Max Marcin.	The Strange Case of Clara Deane	Louis J. Gasnier
director	The Skipper Surprised His Wife is a 1950 film directed by Elliott Nugent.	The Skipper Surprised His Wife	Elliott Nugent
director	Like Mike is a 2002 American comedy film directed by John Schultz and written by Michael Elliot and Jordan Moffet.	Like Mike	John Schultz
director	Riders of Black Mountain is a 1940 Western film directed by Sam Newfield, under his pseudonym of Peter Stewart.	Riders of Black Mountain	Sam Newfield
director	Kickin' the Crown Around is a 1933 American Pre-Code film featuring the comedy team Clark and McCullough and directed by Sam White.	Kickin' the Crown Around	Sam White
director	The Rats Woke Up (Serbian: Buđenje pacova) is a 1967 Yugoslavian drama film directed by Živojin Pavlović.	The Rats Woke Up	Živojin Pavlović
director	Daughters of Pharmacist Kim (Hangul: 김약국의 딸들; RR: Kim yakgukjib daldeul) is a 1963 South Korean film by Yu Hyun-mok portraying sibling rivalry and the troubled marriages of four sisters.	Daughters of Pharmacist Kim	Yu Hyun-mok
director	Tin Pan Alley Cats is a 1943 animated short subject, directed by Bob Clampett for Leon Schlesinger Productions as part of Warner Bros.' Merrie Melodies series.	Tin Pan Alley Cats	Bob Clampett
director	Sandra, la mujer de fuego (Sandra, The Woman of Fire) is a Mexican-Cuban drama film directed by Juan Orol.	Sandra, la mujer de fuego	Juan Orol
director	Chenchu Lakshmi is a 1958 bilingual Telugu and Tamil film directed by B. A. Subba Rao.	Chenchu Lakshmi	B. A. Subba Rao
director	Szindbád (also known as Szinbád / Sindbad /Sinbad) is a 1971 Hungarian film directed by Zoltán Huszárik, and based on short stories by the writer Gyula Krúdy.	Szindbád	Zoltán Huszárik
director	His Dearest Possession is a 1919 British drama film directed by Henry Edwards and starring Edwards, Chrissie White and John MacAndrews.	His Dearest Possession	Henry Edwards
director	Toward the Unknown was directed by Mervyn LeRoy and written by Beirne Lay, Jr. who had also penned the novel and screenplay for Twelve O'Clock High (1949), and later screenplays for Above and Beyond (1952) and Strategic Air Command (1955).	Toward the Unknown	Mervyn LeRoy
director	You Must Be Joking Too! is a 1987 South African comedy film directed by Leon Schuster and produced by Elmo de Witt.The film has bean music composed by Johan van Rensburg.	You Must Be Joking Too!	Leon Schuster
director	Mr. Freedom is a 1969 film by the expatriate American photographer and filmmaker William Klein.	Mr. Freedom	William Klein
director	Mary Jane's Mishap; or, Don't Fool with the Paraffin is a 1903 British short silent comedy film, directed by George Albert Smith, depicting Disaster follows when housemaid Mary Jane uses paraffin to light the kitchen stove.	Mary Jane's Mishap	George Albert Smith
director	Killer Fish is a 1979 Italian-French-Brazilian horror film directed by Antonio Margheriti.	Killer Fish	Antonio Margheriti
director	Shree Shree Mahalaxmi Puja (Odia: ଶ୍ରୀ ଶ୍ରୀ ମହାଲଖ୍ମି ପୁଜା) is a 1959 Indian Oriya mythological film directed by Biswanath Nayak.	Shree Shree Mahalaxmi Puja	Biswanath Nayak
director	Sasura Ghara Zindabad (Odia: ଶଶୁର ଘର ଜିଂଦାବାଦ୍) is a 2010 Oriya film screenplay & directed by Sanjay Nayak.	Sasura Ghara Zindabad	Sanjay Nayak
director	They Found a Cave is a 1962 Australian children's adventure film directed by Andrew Steane.	They Found a Cave	Andrew Steane
director	The Young Fritz (Russian: Юный Фриц) is a 1943 Soviet film directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg based on a short satiric poem by Samuil Marshak.	The Young Fritz	Grigori Kozintsev	Leonid Trauberg
director	Noesa Penida ((nuˈsa pəˈnida); Perfected Spelling Nusa Penida) is a 1941 film from the Dutch East Indies (present-day Indonesia) which was directed by Andjar Asmara and produced by The Teng Chun of Java Industrial FIlm.	Noesa Penida	Andjar Asmara
director	Golden Legs (Spanish:Piernas de oro) is a 1958 Mexican comedy sports film directed by Alejandro Galindo and starring Antonio Espino, Tere Velázquez and Marco de Carlo.	Golden Legs	Alejandro Galindo
director	American Teacher is a 2011 documentary film co-directed by Vanessa Roth and Brian McGinn and produced by The Teacher Salary Project.	American Teacher	Vanessa Roth
director	Knerten (English title: Twigson) is a Norwegian film from 2009 directed by Åsleik Engmark, based on the children's books by author Anne-Cath.	Knerten	Åsleik Engmark
director	The Black Raven is a 1943 American film directed by Sam Newfield, produced and released by Producers Distributing Corporation.	The Black Raven	Sam Newfield
director	The Blue Mansion is the second film from director Glen Goei.	The Blue Mansion	Glen Goei
director	Mientras haya un circo is a 1958 Argentine comedy film directed by Carlos F. Borcosque and starring Adrianita and Carlos Borsani.	Mientras haya un circo	Carlos F. Borcosque
director	Adwaytham (literal meaning: Non-duality) is a 1992 Malayalam political crime thriller film directed by Priyadarshan and written by T. Damodaran.	Adwaytham	Priyadarshan
director	Andy Hardy's Double Life is a 1942 comedy film directed by George B. Seitz.	Andy Hardy's Double Life	George B. Seitz
director	Agent X-77 Orders to Kill (French: Baraka sur X 13, Spanish: Operación Silencio, Italian: Agente X77 ordine di uccidere, also known as Baraka for Secret Service) is a 1966 French-Spanish-Italian spy film directed by Maurice Cloche and starring Gérard Barray and Sylva Koscina.	Agent X-77 Orders to Kill	Maurice Cloche
director	Kathayariyathe is a 1981 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Mohan and produced by A Raghunath.	Kathayariyathe	Mohan
director	Somebody Killed Her Husband is a 1978 comedy/mystery film directed by Lamont Johnson and written by Reginald Rose.	Somebody Killed Her Husband	Lamont Johnson
director	Adventure in Music is a 1944 American musical film directed by Reginald Le Borg and Ernst Matray.	Adventure in Music	Reginald Le Borg
director	Present Indicative (Hungarian: Jelenidő) is a 1972 Hungarian drama film directed by Péter Bacsó.	Present Indicative	Péter Bacsó
director	Shubhayathra (Malayalam: ശുഭയാത്ര, translation: Happy Journey) is a 1990 Malayalam-language romantic drama film directed by Kamal and written by Ranjith.	Shubhayathra	Kamal
director	La jiao jiao shi is a 2000 Hong Kong drama film directed by Frankie Chan and produced by David Chan.	La jiao jiao shi	Frankie Chan
director	The Eye of Vichy (French: ``L'Œil de Vichy'') is a 1993 film directed by Claude Chabrol.	The Eye of Vichy	Claude Chabrol
director	Tiger on Beat (老虎出更), also known as Tiger on the Beat is a 1988 Hong Kong action-comedy film directed by Lau Kar-leung.	Tiger on Beat	Lau Kar-leung
director	Picture Brides is a 1933 American Pre-Code adventure film, directed by Phil Rosen.	Picture Brides	Phil Rosen
director	From Prada to Nada is an American romantic comedy film directed by Angel Gracia and produced by Gary Gilbert, Linda McDonough, Gigi Pritzker and Chris Ranta.	From Prada to Nada	Angel Gracia
director	Citizen Mavzik is a 2006 direct-to-video film from Vilalan Productions, and directed by independent filmmaker Alan Melikdjanian.	Citizen Mavzik	Alan Melikdjanian
director	Die Straße (1923), also known as The Street, is a German silent film, directed by Karl Grune.	Die Straße	Karl Grune
director	The Man in the Silk Hat (French: L'homme au chapeau de soie) is a 1983 French documentary film about the films of the French silent film star Max Linder, directed by his daughter, Maud Linder.	The Man in the Silk Hat	Maud Linder
director	Nitrate Kisses is a 1992 experimental documentary film directed by Barbara Hammer.	Nitrate Kisses	Barbara Hammer
director	Mr. & Mrs. Incredible (San kei hap lui 神奇俠侶) is a 2011 Chinese-Hong Kong film directed by Vincent Kok.	Mr. & Mrs. Incredible	Vincent Kok
director	Young and Dangerous 4 (Chinese: 97古惑仔之戰無不勝; Literal Title 97 Wise Guys: No War Cannot Be Won) is a 1997 Hong Kong triad film directed by Andrew Lau.	Young and Dangerous 4	Andrew Lau
director	La madama, also known as Sexycop, is a 1976 Italian crime comedy film directed by Duccio Tessari.	La madama	Duccio Tessari
director	The Hanseatics (German:Hanseaten) is a 1925 German silent film directed by Gerhard Lamprecht and starring Tamara Karsavina, Fritz Alberti and Hermine Sterler.	The Hanseatics	Gerhard Lamprecht
director	Kizhakkum Merkkum (English: East and West) is a 1998 Tamil drama film directed by Kalanjiyam.	Kizhakkum Merkkum	Kalanjiyam
director	Father Came Too! is a 1963 British comedy film directed by Peter Graham Scott.	Father Came Too!	Peter Graham Scott
director	Adultery Tree (Hangul: 자녀목; RR: Janyeomok) is a 1985 South Korean film directed by Jung Jin-woo.	Adultery Tree	Jung Jin-woo
director	Being Charlie is a 2015 American drama film directed by Rob Reiner and written by Matt Elisofon and Nick Reiner.	Being Charlie	Rob Reiner
director	Wild Wild West is a 1999 American steampunk western action-comedy film directed by Barry Sonnenfeld.	Wild Wild West	Barry Sonnenfeld
director	Mohan Joshi Hazir Ho! (Summons for Mohan Joshi ) is a 1984 Hindi art film, made by Saeed Akhtar Mirza, based on his own story, during the Parallel Cinema period of Indian cinema.	Mohan Joshi Hazir Ho!	Saeed Akhtar Mirza
director	I Was a Child of Holocaust Survivors is a 2010 animated film by Ann Marie Fleming based on 2006 autobiographical graphic novel by Bernice Eisenstein.	I Was a Child of Holocaust Survivors	Ann Marie Fleming
director	Christopher Strong (aka The Great Desire and The White Moth) is a 1933 American Pre-Code film, produced by RKO and directed by Dorothy Arzner.	Christopher Strong	Dorothy Arzner
director	Rozstanie (English title: Goodbye to the Past) is a Polish psychological melodrama film released in 1961, directed by Wojciech Jerzy Has.	Rozstanie	Wojciech Jerzy Has
director	Thirumal Perumai (தமிழ்: திருமால் பெருமை) is a Tamil-language film, directed by A. P. Nagarajan and released in 1968.	Thirumal Perumai	A. P. Nagarajan
director	The Mysterious Monsters (also known as Bigfoot: The Mysterious Monster) is a 1976 documentary film written and directed by Robert Guenette about the cryptids Bigfoot, the Loch Ness Monster, and the Yeti.	The Mysterious Monsters	Robert Guenette
director	Liberté I is a 1962 French-Senegalese film directed by Yves Ciampi.	Liberté I	Yves Ciampi
director	Was She Guilty? (Dutch: Gij zult niet dooden) (1922) is a British-Dutch silent crime film directed by George Beranger.	Was She Guilty?	George Beranger
director	Keezh Vaanam Sivakkum (Tamil: கீழ்வானம் சிவக்கும்) is a 1981 Indian Tamil language film, directed by Muktha Srinivasan and produced by S. Ravi.	Keezh Vaanam Sivakkum	Muktha Srinivasan
director	Mean Guns is a 1997 action film starring Ice-T, Christopher Lambert, Michael Halsey, Deborah Van Valkenburgh, and Hunter Doughty; directed by Albert Pyun.	Mean Guns	Albert Pyun
director	Beluvalada Madilalli (Kannada: ಬೆಳುವಲದ ಮಡಿಲಲ್ಲಿ) is a 1975 Indian Kannada film, directed by Geethapriya and produced by Smt Vanajakshi Devaraj.	Beluvalada Madilalli	Geethapriya
director	Under the Glacier (Icelandic: Kristnihald undir Jökli) is a 1989 Icelandic drama film directed by Guðný Halldórsdóttir.	Under the Glacier	Guðný Halldórsdóttir
director	Periya Idathu Penn (Tamil: பெரிய இடத்துப் பெண்) is a 1963 Tamil language drama film directed by T. R. Ramanna.	Periya Idathu Penn	T. R. Ramanna
director	Priscilla's April Fool Joke is a 1911 American short silent comedy film directed by Frank Powell, starring Florence Barker and featuring Blanche Sweet.	Priscilla's April Fool Joke	Frank Powell
director	Meet Mr. Callaghan is a 1954 British crime drama film directed by Charles Saunders and starring Derrick De Marney.	Meet Mr. Callaghan	Charles Saunders
director	Confessions of a Vice Baron is a 1943 American film directed by S. Roy Luby, William A. O'Connor, Melville Shyer and Herman E. Webber.	Confessions of a Vice Baron	S. Roy Luby	Melville Shyer
director	Vampire Blvd. is a 2004 vampire film that was directed by and stars Scott Shaw.	Vampire Blvd.	Scott Shaw
director	The Notebooks of Memory is the third documentary film in a trilogy by Anne Aghion examining the aftermath of the Rwandan Genocide.	The Notebooks of Memory	Anne Aghion
director	The Nurse from Brooklyn is a 1938 American drama film, directed by S. Sylvan Simon for Universal Pictures.	The Nurse from Brooklyn	S. Sylvan Simon
director	A Love to Hide (French title: Un amour à taire) is a French film made for television, directed by Christian Faure, which aired in 2005.	A Love to Hide	Christian Faure
director	Mere Apne (Hindi: मेरे अपने) is a 1971 Hindi film produced by Romu, Raj, and N. C. Sippy and written and directed by Gulzar.	Mere Apne	Gulzar
director	Forgotten Ellis Island is a documentary film directed by Lorie Conway and narrated by Elliott Gould.	Forgotten Ellis Island	Lorie Conway
director	Red Zone Cuba, also known as Night Train to Mundo Fine, is a 1966 American drama film directed by Coleman Francis, who also wrote, produced, and played the starring role.	Red Zone Cuba	Coleman Francis
director	Susant Mishra's Indradhanura Chhai (Shadows of the Rainbow ) shows how urbanization and the consequent rise of modern consumerism have affected the traditional social and family structures in Bhubaneswar.	Indradhanura Chhai	Susant Mishra
director	Heroes Are Not Wet Behind the Ears or Les héros n'ont pas froid aux oreilles is a 1979 French comedy film directed by Charles Nemes.	Heroes Are Not Wet Behind the Ears	Charles Nemes
director	Focus, Please! (Czech: Zaostřit, prosím!) is a Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič.	Focus, Please!	Martin Frič
director	Make Me Happy (German:Mach' mich glücklich) is a 1935 German musical comedy film directed by Arthur Robison and starring Julia Serda, Albert Lieven and Richard Romanowsky.	Make Me Happy	Arthur Robison
director	I'd Give My Life is a 1936 American drama film directed by Edwin L. Marin and written by George O'Neil.	I'd Give My Life	Edwin L. Marin
director	Window to Paris (Russian: Окно в Париж) is a 1993 Russian drama film directed by Yuri Mamin.	Window to Paris	Yuri Mamin
director	Ratnamala or Ratna Mala is a 1947 Telugu film produced and directed by P. S. Ramakrishna Rao.	Ratnamala	P. S. Ramakrishna Rao
director	The Deep Six is a 1958 Warner Bros. World War II drama film directed by Rudolph Maté, loosely based on a novel of the same name by Martin Dibner.	The Deep Six	Rudolph Maté
director	Mitasareta seikatsu (Japanese: 充たされた生活) is a 1962 Japanese drama film directed by Susumu Hani.	Mitasareta seikatsu	Susumu Hani
director	Gildersleeve's Ghost is a 1944 American comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas from an original screenplay by Robert E. Kent.	Gildersleeve's Ghost	Gordon Douglas
director	The Girl in Room 20 is a 1949 race film directed by and starring Spencer Williams.	The Girl in Room 20	Spencer Williams
director	Charandas Chor (Charandas the Thief) is a 1975 children's film by noted director Shyam Benegal, based on the famous play by Habib Tanvir, which itself was an adaptation of a classical Rajasthani folktale by Vijaydan Detha.	Charandas Chor	Shyam Benegal
director	Long Da Lishkara is an Indian Punjabi movie released in 1986, directed and produced by Harpal Tiwana.	Long Da Lishkara	Harpal Tiwana
director	Carnival Sunday (Spanish:Domingo de carnaval) is a 1945 Spanish crime film written, directed and produced by Edgar Neville.	Carnival Sunday	Edgar Neville
director	Los tres huastecos (``The Three Huastecos'') is a 1948 Mexican comedy-drama film directed by Ismael Rodríguez .	Los tres huastecos	Ismael Rodríguez
director	Girl of the Port is a 1930 romantic film, directed by Bert Glennon, from a screenplay by Beulah Marie Dix with dialogue from Frank Reicher.	Girl of the Port	Bert Glennon
director	To Brave Alaska is an American 1996 made-for-TV adventure film directed by Bruce Pittman.	To Brave Alaska	Bruce Pittman
director	Athisayan (Malayalam: അതിശയൻ) is a 2007 Malayalam science fiction film directed by Vinayan, starring Master Devadas, Jackie Shroff, Jayasurya and Kavya Madhavan in the lead roles.	Athisayan	Vinayan
director	The Soul of Broadway was a 1915 American silent crime drama film produced and distributed by the Fox Film Corporation and directed by Herbert Brenon.	The Soul of Broadway	Herbert Brenon
director	They're Always Caught is a 1938 American short crime film directed by Harold S. Bucquet.	They're Always Caught	Harold S. Bucquet
director	Blood of the Losers (Italian: Il sangue dei vinti, also known as The Blood of the Victims) is a 2008 Italian war-drama film directed by Michele Soavi.	Blood of the Losers	Michele Soavi
director	Take This Lollipop is a 2011 interactive horror short film and Facebook app, written and directed by Jason Zada, which uses the Facebook Connect application to bring viewers themselves into the film, through use of pictures and messages from their own Facebook profiles.	Take This Lollipop	Jason Zada
director	The Killer Shrews is a 1959 science fiction film directed by Ray Kellogg.	The Killer Shrews	Ray Kellogg
director	The Kurnell Story is a 1957 industrial film directed by Ken G. Hall about the construction of the Kurnell Oil Refinery in Sydney.	The Kurnell Story	Ken G. Hall
director	The Gore Gore Girls is a 1972 splatter film directed by Herschell Gordon Lewis.	The Gore Gore Girls	Herschell Gordon Lewis
director	Seclusion Near a Forest (Czech: Na samotě u lesa) is a 1976 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Jiří Menzel.	Seclusion Near a Forest	Jiří Menzel
director	Hang Your Dog in the Wind was the first feature film of Brian Flemming.	Hang Your Dog in the Wind	Brian Flemming
director	Finally Alone (Konecne sami) is a 1940 Czechoslovak comedy film, directed by Miroslav Cikán.	Finally Alone	Miroslav Cikán
director	It Felt Like Love is a 2013 independent drama film, the first feature film directed by Eliza Hittman.	It Felt Like Love	Eliza Hittman
director	Thillana Mohanambal (English: The Dance Queen Mohanambal) is a 1968 Indian Tamil musical-drama film written, directed, distributed and produced by A. P. Nagarajan.	Thillana Mohanambal	A. P. Nagarajan
director	Adimaippenn (English: Slave Girl) is a 1969 Indian Tamil peplum film directed by K. Shankar.	Adimaippenn	K. Shankar
director	Lakshmi Nivasa (Kannada: ಲಕ್ಷ್ಮೀ ನಿವಾಸ) is a 1977 Indian Kannada film, directed by K. S. R. Das and produced by B H Jayanna, B J L Prakash and Smt B J Kasthuri.	Lakshmi Nivasa	K. S. R. Das
director	God Said Ha! is a 1998 film that was written and directed by Julia Sweeney, who was also the movie's star.	God Said Ha!	Julia Sweeney
director	The Papal Chase is a 2004 Canadian micro-budget feature-length guerrilla-style mockumentary directed by Kenny Hotz of Kenny vs. Spenny fame, and written by Hotz and Paul Johnson.	The Papal Chase	Kenny Hotz
director	Yatheem is a 1977 Indian Malayalam film, directed by M. Krishnan Nair and produced by TE Vasudevan.	Yatheem	M. Krishnan Nair
director	Urchagam (Tamil: உற்சாகம், English: Refreshment) is a Tamil film directed by Ravichandran who earlier directed Prashanth starrer Kannethire Thondrinaal and Majnu.	Urchagam	Ravichandran
director	The Night the Animals Talked was produced by Gino Gavioli and Roberto Gavioli's Gamma Film of Milan, Italy, and was directed by animation veteran Shamus Culhane.	The Night the Animals Talked	Shamus Culhane
director	Blind Guys (Hungarian: Vakvagányok) is a 2001 Hungarian drama film directed by Péter Tímár.	Blind Guys	Péter Tímár
director	Mine Your Own Business is a 2006 documentary film directed and produced by Phelim McAleer and Ann McElhinney about the Roșia Montană mining project.	Mine Your Own Business	Phelim McAleer	Ann McElhinney
director	Trouble at Timpetill (French: Les Enfants de Timpelbach) is a 2008 French fantasy adventure film written and directed by Nicolas Bary, based on the novel of the same name by Henry Winterfeld.	Trouble at Timpetill	Nicolas Bary
director	Kung Fu Angels (Chinese: 精武青春) is a 2014 Hong Kong-Chinese romantic comedy film directed by Herman Yau.	Kung Fu Angels	Herman Yau
director	Born Bad is a 2011 American crime thriller film written and directed by Jared Cohn.	Born Bad	Jared Cohn
director	The Box of Life (Arabic: Sunduq al-dunyâ‎, French: Coffre de la vie) is a 2002 Syrian-French drama film directed by Usama Muhammad.	The Box of Life	Usama Muhammad
director	Tamango is a 1958 French/Italian film directed by John Berry, a black-listed American director who exiled himself to Europe.	Tamango	John Berry
director	Web of Danger is a 1947 American action film directed by Philip Ford and written by David Lang and Milton Raison.	Web of Danger	Philip Ford
director	The Iron Mask is a 1929 American part-talkie adventure film directed by Allan Dwan.	The Iron Mask	Allan Dwan
director	The Port of Missing Girls is a 1928 silent film directed by Irving Cummings.	The Port of Missing Girls	Irving Cummings
director	The Pursuit of Pamela is a 1920 British silent comedy drama film directed by Harold M. Shaw, starring Edna Flugrath, Templar Powell and Douglas Munro, and based on a play by C. B. Fernald.	The Pursuit of Pamela	Harold M. Shaw
director	Ghost of the China Sea is a 1958 film co-written by Charles B. Griffith set during World War II. It was the last movie directed by Fred F. Sears who died of a heart attack in 1957.	Ghost of the China Sea	Fred F. Sears
director	Sun Seekers (German: Sonnensucher) is an East German film, directed by Konrad Wolf during 1958.	Sun Seekers	Konrad Wolf
director	Gejje Pooje (Kannada: ಗೆಜ್ಜೆ ಪೂಜೆ) is a 1969 Indian Kannada language film directed by Puttanna Kanagal and produced by Rashi Brothers.	Gejje Pooje	Puttanna Kanagal
director	For A Woman's Honor is a lost 1919 silent film drama directed by Park Frame.	For A Woman's Honor	Park Frame
director	The Pope's Toilet (Spanish: El Baño del Papa) is a 2007 Uruguayan film directed by César Charlone and Enrique Fernandez, starring César Troncoso, Virginia Méndez, and Mario Silva.	The Pope's Toilet	César Charlone
director	Tango Charlie is a 2005 bollywood, war film written and directed by Mani Shankar.	Tango Charlie	Mani Shankar
director	Together Brothers is a 1974 American film directed by William A. Graham.	Together Brothers	William A. Graham
director	Toonpur Ka Super Hero (Translation: Toonpur's Super Hero) is a 2010 3D animation film written by Raaghi Bhatnagar and directed by Kireet Khurana.	Toonpur Ka Super Hero	Kireet Khurana
director	Only a Viennese Woman Kisses Like That (German:So küsst nur eine Wienerin) is a 1928 German silent film directed by Arthur Bergen and starring Werner Fuetterer, Grete Graal and Erna Morena.	Only a Viennese Woman Kisses Like That	Arthur Bergen
director	Mommy Is at the Hairdresser's (French: Maman est chez le coiffeur) is a 2008 drama directed by Léa Pool.	Mommy Is at the Hairdresser's	Léa Pool
director	Aranyadalli Abhimanyu (Kannada: ಅರಣ್ಯದಲ್ಲಿ ಅಭಿಮನ್ಯು) is a 1991 Indian Kannada film, directed by H. R. Bhargava and produced by S P Rajashekar.	Aranyadalli Abhimanyu	H. R. Bhargava
director	Shimkent hôtel is a 2003 French fictional film directed and written by Charles de Meaux who co-wrote music score with Vladimir Karoev and Pierre Mikaïloff.	Shimkent hôtel	Charles de Meaux
director	The Last Cartridges (French: Les Dernières Cartouches, also released as Bombardement d'une Maison; Star Film Catalogue no. 105) is an 1897 French short silent film directed by Georges Méliès, based on the 1873 painting of the same name by Alphonse de Neuville.	The Last Cartridges	Georges Méliès
director	Under the Crescent is a 1915 American drama film serial directed by Burton L. King, starring Ola Humphrey, and released by Universal.	Under the Crescent	Burton L. King
director	Parama Veera Chakra is a 2011 Telugu war drama film directed by Dasari Narayana Rao and produced by C. Kalyan under the Teja Cinema banner.	Parama Veera Chakra	Dasari Narayana Rao
director	Priyatama is a 1977 light musical Bollywood film produced by T.C.Dewan, directed by Basu Chatterjee.	Priyatama	Basu Chatterjee
director	Zeus and Roxanne is a 1997 family comedy/adventure film directed by George T. Miller.	Zeus and Roxanne	George T. Miller
director	The Crown of the Russian Empire, or Once Again the Elusive Avengers (Russian: Корона Российской Империи, или Снова Неуловимые; translit. Korona Rossiyskoy Imperii, ili Snova Neulovimye) is a 1971 Soviet action movie, a second sequel of The Elusive Avengers, directed by Edmond Keosayan and made on Mosfilm.	The Crown of the Russian Empire, or Once Again the Elusive Avengers	Edmond Keosayan
director	Theeya Velai Seiyyanum Kumaru (English: You have got to work like fire, Kumar!) is a 2013 Tamil romantic comedy film co-produced and directed by Sundar C. and produced by Kushboo Sundar starring Siddharth, Hansika Motwani and Ganesh Venkatraman, with Santhanam as a comedian.	Theeya Velai Seiyyanum Kumaru	Sundar C.
director	Some Kind of Beautiful (Canadian title: How to Make Love Like an Englishman, UK title: Lessons in Love) is a 2014 comedy/romance film written by Matthew Newman and directed by Tom Vaughan.	Some Kind of Beautiful	Tom Vaughan
director	Candida, Millionairess (Spanish: Cándida millonaria) is a 1941 Argentine musical comedy film directed by Luis Bayón Herrera.	Candida, Millionairess	Luis Bayón Herrera
director	Document of the Dead is a 1979 documentary film by American filmmaker Roy Frumkes that was largely shot during the production of the 1978 film Dawn of the Dead.	Document of the Dead	Roy Frumkes
director	Héroes sin fama is a 1940 Argentine comedy-drama film directed by Mario Soffici.	Héroes sin fama	Mario Soffici
director	Elias rekefisker (English: Elias the shrimp fisher) is a 1958 Norwegian family film directed by Jan Erik Düring, starring Kristian Løvlie and Eva Svendsen.	Elias rekefisker	Jan Erik Düring
director	Nijam (English: Truth) is a 2003 Telugu, crime film produced & directed by Teja on Chitram Movies banner.	Nijam	Teja
director	Mientras Buenos Aires duerme is a 1924 silent Argentine film directed and written by José A. Ferreyra.	Mientras Buenos Aires duerme	José A. Ferreyra
director	Flesh Color (French: Couleur Chair) is a 35 mm film by François Weyergans (Prix Goncourt 2005).	Flesh Color	François Weyergans
director	Daivanamathil is a 2005 Malayalam film directed by Jayaraj.	Daivanamathil	Jayaraj
director	Man on a String is a 1960 film drama directed by André de Toth, loosely based on the life of Boris Morros.	Man on a String	André de Toth
director	Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu (English: One me, and one you) is a 2012 Indian romantic comedy film written and directed by Shakun Batra in his directorial debut.	Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu	Shakun Batra
director	Marshal of Amarillo is a 1948 American Western film directed by Philip Ford and written by Robert Creighton Williams.	Marshal of Amarillo	Philip Ford
director	A Matter of Morals is a 1961 American drama film directed by John Cromwell and written by John D. Hess.	A Matter of Morals	John Cromwell
director	Cracked Nuts is a 1931 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by Edward F. Cline, from an original screenplay written by Al Boasberg and Ralph Spence.	Cracked Nuts	Edward F. Cline
director	Quiet Night In is a 2005 New Zealand film written, produced and directed by Christopher Banks.	Quiet Night In	Christopher Banks
director	The Private Life of the Gannets is a 1934 British short documentary film, directed by Julian Huxley, about a colony of Northern Gannet (Morus bassanus) on the small rocky island of Grassholm, off the coast of Wales.	The Private Life of the Gannets	Julian Huxley
director	Alex Holeh Ahavah (Hebrew: אלכס חולה אהבה‎, English: Alex Is Lovesick) is an Israeli cult film directed by Boaz Davidson which was released in 1986.	Alex Holeh Ahavah	Boaz Davidson
director	Spoilers of the West is a 1927 American Western silent film directed by W. S. Van Dyke and written by Joseph Farnham, Madeleine Ruthven and Ross B. Wills.	Spoilers of the West	W. S. Van Dyke
director	The Year of The Rabbit (Spanish: El Año del conejo) is a 1987 Argentine comedy drama film directed by Fernando Ayala and written by Oscar Viale.	The Year of The Rabbit	Fernando Ayala
director	Princess Olala (German:Prinzessin Olala) is a 1928 German silent drama film directed by Robert Land and starring Carmen Boni, Walter Rilla, Marlene Dietrich and Hans Albers.	Princess Olala	Robert Land
director	The Kansas Terrors is a 1939 American Western ``Three Mesquiteers'' B-movie directed by George Sherman.	The Kansas Terrors	George Sherman
director	Prokurator Alicja Horn is a 1933 Polish film directed by Marta Flanz and Michał Waszyński.	Prokurator Alicja Horn	Michał Waszyński
director	The Burnt Theatre, or Les Artistes du Théâtre Brûlé, is a 2005 French-Cambodian docudrama directed and co-written by Rithy Panh.	The Burnt Theatre	Rithy Panh
director	Nageswari is a 2001 Tamil devotional film written and directed by Rama Narayanan.	Nageswari	Rama Narayanan
director	Méfiez-vous, mesdames! (English title: Be Careful Ladies) is a 1963 French comedy film directed by André Hunebelle.	Méfiez-vous, mesdames	André Hunebelle
director	Who Is Clark Rockefeller? is a 2010 American police procedural television film directed by Mikael Salomon and written and co-produced by Edithe Swensen.	Who Is Clark Rockefeller?	Mikael Salomon
director	Bettada Jeeva is a National Award winning (2011) Kannada film directed by P. Sheshadri starring Suchendra Prasad, Rameshwari Varma and H. G. Dattatreya.	Bettada Jeeva	P. Sheshadri
director	Meeting Spencer is a 2010 film directed by Malcolm Mowbray.	Meeting Spencer	Malcolm Mowbray
director	Battle Taxi is a 1955 American aviation drama film directed by Herbert L. Strock and written by Malvin Wald.	Battle Taxi	Herbert L. Strock
director	Jalisco Sings in Seville (Spanish:Jalisco canta en Sevilla) (1949) is a Mexican film directed by Fernando de Fuentes, starring Jorge Negrete.	Jalisco Sings in Seville	Fernando de Fuentes
director	The Invincible Gladiator (Italian: Il gladiatore invincibile, Spanish: El gladiador invencible) is a 1961 Italian/Spanish film directed by Alberto De Martino and Antonio Momplet.	The Invincible Gladiator	Alberto De Martino	Antonio Momplet
director	Noorie is a 1979 Hindi movie produced by Yash Chopra, and directed by Manmohan Krishna, who was a noted character actor of the 1950s and 1960s, this was his only film.	Noorie	Manmohan Krishna
director	The Palace of the Arabian Nights (French: Le Palais des mille et une nuits) is a 1905 silent fantasy film directed by Georges Méliès.	The Palace of the Arabian Nights	Georges Méliès
director	The Lion of Thebes (Italian: Il leone di Tebe, French: Hélène, reine de Troie) is a 1964 Italian-French peplum film written and directed by Giorgio Ferroni.	The Lion of Thebes	Giorgio Ferroni
director	Light in the Window (also known as Light in the Window: The Art of Vermeer) is a 1952 short film directed by Jean Oser.	Light in the Window	Jean Oser
director	Amreeka is a 2009 independent film written and directed by first-time director Cherien Dabis.	Amreeka	Cherien Dabis
director	Maa Inti Mahalakshmi is a 1959 Telugu, family drama film, directed by Gutha Ramineedu and produced by Parvathaneni Gangadhara Rao.	Maa Inti Mahalakshmi	Gutha Ramineedu
director	From Hell It Came is a 1957 American horror film and science fiction film directed by Dan Milner and written by Jack Milner.	From Hell It Came	Dan Milner
director	Flesheater, sometimes written as FleshEater or Flesh Eater, is a low budget 1988 independent horror film, specifically a zombie film, by Bill Hinzman.	Flesheater	Bill Hinzman
director	The Edge of the Abyss is a lost 1915 silent drama film directed by Walter Edwards and distributed by Triangle Film Corporation.	The Edge of the Abyss	Walter Edwards
director	Beau Ideal is a 1931 American Pre-Code adventure film directed by Herbert Brenon and released by RKO Radio Pictures.	Beau Ideal	Herbert Brenon
director	Kikos (Armenian: Կիկոս) is a Soviet Armenian comedy and war film, directed in 1931 by Patvakan Barkhudaryan and starring Hambartsum Khachanyan, Hrachia Nersisyan and Avet Avetisyan	Kikos	Patvakan Barkhudaryan
director	Always Audacious is a 1920 American silent romance film directed by James Cruze and written by Thomas J. Geraghty.	Always Audacious	James Cruze
director	Jeevana Jokali (Kannada: ಜೀವನ ಜೋಕಾಲಿ) is a 1972 Indian Kannada film, directed by Geethapriya.	Jeevana Jokali	Geethapriya
director	Pratisaad - The Response is Indian marathi film directed by Yogesh Dattatraya Gosavi which was released in May 2010 and won best feature film award and critically acclaimed allover.	Pratisaad - The Response	Yogesh Dattatraya Gosavi
director	Dr. Pyckle and Mr. Pryde is a 1925 silent, black-and-white comedy film, directed by Scott Pembroke and Joe Rock (also the producer).	Dr. Pyckle and Mr. Pryde	Scott Pembroke	Joe Rock
director	Edie & Pen, also known as Desert Gamble, is a 1996 film that was directed by Matthew Irmas and written by Victoria Tennant.	Edie & Pen	Matthew Irmas
director	Canne mozze (``Sawed-off Shotgun'') is a 1977 Italian crime-thriller film written and directed by Mario Imperoli.	Canne mozze	Mario Imperoli
director	The Reconstruction of William Zero is a 2014 American science fiction film directed by Dan Bush, written by Bush and Conal Byrne, and starring Byrne and Amy Seimetz.	The Reconstruction of William Zero	Dan Bush
director	Ella, él y sus millones is a 1944 Spanish comedy film written and directed by Juan de Orduña.	Ella, él y sus millones	Juan de Orduña
director	Dinosaurus! is a 1960 science fiction film directed by Irvin Yeaworth and produced by Jack H. Harris.	Dinosaurus!	Irvin Yeaworth
director	The Man with the Iron Fists 2 is a 2015 American direct-to-video martial arts action film directed by Roel Reiné and written by RZA and John Jarrell.	The Man with the Iron Fists 2	Roel Reiné
director	She Who Must Burn is a 2015 horror thriller film that was directed by Larry Kent.	She Who Must Burn	Larry Kent
director	Inqilab is a 2008 Indian documentary film directed by Gauhar Raza, about Indian freedom fighter, Bhagat Singh, co-produced by Nehru Memorial Museum and Library (NMML) and Act Now for Harmony and Democracy (ANHAD) in connection with birth centenary Bhagat Singh.	Inqilab	Gauhar Raza
director	The Navy Aviator is a 1914 American silent short drama film written by Lorimer Johnston and directed by Sydney Ayres.	The Navy Aviator	Sydney Ayres
director	Slave of Dreams is a 1995 TV film based on the story of Joseph in the Bible, directed by Robert M. Young, produced by Dino De Laurentiis and Martha De Laurentiis and written by Ron Hutchinson.	Slave of Dreams	Robert M. Young
director	Men Prefer Fat Girls (Les hommes préfèrent les grosses) is a French comedy film directed by Jean-Marie Poiré.	Men Prefer Fat Girls	Jean-Marie Poiré
director	The Strange House (Chinese: 通灵之六世古宅) is a 2015 Chinese 3D horror thriller film directed by Danny Pang Phat.	The Strange House	Danny Pang Phat
director	Nasib Si Labu Labi (The Fate of Labu and Labi, colloquially ``What Happened to Labu and Labi'') is a 1962 Malaysian buddy comedy film directed by and starring P. Ramlee.	Nasib Si Labu Labi	P. Ramlee
director	Chaar Din Ki Chandni (English: 4 nights of moonlight) is a 2012 Hindi romantic comedy film directed and produced by Samir Karnik.	Chaar Din Ki Chandni	Samir Karnik
director	Voice of a Murderer (Hangul: 그놈 목소리; RR: Geunom moksori; lit. ``His Voice'') is a 2007 South Korean crime thriller-drama film written and directed by Park Jin-pyo, starring Sol Kyung-gu and Kim Nam-joo.	Voice of a Murderer	Park Jin-pyo
director	They Staked Their Lives (Swedish: Med livet som insats) is a 1940 Swedish drama film directed by Alf Sjöberg.	They Staked Their Lives	Alf Sjöberg
director	Six Months of Life (Spanish:Seis meses de vida) is a 1951 Venezuelan drama film directed by Víctor Urruchúa.	Six Months of Life	Víctor Urruchúa
director	Trouble the Water is a 2008 documentary film produced and directed by Tia Lessin and Carl Deal, producers of Fahrenheit 9/11.	Trouble the Water	Tia Lessin	Carl Deal
director	The Longshot is a 1986 comedy film directed by Paul Bartel and starring Tim Conway.	The Longshot	Paul Bartel
director	Calzonzin Inspector is a 1974 Mexican comedy film and live action comic adaptation directed and starred by Alfonso Arau.	Calzonzin Inspector	Alfonso Arau
director	The Top of New York is a lost 1922 American silent drama film directed by William Desmond Taylor and written by George James Hopkins, Julia Crawford Ivers and Sonya Levien.	The Top of New York	William Desmond Taylor
director	À toute allure is a 1982 French drama film directed by Robert Kramer.	À toute allure	Robert Kramer
director	Today for the Last Time (Czech: Dnes naposled) is a 1958 Czech drama film directed by Martin Frič.	Today for the Last Time	Martin Frič
director	13 Going on 30 (known as Suddenly 30 in Australia and some countries) is a 2004 American romantic comedy fantasy film written by Josh Goldsmith and Cathy Yuspa, and directed by Gary Winick.	13 Going on 30	Gary Winick
director	Flirting with Danger is a 1934 adventure film directed by Vin Moore and starring Robert Armstrong, Edgar Kennedy and William Cagney (James Cagney's lookalike brother).	Flirting with Danger	Vin Moore
director	Bajirao Mastani is a 2015 Indian epic historical romance film directed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali, who also composed the music score of the film.	Bajirao Mastani	Sanjay Leela Bhansali
director	Entotsu no mieru basho (Japanese: 煙突の見える場所) is a 1953 Japanese drama film directed by Heinosuke Gosho.	Entotsu no mieru basho	Heinosuke Gosho
director	Spøgelsestoget (English title: Ghost Train International) is a 1976 Danish family film directed by Bent Christensen.	Ghost Train International	Bent Christensen
director	Looking for Nicolas Sarkozy is a 2011 French documentary film directed by William Karel.	Looking for Nicolas Sarkozy	William Karel
director	Nandini I Love U (Odia: ନଂଦିନୀ ଆଇ ଲଭ୍ ୟୁ) is a 2008 Indian Oriya film directed by Ashok Pati.	Nandini I Love U	Ashok Pati
director	Rolando Rivas, taxista is a 1972-3 Argentine telenovela and a 1974 romantic drama film directed by Julio Saraceni and starring Claudio García Satur and Soledad Silveyra.	Rolando Rivas, taxista	Julio Saraceni
director	Delivered is a 1999 thriller/crime film directed by Guy Ferland.	Delivered	Guy Ferland
director	Gandu Bherunda (Kannada: ಗಂಡು ಭೇರುಂಡ) is a 1984 Indian Kannada language drama film directed by Rajendra Singh Babu.	Gandu Bherunda	Rajendra Singh Babu
director	No Trifling with Love (French: On ne badine pas avec l'amour) is a 1977 French drama film directed by Caroline Huppert.	No Trifling with Love	Caroline Huppert
director	Before the Devil Knows You're Dead is a 2007 crime drama film directed by Sidney Lumet, his last feature film before his death in 2011.	Before the Devil Knows You're Dead	Sidney Lumet
director	Gaali Gopura (Kannada: ಗಾಳಿ ಗೋಪುರ) is a 1962 Kannada film directed and produced by B. R. Panthulu.	Gaali Gopura	B. R. Panthulu
director	The Virgin and the Macho Man (Portuguese: A Virgem e o Machão) is a 1974 Brazilian sex comedy film directed by José Mojica Marins under the pseudonym J. Avelar.	The Virgin and the Macho Man	José Mojica Marins
director	Veeraputhran (Malayalam: വീരപുത്രൻ; English: The Legend) is a 2011 Malayalam historical film directed by P. T. Kunju Muhammed based on the story written by N. P. Mohammed, which is based on the life of Indian Freedom fighter and anti-Colonial activist Mohammed Abdul Rahiman (1898 -- 1945).	Veeraputhran	P. T. Kunju Muhammed
director	Sea Point Days is a 2008 documentary film about the Cape Town suburb of Sea Point, directed by François Verster.	Sea Point Days	François Verster
director	Sand! is a 1920 American silent Western film directed by Lambert Hillyer and written by Lambert Hillyer based upon the Russell A. Boggs short story ``Dan Kurrie's Inning.''	Sand!	Lambert Hillyer
director	Lamhaa (Hindi: लम्हा, Urdu: لمحا‎, translation: Moment) is a Bollywood action thriller film written and directed by Rahul Dholakia, released on 16 July 2010.	Lamhaa	Rahul Dholakia
director	Tendres Cousines (English: Tender Cousins) is an 1980 French film directed by David Hamilton.	Tendres Cousines	David Hamilton
director	Eating Out is a 2004 gay-themed romantic comedy film written and directed by Q. Allan Brocka.	Eating Out	Q. Allan Brocka
director	The Iron Trail is a 1921 American adventure silent film directed by Roy William Neill and written by Dorothy Farnum.	The Iron Trail	Roy William Neill
director	Uthama Purushan is a 1989 Tamil drama film, directed by K. Subash, starring Prabhu, Revathi and Amala in lead roles.	Uthama Purushan	K. Subash
director	Klatretøsen (English: The Climbing Girl) is a 2002 film directed by Hans Fabian Wullenweber.	Klatretøsen	Hans Fabian Wullenweber
director	Yana's Friends (Hebrew: החברים של יאנה, HaHaverim shel Yana‎) is a 1999 Israeli film directed by Arik Kaplun.	Yana's Friends	Arik Kaplun
director	Seeing Hands is a 1943 American short drama film directed by Gunther von Fritsch.	Seeing Hands	Gunther von Fritsch
director	Sleepwalk with Me is a 2012 American independent comedy film written by, directed by, and starring comedian Mike Birbiglia.	Sleepwalk with Me	Mike Birbiglia
director	Woman of Fire (Hangul: 화녀; RR: Hwanyeo) is an award-winning 1971 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki-young.	Woman of Fire	Kim Ki-young
director	Priyamudan (Tamil: ப்ரியமுடன்; English: With Love) is a 1998 Tamil romantic thriller film directed by Vincent Selva.	Priyamudan	Vincent Selva
director	The Possibility of Hope is a 2007 documentary short film directed by Alfonso Cuarón included as an extra in the Special Edition DVD of Cuarón's 2006 film Children of Men.	The Possibility of Hope	Alfonso Cuarón
director	Five of a Kind is a 1938 American comedy film directed by Herbert I. Leeds and written by Lou Breslow and John Patrick.	Five of a Kind	Herbert I. Leeds
director	Uproar in the Studio (simplified Chinese: 大闹画室; traditional Chinese: 大鬧畫室; pinyin: Dà nào huashì) is a black and white Chinese animation short made in 1926 by Wan Laiming and Wan Guchan.	Uproar in the Studio	Wan Laiming	Wan Guchan
director	Lex and Rory is a 1994 Australian film from director Dean Murphy.	Lex and Rory	Dean Murphy
director	Ganadevata (English: The People) is a 1978 Bengali drama film directed by Tarun Majumdar, based on a novel by same name by Tarashankar Bandopadhyay.	Ganadevata	Tarun Majumdar
director	Iniyum Kadha Thudarum is a 1985 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Joshiy and produced by Poorna Chandra Rao.	Iniyum Kadha Thudarum	Joshiy
director	Pithamagan (English: Son of Ancestors) is a 2003 Indian Tamil drama film written and directed by Bala.	Pithamagan	Bala
director	And Sudden Death is a 1936 American drama film directed by Charles Barton and written by Joseph Moncure March.	And Sudden Death	Charles Barton
director	Watch it, Sailor! is a 1961 British comedy film directed by Wolf Rilla and starring Dennis Price, Liz Fraser and Irene Handl.	Watch it, Sailor!	Wolf Rilla
director	20,000 Men a Year is a 1939 American action film directed by Alfred E. Green and written by Lou Breslow and Owen Francis.	20,000 Men a Year	Alfred E. Green
director	Mirandy Smiles is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by William C. deMille and written by Edith M. Kennedy based upon a short story by Belle K. Maniates.	Mirandy Smiles	William C. deMille
director	Thyagabhoomi (English: Land of Sacrifice) is a 1939 film directed and produced by famous film director K. Subramanyam.	Thyagabhoomi	K. Subramanyam
director	Anbalippu (Tamil: அண்பளிப்பு English: Presentation) is a 1969 Indian Tamil film, directed by A. C. Tirulokchandar and produced by S. Gandhiraj.	Anbalippu	A. C. Tirulokchandar
director	Aranmanai 2 is a 2016 Tamil comedy thriller film written and directed by Sundar C. The film stars Sundar C himself, Siddharth, Trisha, Hansika Motwani, Soori, Kovai Sarala and Manobala will be seen in leading roles and with Vaibhav Reddy in a guest appearence.	Aranmanai 2	Sundar C.
director	Paid to Love is a 1927 American silent comedy film directed by Howard Hawks and written by Malcolm Stuart Boylan, William M. Conselman, Benjamin Glazer and Seton I. Miller.	Paid to Love	Howard Hawks
director	Amalio Reyes, un hombre is a 1970 Argentine comedy film directed by Enrique Carreras and written by Norberto Aroldi.	Amalio Reyes, un hombre	Enrique Carreras
director	Listen Lester is a 1924 black-and-white silent film drama/comedy film directed by William A. Seiter, with a screen adaptation by Lewis Milestone and William A. Seiter, based upon the 1918 stage play of the same name.	Listen Lester	William A. Seiter
director	Big Money Hustlas is a 2001 American comedy film directed by John Cafiero as his feature film debut.	Big Money Hustlas	John Cafiero
director	Scenes of City Life is a 1935 Chinese film directed by Yuan Muzhi.	Scenes of City Life	Yuan Muzhi
director	Batman Forever is a 1995 American superhero film directed by Joel Schumacher and produced by Tim Burton, based on the DC Comics character Batman.	Batman Forever	Joel Schumacher
director	Karma Cartel is a Multi-Award-winning, Avant-Garde, Indian (Malayalam film) debut feature film produced and directed by Vinod Bharathan.	Karma Cartel	Vinod Bharathan
director	Rakkayi Koyil is a 1993 Tamil village drama film directed by Manivasagam.	Rakkayi Koyil	Manivasagam
director	The Dancer and the Thief (2009; Spanish: El Baile de la Victoria) is a film directed by Fernando Trueba, produced in Spain and filmed in Chile.	The Dancer and the Thief	Fernando Trueba
director	Lady Helen's Escapade is a short American film produced in 1909, directed by D. W. Griffith.	Lady Helen's Escapade	D. W. Griffith
director	A Nice Neighbor (Hungarian: A kedves szomszéd) is a 1979 Hungarian drama film directed by Zsolt Kézdi-Kovács.	A Nice Neighbor	Zsolt Kézdi-Kovács
director	Limuzīns Jāņu nakts krāsā (A Limousine The Colour Of Midsummer's Eve) is a 1981 Latvian TV-film, a comedy directed by Jānis Streičs.	Limuzīns Jāņu nakts krāsā	Jānis Streičs
director	Guru En Aalu (English: Guru my man) is a 2009 Tamil romantic comedy film directed by Selva.	Guru En Aalu	Selva
director	Anaganaga Oka Roju (English: Once upon a day, Telugu: అనగనగా ఒక రోజు) is a 1997 Telugu Road movie, written and directed by Ram Gopal Varma.	Anaganaga Oka Roju	Ram Gopal Varma
director	Cala, My Dog! is a 2003 Chinese comedy film directed by Lu Xuechang.	Cala, My Dog!	Lu Xuechang
director	Raja Veettu Kannukkutty (Tamil: ராஜா வீட்டு கன்னுக்குட்டி) is a 1984 Indian Tamil film, directed by C. V. Rajendran and produced by P. Ramdass and B. Ramanan.	Raja Veettu Kannukkutty	C. V. Rajendran
director	Twenty8k is a 2012 British thriller film directed by David Kew and Neil Thompson.	Twenty8k	David Kew
director	Pocket Maar is an upcoming Bollywood crime film directed and produced by Ravi Chopra.	Pocket Maar	Ravi Chopra
director	Hogaya Dimaagh Ka Dahi (HDKD) is a Bollywood comedy movie directed by Fauzia Arshi and produced by Santosh Bhartiya and Fauzia Arshi for Daily Multimedia Limited.	Hogaya Dimaagh Ka Dahi	Fauzia Arshi
director	Josser Joins the Navy is a 1932 British comedy film directed by Norman Lee and starring Ernie Lotinga, Cyril McLaglen and Jack Hobbs.	Josser Joins the Navy	Norman Lee
director	100 dragspel och en flicka (``100 Accordions and One Girl'') is a Swedish comedy film from 1946 directed by Ragnar Frisk.	100 dragspel och en flicka	Ragnar Frisk
director	How Big Is Your Love (Arabic: Kedach ethabni‎) is a 2011 Algerian drama film written and directed by Fatma Zohra Zamoum.	How Big Is Your Love	Fatma Zohra Zamoum
director	Let's Go to Prison is a 2006 American comedy film directed by Bob Odenkirk.	Let's Go to Prison	Bob Odenkirk
director	Bar 20 is a 1943 American Western film directed by Lesley Selander and written by Morton Grant, Michael Wilson and Norman Houston.	Bar 20	Lesley Selander
director	Fang and Claw is a 1935 jungle adventure documentary starring Frank Buck.	Fang and Claw	Frank Buck
director	Father to Be (Swedish: Jag är med barn) is a 1979 Swedish film directed by Lasse Hallström.	Father to Be	Lasse Hallström
director	The Flight of the Gossamer Condor is a 1978 American short documentary film directed by Ben Shedd, about the development of the Gossamer Condor, the first human-powered aircraft.	The Flight of the Gossamer Condor	Ben Shedd
director	Baby Bottleneck is a Warner Bros. Looney Tunes (reissued as a Blue Ribbon) theatrical cartoon short released in 1946 and directed by Bob Clampett and written by Warren Foster.	Baby Bottleneck	Bob Clampett
director	Santa and the Ice Cream Bunny is a 1972 American musical fantasy film written, composed, shot, edited, and directed by R. Winer to frame Barry Mahon's Childhood Productions films for a Christmas release.	Santa and the Ice Cream Bunny	Barry Mahon
director	Element of Doubt is a 1996 British thriller film directed by Christopher Morahan and starring Gina McKee and Michael Jayston.	Element of Doubt	Christopher Morahan
director	The Squire of Long Hadley is a 1925 British silent drama film directed by Sinclair Hill and starring Marjorie Hume, Brian Aherne and G.H. Mulcaster It was adapted from a novel by E. Newton Bungay and was also known under the alternative title of Romance of Riches.	The Squire of Long Hadley	Sinclair Hill
director	Missile to the Moon is an independently made 1958 American black-and-white science fiction film, produced by Marc Frederic, directed by Richard E. Cunha, starring Richard Travis, Cathy Downs, K.T. Stevens, and Leslie Parrish.	Missile to the Moon	Richard E. Cunha
director	Twenty Million Sweethearts is a 1934 American Pre-Code musical comedy film directed by Ray Enright.	Twenty Million Sweethearts	Ray Enright
director	Love in a Hot Climate (Spanish: Sangre y luces, French: Sang et lumières) is a 1954 Spanish-French drama film directed by Georges Rouquier and Ricardo Muñoz Suay.	Love in a Hot Climate	Georges Rouquier	Ricardo Muñoz Suay
director	He Who Must Die (French: Celui qui doit mourir, Italian: Colui che deve morire) is a 1957 French film directed by Jules Dassin.	He Who Must Die	Jules Dassin
director	One Foot Under (Finnish: Toinen jalka haudasta) is a 2009 Finnish film produced by Dionysos Films and directed by Johanna Vuoksenmaa.	One Foot Under	Johanna Vuoksenmaa
director	Telling Whoppers is a 1926 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan and Robert A. McGowan.	Telling Whoppers	Robert F. McGowan	Robert A. McGowan
director	Nanna Shathru (Kannada: ನನ್ನ ಶತ್ರು) is a 1992 Indian Kannada film, directed by K. S. R. Das and produced by G. R. K. Raju.	Nanna Shathru	K. S. R. Das
director	Always Tell Your Wife is a 1923 short comedy film directed by Alfred Hitchcock and Seymour Hicks after they took over from Hugh Croise after he was taken ill. Only one of the two reels are known to survive.	Always Tell Your Wife	Alfred Hitchcock	Seymour Hicks
director	Playful Pluto (1934) is a classic Walt Disney cartoon, directed by Burt Gillett showcasing Pluto.	Playful Pluto	Burt Gillett
director	The Return of a Man Called Horse is a 1976 American western film directed by Irvin Kershner involving a conflict over territory between Sioux Indians and white men.	The Return of a Man Called Horse	Irvin Kershner
director	The Strakonice Bagpiper (Czech: Strakonický dudák) is a 1955 Czechoslovak drama film directed by Karel Steklý.	The Strakonice Bagpiper	Karel Steklý
director	A Heart in Pawn is an 1919 American silent drama film directed by William Worthington.	A Heart in Pawn	William Worthington
director	Blood Glacier (also known as Blutgletscher, Glazius, and The Station) is a 2013 horror film that was directed by Marvin Kren.	Blood Glacier	Marvin Kren
director	Anweshanam is a 1972 Indian Malayalam film, directed by J. Sasikumar .	Anweshanam	J. Sasikumar
director	Hrudaya Pallavi (Kannada: ಹೃದಯ ಪಲ್ಲವಿ) is a 1987 Indian Kannada film, directed by R. N. Jayagopal and produced by Kurunji Shivaram and Smt Jaya Shivaram.	Hrudaya Pallavi	R. N. Jayagopal
director	Tanner on Tanner is a 2004 comedy and the sequel to the 1988 Robert Altman directed and Garry Trudeau written miniseries about a failed presidential candidate, Tanner '88.	Tanner on Tanner	Robert Altman
director	My Kung-Fu Sweetheart (simplified Chinese: 野蛮秘笈; traditional Chinese: 野蠻秘笈) is a 2006 Hong Kong film directed by Wong Jing.	My Kung-Fu Sweetheart	Wong Jing
director	``Khonani'' was written by 30 Rock co-producer Vali Chandrasekaran and directed by Beth McCarthy-Miller, a long-time television director who worked with series creator Tina Fey on the sketch comedy show Saturday Night Live.	Khonani	Beth McCarthy-Miller
director	Sugar Colt is a 1966 Italian spaghetti western directed by Franco Giraldi.	Sugar Colt	Franco Giraldi
director	The Story of Nampoo (Thai: น้ำพุ) is a 1984 Thai drama film directed by Euthana Mukdasanit.	The Story of Nampoo	Euthana Mukdasanit
director	Coming to Terms with the Dead (French: Petits arrangements avec les morts) is a 1994 French drama film directed by Pascale Ferran.	Coming to Terms with the Dead	Pascale Ferran
director	Saneamento Básico (Portuguese for ``basic sanitation'') is a 2007 Brazilian comedy film written and directed by Jorge Furtado.	Saneamento Básico	Jorge Furtado
director	Tonight We Sing is a 1953 musical biopic film, directed by Mitchell Leisen, based on the life and career of the celebrated impresario Sol Hurok.	Tonight We Sing	Mitchell Leisen
director	Puisi Tak Terkuburkan (literally Unburied Poetry; released in English as A Poet: Unconcealed Poetry) is a 2000 award winning Indonesian documentary/drama directed by Garin Nugroho in black and white.	Puisi Tak Terkuburkan	Garin Nugroho
director	Nallavan Vazhvan is a Tamil language drama film directed by P. Neelakantan.	Nallavan Vazhvan	P. Neelakantan
educated at	Satinder Satti did her graduation from RR Bawa DAV College, Batala and then Masters degree in law from Guru Nanak Dev University, Amritsar.	Satinder Satti	Guru Nanak Dev University
employer	Miguel de la Madrid graduated with a bachelor's degree in law from the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM) and received a master's degree in Public Administration from the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University, in the United States.	Miguel de la Madrid	National Autonomous University of Mexico
employer	Barbara Liskov (born November 7, 1939 as Barbara Jane Huberman) is an American computer scientist who is an institute professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Ford Professor of Engineering in its School of Engineering's electrical engineering and computer science department.	Barbara Liskov	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	S. Mark Young holds the George Bozanic and Holman G. Hurt Chair in Sports and Entertainment Business in the Marshall School of Business at the University of Southern California.	S. Mark Young	University of Southern California
employer	Janet Staiger is the William P. Hobby Centennial Professor of Communication in the Department of Radio-Television-Film at the University of Texas at Austin.	Janet Staiger	University of Texas at Austin
employer	Molly Line is a news correspondent for Fox News Channel.	Molly Line	Fox News Channel
employer	Dennis Taylor (born Denis Taylor, 19 January 1949 in Coalisland, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland) is a retired snooker player, and current BBC snooker commentator.	Dennis Taylor	BBC
employer	David Shugar (10 September 1915 -- 31 October 2015) was a professor of the University of Warsaw.	David Shugar	University of Warsaw
employer	Lu Kanru (Chinese: 陸侃如, November 16, 1903 -- December 1, 1978) was a scholar of classical Chinese literature and a lifelong collaborator of his wife Feng Yuanjun Like his wife, he worked at Shandong University for most of his career.	Lu Kanru	Shandong University
employer	Francis Woodman Cleaves (born in Boston in 1911 and died in New Hampshire on December 31, 1995) was a Sinologist, writer and historian who taught at Harvard University, where he was key in establishing Mongolian studies in America.	Francis Woodman Cleaves	Harvard University
employer	A. Rangaswami Iyengar (July 1877-- 4 February 1934) was an Indian journalist, lawyer and politician who served as a member of the Central Legislative Assembly and as the Chief Editor of The Hindu from 1928 till his death in 1934.	A. Rangaswami Iyengar	The Hindu
employer	Christine Bravo became later a columnist for Elle and also collaborated for Le Journal du dimanche, L'Événement du jeudi, France Soir, Paris Match and Cosmopolitan.	Christine Bravo	Elle
employer	Jacquelyn Dowd Hall is an American historian, and Julia Cherry Spruill Professor at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.	Jacquelyn Dowd Hall	University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
employer	Fred Orton is a scholar of art history and art theory at the University of Leeds.	Fred Orton	University of Leeds
employer	Konrad Jażdżewski (1908--1985) was a Polish professor of archeology, doctor honoris causa at the University of Łódź.	Konrad Jażdżewski	University of Łódź
employer	In 2011, Geldof presented a six-part series on ITV2 called OMG! with Peaches Geldof, a magazine-format chat and guest show with audience participation.	Peaches Geldof	ITV2
employer	Clinton Edward Ballou (born June 18, 1923 in King Hill, Idaho, to William Clinton Ballou and ``Mollie'' Ballou) is a Professor Emeritus of biochemistry at the University of California, Berkeley.	Clinton Ballou	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Issaka Souna (born 1954) is a Nigerien politician and since 10 November 2014 the Deputy Head of the United Nations Electoral Observation Mission in Burundi.	Issaka Souna	United Nations
employer	Greg Whitten is a former chief software architect at Microsoft, where he worked from 1979 to 1998.	Greg Whitten	Microsoft
employer	RT America responded by calling Liz Wahl's actions ``Nothing more than a self-promotional stunt.''	Liz Wahl	RT America
employer	Larry Samuelson is the A. Douglas Melamed Professor of Economics at Yale University and one of the faculty of the Cowles Foundation of Yale University.	Larry Samuelson	Yale University
employer	Margaret Sayers Peden is an award-winning American translator and professor emerita of Spanish at the University of Missouri.	Margaret Sayers Peden	University of Missouri
employer	Michael Oppenheimer is the Albert G. Milbank Professor of Geosciences and International Affairs in the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs and the Department of Geosciences at Princeton University.	Michael Oppenheimer	Princeton University
employer	Eleftheria Zeggini is research group leader at the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute and an Honorary Professor in the Department of Health Sciences at the University of Leicester in the UK.	Eleftheria Zeggini	Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute
employer	Frederick M. Dolan (born March 17, 1955) is Professor Emeritus of Rhetoric at the University of California, Berkeley and Professor of Humanities at the California College of the Arts in Oakland and San Francisco.	Frederick M. Dolan	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Laura Trant is a British broadcast journalist and presenter, best known as a presenter and reporter for the regional news programme BBC South Today, and a reporter for BBC News.	Laura Trant	BBC
employer	Edwin S. Hinckley (July 21, 1868 -- November 15, 1929) was one of only two men to hold the position of counselor to the president of Brigham Young University.	Edwin S. Hinckley	Brigham Young University
employer	Charles Kurzman is a Professor of Sociology at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill who specializes in Middle East and Islamic studies.	Charles Kurzman	University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
employer	Thorleif Enger (born 31 October 1943) is a Norwegian businessperson and was Chief Executive Officer of Yara International.	Thorleif Enger	Yara International
employer	Thomas Dublin is an American historian, editor and professor at Binghamton University.	Thomas Dublin	Binghamton University
employer	Donald Cary Williams (28 May 1899--16 January 1983) was an American philosopher and a professor at both the University of California Los Angeles and at Harvard University (from 1939 to 1967).	Donald Cary Williams	University of California Los Angeles	Harvard University
employer	Henry Wechsler is a lecturer at the School of Public Health at Harvard University and was principal investigator of the College Alcohol Study.	Henry Wechsler	Harvard University
employer	1949 was also the year in which Friedrich Eisenkolb was appointed Professor for Materials sciences at the Dresden University of Technology.	Friedrich Eisenkolb	Dresden University of Technology
employer	Richard M. Weiner (born 6 February 1930) is a professor of theoretical physics at the University of Marburg in Marburg, Germany and an associate of the Laboratoire de Physique Théorique at Paris-Sud 11 University in Orsay, France.	Richard M. Weiner	University of Marburg
employer	Marc Shell, born 1947 in Montreal, is a Canadian literary critic, currently Irving Babbitt Professor of Comparative Literature and Professor of English at Harvard University.	Marc Shell	Harvard University
employer	Asad Ahmad is a BBC journalist and news presenter.	Asad Ahmad	BBC
employer	Sasha Costanza-Chock is a communications scholar who works at Massachusetts Institute of Technology.	Sasha Costanza-Chock	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Izumi Nakamitsu (born 1963) is the Assistant Administrator and Director of the Crisis Response Unit of the United Nations Development Programme.	Izumi Nakamitsu	United Nations
employer	Ramamurti Shankar (born April 28, 1947) is the John Randolph Huffman Professor of Physics at Yale University, in New Haven, Connecticut.	Ramamurti Shankar	Yale University
employer	Jolyon Brettingham Smith (9 September 1949 -- 17 May 2008) was a British composer, conductor, performer, author, and radio presenter, and a university teacher at the Berlin University of the Arts.	Jolyon Brettingham Smith	Berlin University of the Arts
employer	Sergio Román Othón Serna Saldívar is a full time professor and researcher with the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education (Tec de Monterrey) who specializes in food science.	Sergio Román Othón Serna Saldívar	Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education
employer	Sharanjit Leyl (pronunciation: /ˌʃərˈənˌdʒɪt ˈleɪl/) is a Singaporean producer/presenter, with BBC World News.	Sharanjit Leyl	BBC
employer	Alan Dowty (born January 15, 1940) is an American author and Professor of Political Science Emeritus, University of Notre Dame.	Alan Dowty	University of Notre Dame
employer	C. S. Giscombe (born 1950 Dayton, Ohio) is an African-American poet, essayist, and professor of English at University of California, Berkeley.	C. S. Giscombe	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Dr. Herbert W. Schooling (November 5, 1912 -- April 1987) was an American educator and former chancellor of the University of Missouri in Columbia, Missouri.	Herbert W. Schooling	University of Missouri
employer	Reza Iravani (in Persian: رضا ایروانی) is a professor in the Edward S. Rogers Sr. Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Toronto.	Reza Iravani	University of Toronto
employer	Joshua Landy is the Andrew B. Hammond Professor in French Language, Literature and Civilization at Stanford University.	Joshua Landy	Stanford University
employer	Angela Trusty is an African American columnist for the Deseret News and The Washington Times.	Angela Trusty	The Washington Times
employer	Neil Funk (born December 29, 1946) is the current television play-by-play announcer for the National Basketball Association's Chicago Bulls.	Neil Funk	National Basketball Association	Chicago Bulls
employer	Keith Porteous Wood (born 1948) is the Executive Director, formerly General Secretary, of the National Secular Society in the United Kingdom, a position he has held since 1996.	Keith Porteous Wood	National Secular Society
employer	Hjalmar Broch (19 July 1882 -- 6 August 1969) was a Norwegian zoologist and university professor at the University of Oslo (1937--1952).	Hjalmar Broch	University of Oslo
employer	Mary Ann Doane (born 1952) is the Class of 1937 Professor of Film and Media at the University of California, Berkeley and was previously the George Hazard Crooker Professor of Modern Culture and Media at Brown University.	Mary Ann Doane	Brown University
employer	Manoj Pant, Professor, Jawaharlal Nehru University Centre for International Trade and Development Manoj Pant is an Indian expert in International Trade.	Manoj Pant	Jawaharlal Nehru University
employer	Rosalie Lamorlière (Rosalie Lamorliere in English; March 3rd, 1768 - 1848) was the last servant of Marie Antoinette, while the queen was in the Conciergerie, awaiting her trial and execution.	Rosalie Lamorlière	Marie Antoinette
employer	Alfred Prettyman is currently a professor at the Ramapo College of New Jersey.	Alfred Prettyman	Ramapo College
employer	F. Suzanne Jenniches (born 1949) is an American engineer who served from April 2, 2003 to 2010 as the Vice President and General Manager of Government Systems Division of Northrop Grumman Corp.'s Electronic Systems sector.	Suzanne Jenniches	Northrop Grumman
employer	Paul Rabinow (born June 21, 1944) is Professor of Anthropology at the University of California (Berkeley), Director of the Anthropology of the Contemporary Research Collaboratory (ARC), and former Director of Human Practices for the Synthetic Biology Engineering Research Center (SynBERC).	Paul Rabinow	University of California (Berkeley
employer	Klaus Scholder (January 12, 1930 -- April 10, 1985) was a German ecclesiastical historian, professor of history at the Eberhard Karls University of Tübingen university.	Klaus Scholder	University of Tübingen
employer	Yaroslav Senyshyn, also known as Slava, is a Canadian pianist, author, and professor of philosophy of music aesthetics, philosophy and moral education at Simon Fraser University's Faculty of Education.	Yaroslav Senyshyn	Simon Fraser University
employer	Firuz Kazemzadeh (born October 27, 1924, Moscow, USSR) is a professor emeritus of history at Yale University.	Firuz Kazemzadeh	Yale University
employer	Theron S. Copeland (July 30, 1831 -- July 8, 1905) was an American law enforcement officer and police captain with the New York City Police Department.	Theron S. Copeland	New York City Police Department
employer	James A. Gross (born 1933) is an American educator and historian who teaches United States labor law and labor history at the Cornell University School of Industrial and Labor Relations.	James A. Gross	Cornell University
employer	Nicholas John Bennett, CB (born 30 September 1948) is Director-General of Strategic Technologies at the Ministry of Defence (UK).	Nicholas John Bennett	Ministry of Defence
employer	Catherine Brekus is Professor of Religions in America and the History of Christianity in the Divinity School of the University of Chicago, where she is also associate faculty in the History Department.	Catherine Brekus	University of Chicago
employer	Adam Galos (22 July 1924 -- 11 April 2013) was a Polish historian and professor at University of Wrocław.	Adam Galos	University of Wrocław
employer	Karen Wynn (born December 18, 1962) is a Canadian and American Professor of Psychology and Cognitive Science at Yale University.	Karen Wynn	Yale University
employer	Freda Adler (born 1934) is a criminologist and educator, currently serving as Professor Emeritus at Rutgers University and a visiting Professor at the University of Pennsylvania.	Freda Adler	Rutgers University
employer	Colin Philip Lowrie (born 20 June 1936) is an English television actor, best known for playing Dennis Tanner in the long-running ITV soap opera Coronation Street, from the programme's inception in 1960 until 1968, and again from 2011 until 2014.	Philip Lowrie	ITV
employer	Seth Benardete (April 4, 1930 -- November 14, 2001) was an American classicist and philosopher, long a member of the faculties of New York University and The New School.	Seth Benardete	New York University
employer	Christine Welsh is a Métis Canadian filmmaker, feminist and associate professor at the University of Victoria.	Christine Welsh	University of Victoria
employer	Jenny Saffran is a Professor of Psychology at the University of Wisconsin, Madison.	Jenny Saffran	University of Wisconsin, Madison
employer	Norddeutscher Rundfunk Station Manager Jobst Plog said, that Jürgen Roland ``(...) belonged to the ranks of young radio reporter, who contributed after the war to the legendary reputation of the then NWDR.''	Jürgen Roland	Norddeutscher Rundfunk
employer	Joseph H. Eberly (born 1935) is the Andrew Carnegie Professor of Physics and Professor of Optics at the University of Rochester.	Joseph H. Eberly	University of Rochester
employer	David Delano Clark (February 10, 1924 -- December 22, 1997) was a nuclear physicist best known for his work at Cornell University building nuclear reactors and using them to perform neutron activation analysis.	David Delano Clark	Cornell University
employer	Lois B. DeFleur (born June 25, 1936) was president of Binghamton University from 1990 to 2010.	Lois B. DeFleur	Binghamton University
employer	David H. Pinkney (1914--1993) was a renowned scholar in French history, author, and emeritus professor of History at the University of Washington from 1967 until his retirement in 1984.	David H. Pinkney	University of Washington
employer	John William Kendrick (October 14, 1853 - February 16, 1924) was chief engineer, general manager and vice-president of the Northern Pacific Railway and later vice-chairman of the board of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway.	John William Kendrick	Northern Pacific Railway	Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway
employer	Charles Edward Borden; also Carl Borden; (15 May 1905 -- 25 December 1978) was an American-Canadian professor of archaeology at the University of British Columbia and the author of seminal works on archaeology, pre-history and pre-contact history.	Charles Edward Borden	University of British Columbia
employer	Richard Packard is an American physicist, a professor at the University of California, Berkeley, known for having built the first quantum gyroscope with his colleagues.	Richard Packard	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Todd Hasak-Lowy is a writer and Assistant Professor of Hebrew Literature at the University of Florida that has a PHD from Berkeley.	Todd Hasak-Lowy	University of Florida
employer	Esther Duflo (French: (dyflo); born 25 October 1972) is a French economist, Co-Founder and Director of the Abdul Latif Jameel Poverty Action Lab (J-PAL), and Professor of Poverty Alleviation and Development Economics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.	Esther Duflo	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Tom Dillehay is an American anthropologist who is the Rebecca Webb Wilson University Distinguished Professor of Anthropology, Religion, and Culture and Professor of Anthropology at Vanderbilt University.	Tom Dillehay	Vanderbilt University
employer	Michael L. Good is the 9th Dean of the University of Florida College of Medicine.	Michael L. Good	University of Florida
employer	Envera Selimović, a national of Bosnia and Herzegovina, is the United Nations Department of Public Information Representative in Azerbaijan.	Envera Selimović	United Nations
employer	Richard Amasino is a professor of biochemistry and genetics at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.	Richard Amasino	University of Wisconsin-Madison
employer	Colette Inez (born 1931) is an American poet and a faculty member at Columbia University's Undergraduate Writing Program.	Colette Inez	Columbia University
employer	Duncan McCargo is Professor of Political Science at the University of Leeds.	Duncan McCargo	University of Leeds
employer	Jonathan Petropoulos (born January 10, 1961) is an American historian who writes about National Socialism and, in particular, the fate of art looted during World War II. He is John V. Croul Professor of European History at Claremont McKenna College in Claremont, California.	Jonathan Petropoulos	Claremont McKenna College
employer	André Gagné is an Associate Professor of Early Christian History and Literature at Concordia University in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	André Gagné	Concordia University
employer	Chinedum Osuji (born December 15, 1976) is a former Taekwando olympian and current professor of chemical and environmental engineering at Yale University.	Chinedum Osuji	Yale University
employer	Catherine Breillat (French: (bʁɛja); born 13 July 1948) is a French filmmaker, novelist and Professor of Auteur Cinema at the European Graduate School.	Catherine Breillat	European Graduate School
employer	Sonu Shamdasani (born 1962) is a London-based author, editor, and professor at University College London.	Sonu Shamdasani	University College London
employer	The personal papers of Joaquín Nin-Culmell are preserved in the Biblioteca de Catalunya and the University of California (Berkeley).	Joaquín Nin-Culmell	University of California (Berkeley
employer	Vivette Glover (born 1942) is a British Professor of Perinatal Psychobiology at Imperial College London.	Vivette Glover	Imperial College London
employer	Jim Lanzone (born January 20, 1971) is an American businessman and the current president and CEO of CBS Interactive, which operates key websites including CNET, CBS.com, GameSpot, CBS News, Metacritic, CBS Sports, Chow, MaxPreps.com and TV.com.	Jim Lanzone	CBS
employer	Murray Fromson (born 1929 in The Bronx, New York City) is a former CBS correspondent and professor emeritus at University of Southern California's School of Journalism, and Center on Public Diplomacy.	Murray Fromson	University of Southern California
employer	Mihir Bellare is a cryptographer and professor at the University of California, San Diego.	Mihir Bellare	University of California, San Diego
employer	Nancy Felson is a Professor of Classics at the University of Georgia.	Nancy Felson	University of Georgia
employer	Frank I. Marcus is an American cardiologist and Emeritus Professor of Medicine at the University of Arizona Health Sciences Center, the author of more than 290 publications in peer-reviewed medical journals and of 90 book chapters.	Frank I. Marcus	University of Arizona
employer	Robert Absalom Thom (14 June 1873-2 November 1955) was the final Locomotive, Carriage and Wagon Superintendent of the Lancashire, Derbyshire and East Coast Railway, and became a key figure in the locomotive departments of the company's successors, the Great Central Railway and the London & North Eastern Railway.	Robert Absalom Thom	Lancashire, Derbyshire and East Coast Railway	Great Central Railway	London & North Eastern Railway
employer	Ernest Wallace (June 11, 1906 -- November 17, 1985) was an historian of Texas, the American West and the southern Great Plains, who was affiliated with Texas Tech University in Lubbock.	Ernest Wallace	Texas Tech University
employer	Carl Kesselman is an Institute Fellow at the University of Southern California's Information Sciences Institute and a Professor in the Epstein Department of Industrial and Systems Engineering, also at the University of Southern California.	Carl Kesselman	University of Southern California
employer	Reinhard Dallinger (born 2 April 1950 in Laives, South Tyrol) is an Austrian zoologist and professor of zoology and ecotoxicology at the University of Innsbruck.	Reinhard Dallinger	University of Innsbruck
employer	Erman Louie Clay (né Erman Louie Crew, Jr.) is an American professor emeritus of English at Rutgers University.	Louie Crew	Rutgers University
employer	Judith M. LeBlanc is head consultant of the Centro Ann Sullivan del Perú.	Judith M. LeBlanc	Centro Ann Sullivan del Perú
employer	Ayyalusamy Ramamoorthy is a professor of biophysics at the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor.	Ayyalusamy Ramamoorthy	University of Michigan
employer	Jorge Reina Schement, Ph.D., is the current dean of the School of Communication, Information and Library Studies (Rutgers University) (SCILS).	Jorge Reina Schement	Rutgers University
employer	Jodi Magness (born September 19, 1956) is the Kenan Distinguished Professor for Teaching Excellence in Early Judaism at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.	Jodi Magness	University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
employer	Martin S. Bergmann (February 15, 1913 -- January 22, 2014) was a clinical professor of psychology of the New York University post-doctoral program where he taught the course on the history of psychoanalysis.	Martin S. Bergmann	New York University
employer	Uta Frith, DBE (Hon), FRS, FBA, FMedSci (née Aurnhammer; born 25 May 1941) is a German developmental psychologist working at the Institute of Cognitive Neuroscience at University College London.	Uta Frith	University College London
employer	Markus F. Peschl (born 1965) is an Austrian philosopher of mind, philosopher of science and cognitive scientist, and professor for Cognitive Science and Philosophy of Science at the University of Vienna, Austria.	Markus F. Peschl	University of Vienna
employer	Elizabeth S. Anderson (5 December 1959), is Arthur F. Thurnau Professor and John Dewey Distinguished University Professor of Philosophy and Women's Studies at the University of Michigan and is a notable American philosopher specializing in moral and political philosophy.	Elizabeth S. Anderson	University of Michigan
employer	Saul Levmore (born 1953) is the William B. Graham Distinguished Service Professor of Law, and former Dean of the University of Chicago Law School.	Saul Levmore	University of Chicago
employer	Lisa Raphals (born 1951) is an American professor of Chinese and comparative literature at University of California, Riverside, and of philosophy at the National University of Singapore.	Lisa Raphals	University of California, Riverside
employer	Jeff Fager (born December 10, 1954) is the former Chairman of CBS News and the current Executive Producer of 60 Minutes, the hour-long CBS news magazine created in 1968.	Jeff Fager	CBS
employer	August-Wilhelm Scheer (born July 27, 1941) is a German Professor of business administration and business information at the Saarland University, and founder and director of IDS Scheer AG, a major IT service and software company.	August-Wilhelm Scheer	Saarland University
employer	Scott Plous is an academic social psychologist, currently working as a Professor of Psychology at the Department of Psychology, Wesleyan University.	Scott Plous	Wesleyan University
employer	Sue-Ellen Case (born 1942) is Professor and Chair of Critical Studies in the Theatre Department in the School of Theater Film and Television at the University of California, Los Angeles.	Sue-Ellen Case	University of California, Los Angeles
employer	Michael Hollingshead was a British researcher in psychedelic drugs and hallucinogens including psilocybin and lysergic acid diethylamide, among others, at Harvard University in the mid-twentieth century.	Michael Hollingshead	Harvard University
employer	Ed Fries is the former vice president of game publishing at Microsoft during much of the Xbox's lifecycle.	Ed Fries	Microsoft
employer	Víctor Andrés Belaúnde Diez Canseco (15 December 1883, Arequipa, Peru -- 14 December 1966, New York City) was a Peruvian diplomat who chaired the Fourteenth session and the fourth emergency special session of the United Nations General Assembly (1959--1960).	Víctor Andrés Belaúnde	United Nations
employer	Harry Perretta (born July 22, 1955) is the head coach of the women's basketball team at Villanova University.	Harry Perretta	Villanova University
employer	Bertrand Harris Bronson (1902 -- March 14, 1986) was an American academic and professor in the English department at the University of California, Berkeley.	Bertrand Harris Bronson	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Dana D. Nelson is a professor of English at Vanderbilt University and a prominent progressive advocate for citizenship and democracy.	Dana D. Nelson	Vanderbilt University
employer	Kai-Ming Ho is a Senior Physicist at Ames Laboratory and distinguished Professor in Department of Physics and Astronomy at Iowa State University.	Kai-Ming Ho	Iowa State University
employer	Carsten Bresch (born September 5, 1921) is a German physicist, geneticist and professor emeritus at the University of Freiburg (Faculty of Biology).	Carsten Bresch	University of Freiburg
employer	Raymundo Almanza Morales (alias El Gori III) is a Mexican drug lord of Los Zetas.	Raymundo Almanza Morales	Los Zetas
employer	Nancy Bernstein (September 10, 1960 -- September 18, 2015) was an American visual effects producer at Digital Domain and later Head of Production at DreamWorks Animation.	Nancy Bernstein	DreamWorks Animation
employer	Michael J. Padilla is the former Director of the Eugene T. Moore School of Education and Associate Dean of EC at Clemson University, from Spring 2007 until July 2012.	Michael J. Padilla	Clemson University
employer	Steven Shafer is a professor of anesthesiology at Stanford University.	Steven Shafer	Stanford University
employer	Pamela Samuelson is the Richard M. Sherman '74 Distinguished Professor of Law and Information Management at the University of California, Berkeley with a joint appointment in the UC Berkeley School of Information and Boalt Hall, the School of Law.	Pamela Samuelson	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Lucia Liljegren is an American mechanical engineer who has worked at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (on projects related to remediation and storage of radioactive waste) and as an Assistant Professor in the Department of Aerospace Engineering at Iowa State University.	Lucia Liljegren	Iowa State University
employer	Mark Lucovsky is an American software developer who worked for Microsoft and who is now employed by VMware as Vice President of Engineering in charge of Cloud Foundry.	Mark Lucovsky	Microsoft
employer	Stephen Bann CBE, FBA (born 1 August 1942 in Manchester, England) is the Emeritus Professor of History of Art at the University of Bristol.	Stephen Bann	University of Bristol
employer	Lino Pertile (born 1940) is an Italian linguist, Professor of Romance Languages and Literatures at Harvard University and a former House Master of Eliot House.	Lino Pertile	Harvard University
employer	Edward Richard Shaw (1855--1903) was a Professor and Dean, New York University, and author of numerous books, primarily children's schoolbooks.	Edward Richard Shaw	New York University
employer	Ram Samudrala is a professor of computational biology and bioinformatics at the State University of New York in Buffalo, and formerly at the University of Washington in Seattle, USA.	Ram Samudrala	University of Washington
employer	Baldev Raj Nayar is Professor Emeritus of Political Science, McGill University, Canada since 1994.	Baldev Raj Nayar	McGill University
employer	Terry Yates, a professor at the University of New Mexico, joined an interdisciplinary research team charged with finding the source of the mysterious illness by the National Science Foundation.	Terry Yates	University of New Mexico
employer	Idris Assani is a Beninese and African-American mathematician, who works as a professor of mathematics at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.	Idris Assani	University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
employer	Hom-Lay Wang is a Taiwanese-born periodontist and director of the graduate periodontal program at University of Michigan School of Dentistry.	Hom-Lay Wang	University of Michigan
employer	Fernando Zúñiga (born January 6, 1968) is a Chilean-Swiss linguist at the University of Bern, where he holds the chair of General Linguistics and works in the fields of linguistic typology and indigenous languages of the Americas, especially Mapudungun and Algonquian languages.	Fernando Zúñiga	University of Bern
employer	Andrew Tylecote (3 January 1946- ) is a British economist based at The University of Sheffield School of Management.	Andrew Tylecote	University of Sheffield
employer	Dwayne Benjamin (born March 10, 1961 in Orillia, Ontario) is a Canadian economist and member of the University of Toronto faculty.	Dwayne Benjamin	University of Toronto
employer	Stephen Todd is a lawyer and a Professor of Law at the University of Canterbury in Christchurch, New Zealand.	Stephen Todd	University of Canterbury
employer	Lesley Gill is an author and a professor of anthropology at Vanderbilt University.	Lesley Gill	Vanderbilt University
employer	Varun Grover (USA) (born 1959) is an American Information systems researcher, who is the William S. Lee (Duke Energy) Distinguished Professor of Information Systems at Clemson University, where he teaches doctoral seminars on methods and information systems.	Varun Grover	Clemson University
employer	Keith Olive is a theoretical physicist, and director at the William I Fine Theoretical Physics Institute, University of Minnesota, specializing in particle physics and cosmology.	Keith Olive	University of Minnesota
employer	Peter Westervelt (December 16, 1919 -- January 24, 2015) was an American physicist, noted for his work in nonlinear acoustics, and Professor Emeritus of Physics at Brown University.	Peter Westervelt	Brown University
employer	Alain Lascoux (October 17, 1944 -- October 20, 2013) was a French mathematician at the University of Marne la Vallée and Nankai University.	Alain Lascoux	Nankai University
employer	Paul Kay (born 1934 in New York) is an emeritus professor of linguistics at the University of California, Berkeley, United States.	Paul Kay	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Leonard Mandel (May 9, 1927 -- February 9, 2001) was the Lee DuBridge Professor Emeritus of Physics and Optics at the University of Rochester when he died at the age of 73 at his home in Pittsford, New York.	Leonard Mandel	University of Rochester
employer	Stella Kübler-Isaacksohn née Goldschlag (10 July 1922 -- 1994), was a German Jewish woman who collaborated with the Gestapo during World War II, exposing and denouncing Berlin's underground Jews.	Stella Kübler	Gestapo
employer	Linguist Johanna Nichols is a professor emerita on active duty in the Department of Slavic Languages and Literatures at the University of California, Berkeley.	Johanna Nichols	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Stefano Losi OMRI (born 1969) is an Italian poet, artist, and United Nations official.	Stefano Losi	United Nations
employer	Shirley Ann Jackson FREng (born August 5, 1946) is an American physicist, and the eighteenth president of the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.	Shirley Ann Jackson	Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
employer	Colin Murray Turbayne (7 February 1916 -- 16 May 2006) was an Australian philosopher, who spent most of his academic career at the University of Rochester, where he first had a position in 1957 and became professor emeritus in 1981.	Colin Murray Turbayne	University of Rochester
employer	Diane Ghirardo is a professor of architecture at the University of Southern California.	Diane Ghirardo	University of Southern California
employer	Robert H. Roy (21 November 1906, Baltimore, Maryland -- 8 October 2000, Towson, Maryland) was an American mechanical engineer and the former Dean of Engineering Science at Johns Hopkins University.	Robert H. Roy	Johns Hopkins University
employer	Barry Onouye (born ???) is a structural engineer, emeritus faculty member in the Department of Architecture at the University of Washington, and author of multiple textbooks on structural engineering and design.	Barry Onouye	University of Washington
employer	Joseph Betts was an English mathematician: he held the Savilian Chair of Geometry at the University of Oxford in 1765.	Joseph Betts	University of Oxford
employer	Amitava Bose is a Professor of Economics at Indian Institute of Management Calcutta.	Amitava Bose	Indian Institute of Management Calcutta
employer	Nancy Sherman (born 1951) is a Distinguished University Professor and Professor of Philosophy at Georgetown University.	Nancy Sherman	Georgetown University
employer	Edward R. Hauser (August 29, 1916 -- September 8, 2014) was an American animal scientist who served as professor and chairman of the Department of Meat and Animal Science at University of Wisconsin-- Madison.	Edward R. Hauser	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
employer	Marcus Loew (May 7, 1870 -- September 5, 1927) was an American business magnate and a pioneer of the motion picture industry who formed Loews Theatres and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM).	Marcus Loew	Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer
employer	Margaret R. Yocom is a folklorist who teaches at George Mason University.	Margaret R. Yocom	George Mason University
employer	Clifford Leaman is an American classical saxophonist and is an Associate Dean and Professor of Saxophone at the School of Music of the University of South Carolina In January 2008, Dr. Leaman performed upon invitation at the 31st International Saxophone Symposium with the United States Navy Band.	Clifford Leaman	University of South Carolina
employer	Dwight B. Heath (born November 19, 1930) is Research Professor of Anthropology at Brown University in Providence, Rhode Island.	Dwight B. Heath	Brown University
employer	Richard Trexler (1932 -- 8 March 2007) was a professor of History at the Binghamton University, State University of New York.	Richard Trexler	Binghamton University
employer	De Lamar Jensen was a historian of early modern Europe and a faculty member of the history department at Brigham Young University (BYU).	De Lamar Jensen	Brigham Young University
employer	Louis Monier (born March 21, 1956) was a founder of the Internet search engine AltaVista.	Louis Monier	AltaVista
employer	Emile De Beukelaer (21 May 1865--21 January 1922) was a Belgian road racing cyclist, and the founder and President of the Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI).	Emile De Beukelaer	Union Cycliste Internationale
employer	Gillian E. Metzger (born October 2, 1965) is a United States Constitutional Law scholar and a professor of law at Columbia Law School.	Gillian E. Metzger	Columbia Law School
employer	Natalie Kononenko is a professor of folklore currently with the University of Alberta.	Natalie Kononenko	University of Alberta
employer	Nelson Bentley (1918 -- 1990) was an American poet and professor at the University of Washington in Seattle, whose works have left an impression on the Seattle literary scene.	Nelson Bentley	University of Washington
employer	Cisca Wijmenga (born 1964) is a Dutch professor of Human Genetics at the University of Groningen and the University Medical Center Groningen.	Cisca Wijmenga	University of Groningen	University Medical Center Groningen
employer	David Brody (born June 5, 1930) is an American historian, who is professor emeritus of history at the University of California-Davis.	David Brody	University of California-Davis
employer	Sonia Gardner is an American hedge fund manager and the co-founder of Avenue Capital Group.	Sonia Gardner	Avenue Capital Group
employer	Catherine Wessinger is a professor of religious studies at Loyola University New Orleans with a main research focus on millennialism, new religions, women and religion and religions of India.	Catherine Wessinger	Loyola University New Orleans
employer	Petrus Hofstede de Groot (8 October 1802 - 5 December 1886), Dutch theologian, was born at Leer in East Friesland, and was educated at the Gymnasium and University of Groningen.	Petrus Hofstede de Groot	University of Groningen
employer	Chrissie Reidy (born 12 March 1973 in Birmingham) is an English journalist and presenter, employed by BBC South East.	Chrissie Reidy	BBC
employer	Farhad Rahbar (Persian: فرهاد رهبر‎, born 1959 in Semnan) is an Iranian economist, academic and the former Chancellor of University of Tehran.	Farhad Rahbar	University of Tehran
employer	Feng Zhang (born 1982) is the W. M. Keck Career Development Professor of Biomedical Engineering in the departments of Brain and Cognitive Sciences and Biological Engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.	Feng Zhang	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Mohamed Habib Gherab (8 May 1926 -- 17 March 2011) (Arabic: محمد الحبيب غراب‎) was a United Nations Under Secretary-General, Tunisian diplomat and senior government official.	Mohamed Habib Gherab	United Nations
employer	Eugen Dieth studied General Linguistics, English and German at the University of Zurich and the University of Geneva.	Eugen Dieth	University of Zurich
employer	Stephen Haddrill is Chief Executive Officer of the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in the United Kingdom.	Stephen Haddrill	Financial Reporting Council
employer	Patrik Rorsman FRS FMedSci is Professor of Diabetic Medicine at the Oxford Centre for Diabetes, Endocrinology and Metabolism (OCDEM), in the Radcliffe Department of Medicine at the University of Oxford and a fellow of Harris Manchester College, Oxford.	Patrik Rorsman	University of Oxford
employer	Dong Zhiming (Chinese: 董枝明, Pinyin: Dǒng Zhimíng; born January 1937), of the Institute of Vertebrate Paleontology and Paleoanthropology (IVPP) in Beijing, is a Chinese vertebrate paleontologist.	Dong Zhiming	Institute of Vertebrate Paleontology and Paleoanthropology
employer	Richard Wurtman, M.D., is the Cecil H. Green Distinguished Professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a Professor of Neuroscience in MIT's Department of Brain & Cognitive Sciences, and of Neuropharmacology in the Harvard --	Richard Wurtman	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Michael S. Sherry is an American historian, and professor of history at Northwestern University.	Michael S. Sherry	Northwestern University
employer	Peter Blair Henry, an economist, is the ninth Dean of New York University's Leonard N. Stern School of Business, and William R. Berkley Professor of Economics and Business, and author of TURNAROUND:	Peter Blair Henry	New York University
employer	Johanna Wolf (1 June 1900 -- 5 June 1985) was Adolf Hitler's chief secretary.	Johanna Wolf	Adolf Hitler
father	Princess Pilar of Bavaria (Maria del Pilar Eulalia Antonia Isabella Ludovika Franziska Josepha Rita Euphrasia von Wittelsbach, princess of Bavaria) (March 13, 1891 -- January 29, 1987) was the only daughter of Prince Ludwig Ferdinand of Bavaria and his wife Infanta Maria de la Paz of Spain.	Princess Pilar of Bavaria	Prince Ludwig Ferdinand of Bavaria
father	Augustus Dickens was the son of John Dickens, a clerk in the Navy Pay Office at Portsmouth, and his wife, Elizabeth (née Barrow).	Augustus Dickens	John Dickens
father	Samuel Wilberforce FRS (7 September 1805 -- 19 July 1873) was an English bishop in the Church of England, third son of William Wilberforce.	Samuel Wilberforce	William Wilberforce
father	Anthony Janszoon van Salee (1607--1676) was the son of Jan Janszoon, a Dutch pirate who led the Republic of Salé, a pirate state in modern Morocco.	Anthony Janszoon van Salee	Jan Janszoon
father	Charles the Twelfth's sire, Voltaire was a successful racehorse who won the Doncaster Cup in 1829.	Charles the Twelfth	Voltaire
father	Prince Xhelal Bey Zogu (14 May 1881 in Castle Burgajet, Albania -- 1944 in Turkey) was a son of Xhemal Pasha Zogu (c. 1860--1911) and Melek Zogu (?--1884).	Xhelal Bey Zogu	Xhemal Pasha Zogu
father	Poldowski was the professional pseudonym of a Belgian-born British composer and pianist born Régine Wieniawski (16 May 1879 -- 28 January 1932), the daughter of the Polish violinist and composer Henryk Wieniawski.	Poldowski	Henryk Wieniawski
father	Bradford Knapp was born in Vinton, Iowa on December 24, 1870 to Seaman A. Knapp.	Bradford Knapp	Seaman A. Knapp
father	Gottlieb Muffat (April 1690 -- 9 December 1770), son of Georg Muffat, served as Hofscholar under Johann Fux in Vienna from 1711 and was appointed to the position of third court organist at the Hofkapelle in 1717.	Gottlieb Muffat	Georg Muffat
father	Anya Camilleri is the daughter of the late Maltese composer Charles Camilleri.	Anya Camilleri	Charles Camilleri
father	Abantidas (in Greek Ἀβαντίδας), the son of Paseas, became tyrant of the ancient Greek city-state of Sicyon after murdering Cleinias, the father of Aratus, 264 BC. After the assassination, Abantidas had the remaining friends and relations of Cleinias banished or put to death;	Abantidas	Paseas
father	John Dudley, 2nd Earl of Warwick, KB (1527(?) -- 21 October 1554) was an English nobleman and the heir of John Dudley, 1st Duke of Northumberland, leading minister and regent under Edward VI of England from 1550--1553.	John Dudley, 2nd Earl of Warwick	John Dudley, 1st Duke of Northumberland
father	Gerald Fitzgerald, Lord of Offaly (died 1204), was the son of Maurice FitzGerald, Lord of Lanstephan.	Gerald Fitzgerald, Lord of Offaly	Maurice FitzGerald, Lord of Lanstephan
father	Anita Peabody's sire was Luke McLuke, winner of the 1914 Belmont Stakes and a son of the important but unraced Ultimus, who had been sired by Commando.	Anita Peabody	Luke McLuke
father	Ivan Albright and his identical twin brother, Malvin, were born near Chicago in North Harvey, Illinois, to Adam Emory Albright and Clara Wilson Albright.	Ivan Albright	Adam Emory Albright
father	Laoshang Chanyu (Chinese: 老上單于, r. 174--160 BCE), whose proper name was Jizhu (Chinese: 稽粥), was a Chanyu of the Xiongnu, the successor to Modu Chanyu (冒頓單于).	Laoshang Chanyu	Modu Chanyu
father	Jim Ankan Deka was born in Guwahati, Assam on 1 June 1980, to Assamese writer-couple Prof Bhabananda Deka and Nalini Prava Deka.	Jim Ankan Deka	Bhabananda Deka
father	Ashur-nadin-ahhe II (Aššur-nādin-ahhē II) was king of Assyria from 1393 to 1383 BC. Preceded by Ashur-rim-nisheshu, he is considered to be the last king of the Old Assyrian Period.	Ashur-nadin-ahhe II	Ashur-rim-nisheshu
father	Sir Slick (foaled 2001) is a bay gelding Thoroughbred racehorse by Volksraad from the Paris Opera mare Miss Opera.	Sir Slick	Volksraad
father	Jocelyn Burton was born in Wales in 1946 and is the daughter of RAF officer Roland (Monty) Burton.	Jocelyn Burton	Roland (Monty) Burton
father	Princess Maria Felicita of Savoy (19 March 1730 -- 13 May 1801)) was a princess of the House of Savoy, the third daughter of Charles Emmanuel III of Sardinia and his second wife, Polyxena of Hesse-Rotenburg.	Princess Maria Felicita of Savoy	Charles Emmanuel III of Sardinia
father	Dietrich III of Limburg, count of Limburg zu Stirum (fl. 1347--1391), son of Johann of Limburg.	Dietrich III of Limburg	Johann of Limburg
father	Joel Goldsmith was born on November 19, 1957 in Los Angeles, California, the third of four children of Sharon (née Hennagin), a singer, and renowned composer Jerry Goldsmith.	Joel Goldsmith	Jerry Goldsmith
father	Adriano Giannini (born 10 May 1971) is an Italian actor, son of Giancarlo Giannini.	Adriano Giannini	Giancarlo Giannini
father	Webb Seymour, 10th Duke of Somerset (3 December 1718 in Easton, Wiltshire -- 15 December 1793 in Maiden Bradley, Warminster, Wiltshire) was the son of Edward Seymour, 8th Duke of Somerset and Mary Webb.	Webb Seymour, 10th Duke of Somerset	Edward Seymour, 8th Duke of Somerset
father	Anne-Sophie Pic is the daughter of chef Jacques Pic, and grew up at her family's restaurant, Maison Pic. Her grandfather, Andre Pic, was also a chef, who was particularly known for a crayfish gratin dish, and who first gained the restaurant three Michelin stars in 1934.	Anne-Sophie Pic	Jacques Pic
father	Adelaide of Tours (c.820-c.866) was a daughter of Hugh of Tours and his wife Bava.	Adelaide of Tours	Hugh of Tours
father	The son of illustrator and animator Gene Deitch, Kim Deitch has sometimes worked with his brothers Simon Deitch and Seth Deitch.	Kim Deitch	Gene Deitch
father	Mauricio Macri was born in Tandil, in the province of Buenos Aires, son of the Italian-born tycoon Francisco Macri and Alicia Blanco Villegas, a woman of Spanish descent.	Mauricio Macri	Francisco Macri
father	Thetis (/ˈθɛtɪs/; Greek: Θέτις (tʰétis)), is encountered in Greek mythology mostly as a sea nymph or known as the goddess of water, one of the 50 Nereids, daughters of the ancient sea god Nereus.	Thetis	Nereus
father	Hostilian was born in Sirmium (now Sremska Mitrovica, Serbia) in Illyricum sometime after 230, as the son of the future emperor Decius by his wife Herennia Cupressenia Etruscilla.	Hostilian	Decius
father	Lee Hendrie is the son of Scottish former professional footballer Paul Hendrie.	Lee Hendrie	Paul Hendrie
father	Sofia Andrukhovych was born in Ivano-Frankivsk, the daughter of Yuri Andrukhovych.	Sofia Andrukhovych	Yuri Andrukhovych
father	Like his father Wang Tingcou, Wang Yuankui ruled Chengde Circuit (成德, headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei) in de facto independence from the imperial government, but unlike Wang Tingcou, he was respectful to the imperial government and often followed its orders.	Wang Yuankui	Wang Tingcou
father	Dalfi d'Alvernha was the son of William VII the Young of Auvergne, Count of Clermont, and of Jeanne de Calabre.	Dalfi d'Alvernha	William VII the Young of Auvergne
father	Daylami's sire, Doyoun, won the 2,000 Guineas and finished third in the Derby, before a stud career in which he produced the winners of over two hundred races.	Daylami	Doyoun
father	Kanellos Deligiannis (Greek: Κανέλλος Δεληγιάννης; 1780--1862) was a Greek magnate from the Morea and the son of Ioannis Deligiannis.	Kanellos Deligiannis	Ioannis Deligiannis
father	Grand Duke Sergei Alexandrovich of Russia (Сергей Александрович; May 11, 1857 -- February 17, 1905) was a son of Emperor Alexander II of Russia.	Grand Duke Sergei Alexandrovich of Russia	Alexander II of Russia
father	Juan de Zurbarán was born in Llerena, Badajoz, the son of Francisco de Zurbarán (1598 - 1664), and joined in the workshop that his father owned in Seville, with which it is likely they collaborated on different paintings, including the Still Life with Jug and Cups.	Juan de Zurbarán	Francisco de Zurbarán
father	Zhen Zhen, (Chinese: 珍珍), pronounced 'jun jun' (born August 3, 2007) is a female giant panda born to Bai Yun and Gao Gao at the San Diego Zoo.	Zhen Zhen	Gao Gao
father	Bred in Kentucky by Robert C. Sims, Hawkster was sired by Silver Hawk and out of the mare, Strait Lane.	Hawkster	Silver Hawk
father	Boria Sax was born in 1949 to Saville Sax.	Boria Sax	Saville Sax
father	King Xiang of Wei (Chinese: 魏襄王) (died 296 BC), personal name Wei Si (Chinese: 魏嗣), was king of Wei (state) from 318 BC to 296 BC. He was the son of King Hui of Wei.	King Xiang of Wei	King Hui of Wei
father	Silver Swallow is a thoroughbred race horse by Alphabet Soup (Cozzene) out of Topsom (Red Ransom) who is known for her coat coloration, a nearly white dappled grey, as well as her repeated second-place finishes in several prominent stakes races in the Southern California racing circuit.	Silver Swallow	Alphabet Soup
father	Sophia Sidney, Baroness De L'Isle and Dudley (née FitzClarence; 4 March 1795 -- 10 April 1837) was the eldest illegitimate daughter of William IV of the United Kingdom and his longtime mistress Dorothea Jordan.	Sophia Sidney, Baroness De L'Isle and Dudley	William IV of the United Kingdom
father	Edmund de la Pole, 3rd Duke of Suffolk, 6th Earl of Suffolk, KG (1471/1472 -- 30 April 1513), Duke of Suffolk, was a son of John de la Pole, 2nd Duke of Suffolk and his wife Elizabeth of York.	Edmund de la Pole, 3rd Duke of Suffolk	John de la Pole, 2nd Duke of Suffolk
father	Jérôme Badini is son of Gérard Badini, a sax player and conductor who worked with Duke Ellington, Stan Getz and Dee Dee Bridgewater, among others, and grandson of an opera singer at La Scala.	Jérôme Badini	Gérard Badini
father	Vojislav Ilić (Serbian Cyrillic: Војислав Илић) (14 April 1860, Belgrade -- 21 January 1894, Belgrade) was a 19th-century Serbian poet of finely chiselled verse, son of the Romanticist playwright and poet Jovan Ilić.	Vojislav Ilić	Jovan Ilić
father	Alexander Stewart, Duke of Albany (c. 1454 -- 7 August 1485), was the second surviving son of King James II of Scotland and his wife, Mary of Gueldres.	Alexander Stewart, Duke of Albany	James II of Scotland
father	Harald Kesja, Harald the Spear, (1080--1135) was the son of Eric I of Denmark and anti-king of Denmark.	Harald Kesja	Eric I of Denmark
father	Tulsi Gabbard was born in Leloaloa, American Samoa, the fourth of five children of Mike Gabbard and Carol Porter Gabbard.	Tulsi Gabbard	Mike Gabbard
father	Out of the mare Polar Queen, a granddaughter of Danzig, Collier Hill was sired by the 1992 Epsom Derby winner, Dr Devious.	Collier Hill	Dr Devious
father	Eurypon, otherwise called Eurytion (Greek: Εὐρυπῶν, Εὐρυτίων), son of Soos and grandson of Procles, was the third king of that house at Sparta, and thenceforward gave it the name of Eurypontidae.	Eurypon	Soos
father	Helen Butler (died 28 January 1631), also known as the Honorable Helen Butler, was the daughter of Edmund Butler, 2nd Viscount Mountgarret and Grizel FitzPatrick.	Helen Butler	Edmund Butler, 2nd Viscount Mountgarret
father	Constantine Lekapenos or Lecapenus (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Λακαπηνός) was the third son of the Byzantine emperor Romanos I Lekapenos (r. 920--944), and co-emperor from 924 to 945.	Constantine Lekapenos	Romanos I Lekapenos
father	Elizabeth Capell, Countess of Essex (1 December 1636 -- 5 February 1718; née Percy) was an English noblewoman, the daughter of Algernon Percy, 10th Earl of Northumberland.	Elizabeth Capell, Countess of Essex	Algernon Percy, 10th Earl of Northumberland
father	Perfect Drift is a bay gelding sired by the leading stallion Dynaformer, out of the Naskra mare Nice Gal. Perfect Drift was owned by Stonecrest Farm and bred by Kansas City heart surgeon Dr. William A. Reed (owner of Stonecrest).	Perfect Drift	Dynaformer
father	Julia Strachey (August 14, 1901 -- 1979) was an English writer, born in Allahabad, India, where her father, Oliver Strachey, the elder brother of Lytton Strachey, was a civil servant.	Julia Strachey	Oliver Strachey
father	Vologases VI of Parthia (Parthian: Walagash, Persian: بلاش‎‎, Balāsh) succeeded his father Vologases V of Parthia (191--208) to the throne of the Parthian Empire in 208.	Vologases VI	Vologases V of Parthia
father	Regal Rose is a ``tall, scopey'' bay mare with a white star bred and owned by the Newmarket-based Cheveley Park Stud.She was sired by Danehill, a sprinter who won the Cork and Orrery Stakes and Haydock Sprint Cup in 1989.	Regal Rose	Danehill
father	Chiang Hsiao-chang (Chinese: 蔣孝章; pinyin: Jiǎng xiào zhāng; 1938 --) is the only daughter of Chiang Ching-kuo, the President of the Republic of China in Taiwan from 1978 to 1988.	Chiang Hsiao-chang	Chiang Ching-kuo
father	Sired by Green Dancer, 1991's leading sire in France and a son of English Triple Crown champion, Nijinsky, Eishin Preston's damsire Monteverdi was the son of Lyphard, who, like Nijinsky, was a son of Northern Dancer.	Eishin Preston	Green Dancer
father	Adandozan took over from his father Agonglo in 1797 but was quite young at the time and so there was a regent in charge of the kingdom until 1804.	Adandozan	Agonglo
father	Mille-Marie Treschow is the daughter of estate owner Gerhard Aage Treschow (1923--2001) and Nanna, née Meidell (born 1926).	Mille-Marie Treschow	Gerhard Aage Treschow
father	Thomas de Beaumont, 6th Earl of Warwick (1208 -- 26 June 1242), Earl of Warwick, Baron of Hocknorton (Hook Norton) and Hedenton, was the son of Henry de Beaumont, 5th Earl of Warwick and Margaret D'Oili.	Thomas de Beaumont, 6th Earl of Warwick	Henry de Beaumont, 5th Earl of Warwick
father	Born in Wuxi, Qian Zhongshu was the son of Qian Jibo (T: 錢基博, S: 钱基博), a conservative Confucian scholar.	Qian Zhongshu	Qian Jibo
father	The son of Hou Baolin, a master of Guo Degang, Hou Yaowen became a xiangsheng actor in 1960.	Hou Yaowen	Hou Baolin
father	Born on 14 February 1941 in Dihua (now Urumqi), Mao Yuanxin is the son of Mao Zemin, a younger brother of Mao Zedong.	Mao Yuanxin	Mao Zemin
father	John Venn was born on 4 August 1834 in Kingston upon Hull, Yorkshire to Martha Sykes and Rev. Henry Venn, who was the rector of the parish of Drypool.	John Venn	Henry Venn
father	(Henry) Vincent Meredith was born in London, Ontario, the fifth son of John Walsingham Cooke Meredith and Sarah Pegler.	Vincent Meredith	John Walsingham Cooke Meredith
father	Margaret of France, Duchess of Berry (French: Marguerite de Valois) (5 June 1523 -- 15 September 1574) was the daughter of King Francis I of France and Claude, Duchess of Brittany.	Margaret of France, Duchess of Berry	Francis I of France
father	Carl Ludwig II, Prince of Hohenlohe-Langenburg (German: Karl Ludwig Wilhelm Leopold Fürst zu Hohenlohe-Langenburg; 25 October 1829 -- 16 May 1907) was the eldest son of Ernst I, Prince of Hohenlohe-Langenburg.	Carl Ludwig II, Prince of Hohenlohe-Langenburg	Ernst I, Prince of Hohenlohe-Langenburg
founder	The Order of the Sword (Officially Royal Order of the Sword Swedish Kungliga Svärdsorden) is a Swedish order of chivalry created by King Frederick I of Sweden on February 23, 1748, together with the Order of the Seraphim and the Order of the Polar Star.	Order of the Sword	Frederick I of Sweden
headquarters location	Pixel Press is an American video game development company with headquarters in St. Louis.	Pixel Press	St. Louis
instrument	Punky Meadows grew up in Washington, D.C., the oldest of four boys, in the Barnaby Terrace neighborhood which produced guitar legends Danny Gatton, Roy Clark, and Link Wray.	Punky Meadows	guitar
languages spoken or written	Ningombam Bupenda Meitei (born 6 April 1987) is an Indian writer, essayist and poet in English and Manipuri languages.	Ningombam Bupenda Meitei	English
languages spoken or written	Sanjay Kapoor made his debut in Hindi cinema in 1995 with the movie Prem opposite another newcomer Tabu.	Sanjay Kapoor	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Jacek Dukaj (born 30 July 1974 in Tarnów, Poland) is a Polish science fiction writer.	Jacek Dukaj	Polish
languages spoken or written	Francesco Bonami (b. Florence, 1955) is an Italian art curator and writer who is currently Honorary Director of Fondazione Sandretto Re Rebaudengo in Turin.	Francesco Bonami	Italian
languages spoken or written	Paolo dal Pozzo Toscanelli (1397 -- 10 May 1482) was an Italian astronomer, mathematician, and cosmographer.	Paolo dal Pozzo Toscanelli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Thomas Thiemeyer (born 1963) is a German illustrator and writer.	Thomas Thiemeyer	German
languages spoken or written	Dumitru Georgescu Kiriac (18 March 1866 -- 8 January 1928) was a Romanian composer, conductor, and ethnomusicologist.	Dumitru Georgescu Kiriac	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Giulio Cesare Croce (1550--1609) was an Italian writer, actor/producer of cantastoria and enigma writer.	Giulio Cesare Croce	Italian
languages spoken or written	Angelo Mai (Latin Angelus Maius; March 7, 1782--September 8, 1854) was an Italian Cardinal and philologist.	Angelo Mai	Italian
languages spoken or written	Sandro Gozi is an Italian politician and Member of the Parliament of Italy.	Sandro Gozi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Heidi Hassenmüller is a German author who writes young adult literature.	Heidi Hassenmüller	German
languages spoken or written	Benjamin Olinde Rodrigues (6 October 1795 -- 17 December 1851), more commonly known as Olinde Rodrigues, was a French banker, mathematician, and social reformer.	Olinde Rodrigues	French
languages spoken or written	Piero del Pollaiolo (c. 1443 -- 1496), also known as Piero Benci, was an Italian Renaissance painter from Florence.	Piero del Pollaiolo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Maria Adelaide Aglietta (4 June 1940 -- 20 May 2000) was an Italian politician, deputy for the Radical Party between 1979 and 1985 (when she resigned) and 1987 to 1989.	Adelaide Aglietta	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jogesh Das (Assamese: যোগেশ দাস; 1 April 1927 -- 9 September 1999) is an eminent short-story writer as well as a novelist from Assam.	Jogesh Das	Assamese
languages spoken or written	Birgitta Stenberg (26 April 1932 -- 23 August 2014) was a Swedish author, translator and illustrator.	Birgitta Stenberg	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Amado Boudou (Spanish pronunciation: (aˈmaðo βuˈðu); born 19 November 1962) is an Argentine businessman and government policy maker who served as the 35th Vice President of Argentina from 2011 to 2015.	Amado Boudou	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Giolitti (Italian pronunciation: (dʒoˈvanni dʒoˈlitti); October 27, 1842 -- July 17, 1928) was an Italian statesman.	Giovanni Giolitti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Sathish Krishnan is an Indian film actor and choreographer, who has worked in Tamil films.	Sathish Krishnan	Tamil
languages spoken or written	François-Henri d'Harcourt (12 January 1726 -- 22 July 1802) was Count Lillebonne, a French general, duke and peer of France .	François-Henri d'Harcourt	French
languages spoken or written	Nicholas Hardinge (1699--1758) was an English civil servant, clerk to the House of Commons from 1731 to 1752 and then Secretary to the Treasury, and a Member of Parliament known also as a neo-Latin poet.	Nicholas Hardinge	English
languages spoken or written	Seyyed Mohammad Khatami (Persian: سید محمد خاتمی‎‎, pronounced ( sejˈjed mohæmˈmæde xɒːtæˈmiː); born 29 September 1943) is an Iranian scholar, Shia theologian, and reformist politician.	Mohammad Khatami	Persian
languages spoken or written	Mohamed Hechmi Hamdi (Tunisian Arabic: محمد الهاشمي الحامدي‎), also spelled Mohamed el Hachmi El-Hamdi, Hechmi Haamdi, or Hachmi Hamdi is a Tunisian journalist, media entrepreneur and politician, who lives in London.	Mohamed Hechmi Hamdi	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Eleftherios Stavridis or Lefteris Stavridis (Greek: Ελευθέριος or Λευτέρης Σταυρίδης; 1893--1966) was a Greek journalist and politician.	Eleftherios Stavridis	Greek
languages spoken or written	Jean Pierre Edmond Jurien de La Gravière (19 November 1812 in Brest, Finistère -- 5 March 1892) was a French admiral, son of Admiral Pierre Roch Jurien de La Gravière, who served through the Revolutionary and Napoleonic wars and was a peer of France under Louis-Philippe.	Edmond Jurien de La Gravière	French
languages spoken or written	Ernst Glaeser (29 July 1902 -- 8 February 1963) was a German author, known for his best-selling pacifist novel Jahrgang 1902 (``Born in 1902'').	Ernst Glaeser	German
languages spoken or written	Jean-Pierre Gibert (1660--1736) was a French canon lawyer.	Jean-Pierre Gibert	French
languages spoken or written	Jenő Manninger (born 1955) is a Hungarian architect and politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) for Keszthely (Zala County Constituency III then II) since 2002.	Jenő Manninger	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Muiris Ó Fithcheallaigh, or Maurice O'Fihely, in Latin Mauritius de Portu Hibernicus or Mauritius Hibernicus; c. 1460 --	Muiris Ó Fithcheallaigh	Latin
languages spoken or written	Maurice Cossmann, full name Alexandre Édouard Maurice Cossmann (18 September 1850 -- 17 May 1924) was a French paleontologist and malacologist.	Maurice Cossmann	French
languages spoken or written	Liang Shuming (Chinese: 梁漱溟; pinyin: Liáng Shùmíng, Wade-Giles Liang Shu-ming; sometimes Liang Sou-ming), October 18, 1893 --	Liang Shuming	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Roger Guérin (9 January 1926, Saarbrücken -- 6 February 2010, Nîmes) was a French jazz trumpeter and singer.	Roger Guérin	French
languages spoken or written	Karl Christian Friedrich Krause (May 6, 1781 -- September 27, 1832) was a German philosopher, born at Eisenberg, in Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg.	Karl Christian Friedrich Krause	German
languages spoken or written	Sami Michael (Hebrew: סמי מיכאל‎, Arabic: سامي ميخائيل‎; born August 15, 1926) is an Israeli author.	Sami Michael	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Thomas Sturge Moore (4 March 1870 -- 18 July 1944) was an English poet, author and artist.	Thomas Sturge Moore	English
languages spoken or written	Ġużè Galea (18 July 1901 -- 26 March 1978) was a doctor and a Maltese author.	Ġużè Galea	Maltese
languages spoken or written	Olivier Costa de Beauregard (Paris, 6 November 1911 -- Poitiers, 5 February 2007) was a French relativistic and quantum physicist, and philosopher of science.	Olivier Costa de Beauregard	French
languages spoken or written	Jean-François Foucquet, also Jean-François Fouquet (12 March 1665 -- 14 March 1741), was a Burgundy French Jesuit, bishop and scientist who was active in the Jesuit China missions for 22 years.	Jean-François Foucquet	French
languages spoken or written	Hélia Correia (born 1949) is a Portuguese novelist, playwright, poet and translator.	Hélia Correia	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Erasmus Finx (November 16, 1627 -- December 20, 1694), aka Erasmus Francisci, was a German Polymath, author and writer of Christian hymns.	Erasmus Finx	German
languages spoken or written	Jacques Bernard Hombron (1798--1852) was a French naval surgeon and naturalist.	Jacques Bernard Hombron	French
languages spoken or written	Louis Billot (12 January 1846 in Sierck-les-Bains, Moselle, France -- 18 December 1931 in Ariccia, Latium, Italy) was a French Jesuit priest and theologian.	Louis Billot	French
languages spoken or written	Bernard Lorjou (September 9, 1908 -- January 26, 1986) was a French painter of Expressionism and a founding member of the anti-abstract art Group ``L'homme Témoin''.	Bernard Lorjou	French
languages spoken or written	William Blathwayt (or Blathwayte) (1649 -- 1717) was a civil servant and politician who established the War Office as a department of the British Government and played an important part in administering the English (later British) colonies of North America.	William Blathwayt	English
languages spoken or written	Matteo Ricci, S.J. (Italian: (matˈtɛo ˈrittʃi); October 6, 1552 -- May 11, 1610), was an Italian Jesuit priest and one of the founding figures of the Jesuit China missions.	Matteo Ricci	Italian
languages spoken or written	Arnaud Denjoy (French: (dɑ̃ˈʒwa); 1884--1974) was a French mathematician.	Arnaud Denjoy	French
languages spoken or written	Dr. Richard Mitchell (April 26, 1929 -- December 27, 2002) was a professor, first of English and later of classics, at Glassboro State College in Glassboro, New Jersey.	Richard Mitchell	English
languages spoken or written	Johannes Secundus (also Janus Secundus) (15 November 1511 -- 25 September 1536) was a New Latin poet of Dutch nationality.	Johannes Secundus	Latin
languages spoken or written	Adolfo Jiménez Castellanos (1844 -- January 18, 1929) was a Spanish military man who was the last Spanish Governor General of Cuba.	Adolfo Jiménez Castellanos	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Susana Medina (31 January 1966) is an English-Spanish writer.	Susana Medina	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Francisco Rico Manrique (born 28 April 1942, Barcelona) is a Spanish philologist.	Francisco Rico Manrique	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sir George Clifford, 3rd Earl of Cumberland, KG (8 August 1558 -- 30 October 1605) was an English peer, naval commander and courtier of Queen Elizabeth I.	George Clifford, 3rd Earl of Cumberland	English
languages spoken or written	Gustaw Przeczek (Polish pronunciation: (ˈɡustaf ˈpʂɛt͡ʂɛk); 30 May 1913 -- 21 February 1974) was a Polish writer, poet, teacher and activist from the Zaolzie region of Cieszyn Silesia.	Gustaw Przeczek	Polish
languages spoken or written	Gaston Sébire (August 18, 1920 - 2001) was a French painter of seascapes, landscapes, still-lifes and flowers.	Gaston Sébire	French
languages spoken or written	Aurélio Buarque de Holanda Ferreira (May 3, 1910 -- February 28, 1989) was a Brazilian lexicographer, philologist, translator, and writer, best known for editing the Novo Dicionário da Língua Portuguesa, a major dictionary of the Portuguese language.	Aurélio Buarque de Holanda Ferreira	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Siba Shakib (Persian: زیبا شکیب‎) is an Iranian/German filmmaker, writer and political activist.	Siba Shakib	German
languages spoken or written	Ion Grigorescu (born March 15, 1945 in Bucharest) is a Romanian painter, was one of the first Romanian conceptual artists and advocates of anti-art, postulating a radical consolidation of artistic activities with quotidian life.	Ion Grigorescu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Ivar Eskeland (30 November 1927 -- 23 December 2005) was a Norwegian philologist, publisher, translator, biographer, literary critic, newspaper editor, theatre worker, radio personality and organizational leader.	Ivar Eskeland	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Jesús Mosterín (born 1941) is a leading Spanish philosopher and a thinker of broad spectrum, often at the frontier between science and philosophy.	Jesús Mosterín	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Bartolomeo Facio (c. before 1410 -- 1457), Latinized as Bartholomaus Facius, was an Italian historian, writer and humanist.	Bartolomeo Facio	Italian
languages spoken or written	Francesco Cetti (9 August 1726 -- 20 November 1778) was an Italian Jesuit priest, zoologist and mathematician.	Francesco Cetti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Giuseppe Baini (October 21, 1775 -- May 21, 1844) was an Italian priest, music critic, and composer of church music.	Giuseppe Baini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Claude Closky is a French artist, born in Paris in 1963.	Claude Closky	French
languages spoken or written	Paul Sabatier (August 3, 1858 -- March 4, 1928), was a French clergyman and historian who produced the first modern biography of St. Francis of Assisi.	Paul Sabatier	French
languages spoken or written	Felicjan Medard Faleński (5 June 1825 -- 11 October 1910) was a Polish poet, playwright, prosaist and translator.	Felicjan Medard Faleński	Polish
languages spoken or written	Jean Daninos (2 December 1906 -- 13 October 2001) was a Greek-French constructor of luxury cars Facel Vega, born in Paris.	Jean Daninos	French
languages spoken or written	Helmina von Chézy (26 January 1783 -- 28 February 1856), née Wilhelmine Christiane von Klencke, was a German journalist, poet and playwright.	Helmina von Chézy	German
languages spoken or written	Jean-Étienne Marie (22 November 1917 -- 25 December 1989) was a French composer of contemporary music.	Jean-Étienne Marie	French
languages spoken or written	Annette Pehnt (born 25 July 1967 in Köln) is a German writer and literary critic.	Annette Pehnt	German
languages spoken or written	Trevor H. Howard-Hill (October 17, 1933 - June 1, 2011) was a New Zealand born scholar of English literature.	Trevor H. Howard-Hill	English
languages spoken or written	Józef Ondrusz (18 March 1918 -- 27 May 1996) was a Polish teacher, writer and folklorist from the Zaolzie region of Cieszyn Silesia.	Józef Ondrusz	Polish
languages spoken or written	Auguste-Barthélemy Glaize (1807--1893) was a French Romantic painter of history paintings and genre paintings.	Auguste-Barthélemy Glaize	French
languages spoken or written	Eduard Canimas (6 June 1965) is a Catalan musician and singer.	Eduard Canimas	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Catherine Breshkovsky (real name Yekaterina Konstantinovna Breshko-Breshkovskaya, Russian: Екатерина Константиновна Брешко-Брешковская; 13 January 1844 -- 12 September 1934) was a Russian socialist, better known as Babushka the Grandmother of the Russian Revolution.	Catherine Breshkovsky	Russian
languages spoken or written	Ursula Wolf (born 4 November 1951 in Karlsruhe) is a German philosophy teacher and writer.	Ursula Wolf	German
languages spoken or written	Francis Edward Newman Rogers MP (26 December 1868 -- 28 March 1925) was an English Liberal politician, member of parliament for Devizes from 1906 to 1910.	Francis Edward Newman Rogers	English
languages spoken or written	Luigi Piccinato (30 October 1899 -- 29 July 1983) was an Italian architect and town planner.	Luigi Piccinato	Italian
languages spoken or written	Gracia Querejeta (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈɡɾaθja keɾeˈxeta); Madrid, 13 August 1962) is a Spanish film director.	Gracia Querejeta	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Samay Raj Thakkar (Hindi: समय राज ठक्कर, born: 21 October 1966) is an Indian actor and voice actor who specialises in dubbing foreign media in the Hindi language.	Samay Raj Thakkar	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Joseph-Benoît Suvée (3 January 1743 -- 9 February 1807) was a Flemish painter strongly influenced by French neo-classicism.	Joseph-Benoît Suvée	French
languages spoken or written	František Muzika (26 June 1900 -- 1 November 1974) was a Czech artist and a prominent representative of avant-garde in Czechoslovakia in the first half of the 20th century.	František Muzika	Czech
languages spoken or written	Christoph Biemann (born 1952) is a German writer, director and producer and one of the presenters of the award-winning children's television show, Die Sendung mit der Maus.	Christoph Biemann	German
languages spoken or written	David Aja (born April 16, 1977) is a Spanish comic book artist, best known for his work on The Immortal Iron Fist and Hawkeye.	David Aja	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Lennart Hyland (24 September 1919 -- 15 March 1993), was a Swedish TV-show host and journalist and one of the most popular and renowned TV personalities in the history of Swedish television.	Lennart Hyland	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Alojzy Feliński (1771 in Łuck - 1820 in Krzemieniec) was a Polish writer.	Alojzy Feliński	Polish
languages spoken or written	Francisco Largo Caballero (15 October 1869 -- 23 March 1946) was a Spanish politician and trade unionist.	Francisco Largo Caballero	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jeanne Baptiste d'Albert de Luynes, comtesse de Verrue (18 January 1670 -- 18 November 1736) was a French noblewoman and the mistress of Victor Amadeus II of Sardinia.	Jeanne Baptiste d'Albert de Luynes	French
languages spoken or written	E. Dale Saunders (1919--1995) was an American scholar of Romance languages and literature, Japanese Buddhism, classical Japanese literature, and East Asian civilization.	E. Dale Saunders	Japanese
languages spoken or written	José Saraiva Martins, C.M.F., GCC (born 6 January 1932) is a Portuguese Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.	José Saraiva Martins	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Bolivians (Spanish: Bolivianos) are the people that inhabit the Plurinational State of Bolivia.	Bolivians	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Thengai Srinivasan (21 October 1937 -- 9 November 1988) was an Indian actor and comedian, who appeared in Tamil-language films in the 1970s and early 1980s.	Thengai Srinivasan	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Giovan Battista Cini (1525 -- c. 1586) was an Italian renaissance playwright at the court of the Medici in Florence.	Giovan Battista Cini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Georges Louis Humbert (8 April 1862 -- 1921) was a French general during World War I. He was the son of Émile Siméon Humbert, a gendarme and Nathalie Augustine Eulalie Breton.	Georges Louis Humbert	French
languages spoken or written	André Colomer (4 December 1886 -- 7 October 1931) was a French poet and anarchist.	André Colomer	French
languages spoken or written	Wolfgang Schivelbusch (born November 26, 1941 in Berlin) is a German scholar of cultural studies, historian, and book author.	Wolfgang Schivelbusch	German
languages spoken or written	Francesco Barilli (born 4 February 1943 in Parma) is an Italian actor, film director, screenwriter and painter.	Francesco Barilli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Manuel Cañete (1822--1891) was a Spanish journalist, literary critic and playwright whose work is linked to Romanticism.	Manuel Cañete	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Paul Loye (1861--1890) was a French physician and ``préparateur'' for various physiological courses at the Sorbonne in the 1880s.	Paul Loye	French
languages spoken or written	Kurt Ludecke (Berlin, 5 February 1890 -- Prien am Chiemsee, 1960) was an ardent German nationalist, a playboy and international traveler who joined the Nazi party in the early 1920s and who used his social connections to raise money for the NSDAP.	Kurt Ludecke	German
languages spoken or written	Carlo Alberto Biggini (December 9, 1902 -- November 19, 1945) was an Italian Fascist politician who served as Minister of Education before and after proclamation of the Italian Social Republic under Benito Mussolini.	Carlo Alberto Biggini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Hendrik Born (born 5 July 1944 in Loitz, Province of Pomerania, Germany) is a former Vizeadmiral (vice admiral) of the East German Navy (Volksmarine) and the last chief of the People's Navy and its youngest Vizeadmiral.	Hendrik Born	German
languages spoken or written	Albertet de Sestaro, sometimes called Albertet de Terascon (fl. 1194--1221), was a Provençal jongleur and troubadour from the Gapençais (Gapensés in Occitan).	Albertet de Sestaro	Occitan
languages spoken or written	Kurt Kren was born in 1929 in Vienna, Austria to a family of a Jewish father (a bank employee) and German mother.	Kurt Kren	German
languages spoken or written	Joyce Mansour (25 July 1928 -- 27 August 1986) was an Egyptian-French author, notable as a Surrealist poet.	Joyce Mansour	French
languages spoken or written	(German) Konrad Farner, Hans Erni, Weg und Zielsetzung des Künstlers.	Hans Erni	German
languages spoken or written	Luis Rosales Camacho (31 May 1910 -- 24 October 1992) was a Spanish poet and essay writer member of the Generation of '36.	Luis Rosales	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Manu Rishi (Hindi: मनु ऋषि) is an Indian film actor, lyricist, script and dialogue writer.	Manu Rishi	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Camille Le Mercier d'Erm (1888 in Rennes - 1978 in Dinard) was a French poet, historian and Breton nationalist.	Camille Le Mercier d'Erm	French
languages spoken or written	Benoît Jacquot (born 5 February 1947) is a French film director and screenwriter who has had a varied career in European cinema.	Benoît Jacquot	French
languages spoken or written	Charles Cuvillier (24 April 1877 -- 14 February 1955) was a French composer of operetta.	Charles Cuvillier	French
languages spoken or written	Federico Krutwig Sagredo (1921--1998) was a Basque Spanish writer, philosopher and politician, author of several books.	Federico Krutwig	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Miloš Minić (Милош Минић) (28 August 1914, Preljina, Čačak, Kingdom of Serbia -- 5 September 2003, Belgrade, Serbia-Montenegro) was a Serbian communist politician.	Miloš Minić	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Suzuki Harunobu (Japanese: 鈴木 春信; c. 1725 -- 7 July 1770) was a Japanese designer of woodblock print artist in the Ukiyo-e style.	Suzuki Harunobu	Japanese
languages spoken or written	Federico Jiménez Losantos is a popular and controversial Spanish pundit, being most known for his radio talk show, but also a TV host and literary author.	Federico Jiménez Losantos	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Albano Carrisi (Italian: (alˈbaːno karˈriːzi); born 20 May 1943), better known as Al Bano, is an Italian singer, actor, and winemaker.	Albano Carrisi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Sergio Mur (born on May 23, 1977 in Madrid, Comunidad de Madrid, Spain), is a Spanish television actor.	Sergio Mur	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Grazia Varisco (born 1937 in Milan) is an Italian visual artist and designer.	Grazia Varisco	Italian
languages spoken or written	Augustin-Jean Fresnel (/freɪˈnɛl/ fray-NEL; French: (ɔ.ɡy.stɛ̃ ʒɑ̃ fʁɛ.nɛl); 1788--1827), was a French engineer and physicist who contributed significantly to the establishment of the theory of wave optics.	Augustin-Jean Fresnel	French
languages spoken or written	Anna Westberg (1946--2005) was a Swedish novelist and non-fiction writer.	Anna Westberg	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Jonathan Pereira Rodríguez (born 12 May 1987), sometimes known simply as Jonathan, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Lugo.	Jonathan Pereira Rodríguez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Pierre Vago (30 August 1910 in Budapest -- 1 February 2002 in Noisy-sur-École) was a notable French architect.	Pierre Vago	French
languages spoken or written	Ulysse Chevalier (February 24, 1841 -- October 27, 1923) was a French bibliographer and historian.	Ulysse Chevalier	French
languages spoken or written	Francis Cabrel (born 23 November 1953, Agen) is a French singer-songwriter and guitarist.	Francis Cabrel	French
languages spoken or written	Bjørn Nørgaard (born 21 May 1947 in Copenhagen) is a Danish artist who has been active in a variety of fields.	Bjørn Nørgaard	Danish
languages spoken or written	William Philip Honywood (15 April 1790 -- 22 April 1831) was an English Whig politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1818 to 1830.	William Philip Honywood	English
languages spoken or written	Feng Jicai (simplified Chinese: 冯骥才; traditional Chinese: 馮驥才; pinyin: Féng Jìcái) is an author who focuses most of his works on writing stories which explain historical events that have occurred in his hometown of Tianjin, China.	Feng Jicai	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Johann Ludwig Tellkampf (28 January 1808 -- 15 February 1876) was a German scholar and politician who taught in Germany and the United States.	Johann Ludwig Tellkampf	German
languages spoken or written	Alfred Claude Aimé Girard (December 22, 1830 -- April 12, 1898) was a French chemist and agronomist who was a professor at the Conservatoire des Arts et Métiers.	Aimé Girard	French
languages spoken or written	Alessandro Blasetti (3 July 1900 -- 1 February 1987) was an Italian film director and screenwriter who influenced Italian neorealism with the film Quattro passi fra le nuvole.	Alessandro Blasetti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Rosemary Sutcliff CBE (14 December 1920 -- 23 July 1992) was an English novelist best known for children's books, especially historical fiction and retellings of myths and legends.	Rosemary Sutcliff	English
languages spoken or written	Julien Le Paulmier (1520 in Agneaux -- 1588) was a French Protestant and physician.	Julien Le Paulmier	French
languages spoken or written	Charles Delestraint (12 March 1879 - 19 April 1945) was a French Army lieutenant general and member of the French Resistance during World War II. He also befriended Charles de Gaulle.	Charles Delestraint	French
languages spoken or written	Christian Weise (30 April 1642 -- 21 October 1708), also known under the pseudonyms Siegmund Gleichviel, Orontes, Catharinus Civilis and Tarquinius Eatullus, was a German writer, dramatist, poet, pedagogue and librarian of the Baroque era.	Christian Weise	German
languages spoken or written	Jef Aérosol is the pseudonym of Jean-François Perroy (born January 15, 1957), a French stencil graffiti artist.	Jef Aérosol	French
languages spoken or written	Alexandre Charles Lecocq (3 June 1832 -- 24 October 1918) was a French musical composer.	Charles Lecocq	French
languages spoken or written	Tuvia Tenenbom (born 1957 in Bnei Brak, Israel) is a theater director, playwright, author, journalist, essayist and the founding artistic director of the Jewish Theater of New York, the only English-speaking Jewish theater in New York City.	Tuvia Tenenbom	English
languages spoken or written	Wolfram Setz (born July 7, 1941) is a German historian, editor, translator, and essayist.	Wolfram Setz	German
languages spoken or written	Wilhelm Kolle (born 2 November 1868 in Lerbach near Osterode am Harz, died 10 May 1935) was a German bacteriologist and hygienist.	Wilhelm Kolle	German
languages spoken or written	Michael López-Alegría (born May 30, 1958) is a Spanish-American astronaut; a veteran of three Space Shuttle missions and one International Space Station mission.	Michael López-Alegría	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jacques Friedel ForMemRS (French: (fʁidɛl); 11 February 1921 -- 27 August 2014) was a French physicist and material scientist.	Jacques Friedel	French
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Heinrich Vering (b. at Liesborn in Westphalia, 9 March 1833; d. at Prague, 30 March 1896) was a German canon lawyer, a defender of the Catholic Church against the State.	Friedrich Heinrich Vering	German
languages spoken or written	Janusz Minkiewicz (born June 25, 1914 in St. Petersburg -- May 29, 1981 in Warsaw) was a Polish writer, translator, journalist and satirist.	Janusz Minkiewicz	Polish
languages spoken or written	Ahasverus Fritsch (16 December 1629 -- 24 August 1701) was a German jurist, poet and hymn writer of the Baroque era.	Ahasverus Fritsch	German
languages spoken or written	Heiner Bielefeldt (April 12, 1958) is a German philosopher, historian and Catholic theologian.	Heiner Bielefeldt	German
languages spoken or written	Anna Ciocchetti Millán (Madrid, June 24, 1968) is a Spanish-born Mexican actress and singer.	Anna Ciocchetti	Spanish
languages spoken or written	César Évora (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈsesaɾ ˈeβoɾa); born César Évora y Díaz on November 4, 1959 in Havana, Cuba) is a Cuban-born Mexican actor.	César Évora	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Catiuscia Marini (born 25 September 1967) is an Italian politician and the current President of the Italian region of Umbria.	Catiuscia Marini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Willy Holt (30 November 1921 -- 22 June 2007) was an American production designer and art director, who lived in France for many years and worked extensively for the French film industry.	Willy Holt	French
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Falcone (Italian: (dʒoˈvanni falˈkoːne); 18 May 1939 -- 23 May 1992) was an Italian judge and prosecuting magistrate.	Giovanni Falcone	Italian
languages spoken or written	Senthil Kumar (Tamil: செந்தில் குமார்) (born 18 October 1978), popularly known as Mirchi Senthil is an Indian film and television actor, television presenter, radio jockey and voice actor.	Senthil Kumar	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Joseph Gaertner (March 12, 1732 -- July 14, 1791) was a German botanist, best known for his work on seeds, De Fructibus et Seminibus Plantarum (1788-1792).	Joseph Gaertner	German
languages spoken or written	Ferdinando Petruccelli della Gattina (August 28, 1815 - March 29, 1890) was an Italian journalist, patriot and politician.	Ferdinando Petruccelli della Gattina	Italian
languages spoken or written	Gabriel Scott (8 March 1874 -- 9 July 1958) was a Norwegian poet, novelist, playwright and children's writer.	Gabriel Scott	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Charles Williamson Crook (4 March 1862 -- 29 March 1926) was an English teacher, trade union official and a Conservative and Unionist Party politician.	Charles Williamson Crook	English
languages spoken or written	Kasëm Trebeshina (born 5 August 1926, in Berat, Albania) is an Albanian writer and dissident.	Kasëm Trebeshina	Albanian
languages spoken or written	Paolo Giordano (born 1982) is an Italian writer who won the Premio Strega literary award with his first novel The Solitude of Prime Numbers.	Paolo Giordano	Italian
languages spoken or written	Pia Tafdrup (born 29 May 1952 in Copenhagen) is a Danish writer; primarily a poet, she has also written a novel and two plays, as well as works for radio.	Pia Tafdrup	Danish
languages spoken or written	Georges de Layens (6 January 1834 in Lille -- 23 October 1897 in Nice) was a French botanist and apiculturalist.	Georges de Layens	French
languages spoken or written	Zoltán Bagó (born on 10 January 1975 in Kalocsa) is a Hungarian politician and Member of the European Parliament with the Hungarian Civic Party, part of the European People's Party.	Zoltán Bagó	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Jacques Forest (June 14, 1920 -- February 16, 2012) was a French carcinologist.	Jacques Forest	French
languages spoken or written	Olha Petrivna Kosach (29 June 1849 -- 4 October 1930), better known by her pen name Olena Pchilka, was a Ukrainian publisher, writer, ethnographer, interpreter, civil activist.	Olena Pchilka	Ukrainian
languages spoken or written	Josip Ribičič (3 November 1886 -- 7 June 1969) was a Slovene writer, known as an author of popular children's literature.	Josip Ribičič	Slovene
languages spoken or written	Nicolas Schöffer (Hungarian: Schöffer Miklós; September 6, 1912 -- January 8, 1992) was a Hungarian-born French artist.	Nicolas Schöffer	French
languages spoken or written	Georges Darmois (24 June 1888 -- 3 January 1960) was a French mathematician and statistician.	Georges Darmois	French
languages spoken or written	Abu al-Fadl Abbas Ibn al-Ahnaf, (750 in Basra-809), Arabic, عباس بن الأحنف, was an Arab Abbasid poet from the clan of Hanifa.	Abbas Ibn al-Ahnaf	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Robert-Henri Bautier (19 April 1922 -- 19 October 2010) was a French archivist and medievalist.	Robert-Henri Bautier	French
languages spoken or written	Baligh Hamdi (Arabic: بليغ حمدي‎) (October 7, 1932 -- September 17, 1993) was an Egyptian composer who created hit songs for many prominent Arabic singers, especially during the 1960s and 1970s.	Baligh Hamdi	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Lidia Ravera (born 6 February 1951 in Turin, Piedmont) is an Italian writer, journalist, essayist and screenwriter.	Lidia Ravera	Italian
languages spoken or written	Étienne-Joseph Floquet (23 November 1748 -- 10 May 1785) was a French composer, mainly of operas.	Étienne-Joseph Floquet	French
languages spoken or written	Hellmut Ritter (February 27, 1892 -- 19 May 1971), a leading German Orientalist specialising in Arabic, Persian, and Turkish, and an authority on Sufi ritual and mysticical beliefs.	Hellmut Ritter	German
languages spoken or written	Chava Alberstein (Hebrew: חוה אלברשטיין‎, born December 8, 1947) is an Israeli singer, lyricist, composer, and musical arranger.	Chava Alberstein	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Roberto Sanseverino d'Aragona (1418 -- 10 August 1487) was an Italian condottiero, count of Colorno from 1458 to 1477 and count of Caiazzo from 1460 until his death.	Roberto Sanseverino d'Aragona	Italian
languages spoken or written	Orderic Vitalis (Latin: Ordericus Vitalis; 1075 -- c. 1142) was an English chronicler and Benedictine monk who wrote one of the great contemporary chronicles of 11th- and 12th-century Normandy and Anglo-Norman England.	Orderic Vitalis	Latin
languages spoken or written	Áron Tamási (born: János Tamás; 20 September 1897 -- 26 May 1966) was a Hungarian writer.	Áron Tamási	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Pietro Trifone (Rome, 27 April 1951), is an Italian linguist.	Pietro Trifone	Italian
languages spoken or written	Henri Cordier (8 August 1849 -- 16 March 1925) was a French linguist, historian, ethnographer, author, editor and Orientalist.	Henri Cordier	French
languages spoken or written	Andrés Manjón y Manjón (Sargentes de la Lora, 30 November 1846-1923) was a Spanish priest and educator who founded the Escuelas del Ave-María (Schools of Ave Maria) in Granada.	Andrés Manjón	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Baron Jöns Jacob Berzelius (Swedish: (jœns ˌjɑːkɔb bæɹˈseːliɵs); 20 August 1779 -- 7 August 1848), named by himself and contemporary society as Jacob Berzelius, was a Swedish chemist.	Jöns Jacob Berzelius	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Cynewulf is one of twelve Old English poets known by name, and one of four whose work is known to survive today.	Cynewulf	Old English
languages spoken or written	Friedrich von Sallet (20 April 1812 -- 21 February 1843) was a German writer, most notable for his political and religion-critiquing poems.	Friedrich von Sallet	German
languages spoken or written	Ousmane Sembène (1 January 1923 -- 9 June 2007), often credited in the French style as Sembène Ousmane in articles and reference works, was a Senegalese film director, producer and writer.	Ousmane Sembène	French
languages spoken or written	Carl David Tolmé Runge (German: (ˈʀʊŋə); 1856--1927) was a German mathematician, physicist, and spectroscopist.	Carl David Tolmé Runge	German
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Lista is an Italian art historian and art critic born in Italy on February 13, 1943 at Castiglione del Lago (Perugia) and now living in Paris.	Giovanni Lista	Italian
languages spoken or written	Ramarajan (Tamil: ராமராஜன்) is a Tamil film actor who specialised in acting films on village-based subjects.	Ramarajan	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Anatole Jean-Baptiste Antoine de Barthélemy (1 July 1821 -- 27 June 1904) was a French archaeologist and numismatist.	Anatole Jean-Baptiste Antoine de Barthélemy	French
languages spoken or written	Zygmunt Zaleski of Lubicz coat of arms (September 29, 1882 in Klonowiec near the Kielce, Poland -- December 15, 1967 in Paris, France), pseudonymes R. de Bron, R. Debron, was a Polish literature historian, literary critic, poet, publicist, translator.	Zygmunt Zaleski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Olga Tokarczuk ((tɔˈkart͡ʂuk); born 29 January 1962) is one of the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful Polish writers of her generation, particularly noted for the hallmark mythical tone of her writing.	Olga Tokarczuk	Polish
languages spoken or written	Franz Rosenzweig (December 25, 1886 -- December 10, 1929) was a German Jewish theologian, philosopher, and translator.	Franz Rosenzweig	German
languages spoken or written	Jaume Busquets i Mollera (Girona, 1904 - Barcelona, 1968) was a Catalan sculptor and painter of the noucentisme generation.	Jaume Busquets	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Juanjo Guarnido is a Spanish illustrator and the co-author of the comic book series Blacksad.	Juanjo Guarnido	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Heinrich von der Hagen (February 19, 1780 -- June 11, 1856) was a German philologist, chiefly distinguished for his researches in Old German literature.	Friedrich Heinrich von der Hagen	German
languages spoken or written	Antoni Dufriche-Desgenettes (26 February 1804, Paris -- 19 December 1878, Saint-Mandé), baptized Antoine Marie Dufriche-Foulaines, was a French seafaring merchant, poet and amateur phonetician.	Antoni Dufriche-Desgenettes	French
languages spoken or written	Saleh Al-Fawzan (Arabic: صالح بن فوزان الفوزان), born 1933, is an Islamic scholar and has been a member of several high religious bodies in Saudi Arabia.	Saleh Al-Fawzan	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Antoine Vitez (20 December 1930 -- 30 April 1990) was a French actor, director, and poet.	Antoine Vitez	French
languages spoken or written	Georg Joseph Vogler, also known as Abbé Vogler (June 15, 1749 -- May 6, 1814), was a German composer, organist, teacher and theorist.	Georg Joseph Vogler	German
languages spoken or written	Antoine Porot, (1876 (Chalone-sur-Saône) - 1965) was a French psychiatrist.	Antoine Porot	French
languages spoken or written	Jean Launois (November 22, 1898 -- November 22, 1942) was a French artist.	Jean Launois	French
languages spoken or written	Claus Toksvig (21 October 1929 -- 4 November 1988) was a Danish journalist and broadcaster who, as the Danish Broadcasting Corporation's first ever permanent foreign correspondent, is widely acknowledged as one of the greatest figures in Danish broadcasting history.	Claus Toksvig	Danish
languages spoken or written	Arsinée Khanjian (Western Armenian: Արսինէ Խանճեան, Eastern Armenian: Արսինե Խանջյան; born 6 September 1958) is an Armenian-Canadian actress and producer.	Arsinée Khanjian	Armenian
languages spoken or written	Halid Ziya Uşaklıgil (also spelled Halit and Uşakizâde) (Turkish pronunciation: (haːˈlit ziˈjaː uˌʃaklɯˈɟil); 1866 -- 27 March 1945) was a Turkish author, poet, and playwright.	Halid Ziya Uşaklıgil	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Hans Fiederer (21 January 1920 -- 15 December 1980) was a German international footballer.	Hans Fiederer	German
languages spoken or written	Flora Tristan's mother, Anne-Pierre Laisnay, was French; the couple met in Bilbao, Spain.	Flora Tristan	French
languages spoken or written	Edmund Bogdanowicz (11 November 1857 -- 25 July 1911) was a Polish poet, writer and journalist.	Edmund Bogdanowicz	Polish
languages spoken or written	Miguel Ángel Gómez Martínez (born 1949 in Granada, Spain) is a Spanish conductor and composer.	Miguel Ángel Gómez Martínez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Lucretius's love of the countryside invites speculation that he inhabited family-owned rural estates, as did many wealthy Roman families, and he certainly was expensively educated with a mastery of Latin, Greek, literature, and philosophy.	Lucretius	Latin
languages spoken or written	Ljubomir Jovanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Љубомир Јовановић, 14 February 1865 -- 2 October 1928) was a Serbian politician and historian.	Ljubomir Jovanović	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Arianna Savall i Figueras (born 1972 in Basel, Switzerland) is a Swiss-born Spanish classical singer, harpist and composer.	Arianna Savall	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Alessandro Barbero (born April 30, 1959) is an Italian historian, novelist and essayist.	Alessandro Barbero	Italian
languages spoken or written	Josep Maria Espinàs i Massip (Catalan pronunciation: (ʒuˈzɛb məˈɾi.ə əspiˈnas); born 7 March 1927) is a Catalan writer, journalist and publisher known for his novels, travel writing and newspaper articles.	Josep Maria Espinàs	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Agustín Muñoz Grandes (27 January 1896 -- 11 July 1970) was a Spanish general, and politician, vice-president of the Spanish Government and minister with Francisco Franco several times; also known as the commander of the Blue Division between 1941 and 1943.	Agustín Muñoz Grandes	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Takako Shigematsu is a Japanese manga artist most famous for her manga series Tenshi Ja Nai.	Takako Shigematsu	Japanese
languages spoken or written	Paul Allard (b. Rouen 15 September 1841 -- 1916) was a French archaeologist, historian and jurist.	Paul Allard	French
languages spoken or written	Antonio Ibáñez Freire (25 September 1913 - 9 May 2003) was a Spanish politician and military commander.	Antonio Ibáñez Freire	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Isabel Alçada (born 29 May 1950) is a Portuguese writer and teacher.	Isabel Alçada	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Miguel Abensour (born 1939) is a French philosopher specializing in political philosophy.	Miguel Abensour	French
languages spoken or written	Victor Henri (6 June 1872 -- 21 June 1940) was a French-Russian physical chemist and physiologist.	Victor Henri	French
languages spoken or written	Leszek Nowak (Więckowice, Tarnów County, 7 January 1943 -- Poznań, 20 October 2009) was a Polish philosopher.	Leszek Nowak	Polish
languages spoken or written	Friedrich von Oppeln-Bronikowski (April 7, 1873 -- October 9, 1936) was a German writer, translator, publisher and cultural historian.	Friedrich von Oppeln-Bronikowski	German
languages spoken or written	José Sanfrancisco Orero, born on April 9, 1944 (Valencia) Spain is a Spanish painter, sculptor, poet and writer belonging to the expressionism movement.	José Sanfrancisco Orero	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sven Havsteen-Mikkelsen (16 September 1912, Argentina -- 14 February 1999, Ærøskøbing) was a Danish painter who is remembered for his old Nordic landscapes, his church decorations and his woodcuts.	Sven Havsteen-Mikkelsen	Danish
languages spoken or written	Louis-Mathieu Langlès (23 August 1763 -- 28 January 1824) was a French academic, philologist, linguist, translator, author, librarian and orientalist.	Louis-Mathieu Langlès	French
languages spoken or written	Volker Kriegel (24 December 1943 -- 15 June 2003) was a German jazz guitarist and composer born in Darmstadt, Germany, perhaps most noteworthy for his contributions to the European jazz rock genre and for his collaborations with the American vibraphonist Dave Pike.	Volker Kriegel	German
languages spoken or written	Jacques Taminiaux (French: (taminjo); born 29 May 1928, Seneffe) is a Belgian philosopher, Professor since 1989 at Boston College in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts, United States.	Jacques Taminiaux	French
languages spoken or written	Manel Esclusa (born 13 April 1952, Vic, Catalonia) is a Catalan photographer and Professor of Photography at the Eina School in Barcelona and the Institute of Photographic Studies of Catalonia.	Manel Esclusa	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Beata Obertyńska, (pen name ``Marta Rudzka''), born July 18, 1898, near Skole, died May 21, 1980 in London was a Polish writer and poet.	Beata Obertyńska	Polish
languages spoken or written	Jozef Tomko (born 11 March 1924) is a Slovak Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.	Jozef Tomko	Slovak
languages spoken or written	Pierre Adolphe Adrien Doyon (French: (dwa.jɔ̃); November 1, 1827 -- September 21, 1907) was a French dermatologist and balneologist born in Grenoble.	Pierre Adolphe Adrien Doyon	French
languages spoken or written	Luigi Maria Ugolini (1895--1936) was an Italian archaeologist.	Luigi Maria Ugolini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Anna Soler-Pont (b. 1968), is a Spanish writer.	Anna Soler-Pont	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o (Gikuyu pronunciation: (ᵑɡoɣe wa ðiɔŋɔ); born 5 January 1938) is a Kenyan writer, formerly working in English and now working in Gikuyu.	Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o	English
languages spoken or written	Hovhannes ``Jean'' Semerdjian (9 March 1920 -- 27 August 2013), also known as Jean Jansem, was a French-Armenian painter.	Jean Jansem	French	Armenian
languages spoken or written	Francis Monckton (7 March 1844--30 September 1926) was an English Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1871 to 1885.	Francis Monckton	English
languages spoken or written	Pierre Cholenec (June 29, 1641 -- October 30, 1723) was a French Jesuit missionary and biographer in New France.	Pierre Cholenec	French
languages spoken or written	Jacques Grange, born in 1944, is a French interior designer.	Jacques Grange	French
languages spoken or written	Javier Navarrete (born 1956, Teruel) is a Spanish composer of film scores.	Javier Navarrete	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Heinrich Jacoby (1889--1964), originally a musician, was a German educator whose teaching was based on developing sensitivity and awareness.	Heinrich Jacoby	German
languages spoken or written	Renato Altissimo (4 October 1940 -- 17 April 2015) was an Italian politician and minister.	Renato Altissimo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Gerardo Olivares is a Spanish filmmaker and screenwriter born in 1964 in Córdoba, Andalusia .	Gerardo Olivares	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Eduard Franck (5 October 1817 -- 1 December 1893) was a German composer, pianist and music pedagogue.	Eduard Franck	German
languages spoken or written	Max Born (German: (bɔɐ̯n); 11 December 1882 -- 5 January 1970) was a German physicist and mathematician who was instrumental in the development of quantum mechanics.	Max Born	German
languages spoken or written	Gwennole Le Menn (1938--2009) was a Breton writer, editor and lexicographer.	Gwennole Le Menn	Breton
languages spoken or written	Hans Belting (born 7 July 1935 in Andernach) is a German art historian and theorist of medieval and Renaissance art, as well as contemporary art and image theory.	Hans Belting	German
languages spoken or written	Jülide Gülizar (1929 -- March 14, 2011) was a Turkish anchorwoman and journalist.	Jülide Gülizar	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Sija Rose (born 11 July 1990) is an Indian actress, who mostly appears in Malayalam and Tamil films.	Sija Rose	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Johann Christoph Weigel, known as Christoph Weigel the Elder (November 9, 1654 -- February 5, 1725), was a German engraver, art dealer and publisher.	Christoph Weigel the Elder	German
languages spoken or written	Kazimieras Būga (Lithuanian pronunciation: (kɐˈzʲɪˈmʲiərɐs buːˈɡɐ); November 6, 1879 -- December 2, 1924) was a Lithuanian linguist and philologist.	Kazimieras Būga	Lithuanian
languages spoken or written	Marcel Lermoyez (24 July 1858 -- 1 February 1929) was a French otolaryngologist and surgeon who was a native of Cambrai.	Marcel Lermoyez	French
languages spoken or written	Nina Karin Monsen (born 29 May 1943 in Bergen) is a Norwegian moral philosopher and author.	Nina Karin Monsen	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Francisco Cerdá y Rico (1739--1800) was a Spanish erudite, humanist, jurist and writer.	Francisco Cerdá y Rico	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Julius Büdel (8 August 1903 -- 28 August 1983) was a German geomorphologist noted for his work on the influence of climate in shaping landscapes and landforms.	Julius Büdel	German
languages spoken or written	Eliseo Martín Omenat (born 5 November 1973 in Monzón) is an Aragonese Spanish long-distance runner who specializes in 3000 metres steeplechase.	Eliseo Martín	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Piero Angela, Grand Officer OMRI (born 22 December 1928) is an Italian television host, science journalist, writer and pianist.	Piero Angela	Italian
languages spoken or written	Juan de Ávalos y García-Taborda (October 21, 1911 in Mérida -- July 7, 2006 in Clínica Virgen del Mar, Madrid) was a Spanish sculptor.	Juan de Ávalos	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Melanie Walsh (born 18 July 1964) is an English writer and illustrator of children's books.	Melanie Walsh	English
languages spoken or written	Jean-Baptiste Denys (1643 - 3 October 1704) was a French physician notable for having performed the first fully documented human blood transfusion, a xenotransfusion.	Jean-Baptiste Denys	French
languages spoken or written	Alexandru Zub (born October 12, 1934) is a Romanian historian, biographer, essayist, political activist and academic.	Alexandru Zub	Romanian
languages spoken or written	George Leyburn (1593--1677) was an English Catholic priest, who became President of the English College, Douai.	George Leyburn	English
languages spoken or written	Carlos Mulas Granados (Madrid, Spain, 1974) is a Spanish economist and former university professor, specialists in macroeconomics, public finances and European economics.	Carlos Mulas Granados	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Luis Miguel Martín Berlanas (born 11 January 1972 in Madrid) is a former Spanish long-distance runner.	Luis Miguel Martín	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ovidiu Ioan Silaghi (Romanian pronunciation: (oˈvidju iˈo̯an ˈsilaɡi); born December 12, 1962) is a Romanian politician.	Ovidiu Ioan Silaghi	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Vitaliano Brancati (Italian pronunciation: (vitaˈljaːno braŋˈkaːti); 24 July 1907 -- 25 September 1954) was an Italian novelist, dramatist, poet and screenwriter.	Vitaliano Brancati	Italian
languages spoken or written	Sir Thomas Fowell Buxton, 1st Baronet (1 April 1786 -- 19 February 1845) was an English Member of Parliament, brewer, abolitionist and social reformer.	Fowell Buxton	English
languages spoken or written	Richard Parkes Bonington (25 October 1802 -- 23 September 1828) was an English Romantic landscape painter, who moved to France at the age of 14 and can also be considered as a French artist, and an intermediary bringing aspects of English style to France.	Richard Parkes Bonington	English
languages spoken or written	Michiel de Swaen (Dutch: (mɪˈçiˑl də ˈzβ̞aˑn); 20 January 1654 -- 3 May 1707) was a surgeon and a rhetorician from the Southern Netherlands.	Michiel de Swaen	Dutch
languages spoken or written	On March 16, 1764, Francisco Javier de la Torre arrived at Marinduque riding on a Spanish frigate Santa Rosa.	Francisco Javier de la Torre	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Nicolas Édouard Delabarre-Duparcq (1819--1893) was a French military critic and historian, born at Saint-Cloud, Seine-et-Oise.	Nicolas Édouard Delabarre-Duparcq	French
languages spoken or written	John Dillon (4 September 1851 -- 4 August 1927) was an Irish politician from Dublin, who served as a Member of Parliament (MP) for over 35 years and was the last leader of the Irish Parliamentary Party.	John Dillon	Irish
languages spoken or written	Sir Codrington Edmund Carrington (22 October 1769 -- 28 November 1849) was an English barrister, Chief justice of Ceylon, and a member of the UK Parliament.	Codrington Edmund Carrington	English
languages spoken or written	Count Eigil Knuth (8 August 1903 -- 12 March 1996) was a Danish explorer, archaeologist, sculptor and writer.	Eigil Knuth	Danish
languages spoken or written	Stefano Raffaele (born March 15, 1970) is an Italian comics book artist.	Stefano Raffaele	Italian
languages spoken or written	James Spedding (28 June 1808,-- 9 March 1881) was an English author, chiefly known as the editor of the works of Francis Bacon.	James Spedding	English
languages spoken or written	Ernesto de Zulueta y Samá (10 July 1855 in La Granja de San Ildefonso -- 2 December 1919 in Bilbao), Spanish Politician.	Ernesto de Zulueta y Samá	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Antoine-Denis Chaudet (3 March 1763 -- 18 April 1810) was a French sculptor who worked in a neoclassical style.	Antoine-Denis Chaudet	French
languages spoken or written	Anupurath Krishnankutty, popularly known as Mundur Krishnankutty (17 July 1935 -- 4 June 2005), is a Malayalam--language writer from Kerala state, India.	Mundur Krishnankutty	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Usharani is an Indian film actress who acted prominently in Malayalam films.	Usharani	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Zbigniew Drzewiecki (8 April 1890 -- 11 April 1971) was a Polish pianist especially associated with the interpretation of Frédéric Chopin's works, who was for most of his life a teacher of pianists.	Zbigniew Drzewiecki	Polish
languages spoken or written	Hong Yi (1880--1942; Chinese: 弘一; pinyin: Hóngyī), born Li Shutong (李叔同) was a Chinese Buddhist monk, artist and art teacher.	Hong Yi	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Sir Stephen Bartlett Lakeman, also known as Mazar Paşa or Mozhar Pasha (1823 -- 1900) was an English-born British and Ottoman adventurer, soldier, and administrator.	Stephen Bartlett Lakeman	English
languages spoken or written	Franco Manzi (born February 17, 1966) is an Italian Catholic priest and academic.	Franco Manzi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Dr. Jules Guyot (17 May 1807 -- March 31, 1872) was a French physician and agronomist who was born in the commune of Gyé-sur-Seine in the department of Aube.	Jules Guyot	French
languages spoken or written	Emin Bektóre (also transliterated in Turkish as: Emin Bektöre) (1906-1995) was a Dobrujan-born Crimean Tatar folklorist, ethnographer, lyricist, and activist for ethnic Tatar causes.	Emin Bektóre	Crimean Tatar
languages spoken or written	Elio Ciol (born 1929) is an Italian photographer and publisher who was born in Casarsa della Delizia in Friuli-Venezia Giulia, the region where he has principally lived and worked.	Elio Ciol	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jakov Ignjatović (Serbian Cyrillic: Јаков Игњатовић, 8 December 1822 -- 5 July 1889) was a Serbian 19th century novelist and prose writer from Hungary.	Jakov Ignjatović	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Daniele Archibugi is an Italian economic and political theorist.	Daniele Archibugi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Guillaume-Chrétien de Lamoignon de Malesherbes (6 December 1721 -- 23 April 1794), often referred to as Malesherbes or Lamoignon-Malesherbes, was a French statesman, minister, and afterwards counsel for the defence of Louis XVI.	Guillaume-Chrétien de Lamoignon de Malesherbes	French
languages spoken or written	Jean-Luc Cerdin (born ca 1974) is a French organizational theorist, Professor at the French business school ESSEC, known for his contributions on human resources management.	Jean-Luc Cerdin	French
languages spoken or written	Léopold Flameng (Brussels 22 November 1831 -- September 1911) was a French engraver, illustrator and painter.	Léopold Flameng	French
languages spoken or written	Gabrielle Houbre is a French historian.	Gabrielle Houbre	French
languages spoken or written	Pierre René Jean Baptiste Henri Brocard (12 May 1845 -- 16 January 1922) was a French meteorologist and mathematician, in particular a geometer.	Henri Brocard	French
languages spoken or written	Rossana Campo (born October 17, 1963 in Genoa, Italy) is an Italian writer and painter.	Rossana Campo	Italian
languages spoken or written	John Salt (born 2 August 1937) is an English artist, whose greatly detailed paintings from the late 1960s onwards made him one of the pioneers of the photorealist school.	John Salt	English
languages spoken or written	Rainer Werner Fassbinder (pronounced (ˈʀaɪ̯nɐ ˈvɛʁnɐ ˈfasˌbɪndɐ); 31 May 1945 -- 10 June 1982) was a German film director, screenwriter, and actor.	Rainer Werner Fassbinder	German
languages spoken or written	Henri Arnold Seyrig (French: (sɛʁiɡ); 10 November 1895 -- 21 January 1973) was a French Alsatian Archaeologist numismatist, and historian of Antiquity.	Henri Arnold Seyrig	French
languages spoken or written	Guillaume Lamy (1644--1683) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy, and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie.	Guillaume Lamy	French
languages spoken or written	Mary Renault (/ˈrɛnoʊlt/; 4 September 1905 -- 13 December 1983), born Eileen Mary Challans, was an English writer best known for her historical novels set in Ancient Greece.	Mary Renault	English
languages spoken or written	Alfred Edward Housman (/ˈhaʊsmən/; 26 March 1859 -- 30 April 1936), usually known as A. E. Housman, was an English classical scholar and poet, best known to the general public for his cycle of poems A Shropshire Lad.	A. E. Housman	English
languages spoken or written	José Bergamín Gutiérrez (Madrid, 1895 -- Fuenterrabía, August 28, 1983) was a Spanish writer, essayist, poet, and playwright.	José Bergamín	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Gopala Chandra Praharaj (9 September 1874 -- 16 May 1945) was a writer and linguist in the Odia language, well known as the compiler of the Purnachandra Odia Bhashakosha.	Gopala Chandra Praharaj	Odia
languages spoken or written	Francesco Dal Co (born 29 December 1945) is an Italian historian of architecture.	Francesco Dal Co	Italian
languages spoken or written	Gustave-Antoine Richelot (1806 -- September 1893) was a French physician born in Nantes.	Gustave-Antoine Richelot	French
languages spoken or written	Gerhard Tersteegen (November 25, 1697 -- April 3, 1769), was a German Reformed religious writer.	Gerhard Tersteegen	German
languages spoken or written	Alexander von Stahl (born June 10, 1938 in Berlin) is a German lawyer, liberal politician and civil servant.	Alexander von Stahl	German
languages spoken or written	Steven Berkoff (born 3 August 1937) is an English actor, author, playwright and theatre director.	Steven Berkoff	English
languages spoken or written	Antonio Maria Ceriani (May 2, 1828 -- March 2, 1907) was an Italian prelate, Syriacist, and scholar.	Antonio Maria Ceriani	Italian
languages spoken or written	Joaquín Arderíus y Sánchez Fortún (May 1885, Lorca, in Murcia--January 20, 1969, Mexico City) was a Spanish experimental and political novelist.	Joaquín Arderíus	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Hans Magnus Enzensberger (born 11 November 1929 in Kaufbeuren) is a German author, poet, translator and editor.	Hans Magnus Enzensberger	German
languages spoken or written	Pablo de Olavide y Jáuregui (Lima, Viceroyalty of Peru, 1725 January 25 -- Baeza, Spain, 1803, February 25) was a Spanish politician, lawyer and writer.	Pablo de Olavide	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Hippolyte-Jules Pilet de La Mesnardière (1610, Le Loroux-Bottereau -- 4 June 1663, Paris) was a French physician, man of letters and dramatist.	Hippolyte-Jules Pilet de La Mesnardière	French
languages spoken or written	Sasha Sokolov (born Александр Всеволодович Соколов/Alexander Vsevolodovitch Sokolov on November 6, 1943, in Ottawa, Canada) is a paradoxical writer of Russian literature.	Sasha Sokolov	Russian
languages spoken or written	Adolf Zeising (24 September 1810 -- 27 April 1876) was a German psychologist, whose main interests were mathematics and philosophy.	Adolf Zeising	German
languages spoken or written	Mara Branković (c. 1416 in Vučitrn -- 14 September 1487), also known as Sultana Marija, Mara Hatun, Despina Hatun, or Amerissa, was the daughter of Serbian monarch Đurađ (George) Branković and Eirene Kantakouzene.	Mara Branković	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Martial Étienne Mulsant (2 March 1797 - 4 November 1880) was a French entomologist and ornithologist.	Étienne Mulsant	French
languages spoken or written	Polly Samson (born 29 April 1962) is an English novelist, lyricist and journalist.	Polly Samson	English
languages spoken or written	Dilip Dholakia (15 October 1921 - 2 January 2011), often credited as D. Dilip or Diliprai in Hindi films, was an Indian music composer and singer.	Dilip Dholakia	Hindi
languages spoken or written	James Hogg (1770 -- 21 November 1835) was a Scottish poet, novelist and essayist who wrote in both Scots and English.	James Hogg	English
languages spoken or written	Helîm Yûsiv (Amûdê, 1967) is a Syrian Kurdish writer and lawyer.	Helîm Yûsiv	Kurdish
languages spoken or written	Walter Eucken (German: (ˈɔʏkn̩); 17 January 1891 -- 20 March 1950) was a German economist of the Freiburg school and father of ordoliberalism.	Walter Eucken	German
languages spoken or written	José Leite de Vasconcelos Cardoso Pereira de Melo (7 July 1858 -- 17 May 1941) was a Portuguese ethnographer, archaeologist and prolific author who wrote extensively on Portuguese philology and prehistory.	José Leite de Vasconcelos	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	François Eugène Turpin (30 September 1848 -- 24 January 1927) was a French chemist involved in research of explosive materials.	Eugène Turpin	French
languages spoken or written	Auguste François, (20 August 1857 -- 4 July 1935) was a French consul first in Paraguay between 1893 and 1895 then in southern China between 1896 and 1904, first in Longzhou in Guangxi province and Kunming in Yunnan.	Auguste François	French
languages spoken or written	Jean-Jacques Aillagon (born 2 October 1946, Metz) is a French politician, a close confidant of Jacques Chirac and member of the Union for a Popular Movement (UMP) political party.	Jean-Jacques Aillagon	French
languages spoken or written	Tawfiq al-Hakim or Tawfik el-Hakim (October 9, 1898 -- July 26, 1987) (Arabic: توفيق الحكيم‎ Tawfīq al-Ḥakīm) was a prominent Egyptian writer.	Tawfiq al-Hakim	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Ghassan Tueni (Arabic: غسان تويني‎‎; 5 January 1926 -- 8 June 2012) was a veteran Lebanese journalist, politician and diplomat who headed An Nahar, one of the Arab World's leading newspapers.	Ghassan Tueni	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Jan Alberto Soggin (10 March 1926 -- 27 October 2010) was a leading Italian Biblical scholar.	Alberto Soggin	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jarosław Marek Rymkiewicz (Jarosław Marek Szulc; born 13 July 1935, in Warsaw) is a Polish poet, essayist, dramatist and literary critic.	Jarosław Marek Rymkiewicz	Polish
languages spoken or written	Veselin Čajkanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Веселин Чајкановић; 1881 in Belgrade -- 1946) was a Serbian classical scholar, religious history scholar, and Greek and Latin translator.	Veselin Čajkanović	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Liang Zongdai (Chinese: 梁宗岱) (1903--1983) was a Chinese poet and translator.	Liang Zongdai	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Leopoldo María Panero (16 June 1948 -- 5 March 2014) was a Spanish poet, commonly placed in the Novísimos group.	Leopoldo María Panero	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Peter Laugesen (born 5 March 1942 in Copenhagen) is a Danish poet and playwright who lives in Arhus.	Peter Laugesen	Danish
languages spoken or written	Mathurin Méheut (1882-1958) was a French painter, ceramist, engraver, and etcher best known for his depictions of Breton scenes, the sea, and nature.	Mathurin Méheut	French
languages spoken or written	Valentina Vezzali (Italian pronunciation: (valenˈtina vetˈtsali); born 14 February 1974) is an Italian fencer and politician.	Valentina Vezzali	Italian
languages spoken or written	Manfred Fuhrmann (23 June 1925 -- 12 January 2005) was a professor for classical Latin philology and one of the most eminent German philologists.	Manfred Fuhrmann	German
languages spoken or written	David Jiménez Pinteño known as David DeMaría (born January 20, 1976) is a Spanish singer and songwriter.	David DeMaría	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Friedrich von Logau (January 1605 -- 24 July 1655) was a German poet and epigrammatist of the Baroque era.	Friedrich von Logau	German
languages spoken or written	Pierre Boitard (27 April 1787 Mâcon, Saône-et-Loire -- 1859) was a French botanist and geologist.	Pierre Boitard	French
languages spoken or written	Cécile Brunschvicg (French: (sesil bʁœ̃svik)), born Cécile Kahn (19 July 1877, Enghien-les-Bains -- 5 October 1946, Neuilly-sur-Seine), was a French feminist politician.	Cécile Brunschvicg	French
languages spoken or written	Francisco Mancebo Pérez (born March 9, 1976 in Madrid) is a Spanish professional cyclist.	Francisco Mancebo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Miodrag Kojadinović is a polyglot and writes in English, Serbian, Dutch, and French and speaks two dozen other European and Asian languages.	Miodrag Kojadinović	English
languages spoken or written	Sir John Guise, 4th Baronet (1701 - May 1769), of Elmore and Rendcomb, Gloucestershire, was an English politician.	Sir John Guise, 4th Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	Gerhard Stapelfeldt (born October 26, 1947, Hamburg, Germany) is a German sociologist.	Gerhard Stapelfeldt	German
languages spoken or written	Rosa Conde Gutiérrez del Álamo (born 7 September 1947) was a Spanish Government spokesperson and is a lecturer.	Rosa Conde	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Juan Abelló (born 16 December 1941) is a Spanish businessman and art collector.	Juan Abelló	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Héloïse (variously spelled Helöise, Héloyse, Hélose, Heloisa, Helouisa, Eloise, and Aloysia, among other variations) was a brilliant scholar of Latin, Greek and Hebrew, and had a reputation for intelligence and insight.	Héloïse	Latin
languages spoken or written	Peter Didsbury (born 1946) is an English poet who was born in Fleetwood, Lancashire but lived most of his life in Hull, in the East Riding of Yorkshire.	Peter Didsbury	English
languages spoken or written	Oskar Strnad in the Aeiou Encyclopedia (German) elib.uni-stuttgart.de:	Oskar Strnad	German
languages spoken or written	Osbert Salvin FRS (25 February 1835 -- 1 June 1898) was an English naturalist, ornithologist, and herpetologist best known for co-authoring Biologia Centrali-Americana (1879--1915) with Frederick DuCane Godman.	Osbert Salvin	English
languages spoken or written	Edme-François Jomard (French: (ʒɔmaʁ); 1777 -- September 22, 1862) was a French cartographer, engineer, and archaeologist.	Edme-François Jomard	French
languages spoken or written	Guillermo Toledo (born Madrid, 22 May 1970), professionally known as Willy Toledo, is a Spanish film and television actor, theater producer and political activist.	Guillermo Toledo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Varujan Vosganian (Romanian pronunciation: (varuˈʒan vosɡaniˈan); Armenian: Վարուժան Ոսկանյան, born 25 July 1958) is a Romanian politician, economist, essayist and poet.	Varujan Vosganian	Romanian
languages spoken or written	William Crotch (5 July 1775 -- 29 December 1847) was an English composer and organist.	William Crotch	English
languages spoken or written	J. Pallassery is an Indian film script writer and actor in Malayalam movies.	J. Pallassery	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Andreas Brandhorst (born in Sielhorst, Rahden, Germany on May 26, 1956 ) is a translator (English to German) and author of fantasy and science fiction.	Andreas Brandhorst	German
languages spoken or written	Adrien-Marie Legendre (French: (adʁiɛ̃ maʁi ləʒɑ̃ːdʁ); 18 September 1752 -- 10 January 1833) was a French mathematician.	Adrien-Marie Legendre	French
languages spoken or written	Ladislav Deák (January 13, 1931 -- November 15, 2011) was a prominent Slovak historian.	Ladislav Deák	Slovak
languages spoken or written	Adrien Bertrand (4 August 1888, Nyons -- 18 November 1917) was a French novelist whose short career was punctuated by a series of striking surrealist anti-war novels, written as Bertrand lay dying from complications involved in a wound he suffered whilst serving with the French Army in the First World War.	Adrien Bertrand	French
languages spoken or written	August Gottlieb Spangenberg (15 July 1704 -- 18 September 1792) was a German theologian and minister, and a bishop of the Moravian Brethren.	August Gottlieb Spangenberg	German
languages spoken or written	Franz Heinrich Schwechten (12 August 1841 -- 11 August 1924) was one of the most famous German architects of his time, and contributed to the development of historicist architecture.	Franz Heinrich Schwechten	German
languages spoken or written	Luciano Berio, Cavaliere di Gran Croce OMRI(October 24, 1925 -- May 27, 2003) was an Italian composer.	Luciano Berio	Italian
languages spoken or written	Sidhartha Siva (born May 5, 1985) is a National Award winning Malayalam film director, writer and actor.	Sidhartha Siva	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Cao Bá Quát (高伯适, 1809--1855) was a Vietnamese poet and revolutionary who led a peasant uprising against Emperor Tự Đức.	Cao Bá Quát	Vietnamese
languages spoken or written	Gertrude Aretz née Kuntze-Dolton (1889-1938) was a German historian and publisher.	Gertrude Aretz	German
languages spoken or written	Gonzalo Torrente Malvido (1935--2011) was a Spanish novelist, screenwriter and writer.	Gonzalo Torrente Malvido	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Crystal Kay Williams (born February 26, 1986 in Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan), simply known as Crystal Kay, is a Japanese singer, songwriter, radio host and actress.	Crystal Kay	Japanese
languages spoken or written	Alberto Moravia (Italian pronunciation: (alˈbɛrto moˈraːvja); November 28, 1907 -- September 26, 1990), born Alberto Pincherle, was an Italian novelist and journalist.	Alberto Moravia	Italian
languages spoken or written	Anne Nivat (born June 18, 1969) is an award-winning French journalist and war correspondent who has covered conflicts in Chechnya, Iraq, and Afghanistan.	Anne Nivat	French
languages spoken or written	Sir Godfrey Copley, 2nd Baronet FRS (/ˈkɒpli/; c. 1653 -- 9 April 1709) was a wealthy English landowner, art-collector and public figure, who lived at Sprotbrough House, near Doncaster in South Yorkshire.	Sir Godfrey Copley, 2nd Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	Khondakar Ashraf Hossain (Bengali: খোন্দকার আশরাফ হোসেন; 4 January 1950 -- 16 June 2013) was a leading poet, essayist, translator and editor from Bangladesh.	Khondakar Ashraf Hossain	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Juliana Morell (16 February 1594 -- 26 June 1653) was a Spanish Dominican nun, and the first woman to receive a Doctor of Laws degree.	Juliana Morell	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Abdul Halim Sharar (Urdu: عبدالحلیم شرار‎; September 4, 1860 -- December, 1926) was a prolific Indian author, playwright, essayist and historian from Lucknow.	Abdul Halim Sharar	Urdu
languages spoken or written	Martin Buber (Hebrew: מרטין בובר‎, German: Martin Buber, Yiddish: מארטין בובער‎; February 8, 1878 -- June 13, 1965) was an Austrian-born Israeli Jewish philosopher best known for his philosophy of dialogue, a form of existentialism centered on the distinction between the I--	Martin Buber	German
languages spoken or written	Franciszek Dionizy Kniaźnin (4 October 1750, Vitebsk -- 25 August 1807, Końskowola) is considered to be one of the most distinguished Polish poets of the Polish sentimentalism in the Enlightenment period.	Franciszek Dionizy Kniaźnin	Polish
languages spoken or written	Hans Hækkerup (3 December 1945 -- 22 December 2013) was a Danish politician who has served as a member of parliament (Folketing) for the Social Democratic party and as the Minister of Defense in four cabinets of Poul Nyrup Rasmussen.	Hans Hækkerup	Danish
languages spoken or written	Hans Speier (February 3, 1905 -- February 17, 1990) was an American sociologist with German origin.	Hans Speier	German
languages spoken or written	Orélie-Antoine de Tounens (May 12, 1825 -- September 17, 1878) was a French lawyer, and adventurer, who assumed the title of King of Araucanía and Patagonia.	Orélie-Antoine de Tounens	French
languages spoken or written	Giuseppe Di Vittorio, also known under the pseudonym Nicoletti (August 11, 1892 -- November 3, 1957), was an Italian syndicalist trade unionist and communist politician, one of the most influential leaders of the labor movement after World War I.	Giuseppe Di Vittorio	Italian
languages spoken or written	Carl Wilhelm Hermann Nothnagel (28 September 1841 -- 7 July 1905) was a German internist born in Alt-Lietzegöricke (Polish: Stare Łysogórki), nearby Bärwalde in der Neumark (Polish: Mieszkowice), Neumark, Brandenburg.	Hermann Nothnagel	German
languages spoken or written	Julian Kornhauser (born 20 September 1946 in Gliwice, Poland) is a Polish-Jewish poet and literary critic.	Julian Kornhauser	Polish
languages spoken or written	Pierre Mollier le Cavailler is a French historian, born in Lyon in 1961.	Pierre Mollier	French
languages spoken or written	Eugène Dutuit (7 April 1807 -- 25 June 1886) was a French politician and art collector who also wrote several works on art history.	Eugène Dutuit	French
languages spoken or written	Daniel Casey (born 1 June 1972) is an English actor.	Daniel Casey	English
languages spoken or written	Arthur Moritz Schoenflies (German: (ˈʃøːnfliːs); 17 April 1853 -- 27 May 1928), sometimes written as Schönflies, was a German mathematician, known for his contributions to the application of group theory to crystallography, and for work in topology.	Arthur Moritz Schoenflies	German
languages spoken or written	Hugh Candidus (c. 1095 -- c. 1160) was a monk of the Benedictine monastery at Peterborough, who wrote a Medieval Latin account of its history, from its foundation as Medeshamstede in the mid 7th century up to the mid 12th century.	Hugh Candidus	Latin
languages spoken or written	Robert Sténuit worked as a professional diver for the French company SOGETRAM (Société Générale de Travaux Maritimes et Fluviaux), but eventually left SOGETRAM to become the chief diver for Edwin Link's Man in Sea project.	Robert Sténuit	French
languages spoken or written	Martin Helwig (Latin: Martino Heilwig) (5 November 1516 -- 26 January 1574) was a German cartographer of and from Silesia and pedagogue.	Martin Helwig	German
languages spoken or written	Ernst Theodor Amadeus Hoffmann (commonly abbreviated as E. T. A. Hoffmann; born Ernst Theodor Wilhelm Hoffmann; 24 January 1776 -- 25 June 1822), was a German Romantic author of fantasy and horror, a jurist, composer, music critic, draftsman and caricaturist.	E. T. A. Hoffmann	German
languages spoken or written	Malte Herwig (born 2 October 1972) is a German-born author, journalist, and literary critic.	Malte Herwig	German
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Gundolf, born Friedrich Leopold Gundelfinger (20 July 1880 -- 12 July 1931) was a German-Jewish literary scholar and poet and one of the most famous academics of the Weimar Republic.	Friedrich Gundolf	German
languages spoken or written	Horst Brünner (1929--2008) was deputy Defense Minister in the East German Council of Ministers and chief of the Central Political Administration of the National People's Army.	Horst Brünner	German
languages spoken or written	Bertrand P. Collomb is a French business executive.	Bertrand P. Collomb	French
languages spoken or written	Gilles Saint-Paul (born 8 February 1963) is a French economist at the Toulouse 1 University Social Sciences.	Gilles Saint-Paul	French
languages spoken or written	Wang Xufeng (Chinese: 王旭烽; pinyin: Wáng Xùfēng; born 1955) is an influential Chinese writer and tea expert.	Wang Xufeng	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Harald Høffding (11 March 1843 -- 2 July 1931) was a Danish philosopher and theologian.	Harald Høffding	Danish
languages spoken or written	Antonino Zichichi (Italian pronunciation: (antoˈniːno ddziˈkiːki); born October 15, 1929 in Trapani, Sicily) is an Italian physicist who has worked in the field of nuclear physics.	Antonino Zichichi	Italian
languages spoken or written	David Polhill (1674 -- 15 January 1754) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1710 and 1754.	David Polhill	English
languages spoken or written	Laura Betti (May 1, 1927 -- July 31, 2004) was an Italian actress known particularly for her work with directors Federico Fellini, Pier Paolo Pasolini and Bernardo Bertolucci.	Laura Betti	Italian
languages spoken or written	János Garay (10 October 1812 -- 5 November 1853) was a Hungarian poet and author, was born in Szekszárd, Tolna County.	János Garay	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Jenny Weleminsky, née Elbogen (12 June 1882--4 February 1957), was a German-speaking Esperantist and translator who lived in Prague, Czechoslovakia and Thalheim, Lower Austria.	Jenny Weleminsky	German
languages spoken or written	Heinrich Besseler (April 2, 1900 -- July 25, 1969) was a German musicologist born in Hörde, Germany.	Heinrich Besseler	German
languages spoken or written	William John Kenneth Diplock, Baron Diplock, QC (8 December 1907 -- 14 October 1985) was an English judge and Law Lord.	Kenneth Diplock, Baron Diplock	English
languages spoken or written	Sancho Dávila Toledo (Sancho de Avila) (Ávila, Old Castile, 1546, -- Plasencia, Caceres, 6 or 7 December 1625) was a Spanish bishop.	Sancho Dávila Toledo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Aeschylus (/ˈiːskᵻləs/ or /ˈɛskᵻləs/; Greek: Αἰσχύλος Aiskhulos; Ancient Greek: (ai̯s.kʰý.los); c. 525/524 -- c. 456/455 BC) was an ancient Greek tragedian.	Aeschylus	ancient Greek
languages spoken or written	Barbara Schöneberger (born 5 March 1974) is a German actress, singer, and TV host.	Barbara Schöneberger	German
languages spoken or written	Vasco da Gama, 1st Count of Vidigueira, (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈvaʃku ðɐ ˈɣɐmɐ); c. 1460s -- 23 December 1524) was a Portuguese explorer.	Vasco da Gama	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	In 1967 Friedrich Heer became the first winner of the Martin Buber-Franz Rosenzweig Medal, awarded by a group of forty-four German societies for Christian and Jewish understanding, for his achievement with God's First Love.	Friedrich Heer	German
languages spoken or written	Hermann Rorschach (German: (ˈhɛrman ˈroːrʃax); 8 November 1884 -- 1 April 1922) was a Swiss Freudian psychiatrist and psychoanalyst, best known for developing a projective test known as the Rorschach inkblot test.	Hermann Rorschach	German
languages spoken or written	Jane Avril (9 June 1868 -- 17 January 1943) was a French can-can dancer made famous by Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec through his paintings.	Jane Avril	French
languages spoken or written	Ettore Petrolini (January 13, 1884 -- June 29, 1936) was an Italian stage and film actor, playwright, screenwriter and novelist.	Ettore Petrolini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Mariusz Zaruski (1867--1941) was a Brigadier-General in the Polish Army, a pioneer of Polish sports yachting, an outstanding climber of the winter and caves of Tatra Mountains.	Mariusz Zaruski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Sir Theodore Fry, 1st Baronet (1 May 1836 -- 5 February 1912) was an English businessman and Liberal Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1880 to 1895.	Theodore Fry	English
languages spoken or written	Michael Wieck (born 19 July 1928) is a German violinist and author.	Michael Wieck	German
languages spoken or written	Mukri (5 January 1922 -- 4 September 2000) was an Indian film actor, who worked as a comedian in Hindi films.	Mukri	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Archduke Leopold Wilhelm of Austria (January 5, 1614 -- November 20, 1662) was an Austrian military commander, Governor of the Spanish Netherlands from 1647 to 1656, and a patron of the arts.	Archduke Leopold Wilhelm of Austria	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ottupulackal Velukkuty Vijayan (2 July 1930 -- 30 March 2005), commonly known as O. V. Vijayan, was an Indian author and cartoonist, who was an important figure in modern Malayalam language literature.	O. V. Vijayan	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Eduard von Borsody (German: (ˈboʁʒodi); 13 June 1898 -- 1 January 1970) was an Austrian cameraman, film editor, film director and screenplay writer.	Eduard von Borsody	German
languages spoken or written	Phyllis Bedells (9 August 1893 -- 2 May 1985) was an English ballerina and teacher.	Phyllis Bedells	English
languages spoken or written	Charles Eugène Bertrand (2 January 1851, Paris -- 18 August 1917) was a French botanist, paleobotanist and geologist.	Charles Eugène Bertrand	French
languages spoken or written	Theodor Lerner (10 April 1866 -- 12 May 1931) was a German journalist and polar explorer who conducted several expeditions to Svalbard.	Theodor Lerner	German
languages spoken or written	Mario Bencastro (born 1949) is a Salvadoran novelist and painter who has also written both plays and short stories that have been published in Spanish and English.	Mario Bencastro	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sir William Lawrence, 1st Baronet, FRCS, FRS (Cirencester, 16 July 1783 -- London, 5 July 1867) was an English surgeon who became President of the Royal College of Surgeons of London and Serjeant Surgeon to the Queen.	Sir William Lawrence, 1st Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	Bogo Grafenauer (16 March 1916 -- 12 May 1995) was a Slovenian historian, who mostly wrote about medieval history in the Slovene Lands.	Bogo Grafenauer	Slovene
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Wöhler (31 July 1800 -- 23 September 1882) was a German chemist, best known for his synthesis of urea, but also the first to isolate several chemical elements.	Friedrich Wöhler	German
languages spoken or written	Paul Bocuse (pronounced: (pɔl bokyz)) (born 11 February 1926) is a French chef based in Lyon who is famous for the high quality of his restaurants and his innovative approaches to cuisine.	Paul Bocuse	French
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Benedetto Castiglione (baptized 23 March 1609 -- 5 May 1664) was an Italian Baroque artist, painter, printmaker and draftsman, of the Genoese school.	Giovanni Benedetto Castiglione	Italian
languages spoken or written	Roland Stelter (born in Berlin in 1953) is a German author, visual artist and designer.	Roland Stelter	German
languages spoken or written	Pedro Antonio Vega Rodríguez (born 19 July 1979 in Vega de San Mateo, Las Palmas, Canary Islands) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a left winger.	Pedro Antonio Vega Rodríguez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Thomas Warburton (born 4 March 1918 in Vaasa) is a Finnish writer, translator, and recipient of the Eino Leino Prize in 1997.	Thomas Warburton	Finnish
languages spoken or written	Adrien Dauzats, a French landscape and genre painter, was born at Bordeaux in 1804.	Adrien Dauzats	French
languages spoken or written	Oskar Kuhn (7 March 1908, Munich -- 1990) was a German palaeontologist.	Oskar Kuhn	German
languages spoken or written	Paul Thieme (German: (paʊl ˈtiːmə); 18 March 1905 -- 24 April 2001) was a German Ιndologist and scholar of Vedic Sanskrit.	Paul Thieme	German
languages spoken or written	Ioan Slavici (Romanian pronunciation: (iˈo̯an ˈslavit͡ʃʲ); January 18, 1848 -- August 17, 1925) was a Transylvanian-born Romanian writer and journalist.	Ioan Slavici	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Luc Delahaye (born 1962) is a French photographer known for his large-scale color works depicting conflicts, world events or social issues.	Luc Delahaye	French
languages spoken or written	Enrique Gil Robles (1849-1908) was a Spanish law scholar and a Carlist theorist.	Enrique Gil Robles	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Alain Jacquet (22 February 1939 -- 4 September 2008) was a French artist representative of the American Pop Art movement.	Alain Jacquet	French
languages spoken or written	Juan Antonio González Iglesias (born 1964 in Salamanca) is a Spanish poet who writes primarily in Castilian.	Juan Antonio González Iglesias	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Mathias Döpfner (born January 15, 1963), is Chief Executive Officer of German media group Axel Springer SE.	Mathias Döpfner	German
languages spoken or written	Bibhutibhushan Bandyopadhyay ( listen ) (12 September 1894 -- 1 November 1950) was an Indian Bengali author and one of the leading writers of modern Bengali literature.	Bibhutibhushan Bandyopadhyay	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Gérard Rancinan is a French photographer whose work has appeared in publications such as Sports Illustrated, Time, Life Magazine, Sunday Times Magazine, and Paris Match.	Gérard Rancinan	French
languages spoken or written	Lieutenant-General Henry Freydenberg (14 December 1876 -- 20 August 1975) was a French army officer.	Henry Freydenberg	French
languages spoken or written	Julio Salinas Fernández (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈxuljo saˈlinas ferˈnandeθ); born 11 September 1962) is a Spanish retired footballer who played during the 1980s and 1990s.	Julio Salinas	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Paravoor Bharathan was an Indian actor of Malayalam films.	Paravoor Bharathan	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Alexander, Prince of Schaumburg-Lippe (Ernst August Alexander Christian Viktor Hubert) (born 25 December 1958) is the head of the House of Schaumburg-Lippe, which ruled the sovereign principality of the same name within the German Empire until 1918.	Alexander, Prince of Schaumburg-Lippe	German
languages spoken or written	Anis Mansour, also transliterated as Anīs Manṣūr (Arabic: أنيس منصور‎, IPA: (ʔæˈniːs mɑnˈsˤuːɾ)) (18 August 1925 -- 21 October 2011) was an Egyptian writer.	Anis Mansour	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Ivan Aguéli (born John Gustaf Agelii) (May 24, 1869 - October 1, 1917) also named Sheikh 'Abd al-Hādī 'Aqīlī (Arabic: شيخ عبد الهادی عقیلی‎) upon his conversion to Islam, was a Swedish wandering Sufi, painter and author.	Ivan Aguéli	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Pío Baroja y Nessi (28 December 1872 -- 30 October 1956) was a Spanish writer, one of the key novelists of the Generation of '98.	Pío Baroja	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Abbé Jacques Testu de Belval (c. 1626, Paris -- June 1706) was a French ecclesiastic and poet.	Jacques Testu de Belval	French
languages spoken or written	Corinne Hofmann is a German born author living in Switzerland, most famous for her multi-million selling memoir Die weisse Massai (The White Masai).	Corinne Hofmann	German
languages spoken or written	Luthea Salom is a Spanish indie folk singer-songwriter born in Barcelona and based in New York City.	Luthea Salom	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Zofka Kveder (22 April 1878 -- 21 November 1926) was a writer, playwright, translator and journalist who wrote in Slovene and later in life also in Croatian.	Zofka Kveder	Slovene
languages spoken or written	Hans-Jürgen Syberberg (born 8 December 1935) is a German film director, whose best known film is his lengthy feature, Hitler:	Hans-Jürgen Syberberg	German
languages spoken or written	Rami Saari (Hebrew: רמי סערי‎; b. 1963, Petah Tikva, Israel) is an Israeli poet, translator, linguist and literary critic.	Rami Saari	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Mihai Șora (Romanian pronunciation: (miˈhaj ˈʃora); born November 7, 1916 in Ianova) is a Romanian philosopher and essayist.	Mihai Șora	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Francis Otter (1831 -- 29 May 1895) was an English Liberal politician.	Francis Otter	English
languages spoken or written	Elias von Cyon, also known as Elie de Cyon, born Ilya Fadeyevich Tsion (Russian- Илья Фаддеевич Цион); (March 25, 1843 -- 1912) was a Russian-French physiologist born in Telšiai, Russian Empire (today Lithuania).	Elias von Cyon	Russian	French
languages spoken or written	Henry John Trotter (8 December 1835 -- 6 December 1888) was an English barrister, railway director and Conservative politician.	Henry John Trotter	English
languages spoken or written	Jane Merrow (born Jane Meirowsky, 26 August 1941) is a British actress, born in Hertfordshire to an English mother and German refugee father, who was active in the 1960s and 1970s in Britain and the United States.	Jane Merrow	English
languages spoken or written	Hector Durville (1849--1923) was a French occultist, magnetizer in the late 19th century.	Hector Durville	French
languages spoken or written	María Mercedes Milá Mencos (born 4 April 1951) is a Spanish television presenter and journalist, most notable for her work on Spain's Telecinco's Gran Hermano, the Spanish version of the reality television series Big Brother.	Mercedes Milá	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Paul Klee (German: (paʊ̯l ˈkleː); 18 December 1879 -- 29 June 1940) was a Swiss-German painter.	Paul Klee	German
languages spoken or written	The Venerable Louis-Marie Baudouin (2 August 1765 - 12 February 1835) was a French Roman Catholic priest who was the founder of the Sons of Mary Immaculate and also the Ursulines of Jesus.	Louis-Marie Baudouin	French
languages spoken or written	Robert Gaston André Maréchal (10 December 1916 -- 14 October 2007) was a French researcher and administrator in optics.	André Maréchal	French
languages spoken or written	Tiziano Sclavi (born April 3, 1953 in Broni) is an Italian comic book author, journalist and writer of several novels.	Tiziano Sclavi	Italian
languages spoken or written	William Egerton (originally William Tatton) (1749 -- 1806) was an English politician and a member of the Egerton family.	William Egerton	English
languages spoken or written	Guo Moruo (Chinese: 郭沫若; pinyin: Guō Mòruò; Wade--Giles: Kuo Mo-jo; November 16, 1892 -- June 12, 1978), courtesy name Dingtang (鼎堂), was a Chinese author, poet, historian, archaeologist, and government official from Sichuan, China.	Guo Moruo	Chinese
languages spoken or written	María Luisa Elío Bernal (17 August 1926 -- 17 July 2009) was a Spanish writer and actress exiled in Mexico.	María Luisa Elío	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Georges Coutagne (20 September 1854, in Lyon -- 18 August 1928, in Saint-Genis-Laval) was a French biologist, botanist, engineer, malacologist and naturalist.	Georges Coutagne	French
languages spoken or written	Ulrich Wehling (born 8 July 1952 in Halle) is a retired German skier who won the nordic combined event in the Winter Olympics three consecutive times, in 1972, 1976, and 1980.	Ulrich Wehling	German
languages spoken or written	Baron Eligius Franz Joseph von Münch-Bellinghausen (German: Eligius Franz Joseph Freiherr von Münch-Bellinghausen) (April 2, 1806 -- May 22, 1871) was an Austrian dramatist, poet and novella writer of the Austrian Biedermeier period and beyond, and is more generally known under his pseudonym Friedrich Halm.	Friedrich Halm	German
languages spoken or written	Niccolò Ghedini (Padua, 22 December 1959) is an Italian lawyer and politician.	Niccolò Ghedini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jeroen van de Weijer (born August 29, 1965, Nijmegen) is a Dutch linguist who teaches phonology, morphology, phonetics, psycholinguistics, historical linguistics and other courses at Shanghai International Studies University, where he is Full Professor of English linguistics under the ``211-Project'' at the School of English Studies.	Jeroen van de Weijer	English
languages spoken or written	Alessandro Longo (31 December 1864 -- 3 November 1945) was an Italian composer and musicologist.	Alessandro Longo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Charles Lethbridge Kingsford (25 December 1862 -- 29 November 1926) was known as a scholarly English historian and author.	Charles Lethbridge Kingsford	English
languages spoken or written	Robert Morden (c.1650-1703) was an English bookseller, publisher, and maker of maps and globes.	Robert Morden	English
languages spoken or written	Pierre Dejussieu-Pontcarral (14 February 1898, Lyon - 1 August 1984, Paris) was a French military man who fought during World War I, and again during World War II when he became one of the leaders of French Resistance.	Pierre Dejussieu-Pontcarral	French
languages spoken or written	Grga Novak (1888--1978) was a distinguished Croatian historian, archaeologist and geographer, President of the Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts from 1958 to 1978.	Grga Novak	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Charles-Antoine Cambon (1802 -- 23 October 1875) was a French scene-painter, born in Paris.	Charles-Antoine Cambon	French
languages spoken or written	Emil Haraszti (1885 - 1958) was a Hungarian born French music critic and author.	Emil Haraszti	Hungarian	French
languages spoken or written	Adel Smith (1960 - August 22, 2014), born as Emilio Smith in Alexandria, Egypt, was an Italian Muslim known for his radical stances and often accused of fundamentalism.	Adel Smith	Italian
languages spoken or written	Zbigniew Morsztyn (Morstin, Morstyn) (ca. 1628 -- December 13, 1689) was a Polish poet.	Zbigniew Morsztyn	Polish
languages spoken or written	Bernardo Rucellai (11 August 1448 -- 7 October 1514), also known as Bernardo di Giovanni Rucellai or as Latin:	Bernardo Rucellai	Latin
languages spoken or written	Jean Dufy (March 12, 1888 - May 12, 1964) was a French painter of Parisian society, country scenes, circuses, horse races, stages, and orchestras.	Jean Dufy	French
languages spoken or written	Haydée Tamara Bunke Bider (November 19, 1937 -- August 31, 1967), better known as Tania or Tania the Guerrilla, was an Argentine-born East German communist revolutionary and spy who played a prominent role in the Cuban government after the Cuban Revolution and in various Latin American revolutionary movements.	Tamara Bunke	German
languages spoken or written	Jerónimo de Ayanz y Beaumont (1553 -- 23 March 1613) was a Spanish soldier, painter, musician and inventor.	Jerónimo de Ayanz y Beaumont	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Andreas of Bergamo (Latin: Andreas Bergomas or Bergomatis) was an Italian historian of the late ninth century.	Andreas of Bergamo	Latin
languages spoken or written	Gilbert Duclos-Lassalle (born August 25, 1954 in Lembeye) is a former French professional road racing cyclist who was a specialist at one-day classic cycling races.	Gilbert Duclos-Lassalle	French
languages spoken or written	Colin Dann (born 1943 in Richmond, Surrey, (now in London)) is an English author.	Colin Dann	English
languages spoken or written	Justus van Maurik (Amsterdam 16 August 1846 -- 18 November 1904), or Justus van Maurik Jr., was a Dutch author and cigar maker.	Justus van Maurik	Dutch
languages spoken or written	Aimé Joseph Edmond Rousse (18 March 1817 -- 1 August 1906) was a French lawyer, and member of the Académie française from 1880 until his death.	Edmond Rousse	French
languages spoken or written	József Egry (1883--1951) was a Hungarian painter, considered a significant representative of Hungarian modernism.	József Egry	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Abu Ali Muhammad Bal'ami (Persian: ابو علی محمد‎), also called Amirak Bal'ami (امیرک بلعمی) and Bal'ami-i Kuchak (بلعمی کوچک, ``Bal'ami the Younger''), was a Persian historian, writer, and vizier to the Samanids.	Muhammad Bal'ami	Persian
languages spoken or written	Johann Peter Salomon (20 February 1745 (baptized) -- 28 November 1815) was a German violinist, composer, conductor and musical impresario.	Johann Peter Salomon	German
languages spoken or written	Federico Chueca (5 May 1846 -- 20 June 1908) was a Spanish composer of zarzuelas and author of La gran vía along with Joaquín Valverde Durán in 1886.	Federico Chueca	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jean-Michel Nectoux (born 20 November 1946) is a French musicologist, particularly noted as an expert on the life and music of Gabriel Fauré.	Jean-Michel Nectoux	French
languages spoken or written	Miguel Primo de Rivera y Sáenz de Heredia, 2nd Duke of Primo de Rivera, 4th Marquis of Estella (11 July 1904 -- 8 May 1964) was a Spanish lawyer and politician and diplomat.	Miguel Primo de Rivera y Sáenz de Heredia	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Gergely Csiky (also Gregor Csiky; 8 December 1842 -- 19 November 1891) was a Hungarian dramatist.	Gergely Csiky	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Émile Nestor Joseph Carlier (3 January 1849 -- 11 April 1927), called Joseph Carlier, was a French sculptor.	Joseph Carlier	French
languages spoken or written	William Sargeant Roden (24 November 1829 -- 25 April 1882) was an English iron master and Liberal politician who was active in local government and sat in the House of Commons from 1868 to 1874.	William Sargeant Roden	English
languages spoken or written	Pierre Lepori (Lugano, Switzerland, 1968) is a Swiss translator and writer in Italian and French.	Pierre Lepori	Italian	French
languages spoken or written	Bo Rothstein (born 12 June 1954) is an internationally acclaimed Swedish political scientist who holds the August Röhss Chair in Political Science at University of Gothenburg, Sweden.	Bo Rothstein	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Ettore Spalletti (Cappelle sul Tavo, 1940) is an Italian artist.	Ettore Spalletti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Kavitrayam is a Telugu expression for trinity of poets.	Kavitrayam	Telugu
languages spoken or written	Domingo de la Anunciación (1510--1591), born Juan de Ecija (also spelled as Ecía), was a Spanish Dominican missionary in New Spain (now Mexico).	Domingo de la Anunciación	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Giles Foden (born 1967) is an English author, best known for his novel The Last King of Scotland (1998).	Giles Foden	English
languages spoken or written	Božidar Ferjančić (Serbian Cyrillic: Божидар Ферјанчић; 17 February 1929 -- 28 June 1998) was Serbian historian, specialist for history of later Byzantine empire and Serbian medieval history.	Božidar Ferjančić	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Didier Levallet (b. Arcy-sur-Cure, France, 19 July 1944) is a French jazz double bassist, composer, arranger and leader.	Didier Levallet	French
languages spoken or written	Samrat Upadhyay (Nepali: सम्राट उपाध्याय) is a Nepalese writer who writes in English.	Samrat Upadhyay	English
languages spoken or written	Tố Hữu was born as Nguyễn Kim Thành in Phù Lai Village in central Vietnam, later taking on the pseudonym Tố Hữu, whose Sino-Vietnamese etymology is unknown.	Tố Hữu	Vietnamese
languages spoken or written	Hans Baron (June 22, 1900 -- November 26, 1988) was a German-American historian of political thought and literature.	Hans Baron	German
languages spoken or written	Sir John Tenniel (28 February 1820 -- 25 February 1914) was an English illustrator, graphic humourist, and political cartoonist whose work was prominent during the second half of the 19th century.	John Tenniel	English
languages spoken or written	Karl Anton (25 October 1898 -- 12 April 1979) was a German film director, screenwriter and film producer.	Karl Anton	German
languages spoken or written	Pierre de La Gorce (29 June 1846, Vannes -- 2 January 1934) was a French magistrate, lawyer and historian, as well as a member of the Académie française.	Pierre de La Gorce	French
languages spoken or written	Edith Nesbit (married name Edith Bland; 15 August 1858 -- 4 May 1924) was an English author and poet; she published her books for children under the name of E. Nesbit.	E. Nesbit	English
languages spoken or written	Jean de Brunhoff (December 9, 1899 -- October 16, 1937) was a French writer and illustrator known for creating the Babar books, the first of which appeared in 1931.	Jean de Brunhoff	French
languages spoken or written	Naomi Shemer (Hebrew: נעמי שמר‎; July 13, 1930 -- June 26, 2004) was a leading Israeli musician and songwriter, hailed as the ``first lady of Israeli song and poetry.''	Naomi Shemer	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Stanisław Jachowicz (17 April 1796 in Dzików near Tarnobrzeg - 24 December 1857 in Warsaw) was a Polish educator, poet and children books author.	Stanisław Jachowicz	Polish
languages spoken or written	Ravali is a film actress who has appeared in Hindi, Kannada, Telugu and Tamil films.	Ravali	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Vincenc Lesný was a Czech Indologist and Sanskritist who taught at the Univerzita Karlova v Praze.	Vincenc Lesný	Czech
languages spoken or written	Lise Lindbæk (1 January 1905 -- 13 March 1961) was a Norwegian freelance journalist and foreign correspondent, and writer of several books.	Lise Lindbæk	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Pedro Cruz Villalón (born 25 May 1946) is a Spanish jurist who currently is one of the Advocates General at the European Court of Justice.	Pedro Cruz Villalón	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Philip Gilbert Hamerton (10 September 1834 -- 4 November 1894), was an English artist, art critic and author.	Philip Gilbert Hamerton	English
languages spoken or written	Paal-Helge Haugen (born 26 April 1945) is a Norwegian lyricist, novelist, dramatist and children's writer.	Paal-Helge Haugen	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Augusto De Angelis (28 June 1888 -- 18 July 1944) was an Italian writer and journalist, active in particular during the Fascist rule in Italy.	Augusto De Angelis	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jeannie Longo (born 31 October 1958 in Annecy, Haute-Savoie) is a French racing cyclist, 59-time French champion and 13-time world champion.	Jeannie Longo	French
languages spoken or written	Francis Delpérée (French: (dɛlpeʁe)) is a Belgian politician and a member of the cdH born on 14 January 1942 in Liege.	Francis Delpérée	French
languages spoken or written	Felix Nussbaum (11 December 1904 -- 9 August 1944) was a German-Jewish surrealist painter.	Felix Nussbaum	German
languages spoken or written	Ferenc Sánta (September 4, 1927 -- June 6, 2008) was a Hungarian novelist and film screenwriter.	Ferenc Sánta	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Yosef Eliyahu Chelouche (Hebrew pronunciation: (ʃluʃ), Hebrew: יוסף אליהו שלוש‎, 1870 -- 23 July 1934) was one of the founders of Tel Aviv, an entrepreneur, businessman and industrialist.	Yosef Eliyahu Chelouche	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Lisa Syrén Jardbrink (born 1955) is a Swedish journalist and presenter at Sveriges Radio since 1986.	Lisa Syrén Jardbrink	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Jean-Claude Chermann is a French virologist who managed the research team which, by 1983, under the administrative supervision of Luc Montagnier, had discovered the virus associated with AIDS.	Jean-Claude Chermann	French
languages spoken or written	Marie de Rohan (Marie Aimée; December 1600 -- 12 August 1679) was a French aristocrat, famed for being the center of many of the intrigues of the first half of the 17th century in France.	Marie de Rohan	French
languages spoken or written	Gabriele Hooffacker (born February 10, 1959) is a German journalist, journalism teacher and a professor for specifics of media at Leipzig University of Applied Science.	Gabriele Hooffacker	German
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Vailati (24 April 1863 -- 14 May 1909) was an Italian proto-analytic philosopher, historian of science, and mathematician.	Giovanni Vailati	Italian
languages spoken or written	Charles Delaunay (18 January 1911 -- 16 February 1988) was a French author, jazz expert, co-founder and long-term leader of the Hot Club de France.	Charles Delaunay	French
languages spoken or written	Hans-Joachim Gehrke (born 28 October 1945, Salzgitter-Lebenstedt) is a German archaeologist.	Hans-Joachim Gehrke	German
languages spoken or written	David Chytraeus or Chyträus (26 February 1530, Ingelfingen -- 25 June 1600, Rostock) was a German Lutheran theologian and historian.	David Chytraeus	German
languages spoken or written	Domingo Traggia (1744--1816) was a Spanish military man, academic, historian and writer.	Domingo Traggia	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Zaki Naguib Mahmoud (February 2, 1905 - September 8, 1993) was an Egyptian intellectual and thinker, and is considered a pioneer in modern Arabic philosophical thought.	Zaki Naguib Mahmoud	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Pordenone, Il Pordenone in Italian, is the byname of Giovanni Antonio de'' Sacchis (c. 1484--1539), an Italian Mannerist painter, loosely of the Venetian school.	Il Pordenone	Italian
languages spoken or written	Cesare Ciardi (28 June 1818 -- 13 June 1877) was an Italian flautist and composer.	Cesare Ciardi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Marco Paolini (born March 5, 1956) is an Italian stage actor, theatre director, dramaturge and author.	Marco Paolini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jean-Marie Souriau (3 June 1922 -- 15 March 2012) was a French mathematician, known for works in symplectic geometry, in which he was one of the pioneers.	Jean-Marie Souriau	French
languages spoken or written	Isabel Vericat Núñez (born c. 1970), is a Spanish-Mexican lawyer, book writer and translator of many languages.	Isabel Vericat	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Edward Fitzball (1792 -- 27 October 1873) was a popular English playwright, who specialised in melodrama.	Edward Fitzball	English
languages spoken or written	Juli Minoves i Triquell (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈʒuli miˈnɔβes)) (born August 15, 1969 in Andorra la Vella) is an Andorran diplomat, author, and the 13th President of Liberal International.	Juli Minoves	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Luchino Visconti di Modrone, Count of Lonate Pozzolo (2 November 1906 -- 17 March 1976), was an Italian theatre, opera and cinema director, as well as a screenwriter.	Luchino Visconti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jean Pecquet (9 May 1622, Dieppe, Seine-Maritime -- 26 February 1674) was a French scientist.	Jean Pecquet	French
languages spoken or written	Edmond Desbonnet (1867 -- 1953) was a French academic and photographer who championed physical culture.	Edmond Desbonnet	French
languages spoken or written	Hans Peterson (born October 26, 1922) is a Swedish writer, mainly of children's literature.	Hans Peterson	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Lieutenant Colonel John Masters, DSO (1914--1983) was an English officer in the Indian Army and later a novelist.	John Masters	English
languages spoken or written	Peckinpah's use of violence was parodied by Monty Python in Sam Peckinpah's ``Salad Days'', one of the more controversial episodes of Monty Python's Flying Circus, in which a lovely day out for an upper-class English family turns into a blood-soaked orgy of severed limbs and gushing wounds.	Sam Peckinpah	English
languages spoken or written	Desidério Murcho (born 18 May 1965) is a Portuguese philosopher, professor, and writer.	Desidério Murcho	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Subhadra Kumari Chauhan (16 August1904 -- 15 February 1948) was an Indian poet famous for Hindi poems composed primarily in Veer Ras, one of the nine Ras' (English: Flavour/Subgenre).	Subhadra Kumari Chauhan	Hindi
languages spoken or written	George Henry Compton Cavendish (14 October 1784 -- 22 January 1809) was an English politician, the son of Lord George Cavendish, later Earl of Burlington.	George Henry Compton Cavendish	English
languages spoken or written	Peter Weibel (German: (ˈvaɪbəl); born 5 March 1944 in Odessa, USSR) is an Austrian artist, curator and theoretician.	Peter Weibel	German
languages spoken or written	Nguyễn Đình Thi (December 20, 1924 -- April 18, 2003) was a Vietnamese writer and a composer.	Nguyễn Đình Thi	Vietnamese
languages spoken or written	Joseph Warton (April 1722 -- 23 February 1800) was an English academic and literary critic.	Joseph Warton	English
languages spoken or written	Bibi de Vries (born March 15, 1963 in Egmond aan Zee, North Holland) was a member of the Dutch liberal VVD (Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie) parliamentary party in the House of Representatives.	Bibi de Vries	Dutch
languages spoken or written	Francisco Javier de Istúriz y Montero (31 October 1790 in Cádiz -- 2 April 1871 in Madrid) was a Spanish politician and diplomat who served as Prime Minister, President of the Senate and President of the Congress of Deputies several times.	Francisco Javier de Istúriz y Montero	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Oskar Negt (German pronunciation: (ˈneːkt); born 1 August 1934 in Kapkeim, East Prussia) is a philosopher and social theorist in the tradition of critical theory.	Oskar Negt	German
languages spoken or written	Jiiva, also written Jeeva, (born Amar on 4 January 1984) is an Indian film actor who predominantly appears in Tamil films.	Jiiva	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Jacques Tits (French: (tits); born 12 August 1930 in Uccle) is a Belgium-born French mathematician who works on group theory and geometry and who introduced Tits buildings, the Tits alternative, and the Tits group.	Jacques Tits	French
languages spoken or written	Jay Kay (born Jason Luís Cheetham; 30 December 1969) is an English musician, best known as the lead singer of the British acid jazz band Jamiroquai.	Jay Kay	English
languages spoken or written	Marina Rossell i Figueras (born January 17, 1954 in Castellet i la Gornal,) is a Spanish singer in Catalan and Spanish.	Marina Rossell	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Manuel Toharia Cortés is a Spanish science writer, museum director and television personality.	Manuel Toharia	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Hermann Weller transferred from the Real Lyceum in Gmünd to the ``Latin School'' in Bad Mergentheim.	Hermann Weller	Latin
languages spoken or written	Eusebio Blasco Soler (1844--1903) was a Spanish journalist, poet and playwright.	Eusebio Blasco	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Huguette Delavault (15 January 1924 -- 2 April 2003) was a French mathematician, specializing in mathematical physics.	Huguette Delavault	French
languages spoken or written	Armando Gallo (born January 24, 1944 in Mira, Veneto) is an Italian journalist and photographer.	Armando Gallo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Georg Tressler (January 25, 1917 -- January 6, 2007) was a Vienna-born German film actor and film director.	Georg Tressler	German
languages spoken or written	Pedro Agustín Girón, 4th Marquis de las Amarilas, Duque of Ahumada (1778--1842) was a Spanish military officer and politician.	Pedro Agustín Girón	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Karel Vik was a Czech artist, painter and printmaker.	Karel Vik	Czech
languages spoken or written	Poojappura Ravi is an Indian actor, primarily concentrating in Malayalam films doing comedy roles.	Poojappura Ravi	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Isaac Schneersohn ( (1879 or 1881)--1969) was a French rabbi, industrialist, and the founder of the first Holocaust Archives and Memorial.	Isaac Schneersohn	French
languages spoken or written	Léon Duguit (1859--1928) was a leading French scholar of administrative law.	Léon Duguit	French
languages spoken or written	Antonia Gransden, English historian and medievalist, is former Reader in Medieval History at the University of Nottingham.	Antonia Gransden	English
languages spoken or written	Teodor Parnicki (1908-1988) was a Polish writer, notable for his historical novels.	Teodor Parnicki	Polish
languages spoken or written	John Baptist Grano (c. 1692 -- c. 1748) was an English trumpeter, flutist and composer, who worked with George Frederick Handel at the opera house in London's Haymarket.	John Baptist Grano	English
languages spoken or written	Girolamo Maggi (c. 1523, Anghiari -- March 27, 1572 in Constantinople), also known by his Latin name Hieronymus Magius, was an Italian scholar, jurist, poet, military engineer, urban planner, philologist, archaeologist, mathematician, and naturalist who studied at Bologna under Francis Robortello.	Girolamo Maggi	Latin
languages spoken or written	Jiří Pernes (4 July 1948, Svitavy) is a Czech historian.	Jiří Pernes	Czech
languages spoken or written	Tadeusz Borowski (Polish pronunciation: (taˈdɛuʂ bɔˈrɔfskʲi); 12 November 1922 -- 1 July 1951) was a Polish writer and journalist.	Tadeusz Borowski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Carolina Kostner (Italian pronunciation: (karoˈliːna ˈkɔstner); born February 8, 1987) is an Italian figure skater.	Carolina Kostner	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jiřina Hauková (January 27, 1919, Přerov -- December 15, 2005) was a Czech poet and translator.	Jiřina Hauková	Czech
languages spoken or written	Walter Sneyd (1752--1829), of Keele Hall, Staffordshire, was an English politician.	Walter Sneyd	English
languages spoken or written	Bernard von Brentano (born 15 October 1901 in Offenbach am Main, died 29 December 1964 in Wiesbaden) was a German writer, poet, playwright, storyteller, novelist, essayist and journalist.	Bernard von Brentano	German
languages spoken or written	Pierre Tarin (1735--1761) was a French doctor, writer, and translator, born in Courtenay.	Pierre Tarin	French
languages spoken or written	Louis-Guillaume Le Monnier (sometimes written as Lemonnier) (27 June 1717 -- 7 September 1799) was a French natural scientist and contributor to the Encyclopédie ou Dictionnaire raisonné des sciences, des arts et des métiers.	Louis-Guillaume Le Monnier	French
languages spoken or written	Ola Billgren (5 January 1940 -- 4 November 2001) was a Swedish artist and art theorist.	Ola Billgren	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Anna Wierzbicka (ˈanna vʲɛʐˈbʲitska) (born 10 March 1938 in Warsaw) is a Polish linguist currently working at the Australian National University in Canberra.	Anna Wierzbicka	Polish
languages spoken or written	Thomas Bray (1658 -- 15 February 1730) was an English clergyman and abolitionist who helped formally establish the Church of England in Maryland, as well as the Society for the Propagation of Christian Knowledge and Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts.	Thomas Bray	English
languages spoken or written	Sir Robert Long, 6th Baronet (1705 -- 10 February 1767) was an English politician.	Sir Robert Long, 6th Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	Otto Hirschfeld (March 16, 1843 -- March 27, 1922) was a German epigraphist and professor of ancient history who was a native of Königsberg.	Otto Hirschfeld	German
languages spoken or written	Sławomir Rawicz (Polish pronunciation: (swaˈvɔmir ˈravit͡ʂ); 1 September 1915 -- 5 April 2004) was a Polish Army lieutenant who was imprisoned by the NKVD after the German-Soviet invasion of Poland.	Sławomir Rawicz	Polish
languages spoken or written	Tristan Garcia (born 5 April 1981) is a French philosopher and novelist.	Tristan Garcia	French
languages spoken or written	Konrad Pellikan (German: Conrad Kürsner; Latin: Conradus Pellicanus; sometimes anglicized as Conrad Pellican; January 8, 1478, Rouffach in Alsace -- May 6, 1556, Zurich) was a German Protestant theologian, humanist, and Christian Hebraist who worked chiefly in Switzerland.	Konrad Pellikan	Latin
languages spoken or written	Pierre Lamalattie (born 1956 in Paris) is a French painter, novelist and art critic.	Pierre Lamalattie	French
languages spoken or written	Stefan Witwicki (September 13, 1801 -- April 15, 1847) was a Polish poet of the Romantic period.	Stefan Witwicki	Polish
languages spoken or written	Ileana D'Cruz (born 1 November 1987) is an Indian film actress, who predominantly appears in Telugu and Hindi films.	Ileana D'Cruz	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Siegfried Obermeier (Munich, 21 January 1936 - Oberschleißheim near Munich, 21 January 2011) was a German author of historical novels and popular history books.	Siegfried Obermeier	German
languages spoken or written	Peter Longerich (born 1955) is a German professor of history.	Peter Longerich	German
languages spoken or written	Ibrahim al-Yaziji (Arabic ابراهيم اليازجي, Ibrahim al-Yāzijī; 1847--1906) was an Arab philologist, poet and journalist.	Ibrahim al-Yaziji	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Mark Herman (born 1954) is an English film director and screenwriter best known for writing and directing the 2008 film The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas.	Mark Herman	English
languages spoken or written	Assi Rahbani (Arabic: عاصي الرحباني; May 4, 1923 - June 21, 1986) was a Lebanese composer, musician and producer.	Assi Rahbani	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Murathan Mungan (born 21 April 1955 in Istanbul) is a Turkish author, short story writer, playwright and poet.	Murathan Mungan	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Álvar García de Santa María (1370--1460) was a Spanish historian and Jewish convert to Roman Catholicism during the late Middle Ages.	Álvar García de Santa María	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Wolfgang Leonhard (16 April 1921 -- 17 August 2014) was a German political author, historian and a profound connoisseur on Soviet communism.	Wolfgang Leonhard	German
languages spoken or written	Paul Pen (born December 23, 1979) is a Spanish author of literary fiction, thriller and suspense.	Paul Pen	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Antoine Le Maistre (1608 -- 4 November 1658) was a French Jansenist lawyer, author and translator.	Antoine Le Maistre	French
languages spoken or written	Romain Sardou (born January 6, 1974), is a French novelist born in Boulogne-Billancourt, Hauts-de-Seine.	Romain Sardou	French
languages spoken or written	François Charles-Roux (1879 - 1961) was a French businessman, historian and diplomat.	François Charles-Roux	French
languages spoken or written	Arild Aspøy is a Norwegian journalist, writer, director and editor.	Arild Aspøy	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Joram Lindenstrauss (Hebrew: יורם לינדנשטראוס‎) (October 28, 1936 -- April 29, 2012) was an Israeli mathematician working in functional analysis.	Joram Lindenstrauss	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Chu Hsi-ning (Chinese: 朱西甯; pinyin: Zhū Xīníng; June 16, 1927 -- March 22, 1998) was born in Linqu, Shandong.	Chu Hsi-ning	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Louis Jensen (born 19 July 1943) is a Danish author who is an innovator in the international literary trends of flash fiction, metafiction, prose poetry, and magical realism.	Louis Jensen	Danish
languages spoken or written	Piotr Kuncewicz (19 March 1936 -- 9 April 2007) was a Polish writer and Freemason in the Grand Orient of Poland.	Piotr Kuncewicz	Polish
languages spoken or written	Giulio Paolini (born 5 November 1940) is an Italian artist associated with both Arte Povera and Conceptual Art.	Giulio Paolini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Finn Juhl (30 January 1912 -- 17 May 1989) was a Danish architect, interior and industrial designer, most known for his furniture design.	Finn Juhl	Danish
languages spoken or written	John Aikin (15 January 1747 -- 7 December 1822) was an English doctor and writer.	John Aikin	English
languages spoken or written	Charles Sandison (born 24 April 1969) is an English born Scottish visual artist who lives and works in Tampere, Finland.	Charles Sandison	English
languages spoken or written	Günther Weisenborn (10 July 1902 -- 26 March 1969) was a German writer and fighter in the German Resistance against Nazism.	Günther Weisenborn	German
languages spoken or written	Charles Julien Brianchon (19 December 1783 -- 29 April 1864) was a French mathematician and chemist.	Charles Julien Brianchon	French
languages spoken or written	Lin Biao (pinyin: Lín Biāo; Wade--Giles: Lin Piao; IPA: (lǐn pjáʊ); December 5, 1907 -- September 13, 1971) was a Marshal of the People's Republic of China who was pivotal in the Communist victory in the Chinese Civil War, especially in Northeast China.	Lin Biao	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Pierre Marie Heude (25 June 1836 -- 3 January 1902) was a French Jesuit missionary and zoologist.	Pierre Marie Heude	French
languages spoken or written	Nikolaj Frobenius (born September 29, 1965) is a Norwegian novelist and screen writer.	Nikolaj Frobenius	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	María Moliner (30 March 1900 -- 22 January 1981) was a Spanish librarian and lexicographer.	María Moliner	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Nicola Zingarelli (Italian pronunciation: (niˈkɔːla ddziŋɡaˈrɛlli); August 31, 1860 -- June 6, 1935) was an Italian philologist, the founder of the Zingarelli Italian dictionary.	Nicola Zingarelli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jacques Lisfranc de St. Martin (April 2, 1790, Saint-Paul-en-Jarez -- May 13, 1847) was a pioneering French surgeon and gynecologist.	Jacques Lisfranc de St. Martin	French
languages spoken or written	John Ivatt Briscoe (12 October 1791 -- 16 August 1870) was an English Whig and later Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1857 to 1870.	John Ivatt Briscoe	English
languages spoken or written	Mariano Rumor (Italian pronunciation: (maˈrjaːno ruˈmor); 16 June 1915 -- 22 January 1990) was an Italian politician.	Mariano Rumor	Italian
languages spoken or written	Dr. Ágoston Trefort (7 February 1817 -- 22 August 1888) was a Hungarian politician, who served as Minister of Religion and Education from 1872 until his death.	Ágoston Trefort	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Julio Manegat (Barcelona, January 4, 1922 -- Barcelona, August 9, 2011) was a Spanish journalist, novelist, playwright, and poet.	Julio Manegat	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Barbet Schroeder (born 26 August 1941) is an Iranian-born film director and producer who started his career in French cinema in the 1960s, working together with directors such as Jean-Luc Godard and Jacques Rivette.	Barbet Schroeder	French
languages spoken or written	Javier Ignacio Maroto Aranzabal (simply known as Javier Maroto) is a Spanish politician.	Javier Maroto	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Hanne Dahl (born 30 August 1970) is a Danish priest and former politician from Aalborg.	Hanne Dahl	Danish
languages spoken or written	Rosario Robles Berlanga (Spanish pronunciation: (roˈsaɾjo ˈroβles); born 1956) is a Mexican politician who serves as the Secretary of Social Development in the cabinet of Enrique Peña Nieto.	Rosario Robles	Spanish
languages spoken or written	José Tamayo (1920--2003) was a Spanish theatre director and producer, best known for his dramatic and zarzuela plays, epitomized by Antología de la Zarzuela (Zarzuela antology).	José Tamayo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Gaetano Casati (1838--1902) was an Italian explorer of Africa, born in Lesmo in upper Italy.	Gaetano Casati	Italian
languages spoken or written	Nestor Léon Marchand (15 April 1833 -- 16 April 1911) was a French medical doctor, pharmacist, and botanist.	Nestor Léon Marchand	French
languages spoken or written	Eirik Newth (born 17 August 1964) is a Norwegian astrophysicist, writer of popular science for children, and media personality.	Eirik Newth	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Émilienne d’Alençon (1869--1946) was a French dancer, actress and courtesan.	Émilienne d’Alençon	French
languages spoken or written	Ernst Pepping (12 September 1901 -- 1 February 1981) was a German composer of classical music and academic teacher.	Ernst Pepping	German
languages spoken or written	George Watson-Taylor (1771-1841), of Cavendish Square, Middlesex and Erlestoke Park, near Devizes, Wiltshire, was an English politician.	George Watson-Taylor	English
languages spoken or written	Léon Fleuriot (5 April 1923 -- 15 March 1987) was a French academic specializing in Celtic languages (Old Breton, Welsh and Irish) and in history, particularly that of Gallo-Roman Brittany and of the Early Middle Ages.	Léon Fleuriot	French
languages spoken or written	Sigurd Hoel (14 December 1890 - 14 October 1960) was a Norwegian author and publishing consultant, born in Nord-Odal.	Sigurd Hoel	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Carlos Westendorp y Cabeza (born 7 January 1937 in Madrid) is a Spanish diplomat and current Secretary General of the Club de Madrid.	Carlos Westendorp	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Esprit Requien (6 May 1788, Avignon -- 30 May 1851, Bonifacio, Corse-du-Sud) was a French naturalist, who made contributions in the fields of conchology, paleontology and especially botany.	Esprit Requien	French
languages spoken or written	Wen Meihui (Chinese: 文美惠; pinyin: Wén Meǐhuì; born 1931) is a Chinese translator.	Wen Meihui	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Jan Błoński (January 15, 1931 -- February 10, 2009) was a Polish historian, literary critic, publicist and translator.	Jan Błoński	Polish
languages spoken or written	Till Nowak is a German digital artist and visual artist, graphic designer and filmmaker.	Till Nowak	German
languages spoken or written	Ji Kang (Chinese: 嵇康; 223--262), also known as Xi Kang, was a Chinese author, poet, Taoist philosopher, musician and alchemist.	Ji Kang	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Renan Luce (born 5 March 1980, Paris) is a French singer and songwriter.	Renan Luce	French
languages spoken or written	José Ángel Antelo is a Spanish professional basketball player who plays for UCAM Murcia in the Liga ACB.	José Ángel Antelo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Gabriel-Madeleine-Camille Dareste de la Chavanne (22 November 1822, Paris -- 1899, Paris) was a French zoologist and specialist in experimental embryology.	Camille Dareste	French
languages spoken or written	Per Olov Enquist, better known as P. O. Enquist, (born 23 September 1934) is a Swedish author.	Per Olov Enquist	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Nicholas Georgescu-Roegen, born Nicolae Georgescu (4 February 1906 -- 30 October 1994) was a Romanian American mathematician, statistician and economist.	Nicholas Georgescu-Roegen	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Reverend Thomas Dyche (died c. 1733) was an English schoolmaster and lexicographer (probably) from Ashbourne, Derbyshire.	Thomas Dyche	English
languages spoken or written	Eulogio Despujol y Dusay, 1st Count of Caspe (March 11, 1834 - October 18, 1907) served as the Spanish Governor-General of the Philippines between 1891 and 1893.	Eulogio Despujol y Dusay	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Vilja Toomast (born 15 August 1962, Antsla as Vilja Laanaru; 1996-2010 Vilja Savisaar; 2010-2015 Vilja Savisaar-Toomast) is an Estonian politician, a former Member of the European Parliament.	Vilja Toomast	Estonian
languages spoken or written	Una Canger (née Una Rasmussen) (born May 14, 1938) is a Danish linguist specializing in languages of Mesoamerica.	Una Canger	Danish
languages spoken or written	Zalman Shneur (Hebrew: זלמן שניאור) (born 1887; died 20 February 1959) was a prolific bilingual Yiddish and Hebrew poet and writer.	Zalman Shneur	Hebrew	Yiddish
languages spoken or written	Sathaar is an Indian film actor primarily works in Malayalam films.	Sathaar	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Meyer Kayserling (17 June 1829 -- 21 April 1905) was a German rabbi and historian.	Meyer Kayserling	German
languages spoken or written	Jan Mühlstein (born 3 July 1949 in Most, Czechoslovakia) is a journalist, German Jewish activist and the former chair of the Union of Progressive Jews in Germany.	Jan Mühlstein	German
languages spoken or written	Shane Briant (born 17 August 1946 in London, England) is an English actor and novelist.	Shane Briant	English
languages spoken or written	Dr. Barbara Emerson is an English historian and biographer, known for her biography of King Leopold II of Belgium.	Barbara Emerson	English
languages spoken or written	Francis Cosne (17 May 1916 -- 13 December 1984) was a French film producer and screenwriter.	Francis Cosne	French
languages spoken or written	Valeska Gert (11 January 1892 -- circa 16 March 1978) was a German Jewish dancer and cabaret artist.	Valeska Gert	German
languages spoken or written	Ramon Espadaler Parcerisas is a Spanish politician born in Vic, Catalonia, Spain on 19 September 1963.	Ramon Espadaler Parcerisas	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Joaquín Vázquez Fernández (August 26, 1897 -- October 21, 1965) was a Spanish footballer.	Joaquín Vázquez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jean-Baptiste Carpeaux (11 May 1827 -- 12 October 1875) was a French sculptor and painter during the Second Empire under Napoleon III.	Jean-Baptiste Carpeaux	French
languages spoken or written	Adolf Stoecker (December 11, 1835 -- February 2, 1909) was the court chaplain to Kaiser Wilhelm II, a politician, and a German Lutheran theologian who founded one of the first Christian Social Gospel political parties in Germany, the Christian Social Party.	Adolf Stoecker	German
languages spoken or written	Ernst von Salomon (September 25, 1902 -- August 9, 1972) was a German writer and Freikorps member.	Ernst von Salomon	German
languages spoken or written	Jordi Arrese i Castañé (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈʒɔrði əˈrezə j kəstəˈɲe); born 29 August 1964) is a former professional tennis player from Spain.	Jordi Arrese	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Ferenc Sebő (b. February 10, 1947, Szekszárd) is a Hungarian folklorist and musician, best known as the bandleader for the Sebő Ensemble, a band that produced many future stars, including Márta Sebestyén (later of Muzsikás).	Ferenc Sebő	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Patricio de la Escosura Morrogh (5 November 1807--1878) was a Spanish politician, journalist, playwright and author associated with the Romantic school.	Patricio de la Escosura	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Kristian Smidt, OBE (20 November 1916 -- 9 August 2013) was a Norwegian literary historian.	Kristian Smidt	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Lodovico Domenichi (1515--1564) was an Italian translator.	Lodovico Domenichi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Ermanno Wolf-Ferrari (born Ermanno Wolf) (January 12, 1876 -- January 21, 1948) was an Italian composer and teacher.	Ermanno Wolf-Ferrari	Italian
languages spoken or written	Niveda Thomas is an actress and model who has acted in various Malayalam and Tamil movies.	Niveda Thomas	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	José Antonio Redondo Ramos (born 5 March 1985 in Alcázar de San Juan) is a Spanish racing cyclist who most recently rode for UCI Professional Continental team Andalucía-Cajasur.	José Antonio Redondo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Corrado Tommasi-Crudeli (31 January 1834 to 31 May 1900) was an Italian physician known for his works in pathology and hygiene.	Corrado Tommasi-Crudeli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Kushal Chakraborty (Bengali: কুশল চক্রবর্তী) ( Born : 1966) is a Bengali actor and film director.	Kushal Chakraborty	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Wolf Schneider (born 7 May 1925 in Erfurt) is a German journalist, author and language critic.	Wolf Schneider	German
languages spoken or written	Cayetano Rivera Ordóñez, (born on January 13, 1977 in Madrid, Spain) is a Spanish torero or 'bullfighter'.	Cayetano Rivera Ordóñez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Willis Barnstone's first teaching position was instructor in English and French at the Anavryta Classical Lyceum in Greece, 1949--50, a private school in the forest of Anavryta north of Athens, attended by prince Constantine, the later ill-fated king of Greece, who was then nine years old.	Willis Barnstone	English
languages spoken or written	Nicolas Chambon (21 September 1748, Limeil-Brévannes, (Val-de-Marne), France - 2 November 1826, Paris, France) was a French politician who served as Mayor of Paris from 1792 to 1793.	Nicolas Chambon	French
languages spoken or written	Władysław Orkan (27 November 1875 - 14 May 1930) (actually born as Franciszek Ksawery Smaciarz, changed surname to Smreczyński, but primarily known under his pen name, Orkan) was a Polish writer from the Young Poland period.	Władysław Orkan	Polish
languages spoken or written	Ioan Petru Culianu or Couliano (5 January 1950 -- 21 May 1991) was a Romanian historian of religion, culture, and ideas, a philosopher and political essayist, and a short story writer.	Ioan Petru Culianu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Isaac Barrow (October 1630 -- 4 May 1677) was an English Christian theologian and mathematician who is generally given credit for his early role in the development of infinitesimal calculus; in particular, for the discovery of the fundamental theorem of calculus.	Isaac Barrow	English
languages spoken or written	Oriol Bohigas i Guardiola (Barcelona, 20 December 1925) is a Spanish architect and urban planner.	Oriol Bohigas	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sarah Pinborough is an English-born horror writer.	Sarah Pinborough	English
languages spoken or written	Louis Moréri (25 March 1643 -- 10 July 1680) was a French priest and encyclopaedist.	Louis Moréri	French
languages spoken or written	Carlo Vizzini (born 28 April 1947, in Palermo) is an Italian politician.	Carlo Vizzini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Ineke Sluiter (born 1959) is a Dutch classicist and professor of Greek Language and Literature at Leiden University.	Ineke Sluiter	Dutch
languages spoken or written	Ponvannan (born 12 January 1952) is an Indian film actor and director, who has worked in the Tamil film industry.	Ponvannan	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Robert Louzon (1882--1976) was a French engineer, revolutionary syndicalist, anarchist and socialist.	Robert Louzon	French
languages spoken or written	Henri-Pierre Danloux (February 24, 1753 -- January 3, 1809) was a French painter and draftsman.	Henri-Pierre Danloux	French
languages spoken or written	Jacques Zwobada, also spelt in other ways, such as Swobada and Zwoboda (6 August 1900 -- 6 September 1967), was a French sculptor and designer.	Jacques Zwobada	French
languages spoken or written	Dietmar Rothermund is a German historian best known for his research in the economy of India.	Dietmar Rothermund	German
languages spoken or written	Antonio Palacios Ramilo (8 January 1872 -- 27 October 1945) was a Galician-Spanish architect, born in O Porriño, Galicia.	Antonio Palacios	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Eugène Soubeiran (December 5, 1797 -- 17 November 1859) was a French scientist.	Eugène Soubeiran	French
languages spoken or written	Karl Gass (2 February 1917, Mannheim, Grand Duchy of Baden -- 29 January 2009) was a German documentary filmmaker.	Karl Gass	German
languages spoken or written	Peter Pontiac (born Peter J.G. Pollmann; 28 April 1951 -- 20 January 2015) was a Dutch cartoonist.	Peter Pontiac	Dutch
languages spoken or written	Elia Abu Madi (also known as Elia D. Madey; Arabic: إيليا أبو ماضي‎ Īlyā Abū Māḍī ) (1889 or 1890 -- 23 November 1957) was a Lebanese-American poet.	Elia Abu Madi	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Mustafa Amin (Arabic: مصطفى أمين‎) (21 February 1914 -- 13 April 1997) was an Egyptian columnist and journalist who enjoyed a great deal of popularity in the Arab world.	Mustafa Amin	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Jüri Talvet (born December 17, 1945, Pärnu) is an Estonian poet and academic.	Jüri Talvet	Estonian
languages spoken or written	Enjott Schneider (born Norbert Jürgen Schneider 25 May 1950 in Weil am Rhein) is a German businessman, composer, musicologist, and music educator.	Enjott Schneider	German
languages spoken or written	Ludwig Ganghofer (7 July 1855 -- 24 July 1920) was a German writer who became famous for his homeland novels.	Ludwig Ganghofer	German
languages spoken or written	Jhonatan Rojas Restrepo (born 8 June 1988 in Pereira, Colombia) is a Colombian-born Spanish football player who currently plays for AEZ Zakakiou in Cyprus, as an attacking midfielder or striker, although he also can play as left back.	Jhonatan Rojas	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Benedetto Lorenzelli (May 11, 1853--September 15, 1915) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Prefect of the Sacred Congregation of Studies from 1914 until his death, and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1907.	Benedetto Lorenzelli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Lucrezia Gonzaga di Gazzuolo (1522 - 11 February 1576) was an Italian noblewoman known for her literary talents, and her association with Matteo Bandello.	Lucrezia Gonzaga	Italian
languages spoken or written	Patricia Finney (born 1958) is an English author and journalist.	Patricia Finney	English
languages spoken or written	Muhammad 'Izzat Darwaza (or Darwazeh) (Arabic: محمد عزت دروزة‎; 1888--1984) was a Palestinian politician, historian, and educator from Nablus.	Izzat Darwaza	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Zaharia Stancu (Romanian pronunciation: (zahaˈri.a ˈstanku); October 7, 1902 -- December 5, 1974) was a Romanian prose writer, novelist, poet, and philosopher.	Zaharia Stancu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Karel Martens (born 1939) is a Dutch freelance graphic designer, specialized in typography	Karel Martens	Dutch
languages spoken or written	Armin Maiwald, born January 23, 1940 in Cologne, is a German author, television director and producer.	Armin Maiwald	German
languages spoken or written	Paul Masson-Oursel (5 September 1882 -- 18 March 1956) was a French orientalist and philosopher, a pioneer of 'comparative philosophy'.	Paul Masson-Oursel	French
languages spoken or written	José María Albareda Herrera (Caspe, 15-4-1902-Madrid, 26-2-1966) was a Spanish soil scientist and science administrator.	José María Albareda	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Anne de Rochechouart de Mortemart (10 February 1847 -- 3 February 1933), Duchess of Uzès, was a wealthy French aristocrat.	Anne de Rochechouart de Mortemart	French
languages spoken or written	Albert Ouzoulias (20 January 1915 -- 27 November 1995) was a Communist leader of the French Resistance during World War II (1939--45) using the name of ``Colonel André''.	Albert Ouzoulias	French
languages spoken or written	Arnold Henry Savage Landor (1865 -- 26 December 1924) was an English painter, explorer, writer, and anthropologist.	Arnold Henry Savage Landor	English
languages spoken or written	Helene Kottanner, who dictated her life story in German, was a handmaiden to Queen Elizabeth of Luxembourg (1409--1442).	Helene Kottanner	German
languages spoken or written	Ivo Milazzo (born June 20, 1947) is an Italian comic book artist.	Ivo Milazzo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Sir William Cunliffe Brooks, 1st Baronet, DL (30 September 1819 -- 9 June 1900) was an English barrister, banker and Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1869 and 1892.	William Cunliffe Brooks	English
languages spoken or written	Christoph von Marschall (born in 1959) is a German journalist working as the editor and as a United States correspondent in Washington D.C. for the daily Berlin newspaper Der Tagesspiegel.	Christoph von Marschall	German
languages spoken or written	Marceli Handelsman (1882 -- 1945) was a Polish historian, a Warsaw University professor, medievalist, modern historian, and historical methodologist.	Marceli Handelsman	Polish
languages spoken or written	Ignacio de Luzán Claramunt de Suelves y Gurrea (March 28, 1702 -- May 19, 1754) was a Spanish critic and poet.	Ignacio de Luzán Claramunt de Suelves y Gurrea	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Joaquín Maurín Juliá (or Joaquim Maurín in Catalan; January 12, 1896--November 5, 1973) was a Spanish Communist politician and revolutionary, leader of the Workers and Peasants Bloc (BOC) and of the Workers' Party of Marxist Unification (POUM).	Joaquín Maurín	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Joan Botam i Casals (Les Borges Blanques, Spain 21 September 1926) is a Catalan priest and Capuchin, whose religious name is Fra Salvador de les Borges.	Joan Botam	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Josep Bonaplata i Corriol (Barcelona, 1795 - Bunyol, June 2, 1843) was a Catalan industrial entrepreneur known for introducing the steam engine into Catalonia and Spain.	Josep Bonaplata i Corriol	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Edith Picht-Axenfeld (Freiburg im Breisgau, 1 January 1914 -- Hinterzarten, 19 April 2001) was a German pianist and harpsichordist.	Edith Picht-Axenfeld	German
languages spoken or written	Mónica Cruz Sánchez (born March 16, 1977) is a Spanish actress and dancer.	Mónica Cruz	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Peter Rylands (18 January 1820 -- 8 February 1887) was an English wire-manufacturer in Lancashire and a Liberal politician who was active in local government and sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1868 and 1887.	Peter Rylands	English
languages spoken or written	Don Diego Beltrán Hidalgo was a seventeenth century Spanish Marrano poet.	Diego Beltrán Hidalgo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Phạm Quỳnh (December 17, 1892 -- September 6, 1945) was a monarchist during the late Nguyễn Dynasty and supporter of adhering to traditional Vietnamese customs in the establishment of a constitutional monarchy.	Phạm Quỳnh	Vietnamese
languages spoken or written	Fulgence Fresnel (April 15, 1795 -- November 30, 1855) was a French Orientalist who was a native of Mathieu, Calvados.	Fulgence Fresnel	French
languages spoken or written	Michel Corrette (10 April 1707 -- 21 January 1795) was a French organist, composer and author of musical method books.	Michel Corrette	French
languages spoken or written	Jean-Paul Pinsonneault (1923 - 1978) was a Canadian writer, who won the Prix Québec-Paris and the Governor General's Award for French-language fiction in 1964 for his novel Les terres sèches.	Jean-Paul Pinsonneault	French
languages spoken or written	Eliyahu Ben-Elissar (Hebrew: אליהו בן אלישר‎, born 2 August 1932, died 12 August 2000) was an Israeli politician and diplomat.	Eliyahu Ben-Elissar	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Leon Kellner (Hebrew ליאון קלנר) (April 17, 1859 -- December 5, 1928) was an English lexicographer, grammarian, and Shakespearian scholar.	Leon Kellner	English
languages spoken or written	Barnabe Rich (also Barnaby Riche) (c. 1540 -- 10 November 1617), was an English author and soldier, and a distant relative of Lord Chancellor Rich.	Barnabe Rich	English
languages spoken or written	Gregorio San Miguel Angulo (Valmaseda, December 2, 1940) is a former Spanish road racing cyclist.	Gregorio San Miguel	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ennatha Kannaiya was a Tamil film actor comedian who appeared in Tamil-language films.	Ennatha Kannaiya	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Lorenz Jäger (* June 6, 1951 in Bad Homburg vor der Höhe) is a German sociologist and journalist.	Lorenz Jäger	German
languages spoken or written	Making her acting debut in Sathyan Anthikkad's Malayalam film Narendran Makan Jayakanthan Vaka (2001), Asin had her first commercial success with the Telugu film Amma Nanna O Tamila Ammayi in 2003, and won a Filmfare Best Telugu Actress Award for the film.	Asin	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Stas Piekha, formal name Stanislav Piatrasovich Piekha (Russian: Станислав Пятрасович Пье́ха), is a Russian popular singer and actor, and the grandson of Edita Piekha.	Stas Piekha	Russian
languages spoken or written	Angharad Tomos (born 19 July 1958) is a Welsh author and prominent language activist.	Angharad Tomos	Welsh
languages spoken or written	Félix-Ludger Rossignol, known as Victorin de Joncières (12 April 1839 -- 26 October 1903), was a French composer and music critic.	Victorin de Joncières	French
languages spoken or written	Ferenc Kazinczy (archaically English: Francis Kazinczy, October 27, 1759 -- August 23, 1831) was a Hungarian author, the most indefatigable agent in the regeneration of the Magyar language and literature at the end of the 18th and beginning of the 19th century.	Ferenc Kazinczy	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	François-Xavier Fabre (1 April 1766 -- 16 March 1837) was a French painter of historical subjects.	François-Xavier Fabre	French
languages spoken or written	Desiré-Raoul Rochette (March 6, 1790--July 3, 1854), was a French archaeologist.	Desiré-Raoul Rochette	French
languages spoken or written	Pedro Duque Duque (born 14 March 1963) is a Spanish astronaut and a veteran of two space missions.	Pedro Duque	Spanish
licensed to broadcast to	WFRH is a traditional Christian music and teaching radio station licensed to Kingston, New York and serving the Mid-Hudson Valley and points north.	WFRH	Kingston
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schneider Arena is a 3,030-seat hockey arena in Providence, Rhode Island.	Schneider Arena	Rhode Island
manufacturer	The Marlin Camp Carbine is a self-loading carbine chambered for either 9mm Parabellum or .45 ACP, formerly manufactured by Marlin Firearms Company of North Haven, Connecticut.	Marlin Camp Carbine	Marlin Firearms
manufacturer	The Browning BAR is a gas-operated, semi-automatic rifle produced by the Browning Arms Company first in Belgium and later in Japan.	Browning BAR	Browning Arms Company
manufacturer	The Kaiser Darrin, also known as the Kaiser Darrin 161 or in short as the Darrin, was an American sports car designed by Howard ``Dutch'' Darrin and built by Kaiser Motors in 1954.	Kaiser Darrin	Kaiser Motors
manufacturer	The BMC ADO17 is the model code that was used by the British Motor Corporation (BMC) for a range of cars produced from September 1964 to 1975 and sold initially under its Austin marque as the Austin 1800.	BMC ADO17	British Motor Corporation
manufacturer	The EMD 645 engine series is currently supported by Electro-Motive Diesel, Inc., which purchased the assets of the Electro-Motive Division from General Motors in 2005.	EMD 645	Electro-Motive Diesel
manufacturer	The Baldwin DRS-6-4-750 is a Diesel-electric locomotive built by Baldwin Locomotive Works in 1949.	Baldwin DRS-6-4-750	Baldwin Locomotive Works
manufacturer	The Big Mac is a hamburger sold by international fast food restaurant chain McDonald's.	Big Mac	McDonald
manufacturer	The Smethwick Engine is a Watt steam engine made by Boulton and Watt, which was installed near Birmingham, England, and was brought into service in May 1779.	Smethwick Engine	Boulton and Watt
manufacturer	The Kodak DC215 is a discontinued model of digital camera produced in Japan by the Eastman Kodak Company.	Kodak DC215	Eastman Kodak
manufacturer	The Westinghouse J32 was a small turbojet engine developed by the Westinghouse Aviation Gas Turbine Division in the mid-1940s.	Westinghouse J32	Westinghouse Aviation Gas Turbine Division
manufacturer	The Mitsubishi Pajero Junior is a mini SUV produced by Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors between October 1995 and June 1998 for the Japanese domestic market only.	Mitsubishi Pajero Junior	Mitsubishi Motors
manufacturer	The ALCO HH series were an early series of switcher diesel-electric locomotives built by the American Locomotive Company (ALCO) of Schenectady, New York between 1931 and 1940, when they were replaced by the S series; the 660 hp (490 kW) S-1 and 1,000 hp (750 kW) S-2.	ALCO HH series	American Locomotive Company
manufacturer	The Canon PowerShot G7 X is a digital compact camera announced by Canon Inc. on September 15, 2014.	Canon PowerShot G7 X	Canon Inc.
manufacturer	The Piper PA-46 Malibu and Matrix are a family of American light aircraft manufactured by Piper Aircraft of Vero Beach, Florida.	Piper PA-46	Piper Aircraft
manufacturer	In 1993 the Citroën ZX chassis was also used for the Peugeot 306 which, with its attractive Peugeot 205 derived styling, was a more successful car than its twin.	Citroën ZX	Peugeot
manufacturer	Recently the Israeli Ministry of Defense ordered 150 Wolf Armoured Vehicles from Rafael Advanced Defense Systems and an order for Hatehof, for some to be used in urban combat.	Wolf Armoured Vehicle	Rafael Advanced Defense Systems
manufacturer	British Rail Class D3/14 was a diesel-electric locomotive built by the London and North Eastern Railway at its Doncaster Works.	British Rail Class D3/14	Doncaster Works
manufacturer	The Hiro Naval Arsenal first licence-built the Felixstowe F.5 from October 1921, Aichi continued manufacture until 1929.	Felixstowe F.5	Hiro Naval Arsenal
manufacturer	Influvac is a sub-unit vaccine produced and marketed by Abbott Laboratories.	Influvac	Abbott Laboratories
manufacturer	The Eurocopter AS350 Écureuil (Squirrel) is a single-engine light helicopter originally designed and manufactured in France by Aérospatiale (now Airbus Helicopters).	Eurocopter AS350 Écureuil	Airbus Helicopters
manufacturer	DECsystem was a line of server computers from Digital Equipment Corporation.	DECsystem	Digital Equipment Corporation
manufacturer	The Ricoh 2A03 or RP2A03 (NTSC version) / Ricoh 2A07 or RP2A07 (PAL version) is the 8-bit microprocessor in the Nintendo Entertainment System video game console manufactured by Ricoh.	Ricoh 2A03	Nintendo
manufacturer	The Mitsubishi Savrin is a minivan produced and sold in Taiwan by Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors.	Mitsubishi Savrin	Mitsubishi Motors
manufacturer	FAB 1 was temporarily assigned to a Rolls Royce Phantom during 2013.	FAB 1	Rolls Royce
manufacturer	Type 80 Air-to-Ship Missile (80式空対艦誘導弾, ASM-1) is an air-launched Air-to-ship missile developed by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries.	Type 80 Air-to-Ship Missile	Mitsubishi
manufacturer	The Volvo B9S was an articulated bus chassis constructed by Volvo Buses between 2002 and 2011.	Volvo B9S	Volvo Buses
manufacturer	The Lotus 22 was a racing car built by Lotus cars in 1962, and a total of 77 cars were built.	Lotus 22	Lotus cars
manufacturer	Seawise Giant was ordered in 1974 and delivered in 1979 by Sumitomo Heavy Industries, Ltd. at their Oppama shipyard in Yokosuka, Kanagawa, Japan as a 418,611 ton ULCC.	Seawise Giant	Sumitomo Heavy Industries
manufacturer	SS Minnedosa was a 15,000 ton steam ocean liner the hull of which was built in Glasgow on the River Clyde for the Canadian Pacific Shipping Line by Barclay Curle, under sub-contract to Harland and Wolff, in Belfast.	SS Minnedosa	Barclay Curle
manufacturer	The Stadler SPATZ or Schmalspur Panorama Trieb Zug is a narrow gauge multiple unit manufactured by Stadler Rail.	Stadler SPATZ	Stadler Rail
manufacturer	The Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company ordered two sister ships, RMS Maloja and RMS Mooltan, from Harland and Wolff Ltd on 29 November 1918.	RMS Maloja	Harland and Wolff
manufacturer	The British Rail Class 23 were a class of ten Bo-Bo diesel-electric locomotives built by the English Electric Company (EE) in 1959.	British Rail Class 23	English Electric
manufacturer	The Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 is a 10.1-inch tablet computer designed, developed and marketed by Samsung Electronics.	Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1	Samsung Electronics
manufacturer	The Denel Y3 AGL is a South African-manufactured automatic grenade launcher currently manufactured by Denel Land Systems.	Denel Y3 AGL	Denel Land Systems
manufacturer	Lockheed Martin announced that they were awarded a $122 million technology development contract for the Joint Air-to-Ground Missile (JAGM) system.	Joint Air-to-Ground Missile	Lockheed Martin
manufacturer	The Scaled Composites Model 339 SpaceShipTwo (SS2) is an air-launched suborbital spaceplane type designed for space tourism.	SpaceShipTwo	Scaled Composites
manufacturer	The Boeing 747-8 is a wide-body jet airliner developed by Boeing Commercial Airplanes.	Boeing 747-8	Boeing Commercial Airplanes
manufacturer	The Browning BDM is a semi-automatic pistol designed and manufactured by the Browning Arms Company up until production ceased in 1998.	Browning BDM	Browning Arms Company
manufacturer	SS Galeka was a steam ship built in 1899 for the Union-Castle Mail Steamship Company by Harland and Wolff.	SS Galeka	Harland and Wolff
manufacturer	BTR-80 (GAZ-5903) - armoured personnel carrier.	BTR-80	GAZ
manufacturer	The Ascari A10 is a prototype automobile produced by the British company Ascari Cars that was conceived by Dutch millionaire Klaas Zwart.	Ascari A10	Ascari Cars
manufacturer	The Zastava M76 is a military semi-automatic sniper/designated marksman rifle developed and manufactured by Zastava Arms.	Zastava M76	Zastava Arms
manufacturer	Hyundai Blue-Will is a plug-in petrol-electric hybrid concept compact car designed by the South Korean car manufacturer Hyundai Motor Company.	Hyundai Blue-Will	Hyundai Motor Company
manufacturer	The DKW F102 is a car that was produced initially by German manufacturer Auto Union GmbH and later by Volkswagenwerk AG after Volkswagen acquired the Auto Union brands from Daimler-Benz AG in 1964.	DKW F102	Auto Union
manufacturer	The Leica X Vario is a digital large sensor compact camera announced by Leica Camera on June 11, 2013.	Leica X Vario	Leica Camera
member of political party	Shirley Vance Wilkins, Jr. (born August 12, 1936, in Amherst County, Virginia) is a retired American politician of the Republican Party.	Vance Wilkins	Republican Party
member of political party	David Maynier (born 22 October 1968) is a South African politician, currently the Shadow Minister of Defence and Military Veterans, and a Member of Parliament for the opposition Democratic Alliance.	David Maynier	Democratic Alliance
member of political party	Per Arne Watle (born 1948) is a Norwegian businessperson and former politician for the Centre Party.	Per Arne Watle	Centre Party
member of political party	Huang Kunming (Chinese: 黄坤明; born November 1956) is a Chinese politician, currently serving as the executive deputy head of the Propaganda Department of the Communist Party of China (minister-level).	Huang Kunming	Communist Party of China
member of political party	Major James Milner, 1st Baron Milner of Leeds, MC, PC (12 August 1889 -- 16 July 1967) was a British Labour Party politician.	James Milner, 1st Baron Milner of Leeds	Labour Party
member of political party	Linda Jenness (born 1941) was a Socialist Workers Party candidate for president of the United States in the 1972 election.	Linda Jenness	Socialist Workers Party
member of political party	Enrique Mosca (July 15, 1880 - July 22, 1950) was an Argentine lawyer and politician prominent in the centrist Radical Civic Union (UCR).	Enrique Mosca	Radical Civic Union
member of political party	Ramakant Yadav had switched from the Samajwadi Party to the Bahujan Samaj Party before finally joining the Bharatiya Janata Party.	Ramakant Yadav	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Andrew Doyle (born 2 July 1960) is an Irish Fine Gael politician, and a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Wicklow constituency.	Andrew Doyle	Fine Gael
member of political party	Jukka Mäkelä (born July 7, 1960 in Espoo) is a Finnish politician from the National Coalition Party and the current city manager/mayor of Espoo, the second largest city of Finland, since January 1, 2011.	Jukka Mäkelä	National Coalition Party
member of political party	Ambjørg Sælthun, née Ødelien (27 July 1922 -- 2 January 2012) was a Norwegian politician for the Centre Party.	Ambjørg Sælthun	Centre Party
member of political party	Wilhelm Kling (7 February 1902 -- 17 November 1973) was a Communist Party of Germany (KPD) functionary, and later an associate in the Politburo of the Central Committee of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED) in East Germany.	Wilhelm Kling	Communist Party of Germany	Socialist Unity Party of Germany
member of political party	John James Akpan Udo-Edehe was elected Senator for the Akwa Ibom North East constituency of Akwa Ibom State, Nigeria at the start of the Nigerian Fourth Republic, running on the People's Democratic Party (PDP) platform.	John James Akpan Udo-Edehe	People's Democratic Party
member of political party	Lennart Gustavsson, (born 1954), is a Swedish Left Party politician, member of the Riksdag 1998--2006.	Lennart Gustavsson	Left Party
member of political party	Magnar Lussand (born 18 July 1945) is a Norwegian school principal and politician for the Centre Party.	Magnar Lussand	Centre Party
member of political party	Claire-Hélène Hovington (born May 14, 1944 in Sacré-Cœur, Quebec) is a Canadian politician, who represented the electoral district of Matane in the National Assembly of Quebec from 1985 to 1994 as a member of the Quebec Liberal Party.	Claire-Hélène Hovington	Quebec Liberal Party
member of political party	Sir James Fitz-Allen Mitchell KCMG PC MP (born 15 May 1931) was the second Prime Minister of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines and the founder of the New Democratic Party (NDP).	James Fitz-Allen Mitchell	New Democratic Party
member of political party	Franz Xaver Schwarz (27 November 1875 -- 2 December 1947) was a German politician who served as Reichsschatzmeister (National Treasurer) of the Nazi Party (NSDAP) during most of the Party's existence.	Franz Xaver Schwarz	Nazi Party
member of political party	Between 1948 and 1981, Henryk Jabłoński was in the Central Committee of the Polish United Workers' Party (KC PZPR).	Henryk Jabłoński	Polish United Workers' Party
member of political party	Andreas Berg (4 October 1861 -- 29 June 1944) was a Norwegian lawyer, banker and politician for the Conservative Party.	Andreas Berg	Conservative Party
member of political party	Giuseppe Medici (October 24, 1907 -- August 21, 2000) was an Italian politician who was a member of the Christian Democracy party.	Giuseppe Medici	Christian Democracy
member of political party	Josep Sánchez i Llibre (Vilassar de Mar, Spain 6 May 1949) is a Catalonian politician from the Democratic Union of Catalonia.	Josep Sánchez i Llibre	Democratic Union of Catalonia
member of political party	Wilhelmine Schirmer-Pröscher (7 July 1889, Giessen -- 2 March 1992, Berlin) was an East German politician of the Liberal Democratic Party of Germany who gained some measure of importance in her nation.	Wilhelmine Schirmer-Pröscher	Liberal Democratic Party of Germany
member of political party	Octavie Modert belongs to the Christian Social People's Party, a major political party in Luxembourg.	Octavie Modert	Christian Social People's Party
member of political party	Emir Talal Arslan (Arabic: الأمير طلال أرسلان‎) is a Lebanese politician and the head of the mostly Druze Lebanese Democratic Party.	Talal Arslan	Lebanese Democratic Party
member of political party	Angelino Alfano was born in Agrigento, Sicily on 31 October 1970; his father, Angelo Alfano, was a lawyer and local politician for the Christian Democracy, who also held the position of deputy mayor of Agrigento.	Angelino Alfano	Christian Democracy
member of political party	Joseph Charles, Jr. (born January 6, 1944) is an American Democratic Party politician, who served in the New Jersey Senate from 2002 to 2003, where he represented the 31st Legislative District.	Joseph Charles	Democratic Party
member of political party	Jason O'Donnell (born October 13, 1971) is an American Democratic Party politician who serves in the New Jersey General Assembly, where he has represented the 31st Legislative District since September 13, 2010.	Jason O'Donnell	Democratic Party
member of political party	Olav Myklebust (17 January 1932 -- 1 November 2011) was a Norwegian civil servant, diplomat and politician for the Liberal Party.	Olav Myklebust	Liberal Party
member of political party	Giuseppe Vegas (born 16 June 1951 in Milan) is an Italian politician, senator for The People of Freedom and minister in the Berlusconi IV Government.	Giuseppe Vegas	The People of Freedom
member of political party	Ashot Navasardyan (Armenian: Աշոտ Նավասարդյան; March 28, 1950 -- November 3, 1997) was an Armenian politician, the founder of the Republican Party of Armenia.	Ashot Navasardyan	Republican Party of Armenia
member of political party	Víctor Andrés García Belaúnde (born June 6, 1949 in Lima), is a Peruvian politician (Popular Action).	Víctor Andrés García Belaúnde	Popular Action
member of political party	Sir Hildred Carlile, 1st Baronet CBE (10 July 1852 -- 26 September 1942) was an English businessman and Conservative Party politician.	Hildred Carlile	Conservative Party
member of political party	Torsten Nielsen (born 5 March 1967) is a Danish politician and mayor of Viborg Municipality for the Conservative People's Party.	Torsten Nielsen	Conservative People's Party
member of political party	Nancy Ann Foster Munoz, commonly known as Nancy Munoz, (born September 8, 1954) is an American Republican Party politician who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly since 2009, where she represents the 21st Legislative District.	Nancy Munoz	Republican Party
member of political party	Víctor Raúl Haya de la Torre (22 February 1895 -- 2 August 1979) was a Peruvian politician, philosopher, and author who founded the American Popular Revolutionary Alliance (APRA) political movement, the oldest currently existing political party in Peru.	Víctor Raúl Haya de la Torre	American Popular Revolutionary Alliance
member of political party	Hüseyin Çelik (born 5 March 1959 in Gürpınar, Van) is a former Minister of National Education of Turkey and member of parliament for Van for the ruling Justice and Development Party.	Hüseyin Çelik	Justice and Development Party
member of political party	Luis Alberto Rico Samaniego (born 9 November 1938) is a Mexican engineer and politician affiliated to the National Action Party.	Luis Alberto Rico	National Action Party
member of political party	Marios Matsakis (born 2 August 1954) is a Cypriot politician and former Member of the European Parliament for the Democratic Party, and sat with the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe group.	Marios Matsakis	Democratic Party
member of political party	José Luis Espinosa Piña (born December 2, 1968 in Morelia, Michoacán de Ocampo) is a Mexican politician--member of the National Action Party (PAN)--and current Director-General of the Latin American Institute of Educational Communication (ILCE, by its Spanish acronym).	José Luis Espinosa Piña	National Action Party
member of political party	Wilhelm Buck (12 November 1869, Bautzen, Kingdom of Saxony -- 2 December 1945, Radebeul) was a German politician and representative of the Social Democratic Party and the splinter party, Old Social Democratic Party of Germany.	Wilhelm Buck	Old Social Democratic Party of Germany
member of political party	Nadhim Zahawi (born 2 June 1967) is a British Conservative Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Stratford-on-Avon since 2010, after the retirement of previous MP John Maples.	Nadhim Zahawi	Conservative Party
member of political party	William Albert Robinson (1877 - 31 December 1949) was a British Labour Party politician who served as the Member of Parliament (MP) for St Helens from his election on 14 November 1935 until July 5, 1945.	William Albert Robinson	Labour Party
member of political party	Francisco Garrido Patrón (b. Mexico City, Distrito Federal in 1953) is a Mexican politician, who was governor of the State of Querétaro from 2003 to 2009, and member of the National Action Party (PAN).	Francisco Garrido Patrón	National Action Party
member of political party	Binyamin Shahor (Hebrew: בנימין שחור‎, born 1916, died 26 November 1979) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the National Religious Party between 1959 and 1974.	Binyamin Shahor	National Religious Party
member of political party	Todd Russell Platts (born March 5, 1962) is an American attorney and Republican Party politician who serves as a Judge on the York County Court of Common Pleas and is a former U.S. Representative for Pennsylvania's 19th congressional district, serving from 2001 to 2013.	Todd Russell Platts	Republican Party
member of political party	Georgios Gennimatas (Greek: Γεώργιος Γεννηματάς; 30 June 1939, Athens -- 25 April 1994, Athens) was a Greek politician and founding member of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement (PASOK).	Georgios Gennimatas	Panhellenic Socialist Movement
member of political party	John Huyler (April 9, 1808 -- January 9, 1870) was an American Democratic Party politician who represented New Jersey's 4th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 1857 to 1859.	John Huyler	Democratic Party
member of political party	Shri Ramadhar Kashyap is a politician from the Indian National Congress party.	Ramadhar Kashyap	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Aadesh Bandekar (sometimes spelled as Adesh Bandekar, Marathi: आदेश बांदेकर) is a Marathi actor, TV host, and a Shiv Sena leader.	Aadesh Bandekar	Shiv Sena
member of political party	Tom Levitt (born 10 April 1954) is a British Labour Party politician who was the Member of Parliament (MP) for High Peak from the 1997 to 2010 general elections.	Tom Levitt	Labour Party
member of political party	Alison McGovern (born 30 December 1980) is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament for Wirral South since 2010.	Alison McGovern	Labour Party
member of political party	François Mario Bachand (March 24, 1944 in Montreal - March 29, 1971 in St. Ouen) was a member of the first (1963) wave of the FLQ (Front de libération du Québec).	Mario Bachand	Front de libération du Québec
member of political party	Markos Moulitsas Zúniga (/ˈmɑːrkoʊs muːˈliːtsəs/; born September 11, 1971), often known by his username and former military nickname ``Kos'' (/ˈkoʊz/ KOHZ), is the founder and publisher of Daily Kos, a blog focusing on liberal and Democratic Party politics in the United States.	Markos Moulitsas	Democratic Party
member of political party	Olena Lukash (Ukrainian: Олена Леонідівна Лукаш) is a Ukrainian jurist and politician and former Minister of Justice of Ukraine, member of the Party of Regions.	Olena Lukash	Party of Regions
member of political party	Jeffrey A. Warsh (born September 21, 1960) is an American Republican Party politician who served two terms in the New Jersey General Assembly, from 1992 to 1996, where he represented the 18th Legislative District, which covers portions of Middlesex County.	Jeffrey A. Warsh	Republican Party
member of political party	Ana Luz Juárez Alejo is a Mexican lawyer and politician affiliated to the National Action Party.	Ana Luz Juárez Alejo	National Action Party
member of political party	Bülent Arınç, along with Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, co-founded the Justice and Development Party (Turkish: Adalet ve Kalkınma Partisi) the same year on August 14.	Bülent Arınç	Justice and Development Party
member of political party	Aasmund Halvorsen Vinje (25 July 1851 -- 4 December 1917) was a Norwegian farmer, teacher, leader of a police district, civil servant and politician for the Moderate Liberal Party.	Aasmund Halvorsen Vinje	Liberal Party
member of political party	Vinod Tawde (born July 20, 1963) is an Indian politician from Maharashtra and a senior leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).	Vinod Tawde	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Andreas Claussen (4 July 1883 -- 24 October 1957) was a Norwegian barrister, civil servant and politician for the Liberal Party.	Andreas Claussen	Liberal Party
member of political party	Barbara J. McMorrow is an American Republican Party politician from Freehold Township, New Jersey, who served as a Democrat on the Monmouth County, New Jersey Board of Chosen Freeholders between January 2007 and January 2010; she was the first Democrat elected to the Board in twenty years.	Barbara J. McMorrow	Republican Party
member of political party	Frederick Montague, 1st Baron Amwell CBE (8 October 1876 -- 15 October 1966) was a British Labour Party politician.	Frederick Montague, 1st Baron Amwell	Labour Party
member of political party	Tatsuo Murayama (1915 -- 2010) was a Japanese politician who was a member of the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) and finance minister for two times.	Tatsuo Murayama	Liberal Democratic Party
member of political party	Elizabeth Colbert Busch (born December 10, 1954) is the Director of Business Development at Clemson University's Restoration Institute, and was the Democratic Party nominee for the 2013 special election for South Carolina's 1st congressional district, losing to Mark Sanford.	Elizabeth Colbert Busch	Democratic Party
member of political party	Wu Yu-jen (traditional Chinese: 吳育仁; simplified Chinese: 吴育仁; pinyin: Wú Yùrén; Wade--Giles: Wu Yü-jen) is a member of the Kuomintang who is in the Legislative Yuan in Taiwan.	Wu Yu-jen	Kuomintang
member of political party	Gorham Parks (May 27, 1794 -- November 23, 1877) was a U.S. Representative from Maine, and a Democratic Party candidate for Maine Governor.	Gorham Parks	Democratic Party
member of political party	Edgar Grierson (6 November 1884 -- 1 March 1959) was a British Labour Party politician from Carlisle.	Edgar Grierson	Labour Party
member of political party	Mathilda Guez (Hebrew: מטילדה גז‎, 15 August 1918 -- 3 May 1990) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Rafi and its successors from 1965 until 1977.	Mathilda Guez	Rafi
member of political party	Shri P. G. Narayanan an Indian politician from All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam party is an incumbent member of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly from the Bhavani constituency.	P. G. Narayanan	All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam
member of political party	Mukesh Gadhvi (1 January 1963 -- 1 March 2013) was an Indian politician and a senior member of Indian National Congress.	Mukesh Gadhvi	Indian National Congress
member of political party	In 1941, which was the year of his eighteenth birthday, Werner Scheler joined the NSDAP (Nazi Party).	Werner Scheler	Nazi Party
member of political party	Herbert C. Conaway, Jr., commonly known as Herb Conaway (born January 30, 1963) is an American Democratic Party politician, who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly since 1998, where he represents the 7th Legislative District.	Herb Conaway	Democratic Party
member of political party	Jerry D. Roe (born 1936) quote the ``Blue Skies and Happy Trails'' known as ``Mr. Republican'', is currently an adjunct professor at Lansing Community College and is best known for his 10-year stint from 1969 to 1979 as the executive director of the Michigan Republican Party.	Jerry D. Roe	Republican Party
member of political party	Kristian Mathias Fimland (16 February 1889 -- ??) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party.	Kristian Mathias Fimland	Liberal Party
member of political party	Silje Schei Tveitdal (born 24 April 1974) is a Norwegian environmentalist and politician for the Socialist Left Party.	Silje Schei Tveitdal	Socialist Left Party
member of political party	Juan Carlos Romero Hicks (Guanajuato, Guanajuato; December 10, 1955) is a Mexican politician and elected official, member of the National Action Party (PAN), and a Federal Senator since August 29, 2012.	Juan Carlos Romero Hicks	National Action Party
member of political party	Martin Ferris (born 10 February 1952) is an Irish Sinn Féin politician and a former Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) volunteer.	Martin Ferris	Sinn Féin
member of political party	Juris Bārzdiņš (born 21 July 1966) is a Latvian politician, member of the Union of Greens and Farmers party and the incumbent Minister of Health of Latvia since 3 November 2010.	Juris Bārzdiņš	Union of Greens and Farmers
member of political party	Eleftherios Veryvakis (Greek: Ελευθέριος Βερυβάκης) (January 21, 1935 -- 6 August 2012) was a Greek politician and ex-member of the Greek Parliament for the Panhellenic Socialist Movement (PASOK).	Eleftherios Veryvakis	Panhellenic Socialist Movement
member of political party	Sir Henry Arthur Colefax, KC (9 July 1866 -- 19 February 1936) was a British patent lawyer and Conservative Party politician.	Arthur Colefax	Conservative Party
member of political party	Eduardo Bailey Elizondo is a Mexican politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) who has served in the lower house of the Mexican Congress.	Eduardo Bailey	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Manuel Velasco Suárez (28 December 1914 -- 2 December 2001) was a Mexican neurologist, neurosurgeon and politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party who acted as Governor of Chiapas from 1970 to 1976.	Manuel Velasco Suárez	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Tormod Petter Svennevig (born 24 May 1929) was a Norwegian diplomat and politician for the Centre Party.	Tormod Petter Svennevig	Centre Party
member of political party	Madhav Singh Solanki is a leader of Indian National Congress party and a former External Affairs minister of India.	Madhav Singh Solanki	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Peeter Kreitzberg (December 14, 1948 -- November 3, 2011) was an Estonian politician, member of parliament and a member of the Social Democratic Party.	Peeter Kreitzberg	Social Democratic Party
member of political party	Isaac Bacharach (January 5, 1870 -- September 5, 1956) was an American Republican Party politician from New Jersey who represented the 2nd congressional district from 1915 to 1937.	Isaac Bacharach	Republican Party
member of political party	Eugene Gilbride (1 October 1892 -- 11 March 1972) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician and farmer.	Eugene Gilbride	Fianna Fáil
member of political party	Anto Đapić (born 22 August 1958) is a retired Croatian right-wing politician and the former president of the Croatian Party of Rights (HSP).	Anto Đapić	Croatian Party of Rights
member of political party	James Garth Marshall (20 February 1802 - 22 October 1873) was an English Liberal Party politician, the Member of Parliament for Leeds (1847--1852).	James Garth Marshall	Liberal Party
member of political party	John W. Carr (March 26, 1874 -- June 14, 1932) was a North Dakota Republican Party politician who served as the 15th Lieutenant Governor of North Dakota under Governor George F. Shafer.	John W. Carr	Republican Party
member of political party	Thomas Cassells (7 August 1902 -- 16 June 1944) was a Labour Party politician in Scotland who served as Member of Parliament (MP) for Dunbartonshire from 1936 to 1941.	Thomas Cassells	Labour Party
member of political party	Robyn Driscoll is a Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives, representing District 51 since 2004, and has now been elected to Montana State Senate District 26, as of the 2012 election.	Robyn Driscoll	Democratic Party
member of political party	Sverre Sverressøn Klingenberg (7 November 1882 -- 1958) was the Norwegian engineer and politician for the Conservative Party.	Sverre Sverressøn Klingenberg	Conservative Party
member of political party	Gildo Insfrán (born January 19, 1951) is an Argentine Justicialist Party (PJ) politician, who has been governor of Formosa Province since 1995.	Gildo Insfrán	Justicialist Party
member of political party	Giuseppe Scopelliti (born November 21, 1966 Reggio Calabria, Italy) is an Italian politician and a member of The People of Freedom political party.	Giuseppe Scopelliti	The People of Freedom
member of political party	C. L. Ruala (born 25 December 1935) is an Indian politician from Mizoram and member of the Indian National Congress.	C. L. Ruala	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Hugo Egmont Hørring (17 August 1842 -- 13 February 1909) was a Danish politician, a member of the Højre political party.	Hugo Egmont Hørring	Højre
member of political party	Naci Ağbal (born 1 January 1968) is a Turkish politician and former civil servant from the Justice and Development Party (AKP) who currently serves as the Minister of Finance as of 24 November 2015.	Naci Ağbal	Justice and Development Party
member of political party	S. C. Marak is a senior leader of Indian National Congress in the northeastern state of Meghalaya.	S. C. Marak	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Pierre Ducasse (born August 18, 1972), a Canadian politician and New Democratic Party (NDP) activist.	Pierre Ducasse	New Democratic Party
member of political party	Bente Sandvig is a Norwegian politician who was party secretary of the Socialist Left Party from 1989 to 1993.	Bente Sandvig	Socialist Left Party
member of political party	Ghulam Nabi Azad (born 7 March 1949, in Jammu and Kashmir, India) is an Indian politician from the Indian National Congress and was the Minister of Health and Family Welfare Presently he serves as the Leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha.	Ghulam Nabi Azad	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Zoe Konstantopoulou (Greek: Ζωή Κωνσταντοπούλου; born December 8 1976 in Athens) is a Greek lawyer and politician of the Coalition of the Radical Left (SYRIZA).	Zoe Konstantopoulou	SYRIZA
member of political party	Torolf Prytz (26 December 1858 -- 16 June 1938) was a Norwegian architect, goldsmith and politician for the Liberal Party.	Torolf Prytz	Liberal Party
member of political party	George Edward Peter Thorneycroft, Baron Thorneycroft CH, PC (26 July 1909 -- 4 June 1994), was a British Conservative Party politician.	Peter Thorneycroft	Conservative Party
member of political party	István Bebes joined Fidesz in 1990.	István Bebes	Fidesz
member of political party	Petar Škundrić (Serbian Cyrillic: Петар Шкундрић; born February 21, 1947) is a Serbian politician, member of the Socialist Party of Serbia and was a minister in the Serbian Government from 2008 to 2011.	Petar Škundrić	Socialist Party of Serbia
member of political party	Asaduddin Owaisi (born 13 May 1969) is an Indian politician, who is the President of the All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen.	Asaduddin Owaisi	All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen
member of political party	Paul Coleshill was the leader of the Liberal Democrats on Glasgow City Council in Glasgow, Scotland until 2012.	Paul Coleshill	Liberal Democrats
member of political party	Ikko Nakatsuka (born 4 April 1965) is a Japanese politician, member of Democratic Party of Japan and former minister of state.	Ikko Nakatsuka	Democratic Party of Japan
member of political party	Ashok Chhaviram Argal (born 1 January 1969) is an Indian politician and a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).	Ashok Chhaviram Argal	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Cam Gordon is an American politician and member of the Green Party of Minnesota in Minneapolis, Minnesota.	Cam Gordon	Green Party of Minnesota
member of political party	Bommagani Dharma Bhiksham (15 February 1922 -- 26 March 2011), a veteran leader of the Communist Party of India, was a member of the 10th Lok Sabha, and 11th Lok Sabha of India.	Dharma Bhiksham	Communist Party of India
member of political party	Albert Raymond Blackburn (11 March 1915 - 3 November 1991) was a British Labour Party politician who served as Member of Parliament for the Birmingham King's Norton and Birmingham Northfield constituencies.	Raymond Blackburn	Labour Party
member of political party	John Gilbert Talbot PC (24 February 1835 -- 1 February 1910), was a British Conservative Party politician.	John Gilbert Talbot	Conservative Party
member of political party	Gunnar Stavseth (born 2 April 1943) is a Norwegian journalist and politician for the Conservative Party.	Gunnar Stavseth	Conservative Party
member of political party	Andrass Samuelsen (Danish: Andreas Samuelsen; 1 July 1873 -- 30 June 1954) was a Faroese politician and member of the Union Party.	Andrass Samuelsen	Union Party
member of political party	Kenneth Johansson (born 2 May 1956) is a Swedish Centre Party politician who is the current Governor of Värmland County, in office since 2012.	Kenneth Johansson	Centre Party
member of political party	Kieran Phelan (19 November 1949 -- 26 May 2010) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician and member of Seanad Éireann on the Industrial and Commercial Panel.	Kieran Phelan	Fianna Fáil
member of political party	Cheng Li-wen (Chinese: 鄭麗文; born November 12, 1969) is a former spokeswoman for the Kuomintang in the Republic of China.	Cheng Li-wen	Kuomintang
member of political party	Franz Matt (September 9, 1860 in Offenbach an der Queich, Palatinate, Germany -- August 4, 1929 in Munich) was a German lawyer, politician and minister, who belonged to the Bavarian People's Party (BVP).	Franz Matt	Bavarian People's Party
member of political party	Patrik Köbele (born 1962 in Weil am Rhein) is a German politician and leader of the German Communist Party (DKP).	Patrik Köbele	German Communist Party
member of political party	Prasanta Kumar Majumdar(born 1 January 1941) is an Indian Politician belonging to the Revolutionary Socialist Party.	Prasanta Kumar Majumdar	Revolutionary Socialist Party
member of political party	Väinö Tanner (12 March 1881 -- 19 April 1966; surname until 1895 Thomasson) was a leading figure in the Social Democratic Party of Finland, and a pioneer and leader in the cooperative movement in Finland.	Väinö Tanner	Social Democratic Party of Finland
member of political party	Edward Howes DL (7 July 1813 -- 26 March 1871) was an English Conservative Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1859 to 1871.	Edward Howes	Conservative Party
member of political party	Richard DuHaime is an American Republican Party politician originally from Bloomingdale, New Jersey.	Richard DuHaime	Republican Party
member of political party	Henning Christophersen (born 8 November 1939, Copenhagen) is a Danish politician, a former vice-president of the European Commission (1985--1995), former leader of the Danish liberal party Venstre (1978--1984) and former member of the European Convention.	Henning Christophersen	Venstre
member of political party	Mario Anguiano Moreno (born August 15, 1962 in Tinajas, Colima) is a Mexican politician and member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party.	Mario Anguiano Moreno	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Markus Ulbig (born 1 April 1964 in Zinnwald near Altenberg, Saxony) is a German politician and member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany (CDU).	Markus Ulbig	Christian Democratic Union
member of political party	Manuel Azcárate Diz (7 October 1916 -- 24 August 1998) was a Spanish journalist, politician and a leader of the Communist Party of Spain (Partido Comunista de España, PCE) in the 1960s and 1970s.	Manuel Azcárate	Communist Party of Spain
member of political party	Nizar Baraka (born 6 February 1964 in Rabat, Morocco) is a Moroccan politician of the Istiqlal Party.	Nizar Baraka	Istiqlal Party
member of political party	Steve Corodemus (born January 14, 1952) is an American Republican Party politician, who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 1992--2008, where he represented the 11th legislative district.	Steve Corodemus	Republican Party
member of political party	Michael Connarty (born 3 September 1947) is a British Labour Party politician, who was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Linlithgow and Falkirk East from 2005 to 2015, and a variation of the same seat since 1992.	Michael Connarty	Labour Party
member of political party	José Refugio Esparza Reyes (August 23, 1921 -- November 12, 2015) was a Mexican teacher, politician and member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI).	José Refugio Esparza Reyes	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Bishnu Pada Ray (born 19 June 1950, Nalanda, 24 Parganas district, West Bengal) is an Indian politician and a leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party.	Bishnu Pada Ray	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	On 30 October 2011, Shane Knuth resigned from the Liberal National Party to join Katter's Australian Party.	Shane Knuth	Katter's Australian Party
member of political party	Nuala Ahern (née MacDowell; born 5 February 1949 in Omeath, County Louth) is a former Irish Green Party member of the European Parliament representing Leinster in Ireland from 1994--2004.	Nuala Ahern	Green Party
member of political party	Jalaludin Abdur Rahim (Urdu: جلال الدين عبدرالرحيم; Bengali: জালালুদ্দিন আবদুর রহিম; also known as J.A. Rahim) (c1905--1977) was a Bengali communist and Nietzschean philosopher who was renowned as one of the founding members of the Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP)-- a democratic socialist political party.	Jalaludin Abdur Rahim	Pakistan Peoples Party
member of political party	Mustafa Amhaouch (born 27 June 1970) is a Dutch politician, he has been a member of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands for the Christian Democratic Appeal since 12 January 2016, when he replaced Peter Oskam.	Mustafa Amhaouch	Christian Democratic Appeal
member of political party	Pinarayi Vijayan (Malayalam: പിണറായി വിജയൻ) is an Indian politician and a member of the Politburo of the Communist Party of India (Marxist).	Pinarayi Vijayan	Communist Party of India (Marxist
member of political party	Ibrahim Hassan Dankwambo (born 4 April 1962) is a Nigerian who was elected Governor of Gombe State, Nigeria in the 26 April 2011 elections, running on the People's Democratic Party (PDP) platform.	Ibrahim Hassan Dankwambo	People's Democratic Party
member of political party	Andreas Khol (born 14 July 1941 in Bergen, Germany) is an Austrian politician of the center-conservative Austrian People's Party, President of the National Council from 2002 to 2006.	Andreas Khol	Austrian People's Party
member of political party	Miguel Urbán Crespo, is a Spanish politician, who, since March 2015 has served as a Member of the European Parliament, representing Spain for Podemos.	Miguel Urbán Crespo	Podemos
member of political party	Dennis McNerney is an American Democratic Party politician who served as the County Executive of Bergen County, New Jersey from 2003 to 2011.	Dennis McNerney	Democratic Party
member of political party	Farrell McElgunn (born 5 January 1932) is an Irish former Fianna Fáil politician and teacher.	Farrell McElgunn	Fianna Fáil
member of political party	Pradeep Gandhi (born 26 December 1964 in Dongargaon, Rajnandgaon district) is an Indian politician and a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) political party.	Pradeep Gandhi	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Alyaksandr Kazulin (or Alexander Kozulin) (Belarusian: Аляксандр Уладзіслававіч Казулін, Russian: Александр Владиславович Козулин, born 25 November 1955 in Minsk), is the former leader of the Belarusian Social Democratic Party and one of the candidates who ran for the office of President of Belarus on March 19, 2006.	Alyaksandr Kazulin	Belarusian Social Democratic Party
member of political party	Badruddin Shaikh, born on 13 September 1952 is a senior leader of Indian National Congress.	Badruddin Shaikh	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Lawrence Gates is the current Chair of the Kansas Democratic Party.	Lawrence Gates	Democratic Party
member of political party	John Joe McGirl (25 March 1921 -- 8 December 1988) was an Irish republican, a Sinn Féin politician, and a former chief of staff of the Irish Republican Army (IRA).	John Joe McGirl	Sinn Féin
member of political party	In December 2010 Deputy Montfort Tadier announced the possible formation of a new political party called Reform Jersey, However it was not until July 2014 that Reform Jersey was registered in the Royal Court of Jersey.	Montfort Tadier	Reform Jersey
member of political party	Robert Goodwill (born 31 December 1956) is a British farmer and Conservative Party politician.	Robert Goodwill	Conservative Party
member of sports team	Kavin Bryan (born 7 February 1984) is a Jamaican international footballer who plays as a striker for V.League 2 club Hanoi F.C..	Kavin Bryan	Hanoi F.C.
member of sports team	Vitaliy Shumeyko (born 6 October 1981) is a Ukrainian football defender who played for FC Guria Lanchkhuti in Georgian Umaglesi Liga.	Vitaliy Shumeyko	FC Guria Lanchkhuti
member of sports team	Uwe Hesse (born 16 December 1987) is a German footballer who is currently playing for SSV Jahn Regensburg.	Uwe Hesse	SSV Jahn Regensburg
member of sports team	Francisco Javier Cruz Jiménez (born May 24, 1966 in Cedral, San Luis Potosí) is a Mexican football player who played for C.F. Monterrey and Tigres UANL, becoming one of the few players to be successful in both professional teams from Monterrey.	Francisco Javier Cruz	C.F. Monterrey
member of sports team	Canário retired at the end of the 1968--69 campaign at the age of 33, after helping RCD Mallorca promote from Segunda División.	Canário	RCD Mallorca
member of sports team	Gift Atulewa (born June 1, 1986) is a Nigerian football forward currently playing for Warri Wolves F.C..	Gift Atulewa	Warri Wolves F.C.
member of sports team	Andy Greer (born August 6, 1962) is a basketball coach, currently working as an assistant for the Toronto Raptors of the National Basketball Association (NBA).	Andy Greer	Toronto Raptors
member of sports team	Henning Hauger (born 17 July 1985) is a Norwegian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Swedish club IF Elfsborg.	Henning Hauger	IF Elfsborg
member of sports team	Józef Kohut (born December 16, 1922 in Kraków - January 3, 1970 in Kraków) was a Polish footballer (striker) playing most of his career in Wisła Kraków.	Józef Kohut	Wisła Kraków
member of sports team	Jevrem Kosnić (Serbian Cyrillic: Јеврем Коснић; born 28 April 1993) is a Swiss-born Serbian footballer who plays for Budapest Honvéd FC, on loan from Palermo, as a central defender.	Jevrem Kosnić	Budapest Honvéd FC
member of sports team	Eric Kattus (born March 4, 1963) is a former professional American football tight end who played primarily for the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League (NFL).	Eric Kattus	Cincinnati Bengals
member of sports team	Atli Danielsen (born 15 August 1983) is a Faroese footballer who currently plays for KÍ Klaksvík in the Premier League of the Faroe Islands.	Atli Danielsen	KÍ Klaksvík
member of sports team	Sabri Tabet (born August 17, 1977 in Rognac, France) is a retired Algerian international football player who was last playing for SO Cassis Carnoux in the French Championnat National.	Sabri Tabet	Cassis Carnoux
member of sports team	Ramzi Bourakba (born December 20, 1984 in Bordj Bou Arréridj) is an Algerian footballer who is currently playing as a forward for JSM Béjaïa in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.	Ramzi Bourakba	JSM Béjaïa
member of sports team	Luke Morahan (born 13 April 1990) is an Australian Rugby Union Player for the Queensland Reds and the Australian Wallabies.	Luke Morahan	Queensland Reds
member of sports team	Filip Chipchev (Bulgarian: Филип Чипчев; born 15 July 1985) is a Bulgarian footballer, currently playing as a forward for FC Oborishte.	Filip Chipchev	FC Oborishte
member of sports team	Ondrej Duda (born 5 December 1994) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for the Polish Ekstraklasa club Legia Warsaw and the Slovakia national football team.	Ondrej Duda	Legia Warsaw
member of sports team	Alexandre Feller (born 28 September 1971) is a Brazilian futsal player who plays for Marca Futsal as a Goalkeeper.	Alexandre Feller	Marca Futsal
member of sports team	Martín Buesa (born 24 August 1988, Vitoria-Gasteiz) is a Spanish professional basketball player, who currently plays for Araberri BC of the LEB Plata league.	Martín Buesa	Araberri BC
member of sports team	Deon McCaulay (born September 20, 1987) is a Belizean international footballer who plays for Verdes FC in the Premier League of Belize.	Deon McCaulay	Verdes FC
member of sports team	Cato Guntveit is a retired Norwegian footballer who played for SK Brann the most of his career.	Cato Guntveit	SK Brann
member of sports team	Arben Shehu (born 6 June 1980) is a former Albanian football striker who played for KS Luftëtari Gjirokastër, Teuta Durres and KS Bylis Ballsh.	Arben Shehu	Luftëtari Gjirokastër
member of sports team	Announced as ``Double-deuce, triple-E, the one and only Juli Veee'', Veee experienced his greatest success as an indoor player with the San Diego Sockers.	Juli Veee	San Diego Sockers
member of sports team	Anthony van den Hurk (born 19 January 1993, in Veghel) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a striker for FC Eindhoven in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Anthony van den Hurk	FC Eindhoven
member of sports team	Béla Lakatos (born 26 September 1984) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Mezőkövesd-Zsóry SE.	Béla Lakatos	Mezőkövesd-Zsóry SE
member of sports team	Shyrone Stith (born April 2, 1978 in Portsmouth, Virginia) is a former running back in the National Football League for the Jacksonville Jaguars and Indianapolis Colts.	Shyrone Stith	Jacksonville Jaguars	Indianapolis Colts
member of sports team	Antonio Jackson de Oliveira Alcántara also known as Jackson (born 22 November 1987 in Brazil) is a Brazilian footballer currently playing football for C.D. Dragón.	Antonio Jackson de Oliveira Alcántara	C.D. Dragón
member of sports team	Rashid Mahazi is an Australian football (soccer) player of Kenyan descent who plays as a central midfielder for Melbourne Victory in the A-League.	Rashid Mahazi	Melbourne Victory
member of sports team	Johannes van den Bergh (born on 21 November 1986) is a German footballer who plays as a midfielder for Hertha BSC.	Johannes van den Bergh	Hertha BSC
member of sports team	On 28 May 2013, FC Schalke 04 confirmed that Felipe Santana had signed a contract with them until 30 June 2016.	Felipe Santana	FC Schalke 04
member of sports team	Will Sierakowski (born 26 July 1990) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the North Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Will Sierakowski	North Melbourne Football Club
member of sports team	Mario Sebastián Viera Galaín (born 7 March 1983) is an Uruguayan professional footballer who plays for Colombian club Junior F.C. as a goalkeeper.	Sebastián Viera	Junior F.C.
member of sports team	Alex Pereira Lopes, better known as Alex Lopes (born May 16, 1989 in Nova Iguaçu), is a Brazilian footballer who acts as a defender and plays for Bangu Atlético Clube on loan from Botafogo.	Alex Pereira Lopes	Bangu Atlético Clube
member of sports team	Sonata Vanagaitė (born 1 September 1994) is a Lithuanian football striker currently playing in the A Lyga for Gintra Universitetas, with which she has also played the Champions League.	Sonata Vanagaitė	Gintra Universitetas
member of sports team	Triandos Luke (born December 24, 1981) is a former American football wide receiver He played in the 2004 season for the Denver Broncos in the National Football League.	Triandos Luke	Denver Broncos
member of sports team	Garrick Cowley is a Rugby Union player for Exeter Chiefs in the Aviva Premiership.	Garrick Cowley	Exeter Chiefs
member of sports team	Vaega Van Tuinei (born February 16, 1971 in Garden Grove, California is a former professional American football player who played defensive end for four seasons for the San Diego Chargers, Indianapolis Colts, and Chicago Bears. His son, Lavasier Tuinei, plays in the Canadian Football League.	Van Tuinei	San Diego Chargers	Indianapolis Colts	Chicago Bears
member of sports team	Egor Yakovlev (born September 17, 1991) is a Russian professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for the rebuilt Lokomotiv Yaroslavl team in the Russian Major League.	Egor Yakovlev	Lokomotiv Yaroslavl
member of sports team	Sean Tomes made his Guinness Premiership debut during the 2007-08 Guinness Premiership coming on as a substitute for the Newcastle Falcons against London Wasps.	Sean Tomes	Newcastle Falcons
member of sports team	Furug Qodirov is a Tajikistani footballer who plays as a defender for CSKA Pomir Dushanbe.	Furug Qodirov	CSKA Pomir Dushanbe
member of sports team	Damian Gjini (born 6 April 1995) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a Midfielder for Greek club Panionios.	Damian Gjini	Panionios
member of sports team	Ben Blackmore is a professional rugby league player who currently plays for Sheffield Eagles Ben hails from the Castleford and has come through the ranks at the Castleford Tigers.	Ben Blackmore	Castleford Tigers
member of sports team	Hanson Horsey (November 26, 1889 -- December 1, 1949) was an American professional baseball player who played in one game for the Cincinnati Reds during the 1912 season.	Hanson Horsey	Cincinnati Reds
member of sports team	Josip Skoko (born 10 December 1975) is a former Australian footballer who played as a central midfielder for North Geelong Warriors, Hajduk Split, Genk, Gençlerbirliği, Wigan Athletic, Stoke City and Melbourne Heart.	Josip Skoko	North Geelong Warriors
member of sports team	Adrian Ucchino (born 4 October 1991) is an Australian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for APIA Leichhardt Tigers in the NSW NPL Men's 1.	Adrian Ucchino	APIA Leichhardt Tigers
member of sports team	Tierra Ruffin-Pratt (born April 11, 1991) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Washington Mystics of the WNBA.	Tierra Ruffin-Pratt	Washington Mystics
member of sports team	Jeff Mason (born August 11, 1981) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman for the Belfast Giants of the Elite Ice Hockey League.	Jeff Mason	Belfast Giants
member of sports team	Krzysztof Wołczek (born April 17, 1979 in Wroclaw) is a Polish footballer who currently plays for Miedź Legnica as a defender.	Krzysztof Wołczek	Miedź Legnica
member of sports team	C. J. Brewer (born May 12, 1982) is a former wide receiver for the San Francisco 49ers of the NFL.	C. J. Brewer	San Francisco 49ers
member of sports team	René Eckardt (born 22 February 1990 in Jena, Thuringia) is a German football midfielder who plays for FC Carl Zeiss Jena.	René Eckardt	FC Carl Zeiss Jena
member of sports team	Mitch Stringer (born 1 November 1983) is a professional rugby league player for Sheffield Eagles rugby league team.	Mitch Stringer	Sheffield Eagles
member of sports team	LeRoy Butler, III (born July 19, 1968) is a former American football strong safety who played his entire career with the Green Bay Packers (1990--2001).	LeRoy Butler	Green Bay Packers
member of sports team	Tuomas Markkula (born 28 June 1990) is a Finnish footballer, who currently plays for Finnish Ykkönen (second level) side RoPS Rovaniemi.	Tuomas Markkula	RoPS
member of sports team	Cristian Darío Álvarez (born 13 November 1985) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays for Paraguayan club Cerro Porteño on loan from San Lorenzo de Almagro as a goalkeeper.	Cristian Darío Álvarez	Cerro Porteño
member of sports team	Kostas Maniatis (Greek: Κώστας Μανιάτης; born 13 May 1983) is a Greek footballer currently playing for Iraklis Psachna F.C. in the Football League (Greece) as a Goalkeeper .	Kostas Maniatis	Iraklis Psachna F.C.
member of sports team	Arkadiusz Klimek (born March 25, 1975 in Iława) is a Polish professional footballer currently playing for Latvian side FK Liepājas Metalurgs.	Arkadiusz Klimek	FK Liepājas Metalurgs
member of sports team	Federico Barrionuevo (born June 30, 1981 in Lanús (Buenos Aires), Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Club Comunicaciones in Argentina.	Federico Barrionuevo	Club Comunicaciones
member of sports team	Hwang Gyu-beom (Hangul: 황규범; born 30 August 1989) is a South Korean footballer who plays as defender for Goyang Hi FC in K League Challenge.	Hwang Gyu-beom	Goyang Hi FC
member of sports team	Stefan Langwieder (born January 8, 1987) is a German professional ice hockey defender who currently plays for the Iserlohn Roosters of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga.	Stefan Langwieder	Iserlohn Roosters
member of sports team	Bruno Silva began playing football for Danubio F.C. in Montevideo, Uruguay at the start of the 2000 season.	Bruno Silva	Danubio F.C.
member of sports team	Álvaro Rey Vázquez (born 11 July 1989 in Seville, Andalusia) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for AD Alcorcón as a winger.	Álvaro Rey	AD Alcorcón
member of sports team	Laureano Sanabria Ruiz (born 22 March 1985), commonly known as Laure, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Deportivo de La Coruña as a right back.	Laureano Sanabria Ruiz	Deportivo de La Coruña
member of sports team	Abdul Hamid Mony (born March 14, 1989 in Ambon) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persiba Balikpapan in the Indonesia Super League.	Abdul Hamid Mony	Persiba Balikpapan
member of sports team	Bruno Sutter (born 16 April 1977 in Langenthal) is a Swiss footballer who plays as a Midfielder for FC Vaduz in the Swiss Super League.	Bruno Sutter	FC Vaduz
member of sports team	Billie Wayne Lemons (July 9, 1955 -- October 12, 2008) was a Church of Christ minister from Lubbock, Texas, who played briefly for the NFL Cleveland Browns in 1977 before being released after the team's first exhibition game that season.	Billie Wayne Lemons	Cleveland Browns
member of sports team	David Lowden is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s and '90s, playing at representative level for Cumbria, and at club level for Workington Town, as a Fullback, or Wing, i.e. number 1, or, 2 or 5.	David Lowden	Workington Town
member of sports team	Joel Indermitte (born 27 December 1992) is an Estonian professional footballer, who plays in Estonian Meistriliiga, for Paide Linnameeskond.	Joel Indermitte	Paide Linnameeskond
member of sports team	Cyrill Gasser (born 11 March 1992) is a Swiss footballer who currently plays as midfielder for FC Thun in the Swiss Super League.	Cyrill Gasser	FC Thun
member of sports team	Christopher Teichmann (born 13 October 1995) is a retired German-Swiss professional footballer who played as a midfielder for FC Aarau.	Christopher Teichmann	FC Aarau
member of sports team	Roberto Porfírio Maximiano Rodrigo (born 28 November 1988 in Porto), known simply as Roberto, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for F.C. Arouca as a forward.	Roberto Porfírio Maximiano Rodrigo	F.C. Arouca
member of sports team	Yuriy Hluschuk (Ukrainian: Юрій Русланович Глущук; born 16 January 1995 in Ukraine) is a Ukrainian football midfielder who plays on loan for FC Illichivets Mariupol in the Ukrainian First League.	Yuriy Hluschuk	FC Illichivets Mariupol
member of sports team	Gonzalo Hinojal Neila (born 14 April 1986), simply known as Gonzalo, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CF Talavera de la Reina as a central defender.	Gonzalo Hinojal Neila	CF Talavera de la Reina
member of sports team	Ardi Qejvani (born 28 January 1993 in Vlorë) is an Albanian football player who currently plays as a midfielder for Flamurtari Vlorë in the Albanian Superliga.	Ardi Qejvani	Flamurtari Vlorë
member of sports team	Sandy Beveridge (born December 9, 1981) is a former professional Canadian football defensive back who played eight seasons on special teams and as a defensive back for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League.	Sandy Beveridge	Hamilton Tiger-Cats
member of sports team	Felipe de Jesús Ayala (born 16 December 1977) is a Mexican born footballer who played for clubs Tigres de la UANL, Chiapas, Puebla F.C. and Correcaminos.	Felipe de Jesús Ayala	Puebla F.C.
member of sports team	Alex Grove (born 30 November 1987) is a Scottish rugby union player for Worcester Warriors in the RFU Championship.	Alex Grove	Worcester Warriors
member of sports team	Michał Chrapek (born 3 April 1992 in Jaworzno) is a Polish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Lechia Gdańsk.	Michał Chrapek	Lechia Gdańsk
member of sports team	Sami Venäläinen (born 14 October 1981) is a Finnish professional ice hockey player who currently plays professionally in Finland for SaiPa of the Liiga.	Sami Venäläinen	SaiPa
member of sports team	On 21 August 2014, after two seasons in Greece with Levadiakos F.C. and Skoda Xanthi F.C. respectively, Josemi was a third-round draft pick for Atlético de Kolkata in the inaugural draft of the Indian Super League draft.	Josemi	Levadiakos F.C.
member of sports team	Hugo Eyre Bernat (born 7 May 1994), commonly known as Hugo, is a Spanish footballer who plays for Albacete Balompié B as a goalkeeper.	Hugo Eyre	Albacete Balompié B
member of sports team	Markus Oberleitner (born 16 August 1973 in Munich) is a former football midfielder who played for SpVgg Unterhaching, Fortuna Düsseldorf and SpVgg Greuther Fürth in Germany and finished his career with FC Kärnten in Austria.	Markus Oberleitner	SpVgg Unterhaching
member of sports team	Khairul Azhan Khalid (born 7 November 1989) is a Malaysian footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Selangor FA.	Khairul Azhan Khalid	Selangor FA
member of sports team	Adriana Martín Santamaría (born 7 November 1986), commonly known as Adriana, is a Spanish international football striker currently playing for Levante UD of the Primera Division (Spain).	Adriana Martín	Levante UD
member of sports team	Markus Thorandt (born 1 April 1981 in Augsburg) is a German footballer who is currently a free agent and has most recently played for FC St. Pauli.	Markus Thorandt	FC St. Pauli
member of sports team	Kani Kauahi has coached at the college level (Mesa Community College), and at the professional level in the NFL (Arizona Cardinals), the CFL (BC Lions, Ottawa Renegades, and the Hamilton Tiger-Cats), and in the XFL (San Francisco Demons).	Kani Kauahi	Arizona Cardinals
member of sports team	Adrian Basta (born December 1, 1988 in Nowy Sącz) is a Polish footballer who plays as a defender for Górnik Łęczna.	Adrian Basta	Górnik Łęczna
member of sports team	Mirko Giacobbe (born 26 July 1992) is an Italian footballer who plays for A.S.D. Real Metapontino as a midfielder.	Mirko Giacobbe	A.S.D. Real Metapontino
member of sports team	Hyun-jin Ryu (Hangul: 류현진; born March 25, 1987) is a South Korean professional baseball starting pitcher for the Los Angeles Dodgers of Major League Baseball.	Hyun-jin Ryu	Los Angeles Dodgers
member of sports team	Niklas Zulciak (born 3 February 1994) is a German footballer of Polish descent who plays as a attacking midfielder for Lech Poznań.	Niklas Zulciak	Lech Poznań
member of sports team	Amber van der Heijde is a Dutch football midfielder currently playing in the BeNe League for Telstar.	Amber van der Heijde	Telstar
member of sports team	Niclas Heimann (born 12 March 1991) is a German footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Rot-Weiss Essen in the Regionalliga West.	Niclas Heimann	Rot-Weiss Essen
member of sports team	Pyry Kärkkäinen (born 10 November 1986 in Kiuruvesi) is a Finnish footballer who currently plays for FC Lahti in the Finnish Veikkausliiga.	Pyry Kärkkäinen	FC Lahti
member of sports team	Kelly Geoffrey (born 25 January 1990) is a Canadian ice hockey player who plays as an import Left Winger for the CBR Brave in the Australian Ice Hockey League (AIHL).	Kelly Geoffrey	CBR Brave
member of sports team	Cheng Lai Hin Michael (born 31 March 1986), commonly known as Cheng Lai Hin (Chinese: 鄭禮騫; Jyutping: zeng6 lai5 hin1), is a Hong Kong footballer who plays as a striker for Hong Kong Premier League club South China AA.	Cheng Lai Hin	South China AA
member of sports team	Luís Carlos Correia Pinto (born 5 May 1985), known as Luisinho, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Deportivo de La Coruña as a left back.	Luís Carlos Correia Pinto	Deportivo de La Coruña
member of sports team	Damian Ciechanowski (born 3 April 1996) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a right-back for Olimpia Grudziądz.	Damian Ciechanowski	Olimpia Grudziądz
member of sports team	Dan Tuohy (born 18 June 1985) is an English-born Ireland international rugby union player, currently playing for Ulster Rugby.	Dan Tuohy	Ulster Rugby
member of sports team	Martín Bonjour (born 4 September 1985) is an Argentine footballer who currently plays for Ecuadorian Serie A side Deportivo Quito.	Martín Bonjour	Deportivo Quito
member of sports team	In September 1982, Freeman Williams was traded by the Atlanta Hawks along with John Drew, and cash to the Utah Jazz in exchange for Dominique Wilkins who was drafted by the Jazz and refused to sign.	Freeman Williams	Atlanta Hawks	Utah Jazz
member of sports team	Javier Gutiérrez Berlinches (born 9 January 1988), commonly known as Guti, is a Spanish footballer who plays for La Roda CF as a winger.	Javier Gutiérrez Berlinches	La Roda CF
member of sports team	Filip Šebo (born 24 February 1984) is a Slovak football forward, who currently plays for FC Petržalka akadémia in the 5.	Filip Šebo	FC Petržalka akadémia
member of sports team	Ljubomir Arsić (Cyrillic: Љубомир Арсић, born 21 October 1985 in Užice) is a Serbian football striker playing with FK Jedinstvo Putevi in the Serbian First League.	Ljubomir Arsić	FK Jedinstvo Putevi
member of sports team	Marc Stcherbina (born 7 December 1976 in Sydney) is a retired Australian rugby union player who last played for Newport Gwent Dragons.	Marc Stcherbina	Newport Gwent Dragons
member of sports team	Jefferson Francisco Marques Lopes (Albanian: Fransisko Xheferson); born 17 October 1989 in São Paulo), commonly known as Jefferson, is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a defensive midfielder for FK Kukësi in the Albanian Superliga.	Jefferson Francisco Marques Lopes	FK Kukësi
member of sports team	Francisco Andra Andra (born 15 July 1988) is a Chilean footballer who currently plays for Chilean Primera División club Cobresal as playmaker.	Francisco Andra	Cobresal
member of sports team	Salema Kasdaoui (born 25 November 1984 in Tunis, Tunisia) is a Tunisian football striker who is playing for Club Africain.	Salema Kasdaoui	Club Africain
member of sports team	Alen Ožbolt (born 24 June 1996) is a Slovenian football forward who plays for Borussia Dortmund II on loan from Domžale.	Alen Ožbolt	Borussia Dortmund II
member of sports team	Edvinas Gertmonas (born 1 June 1996) is a Lithuanian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Stade Rennais F.C..	Edvinas Gertmonas	Stade Rennais F.C.
member of sports team	Dominik Picak (born 12 February 1992) is a Croatian football goalkeeper who plays for NK Slaven Belupo.	Dominik Picak	NK Slaven Belupo
member of sports team	Abdelmoumene Djabou (born January 31, 1987) is an Algerian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for ES Sétif in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.	Abdelmoumene Djabou	ES Sétif
member of sports team	Zoltán Lipták (born 10 December 1984) is a Hungarian footballer who is playing for Győri ETO FC.	Zoltán Lipták	Győri ETO FC
member of sports team	Łukasz Nawotczyński (born March 30, 1982 in Ciechanów) is a Polish footballer playing as defender for Zawisza Bydgoszcz.	Łukasz Nawotczyński	Zawisza Bydgoszcz
member of sports team	Choi Woo-jae (Hangul: 최우재; born 21 May 1990) is a South Korean footballer who plays as defender for Gangwon FC in K League Challenge.	Choi Woo-jae	Gangwon FC
member of sports team	Mikołaj Grzelak is a Polish footballer who plays as a defender for GKS Bełchatów in the Ekstraklasa.	Mikołaj Grzelak	GKS Bełchatów
member of sports team	Dawid Kownacki (born 14 March 1997) is a Polish footballer who plays as a striker for Ekstraklasa club Lech Poznań.	Dawid Kownacki	Lech Poznań
member of sports team	Natasha Lacy (born July 8, 1985) is an American professional basketball player who last played for the New York Liberty in the WNBA.	Natasha Lacy	New York Liberty
member of sports team	Przemysław Tytoń (Polish pronunciation: (pʂɛˈmɨswaf ˈtɨtɔɲ); born 4 January 1987 in Zamość) is a Polish goalkeeper who plays for German Bundesliga side VfB Stuttgart.	Przemysław Tytoń	VfB Stuttgart
member of sports team	Anouar Diba (Arabic: أنور ديبا; born 27 February 1983 in Utrecht, the Netherlands) is a Dutch footballer of Moroccan descent who currently plays for Al-Wakrah Sports Club in the Qatar Stars League.	Anouar Diba	Al-Wakrah Sports Club
member of sports team	Carl Gibson (born 23 April 1963) is an English rugby league footballer of the 1980s and '90s playing at representative level for Great Britain, and Yorkshire, and at club level for Batley, Leeds, and Featherstone Rovers, as a Fullback, Wing, or Centre.	Carl Gibson	Featherstone Rovers
member of sports team	Tomasz Księżyc (born April 20, 1974 in Kraków) is a Polish footballer (defender) who plays for Puszcza Niepołomice.	Tomasz Księżyc	Puszcza Niepołomice
member of sports team	Roholla Iqbalzadeh (born 2 November 1994) is an Afghan footballer who plays as a defender for Byåsen Toppfotball.	Roholla Iqbalzadeh	Byåsen Toppfotball
member of sports team	Sulejman Starova (born 12 December 1955) is a former Albanian footballer who played all of his career with Partizani Tirana.	Sulejman Starova	Partizani Tirana
member of sports team	David Bouard (born March 12, 1977 in Quimper, Finistère, France) is a retired French midfielder who last played for French Ligue 2 side Vannes OC.	David Bouard	Vannes OC
member of sports team	Nico Rijnders (30 July 1947, Breda - 16 March 1976) was a Dutch footballer who played for NAC Breda and Ajax Amsterdam and was part of their European Cup victory in 1971.	Nico Rijnders	NAC Breda
member of sports team	Thomas Bibiris (Greek: Θωμάς Μπιμπίρης; born 7 March 1985) is a Greek footballer who plays for Rodos F.C. in the Beta Ethniki.	Thomas Bibiris	Rodos F.C.
member of sports team	By early 2011, after FK Drina Zvornik coach Darko Vojvodić resigned, Milenko Milošević along with Svetozar Vukašinović took charge of the team in their Bosnian Premier League match against FK Olimpic and stayed as team coaches until Dragan Mićić got appointed at March 25, 2011.	Milenko Milošević	FK Drina Zvornik
member of sports team	Robston has won the Goiano Championship under the flag of Atlético Clube Goianiense two times.	Robston	Atlético Clube Goianiense
member of sports team	Domico Coddington (born May 24, 1984) is a Bermudianfootball player, who currently plays for local side Devonshire Cougars.	Domico Coddington	Devonshire Cougars
member of sports team	Ted van de Pavert (born 6 January 1992) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a centre back for De Graafschap.	Ted van de Pavert	De Graafschap
member of sports team	Roly Meates studied dentistry at Dublin University, where he played as a forward with the Dublin University Football Club before moving to Wanderers.	Roly Meates	Dublin University Football Club	Wanderers
member of sports team	Emiliano Tade (born March 3, 1988) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Auckland City FC in ASB Premiership, as a forward.	Emiliano Tade	Auckland City FC
member of sports team	Ender Konca (born 22 October 1947) is a former footballer who played for Kasımpaşa, İstanbulspor, Eskişehirspor, Eintracht Frankfurt, Fenerbahçe and Turkey.	Ender Konca	Eskişehirspor	Eintracht Frankfurt	Fenerbahçe
member of sports team	Colin Booth (born 30 December 1934) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League as an inside forward for Wolverhampton Wanderers, Nottingham Forest, Doncaster Rovers and Oxford United.	Colin Booth	Doncaster Rovers
member of sports team	Jarkko Lahdenmäki (born 16 April 1991) a Finnish football player currently playing for Finnish Veikkausliiga side RoPS.	Jarkko Lahdenmäki	RoPS
member of sports team	Yustinus Pae or Tinus Pae (born June 19, 1983) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persipura Jayapura in the Indonesia Super League.	Yustinus Pae	Persipura Jayapura
member of sports team	Rolly Lumbala (born January 30, 1986 in Libreville, Gabon) is a Canadian football fullback for the BC Lions.	Rolly Lumbala	BC Lions
member of sports team	Oscar Altamirano (born January 9, 1978 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently striker playing for Club Almagro of the Primera B Metropolitana in Argentina.	Oscar Altamirano	Club Almagro
member of sports team	Kristian Forsberg (born May 5, 1986) is a Norwegian professional ice hockey player, currently playing for Stavanger Oilers of the Norwegian GET-league.	Kristian Forsberg	Stavanger Oilers
member of sports team	Volodymyr Lysenko (Ukrainian: Володимир Володимирович Лисенко; born 20 April 1988 in Kiev, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian football forward for FC Olimpik Donetsk in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Volodymyr Lysenko	FC Olimpik Donetsk
member of sports team	Shane Webcke (born 28 September 1974 in Toowoomba, Queensland) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer, who spent his entire top-grade career playing for the Brisbane Broncos.	Shane Webcke	Brisbane Broncos
member of sports team	Brian Urlacher (/ˈɜːrlækər/; born May 25, 1978) is a former American football linebacker who spent his entire 13-year career playing for the Chicago Bears of the National Football League (NFL).	Brian Urlacher	Chicago Bears
member of sports team	Upon graduating from the University of North Dakota, Robbie Bina signed his first professional contract with the Edmonton Oilers organization in July 2008, a one year, two-way deal with affiliates, the Springfield Falcons of the AHL and Stockton Thunder of the ECHL.	Robbie Bina	Springfield Falcons
member of sports team	Carl Silvestri was a player in the National Football League for the St. Louis Cardinals and Atlanta Falcons in 1965 and 1966 as a defensive back.	Carl Silvestri	Atlanta Falcons
member of sports team	Antonio Rodríguez Dovale (born 4 April 1990), commonly known as Toni, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Leganés mainly as a left winger.	Antonio Rodríguez Dovale	CD Leganés
member of sports team	Stipe Vučur (born 22 May 1992) is an Austrian-Croatian footballer who plays as a central defender for 1. FC Kaiserslautern in the German 2.	Stipe Vučur	1. FC Kaiserslautern
member of sports team	Jung Gi-woon (Hangul: 정기운; born 5 July 1992) is a South Korean footballer who plays as forward for Suwon FC in K League Challenge.	Jung Gi-woon	Suwon FC
member of sports team	Naby Twimumu (born 24 August 1990 in Congo) is a Luxembourgian international footballer who plays for CS Muhlenbach Lusitanos.	Naby Twimumu	CS Muhlenbach Lusitanos
member of sports team	Elísa Viðarsdóttir (born 26 May 1991) is an Icelandic footballer who plays as a defender for Kristianstads DFF of the Swedish Damallsvenskan and the Iceland women's national football team.	Elísa Viðarsdóttir	Kristianstads DFF
member of sports team	Huang Zhiyi (Chinese:黄志毅) (born February 3, 1981) is a Chinese footballer, who currently plays for Hoi Fan.	Huang Zhiyi	Hoi Fan
member of sports team	Güven Varol (born 2 June 1981) is a Turkish professional footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for Mersin İdmanyurdu in the Süper Lig.	Güven Varol	Mersin İdmanyurdu
member of sports team	Dale Markham was a player in the National Football League for the New York Giants and St. Louis Cardinals in 1980 and 1981 as a tackle and defensive end.	Dale Markham	New York Giants
member of sports team	Yusuf Effendi (born 5 June 1988) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Gresik United as a striker.	Yusuf Effendi	Gresik United
member of sports team	Patrick Groetzki (born 4 July 1989) is a German handballer who plays for Rhein-Neckar Löwen.	Patrick Groetzki	Rhein-Neckar Löwen
member of sports team	Jürgen Kuresoo (born 11 February 1987 in Elva) is an Estonian professional footballer, playing for FC Elva in Estonian III Liiga Lõuna.	Jürgen Kuresoo	FC Elva
member of sports team	Jacob Tjørnelund (born 31 December 1991) is a Danish professional football defender, who currently plays for the Danish Superliga side Hobro IK.	Jacob Tjørnelund	Hobro IK
member of sports team	Drew Russell (born December 28, 1990) is an American soccer player who plays as a defender for Pittsburgh Riverhounds in the USL.	Drew Russell	Pittsburgh Riverhounds
member of sports team	Gerard Kerkum (born 17 December 1930) is a Dutch retired footballer and was twice chairman of Dutch football team Feyenoord Rotterdam.	Gerard Kerkum	Feyenoord
member of sports team	Azharuddin Mallick (born in Kolkata) is an Indian footballer who plays as a forward for Mohun Bagan A.C. He made his I-League debut against Aizawl F.C..	Azharuddin Mallick	Mohun Bagan A.C.
member of sports team	Hervé Gorce (3 December 1952 -- 14 August 2008) was a professional football defender who played for USL Dunkerque and Stade Lavallois.	Hervé Gorce	USL Dunkerque
member of sports team	Begli Nurmyradow (born May 27, 1981) is a Turkmen footballer (defender) playing currently for HTTU Aşgabat.	Begli Nurmyradow	HTTU Aşgabat
member of sports team	Jab Murray (October 28, 1892 -- April 28, 1958) was a player in the National Football League for the Green Bay Packers and Racine Legion from 1921 to 1924.	Jab Murray	Green Bay Packers
member of sports team	Matthias Plachta (born May 16, 1991) is a German professional ice hockey forward who is currently playing for the Springfield Falcons in the American Hockey League (AHL) while under contract to the Arizona Coyotes of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Matthias Plachta	Arizona Coyotes
member of sports team	Zong Lei started his football career playing for the Tianjin Teda F.C. youth team before breaking into the senior team during the 2001 league season.	Zong Lei	Tianjin Teda F.C.
member of sports team	Cornelis Kaimu is an Indonesian professional footballer who currently plays as a forward for Persijap Jepara in the Indonesia Super League.	Cornelis Kaimu	Persijap Jepara
member of sports team	Serge Blanco (born 31 August 1958 in Caracas, Venezuela) is a former rugby union footballer who played fullback for Biarritz Olympique and the French national side, gaining 93 caps, 81 of them at fullback.	Serge Blanco	Biarritz Olympique
member of sports team	Carl Morton (January 18, 1944 -- April 12, 1983) was a starting pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Montreal Expos (1969--72) and Atlanta Braves (1973--76).	Carl Morton	Montreal Expos	Atlanta Braves
member of sports team	David Ellard (born 13 March 1989) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Carlton Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	David Ellard	Carlton Football Club
member of sports team	Yves Courteau (born April 25, 1964 in Montreal, Quebec and raised in Laval, Quebec) is a retired professional ice hockey forward who played in the National Hockey League for the Calgary Flames and Hartford Whalers from 1984--87.	Yves Courteau	Calgary Flames	Hartford Whalers
member of sports team	Jürgen Locadia (born 7 November 1993 in Emmen, Netherlands) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as a striker for PSV Eindhoven.	Jürgen Locadia	PSV Eindhoven
member of sports team	Samuel Piette (born 12 November 1994) is a Canadian soccer player who plays for Spanish club Deportivo de La Coruña B as a defensive midfielder.	Samuel Piette	Deportivo de La Coruña B
member of sports team	Richard Adrián Salinas Benítez (born 6 February 1988 in Asunción) is a Paraguayan footballer, he plays for Club Olimpia.	Richard Adrián Salinas	Club Olimpia
member of sports team	Brent Moss (born January 30, 1972) is a former American football running back for the Wisconsin Badgers from 1991--1994.	Brent Moss	Wisconsin Badgers
member of sports team	Terry Vaughn (born December 25, 1971) is a former Canadian Football League receiver most recently with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.	Terry Vaughn	Hamilton Tiger-Cats
member of sports team	Fred Besana (born March 9, 1954 at Roseville, California) is a former American football quarterback for the Oakland Invaders of the United States Football League as well as the Buffalo Bills and the New York Giants of the National Football League.	Fred Besana	Buffalo Bills	New York Giants
member of sports team	Mauricio Acosta is a Colombian football player, who plays as a goalkeeper for Independiente Santa Fe in the Copa Mustang.	Mauricio Acosta	Independiente Santa Fe
member of sports team	Jacopo Dezi (born 10 February 1992) is an Italian footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Serie B side Bari on loan from Serie A club Napoli.	Jacopo Dezi	Napoli
member of sports team	Surjay Pariyar (born 8 October 1992 in Mangan, India) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Rangdajied United F.C. in the I-League.	Surjay Pariyar	Rangdajied United F.C.
member of sports team	Matúš Pekár (born 16 March 1984 in Bojnice) is a Slovak football striker who currently plays for FK Haniska, on loan from 1.	Matúš Pekár	FK Haniska
member of sports team	Mel Melin is a former Canadian football backup quarterback for the BC Lions.	Mel Melin	BC Lions
member of sports team	After still appearing with successfully for J. League's Kashima Antlers, winning both the league and MVP titles in 1996, Jorginho returned to Brazil and played until 39, with São Paulo FC, CR Vasco da Gama and Fluminense Football Club.	Jorginho	Kashima Antlers	CR Vasco da Gama
member of sports team	Thomas Lombard began playing Rugby Union with Racing but he moved to Stade Français with whom he won four top 14s.	Thomas Lombard	Stade Français
member of sports team	Koba Jass (born May 1, 1990) is a Latvian professional ice hockey forward, who plays for HC Bílí Tygři Liberec in Czech Extraliga.	Koba Jass	HC Bílí Tygři Liberec
member of sports team	John Dewey Adkins (May 11, 1918 -- December 26, 1998) was a Major League Baseball pitcher for the Washington Senators and Chicago Cubs in the 1940s.	Dewey Adkins	Chicago Cubs
member of sports team	Marlon Barnes (born March 13, 1976 in Memphis, Tennessee) is a former American football running back for the Chicago Bears of the NFL.	Marlon Barnes	Chicago Bears
member of sports team	Marvin Lane (born January 18, 1950), is a former Major League Baseball outfielder who played from 1971 to 1974 and in 1976 with the Detroit Tigers.	Marvin Lane	Detroit Tigers
member of sports team	Abdullah Marafee is a Qatari footballer who currently plays for Al-Arabi SC (Qatar), the same club he signed on with as a youth player.	Abdullah Marafee	Al-Arabi SC
member of sports team	Marko Vidović (Serbian Cyrillic: Mapкo Bидoвић, born on 3 June 1988) is a Montenegrin footballer, who plays as a left back for Partizani Tirana in the Albanian Superliga.	Marko Vidović	Partizani Tirana
member of sports team	Samuli Suhonen is a Finnish professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays in Finland for KalPa of the SM-liiga.	Samuli Suhonen	KalPa
member of sports team	Daniel Nepomuceno Navarro (born August 22, 1991) is a Brazilian-American professional soccer player who plays as a defender for Fort Lauderdale Strikers in the North American Soccer League.	Daniel Nepomuceno Navarro	Fort Lauderdale Strikers
member of sports team	Josualdo Alves da Silva Oliveira, better known as Kiko (born August 24, 1978), is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for Portuguese team F.C. Paços de Ferreira of the BWIN lIGA.	Josualdo Alves da Silva Oliveira	F.C. Paços de Ferreira
member of sports team	Barry Sanders (born July 16, 1968) is a former American football running back who spent his entire professional career with the Detroit Lions of the National Football League.	Barry Sanders	Detroit Lions
member of sports team	Tomáš Vondrášek (born 26 October 1987 is a Czech football striker currently playing for FK Teplice in the Czech Republic.	Tomáš Vondrášek	FK Teplice
member of sports team	Mel Deane (born 16 January 1975) is a former rugby union footballer who played centre for Connacht, Harlequins and Sale Sharks and Richmond.	Mel Deane	Sale Sharks
member of sports team	Isaac Carcelén Valencia (born 23 April 1993), simply known as Isaac, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Zaragoza as a right back.	Isaac Carcelén	Real Zaragoza
member of sports team	Igor Grigorenko (born April 9, 1983, in Tolyatti, Soviet Union) is a Russian professional ice hockey right winger currently playing for Salavat Yulaev Ufa in the Russian Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Igor Grigorenko	Salavat Yulaev Ufa
member of sports team	Bogusław Wyparło (born November 29, 1974 in Mielec) is a Polish footballer (goalkeeper) playing currently for Stal Mielec.	Bogusław Wyparło	Stal Mielec
member of sports team	Marina Pettersson-Engström (born 21 September 1987) is a Swedish footballer who plays as a centre back for Damallsvenskan club KIF Örebro DFF and the Sweden women's national football team.	Marina Pettersson-Engström	KIF Örebro DFF
member of sports team	Edgar Bennett III (born February 15, 1969) is an American football coach and former player who is the offensive coordinator for the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League (NFL).	Edgar Bennett	Green Bay Packers
member of sports team	Narcisse-Olivier Kapo-Obou (born 27 September 1980 in Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire), known as Olivier Kapo, is a French footballer who last played for Ekstraklasa club Korona Kielce.	Olivier Kapo	Korona Kielce
member of sports team	Paolo Mavolo (born 6 March 1992) is a Hungarian striker who currently plays for Zalaegerszegi TE.	Paolo Mavolo	Zalaegerszegi TE
member of sports team	Park Hyeong-soon (Hangul: 박형순; born 23 October 1989) is a South Korean footballer who plays as goalkeeper for Suwon FC in K League Challenge.	Park Hyeong-soon	Suwon FC
member of sports team	Ngabu Yannick Bapupa (born 21 January 1982) is a Congolese footballer who plays for as a midfielder and is currently a free agent after leaving his most recent club AFC United.	Yannick Bapupa	AFC United
member of sports team	Park Sun-yong (Hangul: 박선용; born 12 March 1989) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a Midfielder for Pohang Steelers in the K League Classic.	Park Sun-yong	Pohang Steelers
member of sports team	Mo'ayyad Omar Suleiman Abu Keshek commonly known as Mo'ayyad Abu Keshek (Arabic: مؤيد عمر سليمان أبو كشك‎; born 27 April 1982) is a Jordanian footballer of Palestinian origin, who plays for Fanja SC in the Omantel Professional League.	Mo'ayyad Abu Keshek	Fanja SC
member of sports team	Luca Zuffi (born 27 March 1990 in Winterthur) is a Swiss footballer who plays as Midfielder for FC Basel in the Swiss Super League.	Luca Zuffi	FC Basel
member of sports team	Théodore Varvier (29 April 1884 in Lyon - 25 August 1913, 29 years old) was a French rugby union player, who played for the France national rugby union team.	Théodore Varvier	France national rugby union team
member of sports team	Yevhen Murashov (Ukrainian: Євген Ігорович Мурашов; born 9 May 1995 in Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who plays for FC Chornomorets Odesa in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Yevhen Murashov	FC Chornomorets Odesa
member of sports team	Omar Betrouni (born 9 January 1949) is a former Algeria international football forward who played for MC Alger and USM Alger.	Omar Betrouni	MC Alger	USM Alger
member of sports team	After starting his professional career with lowly Mogi Mirim Esporte Clube, São Gonçalo Futebol Clube and Corinthians Alagoano, Olberdam moved abroad and joined Portuguese Primeira Liga club C.S. Marítimo in the summer of 2005, aged 20.	Olberdam	C.S. Marítimo
member of sports team	Richard Elias Anderson (born November 30, 1977 in Ottawa) is a Canadian former professional basketball player who last played for the Halifax Rainmen at the center position.	Richard Elias Anderson	Halifax Rainmen
member of sports team	Dimitrios Karatziovalis (Greek: Δημήτρης Καρατζιοβαλής; born 22 July 1975) is a Greek footballer who plays for Makedonikos F.C. as a Goalkeeper.	Dimitrios Karatziovalis	Makedonikos F.C.
member of sports team	Michal Kamenčík (born 2 January 1993 in Prešov) is a Slovak football striker who currently plays for club 1. FC Tatran Prešov.	Michal Kamenčík	1. FC Tatran Prešov
member of sports team	Almir Bajramovski (Macedonian: Алмир Бајрамовски; born 21 May 1982) is a Macedonian football defender, currently playing for FK Skopje.	Almir Bajramovski	FK Skopje
member of sports team	Youri Loen (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈjuːri ˈlun); born 27 January 1991) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Fortuna Sittard, on loan from Sparta Rotterdam, in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Youri Loen	Sparta Rotterdam
member of sports team	Samuel Santos Bourque (born April 18, 1996) is a Canadian soccer player who currently plays for Juventus IF in the Swedish football.	Samuel Santos Bourque	Juventus IF
member of sports team	Fernando López López (born February 7, 1984 in La Piedad, Michoacán) is a Mexican football defender, who plays for Dorados de Sinaloa.	Fernando López López	Dorados de Sinaloa
member of sports team	Béla Egresi (born in Csepel on 11 May 1922 -- died in Budapest on 10 June 1999) was a Hungarian football forward, who played for Kispest and Újpest FC, as well as representing 23 times the Hungarian national football team between 1943 and 1953.	Béla Egresi	Újpest FC
member of sports team	Artem Pustovyi (Ukrainian: Артем Пустовий, born June 25, 1992) is a Ukrainian professional basketball player who currently plays for Obradoiro CAB of the Spanish Liga ACB, on loan from Ukrainian club BC Khimik.	Artem Pustovyi	BC Khimik
member of sports team	John Purves (born February 12, 1968 in Toronto, Ontario) is a retired Canadian ice hockey player who played seven games in the National Hockey League for the Washington Capitals during the 1990--91 NHL season.	John Purves	Washington Capitals
member of sports team	Daniel Stensøe (born 10 September 1994) is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a midfielder for SK Herd.	Daniel Stensøe	SK Herd
member of sports team	Paul Broderick (born 3 January 1970) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the VFL/AFL between 1988 and 1993 for the Fitzroy Football Club and then from 1994 until 2001 for the Richmond Football Club.	Paul Broderick	Fitzroy Football Club	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	Azman Adnan (born 1 November 1971) is a former Malaysian footballer who last played for Negeri Sembilan FA before retiring.	Azman Adnan	Negeri Sembilan FA
member of sports team	Simon Hogan (born 16 August 1988) is an Australian rules footballer for the Geelong Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Simon Hogan	Geelong Football Club
member of sports team	Shlomi Moshe Ohayon (Hebrew: שלומי משה אוחיון‎; born May 24, 1983 in Ashdod) is an Israeli football player who currently plays for F.C. Ashdod.	Moshe Ohayon	F.C. Ashdod
member of sports team	Ramiro Arias (born 6 January 1993) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Aldosivi, on loan from San Lorenzo, as a defender.	Ramiro Arias	Aldosivi
member of sports team	Lorry Nkolo (born June 22, 1993) is a Congolese professional footballer who plays as a forward for DRB Tadjenanet in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.	Lorry Nkolo	DRB Tadjenanet
member of sports team	Martin Sejr Jensen (born 10 July 1973), known as Martin S. Jensen, is a Danish former professional football goalkeeper, who played 134 games in the top-flight Danish Superliga championship from 2001 to 2007, representing Esbjerg fB, Odense BK, Randers FC, and AaB Aalborg.	Martin S. Jensen	Esbjerg fB	Randers FC
member of sports team	Orest Kuzyk (Ukrainian: Орест Тарасович Кузик; born 17 May 1995 in Lviv, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian football midfielder who plays on loan for FC Hoverla Uzhhorod in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Orest Kuzyk	FC Hoverla Uzhhorod
member of sports team	Fernando Navarro Corbacho (Spanish pronunciation: (ferˈnando naˈβaro); born 25 June 1982) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Deportivo de La Coruña.	Fernando Navarro	Deportivo de La Coruña
member of sports team	Nick Riewoldt (/ˈriːvoʊlt/ REE-volt; born 17 October 1982) is an Australian rules footballer who is the current captain of the St Kilda Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Nick Riewoldt	St Kilda Football Club
member of sports team	Dale Dodrill (born February 7, 1926) was an American football defensive tackle who played nine seasons for the Pittsburgh Steelers.	Dale Dodrill	Pittsburgh Steelers
member of sports team	Graham Teasdale (born 26 June 1955) is a former Australian rules football player who played for the Richmond Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL) between 1972 and 1975, for the South Melbourne Football Club from 1975 to 1981 and then for the Collingwood Football Club from 1982 to 1984.	Graham Teasdale	Richmond Football Club	Collingwood Football Club
member of sports team	Cornelius Bencsik (born 22 October 1997) is a Norwegian football midfielder who currently plays for Norwegian Premier League side Stabæk Fotball.	Cornelius Bencsik	Stabæk Fotball
member of sports team	Helmut Riegler (born October 13, 1976) is an Austria international footballer who played for clubs including Union St. Florian.	Helmut Riegler	Union St. Florian
member of sports team	Ezequiel Arana de Palacio (born 1 May 1986), simply known as Ezequiel, is a Spanish footballer who plays for La Roda CF as a left back.	Ezequiel Arana	La Roda CF
member of sports team	Arno Kozelsky (born November 1, 1981) is an Austrian footballer, currently playing for SKN St. Pölten.	Arno Kozelsky	SKN St. Pölten
member of sports team	Lukáš Štetina (born 28 July 1991) is a Slovak football central defender who currently plays for Gambrinus Liga club FK Dukla Prague.	Lukáš Štetina	FK Dukla Prague
member of sports team	Romeo Wouden (born December 20, 1970 in Amsterdam, Netherlands) is a Dutch footballer who made his Eerste Divisie league debut with club FC Dordrecht during the 1988--1989 season and played his last Eerste Divisie league game with club Sparta Rotterdam during the 1999--2000 season.	Romeo Wouden	Sparta Rotterdam
member of sports team	Süleyman Seba (5 April 1926 - 13 August 2014) was a Turkish football player and was the longest presiding Chairman of the Istanbul based multisports club Beşiktaş J.K..	Süleyman Seba	Beşiktaş J.K.
member of sports team	Glen Christian (born c. 1929) is a former Canadian football halfback who played five seasons in the Canadian Football League with the Calgary Stampeders and BC Lions.	Glen Christian	BC Lions
member of sports team	Jurrell Casey (born December 5, 1989) is an American football defensive end for the Tennessee Titans of the National Football League (NFL).	Jurrell Casey	Tennessee Titans
member of sports team	Ramazan Civelek (born 22 January 1996) is a Turkish footballer who currently plays for Turkish side Fenerbahçe S.K..	Ramazan Civelek	Fenerbahçe
member of sports team	Asim Škaljić (born August 9, 1981 in Mostar) is a Bosnian footballer currently playing as a defender for FK Velež Mostar.	Asim Škaljić	FK Velež Mostar
member of sports team	Hasheem Thabeet (born Hashim Thabit Manka on 16 February 1987) is a Tanzanian professional basketball player who last played for the Grand Rapids Drive of the NBA Development League.	Hasheem Thabeet	Grand Rapids Drive
member of sports team	Léandre Tawamba career is linked with Cameroonian clubs Union Douala, Aigle Royal Menoua and South African FC Cape Town and also Mpumalanga Black Aces, In summer 2012, he was on an unsuccessful trials in Slovak football clubs ŠK Slovan Bratislava and later at MFK Ružomberok.	Léandre Tawamba	MFK Ružomberok
member of sports team	Oleksandr Mihunov (Ukrainian: Олександр Юрійович Мігунов; born 13 April 1994 in Donetsk, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian football midfielder, who plays on loan for Ukrainian First League club FC Illichivets Mariupol.	Oleksandr Mihunov	FC Illichivets Mariupol
member of sports team	Bence Ludánszki (born 25 October 1990 in Debrecen) is a Hungarian football defender player who currently plays for Debreceni VSC.	Bence Ludánszki	Debreceni VSC
member of sports team	Chris Annakin (born 30 January 1991) is an English professional rugby league player for Wakefield Trinity Wildcats (Heritage #1325) in the Super League and for the London Broncos on dual registration.	Chris Annakin	Wakefield Trinity Wildcats
member of sports team	Derek Joslin (born March 17, 1987) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing with AIK IF of the Swedish Hockey League (SHL).	Derek Joslin	AIK IF
member of sports team	Kayle Connor (born 8 January 1990) is an Australian Rugby League player who currently plays for Workington Town in the Kingstone Press Championship 1 competition in the United Kingdom.	Kayle Connor	Workington Town
member of sports team	Dick Grigg (8 June 1885 -- 14 November 1972) was an Australian rules footballer for the Geelong Football Club in the Victorian Football League, now Australian Football League.	Dick Grigg	Geelong Football Club
member of sports team	Brison Manor (August 10, 1952) was an American football defensive end who played eight seasons in the National Football League for the Denver Broncos, from 1977--1984, before appearing in six games with Tampa Bay Buccaneers, also in 1984.	Brison Manor	Denver Broncos	Tampa Bay Buccaneers
member of sports team	Calcio Catania officially agreed to the permanent transfer of midfielder Norbert Gyömbér from Dukla Banská Bystrica during the 2013 January transfer window, though the transfer was not officially be completed until 1 July 2013.	Norbert Gyömbér	Calcio Catania
member of sports team	Denis Stasyuk (September 2, 1985) is a Russian professional ice hockey winger who currently plays for Metallurg Novokuznetsk of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Denis Stasyuk	Metallurg Novokuznetsk
member of sports team	Alexander Nandzik (born 12 September 1992) is a German footballer who plays for SSV Jahn Regensburg on loan from Chemnitzer FC.	Alexander Nandzik	SSV Jahn Regensburg
member of sports team	Manish Maithani is an Indian football player who plays as a Central Midfielder for Vitória de Guimarães B in the Portuguese 2nd division, on loan from Indian Super League club FC Pune City.	Manish Maithani	Vitória de Guimarães B
member of sports team	Alexander Pavlovich (born July 12, 1988 in Grodno) is a Belarusian professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for HC Dinamo Minsk in the Kontinental Hockey League.	Alexander Pavlovich	HC Dinamo Minsk
member of sports team	Toni Kallio (born 9 August 1978) is a Finnish former footballer who last presented Ilves in Ykkönen.	Toni Kallio	Ilves
member of sports team	Waly Coulibaly (born February 10, 1988) is a Malian basketball player who last played for The Patterson School after previously playing for Stade Malien of the Malian Basketball League while in High School.	Waly Coulibaly	Stade Malien
member of sports team	Juliano André Pereira da Silva (born 13 October 1986 in Parapuã, São Paulo), commonly known as Juliano, is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a defender for FK Kukësi in the Albanian Superliga.	Juliano André Pereira da Silva	FK Kukësi
member of sports team	Mokhtar Naili (Arabic: مختار النايلي‎; born 3 September 1953) is a retired Tunisian footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Club Africain and the Tunisian national team.	Mokhtar Naili	Club Africain
member of sports team	Washington Luiz Pereira dos Santos (born 10 April 1975) is a Brazilian football player who currently plays as a striker for Nacional Futebol Clube.	Washington Luiz Pereira dos Santos	Nacional Futebol Clube
member of sports team	Valdeir da Silva Santos or simply Valdeir (born 12 April 1977 in Maceió) is a Brazilian football attacking midfielder, who currently plays for Clube Atlético Metropolitano.	Valdeir da Silva Santos	Clube Atlético Metropolitano
member of sports team	Jason Plumhoff (born August 9, 1991) is an American/German soccer player who currently plays for Harrisburg City Islanders in the United Soccer League.	Jason Plumhoff	Harrisburg City Islanders
member of sports team	Yamen Ben Zekry (Arabic: يامن بن ذكري‎; born October 6, 1979 in Tunis) is a Tunisian footballer who play for Al-Salmiya SC in Kuwait.	Yamen Ben Zekry	Al-Salmiya SC
member of sports team	Hussam Ibrahim Ali Al-Sarray (Arabic: حسام ابراهيم علي السراي‎, born May 10, 1987 in Basra, Iraq), is an Iraqi footballer who plays as a striker for Al Masafi in Iraqi Premier League.	Hussam Ibrahim	Al Masafi
member of sports team	Dragan Bočeski (Macedonian: Драган Бочески; born 24 November 1963) is a former Macedonian football player and a current football coach who was recently coached FK Pelister.	Dragan Bočeski	FK Pelister
member of sports team	John Helton (born 23 May 1947) is a former defensive tackle for the Calgary Stampeders from 1969--1978 and the Winnipeg Blue Bombers from 1979-1982 of the Canadian Football League.	John Helton	Winnipeg Blue Bombers
member of sports team	Kénold Versailles (born March 24, 1984 in Carrefour) is a Haitian footballer who, from 2011--2012, played for Rochester Rhinos in the USL Professional Division.	Kénold Versailles	Rochester Rhinos
member of sports team	John Keefe Cato (born August 4, 1957 in Yonkers, New York) is a former relief pitcher who played for the Cincinnati Reds in 1983 and 1984.	Keefe Cato	Cincinnati Reds
member of sports team	Warner Hahn (born 15 June 1992 in Rotterdam) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Feyenoord in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Warner Hahn	Feyenoord
member of sports team	Kouider Boukessassa (born May 30, 1974 in Oran, Algeria) is an Algerian football player who is currently playing as a forward for MC Oran in the Algerian Championnat National.	Kouider Boukessassa	MC Oran
member of sports team	Kim Jae-woong (Korean: 김재웅; born 1 January 1988) is a South Korean football Forward, who plays for Suwon FC in South Korea's second-tier football league, the K League Challenge.	Kim Jae-woong	Suwon FC
member of sports team	Grant Gillis (January 24, 1901 -- February 4, 1981) was a utility infielder in Major League Baseball who played from 1927 through 1929 for the Washington Senators (1927--28) and Boston Red Sox (1929).	Grant Gillis	Boston Red Sox
member of sports team	László Rezes (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈlaːsloː ˈrɛzɛʃ); born 12 August 1987 in Debrecen) is a Hungarian football (midfielder) player who currently plays for Debreceni VSC.	László Rezes	Debreceni VSC
member of sports team	Diego Walsh (born 8 December 1979 in Santos) is a Brazilian footballer who last played for TOT S.C. in the Thai Premier League.	Diego Walsh	TOT S.C.
member of sports team	Clarissa Davis was selected by the Phoenix Mercury in the second round (22nd pick overall) of the 1999 WNBA Draft.	Clarissa Davis	Phoenix Mercury
member of sports team	Christophe Lauwers (born 17 September 1972) is a Belgian footballer who, as of 2006 was playing for K.V. Oostende.	Christophe Lauwers	K.V. Oostende
member of sports team	Tomáš Holý (born 10 December 1991) is a professional Czech football goalkeeper currently playing for FC Fastav Zlín on loan from AC Sparta Prague.	Tomáš Holý	FC Fastav Zlín
member of sports team	Noah Delgado (born December 30, 1979 in Fremont, California) is an American-born Puerto Rican footballer currently playing for the Puerto Rico Islanders of the North American Soccer League.	Noah Delgado	Puerto Rico Islanders
member of sports team	Corwin Brown (born April 25, 1970) is an American football coach who was most recently the defensive backs coach for the New England Patriots of the National Football League.	Corwin Brown	New England Patriots
member of sports team	Filip Jagiełło (born 8 August 1997 in Lubin) is a Polish football player who plays as a midfielder in Zagłębie Lubin.	Filip Jagiełło	Zagłębie Lubin
member of sports team	Georgi Belousov (born December 26, 1990) is a Russian professional ice hockey player currently with HC Lada Togliatti in the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Georgi Belousov	HC Lada Togliatti
member of sports team	Zbyněk Michálek (Czech pronunciation: (ˈzbɪɲɛk ˈmɪxaːlɛk), born December 23, 1982) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the Arizona Coyotes of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Zbyněk Michálek	Arizona Coyotes
member of sports team	Marko Vukasović (born 10 September 1990 in Cetinje, Montenegro, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Montenegrin footballer, who was playing for Kecskeméti TE, FK Veternik and FK Proleter.	Marko Vukasović	Kecskeméti TE	FK Veternik
member of sports team	Andrew Vlahos began his senior career at Heidelberg United FC in the National Soccer League from 1994-1996.	Andrew Vlahos	Heidelberg United FC
member of sports team	Ingo Klemen (born 29 July 1986) is an Austrian professional footballer who currently plays as an attacker for SV Mattersburg in the Austrian Football First League.	Ingo Klemen	SV Mattersburg
member of sports team	Isaac Sackey (born 4 April 1994 in Berekum), is a Ghanaian football midfielder, who plays for Gambrinus Liga club FC Slovan Liberec in the Czech Republic.	Isaac Sackey	FC Slovan Liberec
member of sports team	Yelena Leuchanka (Belarusian: Алена Сцяпанаўна Леўчанка; born 30 April 1983) is a Belarusian professional women's basketball player who was most recently a member of the Atlanta Dream of the WNBA in the United States and UMMC Ekaterinburg in the Russian Superleague.	Yelena Leuchanka	Atlanta Dream	UMMC Ekaterinburg
member of sports team	Igor Mihajlovski (Macedonian: Игор Михајловски; born December 24, 1973 in Kumanovo) is a Macedonian former professional basketball player and former coach of KK Kumanovo.	Igor Mihajlovski	KK Kumanovo
member of sports team	Mattia Bodano (born August 11, 1990) is an Italian midfielder, currently on the books of Progetto Calcio Sant'Elia, co-ownership with Cagliari.	Mattia Bodano	Progetto Calcio Sant'Elia
member of sports team	Ablade Kumah played most of his club football in Ghana with Accra Hearts of Oak SC between 1987 and 1993.	Ablade Kumah	Accra Hearts of Oak SC
member of sports team	David Bellion (born 27 November 1982) is a French footballer who currently plays as a forward for Red Star F.C..	David Bellion	Red Star F.C.
member of sports team	Brian Kamler (born February 12, 1972 in St. Louis, Missouri) is a retired American soccer midfielder, who played two seasons in the USISL, winning the 1995 U.S. Open Cup and league titles with the Richmond Kickers, and ten seasons in Major League Soccer.	Brian Kamler	Richmond Kickers
member of sports team	Bernard Foley (born 8 September 1989) is an Australian rugby player with the New South Wales Waratahs in Super Rugby.	Bernard Foley	New South Wales Waratahs
member of sports team	Dallas Hood ( 11 December 1977 ) is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s, playing at club level for Sydney Roosters, and Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, as a Prop.	Dallas Hood	Wakefield Trinity Wildcats
member of sports team	David Akinluyi (born 10 February 1984, in Ilesa, Nigeria) is a rugby union footballer who played on the wing for the Northampton Saints.	David Akinluyi	Northampton Saints
member of sports team	Gabriel Hoyos (born 3 March 1989) is a Colombian-American international footballer who plays for Miami Dade FC, as a midfielder.	Gabriel Hoyos	Miami Dade FC
member of sports team	Herbert Dörner (14 July 1930 - 26 March 1991) was a German international footballer who played for Preußen Dellbrück, 1. FC Köln and Bonner SC.	Herbert Dörner	1. FC Köln
member of sports team	Diego Pelicles da Silva (23 October 1982) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Gwangju FC in K League Challenge as a forward.	Diego Pelicles da Silva	Gwangju FC
member of sports team	Martin Staško (born 21 August 1983) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for club MŠK Tesla Stropkov.	Martin Staško	MŠK Tesla Stropkov
member of sports team	Isaac Success Ajayi (born 7 January 1996) is a Nigerian professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Granada CF as a forward.	Isaac Success	Granada CF
member of sports team	Sander Skogli (born 4 May 1993 in Sarpsborg, Norway) is a Norwegian ice hockey goaltender who plays for Sparta Warriors.	Sander Skogli	Sparta Warriors
member of sports team	Kalle Eerola (born 1 November 1983) is a Finnish professional football midfielder who currently plays for the Veikkausliiga side FC Lahti in Finland.	Kalle Eerola	FC Lahti
member of sports team	Marko Vujin (Serbian Cyrillic: Марко Вујин, born 7 December 1984) is a Serbian handball player who plays for German club THW Kiel and for the Serbian national team.	Marko Vujin	THW Kiel
member of sports team	Oleksandr Savanchuk (Ukrainian: Олександр Володимирович Саванчук, born 9 October 1982 in Horlivka, in the Donetsk Oblast in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian football striker who plays for FC Naftovyk-Ukrnafta Okhtyrka in the Ukrainian First League.	Oleksandr Savanchuk	FC Naftovyk-Ukrnafta Okhtyrka
member of sports team	Dylan Mika (born 17 April 1972 in Auckland) is a former rugby union player who represented both Samoa national rugby union team and New Zealand.	Dylan Mika	Samoa national rugby union team
member of sports team	Nemanja Kartal (born 17 July 1994 in Pljevlja) is a Montenegrin professional footballer who plays for FK Slavija Sarajevo in Bosnia and Herzegovina as a central defender.	Nemanja Kartal	FK Slavija
member of sports team	Westley Laboucherie (born 6 October 1978) is a Mauritian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Savanne SC.	Westley Laboucherie	Savanne SC
member of sports team	Ivan Tsyupa (Ukrainian: Іван Іванович Цюпа; born 25 June 1993 in Yelyzavetivka, Donetsk Oblast, Ukraine), is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Illichivets Mariupol.	Ivan Tsyupa	FC Illichivets Mariupol
member of sports team	Erika Tymrak (born August 7, 1991) is an American professional soccer midfielder who plays for FC Kansas City in the National Women's Soccer League (NWSL).	Erika Tymrak	FC Kansas City
member of sports team	Brodie Grundy (born 15 April 1994) is a professional Australian rules football player with the Collingwood Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Brodie Grundy	Collingwood Football Club
member of sports team	David Gosselin (born June 22, 1977 in Lévis, Quebec) is a Canadian ice hockey left winger who played 13 games in the National Hockey League for the Nashville Predators.	David Gosselin	Nashville Predators
member of sports team	Bjørn Petter Ingebretsen (born 26 May 1967) is a Norwegian football coach who manages Tippeligaen club Strømsgodset Toppfotball.	Bjørn Petter Ingebretsen	Strømsgodset Toppfotball
member of sports team	Juninho Petrolina began his professional career in 1995 with Sport Club do Recife and played for a number of clubs in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A, including Atlético Mineiro, Vitória, Santa Cruz and Náutico.	Juninho Petrolina	Sport Club do Recife
member of sports team	Bleddyn Bowen played club rugby for South Wales Police and Swansea RFC.	Bleddyn Bowen	Swansea RFC
member of sports team	Ruben Smith (born April 15, 1987) is a Norwegian professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing for Stavanger Oilers in Norway's GET-ligaen.	Ruben Smith	Stavanger Oilers
member of sports team	Manuel López Escámez (born 25 November 1985), commonly known as Manolo, is a Spanish footballer who plays for UCAM Murcia CF as a central midfielder.	Manuel López Escámez	UCAM Murcia CF
member of sports team	Uwe Leifeld (born 24 July 1966 in Münster) is a retired German football forward, who works as a scout with VfL Bochum as of 2009.	Uwe Leifeld	VfL Bochum
member of sports team	Zoltán Szatmári (born 2 May 1979 in Budapest) is a Hungarian football player who last played for Vasas SC.	Zoltán Szatmári	Vasas SC
member of sports team	Christian Günter (born 28 February 1993) is a German footballer who plays as a left back for SC Freiburg.	Christian Günter	SC Freiburg
member of sports team	Tang Tian initially started his career with second tier football club Changchun Yatai F.C., but by the 2000 Chinese league season he could not establish himself within the team and would leave the club.	Tang Tian	Changchun Yatai F.C.
member of sports team	Ernest Winter (birth registered January→March 1910 (age 105--106)) birth registered in Pontefract district, is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1930s, playing at representative level for England, and at club level for Featherstone Rovers, and Hunslet, as a centre, i.e. number 2 or 4.	Ernest Winter	Featherstone Rovers
member of sports team	Ogün Altıparmak (born November 10, 1938 in Adapazarı, Sakarya) is a former Turkish national football player who played for Fenerbahçe S.K..	Ogün Altıparmak	Fenerbahçe S.K.
member of sports team	Amro Tarek Abdel-Aziz (Arabic: عمرو طارق‎; born 17 May 1992) is an Egyptian professional footballer who plays for American club Columbus Crew SC on loan from Spanish club Real Betis.	Amro Tarek	Columbus Crew SC
member of sports team	Yanick Brecher (born 25 May 1993) is a Swiss professional footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for FC Zürich.	Yanick Brecher	FC Zürich
member of sports team	Roy Gerela (born April 2, 1948, Sarrail, Alberta) is a former American football placekicker best known for his years with the Pittsburgh Steelers, with whom he won three Super Bowl rings.	Roy Gerela	Pittsburgh Steelers
member of sports team	Igor Kozoš (Serbian Cyrillic: Игор Козош; born 4 August 1974) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays mainly as right defender for FK Bačka 1901.	Igor Kozoš	FK Bačka 1901
member of sports team	Aleš Kokot (born 23 October 1979) is a Slovenian football player, who plays for Kecskeméti TE.	Aleš Kokot	Kecskeméti TE
member of sports team	Vedran Turkalj (born 11 May 1988) is a Croatian football defender, who plays for NK Solin in Druga HNL.	Vedran Turkalj	NK Solin
member of sports team	Bohdan Semenets (Ukrainian: Богдан Іванович Семенець; born 27 November 1990, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football forward who currently plays for FC Ternopil in the Ukrainian First League.	Bohdan Semenets	FC Ternopil
member of sports team	Ignat Damyanov (Bulgarian: Игнат Дамянов; born 13 July 1987) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Akademik Svishtov.	Ignat Damyanov	Akademik Svishtov
member of sports team	Matej Rakovan (born 14 March 1990) is a Slovak football goalkeeper who currently plays for the Gambrinus Liga club SK Slavia Prague.	Matej Rakovan	SK Slavia Prague
member of sports team	Michael Oenning (born 27 September 1965) is a German football coach and former player who currently manages Vasas SC, formerly managing Hamburger SV and 1.	Michael Oenning	Vasas SC
member of sports team	Alsatian Émile Rummelhardt played as defender/midfielder for Troyes, FC Mulhouse and Girondins de Bordeaux.	Émile Rummelhardt	FC Mulhouse
member of sports team	MacArthur Lane (born March 16, 1942) is a former professional football player, a running back in the National Football League for eleven seasons, from 1968 to 1978 for the St. Louis Cardinals, Green Bay Packers, and Kansas City Chiefs.	MacArthur Lane	Green Bay Packers	Kansas City Chiefs
member of sports team	Jakub Hromada (born 25 May 1996) is a Slovak professional footballer who plays for FK Senica as a midfielder, on loan from U.C. Sampdoria.	Jakub Hromada	FK Senica
member of sports team	Rob Worrincy (born 9 January 1985 in Leeds) is an Anglo-Nigerian-Welsh rugby league player for Sheffield Eagles in the Co-operative Championship, he previously played for Halifax.	Rob Worrincy	Sheffield Eagles
member of sports team	Mieczysław Sikora (born February 6, 1982 in Wisła) is a Polish football player currently playing for Elana Toruń.	Mieczysław Sikora	Elana Toruń
member of sports team	The New York Liberty selected Nicole Powell with the first pick in the ensuing dispersal draft.	Nicole Powell	New York Liberty
member of sports team	Fraser Gehrig (born 3 March 1976) is a retired Australian rules footballer in the Australian Football League (AFL) who played for the St Kilda Football Club and the West Coast Eagles.	Fraser Gehrig	St Kilda Football Club
member of sports team	Boris Smiljanić (born 28 September 1976 in Zürich) is a former Swiss football player of Croatian and Serbian descent who played in defence for Grasshopper and FC Basel.	Boris Smiljanić	FC Basel
member of sports team	Duke Hashimoto (born December 15, 1984 in Kapolei, Hawaii) is an American soccer forward with the Atlanta Silverbacks of the USL First Division.	Duke Hashimoto	Atlanta Silverbacks
member of sports team	Mariusz Mężyk (born September 2, 1983 in Nowy Sącz) is a Polish striker who plays for Limanovia Limanowa on loan from Kolejarz Stróże.	Mariusz Mężyk	Kolejarz Stróże
member of sports team	Tomi Wilenius (born January 15, 1993) is a Finnish professional ice hockey player currently on playing with Hokki of the Finnish Mestis.	Tomi Wilenius	Hokki
member of sports team	Hans Pauli Samuelsen (born 18 October 1984) is a Faroese professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for B36 Tórshavn and Faroe Islands national team.	Hans Pauli Samuelsen	B36 Tórshavn
member of sports team	Julie Tavlo Petersson (born 20 January 1989) is a Danish football midfielder who plays for Brøndby IF of Denmark's Elitedivisionen.	Julie Tavlo Petersson	Brøndby IF
member of sports team	Ivan Ćurić (born 18 May 1987 in Split) is a Croatian football forward who currently plays for NK Solin in the Treća HNL.	Ivan Ćurić	NK Solin
member of sports team	Vítor Bruno Rodrigues Gonçalves (born 29 March 1992 in São Bartolomeu de Messines, Silves, Algarve) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Gil Vicente F.C. as a midfielder.	Vítor Bruno Rodrigues Gonçalves	Gil Vicente F.C.
member of sports team	Tom Beynon (born c. 1941) was a Canadian football player who played for the Saskatchewan Roughriders and Ottawa Rough Riders.	Tom Beynon	Ottawa Rough Riders
member of sports team	Lukáš Fialka (born 19 September 1995) is a professional Czech footballer who currently plays for SK Slavia Prague.	Lukáš Fialka	SK Slavia Prague
member of sports team	Robert Krabbendam (born July 11, 1986) is a Dutch basketball player for Rotterdam Basketbal College.	Robert Krabbendam	Rotterdam Basketbal
member of sports team	Ray Jencke, (born 25 March 1966) is a former Australian Rules footballer who played for Hawthorn Football Club.	Ray Jencke	Hawthorn Football Club
member of sports team	Damien Markman (born 7 January 1978) is an English former professional footballer who played in The Football League for Wycombe Wanderers.	Damien Markman	Wycombe Wanderers
member of sports team	Edy Cabrera (born August 14, 1977) is a Guatemalan football defender who currently plays for Deportivo Malacateco in Guatemala's top division.	Edy Cabrera	Deportivo Malacateco
member of sports team	Emin Aladağ (born February 25, 1983 in Lüleburgaz) is a Turkish footballer who plays for Adana Demirspor as a midfielder.	Emin Aladağ	Adana Demirspor
member of sports team	Nicolaj Ritter (born 8 May 1992) is a Danish footballer, who plays as a left back for Silkeborg IF.	Nicolaj Ritter	Silkeborg IF
member of sports team	Brian Heron (born 19 June 1948) is a Scottish former footballer, who played in the Scottish Football League for Rangers, Motherwell and Dumbarton, and in the Football League for Oxford United and Scunthorpe United.	Brian Heron	Rangers
member of sports team	Vince Petrasso (born April 11, 1987 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian soccer player, played for Harrisburg City Islanders in the USL Second Division.	Vince Petrasso	Harrisburg City Islanders
member of sports team	Jim Morrissey (born December 24, 1962) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for nine seasons for the Chicago Bears and one with the Green Bay Packers.	Jim Morrissey	Chicago Bears	Green Bay Packers
member of sports team	Idriz Batha (born 28 March 1992 in Gjirokastër) is an Albanian professional footballer who currently plays for Partizani Tirana in the Albanian Superliga.	Idriz Batha	Partizani Tirana
member of sports team	Camilla Herrem (born 8 October 1986) is a Norwegian handball player who plays as a left wing for the Norwegian national team and for Danish club Team Tvis Holstebro.	Camilla Herrem	Team Tvis Holstebro
member of sports team	Oleh Shandruk (Ukrainian: Олег Шандрук, born 30 January 1983, Smyha, Rivne Oblast, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian football Defender who plays for FC Volyn Lutsk in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Oleh Shandruk	FC Volyn Lutsk
member of sports team	Emir Sulejmanović (born July 13, 1995) is a Bosnian professional basketball player for FC Barcelona B of the LEB Oro.	Emir Sulejmanović	FC Barcelona
member of sports team	Ryan Savoia (born May 6, 1973) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey centre who played three games with the Pittsburgh Penguins of the National Hockey League during the 1998--99 NHL season.	Ryan Savoia	Pittsburgh Penguins
member of sports team	Piotr Kieruzel (born November 12, 1988 in Kołobrzeg) is a Polish professional footballer who plays for Chojniczanka Chojnice as a defender.	Piotr Kieruzel	Chojniczanka Chojnice
member of sports team	Richard Bucher (September 27, 1955 -- September 7, 2012) was an ice hockey goaltender who played for HC Davos in the Swiss National League A. He also represented the Switzerland men's national ice hockey team in the 1985 and 1987 World Championships as well as the 1988 Winter Olympics.	Richard Bucher	HC Davos
member of sports team	Niki De Cock is a Belgian football midfielder currently playing for Lierse SK in the Belgian First Division.	Niki De Cock	Lierse SK
member of sports team	Peter Luzak ``Louie'' is a retired American soccer defender who spent six seasons with the Richmond Kickers in the USL A-League.	Peter Luzak	Richmond Kickers
member of sports team	Jozabed Sánchez Ruiz (born 8 March 1991), known simply as Jozabed (Spanish pronunciation: (xoθa'βeð)), is a Spanish footballer who plays for Rayo Vallecano as a central midfielder.	Jozabed	Rayo Vallecano
member of sports team	Sergio Blázquez Sánchez (born 30 July 1990), commonly known as Tekio, is a Spanish footballer who plays for UCAM Murcia CF as a right back.	Tekio	UCAM Murcia CF
member of sports team	Sam Gerber (born 5 February 1981 in Uitenhage) is a South African rugby union winger, currently playing for the Top 14 club Aviron Bayonnais, having previously only played for the Pumas, with whom he participated in the Currie Cup in 2005 and 2006.	Sam Gerber	Aviron Bayonnais	Pumas
member of sports team	Mikhail Grigoryev (Russian: Михаил Петрович Григорьев; born February 1, 1991) is a Russian ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for the Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Mikhail Grigoryev	Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod
member of sports team	Clayton de Sousa Moreira (born 24 February 1988) is a Luxembourgian footballer who plays as a defender for Jeunesse Esch in the Luxembourg National Division, and the Luxembourg national football team.	Clayton de Sousa Moreira	Jeunesse Esch
member of sports team	Roel Wiersma (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈrul ˈʋirsmaː), 15 April 1932 -- 4 February 1995) was a Dutch footballer, who most notably played for PSV Eindhoven and the Netherlands national team.	Roel Wiersma	PSV Eindhoven
member of sports team	Ennis Haywood (December 5, 1979 -- May 11, 2003) is a former American football running back in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys.	Ennis Haywood	Dallas Cowboys
member of sports team	Larry Tieu (born July 13, 1986) is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Saigon Heat of the ASEAN Basketball League (ABL).	Larry Tieu	Saigon Heat
member of sports team	Nick Kuiper (born February 12, 1982) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for Friesland Flyers of the Netherlands' Eredivisie.	Nick Kuiper	Friesland Flyers
member of sports team	Joseph Regis Jocelyn Thibault (Tee-BOW) (born January 12, 1975) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played 14 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Quebec Nordiques, Colorado Avalanche, Montreal Canadiens, Chicago Blackhawks, Pittsburgh Penguins and Buffalo Sabres.	Jocelyn Thibault	Quebec Nordiques	Colorado Avalanche	Montreal Canadiens	Chicago Blackhawks	Pittsburgh Penguins	Buffalo Sabres
member of sports team	Ihor Duts (Ukrainian: Ігор Андрійович Дуць; born 11 April 1994 in Nyzhankovychi, Staryi Sambir Raion, Lviv Oblast, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian football defender who plays on loan for FC Illichivets Mariupol in the Ukrainian First League.	Ihor Duts	FC Illichivets Mariupol
member of sports team	Jordan Gavin (born 22 September 1982) is an Australian ice hockey and inline hockey player who plays for the CBR Brave in the Australian Ice Hockey League.	Jordan Gavin	CBR Brave
member of sports team	Abel Lizotte (April 13, 1870 in Lewiston, Maine -- December 4, 1926 in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania) was a Major League Baseball first baseman who played for the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1896.	Abel Lizotte	Pittsburgh Pirates
member of sports team	John Oscar Dickshot commonly known as ``Ugly'' Johnny Dickshot (born John Oscar Dicksus, January 24, 1910 -- November 4, 1997) was a Major League Baseball outfielder for the Pittsburgh Pirates from 1936 to 1938, the New York Giants in 1939, and the Chicago White Sox from 1944 to 1945.	Johnny Dickshot	Pittsburgh Pirates	Chicago White Sox
member of sports team	Joanna Lohman (born June 26, 1982) is an American professional soccer midfielder/defender who plays for the Washington Spirit of the American National Women's Soccer League.	Joanna Lohman	Washington Spirit
member of sports team	Stanley Duyzer (16 February 1935 -- 18 February 2015) was a Surinamese football manager and player who played the majority of his career as a midfielder in the Hoofdklasse for S.V. Robinhood.	Stanley Duyzer	S.V. Robinhood
member of sports team	Jakub Cieciura (born February 3, 1983 in Lipsko) is a Polish professional football player who currently plays for Radomiak Radom.	Jakub Cieciura	Radomiak Radom
member of sports team	Vladimir Tufegdžić (Serbian Cyrillic: Владимир Туфегџић; born 12 June 1991 in Kraljevo) is a Serbian football forward who plays for FK Zemun.	Vladimir Tufegdžić	FK Zemun
member of sports team	Kemar Headley (born 14 December 1993) is a Barbadian footballer who currently plays for the Weymouth Wales as a forward.	Kemar Headley	Weymouth Wales
member of sports team	Rasheed Olabiyi (born 8 August 1990 in Ibadan) is an association football midfielder who currently plays for the Houston Dynamo.	Rasheed Olabiyi	Houston Dynamo
member of sports team	Matt Whitley (born 20 January 1996) is a rugby league footballer who plays for Widnes Vikings in the European Super League.	Matt Whitley	Widnes Vikings
member of sports team	Dean Whare (pronounced Far-reh - rolled R) (born 22 January 1990) is a New Zealand rugby league player who currently plays for the Penrith Panthers in the National Rugby League.	Dean Whare	Penrith Panthers
member of sports team	Hege Hansen (born 24 October 1990) is a Norwegian footballer who plays for Klepp IL in the Norwegian Toppserien and for Norway.	Hege Hansen	Klepp IL
member of sports team	Graeme Walton (born 14 June 1981 in Belfast, Northern Ireland) is a retired British professional ice hockey defenceman who last played for the Belfast Giants of the Elite Ice Hockey League.	Graeme Walton	Belfast Giants
member of sports team	Following his retirement from playing Rob Howley coached Cardiff RFC/Blues, and is now the attack coach for the Wales national team.	Rob Howley	Cardiff RFC
member of sports team	Pascal Millien (born 3 May 1986 in Léogâne) is a Haitian professional footballer who currently plays for Jacksonville Armada FC of the North American Soccer League.	Pascal Millien	Jacksonville Armada FC
member of sports team	Bruce Doull (born 11 September 1950 in Geelong, Victoria) is a former Australian rules football player who played for the Carlton Football Club.	Bruce Doull	Carlton Football Club
member of sports team	Gonzalo Javier Rodríguez Prado (American Spanish: (ɡonˈsalo roˈðɾiɣes); born 10 April 1984), sometimes known as simply Gonzalo, is an Argentine professional footballer who plays for Italian club ACF Fiorentina as a central defender.	Gonzalo Javier Rodríguez	ACF Fiorentina
member of sports team	Martin Andersen (born 7 November 1986) is a Danish professional football (soccer) midfielder, who currently plays for the FC Roskilde.	Martin Andersen	FC Roskilde
member of sports team	Jacques Lamoureux (born June 14, 1986) is an American professional ice hockey player who previously played for the Alaska Aces in the ECHL.	Jacques Lamoureux	Alaska Aces
member of sports team	Kieran Allen ( 21 November 1975 ) is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s, playing at club level for Wakefield Trinity (Heritage #1039), and Hunslet Hawks, as a Fullback, or Stand-off/Five-eighth.	Kieran Allen	Hunslet Hawks
member of sports team	Birger Rosengren (29 October 1917 -- 15 October 1977) was a former international Swedish footballer who played for IFK Norrköping as a midfielder.	Birger Rosengren	IFK Norrköping
member of sports team	Ben Sinclair is an Australian rules footballer playing in the Australian Football League (AFL) for the Collingwood Football Club.	Ben Sinclair	Collingwood Football Club
member of sports team	Ian Fuller (born August 31, 1979) is a former American soccer player who currently serves as an assistant coach for Minnesota United FC.	Ian Fuller	Minnesota United FC
member of sports team	Sidney Thornton (born September 2, 1954 in New Orleans, Louisiana, USA) is a former American professional football player who was selected by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the 2nd round (48th overall) of the 1977 NFL Draft.	Sidney Thornton	Pittsburgh Steelers
member of sports team	Oscar Moens (born 1 April 1973 in 's-Gravenzande) is a former Dutch footballer who currently holds a commercial position at Sparta Rotterdam.	Oscar Moens	Sparta Rotterdam
member of sports team	Peter Kennaugh MBE (born 15 June 1989) is a Manx professional racing cyclist who currently rides for UCI ProTour team Team Sky.	Peter Kennaugh	Sky
member of sports team	Víctor Sánchez del Amo (born 23 February 1976), known simply as Víctor, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a right midfielder, and the current coach of Deportivo de La Coruña.	Víctor Sánchez	Deportivo de La Coruña
military branch	Rear-Admiral George Countess (died 1811) was an officer of the British Royal Navy who saw extensive service in the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars.	George Countess	Royal Navy
military branch	Admiral of the Fleet Sir Houston Stewart, GCB (3 August 1791 -- 10 December 1875) was a Royal Navy officer and briefly a Liberal Party Member of Parliament.	Houston Stewart	Royal Navy
military branch	Alfred Zerbel (8 September 1904 -- 15 December 1987) was a German general who served as a staff officer in the Wehrmacht during World War II, and as the second Inspector of the Army in the German Army of the Bundeswehr.	Alfred Zerbel	German Army
military branch	Sir Francis Samuel Drake, 1st Baronet (1729 -- 19 October 1789) was an officer of the Royal Navy.	Sir Francis Samuel Drake, 1st Baronet	Royal Navy
military branch	Rear Admiral Terence E. McKnight, United States Navy, is a former American naval officer who commanded a multi-national naval force tasked to confront piracy activities off the coast of Somalia.	Terence E. McKnight	United States Navy
military branch	The 133rd (Highland) Regiment of Foot (Inverness Volunteers) was a Scottish infantry regiment in the British Army, created in 1794 and disbanded in 1795.	133rd (Highland) Regiment of Foot	British Army
military branch	Captain Gordon Waite Underwood (June 3, 1910 -- January 15, 1978) was a United States Navy Captain who was awarded the Navy Cross for his achievements during World War II. He is the namesake of the ship USS Underwood (FFG-36).	Gordon Waite Underwood	United States Navy
military branch	Mervin Vavasour (1821 - 27 March 1866) was a member of the Royal Engineers, one of the corps of the British Army.	Mervin Vavasour	British Army
military branch	The Saint Patrick's Battalion (Spanish: Batallón de San Patricio), formed and led by John Riley, was a unit of 175 to several hundred immigrants (accounts vary) and expatriates of European descent who fought as part of the Mexican Army against the United States in the Mexican--	Saint Patrick's Battalion	Mexican Army
military branch	, better known as Ken Mattingly, is a former American naval officer and aviator, flag officer, aeronautical engineer, test pilot, Rear Admiral in the United States Navy and astronaut who flew on the Apollo 16, STS-4 and STS-51-C missions.	Ken Mattingly	United States Navy
military branch	Admiral Sir William Domett, GCB (1752 -- 19 May 1828) was a senior officer of the British Royal Navy who saw extensive service during the American Revolutionary, French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars.	William Domett	Royal Navy
military branch	Sir Edward Buller, 1st Baronet (24 December 1764 -- 15 April 1824) was an officer of the Royal Navy who served during the American War of Independence and the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars.	Sir Edward Buller, 1st Baronet	Royal Navy
military branch	The West Sussex County Division was a formation of the British Army, raised in World War II and formed by the redesignation of Brocforce on 9 November 1940.	West Sussex County Division	British Army
military branch	Adam McCullock (born c.1834) was a Union Navy sailor in the American Civil War and a recipient of the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions at the Battle of Mobile Bay.	Adam McCullock	Union Navy
military branch	Edward Baynes (1768--1829), was an officer in the British Army.	Edward Baynes	British Army
military branch	Günther Lützow (4 September 1912 -- 24 April 1945) was a German Luftwaffe aviator and fighter ace credited with 110 enemy aircraft shot down in over 300 combat missions.	Günther Lützow	Luftwaffe
military branch	Vice Admiral Sir Arthur Mackenzie Power KCB MBE (18 June 1921 -- 17 November 1984) was a Royal Navy officer who became Flag Officer, Plymouth.	Arthur Mackenzie Power	Royal Navy
military branch	The 53d Weather Reconnaissance Squadron (AFRC), also known by its nickname, Hurricane Hunters, is a flying unit of the United States Air Force, and ``the only Department of Defense organization still flying into tropical storms and hurricanes.''	53d Weather Reconnaissance Squadron	United States Air Force
military branch	Lieutenant-General Sir Dudley Russell KBE, CB, DSO, MC (1 December 1896--4 February 1978) was a senior officer of both the British Army and the British Indian Army, and served during World War I and World War II.	Dudley Russell	British Army	British Indian Army
military branch	General Sir George Norton Cory KBE, CB, DSO was a Canadian born and educated soldier who served with the British Army in India, South Africa and Canada and during the Boer War, World War I and World War II.	George Norton Cory	British Army
military branch	18 (UKSF) Signal Regiment is a regiment of the Royal Corps of Signals in the British Army and provides communications and information systems support to the force elements of the United Kingdom Special Forces (UKSF).	18 (UKSF) Signal Regiment	British Army
military branch	Samuel Ogle became a captain of a cavalry regiment in the British Army.	Samuel Ogle	British Army
military branch	Rear Admiral Charles Stillman Sperry (3 September 1847 -- 1 February 1911) was an officer in the United States Navy.	Charles Stillman Sperry	United States Navy
military branch	Otto Diller Schmidt (August 10, 1884 -- February 10, 1963) was a seaman serving in the United States Navy who received the Medal of Honor for bravery.	Otto Diller Schmidt	United States Navy
military branch	Hugh David Black (29 June 1903 -- 28 February 1942) was an officer in the United States Navy during World War II. Black was born in Oradell, New Jersey, on 29 June 1903.	Hugh David Black	United States Navy
military branch	Charles John Forbes (February 10, 1786 -- September 22, 1862) was an official in the British Army and political figure in Canada East.	Charles John Forbes	British Army
military branch	Isaac Foote Dortch (December 12, 1883 -- June 4, 1932) was a captain in the United States Navy who was awarded the Navy Cross for actions during World War I.	Isaac Foote Dortch	United States Navy
military branch	Eugene R. Brady was a United States Marine Corps officer and recipient of the Navy Cross.	Eugene R. Brady	United States Marine Corps
military branch	George L. Jones was a United States Air Force flying ace during the Korean War, shooting down six enemy aircraft, with an additional shared victory credit, for a total of 6.5 victories in the war.	George L. Jones	United States Air Force
military branch	Clarence Stewart Williams (October 7, 1863 -- October 24, 1951) was a four-star admiral in the United States Navy who served as commander in chief of the United States Asiatic Fleet from 1925 to 1927.	Clarence Stewart Williams	United States Navy
military branch	Colonel Charles Fairlie Dobbs CIE CBE DSO (1 July 1872 -- 27 December 1936) was a British Indian Army officer.	Charles Fairlie Dobbs	British Indian Army
military branch	The Royal Warwickshire Regiment, previously titled the 6th Regiment of Foot, was a line infantry regiment of the British Army in continuous existence for 283 years.	Royal Warwickshire Regiment	British Army
military branch	St. Clair Streett (October 6, 1893 -- September 28, 1970), known as ``Bill'', was a United States Air Force (USAF) major general and writer who first organized and led the Strategic Air Command (SAC).	St. Clair Streett	United States Air Force
military branch	General Thomas Patrick Gerrity (December 8, 1913 -- February 24, 1968) was a United States Air Force general and was commander of the Air Force Logistics Command at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio.	Thomas Patrick Gerrity	United States Air Force
military branch	Vice Admiral Rowley Lambert, CB (23 April 1828 -- 22 July 1880) was a senior officer in the Royal Navy.	Rowley Lambert	Royal Navy
military branch	Commander Robert Tatton Bower (9 June 1894 -- 5 July 1975) was a Royal Navy officer and a Conservative Party politician in England.	Robert Tatton Bower	Royal Navy
military branch	The Queen's Division is a British Army command, training and administrative apparatus designated for the regiments from the east and south of England and the remaining regiment of Fusiliers.	Queen's Division	British Army
military branch	In the summer of 1936, Adriano Mantelli was the leading Italian fighter pilot in the Spanish Civil War serving in the Regia Aeronautica.	Adriano Mantelli	Regia Aeronautica
military branch	Edward Albert Gibbs DSO & Three Bars (born 1 April 1903, date of death unknown) was an officer in the Royal Navy who commanded anti-submarine destroyers in the Second World War.	Edward Albert Gibbs	Royal Navy
military branch	Vice Admiral Eli Thomas Reich (March 20, 1913 New York -- November 30, 1999 Arlington, Virginia) was a highly decorated United States Navy officer and World War II submarine commander -- the only one to sink a battleship during the war.	Eli Thomas Reich	United States Navy
military branch	The Liverpool Scottish, known diminutively as ``the Scottish'', is a unit of the British Army, part of the Army Reserve (formerly the Territorial Army), raised in 1900 as an infantry battalion of the King's (Liverpool Regiment).	Liverpool Scottish	British Army
military branch	The 37th (North Hampshire) Regiment of Foot was a line infantry regiment of the British Army, raised in Ireland in February 1702.	37th (North Hampshire) Regiment of Foot	British Army
military branch	Eli Bremer attended and graduated from the United States Air Force Academy; he is currently a Major in the Air Force Reserves.	Eli Bremer	United States Air Force
military branch	Shawna Rochelle Kimbrell is a major in the United States Air Force, and the first female African-American fighter pilot in the history of that service.	Shawna Rochelle Kimbrell	United States Air Force
military branch	Strike Fighter Squadron 146 (VFA-146) also known as the ``Blue Diamonds'' is a United States Navy operational fleet strike fighter squadron based at Naval Air Station Lemoore California.	VFA-146	United States Navy
military branch	Brigadier Colin Frederick Blackden (1897 - November 1986) was an officer in the British Army during World War II. Blackden was acting commander of several brigades of the King's African Rifles during the East African Campaign.	Colin Frederick Blackden	British Army
military branch	The 2nd Composite Mounted Brigade was a formation of the British Army in World War I. It was formed by the 2nd Mounted Division during the Gallipoli Campaign on 4 September 1915 by absorbing the Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire and London Mounted Brigades.	2nd Composite Mounted Brigade	British Army
military branch	William Wallace Burns (September 3, 1825 -- April 19, 1892) was a career American soldier who served in the Union Army during the American Civil War, reaching the rank of brigadier general in the volunteer army.	William Wallace Burns	Union Army
military branch	Denis Edward Arnold MC (16 July 1918 - 14 January 2015) was a British Army officer of the Second World War who won the Military Cross in 1944 for an opportunistic attack on a Japanese force while serving with the Chindits in Burma.	Denis Edward Arnold	British Army
military branch	Rear Admiral Richardson Clover (July 11, 1846 -- October 14, 1919) was an officer of the United States Navy.	Richardson Clover	United States Navy
military branch	Colonel Charles deForest Chandler (December 24, 1878 -- May 18, 1939) was an American military aviator, and the first head of the Aeronautical Division, U.S. Signal Corps that later became the United States Air Force.	Charles deForest Chandler	United States Air Force
military branch	The 166th (South Lancashire) Brigade was an infantry brigade of the British Army that saw active service in the First World War and remained in the United Kingdom throughout the Second World War.	166th (South Lancashire) Brigade	British Army
military branch	Major-General Wilfrid Lewis Lloyd CBE, DSO and Bar, MC (1 March 1896 -- 22 January 1944) was an officer in the British Army and the Indian Army during the First and Second world wars.	Wilfrid Lewis Lloyd	British Army
military branch	John Eglit (born October 17, 1874 - January 31, 1914) was a seaman serving in the United States Navy during the Spanish--	John Eglit	United States Navy
military branch	George Cregan (December 11, 1885 -- June 30, 1969) was a Commander in the United States Navy.	George Cregan	United States Navy
military branch	Luke Lillingstone or Lillingston (1653--1713) was a British Army officer.	Luke Lillingstone	British Army
military branch	Vice Admiral Sir William Johnstone Hope, GCB (16 August 1766 -- 2 May 1831) was a prominent and controversial British Royal Navy officer and politician in late eighteenth and early nineteenth century Britain, whose career experienced fleet actions, disputes with royalty, party politics and entry to both Russian and British orders of chivalry.	William Johnstone Hope	Royal Navy
military branch	Admiral Samuel Murray Robinson (August 13, 1882 - November 11, 1972) was a United States Navy four-star admiral who directed Navy procurement during World War II.	Samuel Murray Robinson	United States Navy
military branch	Gabriel René Paul (March 22, 1813 -- May 5, 1886) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service as a Union Army general in the American Civil War.	Gabriel René Paul	Union Army
military branch	Admiral John Bazely (March 1740 -- 22 April 1809) was an experienced and highly respected officer of the British Royal Navy who served in three wars and saw numerous actions, notably during the American War of Independence.	John Bazely	Royal Navy
military branch	The Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry (DCLI) was a light infantry regiment of the British Army in existence from 1881 to 1959.	Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry	British Army
military branch	The Royal Dragoon Guards (RDG) is a cavalry regiment of the British Army.	Royal Dragoon Guards	British Army
military branch	Commodore Guert Gansevoort (7 June 1812 -- 15 July 1868) was an officer in the United States Navy during the Mexican--	Guert Gansevoort	United States Navy
military branch	The Suffolk Regiment was an infantry regiment of the line in the British Army with a history dating back to 1685.	Suffolk Regiment	British Army
military branch	Sir Frederick John Owen Evans KCB, FRS (9 March 1815 -- 20 December 1885), was an officer of the Royal Navy.	Frederick John Owen Evans	Royal Navy
military branch	Fred Jurgen Schnepel (February 24, 1892 -- February 2, 1948) was a Seaman in the United States Navy and a Medal of Honor recipient for his role in the United States occupation of Veracruz.	Fred Jurgen Schnepel	United States Navy
military branch	Herman Osman Stickney (December 10, 1867 -- September 13, 1936) was a Rear Admiral in the United States Navy who served in various capacities, including as Commander, Pacific Fleet at the end of his military career.	Herman Osman Stickney	United States Navy
military branch	General Sir Roger Neil Wheeler GCB, CBE (born 16 December 1941) is a retired British Army officer who served as Chief of the General Staff from 1997 to 2000.	Roger Neil Wheeler	British Army
military branch	Admiral Sir Robert Harland, 1st Baronet (ca. 1715 -- 21 February 1784) was a Royal Navy officer who became Commander-in-Chief of the East Indies Station.	Sir Robert Harland, 1st Baronet	Royal Navy
military branch	LtCol Sarah Deal Burrow, United States Marine Corps, became the first female Marine selected for Naval aviation training, and subsequently the Marine Corps' first female aviator in 1993.	Sarah Deal	United States Marine Corps
military branch	Charles Carroll Simms (1824--1884) a native of Virginia, became a United States Navy midshipman in 1839.	Charles Carroll Simms	United States Navy
military branch	The 195th (2/1st Scottish Rifles) Brigade was an infantry brigade of the British Army raised during the Great War.	195th (2/1st Scottish Rifles) Brigade	British Army
military branch	The 2nd Battalion, York and Lancaster Regiment was an infantry battalion of the British Army created in 1881 by the redesignation of the 84th (York and Lancaster) Regiment of Foot in 1881.	2nd Battalion, York and Lancaster Regiment	British Army
military branch	Restricted Line Officers in the United States Navy and Navy Reserve are line officers who are not eligible for Command at Sea.	Restricted Line Officer	United States Navy
military branch	Captain Maurice Suckling (4 May 1726 -- July 1778) was a Royal Navy officer who was instrumental in the training of his nephew, Horatio Nelson.	Maurice Suckling	Royal Navy
military branch	Grant R. Mulder was a Major General in the United States Air Force.	Grant R. Mulder	United States Air Force
military branch	Major Cecil Aylmer Cameron, CBE, DSO (17 September 1883--19 August 1924) was a British Army officer and spymaster and also a central figure of a notable fraud trial of 1911.	Cecil Aylmer Cameron	British Army
military branch	Chaplain (Rear Admiral) Mark L. Tidd, CHC, USN, (born May 8, 1955) is a retired American Navy officer who served as the 25th Chief of Chaplains of the United States Navy from 2010 to 2014.	Mark L. Tidd	United States Navy
military branch	Samuel Jaskilka (December 15, 1919 -- January 15, 2012) was a four-star general whose last assignment was Assistant Commandant of the United States Marine Corps (1975--1978).	Samuel Jaskilka	United States Marine Corps
military branch	Efthymios Tsimikalis (Greek: Ευθύμιος Τσιμικάλης, 1879--1943) was a Hellenic Army officer who rose to the rank of Lieutenant General.	Efthymios Tsimikalis	Hellenic Army
military branch	The 99th Regiment of Foot (Jamaica Regiment) was an infantry regiment of the British Army, raised in 1780 by Charles Rainsforth and disbanded in 1783.	99th Regiment of Foot (Jamaica Regiment)	British Army
military branch	Arthur Japy Hepburn (October 15, 1877 -- May 31, 1964) was an admiral in the United States Navy, whose active-duty career included service in the Spanish--	Arthur Japy Hepburn	United States Navy
military branch	The Inns of Court Regiment (ICR) was a British Army regiment which existed under that name between May 1932 and May 1961.	Inns of Court Regiment	British Army
military branch	Hubert Paul Chatelain, born in Mansura, Louisiana, February 11, 1917, enlisted in the United States Navy July 10, 1935.	Hubert Paul Chatelain	United States Navy
military branch	The Cameronians (Scottish Rifles) was a rifle regiment of the British Army, the only regiment of rifles amongst the Scottish regiments of infantry.	Cameronians (Scottish Rifles)	British Army
military branch	Major General Neyko Nenov assumed responsibility as Deputy Chief of Defence of the Republic of Bulgaria on June 30, 2014, after serving as Commander of the Bulgarian Land Forces for two years (2012-2014).	Neyko Nenov	Bulgarian Land Forces
military branch	Mansurul Haq (Urdu: منصور الحق) (born October 1937 in Sialkot) is a former admiral and now-disposed Chief of Naval Staff of Pakistan Navy.	Mansurul Haq	Pakistan Navy
military branch	David Edelsten (13 March 1933 -- 2 February 2012) was an English writer, British Army Brigadier and charity organizer.	David Edelsten	British Army
military branch	Richard Delphy (ca. 1795 -- 14 August 1813) was an officer in the United States Navy during the War of 1812.	Richard Delphy	United States Navy
military branch	Rear Admiral Sir Home Riggs Popham, KCB, KCH (12 October 1762 -- 2 September 1820), was a Royal Navy commander who saw service against the French during the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars.	Home Riggs Popham	Royal Navy
military branch	Commander Field Army is a senior British Army officer who has responsibility for generating and preparing forces for current and contingency operations.	Commander Field Army	British Army
military branch	David S. Bill III is a retired Rear Admiral in the United States Navy.	David S. Bill III	United States Navy
military branch	Sir John Moore, 1st Baronet KB (24 March 1718 -- 2 February 1779) was a British officer of the Royal Navy during the War of the Austrian Succession and the Seven Years' War.	Sir John Moore, 1st Baronet	Royal Navy
military branch	Major-General Charles Christopher Fowkes,CBE DSO, MC (1894--1966) was an officer in the British Army during World War II. His nickname was ``Fluffy.''	Charles Christopher Fowkes	British Army
military branch	Lysander Cutler (February 16, 1807 -- July 30, 1866) was an American businessman, educator, politician, and a Union Army General during the American Civil War.	Lysander Cutler	Union Army
military branch	Alfred Wilkinson Johnson was a career officer of the United States Navy who served in the Spanish--	Alfred Wilkinson Johnson	United States Navy
military branch	Eugene Peyton Deatrick, Jr. (born November 17, 1924) is a retired United States Air Force colonel, test pilot, and combat veteran.	Eugene Peyton Deatrick	United States Air Force
military branch	The 18th (Eastern) Division was an infantry division of the British Army formed in September 1914 during the Great War as part of the K2 Army Group, part of Kitchener's New Armies.	18th (Eastern) Division	British Army
military branch	Field Marshal Sir Samuel Hulse, GCH (27 March 1746 -- 1 January 1837) was a British Army officer.	Samuel Hulse	British Army
military branch	Sir Thomas Smyth, 2nd Baronet (after 1657 -- 20 June 1732) was a soldier of the British Army.	Sir Thomas Smyth, 2nd Baronet	British Army
military branch	The 155th (South Scottish) Brigade was an infantry brigade of the British Army that saw active service in both World War I and World War II. Assigned to the 52nd (Lowland) Division, the brigade saw active service in the Middle East and on the Western Front during the First World War.	155th (South Scottish) Brigade	British Army
military branch	The Norrbotten Armoured Battalion (Swedish: Norrbottens pansarbataljon), designation Pbat/I 19 or P 5, is a Swedish Army armoured battalion, one of the few new formations raised in the 20th century.	Norrbotten Armoured Battalion	Swedish Army
military branch	The 2nd Regiment of Life Guards was a cavalry regiment in the British Army, part of the Household Cavalry.	2nd Regiment of Life Guards	British Army
military branch	Field Marshal Jeffery Amherst, 1st Baron Amherst of Montreal KB (sometimes spelled Geoffrey, or Jeffrey, he himself spelled his name as Jeffery) (29 January 1717 -- 3 August 1797) served as an officer in the British Army and as Commander-in-Chief of the Forces.	Jeffery Amherst, 1st Baron Amherst	British Army
military branch	Sir William Macgregor, 2nd Baronet (1817 -- 29 March 1846) was a British Army officer.	Sir William Macgregor, 2nd Baronet	British Army
military branch	Alastair Heathcote (born 18 August 1977 in Athens, Greece) is a British rower and Captain in the British Army.	Alastair Heathcote	British Army
mother	James Dearden (born 14 September 1949) is an English film director and screenwriter, the son of Scottish actress Melissa Stribling and acclaimed English film maker Basil Dearden.	James Dearden	Melissa Stribling
mouth of the watercourse	The Sihl is a Swiss river that rises near the Druesberg mountain in the canton of Schwyz, and eventually flows into the Limmat in the centre of the city of Zürich.	Sihl	Limmat
named after	The Kell factor, named after RCA engineer Raymond D. Kell, is a parameter used to limit the bandwidth of a sampled image signal to avoid the appearance of beat frequency patterns when displaying the image in a discrete display device, usually taken to be 0.7.	Kell factor	Raymond D. Kell
named after	Hilbert's eighteenth problem is one of the 23 Hilbert problems set out in a celebrated list compiled in 1900 by mathematician David Hilbert.	Hilbert's eighteenth problem	David Hilbert
named after	Founded by Richard Block & David Quayle in 1969, it is now a wholly owned subsidiary of Kingfisher plc. B&Q currently has stores in mainland China, Ireland and Taiwan, as well as the United Kingdom.	B&Q	David Quayle
named after	Kubuntu (/kuː.ˈbuːn.tuː/ koo-BOON-too) is an official flavour of the Ubuntu operating system which uses the KDE Plasma Desktop instead of the Unity graphical environment.	Kubuntu	Ubuntu
named after	In mathematics, Erdős space is a topological space named after Paul Erdős.	Erdős space	Paul Erdős
named after	is called Hurwitz matrix corresponding to the polynomial p. It was established by Adolf Hurwitz in 1895 that a real polynomial is stable (that is, all its roots have strictly negative real part) if and only if all the leading principal minors of the matrix H(p) are positive:	Hurwitz matrix	Adolf Hurwitz
named after	Successful colonization of the site had to wait for Augustus' conquest of the central Alps around 15 BC. The oldest find to date at Augusta Raurica has been dated to 6 BC by dendrochronology.	Augusta Raurica	Augustus
named after	Mayabeque Province is named after the Mayabeque River (the largest in this territory) as well as the south shore of Mayabeque beach, the place believed to be the original location of Havana village (San Cristóbal de La Habana) that was founded in 1514.	Mayabeque Province	Mayabeque River
named after	In the United States the final commercial Morse code transmission was on July 12, 1999, signing off with Samuel Morse's original 1844 message, ``What hath God wrought'', and the prosign ``SK''.	Morse code	Samuel Morse
named after	In mathematics, the Dedekind eta function, named after Richard Dedekind, is a modular form of weight 1/2 and is a function defined on the upper half-plane of complex numbers, where the imaginary part is positive.	Dedekind eta function	Richard Dedekind
named after	Beit Berl was named after Berl Katznelson, the spiritual leader of the Labor movement in Mandate Palestine.	Beit Berl	Berl Katznelson
named after	The Edsger W. Dijkstra Prize in Distributed Computing is given for outstanding papers on the principles of distributed computing, whose significance and impact on the theory and/or practice of distributed computing has been evident for at least a decade.	Dijkstra Prize	Edsger W. Dijkstra
named after	The Sabatier reaction or Sabatier process was discovered by the French chemist Paul Sabatier in the 1910s.	Sabatier reaction	Paul Sabatier
named after	The Lincoln Memorial is an American national monument built to honor the 16th President of the United States, Abraham Lincoln.	Lincoln Memorial	Abraham Lincoln
named after	MCU Park (formerly KeySpan Park) is a minor league baseball stadium in the Coney Island section of Brooklyn, New York City, USA.	MCU Park	KeySpan
named after	The Fröhlich Prize of the London Mathematical Society is awarded in even numbered years in memory of Albrecht Fröhlich.	Fröhlich Prize	Albrecht Fröhlich
named after	Arthurite is named after two people, Arthur William Gerald Kingsbury and Sir Arthur Edward Ian Montagu Russell.	Arthurite	Arthur William Gerald Kingsbury
named after	Shaftesbury Avenue is a major street in the West End of London, named after Anthony Ashley Cooper, 7th Earl of Shaftesbury, that runs in a north-easterly direction from Piccadilly Circus to New Oxford Street, crossing Charing Cross Road at Cambridge Circus.	Shaftesbury Avenue	Anthony Ashley Cooper, 7th Earl of Shaftesbury
named after	Heronian triangles are named after Hero of Alexandria.	Heronian triangle	Hero of Alexandria
named after	Austinite is named in honour of Austin Flint Rogers (1877--1957), American mineralogist from Stanford University, California, USA.	Austinite	Austin Flint Rogers
named after	In statistics, the Bingham distribution, named after Christopher Bingham, is an antipodally symmetric probability distribution on the n-sphere.	Bingham distribution	Christopher Bingham
named after	Antony and the Johnsons is a music group presenting the work of Antony Hegarty and her collaborators.	Antony and the Johnsons	Antony Hegarty
named after	Riel House is a National Historic Site commemorating the life of the Métis politician and activist Louis Riel, and also the daily life of Métis families in the Red River Settlement.	Riel House	Louis Riel
named after	Sylvilagus palustris hefneri (Lazell, 1984), common name Lower Keys marsh rabbit, is an endangered subspecies of marsh rabbit named after Playboy founder Hugh Hefner.	Sylvilagus palustris hefneri	Hugh Hefner
named after	The Rydberg constant, symbol R∞ for heavy atoms or RH for hydrogen, named after the Swedish physicist Johannes Rydberg, is a physical constant relating to atomic spectra, in the science of spectroscopy.	Rydberg constant	Johannes Rydberg
named after	In mathematics, Lindelöf's lemma is a simple but useful lemma in topology on the real line, named for the Finnish mathematician Ernst Leonard Lindelöf.	Lindelöf's lemma	Ernst Leonard Lindelöf
named after	In algebraic geometry, a branch of mathematics, the Lefschetz theorem on (1,1)-classes, named after Solomon Lefschetz, is a classical statement relating holomorphic line bundles on a compact Kähler manifold to classes in its integral cohomology.	Lefschetz theorem on (1,1)-classes	Solomon Lefschetz
named after	Named for writer-artist Harvey Kurtzman (1924--1993), the Harvey Awards were founded by Gary Groth, president of the publisher Fantagraphics, as part of a successor to the Kirby Awards (which were discontinued after 1987).	Harvey Award	Harvey Kurtzman
named after	Carlsberg Foundation (Danish: Carlsbergfondet) was founded by J. C. Jacobsen in 1876 and owns 30.3% of the shares in Carlsberg Group and has 74.2% of the voting power.	Carlsberg Foundation	Carlsberg Group
named after	Alexander Island was discovered on January 28, 1821 by a Russian expedition under Fabian Gottlieb von Bellingshausen, who named it Alexander I Land for the reigning Tsar Alexander I of Russia.	Alexander Island	Alexander I of Russia
named after	Rubin causal model, is an approach to the statistical analysis of cause and effect based on the framework of potential outcomes, named after Donald Rubin.	Rubin causal model	Donald Rubin
named after	The RPK-2 Vyuga (Russian: РПК-2 Вьюга, meaning blizzard), also designated 81R, and identified by NATO as Starfish and the United States Department of Defense as SS-N-15, is a Soviet submarine-launched, nuclear-armed anti-submarine missile system, launched exclusively through 533mm torpedo tubes.	RPK-2 Vyuga	blizzard
named after	In mathematics, a Hodge structure, named after W. V. D. Hodge, is an algebraic structure at the level of linear algebra, similar to the one that Hodge theory gives to the cohomology groups of a smooth and compact Kähler manifold.	Hodge structure	W. V. D. Hodge
named after	The Hannah Arendt Prize for Political Thought (German: Hannah-Arendt-Preis für politisches Denken) is a prize awarded to individuals representing the tradition of political theorist Hannah Arendt, especially in regard to totalitarianism.	Hannah Arendt Prize	Hannah-Arendt
named after	The term ``Oldowan'' is taken from the site of Olduvai Gorge in Tanzania, where the first Oldowan lithics were discovered by the archaeologist Louis Leakey in the 1930s.	Oldowan	Olduvai Gorge
named after	In mathematics, a Plücker formula, named after Julius Plücker, is one of a family of formulae, of a type first developed by Plücker in the 1830s, that relate certain numeric invariants of algebraic curves to corresponding invariants of their dual curves.	Plücker formula	Julius Plücker
named after	The King Willem-Alexander Canal (Dutch: Koning Willem-Alexanderkanaal), named after King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands, is a 6 km long canal in the northeastern Netherlands.	King Willem-Alexander Canal	Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands
named after	USS Narwhal (SSN-671), a unique submarine, was the third ship of the United States Navy to be named for the narwhal, a gray and white arctic whale with a unicorn-like, ivory tusk.	USS Narwhal (SSN-671)	narwhal
named after	St. Maria im Kapitol (St. Mary's in the Capitol) is an 11th-century Romanesque church located in the Kapitol-Viertel in the old town of Cologne, Germany.	St. Maria im Kapitol	Mary
named after	The South Sandwich Trench is a deep arcuate trench in the South Atlantic Ocean lying 100 km to the east of the South Sandwich Islands.	South Sandwich Trench	South Sandwich Islands
named after	In mathematics, Schur polynomials, named after Issai Schur, are certain symmetric polynomials in n variables, indexed by partitions, that generalize the elementary symmetric polynomials and the complete homogeneous symmetric polynomials.	Schur polynomial	Issai Schur
named after	The Royal Shakespeare Theatre (RST) is a 1,040+ seat thrust stage theatre owned by the Royal Shakespeare Company dedicated to the British playwright and poet William Shakespeare.	Royal Shakespeare Theatre	William Shakespeare
named after	The Fresnel number (F), named after the physicist Augustin-Jean Fresnel, is a dimensionless number occurring in optics, in particular in scalar diffraction theory.	Fresnel number	Augustin-Jean Fresnel
named after	The word ``Hipparcos'' is an acronym for High precision parallax collecting satellite and also a reference to the ancient Greek astronomer Hipparchus of Nicaea, who is noted for applications of trigonometry to astronomy and his discovery of the precession of the equinoxes.	Hipparcos	Hipparchus
named after	The City of Sydney is a major supporter of the Sydney Peace Prize.	Sydney Peace Prize	City of Sydney
named after	A Dynkin system, named after Eugene Dynkin, is a collection of subsets of another universal set \Omega satisfying a set of axioms weaker than those of σ-algebra.	Dynkin system	Eugene Dynkin
named after	Nitratine (also nitratite), also known as cubic niter (UK: nitre), soda niter or Chile saltpeter (UK: Chile saltpetre), is a mineral, the naturally occurring form of sodium nitrate, NaNO3.	Nitratine	sodium
named after	In Norse mythology, Hoddmímis holt (Old Norse ``Hoard-Mímir's'' holt) is a location where Líf and Lífþrasir are foretold to survive the long winters of Fimbulvetr.	Hoddmímis holt	Mímir
named after	Zellweger syndrome is named after Hans Zellweger (1909--1990), a Swiss-American pediatrician, a professor of pediatrics and genetics at the University of Iowa who researched this disorder.	Zellweger syndrome	Hans Zellweger
named after	In mathematics an Eberlein compactum, studied by William Frederick Eberlein, is a compact topological space homeomorphic to a subset of a Banach space with the weak topology.	Eberlein compactum	William Frederick Eberlein
named after	In mathematics, Hermite's identity, named after Charles Hermite, gives the value of a summation involving the floor function.	Hermite's identity	Charles Hermite
named after	Fei Ngo Shan Road runs high among hills in New Kowloon like Kowloon Peak, Middle Hill (Cheung Shan), Tung Shan, Cham Tin Shan and Tate's Cairn or Tai Lo Shan.	Fei Ngo Shan Road	Kowloon Peak
named after	The Pollard script, also known as Pollard Miao (Chinese: 柏格理苗文 Bó Gélǐ Miao-wen) or Miao, is an abugida loosely based on the Latin alphabet and invented by Methodist missionary Sam Pollard.	Pollard script	Sam Pollard
named after	Rottenburg Cathedral or St Martin's Cathedral (Dom St. Martin) is a church in Rottenburg am Neckar in Germany, dedicated to Martin of Tours.	Rottenburg Cathedral	Martin of Tours
named after	Hautes-Pyrénées has two small territorial exclaves--a remnant from the Middle Ages--located within the neighboring département of Pyrenees-Atlantiques.	Hautes-Pyrénées	Pyrenees
named after	The Tiananmen Incident took place on April 5, 1976 at Tiananmen Square in Beijing, China.	Tiananmen Incident	Tiananmen Square
occupation	Ratan Lal Basu (Bengali: রতন লাল বসু; born 23 December 1948) is an economist and English fiction author from Kolkata, India.	Ratan Lal Basu	author
occupation	Carolyn George (September 6, 1927 -- February 10, 2009) was an American ballerina, photographer, and dance instructor.	Carolyn George	photographer
occupation	Mary Alice Harriman (March 12, 1861 -- December 24, 1925) was a poet, author (of poetry, novels, short stories and non-fiction) and publisher.	Alice Harriman	poet
occupation	Christopher Oram is a British theatre set and costume designer.	Christopher Oram	costume designer
occupation	May Miles Thomas is a Scottish film director, screenwriter and artist.	May Miles Thomas	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Bob Wooley (born in Eunice, New Mexico) is an American politician and a Republican member of the New Mexico House of Representatives representing District 66 since his January 14, 2011 appointment by Governor of New Mexico Susana Martinez to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Keith Gardner.	Bob Wooley	politician
occupation	Christopher Truswell (b. January 31, 1966 -- Manchester, England), is an English-born Australian actor and voice-over best known as Gerald ``Nudge'' Niritas in the Australian TV sitcom Hey Dad...!	Christopher Truswell	actor
occupation	Keiko Lee (born February 17, 1965) is a Japanese jazz singer with a Korean ethnicity.	Keiko Lee	singer
occupation	Ora Denise Allen (born July 16, 1939), known by the stage name Denise LaSalle, is an American blues and R&B/soul singer, songwriter, and record producer who, since the death of Koko Taylor, has been recognized as the ``Queen of the Blues''.	Denise LaSalle	singer	songwriter
occupation	Augustin Brassard (July 16, 1922 -- December 26, 1971) is a former Canadian politician, lawyer, secretary and teacher.	Augustin Brassard	politician
occupation	Keith Code is a former motorcycle racer, writer, and founder of the California Superbike School.	Keith Code	motorcycle racer
occupation	Shamar Gardner (born March 24, 1979), better known by his stage name Vordul Mega (a.k.a. Vordul Megallah), is an American rapper from New York.	Vordul Mega	rapper
occupation	Armin Kremer (born December 4, 1968) is a German rally driver who is currently competing in the 2013 World Rally Championship season in the WRC-2 class.	Armin Kremer	rally driver
occupation	Stephen Tunney, also known as Dogbowl, is an American artist, musician and novelist.	Dogbowl	musician
occupation	Alexandr Lysenkov (born in Moscow) is a Russian rugby league player currently playing for RC Lokomotiv Moscow in the Championship of Russia competition.	Alexandr Lysenkov	rugby league player
occupation	Gary Armagnac is an American actor active in the 1980s and early 1990s most famous for his role as Lieutenant McNary in Star Trek:	Gary Armagnac	actor
occupation	Eric Thal (born August 10, 1965) is an American film and stage actor, perhaps best known as Ariel in Sidney Lumet's A Stranger Among Us;	Eric Thal	actor
occupation	Robert Ray Hamilton (March 18, 1851 New York City -- August 23, 1890 in the Snake River, Idaho) was an American politician from New York.	Robert Ray Hamilton	politician
occupation	Tamás Vargha (born February 2, 1959) is a Hungarian teacher and politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) for Székesfehérvár (Fejér County Constituency II then I) since 2010.	Tamás Vargha	politician
occupation	Tess Brunet (born September 12, 1978) is an American singer-songwriter, guitarist, drummer, and producer, who has recorded and performed under the band names Au Ras Au Ras, Animal Electric, Generationals, and deadboy & the Elephantmen.	Tess Brunet	singer-songwriter
occupation	Jamyang Jamtsho Wangchuk is a Bhutanese actor and film producer.	Jamyang Jamtsho Wangchuk	actor	film producer
occupation	Sir Charles Dalton (June 9, 1850 -- December 9, 1933) was a Prince Edward Island businessman, politician and philanthropist.	Charles Dalton	politician
occupation	Narcisse Henri Édouard Faucher (April 18, 1844 -- April 1, 1897) was a Canadian author, journalist, army officer, and politician who published books under the name Faucher de Saint-Maurice.	Faucher de Saint-Maurice	politician
occupation	Tom Angleberger is an American children's writer, best known for the Origami Yoda series.	Tom Angleberger	writer
occupation	Jean Golding (born 22 September 1939) is a British epidemiologist, and founder of the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children (ALSPAC) a birth cohort study that produced a highly detailed dataset of the children of the 90s that recorded biological, psychological, social and medical information of this multigenerational group.	Jean Golding	epidemiologist
occupation	Samuel P. Wheeler (1839--1906) was a prominent Illinois lawyer of the nineteenth century.	Samuel P. Wheeler	lawyer
occupation	Andrey Teteryuk - is a Kazakhstani professional road bicycle racer who represented his country at the Olympic games.	Andrey Teteryuk	bicycle racer
occupation	Molissa Fenley is an American choreographer, performer and teacher of contemporary dance.	Molissa Fenley	choreographer
occupation	Patrick Gallois (born 1956) is a French flutist and conductor.	Patrick Gallois	conductor
occupation	Peleg Emory Aldrich (July 24, 1813-March 14, 1895) was a teacher, lawyer, politician and jurist who served as the twelfth mayor of Worcester, Massachusetts and as an Associate Justice of the Massachusetts Superior Court.	Peleg Emory Aldrich	lawyer	politician
occupation	Lawrence Pressman (born July 10, 1939) is an American actor, probably best known for roles on Doogie Howser, M.D., Ladies' Man, a recurring role on Profiler, the titular character on Mulligan's Stew and as a fictional scientist in the 1971 film The Hellstrom Chronicle.	Lawrence Pressman	actor
occupation	Eleftheria Evgenia Efstathiou (Greek: Ελευθερία Ευγενία Ευσταθίου, born July 5, 1989) is a Greek swimmer.	Eleftheria Evgenia Efstathiou	swimmer
occupation	On 24 August 2011, Sizzla was hit by a bus while riding his motorcycle along the Salem main road, near Runaway Bay in St. Ann, Jamaica, leading to many false reports of the singer's death.	Sizzla	singer
occupation	Adam Rex (born May 16, 1973) is an American illustrator and writer of children's books living in Tucson, Arizona.	Adam Rex	writer
occupation	Carl Pelini (born July 15, 1965) is a former head coach for the Florida Atlantic Owls football team.	Carl Pelini	head coach
occupation	Aulis Sallinen (born April 9, 1935) is a Finnish contemporary classical music composer.	Aulis Sallinen	composer
occupation	Ishem Boumaraf is an Algerian singer-songwriter of chaouie music.	Ishem Boumaraf	singer
occupation	Richard Cain (October 4, 1931 -- December 20, 1973), also known as Richard Scalzetti, was a notoriously corrupt Chicago police officer, made man in the Chicago Outfit, and a close associate of Mafia boss Sam Giancana.	Richard Cain	police officer
occupation	Choi Ik-hyun (Hangeul:최익현, Hanja:崔益鉉, Pen name: Myonahm 1833-1906) was a Korean Joseon Dynasty scholar, politician, philosopher, and general of the Korean Righteous Army guerrilla forces.	Choi Ik-hyun	philosopher
occupation	Albert Popov (Bulgarian: Алберт Попов) (born August 8, 1997 in Sofia) is a Bulgarian alpine skier.	Albert Popov	alpine skier
occupation	Christianne Meneses Jacobs (born March 28, 1971) is a Nicaraguan American writer, editor, and teacher.	Christianne Meneses Jacobs	teacher
occupation	Dan Steinberg is an American columnist and blogger for The Washington Post.	Dan Steinberg	columnist
occupation	Kersi Meher-Homji is an Australian journalist, author and biographer.	Kersi Meher-Homji	journalist
occupation	Carlos Acuña (November 4, 1915 -- February 19, 1999) was an Argentine Tango singer and composer.	Carlos Acuña	singer	composer
occupation	Hawksley Workman is a Canadian rock singer-songwriter who has garnered critical acclaim for his blend of cabaret pop and glam rock.	Hawksley Workman	singer-songwriter
occupation	Sergey Ryazansky was launched to the International Space Station on board the Soyuz TMA-10M spacecraft on September 25, 2013 alongside Russian cosmonaut, Oleg Kotov and American astronaut Michael S. Hopkins.	Sergey Ryazansky	astronaut
occupation	Zhang Jie (born December 20, 1982) also known as Jason Zhang is a Chinese pop singer and actor who rose to fame through televised singing competitions.	Jason Zhang	singer
occupation	Brianne Sidonie Desaulniers (born October 1, 1989), known professionally as Brie Larson, is an American actress and singer.	Brie Larson	singer
occupation	Carlos Ponce (born September 4, 1972) is a Puerto Rican actor, singer, composer and television personality.	Carlos Ponce	actor	singer
occupation	Mikołaj Radomski, also called Mikołaj z Radomia and Nicholas of Radom, was an early 15th-century Polish composer.	Mikołaj z Radomia	composer
occupation	Elizabeth ``Lizzy'' McChesney, better known by the stage name Lissy Trullie, is an American singer-songwriter and former model.	Lissy Trullie	model
occupation	Vassilis Angelopoulos (Greek: Βασίλης Αγγελόπουλος; born February 13, 1965) is a Greek American physicist.	Vassilis Angelopoulos	physicist
occupation	Karen Yuzbashyan (Armenian: Կարեն Նիկիտի Յուզբաշյան, Armenian pronunciation: (kaɾen juzbaʃˈjan); Russian: Карен Никитич Юзбашян; January 6, 1927 -- March 5, 2009) was an Armenian historian-orientalist and expert on medieval Byzantine-Armenian relations.	Karen Yuzbashyan	historian
occupation	Buddy Bregman (born July 9, 1930) is an American musical arranger, record producer and composer.	Buddy Bregman	composer
occupation	Gheorghe Nichita (born September 15, 1956) is a Romanian politician, who has served as the mayor of Iaşi since 2003, and suspended (as of May 2015) over allegations of corruption.	Gheorghe Nichita	politician
occupation	Estrella Morente (Estrella de la Aurora Morente Carbonell) is a Spanish flamenco singer.	Estrella Morente	singer
occupation	Keith Gary Sebelius (born November 8, 1949), known professionally as K. Gary Sebelius or Gary Sebelius, is an American magistrate judge and a former federal judicial nominee to the United States District Court for the District of Kansas.	K. Gary Sebelius	judge
occupation	Germano Meneghel (died June 13, 2011) was a Brazilian musician and singer-songwriter.	Germano Meneghel	singer
occupation	Arnie Spanier (born April 3, 1963) is an American radio host.	Arnie Spanier	radio host
occupation	Sean Garrison (born October 19, 1937) is an American former actor of film and television.	Sean Garrison	actor
occupation	Óscar Cristi Gallo (June 29, 1916 -- March 25, 1965) was a Chilean police officer and a successful show jumping rider from the late 1940s until the late 1960s.	Óscar Cristi	police officer
occupation	Naor Zion (born February 10, 1973) is an Israeli comedian, actor, writer and director.	Naor Zion	actor	writer
occupation	Yoshiyahu Yosef Pinto (born September 27, 1973) is an Israeli Orthodox rabbi who leads a global organization called Mosdot Shuva Israel.	Yoshiyahu Yosef Pinto	rabbi
occupation	Victor Assis Brasil (August 28, 1945 -- 1981) was a Brazilian jazz saxophonist.	Victor Assis Brasil	saxophonist
occupation	Sakarin Krue-On (January 7, 1965) is a contemporary Thai visual artist.	Sakarin Krue-On	artist
occupation	Lisa J. White is a teacher and translator of Arabic.	Lisa J. White	translator
occupation	Jesse Powell is a Grammy-nominated American R&B/soul songwriter-singer.	Jesse Powell	singer
occupation	John Alexander Simpson (November 3, 1916 -- August 31, 2000) worked as an experimental nuclear, and cosmic ray physicist who was deeply committed to educating the public and political leaders about science and its implications.	John Alexander Simpson	physicist
occupation	Richard Misrach (born in Los Angeles, California in 1949) is an American photographer ``firmly identified with the introduction of color to 'fine' (art) photography in the 1970s, and with the use of large-format traditional cameras'' (Nancy Princenthal, Art in America).	Richard Misrach	photographer
occupation	Aaron Latham (born October 3, 1943) is an American journalist who wrote the article that inspired the movie Urban Cowboy and co-wrote its script with director James Bridges.	Aaron Latham	journalist
occupation	Leonard Rosenfeld (December 14, 1926 -- December 2, 2009) was an American expressionist artist who was born in Brooklyn, New York.	Leonard Rosenfeld	artist
occupation	Dennis E. Stowell (June 18, 1944 -- April 17, 2011) was an American politician and chemical engineer from Utah.	Dennis E. Stowell	politician	engineer
occupation	Dean Farnham is a former Australian rules footballer, who played for the Central District Football Club in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) and the Fitzroy Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Dean Farnham	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Robert Weiner, Jr. (born February 22, 1982, Newport Beach, California) is an international water polo player from the United States, who played for the University of Southern California from 2000 to 2003, and at Newport Harbor High School from 1996 to 1999.	Robert Weiner, Jr.	water polo player
occupation	Lilian Jeannette Rice (June 12, 1889 -- December 22, 1938) was an eco-conscious, early 20th-century American architect working primarily in the California Spanish colonial style.	Lilian Jeannette Rice	architect
occupation	Darrell M. Smith is an American businessman, producer, and actor.	Darrell M. Smith	actor
occupation	Giovanni Ermano Ligozzi (16th century) was an Italian painter a native of Verona, flourished about 1570.	Giovanni Ermano Ligozzi	painter
occupation	Ian Hanmore is a Scottish actor known for his role as the warlock Pyat Pree in the second season of the HBO series Game of Thrones.	Ian Hanmore	actor
occupation	Ted de Corsia (September 29, 1903 -- April 11, 1973) was an American radio, film, and television actor best remembered for his role as a gangster who turned state's evidence in the film The Enforcer (1951).	Ted de Corsia	actor
occupation	Anita Sleeman (née Andrés) (December 12, 1930 -- October 18, 2011) was a Canadian contemporary classical music composer.	Anita Sleeman	composer
occupation	B. Jayant Baliga is an Indian electrical engineer best known for his work in power semiconductor devices, and particularly invention of the insulated gate bipolar transistor.	B. Jayant Baliga	electrical engineer
occupation	Alexander Ivanovich Yakovlev (spelled Jakowlew, Jakowleff, Jakovlev in German and French), (1863--1909) was a Russian entomologist and painter.	Alexander Ivanovich Yakovlev	painter
occupation	Frederick Goddard Tuckerman (February 4, 1821 -- May 9, 1873) was an American poet, remembered mostly for his sonnet series.	Frederick Goddard Tuckerman	poet
occupation	Robert Pine (born July 10, 1941) is an American actor who is best known as Sgt. Joseph Getraer on the hit NBC television series CHiPs (1977--83).	Robert Pine	actor
occupation	Eliza Farnham (November 17, 1815 -- December 15, 1864) was a 19th-century American novelist, feminist, abolitionist, and activist for prison reform.	Eliza Farnham	novelist
occupation	Fred R. Kline (born November 3, 1939, Hagerstown, MD) is an art historian, writer, poet, sculptor, private art dealer and public gallerist since 1980 in Santa Fe, NM, and additionally in San Antonio, TX during a period in the 1980s.	Fred R. Kline	art historian
occupation	Dr. Sara C. Bisel (1932--1996) was a physical anthropologist and classical archaeologist who played a prominent role in early scientific research at Herculaneum, a Mediterranean coastal town destroyed by the 79 AD eruption of Mount Vesuvius.	Sara C. Bisel	anthropologist	archaeologist
occupation	Oliviero Diliberto was born in a family of public servants (his father Marco was employed as attorney in the Administration of the Region of Sardinia, his mother Lella was a teacher).	Oliviero Diliberto	teacher
occupation	Doug Pettibone (born in Los Angeles, California) is an American guitarist, singer, songwriter and studio musician.	Doug Pettibone	singer, songwriter
occupation	Donald Allan Darling (May 4, 1915 -- June 24, 2014) was an American statistician, known for the Anderson--	Donald Allan Darling	statistician
occupation	Jakub Wolny (born May 15, 1995 in Bielsko-Biała) is a Polish ski jumper, a member of youth Polish ski jumping team.	Jakub Wolny	ski jumper
occupation	Mills Watson (born William Oscar Watson on July 10, 1940) is an American actor who is probably best known for his role as Deputy Perkins, first on B.J. and the Bear and later on The Misadventures of Sheriff Lobo.	Mills Watson	actor
occupation	Sylvia Tait (born March 20, 1932) is a Canadian abstract painter and print-maker.	Sylvia Tait	painter
occupation	Max Fleischer (July 19, 1883 -- September 11, 1972) was an American animator, inventor, film director and producer.	Max Fleischer	animator	inventor	film director
occupation	Ariel Schrag (born December 29, 1979) is an American cartoonist and television writer who achieved critical recognition at an unusually early age for her autobiographical comics.	Ariel Schrag	cartoonist
occupation	Portus Baxter (December 4, 1806 -- March 4, 1868) was a nineteenth-century banker, farmer, and politician from Vermont.	Portus Baxter	politician
occupation	Ruth Tester (August 17, 1903 -- March 21, 1993) was a singer and dancer in Broadway musicals of the 1920s and 1930s.	Ruth Tester	singer	dancer
occupation	Otto Redlich (November 4, 1896--August 14, 1978) was an Austrian physical chemist and chemical engineer who is best known for his development of equations of state like Redlich-Kwong equation.	Otto Redlich	engineer
occupation	Mark Gee (born May 19, 1973, in Newcastle upon Tyne, England), better known as Huck Gee, is a contemporary artist, illustrator, toy maker, and designer best known by toy enthusiasts for his iconic ``Skullhead'' character.	Huck Gee	designer
occupation	José María Vicente Esteban Rafael de Jesús, known as Rafael Calderón Muñoz (October 24, 1869 -- June 15, 1943) was a Costa Rican politician and physician.	Rafael Calderón Muñoz	politician
occupation	William Alexander Duer (September 8, 1780 -- May 30, 1858) was an American lawyer, jurist, and educator from New York City.	William Alexander Duer	lawyer
occupation	Mitchell A. Wilson (July 17, 1914 - February 25, 1973) was an American novelist and physicist.	Mitchell A. Wilson	novelist
occupation	Phil Parmet, (born March 7, 1942) is a US-American cinematographer and producer.	Phil Parmet	cinematographer
occupation	John Stobbs was a 19th-century English songwriter and poet who lived in the Tyneside district.	John Stobbs	songwriter
occupation	Peter Bossman (born 2 November 1955) is a Ghanaian-born Slovenian doctor and politician.	Peter Bossman	politician
occupation	Max Surban (born Maximo Surban, May 15, 1939) is a Filipino singer in mainly in Cebuano language.	Max Surban	singer
occupation	Chen Ming-tang (Chinese: 陳明堂; pinyin: Chén Míngtáng) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Chen Ming-tang	politician
occupation	Tapping Reeve (sometimes presented as Tappan Reeve; October 1, 1744 -- December 13, 1823) was an American lawyer and law educator.	Tapping Reeve	lawyer
occupation	Paul Prudhomme (July 13, 1940 -- October 8, 2015), also known as Gene Autry Prudhomme, was an American celebrity chef whose specialties were Creole and Cajun cuisines; he was credited with popularizing the cuisines, as well.	Paul Prudhomme	chef
occupation	Yang Lan (Chinese: 杨澜; pinyin: Yáng Lán; born March 31, 1968) is a Chinese media proprietor, journalist, and talk show hostess.	Yang Lan	journalist
occupation	Peter Fallico is a Canadian designer and television personality, best known as a host of various programs on HGTV Canada.	Peter Fallico	designer
occupation	Na Yoon-sun, also Youn Sun Nah (Korean: 나윤선; born August 28, 1969) is a South Korean jazz singer.	Na Yoon-sun	singer
occupation	Marlene Cummins is an jazz blues singer, saxophonist, songwriter, artist, Aboriginal Australian activist, broadcaster, dancer, and actor.	Marlene Cummins	singer
occupation	William Symington (1764--1831) was a Scottish engineer and inventor, and the builder of the first practical steamboat, the Charlotte Dundas.	William Symington	engineer
occupation	Mu Shuangshuang (穆爽爽; born July 7, 1984) is a Chinese weightlifter from Shuangliao, Jilin.	Mu Shuangshuang	weightlifter
occupation	Albert Bouchard (born May 24, 1947) is an American drummer, guitarist, singer and songwriter.	Albert Bouchard	singer and songwriter
occupation	Apollinariya Yakubova (died 1913 or 1917) was a Russian Marxist revolutionary and, with Vladimir Lenin, one of the founders of the League of Struggle for the Emancipation of the Working Class.	Apollinariya Yakubova	revolutionary
occupation	John F. Lappen (February 6, 1881 -- October 2, 1945) was an American wire weaver and politician.	John F. Lappen	politician
occupation	Fender Tucker has been a disk magazine editor and publisher, and a self-publisher of books.	Fender Tucker	publisher
occupation	Andrew Berry (born 1963) is a British evolutionary biologist and historian of science with a particular interest in Alfred Wallace.	Andrew Berry	evolutionary biologist	historian of science
occupation	Jerry Umberger (born January 21, 1942) is a retired American darts player who competed from the 1970s through the 1990s.	Jerry Umberger	darts player
occupation	Robert Kelker-Kelly (born April 18, 1964) is an American soap opera actor and pilot, best known for playing Bo Brady on NBC soap opera Days of Our Lives (1992--95).	Robert Kelker-Kelly	actor
occupation	Ona Zee (born March 3, 1951) is the stage name of an American pornographic actress, model and realtor.	Ona Zee	model
occupation	Jim Lowe (born May 7, 1927) is an American singer-songwriter, best known for his 1956 number-one hit song, ``Green Door''.	Jim Lowe	singer	songwriter
occupation	Marc H. Ellis (born 1952) is an American author, liberation theologian, and a former University Professor of Jewish Studies, Professor of History and Director of the Center for Jewish Studies at Baylor University.	Marc H. Ellis	theologian
occupation	Ginger Strand is an American essayist, novelist, environmental writer, and historian.	Ginger Strand	novelist
occupation	Martin Wolf, CBE (born 1946) is a British journalist who focuses on economics.	Martin Wolf	journalist
occupation	Eytan Fox (Hebrew: איתן פוקס‎) (born on August 21, 1964) is an Israeli film director.	Eytan Fox	film director
occupation	Jay Johnston (born October 22, 1968) is an American actor and comedian best known for his work as a writer and cast member on the HBO sketch comedy series Mr. Show and for playing the role of Officer Jay McPherson on The Sarah Silverman Program.	Jay Johnston	actor
occupation	Vladimir Gligorov (Serbian and Macedonian Cyrillic: Владимир Глигоров) (born 1945) is a prominent economist and was a founder of the Democratic Party in Serbia in December 1989.	Vladimir Gligorov	economist
occupation	Samuel Hubbard Scudder (April 13, 1837 -- May 17, 1911) was an American entomologist and palaeontologist.	Samuel Hubbard Scudder	entomologist
occupation	Ross Yockey (1943 -- April 13, 2008) was a writer, producer, author, and television journalist.	Ross Yockey	journalist
occupation	Steve Seck is a former competitive judoka for the United States.	Steve Seck	judoka
occupation	Abraham the Laborious (fl. 14th century) was a monk of Kiev.	Abraham the Laborious	monk
occupation	Shahin Shahbazi is an award-winning Iranian composer, musician and poet.	Shahin Shahbazi	composer
occupation	Roger Whelpdale (died 1423) was an English priest and Bishop of Carlisle from 1419 until 1423.	Roger Whelpdale	priest
occupation	Philip Dansken Ross (January 1, 1858 -- July 5, 1949) was a Canadian journalist, newspaper publisher, sportsman and ice hockey pioneer builder.	Philip Dansken Ross	journalist
occupation	Leontios Machairas or Makhairas (Greek: Λεόντιος Μαχαιράς, French: Léonce Machéras) was a medieval Cypriot historian.	Leontios Machairas	historian
occupation	Andy Votel is a musician, DJ, record producer, graphic designer and co-founder of Twisted Nerve Records and the reissue label Finders Keepers Records.	Andy Votel	musician
occupation	Ron Reyes (born July 24, 1960) is a North American musician most noted as the second singer for the Los Angeles punk rock group Black Flag.	Ron Reyes	singer
occupation	Scott Vlaun is an American photographer and a co-founder of Moose Pond Arts Ecology.	Scott Vlaun	photographer
occupation	Christos Patsalides is a Cypriot Lawyer, politician and a former Minister of Health of the Republic of Cyprus.	Christos Patsalides	politician
occupation	Tom Wiggin (born July 6, 1955) is an American actor, writer and entrepreneur.	Tom Wiggin	actor
occupation	Christian Provenzano is a Canadian politician, who was elected mayor of Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario in the 2014 municipal election.	Christian Provenzano	politician
occupation	Amanda Adams (born September 12, 1976) is an American author and archaeologist.	Amanda Adams	archaeologist
occupation	Lucy Stone (August 13, 1818 -- October 19, 1893) was a prominent American orator, abolitionist, and suffragist, and a vocal advocate and organizer promoting rights for women.	Lucy Stone	abolitionist
occupation	Leo Wood (September 2, 1882 - August 2, 1929) was a songwriter and lyricist for popular songs in the United States.	Leo Wood	songwriter
occupation	Herbert Hirschman (April 13, 1914 - July 3, 1985) was a television producer and director.	Herbert Hirschman	television producer
occupation	William Thetford (April 25, 1923 -- July 4, 1988) was an American psychologist, medical psychologist and professor.	William Thetford	psychologist
occupation	Natalya Ivanovna Galkina, simply known as Natalie Gal (Russian: Наталья Ивановна Галкина; born December 18, 1985) is a Russian model and actress, who made her television debut as runner-up on the eighth series of America's Next Top Model.	Natalie Gal	model
occupation	Paul Crooks is a former Formula One engineer.	Paul Crooks	engineer
occupation	Lucien Pierre Brouillard, better known as Lou Brouillard, (May 23, 1911 -- September 14, 1984), was a Canadian professional boxer who held the World Welterweight Title and a version of the World Middleweight Title.	Lou Brouillard	boxer
occupation	Dan Meredith, also known as Dan Blah, is a Internet freedom supporter, journalist, technologist, and media activist.	Dan Meredith	journalist	technologist	activist
occupation	Karen Bernod (born May 13, 1964, Brooklyn, New York) is an American-born R&B vocalist, songwriter and producer.	Karen Bernod	songwriter
occupation	Kevin Keathley is a basketball coach and author who has spent eleven years coaching on both the college and professional levels of basketball.	Kevin Keathley	basketball coach
occupation	Loren Eiseley (September 3, 1907 -- July 9, 1977) was an American anthropologist, educator, philosopher, and natural science writer, who taught and published books from the 1950s through the 1970s.	Loren Eiseley	anthropologist	philosopher
occupation	Peter Elkas (born July 24, 1976 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian singer-songwriter, signed to MapleMusic Recordings.	Peter Elkas	singer
occupation	Ramón Lorenzo Falcón (August 30, 1855 -- November 14, 1909) was an Argentine Army officer, politician, and Chief of the Argentine Federal Police.	Ramón Lorenzo Falcón	politician
occupation	José António Falcão, Ph.D., is a reputed Portuguese art historian, museum curator and educator.	José António Falcão	art historian
occupation	John Fernandes is an American multi-instrumentalist musician.	John Fernandes	musician
occupation	Česlovas Laurinavičius (born September 16, 1952, Klaipeda) is a Lithuanian historian and politologist, a 2003 recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Order for Merits to Lithuania.	Česlovas Laurinavičius	historian
occupation	Näqi İsänbät (Tatar: Нәкый Исәнбәт (næˈqi isænˈbæt); Russian: Наки Исанбет, Naki Isanbet, also anglicised as Nakie Isanbet) 1899-1992) was a Tatar writer, an encyclopaedist, a poet, a playwright, a prosaist, a children's writer, a specialist in folklore and a philologist.	Näqi İsänbät	writer	poet
occupation	Anthony Ravard (born September 28, 1983) is a French former road bicycle racer, who competed as a professional between 2005 and 2013.	Anthony Ravard	bicycle racer
occupation	Matt Bielby is a magazine editor based in the UK.	Matt Bielby	editor
occupation	Edward Teller (Hungarian: Teller Ede; January 15, 1908 -- September 9, 2003) was a Hungarian-born American theoretical physicist who is known colloquially as ``the father of the hydrogen bomb'', although he claimed he did not care for the title.	Edward Teller	physicist
occupation	James Curnow is a music composer for concert bands, brass bands, vocal and instrumental solos and ensembles.	James Curnow	composer
occupation	The Life and Work of Peter Rogers (BBC) by Morris Bright and Robert Ross (author of The Carry On Companion and the Monty Python Encyclopedia) was published in 2000, with extensive input from Rogers.	Peter Rogers	author
occupation	John Bagot (21 March 1842 -- 18 June 1901) was a British Guianese cricketer who played a single first-class match for Demerara, an antecedent of the present Guyanese national side.	John Bagot	cricketer
occupation	Marilyn B. Young (born 1937) is an historian of American foreign relations and professor of history at New York University.	Marilyn B. Young	historian
occupation	Trevor Boots Harris (1944/5 -- 2014) was a Jamaican entertainment journalist and broadcaster.	Trevor Boots Harris	journalist
occupation	Flint Juventino Beppe (born May 27, 1973), formerly known as Fred Jonny Berg, is a Germany resident, Norwegian-born composer, filmmaker, artist and producer.	Flint Juventino Beppe	composer
occupation	Nadimuddin is a First Class and List A cricketer from Bangladesh who is sometimes shown on scoresheets by his nickname Mintu.	Nadimuddin	cricketer
occupation	Claire Shipman is an American television journalist, currently the senior national correspondent for the ABC program, Good Morning America.	Claire Shipman	journalist
occupation	Anna Salter is an American psychologist and mystery novelist.	Anna Salter	psychologist	novelist
occupation	Charles Alfred Taliaferro (August 29, 1905 -- February 3, 1969), known simply as Al Taliaferro, was a Disney comics artist who used to produce Disney comic strips for King Features Syndicate.	Al Taliaferro	comics artist
occupation	David Benioff (born David Friedman; September 25, 1970) is an American novelist, screenwriter and television producer.	David Benioff	novelist	screenwriter	television producer
occupation	Rudy Vaughn Brannon (born August 28, 1980) is an American musician, singer-songwriter, and recording artist.	Rudy Vaughn	singer-songwriter
occupation	Bernard J. Taylor is the writer and composer of twelve stage musicals and four stage plays.	Bernard J. Taylor	composer
occupation	Muriel Davisson is an American neuroscientist who developed the Down syndrome mouse model Ts65Dn.	Muriel Davisson	neuroscientist
occupation	C. J. Vanston is an American film composer, record producer, songwriter, and keyboardist, based in Hollywood, California.	C. J. Vanston	composer
occupation	William Spratling (September 22, 1900 -- August 7, 1967) was an American-born silver designer and artist, best known for his influence on 20th century Mexican silver design.	William Spratling	artist
occupation	Mikkel Parlo (born May 3, 1990) is a Danish mixed martial artist who competes in Bellator's Middleweight division.	Mikkel Parlo	mixed martial artist
occupation	Emil Baensch (June 12, 1857 -- August 17, 1939) was a Republican politician from Wisconsin of German ancestry.	Emil Baensch	politician
occupation	Yolanda Soler (born January 9, 1972) is a Spanish judoka, Olympic champion.	Yolanda Soler	judoka
occupation	Blair Worden is a historian, among the leading authorities on the period of the English Civil War and on relations between literature and history more generally in the early modern period.	Blair Worden	historian
occupation	Pauline Trigère (1912--2002) was a French-born American fashion designer, known for her crisp, tailored cuts and innovative ideas.	Pauline Trigère	fashion designer
occupation	Karita Tykkä (born Karita Tuomola, September 22, 1976 in Kuopio) is a Finnish television host, actress and model.	Karita Tykkä	model
occupation	John T. Bambury (July 10, 1891 -- November 4, 1960) was an American actor with dwarfism, best known for his role as one of the Munchkins in the 1939 film, The Wizard of Oz. He also had parts in nine other films between 1926 and 1951.	John T. Bambury	actor
occupation	Marnix Gijsen started his literary career as a poet within the expressionist group Ruimte (Space) their illustrated magazine.	Marnix Gijsen	poet
occupation	Rodney Lucas, better known by his stage name F.Stokes (pronounced ``F Dot Stokes''), is an American rapper from South Side, Chicago, Illinois.	F.Stokes	rapper
occupation	William Romaine Newbold (November 20, 1865-September 6, 1926) was an American philosopher who held the Adam Seybert Professor of Intellectual and Moral Philosophy chair at the University of Pennsylvania from 1907 to 1926.	William Romaine Newbold	philosopher
occupation	Lito Cruz (born May 14, 1941) is a prominent Argentine stage director and motion picture actor.	Lito Cruz	actor
occupation	Edwin Ray Guthrie (/ˈɡʌθri/; Lincoln, Nebraska January 9, 1886 -- Seattle, Washington April 23, 1959) was a behavioral psychologist.	Edwin Ray Guthrie	psychologist
occupation	Raymond Geuss (born 1946), Emeritus Professor in the Faculty of Philosophy, University of Cambridge, is a political philosopher and scholar of 19th and 20th century European philosophy.	Raymond Geuss	philosopher
occupation	John Contreras is an American cellist, best known for his work with Current 93 and Baby Dee.	John Contreras	cellist
occupation	Professor Irun Cohen (b. 1937, Chicago, Illinois) is an immunologist at the Weizmann Institute of Science, Israel.	Irun Cohen	immunologist
occupation	Danny Lyon (born March 16, 1942) is an American photographer and filmmaker.	Danny Lyon	photographer
occupation	Dmitry Chaplin (Дмитрий Александрович Чаплин Dmitry Alexandrovich Chaplin) is a Russian dancer and Emmy nominated choreographer, best known for being a Top 10 finalist on the TV show So You Think You Can Dance (Season 2).	Dmitry Chaplin	dancer
occupation	Yandé Codou Sène (also Yande Codou Sene) was a Senegalese singer from the Serer ethnic group.	Yandé Codou Sène	singer
occupation	Thomas Hedley Reynolds was the fifth president of Bates College in Lewiston, Maine and an American historian.	Thomas Hedley Reynolds	historian
occupation	Sir Charles Waldstein, from 1918 Sir Charles Walston (March 30, 1856 -- March 21, 1927) was an Anglo-American archaeologist.	Charles Waldstein	archaeologist
occupation	Shai Cohen (Hebrew: שי כהן‎; b.1968, in Haifa) is an Israeli music educator and composer.	Shai Cohen	composer
occupation	Gwen Thiele is a former Australian international tennis player.	Gwen Thiele	tennis player
occupation	Drew White is an international lawyer from Canada best known for his role in the conviction of Colonel Theoneste Bagosora, who the media dubbed ``the mastermind'' of the 1994 Rwanda genocide and who White referred to in his closing trial submissions as one of the ``enemies of the human race''.	Drew White	lawyer
occupation	Ramesh Ponnuru (/rəˈmɛʃ pəˈnʊəruː/; born August 16, 1974) is a Washington, D.C.-based American columnist and a senior editor for National Review magazine.	Ramesh Ponnuru	columnist
occupation	William McKendree Morgan (December 2, 1869 -- October 16, 1942), was a lawyer and politician in Idaho and served for two separate periods on the Idaho Supreme Court.	William McKendree Morgan	lawyer
occupation	Mark Kadin (Russian: Марк Львович Кадин; born April 28, 1965) is a Russian chief conductor and musical director of Ukrainian origin.	Mark Kadin	conductor
occupation	Robert W. Jordan (born October 9, 1945) is an American lawyer and diplomat.	Robert W. Jordan	diplomat
occupation	Roberto Santos Pinhanez (1928--1987) was a Brazilian film director, known for films like Matraga (A Hora e Vez de Augusto Matraga) and The Great Moment (O Grande Momento).	Roberto Santos	film director
occupation	Ganpatrao Deshmukh (born 10 August 1926) is an Indian politician and leader he Peasants and Workers Party of India (PWP).	Ganpatrao Deshmukh	politician
occupation	K. V. Ramakrishnan is a Malayalam--language poet and journalist from Kerala state, South India.	K. V. Ramakrishnan	journalist
occupation	Roger C. Kormendi (July 24, 1949 -- February 25, 2009) was an American economist who conducted important research studies in several areas of macroeconomics and finance.	Roger C. Kormendi	economist
occupation	Eddie Dowling (December 11, 1889 -- February 18, 1976) was an American actor, screenwriter, playwright, director, producer, songwriter and composer.	Eddie Dowling	actor
occupation	Jesoni Vitusagavulu is a Fijian businessman and diplomat, who was appointed as Fiji's fifth Ambassador to the United States on 26 May 2005, succeeding Anare Jale.	Jesoni Vitusagavulu	diplomat
occupation	Toben Seymour is a music video and commercial director, and puppeteer based in Los Angeles, California.	Toben Seymour	puppeteer
occupation	Park So-jin (hangul: 박소진; hanja: 朴素珍; born May 21, 1986), most often credited as Sojin, is a South Korean idol singer.	Park So-jin	singer
occupation	Donald Norton Yates (November 25, 1909 -- August 28, 1993) was the US Army Air Force officer who helped select June 6, 1944 as the date for D-Day, the Allied invasion of Europe, in his capacity as chief meteorologist on General Dwight D. Eisenhower's staff.	Donald Norton Yates	officer
occupation	Glenn Fleshler is an American theater, television and film actor.	Glenn Fleshler	actor
occupation	Benjamin Apthorp Gould (September 27, 1824 -- November 26, 1896) was a pioneering American astronomer.	Benjamin Apthorp Gould	astronomer
occupation	Rudolf Horn (born February 8, 1954) is a former Austrian biathlete and cross-country skier.	Rudolf Horn	biathlete
occupation	Bronislava Nijinska (Belarusian: Браніслава Ніжынская; Polish: Bronisława Niżyńska; Russian: Бронисла́ва Фоми́нична Нижи́нская, Bronislava Fominichna Nizhinskaya) (January 8, 1891 (O.S. December 27, 1890) -- February 21, 1972) was a Polish dancer, choreographer, and teacher.	Bronislava Nijinska	choreographer
occupation	Johnnie Lucille Collier (April 12, 1923 -- January 22, 2004), known professionally as Ann Miller, was an American dancer, singer and actress.	Ann Miller	dancer	singer
occupation	Joshua Ferraro is an American entrepreneur and computer scientist.	Joshua Ferraro	entrepreneur	computer scientist
occupation	Georges-Albini Lacombe (January 13, 1864 -- May 17, 1941) was a Canadian physician, lawyer, and politician.	Georges-Albini Lacombe	lawyer	politician
occupation	Francesco DeMaria (October 17, 1928 Vieste, Italy) is an Italian-American chemist.	Francesco DeMaria	chemist
occupation	Judy Shalom Nir-Mozes (Hebrew: ג'ודי שלום ניר מוזס‎; born 14 August 1958) is an Israeli socialite, investor and talk show host.	Judy Shalom Nir-Mozes	socialite
occupation	Arlette Langmann (April 3, 1946) is a French screenwriter, film editor and production designer.	Arlette Langmann	screenwriter	film editor
occupation	Peiraikos, or Piraeicus, was an Ancient Greek painter of uncertain date and location.	Peiraikos	painter
occupation	Siegfried Olesch is a German lightweight boxer who won the bronze medal at the 1963 European Amateur Boxing Championships.	Siegfried Olesch	boxer
occupation	Sam Franklyn Gibson commonly known as Bode Gibson (born October 15, 1952) is a Sierra Leonean politician and the current mayor of Freetown.	Sam Franklyn Gibson	politician
occupation	Tor-Arne Moen (born 13 May 1966) is a Norwegian painter and author.	Tor-Arne Moen	painter
occupation	Bongani Ndodana-Breen is a South African-born composer, musician and cultural activist.	Bongani Ndodana-Breen	composer
occupation	Aries Spears (born April 3, 1975) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, voice artist, and comedian.	Aries Spears	actor
occupation	Kikka Hanazawa (born October 26, 1970) is a Japanese investor and fashion industry executive.	Kikka Hanazawa	investor
occupation	John Van Antwerp MacMurray (1881--1960) was an American attorney, author and diplomat best known as one of the leading China experts in the U.S. government.	John Van Antwerp MacMurray	diplomat
occupation	James Russell Lowell (/ˈloʊəl/; February 22, 1819 -- August 12, 1891) was an American Romantic poet, critic, editor, and diplomat.	James Russell Lowell	poet	diplomat
occupation	Jessie McTavish is a Scottish former nurse who was convicted in 1974 of murdering a patient with insulin.	Jessie McTavish	nurse
occupation	Vinc Pichel is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.	Vinc Pichel	mixed martial artist
occupation	Décio Pignatari (August 20, 1927 -- December 2, 2012) was a Brazilian poet, essayist and translator.	Décio Pignatari	poet	translator
occupation	Adalberto Santiago is an internationally known Salsa singer.	Adalberto Santiago	singer
occupation	Tobias Dantzig (February 19, 1884 -- August 9, 1956) was a mathematician of Baltic German and Russian American heritage, the father of George Dantzig, and the author of Number:	Tobias Dantzig	mathematician
occupation	Kim Ho-jin (born May 5, 1970) is a South Korean actor and food show host.	Kim Ho-jin	actor
occupation	Wendy Bucklew is an American rock singer/songwriter who became well known as part of the Atlanta folk rock scene, which she joined in 1988.	Wendy Bucklew	singer
occupation	Maaza Mengiste is an Ethiopian-American writer.	Maaza Mengiste	writer
occupation	David H. Levy (born May 22, 1948) is a Canadian astronomer and science writer who co-discovered Comet Shoemaker--	David H. Levy	astronomer
occupation	Miina Härma (February 9, 1864 -- November 16, 1941) was a widely recognised Estonian composer.	Miina Härma	composer
occupation	Paul E. Toms (May 26, 1924 - February 7, 2015) was an American author and pastor.	Paul E. Toms	pastor
occupation	Peter Achinstein (born June 30, 1935) is an American philosopher of science.	Peter Achinstein	philosopher
occupation	William Ragsdale (January 19, 1961) is an American film and television actor best known for playing teen vampire slayer hero Charley Brewster in the horror vampire classic, Fright Night (1985), and as Herman Brooks on Herman's Head from 1991-94.	William Ragsdale	actor
occupation	Thanawat Thirapongpaiboon (Thai: ธนวัฒน์ ถิรพงศ์ไพบูลย์ Ṭhnwạtʹhn̒ T̄hirphngṣ̄̒phịbūly̒; born December 14, 1993) is a Thai professional snooker player.	Thanawat Thirapongpaiboon	snooker player
occupation	Dillard Pruitt (born September 24, 1961) is an American amateur golfer, who formerly played professionally on the PGA Tour.	Dillard Pruitt	golfer
occupation	Iain McGilchrist is a psychiatrist, doctor, writer, and former Oxford literary scholar.	Iain McGilchrist	psychiatrist
occupation	Ariann Black (also spelled Arian Black earlier in her career) is a professional magician who is based in Las Vegas, Nevada, USA.	Ariann Black	magician
occupation	Carmelo Torres says of this: ``- Granero was killed by ''little shame`` and I have very little shame to be a writer.	Carmelo Torres	writer
occupation	Jarvis Hunt (August 6, 1863 - June 15, 1941) was a renowned Chicago architect who designed a wide array of buildings, including train stations, suburban estates, industrial buildings, clubhouses and other structures.	Jarvis Hunt	architect
occupation	Jon Knox is an American session drummer who has been a member of the bands White Heart and Adam Again and is currently the drummer for Future User.	Jon Knox	drummer
occupation	Joseph Moloney returned to south-west London but did not have time to enjoy his status as a celebrated explorer: he died at the age of 38, and is buried in Kingston Cemetery in Kingston upon Thames.	Joseph Moloney	explorer
occupation	Safi Saïd (Tunisian Arabic: الصافي سعيد‎) (born 22 September 1953) is a Tunisian journalist and writer.	Safi Saïd	journalist
occupation	Tayseer Allouni (Arabic: تيسير علوني‎; also: Taysir, Tayseer, Alluni, Aluni, Alony) is a journalist from the Al Jazeera news channel.	Tayseer Allouni	journalist
occupation	Andrew Matthews-Owen is a Welsh pianist and accompanist.	Andrew Matthews-Owen	pianist
occupation	Deepa Sahi is an Indian actress and producer who is best known for her role as Maya in the 1992 movie Maya Memsaab opposite actor Shah Rukh Khan.	Deepa Sahi	actor
occupation	Hannah Franklin (born Hannah Faier; 1937 near Lublin, Poland) is a Canadian sculptor and painter.	Hannah Franklin	painter
occupation	Alfred Hulse Brooks (July 18, 1871 -- November 22, 1924) was an American geologist and served as chief geologist for Alaska for the United States Geological Survey from 1903 to 1924.	Alfred Hulse Brooks	geologist
occupation	Thomas Hakluyt (fl. 1559), was an English politician.	Thomas Hakluyt	politician
occupation	Giuseppe Anatrelli (January 3, 1925 - November 29, 1981), also known as Geppino Anatrelli, was an Italian film, stage and television actor.	Giuseppe Anatrelli	actor
occupation	Conrad K. Harper is a New York City lawyer, a retired partner at Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP, a former president of the New York City Bar Association, and an emeritus member of the Council of the American Law Institute.	Conrad K. Harper	lawyer
occupation	Jason Frederick (born November 29, 1970) is a Canadian multi-instrumentalist and composer of music for films and television.	Jason Frederick	composer
occupation	Dr. Dorothy Rowe (born December 1930) is an Australian psychologist and author, whose area of interest is depression.	Dorothy Rowe	psychologist
occupation	Geminus of Rhodes (Greek: Γεμῖνος ὁ Ῥόδιος), was a Greek astronomer and mathematician, who flourished in the 1st century BC. An astronomy work of his, the Introduction to the Phenomena, still survives; it was intended as an introductory astronomy book for students.	Geminus	astronomer	mathematician
occupation	Mike Cochrane is a musician and an actor.	Mike Cochrane	actor
occupation	Louise Rosskam (born Louise Rosenbaum) (March 27, 1910 -- April 1, 2003) was a photographer for the Farm Security Administration (FSA) and the Standard Oil Company during the mid-20th century.	Louise Rosskam	photographer
occupation	Harald Punt (born 18 February 1952) is a retired Dutch rower who won three silver medals at the World Lightweight Rowing Championships in 1974, 1978 and 1979 in the single and double sculls (with Roel Michels).	Harald Punt	rower
occupation	Louie Ocampo is a Filipino composer and arranger best known for his association with Martin Nievera.	Louie Ocampo	composer
occupation	Sheree-Lee Olson (born December 11, 1954) is a Canadian novelist, poet and journalist.	Sheree-Lee Olson	novelist	poet	journalist
occupation	Tohir Sodiqov (sometimes spelled Tokhir Sodikov in English) (Uzbek: Tohir Sodiqov, Тоҳир Содиқов; Russian: Тахир Садыков) (born July 1, 1973) is an Uzbek singer, songwriter, composer, and actor.	Tohir Sodiqov	singer
occupation	Siculus Flaccus (date uncertain) was an ancient Roman gromaticus (land surveyor), and writer in Latin on land surveying.	Siculus Flaccus	writer
occupation	Tamara Faith Berger is a Canadian author and novelist.	Tamara Faith Berger	novelist
occupation	Jesús Monge Ramírez (November 9, 1910 - August 9, 1964), better known as Chucho Monge, was a Mexican composer best known for writing traditional songs.	Chucho Monge	composer
occupation	Anne Manne is an Australian journalist and social philosopher.	Anne Manne	journalist
occupation	Will Potter is an American independent journalist and public speaker, based in Washington, D.C. He has written for several publications, including the Chicago Tribune, The Dallas Morning News, and Legal Affairs.	Will Potter	journalist
occupation	Carlos Coy (born October 5, 1970), better known by his stage name South Park Mexican, is an American rapper, founder of Dope House Records, and convicted felon.	South Park Mexican	rapper
occupation	Sonia Pacheco Irigoyen is a Puerto Rican born in Ponce, PR and resident of San Juan, PR is a politician affiliated with the Popular Democratic Party (PPD).	Sonia Pacheco	politician
occupation	Lélia Gonzalez (February 1, 1935 - July 10, 1994) was a Brazilian intellectual, politician, professor and anthropologist.	Lélia Gonzalez	politician	professor	anthropologist
occupation	Kipkemboi Kimeli (November 30, 1966 -- February 6, 2010) was a Kenyan long-distance runner who won the bronze medal in the 10,000 metres at the 1988 Seoul Olympics.	Kipkemboi Kimeli	long-distance runner
occupation	Khedinji Kanthappa Hegde, better known as K. K. Hegde, was an Indian politician from the Indian National Congress who the Minister of Health in the Government of Karnataka (then known as Mysore State).	Khedinji Kanthappa Hegde	politician
occupation	Ethan Zuckerman (born 1973) is an American media scholar, blogger, and Internet activist.	Ethan Zuckerman	blogger
occupation	Moisés Kaufman (born November 21, 1963) is a playwright, director and founder of Tectonic Theater Project.	Moisés Kaufman	playwright
occupation	Paddy Johnson is a New York-based art critic, blogger, curator and writer.	Paddy Johnson	art critic
occupation	Rod Petty (nicknamed ``Pothole'', ``egg'', ``egg head'' or ``egg egg egg egg egg'' ) is a former Australian professional rugby union player.	Rod Petty	rugby union player
occupation	Sheri Martinelli, (January 17, 1918 -- November 3, 1996) was an American painter, poet, and muse.	Sheri Martinelli	painter
occupation	Gary Sanctuary is a British pianist, keyboard player, composer and in-demand session musician.	Gary Sanctuary	composer
occupation	George Poffenbarger (born November 24, 1861, Mason County, West Virginia; died March 20, 1951) was a lawyer and long-time justice of the West Virginia Supreme Court of Appeals.	George Poffenbarger	lawyer
occupation	Avni Zogiani (born 5 July 1970 in Pristina, Kosovo) is an Albanian activist, critic, lawyer, journalist and chairman of the civil society Çohu.	Avni Zogiani	activist	critic	lawyer	journalist
occupation	Konganige Joseph Malsi Jackson Anthony commonly known as Jackson Anthony ( ජැක්සන් ඇන්තනී ) is an actor in Sri Lankan cinema.	Jackson Anthony	actor
occupation	Ronnie Penque is a bassist, singer and songwriter who has been working in the music industry for over 30 years.	Ronnie Penque	songwriter
occupation	Harold Exton is a mathematician at University of Central Lancashire (called Preston Polytechnic while he was there) working on hypergeometric functions, who introduced the Hahn--	Harold Exton	mathematician
occupation	Jeffrey Stepakoff is an American television writer, producer, and author.	Jeffrey Stepakoff	writer
occupation	Mayra Goñi (better known as Mayra) is a Peruvian actress and singer.	Mayra Goñi	singer
occupation	Jacob Kornerup (1825--1913) was a Danish archeoloigist and painter who is remembered above all for discovering and restoring medieval frescos in Danish churches.	Jacob Kornerup	painter
occupation	Matt McJunkins is an American musician best known for touring and recording with the American rock band A Perfect Circle.	Matt McJunkins	musician
occupation	Sarita Michelle is an American actress and model.	Sarita Michelle	model
occupation	George Hertzberg (born November 6, 1972) is an American actor best known for his portrayal of the cyber-demonic soldier Adam in the fourth season of the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.	George Hertzberg	actor
occupation	As demonstrated by the collection of critical essays, Rediscovering Vardis Fisher (2000), the author still draws praise as well as criticism for his work.	Vardis Fisher	author
occupation	Kate Fox is a social anthropologist, co-director of the Social Issues Research Centre (SIRC) and a Fellow of the Institute for Cultural Research.	Kate Fox	anthropologist
occupation	Barry Altschul (born January 6, 1943, New York City) is a free jazz and hard bop drummer who gained fame in the late 1960s with the pianists Paul Bley and Chick Corea.	Barry Altschul	drummer
occupation	Carter Cruise (born April 24, 1991) is the stage name of an American pornographic actress, DJ, and model.	Carter Cruise	model
occupation	Louise Pleming (born 22 June 1967) is a former professional tennis player who participated in both the International Tennis Federation and the Women's Tennis Association.	Louise Pleming	tennis player
occupation	Bradford Morrow (born April 8, 1951) is an American novelist, editor, essayist, poet, and children's book writer.	Bradford Morrow	novelist
occupation	Tom Hillmann is an award-winning American film and television actor best known for his role in The Outsiders.	Tom Hillmann	actor
occupation	P. Frank Winkler is an astronomer and noted subject matter expert on supernova.	Frank Winkler	astronomer
occupation	Franz Schuler (born October 3, 1962) is a former Austrian biathlete and police officer, who competed as a member of the Polizeisportverein (police sports club) Innsbruck.	Franz Schuler	biathlete
occupation	Douglas C. Schmidt (born July 18, 1962) is a computer scientist and author in the fields of object-oriented programming, distributed computing and design patterns.	Douglas C. Schmidt	computer scientist
occupation	Blake Richards (born November 8, 1974 in Olds, Alberta) is a Canadian politician, who was re-elected for a third term in the riding of Banff--	Blake Richards	politician
occupation	Ashok Rajagopalan (also known under the blogging pseudonym Kenny Wordsmith) is an Indian writer and artist for over 500 children's books.	Ashok Rajagopalan	writer
occupation	Felicity McCall is an Irish journalist, writer and broadcaster whose 21 published works include novels, non-fiction, plays, a graphic novel and anthologies.	Felicity McCall	journalist
occupation	Abel Green (June 3, 1900 - May 10, 1973) was an American journalist best known as the editor of Variety for forty years.	Abel Green	journalist
occupation	Shankar Tucker is an American clarinetist and music composer.	Shankar Tucker	clarinetist
occupation	Julia Childs (born 1962 in St. Albans) is a British playwright who has won first and second place awards internationally.	Julia Childs	playwright
occupation	Sam Hanson (born August 26, 1939) is an American lawyer and judge from the state of Minnesota.	Sam Hanson	lawyer
occupation	Shourya Nidhi ( Hindi: शौर्य निधि ) is an award winning writer, actor and director, popularly known as Sho.	Shourya Nidhi	actor
occupation	Lorna Marshall (September 14, 1898 -- July 8, 2002), born Lorna Jean McLean, was an anthropologist who in the 1950s, 60s and 70s lived among and wrote about the previously unstudied !	Lorna Marshall	anthropologist
occupation	Garry Foulds (born 13 May 1956) is a former Australian rules footballer who played 300 games for the Essendon Football Club between 1974 and 1989.	Garry Foulds	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Jeff Osterhage (born March 12, 1953) is an American film and television actor from Columbus, Indiana.	Jeff Osterhage	actor
occupation	From the time she was in Middle School, Nadia Sharmeen wanted to become a journalist.	Nadia Sharmeen	journalist
occupation	Edward Rafeedie (January 6, 1929 -- March 25, 2008) was a judge of the United States District Court for the Central District of California.	Edward Rafeedie	judge
occupation	Alexei Manziola (born March 29, 1980, in St. Petersburg, Russia) is a former Israeli swimmer, currently residing in Russia.	Alexei Manziola	swimmer
occupation	Serge Houde (born 1953) is a Canadian film and television character actor.	Serge Houde	actor
occupation	Walter F. Meserve (June 13, 1921 -- October 1, 1984) was a Massachusetts politician who served as the acting Mayor of Lynn, Massachusetts.	Walter F. Meserve	politician
occupation	Artie Shaw (born Arthur Jacob Arshawsky; May 23, 1910 -- December 30, 2004) was an American clarinetist, composer, bandleader, and actor.	Artie Shaw	clarinetist	composer	bandleader
occupation	Katharina Sieverding (born 1944) is a photographer known for her self-portraiture.	Katharina Sieverding	photographer
occupation	Murray Olderman (born March 27, 1922 in Spring Valley, New York) is an American sports cartoonist and writer.	Murray Olderman	cartoonist
occupation	James Signorelli is an American director and cinematographer, best known for his work on the TV show Saturday Night Live.	James Signorelli	cinematographer
occupation	Joseph Anthony (May 24, 1912 -- January 20, 1993) was an American playwright, actor, and director.	Joseph Anthony	playwright	actor
occupation	Živorad Smiljanić (born 6 February 1942, in Zaječar) is a Serbian politician, member of the Socialist Party of Serbia.	Živorad Smiljanić	politician
occupation	Heather Buchman is an American conductor and trombonist, and an assistant professor of music at Hamilton College and conductor of both the Hamilton College orchestra and brass ensemble.	Heather Buchman	conductor
occupation	Julian C. Josey, Jr. is a radiation oncologist at the Gibbs Cancer Center & Research Institute in Spartanburg, South Carolina.	Julian C. Josey, Jr.	oncologist
occupation	Birbal Jha (born 22 October 1972), is an Indian author and entrepreneur.	Birbal Jha	author
occupation	Alessandro del Torso (born 1883, date of death unknown) was an Italian skeleton racer who competed in the late 1920s.	Alessandro del Torso	skeleton racer
occupation	Edward L. Beck, C.P. is a Roman Catholic priest and member of the Passionist congregation.	Edward L. Beck	Catholic priest
occupation	Marion Holland (July 17, 1908 -- April 6, 1989) was an American children's book writer and illustrator from Washington, DC. Holland's best-known books were A Big Ball of String;	Marion Holland	writer
occupation	Christopher Ball (born 7 July 1936) is a British composer, conductor and clarinettist Ball was born in Leeds, England in 1936 and is a British composer, conductor, clarinettist and recorder soloist.	Christopher Ball	composer	conductor
occupation	Mary Ann Acevedo Rivera (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈmeɾi ˈan aseˈβeðo)); (born June 23, 1987), better known as ``Mary Ann'', is a Puerto Rican singer and songwriter.	Mary Ann Acevedo	singer
occupation	Frank Angell (1857--1939) was an early American psychologist and the former athletic director at Stanford University.	Frank Angell	psychologist
occupation	Nic Endo (born January 7, 1976) is a Japanese-German-American noise musician who plays with the German digital hardcore group Atari Teenage Riot.	Nic Endo	musician
occupation	Joe Boyd Vigil is an audio engineer, sound designer and composer of electronic music.	Joe Boyd Vigil	audio engineer	composer
occupation	Péter Érdi is a Hungarian born computational neuroscientist who now lives in Michigan, USA where he is a Henry R. Luce Professor at Kalamazoo College.	Péter Érdi	neuroscientist
occupation	Mcenroe (stylized mcenroe), also known as Rod Bailey, is a Canadian hip hop musician, and entrepreneur.	Mcenroe	musician	entrepreneur
occupation	Stevie Boi is an American fashion designer and founder of the luxury eyewear line SB Shades.	Stevie Boi	fashion designer
occupation	Sharon Rotbard (Hebrew שרון רוטברד) (born October 2, 1959), is an Israeli architect, publisher and author, senior lecturer at the Architecture department in the Bezalel Academy, Jerusalem.	Sharon Rotbard	architect	publisher
occupation	Charles Sears (dates unknown) was an English cricketer who played for Surrey during the 1750s and 1760s.	Charles Sears	cricketer
occupation	David Alter (December 3, 1807 -- September 18, 1881) was a prominent American inventor and scientist of the 19th century.	David Alter	inventor	scientist
occupation	Aftab Baloch (Urdu: آفتاب بلوچ‎) (born April 1, 1953, Karachi, Sindh) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played in two Tests from 1969 to 1975.	Aftab Baloch	cricketer
occupation	Ralph Rainger (October 7, 1901 -- October 23, 1942) was an American composer of popular music principally for films.	Ralph Rainger	composer
occupation	Jeremy Marre is a television director, writer and producer who founded Harcourt Films and has worked extensively around the world.	Jeremy Marre	television director
occupation	Jamie Eason (born April 10, 1976) is an American fitness model and writer.	Jamie Eason	model
occupation	Imtiaz Gilani worked with Barnett and Herenchak, Inc. Consulting Engineers, Broad Street, New Jersey, USA as a Design Engineer on civil engineering projects and then as a site engineer from 1972 till 1973.	Imtiaz Gilani	engineer
occupation	Amelia Vega Polanco (born November 7, 1984 in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic) is a Dominican actress, singer, model, charity worker and beauty queen.	Amelia Vega	singer	model
occupation	Thomas Satterwhite Noble (May 29, 1835 - April 27, 1907) was an American painter and teacher.	Thomas Satterwhite Noble	painter	teacher
occupation	Gediminas Valiuškis (Gediminas Stanislovo Valiuškis) (born January 24, 1927, Kaunas, Lithuania) was a Lithuanian architect, with expertise in design of residential buildings.	Gediminas Valiuškis	architect
occupation	Jack Nevin is a lawyer, Washington State District Court Judge in Pierce County, Washington, and a visiting professor at Seattle University's School of Law.	Jack Nevin	lawyer
occupation	Luis Felipe Bravo Mena (b. September 28, 1952 in León, Guanajuato) is a Mexican politician.	Luis Felipe Bravo Mena	politician
occupation	Michael Poliza (born January 1, 1958) is a German photographer and entrepreneur specializing in wildlife and nature photography.	Michael Poliza	photographer
occupation	Vsevolod Vladimirov (Russian: Все́волод Влади́миров) was an author and historian who wrote about Finland's Revolution in the early 20th century, during the Russian Revolution of 1905.	Vsevolod Vladimirov	historian
occupation	Michael Loam (1797--1871) was a Cornish engineer who introduced the first man engine (a device to carry men up and down the shaft of a mine) into the UK.	Michael Loam	engineer
occupation	Daniel Omara Atubo is a Ugandan lawyer, educator and politician.	Omara Atubo	lawyer	politician
occupation	Laura Hubert is a Canadian rock and jazz singer.	Laura Hubert	singer
occupation	Timm Peddie is a retired professional track and road bicycle racer from the USA.	Timm Peddie	bicycle racer
occupation	John W. Aldridge (September 26, 1922 -- February 7, 2007) was an American writer, literary critic, teacher and scholar.	John W. Aldridge	writer
occupation	Carlos Manuel Acuña is a journalist who wrote for La Nación, starting in 1960.	Carlos Manuel Acuña	journalist
occupation	Fred Lange-Nielsen (September 28, 1919 -- December 28, 1989) was a Norwegian doctor and jazz musician (bass, vocals), known in the early Oslo environments, and from several recordings.	Fred Lange-Nielsen	jazz musician
occupation	Terre Thaemlitz is a musician, public speaker, and owner of the Comatonse Recordings record label.	Terre Thaemlitz	musician
occupation	Nina Keogh is a Canadian puppet builder and puppeteer from Toronto.	Nina Keogh	puppeteer
occupation	Floyd Tillman (December 8, 1914 -- August 22, 2003) was an American country musician who, in the 1930s and 1940s, helped create the Western swing and honky tonk genres.	Floyd Tillman	musician
occupation	Becky Yee (/ˈliːbəvɪts/; born July 4, 1969) is an American portrait photographer.	Becky Yee	photographer
occupation	Amin Jensen (born in 1970) is a Danish actor and comedian best known as television host for the popular Danish musical game show, Hit Med Sangen.	Amin Jensen	actor
occupation	Gauri Jog is a Kathak dancer, Choreographer and research scholar from Chicago.	Gauri Jog	dancer
occupation	Royce Burke-Flynn is an Irish rugby union player for Leinster Rugby.His preferred position is tighthead prop.	Royce Burke-Flynn	rugby union player
occupation	Mahavir Shah was a noted television and stage actor who worked in Hindi and Gujarati movies.	Mahavir Shah	actor
occupation	Maurice Devereaux is a Canadian film director, writer and film producer through his production company, Maurice Devereaux Productions.	Maurice Devereaux	film director
occupation	Ricky Ian Gordon (born May 15, 1956) is an American composer of art song, opera and musical theatre.	Ricky Ian Gordon	composer
occupation	Kristin Mann (born September 12, 1946) is an American historian and author renowned for her works on the history of slavery in Africa.	Kristin Mann	historian
occupation	Doris Mable Cochran (May 18, 1898 -- May 22, 1968) was an American herpetologist and custodian of the American Natural Collection at the Smithsonian Institution in Washington, D.C. for many years.	Doris Mable Cochran	herpetologist
occupation	Douglas Scott Falconer FRS FRSE (March 10, 1913, Oldmeldrum, Aberdeenshire -- February 23, 2004, Edinburgh) was a British geneticist known for his work in quantitative genetics.	Douglas Scott Falconer	geneticist
occupation	Scott Beach (January 13, 1931 -- February 13, 1996) was an American actor, writer, and disc jockey, best known for his performance in the 1950s-themed 1973 film American Graffiti.	Scott Beach	actor	writer	disc jockey
occupation	Rolla Wells (June 1, 1856 -- November 30, 1944), also called ``Rollo'', was an American politician.	Rolla Wells	politician
occupation	Shane Howell (born November 28, 1983), is an American mixed martial artist who most recently competed in the flyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.	Shane Howell	mixed martial artist
occupation	Subrat Dutta is an Indian actor who appears in Bollywood, Tollywood films.	Subrat Dutta	actor
occupation	Gianluigi Galli (born January 13, 1973), better known as Gigi Galli, is an Italian rally driver, best known for his spectacular driving style.	Gigi Galli	rally driver
occupation	Josh Todd (born Joshua Todd Gruber) is an American musician and actor, best known as the lead singer of the rock band Buckcherry.	Josh Todd	actor	singer
occupation	Bonnie Lee (June 11, 1931 -- September 7, 2006) was an American Chicago blues singer.	Bonnie Lee	singer
occupation	Aleksander Uurits (May 12, 1888 -- August 10, 1918) was an Estonian painter and graphic artist.	Aleksander Uurits	painter
occupation	Ernesto Martens Rebolledo (Tilapan, Veracruz, January 28, 1933) is a Mexican chemical engineer, who has occupied several high-profile business positions and was Secretary of Energy during Vicente Fox's government.	Ernesto Martens	engineer
occupation	Andrea Koppel (born November 27, 1963) is an American communications strategist, and a former TV journalist.	Andrea Koppel	journalist
occupation	Isaac ben Merwan ha-Levi (flourished in the first third of the 12th century) was a Provençal rabbi and Talmudist; he was the elder son of Merwan of Narbonne.	Isaac ben Merwan ha-Levi	rabbi
occupation	Dragutin Gavrilović (19 July 1882 -- 25 May 1945) was a notable Serbian and, later, Yugoslav military officer.	Dragutin Gavrilović	officer
occupation	Verity Stob is the pseudonym of a British satirical columnist.	Verity Stob	columnist
occupation	Onyeka Onwenu (born 17 May 1952 ) is a Nigerian singer, songwriter, actress, journalist, politician, and X Factor series judge.	Onyeka Onwenu	journalist	politician
occupation	Benny Dembitzer is a British economist who has specialized in the economics of developing countries, particularly on the continent of Africa.	Benny Dembitzer	economist
occupation	Sophie Barthes (born 1974) is a French-American film director and screenwriter best known for her 2009 film Cold Souls.	Sophie Barthes	film director
occupation	Brian Battease (born September 11, 1983 in Japan) is a professional boxer.	Brian Battease	boxer
occupation	C. Malcolm Watkins (1911--2001) was an American historian, archaeologist, and curator.	C. Malcolm Watkins	historian	archaeologist
occupation	Lew Irwin has been a Los Angeles-based journalist for more than 50 years.	Lew Irwin	journalist
occupation	Javier Molina is an American professional boxer in the junior welterweight division.	Javier Molina	boxer
occupation	David Beck (or Beek; May 25, 1621 -- December 20, 1656), was a Dutch Golden Age portrait painter.	David Beck	painter
occupation	Travis Kyle Davis (born August, 1987) also credited as Travis Davis, is an American actor.	Travis Kyle Davis	actor
occupation	Haviv Rettig Gur (Hebrew: חביב רטיג גור‎) is an Israeli journalist who serves as the political correspondent and analyst for The Times of Israel.	Haviv Rettig	journalist
occupation	Louise Littlewood is an Australian politician and was a member of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly representing the multi-member electorate of Brindabella for the Liberal Party.	Louise Littlewood	politician
occupation	Chris Kobin is a screenwriter and film producer living in Los Angeles, California.	Chris Kobin	screenwriter	film producer
occupation	Robert S. Stevens (March 27, 1824 -- February 23, 1893) was an American politician, bank president, railroad executive, lawyer, Kansas State Senator and U.S. Representative from New York.	Robert S. Stevens	politician	lawyer
occupation	Ippolito Ciera (fl. 1546--1561) was an Italian composer of the Renaissance, active at Treviso and Venice.	Ippolito Ciera	composer
occupation	Rachel Caine is a pen name of Roxanne Longstreet Conrad, an American writer of science fiction, fantasy, mystery, suspense, and horror novels.	Rachel Caine	writer
occupation	Adham Medhat (Arabic: ادهم مدحت‎; born May 30, 1975 in Cairo) is an Egyptian sport shooter.	Adham Medhat	sport shooter
occupation	Sabita Singh is an Indian-American lawyer and Judge of the District Circuit Court in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.	Sabita Singh	lawyer
occupation	William Hawley Bowlus (May 8, 1896 - August 27, 1967) was a designer, engineer and builder of aircraft (especially gliders) and recreational vehicles in the 1930s and '40s.	William Hawley Bowlus	engineer
occupation	Reshmi Menon got engaged with actor Bobby Simha on 8 November 2015.	Reshmi Menon	actor
occupation	Harry Babbitt (November 2, 1913 -- April 9, 2004) was an American singer and star during the Big Band era.	Harry Babbitt	singer
occupation	Melvin B. Clifford was a politician who served as Mayor of Brockton, Massachusetts from 1950 to 1951.	Melvin B. Clifford	politician
occupation	Marykate O'Neil (born in Hudson, Massachusetts) is an American indiepop singer-songwriter, currently based in New York City.	Marykate O'Neil	singer-songwriter
occupation	Alfred Carlton Gilbert (February 15, 1884 -- January 24, 1961) was an American inventor, athlete, toy-maker and businessman.	Alfred Carlton Gilbert	inventor
occupation	Hugh Elliot (1752--1830) was a British diplomat and then a colonial governor.	Hugh Elliot	diplomat
occupation	Eric Mercury is a Canadian singer, songwriter, and musician.	Eric Mercury	singer
occupation	Tammar Luxoro (February 11, 1825 -- November 25, 1899) was an Italian painter, mainly painting landscapes on site.	Tammar Luxoro	painter
occupation	José de Matos-Cruz (born 9 February 1947) is a Portuguese writer, journalist, editor, high-school teacher, investigator, encyclopedist.	José de Matos-Cruz	writer	journalist
occupation	Called the ``High Profile Cop'' of the Delhi Police, Maxwell Pereira's thirty-five year career as a police officer has been highlighted with laurels.	Maxwell Pereira	police officer
occupation	Emil Dimitriev (Macedonian: Емил Димитриев, born 19 March 1979) is a Macedonian conservative politician, sociologist, and general secretary of the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization - Democratic Party for Macedonian National Unity.	Emil Dimitriev	politician
occupation	Jaquelin James Daniel (1916 -- August 7, 1990), known professionally as J. J. Daniel, was an American lawyer, businessman, civic leader and newspaper publisher.	J. J. Daniel	lawyer
occupation	Shawn Porter (born October 27, 1987) is an American professional boxer and former IBF welterweight champion.	Shawn Porter	boxer
occupation	Ehud Asherie (born 1979) is a jazz pianist and organist.	Ehud Asherie	pianist
occupation	Keith Stattenfield is a senior Apple Computer software engineer.	Keith Stattenfield	engineer
occupation	Jessica Lu (April 18, 1985) is an American actress, model, and spokesperson.	Jessica Lu	model
occupation	Richard Catlyn (by 1520-56), of Norwich and Honingham, Norfolk and Serjeants' Inn, London, was an English politician.	Richard Catlyn	politician
occupation	Andrew Salter received a BA from NYU, and was ``grand-fathered in'' as a practicing (Manhattan at 1000 Park Avenue at East 84th Street) psychologist with only a BA.	Andrew Salter	psychologist
occupation	Lucille Carra (born New York City) is an American documentary film director, producer, and writer.	Lucille Carra	film director
occupation	Rana Mazumder is an Indian singer who sings for Bollywood and Tollywood films.	Rana Mazumder	singer
occupation	Ali Mojuz or Mirza Ali Mojuz Shabestarti (Persian: معجز شبستری-‎‎, Azerbaijani: Mirzə Əli Möcüz-میرزا علی معجز) was an Iranian Azerbaijani poet.	Ali Mojuz	poet
occupation	Steven Amsterdam (born in New York City on January 31, 1966) is an American writer.	Steven Amsterdam	writer
occupation	Kenneth Utt (July 13, 1921 -- January 19, 1994), was an American film producer and unit production manager, notable for producing The Silence of the Lambs, for which he won an Oscar for Best Picture.	Kenneth Utt	film producer
occupation	Yifat Kariv (Hebrew: יפעת קריב‎, born 27 November 1973) is an Israeli politician and social worker.	Yifat Kariv	politician
occupation	Lasse Heje Pedersen (born October 3, 1972) is a Danish financial economist known for his research on liquidity risk and asset pricing.	Lasse Heje Pedersen	economist
occupation	Ray Materick (b. Brantford, Ontario) is a Canadian singer-songwriter, particularly popular in the 1970s, who continues to perform.	Ray Materick	singer-songwriter
occupation	Magnus Samuelsson (born on December 21, 1969), is a Swedish actor, former strongman and winner of the 1998 World's Strongest Man contest in Morocco.	Magnus Samuelsson	actor
occupation	Ian Jeffrey is an English writer and art historian.	Ian Jeffrey	art historian
occupation	Ron Olsen is a veteran cross-platform journalist based in Harford County, Maryland, United States.	Ron Olsen	journalist
occupation	Yeo Ui-son was a Korean civil minister (munsin) and diplomat from the Hamyang Yeo clan during the early period of the Joseon Dynasty.	Yeo Ui-son	diplomat
occupation	Philip Morrow (b. May 23, 1962) is a Northern Irish television producer.	Philip Morrow	television producer
occupation	Jung Ji-woo (also spelled as Chung Ji-woo; born May 7, 1968) is a South Korean film director.	Jung Ji-woo	film director
occupation	Zoe Lister-Jones (born September 1, 1982) is an American actress, singer, playwright, and screenwriter who currently co-stars in the CBS sitcom Life in Pieces.	Zoe Lister-Jones	singer
occupation	D. G. Albert de Silva (commonly known as Albert Silva) was a Sri Lankan politician.	Albert de Silva	politician
occupation	Harlan Cleveland (January 19, 1918 -- May 30, 2008) was an American diplomat, educator, and author.	Harlan Cleveland	diplomat
occupation	Fritz Dreisbach is an American studio glass artist and teacher who is recognized as one of the pioneers of the American Studio Glass Movement.	Fritz Dreisbach	artist
occupation	Jody Harris is an American guitarist, singer, songwriter and composer who was born in Kansas and became a central figure in the seminal No Wave scene in New York City in the 1970s.	Jody Harris	singer	composer
occupation	Laith Al-Juneidi (Arabic: ليث الجنيدي, born December 9, 1978 in Hebron, Palestine), is a Palestinian film director and producer.	Laith Al-Juneidi	film director
occupation	Vanusa (Portuguese pronunciation: (vaˈnuzɐ)) is a Brazilian singer, linked to the Jovem Guarda movement.	Vanusa	singer
occupation	Jean Williams is a British sports historian and author specialising in Women's history; sport and literature; sportswear and motorsport.	Jean Williams	historian
occupation	Augustus William Smith (May 12, 1802 -- March 26, 1866) was an educator, astronomer and mathematician in the mid-19th century.	Augustus William Smith	mathematician
occupation	Juan Meza (born March 18, 1956), also known for his nickname Kid Meza, is a former boxer who was world Super Bantamweight champion.	Juan Meza	boxer
occupation	Steve Bowman (born January 14, 1967) is an American rock drummer and songwriter.	Steve Bowman	songwriter
occupation	Pasi Kytösaho is a Finnish former ski jumper.	Pasi Kytösaho	ski jumper
occupation	Kate Breakey is a visual artist known for her large-scale, richly hand-colored photographs.	Kate Breakey	artist
occupation	Matt Dennis (February 11, 1914 -- June 21, 2002) was an American singer, pianist, band leader, arranger, and writer of music for popular music songs.	Matt Dennis	pianist
occupation	Alwin Max Pappenheimer, Jr. (November 25, 1908 -- March 21, 1995) was an American a biochemist and immunologist.	Alwin Max Pappenheimer, Jr.	biochemist	immunologist
occupation	David Tutera is an American celebrity wedding planner, bridal fashion designer, designer, author and professional speaker.	David Tutera	wedding planner
occupation	L. C. Hayden is an American mystery novelist whose 2006 novel Why Casey Had to Die was a finalist for the Agatha Award for Best Novel.	L. C. Hayden	novelist
occupation	Cecco d'Ascoli (1257 -- September 26, 1327) is the popular name of Francesco degli Stabili (sometimes given as Francesco degli Stabili Cichus), a famous Italian encyclopaedist, physician and poet.	Cecco d'Ascoli	physician	poet
occupation	Doctor Ishaq Jamkhanawala (born January 4, 1930) was an educationist, social worker and politician based in Mumbai.	Ishaq Jamkhanawala	politician
occupation	Charles Alwis Hewavitharana, FRCS, LRCP was a Ceylonese (Sri Lankan) physician who played a significant role in Sri Lanka's Sri Lankan independence movement.	Charles Alwis Hewavitharana	physician
occupation	Nicholas Hondrogen (January 5, 1952 -- February 28, 2007) was an American painter, photographer, sculptor, and filmmaker.	Nicholas Hondrogen	painter
occupation	Louis Pounders is an American architect in Memphis, Tennessee.	Louis Pounders	architect
occupation	Enrico Beruschi (born 5 September 1941) is an Italian comedian, actor, singer and television personality.	Enrico Beruschi	actor	singer
occupation	After a short hiatus Renee Props returned to work as an actor and producer.	Renee Props	actor
occupation	Prakash Sayami (born 21 March 1965) is a Nepali film director, writer and producer.	Prakash Sayami	film director
occupation	Émile-Henri Brunner-Lacoste, a painter of fruit, flowers, and game, and of landscape, genre, and decorative subjects, exhibited frequently at the Paris Salon.	Émile-Henri Brunner-Lacoste	painter
occupation	Mike Hollingshead is an American professional storm chaser, photographer and videographer from Blair, Nebraska.	Mike Hollingshead	photographer
occupation	Ann Colloton is a former competitive swimmer.	Ann Colloton	swimmer
occupation	Elizabeth Searle is an American novelist, short story writer and playwright.	Elizabeth Searle	novelist
occupation	Keira Hewatch, (KEE-ruh, HE-watch born November 8, 1985) is a Nigerian actress, singer, songwriter and writer, best known for her role as ``Keche'' in the movie;	Keira Hewatch	singer
occupation	Barry Tebb is an English poet, publisher and author.	Barry Tebb	poet
occupation	David Esrig (born September 23, 1935 in Haifa) is a Romanian theater director.	David Esrig	director
occupation	Vili Resnik (born November 27, 1963) is a Slovenian rock singer and guitarist.	Vili Resnik	singer
occupation	Raoiriú (also Raoiliú, Raoilinn) was an early Irish missionary, c. 500 AD.	Raoiriú	missionary
occupation	Robert Epstein (born June 19, 1953) is an American psychologist, professor, author, and journalist.	Robert Epstein	psychologist
occupation	Keegan DeWitt (born April 8, 1982) is an American film composer, singer-songwriter and actor raised in Oregon now residing in Brooklyn and Nashville.	Keegan DeWitt	composer	singer-songwriter
occupation	Bree Kristel Clarke is an Australian-born music/celebrity portrait photographer who has starred in VH1 and MTV reality shows.	Bree Kristel Clarke	photographer
occupation	Marshall Green (1916--1998) was a United States diplomat whose career focused on East Asia.	Marshall Green	diplomat
occupation	Urie Bronfenbrenner (April 29, 1917 -- September 25, 2005) was a Russian-born American developmental psychologist who is most known for his ecological systems theory of child development.	Urie Bronfenbrenner	psychologist
occupation	Armand Guillaumin (French: (ɡijomɛ̃); February 16, 1841 -- June 26, 1927) was a French impressionist painter and lithographer.	Armand Guillaumin	painter
occupation	Clèmerson Merlin Clève (born November 21, 1958) is a Brazilian jurist, Law school professor, and lawyer.	Clèmerson Merlin Clève	lawyer
occupation	Candy Johnson (February 8, 1944 -- October 21, 2012) was an American singer and dancer who appeared in several films in the 1960s.	Candy Johnson	singer	dancer
occupation	Gianni Capaldi is a Scottish film and television actor as well as a film and television producer.	Gianni Capaldi	actor
occupation	Danielle McLean, better known by her stage name Lega-C, is a rapper, singer, songwriter, and record producer from Tulsa, Oklahoma.	Lega-C	rapper
occupation	Rich Costey is an American record producer, mixer and engineer, whose credits include Sigur Rós, Frank Turner, Muse, Foster the People, Swirlies and Santigold.	Rich Costey	record producer	engineer
occupation	Mohamed Abdi Mohamed (Gandhi) (Somali: Maxamed Cabdi Maxamed, Arabic: محمد عبدي محمد‎) is a Somali geologist, anthropologist, historian and politician.	Mohamed Abdi Mohamed	anthropologist	historian
occupation	After many years as an actor, Kavinsky's musical career started in 2005 after being inspired by his close friends Jackson Fourgeaud and Quentin Dupieux, the latter director also included Kavinsky's music in his film Steak.	Kavinsky	actor
occupation	Lisa Butler is a prominent make-up artist in the fashion industry.	Lisa Butler	make-up artist
occupation	Philip Kay is a contemporary composer and producer.	Philip Kay	composer
occupation	Francesc Santacruz i Artigas was a Catalan sculptor of Baroque works.	Francesc Santacruz i Artigas	sculptor
occupation	Henry R. Start (December 28, 1845 -- November 7, 1905) was a Vermont lawyer, judge, and politician who served as Speaker of the Vermont House of Representatives and a Judge of the Vermont Supreme Court.	Henry R. Start	lawyer	politician
occupation	Carol Semple (born October 27, 1948) is an American golfer who participated only on the amateur circuit, and never turned pro. Semple was born in Sewickley, Pennsylvania.	Carol Semple	golfer
occupation	Carolina Amor de Fournier (1908--1993) was a Mexican editor, writer and translator.	Carolina Amor de Fournier	writer
occupation	Lyle Lahey (August 23, 1931 -- February 8, 2013) was an American political cartoonist, journalist and the author of the book The Packer Chronicles (News-Chronicle, 1997) Lahey was born in Abrams, Wisconsin.	Lyle Lahey	cartoonist
occupation	Henryk Kowalski (July 2, 1911 - January 24, 1982) was a Polish Jewish violinist and composer.	Henryk Kowalski	composer
occupation	Gordon Raphael is a record producer and musician from Seattle, Washington and New York, currently living in Berlin.	Gordon Raphael	musician
occupation	June Zhu or Zhu Jing (Chinese: 朱婧; born April 18, 1988), born Yue Hanzan (月罕瓒), is a folk singer of Dai ethnicity from Yunnan, China.	Zhu Jing	singer
occupation	Richard Shannon is a writer, performer and speaker.	Richard Shannon	writer
occupation	René Arredondo (born 1961) is a former Mexican professional boxer competing in the welterweight division.	René Arredondo	boxer
occupation	Rojai Trawick, better known as Mista Grimm is a rapper formerly signed to Epic Records' sub-label, 550 Music.	Mista Grimm	rapper
occupation	Jan Strelau (born May 30, 1931, in Free City of Danzig, now Gdańsk, Poland) is a Polish psychologist best known for his studies on temperament.	Jan Strelau	psychologist
occupation	Woodrow Phoenix is a British comics artist, writer, editorial illustrator, graphic designer, font designer and author of children's books.	Woodrow Phoenix	writer
occupation	Frank S. Petersen (June 20, 1922 -- May 23, 2011) was a northern California jurist and politician who represented California's 4th State Senate district from 1963 to 1966 and served as a California Superior Court Judge for Del Norte County from 1966 to 1988.	Frank S. Petersen	politician
occupation	Jochen Mundinger is an entrepreneur and a founder of routeRANK Ltd, a company that allows users to search for travel itineraries with a smaller carbon footprint.	Jochen Mundinger	entrepreneur
occupation	Prakash Koirala (Nepali: प्रकाश कोइराला, pronunciation ) is a Nepalese politician and former minister of Environment, Science and Technology, son of former Nepalese Prime Minister Bishweshwar Prasad Koirala.	Prakash Koirala	politician
occupation	Joseph Donovan is a music producer, engineer, and musician.	Joseph Donovan	engineer
occupation	Rodney William Whitaker (June 12, 1931 -- Dec 14, 2005) was an American film scholar and writer who wrote several successful novels under the pen name Trevanian.	Trevanian	writer
occupation	Bilgin Özçalkan (born 31 December 1977; Üsküdar, İstanbul), also known by his stage name Ceza (pronounced je-ZAH, Turkish for 'punishment'), is a Turkish rapper and songwriter.	Ceza	rapper
occupation	Dean Holland is an American film editor, television director and producer best known for working on Entourage and the comedy shows The Office and Parks and Recreation.	Dean Holland	television director
occupation	Aldo von Pinelli (1913--1967) was an Italian screenwriter, lyricist and film producer.	Aldo von Pinelli	screenwriter	film producer
occupation	Ron Kent is the father of kimono redux artist Elizabeth Kent and novelist Steven L. Kent.	Ron Kent	artist
occupation	Maxime Rooney (born April 16, 1998) is an American competitive swimmer who won the gold medal in the 200 meter freestyle at the 2015 FINA World Junior Swimming Championships in Singapore.	Maxime Rooney	swimmer
occupation	Jackson Gregory (March 12, 1882 -- June 12, 1943) was an American teacher, journalist, and writer.	Jackson Gregory	teacher	journalist	writer
occupation	Ervin Dionté Harris (born July 24, 1991), better known by his stage name Dionté BOOM, is an American rapper-producer.	Dionté BOOM	rapper
occupation	Mike Vensel is an American artist, photographer and fashion designer.	Mike Vensel	artist	photographer
occupation	Jamie Baldridge (born May 24, 1975) is a photographer from Louisiana, USA.	Jamie Baldridge	photographer
occupation	Song Hae (born April 27, 1927) is a South Korean host and singer.	Song Hae	singer
occupation	Bruno della Chiesa (born 7 July 1962) is a linguist of Italian, French and German descent, who describes himself as an ``engaged cosmopolitan''.	Bruno della Chiesa	linguist
occupation	Edward Willis Redfield (December 18, 1869 -- October 19, 1965) was an American Impressionist landscape painter and member of the art colony at New Hope, Pennsylvania.	Edward Willis Redfield	painter
occupation	Ptah-Du-Auu was a nobleman and priest in ancient Egypt, who lived during the 4th dynasty.	Ptah-Du-Auu	priest
occupation	Cristobal Pazmino is an Ecuadorian guitarist and composer.	Cristobal Pazmino	composer
occupation	Chava Koster, the granddaughter of Dutch Holocaust survivors, was the first woman from the Netherlands to be ordained as a rabbi.	Chava Koster	rabbi
occupation	Haji Mussa Kitole is a Zanzibari politician and member of the Jahazi Asilia party.	Haji Mussa Kitole	politician
occupation	J Nathan Bazzel is an American actor, known particularly for his portrayal of Thomas Jefferson.	J Nathan Bazzel	actor
occupation	Carter Smith, (born September 6, 1971) is an American film director and fashion photographer.	Carter Smith	film director	photographer
occupation	Emile de Ruelle (1880-1948) was an American film editor known for his work in the British Film Industry, particularly with Alfred Hitchcock and Ewald André Dupont at British International Pictures.	Emile de Ruelle	film editor
occupation	Tory Burch (born June 17, 1966; née Robinson) is an American fashion designer, businesswoman, and philanthropist, who has won several fashion awards for her designs.	Tory Burch	fashion designer	philanthropist
occupation	Vic Polizos (born August 12, 1947) is an American actor of film and television who has appeared in over 100 films and television programs.	Vic Polizos	actor
occupation	Adria Bernardi is an American novelist and translator.	Adria Bernardi	translator
occupation	Shirley Brown (born January 6, 1947, West Memphis, Arkansas) is an American soul singer, best known for her million-selling single ``Woman to Woman'', which was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1975.	Shirley Brown	singer
occupation	Josiah Edward Spurr (1870--1950) was an American geologist, explorer, and author.	Josiah Edward Spurr	explorer
occupation	Matthew Lyon (July 14, 1749 -- August 1, 1822) was an Irish-born American printer, farmer, soldier and politician, serving as a United States Representative from both Vermont and Kentucky.	Matthew Lyon	politician
occupation	Ralph Read is a Pentecostal Christian pastor in the Assemblies of God and was the Superintendent of the Assemblies of God in Australia from 1969 to 1977.	Ralph Read	pastor
occupation	Sabine Lautenschläger (born 3 June 1964) is a German jurist and central banker.	Sabine Lautenschläger	jurist
occupation	Amrom Harry Katz (August 15, 1915 -- February 10, 1997) was an American physicist who specialized in aerial reconnaissance.	Amrom Harry Katz	physicist
occupation	Alan Milburn (born 27 January 1958) is a British Labour politician who was Member of Parliament (MP) for Darlington from 1992 to 2010.	Alan Milburn	politician
occupation	Ralph Manza (born December 1, 1921 - January 31, 2000) was an American television and film character actor.	Ralph Manza	actor
occupation	Bill Estabrooks (born July 26, 1947) is a retired Canadian educator and politician from Nova Scotia.	Bill Estabrooks	politician
occupation	Enos Mdlongwa, is a Zimbabwean politician and was mayor of Bulawayo from 1983 to 1985.	Enos Mdlongwa	politician
occupation	Finn Peters is a flautist and saxophonist.	Finn Peters	saxophonist
occupation	Martin S. Weinberg (born 1939) is an American sociologist whose work frequently involves human sexuality.	Martin S. Weinberg	sociologist
occupation	'Jackie Chan Hiu-ki, also known as Kellyjackie, 'is a Hong Kong pop singer and a former member of a band called the Royals.	Kellyjackie	singer
occupation	Tomás Carrasquilla Naranjo (1858 -- 1940) was a Colombian writer who lived in the Antioquia region.	Tomás Carrasquilla	writer
occupation	Christian Caryl is an American journalist who is widely published in international politics and foreign affairs.	Christian Caryl	journalist
occupation	Andre Gunder Frank (February 24, 1929 -- April 23, 2005) was a German-American economic historian and sociologist who promoted dependency theory after 1970 and world-systems theory after 1984.	Andre Gunder Frank	sociologist
occupation	Rob Schamberger is an American painter, best known for his portraiture of professional wrestlers.	Rob Schamberger	painter
occupation	John Ries Bartels (November 8, 1897 -- February 13, 1997) was a United States federal judge for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York.	John Ries Bartels	judge
occupation	Per Sunderland (October 9, 1924 -- June 4, 2012) was a Norwegian stage actor and film actor.	Per Sunderland	actor
occupation	Yen Chia-kan (Chinese: 嚴家淦; pinyin: Yán Jiāgàn; October 23, 1905 -- December 24, 1993), also known as C. K. Yen, was a Taiwanese politician.	Yen Chia-kan	politician
occupation	Lenne Hardt (born May 10) is a voice actress and ring announcer for Japanese mixed martial arts organizations including DREAM, ONE Championship, the now-defunct PRIDE Fighting Championships, as well as Glory World Series.	Lenne Hardt	ring announcer
occupation	Niccolò Fortebraccio (1375--1435), also known as Niccolò della Stella, was an Italian condottiero.	Niccolò Fortebraccio	condottiero
occupation	Sofie Formica is an Australian television presenter and actress, currently hosting the information show The Great South East.	Sofie Formica	television presenter
occupation	Guillermo Mercado Romero is a Mexican politician who served as the Governor of Baja California Sur from 1993 to 1999.	Guillermo Mercado Romero	politician
occupation	Ben Pollack (June 22, 1903 -- June 7, 1971) was an American drummer and bandleader from the mid-1920s through the swing era.	Ben Pollack	bandleader
occupation	Sonia Sarfati (born May 29, 1960) is a Canadian author and journalist born in France and living in Quebec.	Sonia Sarfati	journalist
occupation	Tasha Smith (born February 28, 1971) is an American actress, comedian and model.	Tasha Smith	model
occupation	John Christian Frederick Heyer (July 10, 1793 - November 7, 1873) was the first missionary sent abroad by Lutherans in the United States.	John Christian Frederick Heyer	missionary
occupation	Joseph Ruttenberg, A.S.C. (July 4, 1889 - May 1, 1983) was a Russian-born American photojournalist and cinematographer.	Joseph Ruttenberg	photojournalist	cinematographer
occupation	Monique Bosco (June 8, 1927 -- May 27, 2007) was an Austrian-born Canadian journalist and writer.	Monique Bosco	writer
occupation	Read Morgan (born January 30, 1931) is an American former actor whose longest-running role was as a United States Army cavalry officer in the 1960-1961 season of The Deputy.	Read Morgan	actor
occupation	Kurt Reifler is an American entrepreneur, multi-instrumentalist, singer, and songwriter.	Kurt Reifler	singer, and songwriter
occupation	Stevie Meyer is a South African rugby league player for the Bloemfontein Roosters.	Stevie Meyer	rugby league player
occupation	Chaim Yehoshua Halberstam (Hebrew: חיים יהושע הלבערשטאם‎), also known as Chaim Shia Halberstam, is a Hasidic Jewish rabbi and the Grand Rabbi of the Satmar community in Monsey, New York.	Chaim Yehoshua Halberstam	rabbi
occupation	Stephanie Rothman (born November 9, 1936 Paterson, New Jersey) is an American film director, producer and screenwriter, known for her low-budget independent exploitation films made in the 1960s and 1970s, especially The Student Nurses (1970) and Terminal Island (1974).	Stephanie Rothman	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Hubert Gagnon is an actor in the Canadian province of Quebec.	Hubert Gagnon	actor
occupation	Kenichi Fukui (福井 謙一 Fukui Ken'ichi, October 4, 1918 -- January 9, 1998) was a Japanese chemist.	Kenichi Fukui	chemist
occupation	Carol Gilligan (/ˈɡɪlɪɡən/; born November 28, 1936) is an American feminist, ethicist, and psychologist best known for her work on ethical community and ethical relationships, and certain subject-object problems in ethics.	Carol Gilligan	psychologist
occupation	Zulfiya Chinshanlo (Kazakh: Зүлфия Чиншанло; Russian: Зульфия Чиншанло; Chinese: 赵常玲) is a Kazakh weightlifter.	Zulfiya Chinshanlo	weightlifter
occupation	Roger Ludlow (1590--1664) was an English lawyer, magistrate, military officer, and colonist.	Roger Ludlow	lawyer
occupation	Doug Fine is an American author, journalist, humorist, and goat herder.	Doug Fine	author	journalist
occupation	Mohammad Siddikur Rahman (Bengali: মোহাম্মদ সিদ্দিকুর রহমান) (born 20 November 1984) is a Bangladeshi professional golfer who plays on the Asian Tour.	Siddikur Rahman	golfer
occupation	Wang Chuanjun (simplified Chinese: 王传君; traditional Chinese: 王傳君; pinyin: Wāng Chuánjūn; born 18 October 1985) also known as Eric Wang is a Chinese actor and host.	Wang Chuanjun	actor
occupation	In his time in the Twin Cities M.anifest learnt to adopt the do-it-yourself credo and the know-how in becoming an independent musician.	M.anifest	musician
occupation	Sherry Ross (born c. 1954) is an American sports broadcaster and journalist, currently working alongside Matt Loughlin as a color commentator for the NHL's New Jersey Devils radio broadcasts.	Sherry Ross	color commentator
occupation	Odille Morison (July 17, 1855--1933) was a linguist, artifact collector, and community leader from the Tsimshian First Nation of northwestern British Columbia, Canada.	Odille Morison	linguist
occupation	Daf Hobson BSC, (born Dafydd Llewelyn Hobson 1951 in Lancashire) is an English cinematographer.	Daf Hobson	cinematographer
occupation	Maire Aunaste (née Ütt, born November 7, 1953) is an Estonian journalist.	Maire Aunaste	journalist
occupation	Freddie Little (born April 25, 1936) is a retired American light middleweight boxer.	Freddie Little	boxer
occupation	Blake Clark (born February 2, 1946) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, voice artist, comedian, perhaps best known as Chet Hunter on Boy Meets World and Harry ``the Hardware Store Guy'' on Home Improvement.	Blake Clark	actor
occupation	William Pell (August 16, 1947 -- July 26, 2003) was an American opera singer who had a major international career during the 1980s and 1990s.	William Pell	opera singer
occupation	Hugh Latimer Dryden (July 2, 1898 -- December 2, 1965) was an American aeronautical scientist and civil servant.	Hugh Latimer Dryden	scientist
occupation	Geraldine Ssali Busuulwa is a Ugandan accountant, mathematician and business administrator.	Geraldine Ssali Busuulwa	accountant	mathematician
occupation	Bart van Leeuwen (Amsterdam, 1950) is a Dutch photographer and author.	Bart van Leeuwen	photographer
occupation	Nayyara Noor (Urdu: نیرہ نور ‎) is a Pakistani playback singer who is considered to be one of South Asia's popular film songs playback singer and a stage performer in the live ghazal singing concerts on Pakistan TV shows or in concert halls in the country mainly active from 1971-2012.	Nayyara Noor	singer
occupation	Robert V. Taylor (born c. 1958 in Cape Town, South Africa) is a priest in the Episcopal Church USA and an activist for social justice.	Robert V. Taylor	priest
occupation	Jerry verDorn (born November 23, 1949) is an American soap opera actor, best known for his role as Ross Marler in Guiding Light and Clint Buchanan in One Life to Live.	Jerry verDorn	actor
occupation	Mlle Guerin (born c. 1739, fl. 1755) was a French composer.	Mlle Guerin	composer
occupation	The Baseggio Family included wood sculptors, painter, and an architect active mainly near Rovigo.	Baseggio Family	painter
occupation	Elkan Rex Makin, usually known as Rex Makin, is a solicitor and philanthropist who has practised in Liverpool, England, for over sixty years.	Rex Makin	solicitor
occupation	Brett Budgeon is an Australian sportsman and stage actor, best known for his leading roles in musical theatre and Cabaret performances.	Brett Budgeon	actor
occupation	Ney González Sánchez (born January 25, 1963) is a Mexican politician and the former Governor of Nayarit (2005--September 18, 2011).	Ney González Sánchez	politician
occupation	Tom Jans (February 9, 1948 -- March 25, 1984) was an American folk singer-songwriter and guitarist from San Jose, California.	Tom Jans	singer-songwriter	guitarist
occupation	Henry Watkins Allen (April 29, 1820 -- April 22, 1866) was an American soldier and politician, and a general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War.	Henry Watkins Allen	politician
occupation	Bruce Broughton (born March 8, 1945) is an American film, video game, and television soundtrack composer who has composed several highly acclaimed soundtracks over his extensive career.	Bruce Broughton	composer
occupation	Andrés Quintana, O.F.M. (November 27, 1777 -- October 12, 1812) was a Spanish missionary who labored at Mission Santa Cruz in California during the early part of the 19th century.	Andrés Quintana	missionary
occupation	George Buck Flower (October 28, 1937 -- June 18, 2004) was an American actor, writer, producer, assistant director, production manager, and casting director.	George Buck Flower	actor
occupation	Clara H. Scott (December 3, 1841 -- June 21, 1897) was an American composer, hymnwriter and publisher.	Clara H. Scott	composer
occupation	Augusto Amador is an American politician who has been a member of the Municipal Council of Newark, New Jersey since 1998.	Augusto Amador	politician
occupation	Edward Octavian Cuthbert (December 3, 1826 -- July 28, 1890) was a Quebec politician of independent means.	Edward Octavian Cuthbert	politician
occupation	John Luther Adams (born January 23, 1953) is an American composer whose music is inspired by nature, especially the landscapes of Alaska where he lived from 1978 to 2014 (Garland 2007).	John Luther Adams	composer
occupation	Albert Markov (born May 8, 1933, Ukraine) is a Russian American violinist, whose son is violin virtuoso Alexander Markov.	Albert Markov	violinist
occupation	Voltairine de Cleyre (November 17, 1866 -- June 20, 1912) was an American anarchist writer and feminist.	Voltairine de Cleyre	writer
occupation	Lynn Walford is a Los Angeles writer, editor, copywriter and author.	Lynn Walford	writer
occupation	Vyacheslav Zherebkin (Russian: Вячеслав Жеребкин, Vyacheslav Zherebkin) (born August 30, 1968 in Domodedovo, Moscow oblast, USSR) is a Russian singer who rose to popularity as member of the Russian band Na Na.	Vyacheslav Zherebkin	singer
occupation	Sanford Jackson (born in Port Arthur, now Thunder Bay, Ontario) was a prominent Canadian biochemist.	Sanford Jackson	biochemist
occupation	Rochelle Huppin is an American chef, restaurateur and small business owner with projects based in Chicago, Illinois, and Culver City, California.	Rochelle Huppin	chef	restaurateur
occupation	Li Kaixian (Chinese: 李开先) was a Chinese writer, playwright and literary critic of the Ming Dynasty.	Li Kaixian	playwright
occupation	Susan Nirah Jaffee is an American screenwriter and television producer, primary working on sit-coms, and, as at 2007, serving as a writer and producer for Desperate Housewives.	Susan Nirah Jaffee	screenwriter
occupation	Jamie Greubel Poser (born November 9, 1983) née Greubel is an American bobsledder who won her first Bobsleigh World Cup medal in December 2012.	Jamie Greubel	bobsledder
occupation	Iain Weaver (born 17 January 1990) is an English professional boxer who turned professional in May 2012.	Iain Weaver	boxer
occupation	Michael Easton (born February 15, 1967) is an American television actor, poet, author and photographer.	Michael Easton	actor
occupation	Harold L. Stuart was a prominent American financier of the early 20th century, and founder of the investment firm Halsey, Stuart & Co..	Harold L. Stuart	financier
occupation	Zmago Jelinčič Plemeniti (born on January 7, 1948) is a Slovenian nationalist politician and author.	Zmago Jelinčič Plemeniti	politician
occupation	Major Nawab Sayyid Zulfikar Ali Khan Bahadur (11 March 1933 -- 5 April 1992) was an Indian politician and army officer who ruled as Titular Nawab of Rampur from 1982 to 1992, succeeding his elder brother Murtaza Ali Khan Bahadur.	Zulfikar Ali Khan	politician
occupation	Sabahattin Ali (February 25, 1907 -- April 2, 1948) was a Turkish novelist, short-story writer, poet, and journalist.	Sabahattin Ali	writer
occupation	Antonio Giarola or Gerola, known as Cavalier Coppa was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.	Antonio Giarola	painter
occupation	Lowell Mick White is an American fiction writer living in Texas whose work focuses on the changing relationships between physical place and the individual.	Lowell Mick White	writer
occupation	Adeodato Malatesta (May 6, 1806 -- December 24, 1891) was an Italian painter, trained in a grand Neoclassical style, depicting mostly of sacred and historic subjects.	Adeodato Malatesta	painter
occupation	Michael Röckner is a mathematician working in the fields of Probability Theory, Analysis and Mathematical Physics.	Michael Röckner	mathematician
occupation	Ben Mingay is an Australian actor and singer, perhaps best known for having played Buzz Graham in the series Packed to the Rafters and Rob Duffy in Wonderland.	Ben Mingay	singer
occupation	Audius Mtawarira, is a multi-ARIA Award winning Australian record producer, composer, artist and songwriter more commonly known as ``Audius''.	Audius Mtawarira	record producer	songwriter
occupation	Vimbayi Kajese is a Zimbabwean journalist who first came to international attention as a news presenter for China Central Television's CCTV-9 from 2009-2011.	Vimbayi Kajese	journalist
occupation	Larry Chance (born October 19, 1940) is an American musical artist, and the lead singer of the popular 1960s doo wop group Larry Chance and the Earls, originally known as The Earls.	Larry Chance	singer
occupation	Karan Razdan (born 1961) is an Indian actor, writer and director, who works for Bollywood.	Karan Razdan	actor
occupation	Paula Jean Myers-Pope (November 11, 1934 -- July 15, 1995) was a diver and Olympic medalist from LaVerne, California.	Paula Jean Myers-Pope	diver
occupation	Vladimir Vidrić aka Vidra (April 20, 1875 -- September 29, 1909) was a Croatian poet.	Vladimir Vidrić	poet
occupation	Naima Mora (born March 1, 1984) is an American fashion model and the winner of Cycle 4 of America's Next Top Model.	Naima Mora	model
occupation	Kara Goucher (born Kara Grgas on July 9, 1978) is an American long-distance runner.	Kara Goucher	long-distance runner
occupation	Alison Steele (born Ceil Loman on January 26, 1937; died September 27, 1995) was a pioneering American disc jockey in Manhattan at what would become the archetypal progressive rock radio station in the United States, WNEW-FM 102.7.	Alison Steele	disc jockey
occupation	Cynthia Elbaum (March 19, 1966 -- December 22, 1994) was an American photojournalist, killed in Chechnya.	Cynthia Elbaum	photojournalist
occupation	Sandy Welch is a British television writer and screenwriter.	Sandy Welch	screenwriter
occupation	Raymond Reiter (June 12, 1939 -- September 16, 2002), was a Canadian computer scientist and logician.	Raymond Reiter	computer scientist
occupation	Shubhraj Bhat (Hindi: शुभराज भट, born July 29, 1991 in Mumbai) is an Indian actor and voice actor.	Shubhraj Bhat	actor
occupation	Harry Kondoleon was a gay American playwright and novelist.	Harry Kondoleon	playwright	novelist
occupation	Kate Sikora is an American singer songwriter from New Jersey.	Kate Sikora	songwriter
occupation	Francesco Bartolomeo Conti (20 January 1681 or 1682 -- July 1732) was an Italian composer and player of the mandolin and theorbo.	Francesco Bartolomeo Conti	composer
occupation	Heinrich Schenker (June 19, 1868 -- January 14, 1935) was a composer, pianist, music critic, music teacher, and music theorist, best known for his approach to musical analysis, now usually called Schenkerian analysis.	Heinrich Schenker	composer	music theorist
occupation	Naomi Phoenix is an English singer-songwriter from Warwick, who had several releases between 1997 and 1999 on Gut under the alias 'Naomi'.	Naomi Phoenix	singer-songwriter
occupation	Decriannus was the official architect of the Roman emperor Hadrian, who repaired the Egyptian city of Alexandria.	Decriannus	architect
occupation	Bobby McGrath is an American professional pool player from Washington, Illinois, nicknamed ``the Kid'' for being one of the youngest professional pool players.	Bobby McGrath	pool player
occupation	Harlan J. Brothers is an inventor, composer, mathematician, and educator based in Branford, Connecticut.	Harlan J. Brothers	mathematician
occupation	Gillis van Coninxloo (now also referred to as Gillis van Coninxloo II but previously referred to as Gillis van Coninxloo III) (24 January 1544 -- January 1607) was a Flemish painter of landscapes who played an important role in the development of Northern landscape art at the turn of the 17th century.	Gillis van Coninxloo	painter
occupation	Lopamudra Mitra (Bengali: লোপামুদ্রা মিত্র) is a Kolkata-based prominent Rabindra Sangeet and modern Bengali singer-songwriter.	Lopamudra Mitra	singer
occupation	Predrag Zimonjić (born October 15, 1970 in Belgrade) is a Serbian water polo player who played for FR Yugoslavia at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1996.	Predrag Zimonjić	water polo player
occupation	Ramm Hansen (July 22, 1879--December 30, 1971) was an early to mid-20th-century Norwegian born, American architect.	Ramm Hansen	architect
occupation	Avram Noam Chomsky (/ˈnoʊm ˈtʃɒmski/; born December 7, 1928) is an American linguist, philosopher, cognitive scientist, historian, logician, social critic, and political activist.	Noam Chomsky	linguist	philosopher
occupation	Frank Sesno is an award-winning American journalist, former CNN correspondent, anchor and Washington bureau chief, and director of the School of Media and Public Affairs at The George Washington University.	Frank Sesno	journalist
occupation	Polly Lauder Tunney (born Mary Josephine Lauder; April 24, 1907 -- April 12, 2008) was an American philanthropist and Connecticut socialite.	Polly Lauder Tunney	socialite
occupation	Andrew Spagrud (born November 2, 1985 in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan) is a basketball player from Canada, who played for the University of Saskatchewan Huskies in Saskatoon.	Andrew Spagrud	basketball player
occupation	Fernando López Arias (August 8, 1905 -- July 3, 1978) was a Mexican politician and the former governor of Veracruz.	Fernando López Arias	politician
occupation	Laurence Tubiana (born 1951) is a French economist and diplomat.	Laurence Tubiana	economist
occupation	Hamza Akbar (Urdu:حمزه اكبر ; born 1993) is a Pakistani snooker player who won the 31st Asian Snooker Championship held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia in 2015.	Hamza Akbar	snooker player
occupation	Noah Scalin (born June 2, 1972) is an American artist, known for his creation of the award winning Skull-A-Day art project weblog.	Noah Scalin	artist
occupation	Rúnar Rúnarsson is an Icelandic screenwriter and director.	Rúnar Rúnarsson	screenwriter
occupation	Robert James ``Bob''/``Gino'' Marella (June 4, 1937 -- October 6, 1999), better known by his ring name of Gorilla Monsoon, was an American professional wrestler, play-by-play commentator, and booker.	Gorilla Monsoon	professional wrestler
occupation	Giuseppe Rinvolucri was an Italian engineer and architect, the designer of the ``extraordinary parabolic-arched Roman Catholic church at Amlwch'' on the isle of Anglesey, Our Lady Star of the Sea and St Winefride.	Giuseppe Rinvolucri	architect
occupation	Ruth Gordon Jones (October 30, 1896 -- August 28, 1985), better known as Ruth Gordon, was an American film, stage, and television actress, as well as screenwriter and playwright.	Ruth Gordon	screenwriter	playwright
occupation	James Anthony Pearson (born 1981 in Rochdale, Greater Manchester) is a British actor who lives in Glasgow.	James Anthony Pearson	actor
occupation	Ingrid Scholz is a retired German rower who won a gold, a silver and a bronze medal at the European championships of 1953--1957.	Ingrid Scholz	rower
occupation	Homer Banks (August 2, 1941 -- April 3, 2003) was an African-American songwriter, singer and record producer, best known for his songs for Stax Records in the 1960s and 1970s.	Homer Banks	songwriter
occupation	Brian Yang (October 28, 1973) is an American actor and producer, most known for his role as ``Charlie Fong'' on Hawaii Five-0.	Brian Yang	actor
occupation	Carolyn Cooke (born on Mount Desert Island, Maine) is an American short story writer and novelist.	Carolyn Cooke	novelist
occupation	Dan Amboyer (born December 28, 1985) is an American actor, best known for his starring role as Prince William of Wales in the 2011 Hallmark Channel original film William & Catherine:	Dan Amboyer	actor
occupation	Thad Altman (born September 8, 1955) is a Republican politician who currently serves as a member of the Florida Senate, representing the 24th District from 2008 to 2012, and the 16th District, which stretches from Cocoa Beach to Sebastian, since 2012.	Thad Altman	politician
occupation	Benita Farmer (born September 26, 1975 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American gospel singer, songwriter, musician and instructor.	Benita Farmer	songwriter	musician
occupation	Alison Aprhys is an Australian journalist currently on staff as the senior property writer at the Geelong Advertiser, a regional daily newspaper.	Alison Aprhys	journalist
occupation	John Kurzweg (born September 5, 1960) is an American record producer and musician who first became known for his work with successful post-grunge band Creed in the late 1990s and early 2000s.	John Kurzweg	record producer	musician
occupation	John Marshall Harlan (June 1, 1833 -- October 14, 1911) was an American lawyer and politician from Kentucky who served as an associate justice on the U.S. Supreme Court.	John Marshall Harlan	lawyer
occupation	Pat Cougevan (born July 13, 1971 in Penn Yan, New York) is a lacrosse player for the Rochester Knighthawks in the National Lacrosse League.	Pat Cougevan	lacrosse player
occupation	Da Ruan (阮达 September 10, 1960 -- July 31, 2011) was a Chinese-Belgian mathematician, scientist, professor.	Da Ruan	mathematician
occupation	Engenim d'Urre de Valentinès was a troubadour, possibly from Eurre.	Engenim d'Urre de Valentinès	troubadour
occupation	Oswald John Frederick Crawfurd (1834--1909) was an English journalist, man of letters, and diplomat who served over 24 years as British consul in Oporto, Portugal.	Oswald John Frederick Crawfurd	journalist
occupation	Tevis Clyde Smith, Jr. (1908--1984) was an American historian, fantasy writer, poet and amateur publisher, best known for his association with Robert E. Howard.	Tevis Clyde Smith	historian
occupation	Amílcar Méndez Urízar is a Guatemalan human rights activist and former Congressman (1996--2000).	Amílcar Méndez Urízar	human rights activist
occupation	Katya Wyeth (b. January 1, 1948) is a German-born model and actress notable for her roles in several classic horror films of the 1960s and '70s.	Katya Wyeth	model
occupation	Jerry London (born January 21, 1947) is an American television director and producer.	Jerry London	television director
occupation	Joe Lisi (born September 9, 1950), also credited as Joe Lissi, is an American television actor.	Joe Lisi	television actor
occupation	Bertrand Bitz is a Swiss singer and songwriter, born on March 2, 1978 in Nax (Valais).	Bertrand Bitz	singer
occupation	Francis Jameson Parker Jr. (born November 18, 1947) is an American actor, best known for his role of A.J. Simon on the 1980s television series Simon & Simon.	Jameson Parker	actor
occupation	Hallie Todd (born Hallie Eckstein; January 7, 1962) is an American actress, producer and writer, known for her roles as Penny Waters on Brothers and as Jo McGuire on Lizzie McGuire.	Hallie Todd	writer
occupation	Crawford Merkel is an American bobsledder who competed in the 1930s.	Crawford Merkel	bobsledder
occupation	Géza Röhrig (Hungarian: Röhrig Géza; born May 11, 1967) is a Hungarian actor and poet.	Géza Röhrig	actor	poet
occupation	Halfdan Hussey is the Director and Co-Founder of Cinequest Inc and the CEO of Cinequest Maverick Studio LLC. He is the author of To The Dogs and 7 Powers of Creating and the film director and producer of Life is Love and Seizing Me.	Halfdan Hussey	film director
occupation	Bobb Hopkins, also known as Santa Fe Bo, is an American writer, director, actor, and producer.	Bobb Hopkins	actor
occupation	John E. Franz is an organic chemist who discovered the herbicide glyphosate while working at Monsanto Company in 1970.	John E. Franz	chemist
occupation	Richard Schell (May 15, 1810 -- November 10, 1879) was an American politician who represented New York in the United States House of Representatives from 1874 to 1875.	Richard Schell	politician
occupation	William D. Foster, sometimes referred to as Bill Foster (1884--1940), was a pioneering African-American film producer who was an influential figure in the Black film industry in the early 20th century, along with others such as Oscar Micheaux laying the groundwork for the modern black film industry.	William D. Foster	film producer
occupation	Julio Medaglia is a composer, arranger, and conductor.	Julio Medaglia	composer	conductor
occupation	Julian Mendelsohn is an Australian record producer, audio engineer and mixer.	Julian Mendelsohn	record producer	audio engineer
occupation	Péter Szényi (born 18 March 2013) is a Hungarian épée fencer, team world champion in 2013.	Péter Szényi	fencer
occupation	Corin Nelsen is a Grammy Award-winning recording engineer and music producer.	Corin Nelsen	engineer
occupation	Guy Kawasaki (born August 30, 1954) is an American marketing executive, specifically in California's Silicon Valley.	Guy Kawasaki	marketing
occupation	Gus Trikonis (born November 21, 1937) is an American actor, dancer and director.	Gus Trikonis	actor
occupation	Aguila Saleh Issa (Arabic : عقيلة صالح عيسى; born 1944) is a Libyan jurist and politician who has been President of the Libyan Council of Deputies since 5 August 2014.	Aguila Saleh Issa	politician
occupation	Chantal Bolivar is a French born fashion model and Entertainment Television Host.	Chantal Bolivar	model
occupation	Brett Moyer (born January 1, 1984) of Ridley Park, Pennsylvania is a professional lacrosse player for the Philadelphia Wings in the National Lacrosse League, and the Denver Outlaws in the Major League Lacrosse.	Brett Moyer	lacrosse player
occupation	Justin Eilers (June 28, 1978 -- December 25, 2008) was an American professional mixed martial artist, formerly with the UFC, WEC and EliteXC.	Justin Eilers	mixed martial artist
occupation	Brent Olson is a writer living near Clinton, Minnesota.	Brent Olson	writer
occupation	Ignacy Zaborowski (1754--1803) was a Polish mathematician and geodesist;	Ignacy Zaborowski	mathematician
occupation	Her daughter, who was almost the same age as Pauline Gotter, was the first love of the philosopher Friedrich Wilhelm Schelling, a rising star in Jena's intellectual world, and a passionate follower of Johann Gottlieb Fichte.	Pauline Gotter	philosopher
occupation	Ross Piper is a British zoologist and author of a number of books.	Ross Piper	zoologist
occupation	José Correa González (December 27, 1980 - April 23, 2015) was a Puerto Rican professional boxer in the Welterweight division.	José Correa	boxer
occupation	Olivier Danvy is a French computer scientist specializing in programming languages, partial evaluation, and continuations at the University of Aarhus in Denmark.	Olivier Danvy	computer scientist
occupation	Mark Gordon (born October 10, 1956) is an American television and film producer.	Mark Gordon	film producer
occupation	Isaac Opus is a R&B and hip-hop record producer and singer who was born in Miami and was raised in Fort Lauderdale.	Isaac Opus	record producer
occupation	In Lives of the Eminent Philosophers, Diogenes Laertius, a philosopher of the 3rd century AD, lists Periander as one of these seven sages.	Periander	philosopher
occupation	Vilém Flusser (May 12, 1920 -- November 27, 1991) was a Czech-born philosopher, writer and journalist.	Vilém Flusser	philosopher	writer	journalist
occupation	Steffan ``Mr. Wiggles'' Clemente is a street dancer, noted for his popping skills.	Mr. Wiggles	dancer
occupation	John Ingvard Kjargaard (September 13, 1902 -- July 31, 1992) was an American painter, printmaker and collage artist.	John Ingvard Kjargaard	painter	artist
occupation	William Hirstein is an American philosopher primarily interested in philosophy of mind, philosophy of language, metaphysics, cognitive science, and analytic philosophy.	William Hirstein	philosopher
occupation	Judah ben Nathan, also referred to by the Hebrew acronym RIBaN, was a gifted French rabbi and commentator on the Talmud in the eleventh to twelfth century, best known for being the son-in-law and pupil of the great commentator Rashi, and to a great extent his continuator.	Judah ben Nathan	rabbi
occupation	Linn Thomas (also known as Lynn Thomas) (born January 21, 1976 in Newport News, Virginia, United States) is an American erotic model.	Linn Thomas	model
occupation	Alfredo De Vido is an architect and author in New York City.	Alfredo De Vido	architect
occupation	Kay Goebel is a counseling psychologist in Oklahoma City.	Kay Goebel	psychologist
occupation	Cameron Stracher is a writer, law professor, and media lawyer.	Cameron Stracher	lawyer
occupation	Regina Miller (born October 6, 1962) is the current head women's basketball coach at University of Illinois at Chicago.	Regina Miller	basketball coach
occupation	Susan Howe (born June 10, 1937) is an American poet, scholar, essayist and critic, who has been closely associated with the Language poets, among others poetry movements.	Susan Howe	poet
occupation	Christine Kittrell (August 11, 1929 -- December 19, 2001) was an American R&B singer, who first recorded tracks in 1951 with Louis Brooks and his Band.	Christine Kittrell	singer
occupation	Murray Favro (born December 24, 1940) is a Canadian sculptor who lives in London, Ontario.	Murray Favro	sculptor
occupation	Antwaun Stanley is an American R&B singer and songwriter based in Ann Arbor, Michigan.	Antwaun Stanley	singer and songwriter
occupation	Ángel Manuel Rodríguez (19??--) is a Seventh-day Adventist theologian and director of the Biblical Research Institute (BRI).	Ángel Manuel Rodríguez	theologian
occupation	Benjamin Darvill (born January 4, 1967), known by his stage name Son of Dave, is a Canadian musician and singer--songwriter, based in the United Kingdom.	Son of Dave	musician	singer
occupation	Seth Jordan (SJ), born on July 16, 1975 in Queens, New York is an American composer and songwriter.	Seth Jordan	composer
occupation	Im Ha-ryong (born Im Han-yong on October 31, 1952) is a South Korean actor and comedian.	Im Ha-ryong	actor
occupation	Morgan McCammon (September 20, 1922 -- November 20, 1999) was a Canadian lawyer and businessman.	Morgan McCammon	lawyer
occupation	Candice Farmer (born c. 1970) is an underwater fashion and beauty photographer, based in Uckfield, England.	Candice Farmer	photographer
occupation	Franz Wilhelm Seiwert (March 9, 1894 -- July 3, 1933) was a German painter and sculptor in a constructivist style.	Franz Wilhelm Seiwert	painter	sculptor
occupation	António dos Santos Graça (1882--1956) was a Portuguese ethnologist, journalist and politician notable for the study and preservation of Poveiro culture, history, and folklore.	António dos Santos Graça	journalist
occupation	Dmitry Liss (born 1960) is a Russian conductor considered to be one of the greatest European conductors of his generation.	Dmitry Liss	conductor
occupation	Kay Laurell (June 28, 1890 -- January 31, 1927) was an American stage and silent film actress and model.	Kay Laurell	model
occupation	Ruth Sawyer (August 5, 1880 -- June 3, 1970), was an American storyteller and a writer of fiction and non-fiction for children and adults.	Ruth Sawyer	writer
occupation	John Garrie, later known as John Garrie Roshi (May 18, 1923 -- September 22, 1998), was a British actor who later became a respected teacher of Zen Buddhism.	John Garrie	actor
occupation	Grandson Shaun Berry Oakley is a musician in training in Florida.	Berry Oakley	musician
occupation	Richard Boly is a former career U.S. diplomat and former Director of the Office of eDiplomacy, an applied technology think tank for the U.S. Department of State.	Richard Boly	diplomat
occupation	Steven C. Krane (January 20, 1957 -- June 22, 2010) was an American lawyer who was, at age 44, the youngest president of the New York State Bar Association, and died at the age of 53.	Steven C. Krane	lawyer
occupation	Jason Nett is a Canadian composer, producer, and guitarist born in New Westminster, British Columbia.	Jason Nett	composer
occupation	John F. Amodeo (born August 1, 1950) is an American Republican politician, who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from January 8, 2008, until January 14, 2014, where he represented the 2nd Legislative District.	John F. Amodeo	politician
occupation	Cory Edwards (born August 21, 1968) is an American film director, screenwriter, and stand-up comedian.	Cory Edwards	screenwriter
occupation	Philip Castle (born 1942 in Yorkshire, England), is a British airbrush artist.	Philip Castle	artist
occupation	Said Hassan Shire (Somali: Siciid Xasan Shire, Arabic: سعيد حسن شاير‎) is a Somalian politician.	Said Hassan Shire	politician
occupation	Emily Arnold McCully (born July 1, 1939) is an American writer and illustrator who is best known for children's books.	Emily Arnold McCully	writer
occupation	David Williamson Carroll (March 11, 1816 -- June 24, 1905) was a prominent Arkansas politician who served in Confederate Army and then the Confederate States Congress during the American Civil War.	David Williamson Carroll	politician
occupation	Mark McKenzie is an American film composer and orchestrator.	Mark McKenzie	composer
occupation	Maurizio Guarini is a self-taught keyboardist, multi-instrumentalist and composer, best known as a member of the progressive rock band Goblin.	Maurizio Guarini	composer
occupation	Simon Wakelin is a British photojournalist working in Los Angeles, California.	Simon Wakelin	photojournalist
occupation	Kevin McCloud MBE (born 8 May 1959) is a British designer, writer and television presenter best known for his work on the Channel 4 series Grand Designs, which he has presented since its debut in April 1999 and his residential housing development company HAB Housing.	Kevin McCloud	designer	writer	presenter
occupation	Najaf Abbas Khan Sial (Urdu: نجف عباس خان سیال‎) is a politician elected from Jhang, Punjab, Pakistan.	Najaf Abbas Khan Sial	politician
occupation	Cass Edwards is a UK-based tenpin bowler turned sports broadcaster and journalist.	Cass Edwards	journalist
occupation	Bernard Lord, ONB, QC, (born September 27, 1965) is a Canadian politician and lobbyist.	Bernard Lord	politician
occupation	Edward Heynes (by 1524-75 or later), of Devizes, Wiltshire, was an English politician.	Edward Heynes	politician
occupation	Harry Mullan was an Irish boxing writer and journalist.	Harry Mullan	journalist
occupation	Willy Favre (born September 24, 1943 - December 19, 1986) is a Swiss former alpine skier and Olympic medalist.	Willy Favre	alpine skier
occupation	Jiří Snítil (born February 24, 1975) is a curler from the Czech Republic.	Jiří Snítil	curler
occupation	Ronald Susilo (Chinese: 林羽峰; pinyin: Lín Yǔfēng; born June 6, 1979 in Kediri, East Java, Indonesia) is a Singaporean badminton player of Chinese ethnicity.	Ronald Susilo	badminton player
occupation	Jördis Steinegger (born February 8, 1983 in Graz) is an Austrian swimmer, who specialized in freestyle and individual medley events.	Jördis Steinegger	swimmer
occupation	Maida Heatter is a pastry chef and cookbook author who specializes in baking and desserts.	Maida Heatter	chef
occupation	Bertel Bruun (November 13, 1937 -- September 21, 2011) was a naturalist, international conservationist and neurologist.	Bertel Bruun	naturalist	neurologist
occupation	Tyler Bunch (born February 10, 1970) is an American puppeteer, puppet designer, director and actor.	Tyler Bunch	puppeteer	actor
occupation	Hassan N'Dam N'Jikam (born February 18, 1984) is a Cameroonian-French professional boxer and former WBO middleweight champion.	Hassan N'Dam N'Jikam	boxer
occupation	John Huppenthal (born March 3, 1954) is an American politician who served Arizona Superintendent of Public Instruction from 2011--2015.	John Huppenthal	politician
occupation	Magnus Cedenblad (born April 10, 1982) is a Swedish mixed martial artist who competes in the middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.	Magnus Cedenblad	mixed martial artist
occupation	Jeff T. Thomas (sometimes credited as Jeff Thomas) is a British music video and television director.	Jeff T. Thomas	television director
occupation	William E. Lee (January 8, 1852 in Alton, Illinois -- November 16, 1920) was a Minnesota politician and Speaker of the Minnesota House of Representatives.	William E. Lee	politician
occupation	Father Angelo Fantoni (May 2, 1903 -- August 28, 1992) was an Italian priest and exorcist who worked at Monte San Savino near Arezzo, Italy.	Angelo Fantoni	priest
occupation	During this period, Wonder Woman joined the Justice Society of America as the team's secretary.	Wonder Woman	secretary
occupation	Margaret Sidney was the pseudonym of American writer Harriett Mulford Stone Lothrop (June 22, 1844 -- August 2, 1924).	Margaret Sidney	writer
occupation	Charles Otte (born May 22, 1956) is an American theatre director, producer, designer and educator.	Charles Otte	theatre director
occupation	Robert Swink (June 3, 1918 - August 15, 2000) was an American film editor who edited nearly sixty feature films during a career that spanned forty-six years.	Robert Swink	film editor
occupation	Erik Slutsky (born 1957) is a contemporary figurative painter who lives in Montreal, Canada.	Erik Slutsky	painter
occupation	Baldeo Das Birla (also Baldeodas Birla) was an Indian entrepreneur and philanthropist.	Baldeo Das Birla	entrepreneur
occupation	José Miguel Valdés Carrera (March 14, 1837 - November 5, 1898) was a Chilean political figure and liberal politician, who served several times as minister.	José Miguel Valdés	politician
occupation	Subrata Saha is an Indian politician the present Minister without portfolio and a former Minister of State for Public Works in the Government of West Bengal.	Subrata Saha	politician
occupation	Jose Zepeda (born May 24, 1989) is an American boxer of Mexican descent in the lightweight division.	Jose Zepeda	boxer
occupation	Rouslan Saghabalyan (arm. Ռուսլան Փարնավազի Սաղաբալյան, rus. Руслан Парнавазович Сагабалян; born January 20, 1951) is a Russian writer, journalist and screenwriter of Armenian origin.	Rouslan Saghabalyan	journalist
occupation	W. C. Tuttle (November 11, 1883 -- June 6, 1969) was an American writer who sold more than 1000 magazine stories and dozens of novels, almost all of which were westerns.Tuttle wrote mainly for pulp magazines; his main market was Adventure magazine.	W. C. Tuttle	writer
occupation	Levi Grant (April 25, 1810 -- April 12, 1891) was an American politician and politician.	Levi Grant	politician
occupation	Hans Gissinger is a Swiss commercial, editorial, and fine-art photographer whose work has received wide exposure, thanks in part to Michael Pollan's best-selling book The Omnivore's Dilemma, which features a Gissinger photograph on its cover image.	Hans Gissinger	photographer
occupation	John A. Ferraro (April 5, 1946 -- December 7, 2010) was an American actor, academic, stage director and television director.	John A. Ferraro	actor	television director
occupation	Matas Šalčius (September 30, 1890 -- May 26, 1940) was a Lithuanian traveler, journalist, writer, political figure.	Matas Šalčius	journalist
occupation	Sarita Shrestha MD(Ayur), OBGYN, BAMS, is an Ayurvedic physician, professor, writer, founder and medical director of the Devi Ma Kunja Ayurvedic Hospital in Bhaktapur, Nepal.	Sarita Shrestha	physician
occupation	Tamara Brooks (September 11, 1941 -- May 19, 2012) was an American choral conductor.	Tamara Brooks	conductor
occupation	The company wanted to change their touring image into a sportier one and employed Dougal Marchant as a development engineer.	Dougal Marchant	engineer
occupation	Hildegunn Mikkelsplass (born as Hildegunn Fossen on April 16, 1969 in Drammen) is a former Norwegian biathlete.	Hildegunn Mikkelsplass	biathlete
occupation	Miles Jaye Davis (born November 12, 1957), known professionally as Miles Jaye, is an American R&B and jazz singer, jazz violinist, songwriter, and record producer.	Miles Jaye	singer
occupation	Archpriest Alexander Sipiagin (born August 17, 1875 in Tbilisi, Russian Empire - died on January 16, 1941, Rome, Italy ) was a politician, a priest of the Catholic Church and a member of Russian apostolate.	Alexander Sipiagin	priest
occupation	Danielle Montalbano (born January 23, 1989) is an American-born figure skater who competed for Israel.	Danielle Montalbano	figure skater
occupation	Vasco Ronchi (December 19, 1897 -- October 31, 1988) was an Italian physicist known for his work in optics.	Vasco Ronchi	physicist
occupation	A. Edward Sutherland aka Eddie Sutherland (January 5, 1895 -- December 31, 1973) was a film director and actor.	A. Edward Sutherland	film director	actor
occupation	Gigi Levangie Grazer (born Georgianne Levangie; January 2, 1963) is an American novelist, screenwriter, and producer.	Gigi Levangie Grazer	novelist	screenwriter
occupation	Dana Fox (born July 16, 1976) is an American screenwriter best known as the writer of the 2005 film The Wedding Date, the 2008 film What Happens in Vegas and the television comedy series Ben and Kate.	Dana Fox	screenwriter
occupation	David Whatton QPM is a retired British senior police officer.	David Whatton	police officer
occupation	Leonhard Hutter (also Hütter, Latinized as Hutterus; January 19, 1563 -- October 23, 1616) was a German Lutheran theologian.	Leonhard Hutter	theologian
occupation	Sally Ainse (also known as Sally Montour, Sara Montour, Sara Hands, Sara Hains, Sara Willson, and Sarah Hance) (c. 1728--1823) was an Oneida diplomat and fur trader.	Sally Ainse	diplomat
occupation	Dalchand was a Hindu Rajput painter who worked at the Marwar court in Rajasthan in the first quarter of the 18th century.	Dalchand	painter
occupation	Antonius Melissa (c. 11th century), is the name given to a Greek monk who wrote a compilation of moral sentences called Loci Communes.	Antonius Melissa	monk
occupation	Ann Scantlebury is a radio show presenter and actress.	Ann Scantlebury	presenter
occupation	Neal Creighton (born October 7, 1965) is an American entrepreneur based in Boston, Massachusetts, United States.	Neal Creighton	entrepreneur
occupation	Clancy Carlile (January 18, 1930 -- June 4, 1998) was an American novelist and screenwriter of Cherokee descent.	Clancy Carlile	screenwriter
occupation	Lee Tae-hwan (hangul: 이태환; born February 21, 1995) is a South Korean actor and singer.	Lee Tae-hwan	singer
occupation	Mehrdad Abedi ( مهرداد عابدی، ) is an electrical engineer and electric machinery researcher and professor of power engineering at Amirkabir University of Technology.	Mehrdad Abedi	engineer
occupation	Judith Margolis (born September 24, 1944) is an Israel-based American artist.	Judith Margolis	artist
occupation	Baron Bruno de Leusse de Syon (1916--2009) was a French high-ranking government official, politician and diplomat.	Bruno de Leusse	politician	diplomat
occupation	Hector Oaxaca Acosta (March 13, 1926 -- June 10, 2013), nicknamed ``Chinito,'' was a Mexican news photographer and photojournalist.	Hector Oaxaca Acosta	photographer	photojournalist
occupation	Catherine Gildiner is an American/ Canadian New York Times best-selling, author and clinical psychologist.	Catherine Gildiner	psychologist
occupation	Evan Enwerem (October 29, 1935 -- August 2, 2007) was a Nigerian politician who served as President of the Nigerian Senate in 1999.	Evan Enwerem	politician
occupation	Quinn Martin (May 22, 1922 -- September 5, 1987) was an American television producer.	Quinn Martin	television producer
occupation	Xin Zhou is a mathematician known for his contributions in scattering theory, integrable systems, random matrices and Riemann--	Xin Zhou	mathematician
occupation	Terry Lowry (born January 17, 1974, in Albany, Georgia) is an American composer, pianist and conductor.	Terry Lowry	composer	conductor
occupation	Barry Ulanov (April 10, 1918 -- April 30, 2000) was an American writer, perhaps best known as a jazz critic.	Barry Ulanov	writer
occupation	Wendy Boglioli (born March 6, 1955), née Wendy Lou Lansbach, is an American former swimmer, Olympic champion, and former world record-holder.	Wendy Boglioli	swimmer
occupation	Dionysius of Halicarnassus (Greek: Διονύσιος Ἀλεξάνδρου Ἁλικαρνᾱσσεύς ``Dionysios son of Alexandros of Halikarnassos''; c. 60 BC -- after 7 BC) was a Greek historian and teacher of rhetoric, who flourished during the reign of Caesar Augustus.	Dionysius of Halicarnassus	historian
occupation	Mat Devine (born Matthew Devine, April 16, 1974) is an American singer, songwriter, musician, actor and author.	Mat Devine	singer, songwriter
occupation	Leonard Shlain (August 28, 1937 -- May 11, 2009) was a US surgeon, author, and inventor.	Leonard Shlain	surgeon
occupation	Ty Margenthaler (born August 27, 1971) is an American college basketball coach and an assistant women's coach at Samford University in Homewood, Alabama.	Ty Margenthaler	basketball coach
occupation	James E. Roberts (November 30, 1930 - July 6, 2006) was a noted American civil engineer.	James E. Roberts	civil engineer
occupation	William Schmollinger (fl. 1830s) was a famous cartographer.	William Schmollinger	cartographer
occupation	Dan John Miller is an American singer-songwriter and actor from Detroit, Michigan.	Dan John Miller	singer-songwriter	actor
occupation	Bert Daniels (October 31, 1882 -- June 6, 1958) was a professional baseball player from 1910 to 1914.	Bert Daniels	baseball player
occupation	Graham Ludlow is a Canadian actor, executive, screenwriter and producer.	Graham Ludlow	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Agnieszka Czopek (born 1964) is a Polish swimmer and Olympic medalist.	Agnieszka Czopek	swimmer
occupation	Helena Devereux graduated from the Philadelphia High School for Girls in 1904 and from the Philadelphia Normal School in 1906 where she trained to become a teacher.	Helena Devereux	teacher
occupation	Lee Aronsohn (born December 15, 1952) is a television writer, composer and producer.	Lee Aronsohn	composer
occupation	Hewitt Bostock, PC (May 31, 1864 -- April 28, 1930) was a Canadian publisher, businessman and politician.	Hewitt Bostock	politician
occupation	Levin Jones was a professional baseball player during the mid-1870s who played parts of two seasons in the National Association of Professional Base Ball Players.	Levin Jones	baseball player
occupation	David Palffy (born March 5, 1969) is a Canadian film and television actor of Welsh-Hungarian descent.	David Palffy	actor
occupation	Rudolf Walther-Fein (1875--1933) was an Austrian film director of the Silent and early sound era.	Rudolf Walther-Fein	film director
occupation	Timagenes (Ancient Greek: Τιμαγένης) was a Greek writer, historian and teacher of rhetoric.	Timagenes	writer	historian
occupation	Tim McKenzie is an American professional mixed martial artist who competes in the middleweight division.	Tim McKenzie	mixed martial artist
occupation	Natarajan Sankaran is an Indian film composer and musician in the Tamil film industry.	Natarajan Sankaran	composer
occupation	Alan Sparhawk is an American musician and singer-songwriter.	Alan Sparhawk	singer
occupation	Sefik Birkiye is a Turkish architect who has designed buildings in Brussels, France, Switzerland, Monaco, the United States of America, and Turkey.	Sefik Birkiye	architect
occupation	Tellef Øgrim (born January 27. 1958 in Oslo) is a Norwegian fretless guitarist, composer and journalist.	Tellef Øgrim	composer
occupation	Nam Chang-hee (Hangul: 남창희; born February 14, 1957) is a South Korean plasma physicist.	Nam Chang-hee	physicist
occupation	Like many third-century Christian scholars, Arius was influenced by the writings of Origen, widely regarded as the first great theologian of Christianity.	Arius	theologian
occupation	Konrad Krauss is a German actor and well known for his role as family patriarch Arno Brandner on the soap opera Verbotene Liebe (Forbidden Love).	Konrad Krauss	actor
occupation	Shelley Hughes (born January 6, 1958 in Canton, Ohio) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Alaska House of Representatives since January 18, 2013 representing District 8.	Shelley Hughes	politician
occupation	Cho Dong-chan (born July 27, 1983) is South Korean professional baseball player for the Samsung Lions of the Korea Baseball Organization.	Cho Dong-chan	baseball player
occupation	Frank Aletter (January 14, 1926 -- May 13, 2009) was an American stage, film, and television actor.	Frank Aletter	actor
occupation	Justine Dkhar is an Indian politician from the state of Meghalaya and represents the Khliehrait (ST) constituency in the East Jaintia Hills district in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly during 2008-2013.	Justine Dkhar	politician
occupation	Ramesh Talwar is an Indian film, theatre, television and film director, co-producer and actor.	Ramesh Talwar	film director
occupation	Robin McNamara (born May 5, 1947, in Newton, Massachusetts) is an American singer, songwriter and musician.	Robin McNamara	singer
occupation	Janek Gwizdala (born November 19, 1978) is an English jazz bassist and record producer born in London.	Janek Gwizdala	record producer
occupation	Chris Collingwood (born 1967) is a British-born American singer, songwriter, artist and founding member of the power pop band Fountains of Wayne.	Chris Collingwood	songwriter
occupation	Jose Javier Reyes (born October 21, 1954) is a Filipino writer, director, miscellaneous crew and actor.	Jose Javier Reyes	writer
occupation	Lawrence G. Brown (born February 6, 1943 in St. Louis, Missouri) is an American mathematician who studies operator algebras.	Lawrence G. Brown	mathematician
occupation	Evin Rubar (born 14 December 1975) is a Swedish TV journalist and documentarian.	Evin Rubar	journalist
occupation	John Roxborough Smith (born November 10, 1939) was a Canadian politician, who represented the electoral district of Hamilton Mountain in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1967 to 1977 as a Progressive Conservative member.	John Roxborough Smith	politician
occupation	Jones Victor Mawulorm Dotse is a supreme court judge of the Republic of Ghana.	Jones Victor Mawulorm Dotse	judge
occupation	Yog Japee is a Tamil film actor, who has appeared in character roles.	Yog Japee	actor
occupation	Maryam Mursal (Somali: Maryaam Muursaal, Arabic: مريم مرسل‎) (born January 1, 1950) is a Somali composer and vocalist.	Maryam Mursal	composer
occupation	João Eduardo de Salles Nobre, known as Dudu Nobre (Rio de Janeiro, RJ, November 6 of 1974), is a Brazilian composer and singer.	Dudu Nobre	composer	singer
occupation	Nikki Hornsby (born in Long Beach, California) is an American pop, Americana, country and blues singer-songwriter and guitarist.	Nikki Hornsby	singer
occupation	Paul J. Fishman (born February 26, 1957) is an American lawyer who currently serves as the United States Attorney for the District of New Jersey.	Paul J. Fishman	lawyer
occupation	Zhou Ruchang (Chinese: 周汝昌; Wade--Giles: Chou Ju-ch'ang; April 14, 1918 -- May 31, 2012), was a Chinese writer who is renowned for his extensive scholarship on the novel Dream of the Red Chamber by Cao Xueqin.	Zhou Ruchang	writer
occupation	Ian Shive is a noted nature photographer, author, film and television producer and founder and Chief Executive Officer of Tandem Stills Motion, Inc. based in Los Angeles, California.	Ian Shive	photographer
occupation	G. E. Baker (full name and dates of birth and death unknown) was an English cricketer who played one first-class cricket match for The Bs against the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) at Lord's in 1830.	G. E. Baker	cricketer
occupation	Haki R. Madhubuti (born Don Luther Lee on February 23, 1942 in Little Rock, Arkansas, United States) is an African-American author, educator, and poet.	Haki R. Madhubuti	author
occupation	Theodore Winthrop (September 22, 1828 -- June 10, 1861) was a writer, lawyer, and world traveller.	Theodore Winthrop	writer
occupation	Thomas Allibone Janvier (July 16, 1849 -- June 18, 1913) was an American story-writer and historian, born in Philadelphia of Provençal descent.	Thomas Allibone Janvier	historian
occupation	Nicolás Kingman Riofrío (Loja, November 18, 1918) is an Ecuadorian journalist, writer and politician.	Nicolás Kingman Riofrío	journalist
occupation	Friederike Kempner (June 25, 1836 - February 23, 1904) was a German-Jewish poet.	Friederike Kempner	poet
occupation	Fernando de Casas Novoa was a Spanish architect.	Fernando de Casas Novoa	architect
occupation	Brittany Jean Carlson (born April 22, 1987), known better by her stage name BC Jean, is an American singer-songwriter and actress, perhaps best known for writing the song ``If I Were a Boy'' which was later sung by Beyoncé and achieved worldwide commercial success.	BC Jean	singer-songwriter
occupation	Léopold Bernhard Bernstamm (April 20, 1859 - January 22, 1939), also written as Léopold-Bernhard Bernstam, Léopold Bernard Bernstamm, or Leopold Adolfovich Bernstam, was a Russian sculptor active in France and Russia.	Léopold Bernhard Bernstamm	sculptor
occupation	As an entrepreneur and industrialist, Syed Babar Ali envisioned and set up Packages Limited (Pakistan's largest paper & board mill), Milkpak Limited--now Nestlé Pakistan Limited (the largest food processing company in Pakistan);	Syed Babar Ali	entrepreneur
occupation	Vinod Raj is a Kannada film actor, who is widely recognized and illustrious for his dancing skills.	Vinod Raj	actor
occupation	George Mastras is an American author, screenwriter, director, and television producer.	George Mastras	screenwriter	television producer
occupation	Michael Linder is an American television producer and broadcast journalist based in Los Angeles, currently an investigative reporter for KABC-AM and an executive producer for Natural 9 Entertainment in Burbank.	Michael Linder	journalist
occupation	Denis Pyramus was a Benedictine monk of Bury St. Edmunds Abbey and an Anglo-Norman poet who was active in the second part of the 12th and the beginning of the 13th century.	Denis Pyramus	poet
occupation	Franc D'Ambrosio (born August 11, 1962 in Bronx, New York), is an American singer and actor, best known for his role in the stage version of Andrew Lloyd Webber's The Phantom of the Opera.	Franc D'Ambrosio	singer	actor
occupation	Lisbeth Zwerger (born 1954) is an Austrian illustrator of children's books.	Lisbeth Zwerger	illustrator
occupation	Arthur Norreys Worthington (February 17, 1862 -- February 7, 1912) was a Canadian physician, surgeon, soldier, and politician.	Arthur Norreys Worthington	politician
occupation	Rodolfo Lobos Zamora was a Guatemalan general and diplomat.	Rodolfo Lobos Zamora	diplomat
occupation	Brad Babcock is an American former college baseball coach, the head coach of James Madison (JMU) from 1971 to 1989.	Brad Babcock	head coach
occupation	Dr. Patrick N. Keating is a theoretical physicist who has contributed to several fields of solid-state physics, including semiconductors, semi-insulators and the basic properties of solid materials, and to other fields including optics, liquid crystals, acoustic holography, and signal processing.	Patrick N. Keating	physicist
occupation	Alice Shields (born Alice F. Shields, Manhattan, New York, February 18, 1943) is an American composer.	Alice Shields	composer
occupation	Edwin Carewe (March 3, 1883--January 22, 1940) was a Native American motion picture director, actor, producer, and screenwriter.	Edwin Carewe	actor	screenwriter
occupation	James Greene Hardy (May 3, 1795 -- July 16, 1856) was a politician from the U.S. state of Kentucky who belonged to the American or Know-Nothing Party.	James Greene Hardy	politician
occupation	William Crawford Sherrod (August 17, 1835 -- March 24, 1919) was an American politician and Confederate officer from Alabama.	William Crawford Sherrod	politician
occupation	Ivan Tásler (born July 16, 1979 in Prešov, Czechoslovakia) is a Slovak singer, guitarist, composer, and producer.	Ivan Tásler	singer	composer
occupation	With a degree in Journalism from the Federal University of Pernambuco, Kleber Mendonça Filho began his career as a film critic and journalist.	Kleber Mendonça Filho	film critic
occupation	Rod Lurie (born May 15, 1962) is an Israeli-American director, screenwriter and former film critic.	Rod Lurie	screenwriter
occupation	Bernard Greenhouse (January 3, 1916 -- May 13, 2011) was an American cellist and one of the founding members of the Beaux Arts Trio.	Bernard Greenhouse	cellist
occupation	Kunickaa Sadanand Lall, also known as Kunika, is an Indian TV actor, producer & social activist.	Kunika	actor
occupation	Colin O'Malley (born on December 9, 1973) is a composer who has worked with CNN, the Walt Disney Company, the United States Air Force, Universal Studios, DC Comics and Electronic Arts.	Colin O'Malley	composer
occupation	Ashley Deans is a Canadian physicist, educator, researcher, author and politician.	Ashley Deans	physicist
occupation	Torrey Salter (born July 15, 1988) is a Contemporary Christian music singer/songwriter, pianist, and guitarist from Birmingham, Alabama.	Torrey Salter	singer
occupation	Edward Everett Eslick (April 19, 1872 -- June 14, 1932) was an American politician and a member of the United States House of Representatives for the 7th congressional district of Tennessee.	Edward Everett Eslick	politician
occupation	The Philadelphia Wireman is the working name given to an unknown outsider artist responsible for approximately 1,200 small-scale wire-frame sculptures that were found by a passerby, abandoned on a street outside a transient home in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1982.	Philadelphia Wireman	artist
occupation	Christian Julius Weissenborn (April 13, 1837 -- April 21, 1888) was a bassoonist, teacher and composer.	Julius Weissenborn	composer
occupation	Cornelius Newton Bliss (January 26, 1833 -- October 9, 1911) was an American merchant, politician and art collector, who served as Secretary of the Interior in the administration of President William McKinley and as Treasurer of the Republican National Convention in four successive campaigns.	Cornelius Newton Bliss	merchant	politician
occupation	Nikhil Korula (born December 27, 1978) is an Indian American singer-songwriter, bandleader, and label owner, known as founder and front-man of The Nikhil Korula Band, or NK Band.	Nikhil Korula	singer-songwriter
occupation	Lidor Yosefi (Hebrew: לידור יוספי‎, born March 6, 1974) is an Israeli singer.	Lidor Yosefi	singer
occupation	Jaida Dreyer is an American-Canadian country music singer-songwriter, and a world champion equestrian, who is signed to Streamsound Records, a label founded in 2012 by Byron Gallimore.	Jaida Dreyer	singer
occupation	Alon Eizenman (born February 9, 1979) is a Canadian and Israeli former ice hockey player.	Alon Eizenman	ice hockey player
occupation	Duncan Rouleau is an American comic book writer and artist, and is a part of the Man of Action Studios collective of creators (along with Joe Casey, Joe Kelly, Steven T. Seagle), who created the series Ben 10, that aired on Cartoon Network.	Duncan Rouleau	artist
occupation	Martin R. Bradley (April 1, 1888 -- December 21, 1975) was a Democratic politician from Michigan who served in the Michigan House of Representatives, including as Speaker during the 57th Legislature.	Martin R. Bradley	politician
occupation	Alessandro Naselli was an Italian painter, active in his native Ferrara in the mid to late 17th century.	Alessandro Naselli	painter
occupation	Bailey Bram (born September 5, 1990) is a Canadian ice hockey player from Manitoba.	Bailey Bram	ice hockey player
occupation	Doug Coombs (September 24, 1957 -- April 3, 2006) was an American alpine skier and mountaineer who helped to pioneer the sport of extreme skiing, both in North America and worldwide.	Doug Coombs	skier
occupation	Hong Jun-pyo (born December 5, 1954) is a South Korean politician, former prosecutor and the governor of South Gyeongsang Province.	Hong Jun-pyo	politician
occupation	Losolyn Byambajargal (Mongolian: Лосолын Бямбажаргал; born November 7, 1964) is a Mongolian politician.	Losolyn Byambajargal	politician
occupation	Louis-Albert Carvin (1875--1951) was a French sculptor, primarily an animalier.	Louis-Albert Carvin	sculptor
occupation	Ariel Aparicio is a Cuban-American pop-rock singer, songwriter, and guitarist based in Brooklyn, New York City.	Ariel Aparicio	singer
occupation	Carl Donald Bell (August 25, 1925 - March 17, 1966), better known by his ring name Chief Don Eagle, was a Mohawk Native American professional wrestler during the 1950s and 1960s.	Don Eagle	professional wrestler
occupation	Taylor Harper (born November 25, 1944) is an American lobbyist and former American politician.	Taylor Harper	lobbyist	politician
occupation	Carl Bialik is an American journalist, best known for his work for The Wall Street Journal's web site, and the paper itself.	Carl Bialik	journalist
occupation	Vadym Lepskyy (Ukrainian: Вадим Лепський; born July 9, 1985) is a Ukrainian swimmer, who specialized in individual medley events.	Vadym Lepskyy	swimmer
occupation	Stephan Leblanc (born January 20, 1986) is a Canadian professional lacrosse player for the Toronto Rock in the National Lacrosse League.	Stephan Leblanc	lacrosse player
occupation	John Firminger Duthie (1845--1922) was an English botanist and explorer.	John Firminger Duthie	botanist
occupation	Rufus Mallory (January or June 10, 1831 -- April 30, 1914) was an American educator, lawyer, and politician in the state of Oregon.	Rufus Mallory	lawyer	politician
occupation	Charicles (Greek: Χαρικλῆς), son of Apollodorus, was an ancient Athenian politician, notorious for his role as one of the Thirty Tyrants.	Charicles	politician
occupation	Raimundo Lida (1908--1979) was an Argentine philologist, philosopher of language, literary critic and essayist.	Raimundo Lida	philosopher
occupation	Choi Jun-hong (Hangul: 최준홍; born October 15, 1996) better known by his stage name Zelo, is a South Korean rapper, dancer, singer and beatboxer.	Zelo	singer
occupation	Henry Galbraith Ward (April 19, 1851, New York City -- August 24, 1933, Shelter Island, New York) was a federal appellate judge in the United States.	Henry Galbraith Ward	judge
occupation	Karin Hendschke (married Raddatz) is a former East-German figure skater.	Karin Hendschke	figure skater
occupation	Bert Moorhouse (sometimes incorrectly billed as Bert Moorehouse) (November 20, 1894 -- January 26, 1954) was an American character actor whose career began at the very tail end of the silent era, and lasted through the mid-1950s.	Bert Moorhouse	actor
occupation	James Willse James ``Jim'' Willse is an American journalist who served as editor of The New York Daily News from 1989 to 1992 and of The Star-Ledger in New Jersey from 1995 until his retirement in 2009.	James Willse	journalist
occupation	Katrina Bayonas is an actors' agent, film producer and casting director who is best known for discovering Penélope Cruz and managing her career.	Katrina Bayonas	film producer
occupation	Dan Ouellette is an American artist, illustrator, director, author and production designer.	Dan Ouellette	illustrator
occupation	Ruth Macklin is an American philosopher and professor of bioethics.	Ruth Macklin	philosopher
occupation	Charles C. Shepard (born December 18, 1914, died February 18, 1985) was a microbiologist, and former director of the Centers for Disease Control's Laboratory Division.	Charles C. Shepard	microbiologist
occupation	Caroline Robbins or Caroline Herben (August 18, 1903 -- February 8, 1999) was a British historian who was a professor at Bryn Mawr College.	Caroline Robbins	historian
occupation	Edward Mardigian (October 25, 1907, Constantinople - November 3, 1993) was an engineer, Leader, Philanthropist.	Edward Mardigian	engineer
occupation	John Shulman (born June 28, 1966) is the head varsity boy's basketball coach at The McCallie School.	John Shulman	basketball coach
occupation	Tunc Ucyildiz (born April 22, 1978 in Ankara, Turkey) is a Turkish surfer who has won Turkey's first national surfing title in October 2012.	Tunc Ucyildiz	surfer
occupation	Henry G. Schackno (May 6, 1878 in Albany, New York -- August 23, 1950 in the Bronx, New York City) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.	Henry G. Schackno	lawyer	politician
occupation	Aaron Lufkin Dennison (March 6, 1812 -- January 9, 1895) was an American watchmaker and businessman who founded a number of companies.	Aaron Lufkin Dennison	watchmaker
occupation	David Bayford was a London surgeon, who practised from 1761 to 1782.	David Bayford	surgeon
occupation	Johann Holetschek (August 29, 1846 -- November 10, 1923) was an Austrian astronomer, known for his research on comets.	Johann Holetschek	astronomer
occupation	Carlos Méndez Villalobos (born September 7, 1954) is a Mexican writer of poetry, short stories and novels.	Carlos Méndez Villalobos	writer
occupation	Montgomery Tully (1904--1988) was an Irish film director and writer.	Montgomery Tully	film director
occupation	Alicia Boren (born February 12, 1997) is an American artistic gymnast, competing in Level 10.	Alicia Boren	artistic gymnast
occupation	Arthur Hertzberg (June 9, 1921 -- April 17, 2006) was a Conservative rabbi and prominent Jewish-American scholar and activist.	Arthur Hertzberg	rabbi
occupation	Hansjörg Trachsel (born August 30, 1948) is a Swiss politician and former bobsledder who competed in the late 1970s.	Hansjörg Trachsel	politician
occupation	Zoë Badwi is an Australian singer-songwriter, model, and actress.	Zoë Badwi	singer
occupation	Edwin Corbett (4 December 1819 -- 22 February 1888) was a British diplomat who was envoy to several countries.	Edwin Corbett	diplomat
occupation	Ayatollah Mohammed Reza Shirazi (Arabic: السيد محمد رضا الحسيني الشيرازي, Persian: سید محمدرضا شیرازی) was an Iraqi-Iranian Shiite cleric (Ayatollah), and the son of the late Grand Ayatollah Sayed Mohammad Hussaini Shirazi, and a relative of Grand Ayatollah Mirza Hassan Shirazi.	Mohammed Reza Shirazi	cleric
occupation	William Curry Holden (July 19, 1896 -- April 21, 1993), also known as Curry Holden, was an historian and archaeologist.	William Curry Holden	historian	archaeologist
occupation	Kosta Abrašević (Serbian Cyrillic: Коста Абрашевић, May 29, 1879 -- January 20, 1898) was a Serbian proletarian poet.	Kosta Abrašević	poet
occupation	Robert Glaudini (who goes by the name Bob Glaudini) is an American actor, playwright, director and teacher.	Robert Glaudini	actor
occupation	Amarmani Tripathi is an influential politician from Eastern Uttar Pradesh.	Amarmani Tripathi	politician
occupation	D. James Baker (born March 23, 1937) is an American scientist who was trained as a physicist, practiced as an oceanographer, and has held science and management positions in academia, non-profit institutions, and government agencies.	D. James Baker	physicist
occupation	Celina Ree is a Danish pop rock singer and songwriter.	Celina Ree	singer
occupation	Paolo Pandolfo is an Italian virtuoso player, composer, and teacher of music for the viola da gamba.	Paolo Pandolfo	composer
occupation	José Reinaldo Azevedo e Silva (born August 19, 1961) is a Brazilian journalist, writer and radio host.	Reinaldo Azevedo	journalist	writer
occupation	Mark Ringer (born December 8, 1959) American writer, theater and opera historian, director and actor.	Mark Ringer	actor
occupation	Catherine McArdle Kelleher (born January 19, 1939) is an American political scientist involved in national and international security policy.	Catherine McArdle Kelleher	political scientist
occupation	Enrico Stefani was an Italian architect and archaeologist working in Greece, Crete and Italy during the early twentieth century.	Enrico Stefani	archaeologist
occupation	Diti Katona is an internationally recognized Canadian graphic designer and creative director.	Diti Katona	graphic designer	creative director
occupation	Giovanni Francesco Pico della Mirandola (1470--1533) was an Italian nobleman and philosopher, the nephew of Giovanni Pico della Mirandola.	Giovanni Francesco Pico della Mirandola	philosopher
occupation	In 2004, the Rotary Smith Award, given to America's best college baseball player, was changed to the Roger Clemens Award, honoring the best pitcher.	Roger Clemens	baseball player
occupation	Nathan Lopez (born Louie Nathanael Buado Lopez, August 19, 1991) is a Filipino film actor.	Nathan Lopez	actor
occupation	Piotr Ignacy Bieńkowski (1865 -- 1925) was a Polish classical scholar and archaeologist, professor of Jagiellonian University.	Piotr Ignacy Bieńkowski	archaeologist
occupation	Sevğil Musayeva-Borovyk is a Ukrainian journalist from Crimea, Ukraine, chief-editor of internet publishing Ukrayinska Pravda and an initiator of creating the Krym_SOS web portal.	Sevğil Musayeva-Borovyk	journalist
occupation	Donnchadh Ó Corráin is an Irish historian and Professor Emeritus of Medieval History at University College Cork.	Donnchadh Ó Corráin	historian
occupation	Steven Haigler is an American gold and platinum record producer of alternative, grunge, hard core and popular music, notably ``Sunburn'' by the band Fuel (1998),;	Steven Haigler	record producer
occupation	Elena Oznobkina (Russian: Ознобкина, Елена Вячеславовна) was a philosopher, theorist, historian of philosophy, lecturer, translator, editor, journalist, researcher of penitentiary systems, and Russian human rights activist.	Elena Oznobkina	philosopher	human rights activist
occupation	Golam Mabud is a First class and List A cricketer from Bangladesh who is sometimes referred to by his nickname 'Sishir'.	Golam Mabud	cricketer
occupation	Jon Paul Steuer (born March 27, 1984; Escondido, California) is a former child actor best known for being the first actor to play Alexander Rozhenko in Star Trek:	Jon Paul Steuer	actor
occupation	Didi Petet (July 12, 1956 -- May 15, 2015), born Didi Widiatmoko, was an Indonesian actor and TV and film director best known for starring as Emon in the Catatan Si Boy series of films in the late 1980s and early 1990s.	Didi Petet	actor
occupation	Kieron Forsyth is a British actor who is best known for playing Tom Harvey in Casualty, Gary Penhale in Wycliffe and Tommy Henderson in The Bill.	Kieron Forsyth	actor
occupation	Jeffrey W. Hutter is an American dentist and a former director of the American Board of Endodontics.	Jeffrey W. Hutter	dentist
occupation	Duke Mitchell (May 9, 1926 -- December 2, 1981) was an American film actor, slapstick comedian, crooner and independent film director.	Duke Mitchell	actor	film director
occupation	Thaddeus Mortimer Fowler, often credited as T.M. Fowler, (1842-1922) was an American cartographer.	Thaddeus Mortimer Fowler	cartographer
occupation	Barbara Starfield (Brooklyn - New York City, December 18, 1932 / Menlo Park - California, June 10, 2011) was an American pediatrician.	Barbara Starfield	pediatrician
occupation	Cory McFarlane (born April 17, 1980) is an American actor and American businessman.	Cory McFarlane	actor
occupation	Tommy Funderburk is an American rock singer and CEO of technology company Muzit.	Tommy Funderburk	singer
occupation	William Moseley Swain (May 12, 1809 in Manlius, New York -- February 16, 1868 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) was an American journalist and businessman.	William Moseley Swain	journalist
occupation	Lebogang Mashile (July 2, 1979) is a South African actor and writer.	Lebogang Mashile	actor
occupation	Antony Loewenstein is a freelance journalist, author, atheist Jewish-Australian political activist and blogger.	Antony Loewenstein	journalist
occupation	Oden Roberts (birth name Oden Few Roberts) is a writer, a director, a cinematographer, and film producer.	Oden Roberts	cinematographer
occupation	Wen Zhanli (Chinese: 温展力; pinyin: Wēn Zhǎnlì; born 1981) is a Chinese composer living in Beijing.	Wen Zhanli	composer
occupation	Steven Eugene Grove (born November 27, 1962), better known as Euge Groove, is an American smooth jazz saxophonist with a strong Top-40 background.	Euge Groove	saxophonist
occupation	Lorenzo Snow Young (1894-1968), nicknamed ``Bing'', was a 20th-century architect in Utah.	Lorenzo Snow Young	architect
occupation	Bernard B. Fall (November 19, 1926 -- February 21, 1967) was a prominent war correspondent, historian, political scientist, and expert on Indochina during the 1950s and 1960s.	Bernard B. Fall	war correspondent
occupation	Steve Susskind (October 3, 1942 -- January 21, 2005) was an American actor who appeared in numerous small parts in sitcoms, such as Frasier, Married... with Children, Scrubs, and NewsRadio.	Steve Susskind	actor
occupation	Gheorghe Dinică (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈɡe̯orɡe diˈnikə); January 1, 1934 -- November 10, 2009) was a Romanian actor.	Gheorghe Dinică	actor
occupation	Rey Ramsey is an American social justice entrepreneur, author, and the former CEO of the One Economy Corporation, a nonprofit he co-founded in 2000.	Rey Ramsey	entrepreneur
occupation	A member of the Czech avant-garde association of artists Devětsil, an award winning novelist, a literary translator, a journalist and a curator, Jiří Weil is only gradually gaining renown after years of relative obscurity.	Jiří Weil	translator	journalist
occupation	Count Joachim von Pfeil (1857-1924) was a German explorer and colonist in Africa and New Guinea.	Joachim von Pfeil	explorer
occupation	Hemant Chaturvedi is an Indian cinematographer in the Hindi film industry, he received great critical acclaim for his first feature, Company (2002).	Hemant Chaturvedi	cinematographer
occupation	Pietro di Domenico, also Pietro di Domenico da Siena, (1457--1506) was an Italian Renaissance painter.	Pietro di Domenico	painter
occupation	Frederick G. Lawrence is an American hermeneutic philosopher and theologian, and a specialist in Bernard Lonergan, teaching in the Department of Theology at Boston College, Boston, USA.	Frederick G. Lawrence	philosopher
occupation	Ronan Flood has been the caddy of professional golfer Pádraig Harrington since 2004.	Ronan Flood	professional golfer
occupation	Fred Hembeck (born January 30, 1953) is an American cartoonist best known for his parodies of characters from major American comic book publishers.	Fred Hembeck	cartoonist
occupation	Mahmoud Salvati (born in Khomeini Isfahan, Persian date Farvardin 1332) is a jurist, author, commentator and translator of the Quran and Nahj, religious scholar and member of the Assembly of Qom Seminary Scholars and Researchers.	Mahmoud Salvati	translator
occupation	Ed Bereal (born 1937) is an American artist best known for his work in assemblage and for his participation in exhibitions and performances that addressed political issues and racial stereotypes from the 1960s onward.	Ed Bereal	artist
occupation	Hemasiri Liyanage is a Sri Lankan television, cinema and theatre actor.	Hemasiri Liyanage	actor
occupation	Jeanie Tracy is an American singer-songwriter and actress, born in Houston, Texas and raised in Fresno, California.	Jeanie Tracy	singer
occupation	Ron Ostrow is an American actor who mostly appears on television.	Ron Ostrow	actor
occupation	Alex McSweeney is a British actor, best known for playing Graham Foster in EastEnders from 2003 to 2004.	Alex McSweeney	actor
occupation	César Ducasse (born November 1, 1979) is a French film director, writer and editor, best known for directing the Norwegian cult horror Dark Souls (Mørke sjeler).	César Ducasse	film director
occupation	Bernard Jeffrey ``Bernie'' McCullough (October 5, 1957 -- August 9, 2008) better known by his stage name Bernie Mac, was an American stand-up comedian, actor and voice artist.	Bernie Mac	actor
occupation	José María Urrutia Manzano (1771--1848) was a Chilean military and politician.	José María Urrutia Manzano	politician
occupation	Brendan McLeod is a Canadian spoken word artist, musician and novelist.	Brendan McLeod	novelist
occupation	Clyde Kusatsu (born September 13, 1948) is an American actor of Japanese descent.	Clyde Kusatsu	actor
occupation	Erica Musci (born April 6, 1990), better known by her stage name Erica Mou, is an Italian singer and musician.	Erica Mou	singer
occupation	Paul Breisach (June 3, 1896 -- December 26, 1952) was an Austrian-born conductor.	Paul Breisach	conductor
occupation	Hermann Behmel (born June 28, 1939) is a German geologist, paleontologist and ecological activist.	Hermann Behmel	paleontologist
occupation	Johnnie Carson (born April 7, 1943) is a diplomat from the United States who has served as United States Ambassador to several African nations.	Johnnie Carson	diplomat
occupation	Wilhelm Koppers (1886--1961) was a Catholic priest and cultural anthropologist.	Wilhelm Koppers	Catholic priest	anthropologist
occupation	Boris Bernaskoni (born 26 February 1977, Moscow) is a Russian architect, engineer, publisher, the recipient of architectural awards and a participant in various architectural exhibitions.	Boris Bernaskoni	architect
occupation	Miangul Asfandyar Amir Zeb (Pashto:میانگل اسفندیار امیرزېب) was a Pakistani politician and a member of the Gujjar royal family of the former Princely State of Swat, who was killed in an assassination attack by the Taliban during the 2007 skirmishes in Swat.	Miangul Asfandyar Amir Zeb	politician
occupation	William L. Jungers (born November 17, 1948) is an American anthropologist, Distinguished Teaching Professor and the Chair of the Department of Anatomical Sciences at State University of New York at Stony Brook on Long Island, New York.	William L. Jungers	anthropologist
occupation	Susan Froemke (sometimes spelled Frömke; born November 5, 1947) is an American film director and producer.	Susan Froemke	film director
occupation	Ralph M. Hughes (born April 17, 1948) is an American politician who represented district 40 in the Maryland State Senate from 1991 to 2007 and a member of the Maryland House of Delegates from the same district from 1983 to 1991.	Ralph M. Hughes	politician
occupation	William H. Gerdts (born 1929) is an American art historian and Professor Emeritus of Art History at the CUNY Graduate Center.	William H. Gerdts	art historian
occupation	Gerhard Krüss (December 14, 1859 -- February 3, 1895) was a German chemist and founder of the Journal für anorganische Chemie (Journal of Inorganic Chemistry) in 1892.	Gerhard Krüss	chemist
occupation	Luis Simarro Lacabra (January 6, 1851 -- June 19, 1921) was a Spanish psychiatrist who was born in Rome while his parents were living in Italy.	Luis Simarro Lacabra	psychiatrist
occupation	Heiner Friedrich (born April 14, 1938 in Stettin) is an important art dealer and art collector of minimal art and conceptual art. Friedrich and his then wife Philippa de Menil, together with Helen Winkler, established the Dia Art Foundation in 1973.	Heiner Friedrich	art collector
occupation	Şevket Çoruh (born June 30, 1973 - Istanbul) is a successful Turkish actor best known as one of the actors who played İnşaat, Anlat İstanbul beside a lot of Turkish series like Arka Sokaklar, Gönül, Yılan Hikayesi, Çiçek Taksi and the exemplar series that has deeply devoted the Turkish Cinemas and Theaters.	Şevket Çoruh	actor
occupation	Marian Harris is a Democratic politician who served in the Ohio House of Representatives.	Marian Harris	politician
occupation	Sir James Buller East, 2nd Baronet (1 February 1789 -- 19 November 1878) was a British barrister.	Sir James Buller East, 2nd Baronet	barrister
occupation	Fran Fraschilla (born August 30, 1958) is an American basketball commentator and former college basketball coach.	Fran Fraschilla	basketball coach
occupation	Seth Morris (born May 21, 1970) is an American actor, comedian, and writer known for his recurring roles on programs such as Go On, Happy Endings, The Hotwives of Orlando, Kroll Show, and Childrens Hospital.	Seth Morris	actor
occupation	Ron Kavana is an Irish singer, songwriter, guitarist and band leader.	Ron Kavana	singer
occupation	Felicia Rudolphina Scatcherd (1862--1927) was a journalist and spiritualist.	Felicia Rudolphina Scatcherd	journalist
occupation	Cees Juffermans (born February 10, 1982 in Stompwijk) is a former Dutch Short track speed skater.	Cees Juffermans	speed skater
occupation	Gordon Bunshaft, FAIA (May 9, 1909 -- August 6, 1990), was an American architect, a leading proponent of modern design in the mid-twentieth century.	Gordon Bunshaft	architect
occupation	Hortense Sparks Ward (July 21, 1872 - December 5, 1944) was a pioneering Texas lawyer and women's rights activist.	Hortense Sparks Ward	lawyer
occupation	Dr. Frederick Gardner Cottrell, 71, California-born chemist and inventor (Cottrell Electrical Precipitator); of a heart ailment; in Berkeley, Calif. Dr. Cottrell founded the famed Research Corporation in 1912 as a nonprofit organization for the advancement of science, authorized it to spend the entire $3,500,000 grossed by his invention.	Frederick Gardner Cottrell	chemist	inventor
occupation	Oliver Burgess Meredith (November 16, 1907 -- September 9, 1997), known professionally as Burgess Meredith, was an American actor, director, producer, and writer in theater, film, and television.	Burgess Meredith	actor	director
occupation	Gerhard Neumann (October 8, 1917 -- November 2, 1997) was a German-American aviation engineer and executive for General Electric's aircraft engine division (which today is called GE Aviation).	Gerhard Neumann	engineer
occupation	Oluf van Steenwinckel (died 1659) was a Danish building master and engineer, probably the son of Hans van Steenwinckel the Younger.	Oluf van Steenwinckel	engineer
occupation	Marguerite Diane Webber AKA Marguerite Empey (July 29, 1932--August 19, 2008) was an American model, dancer and actress.	Diane Webber	model	dancer
occupation	Bernard Girard (1918--1997) was an American screenwriter, producer and film director.	Bernard Girard	screenwriter
occupation	Khoder Nasser is an Australian sports agent and boxing promoter who currently represents Sonny Bill Williams and Quade Cooper.	Khoder Nasser	sports agent
occupation	Ronen Shilo (born May 1, 1958) is an Israeli entrepreneur and software engineer.	Ronen Shilo	entrepreneur
occupation	Kirsten Gum is an adventure traveler, sports commentator and raw food chef.	Kirsten Gum	chef
occupation	Kimo Williams is an American composer, musician and professor who has performed with a number of ensembles including his ensemble Kimotion and the Lt. Dan Band, that he co-founded with film/TV actor Gary Sinise.	Kimo Williams	composer
occupation	Sheila Orr (born 1949 or 1950) is a Canadian politician, who represented the electoral district of Victoria-Hillside in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 2001 to 2005.	Sheila Orr	politician
occupation	Joe Walters (born November 30, 1984) is a professional lacrosse player for the Rochester Knighthawks of the National Lacrosse League, the Brampton Excelsiors or Major Series Lacrosse, and the Chesapeake Bayhawks of Major League Lacrosse.	Joe Walters	lacrosse player
occupation	Erin Wyatt is an Ohio-born American model and actress who appeared in movies such as Ghosts of Girlfriends Past, Confessions of a Shopaholic, and Wall Street:	Erin Wyatt	model
occupation	Anthony Reategui is a professional poker player from Chandler, Arizona.	Anthony Reategui	poker player
occupation	Katherine Jane Bryant, known professionally as Janie Bryant, is an American television costume designer.	Katherine Jane Bryant	costume designer
occupation	John E. Hurley (November 3, 1906 -- September 22, 1992) was an American politician who served as a Massachusetts State Representative, and the Treasurer and Receiver-General of Massachusetts.	John E. Hurley	politician
occupation	Lawrence Benjamin Brown (August 29, 1893 -- December 25, 1972) was an African-American composer and pianist born in Jacksonville, Florida.	Lawrence Benjamin Brown	composer
occupation	Osby Karl Clark, or Karl Clark (born October 16, 1957) is an American police officer from North Carolina, and a former police chief, best known for his service on international assignments with the International Police.	Karl Clark	police officer
occupation	Frank Ayd (October 14, 1920 -- March 21, 2008) was an American psychiatrist known for introducing the first antipsychotic medications into US clinical practice, being granted the first permit from the Food and Drug Administration to use Thorazine for schizophrenia.	Frank Ayd	psychiatrist
occupation	Simon Bucharoff (April 20, 1881, Berdychiv, Ukraine -- November 24, 1955) was an American pianist, composer and educator born in Berdychiv, Ukraine.	Simon Bucharoff	composer
occupation	Jeremiah Jae is an American rapper and producer from the neighborhood of Jackson Park Highlands in Chicago, Illinois.	Jeremiah Jae	rapper
occupation	Frank Stewart Scott (August 23, 1879 -- February 13, 1943) was a Canadian shoe manufacturer and politician.	Frank Stewart Scott	politician
occupation	Bernard Wagenaar (July 18, 1894 -- May 19, 1971) was a Dutch/American composer, conductor and violinist.	Bernard Wagenaar	composer
occupation	Larry Goldings (born 1968) is an American pianist, organist, producer/arranger and composer.	Larry Goldings	pianist	composer
occupation	Elli Alexiou (sometimes Ellē; c. 1894--1988) was a Greek author, playwright and journalist.	Elli Alexiou	author	journalist
occupation	Lanny Wolfe (born February 2, 1942) is an American Christian music songwriter, musician, music publisher, and music teacher.	Lanny Wolfe	songwriter
occupation	Salvador Reyes Figueroa was a Chilean writer who won the National Literature Prize 1967.	Salvador Reyes Figueroa	writer
occupation	King Bailey Parsons Jr. (born June 11, 1950) is a former professional wrestler better known by his ring name Iceman King Parsons.	King Parsons	professional wrestler
occupation	Numenius of Apamea (Ancient Greek: Νουμήνιος ὁ ἐξ Ἀπαμείας) was a Greek philosopher, who lived in Apamea in Syria and flourished during the latter half of the 2nd century AD.	Numenius of Apamea	philosopher
occupation	Richard Archbold (April 9, 1907 -- August 1, 1976) was an American zoologist and philanthropist.	Richard Archbold	zoologist
occupation	Eric Darnell (born 1961) is an American director, writer, songwriter, animator and occasional voice actor.	Eric Darnell	animator	voice actor
occupation	Caterina Fake (born 1969 or 1970) is an American entrepreneur and businesswoman.	Caterina Fake	entrepreneur
occupation	Fazle Mahmud is a First class and List A cricketer from Bangladesh who is sometimes referred to on scoresheets by his nickname 'Rabbi'.	Fazle Mahmud	cricketer
occupation	Yuna Nishimura (西村優奈; born December 20, 1933), is a child actor from Tokyo.	Yuna Nishimura	actor
occupation	George Hunt Barton (1852-1933) was an American geologist, arctic explorer, and college professor.	George Hunt Barton	explorer
occupation	Joy Laurey is the pen name of a French writer, Jean-Pierre Imbrohoris (August 6, 1943 - December 13, 1993), author of the series of erotic novels Joy.	Joy Laurey	writer
occupation	Bianca Pappas is an American beauty pageant contestant who, in 2011, won the title of Miss New York United States in the New York State preliminary round of the Miss United States competition.The contest was organized by pageant director, Margaret Louise Skourlis.	Bianca Pappas	beauty pageant contestant
occupation	Johann Wilhelm Baier (November 11, 1647 -- October 19, 1695) was Lutheran theologian of the seventeenth century in the Lutheran scholastic tradition.	Johann Wilhelm Baier	theologian
occupation	Tiffanie DeBartolo (born November 27, 1970, Youngstown, Ohio) is an American novelist, filmmaker, and co-founder of independent record label Bright Antenna.	Tiffanie DeBartolo	novelist
occupation	Abraham Nemeth (October 16, 1918 -- October 2, 2013) was an American mathematician and inventor.	Abraham Nemeth	mathematician
occupation	Joyce Vincent Wilson (born December 14, 1946, Detroit, Michigan) is an American singer, most famous for being one-third of the group Tony Orlando and Dawn.	Joyce Vincent Wilson	singer
occupation	Scott Hoffman (born September 1, 1976), known by his stage name Babydaddy, is an American musician and the Ivor Novello Award-winning multi-instrumentalist, backing vocalist and lyricist for the U.S. glam rock band, Scissor Sisters.	Babydaddy	musician
occupation	Robert Merrihew Adams (born September 8, 1937), known to intimates as ``Bob'', is an American analytic philosopher of metaphysics, religion and morality.	Robert Merrihew Adams	philosopher
occupation	Victor Argo (November 5, 1934 -- April 7, 2004) was an American actor of Puerto Rican descent who usually played the part of a tough bad guy in his movies.	Victor Argo	actor
occupation	Laura Stevenson (born April 25, 1984) is an American singer-songwriter based on Long Island, New York, and formerly a keyboard player for the musical collective Bomb the Music Industry!.	Laura Stevenson	singer-songwriter
occupation	Dorothy Devore (June 22, 1899 -- September 10, 1976) was an American silent film actor and comedian in her time.	Dorothy Devore	actor
occupation	Major General Sir Marie-Joseph-Eugène Fiset KCMG (March 15, 1874 -- June 8, 1951) was a Canadian physician, military officer, Deputy Minister of Militia and Defence, Member of Parliament, the 18th Lieutenant Governor of Quebec, and the 3rd Canadian Surgeon General.	Eugène Fiset	physician
occupation	Cory Blair (born June 28, 1985) is an Australian born American rugby union player.	Cory Blair	rugby union player
occupation	Bernt Petersen (born 1937), often known simply as Bernt, is a Danish furniture designer.	Bernt Petersen	designer
occupation	Dominick F. Mullaney (July 25, 1854 in New York City -- August 1929) was an American politician from New York.	Dominick F. Mullaney	politician
occupation	Dimitrios Douros (born June 3, 1980 in United States) is a former Olympic baseball player.	Dimitrios Douros	baseball player
occupation	Loudovikos ton Anogeion (Greek: Λουδοβίκος των Ανωγείων) is the performing name of George Dramountanis, a contemporary Greek musician and composer from Crete.	Loudovikos ton Anogeion	composer
occupation	Benedict Silberman, originally Boruch Hirsch-Benedigton Silberman (December 5, 1901 Helsinki, Finland - December 11, 1971 Hilversum, Netherlands), was a Jewish composer and conductor.	Benedict Silberman	composer	conductor
occupation	Francisco Cavalcanti Pontes de Miranda (April 23, 1892 - December 22, 1979) was a prominent Brazilian jurist, judge, diplomat and professor of Law at the Federal University of Pernambuco.	Francisco Cavalcanti Pontes de Miranda	diplomat
occupation	Marcoat was a minor Gascon troubadour and joglar who flourished in the mid twelfth century.	Marcoat	troubadour
occupation	Luke Reilly (born November 23, 1995 in Richmond, British Columbia) is a Canadian medley swimmer.	Luke Reilly	swimmer
occupation	Dénes Kőnig (September 21, 1884 -- October 19, 1944) was a Jewish Hungarian mathematician who worked in and wrote the first textbook on the field of graph theory.	Dénes Kőnig	mathematician
occupation	Dr. Roland Mengyi (born March 1, 1975) is a Hungarian jurist and politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) for Tiszaújváros (Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County Constituency XII then VI) since 2010.	Roland Mengyi	politician
occupation	Tatjana Wood (née Tatjana Weintraub, in Darmstadt, Germany) is an American artist and comic book colorist.	Tatjana Wood	artist
occupation	Joseph Patrick Cranshaw (June 17, 1919 -- December 28, 2005) was an American film and television actor known for his distinctive look and deadpan humor.	Patrick Cranshaw	actor
occupation	Bemvindo Sequeira (born July 27, 1947) is a Brazilian actor, comedian, author, theater, and television director.	Bemvindo Sequeira	actor
occupation	Carl Johan Billmark (1804--70)was a Swedish landscape painter.	Carl Johan Billmark	painter
occupation	Michael F. Walsh (February 24, 1894, Brooklyn, Kings County, New York -- July 22, 1956, Brooklyn, New York City) was an American lawyer and Democrat politician.	Michael F. Walsh	lawyer	politician
occupation	Maurice Vaute was a Belgian composer of classical music, conductor and music teacher.	Maurice Vaute	composer	conductor
occupation	Samuel Rose (1767--1804) was an English barrister and literary editor, now remembered as the friend of William Cowper, the poet.	Samuel Rose	literary editor
occupation	Ruth Tringham is an anthropologist, focusing on the archaeology of Neolithic Europe and southwest Asia.	Ruth Tringham	anthropologist
occupation	Rafael Solis (born January 2, 1958 in Río Piedras, Puerto Rico) is a former junior lightweight boxer from Puerto Rico.	Rafael Solis	boxer
occupation	Nelson Merced (born August 17, 1947 in New York City) is a Massachusetts Latino activist and politician.	Nelson Merced	politician
occupation	Major General (Retired) Jim Muhwezi Katugugu is a Ugandan lawyer, politician and retired military officer.	Jim Muhwezi	politician
occupation	Linda Johnson (born October 14, 1953) is an American professional poker player, journalist and consultant, based in Las Vegas, Nevada.	Linda Johnson	poker player
occupation	David J. Lipman is an American biologist who since 1989 has been the Director of the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) at the National Institutes of Health.	David J. Lipman	biologist
occupation	The Polyphemos Painter (or Polyphemus Painter) was a high Proto-Attic vase painter, active in Athens or on Aegina.	Polyphemos Painter	vase painter
occupation	Devendra Patel is a politician from Madhya Pradesh.He had fought the 2008 Madhya Pradesh legislative assembly elections from Silwani in the district of Raisenon the ticket of Bharatiya Janshakti Party in 2008.	Devendra Patel	politician
occupation	Carole Hayman is an English writer, broadcaster, actor and director.	Carole Hayman	writer
occupation	Ronald Ward was a British actor who appeared in more than twenty British films between 1931 and 1956.	Ronald Ward	actor
occupation	Josh Vietti is an American Grammy nominated violinist and composer from Los Angeles, California.	Josh Vietti	violinist	composer
occupation	Michael Gow is an Australian playwright and director most famed for his 1986 work Away.	Michael Gow	playwright
occupation	Anna Dodge married another silent film actor George Hernandez and was frequently credited as Anna Hernandez.	Anna Dodge	actor
occupation	Joseph Plumb Martin (November 21, 1760 -- May 2, 1850) was a soldier in the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War, holding the rank of private for most of the war.	Joseph Plumb Martin	soldier
occupation	Sir Alexander Napier, second Laird of Merchistoun (died c. 1473-4), was a Scottish politician and diplomat.	Alexander Napier	politician	diplomat
occupation	Sokol Gjoka is an Albanian diplomat and is the current Albanian ambassador to the Russian Federation.	Sokol Gjoka	diplomat
occupation	Ralph G. Wright (born June 10, 1935) is a retired teacher and politician who served as Speaker of the Vermont House of Representatives.	Ralph G. Wright	politician
occupation	Hans Jacoby (1904--1963) was a German screenwriter and art director.	Hans Jacoby	screenwriter
occupation	Vatasseri Damodara Nambudiri was an astronomer-mathematician of the Kerala school of astronomy and mathematics who flourished during the fifteenth century CE. He was a son of Vatasseri Paramesvara (1360--1425) who developed the drigganita system of astronomical computations.	Damodara	astronomer	mathematician
occupation	Heather Marks (born July 25, 1988) is a Canadian model known in the fashion world for her big eyes and doll-like or elven features.	Heather Marks	model
occupation	Mickey Hergert (born 1941 in Portland, Oregon) is a former American football running back and baseball player and coach in the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics with Lewis & Clark College.	Mickey Hergert	baseball player
occupation	Aimee Carter (born January 24, 1986) is an American writer of young adult fiction.	Aimee Carter	writer
occupation	Pablo Rojas Paz (June 26, 1896 - October 1, 1956) was an Argentine writer born in Tucumán.	Pablo Rojas Paz	writer
occupation	Betty Curtis (b. as Roberta Corti March 21, 1936 -- June 15, 2006) was an Italian singer active from 1957 to 2004.	Betty Curtis	singer
occupation	Cheryl Hayashi is a biologist at University of California, Riverside who specializes in the genetic structure of spider silk.	Cheryl Hayashi	biologist
occupation	Kevin Reagan is a three-time Grammy Award-winning graphic designer/art director, also honored by the AIGA, Print, and Communication Arts.	Kevin Reagan	graphic designer
occupation	Enetama Lipitoa is a former politician from Niue.	Enetama Lipitoa	politician
occupation	In a 2009 review of three newly published books on Lincoln, historian Brian Dirck linked the earlier work of Thomas DiLorenzo with that of Lerone Bennett, another critic of Lincoln.	Thomas DiLorenzo	historian
occupation	Mike Tompkins is a U.S. politician who was the Natural Law Party vice presidential candidate during the 1992 and 1996 presidential elections.	Mike Tompkins	politician
occupation	Manny Perry is an American stunt coordinator and stuntman, having a part in dozens of films such as Armageddon, Con Air, and The Mighty Ducks, to name a few.	Manny Perry	stunt coordinator
occupation	Ellen Perry '12 is an award-winning film director, writer, producer and cinematographer.	Ellen Perry	film director
occupation	Heather Richardson-Bergsma (born March 20, 1989) is an American speed skater who has competed since 2006.	Heather Richardson-Bergsma	speed skater
occupation	David N. Johnson (born June 28, 1922, San Antonio, Texas) (died August 2, 1987 in Tempe, Arizona) was an American organist, composer, educator, choral clinician, and lecturer.	David N. Johnson	composer
occupation	Hobart Peyton Young (born March 9, 1945) is an American game theorist and economist known for his contributions to evolutionary game theory and its application to the study of institutional and technological change, as well as the theory of learning in games.	Peyton Young	economist
occupation	Shlomit Malka (Hebrew: שלומית מלכה‎; sometimes called Shiloh Malka; born December 23, 1993) is an Israeli fashion model from Tel Aviv.	Shlomit Malka	model
occupation	Lucius Fairchild (December 27, 1831 -- May 23, 1896) was an American politician, army general, and diplomat.	Lucius Fairchild	diplomat
occupation	Michael Lomonaco (born January 2, 1955) is an American chef, restaurateur, and television personality.	Michael Lomonaco	chef
occupation	Dr. Ugo A. Perego is a population geneticist whose main focuses of study have been the origins of Native Americans and the DNA of Joseph Smith, among others.	Ugo A. Perego	geneticist
occupation	Warren Fitzgerald (born September 15, 1968) is an American punk rock musician, guitarist, songwriter, and record label owner.	Warren Fitzgerald	guitarist
occupation	Jeannette Montgomery Barron (born October 3, 1956) is an American photographer known for her portraits of artists such as Andy Warhol, Jean-Michel Basquiat, and Cindy Sherman, and for her still life photography.	Jeannette Montgomery Barron	photographer
occupation	Carson Beebe (born August 13, 1988) is an American professional mixed martial artist who currently competes for the World Series of Fighting.	Carson Beebe	mixed martial artist
occupation	Ahmad Bourghani Farahani (in Persian: احمد بورقانی فراهانی; January 2, 1960 -- February 2, 2008) was an influential Iranian reformist politician, notable journalist, writer and political analyst.	Ahmad Bourghani	politician	journalist
occupation	Willie Milan is an award winning Filipino film director and screenwriter.	Willie Milan	film director
occupation	Representative John Spiros (born July 28, 1961 in Akron, Ohio) is an American businessman and politician.	John Spiros	politician
occupation	Judith Steinberg Dean, M.D., (born May 9, 1953) is a physician from Burlington, Vermont.	Judith Steinberg Dean	physician
occupation	Berthold Tours (Rotterdam, Dec 17, 1838 -- London, Mar 11, 1897) was a Dutch-born English violinist, composer and music editor.	Berthold Tours	composer
occupation	Shady Othman (Arabic: شادي عثمان‎; born September 20, 1981) is an Arab-European actor.	Shady Othman	actor
occupation	Wilfred Fairclough (1907 -- 1996) was an English artist, engraver and printmaker.	Wilfred Fairclough	engraver
occupation	Angus Ellis Taylor (October 13, 1911 -- April 6, 1999) was a mathematician and professor at various universities in the University of California system.	Angus Ellis Taylor	mathematician
occupation	Krishna Balagita, popular by his first name Krishna(born March 26, 1967 in Jakarta), is a Jakarta-born musician, arranger and composer.	Krishna Balagita	musician	composer
occupation	Ulrich Beyers is a South African rugby union player, currently playing with Italian side Zebre in the Pro12 and European Rugby Challenge Cup.	Ulrich Beyers	rugby union player
occupation	Lopo Homem (16th century) was a Portuguese cartographer and cosmographer.	Lopo Homem	cartographer
occupation	Herman Snellen (February 19, 1834 -- January 18, 1908) was a Dutch ophthalmologist who introduced the Snellen chart to study visual acuity (1862).	Herman Snellen	ophthalmologist
occupation	Ede Reményi or Eduard Reményi (Hungarian name order: Reményi Ede) (January 17, 1828 -- May 15, 1898) was a Hungarian violinist and composer.	Ede Reményi	violinist	composer
occupation	Ebrahim Hamedi (), known better by his stage name Ebi (ابی), is an Iranian singer.	Ebi	singer
occupation	Mukhtar Magauin is a Kazakh writer and publicist.	Mukhtar Magauin	writer
occupation	Omer Hussain is a left-handed batsman and is cousin of fellow Scottish international cricketer Majid Haq.	Omer Hussain	cricketer
occupation	Allen Hoey (October 21, 1952 -- June 16, 2010) was an American poet, novelist, and literary critic who received numerous honors during his lifetime, including a Pulitzer Prize nomination for his 2008 collection of poems Country Music.	Allen Hoey	novelist
occupation	Rolf Singer (June 23, 1906 -- January 18, 1994) was a German-born mycologist and one of the most important taxonomists of gilled mushrooms (agarics) in the 20th century.	Rolf Singer	mycologist
occupation	Robert Trimble (November 17, 1776 -- August 25, 1828) was an attorney, judge, and a justice of the United States Supreme Court.	Robert Trimble	judge
occupation	Alice O'Fredericks (1899--1968) was a Danish actress, screen writer, and film director.	Alice O'Fredericks	film director
occupation	Inês Pedrosa (born August 15, 1962 in Coimbra) is a Portuguese journalist, novelist, short story writer, children's writer and playwright.	Inês Pedrosa	journalist
occupation	Antony Szeto (Chinese: 司徒永華) is an Australian film director and producer based mostly in Hong Kong.	Antony Szeto	film director
occupation	James Staiano is the executive chef of the Madison Room and Bar at the New York Palace Hotel in New York City, where he has worked for 24 years.	James Staiano	chef
occupation	Cheung Chi Yip (Chinese: 張志業; Jyutping: zoeng1 zi3 jip6; born December 26, 1986 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Konger judoka.	Cheung Chi Yip	judoka
occupation	Ger Fennelly (born 22 January 1954) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a centre-forward and as a midfielder for the Kilkenny senior team.	Ger Fennelly	hurler
occupation	Fran Flory is the head coach of the Louisiana State University women's indoor and beach volleyball teams.	Fran Flory	head coach
occupation	Gerald Marwell (born February 12, 1937 in Brooklyn, New York, died March 24, 2013 in New York, New York) was an American sociologist, social psychologist and behavioral economist.	Gerald Marwell	sociologist
occupation	Josh Freed is a Canadian writer, director and actor.	Josh Freed	writer	actor
occupation	Christine L. Chen is a two-time Emmy Award winning American journalist, author of ``Happy-Go-Yoga'', certified Yoga instructor, and founder of Christine Chen Yoga.	Christine Chen	journalist
occupation	Marcus Coloma (born October 18, 1978) is an American actor and musician of Hawaiian and Italian descent.	Marcus Coloma	actor
occupation	At the decoration of the hypostyle hall walls of the temple of Khonsu at Karnak, Herihor served several years under king Ramesses XI since he is shown obediently performing his duties as chief priest under this sovereign.	Herihor	priest
occupation	Christopher Peters (born September 23, 1968) is an American actor, movie producer, and writer.	Christopher Peters	writer
occupation	Martha Southgate (born December 12, 1960) is an African-American novelist and essayist best known for her novel Third Girl from the Left.	Martha Southgate	novelist
occupation	Paz Encina (born July 9, 1971) is a Paraguayan director and screenwriter, known for her drama film Hamaca paraguaya (2006), winner of the FIPRESCI Award of the Cannes Film Festival.	Paz Encina	screenwriter
occupation	Reginald Foster Dagnall was a British engineer and aircraft designer.	Reginald Foster Dagnall	engineer
occupation	Jorge Swett Palomeque (February 6, 1926 -- February 24, 2012) was an Ecuadorian muralist, painter, lawyer and writer.	Jorge Swett	painter
occupation	Bryant G. Wood is a biblical archaeologist and Research Director of the inerrantist Associates for Biblical Research.	Bryant G. Wood	archaeologist
occupation	Khachik Dashtents (Armenian: Խաչիկ Դաշտենց; Khachik Tonoyi Tonoyan, May 25, 1910 - March 9, 1974) was an ethnic Armenian Soviet writer, poet and translator.	Khachik Dashtents	writer	translator
occupation	Theodore Frankel (born 1929) is a mathematician who introduced the Andreotti--	Theodore Frankel	mathematician
occupation	Edmund Billings (January 14, 1868 -- February 7, 1929) was a Canadian born American financier, banker, sociologist, philanthropist, and government official who served on a number of relief committees and was Collector of Customs for the Port of Boston during World War I.	Edmund Billings	financier
occupation	Richard Venable (born October 2, 1944) is a Tennessee politician currently serving as head of NETWORKS - Sullivan Partnership, a joint economic development effort of Sullivan County and its cities.	Richard Venable	politician
occupation	Pinchas Polonsky (Russian: Полонский Петр (Пинхас) Ефимович, born 1958) is a Russian-Israeli Jewish-religious philosopher, researcher, and educator active among the Russian-speaking Jewish community.	Pinchas Polonsky	philosopher
occupation	John Zeller, also known by his German name Johannes Zeller, was a 19th-century Protestant missionary in Ottoman Palestine.	John Zeller	missionary
occupation	Roger M. Buergel (born 1962) is a writer and curator.	Roger M. Buergel	curator
occupation	Linda Higgins (born November 11, 1950) is a Minnesota politician and former member of the Minnesota Senate who represents District 59, which included portions of the city of Minneapolis in Hennepin County, which is in the Twin Cities metropolitan area.	Linda Higgins	politician
occupation	He was the son and heir of William Trumbull (1594--1668) and grandson of William Trumbull, the Jacobean period diplomat.	William Trumbull	diplomat
occupation	Des Alwi Abubakar (November 17, 1927 -- November 12, 2010) was an Indonesian historian, diplomat, writer and advocate of the Banda Islands.	Des Alwi	historian	diplomat
occupation	The Maître de Chaource was an unidentified sculptor who worked in the late 15th and early 16th century, in the French town of Chaource.	Maître de Chaource	sculptor
occupation	Thomas Tremain (born 1737) was an English organist.	Thomas Tremain	organist
occupation	Karan Gera is an award winning artist.	Karan Gera	artist
occupation	Hamilton Moore is a Baptist theologian and lecturer.	Hamilton Moore	lecturer
occupation	Kevan Frost is a British Tony Award-- and Drama Desk Award--nominated composer, musician, and record producer.	Kevan Frost	composer
occupation	Weer Rajendra Rishi (1917 -- 2002) was an Indian linguist, diplomatic translator, and Romani studies scholar.	Weer Rajendra Rishi	linguist
occupation	S. P. Somtow (a rearrangement of his real name Somtow Papinian Sucharitkul; Thai: สมเถา สุจริตกุล; rtgs: Somthao Sucharitakun; born December 30, 1952) is a Thai-American musical composer.	S. P. Somtow	composer
occupation	He also performed as a bassist and lead singer in bands such as Death Piggy, X-Cops, and the Dave Brockie Experience (DBX), and starred in the comedy/horror TV sitcom Holliston as Oderus Urungus.	Dave Brockie	singer
occupation	Hamid Rana is a Pakistani stage and television actor who appears in Lollywood movies.	Hamid Rana	actor
occupation	Fred Wesley (born July 4, 1943) is an American jazz and funk trombonist, best known for his work with James Brown in the 1960s and 1970s, as well as Parliament-Funkadelic in the second half of the 1970s.	Fred Wesley	trombonist
occupation	Commodore Lakdasa Dissanayake, FRCS, SLVNF was a Sri Lanka surgeon.	Lakdasa Dissanayake	surgeon
occupation	Underwood Dudley (born January 6, 1937) is a mathematician, formerly of DePauw University, who has written a number of research works and textbooks but is best known for his popular writing.	Underwood Dudley	mathematician
occupation	Ako Mitchell is a British-American actor and filmmaker.	Ako Mitchell	actor
occupation	Florin Spulber is the Romanian national ski jumping coach and a former ski jumper.	Florin Spulber	ski jumper
occupation	William Adams Delano (January 21, 1874 -- January 12, 1960), an American architect, was a partner with Chester Holmes Aldrich in the firm of Delano & Aldrich.	William Adams Delano	architect
occupation	Edward Blatchford (sometimes credited as Ed Blatchford) is an American actor.	Edward Blatchford	actor
occupation	Kate Yeung (Chinese: 楊淇) is an Hong Kong actress and singer.	Kate Yeung	singer
occupation	Jon Stewart (born Jonathan Stuart Leibowitz; November 28, 1962) is an American comedian, writer, producer, director, actor, media critic, and former television host.	Jon Stewart	writer	actor
occupation	Simmias of Thebes (Greek: Σιμμίας; fl. 5th--4th century BCE) was an ancient Greek philosopher, disciple of Socrates, and a friend of Cebes.	Simmias of Thebes	philosopher
occupation	Mohammad Iqbal Qasim (Urdu: محمد اقبال قاسم‎; born August 6, 1953 in Karachi, Sindh) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played in 50 Tests and 15 ODIs from 1976 to 1988.	Iqbal Qasim	cricketer
occupation	Benjamin Bowring (May 17, 1778 -- June 1, 1846) was an English watchmaker, jeweller, and businessman.	Benjamin Bowring	watchmaker
occupation	James Huang (born January 11, 1977) is an American film and television actor and producer/director.	James Huang	actor
occupation	Bobby Vitale, also known as Bobby Vitali, (born June 30, 1965) is a retired American pornographic actor of Italian descent.	Bobby Vitale	pornographic actor
occupation	Anne Bauchens (February 2, 1882 -- May 7, 1967) was an American film editor who is particularly noted for her collaboration over 40 years with the director Cecil B. DeMille.	Anne Bauchens	film editor
occupation	Peter H. Rossi (December 27, 1921 -- October 7, 2006) was a prominent sociologist best known for his research on the origin of homelessness, and documenting the changing face of American homelessness in the 1980s.	Peter H. Rossi	sociologist
occupation	Jon Courtney is a British singer, guitarist, and keyboard player, formerly in the rock band Pure Reason Revolution.	Jon Courtney	guitarist
occupation	Nordvargr is the most commonly used name for Swedish musician Henrik Nordvargr Björkk.	Nordvargr	musician
occupation	Christopher Good is an English actor best known for his work on television.	Christopher Good	actor
occupation	Terry McAulay is an American football official in the National Football League (NFL) since the 1998 NFL season, and Coordinator of Football Officials for the American Athletic Conference since 2008, when the conference was known as the Big East Conference.	Terry McAulay	official
occupation	Ashley Klose is a composer, musical artist, teacher and sound producer based in Adelaide, South Australia.	Ashley Klose	composer
occupation	April Webster is an Emmy award-winning casting director, based in Los Angeles, California, known for her work in film and television.	April Webster	casting director
occupation	Dylan Walsh (born Charles Hunter Walsh: November 17, 1963) is an American actor.	Dylan Walsh	actor
occupation	Johannes Elias Teijsmann (June 1, 1808--June 22, 1882) was a biologist, botanist and plant collector.	Johannes Elias Teijsmann	botanist
occupation	Baron Barrymore Halpenny is a commercial artist, executive editor, writer and historian of traditions and culture, who does work for several publications, but is best known for his book cover illustrations for Ghost Stations, for which he has also been editor for the newly released series.	Baron Barrymore Halpenny	editor
occupation	Selig Percy Amoils, FRCS, born 1933, is a South African ophthalmologist and biomedical engineering inventor.	Selig Percy Amoils	ophthalmologist
occupation	Henry Gray Turner (March 20, 1839 -- June 9, 1904) was an American politician, teacher, jurist and soldier.	Henry Gray Turner	politician
occupation	Randy Powell is a writer who has penned several books in the young adult literature genre.	Randy Powell	writer
occupation	William H. Ginsburg (March 25, 1943 -- April 1, 2013) was an American lawyer, best known for representing former White House intern Monica Lewinsky in her controversy regarding sexual activities with President Bill Clinton in 1998.	William H. Ginsburg	lawyer
occupation	Matt Maki was a Finland-born carpenter/builder and self-styled architect in Montana.	Matt Maki	architect
occupation	Paul Michael Levesque (born July 27, 1969), better known by his ring name Triple H (an abbreviation of the name Hunter Hearst Helmsley), is an American professional wrestler and actor.	Triple H	professional wrestler	actor
occupation	Fulgence Charpentier, OC (June 29, 1897 -- February 6, 2001) was a French Canadian journalist, editor and publisher.	Fulgence Charpentier	journalist
occupation	Alison Fitzgerald is an award-winning American journalist for the Center for Public Integrity based in Washington, DC. She previously worked at Bloomberg News for 10 years as a financial reporter.	Alison Fitzgerald	journalist
occupation	William Meninger, O.C.S.O. is an American Trappist monk, who is a noted spiritual teacher and the developer of Centering Prayer, a method of prayer which has become widespread throughout the world.	William Meninger	monk
occupation	Marilyn Michaels is a comedian, singer, actress, impressionist, author, and composer.	Marilyn Michaels	singer
occupation	Juan Torena (1898--1983) was a Filipino-born footballer and actor.	Juan Torena	actor
occupation	K. Vijaya Bhaskar is a film director in the Telugu film industry, Most of the films he directed were blockbusters and written by Trivikram Srinivas, a Telugu movie director who recently did Attarintiki Daredi.	K. Vijaya Bhaskar	film director
occupation	Lionel Fernández Méndez (January 24, 1915 -- February 17, 1998) was an attorney and Puerto Rican politician.	Lionel Fernández Méndez	politician
occupation	Walter Clun (died August 2, 1664) was a noted English actor of the seventeenth century.	Walter Clun	actor
occupation	Samir Karnik (Punjabi: ਸਮੀਰ ਕਾਰ੍ਨਿਕ, Hindi: समीर कार्निक, Urdu: سمیر کارنک‎), is an Indian film director, producer and screenwriter of Hindi movies.	Samir Karnik	film director	screenwriter
occupation	M. Brian Blake (born 1971) is an American computer scientist/software engineer and the executive vice president for academic affairs and provost at Drexel University.	M. Brian Blake	computer scientist
occupation	Drew McWeeny (born May 26, 1970), also known by his pseudonym Moriarty, is a film critic, screenwriter, and the former west coast editor of the Ain't It Cool News website.	Drew McWeeny	screenwriter
occupation	Kelly DeVries (born 1956) is an American historian specializing in the warfare of the Middle Ages.	Kelly DeVries	historian
occupation	Sol Halperin (February 16, 1902 -- May 4, 1977) was an American special effects artist as well as a cinematographer.	Sol Halperin	cinematographer
occupation	Marc Ferrari (born January 27, 1962) is an American musician, author, entrepreneur and investor.	Marc Ferrari	musician
occupation	Wolf-Dieter Heiss (born December 31, 1939) is an Austrian neuroscientist, Director of the Department of Neurology, University of Cologne and of Department of General Neurology at the Max-Planck-Institute for Neurlogical Research, Cologne (Germany).	Wolf-Dieter Heiss	neuroscientist
occupation	Al Tesch (January 27, 1891 in Jersey City, New Jersey -- August 3, 1947 in Jersey City, New Jersey), nicknamed ``Tiny'', was a baseball player who was positioned at second base for the Brooklyn Tip-Tops in 8 games in 1915.	Al Tesch	baseball player
occupation	Denis Shapovalov (Russian: Денис Викторович Шаповалов; born April 15, 1999) is a Canadian junior tennis player.	Denis Shapovalov	tennis player
occupation	Steve Addabbo is a Grammy nominated producer, musician, songwriter and audio engineer who helped launch the careers of Suzanne Vega, and Shawn Colvin.	Steve Addabbo	songwriter	audio engineer
occupation	Arthur L. Selland (December 31, 1905 -- December 5, 1963) was an American politician, and mayor of Fresno, California from 1958 to 1963.	Arthur L. Selland	politician
occupation	Yasna Provoste Campillay (born December 16, 1969) is a Chilean teacher and Christian Democrat politician.	Yasna Provoste	politician
occupation	Frico Kafenda (October 2, 1883 - September 3, 1963) was a Slovak composer, and a musical pedagogue.	Frico Kafenda	composer
occupation	Nasra Agil (Somali: Nasra Cagil, Arabic: نصرة العقيل‎) is a Somali-Canadian civil engineer and entrepreneur.	Nasra Agil	engineer
occupation	Kris Defoort is a Belgian avant-garde jazz pianist and composer.	Kris Defoort	pianist	composer
occupation	Sergio Bergman is an Argentine rabbi, politician, pharmacist, writer, and social activist.	Sergio Bergman	rabbi	politician
occupation	In her later years Ingrīda Priedīte is also an excellent correspondence chess player.	Ingrīda Priedīte	chess player
occupation	Izler Solomon (January 11, 1910 - December 6, 1987) was an American orchestra conductor, active mostly in the Midwest.	Izler Solomon	conductor
occupation	Frederic Marlett Bell-Smith (September 26, 1846 -- June 23, 1923) was a Canadian landscape painter best known for his works of the Rocky Mountains and the Selkirk Range.	Frederic Marlett Bell-Smith	painter
occupation	Thane Camus (born November 27, 1970) is an American-born TV personality and actor in Japan.	Thane Camus	actor
occupation	Matt Borlenghi (born Matteo Andrea Borlenghi on May 25, 1967) is an American actor, best known for his roles as Brian Bodine on All My Children from 1991 to 1993 and 1996, as Russ on The Jeff Foxworthy Show, and as Rich Casey on Police Academy:	Matt Borlenghi	actor
occupation	(James) Henry Broderick was an Irish Labour Party politician.	Henry Broderick	politician
occupation	Coles Whalen is an Americana, pop and country singer-songwriter based in Denver.	Coles Whalen	singer-songwriter
occupation	Maritza Correia (born December 23, 1981), also known by her married name Maritza McClendon, is an Olympic swimmer from the United States.	Maritza Correia	swimmer
occupation	Tom Tyler (August 9, 1903 -- May 3, 1954) was an American actor known for his leading roles in low-budget Western films in the silent and sound eras, and for his portrayal of superhero Captain Marvel in the 1941 serial film The Adventures of Captain Marvel.	Tom Tyler	actor
occupation	Martha Hopkins Struever is an American Indian art dealer, author, and leading scholar on historic and contemporary Pueblo Indian pottery and Pueblo and Navajo Indian jewelry.	Martha Hopkins Struever	art dealer
occupation	Jo Garcia (born August 3, 1980) is an American nude and lingerie Playboy model who became Playboy's Cyber Girl of the Year in 2008, after being named Cyber Girl of the Month in October 2007, and Cyber Girl of the Week for the week of June 18, 2007.	Jo Garcia	model
occupation	William B. Keene (born February 23, 1925 in Youngstown) was a Los Angeles County Superior Court judge from 1965 to 1984 He is perhaps best known as a judge in the reality series Divorce Court.	William B. Keene	judge
occupation	Daniel Peter Layard (1721--1802) was an English physician and midwife.	Daniel Peter Layard	physician	midwife
occupation	Helmut Thaler (born January 22, 1940) was an Austrian luger who competed from the late 1950s to the late 1960s.	Helmut Thaler	luger
occupation	Shawn Mullins (born March 8, 1968) is an American singer-songwriter who specializes in folk rock, instrumental rock, adult alternative, and Americana music.	Shawn Mullins	singer-songwriter
occupation	Paul Thagard (born September 28, 1950) is a Canadian philosopher who specializes in philosophy, cognitive science, and the philosophy of science.	Paul Thagard	philosopher
occupation	Robert Rufo is an American jurist and politician who current serves as an Associate Justice of the Suffolk County Superior Court in Massachusetts.	Robert Rufo	politician
occupation	Norah McClintock is a Canadian writer of young-adult fiction.	Norah McClintock	writer
occupation	Richard Leiterman (March 7, 1935 -- July 14, 2005) was a well-known Canadian cinematographer, best known for documentary and feature film work in the 1960s and 1970s.	Richard Leiterman	cinematographer
occupation	E. Jennifer Monaghan (born Edith Jennifer Walker; January 19, 1933 -- September 14, 2014), also known as Jennifer Monaghan, was an educator and historian.	E. Jennifer Monaghan	historian
occupation	Mark Schiff is an American voice-actor and comedian.	Mark Schiff	actor
occupation	Dan Kopelman is an American television producer, television writer and actor.	Dan Kopelman	actor
occupation	Philip Pendleton Cooke (October 26, 1816 -- January 20, 1850) was an American lawyer and minor poet from Virginia.	Philip Pendleton Cooke	poet
occupation	Fyke Farmer (November 25, 1901 -- May 23, 1997), was a Tennessee lawyer who worked on the behalf of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg.	Fyke Farmer	lawyer
occupation	Alfons Maniura (July 31, 1895 -- March 27, 1942) was a Polish soldier who fought in all three Silesian Uprisings (as a Sergeant in the third one), and in the Battle of Annaberg.	Alfons Maniura	soldier
occupation	Johann Sebastian Paetsch (born in Colorado Springs, U.S. on April 11, 1964) is an American cellist and musician.	Johann Sebastian Paetsch	cellist	musician
occupation	Adim Williams is Nigerian film director best known for his work on the Abuja Connection trilogy of films.	Adim Williams	film director
occupation	Effie Smith (born Effie May Bly, April 10, 1914 -- February 11, 1977) was an American blues and jazz singer and comedienne, best known for ``Dial That Telephone'', a song she first recorded in 1953 which became an R&B hit in 1965.	Effie Smith	singer
occupation	Lewis Ratcliff (b. April 24, 1981) is a retired professional lacrosse player.	Lewis Ratcliff	lacrosse player
occupation	Abram Chasins (August 17, 1903 -- June 21, 1987) was an American composer, pianist, piano teacher, lecturer, musicologist, music broadcaster, radio executive and author.	Abram Chasins	composer	pianist
occupation	Mahmud ibn Muhammad ibn Umar Jaghmini, or al-Jaghmini was a 14th-century Persian physician.	Jaghmini	physician
occupation	Denne Bart Petitclerc (May 15, 1929 -- February 3, 2006) was an American journalist, war correspondent, author, television producer, and screenwriter.	Denne Bart Petitclerc	journalist	television producer	screenwriter
occupation	Gjon Mili (November 28, 1904 -- February 14, 1984) was an Albanian-American photographer best known for his work published in LIFE which he photographed artists such as Pablo Picasso .	Gjon Mili	photographer
occupation	Lyn Murray (August 13, 1909 - April 29, 1989 or May 20, 1989) was a composer, conductor, and arranger of music for radio, film and television.	Lyn Murray	composer	conductor
occupation	Ross Wilkins (February 19, 1799 -- May 17, 1872) was an American politician and lawyer from Pennsylvania, who later served as a territorial and U.S. district court judge in the state of Michigan.	Ross Wilkins	politician	lawyer	judge
occupation	Santino Fontana (born March 21, 1982) is an American stage actor, director, and composer.	Santino Fontana	actor	composer
occupation	Rusty DeWees (born November 15, 1960) is an American actor, producer and writer.	Rusty DeWees	actor
occupation	Micaela Flores Amaya, La Chunga (The Difficult Woman), (Marseille, ~ 1938) is a Spanish flamenco dancer and painter of naïf art. She does not know the exact date she was born.	La Chunga	dancer	painter
occupation	Susan Campbell Bartoletti (born 1958) is an American writer of children's literature whose work includes Kids on Strike! and Hitler Youth:	Susan Campbell Bartoletti	writer
occupation	Mona Hassanein (Arabic: منى حسنين‎; born November 11, 1985), is an Egyptian fencer.	Mona Hassanein	fencer
occupation	Eliot Feld (born July 5, 1942) is an American modern ballet choreographer, performer and director.	Eliot Feld	choreographer
occupation	Loris Holland is an American composer, record producer, synthesizer and songwriter.	Loris Holland	composer	songwriter
occupation	Tore Nordenstam (born 1934) is a Swedish philosopher, with higher degrees from Gothenburg (M.A. 1961, fil. lic. 1961) and the University of Khartoum (Ph.D. 1965); he also studied at Uppsala and Oxford.	Tore Nordenstam	philosopher
occupation	Robin de Jesús (born August 21, 1984) is an American film and theater actor of Puerto Rican descent.	Robin de Jesús	actor
occupation	Dean Wright (born May 15, 1962) is a film director and visual effects supervisor, best known for his work on The Lord of the Rings film trilogy and The Chronicles of Narnia:	Dean Wright	film director
occupation	Lucy Raverat (née Pryor, born 1948) is the professional name used by Lucy Ethne Rawlinson, a British painter.	Lucy Raverat	painter
occupation	Briony Fer is a British art historian, critic, and curator.	Briony Fer	art historian
occupation	Kailash Kher is an Indian pop-rock singer with a music style influenced by Indian folk music.	Kailash Kher	singer
occupation	Monroe Mark Friedman (October 10, 1895 -- November 12, 1978) was briefly a United States federal judge, and later a California state judge.	Monroe Mark Friedman	judge
occupation	Nollis Marais is a South African rugby union coach, currently in charge of Pretoria-based side the Blue Bulls and of their associated Super Rugby franchise, the Bulls.	Nollis Marais	rugby union coach
occupation	William Vans Murray (February 9, 1760 -- December 11, 1803) was an American lawyer, politician, and statesman.	William Vans Murray	politician
occupation	The Brunswick Monogrammist was an anonymous Netherlandish painter, active in the mid-to-late 16th century.	Brunswick Monogrammist	painter
occupation	Yalchin Adigezalov is an Azerbaijani conductor.	Yalchin Adigezalov	conductor
occupation	Jamie Theriot (born January 30, 1979 in Arnaudville, Louisiana) is an American jockey.	Jamie Theriot	jockey
occupation	Donald Chaffin is a British artist, known for his illustrations for children's books, notably the first edition of Roald Dahl's Fantastic Mr Fox.	Donald Chaffin	artist
occupation	Charles Hatley (born January 26, 1986) is an American professional boxer, and is considered one of the best prospects in the Super welterweight division.	Charles Hatley	boxer
occupation	James L. McGregor is an American author, journalist and businessman who has lived in China for more than 25 years.	James L. McGregor	journalist
occupation	Geoff Dougherty is a Chicago journalist noted for founding two local news organizations, and for his work as a computer-assisted/quantitative journalist.	Geoff Dougherty	journalist
occupation	Clemmie Moodie (b. 8 December 1981) is an English journalist and associate features editor at the Daily Mirror.	Clemmie Moodie	journalist
occupation	Julien Loy (born February 1, 1976) is a French triathlete.	Julien Loy	triathlete
occupation	Alejandro Neciosup Acuña aka Alex Acuña (born December 12, 1944) is a Peruvian drummer and percussionist, in the Afro-Cuban jazz style.	Alex Acuña	drummer
occupation	Richard Brookhiser (born February 23, 1955) is an American journalist, biographer and historian.	Richard Brookhiser	historian
occupation	Catherine Filloux is a French-American playwright (her mother is from Oran, Algeria and her father from Guéret, France and she lives in New York City.)	Catherine Filloux	playwright
occupation	Myrna Summers (born March 30, 1949) is a Gospel Music singer who has performed professionally for over four decades and is now the Minister of Music at Reid Temple A.M.E. Church in Glenn Dale, Maryland.	Myrna Summers	singer
occupation	Richard Kristian Gutierrez, popularly known as Richard Gutierrez, is a Filipino actor.	Richard Gutierrez	actor
occupation	Treadwell Gibbons (born August 6 in Bermuda) is a Bermudian cricketer, who has played in two One Day Internationals with the Bermudian cricket team.	Treadwell Gibbons	cricketer
occupation	Louise Nicholson (born 1 May 1954) is a British arts journalist, author and lecturer who concentrates upon the art and culture of India and London.	Louise Nicholson	journalist	author	lecturer
occupation	Nicholas Platt (born March 10, 1936) is an American diplomat who served as U.S. Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to Pakistan, Philippines, Zambia, and as a high level diplomat in Canada, China, Hong Kong, and Japan.	Nicholas Platt	diplomat
occupation	Andrew Fetterly Wilkes-Krier (born May 9, 1979), better known by his stagename Andrew W.K., is an American singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, entertainer, motivational speaker, and music producer.	Andrew W.K.	singer	motivational speaker
occupation	Howard Llewellyn Swisher (September 21, 1870 -- August 27, 1945) was an American businessperson, real estate developer, orchardist, editor, writer, and historian.	Howard Llewellyn Swisher	historian
occupation	Sarah Bird is an American novelist, screenwriter, and journalist.	Sarah Bird	novelist	journalist
occupation	Ingrid Oliver is a British actress and comedian, and one half of the comic double act Watson & Oliver.	Ingrid Oliver	comedian
occupation	Lee Ho-yang (Korean: 이호양), better known by his stage name Shinsadong Tiger (Korean: 신사동호랭이 Shinsadong Horaengi) is a South Korean music producer and songwriter.	Shinsadong Tiger	songwriter
occupation	Anita Palmero (September 16, 1902 - January 11, 1987) was a Spanish cabaret and tango singer, as well as an actress.	Anita Palmero	singer
occupation	Alex Veadov is a Russian-American film and television actor.	Alex Veadov	actor
occupation	Gene Stone is an American writer and editor.	Gene Stone	writer
occupation	Alexandra Braun Waldeck (born May 19, 1983) is a Venezuelan actress model and Miss Earth 2005, an annual international beauty pageant promoting environmental awareness.	Alexandra Braun	model
occupation	Krzysztof Mikołajczak (born 5 October 1984) is a Polish épée fencer, team bronze medallist at the 2009 World Fencing Championships in Antalya and individual bronze medallist at the 2013 European Fencing Championships in Zagreb.	Krzysztof Mikołajczak	fencer
occupation	Julia Kova (real name Russian: Юлия Ахонькова, Julija Ahon'kova; b. February 5, 1985 in Moscow) is a Russian beauty queen and singer.	Julia Kova	singer
occupation	Pei Lisheng (Chinese: 裴丽生) (October 31, 1906 - March 18, 2000) was a People's Republic of China politician.	Pei Lisheng	politician
occupation	Wassyla Tamzali (born 1941) is an Algerian writer, lawyer and feminist.	Wassyla Tamzali	writer	lawyer
occupation	Bradley S. Leavitt is an American politician of the Republican party who was the party's 2006 and 2008 nominee to challenge incumbent Democratic U.S. Rep. Marcia C. Kaptur.	Bradley S. Leavitt	politician
occupation	Carl Hertz (May 14, 1859 - March 20, 1924) was an American magician.	Carl Hertz	magician
occupation	Jan Jacobszoon Hinlopen (May 10, 1626 -- September 4, 1666) was a rich Dutch cloth merchant, an officer in the civic guard, a real estate developer in the Jordaan, alderman in the city council and a keen art collector.	Jan Jacobszoon Hinlopen	art collector
occupation	Maxime Mora is a French professional badminton player.	Maxime Mora	badminton player
occupation	David J. Griffiths (born 1942) is a U.S. physicist and educator.	David J. Griffiths	physicist
occupation	Chantelle Paige (born February 3, 1988) is an American singer-songwriter, actress and travel blogger.	Chantelle Paige	singer-songwriter
occupation	Ciprian Manolescu (born December 24, 1978) is a Romanian mathematician, working in gauge theory, symplectic geometry, and low-dimensional topology.	Ciprian Manolescu	mathematician
occupation	Gaius Flavius Fimbria (died 84 BC) was a Roman politician and a violent partisan of Gaius Marius.	Gaius Flavius Fimbria	politician
occupation	Steve Drake (born Steven Michael Nadelman on April 20, 1954) is a pornographic actor and director.	Steve Drake	pornographic actor
occupation	Chang Jian (Chinese: 常建; pinyin: Cháng Jiàn, early part 8th century), and whose name, especially in older English transliteration, appears as ``Ch'ang Chien'', was a poet of the Tang Dynasty, and two of whose poems were collected in the popular anthology Three Hundred Tang Poems.	Chang Jian	poet
occupation	Shannon Birchall is an Australian born musician, probably best known as the bassist for jam band the John Butler Trio.	Shannon Birchall	musician
occupation	Émery Fleury (February 10, 1901 -- October 16, 1975) was a Canadian politician and a three-term member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec.	Émery Fleury	politician
occupation	Liu Xie (Chinese: 劉勰; pinyin: Liú Xié, fl. 5th century), courtesy name Yanhe (彦和), was a Chinese writer.	Liu Xie	writer
occupation	Htein Lin, the Burmese painter and performance artist, studied under Sitt Nyein Aye.	Sitt Nyein Aye	painter
occupation	Edward A. Halbach (April 5, 1909 -- March 20, 2011) was an American amateur astronomer and prolific variable star observer.	Edward A. Halbach	astronomer
occupation	Ali Fadel al-Misir is an Iraqi politician who was the Governor of Baghdad Province from December 2004 to January 2005.	Ali Fadel	politician
occupation	Irène Schweizer (born June 2, 1941) is a Swiss jazz and free improvising pianist.	Irène Schweizer	pianist
occupation	Fred J. Fife III is an American politician and engineer from Utah.	Fred J. Fife	politician
occupation	Tony Pep (born September 14, 1964) is a former professional boxer from New Westminster, British Columbia.	Tony Pep	boxer
occupation	Udara Palliyaguruge is a Sri Lankan film director who has established himself in Sinhala cinema with his groundbreaking performance as the director of Super Six -- a movie based on the trials and tribulations of a group of friends who dream of playing in a six-a-side cricket tournament.	Udara Palliyaguruge	film director
occupation	Renzo Gracie (/ˈhɛnzoʊ ˈɡræsiː/; born March 11, 1967) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner.	Renzo Gracie	mixed martial artist
occupation	Yulduz Turdiyeva (Uzbek: Yulduz Turdiyeva; Russian: Юлдуз Турдиева) is an Uzbek singer.	Yulduz Turdiyeva	singer
occupation	John B. Halsted (born November 7, 1798 in Pittston, Luzerne County, Pennsylvania) was an American merchant and politician from New York.	John B. Halsted	politician
occupation	Roland Collins (born November 23, 1985), better known by the stage name Troy Ave, is an American rapper from the Crown Heights neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York City.	Troy Ave	rapper
occupation	Richard Sharrah is an American actor and producer, best known for his YouTube channel Bored Shorts TV and its series Kid History.	Richard Sharrah	actor
occupation	Lothar Kreyssig (October 30, 1898 -- July 6, 1986) was a German judge during the Weimar and Nazi era.	Lothar Kreyssig	judge
occupation	Nelson Searcy (born October 3, 1971) is an American evangelical minister and author.	Nelson Searcy	author
occupation	Rachel Tidd (born May 20, 1984) is an American gymnast.	Rachel Tidd	gymnast
occupation	Frank Collison (born February 14, 1950) is an American actor known to television audiences as the hapless telegrapher Horace Bing in the series Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman.	Frank Collison	actor
occupation	Narendra Kanwar, or Rajmata, is a politician from the Indian state of Rajasthan.	Narendra Kanwar	politician
occupation	Li Jihong (李继宏,born 1980) is a Chinese poet, literary translator and critic.	Li Jihong	translator
occupation	Dato' Dr. James Dawos Mamit is a Malaysian politician.	James Dawos Mamit	politician
occupation	Dilip Venkatachari is a technology executive, entrepreneur, data strategist, and board member of several companies.	Dilip Venkatachari	entrepreneur
occupation	Duane Clark is an American television director, producer and screenwriter.	Duane Clark	screenwriter
occupation	Gina St. John is an American actress and television presenter.	Gina St. John	presenter
occupation	Raja Bhalindra Singh (Punjabi: ਰਾਜਾ ਭਾਲਿੰਦ੍ਰ ਸਿੰਘ; 9 October 1919 -- 16 April 1992) was an Indian first class cricketer and Maharajkumar of Patiala.	Bhalindra Singh	cricketer
occupation	Saxon Rice (born 15 June 1976) is an Australian Liberal National politician who was the member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland for Mount Coot-tha from 2012 to 2015, having defeated Treasurer Andrew Fraser at the 2012 state election.	Saxon Rice	politician
occupation	Jon Hinck (born January 9, 1954) is an American environmentalist, lawyer and politician.	Jon Hinck	lawyer	politician
occupation	Bette Rogge (June 14, 1922 -- January 20, 2015) (married name Bette Morse) was an American radio and television presenter, talk show host and journalist.	Bette Rogge	television presenter
occupation	Werner Leibbrand (1896--1974) was a German psychiatrist and medical historian.	Werner Leibbrand	psychiatrist	medical historian
occupation	Anthony Athanas (July 28, 1911 -- May 20, 2005) was a multi-millionaire Albanian-American restaurateur and philanthropist.	Anthony Athanas	restaurateur
occupation	Suzanne Steinbaum is a cardiologist and director of Women's Heart Health at the Heart and Vascular Institute, Lenox Hill Hospital in New York City and author of Dr.Suzanne Steinbaum's Heart Book:	Suzanne Steinbaum	cardiologist
occupation	William Alexander McClam, known by his stage name TooSmooth, is an American singer, songwriter, musician, record producer, and entrepreneur.	TooSmooth	singer	songwriter	musician	record producer	entrepreneur
occupation	Michelle Stitzlein is an American artist who creates found object art / sculpture from recycled materials.	Michelle Stitzlein	artist
occupation	János Plesch (1878 - 1957) was a Jewish-Hungarian academic pathologist, physiologist and physician who lived in Berlin for much of his early working life.	János Plesch	pathologist	physiologist
occupation	Willem Alberda van Ekenstein (March 28, 1858 -- May 5, 1937) was a Dutch chemist and discovered the Lobry de Bruyn--van Ekenstein transformation together with Adriaan Lobry van Troostenburg de Bruyn.	Willem Alberda van Ekenstein	chemist
occupation	Debra Zane is an award-winning casting director, based in Los Angeles, California, known for her work in film and television.	Debra Zane	casting director
occupation	Jonathan Scarth was a partner in one of Manchester's early steam powered cotton mills in the late 18th century, and was an entrepreneur of the English Industrial Revolution	Jonathan Scarth	entrepreneur
occupation	Doug Haining is a saxophonist/clarinetist who currently resides in Edina, Minnesota.	Doug Haining	saxophonist
occupation	Luciano P.R. Santiago is a Filipino writer, historian, and psychiatrist best known for his award-winning books on Philippine history, arts, and culture.	Luciano P.R. Santiago	historian
occupation	Pierre Flor-Henry (March 1, 1934 - ) is a Canadian psychiatrist, researcher, lecturer, and professor.	Pierre Flor-Henry	psychiatrist
occupation	Misty Oldland (born Michele Oldland) is a British-Swiss singer-songwriter, best known for her 1994 singles ``A Fair Affair (Je T'Aime)'' and ``Got Me a Feeling'', a duet with soul singer Omar Lye-fook MBE.	Misty Oldland	singer
occupation	Ödön Tersztyánszky (March 6, 1890 -- June 21, 1929) was a Hungarian fencer and olympic champion in sabre competition.	Ödön Tersztyánszky	fencer
occupation	Moses Najara II was a Jewish poet, son of Israel Najara, whom he succeeded as rabbi of Gaza.	Moses Najara II	rabbi
occupation	Hannah Höch (German: (hœç); November 1, 1889 -- May 31, 1978) was a German Dada artist.	Hannah Höch	artist
occupation	Chester Hazen (January 31, 1824 -- April 24, 1900) was an American Republican farmer, businessman, and politician.	Chester Hazen	politician
occupation	Duane Dee is an American country singer known for his many guest appearances at the Grand Ole Opry and also for a series of minor hits on the country charts, sometimes with songs that went on to be major hits for other artists.	Duane Dee	singer
occupation	Scott McDaniel is an American comics artist who has drawn numerous books, including Marvel Comics' ``Fall from Grace'' storyline for the Daredevil series.	Scott McDaniel	comics artist
occupation	Rabbi Shlomo Eitan is a Hebrew language linguist who developed teaching methods for Hebrew.	Shlomo Eitan	linguist
occupation	Massimo Pupillo (January 7, 1929 - ) is an Italian film director.	Massimo Pupillo	film director
occupation	José Vales (born March 26, 1962) is an Argentinian journalist and writer	José Vales	journalist
occupation	Jacques Tarade (1646--1720) was a French engineer and colleague of Vauban.	Jacques Tarade	engineer
occupation	Paolo Sala (January 24, 1859 -- 1929) was an Italian painter, mainly of vedute and genre scenes.	Paolo Sala	painter
occupation	Catherine Gotani Hara is a Malawian politician and Member of Parliament for Mzimba North East.	Catherine Gotani Hara	politician
occupation	Lee Sang-yoon (Hangul: 이상윤; born August 15, 1981) is a South Korean actor.	Lee Sang-yoon	actor
occupation	Wallace Neff (January 28, 1895 -- June 8, 1982) was an architect based in Southern California and was largely responsible for developing the region's distinct architectural style referred to as ``California'' style.	Wallace Neff	architect
occupation	Lewis Cleale is an American theatre actor and singer.	Lewis Cleale	actor	singer
occupation	Charlie Mariotti, in full Charles Noel Mariotti Tapia (born 10 March 1958), is a politician, manager, and broadcaster from the Dominican Republic.	Charlie Mariotti	politician
occupation	Arnie Dickins is an Australian judoka who competes in the men's 60 kg category.	Arnie Dickins	judoka
occupation	Alex Abdullah Abbad (born June 18, 1978), sometimes known as Alex Abbad, is an Indonesian actor and presenter.	Alex Abbad	actor
occupation	Santiago Key Ayala (Caracas, April 25, 1874 -- Caracas, August 21, 1959) was a historian, writer and diplomat, and is considered one of the most important Venezuelan intellectuals from the first half of the 20th century.	Santiago Key Ayala	historian
occupation	Following the defeat questions were raised over Anthony Cunningham's team selections over the year, most notably from former Galway hurler Sylvie Linnane, who raised questions over the inconsistent selection of the backs.	Anthony Cunningham	hurler
occupation	Virgilia Kaur Pruthi (formerly Singh) is a first generation Indian-American entrepreneur, community builder, and author.	Virgilia Kaur Pruthi	entrepreneur
occupation	Jason Teoh Sew Hock (simplified Chinese: 张秀福; traditional Chinese: 張秀福; pinyin: Zhāng Xiùfú) is a Malaysian politician.	Jason Teoh	politician
occupation	David Neiwert is a Seattle-based freelance journalist and blogger.	David Neiwert	journalist
occupation	Gerard Sutton is an Australian specialist ophthalmic surgeon and a board-certified ophthalmologist in Australia and New Zealand.	Gerard Sutton	ophthalmologist
occupation	Adivi Sesh, born Adivi Sesh Sunny Chandra, is an Indian film actor-director, who is known for his roles in Karma and Panjaa.	Adivi Sesh	actor
occupation	Peter Butenschøn (born 20 April 1944) is a Norwegian architect and publicist.	Peter Butenschøn	architect
occupation	Nicholas ``Nick'' Paul Barker is an Australian singer-songwriter and guitarist who formed a Melbourne-based rock, power pop band Nick Barker & the Reptiles in March 1988.	Nick Barker	singer-songwriter
occupation	May Louise Cowles (September 25, 1892 -- January 11, 1978) was an American economist, researcher, author, and advocate of Home Economics.	May Louise Cowles	economist
occupation	Bruce Dethlefsen is an American poet and teacher of poetry.	Bruce Dethlefsen	poet
occupation	Lanny Meyers is an American composer, orchestrator, principal arranger and musical director.	Lanny Meyers	composer
occupation	William DeWitt Alexander (April 2, 1833--February 21, 1913) was an educator, author and linguist in the Kingdom of Hawaii and Republic of Hawaii.	William DeWitt Alexander	linguist
occupation	T. William (BIll) Olle (born 1933) is a British computer scientist and consultant, and President of T. William Olle Associates, England.	T. William Olle	computer scientist
occupation	Julian Sher is a Canadian investigative journalist and author based in Montreal.	Julian Sher	journalist
occupation	Joseph Marchand (August 17, 1803 -- November 30, 1835) was a French missionary in Vietnam, and a member of the Paris Foreign Missions Society.	Joseph Marchand	missionary
occupation	Bob Seidemann is an American graphic artist and photographer best known for the creation of several album covers and portraits of musicians in the 1960s and 1970s.	Bob Seidemann	photographer
occupation	Jerry A. Shields (born June 9, 1937) is an ophthalmologist practicing at the Wills Eye Institute in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, specializing in ocular oncology.	Jerry A. Shields	ophthalmologist
occupation	Calvin Jung (born February 17, 1945) is an American actor who is best known for his appearances in the films The Day After, Robocop and Lethal Weapon 4.	Calvin Jung	actor
occupation	Marci Alboher (born in Brooklyn, New York) is an American author, journalist, speaker, and writing instructor with a background in law.	Marci Alboher	journalist
occupation	Phil Silvers (May 11, 1911 -- November 1, 1985) was an American entertainer and comedy actor, known as ``The King of Chutzpah''.	Phil Silvers	actor
occupation	Oscar M. Ruebhausen (August 28, 1912 -- October 8, 1994) was a prominent New York City lawyer, and adviser to Governor Nelson A. Rockefeller, and a president of the New York City Bar Association.	Oscar M. Ruebhausen	lawyer
occupation	Anton Ambschel (Ambschl, Ambschell, Ambšl) (December 1, 1746 in Cerknica -- July 14, 1821 in Bratislava, Slovakia) was a Slovenian mathematician, physicist, philosopher and astronomer.	Anton Ambschel	mathematician	physicist	philosopher	astronomer
occupation	Lars Iyer is a British novelist and philosopher.	Lars Iyer	philosopher
occupation	Sergey Lavrenov (Russian: Серге́й Лавренов; born January 28, 1981 in Moscow) is a retired Russian swimmer, who specialized in middle-distance freestyle events.	Sergey Lavrenov	swimmer
occupation	William S. Pierce (born January 12, 1937) is the cardiothoracic surgeon and chemical engineer who led development of the first pneumatic heart assist pump.	William S. Pierce	surgeon
occupation	Razan Moughrabi (in Arabic رزان مغربي also known as Razan in Arabic رزان) is a famous Lebanese singer, actress, and TV presenter on Arabic television.	Razan Moughrabi	singer
occupation	Charles Debrille Poston (April 20, 1825 -- June 24, 1902) was an American explorer, prospector, author, politician, and civil servant.	Charles Debrille Poston	politician
occupation	Diana Nemiroff is a Canadian curator and art historian in the field of contemporary art.	Diana Nemiroff	art historian
occupation	John Burr Williams (November 27, 1900 -- September 15, 1989) was a 20th-century economist, recognized as a founder and developer of fundamental analysis, and for his pioneering analysis of stock prices as reflecting their ``intrinsic value''.	John Burr Williams	economist
occupation	Stephen Susco is an American film and television screenwriter who is most famous for writing the hit movies The Grudge and The Grudge 2.	Stephen Susco	screenwriter
occupation	This was later parodied in ``The Pilot'' when the actor that is cast to play him in Jerry and George's sitcom refuses to base the character on the real Cosmo Kramer.	Cosmo Kramer	actor
occupation	Dr. Ramarao Indira, M.A., Ph.D. (born 22 April 1952) is a South Indian sociologist, feminist and a retired Professor of Sociology at the University of Mysore and director of the university's Centre for Women's Studies.	Ramarao Indira	sociologist
occupation	Stanley Michael Gartler (born June 9, 1923) is a cell and molecular biologist and human geneticist.	Stanley Michael Gartler	molecular biologist	geneticist
occupation	Dino Natali is an American actor who is best known for playing Officer Zatelli, the gay police officer, on the sitcom Barney Miller.	Dino Natali	actor
occupation	Neil Kaplan (born March 9, 1967) is an American voice actor, entertainer and comedian.	Neil Kaplan	actor
occupation	Henry Rowett (dates unknown) was an English amateur cricketer who played for Surrey during the 1760s.	Henry Rowett	cricketer
occupation	John Castellanos (born April 11, 1957 in La Mesa, California) is an American actor best known for the contract role of attorney John Silva on the CBS soap opera The Young and the Restless.	John Castellanos	actor
occupation	Edwin Croswell (May 29, 1797 Catskill, New York- June 13, 1871 Princeton, New Jersey), was an American journalist and politician.	Edwin Croswell	journalist
occupation	Nancy Jo Sales (born October 15, 1964) is a journalist and author who has written for Vanity Fair, New York and Harper's Bazaar.	Nancy Jo Sales	journalist
occupation	TaQuita Thorns (August 24, 1986) is an African American singer-songwriter and MTV star from Detroit, Michigan.	TaQuita Thorns	singer-songwriter
occupation	Alexandros Karathodoros was a Greek politician and minister.	Alexandros Karathodoros	politician
occupation	Elizabeth Jill Cowley (born 1940) is a British botanist, who has worked at the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew.	Elizabeth Jill Cowley	botanist
occupation	Henry Blanke (December 30, 1901 -- May 28, 1981) was a German-born film producer who also worked as an assistant director, supervisor, writer, and production manager.	Henry Blanke	film producer
occupation	Giovanni Patrone (Naples, March 17, 1847 - ?) was an Italian painter of figures, in both oil and watercolor.	Giovanni Patrone	painter
occupation	Seymour Drescher is an American historian and a professor at the University of Pittsburgh, known for his studies on Alexis de Tocqueville and Slavery.	Seymour Drescher	historian
occupation	Kumar Sanu's father, Pashupati Bhattacharya, was a vocalist and composer.	Kumar Sanu	composer
occupation	Ernest Ensor (17 December 1870 in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, England -- 13 August 1929 in Cork) was an English-born Irish cricketer.	Ernest Ensor	cricketer
occupation	Rabbi Shmaryahu Yitzchak Bloch (ca. 1862 -- 1923) was a rabbi and Talmudist in Russia and England.	Shmaryahu Yitzchak Bloch	rabbi
occupation	Obie Patterson is an American politician who currently represents Prince George's County, District 8 within the Prince George's County Council, since December 6, 2010.	Obie Patterson	politician
occupation	Waldemar Gurian (February 13, 1902 -- May 26, 1954) was a Russian-born German-American political scientist, author, and professor at the University of Notre Dame.	Waldemar Gurian	political scientist
occupation	Mīr 'Ali-Shir Nava'i (9 February 1441 -- 3 January 1501), also known as Nizām-al-Din ʿAlī-Shīr Herawī (Chagatai-Turkic/Persian: نظام الدین على شير هروی‎‎) was a Central Asian poet, writer, politician, linguist, mystic, and painter.	Ali-Shir Nava'i	poet
occupation	Ludwig Edward Fraenkel FRS (born May 28, 1927) is a German-born British mathematician, and professor at University of Bath.	Edward Fraenkel	mathematician
occupation	Howard J. Whitmore, Jr. was an American politician who was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1947--1953 and Mayor of Newton, Massachusetts from 1954--1959.	Howard J. Whitmore, Jr.	politician
occupation	Barry Bell (born June 22, 1951) is an American Film, Television, Stage and voice actor.	Barry Bell	voice actor
occupation	Jack Keddie was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon.	Jack Keddie	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Mark Hicks, of Manhattan Beach, California, was an abstract painter.	Mark Hicks	painter
occupation	Vladimir Pavlovich Titov (Russian: Владимир Павлович Титов; 12 (O.S. 1807) March, selo Noviki, Spassky Rayon, Ryazan Oblast -- 27 (O.S. 1891) September, Kharkov), better known under the pseudonym Tit Kosmokratov (Russian: Тит Космократов), was a Russian writer, statesman, diplomat.	Vladimir Pavlovich Titov	writer	statesman	diplomat
occupation	W. Franke Harling (January 18, 1887 - November 22, 1958) was a composer of film scores, operas, and popular music.	W. Franke Harling	composer
occupation	Robbie Fulks (born March 25, 1963) is an American alternative country singer-songwriter and long-time Chicago, Illinois musician.	Robbie Fulks	singer-songwriter
occupation	George Groeneveld (born 1940 or 1941) is a Canadian politician and was a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta representing the constituency of Highwood as a Progressive Conservative.	George Groeneveld	politician
occupation	Rose Kerketta (born 5 December 1940) is a woman writer, poet, thinker and tribal rights activist from Jharkhand.	Rose Kerketta	writer
occupation	Elihu Burritt (December 8, 1810 -- March 6, 1879) was an American diplomat, philanthropist and social activist.	Elihu Burritt	diplomat	philanthropist	activist
occupation	Juan Vicente Ribera was a Spanish painter, practicing at Madrid in the early part of the 18th century.	Juan Vicente Ribera	painter
occupation	Jaume Bartumeu Cassany (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈʒawme baɾtuˈmew)) (born 10 November 1954) is an Andorran lawyer and politician, who served as head of government from 2009 to 2011.	Jaume Bartumeu	politician
occupation	Allan Whitwell (born May 5, 1954 in York, North Yorkshire) is a former Olympic rower from England.	Allan Whitwell	rower
occupation	Mandana Moghaddam is an Iranian-Swedish contemporary visual artist whose installation work was most notably exhibited in the 51st Venice Biennale.	Mandana Moghaddam	artist
occupation	Anita Rios is an American politician and activist from Ohio.	Anita Rios	politician
occupation	Abe Meyer (1901--1969) was an American composer of film scores.	Abe Meyer	composer
occupation	Angela Robinson (born February 14, 1971) is an American film and television director, screenwriter and producer.	Angela Robinson	screenwriter
occupation	Andra Willis (born August 27, 1943) is an American singer best known from television's The Lawrence Welk Show from 1967 to 1969.	Andra Willis	singer
occupation	Drew Westervelt (born April 25, 1985 in Bel Air, Maryland) is a lacrosse player for the Colorado Mammoth in the National Lacrosse League, and the Chesapeake Bayhawks in Major League Lacrosse.	Drew Westervelt	lacrosse player
occupation	Mary Alice Williams is a highly acclaimed broadcast journalist whose investigative work on such topics as foreign policy, ethics, technology and health have made her a respected authority and recognized voice for public information.	Mary Alice Williams	journalist
occupation	Germanus (sometimes Germanus of Winchester, died circa 1013) was a medieval English abbot and Benedictine monk.	Germanus of Winchester	abbot
occupation	Scott Tyler Clary (born March 12, 1989) is an American competition swimmer and Olympic gold medalist.	Tyler Clary	swimmer
occupation	Marilyn Shrude (born 1946 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American composer of contemporary classical music and pianist, and Distinguished Artist Professor of composition at Bowling Green State University, since 1977.	Marilyn Shrude	composer	pianist
occupation	Jaime Battiste (born 1979) is a Mi’kmaq writer, researcher, historian and activist from Potlotek First Nation.	Jaime Battiste	writer	historian	activist
occupation	Stanley Prager (January 8, 1917 -- January 18, 1972) was an American actor and a television and theatre director.	Stanley Prager	actor
occupation	Kanō Kazunobu (狩野 一信, 1816 -- 3 November 1863) was a Japanese painter of the Kanō school.	Kanō Kazunobu	painter
occupation	Louis-Philippe Loncke, is a Belgian explorer, adventurer and motivational speaker.	Louis-Philippe Loncke	explorer
occupation	Silvana Tirinzoni (born June 25, 1979 in Zurich) is a Swiss curler from Oberrohrdorf.	Silvana Tirinzoni	curler
occupation	William Eythe (April 7, 1918 -- January 26, 1957) was an American actor of film, radio, television and stage.	William Eythe	actor
occupation	Adelaide Hawley Cumming (born Dieta Adelaide Fish; March 6, 1905 -- December 21, 1998) was a vaudeville performer, radio host, television star and living trademark for General Mills, and in later years, a teacher.	Adelaide Hawley Cumming	teacher
occupation	Jesper Baehrenz (born September 8, 1965) is a Danish radio host, television host, producer, board game developer and screenwriter.	Jesper Baehrenz	screenwriter
occupation	Amandeep Singh Hayer, better known as Aman Hayer, is a UK-based Bhangra producer,and singer.	Aman Hayer	singer
occupation	Grey Damon (born September 24, 1987) is an American actor, known for his roles in Friday Night Lights and The Nine Lives of Chloe King.	Grey Damon	actor
occupation	A. David Trahan (born February 25, 1963) is an American politician, logger, and lobbyist.	David Trahan	politician	lobbyist
occupation	Ari Telch (born May 7, 1962) is an award-winning Mexican actor best known for his work in telenovelas and the stage.	Ari Telch	actor
occupation	Ezra Meech (July 26, 1773 - September 23, 1856) was an American fur trader and politician.	Ezra Meech	politician
occupation	Melville Shavelson (April 1, 1917 -- August 8, 2007) was an American film director, producer, screenwriter, and author.	Melville Shavelson	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Stoyka Petrova (Bulgarian: Стойка Петрова) is a Bulgarian boxer.	Stoyka Petrova	boxer
occupation	Edward Witten (/ˈwɪtən/; born August 26, 1951) is an American theoretical physicist and professor of mathematical physics at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey.	Edward Witten	physicist
occupation	Justin Beckett is an American entrepreneur, philanthropist and author.	Justin Beckett	entrepreneur
occupation	Jehan de Lescurel (also Jehannot de l'Escurel; fl. early 14th century) was a medieval poet and composer.	Jehan de Lescurel	poet	composer
occupation	Andrew Brooke is a British producer and actor.	Andrew Brooke	actor
occupation	Broery (June 25, 1948 - April 7, 2000) was the stage name of the famous Indonesian singer Broery Pesulima, also known as Broery Marantika.	Broery	singer
occupation	Ruth Shonle Cavan (August 28, 1896 -- August 25, 1993) was an early American sociologist.	Ruth Shonle Cavan	sociologist
occupation	Scott Casey (born March 19, 1947) is a retired American professional wrestler who is probably best known for his stint in the World Wrestling Federation between 1987 and 1990.	Scott Casey	professional wrestler
occupation	Dennis Crompton (born in 1935) is an English architect, lecturer and writer on architectural subjects.	Dennis Crompton	architect
occupation	Cris Velasco (born May 1974) is an American video game and film composer.	Cris Velasco	composer
occupation	Barry Blue (born Barry Ian Green) is an English singer, producer, and songwriter.	Barry Blue	songwriter
occupation	Before he became bishop, Koenwald seems to have been a priest in the household of King Æthelstan.	Koenwald	priest
occupation	Bukola Oriola (born 1976) is a Nigerian American journalist and former human trafficking victim.	Bukola Oriola	journalist
occupation	Horace Wells (January 21, 1815 -- January 24, 1848) was an American dentist who pioneered the use of anesthesia in dentistry, specifically nitrous oxide (or laughing gas).	Horace Wells	dentist
occupation	Adolph Francis Alphonse Bandelier (August 6, 1840 -- March 18, 1914) was a Swiss-born American archaeologist who particularly explored the indigenous cultures of the American Southwest, Mexico and South America.	Adolph Francis Alphonse Bandelier	archaeologist
occupation	Joan Joyce (born August 18, 1940, in Waterbury, Connecticut) is the softball coach at Florida Atlantic University, following a record-setting career as a softball player for the Raybestos Brakettes and the Orange Lionettes.	Joan Joyce	softball player
occupation	Augustin Friedrich Walther (October 26, 1688 -- October 12, 1746) was a German anatomist, botanist and physician who was a native of Wittenberg.	Augustin Friedrich Walther	botanist
occupation	Rhisiart ap Rhys (fl. c.1495 -- c.1510) was a Welsh language poet from the cwmwd of Tir Iarll, Glamorgan.	Rhisiart ap Rhys	poet
occupation	Aasta Hansteen, also known as Hasta Hanseen (born December 10, 1824 -- April 13, 1908), was a Norwegian painter, writer, and early feminist.	Aasta Hansteen	painter	writer
occupation	Bill Gerber is an American film producer, responsible for such films as Queen of the Damned and the remake of The Dukes of Hazzard.	Bill Gerber	film producer
occupation	Mukut Mithi (born 1 January 1954) is an Indian politician from the state of Arunachal Pradesh who is the incumbent Member of the Rajya Sabha.	Mukut Mithi	politician
occupation	Tiffany Stiegler (born January 14, 1984) is an American figure skater who competed in both pair skating and ice dancing.	Tiffany Stiegler	figure skater
occupation	Tristan Egolf (December 19, 1971 -- May 7, 2005) was an American novelist, author, and political activist.	Tristan Egolf	novelist
occupation	Christine Fetzer (born 1969) is an American bodybuilder, model and wrestler.	Christine Fetzer	model
occupation	Katie Geneva Cannon (born January 3, 1950) is a Christian theologian associated with womanist theology and black liberation theology.	Katie Geneva Cannon	theologian
occupation	Martha Klein is a philosopher, specialising in the intersection of the philosophy of mind and moral philosophy, and especially in the question of the freedom of the will.	Martha Klein	philosopher
occupation	Patrice Pike (born August 4, 1970) is an American singer, songwriter, and musician.	Patrice Pike	singer
occupation	Joseph D. Moody (November 14, 1841 - November 17, 1909) was a U.S. dentist and served as president of the Historical Society of Southern California.	Joseph D. Moody	dentist
occupation	David Richard Fliehr (born March 6, 1979) better known by his ring name David Flair is an American professional wrestler best known for his time in World Championship Wrestling (WCW), where he held the United States and World Tag Team championships.	David Flair	professional wrestler
occupation	Leonard B. Meyer (January 12, 1918 -- December 30, 2007) was a composer, author, and philosopher.	Leonard B. Meyer	composer	philosopher
occupation	Zoltan Korda (June 3, 1895 -- October 13, 1961) was a Hungarian-born motion picture screenwriter, director and producer.	Zoltan Korda	screenwriter
occupation	J. Samuel Walker is an American historian and author based in Maryland, most notable for his research and writing on the nuclear age, both weaponry and atomic energy.	J. Samuel Walker	historian
occupation	Felisha Legette-Jack (born September 4, 1966) is the Head Women's basketball coach at University at Buffalo, The State University of New York.	Felisha Legette-Jack	basketball coach
occupation	Leslie Scalapino (July 25, 1944 -- May 28, 2010) was a United States poet, experimental prose writer, playwright, essayist, and editor, sometimes grouped in with the Language poets, though she felt closely tied to the Beat poets.	Leslie Scalapino	poet	playwright
occupation	Stacy May-Johnson, (born May 15, 1984, in Reno, Nevada) is a former professional softball player for the Chicago Bandits, and an assistant coach for the University of Louisville Cardinals.	Stacy May-Johnson	softball player
occupation	Joe Duarte (born August 4, 1983) is a professional mixed martial artist and investor from Guam, and is of native Chamorro descent.	Joe Duarte	mixed martial artist
occupation	Laurent Cleenewerck is an academic and theologian, serving as professor of international administration and theology for EUCLID (Euclid University), and on the faculty of the Ukrainian Catholic University and Humboldt State University.	Laurent Cleenewerck	theologian
occupation	Janet Treasure (born 1952), OBE PhD FRCP FRCPsych, is a British psychiatrist, who specialises in research and treatment of eating disorders.	Janet Treasure	psychiatrist
occupation	Otto Laporte (July 23, 1902 -- March 28, 1971) was a German-born American physicist who made contributions to quantum mechanics, electromagnetic wave propagation theory, spectroscopy, and fluid dynamics.	Otto Laporte	physicist
occupation	Trevor Avery is an artist and curator who has been based in London, the Highlands of Scotland, and is now in the North West of England.	Trevor Avery	artist	curator
occupation	Jasmina Đokić (Serbian Cyrillic: Јасмина Ђокић, anglicized as ``Jasmina Djokic'') is a Serbian painter.	Jasmina Đokić	painter
occupation	P. Vasu (born Vasudevan Peethambharam) is an Indian director, writer, and actor who works in Tamil, Kannada, Telugu and Malayalam films.	P. Vasu	actor
occupation	Antoine Albeau is a French windsurfer who holds eleven Windsurfing World Championships in different disciplines since 1994.	Antoine Albeau	windsurfer
occupation	Nathaniel Gorham (May 27, 1738 -- June 11, 1796, his first name is sometimes spelled Nathanial) was a politician and merchant from Massachusetts.	Nathaniel Gorham	politician	merchant
occupation	Yuka Tsujiyoko (辻横 由佳 Tsujiyoko Yuka) is a Japanese video game music composer for Nintendo.	Yuka Tsujiyoko	composer
occupation	John P. Darling (February 25, 1815 in Berkshire County, Massachusetts -- June 17, 1882) was an American politician from New York.	John P. Darling	politician
occupation	Whilst Eutharic was nominally a statesman, politician and soldier of the Roman Empire, he was also an Arian, whose views clashed with the Catholic majority; as consul enforcing Theoderic's tolerant policy towards the Jewish people, he incurred resentment from the local Catholics, whose traditions were less than tolerant.	Eutharic	politician
occupation	Mohamed Saïd Ouma is a film director and screenwriter who has been responsible for production and a programming assistant for the International African Film Festival of Africa and the Islands (FIFAI) in the city of Port à l'Ile in Réunion Island since 2004.	Mohamed Saïd Ouma	film director
occupation	Mary Ellen Matthews is a photographer based in New York City and East Hampton, New York.	Mary Ellen Matthews	photographer
occupation	Bernardo Segall (August 4, 1911 -- November 26, 1993) was a Brazilian-born American composer and concert pianist.	Bernardo Segall	composer	pianist
occupation	Hilda ``H.D.'' Doolittle (September 10, 1886 -- September 27, 1961) was an American poet, novelist, and memoirist known for her association with the early 20th century avant-garde Imagist group of poets such as Ezra Pound and Richard Aldington.	H.D.	poet	novelist
occupation	Jonathan Weinberg (born 1957) is an artist and art historian.	Jonathan Weinberg	art historian
occupation	Kalman Packouz is an Orthodox rabbi who has pioneered various Jewish educational initiatives geared towards baalei teshuva (``returnee to Judaism'') outreach.	Kalman Packouz	rabbi
occupation	Geneviève Dorion-Coupal is a dancer, choreographer and artistic director native of Quebec, Canada.	Geneviève Dorion-Coupal	choreographer
occupation	Sam Levenson (December 28, 1911 -- August 27, 1980) was an American humorist, writer, teacher, television host, and journalist.	Sam Levenson	journalist
occupation	Marjorie Halpin (February 11, 1937 -- August 30, 2000) was a U.S.-Canadian anthropologist best known for her work on Northwest Coast art and culture, especially the Tsimshian and Gitksan peoples.	Marjorie Halpin	anthropologist
occupation	Vimla Patil (Marathi: विमला पाटील) is an Indian journalist, author, activist, columnist, writer (books and features, speeches and research), event designer.	Vimla Patil	journalist	author
occupation	Otto Ballerstedt (April 1, 1887 -- c. 1 July 1934) was a German engineer, writer and politician.	Otto Ballerstedt	engineer
occupation	Manu Parekh is an Indian painter, known for his several paintings on the city of Varanasi.	Manu Parekh	painter
occupation	Britta Gröndahl (March 8, 1914 -- November 18, 2002) was a Swedish writer, French language teacher, editor, translator, and anarcho-syndicalist.	Britta Gröndahl	writer	translator
occupation	Roger Scott Craig is an Irish musician who started his career with The Merseybeats in the early 1970s, along with members, Tony Crane, Derek Cashin, and Tony Coates.	Roger Scott Craig	musician
occupation	Winifred Horan is an American fiddler of Irish descent.	Winifred Horan	fiddler
occupation	Joel Pelletier is an American contemporary musician, painter, actor and political commentator.	Joel Pelletier	musician	painter
occupation	Sun Xiaoqun (Chinese: 孙晓群; July 10, 1944 - ) is a politician of the People's Republic of China.	Sun Xiaoqun	politician
occupation	Tarleton Perry Crawford (May 8, 1821 -- April 7, 1902) was a Baptist missionary to Shandong, China for 50 years with his wife.	Tarleton Perry Crawford	missionary
occupation	Nels Anderson (July 31, 1889 -- October 8, 1986) was an early American sociologist who studied hobos, urban culture, and work culture.	Nels Anderson	sociologist
occupation	Amber Lee Ettinger (born October 2, 1982) is an American actress, Internet celebrity, and model.	Amber Lee Ettinger	model
occupation	Lu Ying (陆滢, Lù Yíng, 22 born January 1989) is a Chinese competitive swimmer.	Lu Ying	swimmer
occupation	Athanasios Nanopoulos (Greek: Αθανάσιος Νανόπουλος ) was a Greek fencer.	Athanasios Nanopoulos	fencer
occupation	Iris Burton (September 4, 1930 -- April 5, 2008) was an American talent agent and dancer, who discovered and represented many famous child actors during her career.	Iris Burton	talent agent	dancer
occupation	Robert Lawrence Balzer (June 25, 1912 -- December 2, 2011) has been called the first serious wine journalist in the United States.	Robert Lawrence Balzer	journalist
occupation	Anita Agnihotri (born 1956) is an Indian Bengali writer and civil servant.	Anita Agnihotri	civil servant
occupation	Eric Noi is a former Super Middleweight boxer from Moss Side, Manchester.	Eric Noi	boxer
occupation	Augustus Wade Dwight (February 22, 1827 -- March 26, 1865) was a lawyer who became an officer in the American Civil War.	Augustus Wade Dwight	lawyer
occupation	Wu Nien-pin (Chinese: 吳念平; pinyin: Wú Niànpíng; born February 4, 1983) is a Taiwanese former swimmer, who specialized in freestyle and medley events.	Wu Nien-pin	swimmer
occupation	Jack Lait (March 13, 1883 -- April 1, 1954) was an American journalist best known for his series of ``Confidential'' books.	Jack Lait	journalist
occupation	Rubin Goldmark (August 15, 1872 -- March 6, 1936) was an American composer, pianist, and educator.	Rubin Goldmark	composer
occupation	Nordin ben Salah (1972--2004) was a Dutch boxer and kickboxer.	Nordin ben Salah	boxer
occupation	Janez Lenarčič (born November 6, 1967) is a Slovenian diplomat and the former Director of the Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights within the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe.	Janez Lenarčič	diplomat
occupation	Pamela Druckerman is an American writer and journalist living in Paris, France.	Pamela Druckerman	journalist
occupation	Carolyn Scott-Hamilton is a Colombian-born, bilingual TV show host and media personality, holistic nutritionist, vegan chef, cookbook author, and speaker.	Carolyn Scott-Hamilton	chef
occupation	John Taintor Foote (March 29, 1881 -- January 28, 1950) was an American novelist, playwright, short-story writer, and screenwriter.	John Taintor Foote	writer	screenwriter
occupation	Hank Roberts (born March 24, 1954, in Terre Haute, Indiana) is an American jazz cellist and vocalist.	Hank Roberts	cellist
occupation	Ayanna Porter (born November 27, 1976), better known by her stage name INOJ, is an American singer-songwriter.	INOJ	singer
occupation	Sarah Kawahara is a Japanese-Canadian figure skater and choreographer of Japanese ancestry.	Sarah Kawahara	figure skater
occupation	Jon Naar is a British-American author and photographer celebrated for his pioneering images of New York City graffiti in the 1970s.	Jon Naar	photographer
occupation	Fawad Ahmed Khan (Pashto/Urdu: فواد احمد; born 5 February 1982) is a Pakistani-born Australian cricketer who is currently contracted to the Sydney Thunder in the Big Bash League, having been granted Australian citizenship in July 2013.	Fawad Ahmed	cricketer
occupation	Timothy Hines is an American film director, writer and producer.	Timothy Hines	film director
occupation	Brooks Benedict (February 6, 1896 -- January 1, 1968) was an American actor of the silent and sound film era, where he played supporting and utility roles in over 300 films, mostly uncredited.	Brooks Benedict	actor
occupation	Suzanne Ciani (born June 4, 1946) is an Italian American pianist and music composer, who found early success with innovative electronic music.	Suzanne Ciani	pianist	composer
occupation	Mark Ames (born October 3, 1965) is a writer known for his work as a Moscow-based expatriate American journalist and editor.	Mark Ames	journalist
occupation	Charles Ejogo (born 1976) is a British entrepreneur who is the inventor of the Umbrolly umbrella vending machine.	Charles Ejogo	inventor
occupation	Keith E. Idso is a botanist and vice president of the Center for the Study of Carbon Dioxide and Global Change.	Keith E. Idso	botanist
occupation	Frank M. Stammers (d. June 27, 1921, New York City) was a theatre director, choreographer, playwright, lyricist, and actor.	Frank M. Stammers	actor
occupation	Benjamin Harrison Eaton (December 15, 1833 -- October 29, 1904) was an American politician, entrepreneur and agriculturalist in the late 19th and early 20th century.	Benjamin Harrison Eaton	politician
occupation	Daniel Castañeda Soriano was a Mexican musicologist, composer and engineer.	Daniel Castañeda Soriano	musicologist
occupation	Anthony Hembrick (born February 22, 1966, Detroit, Michigan) was an amateur champion American boxer in the middleweight class and a member of the 1988 US Olympics team.	Anthony Hembrick	boxer
occupation	Lee Bivens became a full-time professional artist at the age of 18 and is realism painter known for ``captur(ing) more than the camera's eye in his paintings''.	Lee Bivens	painter
occupation	Xuejun Chen is a Thermal power engineering scientist, professor and former deputy president of Xi'an Jiaotong University.	Xuejun Chen	scientist
occupation	Gheorghe Șincai (February 28, 1754 -- November 2, 1816) was an ethnic Romanian Transylvanian historian, philologist, translator, poet, and representative of the Enlightenment-influenced Transylvanian School.	Gheorghe Șincai	historian	philologist	poet
occupation	Trevor Blackann is an American former lobbyist who pleaded guilty in the Jack Abramoff scandal.	Trevor Blackann	lobbyist
occupation	Lyndon Woodside (March 23, 1935, Florence, South Carolina-August 23, 2005, Englewood, New Jersey) was the 10th conductor of the Oratorio Society of New York.	Lyndon Woodside	conductor
occupation	Nils Wilhelm Erik Penser (born August 22, 1942, in Eslöv, Skåne) is a Swedish financier and businessman.	Erik Penser	financier
occupation	Howard Stelzer (born 1974, in Belle Harbor, New York) is a composer of electronic music, whose work is made primarily from sounds generated by cassette tapes and tape players.	Howard Stelzer	composer
occupation	Cliff Warren (born March 8, 1968) is an American college basketball coach, currently an assistant at the University of Maryland.	Cliff Warren	basketball coach
occupation	Thomas Pernes (born February 25, 1956) is an Austrian avant-garde composer and performance artist who lives and works in Vienna.	Thomas Pernes	composer
occupation	Flip Wilson (December 8, 1933 -- November 25, 1998) was an African American comedian and actor.	Flip Wilson	actor
occupation	Jan Wong (Chinese: 黃明珍; pinyin: Huáng Míngzhēn; born August 15, 1952) is a Canadian journalist.	Jan Wong	journalist
occupation	John Mercer Langston (December 14, 1829 -- November 15, 1897) was an American abolitionist, attorney, educator, activist, diplomat, and politician.	John Mercer Langston	diplomat	politician
occupation	Richard A. Johnson is an artist and Professor in the Fine Arts department at the University of New Orleans.	Richard A. Johnson	artist
occupation	James Howe (born August 2, 1946) is an American children's writer with more than 80 juvenile and young adult fiction books to his credit.	James Howe	writer
occupation	Vladimir Alexandrovich Kucherenko (Russian: Влади́мир Алекса́ндрович Кучере́нко) (born December 21, 1966), better known by the pen name Maxim Kalashnikov (Макси́м Кала́шников), is a Russian patriotic writer, publicist, and political activist.	Maxim Kalashnikov	writer
occupation	Pomponius Mela, who wrote around AD 43, was the earliest Roman geographer.	Pomponius Mela	geographer
occupation	Dr. Karen Teff is a biologist and geneticist.	Karen Teff	biologist	geneticist
occupation	Saladin Ahmed (born October 4, 1975) is an Arab-American science fiction and fantasy writer and poet.	Saladin Ahmed	writer
occupation	Howard Spodek (born c. 1941) is an American-born world historian, a professor of history and geography and urban studies at Temple University.	Howard Spodek	historian
occupation	John Noake(1816--1894) was an English journalist and antiquary, known for his writings on Worcestershire.	John Noake	journalist
occupation	Norman Charles Miller (born October 2, 1934) is an American journalist who worked for the Wall Street Journal.	Norman Charles Miller	journalist
occupation	Stephania Bell (born May 20, 1966) is a physical therapist who has become an author, as well as both on-air and online sports commentator at ESPN where she serves as an American football injury analyst.	Stephania Bell	sports commentator
occupation	Guri Schanke (Norwegian pronunciation: (ˈɡʉːɾi ˈskɑŋkə)) (born Guri Annika Schanke December 14, 1961) is a Norwegian actress and singer.	Guri Schanke	singer
occupation	William Goodchild (born 3 April 1964) is a composer, orchestrator and conductor who produces music for film, television and the concert hall.	William Goodchild	composer
occupation	Viren J. Shah (May 12, 1926 - March 9, 2013) was an Indian politician and one-time Governor of the Indian State of West Bengal.	Viren J. Shah	politician
occupation	Dinakar Mashnu Salunke (Kannada: ದಿನಕರ್ ಮಷ್ಣು ಸಾಳುಂಕೆ, Hindi: दिनकर मश्नु सालुंके) (Dinkar M. Salunke) is an eminent immunologist and a structural biologist born and brought up at Belgaum, Karnataka, India.	Dinakar Mashnu Salunke	immunologist
occupation	Othello Khanh (born October 22, 1964 in Paris, France) is a French-Vietnamese film director, producer and screenwriter.	Othello Khanh	film director
occupation	James Greer is an American novelist, screenwriter, musician, and critic, born in 1971.	James Greer	novelist	screenwriter
occupation	Richard Henry Myles Arkell is an English first class cricketer who played in three matches for Cambridge University between 1953 and 1955.	Myles Arkell	cricketer
occupation	Bricstan was a 12th-century trainee monk, miracle witness and Chatteris's first known parishioner.	Bricstan	monk
occupation	William Littlewood was an aeronautical engineer noted for his contributions to the design and operational requirements of transport aircraft.	William Littlewood	engineer
occupation	Lakshman Joseph de Saram is a film composer and classical musician.	Lakshman Joseph de Saram	composer
occupation	John Charles Patrick Croghan Daly (February 20, 1914 -- February 24, 1991), generally known as John Charles Daly or simply John Daly, was an American journalist, game show host, and radio personality, probably best known for hosting the panel show What's My Line?.	John Charles Daly	journalist
occupation	Rebecca Naomi Jones is an American actress and singer best known for her performances in the Broadway rock musicals Passing Strange, American Idiot, and Hedwig and the Angry Inch.	Rebecca Naomi Jones	singer
occupation	Venerable Waire was an English friar and Catholic martyr who was hanged, drawn, and quartered at St. Thomas Waterings in Camberwell (a brook at the second milestone on the Old Kent Road), on 8 July, 1539.	Venerable Waire	friar
occupation	Wilfred Jackson (January 24, 1906 -- August 7, 1988) was an American animator, arranger, composer and director best known for his work on the Mickey Mouse and Silly Symphonies series of cartoons and the two segments Night on Bald Mountain and Ave Maria of Fantasia from Walt Disney Productions.	Wilfred Jackson	animator
occupation	Choi Jin-young (Hangul: 최진영; November 17, 1970 -- March 29, 2010) was a South Korean actor and singer.	Choi Jin-young	actor	singer
occupation	Govinda Bhagavatpada (IAST Govinda Bhagavatpāda) was the Guru of the Advaita philosopher, Adi Shankara.	Govinda Bhagavatpada	philosopher
occupation	Natalia Alexandra Gutiérrez Batista, known artistically as Natti Natasha is a Dominican Reggaeton and Latin Pop singer.	Natti Natasha	singer
occupation	Susan Hacker Stang (born Susan Hacker, October 19, 1949, in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania) is an American photographer, author, and educator.	Susan Hacker Stang	photographer
occupation	Martin Shovel is a prolific British cartoonist, writer and creative consultant whose work has appeared in the Daily Telegraph, The Guardian and elsewhere.	Martin Shovel	cartoonist
occupation	May's work was rejected by later historians, such as Herbert Butterfield who wrote, ``Erskine May must be a good example of the way in which an historian may fall into error through an excess of brilliance.	Erskine May	historian
occupation	Edwin King Stodola (October 31, 1914 -- April 6, 1992) was an American radio engineer.	Edwin King Stodola	engineer
occupation	Mary Ann Jackson's film career began under the shadow of her actor relatives, mother Charlotte Jackson (1891--1992) and older sister, ``Peaches'' Jackson (1913--2002).	Mary Ann Jackson	actor
occupation	Odiseo Bichir Nájera; () is a Mexican actor.	Odiseo Bichir	actor
occupation	Manabendra Mukhopadhyay (Bengali: মানবেন্দ্র মুখোপাধ্যায়) was a Bengali singer and composer.	Manabendra Mukhopadhyay	composer
occupation	Manea Mănescu (August 9, 1916 -- February 27, 2009) was a Romanian communist politician who served as Prime Minister for five years (March 29, 1974 -- March 29, 1979) during Nicolae Ceaușescu's Communist regime.	Manea Mănescu	politician
occupation	Jack Donnelly (born 28 October 1985) is an English actor, best known for his role in popular Nickelodeon series House of Anubis, in which he played the role of Jason Winkler.	Jack Donnelly	actor
occupation	Carolyn Lamm is an American lawyer and a partner in the Washington, D.C., office of White & Case.	Carolyn Lamm	lawyer
occupation	Stacey Lynn Swain (born November 30, 1958), known by her stage name Stacey Q, is an American pop singer, songwriter, dancer and actress.	Stacey Q	singer	dancer
occupation	Conor Gill (born February 6, 1980) is a professional lacrosse player who had an exceptional collegiate career at the University of Virginia before going on to the professional ranks.	Conor Gill	lacrosse player
occupation	Stephen M. Truitt is an American lawyer in Washington DC, retired from the Pepper Hamilton law firm.	Stephen M. Truitt	lawyer
occupation	Elis Sella was a Finnish actor who mostly appeared on Finnish television shows.	Elis Sella	actor
occupation	Pinakkatt D Abraham, known as Swargachitra Appachan is an Indian film producer, distributor, and entrepreneur.	Swargachitra Appachan	film producer
occupation	The Master of Wavrin or Master of Jean Wavrin, Wavrin Master (and other variants), was a French painter and manuscript illuminator active in the region of Lille in the third quarter of the fifteenth century.	Master of Wavrin	illuminator
occupation	Lilian Vaughan Morgan (née Sampson; July 7, 1870 -- December 6, 1952) was an American experimental biologist who made seminal contributions to the genetics of Drosophila melanogaster, which cemented its status as one of the most powerful model systems in biology.	Lilian Vaughan Morgan	biologist
occupation	Katya Sambuca (born Yekaterina Mikhailova, August 27, 1991) is a Russian singer, actress, model and television presenter.	Katya Sambuca	singer	model
occupation	Michel Gill (born April 16, 1960), also known as Michael Gill, is an American actor best known for playing President Garrett Walker in the Netflix series House of Cards.	Michel Gill	actor
occupation	Hibo Mohamed Hudoon (also known as Hibo Nuura; born 1945) is a Somali singer.	Hibo Nuura	singer
occupation	Ramilisonina is an archaeologist from Madagascar.	Ramilisonina	archaeologist
occupation	Vasil Tsereteli (Georgian: ვასილ წერეთელი) (1862--1937) was a distinguished Georgian physician, journalist, politician and public benefactor.	Vasil Tsereteli	journalist
occupation	Charles Emory Smith (February 18, 1842 -- January 19, 1908) was an American journalist and political leader.	Charles Emory Smith	journalist
occupation	Edmund Seidel (born July 10, 1878 in the German Empire) was an American newspaper editor and politician from New York.	Edmund Seidel	politician
occupation	Günter Lenz (born July 25, 1938 in Frankfurt am Main) is a German jazz bassist and composer.	Günter Lenz	composer
occupation	Shani Davis (/ˈʃɑːni/; born August 13, 1982) is an Olympic Champion speed skater from the United States.	Shani Davis	speed skater
occupation	Jörg Michael (born March 27, 1963) is a German drummer.	Jörg Michael	drummer
occupation	Jonathan Todd Ross (born 1979) is an actor and writer.	Jonathan Todd Ross	actor
occupation	Marvi Sirmed (Urdu: ماروی سرمد‎) is a Pakistani journalist and blogger.	Marvi Sirmed	journalist
occupation	Xiao Yishan (蕭一山, May 7, 1902 -- July 4, 1978) was a modern Chinese historian.	Xiao Yishan	historian
occupation	Publius Licinius Nerva was a politician of the Roman Republic who, as Praetor, served as Governor of Sicily in 104 BC at the outbreak of the Second Servile War.	Publius Licinius Nerva	politician
occupation	Roger Granet is an American psychiatrist and an author of several books on understanding mental disorders and diseases.	Roger Granet	psychiatrist
occupation	Romeo Diaz (Chinese: 戴樂民) is a Filipino music composer, record producer and music director.	Romeo Diaz	composer
occupation	Eusebio Rafael Camilo Abreu (n. Moca, 1948) is a sociologist, historian, economist and politician from the Dominican Republic.	Rafael Camilo Abreu	economist	politician
occupation	Tarik Azzougarh, better known as Cilvaringz, is a rapper, executive manager and hip hop producer associated with the Wu-Tang Clan.	Cilvaringz	rapper
occupation	Peter-Josef Schallberger (July 19, 1932; Ennetmoos -- April 15, 2010) was a Swiss politician of the CVP and farmer.	Peter-Josef Schallberger	politician
occupation	Tom Holliston (born April 21, 1960) is a Canadian punk rock musician.	Tom Holliston	musician
occupation	George Frederick Pardon (1824--1884) was an English journalist and writer, especially on sports and games, where he used the pseudonym Rawdon Crawley or Captain Crawley.	George Frederick Pardon	journalist
occupation	Marsilius of Inghen (1340 -- August 20, 1396) was a medieval Dutch Scholastic philosopher who studied with Albert of Saxony and Nicole Oresme under Jean Buridan.	Marsilius of Inghen	philosopher
occupation	Timothy App (born 1947) is a contemporary American painter whose works are in numerous private and public collections including the Baltimore Museum of Art.	Timothy App	painter
occupation	Jesse Schwartzman (born November 14, 1985 in Baltimore, Maryland) is a professional lacrosse player for the Denver Outlaws of Major League Lacrosse.	Jesse Schwartzman	lacrosse player
occupation	Lusia Strus (born December 13, 1969) is an American writer and stage and film actress with Neo-Futurists.	Lusia Strus	writer
occupation	Nils Petter Molvær (Norwegian pronunciation: (ˈmol.væɾ)) also known as NPM (born September 18, 1960) is a Norwegian jazz trumpeter, composer, and producer.	Nils Petter Molvær	trumpeter	composer
occupation	Rey Danseco is a Filipino sports editor, journalist, television commentator-host for boxing events and the foremost international boxing judge from Asia.	Rey Danseco	journalist
occupation	Bhupathiraju Vijayakumar Raju (Telugu: భూపతిరాజు విజయకుమార్ రాజు) was a politician and Industrialist.	Bhupathiraju Vijayakumar Raju	politician
occupation	As well as being a solo artist, Har Mar Superstar is a songwriter.	Har Mar Superstar	songwriter
occupation	Ot de Montcada (Catalan: (ˈɔd də muŋˈkaðə)) was an early Catalan troubadour with no surviving work.	Ot de Montcada	troubadour
occupation	Alex Rutterford is a British director and graphic designer working mostly on music videos.	Alex Rutterford	graphic designer
occupation	Jerry Cantrell served as the lead guitarist, co-lyricist, co-vocalist and main composer of Alice in Chains until the group's near-permanent hiatus beginning in the late 1990s and leading through the death of lead singer Layne Staley in April 2002.	Jerry Cantrell	composer	singer
occupation	Anytus (/ˈænɪtəs/; Greek: Ἄνυτος Ánytos; c. 5th--4th century BCE), son of Anthemion, was an ancient Athenian politician.	Anytus	politician
occupation	Aušra Augustinavičiūtė (April 4, 1927 -- August 19, 2005) was a Lithuanian psychologist and sociologist, and dean of the Vilnius Pedagogical University's department of family science, author of numerous scientific theories and discoveries, and the founder of Socionics.	Aušra Augustinavičiūtė	psychologist	sociologist
occupation	Kimeru (most often written either in Romaji (Kimeru) or with Katakana (キメル), but has been written as きめる (Hiragana) and (決める) (Kanji), born June 17, 1980) is a Japanese pop musician, singer, and stage actor.	Kimeru	singer	actor
occupation	Alvin D. Loving Jr. (September 19, 1935 -- June 21, 2005), better known as Al Loving was an African-American abstract expressionist and painter.	Alvin D. Loving	painter
occupation	Ferdi Statzer (1906-June 17, 1974), née Friedrich von Statzer, was an eminent Austrian pedagogue, pianist, conductor and composer.	Ferdi Statzer	pianist
occupation	Herbert Koch (born September 14, 1962) is a German mathematician active in the field of partial differential equations.	Herbert Koch	mathematician
occupation	April Winchell Foley (born January 4, 1960) is an American actor, writer, talk radio host, commentator, voice actor, and comedian.	April Winchell	actor	radio host
occupation	Gaston Leval (born Pierre Robert Piller October 20, 1895 - April 8, 1978) was an anarcho-syndicalist, combatant and historian of the Spanish Revolution.	Gaston Leval	historian
occupation	Mary Kay Magistad is an award-winning American journalist and correspondent.	Mary Kay Magistad	journalist
occupation	Dean Gemmell (born August 27, 1967) is a Canadian-American curler and writer who currently resides in Short Hills, New Jersey.	Dean Gemmell	curler
occupation	Horace Pippin (February 22, 1888 -- July 6, 1946) was a self-taught African-American painter.	Horace Pippin	painter
occupation	Walter Chepman was a Scottish merchant, notary and civil servant active in the late fifteenth and early sixteenth centuries.	Walter Chepman	merchant
occupation	Jerry Wallace (December 15, 1928 -- May 5, 2008) was an American country and pop singer.	Jerry Wallace	singer
occupation	Brooke Evers is an Australian television personality, model and DJ. Her first break was as Zoo Weekly's ``2008 Beach Babe of the Year,'' which secured her first national magazine cover.	Brooke Evers	model
occupation	Terrance Simien (born September 3, 1965 in Mallet, Louisiana) is an American zydeco musician, vocalist and songwriter.	Terrance Simien	musician
occupation	Thomas Alan Goldsborough (September 16, 1877 -- June 16, 1951) was a U.S. politician and federal judge.	Thomas Alan Goldsborough	politician	judge
occupation	Veronica Alexandra Tecaru (born January 14, 1984), known by her stage name Veronika, is an Afro-Romanian singer.	Veronika	singer
occupation	Dennie Cody, is a professional photographer who specializes in lifestyle and travel photography for advertising, editorial and corporate clients.	Dennie Cody	photographer
occupation	Yang Peiyi (born February 21, 2001) is a Chinese teen singer.	Yang Peiyi	singer
occupation	Danillo Villefort (born in 1983) is a Brazilian professional mixed martial artist.	Danillo Villefort	mixed martial artist
occupation	Mose Janashvili (Georgian: მოსე ჯანაშვილი) (March 19, 1855 -- April 19, 1934) was a Georgian historian, ethnographer, and linguist.	Mose Janashvili	historian	linguist
occupation	Maximilian Mechler is a German ski jumper who has competed since 2000.	Maximilian Mechler	ski jumper
occupation	Adam Payne (1781 -- May 23, 1832) was an itinerant minister who enjoyed success preaching among the Potawatomi people in Illinois and was killed by Native Americans during the Black Hawk War of 1832.	Adam Payne	minister
occupation	Jason Mantzoukas (born December 18, 1972) is an American comedic actor best known for his recurring role as Rafi in the FX comedy series The League and his role in The Dictator.	Jason Mantzoukas	actor
occupation	Debra Searles is the professional name for an Australian theoretical chemist whose married name is Debra Bernhardt.	Debra Searles	chemist
occupation	Mark A. Gabriel, is a writer on Islamic affairs who lives in the United States.	Mark A. Gabriel	writer
occupation	Lokelani McMichael is an American triathlete, surfer and model.	Lokelani McMichael	surfer	model
occupation	Amy Tryon (February 24, 1970 -- April 12, 2012) was an American equestrian.	Amy Tryon	equestrian
occupation	Rey Alejandro Conde Valdivia is a Mexican conductor who has conducted the Orquesta Sinfónica de Xalapa (OSX) since 1977.	Rey Alejandro Conde	conductor
occupation	David Max Eichhorn (January 6, 1906 -- July 16, 1986) was an American rabbi of Reform Judaism, a director for Hillel, a chaplain in the Army, an author, and an authority within Reform Judaism on the subjects of interfaith marriage and religious conversion.	David Max Eichhorn	rabbi
occupation	Taj Matthews (born March 24, 1976 in San Antonio, Texas) is an American journalist, entrepreneur, author of Grandpa was a Preacher:	Taj Matthews	journalist
occupation	Philippe Ramos (born in 1966) is a French film director, screenwriter and film editor.	Philippe Ramos	film director
occupation	Rohan Browne is an Australian dancer, actor and singer, who has played various roles in a number of notable productions.	Rohan Browne	dancer
occupation	Walter Nalangu (? -- April 27, 2013) was a Solomon Islander journalist and news editor.	Walter Nalangu	journalist
occupation	Michelle Ekizian (born November 21, 1956) is an American composer of Armenian heritage.	Michelle Ekizian	composer
occupation	Theodora Mead Abel (1899--1998) was an American clinical psychologist and educator, who used innovative ideas by combining sociology and psychology.	Theodora Mead Abel	psychologist
occupation	Thomas Coraghessan Boyle, also known as T. C. Boyle and T. Coraghessan Boyle (born December 2, 1948), is an American novelist and short story writer.	T. C. Boyle	novelist	writer
occupation	Ilie Lazăr (born December 12, 1895, Giulești, Maramureș County - d. November 6, 1976 Cluj-Napoca) was a Romanian jurist and politician, leader of the National Peasants' Party in the interwar period was also the right hand of Iuliu Maniu.	Ilie Lazăr	politician
occupation	David Bar Katz is an American screenwriter, playwright, author and director.	David Bar Katz	screenwriter
occupation	Charles William Appleton (November 9, 1874 -- January 10, 1945), was the vice president of the General Electric Company and was a former United States magistrate judge and an Assistant District Attorney in New York City.	Charles William Appleton	judge
occupation	Jill Hutchison (born March 8, 1945) is an American retired women's basketball coach, having served as head coach for 28 seasons at Illinois State.	Jill Hutchison	head coach
occupation	Janet Ellen Morgan is an expressionist artist, working in landscape and figurative genres, with additional experience in book illustration and theatrical design.	Janet Ellen Morgan	artist
occupation	Bruce Wolfe (born March 29, 1941 in Santa Monica, California), is a sculptor, artist, illustrator, and designer, known for producing sculptures of and for many notable figures.	Bruce Wolfe	artist
occupation	Randy Spears (born June 18, 1961), sometimes credited as Greg Ory or Greg Slavin, is a former American pornographic actor and director who has appeared in numerous adult feature films.	Randy Spears	pornographic actor
occupation	Hiroyuki Iwatsuki (岩月 博之) (born 1970) is a Japanese video game music composer who has contributed to the soundtracks of Ninja Warriors, Pocky & Rocky, and Omega Five.	Hiroyuki Iwatsuki	composer
occupation	The poet Venantius Fortunatus and the bishop, hagiographer, and historian, Gregory of Tours, were close friends with Radegund and wrote extensively about her.	Radegund	poet
occupation	Maysoon Pachachi (born September 17, 1947) is a film director, editor and producer of Iraqi origin.	Maysoon Pachachi	film director
occupation	Phillip Michael Pacetti is an American musician active in the 1990s to present.	Phillip Michael Pacetti	musician
occupation	Henry Belasyse, 2nd Earl Fauconberg (13 April 1742 - 23 March 1802) was a British peer and politician.	Henry Belasyse, 2nd Earl Fauconberg	politician
occupation	Gustavo Mohme Llona (1930--2000) was a Peruvian businessman, engineer, journalist and politician.	Gustavo Mohme Llona	engineer	journalist	politician
occupation	Myron Kowalsky (born July 11, 1941) is a retired Canadian politician, teacher, and former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan.	Myron Kowalsky	politician
occupation	Kavya Shetty is an Indian film actress and model.	Kavya Shetty	model
occupation	Sam Freed (born August 29, 1948) is an American actor who has performed on Broadway and television and in movies.	Sam Freed	actor
occupation	Keiichiro Yamamiya (born July 12, 1972) is a Japanese mixed martial artist, who is perhaps best known for his long career in Pancrase.	Keiichiro Yamamiya	mixed martial artist
occupation	Nathan Darrow (born June 21, 1976) is an American actor known for his role as Secret Service agent Edward Meechum in House of Cards.	Nathan Darrow	actor
occupation	Tom Cunliffe (born 1946/1947) is a British yachting journalist, author and broadcaster.	Tom Cunliffe	journalist
occupation	Frederick A. Schroeder (March 9, 1833 -- December 1, 1899) was an American industrialist and politician of German descent.	Frederick A. Schroeder	politician
occupation	Lorenzo Antonio (born Lorenzo Antonio Sánchez Pohl, in Albuquerque, New Mexico, United States, on October 3, 1969), is a singer and songwriter of Latin (Mexican) origin, who is known and recognized in Mexico and Latin America, where he has sold millions of records.	Lorenzo Antonio	singer
occupation	William Sydney Porter (September 11, 1862 -- June 5, 1910), known by his pen name O. Henry, was an American short story writer.	O. Henry	writer
occupation	Skip Bolen is a Southern photographer of musicians, architecture, lifestyle and the culture of New Orleans.	Skip Bolen	photographer
occupation	Isaac ben Joseph of Corbeil (d.1280) (Hebrew: יצחק בן יוסף מקורבי``ל‎) was a French rabbi and Tosafist who flourished in the second half of the thirteenth century.	Isaac ben Joseph of Corbeil	rabbi
occupation	Rick Baxter is a businessman and politician from the U.S. state of Michigan.	Rick Baxter	politician
occupation	Tina Keane (born 1940) is an artist who works with film, video, digital media, and performance and who has been a forerunner of multimedia art in the UK.	Tina Keane	artist
occupation	Erik Seidel (born November 6, 1959) is an American professional poker player from Las Vegas, Nevada, who has won eight World Series of Poker bracelets and a World Poker Tour title.	Erik Seidel	poker player
occupation	Mark Zaslove is an American television and film writer, prominent in animation and entertainment for general audiences.	Mark Zaslove	writer
occupation	Robert Varkonyi (born 1961) is an American poker player, best known for winning the main event of the 2002 World Series of Poker.	Robert Varkonyi	poker player
occupation	Tasman Higgins (1888-1953) was an Australian cinematographer during the early days of the Australian film industry, working for such directors as Charles Chauvel, Raymond Longford, Beaumont Smith, Louise Lovely and Rupert Kathner.	Tasman Higgins	cinematographer
occupation	Juozas Zikaras (November 18, 1881 -- November 10, 1944) was a Lithuanian sculptor and artist, who created the design for pre-war Lithuanian litas coins.	Juozas Zikaras	sculptor
occupation	D.C. Minner (January 28, 1935 -- May 6, 2008) was an American blues musician, teacher, and philosopher who was known for sharing music with children and adults alike throughout Oklahoma and beyond.	D.C. Minner	musician
occupation	The series follows Sue Barton through her nurse's training and her work life.	Sue Barton	nurse
occupation	Majid Beheshti (Persian: مجید بهشتی‎‎ born 22 October 1955), actor, film producer, and theater director, has acted in various Television series.	Majid Beheshti	actor	film producer
occupation	Helmut Wimmer was a painter who, as the staff artist for New York's Hayden Planetarium from 1954 to 1987, created representations of cosmic vistas which were used during the planetarium shows.	Helmut Wimmer	painter
occupation	Panagiotis Kouroumblis (Greek: Παναγιώτης Κουρουμπλής; born 2 October 1951) is a Greek politician of Syriza.	Panagiotis Kouroumblis	politician
occupation	Pinky Mitchell was an American boxer who became the first champion in the light welterweight division by receiving the most votes by balot on November 15, 1922.	Pinky Mitchell	boxer
occupation	Vanitha Rangaraju-Ramanan (born 1970) is an Indian animator who works for DreamWorks Animation.	Vanitha Rangaraju	animator
occupation	Pádraig O'Driscoll is a Dublin senior hurler at Lucan Sarsfields.	Pádraig O'Driscoll	hurler
occupation	Helmut Ulm (born June 21, 1908 in Gelsenkirchen; died June 13, 1975) was a German mathematician who established the classification of countable periodic abelian groups by means of their Ulm invariants.	Helmut Ulm	mathematician
occupation	Rafael Lucas Rodríguez Caballero (San Ramón, March 24, 1915 - January 29, 1981) was a Costa Rican biologist, botanist, and artist known for his drawings of Costa Rican wildlife.	Rafael Lucas Rodríguez	biologist	botanist
occupation	Daniel Sackheim is an American television and film director, producer and photographer.	Daniel Sackheim	film director
occupation	Deborah Jowitt is an American dance critic, author, and choreographer.	Deborah Jowitt	choreographer
occupation	Ronnie Lee Cunningham is a keyboard player and singer and former member of the 1970s rock band LAW.	Ronnie Lee Cunningham	singer
occupation	Mahmud Esad Coşan was a Turkish academic author, preacher, professor of Islam and Naqshbandi leader.	Mahmud Esad Coşan	author	preacher
occupation	George Moresby-White was a British playwright and screenwriter.	George Moresby-White	screenwriter
occupation	Margaret Hill McCarter (May 2, 1860 -- August 31, 1938) was an American teacher and novelist.	Margaret Hill McCarter	teacher	novelist
occupation	Chris McCarrell (born January 9, 1991) is an American theater and television actor.	Chris McCarrell	actor
occupation	Ninot le Petit (also Johannes Parvi) (fl. ca. 1500 -- 1520) was a French composer of the Renaissance, probably associated with the French royal chapel.	Ninot le Petit	composer
occupation	Critic James Reed of the Boston Globe wrote in a review of Beautiful Yesterday that ``there's no logical reason why singer-songwriter Dayna Kurtz is not a full-blown star''.	Dayna Kurtz	singer-songwriter
occupation	Antoniazzo Romano, born Antonio di Benedetto Aquilo degli Aquili (c. 1430 -- c. 1510) was an Italian Early Renaissance painter, the leading figure of the Roman school during the 15th century.	Antoniazzo Romano	painter
occupation	Athalya Brenner-Idan (born 17 July, 1943 in Haifa, Israel) is a Dutch-Israeli biblical scholar.	Athalya Brenner	biblical scholar
occupation	Peter Adolphus McIntyre (July 19, 1840 -- July 16, 1910) was a Canadian politician, public servant, physician and coroner.	Peter Adolphus McIntyre	politician
occupation	Thomas Wiseman (born Alphons Weissmann, Vienna, 1931) is a British author, playwright and screenwriter.	Thomas Wiseman	screenwriter
occupation	Peter O'Hagan was an Irish Nationalist politician who sat as a Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) Councillor on Lisburn City Council.	Peter O'Hagan	politician
occupation	Monty Kip Sopp (born November 11, 1963), better known by his ring name Billy Gunn, is an American professional wrestler and former professional bull rider.	Billy Gunn	professional wrestler
occupation	Van Heflin (December 13, 1908 -- July 23, 1971) was an American theatre, radio and film actor.	Van Heflin	actor
occupation	Sebastião Afonso Viana Macedo Neves, better known as Tião Viana (Rio Branco, February 9, 1961), is a doctor and Brazilian politician.	Tião Viana	politician
occupation	Carlos Garnett (born December 1, 1938) is a Panamanian-American jazz saxophonist, composer, arranger, and jazz group leader.	Carlos Garnett	composer
occupation	Donald Lipski (born May 21, 1947) is an American sculptor best known for his installation work and large-scale public works.	Donald Lipski	sculptor
occupation	William Bendix (January 14, 1906 -- December 14, 1964) was an American film, radio, and television actor, who typically played rough, blue-collar characters.	William Bendix	actor
occupation	Gary Lautens (November 3, 1928 - February 1, 1992) was a Canadian humourist and newspaper columnist.	Gary Lautens	columnist
occupation	Anthony Forde (born July 6, 1962) is a Barbadian darts player.	Anthony Forde	darts player
occupation	Chad Faust (born July 14, 1980) is a Canadian actor, singer, film producer, film director and screenwriter, best known for his role as Kyle Baldwin in The 4400.	Chad Faust	actor	singer	film director
occupation	Abi Ekoku (born 13 April 1966) is a former track and field athlete in both Discus and Shot put, as well as a former rugby league player, who is now a director at international property group Candelisa Resorts.	Abi Ekoku	rugby league player
occupation	Albert Butler is an American politician who is currently a Mississippi state senator.	Albert Butler	politician
occupation	Carl Quintanilla (born September 10, 1970 in Midland, Michigan) is an American journalist working for CNBC.	Carl Quintanilla	journalist
occupation	Henry Clay Frick II (October 18, 1919 -- February 9, 2007) was an American physician and professor of medicine at the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons.	Henry Clay Frick II	physician
occupation	Mark Illsley (born June 4, 1958) is a film director best known for writing and directing the film Happy, Texas, which starred William H. Macy and Steve Zahn, and directing Bookies.	Mark Illsley	film director
occupation	Simon Emmett is an English portrait photographer based in London, mostly known for his celebrity portraits and beauty photography.	Simon Emmett	photographer
occupation	Crafton Wallace (born April 15, 1972) is an American mixed martial artist who currently competes as a middleweight.	Crafton Wallace	mixed martial artist
occupation	Leonardo Cimino (November 4, 1917 -- March 3, 2012) was an American film, television and stage actor who in 1937 appeared in the original stage production of Marc Blitzstein's The Cradle Will Rock.	Leonardo Cimino	actor
occupation	Dave Owen (born April 25, 1958 in Cleburne, Texas), is a former professional baseball player who played infielder in the Major Leagues from 1983-1988.	Dave Owen	baseball player
occupation	Todd Barranger (born October 19, 1968) is an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour, Asian Tour and the Nationwide Tour.	Todd Barranger	golfer
occupation	David Liptak (born December 18, 1949 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA) is a composer and music teacher living in Rochester, New York.	David Liptak	composer
occupation	Johannes Buchner is a German biochemist and professor at the Technische Universität München (TUM), Munich, Germany.	Johannes Buchner	biochemist
occupation	Stefan Niementowski (August 4, 1866 -- July 13, 1925 was a Polish chemist. He discovered the Niementowski quinoline synthesis and the Niementowski quinazoline synthesis. He was a president of Polish Copernicus Society of Naturalists (1920--22).	Stefan Niementowski	chemist
occupation	Horace Mann (May 4, 1796 -- August 2, 1859) was an American politician and educational reformer.	Horace Mann	politician
occupation	Lynn Picknett is a writer, researcher, and lecturer on the paranormal, the occult, and historical and religious mysteries.	Lynn Picknett	writer
occupation	Nicolas Petrou is a Cypriot-American fashion designer and couturier based in New York City.	Nicolas Petrou	fashion designer
occupation	Lee Kwang-moon (Hangul: 이광문; hanja: 李光紋, born August 4, 1983) is a South Korean rugby union player.	Lee Kwang-moon	rugby union player
occupation	Cofounder in 1988 of the group of interuniversity investigation Step (Andalusian Poetry of the Century of Gold), directed by the professor Begoña López Well, chair of Spanish Literature of the University of Seville, Pedro Ruiz Pérez is director of the group of investigation PHEBO (Hispanic Poetry of the Low Baroque).	Pedro Ruiz Pérez	professor
occupation	Alexandra Rozenman is a contemporary Russian-American artist, active in the fields of painting, graphics, and book illustration.	Alexandra Rozenman	artist
occupation	Peveril Meigs, III, (May 5, 1903-September 16, 1979) was an American geographer, notable for his studies of arid lands on several continents and in particular for his work on the native peoples and early missions of northern Baja California, Mexico.	Peveril Meigs	geographer
occupation	Huang Lei (Chinese: 黄磊; pinyin: Huáng Lĕi) is a Chinese actor, director, singer, screenwriter, and model.	Huang Lei	actor	singer
occupation	Reynaldo Guerra Garza (July 7, 1915 -- September 14, 2004) was a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.	Reynaldo Guerra Garza	judge
occupation	Simon Naylor is an English film, stage and television actor.	Simon Naylor	actor
occupation	Margo Edmunds is an American health policy researcher, strategy consultant, educator, and writer who began her clinical career in disease management at Johns Hopkins Hospital.	Margo Edmunds	consultant	writer
occupation	K. R. Arjunan (born 1961 in Ooty) is a politician.	K. R. Arjunan	politician
occupation	Mervyn Connaughton is a hurler from County Roscommon, Ireland.	Mervyn Connaughton	hurler
occupation	Kenn Duncan (September 22, 1928 - July 27, 1986) was an American dance photographer.	Kenn Duncan	photographer
occupation	Édika is the nom de plume of Édouard Karali, a French comics artist, born December 17, 1940 in Heliopolis, Egypt, who is renowned for his distinctively absurd style.	Édika	comics artist
occupation	Viktor Gertler (August 24, 1901 -- July 5, 1969) was a Hungarian film editor and director active between the 1930s and 1960s.	Viktor Gertler	film editor
occupation	José Mariano Hernández or Joseph Marion Hernández (May 26, 1788 -- June 8, 1857) was an American politician, plantation owner, and soldier.	Joseph Marion Hernández	politician
occupation	Ann Burton (March 4, 1933, Amsterdam -- November 29, 1989, Amsterdam) is the pseudonym of Johanna Rafalowicz (between 1938 and 1971: Johanna de Paauw), a Dutch jazz singer.	Ann Burton	singer
occupation	Trygve Nagell (July 13, 1895, Oslo -- January 24, 1988, Uppsala) was a Norwegian mathematician, known for his works on the Diophantine equations within number theory.	Trygve Nagell	mathematician
occupation	Dur Mohammad Kassi (Pashto: د ر محمد کاسئی ‎) is a television producer and documentary filmmaker.	Dur Mohammad Kassi	television producer
occupation	Reza Attaran (born 1968) is an Iranian actor and director.	Reza Attaran	actor
occupation	Don Kottmann is a painter dividing his time between Kansas City, Missouri and Calgary, Alberta.	Don Kottmann	painter
occupation	Alexander Garnet Brown (May 2, 1930 -- January 7, 2010), known as Garnet Brown, was a Canadian businessman and politician who served in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1969 to 1978.	Alexander Garnet Brown	politician
occupation	Chandler Massey (born September 10, 1990) is an American actor, best known for his portrayal of Will Horton on the daytime soap opera Days of Our Lives.	Chandler Massey	actor
occupation	Barbara Ann Marshall (born November 27, 1957) is an American former swimmer and former world record-holder.	Ann Marshall	swimmer
occupation	Kerri Kenney-Silver (born January 20, 1970) is an American actress, comedian, singer and writer best known as a cast member on MTV's The State and for her role as Deputy Trudy Wiegel on the Comedy Central series Reno 911!.	Kerri Kenney-Silver	singer
occupation	Scott Newcomer (August 12, 1965) is a Wisconsin legislator and politician.	Scott Newcomer	politician
occupation	Eddie Hasha (died September 8, 1912) was an American motorcycle racer on board tracks early in the twentieth century.	Eddie Hasha	motorcycle racer
occupation	Carl Summers (born November 22, 1943), known by his stage name Carl Rogel, is an American singer, songwriter, and producer.	Carl Summers	singer, songwriter
occupation	Dean Hawkes is a British architect and award-winning academic.	Dean Hawkes	architect
occupation	Dave Pensado is a Grammy Award-winning mix engineer.	Dave Pensado	engineer
occupation	Ludy T. Benjamin, Jr., PhD (born December 26, 1945) is an American psychologist and historian of psychology.	Ludy T. Benjamin	psychologist
occupation	Christian Wilhelm Berger (born 13 June 1964 in Bucharest) is a Romanian composer, organist, and a Lecturer at the Bucharest Academy.	Christian Wilhelm Berger	composer
occupation	Ramjeevan is an Indian film composer and musician in the Tamil Film Industry	Ramjeevan	composer
occupation	Arturo Azcorra (born November 8, 1962, in Santurce, Spain) is a Spanish computer scientist and telecommunications engineer, who is recognized as a pioneer of internet and network science research in Spain, as well as a promoter of telematics as a scientific and academic discipline born from the integration of telecommunications and informatics.	Arturo Azcorra	computer scientist
occupation	Miklós Bóna (born on October 6, 1967, in Székesfehérvár) is an American mathematician of Hungarian origin.	Miklós Bóna	mathematician
occupation	Mrs W. H. Foley, baptised Catherine Huggins in Louth, Lincolnshire, England, in early 1821, made a name for herself as actor, singer, director and manager.	Mrs W. H. Foley	singer
occupation	Adam Huntsman (February 11, 1786 - August 23, 1849) was an American lawyer and politician who represented Tennessee's twelfth district in the United States House of Representatives from 1835 to 1837.	Adam Huntsman	politician
occupation	Alexandra Podryadova is a Kazakhstani judoka from Shymkent who competes in the women's 48 kg category.	Alexandra Podryadova	judoka
occupation	Louis Pinkerton is a North Dakota Democratic-NPL Party politician who represented the 5th district in the North Dakota House of Representatives from 2007-2011.	Louis Pinkerton	politician
occupation	James Gunn (born August 5, 1970) is an American screenwriter, director, producer, novelist, actor, and musician.	James Gunn	screenwriter	novelist	actor
occupation	Wendy Macpherson is an American ten-pin bowler.	Wendy Macpherson	bowler
occupation	Catte Adams is an American singer/songwriter who has toured or recorded with artists such as Bill Medley, Neil Young, Natalie Cole, Chaka Khan, and appears on Yanni's live concert video, Tribute.	Catte Adams	singer
occupation	Claudia Bär (April 9, 1980 -- September 28, 2015) was a German slalom canoer who competed from the mid-1990s until 2015.	Claudia Bär	canoer
occupation	Bindeshwari Prasad Sinha, popularly known as B. P. Sinha, was an Indian archaeologist and historian specialising in ancient Indian history.	Bindeshwari Prasad Sinha	archaeologist
occupation	Akiba ben Judah Loeb was a German rabbi, who lived in Lehren-Steinsfeld, Württemberg, at the beginning of the eighteenth century.	Akiba ben Judah Loeb	rabbi
occupation	Alexander Massialas (born April 20, 1994) is an American foil fencer, team silver medallist in the 2014 World Fencing Championships.	Alexander Massialas	fencer
occupation	George Nozuka (born April 28, 1986, in New York) is a Canadian-American R&B singer of mixed Caucasian and Japanese descent.	George Nozuka	singer
occupation	Natty is a songwriter, singer and musician from Finsbury Park, North London.	Natty	musician
occupation	Blanche Satchel (born c. 1908, date of death unknown) was an Australian dancer who appeared in the Ziegfeld Follies and Earl Carroll's Vanities.	Blanche Satchel	dancer
occupation	Geoffrey Lower (born March 19, 1963) is an American actor known for playing Reverend Timothy Johnson on Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman.	Geoffrey Lower	actor
occupation	Anacharsis (/ˌænəˈkɑrsɪs/; Greek: Ἀνάχαρσις) was a Scythian philosopher who travelled from his homeland on the northern shores of the Black Sea to Athens in the early 6th century BC and made a great impression as a forthright, outspoken ``barbarian''.	Anacharsis	philosopher
occupation	Antonio Vite was a fourteenth century Italian painter of the early 15th century.	Antonio Vite	painter
occupation	Bernardo Pisano (also Pagoli) (October 12, 1490 -- January 23, 1548) was an Italian composer, priest, singer, and scholar of the Renaissance.	Bernardo Pisano	composer
occupation	Vikram Bhagvandas Mehta (August 15, 1946 -- June 4, 2014) has been an Indian mathematician who worked on algebraic geometry and vector bundles.	Vikram Bhagvandas Mehta	mathematician
occupation	Alfred E. Johnson was an anthropologist and archaeologist at the University of Kansas.	Alfred E. Johnson	archaeologist
occupation	Masaki Nishizawa (born February 22, 1972) is a Japanese mixed martial artist.	Masaki Nishizawa	mixed martial artist
occupation	Flora Buka is a Zimbabwean politician and Minister of State for Special Affairs Responsible for Land and Resettlement Programme.	Flora Buka	politician
occupation	Bernadette Peters (born Bernadette Lazzara; February 28, 1948) is an American actress, singer and children's book author.	Bernadette Peters	singer
occupation	Josep Maria Pons Irazazábal (April 12, 1948, Palma) is a Spanish diplomat.	Josep Maria Pons Irazazábal	diplomat
occupation	Dexter Edge (born in Tacoma, Washington, 20 January 1953) is an American musicologist.	Dexter Edge	musicologist
occupation	Dorothy Schiff (March 11, 1903 - August 30, 1989) was an owner and then publisher of the New York Post for nearly 40 years.	Dorothy Schiff	publisher
occupation	Louise Brann was an American painter who worked in the Federal Art Project during the New Deal.	Louise Brann	painter
occupation	Taarak Mehta is an Indian columnist, humorist, writer and playwright who is best known for the column Duniya Na Undha Chasma in the Gujarati language.	Taarak Mehta	writer	playwright
occupation	Paul Poulton is a British singer-songwriter, guitarist and writer.	Paul Poulton	writer
occupation	Giovanni Battista Brevi (Bergamo, ca. 1650; Milan, after 1725) was an Italian Baroque composer.	Giovanni Battista Brevi	composer
occupation	Andrew Neiderman (born October 26, 1940 in Brooklyn, N.Y.), is a best-selling American novelist.	Andrew Neiderman	novelist
occupation	Dr Helen Geake is an archaeologist who was one of the key members of Channel 4's popular and long-running archaeology series Time Team, presented by Tony Robinson, along with Mick Aston and Phil Harding.	Helen Geake	archaeologist
occupation	Ruthe Katherine Pearlman (June 30, 1913 -- January 30, 2007) was an American painter, art propagandist, art educator and philanthropist.	Ruthe Katherine Pearlman	painter
occupation	Salim Yusuf (born November 26, 1952) is an Indian-born Canadian physician, the Marion W. Burke Chair in Cardiovascular Disease at McMaster University Medical School and currently the President of the World Heart Federation, a world-renowned cardiologist and epidemiologist.	Salim Yusuf	cardiologist	epidemiologist
occupation	Paul Bowes (died 1702), was the editor of D'Ewes's 'Journals.	Paul Bowes	editor
occupation	Federico Barbaro, S.D.B. (February 18, 1913 February 29, 1996), was an Italian missionary in Japan, of the congregation of the Salesians of Don Bosco, also active as a teacher, translator and essayist.	Federico Barbaro	translator
occupation	Jana Nejedly (born June 9, 1974 as Jana Nejedlá) is a Czech-born Canadian former professional tennis player.	Jana Nejedly	tennis player
occupation	Rev. Dr. Bartholomew Crotty DD, was an Irish priest and Bishop of Cloyne, who served as Rector of the Irish College at Lisbon from 1799 to 1811 and later President of Maynooth College from 1813 until 1832.	Bartholomew Crotty	priest
occupation	János Thurzó (Hungarian: Thurzó János, German: Johann T(h)urzo, Polish: Jan Turzo, Slovak: Ján T(h)urzo, April 30, 1437, Lőcse -- October 10, 1508, Nagybánya) was a Hungarian entrepreneur and mining engineer.	János Thurzó	mining engineer
occupation	Brinda Somaya is an Indian architect and urban conservationist.	Brinda Somaya	architect
occupation	Scott DuBois (born April 27, 1978) is an American jazz guitarist and composer.	Scott DuBois	composer
occupation	Frankie Narvaez (December 3, 1939 -- April 15, 2004) from Caguas, Puerto Rico was a Puerto Rican boxer.	Frankie Narvaez	boxer
occupation	David Miramant (born May 22, 1955) is an American politician and gilder pilot from Maine.	David Miramant	politician
occupation	Karl Swenson (July 23, 1908 -- October 8, 1978) was an American theatre, radio, film, and television actor.	Karl Swenson	actor
occupation	DJ Reach began his music career as a disc jockey at the age of 13 after receiving inspiration from the movie Juice starring Omar Epps and the late hip-hop legend Tupac Shakur.	DJ Reach	disc jockey
occupation	Jacqueline Gagne is an American golfer from Rancho Mirage, California.	Jacqueline Gagne	golfer
occupation	Ian Tattersall (born 1945) is a British-born American paleoanthropologist and a curator emeritus with the American Museum of Natural History in New York City, New York.	Ian Tattersall	paleoanthropologist
occupation	Clint Hester (born November 21, 1986) is an American mixed martial artist currently competing as a Middleweight for the Ultimate Fighting Championship.	Clint Hester	mixed martial artist
occupation	Guido Karp (born January 23, 1963) is a German music photographer.	Guido Karp	photographer
occupation	G. Patrick Hunt (born March 22, 1949) is a Canadian politician, who served in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1978 to 1981.	G. Patrick Hunt	politician
occupation	Nikita Borisoglebsky (Russian: Никита Аркадьевич Борисоглебский) is a Russian violinist.	Nikita Borisoglebsky	violinist
occupation	Jason Gann is an Australian actor, writer, and executive producer.	Jason Gann	writer	executive producer
occupation	Andrew Jackson Donelson (August 25, 1799 -- June 26, 1871) was an American diplomat and a candidate for Vice President of the United States in 1856.	Andrew Jackson Donelson	diplomat
occupation	Harold Ellsworth Crosby (January 22, 1899 -- January 12, 1958) was an American architect who supervised the construction of many G. C. Murphy Co. discount department stores across the United States.	Harold Ellsworth Crosby	architect
occupation	At the age of 17, Zhang Shan Qi achieved his dream of becoming a racing driver.	Zhang Shan Qi	racing driver
occupation	Robert Voisey (born 1969) is a composer and producer of electroacoustic and chamber music.	Robert Voisey	composer
occupation	Larry Gene Heien (born January 18, 1937 in Mt. Olive, Illinois and died September 12, 1991 in Singapore) was American linguist, slavist, expert of Russian studies and Russian language teaching, also known for his interest in music.	Larry Gene Heien	linguist
occupation	Laurynas Ivinskis (1810-1881) was a Lithuanian teacher, publisher, translator and lexicographer, from a Samogitian noble family.	Laurynas Ivinskis	lexicographer
occupation	Traian Brăileanu (September 14, 1882 -- October 3, 1947) was an Austro-Hungarian-born Romanian sociologist and politician.	Traian Brăileanu	sociologist
occupation	Louise McCullough M.D., Ph.D is a practicing vascular neurologist and associate professor who is actively engaged in stroke research at the University of Connecticut Health Center (UCHC) in Farmington, Connecticut in the United States.	Louise McCullough	neurologist
occupation	Alexandra Stoian (born in Bran, Brașov on August 5, 1983), previously Alexandra Rusu is a Romanian biathlete.	Alexandra Stoian	biathlete
occupation	Jitka Hanzlová is a Czech photographer, mostly known for her portraiture.	Jitka Hanzlová	photographer
occupation	Duris of Samos (Greek: Δοῦρις; c. 350 BC -- after 281 BC) was a Greek historian and was at some period tyrant of Samos.	Duris of Samos	historian
occupation	Germán Abad Valenzuela (1919--2008) was an Ecuadorian radiologist.	Germán Abad Valenzuela	radiologist
occupation	Clayton Patterson (born October 9, 1948) is a Canadian-born artist, photographer, videographer and folk historian.	Clayton Patterson	photographer
occupation	Nise da Silveira (February 2, 1905 -- October 30, 1999), was a Brazilian psychiatrist, student of Carl Jung.	Nise da Silveira	psychiatrist
occupation	Claus Adam (November 5, 1917 -- July 4, 1983) was an influential American cellist and cello teacher as well as a composer.	Claus Adam	cellist	composer
occupation	Hideko Takahashi is a children's book illustrator.	Hideko Takahashi	illustrator
occupation	Bashford Dean (October 28, 1867 -- December 6, 1928) was an American zoologist, specializing in ichthyology, and at the same time an expert in medieval armor.	Bashford Dean	zoologist
occupation	Jimmy Weldon (born September 23, 1923) is an American voice actor, ventriloquist, and former television host.	Jimmy Weldon	actor
occupation	Mahmoud Wagdy (born 1948) is an Egyptian politician and a former minister of interior.	Mahmoud Wagdy	politician
occupation	Svend Olufsen was a Danish electrical engineer who co-founded Bang & Olufsen with Peter Bang.	Svend Olufsen	engineer
occupation	James Michalopoulos (born 1951) is an American painter, sculptor, and entrepreneur.	James Michalopoulos	painter
occupation	Dennis Reid is a Canadian curator and art historian.	Dennis Reid	art historian
occupation	Arthur Cotton Moore is an architect in Washington, D.C..	Arthur Cotton Moore	architect
occupation	The Blessed Christopher Bales, also spelled Christopher Bayles, alias Christopher Evers (c.1564?--1590), was an English Catholic priest and martyr.	Christopher Bales	priest
occupation	Zack Lively (born March 20, 1987) is an American actor best known for his role as Heath on ABC Family's GRΣΣK.	Zack Lively	actor
occupation	Jan Reichle is an Australian cinematographer whose credits include the feature film Jucy (2010).	Jan Reichle	cinematographer
occupation	Judy Chirco is an American politician from California, currently serving on the San Jose, California City Council, representing District 9.	Judy Chirco	politician
occupation	Travis Milne is a Canadian actor, best known for portraying Officer Chris Diaz in the drama series Rookie Blue.	Travis Milne	actor
occupation	Valentin Gheorghiu (Romanian pronunciation: (valenˈtin ɡe̯orˈɡi.u); born 21 March 1928) is a Romanian classical pianist and composer.	Valentin Gheorghiu	composer
occupation	Hettige Don Rumesh Lahiru Thirimanne, known as Lahiru Thirimanne (Sinhalese: ළහිරු තිරිමාන්න; born 9 August 1989) is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer.	Lahiru Thirimanne	cricketer
occupation	Between 2011 and 2015, Mortiis (as a band or a solo musician) never stated that the project was on hiatus, although the last tour ended at P60 in Amstelveen (Netherlands) on July 8, 2011, with no performance, recording or releases since.	Mortiis	musician
occupation	Denis Paradis, PC (born April 1, 1949) is a politician and lawyer from the Canadian province of Quebec, and currently the Member of Parliament for Brome--	Denis Paradis	politician	lawyer
occupation	Buffie Carruth (born January 7, 1977), also known by her stage name Buffie the Body, is an American model, fitness instructor actress and writer.	Buffie Carruth	model
occupation	Vince Frost (Born November 1964 in Brighton, England) is an interdisciplinary graphic designer who works across Advertising, Design, Digital, Environments and Fashion.	Vince Frost	graphic designer
occupation	Jon Keeyes (born April 5, 1969) is an American film director, producer and screenwriter best known for his lower-budget horror movies.	Jon Keeyes	film director
occupation	Savina Cuéllar is a Bolivian politician, currently serving as governor of the Department of Chuquisaca.	Savina Cuéllar	politician
occupation	Jeremy Stover (February 2, 1951) is an American country music songwriter and record producer.	Jeremy Stover	songwriter
occupation	After finishing his MA in Cultural Sciences Micha Wertheim moved to Amsterdam and started working as a freelance radio producer, writer and comedian.	Micha Wertheim	writer
occupation	Marie Tharp (July 30, 1920 - August 23, 2006) was an American geologist and oceanographic cartographer who, in partnership with Bruce Heezen, created the first scientific map of the entire ocean floor.	Marie Tharp	cartographer
occupation	Abie Bain (August 10, 1906 -- April 9, 1993) was a rated Jewish Middleweight boxer from Newark, New Jersey.	Abie Bain	boxer
occupation	Jehoshua Rozenman (יהושע רוזנמן, born June 21, 1955 in Tel Aviv, Israel) is a Dutch/Israeli sculptor.	Jehoshua Rozenman	sculptor
occupation	Long Boret or Long Boreth (January 3, 1933 -- April 17, 1975) was a Cambodian politician who served as Prime Minister of the Khmer Republic from December 26, 1973 to April 17, 1975.	Long Boret	politician
occupation	Matt Knudsen (born March 10, 1957) is an American actor and boom operator.	Matt Knudsen	actor
occupation	Pablo César Cano García (born October 4, 1989) is a Mexican professional boxer and former WBA interim super lightweight champion.	Pablo César Cano	boxer
occupation	Lois Aileen Bey (born May 8, 1929) is an American chemical engineer who overcame overt sexism throughout her lifetime.	Lois Aileen Bey	engineer
occupation	Sterling Fox (born Brandon Lowry in Stoystown, Pennsylvania) is an American songwriter, record producer and recording artist.	Sterling Fox	songwriter	record producer
occupation	Cheryl Ladd (born Cheryl Jean Stoppelmoor; July 12, 1951) is an American actress, singer and author.	Cheryl Ladd	singer
occupation	James W. Maney (January 3, 1862 -- July 13, 1945) was an American engineer and railroad contractor during the late 19th and early 20th century.	James W. Maney	engineer
occupation	Manasa Tugia is a former Fijian politician, who served as Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives from 2005 to 2006, and as Chairman of Parliament's Justice, Law, and Order Committee.	Manasa Tugia	politician
occupation	Inna Ryzhykh (Ukrainian Інна Володимирівна Рижих; born 15 November 1985 in Dnipropetrovsk, Ukrainian Дніпропетровськ) is a professional Ukrainian triathlete, silver medalist at the Ukrainian Championships 2010, and a permanent member of the National Team.	Inna Ryzhykh	triathlete
occupation	Yusuf Maitama Sule is a Nigerian politician, acclaimed orator and diplomat.	Maitama Sule	diplomat
occupation	Joseph D. Ward (March 26, 1914 -- May 10, 2003) was an American politician who served as Massachusetts Secretary of the Commonwealth from January 1959 to January 1961.	Joseph D. Ward	politician
occupation	Francis Scott Key (August 1, 1779 -- January 11, 1843) was an American lawyer, author, and amateur poet, from Georgetown, Washington, D.C. who wrote the lyrics to the United States' national anthem, ``The Star-Spangled Banner''.	Francis Scott Key	lawyer	poet
occupation	Mark Pinter (born March 7, 1950) is an American actor probably best known for his numerous roles in daytime soap operas.	Mark Pinter	actor
occupation	Charles W. Watson (August 30, 1915 in Guelph, Ontario, Canada -- April 20, 2002 in Kaneohe, Hawaii), also known as Chuck Watson is an American sculptor.	Charles W. Watson	sculptor
occupation	Craig Edward Dykers is an American architect and founding partner of the architecture firm, Snøhetta.	Craig Edward Dykers	architect
occupation	Elizabeth Calabrese is an American Democratic Party politician, who has served on the Bergen County Board of Chosen Freeholders from 2004 to 2010.	Elizabeth Calabrese	politician
occupation	Siôn ap Hywel (fl. c.1490-1532) was a Welsh language poet.	Siôn ap Hywel	poet
occupation	John Wistar Simpson (25 September 1914 -- January 4, 2007) was an electrical engineer, who made significant contributions to the development of the nuclear energy.	John Wistar Simpson	engineer
occupation	Héctor Cavallero (born October 2, 1939), nicknamed El Tigre (``The Tiger'') is an Argentine politician, who was mayor of Rosario and a member of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies for the Province of Santa Fe.	Héctor Cavallero	politician
occupation	Dave Babcock is a Canadian saxophonist, singer, bandleader and producer who is originally from Vancouver, British Columbia.	Dave Babcock	singer
occupation	Gheorghe Funar (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈɡe̯orɡe ˈfunar); born September 29, 1949 in Sânnicolau Mare) is a nationalist Romanian politician, who rose to fame as mayor of Cluj-Napoca between 1992 and 2004	Gheorghe Funar	politician
occupation	Toby Haynes is a British television director, notable for his work on Doctor Who, Five Days, Being Human and M.I. High.	Toby Haynes	television director
occupation	Jože Mencinger (born 5 March 1941 ) is a Slovenian lawyer, economist, and politician.	Jože Mencinger	economist
occupation	William Cook Hanson (May 14, 1909 -- June 6, 1995) was a United States federal judge on the United States District Court for the Northern and Southern Districts of Iowa.	William Cook Hanson	judge
occupation	Frederick Tennyson Congdon (November 16, 1858 - March 13, 1932) was a Canadian politician, lawyer, and served as the Yukon's fourth Commissioner.	Frederick Tennyson Congdon	politician	lawyer
occupation	Josh Logan is a singer-songwriter, vocalist and guitarist best known for his performances on the television shows Rock Star:	Josh Logan	singer-songwriter
occupation	Federico Casagrande is an Italian jazz guitarist.	Federico Casagrande	guitarist
occupation	Abie Philbin Bowman is an Irish comedian and journalist.	Abie Philbin Bowman	journalist
occupation	Rose Mary Woods (December 26, 1917 -- January 22, 2005) was Richard Nixon's secretary from his days in Congress in 1951, through the end of his political career.	Rose Mary Woods	secretary
occupation	Jan Swafford (born September 10, 1946) is an American composer and author.	Jan Swafford	composer
occupation	Richard Earl Thompson (September 26, 1914 -- August 6, 1991) was a 20th-century American Impressionist painter who began his career as a commercial illustrator in Chicago, Illinois.	Richard Earl Thompson	painter	illustrator
occupation	Sebastian Claude Ridley was an organist, pianist, and composer born in West Derby, Liverpool, Lancashire in December 31, 1853.	Sebastian Claude Ridley	organist	composer
occupation	Cynthia Eagle Russett (Feb. 1, 1937 - Dec. 5, 2013) was an American historian, noted for her studies of 19th century American intellectual history, and women and gender.	Cynthia Eagle Russett	historian
occupation	Earl Boen (/ˈboʊᵻn/; born November 7, 1945) is an American actor and voice actor.	Earl Boen	actor
occupation	Walter Ulfig was a German composer of film scores.	Walter Ulfig	composer
occupation	Bahram Muzaffer (born August 4, 1986 in Fergana, Uzbekistan) is a Turkish amateur boxer competing in the light-heavyweight division.	Bahram Muzaffer	boxer
occupation	Aaron Himelstein (born October 10, 1985) is an American actor who is perhaps best known for playing a younger version of Austin Powers in Austin Powers in Goldmember and Friedman, Luke Girardi's best friend, in Joan of Arcadia.	Aaron Himelstein	actor
occupation	Richard Cassirer (April 23, 1868 -- August 20, 1925) was a German neurologist born into a Jewish family in Breslau.	Richard Cassirer	neurologist
occupation	Nimrod Megiddo (Hebrew: נמרוד מגידו‎) is a mathematician and computer scientist.	Nimrod Megiddo	mathematician	computer scientist
occupation	James C. Hawthorne (March 12, 1819 -- February 15, 1881, commonly known as J.C. Hawthorne) was an American physician and politician in the states of California and Oregon.	James C. Hawthorne	politician
occupation	Dr. Richárd Hörcsik (born December 23, 1955) is a Hungarian politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) for Sátoraljaújhely (Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County Constituency X then V) since 1998.	Richárd Hörcsik	politician
occupation	Natividad Betty Veizaga Siles (Vacas, Cochabamba, 1957) is a Bolivian folk music musician.	Betty Veizaga	musician
occupation	Roman Kejžar (born February 11, 1966 in Kranj) is a Slovenian long-distance and marathon runner.	Roman Kejžar	marathon runner
occupation	Peter Sloss is a Scottish meteorologist and broadcaster currently working for BBC Scotland.	Peter Sloss	meteorologist
occupation	Johannes Wildner (born 1956) is an Austrian conductor, conducting professor, and former member violinist with the Vienna Philharmonic.	Johannes Wildner	conductor
occupation	Leif Kobbelt (born December 12, 1966 in Cologne) is a German university professor for Computer Science with a specialization in Computer Graphics.	Leif Kobbelt	university professor
occupation	Fiona Boyes is an Australian blues musician.	Fiona Boyes	musician
occupation	Paul Revere (/rɪˈvɪər/; December 21, 1734 O.S. -- May 10, 1818) was an American silversmith, engraver, early industrialist, and a Patriot in the American Revolution.	Paul Revere	silversmith
occupation	Anne Clark Martindell (July 18, 1914 -- June 11, 2008) was an American Democratic Party politician from New Jersey, as well as a diplomat who served as United States Ambassador to New Zealand from 1979 to 1981.	Anne Clark Martindell	politician	diplomat
occupation	George Elliott Hagan (May 24, 1916 -- December 26, 1990) was an American politician, businessman and farmer and a Democrat.	George Elliott Hagan	politician
occupation	Andriy Sirovatchenko is a Paralympic swimmer from Ukraine competing mainly in category S9 events.	Andriy Sirovatchenko	swimmer
occupation	Rosa García García (Madrid, January 17, 1965), is a Spanish mathematician and executive.	Rosa García García	mathematician
occupation	Sara Pothaar (born June 26, 1978 in Kingston, Ontario) is a professional Canadian beach volleyball player.	Sara Pothaar	volleyball player
occupation	Sam Jaffe (March 10, 1891 -- March 24, 1984) was an American actor, teacher, musician, and engineer.	Sam Jaffe	actor
occupation	Lucia Chiavola Birnbaum is a Sicilian American feminist cultural historian.	Lucia Chiavola Birnbaum	cultural historian
occupation	Kuan Bi-ling (Chinese: 管碧玲; pinyin: Guǎn Bìlíng) is a Taiwanese politician.	Kuan Bi-ling	politician
occupation	William Samuel Verplanck Junior (January 16, 1916 in Plainfield, New Jersey -- September 30, 2002 in Knoxville, Tennessee) was an American psychologist.	William Samuel Verplanck Junior	psychologist
occupation	Arjan Singh (born August 12, 1974), known by the stage name Arj Barker, is an American stand-up comedian and actor from San Anselmo, California.	Arj Barker	comedian	actor
occupation	Dr. Dietrich Stephan, Ph.D. (born August 25, 1969) is an American human geneticist and entrepreneur who works in personalized medicine.	Dietrich Stephan	geneticist
occupation	Raised in and around automobile racing, Jean-Louis Trintignant was the natural choice of film director Claude Lelouch for the starring role of race car driver in the 1966 film, A Man and a Woman.	Jean-Louis Trintignant	film director
occupation	Rimi Tomy is an Indian playback singer, television host,and actress.	Rimi Tomy	singer
occupation	Gavriil Kharitonovich Popov (Russian: Гаврии́л Харито́нович Попо́в; born 1936) is a Russian politician and economist.	Gavriil Kharitonovich Popov	politician	economist
occupation	Sheilah Beckett (September 5, 1913 - November 17, 2013) was an American illustrator, known for her work on the Little Golden Books series.	Sheilah Beckett	illustrator
occupation	Olof B. Widlund, born 1938, is a Swedish-American mathematician.	Olof B. Widlund	mathematician
occupation	Thomas A. Gardiner (August 2, 1832 New York City -- May 2, 1881 Brooklyn, Kings County, New York) was an American politician from New York.	Thomas A. Gardiner	politician
occupation	Monica Rich Kosann is a fine art black-and-white photographer, who is also the founder of the Monica Rich Kosann a, jewelry, home decor and accessory company.	Monica Rich Kosann	photographer
occupation	Robert MacNaughton (born December 19, 1966) is an American actor, best known for his role as Elliott's brother Michael in E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, for which he won a 1982 Young Artist Award as Best Young Supporting Actor in a Motion Picture.	Robert MacNaughton	actor
occupation	David Kagen (born September 27, 1948) is an American film and television actor, best known for playing Sheriff Michael Garris in Friday the 13th Part VI:	David Kagen	actor
occupation	Du Jun (simplified Chinese: 杜军; traditional Chinese: 杜軍; pinyin: Dù Jūn) is a Chinese businessman and financier with origins in Beijing.	Du Jun	financier
occupation	Donald Mahwetša Laka (born 15 December 1958 in Mamelodi, Pretoria), professionally known as Don Laka, is a South African jazz musician, pianist, songwriter, music producer and entrepreneur.	Don Laka	jazz musician
occupation	Jordan Levy (November 4, 1943) is an American Democratic politician and talk radio host from Worcester, Massachusetts.	Jordan Levy	politician	radio host
occupation	Corey Rodriguez is a retired professional super welterweight boxer from Minneapolis, Minnesota.	Corey Rodriguez	boxer
occupation	Timothy J. O'Connor, Jr. (born December 13, 1936) is a retired Vermont lawyer and politician who served as Speaker of the Vermont House of Representatives.	Timothy J. O'Connor, Jr.	lawyer	politician
occupation	Ray Dolan was an Irish singer-songwriter and guitarist.	Ray Dolan	songwriter
occupation	Steve Faber is a screenwriter best known for his work in the movie Wedding Crashers.	Steve Faber	screenwriter
occupation	Inez James (November 15, 1919 -- December 19, 1993), also known as Inez James Walden, was an American composer working mostly in the motion picture industry.	Inez James	composer
occupation	Maximilian Spinola (Italian: Massimiliano Spinola; July 10, 1780 -- November 12, 1857) was an Italian entomologist.	Maximilian Spinola	entomologist
occupation	Dawn Duke considers Maria Firmina dos Reis, together with Cuban writer María Dámasa Jova Baró, ``as eminent precursors to a distinguished line of subsequent women writers'' in the Afro-Latin American context.	Maria Firmina dos Reis	writer
occupation	Dustin Hunter (born Dustin Alexander Hunter, aka dustyohunter) is an American artist, singer-songwriter, make-up artist, blogger and entrepreneur.	Dustin Hunter	singer-songwriter	make-up artist
occupation	Michael Cudlitz (born December 29, 1964) is an American actor, known for portraying John Cooper on the TNT drama series Southland, Sergeant Denver ``Bull'' Randleman on the HBO miniseries Band of Brothers, and Sergeant Abraham Ford on the AMC horror series The Walking Dead.	Michael Cudlitz	actor
occupation	Bulaimu Muwanga Kibirige, commonly known as BMK, is a Ugandan businessman, entrepreneur, and hotel owner.	Bulaimu Muwanga Kibirige	entrepreneur
occupation	Mariam McGlone (January 20, 1916 -- May 19, 2008) was an American dancer, dance critic, and educator.	Mariam McGlone	dancer
occupation	Wang Xiaoshuai (simplified Chinese: 王小帅; traditional Chinese: 王小帥; pinyin: Wáng Xiăoshuài; born May 22, 1966) is a Chinese film director, screenwriter and occasional actor.	Wang Xiaoshuai	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Julianne Tarroja (born February 1, 1983), sometimes professionally billed as Julianne, is a Filipina singer-songwriter.	Julianne Tarroja	singer
occupation	Jeffrey D. Brown is an American film/television director film producer and screenwriter.	Jeffrey D. Brown	screenwriter
occupation	Simon Ludders is an English film and television actor, writer and director.	Simon Ludders	actor
occupation	James Joicey, 1st Baron Joicey (4 April 1846 -- 21 November 1936) was a coal mining magnate from Durham and a British Liberal Party politician.	James Joicey, 1st Baron Joicey	politician
occupation	Tako Hajo Jelgersma (October 29, 1702 in Harlingen -- March 24, 1795 in Haarlem), was an 18th-century Dutch painter.	Tako Hajo Jelgersma	painter
occupation	Elias Durand (January 25, 1794 -- August 15, 1873), born Élie Magloire Durand, was an American pharmacist and botanist.	Elias Durand	botanist
occupation	Richard Treat Williams (born December 1, 1951) is a Golden Globe and Emmy award-nominated American actor and children's book author who has appeared on film, stage and television.	Treat Williams	actor
occupation	Joseph Henry Scattergood (January 26, 1877 -- June 15, 1953) was an American cricketer, active in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.	Henry Scattergood	cricketer
occupation	Jeffrey Kluger (born 1954) is a senior writer at Time Magazine and author of nine books on various topics, such as The Narcissist Next Door (2014);	Jeffrey Kluger	author
occupation	Maury Finney (born in Humboldt, Minnesota) is an American country music saxophonist.	Maury Finney	saxophonist
occupation	Daboo Malik, born Israr Sardaar Malik, was a Indian music director, composer, singer, actor and scriptwriter in the Hindi film industry.	Daboo Malik	composer	singer
occupation	Thessalus of Tralles (fl. circa 70-95 AD) was a famous Roman physician and early adherent to the Methodic school of medicine.	Thessalus of Tralles	physician
occupation	Henry Helm Clayton (1861--1946) was an American meteorologist and weather forecaster.	Henry Helm Clayton	meteorologist
occupation	Abdirahman Yabarow (Somali: Cabdiraxmaan Yabarow, Arabic: عبد الرحمن يابارو‎) is a Somali journalist.	Abdirahman Yabarow	journalist
occupation	Hrvoje Kraljević (born March 16, 1944) is Croatian mathematician and a former politician.	Hrvoje Kraljević	mathematician
occupation	Ingrid Lieten (born 20 April 1964, Hasselt) is a Flemish politician and currently Minister for Innovation, Public Investment, Media and Poverty Reduction in the Flemish Government for the Socialist Party --	Ingrid Lieten	politician
occupation	Melvin D. Close, Jr. (born April 24, 1934), was an American politician who was a Democratic member of the Nevada General Assembly.	Melvin D. Close, Jr.	politician
occupation	Kenneth N. Beers, M.D. is an American medical doctor who served as a NASA flight surgeon during the Project Gemini and Apollo Program eras.	Kenneth N. Beers	surgeon
occupation	Mehdi Vaez-Iravani is an Iranian scientist, engineer and inventor involved in the invention of Shear-force microscopy.	Mehdi Vaez-Iravani	engineer
occupation	Norihiro Tsuru (都留教博)is a Japanese violinist and composer.	Norihiro Tsuru	composer
occupation	Ken Corday (Kenneth Robert Corday) (born June 16, 1950) is an American television soap opera producer and music composer.	Ken Corday	composer
occupation	P. Folsom was the head coach of the University of Maine's football team in 1895 and compiled a 1--4 record.	P. Folsom	head coach
occupation	Martin Lüscher (born August 3, 1949 in Bern) is a Swiss theoretical physicist, who works primarily on numerical quantum chromodynamics (lattice field theory).	Martin Lüscher	physicist
occupation	Luzio Dolci or Lucio Dolce was a late-16th century Italian painter active in Castel Durante in the Province of Pesaro and Urbino in the Region of the Marche.	Luzio Dolci	painter
occupation	Esther Lewis, born at Efail-y-Banc, Rhydargaeau, Carmarthenshire, Wales, was a missionary in India.	Esther Lewis	missionary
occupation	Jeff Barry (born Joel Adelberg, April 3, 1938, Brooklyn, New York) is an American pop music songwriter, singer, and record producer.	Jeff Barry	songwriter	singer	record producer
occupation	Eudemus of Rhodes (Greek: Εὔδημος) was an ancient Greek philosopher, considered the first historian of science, who lived from c. 370 BC until c. 300 BC. He was one of Aristotle's most important pupils, editing his teacher's work and making it more easily accessible.	Eudemus of Rhodes	philosopher	historian of science
occupation	Tom Shaner is an American songwriter and musician, performer, director, and writer based in New York City.	Tom Shaner	songwriter
occupation	Tom Rush (born February 8, 1941) is an American folk and blues singer, songwriter, musician and recording artist.	Tom Rush	singer, songwriter
occupation	Charles Henry Mills (January 29, 1873 -- July 23, 1937) was an English-American composer and director of the University of Wisconsin--	Charles Henry Mills	composer
occupation	Tim Schrick (born January 20, 1976) is a German racecar driver and television presenter.	Tim Schrick	television presenter
occupation	Jonás Cuarón is a Mexican film director, screenwriter, producer, editor and cinematographer.	Jonás Cuarón	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Fay Presto (the stage name of Letitia Winter.17 May 1948) who is known as a magician and a member of The Inner Magic Circle.	Fay Presto	magician
occupation	Joseph E. Bates (May 5, 1837 -- September 22, 1900) was an American politician who served on the city council and as mayor.	Joseph E. Bates	politician
occupation	Anton Julius Carlson (January 29, 1875 -- September 2, 1956) was a Swedish American physiologist.	Anton Julius Carlson	physiologist
occupation	Felix Slatkin (December 22, 1915 -- February 8, 1963) was an American violinist and conductor.	Felix Slatkin	conductor
occupation	Mary Rockwell Hook (September 8, 1877 -- September 8, 1978) was an American architect and a pioneer for women in architecture.	Mary Rockwell Hook	architect
occupation	Aimé Venel (born May 8, 1950) is a French painter and drawer who focuses on figurative and symbolist style.	Aimé Venel	painter
occupation	Bibi Russell is a Bangladeshi fashion designer and former international model.	Bibi Russell	model
occupation	Michael J. Deas (born 1956) is an American painter and illustrator.	Michael J. Deas	painter
occupation	Teuta Arifi (Macedonian: Теута Арифи) is a Macedonian politician of Albanian origin.	Teuta Arifi	politician
occupation	Saunders Terrell (October 24, 1911 -- March 11, 1986), known as Sonny Terry, was a blind American Piedmont blues musician.	Sonny Terry	musician
occupation	Jehane Noujaim (Egyptian Arabic: چيهان نچيم, IPA: (ʒeˈhæːn nʊˈʒeːm)) is an Egyptian American documentary film director best known for her films Control Room, Startup.com, Pangea Day and The Square, that earned her documentary a nomination for an Academy Award.	Jehane Noujaim	film director
occupation	Rabbi Charles Ber Chavel (Chaim Dov) (Hebrew: חיים דוב שעוועל) was a rabbi and scholar who, most notably, published critical editions of medieval Jewish commentators.	Charles Ber Chavel	rabbi
occupation	Ira Jacknis is an American anthropologist who studies Native American art of the Northwest Coast.	Ira Jacknis	anthropologist
occupation	Mario Carotenuto (June 29, 1915 -- April 14, 1995) was an Italian actor of theatre and cinema.	Mario Carotenuto	actor
occupation	Nico Pitney (born 1981) is an American journalist and editor best known for his work with The Huffington Post.	Nico Pitney	journalist
occupation	Beta Vukanović (April 18, 1872 -- October 31, 1972) was a Serbian painter and centenarian.	Beta Vukanović	painter
occupation	Stefan Sagmeister (born August 6, 1962) is a New York-based graphic designer and typographer.	Stefan Sagmeister	graphic designer	typographer
occupation	Trina Medina is a Venezuelan Salsa and Son singer, songwriter and music arranger.	Trina Medina	singer
occupation	Tommy Victor (born September 19, 1966) is the lead singer and guitarist for the heavy metal band Prong that he founded in New York in 1986.	Tommy Victor	singer
occupation	Mathilde Cottrelly (February 7, 1851 in Hamburg, Germany -- June 15, 1933 in Tuckerton, New Jersey) (née Meyer) was a German born stage actress, singer, producer and theatre manager.	Mathilde Cottrelly	singer
occupation	Nemours Auguste (1850 - ) was a notable Haitian diplomat.	Nemours Auguste	diplomat
occupation	John A. Mackay (May 17, 1889 -- June 9, 1983) was a Presbyterian theologian, missionary, and educator.	John A. Mackay	theologian
occupation	Frank H. Reid (1844 or 1850 -- July 20, 1898) was an American soldier, teacher, city engineer, vigilante, and one of the fatal combatants in the shootout on Juneau Wharf that ended the life of American outlaw Jefferson ``Soapy'' Smith.	Frank H. Reid	teacher
occupation	Eucharius Gottlieb Rink (August 11, 1670 -- February 9, 1745) was a German jurist, heraldist, numismatician, imperial counsellor.	Eucharius Gottlieb Rink	jurist
occupation	John Ross Palmer is an American artist based in Houston, Texas.	John Ross Palmer	artist
occupation	Rufius Achilius Sividius (floruit 483-488) was a Roman politician.	Rufius Achilius Sividius	politician
occupation	Steven E. Koonin (born December 12, 1951) is a theoretical physicist and Director of the Center for Urban Science and Progress at New York University.	Steven E. Koonin	physicist
occupation	Khagapati Pradhani was an Indian politician belonging to the Indian National Congress he was elected in 1967,1971,1977,1980,1984,1989,1991,1996 and 1998 from Nowrangpur constituency of Odisha to the Lower House of the Indian Parliament the Lok Sabha.	Khagapati Pradhani	politician
occupation	Bruno Walter (born Bruno Schlesinger, September 15, 1876 -- February 17, 1962) was a German-born conductor, pianist and composer.	Bruno Walter	conductor	pianist	composer
occupation	Pere Moragues (ca. 1330-1388) was a Catalan sculptor and goldsmith active in the second half of the 14th Century.	Pere Moragues	sculptor	goldsmith
occupation	Glen Scantlebury is an American film editor, director, and screenwriter.	Glen Scantlebury	film editor
occupation	Paul Wassif (born 1963 in Bristol, England) is a British musician, guitarist, and singer songwriter.	Paul Wassif	guitarist
occupation	James D. Griffioen (born February 4, 1977) is an American writer and photographer who resides in Detroit, Michigan.	James D. Griffioen	photographer
occupation	Jean-Pierre Soucy (born December 20, 1952) is an educator, civil servant and former politician in Quebec.	Jean-Pierre Soucy	politician
occupation	Richard Hurlstone or Richard Hurleston (1740s -- 1780s) was a British portrait painter known for being a pupil of Joseph Wright of Derby.	Richard Hurleston	painter
occupation	David Patrick Kelly (born January 23, 1951) is an American actor and musician who has appeared in numerous films and television series.	David Patrick Kelly	actor
occupation	Simon C. Hitchcock (ca. 1801 -- September 27, 1878 Binghamton, Broome County, New York) was an American book publisher and politician from New York.	Simon C. Hitchcock	politician
occupation	N. Richard Nash (June 8, 1913 -- December 11, 2000) was a writer and dramatist best known for writing Broadway shows, including The Rainmaker.	N. Richard Nash	writer
occupation	Ugo Marotta (September 23, 1942 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian musician, conductor, arranger, composer, keyboards and vibraphonist.	Ugo Marotta	composer
occupation	Denice Klarskov (born April 18, 1986) is a Danish pornographic actress and entrepreneur.	Denice Klarskov	entrepreneur
occupation	Herman de Valenciennes, 12th-century French poet, was born at Valenciennes.	Herman de Valenciennes	poet
occupation	Chris Brochu (born June 25, 1989) is an American actor and singer-songwriter, older brother of Doug Brochu.	Chris Brochu	actor
occupation	Kenneth A. Frank is an American clinical psychologist and psychoanalyst, and co-founder of the National Institute for the Psychotherapies in New York City, where he is Director of Training.	Kenneth A. Frank	psychologist
occupation	R. William Hasker is an American philosopher and Distinguished Professor Emeritus of Philosophy at Huntington University.	William Hasker	philosopher
occupation	Joe Gray Taylor (February 14, 1920 -- December 8, 1987) was a historian of the American South who published fifteen essays and eight books, including Louisiana: a Bicentennial History (1976).	Joe Gray Taylor	historian
occupation	Ricardo Caballero Tostado (born January 19, 1982) is a Mexican singer who was the runner-up of the second season of the singing competition series Latin American Idol.	Ricardo Caballero Tostado	singer
occupation	Manuel Lapeña Rodríguez y Ruiz de Sotillo (fl. 1808--1811), sometimes referred to as Lapeña, was a Spanish military officer who served during the Peninsular War (Guerra de la Independencia Española -- the Spanish War of Independence).	Manuel Lapeña	officer
occupation	Zyhdi Ohri (1870-1931), also known as Zuhdi bey Ohri was a 19th-century Albanian politician.	Zyhdi Ohri	politician
occupation	Russel Farnham (1784 -- October 23, 1832) was an American frontiersman, explorer, and fur trader.	Russel Farnham	explorer
occupation	Bassingbourne Gawdy (died 1590), of West Harling, Norfolk, was an English politician.	Bassingbourne Gawdy (died 1590)	politician
occupation	Joanne M. Duren (b. October 11. 1931) is a former American politician and businesswoman.	Joanne M. Duren	politician
occupation	Norton Allen (1909--1997) was an American artist and avocational archaeologist who worked in the American Southwest, primarily in California and Arizona.	Norton Allen	artist	archaeologist
occupation	Kaname Yokoo (Japanese: 横尾要, born 24 July 1972) is a Japanese professional golfer.	Kaname Yokoo	golfer
occupation	Joanne Borgella (died October 18, 2014) was an American singer, model and reality television personality.	Joanne Borgella	singer	model
occupation	Wolf Szmuness ( March 12, 1919 -- June 6, 1982 ) was a Polish-born epidemiologist who emigrated to and worked in the United States.	Wolf Szmuness	epidemiologist
occupation	Alice Sue Claeys (born February 24, 1975) is a former competitive figure skater.	Alice Sue Claeys	figure skater
occupation	Manuel Sadosky (April 13, 1914 -- June 18, 2005) was an Argentine mathematician, born in Buenos Aires to Jewish Russian immigrants fleeing the pogroms.	Manuel Sadosky	mathematician
occupation	Daniel Myrick (born September 3, 1963) is an American film director most famous for horror films, especially for co-directing and writing the 1999 psychological horror The Blair Witch Project with Eduardo Sánchez, for which they won the Independent Spirit John Cassavetes Award.	Daniel Myrick	film director
occupation	Christian Schwartz (born December 30, 1977 in Concord, New Hampshire, USA) is an American type designer.	Christian Schwartz	type designer
occupation	Jim Waring (born December 27, 1967) is an American politician, who served as state Senator for seven years in the Arizona State Senate and now represents District 2 on the Phoenix City Council.	Jim Waring	politician
occupation	Norm Feuti (b. May 14, 1970) is an American cartoonist best known for his nationally syndicated comic strips Retail and Gil.	Norm Feuti	cartoonist
occupation	Lucius de Mello is a Brazilian writer and journalist.	Lucius de Mello	journalist
occupation	Česlav Okinčic (Polish: Czesław Okińczyc; born September 13, 1955) is a Polish-Lithuanian politician.	Česlav Okinčic	politician
occupation	Walter Kälin (born 1951 in Zurich) is a preeminent Swiss humanitarian, constitutional lawyer, international human rights lawyer, activist, and advocate.	Walter Kälin	lawyer
occupation	Sandeep Rajora is an Indian model and actor.	Sandeep Rajora	actor
occupation	John Turbridge (fl. 1589), of Dogfeilyn Llanrhudd, Denbighshire, was a Welsh politician.	John Turbridge	politician
occupation	Donald R. Cronin was a Michigan mayor and politician.	Donald R. Cronin	politician
occupation	Eugen Munteanu (born August 18, 1953, Seimeni, Constanţa County) is a Romanian linguist.	Eugen Munteanu	linguist
occupation	Jacquemart de Hesdin (c. 1355 -- c. 1414) was a French miniature painter working in the International Gothic style.	Jacquemart de Hesdin	painter
occupation	Charles Fahy (August 27, 1892 -- September 17, 1979) served as Solicitor General of the United States and later as a United States federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.	Charles Fahy	judge
occupation	Benjamin Arthur Quarles (January 23, 1904 -- November 16, 1996) was an African-American historian, administrator, scholar, educator, and writer.	Benjamin Arthur Quarles	historian
occupation	The son of a Parisian architect, Nicolas Bataille (born Roger Bataille) debuted as an actor during the French Occupation while following the dramatic teachings of René Simon, Tania Balachova, and the comedienne Solange Sicard.	Nicolas Bataille	actor
occupation	Chhabildas Mehta was an Indian politician and the former Chief Minister of Gujarat who served from 1994 to 1995.	Chhabildas Mehta	politician
occupation	Marijan Trepše (1887--1964) was a Croatian painter, graphic artist and set designer, considered to be one of the key figures in Croatian art in the early part of the 20th century.	Marijan Trepše	painter
occupation	Arnaldo Ferrari Nasi (born July 9, 1965 in Chiavari, Genoa) is an Italian sociologist, journalist and political analyst.	Arnaldo Ferrari Nasi	sociologist
occupation	Rosalía Peredo Aguilar is a Mexican politician who currently serves in the upper house of Congress.	Rosalía Peredo	politician
occupation	Samantha Preston (born December 15, 1984 in Calgary, Alberta) is a Canadian curler who currently throws lead stones for Crystal Webster out of the Calgary Curling Club in Calgary.	Samantha Preston	curler
occupation	August Siemering (1828 -- 1883), was a notable German Texan educator, writer, publisher and political leader.	August Siemering	publisher
occupation	Elaine Fuchs (born 1940) is an American cell biologist, famous for her work on the biology and molecular mechanisms of mammalian skin and skin diseases, and has led the modernization of dermatology.	Elaine Fuchs	biologist
occupation	Eustaquio Ylagan (March 29, 1911 -- December 4, 2000) better known as his stage name, Tito Arévalo was a Filipino actor and musician.	Tito Arévalo	actor
occupation	Richard Albert Mohler, Jr. (born October 19, 1959), is an American theologian and the ninth president of the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary in Louisville, Kentucky.	Albert Mohler	theologian
occupation	Wolfgang Hahn (April 30, 1911 -- January 10, 1998) was a German mathematician who worked on special functions, in particular orthogonal polynomials.	Wolfgang Hahn	mathematician
occupation	Patrick W. Welch (July 1, 1965 -- October 16, 2008) was an English painter, illustrator, cartoonist, and art professor who lived in Chicago, Illinois, United States.	Patrick W. Welch	cartoonist
occupation	Gary O'Connor, better known as Gary O', is a Canadian singer-songwriter and the son of Canadian musician Billy O'Connor.	Gary O'	singer
occupation	Amaresh Misra is an Indian writer, author and historian.	Amaresh Misra	author	historian
occupation	Ernests Štālbergs (1883--1958) was a Latvian architect whose works are in the Neoclassical and the functionalistic styles.	Ernests Štālbergs	architect
occupation	Dana Snyman is an award-winning South African journalist, writer and playwright.	Dana Snyman	journalist
occupation	Marianne Mittelholzer, artist name Mascha Mioni (b. April 17, 1941 in Zurich) is a Swiss painter and textile artist.	Mascha Mioni	painter
occupation	Michael S. Engel, FLS (born September 24, 1971) is an American paleontologist and entomologist, notable for contributions to insect evolutionary biology and classification.	Michael S. Engel	paleontologist
occupation	Upon graduation, Neslihan Gökdemir worked as an economic journalist and columnist.	Neslihan Gökdemir	journalist
occupation	Daniele Tirabassi (born August 16, 1986) is a Venezuelan swimmer, who specialized in long-distance freestyle events.	Daniele Tirabassi	swimmer
occupation	Gary Allen Russell III (born February 4, 1993 in Washington D.C.) is an American amateur boxer and the brother of the WBC featherweight champion Gary Russell, Jr..	Gary Allen Russell	boxer
occupation	Cornelia Phillips Spencer (March 20, 1825 - March 11, 1908) was a poet, social historian and journalist in North Carolina, USA, who was instrumental in reopening the University of North Carolina after a five-year shutdown during the Reconstruction era.	Cornelia Phillips Spencer	historian	journalist
occupation	Soozie Tyrell, (born May 4, 1957), formerly known as Soozie Kirschner, is an American violinist and vocalist, most known for her work with Bruce Springsteen in the E Street Band and formerly The Sessions Band.	Soozie Tyrell	violinist
occupation	Borislav Novaković, MSc (Cyrillic: Мр. Борислав Новаковић; born October 21, 1964, in Novi Sad) is a Serbian politician.	Borislav Novaković	politician
occupation	Jyoti Prasad Agarwala (Assamese: জ্যোতিপ্ৰসাদ আগৰৱালা; 1903 - 1951) was a noted Assamese playwright, songwriter, poet, writer and film maker from Assam.	Jyoti Prasad Agarwala	poet
occupation	JoJo Starbuck (born Alicia Starbuck, February 14, 1951, Birmingham, Alabama) is an American figure skater.	JoJo Starbuck	figure skater
occupation	Annibale Lippi (16th century-Rome, after 18 November 1581) was an Italian architect active during the second half of 16th century.	Annibale Lippi	architect
occupation	Terry Brotherstone is a historian based in Scotland.	Terry Brotherstone	historian
occupation	Teemu Sippo was born as a Lutheran, and converted to Roman Catholicism in 1966 while he was in his late teens; four years later he decided to start studying to become a priest.	Teemu Sippo	priest
occupation	Lu Ping (Chinese: 路平; pinyin: Lù Píng; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Lō͘ Pêng), born in Kaohsiung in 1953, is a Taiwanese writer who writes under the pen name ``Ping Lu''.	Ping Lu	writer
occupation	Hans von Judenburg was an Austrian painter and sculptor active between 1411 and 1424.	Hans von Judenburg	painter
occupation	Ellis Paul (born Paul Plissey; January 14, 1965) is an American singer-songwriter and folk musician.	Ellis Paul	singer-songwriter
occupation	Andra Medea (born 1953) is an American writer and a project developer and theorist on issues of conflict and violence, specifically crisis prevention.	Andra Medea	writer
occupation	Harry L. Watson is an American historian of the antebellum American South, Jacksonian America, and the history of North Carolina.	Harry L. Watson	historian
occupation	Harry Wild Jones (June 9, 1859 -- September 25, 1935) was a popular Minneapolis, Minnesota-based architect who designed throughout the country and the world.	Harry Wild Jones	architect
occupation	Lisa Peters is a Welsh curler who represented Wales in the 2008, 2009 World Mixed Doubles Curling Championships, the 2009 European Curling Championships, and the 2010 European Curling Championships.	Lisa Peters	curler
occupation	José María Yazpik (born November 13, 1970) is a Mexican film, voice and television actor.	José María Yazpik	actor
occupation	Humberto Costa (born July 7, 1957) is a Brazilian medical doctor and politician.	Humberto Costa	politician
occupation	Carlos Alberto Ficicchia Gigliotti (born March 27, 1963), known by his stage name Charly Alberti, is an Argentine rock musician, best known as the drummer of the influential Argentine rock band Soda Stereo.	Charly Alberti	musician
occupation	Deuter (born Georg Deuter, 1945) is a German new age instrumentalist and recording artist known for his meditative style that blends Eastern and Western musical styles.	Deuter	artist
occupation	John Clopton (died 1424), of Gloucester, was an English politician.	John Clopton (died 1424)	politician
occupation	Louise Taylor is an American folk singer-songwriter from Brattleboro, Vermont.	Louise Taylor	singer
occupation	Laurie Ward was a rugby league player in the Australian New South Wales Rugby League (NSWRL) competition in the 1930s, a state and national representative full-back.	Laurie Ward	rugby league player
occupation	August Heckscher II (September 16, 1913 -- April 5, 1997) was an American public intellectual and author whose work explored the American liberalism of political leaders including Woodrow Wilson.	August Heckscher II	author
occupation	Reggie Knighton is a singer, songwriter and lead guitarist from Biloxi, Mississippi who relocated to Los Angeles, California at an early age and grew up there.	Reggie Knighton	singer, songwriter	guitarist
occupation	Eli Lake (born July 9, 1972 in Philadelphia ), is an American journalist and the former senior national security correspondent for The Daily Beast and Newsweek.	Eli Lake	journalist
occupation	Adomas Galdikas (October 18, 1893 Giršinai village, near Mosėdis -- December 7, 1969 New York) was a Lithuanian painter, graphic artist, scenographer.	Adomas Galdikas	painter	scenographer
occupation	Kim Choong-soo (Hangul: 김중수; hanja: 金仲秀; born June 6, 1947) is a South Korean economist and politician who was Governor of the Bank of Korea from April 2010 until March 2014.	Kim Choong-soo	economist
occupation	Ali Al Shargawi (Arabic: علي الشرقاوي‎) is a leading Bahraini poet, lyricist and playwright whose work has been translated into English, German, Bulgarian, Russian, Kurdish, and French.	Ali Al Shargawi	playwright
occupation	The credit of Phylarchus as an historian is vehemently attacked by Polybius, who charges him with falsifying history through his partiality to Cleomenes III, king of Sparta, and his hatred against Aratus and the Achaeans.	Phylarchus	historian
occupation	Ken Scholes (born January 13, 1968) is a science fiction and fantasy writer living in St. Helens, Oregon.	Ken Scholes	writer
occupation	Stuart Littlemore QC is an Australian barrister and former journalist and television presenter.	Stuart Littlemore	journalist
occupation	Joey Forman (November 18, 1929 -- December 9, 1982) was an American comedian and comic actor.	Joey Forman	actor
occupation	Cassandra Lynn Hensley (née Jensen, previously D'Elia, August 15, 1979 -- January 15, 2014) was an American model and is Playboy's Playmate of the Month for February 2006.	Cassandra Lynn	model	Playboy's Playmate
occupation	Ilya Bolotowsky (July 1, 1907 -- November 22, 1981) was a leading early 20th-century painter in abstract styles in New York City.	Ilya Bolotowsky	painter
occupation	Angelo Heilprin (March 31, 1853 -- July 17, 1907) was an American geologist, paleontologist, naturalist, and explorer.	Angelo Heilprin	paleontologist	naturalist	explorer
occupation	Domenico Buratti (November 21, 1881 -- May 24, 1960) was an Italian painter, poet and illustrator.	Domenico Buratti	poet
occupation	Martin Suchánek is a film director, photographer and screenwriter.	Martin Suchánek	film director	photographer
occupation	Brad Handler (born July 19, 1967) is an American entrepreneur and attorney best known for his success in the destination club industry and his role as the first in-house attorney at eBay .	Brad Handler	entrepreneur
occupation	The Untz ranked Page #3 on their list of ``Top 10 Female EDM Artists'' quoting: ``Most people associate the name Mimi Page with her illustrious collection of vocal features for artists like Seven Lions, Bassnectar, and Kezwik, but there is so much more to the young singer than meets the eye.	Mimi Page	singer
occupation	Ian Bliss is an Australian actor, best known for his role as Bane in The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Revolutions, for which he was chosen by the Wachowskis because of his accurate impersonation of Hugo Weaving (Agent Smith), and also his partial resemblance to Weaving.	Ian Bliss	actor
occupation	Nowell Rhys Fulber is a Canadian electronic musician and producer.	Rhys Fulber	musician
occupation	Jennifer Brien is a talk radio host based in Providence, Rhode Island.	Jennifer Brien	radio host
occupation	J. Yancey McGill (born September 18, 1952) is an American politician who served as the 90th Lieutenant Governor of South Carolina from June 2014 to January 2015.	Yancey McGill	politician
occupation	Hakan Haslaman (August 27, 1974) is a Turkish Stuntman, who also works as director and film producer.	Hakan Haslaman	film producer
occupation	Walter Walford Johnson (April 16, 1904 -- March 23, 1987) was a United States businessman and Democratic politician who served as the 32nd Governor of the State of Colorado from 1950 to 1951.	Walter Walford Johnson	politician
occupation	Mercy Dee Walton (August 3, 1915 -- December 2, 1962) was an American jump blues pianist, singer and songwriter, whose compositions went from blues to R&B numbers.	Mercy Dee Walton	singer
occupation	Mali Finn (March 8, 1938 -- November 28, 2007), born Mary Alice Mann, was an American casting director and former English and drama teacher.	Mali Finn	casting director
occupation	Mun Jun (Korean: 문준, Hanja: 文俊, born 14 July 1982) is a South Korean speed skater.	Mun Jun	speed skater
occupation	Mohd Ikhmil Fawedz Mohd Hanif (born 21 November 1974) is a Malaysian solo longest-distance swimmer, from Gombak, Selangor.	Mohd Ikhmil Fawedz Mohd Hanif	swimmer
occupation	Henry Adamson (1581--1637), was a Scottish poet and historian.	Henry Adamson	poet	historian
occupation	Tong Cheong was a Chinese photographer who operated in Yokohama, Japan in the 19th century.	Tong Cheong	photographer
occupation	Vasily Shcherbakov (Russian: Василий Фёдорович Щербаков, Vasily Fyodorovitch Shcherbakov; Born June 19, 1969) is a Russian pianist, professor and composer.	Vasily Shcherbakov	composer
occupation	Wacław Rzewuski (1705--1779) was a Polish drama writer and poet as well as a military commander and a Grand Crown Hetman.	Wacław Rzewuski	poet
occupation	Xul Solar was the adopted name of Oscar Agustín Alejandro Schulz Solari (born December 14, 1887 -- April 9, 1963), Argentine painter, sculptor, writer, and inventor of imaginary languages.	Xul Solar	painter
occupation	Vice started out as a singer, then as a stand-up comedian for Punchline and The Library, whose owner Andrew de Real gave him the stage name ``Vice Ganda''.	Vice Ganda	comedian
occupation	Randy Van Horne (February 10, 1924 -- September 26, 2007) was an American singer and musician.	Randy Van Horne	musician
occupation	Johan Vestly (November 24, 1923 - November 28, 1993) was a Norwegian illustrator, artist and film producer.	Johan Vestly	illustrator
occupation	Dionne Brand (born January 7, 1953) is a Canadian poet, novelist, essayist and documentarian.	Dionne Brand	poet	novelist
occupation	Rob Sheffield (born February 2, 1966) is an American music journalist and author.	Rob Sheffield	journalist
occupation	John Randal Kleiser (born July 20, 1946) is an American film director and producer, perhaps best known for directing the 1978 musical romantic comedy film Grease.	Randal Kleiser	film director
occupation	Don Scardino (born February 17, 1948) is an American television director and producer and a former actor.	Don Scardino	actor
occupation	Bill Quirk (William J. Quirk) is an American politician currently serving in the California State Assembly.	Bill Quirk	politician
occupation	Graziella Fontana is a Genoese Italian fashion designer who was active in the London Mod fashion scene in the 1960s and early 1970s.	Graziella Fontana	fashion designer
occupation	Michelle DiBucci is a composer who writes scores for opera, theater, dance, film and TV.	Michelle DiBucci	composer
occupation	Todd Tamanend Clark (born Todd Clark; August 10, 1952) is an American singer-songwriter, musician, composer, author and poet.	Todd Tamanend Clark	singer-songwriter	composer
occupation	David Glen Eisley (born September 5, 1952) is an American rock singer and actor.	David Glen Eisley	actor
occupation	Anne Feeney (born July 1, 1951) is a political activist, folk musician and singer-songwriter.	Anne Feeney	singer-songwriter
occupation	Ester Goldfeld (born July 4, 1993) is a junior American tennis player.	Ester Goldfeld	tennis player
occupation	John B. Cox is a British-born ornithologist, who emigrated to Australia in 1968.	John B. Cox	ornithologist
occupation	Kathryn Lasky (born June 24, 1944) is an American children's writer who also writes for adults under the names Kathryn Lasky Knight and E. L. Swann.	Kathryn Lasky	writer
occupation	Adam Blackstone (born December 4, 1982 in Trenton, NJ) is a multi-instrumentalist, songwriter, producer, and bassist.	Adam Blackstone	songwriter
occupation	Carl Hunstein (1843 -- March 13, 1888) was a German ornithologist and plant collector.	Carl Hunstein	ornithologist
occupation	Wynn was born in Hartford, Alabama, the son of Blanche Wynn and Early Wynn Sr., an automobile mechanic and former semipro baseball player.	Early Wynn	baseball player
occupation	Abram Poindexter Maury (December 26, 1801 -- July 22, 1848) was an American politician, who represented Tennessee's eighth district in the United States House of Representatives.	Abram Poindexter Maury	politician
occupation	John van den Broek (?1895 - June 29, 1918) was a Dutch born cinematographer.	John van den Broek	cinematographer
occupation	Dr. George Simkins, Jr., (August 23, 1924 -- November 21, 2001) was a dentist, community leader in Greensboro, North Carolina, and civil rights activist.	George Simkins, Jr.	dentist
occupation	Eugie Foster (December 30, 1971 -- September 27, 2014) was an American short story writer, columnist, and editor.	Eugie Foster	writer
occupation	Yves Castaldi (born April 10, 1952) is a French fashion designer and entrepreneur.	Yves Castaldi	fashion designer
occupation	Andrei Pakin (Russian: Андрей Пакин; born January 3, 1978) is a Kyrgyz former swimmer, who specialized in middle-distance freestyle and in individual medley events.	Andrei Pakin	swimmer
occupation	Pekka Paavola (born August 3, 1933 in Tampere) is a Finnish politician, Minister of Justice in the 1972 cabinet, and a convicted criminal in multiple cases.	Pekka Paavola	politician
occupation	Laleh Khadivi (born Esfahan, Iran) is an Iranian American novelist, and filmmaker.	Laleh Khadivi	novelist
occupation	László B. Nagy (born February 9, 1958) is a Hungarian politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) since 2010.	László B. Nagy	politician
occupation	Tomás de Torres was a Portuguese teacher of King John III of Portugal, an astrologer and an eminent doctor during the early 16th century in Portugal.	Tomás de Torres	astrologer
occupation	Shais Taub is an American Hasidic rabbi and author.	Shais Taub	rabbi
occupation	Krishan Pal Gurjar is an Indian politician and a member of parliament in the 16th Lok Sabha representing the Fariabad constituency in the state of Haryana.	Krishan Pal Gurjar	politician
occupation	Nicolas Millot (d. 1590 or later) was a French composer of the late Renaissance, mainly of chansons.	Nicolas Millot	composer
occupation	Cristina Fontanelli (born in Brooklyn, New York) is an American actress and opera singer who has performed in Tokyo, Paris, Milan, Cairo, Dubai, Hong Kong, Istanbul and Uganda.	Cristina Fontanelli	opera singer
occupation	Mario Polanco is a Guatemalan human rights activist.	Mario Polanco	human rights activist
occupation	Pieranna Garavaso is an analytic philosopher at the University of Minnesota Morris.	Pieranna Garavaso	philosopher
occupation	Thomas F. Siems is senior economist and policy advisor at the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas.	Thomas F. Siems	economist
occupation	Joan Silber is an American novelist and short story writer.	Joan Silber	novelist
occupation	Grant Bond is a comic book artist, writer and award-winning editorial cartoonist living in Kansas City, Kansas.	Grant Bond	artist	writer
occupation	Predrag Matvejević (born 1932) is a Bosnian Croat writer known for his writing as well as for his political activism.	Predrag Matvejević	writer
occupation	Professor Michael Cowley is an Australian physiologist.	Michael Cowley	physiologist
occupation	John Willis Menard (April 3, 1838 -- October 8, 1893) was a federal government employee, poet, newspaper publisher and politician born in Illinois to parents who were Louisiana Creoles from New Orleans.	John Willis Menard	politician
occupation	Rich Clarkson (born August 11, 1932) is a Denver, Colorado based photographer that has a long history covering American sports.	Rich Clarkson	photographer
occupation	Conde's eldest son, Jun Urbano (aka Manuel Conde, Jr.), became himself a film director, actor, producer and writer.	Manuel Conde	film director
occupation	Carlos Núñez Muñoz (born 1971) is a Galician musician and multi-instrumentalist who plays the gaita, the traditional Galician bagpipe, Galician flute, ocarina, Irish flute, whistle and low whistle.	Carlos Núñez Muñoz	musician
occupation	Çağatay Ulusoy (born September 23, 1990) is a Turkish model and actor known for his leading roles as Emir Sarrafoğlu in the Show TV series Adını Feriha Koydum (2011--2012) and Yaman Koper in the Star TV series Medcezir (2013--2015), a remake of the television series The OC.	Çağatay Ulusoy	actor
occupation	Hiroaki Serizawa (芹澤廣明 Serizawa Hiroaki January 3, 1948 - ) is a Japanese singer and songwriter.	Hiroaki Serizawa	singer
occupation	Leah Daniels (born December 25, 1987) is a Canadian country music singer and songwriter.	Leah Daniels	singer and songwriter
occupation	Anders Been, (floruit 1709), was a Norwegian painter and court dwarf in service of the Swedish queen dowager Hedwig Eleonora of Holstein-Gottorp.	Anders Been	painter
occupation	Vinnie Barrett (born Gwendolyn H. Woolfolk) is an American songwriter and musician, from Washington, DC.	Vinnie Barrett	songwriter
occupation	Michelle Galdenzi (born January 2, 1987) is an American model and reality television actress.	Michelle Galdenzi	model
occupation	Lenny Cooper (born 1988 in Jacksonville, North Carolina) is an American country rap singer-songwriter.	Lenny Cooper	singer-songwriter
occupation	Raful Neal (June 6, 1936 -- September 1, 2004) was an American, Louisiana blues singer, harmonicist and songwriter.	Raful Neal	singer
occupation	Imratul Najwa Binti Abdul Latif (born May 23, 1995), better known as Najwa Latif, is a Malaysian singer and teen idol.	Najwa Latif	singer
occupation	Louie Cruz Beltran (born in Bakersfield, California) is a well-known Mexican American Latin jazz musician.	Louie Cruz Beltran	musician
occupation	Juraj Faith is a Slovak professional ice hockey player who is currently playing in the Slovak Extraliga.	Juraj Faith	ice hockey player
occupation	Sir Thomas Ragland (fl.1563), of Carnllwyd, Glamorganshire, Wales and Roughton Holme, Norfolk and Walworth, Surrey, England, was a politician.	Thomas Ragland	politician
occupation	Ekrem Bora, better known as Eko Fresh and or Elektro Eko, is a German rapper of Turkish descent.	Eko Fresh	rapper
occupation	Fred J. Boyd was an Australian pharmacist, qualified accountant and Radiographer, and the founding president of The Society of Hospital Pharmacists of Australia.	Fred J. Boyd	pharmacist	accountant
occupation	Rached Merdassi (Arabic: رشيد المرداسي) is a Tunisian boxer who has won the Africa Games 2007 at welterweight	Rached Merdassi	boxer
occupation	Joseph-Hyacinthe Bellerose (July 12, 1820 -- August 13, 1899) was a Canadian militiaman and politician.	Joseph-Hyacinthe Bellerose	politician
occupation	Betsy Cook is an American-born singer, songwriter and musician.	Betsy Cook	singer, songwriter
occupation	Israel Baker (February 11, 1919 -- December 25, 2011) was an American violinist and concertmaster.	Israel Baker	violinist
occupation	Peter De Vries (February 27, 1910 -- September 28, 1993) was an American editor and novelist known for his satiric wit.	Peter De Vries	novelist
occupation	Ivan O'Neal is a Vincentian politician and leader of the Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Green Party (SVG Green Party).	Ivan O'Neal	politician
occupation	Roy Bin Wong (simplified Chinese: 王国斌; traditional Chinese: 王國斌; pinyin: Wáng Guóbīn; born 1949) is a Chinese Economic historian at UCLA.	Roy Bin Wong	historian
occupation	Daniel Burkett is a Canadian racing driver who currently competes in the Pro Mazda Championship.	Daniel Burkett	racing driver
occupation	Mitch Leigh (born Irwin Michnick; January 30, 1928 -- March 16, 2014) was an American musical theatre composer and theatrical producer best known for the musical Man of La Mancha.	Mitch Leigh	composer
occupation	Kenny Sanders is an American former college basketball player for George Mason University.	Kenny Sanders	basketball player
occupation	Yair Nitzani (Hebrew: יָאִיר נִיצָּנִי; born August 22, 1958) is an Israeli musician, songwriter, TV host and comedian.	Yair Nitzani	musician	songwriter
occupation	Sulpicius Severus (/sʌlˈpɪʃəs ˈsɛvərəs/; c. 363 -- c. 425) was a Christian writer and native of Aquitania.	Sulpicius Severus	writer
occupation	Deepa Miriam (Malayalam: ദീപ മിറിയം, Tamil: தீபா மிரியம்) (born April 1981) is an Indian playback singer of South Indian movies.	Deepa Miriam	singer
occupation	Gil Simkovitch (born January 13, 1982) is an Israeli Olympic sport shooter.	Gil Simkovitch	sport shooter
occupation	Richard Bott (May 30, 1900 in Bideford, Devonshire, England -- May 19, 1980 in Watford, Hertfordshire, England) was a British skeleton racer who competed in the late 1940s.	Richard Bott	skeleton racer
occupation	Jolene Campbell (born Jolene McIvor on August 12, 1981 in Saskatoon) is a Canadian curler from Regina, Saskatchewan.	Jolene Campbell	curler
occupation	Todd Gitlin (born 1943) is an American sociologist, political writer, novelist, and cultural commentator.	Todd Gitlin	sociologist
occupation	Dan Wickline (born April 29, 1970 in Norwalk, California) is a published writer and photographer.	Dan Wickline	photographer
occupation	William Schley (December 15, 1786 (some references say December 10) -- November 20, 1858) was an American lawyer, jurist, and politician.	William Schley	politician
occupation	Deborah L. Cook (born February 8, 1952) is a federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit, based in Akron, Ohio.	Deborah L. Cook	judge
occupation	Wesley Oliveira da Silva (Fortaleza, Ceará, September 6, 1988), also known as Wesley Safadão, is a Brazilian singer, songwriter, producer, and businessman.	Wesley Safadão	songwriter
occupation	James Weldon Johnson (June 17, 1871 -- June 26, 1938) was an American author, educator, lawyer, diplomat, songwriter, and civil rights activist.	James Weldon Johnson	songwriter
occupation	Aldo Tagliapietra (born February 20, 1945) is an Italian singer, songwriter and musician best known for his work with the progressive rock band Le Orme.	Aldo Tagliapietra	musician
occupation	Tim Eriksen is an American musician, musicologist, and professor.	Tim Eriksen	musician	musicologist
occupation	Joseph Andre Garcia is a Filipino child actor.	Joseph Andre Garcia	actor
occupation	János Bókai (1822--1884, full name in Hungarian Idősebb Bókai János) was a Hungarian University professor, pediatrician and the director of a children's hospital in Budapest.	János Bókai	pediatrician
occupation	Richard W. Munchkin is an American writer, director, producer, radio host and professional gambler.	Richard W. Munchkin	writer
occupation	Asa Gray (November 18, 1810 -- January 30, 1888) is considered the most important American botanist of the 19th century.	Asa Gray	botanist
occupation	Scott Halberstadt (born August 17, 1976) is an American film and television actor best known for playing Eric in the Nickelodeon live-action sitcom Drake & Josh.	Scott Halberstadt	actor
occupation	Toni Carabillo (1926--1997) was an American feminist, graphic designer, and historian.	Toni Carabillo	feminist	graphic designer	historian
occupation	Gilbert Eisner is an American former épée fencer.	Gilbert Eisner	fencer
occupation	Lauren Braun Costello (born in New York, NY on October 19, 1976) is a chef, author, and culinary personality.	Lauren Braun Costello	chef
occupation	John Rochester Thomas (1848--1901) was an American architect credited in his time with being the nation's most prolific designer of public and semi-public buildings.	John Rochester Thomas	architect
occupation	Dario Mollo is an Italian musician and record producer, perhaps best known for the three ``Cage'' albums he recorded with former Black Sabbath singer Tony Martin and his work with former Deep Purple singer/bassist Glenn Hughes (as Voodoo Hill).	Dario Mollo	record producer
occupation	Monterrio Williams (born August 10, 1978), better known by his stage names Luni Coleone or Lunasicc, is a Garden Blocc Crip rapper who began his musical career on the streets of Sacramento, California.	Luni Coleone	rapper
occupation	Peter Jurasik (born April 25, 1950) is an American actor known for his television roles as Londo Mollari in the 1990s science fiction series Babylon 5 and Sid the Snitch on the 1980s series Hill Street Blues and its short-lived spinoff Beverly Hills Buntz.	Peter Jurasik	actor
occupation	William H. Wickham (July 30, 1832 -- January 13, 1893) was the 81st Mayor of New York City and anti-Ring Democrat who helped to topple corrupt politician Boss Tweed.	William H. Wickham	politician
occupation	Martin Hellberg (also known as Martin Heinrich, January 31, 1905 -- October 31, 1999) was a German actor, director and writer.	Martin Hellberg	actor
occupation	Steven Forness (born May 13, 1939) is a psychologist doing research in the field of emotional disorders in children.	Steven Forness	psychologist
occupation	David Miles Huber is an American composer and producer in the downtempo, ambient and dance genres.	David Miles Huber	composer
occupation	Thaddeus William Harris (November 12, 1795 -- January 16, 1856) was an American entomologist and botanist.	Thaddeus William Harris	entomologist	botanist
occupation	Mark Homer is a British actor of stage, television and film.	Mark Homer	actor
occupation	Peter Himmelman (born November 23, 1959 in St. Louis Park, Minnesota) is an American singer-songwriter and film and television composer from Minnesota, who formerly played in the Minneapolis indie rock band Sussman Lawrence before pursuing an extensive solo career.	Peter Himmelman	singer-songwriter	composer
occupation	Diana Barrows (born January 23, 1966) is an American film and television actress, singer and a dancer.	Diana Barrows	singer
occupation	Tom Vincent (born January 27, 1956) is an American comic book artist and colorist/painter.	Tom Vincent	painter
occupation	Laura Whitcomb (born December 19, 1958) is an American novelist and teacher.	Laura Whitcomb	novelist
occupation	Sameer Khan (born November 11, 1984) is an Indian fashion choreographer, contest trainer, and model.	Sameer Khan	model
occupation	Michael Arad is an Israeli-American architect who is best known for being the designer of the World Trade Center Memorial.	Michael Arad	architect
occupation	Larry Fernandes is an Indian film actor, best known for playing the lead role in the Konkani movie Kazar (2009).	Larry Fernandes	actor
occupation	Abinadi Meza (MX/US) is a contemporary visual artist, sound artist, conceptual artist and filmmaker whose work references spatial and temporal perception, politics, and transformation.	Abinadi Meza	artist	sound artist
occupation	Shawn Higbee (born 1970 in Jamestown, New York) is an American professional motorcycle racer in the AMA Daytona and Superbike Series.	Shawn Higbee	motorcycle racer
occupation	Melvin Mouron Belli (July 29, 1907 -- July 9, 1996) was a prominent American lawyer known as ``The King of Torts'' and by insurance companies as ``Melvin Bellicose''.	Melvin Belli	lawyer
occupation	William Rudolph Smith was a politician in the states of Pennsylvania and Wisconsin.	William Rudolph Smith	politician
occupation	Normski (born Norman Anderson) is a British rapper, DJ, photographer and businessman, known for his work as a BBC television presenter.	Normski	photographer
occupation	Gordon Liu (劉家輝; Lau Ka-fai; pinyin: Liu Jiahui, formerly spelled Liu Chia-hui, birth name Xian Jinxi; born August 22, 1955) is a Chinese martial arts film actor and martial artist.	Gordon Liu	actor
occupation	Etheridge Knight (April 19, 1931 -- March 10, 1991) was an African-American poet who made his name in 1968 with his debut volume, Poems from Prison.	Etheridge Knight	poet
occupation	Dimitrie C. Ollănescu-Ascanio (March 21, 1849--January 20, 1908) was a Wallachian-born Romanian poet, prose writer and playwright.	Dimitrie C. Ollănescu-Ascanio	writer
occupation	Meir Zlotowitz is an Orthodox Jewish rabbi, author, and founder of ArtScroll Publications.	Meir Zlotowitz	rabbi
occupation	Manoella Torres is an American-Mexican singer and actress of Puerto Rican descent based in Mexico who has had an extensive career that continues to this day.	Manoella Torres	singer
occupation	Asher Iyasu (Hebrew: אשר איסו‎, born in Ethiopia) is an Israeli golfer who was the first golfer to win the Caesarea Golf & Country Club's tournament from the Beta Israel community.	Asher Iyasu	golfer
occupation	Edward R. Annis (March 27, 1913 -- September 14, 2009) was a Florida surgeon who served as president of the American Medical Association and as president of the World Medical Association.	Edward R. Annis	surgeon
occupation	Edward Lee Croft (born July 24, 1969 in San Mateo, California) is a professional boxer in the Lightweight division and is the former WBC Continental Americas Super Bantamweight champion.	Edward Lee Croft	boxer
occupation	Soukaina Boukries (Arabic: سكينة بوخريص‎) is a Moroccan singer and actress who rose to popularity as a contestant in both the 9th season of Studio 2M and the 9th season of Star Academy Arab World.	Soukaina Boukries	singer
occupation	Anathon Aall was the grandfather of Norwegian psychologist Lisbeth F.K. Holter Brudal.	Anathon Aall	psychologist
occupation	France Staub (September 29, 1920 -- July 2, 2005) was a Mauritian ornithologist, herpetologist, botanist, and conservationist.	France Staub	ornithologist	herpetologist	botanist
occupation	Shelly Blake-Plock (born October 8, 1974 in Baltimore, Maryland), is an American teacher, musician, writer, and filmmaker.	Shelly Blake-Plock	teacher
occupation	John Ridgely (September 6, 1909 -- January 18, 1968) was an American film character actor with over 175 film credits.	John Ridgely	actor
occupation	Kimon Friar (1911--May 25, 1993) was a Greek-American poet and translator of Greek poetry.	Kimon Friar	poet	translator
occupation	Noureddine Morceli (Arabic: نور الدين مرسلي‎, Nūr ud-Dīn Mursilī; born February 28, 1970) is a retired Algerian middle-distance runner.	Noureddine Morceli	middle-distance runner
occupation	Chuu-Lian Terng (Chinese: 滕楚蓮) is a mathematician.	Chuu-Lian Terng	mathematician
occupation	George Woodcock (/ˈwʊdˌkɑːk/; May 8, 1912 -- January 28, 1995) was a Canadian writer of political biography and history, an anarchist thinker, an essayist and literary critic.	George Woodcock	writer	literary critic
occupation	Luigino Celestino Di Agostino (born December 17, 1967), better known by his stage name Gigi D'Agostino, or Gigi D'Ag is an Italian DJ, remixer and record producer.	Gigi D'Agostino	record producer
occupation	Hans van Steenwinckel the Youngest (1639--1700) was a Danish architect and sculptor, son of Hans van Steenwinckel the Younger and grandson of Hans van Steenwinckel the Elder.	Hans van Steenwinckel the Youngest	architect	sculptor
occupation	David Gogo (born March 18, 1969), is a Canadian blues guitarist, singer-songwriter and bandleader who is currently signed to the independent Cordova Bay Records label.	David Gogo	guitarist
occupation	Mary Griggs Burke (June 20, 1916 -- December 8, 2012) was an American art collector.	Mary Griggs Burke	art collector
occupation	Dr Sofka Zinovieff (born 1961) is a British journalist and author.	Sofka Zinovieff	journalist	author
occupation	Jessica Fisher (born March 12, 1976 in Claremont, California) is an American poet, translator, and critic.	Jessica Fisher	poet	translator
occupation	Keith Mullings (born January 8, 1968 in Manchester Parish, Jamaica), was a professional boxer in the super welterweight (154 lb) division.	Keith Mullings	boxer
occupation	Paul Felder (born April 25, 1984) is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.	Paul Felder	mixed martial artist
occupation	Oscar Penn Fitzgerald (August 24, 1829 -- August 5, 1911) was a Methodist clergyman, journalist and educator.	Oscar Penn Fitzgerald	journalist
occupation	Carpus of Antioch was an ancient Greek mathematician.	Carpus of Antioch	mathematician
occupation	Brendan Guilfoyle (born July 16, 1984 in Kilkenny, Ireland), is rugby league player for the Treaty City Titans in the Irish Elite League.	Brendan Guilfoyle	rugby league player
occupation	Evelyn Dubrow (March 6, 1911, Passaic, New Jersey -- June 20, 2006, Washington, D.C.) was a legendary labour lobbyist for the International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union.	Evelyn Dubrow	lobbyist
occupation	Sara Zaker is a Bangladeshi theater and television actor, director, business entrepreneur and social activist.	Sara Zaker	actor
occupation	Portia Nelson (May 27, 1920 -- March 6, 2001) was an American popular singer, songwriter, actress, and author.	Portia Nelson	singer
occupation	The view from Bulverton Hill, Sidmouth, is thought to have inspired 19th century poet and hymn writer John Keble to compose some of his best loved work, Keble's Seat at Bulverton Hill is named after the English churchman and commands a panoramic view of the Lower Otter Valley and Dartmoor in the distance.	John Keble	writer
occupation	Stojan Steve Tesich (Serbian: Стојан Стив Тешић, Stojan Stiv Tešić; September 29, 1942 -- July 1, 1996) was a Serbian-American screenwriter, playwright and novelist.	Steve Tesich	screenwriter
occupation	Richie Lemos (born Feb 7, 1920 in Los Angeles, California, deceased October 18, 2004) was a Mexican-American boxer in the Featherweight division.	Richie Lemos	boxer
occupation	Russ Marin (May 1, 1934 -- March 6, 2005) was an American film and television actor active from the early 1970s to the early 1990s.	Russ Marin	actor
occupation	Randy Rose (born July 19, 1956) is a retired professional wrestler.	Randy Rose	professional wrestler
occupation	Ghantasala Balaramayya was a producer, director and actor in Telugu cinema.	Ghantasala Balaramayya	actor
occupation	Rebecca Fjelland Davis is an American novelist and children's book author who lives in Minnesota.	Rebecca Fjelland Davis	novelist
occupation	Irving Fein (June 21, 1911 -- August 10, 2012) was an American television and film producer, and the manager of entertainers Jack Benny and George Burns.	Irving Fein	film producer
occupation	Scott Hendricks (born July 26, 1956) is an American record producer who has worked with several country music artists.	Scott Hendricks	record producer
occupation	Jonathan Podwil (born 1966) is an American painter and experimental filmmaker living and working in Brooklyn, New York.	Jonathan Podwil	painter
occupation	Charles Valentine Riley (1843 - 1895) was a British-born American entomologist and artist.	Charles Valentine Riley	entomologist
occupation	Krzysztof Głowacki (born 31 August 1986) is a Polish professional boxer and the current WBO cruiserweight champion.	Krzysztof Głowacki	boxer
occupation	Lew Temple (born October 2, 1967) is an American film actor, perhaps best known for his roles as Locus Fender in the action film, Domino, Cal, the diner manager in the comedy-drama Waitress, and Axel in the third season of The Walking Dead.	Lew Temple	actor
occupation	Dr. Franz Anton Basch (Hungarian: Basch Ferenc Antal) (July 13, 1901 -- April 27, 1946) was a Shwovish Nazi politician, the chairman of Volksbund der Deutschen in Ungarn and the leader of the Shwoveh (Danube Swabian) community in Hungary.	Franz Anton Basch	politician
occupation	John Sackville (died 1619), of Brede and of Sedlescombe, Sussex, was an English politician.	John Sackville (died 1619)	politician
occupation	Dave Meniketti (born December 12, 1953) is the singer, songwriter and lead guitarist for Hard rock/heavy metal band Y&T.	Dave Meniketti	singer
occupation	Peter Sollett (born February 9, 1976) is an American film director and screenwriter known for his feature films Raising Victor Vargas (2002) and Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist (2008).	Peter Sollett	film director	screenwriter
occupation	James S. Harris is a scientist and engineer and fellow of IEEE, American Physical Society and Optical Society of America.	James S. Harris	scientist	engineer
occupation	Joshua Levs, commonly known as Josh Levs, is an American broadcast journalist.	Josh Levs	journalist
occupation	John Sevier (September 23, 1745 -- September 24, 1815) was an American soldier, frontiersman and politician, and one of the founding fathers of the State of Tennessee.	John Sevier	politician
occupation	Jenna Haze (born February 22, 1982) is an American director, model and former pornographic actress.	Jenna Haze	model
occupation	Henry Roquemore or Henry Rocquemore (March 13, 1886 - June 30, 1943) was an American character actor who primarily played bit parts.	Henry Roquemore	actor
occupation	Tory Kittles (born in 1975) is an American actor.	Tory Kittles	actor
occupation	Oroebantius (Ancient Greek: Ὀροιβάντιος) of Troezena, an ancient epic poet, whose poems were said by the Troezenians to be more ancient than those of Homer.	Oroebantius	poet
occupation	Carlos Gallisá Bisbal is a Puerto Rican attorney, politician, and independence movement leader.	Carlos Gallisá	politician
occupation	Paffard Keatinge-Clay (born 1926) is an English-born architect in the modernist tradition who spent most of his professional life in the United States of America, before moving to southern Spain, where he has increasingly focussed on sculpture.	Paffard Keatinge-Clay	architect
occupation	Joey Allcorn (born November 3, 1980) is a country music singer/songwriter known for his own brand of traditional honky-tonk-style country music and writing many of his own songs.	Joey Allcorn	singer
occupation	Jim Provenzano (born December 6, 1961) is an American author, playwright, photographer and currently an editor with the Bay Area Reporter.	Jim Provenzano	photographer
occupation	Ariel Bloomer (born September 6, 1989), known mononymously as Ariel (pronounced R-E-L; born September 6, 1988) is a Swedish-born American singer and songwriter, best known as the lead vocalist for the American rock band Icon for Hire.	Ariel Bloomer	singer	songwriter
occupation	Howard Scott (April 1, 1890 -- January 1, 1970) was an American engineer and founder of the Technocracy movement.	Howard Scott	engineer
occupation	Bruce Nesmith is a game designer who has worked primarily on role-playing games.	Bruce Nesmith	game designer
occupation	Geoff Grant is an American former professional tour tennis player.	Geoff Grant	tennis player
occupation	Mike Mollo (born February 11, 1980 in Oak Lawn, Illinois) is a professional boxer in the heavyweight division, born in the United States.	Mike Mollo	boxer
occupation	Emmanuel Ray is a London-based television presenter and socialite.	Emmanuel Ray	television presenter	socialite
occupation	Ruggero Gabbai, (Wilrijk, 6 August 1964), is an Italian film director, photographer and politician.	Ruggero Gabbai	film director	photographer
occupation	Hakob Zavriev (Armenian: Հակոբ Զավրիև), also known as Yakov Zavriev, was an Armenian politician.	Hakob Zavriev	politician
occupation	Suman Sridhar is an Indian singer-songwriter and actor from Mumbai-New Jersey.	Suman Sridhar	singer
occupation	Kristen May is an American musician, best known as the current lead singer of the rock band Flyleaf.	Kristen May	singer
occupation	Jackie Hill-Perry (née Jackie Hill, born June 21, 1989) is an American poet, writer, and hip hop artist from St. Louis.	Jackie Hill-Perry	poet	writer
occupation	Hope Hibbard (1893--May 12, 1988) was an American biologist, cytologist, and zoologist.	Hope Hibbard	zoologist
occupation	Juris Hartmanis (born July 5, 1928) is a prominent computer scientist and computational theorist who, with Richard E. Stearns, received the 1993 ACM Turing Award ``in recognition of their seminal paper which established the foundations for the field of computational complexity theory''.	Juris Hartmanis	computer scientist
occupation	Cameron Jibril Thomaz (born September 8, 1987), better known by his stage name Wiz Khalifa, is an American recording artist, songwriter and actor.	Wiz Khalifa	actor
occupation	Hussain Dalal is an actor and writer, known for Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani (2013), Greater Elephant (2012) and Bring on the Night (TV series) (2012).	Hussain Dalal	actor
occupation	Charles Insco Williams (December 12, 1853 - February 13, 1923) was an artist and architect in Dayton, Ohio.	Charles Insco Williams	artist	architect
occupation	Vernon Lyman Kellogg (December 1, 1867 in Emporia, Kansas -- August 8, 1937 in Hartford, Connecticut) was a U.S. entomologist, evolutionary biologist, and science administrator.	Vernon Lyman Kellogg	entomologist
occupation	Robert Denn (dates unknown) was an English amateur cricketer who made 11 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1787 to 1793.	Robert Denn	cricketer
occupation	Makkal Pavalar Inkulab (also spelt Inquilab, Inkulab or Ingulab) (Tamil: மக்கள் பாவலர் இன்குலாப்) is a rationalist Tamil poet/writer, activist, and Communist with Marxist Leninist inclination.	Inkulab	writer
occupation	Rob Zombie (born Robert Bartleh Cummings; January 12, 1965) is an American musician, film director, screenwriter and film producer.	Rob Zombie	musician	film director	screenwriter	film producer
occupation	Gabriel Cevallos García (Cuenca, January 6, 1913 - March 16, 2004) was an Ecuadorian writer, historian, professor, and philosopher.	Gabriel Cevallos García	writer
occupation	Wassaf or Vassaf (Persian: عبدالله ابن فضل‌الله شرف‌الدین شیرازی‎) Abdallah ibn Faḍlallah Sharaf al-Din Shīrāzī (fl. 1299-1323) was a 14th-century Persian historian of the Ilkhanate.	Wassaf	historian
occupation	John Wingate Thornton (August 12, 1818--June 6, 1878) was a United States lawyer, historian, antiquarian, book collector and author.	John Wingate Thornton	historian
occupation	Bojan Jovanovski, known as Boki 13 (born 19 August 1986) is a controversial Macedonian disco singer and television personality.	Boki 13	singer
occupation	Magizhini Manimaaran (Tamil: மகிழினி மணிமாறன்) is a playback singer in the Tamil film industry who got a break as a playback singer in the film Kumki.	Magizhini Manimaaran	singer
occupation	Trip Gabriel is an American journalist who has covered politics and national news for The New York Times.	Trip Gabriel	journalist
occupation	Bobby Solo (born Roberto Satti, 18 March 1945) is an Italian singer, musician and film actor.	Bobby Solo	singer
occupation	Captain D'Agoust was an officer of the Swiss Guards, described by Thomas Carlyle in his classic recounting of the French Revolution, as a ``cast-iron'' individual.	Captain D'Agoust	officer
occupation	Sidney Carroll (May 25, 1913 -- November 3, 1988) was a film and television screenwriter.	Sidney Carroll	screenwriter
occupation	Thomas J. Buckley (February 3, 1895 -- September 9, 1964) was an American politician who served as Massachusetts Auditor.	Thomas J. Buckley	politician
occupation	Robert Patton-Spruill is an independent film director, screenwriter, producer, and teacher.	Robert Patton-Spruill	film director
occupation	Shawn Z. Tarrant (born July 30, 1965) is an American politician who represented the 40th legislative district in the Maryland House of Delegates from 2007 to 2015.	Shawn Z. Tarrant	politician
occupation	Linton Sirait (born 1956) is an Indonesian District Court judge in Bali.	Linton Sirait	judge
occupation	Kelly Warman is a British film maker and artist based in London.	Kelly Warman	artist
occupation	Fredrik Stefan Eaton, OC, O.Ont (born June 26, 1938) is a Canadian businessman, diplomat and the great-grandson of Eaton's department store founder Timothy Eaton.	Fredrik Stefan Eaton	diplomat
occupation	Jürgen Dommerich was an East German ski jumper.	Jürgen Dommerich	ski jumper
occupation	Yrjö Ilmari Tapiovaara (September 7, 1914 -- January 31, 1999) was a Finnish designer noted for his furnishings and textiles.	Ilmari Tapiovaara	designer
occupation	Mario Rosemblatt is a Chilean immunologist.	Mario Rosemblatt	immunologist
occupation	Samir Shakir Mahmoud Sumayda'ie (Samir Sumaidaie) is an Iraqi politician and was the Iraqi ambassador to the United States.	Samir Sumaidaie	politician
occupation	Christine Kenneally (born in Melbourne, Australia) is an Australian-American journalist who writes on science, language and culture.	Christine Kenneally	journalist
occupation	Jo Freeman (born August 26, 1945) is an American feminist, political scientist, writer and attorney.	Jo Freeman	political scientist	writer
occupation	Tony Alanis is an American mixed martial artist who has the distinction of having fought on the first World Extreme Cagefighting (WEC) event.	Tony Alanis	mixed martial artist
occupation	Thomas Poynton (born November 25, 1989 in Burton-on-Trent, Staffordshire) is an English cricketer who currently plays for Derbyshire.	Thomas Poynton	cricketer
occupation	William Ben Hogan (August 13, 1912 -- July 25, 1997) was an American professional golfer, generally considered one of the greatest players in the history of the game.	Ben Hogan	golfer
occupation	Khasnor Johan (PhD) is a Malaysian author and historian.	Khasnor Johan	historian
occupation	Dario Gjergja (born August 21, 1975) is a Croatian professional basketball coach who is currently the head coach of BC Oostende.	Dario Gjergja	basketball coach
occupation	Paul Garson (born March 7, 1946) is an American writer and photographer.	Paul Garson	photographer
occupation	Ronnie Scribner (born July 23, 1966) is an American former actor.	Ronnie Scribner	actor
occupation	Mario Debenedictis (born March 28, 1966 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada) is a professional ice hockey player who played for HC Varese, Rouen and Landsberg EV in European leagues.	Mario Debenedictis	ice hockey player
occupation	Ronald W. Schafer (born February 17, 1938 in Tecumseh, Nebraska) is an electrical engineer notable for his contributions to digital signal processing.	Ronald W. Schafer	engineer
occupation	Coleman Mellett (May 27, 1974 -- February 12, 2009) was an American jazz guitarist in Chuck Mangione's band.	Coleman Mellett	guitarist
occupation	Valerie Fox (born 1954) is an executive director, creative director and professional coach.	Valerie Fox	creative director
occupation	William Andre (born August 23, 1931) is an American former modern pentathlete.	William Andre	modern pentathlete
occupation	André Raponda Walker (1871--1968) was a Gabonese author, ethnographer, Catholic priest, and missionary.	André Raponda Walker	missionary
occupation	Randy Stone (August 26, 1958 -- February 12, 2007) was an American actor and casting director, and Academy Award winner.	Randy Stone	actor	casting director
occupation	Ron Cohen is an American television composer and soundtrack writer.	Ron Cohen	composer
occupation	Pippa Evans is a British comedian, known for her work in character and improvisational comedy.	Pippa Evans	comedian
occupation	Wilma Driessen (born Wilhelmina Jacoba Driessen, December 6, 1938) is a Dutch opera singer.	Wilma Driessen	opera singer
occupation	Kent Couch is an American cluster balloonist who drew international interest for his flights across the state of Oregon.	Kent Couch	balloonist
occupation	Matthu Placek is an American-born photographer and artist born on November 19, 1979 in Kittanning, Pennsylvania and raised in Columbus, Ohio.	Matthu Placek	photographer
occupation	Afzal Ahmed Syed (افضال احمد سيد) is a contemporary Urdu poet and translator, known for his mastery of both classical and modern Urdu poetic expression.	Afzal Ahmed Syed	poet
occupation	Noah Adams is an American broadcast journalist and author, known primarily for his more than thirty years of experience on National Public Radio.	Noah Adams	journalist
occupation	Kim Ki-hee (born January 28, 1953) is a South Korean paralympic archer.	Kim Ki-hee	archer
occupation	The Athena Painter was an Attic black-figure vase painter, active about 490 to 460 BC. His speciality were white-ground lekythoi painted in the black-figure style.	Athena Painter	black-figure vase painter
occupation	Janet Gibson is a biologist and zoologist from Belize.	Janet Gibson	biologist
occupation	Mark Pepperday is a British figure skater who currently works as a coach in Switzerland.	Mark Pepperday	figure skater
occupation	Peter Wing (traditional Chinese: 吳榮添; simplified Chinese: 吴荣添; pinyin: Wú Róngtiān; Jyutping: ng4 wing4 tim1), CM, OBC (May 4, 1914 -- December 27, 2007) was a Canadian politician and was the first mayor of Chinese descent in North America.	Peter Wing	politician
occupation	John Tuzo Wilson, CC, OBE, FRS, FRSC, FRSE (October 24, 1908 -- April 15, 1993) was a Canadian geophysicist and geologist who achieved worldwide acclaim for his contributions to the theory of plate tectonics.	John Tuzo Wilson	geophysicist	geologist
occupation	John Quincy Smith (November 5, 1824 -- December 30, 1901) was a farmer, politician and legislator from Ohio, USA.	John Quincy Smith	politician
occupation	Nathaniel Clark Smith (often Major N. Clark Smith; July 31, 1877 -- October 8, 1935) was an important African-American musician, composer, and music educator in the United States during the early decades of the 1900s.	Nathaniel Clark Smith	composer	music educator
occupation	Ger Cornally was an Irish hurler who played as a full-back for the Tipperary senior team.	Ger Cornally	hurler
occupation	Rauf Rashid Abd al-Rahman (born c. 1941) is the replacement chief judge of the Supreme Iraqi Criminal Tribunal's Al-Dujail trial of Saddam Hussein in 2006, when he sentenced Saddam and some of his top aides to death by hanging.	Rauf Rashid Abd al-Rahman	judge
occupation	Edwin A. Fleishman (born March 10, 1927) is an American psychologist best known for his work in the field of industrial and organizational psychology.	Edwin A. Fleishman	psychologist
occupation	Wouter Hamel (born 1977) is a Dutch Pop singer.	Wouter Hamel	singer
occupation	Richard S. Westfall (April 22, 1924 -- August 21, 1996) was an American academic, biographer and historian of science.	Richard S. Westfall	historian
occupation	Waage Sandø (born May 8, 1943) is an acclaimed Danish theatre, film and television actor.	Waage Sandø	actor
original network	The Hallmark Hall of Fame debuted on 24 December 1951 on NBC television with the first opera written specifically for television, Amahl and the Night Visitors, by Gian Carlo Menotti, featuring Chet Allen and Rosemary Kuhlmann.	Hallmark Hall of Fame	NBC
original network	My Family & Other Turkeys with Nigel Marven is one-hour nature documentary premiered 22 December 2013 on Channel 5.	My Family & Other Turkeys with Nigel Marven	Channel 5
original network	Squawk Box Europe (since May 2011, billed on-screen as just Squawk Box) is a television business news programme on CNBC Europe, aired from 7-10am CET (6-9am WET) each weekday.	Squawk Box Europe	CNBC Europe
original network	Star Circle Quest (SCQ) is a reality-based talent competition which premiered on March 1, 2004 locally on ABS-CBN and internationally through The Filipino Channel.	Star Circle Quest	ABS-CBN
original network	De Lama's (translation: The Llamas) is a Dutch television show made by BNN and first aired on 26 June 2004.	De Lama's	BNN
original network	Light Lunch was a Channel 4 lunch-time comedy chatshow broadcast between March 1997 and February 1998.	Light Lunch	Channel 4
original network	The Ad-Libbers is a CBS comedy sketch game show that aired in 1951.	The Ad-Libbers	CBS
original network	Fall of Eagles is a 13-part British television drama aired by the BBC in 1974.	Fall of Eagles	BBC
original network	The Chimp Channel is an American comedy television series which aired on TBS Superstation in 1999.	The Chimp Channel	TBS
original network	Monsters We Met is a documentary produced by the BBC and later aired on Animal Planet in 2003 (under the title, Land of Lost Monsters) but also used footage from Walking with Beasts and Walking with Cavemen both made by BBC.	Monsters We Met	Animal Planet
original network	Billy Connolly's World Tour of England, Ireland and Wales is the third of Scottish comedian Billy Connolly's ``world tours'' commissioned by the BBC.	Billy Connolly's World Tour of England, Ireland and Wales	BBC
original network	Dead Man's Gun was a western anthology series that ran on Showtime from 1997 to 1999.	Dead Man's Gun	Showtime
original network	Jamie and the Magic Torch is a British children's drama animated television series, made by Cosgrove Hall for Thames Television and shown on the ITV network, running from 1976 to 1979.	Jamie and the Magic Torch	ITV
original network	Paranormal Challenge is an American competitive paranormal reality television series that premiered on June 17, 2011, on the Travel Channel.	Paranormal Challenge	Travel Channel
original network	America's Most Smartest Model was an American reality television show that aired on VH1.	America's Most Smartest Model	VH1
original network	Wazzup Wazzup was a comedic-news program which was previously aired on Philippine television network Studio 23.	Wazzup Wazzup	Studio 23
original network	Fat Dog Mendoza is a British animated children's show created by Scott Musgrove, and also the first Cartoon Network European co-production.	Fat Dog Mendoza	Cartoon Network
original network	Almost Naked Animals is a Canadian animated television series that is produced for YTV.	Almost Naked Animals	YTV
original network	Party Line with The Hearty Boys is a Food Network show hosted by real-life couple Dan Smith (b. July 16, 1962) and Steve McDonagh (b. June 14, 1964).	Party Line with The Hearty Boys	Food Network
original network	Your World with Neil Cavuto (written on-air as Your World Cavuto), which debuted as the Cavuto Business Report on the network's launch in 1996, is an American news and business television program appearing on Fox News Channel.	Your World with Neil Cavuto	Fox News Channel
original network	Squidbillies is an American animated television series on Cartoon Network's late night programming block, Adult Swim.	Squidbillies	Adult Swim
original network	John Oliver's New York Stand-Up Show was a stand-up comedy television series that previously aired on Comedy Central in the United States.	John Oliver's New York Stand-Up Show	Comedy Central
original network	Solving History with Olly Steeds is a weekly American documentary adventure reality television series that premiered on January 13, 2010 on the Discovery Channel.	Solving History with Olly Steeds	Discovery Channel
original network	This Is the Law was a Canadian panel game show which aired on CBC Television from 1971 to 1976.	This Is the Law	CBC Television
original network	Criss Cross Quiz was a quiz programme that combined the game noughts and crosses with general knowledge questions and aired on the ITV network from 1957 to 1967.	Criss Cross Quiz	ITV
original network	A co-production of Cuppa Coffee Studios and Teletoon, ``Life's a Zoo.tv'' was named Best Animated Program or Series at the 24th Annual Gemini Awards.	Life's a Zoo	Teletoon
original network	Kay O'Brien is an American television series set at fictional Manhattan General Hospital, which aired for one season on CBS during the 1986-87 television season.	Kay O'Brien	CBS
original network	Wicked Attraction (broadcast in some countries as Couples Who Kill) is a true-crime documentary television series on Investigation Discovery which began airing in the United States in 2008.	Wicked Attraction	Investigation Discovery
original network	Krazy House is a Canadian comedy television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1977.	Krazy House	CBC Television
original network	Cool and the Crazy first aired on the cable television network Showtime in 1994 as part of the series Rebel Highway.	Cool and the Crazy	Showtime
original network	The Dean Martin Celebrity Roast is an NBC television special show hosted by entertainer Dean Martin from 1974 to 1984.	The Dean Martin Celebrity Roast	NBC
original network	Oh Sit! is an hour-long game show competition series that premiered on September 27, 2012, on The CW.	Oh Sit!	The CW
original network	Movie Surfers is a Disney Channel mini that appears in commercial form where teenagers go behind the scenes of Walt Disney related films.	Movie Surfers	Disney Channel
original network	Watercolour Challenge was a daytime television lifestyle game show that was broadcast on Channel 4 from 15 June 1998 to 23 November 2001.	Watercolour Challenge	Channel 4
original network	Elvis and Slick Monty is a television series which aired on NTTV from 2004 to 2006.	Elvis and Slick Monty	NTTV
original network	The Blunders is an animated children's television series co-produced by FilmFair and Central Independent Television, and broadcast on ITV in 1986.	The Blunders	ITV
original network	Hill Street Blues is an American serial police drama that aired on NBC in primetime from 1981-87 for a total of 146 episodes.	Hill Street Blues	NBC
original network	Köstebekgiller (English: Talpidae) is a Turkish children's television series that airs on the TRT Çocuk broadcast channel.	Köstebekgiller	TRT Çocuk
original network	Murphy Brown is an American situation comedy which aired on CBS from November 14, 1988, to May 18, 1998, for a total of 247 episodes.	Murphy Brown	CBS
original network	Young, Dumb and Living Off Mum was an entertainment/reality series airing on BBC Three.	Young, Dumb and Living Off Mum	BBC Three
original network	Enseñame a vivir (Teach me to live) is an Argentine telenovela produced by Pol-ka and broadcast by El Trece from May 12 to December 14, 2009.	Enseñame a vivir	El Trece
original network	Hotel Babylon was a British television drama series based on the book of the same name by Imogen Edwards-Jones, that aired from 19 January 2006 to 14 August 2009, produced by independent production company Carnival Films for BBC One.	Hotel Babylon	BBC One
original network	Hotel GB is a British reality television series broadcast on Channel 4 airing for five consecutive nights in October 2012.	Hotel GB	Channel 4
original network	K.C. Undercover is an American sitcom developed for Disney Channel, created by Corinne Marshall and executive produced by Rob Lotterstein.	K.C. Undercover	Disney Channel
original network	I Love New York 2 was a reality television show on VH1 that starred Tiffany ``New York'' Pollard who was on a quest to find her true love.	I Love New York 2	VH1
original network	Crocodile Shoes II is a British six part television series made by the BBC and screened on BBC One in 1996.	Crocodile Shoes II	BBC One
original network	America's Got Talent (sometimes abbreviated as AGT) is an American reality television series on the NBC television network, and part of the global British Got Talent franchise.	America's Got Talent	NBC
original network	Appointment with Adventure is a half-hour adventure/dramatic anthology television series broadcast live on CBS from 1955--1956.	Appointment with Adventure	CBS
original network	The League is an American sitcom that aired on FX and later FXX from October 29, 2009 to December 9, 2015 for a total of seven seasons.	The League	FX
original network	Amazon Studios offered the first three episodes of Alpha House for free, with each subsequent episode released weekly thereafter for Amazon Prime members on Amazon Video.	Alpha House	Amazon Video
original network	Mighty Magiswords is an American Flash animated online series created by Kyle A. Carrozza (creator of ``MooBeard: The Cow Pirate'' from Nickelodeon's Random! Cartoons) specifically for Cartoon Network Video being the network's first original series specifically for online.	Mighty Magiswords	Cartoon Network
original network	Secret Princes is an American reality television series that premiered on TLC on September 21, 2012.	Secret Princes	TLC
original network	Starved is an FX television situation comedy that aired for one season of seven episodes in 2005.	Starved	FX
original network	Monodrama Theater, also known as Mono-Drama Theatre, was a late night television series which aired on the DuMont Television Network weekdays at 11pm ET from May 1952 to December 1953.	Monodrama Theater	DuMont Television Network
original network	Pirate TV is an American sketch comedy series that aired on MTV.	Pirate TV	MTV
original network	Halloweentown High (also known as Halloweentown III) is a 2004 Disney Channel Original Movie that premiered on Disney Channel on October 8, 2004 for the holiday of Halloween.	Halloweentown High	Disney Channel
original network	Circus of the Stars is an annual television special, broadcast by the CBS network in the United States, in which celebrities performed circus-type acts.	Circus of the Stars	CBS
original network	Caso Cerrado (Case Closed), formerly Sala de Parejas (Couples' Court), is a Spanish-language court show broadcast by Telemundo in which Cuban-born, American-raised lawyer Ana María Polo arbitrates cases for volunteer participants.	Caso Cerrado	Telemundo
original network	The Huntley-Brinkley Report (sometimes known as The Texaco Huntley-Brinkley Report for one of its early sponsors) was NBC's flagship evening news program from October 29, 1956 to July 31, 1970.	Huntley-Brinkley Report	NBC
original network	I Married a Princess is a 2005 reality show on the Lifetime TV network that starred Catherine Oxenberg and her husband Casper Van Dien.	I Married a Princess	Lifetime
original network	Prudential Family Playhouse is an American anthology drama series that aired on live CBS from October 1950 to March 1951.	Prudential Family Playhouse	CBS
original network	Death By Gossip with Wendy Williams is an American documentary television series on Investigation Discovery which premiered on September 4, 2015.	Death By Gossip with Wendy Williams	Investigation Discovery
original network	TripTank is an American animated television series which premiered April 2, 2014 on Comedy Central.	TripTank	Comedy Central
original network	The PBA on KBS was a presentation of Philippine Basketball Association games on Kanlaon Broadcasting System (now the Radio Philippines Network), and was the first broadcaster of the PBA on television.	PBA on KBS	Radio Philippines Network
original network	Entertainment Konek (lit. Entertainment Connect) is a Philippine showbiz-oriented talk show aired on ABS-CBN.	Entertainment Konek	ABS-CBN
original network	50 Grand Slam is a game show from Ralph Andrews Productions that aired on NBC from October 4 to December 31, 1976.	50 Grand Slam	NBC
original network	Club Reps was a factual entertainment programme made for ITV by STV Productions (then known as ``SMG TV Productions'').	Club Reps	ITV
original network	Medical Investigation was an American medical drama television series that began September 9, 2004, on NBC.	Medical Investigation	NBC
original network	The Mystery Maker was a Canadian children's drama television series which aired on CBC Television in 1967.	The Mystery Maker	CBC Television
original network	Idiotsitter is an American comedy sitcom that premiered in the form of a web series on Comedy Central's CC:	Idiotsitter	Comedy Central
original network	NewsRadio is an American television situation comedy that aired on NBC from 1995 to 1999, focusing on the work lives of the staff of an AM news station.	NewsRadio	NBC
original network	The Sports Reporters is a sports talk show that airs on ESPN at 9:30 a.m. ET every Sunday morning (and replayed at 10:30 a.m. ET the same day on ESPN2).	The Sports Reporters	ESPN
original network	Walulis sieht fern (English: Walulis watches TV) is a satirical German television show broadcast on digital television channel EinsPlus.	Walulis sieht fern	EinsPlus
original network	Cúmplices de um Resgate (English: Accomplices to a Rescue) is a Brazilian teen telenovela created by Rosy Ocampo and written by Íris Abravanel, originally broadcast on SBT since August 3, 2015.	Cúmplices de um Resgate	SBT
original network	G String Divas is an American documentary series that aired on HBO.	G String Divas	HBO
original network	Sex with Brody is an American talk show that premiered on July 10, 2015, on E! television network.	Sex with Brody	E
original network	The News Hole with Harry Shearer is a 1994 game show that aired on Comedy Central from October 26 to November 19, 1994.	The News Hole	Comedy Central
original network	The Graham Kennedy Show was an Australian talk show which debuted on 19 September 1972 on the Nine Network.	The Graham Kennedy Show	Nine Network
original network	Decisiones (Spanish pronunciation: (desiˈsjones), Decisions) is a Telemundo-produced Spanish-language television anthology of steamy melodramas about passion and sex in the modern world.	Decisiones	Telemundo
original network	The Biggest Loser (season 2) is the second season of the NBC competitive reality television series entitled The Biggest Loser.	The Biggest Loser (season 2)	NBC
original network	Degrassi Junior High is a Canadian CBC Television teen drama series that was produced from 1987 to 1989 as part of the Degrassi series.	Degrassi Junior High	CBC Television
original network	Spy Groove (also known as SG) was an American animated series that aired for one season on Teletoon in Canada and for six episodes on MTV in the United States.	Spy Groove	MTV
original network	Cutter to Houston is an American medical drama starring Shelley Hack, Jim Metzler, and Alec Baldwin that aired on CBS on Saturday night from October 1 to December 31, 1983 at 8 p.m Eastern time.	Cutter to Houston	CBS
original network	Mr. Romance is a 2005 US tongue-in-cheek reality television show which aired on Oxygen.	Mr. Romance	Oxygen
original network	Snooki & Jwoww (sometimes rendered Snooki & JWOWW in print and online sources) is an American reality television series on MTV starring Nicole ``Snooki'' Polizzi and Jennifer ``JWoww'' Farley.	Snooki & Jwoww	MTV
original network	USA High is an American teen sitcom which ran from August 1997 to June 1999, ended after 95 episodes, and reran until August 4, 2001 on USA Network.	USA High	USA Network
original network	My Family Tree is a Disney Channel short that first aired in November 2010, which is still airing on Disney Channel.	My Family Tree	Disney Channel
original network	Shining Time Station: 'Tis a Gift is the Christmas special of the PBS television series Shining Time Station first broadcast on December 9, 1990.	Shining Time Station: 'Tis a Gift	PBS
original network	Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Challenge USA 2008 is an Indian television singing competition show that has premiered on 20 June 2008 on Zee TV channel.	Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Challenge USA 2008	Zee TV
original network	Spyder Games is a television series that was broadcast on MTV from June 18, 2001, through September 20, 2001.	Spyder Games	MTV
original network	Vivir para amar, is a Venezuelan telenovela produced by Antonio Franco for TVes.	Vivir para amar	TVes
original network	Caro maestro (Dear teacher) is an Italian television comedy series which aired from 1996 to 1997 on Canale 5.	Caro maestro	Canale 5
original network	The Albertans is a Canadian dramatic television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1979.	The Albertans	CBC Television
original network	The Dance Scene is an American reality television series on E! that follows the lives of Laurieann Gibson and her team of professional dancers and choreographers as they live and work in the highly competitive dance and entertainment industry, preparing for variety of performances around the world.	The Dance Scene	E
original network	Cagney & Lacey is an American television series that originally aired on the CBS television network for seven seasons from March 25, 1982 to May 16, 1988.	Cagney & Lacey	CBS
original network	Teen Mom 3 is an American reality television series that premiered on August 26, 2013, on MTV and concluded its run on November 18, 2013.	Teen Mom 3	MTV
original network	Rodzina zastępcza (eng. Foster Family) was a popular Polish primetime comedy series broadcast on Polsat from February 23, 1999 to December 20, 2009.	Rodzina zastępcza	Polsat
original network	City Guys is an American sitcom that aired for five seasons on NBC from September 6, 1997 to December 15, 2001.	City Guys	NBC
original network	Ensign O'Toole is a military comedy that aired on NBC from September 23, 1962, to May 5, 1963, with 31-year-old Dean Jones in the title role of a nonchalant United States Navy ensign during the early 1960s.	Ensign O'Toole	NBC
original network	Collateral Man, originally titled El garante (English: The Guarantor), is an Argentine television horror miniseries originally transmitted in 1997 by Canal 9.	El garante	Canal 9
original network	The Loner is an American western series that ran for less than one season on CBS from 1965 to 1966, under the alternate sponsorship of Philip Morris and Procter & Gamble.	The Loner	CBS
original network	The New Dance Show was a television show in Detroit, Michigan, which ran on WGPR-TV 62 (now a CBS affiliate known as WWJ-TV).	The New Dance Show	WWJ-TV
original network	Rock of Love Bus with Bret Michaels is the third season of Rock of Love with Bret Michaels and was confirmed by VH1's website in a blog on July 16, 2008.	Rock of Love Bus with Bret Michaels	VH1
original network	Jack London's Tales of the Klondike is a Canadian television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1981.	Jack London's Tales of the Klondike	CBC Television
original network	The Adventures of Rupert Bear was a live-action, puppet television series, based on the Mary Tourtel character, Rupert Bear, produced by ATV Network, and aired from 28 October 1969 to 24 August 1977 on the ITV network, with 156 11-minute episodes produced over four series.	The Adventures of Rupert Bear	ITV
original network	Prime Time is a current affairs programme airing on RTÉ One on Monday (22.30) and Tuesday and Thursday nights (following the RTÉ Nine O'Clock News).	Prime Time	RTÉ One
original network	Deadliest Catch is a reality television series produced by Original Productions for the Discovery Channel.	Deadliest Catch	Discovery Channel
original network	Speeders Fight Back is a nontraditional court show on TruTV that began airing in the fall of 2008 and is a spin-off of Speeders.	Speeders Fight Back	TruTV
original network	A Different World is an American television sitcom which aired for six seasons on NBC from September 24, 1987 --	A Different World	NBC
original network	Megan Wants a Millionaire is an American reality television show on VH1 in which former Rock of Love contestant Megan Hauserman has seventeen wealthy single men compete for her love.	Megan Wants a Millionaire	VH1
original network	Körslaget is a Swedish entertainment TV program on TV4.	Körslaget	TV4
original network	Murdered by My Boyfriend is a BAFTA Award-winning one-off fact-based drama first aired on BBC Three in 2014.	Murdered by My Boyfriend	BBC Three
original network	Run of the House is a sitcom on The WB, that aired between September 2003 and May 2004.	Run of the House	The WB
original network	Hymn Sing was a Canadian television series produced in Winnipeg, Manitoba, for CBC Television.	Hymn Sing	CBC Television
original network	Miami Ink is an American reality show on TLC that follows the events that took place at a tattoo shop in Miami Beach, Florida.	Miami Ink	TLC
original network	Next Action Star is an American reality television program shown on NBC from June to July 2004.	Next Action Star	NBC
original network	The Hunt with John Walsh is an investigation/documentary series that debuted on CNN on July 13, 2014.	The Hunt with John Walsh	CNN
original network	The first season of sixteen black-and-white and colored episodes aired on NBC between January 12, 1958 and December 21, 1958 as Shirley Temple's Storybook.	Shirley Temple's Storybook	NBC
original network	The Katie & Peter franchise is a series of ITV2 shows that documented glamour model Katie Price and her former husband Peter Andre.	Katie & Peter	ITV2
original network	Day To Remember is a British Christmas television play first transmitted 9.45pm Sunday 21 December 1986 on Channel 4 from Television South Production in association with the Theatre of Comedy Entertainment.	Day To Remember	Channel 4
original network	The Money Machine was a show on ZDTV, and later TechTV, hosted by Carmine Gallo.	The Money Machine	TechTV
original network	Hem till Midgård (``Home to Midgard'') is a Swedish sit-com which ran on TV4 in Sweden during 2003.	Hem till Midgård	TV4
original network	High Tower was the 2014 edition of Sveriges Radio's Christmas Calendar.	High Tower	Sveriges Radio
original network	Banyon is a detective series broadcast in the United States by NBC as part of its 1972-73 television schedule, though a standalone two-hour television movie was broadcast first in March 1971.	Banyon	NBC
original network	Jack Holborn was a 1982 ZDF Adventure TV mini-series.	Jack Holborn	ZDF
original network	Jackassworld.com: 24 Hour Takeover was a 24-hour live TV special featuring many stars of the MTV show and movie franchise Jackass from February 23--24, 2008.	Jackassworld.com: 24 Hour Takeover	MTV
original network	Let's Go to the Museum was a Canadian children's television series which aired on CBC Television from 1954 to 1956.	Let's Go to the Museum	CBC Television
original network	Commonwealth Televiews was a Canadian documentary television series which aired on CBC Television from 1957 to 1958.	Commonwealth Televiews	CBC Television
parent taxon	Polygrapha is a Neotropical nymphalid butterfly genus in the subfamily Charaxinae.	Polygrapha	Charaxinae
parent taxon	Lipoptena is a genus of Hippoboscidae, known as louse flies or keds.	Lipoptena	Hippoboscidae
parent taxon	Calandrella is a genus of lark in the Alaudidae family.	Calandrella	lark
parent taxon	The Clear Creek gambusia (Gambusia heterochir) is a species of fish in the Poeciliidae family endemic to the United States, particularly Menard County, Texas.	Clear Creek gambusia	Gambusia
parent taxon	The Sphecinae is a subfamily of the digger wasp family Sphecidae.	Sphecinae	Sphecidae
parent taxon	Pegoplata, sometimes known as Nupedia, is a genus of flies within the family Anthomyiidae.	Pegoplata	Anthomyiidae
parent taxon	Caprella is a large genus of skeleton shrimps belonging to the subfamily Caprellinae of the family Caprellidae.	Caprella	Caprellidae
parent taxon	The Valley Carpenter Bee, Xylocopa varipuncta, is one of three species of carpenter bee found from western New Mexico to southern California.	Xylocopa varipuncta	carpenter bee
parent taxon	The Isla De La Juventud tree hutia or southern hutia (Mysateles meridionalis) is a species of rodent in the family Capromyidae.	Isla De La Juventud tree hutia	Mysateles
parent taxon	Turanovia incompleta is an extinct species of earwigs, in the genus Turanovia, the family Protodiplatyidae, the suborder Archidermaptera, and the order Dermaptera.	Turanovia incompleta	Protodiplatyidae
parent taxon	Cynognathus is an extinct genus of large-bodied cynodont therapsid that lived in the Early and Middle Triassic.	Cynognathus	cynodont
parent taxon	Pearcea is a South American genus of 17 species of tropical herbs in the flowering plant family Gesneriaceae.	Pearcea	Gesneriaceae
parent taxon	Crawfordina is a genus of medium-sized sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cancellariidae, the nutmeg snails.	Crawfordina	Cancellariidae
parent taxon	Pseudepidalea is a genus of toads in the family Bufonidae, the true toads.	Pseudepidalea	Bufonidae
parent taxon	The Sonora chub (Gila ditaenia) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Sonora chub	Gila
parent taxon	Labenopimplinae are an extinct subfamily of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae.	Labenopimplinae	Ichneumonidae
parent taxon	Comactinia is a genus of crinoids, characteristically with 10 arms, belonging to the family Comasteridae.	Comactinia	Comasteridae
parent taxon	Perrottetia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Dipentodontaceae described as a family in 1824.	Perrottetia	Dipentodontaceae
parent taxon	The family Campanulaceae (also bellflower family), of the order Asterales, contains nearly 2400 species in 84 genera of herbaceous plants, shrubs, and rarely small trees, often with milky non-toxic sap.	Campanulaceae	Asterales
parent taxon	Equisetum (/ˌɛkwᵻˈsiːtəm/; horsetail, snake grass, puzzlegrass) is the only living genus in Equisetaceae, a family of vascular plants that reproduce by spores rather than seeds.	Equisetum	Equisetaceae
parent taxon	Sparnodus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish in the family Sparidae.	Sparnodus	Sparidae
parent taxon	Kloss's squirrel or Kloss squirrel (Callosciurus albescens) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	Kloss's squirrel	Callosciurus
parent taxon	Eupolypods II is a clade of ferns in the order Polypodiales, under the class Polypodiopsida.	Eupolypods II	Polypodiales
parent taxon	The Skomer vole (Myodes glareolus skomerensis) is a subspecies of bank vole endemic to the island of Skomer, off the west coast of Wales.	Skomer vole	bank vole
parent taxon	The Indian vulture (Gyps indicus) is an Old World vulture and is closely related to the griffon vulture, G. fulvus.	Indian vulture	Gyps
parent taxon	Clytopsis dimidiaticornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Clytopsis.	Clytopsis	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Halotthia is a genus of fungi in the family Zopfiaceae; according to the 2007 Outline of Ascomycota, the placement in this family is uncertain.	Halotthia	Zopfiaceae
parent taxon	Zenostephanus is true ammonite genus from the lower part of the Upper Jurassic of eastern England and Scotland belonging to the ammonitid family, Perisphinctidae.	Zenostephanus	Perisphinctidae
parent taxon	Tropaeolum speciosum (common names flame flower and flame nasturtium) is a species of flowering plant in the family Tropaeolaceae native to Chile, where it is known locally as coralito, quintralito, or voqui.	Tropaeolum speciosum	nasturtium
parent taxon	Vitagonum apterum is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Vitagonum.	Vitagonum	Carabidae
parent taxon	Allison's anole (Anolis allisoni), also known as the blue-headed anole, is a species of anole.	Allison's anole	Anolis
parent taxon	Cyanopica is a genus of magpie in the family Corvidae.	Cyanopica	Corvidae
parent taxon	The São Paulo tyrannulet (Phylloscartes paulista) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.	São Paulo tyrannulet	Phylloscartes
parent taxon	Cimolodontidae is a family of fossil mammals within the extinct order Multituberculata.	Cimolodontidae	Multituberculata
parent taxon	The Hunter Island penguin (Tasidyptes hunteri) is an extinct penguin, subfossil remains of which were found in a Holocene Aboriginal midden at Stockyard Site on Hunter Island, in Bass Strait 5 km off the western end of the north coast of Tasmania, Australia.	Hunter Island penguin	Tasidyptes
parent taxon	Russalpia is a genus of Orthoptera which belongs to the Acrididae family.	Russalpia	Acrididae
parent taxon	Pellacalyx is a genus of trees in the family Rhizophoraceae.	Pellacalyx	Rhizophoraceae
parent taxon	Vaccinioideae is a flowering-plant subfamily in the family Ericaceae.	Vaccinioideae	Ericaceae
parent taxon	Poss's scorpionfish, Scorpaenopsis possi, is a scorpionfish from the Indo-Pacific.	Poss's scorpionfish	Scorpaenopsis
parent taxon	Chaetogenys straneoi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Chaetogenys.	Chaetogenys	Carabidae
parent taxon	Arcticodactylus is a genus of basal pterosaur living during the Late Triassic in the area of present Greenland.	Arcticodactylus	pterosaur
parent taxon	Fungia is a genus of mushroom, disc or plate corals in the family Fungiidae.	Fungia	Fungiidae
parent taxon	The Cossinae are the nominate subfamily of the Cossidae (carpenter or goat moths).	Cossinae	Cossidae
parent taxon	Brumback's night monkey (Aotus brumbacki) is a species of night monkey found in Colombia.	Brumback's night monkey	Aotus
parent taxon	Myrmeocorus allodapus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Myrmeocorus.	Myrmeocorus	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Gundlach's hawk (Accipiter gundlachi) is a species of bird of prey in the Accipitridae family.	Gundlach's hawk	Accipiter
parent taxon	Mazapilitinae is a subfamily of Upper Jurassic ammonites included in the Oppeliidae.	Mazapilitinae	Oppeliidae
parent taxon	Oxycheilopsis cretacicus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Oxycheilopsis.	Oxycheilopsis	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Bornean whistler (Pachycephala hypoxantha) is a species of bird in the Pachycephalidae family.	Bornean whistler	Pachycephala
parent taxon	Baliochila is a genus of butterfly, commonly called buffs, in the family Lycaenidae.	Baliochila	Lycaenidae
parent taxon	Hume's hawk-owl (Ninox obscura) is a species of owl in the family Strigidae.	Hume's hawk-owl	Ninox
parent taxon	The Viti Levu snipe (Coenocorypha miratropica) was a species of austral snipe endemic to Fiji.	Viti Levu snipe	Coenocorypha
parent taxon	Desmarestiaceae is a family of brown algae, one of two families in the order Desmarestiales.	Desmarestiaceae	Desmarestiales
parent taxon	Aliptina acheronae is a species of very small sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cerithiopsidae, and the only species in the genus Aliptina.	Aliptina acheronae	Cerithiopsidae
parent taxon	Brilliant rasbora (Rasbora einthovenii) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Rasbora.	Brilliant rasbora	Rasbora
parent taxon	The Ward's flycatcher (Pseudobias wardi), also known as Ward's flycatcher-vanga is a species of bird in the Vangidae family.	Ward's flycatcher	Pseudobias
parent taxon	Ciliopagurus is a genus of hermit crabs, of the family Diogenidae, which are sometimes referred to as the ``left-handed hermit crabs'', because in contrast to most other hermit crabs, the left chela (claw) is enlarged instead of the right.	Ciliopagurus	Diogenidae
parent taxon	The Indian hairy-footed gerbil, Gerbillus gleadowi, is a species of gerbil found mainly in Pakistan and northwestern India, They inhabit dry, sandy, and rocky country with sparse vegetation.	Indian hairy-footed gerbil	Gerbillus
parent taxon	Phascolonus was a genus of prehistoric Australian marsupials in the wombat family.	Phascolonus	wombat
parent taxon	Solenomelus is a genus of South American (Argentina + Chile) species of flowering plants in the family Iridaceae.	Solenomelus	Iridaceae
parent taxon	The Val's gundi (Ctenodactylus vali) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenodactylidae.	Val's gundi	Ctenodactylus
parent taxon	Camaenidae is a family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Helicoidea, the typical snails and their allies.	Camaenidae	Helicoidea
parent taxon	Nannocampus elegans J. L. B. Smith, 1953 (elegant pipefish) Nannocampus lindemanensis (Whitley, 1948) (painted pipefish) Nannocampus pictus (Duncker, 1915) (reef pipefish) Nannocampus subosseus Günther, 1870 (bony-headed pipefish) Nannocampus weberi Duncker, 1915	Nannocampus	pipefish
parent taxon	The Tepehuan shiner (Cyprinella alvarezdelvillari) is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Mexico.	Tepehuan shiner	Cyprinella
parent taxon	Reesa is a monotypic genus of beetles in the family Dermestidae, the skin beetles.	Reesa	Dermestidae
parent taxon	The plant tribe Phaseoleae is one of the subdivisions of the legume subfamily Faboideae.	Phaseoleae	Faboideae
parent taxon	Distylium (Winter-hazel) is a genus of about 18 species of evergreen shrubs and trees in the witch hazel family Hamamelidaceae, native to eastern and southeastern Asia.	Distylium	Hamamelidaceae
parent taxon	The Minahassa masked owl (Tyto inexspectata), also known as the Minahassa barn owl, Sulawesi owl or Sulawesi golden owl, is an endemic barn owl living on Sulawesi, Indonesia.	Minahassa masked owl	Tyto
parent taxon	Callosobruchus is a genus of beetles in the family Chrysomelidae, the leaf beetles.	Callosobruchus	Chrysomelidae
parent taxon	Brandt's hedgehog (Paraechinus hypomelas) is a species of desert hedgehog native to the Middle East and Middle Asia.	Brandt's hedgehog	Paraechinus
parent taxon	Hudsonia (goldenheather, poverty grass) is a small genus of three species of flowering plants in the family Cistaceae, native to North America.	Hudsonia	Cistaceae
parent taxon	Sesame (/ˈsɛsəmiː/; Sesamum indicum) is a flowering plant in the genus Sesamum.	Sesame	Sesamum
parent taxon	Pseuduvaria is a genus of 38 species of plants, of the plant family Annonaceae.	Pseuduvaria	Annonaceae
parent taxon	Couratari is a genus of trees in the family Lecythidaceae, first described as a genus in 1775.	Couratari	Lecythidaceae
parent taxon	The Wushan salamander (Liua shihi) is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family.	Wushan salamander	Liua
parent taxon	Dacryoconarida is an extinct subclass of free living animals from the Tentaculita class, which were common in the Devonian oceans (Fisher, 1962).	Dacryoconarida	Tentaculita
parent taxon	Petasina is a genus of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial animal pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae, the hairy snails and their allies.	Petasina	Hygromiidae
parent taxon	Holocneminae is a subfamily of cellar spiders (family Pholcidae).	Holocneminae	Pholcidae
parent taxon	Armbruster's wolf (Canis armbrusteri) is an extinct species of canid which was endemic to North America and lived during the Irvingtonian stage of the Pleistocene epoch 1.8 Mya--300,000 years ago, existing for approximately 1.5 million years.	Armbruster's wolf	Canis
parent taxon	Oligoceras is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae, first described as a genus in 1924.	Oligoceras	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	Gymnomyza is a genus of birds, in the honeyeater family Meliphagidae, which are restricted to a few islands in the southwest Pacific Ocean.	Gymnomyza	Meliphagidae
parent taxon	The Bolivian river dolphin (Inia geoffrensis boliviensis), a mammal, is a subspecies of the Amazon river dolphin.	Bolivian river dolphin	Amazon river dolphin
parent taxon	Millet's leopoldamys (Leopoldamys milleti) is a species of rodent from the family Muridae.	Millet's leopoldamys	Leopoldamys
parent taxon	The Tasmanian clingfish (Aspasmogaster tasmaniensis) is a clingfish of the family Gobiesocidae, found around the western and southern coasts of Australia including Tasmania.	Tasmanian clingfish	Aspasmogaster
parent taxon	Lazuardia is a monotypic genus of cup fungi in the family Pyronemataceae.	Lazuardia	Pyronemataceae
parent taxon	The Blue Mountains water skink (Eulamprus leuraensis) is a species of skink in the family Scincidae.	Blue Mountains water skink	Eulamprus
parent taxon	The Carnivora, Creodonta, Pholidota, and a few other extinct orders are informally grouped together in the clade Ferae.	Carnivora	Ferae
parent taxon	Atlantic herring (Clupea harengus) is a herring in the family Clupeidae.	Atlantic herring	Clupea
parent taxon	The Palau swiftlet (Aerodramus pelewensis) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family.	Palau swiftlet	Aerodramus
parent taxon	The Bale shrew (Crocidura bottegoides) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Bale shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	Anisopodesthes zikani is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Anisopodesthes.	Anisopodesthes	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Andean gerbil mouse or Altiplano laucha (Eligmodontia puerulus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Andean gerbil mouse	Eligmodontia
parent taxon	The Rennell starling (Aplonis insularis) is a species of starling in the family Sturnidae.	Rennell starling	Aplonis
parent taxon	Bergrothomyia is an Australian genus of crane fly in the family Limoniidae.	Bergrothomyia	Limoniidae
parent taxon	Zapogon is a genus of fish in the family Apogonidae, the cardinalfishes.	Zapogon	Apogonidae
parent taxon	Streblus is a genus of flowering plant in the mulberry family, Moraceae.	Streblus	Moraceae
parent taxon	Cataegidae is a family of small sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.	Cataegidae	Seguenzioidea
parent taxon	Apis andreniformis or the black dwarf honey bee is a relatively rare species of honey bee whose native habitat is the tropical and subtropical regions of southeast Asia.	Apis andreniformis	honey bee
parent taxon	Xiphidium is a genus of herbs in the family Haemodoraceae first described as a genus in 1775.	Xiphidium	Haemodoraceae
parent taxon	The Spanish imperial eagle, Iberian imperial eagle or Adalbert's eagle (Aquila adalberti) is a threatened species of eagle that only occurs in central and south-west Spain, adjacent areas of Portugal and possibly northern Morocco, although the latter is disputed.	Spanish imperial eagle	Aquila
parent taxon	Squaliolus is a genus of deep-sea dogfish sharks in the family Dalatiidae.	Squaliolus	Dalatiidae
parent taxon	Coronavirinae is one of two subfamilies in the family Coronaviridae.	Coronavirinae	Coronaviridae
parent taxon	Rydingia is a genus of plants in the Lamiaceae family, first described in 2007.	Rydingia	Lamiaceae
parent taxon	In 2004, Peter Makovicky, Kobayashi and Currie pointed out that Deinocheirus was likely a primitive ornithomimosaurian, since it lacked some of the features typical of the Ornithomimidae family.	Deinocheirus	Ornithomimidae
parent taxon	Eurysternus is a genus of Scarabaeinae or dung beetles in the family Scarabaeidae, tribe Oniticellini.	Eurysternus	Scarabaeidae
parent taxon	Lacertamoeba is a subgenus of the genus Plasmodium - all of which are parasitic protozoa.	Lacertamoeba	Plasmodium
parent taxon	Adélie penguin, Pygoscelis adeliae Chinstrap penguin, Pygoscelis antarctica Gentoo penguin, Pygoscelis papua Extinct species:	Pygoscelis	penguin
parent taxon	The Tibetan partridge (Perdix hodgsoniae) is a gamebird in the pheasant family Phasianidae of the order Galliformes.	Tibetan partridge	Perdix
parent taxon	Fistularia tabacaria is a species of cornetfish found along the Atlantic coasts of the Americas.	Fistularia tabacaria	cornetfish
parent taxon	Synageles is a genus of antlike jumping spiders (Salticidae) with about 20 described species.	Synageles	Salticidae
parent taxon	Oppelia is a haploceratcean ammonite and type genus for the Oppeliidae that lived during the Middle Jurassic.	Oppelia	Oppeliidae
parent taxon	Megabraula is a fly genus in the family Braulidae (Diptera), or bee lice.	Megabraula	Braulidae
parent taxon	Synima is a genus of tropical rainforest trees, constituting part of the plant family Sapindaceae.	Synima	Sapindaceae
parent taxon	The Maltese skate or Maltese ray (Leucoraja melitensis) is a species of fish in the Rajidae family.	Maltese skate	Leucoraja
parent taxon	The Oegophiurida are an order of brittle stars, class Ophiuroidea.	Oegophiurida	Ophiuroidea
parent taxon	The Andaman crow (Euploea andamanensis) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily.	Andaman crow	Euploea
parent taxon	Guillardia is a genus of flagellate cryptomonad algae belonging to the family Geminigeraceae, containing a secondary plastid within a reduced cytoplasmic compartment that contains a vestigial nucleomorph.	Guillardia	Geminigeraceae
parent taxon	Boloria is a brush-footed butterfly (Nymphalidae) genus.	Boloria	Nymphalidae
parent taxon	The Spalacidae, or spalacids, are a family of rodents in the large and complex superfamily Muroidea.	Spalacidae	Muroidea
parent taxon	Lamini (members are called laminoids) is a tribe of the subfamily Camelinae.	Lamini	Camelinae
parent taxon	Fraas' lizard (Parvilacerta fraasii, syn. Lacerta fraasii ) is a species of lizard in the family Lacertidae.	Fraas' lizard	Parvilacerta
parent taxon	Chives is the common name of Allium schoenoprasum, an edible species of the Allium genus.	Chives	Allium
parent taxon	Elodina is a genus of butterflies in the Pieridae family.	Elodina	Pieridae
parent taxon	The Indian egg-eating snake or Indian egg-eater (Elachistodon westermanni) is a rare species of egg-eating snake found in the Indian subcontinent.	Indian egg-eating snake	Elachistodon
parent taxon	The Argentine snake-necked turtle, also known as the South American snake-necked turtle (Hydromedusa tectifera) is a species of turtle, known for the long neck which gave it its name.	Argentine snake-necked turtle	Hydromedusa
parent taxon	The Arabian warbler, Red Sea warbler or Blandford's warbler (Sylvia leucomelaena), is a species of Old World warbler in the Sylviidae family.	Arabian warbler	Sylvia
parent taxon	Biantidae are included in the superfamily Samooidea, which mainly radiated in South America.	Biantidae	Samooidea
parent taxon	Scoliodon is a genus of requiem shark, and part of the family Carcharhinidae.	Scoliodon	Carcharhinidae
parent taxon	Underwood's mussurana (Clelia errabunda) is an extinct species of snake formerly endemic to the Caribbean island of Saint Lucia.	Underwood's mussurana	Clelia
parent taxon	As the family Halosauridae, halosaurs are one of two families within the order Notacanthiformes; the other being the deep-sea spiny eels, Notacanthidae.	Halosaur	Notacanthiformes
parent taxon	The Little Colorado River Sucker or Little Colorado Sucker (Catostomus sp.3) is a fish very similar to the Flannelmouth Sucker (Catostomus latipinnis) but without the Flannelmouth's distinct fleshy lips.	Little Colorado River Sucker	Catostomus
parent taxon	The Cuban vireo (Vireo gundlachii) is a species of bird in the Vireonidae family that is endemic to Cuba.	Cuban vireo	Vireo
parent taxon	The Hebrew character (Orthosia gothica) is a species of moth in the family Noctuidae.	Hebrew character	Orthosia
parent taxon	Protulophila is a genus of symbiotic or commensal colonial Hydrozoa, known from very small hydroids.	Protulophila	Hydrozoa
parent taxon	Paracynarctus is an extinct genus of the Borophaginae and a terrestrial canine (bear-dog) which inhabited most of North America during the Early Hemingfordian stage of the Early Miocene subepoch through the Early Barstovian stage of the Middle Miocene subepoch 20.6--13.6 Ma, existing for approximately 7 million years.	Paracynarctus	Borophaginae
parent taxon	Fossil wings have been discovered in the Permian of Kansas which have a close resemblance to wings of Mastotermes of the Mastotermitidae, which is the most primitive living termite.	Mastotermes	Mastotermitidae
parent taxon	The Australian green tree frog, simply green tree frog in Australia, White's tree frog, or dumpy tree frog (Litoria caerulea) is a species of tree frog native to Australia and New Guinea, with introduced populations in the United States and New Zealand, though the latter is believed to have died out.	Australian green tree frog	Litoria
parent taxon	The Chinese grosbeak or yellow-billed grosbeak (Eophona migratoria) is a species of finch in the Fringillidae family.	Chinese grosbeak	Eophona
parent taxon	Biondia is a genus of plant in family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1905.	Biondia	Apocynaceae
parent taxon	Capnodium is a genus of sooty molds in the family Capnodiaceae.	Capnodium	Capnodiaceae
parent taxon	Lorma is a genus of herbivorous Coccinellidae containing a single species, L. haliki, described from Sao Paulo, Brazil.	Lorma	Coccinellidae
parent taxon	The Pecos pupfish (Cyprinodon pecosensis) is a species of Pupfish in the Cyprinodontidae family.	Pecos pupfish	Cyprinodon
parent taxon	The Hudson Bay toad (Anaxyrus americanus copei) is a rare subspecies of the American toad.	Hudson Bay toad	American toad
parent taxon	Turneria is a genus of ants that belongs to the subfamily Dolichoderinae.	Turneria	Dolichoderinae
parent taxon	The Mangrove red snapper (commonly called mangrove jack within Australia), Lutjanus argentimaculatus is a species of snapper.	Mangrove red snapper	Lutjanus
parent taxon	Yefremov named the family Phthinosuchidae in 1954 to include Phthinosaurus and the newly named Phthinosuchus, which was described on the basis of a crushed partial skull.	Phthinosaurus	Phthinosuchidae
parent taxon	The phylogenetic analysis of the original description of Zapatadon found it as a part of a clade that contains to the subfamilies Eilenodontidae (Toxolophosaurus, Eilenosaurus) and Sphenodontinae (Sphenodon, Cynosphenodon), in an unresolved polytomy with the genus Opisthias and this subfamilies, within the family Sphenodontidae.	Zapatadon	Sphenodontidae
parent taxon	The Migadopinae are a subfamily of beetles in the family Carabidae, containing these genera:	Migadopinae	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Rio Grande darter (Etheostoma grahami) is a species of darter endemic to the lower Rio Grande drainage of the United States and Mexico.	Rio Grande darter	Etheostoma
parent taxon	Bernard's wolf (Canis lupus bernardi), also known as the Banks Island tundra wolf, Banks Island wolf, and the Victoria's Island wolf, was a subspecies of the gray wolf, Canis lupus, that was limited to the Banks and Victoria Island of the Canadian arctic.	Bernard's wolf	gray wolf
parent taxon	Sonan's salamander, Hynobius sonani, is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family, endemic to Taiwan, where it occurs in the Central Mountain Range above 2,750 m (9,020 ft).	Sonan's salamander	Hynobius
parent taxon	Talarurus was assigned to the Ankylosauridae by Maleev in its original description in 1952.	Talarurus	Ankylosauridae
parent taxon	The Manusela mosaic-tailed rat (Melomys fraterculus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Manusela mosaic-tailed rat	Melomys
parent taxon	Archiearinae is a subfamily of the geometer moth family (Geometridae).	Archiearinae	Geometridae
parent taxon	Bloomeria, a geophyte in the family Asparagaceae, subfamily Brodiaeoideae, was named for Hiram Green Bloomer (1819--1874) an early San Francisco botanist.	Bloomeria	Brodiaeoideae
parent taxon	Fegimanra is a small genus of trees in the subfamily Anacardioideae of the cashew and sumac family Anacardiaceae.	Fegimanra	Anacardiaceae
parent taxon	The Malabar grey hornbill (Ocyceros griseus) is a hornbill endemic to the Western Ghats and associated hills of southern India.	Malabar grey hornbill	Ocyceros
parent taxon	The La Selle thrush (Turdus swalesi) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae.	La Selle thrush	Turdus
parent taxon	Melientha is a genus of plants in the family Opiliaceae described as a genus in 1888.	Melientha	Opiliaceae
parent taxon	Parandraceps turnbowi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Parandraceps.	Parandraceps	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Sepiadariidae is a family of cephalopods in the order Sepiida.	Sepiadariidae	Sepiida
parent taxon	The Mindoro hawk-owl (Ninox mindorensis) is a species of owl in the family Strigidae.	Mindoro hawk-owl	Ninox
parent taxon	Leptomerycinae is an extinct subfamily within the ruminant family Leptomerycidae.	Leptomerycinae	Leptomerycidae
parent taxon	Metaliomys is an extinct genus of Heteromyidae that existed in the United States during the Late Miocene period.	Metaliomys	Heteromyidae
parent taxon	Aphelenchoididae is a nematode family in the order Aphelenchida.	Aphelenchoididae	Aphelenchida
parent taxon	The American bullfrog (Rana catesbeiana), often simply known as the bullfrog in Canada and the United States, is an amphibious frog, a member of the family Ranidae, or ``true frogs''.	American bullfrog	Rana
parent taxon	Padogobius nigricans, the Arno goby, is a species of goby endemic to Italy.	Arno goby	Padogobius
parent taxon	Mesocyon is an extinct genus of terrestrial carnivore within the family Canidae, subfamily Hesperocyoninae, which inhabited North America from the Early Oligocene 33.9--20.6 Ma, existing for approximately 18 million years.	Mesocyon	Hesperocyoninae
parent taxon	Serpenticaulis bowkettiae, the striped snake orchid (previously Bulbophyllum bowkettiae) is a species of orchid from Queensland, Australia.	Serpenticaulis bowkettiae	Bulbophyllum
parent taxon	Betaentomopoxvirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Poxviridae, in the subfamily Entomopoxvirinae.	Betaentomopoxvirus	Entomopoxvirinae
parent taxon	Chimonanthus (wintersweet) is a genus of flowering plants in the family Calycanthaceae, endemic to China.	Chimonanthus	Calycanthaceae
parent taxon	Neumann's starling, or Neumann's red-winged starling (Onychognathus neumanni) is a bird native to Africa.	Neumann's starling	Onychognathus
parent taxon	The Mormon cricket (Anabrus simplex) is a large insect that can grow to almost 8 cm (3 inches) in length.	Mormon cricket	Anabrus
parent taxon	Orzolina thalassophila is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Orzolina.	Orzolina	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Manitoba wolf (Canis lupus griseoalbus), also known as the grey-white wolf, is a subspecies of the gray wolf, Canis lupus, that used to roam in Alberta, Manitoba, and Saskatchewan.	Manitoba wolf	gray wolf
parent taxon	Neotyphlus franzi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Neotyphlus.	Neotyphlus	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Nubian flapshell turtle (Cyclanorbis elegans) is one of two species of softshell turtle in the genus Cyclanorbis of the Trionychidae family.	Nubian flapshell turtle	Cyclanorbis
parent taxon	APG II places Stylidiaceae and Donatiaceae in the Asterales.	Stylidiaceae	Asterales
parent taxon	Chironex is a genus of box jellyfish in the Chirodropidae family.	Chironex	Chirodropidae
parent taxon	The Zempoaltepec (Peromyscus melanocarpus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Zempoaltepec	Peromyscus
parent taxon	The Cephalocarida are a class in the subphylum Crustacea comprising only 12 benthic species.	Cephalocarida	Crustacea
parent taxon	The McGregor's cuckooshrike or sharp-tailed cuckooshrike (Coracina mcgregori) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family.	McGregor's cuckooshrike	Coracina
parent taxon	The Galapagos crake or Galapagos rail (Laterallus spilonota) is a small rail endemic to the Galapagos Islands.	Galapagos crake	Laterallus
parent taxon	The Sclater's antwren (Myrmotherula sclateri) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae.	Sclater's antwren	Myrmotherula
parent taxon	The Timor roundleaf bat (Hipposideros crumeniferus) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae.	Timor roundleaf bat	Hipposideros
parent taxon	Ambulyx is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family, described by Westwood in 1847.	Ambulyx	Sphingidae
parent taxon	Nototeredo is a genus of ship-worms, marine bivalve molluscs of the family Teredinidae.	Nototeredo	Teredinidae
parent taxon	Aulacaspis, is a scale insect genus in the family Diaspididae.	Aulacaspis	Diaspididae
parent taxon	The Chinese highland shrew (Sorex excelsus) is a species of shrew in the family Soricidae.	Chinese highland shrew	Sorex
parent taxon	Acanthoscelides is a genus of bean weevils, beetles of the subfamily Bruchinae.	Acanthoscelides	Bruchinae
parent taxon	Wallago is a genus of catfishes order Siluriformes of the family Siluridae, or sheatfish.	Wallago	Siluridae
parent taxon	Pseudomorphinae is a subfamily of ground beetles (family Carabidae).	Pseudomorphinae	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Australian golden whistler (Pachycephala pectoralis) is a species of bird found in forest, woodland, mallee, mangrove and scrub in Australia (except the interior and most of the north) and in mountain forest in the Snow Mountains in the Papua Province of Indonesia.	Australian golden whistler	Pachycephala
parent taxon	The South African springhare (Pedetes capensis), or springhaas as it is called in Afrikaans, is not actually a hare, but a Rodent.	South African springhare	Pedetes
parent taxon	Thelypteris (maiden ferns) is a genus of ferns in the family Thelypteridaceae, order Polypodiales.	Thelypteris	Thelypteridaceae
parent taxon	Aphanes (parsley-piert) is a genus of around 20 species in the rose family (Rosaceae), native to Europe, Asia and Australia.	Aphanes	Rosaceae
parent taxon	Mustelinae is a paraphyletic subfamily of family Mustelidae, which includes wolverines, weasels, ferrets, martens, and minks, to the exclusion of the otters (Lutrinae).	Mustelinae	Mustelidae
parent taxon	Celtis bungeana, commonly known as Bunge's hackberry is a deciduous tree in the Celtis genus that can grow 15 meters in height.	Celtis bungeana	hackberry
parent taxon	Paroreodon is an extinct genus of oreodont of the family Merycoidodontidae, subfamily Merycoidodontinae, endemic to North America during the Oligocene-Miocene subepochs (30.8--20.6 mya), existing for approximately 10.2 million years.	Paroreodon	Merycoidodontidae
parent taxon	Cinctipora is a bryozoan genus in the family Cinctiporidae also known in fossil records.	Cinctipora	Cinctiporidae
parent taxon	Chaunax is a genus of bony fish in the sea toad family Chaunacidae.	Chaunax	sea toad
parent taxon	Halone is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae from southern Asia and Australia.	Halone	Arctiidae
parent taxon	Named in 2003, Susisuchus is the sole member of the family Susisuchidae, and is closely related to the clade Eusuchia, which includes living crocodilians.	Susisuchus	Susisuchidae
parent taxon	Trophis is a genus in the plant family Moraceae which includes about nine species, six of which are Neotropical and three which are Palaeotropical.	Trophis	Moraceae
parent taxon	Hirtodrosophila is a genus of fruit fly from the family Drosophilidae.	Hirtodrosophila	Drosophilidae
parent taxon	Corynexochina is a poorly understood subdivision of the trilobite order Corynexochida.	Corynexochina	Corynexochida
parent taxon	Myelochroa is a genus of lichenized fungi within the family Parmeliaceae.	Myelochroa	Parmeliaceae
parent taxon	Ant nest beetles (subfamily Paussinae) or paussines, some members of which are known also as flanged bombardier beetles, are a large subfamily within the ground beetles (Carabidae).	Ant nest beetle	Carabidae
parent taxon	Thaumatogryllus is a genus of crickets in the family Gryllidae.	Thaumatogryllus	Gryllidae
parent taxon	Moreiradromia is a genus of sponge crabs in the family Dromiidae.	Moreiradromia	Dromiidae
parent taxon	The Makumuno Assumbo caecilian, Idiocranium russeli, is a species of African caecilian in the family Indotyphlidae.	Makumuno Assumbo caecilian	Idiocranium
parent taxon	Xenopsylla is a flea genus in the family Pulicidae.	Xenopsylla	Pulicidae
parent taxon	The Natal Midlands dwarf chameleon (Bradypodion thamnobates), also known under the longer common name of KwaZulu-Natal Midlands dwarf chameleon, is a chameleon native to woodland habitat in the Midlands area of the South African province of KwaZulu-Natal.	Natal Midlands dwarf chameleon	Bradypodion
parent taxon	The Australian sharpnose shark (Rhizoprionodon taylori) is a requiem shark, belonging to the family Carcharhinidae.	Australian sharpnose shark	Rhizoprionodon
parent taxon	Paramyxoviridae (from Greek para-, beyond, -myxo-, mucus or slime, plus virus, from Latin poison, slime, thus meaning ``slime beyond slime''; often abbreviated PMV) is a family of viruses in the order Mononegavirales.	Paramyxoviridae	Mononegavirales
parent taxon	Cipura is a genus of perennial, herbaceous and bulbous plants in the Iris family (Iridaceae), related to the genus Cypella.	Cipura	Iridaceae
parent taxon	Delany's mouse or Delany's swamp mouse (Delanymys brooksi) is a species of rodent in the family Nesomyidae.	Delany's mouse	Delanymys
parent taxon	Lufengpithecus is a genus of extinct ape generally placed in the Ponginae subfamily.	Lufengpithecus	Ponginae
parent taxon	The Gadidae are a family of marine fish, included in the order Gadiformes, known as the cods, codfishes or true cods.	Gadidae	Gadiformes
parent taxon	Syrdenoidius spinipes is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Syrdenoidius.	Syrdenoidius	Carabidae
parent taxon	Oosterellidae is an extinct ammonoid cephalopod family belonging to the superfamily Perisphinctoidea.	Oosterellidae	Perisphinctoidea
parent taxon	Vateriopsis seychellarum is a species of plant in the family Dipterocarpaceae.	Vateriopsis	Dipterocarpaceae
parent taxon	Doratulina is a genus of leafhoppers belonging to the family Cicadellidae, subfamily Deltocephalinae, tribe Stenometopiini.	Doratulina	Cicadellidae
parent taxon	The Gulf Coast pygmy sunfish, Elassoma gilberti, is a species of pygmy sunfish endemic to Florida, USA.	Gulf Coast pygmy sunfish	Elassoma
parent taxon	The Père David's rock squirrel (Sciurotamias davidianus), also known as the Chinese rock squirrel, is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	Père David's rock squirrel	Sciurotamias
parent taxon	Secatophus australis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Secatophus.	Secatophus	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Finsch's francolin (Scleroptila finschi) is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family.	Finsch's francolin	Scleroptila
parent taxon	Axelia is a prehistoric genus of lobe-finned fish which belonged to the family of Coelacanthidae.	Axelia	Coelacanthidae
parent taxon	The Mali cobra (Naja katiensis), also called the Katian spitting cobra, is a species of spitting cobra found in West Africa.	Mali cobra	Naja
parent taxon	The South-west European nase (Parachondrostoma toxostoma) is a species of cyprinid fish that is found in France and Spain.	South-west European nase	Parachondrostoma
parent taxon	Anodonta is a genus of freshwater mussels in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.	Anodonta	Unionidae
parent taxon	Hadrokirus martini is an extinct species of true seal (Phocidae) that lived on the coast of Peru about 6 million years ago.	Hadrokirus	Phocidae
parent taxon	Turbinoidea was a superfamily of small to large sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Turbinoidea	Vetigastropoda
parent taxon	Octomylodon is an extinct genus of ground sloth of the family Mylodontidae, living during the Miocene-Pleistocene.	Octomylodon	Mylodontidae
parent taxon	Carinostoma is an harvestmen genus in the family Nemastomatidae.	Carinostoma	Nemastomatidae
parent taxon	Notopteroidei is a suborder of the order Osteoglossiformes that contains the Gymnarchidae (aba), Notopteridae (feather backs and knifefish), mormyrids (the elephantfishes), as well as extinct families.	Notopteroidei	Osteoglossiformes
parent taxon	Gratiola is a genus of plants in the Plantaginaceae family.	Gratiola	Plantaginaceae
parent taxon	Peachella is an average sized biceratopsid trilobite, that exhibits the strongly effaced cephalic features that are typical for a clade wikthin the Biceratopsinae subfamily.	Peachella	Biceratopsinae
parent taxon	The Cresthead flounder, Pseudopleuronectes schrenki, is a flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae.	Cresthead flounder	Pseudopleuronectes
parent taxon	The Armenian gull (Larus armenicus) is a large gull found in the Caucasus and Middle East.	Armenian gull	Larus
parent taxon	Clover yellow mosaic virus (ClYMV) is a plant pathogenic virus in the genus Potexvirus and the virus family Alphaflexiviridae.	Clover yellow mosaic virus	Potexvirus
parent taxon	Lepidonectes corallicola, known commonly as the Galapagos triplefin blenny, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Lepidonectes.	Galapagos triplefin blenny	Lepidonectes
parent taxon	Pedicularis is a genus of perennial green root parasite plants currently placed in the broomrape family Orobanchaceae (the genus previously having been placed in Scrophulariaceae sensu lato).	Pedicularis	Orobanchaceae
parent taxon	The Grand Comoro drongo (Dicrurus fuscipennis) is a species of bird in the Dicruridae family.	Grand Comoro drongo	Dicrurus
parent taxon	Xyletinus is a genus of beetles in the family Anobiidae and subfamily Xyletininae.	Xyletinus	Xyletininae
parent taxon	Dichorisandra is a genus of perennial monocotyledonous flowering plants in the dayflower family (Commelinaceae).	Dichorisandra	Commelinaceae
parent taxon	Piranhea is a plant genus under the family Picrodendraceae described as a genus in 1866.	Piranhea	Picrodendraceae
parent taxon	Australocamelus is an extinct genus of terrestrial herbivore the family Camelidae, endemic to North America during the Miocene 16.3--13.6 mya existing for approximately 2.7 million years.	Australocamelus	Camelidae
parent taxon	Omalogyroidea is a superfamily of minute sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the informal group Lower Heterobranchia.	Omalogyroidea	Lower Heterobranchia
parent taxon	Kupeus arcuatus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Kupeus.	Kupeus	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Chaetothyriaceae are a family of ascomycetous fungi within the order Chaetothyriales and within the class Eurotiomycetes.	Chaetothyriaceae	Chaetothyriales
parent taxon	Beddomeia is a genus of very small freshwater snails that have a gill and an operculum, aquatic operculate gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae.	Beddomeia	Hydrobiidae
parent taxon	The Australasian gannet (Morus serrator or Sula bassana), also known as Australian gannet and Tākapu, is a large seabird of the gannet family Sulidae.	Australasian gannet	Morus
parent taxon	The Tanimbar flycatcher (Ficedula riedeli) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae.	Tanimbar flycatcher	Ficedula
parent taxon	Dinomischus is a rare fossil animal from the Cambrian period.	Dinomischus	animal
parent taxon	The Rudd's apalis (Apalis ruddi) is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family.	Rudd's apalis	Apalis
parent taxon	Placenticeratidae is an extinct family of mostly Late Cretaceous ammonites (cephalopod order Ammonitida) included in the superfamily Hoplitaceae, derived from the Engonoceratidae by an increase in suture complexity.	Placenticeratidae	Hoplitaceae
parent taxon	Sinohippus is an extinct equid genus belonging to the subfamily Anchitheriinae.	Sinohippus	Anchitheriinae
parent taxon	Blacktip cardinalfish (Apogon atradorsatus) are reef fish in the South Pacific.	Blacktip cardinalfish	Apogon
parent taxon	Myiopagis is a genus of bird in the Tyrannidae family, the tyrant flycatchers.	Myiopagis	Tyrannidae
parent taxon	Retrophyllum is a genus of coniferous gymnosperms in the family Podocarpaceae.	Retrophyllum	Podocarpaceae
parent taxon	Macmillan's thicket rat (Grammomys macmillani) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Macmillan's thicket rat	Grammomys
parent taxon	Under the Cronquist classification system, Polygalaceae were treated in a separate order of their own, Polygalales.	Polygalaceae	Polygalales
parent taxon	The Euphrates softshell turtle (Rafetus euphraticus) is a species of softshell turtle in the Trionychidae family.	Euphrates softshell turtle	Rafetus
parent taxon	Trymalium is a genus of shrubs or trees in the family Rhamnaceae.	Trymalium	Rhamnaceae
parent taxon	The Panama slender opossum (Marmosops invictus), also known as the slaty slender mouse opossum, is a species of opossum in the family Didelphidae.	Panama slender opossum	Marmosops
parent taxon	Eulaceura is a genus of butterflies in the family Nymphalidae subfamily Apaturinae.	Eulaceura	Nymphalidae
parent taxon	The Montseny brook newt (Catalan: tritó del Montseny), Calotriton arnoldi, is a species of salamander in the family Salamandridae.	Montseny brook newt	Calotriton
parent taxon	Reticulitermes is a termite genus in the family Rhinotermitidae.	Reticulitermes	Rhinotermitidae
parent taxon	Mimachlamys is a genus of scallops, marine bivalve molluscs in the taxonomic family Pectinidae.	Mimachlamys	Pectinidae
parent taxon	Oarisma is a genus of butterflies in the skipper family, Hesperiidae.	Oarisma	Hesperiidae
parent taxon	The Maud Island frog, Leiopelma pakeka, is a primitive frog native to New Zealand, one of only four extant species belonging to the taxonomic family Leiopelmatidae.	Maud Island frog	Leiopelma
parent taxon	The Sangihe tarsier (Tarsius sangirensis), also known as Sangihe Island tarsier, is a small primate found on Sangir Island, which is located about 200 kilometers north-east of the island of Sulawesi in Indonesia.	Sangihe tarsier	Tarsius
parent taxon	The Forrest's rock squirrel (Sciurotamias forresti) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	Forrest's rock squirrel	Sciurotamias
parent taxon	The treatise on Invertebrate Paleontology, Part H Brachiopida (revised) now places the Order Pentamerida in the Class Rhynchonellata and divides it into the suborders Syntrophiidina and Pentameridina.	Pentamerida	Rhynchonellata
parent taxon	Parandrinae is a subfamily of the longhorn beetle family (Cerambycidae).	Parandrinae	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Pholcidae, commonly known as cellar spiders, are a spider family in the suborder Araneomorphae.	Pholcidae	spider
parent taxon	Maihuenia is a genus of cactus (family Cactaceae) and the sole genus of the subfamily Maihuenioideae, which is the smallest subfamily of the Cactaceae.	Maihuenia	Maihuenioideae
parent taxon	The Nayarit mouse or Sinaloan deer mouse (Peromyscus simulus) is a species of cricetid rodent endemic to Mexico.	Nayarit mouse	Peromyscus
parent taxon	The Lord Howe woodhen (Gallirallus sylvestris) also known as the Lord Howe Island woodhen or Lord Howe (Island) rail, is a flightless bird of the rail family, (Rallidae).	Lord Howe woodhen	Gallirallus
parent taxon	The Chinese francolin (Francolinus pintadeanus) or Burmeese francolin is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family.	Chinese francolin	Francolinus
parent taxon	The Mossambique forest tree frog, Leptopelis mossambicus, is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family found in Malawi, Mozambique, South Africa, Swaziland, Zimbabwe, and possibly Botswana.	Mossambique forest tree frog	Leptopelis
parent taxon	Micronelima brevipes is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.	Micronelima	Sclerosomatidae
parent taxon	The Paghman stream salamander or the Afghani brook salamander (Paradactylodon mustersi) is a salamander endemic to Afghanistan.	Paghman stream salamander	Paradactylodon
parent taxon	Oxera is a genus of flowering plants in the family Labiatae / Lamiaceae native to Vanuatu and New Caledonia in the western Pacific.	Oxera	Lamiaceae
parent taxon	Odopoia is a genus of wasps in the family Torymidae, containing the following species:	Odopoia	Torymidae
parent taxon	Sierraia is a genus of freshwater snails with an operculum, aquatic prosobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Bithyniidae.	Sierraia	Bithyniidae
parent taxon	The Bering cisco or Lauretta whitefish (Coregonus laurettae) is a freshwater whitefish found in Alaska and part of Russia.	Bering cisco	Coregonus
parent taxon	Hohenbergiopsis is a genus in the botanical family Bromeliaceae, subfamily Bromelioideae.	Hohenbergiopsis	Bromeliaceae
parent taxon	The Gueldenstaedt's shrew (Crocidura gueldenstaedtii) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Gueldenstaedt's shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	Contemporary taxonomic treatments include Rhynchospora and the related genus Pleurostachys in the tribe Rhynchosporae, a well-supported clade within Cyperaceae.	Rhynchospora	Cyperaceae
parent taxon	Olegius turkmenicus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Olegius.	Olegius	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Busuanga squirrel (Sundasciurus hoogstraali) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	Busuanga squirrel	Sundasciurus
parent taxon	The Aspidoceratidae comprise a family of middle and upper Jurassic ammonites that make up part of the superfamily Perisphinctoidea, characterized by evolute shells, commonly stocky, that tend to develop tubercles.	Aspidoceratidae	Perisphinctoidea
parent taxon	The Tanzanian masked weaver or Tanganyika masked weaver (Ploceus reichardi) is a species of bird in the weaver family, Ploceidae.	Tanzanian masked weaver	Ploceus
parent taxon	The Rhizocarpaceae are a family of fungi in the Ascomycota, class Lecanoromycetes.	Rhizocarpaceae	Lecanoromycetes
parent taxon	Anemone hortensis, commonly called broad-leaved anemone, is a perennial herbaceous plant with an underground rhizome, belonging to the genus Anemone of the Ranunculaceae family.	Anemone hortensis	anemone
parent taxon	The New Zealand pigeon or kererū (Hemiphaga novaeseelandiae) is a bird endemic to New Zealand.	New Zealand pigeon	Hemiphaga
parent taxon	Italaphaenops dimaioi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Italaphaenops.	Italaphaenops	Carabidae
parent taxon	Corythucha is a large genus of lace bug Tingidae that is primarily distributed in the New World, especially North America.	Corythucha	Tingidae
parent taxon	The Apsidoceratidae is a family of Middle and Upper Ordovician Barrandeocerina, (a suborder of tarphycerids), characterized by curved or coiled, smooth, transversely marked, or laterally costate shells, with a conspicuous hyponomic sinus.	Apsidoceratidae	Barrandeocerina
parent taxon	The Cuban fig-eating bat, or white-shouldered bat, (Phyllops falcatus) is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae, found only in the Caribbean.	Cuban fig-eating bat	Phyllops
parent taxon	The Malayan flat-shelled turtle (Notochelys platynota) is a species of turtle found in Southeast Asia.	Malayan flat-shelled turtle	Notochelys
parent taxon	Papagomys is a genus of very large rats in the tribe Rattini of the subfamily Murinae.	Papagomys	Murinae
parent taxon	The Rodrigues giant day gecko (Phelsuma gigas) is an extinct species of day gecko.	Rodrigues giant day gecko	Phelsuma
parent taxon	Mekosuchus is a genus of extinct Australasian crocodiles within the subfamily Mekosuchinae.	Mekosuchus	Mekosuchinae
parent taxon	Dracophyllum is a genus of plants belonging to the family Ericaceae, formerly Epacridaceae.	Dracophyllum	Ericaceae
parent taxon	Fusinus is a genus of small to large sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae, the spindle snails and tulip snaills.	Fusinus	Fasciolariidae
parent taxon	Lydomorphus is a genus of beetle in family Meloidae, containing the following selected species:	Lydomorphus	Meloidae
parent taxon	Duddingtonia is a genus of fungi in the family Orbiliaceae comprising only the species Duddingtonia flagrans.	Duddingtonia	Orbiliaceae
parent taxon	Agathiphaga is a genus of moths in the family Agathiphagidae, known as kauri moths.	Agathiphaga	Agathiphagidae
parent taxon	Leptosiphon androsaceus (syn. Linanthus androsaceus) is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name false babystars.	Leptosiphon androsaceus	Linanthus
parent taxon	The Venezuelan bristle tyrant (Phylloscartes venezuelanus) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.	Venezuelan bristle tyrant	Phylloscartes
parent taxon	Below is a cladogram from Schoch's analysis showing the placement of Rhachitomi within Temnospondyli:	Rhachitomi	Temnospondyli
parent taxon	Entemnotrochus is a genus of large to very large deepwater sea snails with gills and an operculum, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pleurotomariidae, the slit snails.	Entemnotrochus	Pleurotomariidae
parent taxon	Nesophanes fulgidum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Nesophanes.	Nesophanes	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Emydinae are a subfamily of the turtles in the family Emydidae.	Emydinae	Emydidae
parent taxon	Esox is a genus of freshwater fish, the only living genus in the family Esocidae--the esocids which were endemic to North America and Eurasia during the Paleogene through present.	Esox	Esocidae
parent taxon	The Nile lechwe or Mrs Gray's lechwe (Kobus megaceros) is a species of antelope.	Nile lechwe	Kobus
parent taxon	Primnoisis is a genus of deep-sea bamboo coral of the Isididae family.	Primnoisis	Isididae
parent taxon	The Spencer's river tree frog, or Spencer's tree frog or spotted tree frog (Litoria spenceri) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.	Spencer's river tree frog	Litoria
parent taxon	The Saint Vincent blacksnake (Chironius vincenti) is a species of colubrid snake.	Saint Vincent blacksnake	Chironius
parent taxon	Stigmatopora argus (J. Richardson, 1840) (Spotted pipefish) Stigmatopora macropterygia A. H. A. Duméril, 1870 (Long-snouted pipefish) Stigmatopora narinosa Browne & K. Smith, 2007 (Southern Gulf pipefish) Stigmatopora nigra Kaup, 1856 (Wide-bodied pipefish)	Stigmatopora	pipefish
parent taxon	The Temminck's mouse (Mus musculoides) is a species of the genus Mus and of the subgenus Nannomys.	Temminck's mouse	Nannomys
parent taxon	The Serra do Mar tyrannulet (Phylloscartes difficilis) is a small species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.	Serra do Mar tyrannulet	Phylloscartes
parent taxon	The Tamá harlequin frog or Venezuela stubfoot toad (Atelopus tamaense) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Tamá harlequin frog	Atelopus
parent taxon	The Algerian wall gecko (Tarentola neglecta) is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae.	Algerian wall gecko	Tarentola
parent taxon	Cryptocotyle is a genus of trematodes from the family Heterophyidae.	Cryptocotyle	Heterophyidae
parent taxon	Nasiternella is a genus of hairy-eyed craneflies (family Pediciidae) with a Holarctic distribution.	Nasiternella	Pediciidae
parent taxon	Mainwaringia is a genus of sea snails or freshwater snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Littorinidae, the winkles or periwinkles.	Mainwaringia	Littorinidae
parent taxon	The Lesser Sundas goshawk (Accipiter sylvestris) is a bird of prey native to Indonesia.	Lesser Sundas goshawk	Accipiter
parent taxon	Zosterornis is a genus of passerine bird in the Old World babbler family Zosteropidae (Moyle et al., 2009), although some taxonomists continue to place the genus in the Old World babbler family Timaliidae.	Zosterornis	Zosteropidae
parent taxon	The Columbia pebblesnail, scientific name Fluminicola columbiana, is a species of very small freshwater snail that have an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Lithoglyphidae.	Columbia pebblesnail	Fluminicola
parent taxon	Talisia is a genus of 52 species of flowering plants in the soapberry family, Sapindaceae, native to tropical regions of the Americas.	Talisia	Sapindaceae
parent taxon	Gazella psolea is an unusual prehistoric species of gazelle that lived in Africa and Arabia; it is only known from fossils.	Gazella psolea	gazelle
parent taxon	Physaloptera is a genus of parasitic nematodes in the family Physalopteridae.	Physaloptera	Physalopteridae
parent taxon	The Chignahuapan splayfoot salamander or Cope's flat-footed salamander (Chiropterotriton orculus) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.	Chignahuapan splayfoot salamander	Chiropterotriton
parent taxon	Yaldwyn's triplefin, Notoclinops yaldwyni, is a fish of the genus Notoclinops, found around the North Island of New Zealand from low water to depths of about 5 metres, most common in reef areas of broken rock, but nowhere common.	Yaldwyn's triplefin	Notoclinops
parent taxon	Globularia is a genus of about 22 species of flowering plants in the family Plantaginaceae, native to central and southern Europe, Macaronesia, northwest Africa and southwest Asia.	Globularia	Plantaginaceae
parent taxon	The Formosan subterranean termite (Coptotermes formosanus) is an invasive species of termite.	Formosan subterranean termite	Coptotermes
parent taxon	Goniothalamus is one of the largest palaeotropical genera of plant in family Annonaceae.	Goniothalamus	Annonaceae
parent taxon	Aerides, known commonly as cat's-tail orchids and fox brush orchids, is a genus belonging to the orchid family (Orchidaceae) (subfamily Epidendroideae, tribe Vandeae, subtribe Aeridinae).	Aerides	Aeridinae
parent taxon	Tordylium is a genus of flowering plants in the carrot family (Apiaceae).	Tordylium	Apiaceae
parent taxon	Trionyx is a genus of softshell turtles belonging to the family Trionychidae.	Trionyx	Trionychidae
parent taxon	The Malaysian partridge, or Campbell's partridge, (Arborophila campbelli) is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family.	Malaysian partridge	Arborophila
parent taxon	Leurolepas roseola is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets and slit limpets.	Leurolepas roseola	Fissurellidae
parent taxon	The Enggano thrush (Geokichla leucolaema) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae.	Enggano thrush	Geokichla
parent taxon	The Sunda warbler (Seicercus grammiceps) is a species of Old World warbler in the Phylloscopidae (or Sylviidae) family.	Sunda warbler	Seicercus
parent taxon	Banksia is a genus of around 170 species in the plant family Proteaceae.	Banksia	Proteaceae
parent taxon	Puyseguria is a genus of marine bivalve molluscs of the family Neoleptonidae.	Puyseguria	Neoleptonidae
parent taxon	Catharesthes elegans is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Catharesthes.	Catharesthes	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Anchotrechus punctipennis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Anchotrechus.	Anchotrechus	Carabidae
parent taxon	The typical spinetails, Cranioleuca, are a genus of birds in the Furnariidae family.	Cranioleuca	Furnariidae
parent taxon	Actaeon beetle (Megasoma actaeon) is a rhinoceros beetle belonging to the Scarabaeidae family.	Actaeon beetle	Megasoma
parent taxon	Named by Hyatt, 1900, Anahamulina is included in the family Ptychoceratidae, which is part of the Turrilitaceae.	Anahamulina	Ptychoceratidae
parent taxon	Hamaticherus bellator is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Hamaticherus.	Hamaticherus	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Kossmaticeratidae is an extinct ammonoid family belonging to the order Ammonitida.	Kossmaticeratidae	Ammonitida
parent taxon	Benthobatis is a genus of fish in the Narcinidae family with these currently recognized species:	Benthobatis	Narcinidae
parent taxon	Achoerodus gouldii, the western blue groper, is a species of wrasse native to coastal waters of southern Australia from the Houtman Abrolhos in Western Australia to west of Melbourne.	Achoerodus gouldii	blue groper
parent taxon	The Chinese brill, Tephrinectes sinensis, is a species of flatfish in the large-tooth flounder family, Paralichthyidae.	Chinese brill	Tephrinectes
parent taxon	Haddadus is a genus of frogs in the Craugastoridae family.	Haddadus	Craugastoridae
parent taxon	Babakina is in the subfamily Babakininae within the family Flabellinidae in the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, (2005).	Babakina	Flabellinidae
parent taxon	Cephaloplon pedunculatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Cephaloplon.	Cephaloplon	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Bollons' rattail, Coelorinchus bollonsi, is a species of rattail found along the east coast of New Zealand at depths of between 300 and 800 m. Its length is between 10 to 25 cm.	Bollons' rattail	Coelorinchus
parent taxon	Shuaphaenops parvicollis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Shuaphaenops.	Shuaphaenops	Carabidae
parent taxon	Atractosteus spatula Lacépède, 1803 (Alligator gar) Atractosteus tristoechus Bloch & J. G. Schneider, 1801 (Cuban gar) Atractosteus tropicus T. N. Gill, 1863 (Tropical gar)	Atractosteus	gar
parent taxon	Antigrella orissana is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.	Antigrella	Sclerosomatidae
parent taxon	Sternotomis is a genus of beetle belonging to the family Cerambycidae.	Sternotomis	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Nassau grouper (Epinephelus striatus) is one of the large number of perciform fishes in the family Serranidae commonly referred to as groupers.	Nassau grouper	Epinephelus
parent taxon	Detarium is a plant genus of the family Fabaceae (legume family).	Detarium	Fabaceae
parent taxon	The Thread eel (Serrivomer bertini, also known as the Thread sawtooth eel) is an eel in the family Nemichthyidae (snipe eels).	Thread eel	Serrivomer
parent taxon	Xerolirion is a monotypic genus of perennial herbs in the family Asparagaceae, subfamily Lomandroideae.	Xerolirion	Lomandroideae
parent taxon	The Puerto Rican flycatcher (Myiarchus antillarum) is a tyrant flycatcher endemic to the archipelago of Puerto Rico and one of the 22 species belonging to the Myiarchus genus of the Tyrannidae family.	Puerto Rican flycatcher	Myiarchus
parent taxon	The New Zealand scaup (Aythya novaeseelandiae) commonly known as a black teal, is a diving duck species of the genus Aythya.	New Zealand scaup	Aythya
parent taxon	Differences between Hymenocaris and Canadaspis have been used to justify erecting a separate family, Hymenocarididae and order, Hymenostraca for Hymenocaris, although it is also sometimes placed in the family Canadaspididae and the order Canadaspidida.	Hymenocaris	Hymenocarididae
parent taxon	The Bornean banded pitta (Hydrornis schwaneri) is a species of bird in the Pittidae family.	Bornean banded pitta	Hydrornis
parent taxon	The Phylloxeroidea is a small superfamily of the Hemiptera closely related to the aphids, and often traditionally included in the Aphidoidea, which is the sister taxon.	Phylloxeroidea	Hemiptera
parent taxon	Now recognised as a member of the family Spinosauridae, Baryonyx's affinities were obscure when it was discovered.	Baryonyx	Spinosauridae
parent taxon	Sporisorium is a fungus genus in the Ustilaginaceae family.	Sporisorium	Ustilaginaceae
parent taxon	The Recife broad-nosed bat, Platyrrhinus recifinus, is a species of bat from South America.	Recife broad-nosed bat	Platyrrhinus
parent taxon	Eucladoceros (Greek for ``well-branched antler'') or bush-antlered deer is an extinct genus of deer whose fossils have been discovered in Europe, the Middle East and Central Asia.	Eucladoceros	deer
parent taxon	Discoclymeniinae is one of two subfamilies of the Posttornoceratidae family, a member of the Goniatitida order.	Discoclymeniinae	Posttornoceratidae
parent taxon	The Sumatran cochoa (Cochoa beccarii) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae.	Sumatran cochoa	Cochoa
parent taxon	The Oaxacan pocket gopher (Orthogeomys cuniculus) is a species of rodent in the family Geomyidae.	Oaxacan pocket gopher	Orthogeomys
parent taxon	Amblypomacentrus is a small genus of fish in the family Pomacentridae.	Amblypomacentrus	Pomacentridae
parent taxon	Crane fly is a common name referring to any member of the insect family Tipulidae, of the order Diptera, true flies in the superfamily Tipuloidea.	Crane fly	Tipuloidea
parent taxon	Gyrocarpus is a small genus of flowering plants in the Hernandiaceae family with a wide pantropical distribution.	Gyrocarpus	Hernandiaceae
parent taxon	The Manipur bush quail (Perdicula manipurensis) is a species of quail found in India, inhabiting damp grassland, particularly stands of tall grass, in West Bengal, Assam, Nagaland, Manipur, and Meghalaya.	Manipur bush quail	Perdicula
parent taxon	In taxonomy, the Rhodobacteraceae are a family of the Rhodobacterales.	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacterales
parent taxon	Aacanthocnema is a genus of lice from the jumping plant lice family (Triozidae).	Aacanthocnema	Triozidae
parent taxon	Hyphomycetes are a form classification of Fungi, part of what has often been referred to as Fungi imperfecti, Deuteromycota, or anamorphic fungi.	Hyphomycetes	Fungi imperfecti
parent taxon	Nyctereutes is an Old World genus of the family Canidae, consisting of just one living species, the raccoon dog of East Asia.	Nyctereutes	Canidae
parent taxon	The Striped weever, Trachinus lineolatus, is a fish of the Trachinidae family.	Striped weever	Trachinus
parent taxon	The Makira flycatcher (Myiagra cervinicauda), also known as the ochre-tailed flycatcher, is a species of bird in the Monarchidae family.	Makira flycatcher	Myiagra
parent taxon	Tridentarius is a monospecific genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Strombidae, the true conchs.	Tridentarius	Strombidae
parent taxon	The Cape gray mongoose (Galerella pulverulenta), also called the small gray mongoose, is a mongoose endemic to southern Africa.	Cape gray mongoose	Galerella
parent taxon	Typhlonesiotes swaluwenbergi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Typhlonesiotes.	Typhlonesiotes	Carabidae
parent taxon	Reston virus (RESTV) is one of five known viruses within the genus Ebolavirus.	Reston virus	Ebolavirus
parent taxon	Lampyris is a genus of beetle in the firefly family (Lampyridae).	Lampyris	Lampyridae
parent taxon	Barbour's map turtle (Graptemys barbouri ) is a species of turtle in the family Emydidae.	Barbour's map turtle	Graptemys
parent taxon	Australorhipis aphanochila is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Australorhipis.	Australorhipis	Buprestidae
parent taxon	Rhyncogonus is a genus of beetle in family Curculionidae.	Rhyncogonus	Curculionidae
parent taxon	The Kibonde or salmontail catfish, Chrysichthys brachynema, is a Lake Tanganyikan catfish of the family Claroteidae, occasionally kept in aquariums.	Kibonde	Chrysichthys
parent taxon	Hardwicke's woolly bat (Kerivoula hardwickii) is a species of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae.	Hardwicke's woolly bat	Kerivoula
parent taxon	Pyrgophorus is a genus of very small freshwater snails with a gill and an operculum, aquatic gastropod molluscs in the family Hydrobiidae.	Pyrgophorus	Hydrobiidae
parent taxon	Coilopoceras is a compressed, involute, lenticular ammonitid from the Upper Cretaceous with a narrow venter and raggedy ammonitic suture; type of the Coilopoceratidae, a family in the Acanthoceratoidea of the suborder Ammonitina.	Coilopoceras	Coilopoceratidae
parent taxon	Erythrosquilla is a genus of mantis shrimp, placed in its own family (Erythrosquillidae) and superfamily (Erythrosquilloidea) comprising two species:	Erythrosquilla	Erythrosquillidae
parent taxon	The Zeravshan dace (Leuciscus lehmanni) is a species cyprinid fish found mainly in Afghanistan and Uzbekistan.	Zeravshan dace	Leuciscus
parent taxon	The Madagascan lark (Mirafra hova) is a species of lark in the Alaudidae family endemic to Madagascar.	Madagascan lark	Mirafra
parent taxon	Potiapua antonia is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Potiapua.	Potiapua	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Paniai gudgeon (Oxyeleotris wisselensis) is a species of sleeper goby endemic to the Paniai Lakes (absent from Lake Paniai itself, but present in both Lake Tigi and Tage) and their tributaries in West Papua, Indonesia.	Paniai gudgeon	Oxyeleotris
parent taxon	The Ross's gull (Rhodostethia rosea) is a small gull, the only species in its genus, although it has been suggested it should be moved to the genus Hydrocoloeus, which otherwise only includes the little gull.	Ross's gull	Rhodostethia
parent taxon	The Grey-cheeked nunlet (Nonnula frontalis) is a species of puffbird in the Bucconidae family.	Grey-cheeked nunlet	Nonnula
parent taxon	Crocus tommasinianus, the woodland crocus, early crocus, or Tommasini's crocus, often referred to as 'tommies', were named after the botanist Muzio G. Spirito de Tommasini (1794-1879), who was Mayor of the city of Trieste.	Crocus tommasinianus	crocus
parent taxon	Acanthurinae is a subfamily of fish belonging to the family Acanthuridae, including 55 species in four genera.	Acanthurinae	Acanthuridae
parent taxon	Sclater's mouse shrew (Myosorex sclateri) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae endemic to South Africa.	Sclater's mouse shrew	Myosorex
parent taxon	Palmer's tree frog, Hyloscirtus palmeri, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, and Panama.	Palmer's tree frog	Hyloscirtus
parent taxon	Encelia is a genus of the plant family Asteraceae.	Encelia	Asteraceae
parent taxon	Hahncappsia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family, and the order Lepidoptera.	Hahncappsia	Crambidae
parent taxon	Rytidosperma pallidum (syn. Joycea pallida), commonly known as red-anther wallaby grass, is an Australian species of tussock grass found in Victoria, New South Wales and the Australian Capital Territory.	Rytidosperma pallidum	Joycea
parent taxon	The Barahona rock frog or Hispaniola dwarf robber frog (Eleutherodactylus alcoae) is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family that is endemic to southern Hispaniola.	Barahona rock frog	Eleutherodactylus
parent taxon	Thunia is a genus of orchids (family Orchidaceae) and the only genus of the subtribe Thuniinae.	Thunia	Orchidaceae
parent taxon	Phillyrea is a genus of two species of flowering plants in the family Oleaceae, native to the Mediterranean region, and naturalized in the Canary Islands and Madeira.	Phillyrea	Oleaceae
parent taxon	Peters' dwarf epauletted fruit bat (Micropteropus pusillus) is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae.	Peters' dwarf epauletted fruit bat	Micropteropus
parent taxon	Adrianitidae is a family in the Adrianitaceae, a superfamily of ammonites in the cephalopod order, Goniatitida, known from the Middle Pennsylvanian to the Middle Permian.	Adrianitidae	Adrianitaceae
parent taxon	Plasmodium pteropti is a currently (2007) considered to be a species of the genus Hepatocystis rather than Plasmodium.	Plasmodium pteropti	Hepatocystis
parent taxon	Curry's bat (Glauconycteris curryae) is a species of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae.	Curry's bat	Glauconycteris
parent taxon	Cycnogeton is a genus of plants in the family Juncaginaceae described as a genus in 1838.	Cycnogeton	Juncaginaceae
parent taxon	The Cunene labeo or Kunene labeo (Labeo ansorgii) is a species of fish in the family Cyprinidae, the carps and minnows.	Cunene labeo	Labeo
parent taxon	Metaverpulus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.	Metaverpulus	Sclerosomatidae
parent taxon	The Manyas shemaya (Alburnus carinatus) is a species of cyprinid fish in the genus Alburnus.	Manyas shemaya	Alburnus
parent taxon	Whitfieldia is a genus of plant in family Acanthaceae with about 10 species in tropical Africa.	Whitfieldia	Acanthaceae
parent taxon	Gleviceras was described by Buckman in 1918 and is included in the Family Oxynoticeratidae and superfamily Psilocerataceae.	Gleviceras	Oxynoticeratidae
parent taxon	Lophoceras is a Nautilid genus belonging to the tainoceratacean family, Koninckioceratidae, found in Lower Carboniferous sediments in Europe, and named by Hyatt, 1893.	Lophoceras	Koninckioceratidae
parent taxon	Chirixalus is a now-synonymized genus in the moss frog family (Rhacophoridae).	Chirixalus	Rhacophoridae
parent taxon	Drymatus tesselatus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Drymatus.	Drymatus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Myomyrus is a genus of elephantfish in the family Mormyridae.	Myomyrus	Mormyridae
parent taxon	The Mauritius cuckooshrike (Coracina typica) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family.	Mauritius cuckooshrike	Coracina
parent taxon	The West Coast lady (Vanessa annabella) is one of three North American species of brush-footed butterflies known colloquially as the ``painted ladies''.	West Coast lady	Vanessa
parent taxon	The Tricholomataceae are a large family of mushrooms within the Agaricales.	Tricholomataceae	Agaricales
parent taxon	The Caspian kutum (Rutilus kutum) or Caspian White Fish is a member of the family Cyprinidae from brackish water habitats of the Caspian Sea and from its freshwater tributaries.	Caspian kutum	Rutilus
parent taxon	Eucyclidae is an extinct family of fossil gastropods in the superfamily Seguenzioidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Eucyclidae	Seguenzioidea
parent taxon	Odocoileus lucasi, historically incorrectly confused with Navahoceros fricki, and known as the American mountain deer, is an extinct species of North American deer.	American mountain deer	Odocoileus
parent taxon	The Galapagos land iguana (Conolophus subcristatus) is a species of lizard in the family Iguanidae.	Galapagos land iguana	Conolophus
parent taxon	Exosphaeroma is a genus of marine isopod of the family Sphaeromatidae.	Exosphaeroma	Sphaeromatidae
parent taxon	Dussartius baeticus is a species of crustacean in the family Diaptomidae.	Dussartius	Diaptomidae
parent taxon	The Fuegian snipe (Gallinago stricklandii) also known as the cordilleran snipe, is a small stocky wader.	Fuegian snipe	Gallinago
parent taxon	Rimellopsis is a genus of large sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Rostellariidae within the Stromboidea, the true conchs and their allies.	Rimellopsis	Rostellariidae
parent taxon	The Geelvink pygmy tree frog (Litoria pygmaea) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.	Geelvink pygmy tree frog	Litoria
parent taxon	Palaeostoidae is an extinct family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Clausilioidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Palaeostoidae	Clausilioidea
parent taxon	Charadrophila is a genus of flowering plants in the family Stilbaceae described as a genus in 1899.Tropicos, Charadrophila Marloth There is only one known species, Charadrophila capensis, native to the Cape Province region of South Africa.	Charadrophila	Stilbaceae
parent taxon	The Quitabaquito tryonia, scientific name Tryonia quitobaquitae, is a species of small freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.	Quitabaquito tryonia	Tryonia
parent taxon	Bytharia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae with the species which are relatively large for the Sterrhinae subfamily and characterized by pale yellow wings with uniform gray margins and, on the forewing, gray along the costa.	Bytharia	Geometridae
parent taxon	The Graciloceratidae is a family of nautiloid cephalopods from the Middle and Upper Ordovician belonging to the Oncocerida, characterized by exogastric cyrtocones that expand slightly or moderately and have thin walled, orthochoantic marginal or subventral, tubular siphuncles (Sweet 1964).	Graciloceratidae	Oncocerida
parent taxon	Leith's softshell turtle (Nilssonia leithii ) is a species of turtle found in peninsular Indian rivers including the Bhavani, Godavari, and Moyar Rivers.	Leith's softshell turtle	Nilssonia
parent taxon	Lambis is a genus of large sea snails sometimes known as spider conchs, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Strombidae, the true conch family.	Lambis	Strombidae
parent taxon	The New Mexico spadefoot toad (Spea multiplicata) is a species of American spadefoot toad found in the southwestern United States and Mexico.	New Mexico spadefoot toad	Spea
parent taxon	The Hewitson's small tree-nymph (Ideopsis hewitsonii) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily.	Hewitson's small tree-nymph	Ideopsis
parent taxon	Ricinula is a genus of predatory sea snails, marinegastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Ricinula	Muricidae
parent taxon	Platycephalus is a genus of mostly marine, bottom-dwelling fish in the family Platycephalidae.	Platycephalus	Platycephalidae
parent taxon	The Bahamas sawshark, Pristiophorus schroederi, is a sawshark of the family Pristiophoridae, found in the western Central Atlantic Ocean from the Bahamas and Cuba at depths of between 400 and 1,000 m. These sharks are at least 80 cm long.	Bahamas sawshark	Pristiophorus
parent taxon	Helcogrammoides cunninghami, known commonly as the Cunningham's triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Helcogrammoides.	Cunningham's triplefin	Helcogrammoides
parent taxon	The Bering flounder, Hippoglossoides robustus, is a flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae.	Bering flounder	Hippoglossoides
parent taxon	The Bini free-tailed bat (Myopterus whitleyi) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae.	Bini free-tailed bat	Myopterus
parent taxon	Rhaebo is a genus of true toads, family Bufonidae, from Central and South America.	Rhaebo	Bufonidae
parent taxon	Adnatoceras is a mid Devonian to Pennsylvanian orthoconic nautiloid cephalopod included in the pseudorthocerid family Spyroceratidae, characterized by tubular, straight-sided, siphuncle segments that expand abruptly at the septal foremena.	Adnatoceras	Spyroceratidae
parent taxon	Hapunalikevirus (synonym: Hap1likevirus) is a genus of viruses in the family Myoviridae, not assigned to a subfamily.	Hapunalikevirus	Myoviridae
parent taxon	Hoffmannseggia is a genus of flowering plants in the pea family, Fabaceae, known generally as rushpeas.	Hoffmannseggia	Fabaceae
parent taxon	Aclerdidae are a family of Coccoidea, the scale insects.	Aclerdidae	Coccoidea
parent taxon	Trissopelopia is a genus of non-biting midges in the subfamily Tanypodinae of the bloodworm family Chironomidae.	Trissopelopia	Chironomidae
parent taxon	Haemamoeba is a subgenus of the genus Plasmodium -- all of which are parasitic protozoa.	Haemamoeba	Plasmodium
parent taxon	Underwood's bonneted bat (Eumops underwoodi) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae found in Belize, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Mexico, Nicaragua and the southwestern United States.	Underwood's bonneted bat	Eumops
parent taxon	APG III (2009) places Vitaceae in its own order, Vitales.	Vitaceae	Vitales
parent taxon	The Martinique giant ameiva (Ameiva major) was a species of lizard in the Teiidae family.	Martinique giant ameiva	Ameiva
parent taxon	Pingalla midgleyi is a species of fish in the family Terapontidae known by the common names black-blotch grunter and Midgley's grunter.	Midgley's grunter	Pingalla
parent taxon	The Carolinian reed warbler or Caroline Islands reed warbler (Acrocephalus syrinx) is a species of Old World warbler in the Acrocephalidae family.	Carolinian reed warbler	Acrocephalus
parent taxon	The Palawan flying squirrel or bising (Hylopetes nigripes) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	Palawan flying squirrel	Hylopetes
parent taxon	Volvox is a polyphyletic genus of chlorophyte green algae in the family Volvocaceae.	Volvox	Volvocaceae
parent taxon	Yates (2005) assigned Dracovenator to the clade Neotheropoda.	Dracovenator	Neotheropoda
parent taxon	The Central Asian salamander (Ranodon sibiricus) is a species of salamander in the monotypic genus Ranodon of the Hynobiidae family.	Central Asian salamander	Ranodon
parent taxon	Thaumastochilus is a spider genus of the Zodariidae family.	Thaumastochilus	Zodariidae
parent taxon	Picobirnavirus is a genus of dsRNA viruses, the only genus in the family Picobirnaviridae.	Picobirnavirus	Picobirnaviridae
parent taxon	Larches are conifers in the genus Larix, in the family Pinaceae.	Larch	Pinaceae
parent taxon	Tetrophthalmi is an extinct suborder of Opiliones (commonly known as harvestmen or daddy longlegs) that had four eyes.	Tetrophthalmi	Opiliones
parent taxon	Anderson's gerbil, Gerbillus andersoni is a species of gerbils distributed from Tunisia to Israel.	Anderson's gerbil	Gerbillus
parent taxon	Panthera onca onca (Linnaeus, 1758) was proposed as a subspecies of jaguar, before later research failed to find evidence for it.	Panthera onca onca	jaguar
parent taxon	The Mindanao squirrel (Sundasciurus mindanensis) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	Mindanao squirrel	Sundasciurus
parent taxon	Hoplophoneus is an extinct genus of the family Nimravidae, subfamily Nimravinae, endemic to North America during the Late Eocene to Early Oligocene epochs (38--33.3 mya), existing for approximately 3.9 million years.	Hoplophoneus	Nimravidae
parent taxon	Rhizocybe is a mushroom genus in the family Tricholomataceae in the broad sense.	Rhizocybe	Tricholomataceae
parent taxon	The Delhi Sands flower-loving fly (Rhaphiomidas terminatus abdominalis) is a mydid fly in the genus Rhaphiomidas, and the only fly presently on the Endangered Species List.	Delhi Sands flower-loving fly	Rhaphiomidas terminatus
parent taxon	Hintzeia is a trilobite in the order Phacopida (family Pliomeridae), that existed during the lower Ordovician in what is now the United States.	Hintzeia	Pliomeridae
parent taxon	Northern puffer, Sphoeroides maculatus, is a species in the family (()), or pufferfishes.	Northern puffer	Sphoeroides
parent taxon	Aethalops is a genus of megabats in the family Pteropodidae.	Aethalops	Pteropodidae
parent taxon	Dryophthorus Germar, 1824 is a genus of beetle in family Dryophthoridae.	Dryophthorus	Dryophthoridae
parent taxon	Capelio is a genus of flowering plant in the Asteraceae first described as a genus in 1836 with the name Alciope.	Capelio	Asteraceae
parent taxon	Zhuchengceratops shares may features with Leptoceratopsidae as well as other ceratopsian groups such as Ceratopsidae.	Zhuchengceratops	Leptoceratopsidae
parent taxon	Tephrocyon is an extinct genus of the Borophaginae and a small to medium-sized terrestrial canine (bear-dog) which inhabited most of North America during the Barstovian stage of the Middle Miocene 16.3--13.6 Ma, existing for approximately 2.7 million years.	Tephrocyon	Borophaginae
parent taxon	The Haitian edible rat (Brotomys contractus) is an extinct species of rodent in the family Echimyidae.	Haitian edible rat	Brotomys
parent taxon	Brueelia (formerly spelled Brüelia) is a genus of lice in the family Philopteridae, containing the following species:	Brueelia	Philopteridae
parent taxon	Domatoceras is a nautiloid genus and member of the Grypoceratidae from the Pennsylvanian and Permian with a wide spread distribution.	Domatoceras	Grypoceratidae
parent taxon	Nyctaegeria is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family containing only one species, Nyctaegeria nobilis, which is known from Angola and Tanzania.	Nyctaegeria	Sesiidae
parent taxon	The Australian crake, also known as Australian spotted crake, (Porzana fluminea) is a species of bird in the family Rallidae.	Australian crake	Porzana
parent taxon	Flustrina is a suborder under the order Cheilostomata of gymnolaematan Bryozoa (sea mats).	Flustrina	Cheilostomata
parent taxon	Tacheocampylaea is a genus of air-breathing, land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helicidae, the typical snails.	Tacheocampylaea	Helicidae
parent taxon	The Lombok flying fox (Pteropus lombocensis) is a species of megabat in the Pteropus genus.	Lombok flying fox	Pteropus
parent taxon	Stipa coronata, formerly classified as Achnatherum coronatum, is a greenish species of grass known by the common name crested needlegrass, giant ricegrass, and giant stipa.	Achnatherum coronatum	Stipa
parent taxon	† Gyrotoma is a genus of extinct freshwater snails with an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Pleuroceridae.	Gyrotoma	Pleuroceridae
parent taxon	Portulacaria is a genus of succulent plant in the family Didiereaceae, that is indigenous to southern Africa.	Portulacaria	Didiereaceae
parent taxon	The Indo-Pacific shorttail conger (Coloconger scholesi), also known as the short-tail conger, is an eel in the family Colocongridae (worm eels/short-tail eels).	Indo-Pacific shorttail conger	Colocongridae
parent taxon	Mesodma is an extinct genus of mammal, a member of the extinct order Multituberculata within the suborder Cimolodonta, family Neoplagiaulacidae.	Mesodma	Neoplagiaulacidae
parent taxon	Pusillimonas is a genus of Gram-negative oxidase-positive bacteria of the family Alcaligenaceae.	Pusillimonas	Alcaligenaceae
parent taxon	Caesulia is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the aster family, Asteraceae, containing the single species Caesulia axillaris.	Caesulia	Asteraceae
parent taxon	The Cuban solitaire (Myadestes elisabeth), also known as the Cuban nightingale, is a species of bird in the family Turdidae.	Cuban solitaire	Myadestes
parent taxon	The Murray River turtle (Emydura macquarii ) is a wide-ranging species that occurs throughout many of the rivers of the eastern half of Australia.	Murray River turtle	Emydura
parent taxon	Ctenorhachis (Greek for ``comb spine'') is an extinct genus of the family Sphenacodontidae.	Ctenorhachis	Sphenacodontidae
parent taxon	Forficulinae is a subfamily of earwigs in the family Forficulidae.	Forficulinae	Forficulidae
parent taxon	Erycitidae is a family of Lower and Middle Jurassic ammonites included in the Hammatoceratoidea.	Erycitidae	Hammatoceratoidea
parent taxon	Empoasca is a genus of leafhoppers belonging to the family Cicadellidae subfamily Typhlocybinae.	Empoasca	Cicadellidae
parent taxon	Compsodrillia is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Turridae, the turrids.	Compsodrillia	Turridae
parent taxon	The Ohio lamprey (Ichthyomyzon bdellium) is a lamprey found in the Ohio River drainage basin in the United States and is a parasitic species of lampreys.	Ohio lamprey	Ichthyomyzon
parent taxon	Microthyris is a genus of pyraloid moths, belonging to the subfamily Spilomelinae of the grass moth family (Crambidae).	Microthyris	Crambidae
parent taxon	The Ricinidae are a family of a larger group Amblycera of the chewing lice.	Ricinidae	Amblycera
parent taxon	Baliospermum is a genus of plants under the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1825.	Baliospermum	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	Grapevine virus E (GVE) is a plant virus species in the genus Vitivirus.	Grapevine virus E	Vitivirus
parent taxon	Cubaecola hoploderoides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Cubaecola.	Cubaecola	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Palaeophis ('ancient snake') is an extinct genus of marine snake belonging to the family Palaeophiidae.	Palaeophis	Palaeophiidae
parent taxon	Paralichthodinae is a subfamily of flatfish in the Pleuronectidae family.	Paralichthodinae	Pleuronectidae
parent taxon	The Siamese algae eater (Crossocheilus oblongus) is a species of freshwater fish in the carp family, Cyprinidae.	Siamese algae eater	Crossocheilus
parent taxon	Christinus is a genus of Gekkonidae geckos found in southern regions of Australia.	Christinus	geckos
parent taxon	Bajacalia is a genus of three flowering plants in the sunflower family, Asteraceae.	Bajacalia	Asteraceae
parent taxon	The Eoderoceratidae is the ancestral and most primitive family of the Eoderocerataceae; lower Jurassic ammonite cephalopods, characterized by evolute, commonly serpenticonic, shells that had long body chambers and would have had no stable floating position; and thus resemble contemporary Psilocerataceae.	Eoderoceratidae	Eoderocerataceae
parent taxon	Austroglanis is the only genus in the catfish family Austroglanididae.	Austroglanis	Austroglanididae
parent taxon	Antrodiella is a genus of fungi traditionally classified in the family Phanerochaetaceae of the Polyporales, although molecular studies suggest that the Steccherinaceae is a better familial placement.	Antrodiella	Phanerochaetaceae
parent taxon	Bocaparvovirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Parvoviridae, in the subfamily Parvovirinae.	Bocaparvovirus	Parvovirinae
parent taxon	Anachloris is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae, with 3 species, found in Australia, New Zealand and Papua New Guinea.	Anachloris	Geometridae
parent taxon	The Genus Hemichoanella is a small, extinct, orthoconic nautiloid cephalopod from the Lower Ordovician of Western Australia assigned to the orthoceratoid family, Baltoceratidae.	Hemichoanella	Baltoceratidae
parent taxon	The Tagula honeyeater (Meliphaga vicina) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae.	Tagula honeyeater	Meliphaga
parent taxon	Cicuta, commonly known as water hemlock, is a small genus of four species of highly poisonous plants in the family Apiaceae.	Cicuta	Apiaceae
parent taxon	Werner's catfish (Clarias werneri) is a species of airbreathing catfish.	Werner's catfish	Clarias
parent taxon	The Seychelles skink (Trachylepis seychellensis) is a species of skink in the Scincidae family.	Seychelles skink	Trachylepis
parent taxon	The Southern spearnose poacher (Agonopsis sterletus) is a fish in the family Agonidae (poachers).	Southern spearnose poacher	Agonopsis
parent taxon	Parophidion is a genus of cusk-eels found in the Atlantic Ocean.	Parophidion	cusk-eels
parent taxon	Barbaceniopsis is a plant genus in the family Velloziaceae, described as a genus in 1962.	Barbaceniopsis	Velloziaceae
parent taxon	The nearest relatives of Mesolenellus are the species of the genus Mesonacis, with which it constitutes the subfamily Mesonacinae.	Mesolenellus	Mesonacinae
parent taxon	Plumbago is a genus of 10-20 species of flowering plants in the family Plumbaginaceae, native to warm temperate to tropical regions of the world.	Plumbago	Plumbaginaceae
parent taxon	Tirsa is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family, containing only one species Tirsa fiona.	Tirsa	Crambidae
parent taxon	Chaetanthus is a group of plants in the Restionaceae described as a genus in 1810.	Chaetanthus	Restionaceae
parent taxon	The Malaysian honeyguide (Indicator archipelagicus) is a medium-sized, up to 18 cm long, olive-brown honeyguide with greenish streaks, reddish iris, thick grey bill and greyish white below.	Malaysian honeyguide	Indicator
parent taxon	The Mindanao bleeding-heart (Gallicolumba crinigera), also known as Bartlett's bleeding heart dove, Barlett's bleeding heart pigeon and the hair-breasted bleeding heart, is a species of bird in the pigeon family.	Mindanao bleeding-heart	Gallicolumba
parent taxon	Acraspis is a genus of gall wasps in the family Cynipidae, comprising the following species:	Acraspis	Cynipidae
parent taxon	Codia is a genus of trees and shrubs in the family Cunoniaceae.	Codia	Cunoniaceae
parent taxon	The Indian blackbird (Turdus simillimus) is a member of the thrush family Turdidae.	Indian blackbird	Turdus
parent taxon	The Jaliscan cotton rat (Sigmodon mascotensis) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Jaliscan cotton rat	Sigmodon
parent taxon	Older works have usually placed Astianthus in the tribe Tecomeae, but the circumscription of that tribe was greatly revised in 2009.	Astianthus	Tecomeae
parent taxon	Megatylopus (also known as the North American camel) is an extinct and large genus of terrestrial herbivore the family Camelidae, endemic to North America from the Miocene through Late Pliocene--	Megatylopus	Camelidae
parent taxon	The African spotted creeper (Salpornis salvadori) is a small passerine bird, which is a member of the subfamily Salpornithinae of the treecreeper family Certhiidae.	African spotted creeper	Salpornis
parent taxon	Traditionally, Endlicheria was placed near Aniba and the other Lauraceae with two locellate anthers.	Endlicheria	Lauraceae
parent taxon	Hyalorbilia is a genus comprising 10 species of fungi in the family Orbiliaceae.	Hyalorbilia	Orbiliaceae
parent taxon	The Tanzanian shrew (Crocidura tansaniana) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Tanzanian shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	The Korean salamander (Hynobius leechii) is the most common species of salamander on the Korean peninsula, and is also found in nearby provinces of China (Liaoning, Jilin and Heilongjiang) and on Jeju Island.	Korean salamander	Hynobius
parent taxon	Paraxiphodon is an extinct genus of Artiodactyl (family Xiphodontidae) from the Eocene-Lower Oligocene of Europe.	Paraxiphodon	Xiphodontidae
parent taxon	The Canopy chameleon (Furcifer willsii), also known as Will's chameleon, is a species of chameleon that is endemic to Madagascar.	Canopy chameleon	Furcifer
parent taxon	The Zhenhai brown frog (Rana zhenhaiensis) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family found in China and possibly Hong Kong and Macau.	Zhenhai brown frog	Rana
parent taxon	Denhamia is a genus of plants within the family Celastraceae, with all species endemic to eastern and northern Australia.	Denhamia	Celastraceae
parent taxon	The South Georgia diving petrel or Georgian diving-petrel (Pelecanoides georgicus) is a diving petrel, one of four very similar auk-like small petrels of the southern oceans.	South Georgia diving petrel	Pelecanoides
parent taxon	The Visayan hornbill (Penelopides panini) is a hornbill found in rainforests on the islands of Panay, Negros, Masbate, and Guimaras, and formerly Ticao, in the Philippines.	Visayan hornbill	Penelopides
parent taxon	Cephalouterina is a trematode genus within the family Lecithodendriidae under the order Plagiorchiida.	Cephalouterina	Lecithodendriidae
parent taxon	Ashmunella is a genus of small, air-breathing, land snails in the family Polygyridae.	Ashmunella	Polygyridae
parent taxon	The Yaqui chub (Gila purpurea) is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Yaqui chub	Gila
parent taxon	The Supatá golden frog (Ranitomeya sp. nov. ``Supatáe'') is a species of poison dart frog endemic to Colombia.	Supatá golden frog	Ranitomeya
parent taxon	Kerguelenella is a genus of air-breathing sea snails, marine pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Siphonariidae, the false limpets.	Kerguelenella	Siphonariidae
parent taxon	Together with other species from scattered localities in the United States, Japan, and Europe, Apeomyoides is classified in the subfamily Apeomyinae of the extinct rodent family Eomyidae.	Apeomyoides	Apeomyinae
parent taxon	Pyrgodesmidae is a family of flat-backed millipedes in the order Polydesmida.	Pyrgodesmidae	Polydesmida
parent taxon	The Chlamisini form a tribe within the leaf beetle subfamily Cryptocephalinae, though historically they were often treated as a distinct subfamily, Chlamisinae.	Chlamisini	Cryptocephalinae
parent taxon	Heterojinus semilaetanus is a species of beetle in the family Laemophloeidae, the only species in the genus Heterojinus.	Heterojinus	Laemophloeidae
parent taxon	Mormolycina obertheuri is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Mormolycina.	Mormolycina	Carabidae
parent taxon	Froggatt's catfish or the Smallmouthed salmon catfish (Cinetodus froggatti) is a species of sea catfish found in West Papua in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea where it is found in the Purari, Fly, Strickland and Digul River systems as well as in the Roper River system of Northwest Territories, Australia.	Froggatt's catfish	Cinetodus
parent taxon	Ashtonia is a genus of flowering plant belonging to the family Phyllanthaceae first described as a genus in 1968.	Ashtonia	Phyllanthaceae
parent taxon	Allantinae is a subfamily of sawflies in the family Tenthredinidae.	Allantinae	Tenthredinidae
parent taxon	The Western Spanish ibex or Gredos ibex (Capra pyrenaica victoriae) is a vulnerable goat endemic to Spain and Portugal.	Western Spanish ibex	Capra pyrenaica
parent taxon	Halesia, also known as silverbell or snowdrop tree, is a small genus of four or five species of deciduous large shrubs or small trees in the family Styracaceae.	Halesia	Styracaceae
parent taxon	Hartlaub's babbler or Angola babbler (Turdoides hartlaubii) is a species of bird in the Leiothrichidae family.	Hartlaub's babbler	Turdoides
parent taxon	The Newfoundland wolf (Canis lupus beothucus) was a possible subspecies of gray wolf native to Newfoundland.	Newfoundland wolf	gray wolf
parent taxon	The Tetragonoceratidae is a small family of nautilitids constituting a part of the superfamily Tainocerataceae in which shells are coiled with a generally quadrate whorl section.	Tetragonoceratidae	Tainocerataceae
parent taxon	Pseudoomphalina is a genus of fungi in the placed in the family Tricholomataceae for convenience.	Pseudoomphalina	Tricholomataceae
parent taxon	The Himalayan bulbul (Pycnonotus leucogenys) or White-cheeked Bulbul is a species of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family.	Himalayan bulbul	Pycnonotus
parent taxon	Eupterodactyloidea (meaning ``true Pterodactyloidea'') is an extinct clade of pterodactyloid pterosaurs from the earliest Early Cretaceous to the latest Late Cretaceous (Berriasian to Maastrichtian stages) of all continents except Antarctica.	Eupterodactyloidea	Pterodactyloidea
parent taxon	Pupoidopsis is a genus of very small or minute air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Pupillidae.	Pupoidopsis	Pupillidae
parent taxon	Eotrechodes larisae is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Eotrechodes.	Eotrechodes	Carabidae
parent taxon	Tsuga (/ˈsuːɡə/, from Japanese: 栂 (ツガ), the name of Tsuga sieboldii) is a genus of conifers in the pine family Pinaceae.	Tsuga	Pinaceae
parent taxon	In taxonomy, the Chlamydomonadaceae are a family of algae within the order Volvocales.	Chlamydomonadaceae	Volvocales
parent taxon	The Cervinae or the Old World deer (denoting their place of origin, not their current distribution), are a subfamily of deer.	Cervinae	deer
parent taxon	Percilia is a genus of perch-like fish in the Percichthyidae family.	Percilia	Percichthyidae
parent taxon	Moelleriopsis is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.	Moelleriopsis	Seguenzioidea
parent taxon	Geosaurus is an extinct genus of marine crocodyliform within the family Metriorhynchidae, that lived during the Late Jurassic and the Early Cretaceous.	Geosaurus	Metriorhynchidae
parent taxon	Angarioidea is a superfamily of small sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda.	Angarioidea	Vetigastropoda
parent taxon	The Malagasy lapwing (Vanellus madagascariensis) is an extinct wader in the lapwing family.	Malagasy lapwing	Vanellus
parent taxon	The Yungas manakin (Chiroxiphia boliviana) is a species of bird in the Pipridae family.	Yungas manakin	Chiroxiphia
parent taxon	Nissolia, the yellowhoods, is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family, Fabaceae.	Nissolia	Fabaceae
parent taxon	Polia's shrew (Crocidura polia) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Polia's shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	Swans are grouped with the closely related geese in the subfamily Anserinae where they form the tribe Cygnini.	Swan	Anserinae
parent taxon	Atractonotus mulsanti is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Atractonotus.	Atractonotus	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Argentine swamp rat (Scapteromys aquaticus) is a semiaquatic rodent species from South America.	Argentine swamp rat	Scapteromys
parent taxon	The Marlborough green gecko, also known as the Manuka Gecko,Naultinus manukanus, is a small species of gecko endemic to New Zealand.	Marlborough green gecko	Naultinus
parent taxon	The Cuban gnatcatcher (Polioptila lembeyei) is a species of bird in the Polioptilidae family, the gnatcatchers.	Cuban gnatcatcher	Polioptila
parent taxon	Exoglossum is a genus of mound-building freshwater fish of the minnow family (Cyprinidae) containing two species, commonly known as cutlip minnows, although the individual species, particularly Exoglossum maxillingua, are also locally known by that name.	Exoglossum	Cyprinidae
parent taxon	Myoxocephalus is a genus of fish in the sculpin family Cottidae.	Myoxocephalus	Cottidae
parent taxon	Aderus is a genus of leaf beetles of the family Aderidae that resemble ants.	Aderus	Aderidae
parent taxon	The Goliath heron (Ardea goliath), also known as the giant heron, is a very large wading bird of the heron family, Ardeidae.	Goliath heron	Ardea
parent taxon	The Japanese roughshark (Oxynotus japonicus) is a rare species of shark in the family Oxynotidae, known only from a handful of specimens recovered from Suruga Bay and the Enshunada Sea off Japan.	Japanese roughshark	Oxynotus
parent taxon	Dinocardium is a genus of large saltwater clams or cockles, marine bivalve mollusks in the family Cardiidae, the cockles.	Dinocardium	Cardiidae
parent taxon	Actinodium is a genus of the botanical family Myrtaceae, described as a genus in 1836.	Actinodium	Myrtaceae
parent taxon	Lampropeltis getula floridana or the Florida kingsnake is a snake species native to southern Florida.	Florida kingsnake	Lampropeltis getula
parent taxon	The Yangtze giant softshell turtle (Rafetus swinhoei) is an extremely rare species of softshell turtle found in China.	Yangtze giant softshell turtle	Rafetus
parent taxon	The Piedmont ringlet (Erebia meolans) is a member of the Nymphalidae family.	Piedmont ringlet	Erebia
parent taxon	Soletellina is a genus of bivalve molluscs in the family Psammobiidae, known as sunset shells.	Soletellina	Psammobiidae
parent taxon	The Bahia tyrannulet (Phylloscartes beckeri) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.	Bahia tyrannulet	Phylloscartes
parent taxon	The Oriental dwarf kingfisher (Ceyx erithaca), also known as the black-backed kingfisher or three-toed kingfisher, is a species of bird in the family Alcedinidae.	Oriental dwarf kingfisher	Ceyx
parent taxon	The Lake Chala tilapia (Oreochromis hunteri) is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Chala a crater lake on the border of Kenya and Tanzania.	Lake Chala tilapia	Oreochromis
parent taxon	Latrodectus is a genus of spider in the big spider family Theridiidae, most of which are commonly known as widow spiders.	Latrodectus	Theridiidae
parent taxon	Spinosaurus gives its name to the Spinosauridae family of dinosaurs, which includes two subfamilies:	Spinosaurus	Spinosauridae
parent taxon	Myrmephytum is a genus of myrmecophytic flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family.	Myrmephytum	Rubiaceae
parent taxon	Heleia is a genus of bird in the white-eye family Zosteropidae.	Heleia	Zosteropidae
parent taxon	Cheatum's snail also known as the Phantom tryonia, scientific name Tryonia cheatumi, is a species of small freshwater snails with a gill and an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae.	Cheatum's snail	Tryonia
parent taxon	Eumictoxenus is a genus of Tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.	Eumictoxenus	Tephritidae
parent taxon	The Moluccan cuckooshrike (Coracina atriceps) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family.	Moluccan cuckooshrike	Coracina
parent taxon	Celianella is a genus of flowering plant belonging to the family Phyllanthaceae first described as a genus in 1965.	Celianella	Phyllanthaceae
parent taxon	Haidomyrmex is an extinct genus of ants in the formicid subfamily Sphecomyrminae, and is one of only three genera placed in the tribe Haidomyrmecini.	Haidomyrmex	Sphecomyrminae
parent taxon	Bocage's African fat mouse (Steatomys bocagei) is an extant species of rodent indigenous to Angola, the Republic of the Congo, and the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC).	Bocage's African fat mouse	Steatomys
parent taxon	Southern puffer, Sphoeroides nephelus, is a species in the family Tetraodontidae, or pufferfishes.	Southern puffer	Sphoeroides
parent taxon	Amylostereum is the single genus in the fungal family Amylostereaceae.	Amylostereum	Amylostereaceae
parent taxon	Metroxylon is a genus of monoecious flowering plants in the Arecaceae (palm) family, consisting of seven species.	Metroxylon	Arecaceae
parent taxon	Cirrhinus is a genus of fish in the family Cyprinidae, the carps and minnows.	Cirrhinus	Cyprinidae
parent taxon	The Guatemala stream frog, Ptychohyla panchoi, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Guatemala.	Guatemala stream frog	Ptychohyla
parent taxon	Dall's porpoise (Phocoenoides dalli) is a species of porpoise found only in the North Pacific.	Dall's porpoise	Phocoenoides
parent taxon	The Sri Lankan elephant (Elephas maximus maximus) is one of three recognized subspecies of the Asian elephant, and native to Sri Lanka.	Sri Lankan elephant	Asian elephant
parent taxon	Scagea is a genus of plants under the family Picrodendraceae described as a genus in 1986.	Scagea	Picrodendraceae
parent taxon	The Eomoropidae is most likely a paraphyletic group within Chalicotherioidea.	Eomoropidae	Chalicotherioidea
parent taxon	Beloceras is a genus of ammonites included in the family Beloceratidae.	Beloceras	Beloceratidae
parent taxon	Peanut, also known as groundnut (Arachis hypogaea), is a crop of global importance.	Peanut	Arachis
parent taxon	Gulickia is a genus of gastropod in the Achatinellidae family.	Gulickia	Achatinellidae
parent taxon	Later research showed however that Paraprefica had characteristics found only in the family Nyctibiidae, order Caprimulgiformes (the nightjars).	Paraprefica	Nyctibiidae
parent taxon	Mungos is a genus in the mongoose family (Herpestidae).	Mungos	Herpestidae
parent taxon	The New Zealand pea crab, Pinnotheres novaezelandiae, is a small, parasitic crab that lives most commonly inside New Zealand green-lipped mussels.	New Zealand pea crab	Pinnotheres
parent taxon	Eristalis is a large genus of hoverflies, family Syrphidae, in the order Diptera.	Eristalis	Syrphidae
parent taxon	Antilophia is a genus of South American bird in the Pipridae family.	Antilophia	Pipridae
parent taxon	Pachystoma is a genus of orchids (family Orchidaceae).	Pachystoma	Orchidaceae
parent taxon	Bitis gabonica, most commonly known as the Gaboon viper, is a venomous viper species found in the rainforests and savannas of sub-Saharan Africa.	Gaboon viper	Bitis
parent taxon	The Sharpe's longclaw (Hemimacronyx sharpei) is a passerine bird in the longclaw family Motacillidae, which also includes the pipits and wagtails.	Sharpe's longclaw	Hemimacronyx
parent taxon	Brachaluteres is a genus of filefish of the family Monacanthidae.	Brachaluteres	filefish
parent taxon	The Alai mole vole (Ellobius alaicus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Alai mole vole	Ellobius
parent taxon	Notarchus is a genus of sea slugs or sea hares, marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Aplysiidae, the sea hares.	Notarchus	Aplysiidae
parent taxon	Coots are small water birds that are members of the Rallidae (rail) family.	Coot	Rallidae
parent taxon	The Myanmar arowana, Scleropages inscriptus, is a large, bony-tongued fish native to Myanmar.	Myanmar arowana	Scleropages
parent taxon	The describers placed Bolong in Hadrosauroidea.	Bolong	Hadrosauroidea
parent taxon	Psellocoptus is a genus of running spiders (family Corinnidae, formerly Clubionidae) that is endemic to Venezuela.	Psellocoptus	Corinnidae
parent taxon	Sprivivirus is a genus of viruses in the order Mononegavirales, in the family Rhabdoviridae.	Sprivivirus	Rhabdoviridae
parent taxon	The Medeolariales are an order of the class Leotiomycetes within the phylum Ascomycota.	Medeolariales	Leotiomycetes
parent taxon	The Crowley's tiger (Parantica crowleyi) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily.	Crowley's tiger	Parantica
parent taxon	David's fulvetta (Alcippe davidi) is a species of bird in the Pellorneidae family.	David's fulvetta	Alcippe
parent taxon	The Puvel's illadopsis (Illadopsis puveli) is a species of bird in the Pellorneidae family.	Puvel's illadopsis	Illadopsis
parent taxon	The Victorville shoulderband (Helminthoglypta mohaveana) is a species of land snail in the family Helminthoglyptidae.	Victorville shoulderband	Helminthoglypta
parent taxon	The describers assigned Arthurdactylus to the Ornithocheiridae.	Arthurdactylus	Ornithocheiridae
parent taxon	Solemyidae is a family of saltwater clams, marine protobranch bivalve mollusks in the order Solemyoida.	Solemyidae	Solemyoida
parent taxon	The Puerto Rican bullfinch (Loxigilla portoricensis) or comeñame in Spanish, is a small bullfinch tanager endemic to the archipelago of Puerto Rico and one of three species belonging to the genus Loxigilla.	Puerto Rican bullfinch	Loxigilla
parent taxon	The antpipits, Corythopis, are a genus of birds in the Tyrannidae family.	Corythopis	Tyrannidae
parent taxon	Melanthieae is a tribe of flowering plants within the family Melanthiaceae.	Melanthieae	Melanthiaceae
parent taxon	The Little Swan Island hutia (Geocapromys thoracatus) is an extinct species of rodent that lived on the Swan Islands, off north-eastern Honduras in the Caribbean.	Little Swan Island hutia	Geocapromys
parent taxon	The Oriental hobby (Falco severus) is a species of falcon typically 27--30 cm long.	Oriental hobby	Falco
parent taxon	The Trauna River tree frog (Litoria oenicolen) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family, endemic to Papua New Guinea.	Trauna River tree frog	Litoria
parent taxon	Robbins's tateril (Taterillus arenarius) Congo gerbil (Taterillus congicus) Emin's gerbil (Taterillus emini) Gracile tateril (Taterillus gracilis) Harrington's gerbil (Taterillus harringtoni) Lake Chad gerbil (Taterillus lacustris) Petter's gerbil (Taterillus petteri) Senegal gerbil (Taterillus pygargus) Tranieri's tateril (Taterillus tranieri)	Taterillus	gerbil
parent taxon	The Meghalaya danio (Danio meghalayensis) is a recently discovered species of fish from the Meghalaya state, India.	Meghalaya danio	Danio
parent taxon	The Sudell's frog or painted burrowing frog (Neobatrachus sudelli) is a species of burrowing frog common to a large part of southeastern Australia.	Sudell's frog	Neobatrachus
parent taxon	The Malayan banded pitta (Hydrornis irena) is a species of bird in the Pittidae family.	Malayan banded pitta	Hydrornis
parent taxon	The Okavango dwarf gecko or Chobe dwarf gecko (Lygodactylus chobiensis) is a species of gecko found along the Chobe and Zambesi Rivers and into the Okavango Delta, and into Mozambique, Zimbabwe and Zambia.	Okavango dwarf gecko	Lygodactylus
parent taxon	Beau's wrasse, Cirrhilabrus beauperryi, is a species of wrasse native to the western Pacific Ocean.	Beau's wrasse	Cirrhilabrus
parent taxon	Isotrilophus erraticus is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae, the only species in the genus Isotrilophus.	Isotrilophus	Mordellidae
parent taxon	The Yellow-spotted snake eel (Callechelys lutea, also known as the Freckled snake eel) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels).	Yellow-spotted snake eel	Callechelys
parent taxon	The Boyer's cuckooshrike (Coracina boyeri) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family.	Boyer's cuckooshrike	Coracina
parent taxon	The Ibiza rail (Rallus eivissensis) is a recently discovered fossil species of rail, described from a late Pleistocene to Holocene cave deposit at Es Pouàs, on the island of Ibiza.	Ibiza rail	Rallus
parent taxon	The Semper's warbler (Leucopeza semperi) is an extremely rare or possibly extinct New World warbler which is endemic to Saint Lucia, part of the Lesser Antilles.	Semper's warbler	Leucopeza
parent taxon	Enneapterygius unimaculatus, known commonly as the Onespot triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius.	Onespot triplefin	Enneapterygius
parent taxon	The Lulworth skipper (Thymelicus acteon) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family.	Lulworth skipper	Thymelicus
parent taxon	Acetabularia is a genus of green algae, specifically of the Polyphysaceae family, Typically found in subtropical waters, Acetabularia is a single-celled organism, but gigantic in size and complex in form, making it an excellent model organism for studying cell biology.	Acetabularia	Polyphysaceae
parent taxon	Pezizomycotina contains the filamentous ascomycetes and is a subphylum of the Ascomycota (fungi which form their spores in a sac-like ascus).	Pezizomycotina	Ascomycota
parent taxon	The Garman New Guinea tree frog (Litoria jeudii) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.	Garman New Guinea tree frog	Litoria
parent taxon	The Bethylidae are a family of aculeate wasps in the superfamily Chrysidoidea.	Bethylidae	Chrysidoidea
parent taxon	Acangassuini is a beetle tribe in the Cerambycinae subfamily, containing the single genus Acangassu and the single species Acangassu diminuta.	Acangassuini	Cerambycinae
parent taxon	The Australian snubfin dolphin (Orcaella heinsohnri) is a dolphin found off the northern coasts of Australia.	Australian snubfin dolphin	Orcaella
parent taxon	Gonatus is a genus of squid in the family Gonatidae, comprising twelve species, and therefore containing the most species in the family.	Gonatus	Gonatidae
parent taxon	Marathonitidae is the only family in the Marathonitaceae superfamilies.	Marathonitidae	Marathonitaceae
parent taxon	The Peters's epauletted fruit bat (Epomophorus crypturus) is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae.	Peters's epauletted fruit bat	Epomophorus
parent taxon	Fülleborn's boubou (Laniarius fuelleborni) is a species of bird in the Malaconotidae family.	Fülleborn's boubou	Laniarius
parent taxon	The Titicaca orestias (Orestias cuvieri), also known by its native name amanto, is a likely extinct freshwater killifish from Lake Titicaca in South America.	Titicaca orestias	Orestias
parent taxon	Euroleon is an antlion genus in the family Myrmeleontidae.	Euroleon	antlion
parent taxon	Parapachycerina is a genus of small African flies of the family Lauxaniidae.	Parapachycerina	Lauxaniidae
parent taxon	Geomela is a genus containing several small dark beetles in the family Chrysomelidae.	Geomela	Chrysomelidae
parent taxon	Trigenicus is a small extinct genus of Artiodactyla, of the family Protoceratidae, endemic to North America from the Late Eocene epoch (Chadronian stage) 37.2--33.9 Ma, existing for approximately 3.3 million years.	Trigenicus	Protoceratidae
parent taxon	The Cunene horse mackerel (Trachurus trecae) is a species named after mackerel in the family Carangidae.	Cunene horse mackerel	Trachurus
parent taxon	The Straneck's tyrannulet (Serpophaga griseicapilla), also known as the monte tyrannulet and grey-crowned tyrannulet, is a small species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.	Straneck's tyrannulet	Serpophaga
parent taxon	Nauta salamander or Nauta mushroomtongue salamander (Bolitoglossa altamazonica) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.	Nauta salamander	Bolitoglossa
parent taxon	Thermanaeromonas is a genus of bacteria within the family Thermoanaerobacteraceae.	Thermanaeromonas	Thermoanaerobacteraceae
parent taxon	Coosa shiner (Notropis xaenocephalus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Notropis.	Coosa shiner	Notropis
parent taxon	Scutellastra is a genus of sea snails with gills, typical true limpets, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Patellidae, the true limpets.	Scutellastra	Patellidae
parent taxon	Beelzebub's tube-nosed bat (Murina beelzebub) , also Beelzebub bat or demon bat, is a species in the vesper bat family Vespertilionidae, found in the Greater Mekong region of Southeast Asia, specifically the Quảng Trị and Gia Lai provinces of Vietnam.	Beelzebub's tube-nosed bat	Murina
parent taxon	Schidlovsky's vole (Microtus schidlovskii) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Schidlovsky's vole	Microtus
parent taxon	The Burmese yuhina (Yuhina humilis) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family.	Burmese yuhina	Yuhina
parent taxon	Gehyra is a genus of geckos known commonly as web-toed geckos or dtellas.	Gehyra	geckos
parent taxon	The Sardinian warbler (Sylvia melanocephala) is a common and widespread typical warbler from the Mediterranean region.	Sardinian warbler	Sylvia
parent taxon	Together with Eucommia ulmoides the Garryaceae are currently placed by the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group in an own order, the Garryales.	Garryaceae	Garryales
parent taxon	The Maltese palpigrade (Eukoenenia christiani, known as Il-Palpigrad ta' Malta in Maltese), endemic to the Maltese Islands, comes from the order Palpigradi, a rather primitive order of arachnids.	Maltese palpigrade	Eukoenenia
parent taxon	The Anderson's shrew (Suncus stoliczkanus) is a medium-sized species of shrew.	Anderson's shrew	Suncus
parent taxon	Pyropterus is a genus of net-winged beetles belonging to the family Lycidae.	Pyropterus	Lycidae
parent taxon	Liopleurodon belongs to the family Pliosauridae, a clade within Plesiosauria, known from the Jurassic (maybe also from the Cretaceous) of Europe and North America.	Liopleurodon	Pliosauridae
parent taxon	Lobotos is a genus of bird in the cuckooshrike family Campephagidae.	Lobotos	Campephagidae
parent taxon	The Malagasy slit-faced bat, (Nycteris madagascariensis) is a species of slit-faced bat in Madagascar.	Malagasy slit-faced bat	Nycteris
parent taxon	Diplommatinidae is a family of small land snails with an operculum, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Cyclophoroidea.	Diplommatinidae	Cyclophoroidea
parent taxon	Thomas's mosaic-tailed rat (Paramelomys mollis) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Thomas's mosaic-tailed rat	Paramelomys
parent taxon	The San Esteban Island mouse (Peromyscus stephani) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	San Esteban Island mouse	Peromyscus
parent taxon	Myrceugenia is a genus of evergreen woody flowering trees and shrubs belonging to the myrtle family, Myrtaceae, first described as a genus in 1855.	Myrceugenia	Myrtaceae
parent taxon	Theocolax is a parasitic wasps genus in the family Pteromalidae.	Theocolax	Pteromalidae
parent taxon	Uronautes is a dubious genus of extinct plesiosaur from the family Rhomaleosauridae.	Uronautes	Rhomaleosauridae
parent taxon	Scaphytopiini is a tribe of leafhoppers in the subfamily Deltocephalinae.	Scaphytopiini	Deltocephalinae
parent taxon	The Aristideae is the sole tribe of grasses in the monotypic subfamily Aristidoideae of the true grass family Poaceae.	Aristideae	Aristidoideae
parent taxon	The Arfak Mountains frog (Hylarana arfaki) is a species of true frog in the genus Hylarana.	Arfak Mountains frog	Hylarana
parent taxon	Cypseloides is a genus of swift in the Apodidae family.	Cypseloides	Apodidae
parent taxon	Pleuronectinae is a subfamily of fish in the Pleuronectidae family, comprising 27 genera and 62 extant species (there are also fossil species, including two Clidoderma).	Pleuronectinae	Pleuronectidae
parent taxon	The Yapacana antbird (Myrmeciza disjuncta) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae.	Yapacana antbird	Myrmeciza
parent taxon	The Saint Lucia lancehead or Saint Lucia pit viper (Bothrops caribbaeus) is a species of venomous snake which is endemic to the West Indies.	Saint Lucia lancehead	Bothrops
participant of	Kamel Mosaoud or Kamel Masoud (born 2 August 1914-date of death unknown) was an Egyptian football forward who played for Egypt in the 1934 FIFA World Cup.	Kamel Mosaoud	1934 FIFA World Cup
performer	``Crazy Bitch'' is the sixth single by Los Angeles hard rock band Buckcherry, and first from their third album, 15, and first to hit the Billboard Hot 100 chart in the United States, debuting at #99 on May 6, 2006 and peaking at #59.	Crazy Bitch	Buckcherry
place of death	Hubert Pál Álgyay (Szeged, 6 June 1894 -- Budapest, 27 August 1945) was a Hungarian engineer and lecturer.	Hubert Pál Álgyay	Budapest
position held	Maria das Graças Silva Foster ( pronunciation ) (born 26 August 1953), also known as Graça Foster, is a Brazilian business executive and chemical engineer.	Maria das Graças Silva Foster	chemical engineer
position held	Anthelm of Belley (1107--1178) was a prior of the Carthusian Grand Chartreuse and bishop of Belley.	Anthelm of Belley	bishop
position held	Rt Rev John Bilsborrow was bishop of the Roman Catholic diocese of Salford, in England, from 1892 to 1903.	John Bilsborrow	bishop
position held	Jean-Baptiste de Belloy (9 October 1709, Morangles, Diocese of Beauvais -- Paris, 10 June 1808) was an Archbishop of Paris and cardinal of the Catholic Church.	Jean-Baptiste de Belloy	cardinal
position held	Montek Singh Ahluwalia (born 24 November 1943) is an Indian economist and civil servant who was the Deputy Chairman of the Planning Commission of the Republic of India, a position which carries the rank of a Cabinet Minister.	Montek Singh Ahluwalia	Deputy Chairman of the Planning Commission
position held	Ramón José de Arce y Rebollar (1757 -- 1844) was a Spanish churchman who served as Archbishop of Burgos from 1797 to 1801; as Grand Inquisitor of the Spanish Inquisition from 1797 to 1808; as Archbishop of Zaragoza from 1800 to 1816; and as Patriarch of the West Indies from 1806 to 1815.	Ramón José de Arce	Grand Inquisitor
position held	Nicolai Johan Lohmann Krog (6 July 1787 -- 15 October 1856) was First Minister of Norway (1836-1855).	Nicolai Johan Lohmann Krog	First Minister
position held	Ebrahim Rasool was the Premier of the Western Cape province from 2004 to 2008.	Ebrahim Rasool	Premier of the Western Cape
position held	Agostino Casaroli (24 November 1914 -- 9 June 1998) was an Italian Catholic priest and diplomat for the Holy See, who became Cardinal Secretary of State.	Agostino Casaroli	Cardinal Secretary of State
position held	Aleksandar Tijanić (Serbian Cyrillic: Александар Тијанић; 13 December 1949 -- 28 October 2013) was a Serbian journalist and director of the country's public broadcaster Radio Television of Serbia from 2004 to 2013.	Aleksandar Tijanić	Radio Television of Serbia
position held	Robert Murray Smith, usually known as Murray Smith, CMG MA (29 October 1831 -- 31 August 1921), was a member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly and Agent-General for Victoria (Australia).	Robert Murray Smith	member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly
position held	Roderick Lewis Macdonald MA, PhD, MSP (born 1 January 1957) is a Scottish Labour politician and regional list Member of the Scottish Parliament for North East Scotland since 2011.	Lewis Macdonald	Member of the Scottish Parliament
position held	Jedediah Morgan was a member of the New York State Senate (7th D.) from 1824 to 1826, sitting in the 47th, 48th and 49th New York State Legislatures.	Jedediah Morgan	member of the New York State Senate
position held	Godfrey Ludham (or Godfrey de Ludham or Godfrey Kineton; died 1265) was Archbishop of York from 1258 to 1265.	Godfrey Ludham	Archbishop of York
position held	Meine Pit (9 November 1931 -- 1 February 2014) was a Dutch politician, he served at different times as a member of the Senate of the Netherlands, and States-Provincial of Gelderland between 1976 and 1999 for the Labour Party.	Meine Pit	member of the Senate of the Netherlands
position held	Nicolò Sagredo (December 8, 1606 -- August 14, 1676) was the 105th Doge of Venice, reigning from February 6, 1675 until his death less than two years later.	Nicolò Sagredo	Doge of Venice
position held	Hermann Jónasson (25 December 1896 -- 22 January 1976) was an Icelandic politician of the Progressive Party, who was Prime Minister of Iceland on two occasions.	Hermann Jónasson	Prime Minister of Iceland
position held	Maria de Luna (1358 -- Villarreal, 20 December 1406), was a queen consort of Aragon, as the spouse of King Martin I of Aragon.	Maria de Luna	queen consort
position held	Gnaeus Domitius Calvinus Maximus was a consul of the Roman Republic in 283 BC.	Gnaeus Domitius Calvinus Maximus	consul of the Roman Republic
position held	Hailemariam Desalegn also served as the Chairperson of the African Union from 2013 to 2014.	Hailemariam Desalegn	Chairperson of the African Union
position held	James Michael Curley (November 20, 1874 -- November 12, 1958) was an American politician famous for his four terms as Democratic Mayor of Boston, Massachusetts, and one term as Governor of Massachusetts.	James Michael Curley	Governor of Massachusetts
position held	Saint Sulien, Sulian, or Silin was the reputed 6th-century founder-abbot of a monastery at Luxulyan in Cornwall.	Saint Sulien	abbot
position held	Karen Gillon, née Turnbull (born 18 August 1967, Edinburgh) is a Scottish Labour politician, and was Member of the Scottish Parliament for Clydesdale from 1999 to 2011.	Karen Gillon	Member of the Scottish Parliament
position held	John Joseph Williams was an American bishop of the Roman Catholic Church.	John Joseph Williams	bishop
position held	Romanos III Argyros, or Romanus III Argyrus (Greek: Ρωμανός Γ΄ Αργυρός, Rōmanos III Argyros; 968 -- 11 April 1034), was Byzantine emperor from 15 November 1028 until his death.	Romanos III Argyros	emperor
position held	In 1500, Jakob von Baden's uncle, John II of Baden, Archbishop of Trier, had Jakob named his coadjutor archbishop, with the understanding that Jakob von Baden would succeed Johann von Baden as archbishop.	Jakob von Baden	archbishop
position held	Sidney Perham (March 27, 1819 -- April 10, 1907) was a U.S. Representative and the 33rd Governor of Maine and was an activist in the temperance movement.	Sidney Perham	Governor of Maine
position held	Muhammad Naji al-Otari (Arabic: محمد ناجي عطري‎ Muḥammad Nājī al-`Uṭrī also Etri, Itri and Otri) (born 1944) is a Syrian politician who was Prime Minister of Syria from 2003 to 2011.	Muhammad Naji al-Otari	Prime Minister of Syria
position held	Silas Ephraim Obot (October 6, 1936 -- April 12, 2009) was the Nigeria bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Idah on Nigeria from his appointment on December 17, 1977, until his death in 2009.	Ephraim Obot	bishop
position held	Elmer Thomas was not a candidate for renomination in 1926, having become a candidate for United States Senator; elected as a Democrat to the United States Senate in 1926, defeating former governor Jack Walton.	Elmer Thomas	United States Senator
position held	Roh Tae-woo (Korean pronunciation: (no tʰɛ.u); born December 4, 1932) is a former South Korean politician and ROK Army general who served as the 6th President of South Korea from 25 February 1988 to 25 February 1993.	Roh Tae-woo	President of South Korea
position held	Kanishka I (Sanskrit: कनिष्क; Bactrian: Κανηϸκι, Kaneshki; Middle Chinese: 迦腻色伽 (Ka-ni-sak-ka > New Chinese: Jianisejia)), or Kanishka the Great, was the emperor of the Kushan dynasty in the second century (c. AD 127--163).	Kanishka	emperor
position held	José Lai Hung-seng (Chinese: 黎鴻昇; born in Macau, 14 January 1946) is the Roman Catholic BishopoEmertiusf Macau, the first born in the diocese and the second Chinese bishop (the first is Domingos Lam).	José Lai	bishop
position held	Thomas Watt Gregory (November 6, 1861 -- February 26, 1933) was a political progressive and American attorney who served as United States Attorney General from 1914 to 1919, during President Woodrow Wilson's administration.	Thomas Watt Gregory	United States Attorney General
position held	John Tillotson (October 1630 -- 22 November 1694) was the Anglican Archbishop of Canterbury from 1691 to 1694.	John Tillotson	Archbishop of Canterbury
position held	Gabriel Tammelin (Gabriel Laurentii, Tammelensis, Tammelinus, February 24, 1641 - August 2, 1698) was vicar of Lohja, and a collector and translator of Finnish proverbs.	Gabriel Tammelin	vicar
position held	Ioannis Marangos (Greek: Ιωάννης Μαραγκός, Italian: Giovanni Marango; 31 March 1833 in Ano Syros -- 17 December 1891 in Smyrna), was a Roman Catholic archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Athens.	Ioannis Marangos	archbishop
position held	Marlyn Glen (born 30 September 1951, Dundee) is a Scottish Labour politician, and was Member of the Scottish Parliament for North East Scotland region from 2003 to 2011.	Marlyn Glen	Member of the Scottish Parliament
position held	Richard Elsner (May 29, 1859 - January 18, 1938) was an American attorney and judge from Milwaukee, Wisconsin who served one term as a Socialist member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.	Richard Elsner	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Edward Nager (July 22, 1927) is an American lawyer and politician who served six terms as a Democratic member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Madison, Wisconsin.	Edward Nager	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Ugo Pietro Spinola (29 June 1791 -- 21 January 1858) was a Catholic cardinal and was Apostolic Nuncio to Austria and camerlengo of the Sacred College of Cardinals.	Ugo Pietro Spinola	cardinal
position held	Lucius Minucius Esquilinus Augurinus, son of Publius, was consul of the Roman Republic with Gaius Nautius Rutilus in 458 BC. Minucius was ordered to bring his army against the Aequi camped near Tusculum.	Lucius Minucius Esquilinus Augurinus	consul of the Roman Republic
position held	Symphorian Thomas Keeprath (22 April 1931 Kadaplamattom, Kottayam, Kerala -- 3 May 2015) was an Indian Roman Catholic bishop.	Symphorian Thomas Keeprath	bishop
position held	Steingrímur Hermannsson (pronounced (ˈsteinkrimur ˈhɛrmanˌsɔn)) (22 June 1928 -- 1 February 2010) was an Icelandic politician who served as Prime Minister of Iceland from 1983 to 1987, and again from 1988 to 1991.	Steingrímur Hermannsson	Prime Minister of Iceland
position held	Saint Cerbonius (Cerbo, Italian: San Cerbone, San Cerbonio) (d. 575 AD) was a bishop of Populonia during the Barbarian invasions.	Cerbonius	bishop
position held	Eric Chu (Chinese: 朱立倫; pinyin: Zhū Lìlún; born on 7 June 1961) is a Taiwanese politician and the incumbent Mayor of New Taipei.	Eric Chu	Mayor of New Taipei
position held	Dimitris Reppas (Greek: Δημήτρης Ρέππας; born July 6, 1952 in Leonidio, Arcadia) is a Greek politician of the Movement of Democratic Socialists and a current Member of the Hellenic Parliament.	Dimitris Reppas	Member of the Hellenic Parliament
position held	Isaac C. Evans (born January 17, 1879 in Spring Green, Wisconsin) was a Democratic member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.	Isaac C. Evans	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Boniface Tshosa Setlalekgosi (born 14 September 1927) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Diocese of Gaborone, Botswana, from 1981 until 2009.	Boniface Tshosa Setlalekgosi	bishop
position held	Prospero Colonna di Sciarra (January 17, 1707 -- April 20, 1765) was an Italian cardinal of the family of the dukes of Carbognano.	Prospero Colonna di Sciarra	cardinal
position held	Marcus Baebius Tamphilus was a consul of the Roman Republic in 181 BC along with P. Cornelius Cethegus.	Marcus Baebius Tamphilus	consul of the Roman Republic
position held	Ben Boo (born January 1925) is former Minnesota politician who served as the 33rd mayor of Duluth from 1967--1975, and as a member of the Minnesota House of Representatives representing District 8B from 1984-1993.	Ben Boo	member of the Minnesota House of Representatives
position held	Erhard Egidi (23 April 1929 -- 8 September 2014) was a German cantor, organist and composer of sacred music.	Erhard Egidi	cantor
position held	Mihaela Popa has been a member of the Senate of Romania since 2008.	Mihaela Popa	member of the Senate of Romania
position held	John Washington Butler (December 17, 1875 -- September 24, 1952) was an American farmer and a member of the Tennessee House of Representatives from 1923-1927.	John Washington Butler	member of the Tennessee House of Representatives
position held	Wong Siu-yee, BBS, JP (born 4 July 1953, Hong Kong) was the member of the Provisional Legislative Council and the Kowloon City District Board member (1985--2003) and Urban Council (1991--94).	Wong Siu-yee	member of the Provisional Legislative Council
position held	Báetán moccu Chormaic, abbot of Clonmacnoise, died 1 March 664.	Báetán moccu Chormaic	abbot
position held	José E. Benedicto was the Treasurer of Puerto Rico, and briefly served as acting Governor of Puerto Rico in 1921.	José E. Benedicto	Governor of Puerto Rico
position held	Thamphthis is the hellenized name of an ancient Egyptian ruler (pharaoh) of the 4th dynasty in the Old Kingdom, who may have ruled around 2500 BC under the name Djedefptah for between two to nine years.	Thamphthis	pharaoh
position held	Arthur J. Balzer (March 6, 1895 - January 31, 1962) was an American merchant and lecturer from West Allis, Wisconsin who served several terms as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Milwaukee County, first in the 1930s and again for a single term in the 1950s.	Arthur J. Balzer	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Mary Sue Coleman (born Wilson; October 2, 1943) was the 13th President of the University of Michigan.	Mary Sue Coleman	President of the University of Michigan
position held	Even before his consecration as bishop, Altfrid had been active in the foundation of several female religious communities.	Altfrid	bishop
position held	Abdou Diouf ( pronunciation AHB-doo D-YOO-F; Serer: Abdu Juuf; born September 7, 1935) is a Senegalese politician who served as the second President of Senegal from 1981 to 2000.	Abdou Diouf	President of Senegal
position held	Tamás Bakócz (1442 Erdőd -- 15 June 1521, Esztergom) was a Hungarian archbishop, cardinal and statesman.	Tamás Bakócz	archbishop
position held	Rudolph W. E. Fritzke (born October 7, 1849 in Germany), was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.	Rudolph W. E. Fritzke	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	In 1951, Pope Pius XII appointed Corrado Ursi bishop of Nardò, a post that he held for 10 years.	Corrado Ursi	bishop
position held	Gaius Caecilius Metellus Caprarius (b. ca. 160 BC) was a consul of the Roman Republic in 113 BC with Gnaeus Papirius Carbo.	Gaius Caecilius Metellus Caprarius	consul of the Roman Republic
position held	Mohamed Beji Caid Essebsi (or es-Sebsi, Arabic: محمد الباجي قائد السبسي‎, Muhammad al-Bājī Qā’id as-Sibsī; born 29 November 1926) is a Tunisian politician who has been President of Tunisia since December 2014.	Beji Caid Essebsi	President of Tunisia
position held	Claude Jeannerot (born April 10, 1945) was a member of the Senate of France, representing the Doubs department.	Claude Jeannerot	member of the Senate of France
position held	Severo Aparicio Quispe, O. de M., (October 8, 1923 -- May 6, 2013) was a Peruvian friar of the Mercedarian Order who was made a bishop of the Catholic Church.	Severo Aparicio Quispe	bishop
position held	Gabriel Acacius Coussa (August 3, 1897 -- July 29, 1962) was a Syrian Melkite Catholic archbishop, expert in canon law and cardinal.	Gabriel Acacius Coussa	cardinal
position held	Ernest Dewey Gleason, known as E. D. Gleason (September 9, 1899 -- July 25, 1959), was a Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from the Evergreen Community north of Minden in Webster Parish in northwestern Louisiana.	E. D. Gleason	member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
position held	Gaspar de Borja y Velasco (26 June 1580 -- 28 December 1645) was a Spanish cardinal, ecclesiastic and politician.	Gaspar de Borja y Velasco	cardinal
position held	Cameron Sexton is a Republican member of the Tennessee House of Representatives for the 25th district and Majority Party Whip, encompassing Crossville, Cumberland County, Monterey, Tennessee, and Spencer, Tennessee.	Cameron Sexton	member of the Tennessee House of Representatives
position held	Federico Frezzi (Foligno, 14th century - Konstanz, 1416) was Italian poet and bishop.	Federico Frezzi	bishop
position held	Carlo Contarini (Venice, July 5, 1580 -- Venice, May 1, 1656) was the 100th Doge of Venice, reigning from his election on March 27, 1655 until his death a little over a year later.	Carlo Contarini	Doge of Venice
position held	William John McNaughton, M.M.,나길모 굴리엘모, (born December 7, 1926) is an American-born Catholic missionary and bishop.	William John McNaughton	bishop
position held	William F. Collum (1812-September 19, 1866) was a surgeon and politician of Jeffersonville, Indiana in which he served on the city council and as mayor.	William F. Collum	mayor
position held	Edda Ceccoli (26 June 1947) was Captain Regent of San Marino from 1 October 1991 to 1 April 1992.	Edda Ceccoli	Captain Regent of San Marino
position held	Henry Bowet (died 20 October 1423) was both Bishop of Bath and Wells and Archbishop of York.	Henry Bowet	Archbishop of York
position held	Edward H. Kiefer (May 1, 1874--April 14, 1951) was an American house painter who served seven terms (1911--1914 and 1931--40) as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly representing Milwaukee.	Edward H. Kiefer	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Nissim Dahan (Hebrew: נסים דהן‎, born 7 May 1954) is a former Israeli politician who served as Minister of Health from 2001 until 2003.	Nissim Dahan	Minister of Health
position held	Gelo now ruled as the new tyrant of Syracuse and left his brother Hiero to rule over Gela.	Gelo	tyrant of Syracuse
position held	Michael Hughes Kenny (June 26, 1937 - February 19, 1995) was a 20th-century bishop in the Catholic Church in the United States.	Michael Hughes Kenny	bishop
position held	Fred Durhal, Jr. (born 1951) was a member of the Michigan House of Representatives.	Fred Durhal, Jr.	member of the Michigan House of Representatives
position held	Djet, also known as Wadj, Zet, and Uadji (in Greek possibly the pharaoh known as Uenephes or possibly Atothis), was the fourth Egyptian pharaoh of the first dynasty.	Djet	pharaoh
position held	Adeodato Giovanni Piazza, O.C.D. (30 September 1884 -- 30 November 1957) was an Italian friar of the Discalced Carmelite Order, who became a cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church, and Patriarch of Venice, as well as a member of the Roman Curia in Vatican City.	Adeodato Giovanni Piazza	cardinal
position held	Frederick Peters (April 8, 1851 -- July 29, 1919) was a lawyer and Prince Edward Island politician, who served as the sixth Premier of Prince Edward Island.	Frederick Peters	Premier of Prince Edward Island
position held	Netjerkare Siptah (also Neitiqerty Siptah and Nitocris) was an Ancient Egyptian pharaoh, the seventh and last ruler of the 6th Dynasty.	Netjerkare Siptah	pharaoh
position held	Berardo Eroli (1409--1479) (called the Cardinal of Spoleto) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal.	Berardo Eroli	cardinal
position held	Sanji Mmasenono Monageng (born 1950) has been a judge of the International Criminal Court (ICC) since 2009.	Sanji Mmasenono Monageng	judge of the International Criminal Court
position held	Giuseppe Cozza-Luzi (24 December 1837 -- 1 June 1905) was an Italian savant and abbot of the Basilian monastery of Grottaferrata near Rome.	Giuseppe Cozza-Luzi	abbot
position held	Edwald (or Edwaldus) was Archbishop of York for a time, in the year 971.	Edwald	Archbishop of York
position held	Konstantinos Skourletis (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Σκουρλέτης, died 1888) was a Greek politician and a mayor of Patras.	Konstantinos Skourletis	mayor
position held	Ansgar Bethge was Inspector of the Navy from 1980 to 1985.	Ansgar Bethge	Inspector of the Navy
position held	Juho Kusti Paasikivi ((ˈjuɦo ˈkusti ˈpɑːsiˌkiʋi); November 27, 1870 -- December 14, 1956) was the seventh President of Finland (1946--1956).	Juho Kusti Paasikivi	President of Finland
position held	Gordon Slynn, Baron Slynn of Hadley GBE PC QC (17 February 1930 -- 7 April 2009) was a British jurist specialising in European and International Law, and a former judge of the European Court of Justice and Lord of Appeal in Ordinary.	Gordon Slynn, Baron Slynn of Hadley	European Court of Justice
position held	Théodore-Adrien Sarr (born 28 November 1936) is a Senegalese cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.	Théodore-Adrien Sarr	cardinal
position held	Ratchis (Rachis - Raditschs - Radics - Radiks, there are various spellings) was the Duke of Friuli (739-744) and King of the Lombards (744-749).	Ratchis	Duke of Friuli
position held	Cassius McDonald Barnes (August 25, 1845 -- February 18, 1925) was a soldier in the Union army in the American Civil War, and a lawyer and Republican politician who served as the 4th Governor of Oklahoma Territory.	Cassius McDonald Barnes	Governor of Oklahoma
position held	Albert Reynolds (3 November 1932 -- 21 August 2014) was an Irish politician who was Taoiseach of Ireland, serving from February 1992 to December 1994.	Albert Reynolds	Taoiseach
position held	William A. Collins (born 1935, Norwalk, Connecticut) is a Democratic former two-term member of the Connecticut House of Representatives from the 140th assembly district and four term mayor of Norwalk, Connecticut from 1977 to 1981 and from 1983 to 1987.	William A. Collins	member of the Connecticut House of Representatives
position held	Monsignor Crescente Errázuriz Valdivieso (November 18, 1839 -- July 5, 1931) was a Chilean Dominican friar, Roman Catholic archbishop of Santiago, professor, writer and historian.	Crescente Errázuriz	archbishop
position held	Mallam Isa Yuguda was elected Governor of Bauchi State, Nigeria in April 2007 on the All Nigeria Peoples Party (ANPP) platform.	Isa Yuguda	Governor of Bauchi State
position held	Adolphe-Maria Gustave Hardy (July 23, 1920 -- August 9, 2011) was a French prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as bishop of the Diocese of Beauvais, France from 1985 to 1995.	Adolphe-Maria Gustave Hardy	bishop
position held	Stephen Naidoo, C.Ss.R. (29 October 1937 -- 1 July 1989), was a South African Redemptorist and archbishop of the Roman Catholic Church.	Stephen Naidoo	archbishop
position held	Ron Stephens (born 1948) is a former Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives, representing the 102nd district from 1985 to 1991, and from 1993 until 2011 when he announced his retirement.	Ron Stephens	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
position held	Sir Charles Petrie, 1st Baronet (1853 -- 9 July 1920) was a Scottish businessman and local politician, Lord Mayor of Liverpool in 1901--2.	Sir Charles Petrie, 1st Baronet	Lord Mayor of Liverpool
position held	William Lyman Smith (February 12, 1878 -- ?) was a teacher and businessman from Neillsville, Wisconsin who served one term as a Republican member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, in 1917, and two terms as a member of the Wisconsin State Senate, 1921-1927.	William Lyman Smith	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly	member of the Wisconsin State Senate
position held	Henry Gower (aka Henry de Gower) was a medieval canonist, college Fellow, university Chancellor, and bishop.	Henry Gower	bishop
position held	Guthrum II was, according to some reconstructions, a King of East Anglia in the early tenth century.	Guthrum II	King of East Anglia
position held	Mikko Pesälä (born 30 November 1938, Iitti) is a Finnish ex-politician and a former Finnish member of the European Parliament.	Mikko Pesälä	member of the European Parliament
position held	Hubert Constant (September 18, 1931 -- September 23, 2011) was the Roman Catholic metropolitan archbishop of Cap-Haïtien.	Hubert Constant	archbishop
position held	Manuel António Mendes dos Santos (born 20 March 1960) has been the Roman Catholic bishop of the Diocese of São Tomé and Príncipe since 1 December 2006.	Manuel António Mendes dos Santos	bishop
position held	Paweł Samecki (born 12 March 1958 in Łódź) is Polish economist and served as the European Commissioner for Regional Policy (2009--10).	Paweł Samecki	European Commissioner for Regional Policy
position held	Andrzej Krzycki herbu Kotwicz (Krzycko Małe, 7 July 1482 -- † Skierniewice, 10 May), 1537) was a Renaissance Polish writer and archbishop.	Andrzej Krzycki	archbishop
position held	Andrew Turnbull, Baron Turnbull, KCB, CVO (born 21 January 1945) was the head of Her Majesty's Civil Service and Cabinet Secretary between 2002 and 2005 when he was succeeded by Sir Gus O'Donnell.	Andrew Turnbull, Baron Turnbull	Cabinet Secretary
position held	Gordon Bates (born 16 March 1934) was the eighth Bishop of Whitby.	Gordon Bates	Bishop of Whitby
position held	Jadranka Kosor (pronounced (jǎdraːnka kɔ̂sɔr); born 1 July 1953) is a Croatian politician who served as Prime Minister of Croatia from 2009 to 2011, having taken office following the sudden resignation of her predecessor Ivo Sanader.	Jadranka Kosor	Prime Minister of Croatia
position held	Fazal Ilahi Chaudhry English IPA: fəzɛl ɪllɑɦi t͡ʃɒɪdɾɪ (Punjabi, Urdu: فضل الہی چودہری‎; 1 January 1904 -- 2 June 1982), was the fifth President of Pakistan, serving from 1973 until 1978, prior to the martial law led by Chief of Army Staff General Zia-ul-Haq.	Fazal Ilahi Chaudhry	President of Pakistan
position held	So the enfranchised capitular canons, which were mostly Lutherans since the Reformation, of Bremen Cathedral and Hamburg Cathedral chapter (with only three votes) elected Henry of Saxe-Lauenburg archbishop on 17 February 1567.	Henry of Saxe-Lauenburg	archbishop
position held	Ellen Cohen was a Democratic member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 134 from 2007 to 2011 and is a current member of the Houston City Council.	Ellen Cohen	member of the Texas House of Representatives
position held	Count Robert Henrik Rehbinder (15 July 1777 -- 8 March 1841) was the Secretary of State for the Grand Duchy of Finland between 1811 and 1841.	Robert Henrik Rehbinder	Secretary of State
position held	Harry Chadwick (born 13 November 1930 in Toronto, Ontario) was a member of the House of Commons of Canada from 1988 to 1993.	Harry Chadwick	member of the House of Commons of Canada
position held	Joseph M. Lyons is a former Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives, representing the 19th District since being elected in November 1996.	Joseph M. Lyons	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
position held	Ram Sundar Das (Hindi: राम सुन्दर दास; 9 January 1921 -- 6 March 2015) was an Indian politician and a former Chief Minister of Bihar state.	Ram Sundar Das	Chief Minister of Bihar
position held	Qazi Muhammad (Kurdish: Qazî Mihemed) (1893--1947) was a Kurdish leader and the head of the Republic of Kurdistan (Republic of Mahabad), the second modern self declared Kurdish state in the Middle East (after the Republic of Ararat).	Qazi Muhammad	Republic of Mahabad
position held	Kim Young-sam (Hangul: 김영삼; hanja: 金泳三; Korean pronunciation: (kim jʌŋsʰam); 20 December 1927 -- 22 November 2015) was a South Korean politician and democratic activist, who served as the seventh President of South Korea from 1993 to 1998.	Kim Young-sam	President of South Korea
position held	William Sancroft (30 January 1617 -- 24 November 1693) was the 79th Archbishop of Canterbury, and was one of the Seven Bishops imprisoned in 1688 for seditious libel against King James II, over his opposition to the king's Declaration of Indulgence.	William Sancroft	Archbishop of Canterbury
position held	Andrés Pastrana Arango (born 17 August 1954) was the 30th President of Colombia from 1998 to 2002, following in the footsteps of his father, Misael Pastrana Borrero, who was president from 1970 to 1974.	Andrés Pastrana Arango	President of Colombia
position held	The Jingtai Emperor (景泰 IPA: (tɕìŋtʰâɪ)) (21 September 1428 -- 14 March 1457), born Zhu Qiyu, was Emperor of China from 1449 to 1457.	Jingtai Emperor	Emperor of China
position held	Sukhdev Singh Dhindsa (born 9 April 1936 in Punjab) is a member of the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Parliament of India.	Sukhdev Singh Dhindsa	member of the Rajya Sabha
position held	Thutmose I (sometimes read as Thothmes, Thutmosis or Tuthmosis I, meaning Thoth-Born) was the third pharaoh of the 18th dynasty of Egypt.	Thutmose I	pharaoh
position held	Archbishop Virgil Patrick Copas KBE MSC (19 March 1915 -- 3 October 1993) was archbishop of Kerema and Port Moresby, both in Papua New Guinea.	Virgil Patrick Copas	archbishop
position held	Christ M. Stauffer (May 25, 1896 - October 15, 1963) was an American Republican member of the Wisconsin State Assembly in the late 1950s and early 1960s.	Christ M. Stauffer	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Evan Mecham (/ˈmiːkəm/ MEE-kəm; May 12, 1924 -- February 21, 2008) was the 17th Governor of Arizona.	Evan Mecham	Governor of Arizona
position held	Allen Kukovich is a former member of the Pennsylvania State Senate, where he represented the 39th senatorial district from 1996 through 2004.	Allen Kukovich	member of the Pennsylvania State Senate
position held	Herman Malchow served as a member of the South Dakota House of Representatives from 1893 to 1894.	Herman Malchow	member of the South Dakota House of Representatives
position held	George Hewston (September 11, 1826 -- September 4, 1891) was appointed the 16th Mayor of San Francisco upon the death of James Otis.	George Hewston	Mayor of San Francisco
position held	Guido Gallese (born 18 March 1962) is the bishop of Alessandria della Paglia since his appointment was announced on 20 October 2012.	Guido Gallese	bishop
position held	Francesco Marucelli ( 1625 - 1703) was an Italian abbot, bibliographer and bibliophile.	Francesco Marucelli	abbot
position held	Bishop Dr. Michael Arattukulam (17 April 1910 -- 20 March 1995) was the first bishop of the Diocese of Alleppey and an Advocate of the Rotae Romanae.	Michael Arattukulam	bishop
position held	Hans Schaidinger (b. 1949 in Freilassing), (member of the Christian Social Union of Bavaria), has been mayor of the city of Regensburg, Germany since 1996.	Hans Schaidinger	mayor
position held	Oswald Georg Hirmer (February 28, 1930 Amberg, Germany-- March 5, 2011) was a Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Umtata, South Africa.	Oswald Georg Hirmer	bishop
position held	Philippe Kirsch, OC, QC (born April 1, 1947) is a Canadian lawyer who served as a judge of the International Criminal Court from 2003 to 2009 and was the Court's first president.	Philippe Kirsch	judge of the International Criminal Court
position held	Major-General Patrick Aziza (23 December 1947 -- 16 August 2014) was the first military Governor of Kebbi State, Nigeria after it was split off from Sokoto State on 27 August 1991 during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida.	Patrick Aziza	Governor of Kebbi State
position held	Ricardo María Carles Gordó (24 September 1926 -- 17 December 2013) was a cardinal priest and Archbishop Emeritus of Barcelona in the Catholic Church.	Ricardo María Carles Gordó	cardinal
position held	Polycarp (Greek: Πολύκαρπος, Polýkarpos; Latin: Polycarpus; AD 69 -- 155) was a 2nd-century Christian bishop of Smyrna.	Polycarp	bishop
position held	Joaquín Cruz Pérez or Joaquín Pérez y Cruz (1860--1939) was an early Guam judge and acting-Governor of Guam from February 1 to April 20, 1899.	Joaquín Cruz Pérez	Governor of Guam
position held	Girolamo Grimaldi-Cavalleroni (20 August 1597-- 4 November 1685) was an Italian cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and Archbishop of Aix.	Girolamo Grimaldi-Cavalleroni	cardinal
position held	Damianus (or Damian) served as Bishop of Rochester from his consecration between 655 and 664 until his death about 664.	Damianus	Bishop of Rochester
position held	Pierre Petit de Julleville, was a French Catholic priest, who became archbishop of Rouen.	Pierre Petit de Julleville	archbishop
position held	Manuel Gonçalves Cerejeira, GCC (29 November 1888, Lousado, Vila Nova de Famalicão, Portugal -- 2 August 1977, Buraca, Amadora, Portugal) was a Portuguese cardinal who served as cardinal-patriarch of Lisbon from 1929 to 1971.	Manuel Gonçalves Cerejeira	cardinal
position held	Carden Wallace (fl. 1970--) is an Australian scientist who was the director of the Museum of Tropical Queensland from 1997 to 2003.	Carden Wallace	director
position held	Antonio de Hornedo Correa (1915--2006) was the Spanish born bishop of Chachapoyas from 1977 to 1991.	Antonio de Hornedo Correa	bishop
position held	Mohamed Moncef Marzouki (Arabic: محمد المنصف المرزوقي‎; Muhammad al-Munṣif al-Marzūqī, born 7 July 1945) is a Tunisian politician who was President of Tunisia from 2011 to 2014.	Moncef Marzouki	President of Tunisia
position held	Benjamin Franklin Perry (November 20, 1805 -- December 3, 1886) was the 72nd Governor of South Carolina, appointed by President Andrew Johnson in 1865 after the end of the American Civil War.	Benjamin Franklin Perry	Governor of South Carolina
position held	Elisha Harris (September 8, 1791 -- February 1, 1861) of Coventry, Kent County, Rhode Island, was Lieutenant Governor of Rhode Island, 1846--47 serving under Governor Byron Diman and the 20th Governor of Rhode Island 1847--49.	Elisha Harris	Governor of Rhode Island
position held	Saint Dalmatius of Rodez (French: Saint Dalmas, Dalmace) was a bishop of Rodez from 524 to 580.	Dalmatius of Rodez	bishop
position held	Edward Keogh was an American printer who served eighteen years as a Democratic member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and two years as a member of the Wisconsin State Senate, representing Milwaukee districts.	Edward Keogh	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly	member of the Wisconsin State Senate
position held	Mariann Fischer Boel (Danish pronunciation: (maʁian fiɕɐ ˈb̥oˀl); born 15 April 1943, Åsum) is a Danish politician, serving as European Commissioner for Agriculture and Rural Development from 2004 to 2009.	Mariann Fischer Boel	European Commissioner for Agriculture and Rural Development
position held	Nathan Ballentine (born December 10, 1970) is a Republican member of the South Carolina House of Representatives, USA, representing the House District 71 since 2005.	Nathan Ballentine	member of the South Carolina House of Representatives
position held	Thomas Francis Doran (October 4, 1856 -- January 3, 1916) served as an American Roman Catholic bishop.	Thomas Francis Doran	bishop
position held	Tarisa Watanagase (Thai: ธาริษา วัฒนเกส; RTGS: Tharisa Watthanaket; (tʰāːrísǎː wáttʰánákèːt); born 30 November 1949) is a former governor of the Bank of Thailand (2006--2010).	Tarisa Watanagase	Bank of Thailand
position held	Dominique Vien (born February 10, 1967 in Lévis, Quebec) is a Canadian politician, who served as Member of the National Assembly for the electoral district of Bellechasse from 2003 to 2007.	Dominique Vien	Member of the National Assembly
position held	William of Hirsau (or Wilhelm von Hirschau) (c. 1030 -- 5 July 1091) was a Benedictine abbot and monastic reformer.	William of Hirsau	abbot
position held	Hajji Murad, also Hajji Murat, was an Ottoman Empire ambassador to France in the 16th century.	Hajji Murad	ambassador
position held	Jaime Cardona (died 1 December 1466) was a Catholic cardinal.	Jaime Cardona	cardinal
position held	Jean-Max Bellerive (born 1958) is a Haitian politician and former Prime Minister of Haiti.	Jean-Max Bellerive	Prime Minister of Haiti
position held	Saint Clement of Metz (French: Clément de Metz) is venerated as the first Bishop of Metz.	Clement of Metz	Bishop of Metz
position held	The first problems Majorian had to handle were the consolidation of his rule over Italy and the recovery of Gaul, since this province had rebelled after the deposition of the Gaulo-Roman emperor Avitus.	Majorian	Roman emperor
position held	Jesse Addison Udall (June 24, 1893 -- April 18, 1980) was a member of the Udall political family who served as chief justice of the Arizona Supreme Court.	Jesse Addison Udall	Arizona Supreme Court
position held	Roland Pierre DuMaine (born August 2, 1931) is an American Roman Catholic bishop.	Pierre DuMaine	bishop
position held	Daniel Acharuparambil (12 May 1939 -- 26 October 2009) was a Roman Catholic Indian archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Verapoly in Kerela.	Daniel Acharuparambil	archbishop
position held	Pavol Hnilica (March 30, 1921 in Uňatín -- October 8, 2006) was a Slovak Roman-Catholic bishop and Jesuit.	Pavol Hnilica	bishop
position held	Menkaure (also read as Menkaura), was an ancient Egyptian king (pharaoh) of the 4th dynasty during the Old Kingdom, who is well known under his Hellenized names Mykerinos (by Herodotus) and Menkheres (by Manetho).	Menkaure	pharaoh
position held	Camillus Paul Maes was the third bishop of the Diocese of Covington, Kentucky, United States.	Camillus Paul Maes	bishop
position held	Marino Caracciolo (1468 -- January 28, 1538) was a Neapolitan cardinal and diplomat in the service of Emperor Charles V. Born in Naples into one of the most important families in the Kingdom of Naples, he spent his youth and was educated under the tutelage of Cardinal Ascanio Sforza at the court of Milan.	Marino Caracciolo	cardinal
position held	Chen Shui-bian (Chinese: 陳水扁; born October 12, 1950) is a retired Taiwanese politician and lawyer who served as President of the Republic of China (Taiwan) from 2000 to 2008.	Chen Shui-bian	President of the Republic of China
position held	Dudley Anthony Gautreaux, known as Butch Gautreaux (born December 21, 1947), is a Democratic former member of the Louisiana State Senate from Morgan City, Louisiana.	Butch Gautreaux	member of the Louisiana State Senate
position held	Dr Ko Wing-man BBS, JP (Chinese: 高永文, born 1957) is the Secretary for Food and Health of Hong Kong.	Ko Wing-man	Secretary for Food and Health
position held	Dominique de La Rochefoucauld (Saint-Ilpize, Haute-Loire, 26 September 1712 -- Münster, Germany, 23 September 1800) was a French abbot, bishop, archbishop, and Cardinal.	Dominique de La Rochefoucauld	archbishop
position held	Dinuzulu kaCetshwayo (1868 -- 18 October 1913, commonly misspelled Dinizulu) was the king of the Zulu nation from 20 May 1884 until his death in 1913.	Dinuzulu kaCetshwayo	king
position held	Janet Kay Hagan (née Ruthven; born May 26, 1953) is an American politician who served as a United States Senator from North Carolina from 2009 to 2015.	Kay Hagan	United States Senator
position held	Nana Effah-Apenteng was the Permanent Representative of Ghana to the United Nations between May 2000 and 2007.	Nana Effah-Apenteng	Permanent Representative of Ghana to the United Nations
position held	Abdallah al-Ghalib Billah (1517 -- 22 January 1574, reigned 1557--74) was the second Saadian sultan of Morocco.	Abdallah al-Ghalib	sultan of Morocco
position held	Johannes Junius (1573 -- August 6, 1628) was the mayor (German: Bürgermeister) of Bamberg, and a victim of the Bamberg witch trials, who wrote a letter to his daughter from jail while he awaited execution for witchcraft.	Johannes Junius	mayor
position held	Ottorino Pietro Alberti (17 December 1927 -- 17 July 2012) was an Italian Roman Catholic archbishop who served as Archbishop of Cagliari from 1987 to 2003.	Ottorino Pietro Alberti	archbishop
position held	David Fleischaker (born 1944) is an American businessman and lawyer who served as the Oklahoma Secretary of Energy under Governor of Oklahoma Brad Henry from 2003 to 2008.	David Fleischaker	Oklahoma Secretary of Energy
position held	Right Reverend Edgar Philip Prindle Wadhams (May 17, 1817 -- December 5, 1891) was the first bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Ogdensburg, New York.	Edgar Philip Prindle Wadhams	bishop
position held	Nicolae Golescu (1810--1877) was a Wallachian Romanian politician who served as the Prime Minister of Romania in 1860 and May--	Nicolae Golescu	Prime Minister of Romania
position held	Drakpa Odzer (Wylie: Grags pa 'od zer) (1246 - 1303) was a Tibetan Imperial Preceptor (Dishi) at the court of the Mongol Yuan dynasty.	Drakpa Odzer	Imperial Preceptor
position held	Lars Løkke Rasmussen (Danish: (lɑːs ˈløɡ̊ə ˈʁɑsmusn̩); 15 May 1964) is a Danish politician who has served as Prime Minister of Denmark since June 2015.	Lars Løkke Rasmussen	Prime Minister of Denmark
present in work	Meg Masters is a fictional character on The CW Television Network's drama and horror television series Supernatural.	Meg Masters	Supernatural
present in work	Tina's Pals (``Turma da Tina'') is a Brazilian comic strip series, part of the Monica's Gang series, created in 1970.	Tina's Pals	Monica's Gang
present in work	Nina Myers is a fictional character on the television series, 24, played by Sarah Clarke.	Nina Myers	24
present in work	Wang Xifeng (Chinese: 王熙鳳) is one of the principal characters in the classic Chinese novel Dream of the Red Chamber.	Wang Xifeng	Dream of the Red Chamber
present in work	FAB 1 is a pink, six-wheeled car seen in the 1960s British science-fiction television series Thunderbirds, its three film adaptations, and the reboot TV series Thunderbirds Are Go.	FAB 1	Thunderbirds
present in work	Jehosheba (alternately Jehoshebeath) (Hebrew: יְהוֹשֶׁ֫בַע‎ Yehosheba, ``the LORD is an oath''), or Josaba, is a figure in the Hebrew Bible.	Jehosheba	Bible
present in work	Jeffster! is a fictional cover band on the television series Chuck.	Jeffster!	Chuck
present in work	Hugh Sullivan is a fictional character in the Australian Soap Opera Home and Away, played by Rodger Corser.	Hugh Sullivan	Home and Away
present in work	Queen Vashti (Hebrew: ושתי‎, Koine Greek: Αστιν Astin) is the first wife of Persian King Ahasuerus in the Book of Esther, a book included in the Tanakh (Hebrew Bible) and read on the Jewish holiday of Purim.	Vashti	Bible
present in work	``Days of our Lives - Bios - John Aniston as Victor Kiriakis''.	Victor Kiriakis	Days of our Lives
present in work	Cyrax is a player character from the Mortal Kombat fighting game franchise created for Midway Games by Ed Boon and John Tobias.	Cyrax	Mortal Kombat
present in work	Jack Lord was the first Felix Leiter, appointed into the role for the first Bond film, Dr. No. Eon Productions started filming the series out of the order written by Fleming (Fleming had started with Casino Royale, with Dr. No being the sixth novel).	Felix Leiter	Dr. No
present in work	Leonie Richter is a fictional character on the German soap opera Verbotene Liebe (Forbidden Love).	Leonie Richter	Verbotene Liebe
present in work	In the fictional Battlestar Galactica universe, the Adama family is the family of Commander Adama, commander of the Battlestar Galactica, and they are some of the core characters of the series.	Adama family	Battlestar Galactica
present in work	Augustus Hill is a fictional character, played by Harold Perrineau on the American television show Oz, serving as the show's narrator.	Augustus Hill	Oz
present in work	The Itchy & Scratchy Show (often shortened as Itchy & Scratchy) is a running gag and fictional animated television series featured in the animated television series The Simpsons.	The Itchy & Scratchy Show	The Simpsons
present in work	Dr. Lily Hassan is a fictional character in the soap opera Doctors, played by Seeta Indrani and made her first appearance on 28 October 2008.	Lily Hassan	Doctors
present in work	Kelly Watson is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Home and Away portrayed by Katrina Hobbs.	Kelly Watson	Home and Away
present in work	In The Hobbit, The Lord of the Rings, and associated writings, the expansive forest of Greenwood the Great was called Mirkwood.	Mirkwood	The Lord of the Rings
present in work	In the epic Mahabharata, Ambalika (Hindi: अम्‍बालिका) is the daughter of Kashya, the King of Kashi, and wife of Vichitravirya, the King of Hastinapura.	Ambalika	Mahabharata
present in work	Big Bird is a character on the children's television show Sesame Street.	Big Bird	Sesame Street
present in work	Kareem Saïd (pronounced sai-EED) is a fictional character played by British actor Eamonn Walker on the American television show Oz. Saïd is one of the most powerful prisoners in Oz with considerable influence and control of a large portion of the inmate population and outside prison with ties to community leaders and media contacts.	Kareem Saïd	Oz
present in work	Duff Beer is a brand of beer that originally started as a fictional beverage on the animated series The Simpsons.	Duff Beer	The Simpsons
present in work	Laurie Bates is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera, EastEnders, played by Gary Powell.	Laurie Bates	EastEnders
present in work	Xue Pan (Chinese: 薛蟠; Pinyin: Xūe Pán) is a secondary character in the classic Chinese novel Dream of the Red Chamber.	Xue Pan	Dream of the Red Chamber
present in work	Jor-El first appears to Clark as a voice emanating from the spaceship that brought Clark to Earth, informing him that it is time to leave Smallville and fulfill his destiny, a destiny that Clark believes is to conquer the world.	Jor-El	Smallville
present in work	Holden Snyder and Lily Walsh Snyder are fictional characters and the signature supercouple of the CBS daytime soap opera As the World Turns.	Holden Snyder and Lily Walsh	As the World Turns
present in work	Molly Bloom is a fictional character in the novel Ulysses by James Joyce.	Molly Bloom	Ulysses
present in work	Philip Tattaglia is a fictional character and antagonist in Mario Puzo's novel The Godfather, the first installment of The Godfather film trilogy and The Godfather video game.	Philip Tattaglia	The Godfather
present in work	Emeth (Hebrew אמת : ``truth,'' ``firmness,'' or ``veracity'') is a Calormene character from C. S. Lewis's book The Last Battle (from the Chronicles of Narnia series).	Emeth	The Last Battle
present in work	The Thin White Duke was David Bowie's 1976 persona and character, primarily identified with his album Station to Station (released that year) and mentioned by name in the title track, although the 'Duke' persona had begun to be adopted during the Young Americans tour and promotion.	The Thin White Duke	Station to Station
present in work	Sherry Palmer is a fictional character on the television series 24, played by Penny Johnson Jerald.	Sherry Palmer	24
present in work	Micaiah (Hebrew: מיכיהו Mikay'hu ``Who is like Yah?''), son of Imlah, is a prophet in the Hebrew Bible.	Micaiah	Bible
present in work	Alexis Meade (born Alexander Spencer Meade) is a fictional character from the ABC dramedy series Ugly Betty, initially portrayed by Elizabeth Penn Payne (when she was listed in the credits as ``Masked Lady'') for the first twelve episodes of her appearance.	Alexis Meade	Ugly Betty
present in work	Captain Jack Harkness is a fictional character played by John Barrowman in Doctor Who and its spin-off series, Torchwood.	Jack Harkness	Torchwood
present in work	Details of Boldog's Raid are scattered through numerous texts and versions of texts but not included in The Silmarillion as published by Christopher Tolkien.	Boldog	The Silmarillion
present in work	Iscah (Hebrew: יִסְכָּה‎ Yiskāh) is the daughter of Haran and niece of Abraham in the Hebrew Bible.	Iscah	Bible
present in work	Battlestar Pegasus is a fictional spacecraft that appears in both the original and the reimagined television series Battlestar Galactica.	Battlestar Pegasus	Battlestar Galactica
present in work	Transformers was getting the better sales, but Rock Lords was able to last for three series.	Rock Lords	Transformers
present in work	Craig Middlebrooks is a fictional character on the NBC sitcom Parks and Recreation.	Craig Middlebrooks	Parks and Recreation
present in work	Doctor Harold Legg is a fictional character from the British soap opera EastEnders, played by Leonard Fenton.	Harold Legg	EastEnders
present in work	Noah Bennet, also known as the man in horn-rimmed glasses (aka HRG) or simply Mr. Bennet, is a character from the NBC drama Heroes played by Jack Coleman.	Noah Bennet	Heroes
present in work	Liberty Savage is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks, played by actress and singer-songwriter Abi Phillips.	Liberty Savage	Hollyoaks
present in work	Deke Pascal was a fictional character played by Darren Saul in the UK Soap Opera Family Affairs from 2001 until 2002.	Deke Pascal	Family Affairs
present in work	Dr. Jimmi Clay is a fictional character in the BBC soap opera Doctors, played by Adrian Lewis Morgan.	Jimmi Clay	Doctors
present in work	Janet Mitchell (briefly known as Petal) is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by child actor Grace, who has Down's syndrome.	Janet Mitchell	EastEnders
present in work	Lord Voldemort (/ˈvoʊldəmɔr/, or /ˈvoʊldəmɔrt/ in the films) (born Tom Marvolo Riddle) is a fictional character in J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter series.	Lord Voldemort	Harry Potter
present in work	Lucy Westenra is a fictional character in the novel Dracula (1897) by Bram Stoker.	Lucy Westenra	Dracula
present in work	Lance Sweets, Ph.D., Psy.D., is a fictional character in the American television series Bones.	Lance Sweets	Bones
present in work	The Cup of Jamshid or, in reality, the Cup of Kai Khosrow (Cup of Djemscheed or Jaam-e Jam, or cup of Kai Khosrow in Persian: جام جم) is a cup of divination which, in Persian mythology, was long possessed by the rulers of ancient Persia.	Kai Khosrow	Persian mythology
present in work	Ling Woo is a fictional character in the US comedy-drama Ally McBeal, portrayed by Chinese-American actress Lucy Liu.	Ling Woo	Ally McBeal
present in work	JR Chandler and Babe Carey are fictional characters of the JR and Babe or Jabe couple from the American daytime drama All My Children.	JR Chandler and Babe Carey	All My Children
present in work	Sky Mangel (previously Bishop) is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours.	Sky Mangel	Neighbours
present in work	Roy Glover is a fictional character on the British soap opera Emmerdale played by Nicky Evans.	Roy Glover	Emmerdale
publisher	Companions of Xanth is an adventure game published in 1993 by Legend Entertainment.	Companions of Xanth	Legend Entertainment
record label	The Earthshaker is a blues album by Koko Taylor, released on March 1, 1978 by Alligator Records.	The Earthshaker	Alligator Records
screenwriter	Silent Light (Plautdietsch: Stellet Lijcht; Spanish: Luz silenciosa) is a 2007 film written and directed by Carlos Reygadas.	Silent Light	Carlos Reygadas
screenwriter	O Sangue (Blood) is the Portuguese filmmaker Pedro Costa's first feature film.	O Sangue	Pedro Costa
screenwriter	Some Say No (Italian: C'è chi dice no) is a 2011 Italian comedy film directed by Giambattista Avellino.	Some Say No	Giambattista Avellino
screenwriter	The Camels (Italian: I cammelli) is a 1988 Italian comedy film written and directed by Giuseppe Bertolucci.	The Camels	Giuseppe Bertolucci
screenwriter	Jay Jay (Tamil: ஜே ஜே) is a 2003 Tamil romance film written and directed by Saran.	Jay Jay	Saran
screenwriter	Zokkomon (Hindi: ज़ॉक्कोमॉन) is 2011 Bollywood action superhero film, released by Disney World Cinema, written and directed by Satyajit Bhatkal.	Zokkomon	Satyajit Bhatkal
screenwriter	Right Cross is a 1950 drama film, released by MGM, directed by John Sturges, written by Charles Schnee and starring June Allyson, Ricardo Montalban, Dick Powell, Lionel Barrymore, and (in a small uncredited role) Marilyn Monroe.	Right Cross	Charles Schnee
screenwriter	Army Daze is a 1996 Singaporean comedy movie based on the 1987 theatre play (which had a rerun in March 2006 ) of the same name by Singaporean writer Michael Chiang.	Army Daze	Michael Chiang
screenwriter	Influenced by the works of Agatha Christie, Isaac Asimov and Frank Herbert, The Robots of Death was Chris Boucher's second contribution to Doctor Who as a writer, Michael E. Briant's final contribution to the series as a director and Philip Hinchcliffe's penultimate story as producer.	The Robots of Death	Chris Boucher
screenwriter	Lavorare con lentezza (internationally released as Working Slowly (Radio Alice)) is a 2004 Italian drama film directed by Guido Chiesa.	Lavorare con lentezza	Guido Chiesa
screenwriter	I Live as I Please (Italian: Voglio vivere così) is a 1942 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Ferruccio Tagliavini.	I Live as I Please	Mario Mattoli
screenwriter	``Welcome Party'' was written by Steve Hely and directed by series regular Ed Helms, who portrays Andy Bernard.	Welcome Party	Steve Hely
screenwriter	The Fisher King is a 1991 American comedy-drama film written by Richard LaGravenese and directed by Terry Gilliam.	The Fisher King	Richard LaGravenese
screenwriter	Bullets over Broadway is a 1994 American crime-comedy film written by Woody Allen and Douglas McGrath and directed by Woody Allen.	Bullets over Broadway	Woody Allen	Douglas McGrath
screenwriter	My Afternoons with Margueritte (French: La tête en friche) is a 2010 French film directed by Jean Becker, based on the book of the same name by Marie-Sabine Roger.	My Afternoons with Margueritte	Jean Becker
screenwriter	I, Cesar (French: Moi César, 10 ans 1/2, 1m39) is a 2003 French comedy film directed by Richard Berry.	I, Cesar	Richard Berry
screenwriter	Alla mia cara mamma nel giorno del suo compleanno (To my dear mother on the day of her birthday) is a 1974 Italian comedy drama film directed by Luciano Salce.	Alla mia cara mamma nel giorno del suo compleanno	Luciano Salce
screenwriter	Fading Gigolo is a 2013 American comedy film directed, written by, and starring John Turturro.	Fading Gigolo	John Turturro
screenwriter	Apaharan (English: ``Kidnapping'') is a 2005 Indian Hindi crime drama film directed by Prakash Jha and stars Ajay Devgan and Nana Patekar in the lead roles.	Apaharan	Prakash Jha
screenwriter	Der weisse Rausch (The White Ecstasy) is a 1931 German mountain film written and directed by Arnold Fanck and starring Hannes Schneider, Leni Riefenstahl, Guzzi Lantschner, and Walter Riml.	Der weisse Rausch	Arnold Fanck
screenwriter	Manhunt in the City (Italian: L'uomo della strada fa giustizia, literally: ``The Average Man Does Justice'', also known as The Manhunt) is a 1975 Italian poliziottesco film directed by Umberto Lenzi.	Manhunt in the City	Umberto Lenzi
screenwriter	In the Shadow of Women (French: L'Ombre des femmes) is a 2015 French-Swiss drama film directed by Philippe Garrel.	In the Shadow of Women	Philippe Garrel
screenwriter	It's in the Bag! is a 1945 comedy film featuring Fred Allen in his only starring film role.	It's in the Bag!	Fred Allen
screenwriter	Tod eines Schülers (A student's death) is a German television series directed by Claus Peter Witt, based on a script by Robert Stromberger.	Tod eines Schülers	Robert Stromberger
screenwriter	Loosely based on the book A Grande Arte by Brazilian Rubem Fonseca, it is one of the first theatrical works of Salles Jr. The cast includes both Brazilian and international stars such as Coyote, Tchéky Karyo and Miguel Angel Fuentes.	A Grande Arte	Rubem Fonseca
screenwriter	Triumph of the Ten Gladiators (Italian: Il trionfo dei dieci gladiatori, Spanish: El triunfo de los diez gladiadores, French: Le triomphe des dix mercenaires) is a 1964 Italian-Spanish-French peplum film written and directed by Nick Nostro and starring Dan Vadis.	Triumph of the Ten Gladiators	Nick Nostro
screenwriter	The White Flower was a 1923 American silent romantic drama film written and directed by Julia Crawford Ivers and starring Betty Compson and Edmund Lowe.	The White Flower	Julia Crawford Ivers
screenwriter	Der schönste Tag meines Lebens is a 1957 Austrian family drama film directed by Max Neufeld.	Der schönste Tag meines Lebens	Max Neufeld
screenwriter	Padatha Painkili (Malayalam: പാടാത്ത പൈങ്കിളി, English: The Mute Nightingale) is a 1957 Malayalam social drama film based on the novel of the same name by Muttathu Varkey and directed by P. Subramaniam from a screenplay by Varkey.	Padatha Painkili	Muttathu Varkey
screenwriter	Successive Slidings of Pleasure (French: Glissements progressifs du plaisir) is a 1974 French fantasy film directed by Alain Robbe-Grillet.	Successive Slidings of Pleasure	Alain Robbe-Grillet
screenwriter	The October Man is a 1947 mystery film/film noir starring John Mills and Joan Greenwood, written by novelist Eric Ambler, who also produced.	The October Man	Eric Ambler
screenwriter	Obselidia is a 2010 American drama film written and directed by Diane Bell, starring Michael Piccirilli, Gaynor Howe and Frank Hoyt Taylor.	Obselidia	Diane Bell
screenwriter	The Sicilian Checkmate (Italian: La violenza: quinto potere) is a 1972 Italian crime-drama film directed by Florestano Vancini.	The Sicilian Checkmate	Florestano Vancini
screenwriter	Sista leken (Finnish: Viimeinen kesä) is a 1984 Finnish-Swedish drama film directed by Jon Lindström.	Sista leken	Jon Lindström
screenwriter	Bets and Wedding Dresses (Italian: Tris di donne e abiti nuziali) is a 2009 Italian drama film written and directed by Vincenzo Terracciano.	Bets and Wedding Dresses	Vincenzo Terracciano
screenwriter	My Mother Likes Women (Spanish: A mi madre le gustan las mujeres) is a 2002 Spanish comedy film directed by Inés París and Daniela Fejerman.	My Mother Likes Women	Inés París	Daniela Fejerman
screenwriter	The Remarkable Andrew is a 1944 film directed by Stuart Heisler and written by Dalton Trumbo, based on his 1941 novel of the same name.	The Remarkable Andrew	Dalton Trumbo
screenwriter	I Come with the Rain is a 2009 neo-noir atmospheric thriller written and directed by Vietnamese-born French director Tran Anh Hung, starring American actor Josh Hartnett.	I Come with the Rain	Tran Anh Hung
screenwriter	The Stink of Flesh is a 2005 black comedy and sexploitation film directed by Scott Phillips, which depicts a band of survivors in a zombie wasteland.	The Stink of Flesh	Scott Phillips
screenwriter	Rebels of the Neon God (Mandarin: 青少年哪吒 Qingshaonian Nezha, literally Teenage Nezha) is a 1992 Taiwanese film by Tsai Ming-liang.	Rebels of the Neon God	Tsai Ming-liang
screenwriter	Chennaiyil Oru Naal (English: A day in Chennai) is a 2013 Tamil thriller film written by brothers Bobby and Sanjay and directed by Shahid Khader.	Chennaiyil Oru Naal	Bobby and Sanjay
screenwriter	Kabhi Haan Kabhi Naa (Hindi: कभी हाँ कभी ना, English: Sometimes yes, sometimes no) is a 1994 Bollywood comedy film directed by Kundan Shah, and starring Shah Rukh Khan, Suchitra Krishnamurthy, and Deepak Tijori.	Kabhi Haan Kabhi Naa	Kundan Shah
screenwriter	Little Orbit the Astrodog and the Screechers from Outer Space (French: Pluk, naufragé de l'espace) is a 1979 French animated science fiction film directed by Jean Image.	Little Orbit the Astrodog and the Screechers from Outer Space	Jean Image
screenwriter	Uccidete il vitello grasso e arrostitelo (internationally released as Kill the Fatted Calf and Roast It) is a 1970 Italian film directed by Salvatore Samperi.	Kill the Fatted Calf and Roast It	Salvatore Samperi
screenwriter	Basic Instinct is a 1992 erotic thriller film directed by Paul Verhoeven and written by Joe Eszterhas, and starring Michael Douglas and Sharon Stone.	Basic Instinct	Joe Eszterhas
screenwriter	Audace colpo dei soliti ignoti (also known as Fiasco in Milan or Hold-up à la milanaise) is a 1959 Italian comedy crime film directed by Nanni Loy.	Audace colpo dei soliti ignoti	Nanni Loy
screenwriter	Les Trois Frères, le retour (English: The Three Brothers are back) is a 2014 French film written, directed by and starring Didier Bourdon and Bernard Campan alongside their Les Inconnus partner Pascal Légitimus.	Les Trois Frères, le retour	Didier Bourdon
screenwriter	Don Jon is a 2013 American romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by Joseph Gordon-Levitt.	Don Jon	Joseph Gordon-Levitt
screenwriter	Wandering Papas is a 1926 American comedy film starring Clyde Cook, featuring Oliver Hardy, and directed by Stan Laurel.	Wandering Papas	Stan Laurel
screenwriter	Infinitas (Russian: Бесконечность, translit. Beskonechnost) is a 1992 Russian drama film directed by Marlen Khutsiev.	Infinitas	Marlen Khutsiev
screenwriter	Il caso Pisciotta (The Pisciotta Case) is a 1972 Italian historical drama film written and directed by Eriprando Visconti.	Il caso Pisciotta	Eriprando Visconti
screenwriter	Blaumilch Canal (international release title: The Big Dig) is a 1969 Israeli comedy satire written and directed by Ephraim Kishon, depicting the madness of bureaucracy through a municipality's reaction to the actions of a lunatic.	Blaumilch Canal	Ephraim Kishon
screenwriter	Les Soeurs Soleil is a 1997 French comedy film directed by Jeannot Szwarc, starring and co-written by Marie-Anne Chazel.	Les Soeurs Soleil	Marie-Anne Chazel
screenwriter	Sia, le rêve du python (English title: Sia, The Dream of the Python) is a 2001 film by Burkina Faso-based filmmaker Dani Kouyaté.	Sia, le rêve du python	Dani Kouyaté
screenwriter	Rear Window is a 1954 American mystery thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock and written by John Michael Hayes based on Cornell Woolrich's 1942 short story ``It Had to Be Murder''.	Rear Window	John Michael Hayes	Cornell Woolrich
screenwriter	El otro (English: The Other) is a 2007 Argentine, French, and German drama film, written and directed by Ariel Rotter, his second feature.	El otro	Ariel Rotter
screenwriter	Twenty Days Without War (Russian: Двадцать дней без войны, Dvadtsat dney bez Voyny) is a 1976 Soviet film based on a story by Konstantin Simonov, directed by Aleksey German and starring Yuri Nikulin and Lyudmila Gurchenko.	Twenty Days Without War	Konstantin Simonov
screenwriter	Appunti per un film sull'India is a 1968 short documentary film by Pier Paolo Pasolini where he visits India to do a recces for his proposed film with India as its background about a king who gives up his body to feed a starving tiger.	Appunti per un film sull'India	Pier Paolo Pasolini
screenwriter	Doin' Time on Planet Earth is a 1988 American comedy film directed by Charles Matthau and written by Darren Star.	Doin' Time on Planet Earth	Darren Star
screenwriter	Deadly Inheritance (Italian: Omicidio per vocazione, also known as The Killer Has Clean Hands and L'assassino ha le mani pulite) is a 1968 Italian giallo film directed by Vittorio Sindoni.	Deadly Inheritance	Vittorio Sindoni
screenwriter	School Daze is a 1988 American musical comedy drama film, written and directed by Spike Lee, and starring Larry Fishburne, Giancarlo Esposito, and Tisha Campbell-Martin.	School Daze	Spike Lee
screenwriter	Napoleon and Me (Italian: N (Io e Napoleone), French: Napoléon (et moi), Spanish: N. Napeleón y yo) is a 2006 Italian-French-Spanish historical comedy-drama directed by Paolo Virzì.	Napoleon and Me	Paolo Virzì
screenwriter	Sogni mostruosamente proibiti (Monstrously Prohibited Dreams) is a 1982 Italian comedy film directed by Neri Parenti.	Sogni mostruosamente proibiti	Neri Parenti
screenwriter	The Tunnel of Love is a 1958 romantic comedy film based on the Broadway hit by Peter De Vries and Joseph Fields.	The Tunnel of Love	Joseph Fields
screenwriter	Pippi on the Run (original title: På rymmen med Pippi Långstrump) is a 1970 Swedish movie, based on the eponymous children's books by Astrid Lindgren with the cast of the 1969 TV series Pippi Longstocking.	Pippi on the Run	Astrid Lindgren
screenwriter	Office Space is a 1999 American workplace black comedy film written and directed by Mike Judge.	Office Space	Mike Judge
screenwriter	Another Man, Another Chance (Un autre homme, une autre chance, UK title: Another Man, Another Woman) is a 1977 French film directed by Claude Lelouch.	Another Man, Another Chance	Claude Lelouch
screenwriter	Mabel's Married Life (1914) is an American comedy silent film made by Keystone Studios starring and co-written by Charles Chaplin and Mabel Normand, and directed by Chaplin.	Mabel's Married Life	Mabel Normand
screenwriter	Two Moon Junction is a 1988 American English language erotic thriller and romance film written and directed by Zalman King, starring Sherilyn Fenn and Richard Tyson.	Two Moon Junction	Zalman King
screenwriter	Comme un aimant (released in the USA as The Magnet) is a 2000 French film by Kamel Saleh and Akhenaton.	Comme un aimant	Kamel Saleh	Akhenaton
screenwriter	Ricardo, Miriam y Fidel is the first feature length documentary of the Swiss director Christian Frei.	Ricardo, Miriam y Fidel	Christian Frei
screenwriter	O katergaris (Greek: Ο κατεργάρης, ``the Rascal'') is a 1971 Greek film directed and written by Giannis Dalianidis and starring Chronis Exarhakos, Nora Valsami, Giannis Mihalopoulos, Spyros Kalogirou and Katerina Gioulaki.	O katergaris	Giannis Dalianidis
screenwriter	Die Sünderin (The Sinner) is a German film by the director Willi Forst produced in 1950.	Die Sünderin	Willi Forst
screenwriter	L'Inferno is a 1911 Italian silent film, loosely adapted from Dante Alighieri's The Divine Comedy.	L'Inferno	Dante Alighieri
screenwriter	Casque d'Or (``Golden Helmet'') is a 1952 French film directed by Jacques Becker.	Casque d'Or	Jacques Becker
screenwriter	Mumbai Xpress is a 2005 Hindi-language comedy film directed by Singeetam Srinivasa Rao, starring Kamal Haasan, Manisha Koirala, Om Puri, Vijay Raaz, Ramesh Aravind and Sharat Saxena.	Mumbai Xpress	Kamal Haasan
screenwriter	The Quicksands is a 1914 American short drama film directed by Christy Cabanne.	The Quicksands	Christy Cabanne
screenwriter	Five Boys from Barska Street (Polish: Piątka z ulicy Barskiej) is a 1954 Polish drama film directed by Aleksander Ford.	Five Boys from Barska Street	Aleksander Ford
screenwriter	The Goose of Sedan (German: Die Gans von Sedan) is a 1959 French-West German comedy war film directed by Helmut Käutner and starring Hardy Krüger, Jean Richard and Dany Carrel.	The Goose of Sedan	Helmut Käutner
screenwriter	Bitter Moon is a 1992 Franco-British-American erotic romantic thriller film directed by Roman Polanski and starring Hugh Grant, Kristin Scott Thomas, Emmanuelle Seigner and Peter Coyote.	Bitter Moon	Roman Polanski
screenwriter	Double Xposure is a 2012 Chinese psychological thriller film directed by Li Yu starring Fan Bingbing and Feng Shaofeng.	Double Xposure	Li Yu
screenwriter	Crimen Ferpecto, released in the United States as The Perfect Crime, is a 2004 Spanish black comedy film co-written, produced and directed by Álex de la Iglesia.	Crimen Ferpecto	Álex de la Iglesia
screenwriter	``Ninety Years Without Slumbering'' was a drastic reworking of an original script by George Clayton Johnson, ``Tick of Time.''	Ninety Years Without Slumbering	George Clayton Johnson
screenwriter	Finally the Happiness (Finalmente la felicità) is a 2011 film directed by and starring Leonardo Pieraccioni.	Finally the Happiness	Leonardo Pieraccioni
screenwriter	The File on Thelma Jordon is a 1950 film noir directed by Robert Siodmak from a screenplay by Ketti Frings.	The File on Thelma Jordon	Ketti Frings
screenwriter	The Ten is a 2007 American comedy film, directed by David Wain and cowritten by Wain and Ken Marino, released through ThinkFilm.	The Ten	Ken Marino
screenwriter	Sobibór, October 14, 1943, 4 p.m. (French: Sobibór, 14 octobre 1943, 16 heures) is a 2001 French documentary film directed by Claude Lanzmann.	Sobibór, October 14, 1943, 4 p.m.	Claude Lanzmann
screenwriter	Machine Gun McCain (Italian: Gli intoccabili) is a 1969 Italian crime film directed by Giuliano Montaldo.	Machine Gun McCain	Giuliano Montaldo
screenwriter	Sundance and the Kid is the American release title of Vivi o, preferibilmente, morti, a 1969 Spaghetti Western comedy directed by Duccio Tessari and starring Giuliano Gemma, Nino Benvenuti, and Sydne Rome.	Sundance and the Kid	Duccio Tessari
screenwriter	Wrong Turn is a 2003 American horror film directed by Rob Schmidt and written by Alan B. McElroy.	Wrong Turn	Alan B. McElroy
screenwriter	Due pezzi di pane, internationally released as Happy Hobos, is a 1979 Italian comedy film directed by Sergio Citti.	Happy Hobos	Sergio Citti
screenwriter	Fun in the Barracks (French: Les Gaîtés de l'escadron or Les Gaietés de l'escadron) is a 1932 French comedy film directed by Maurice Tourneur and starring Raimu, Jean Gabin and Fernandel.	Fun in the Barracks	Maurice Tourneur
screenwriter	I've Loved You So Long (French: Il y a longtemps que je t'aime) is a 2008 French-language drama film written and directed by Philippe Claudel.	I've Loved You So Long	Philippe Claudel
screenwriter	Who Can Kill a Child? (Spanish title: ¿Quién puede matar a un niño? and also released as Island of the Damned) is a 1976 Spanish horror film directed by Narciso Ibáñez Serrador.	Who Can Kill a Child?	Narciso Ibáñez Serrador
screenwriter	Big House, U.S.A. is a 1955 American crime film directed by Howard W. Koch and written by John C. Higgins.	Big House, U.S.A.	John C. Higgins
screenwriter	Quando Eu Era Vivo (English: When I Was Alive) is a 2014 Brazilian drama-thriller film directed by Marco Dutra, based on the novel A Arte de Produzir Efeito Sem Causa by Lourenço Mutarelli.	Quando Eu Era Vivo	Lourenço Mutarelli
screenwriter	Raavanan (English: Ravana) is a 2010 Indian Tamil thriller film co written, co produced, and directed by Mani Ratnam.	Raavanan	Mani Ratnam
screenwriter	Mr. Fifteen Balls (Italian: Il signor Quindicipalle) is a 1998 Italian comedy film directed by Francesco Nuti.	Mr. Fifteen Balls	Francesco Nuti
screenwriter	The Year of Living Dangerously is a 1982 Australian romantic war drama film directed by Peter Weir and co-written by Weir and David Williamson adapted from Christopher Koch's 1978 novel of the same name.	The Year of Living Dangerously	Peter Weir	David Williamson	Christopher Koch
screenwriter	La otra alcoba (English: The other bedroom) is a 1976 Spanish film written and directed by Eloy de la Iglesia.	La otra alcoba	Eloy de la Iglesia
screenwriter	Bluff - storia di truffe e di imbroglioni (internationally released as The Con Artists, Bluff, High Rollers, The Switch, and The Con Man) is a 1976 Italian crime-comedy film directed by Sergio Corbucci.	The Con Artists	Sergio Corbucci
screenwriter	Toute une nuit (also known as A Whole Night and All Night Long) is a 1982 Belgian-French drama film written and directed by Chantal Akerman.	Toute une nuit	Chantal Akerman
screenwriter	Sin-Jin Smyth is an unreleased horror film written and directed by Ethan Dettenmaier, based on an old legend inspired by the Kansas Stull Cemetery.	Sin-Jin Smyth	Ethan Dettenmaier
screenwriter	The German Doctor (Spanish: Wakolda) is a 2013 Argentine historical drama film directed, produced and written by Lucía Puenzo.	The German Doctor	Lucía Puenzo
screenwriter	Darkman is a 1990 American superhero action film directed and co-written by Sam Raimi.	Darkman	Sam Raimi
screenwriter	3 Needles is a 2005 Canadian drama film directed by Thom Fitzgerald.	3 Needles	Thom Fitzgerald
screenwriter	Le Destin fabuleux de Désirée Clary (Mlle. Desiree) is a French film released in September 1942, black and white, written and directed by Sacha Guitry.	Le Destin fabuleux de Désirée Clary	Sacha Guitry
screenwriter	``The Art of the Sucker Punch'' was written using ``retroscripting,'' where each cast member completely improvised their lines, though certain script material was provided by co-creator and episode director Loren Bouchard.	The Art of the Sucker Punch	Loren Bouchard
screenwriter	Galaxy Quest is a 1999 American science fiction comedy film directed by Dean Parisot and written by David Howard and Robert Gordon.	Galaxy Quest	David Howard	Robert Gordon
screenwriter	That Man in Istanbul (Spanish: Estambul 65, Italian: Colpo grosso a Galata Bridge, French: L'Homme d'Istamboul) is a 1965 English-language European international co-production adventure film directed by Antonio Isasi-Isasmendi and starring Horst Buchholz.	That Man in Istanbul	Antonio Isasi-Isasmendi
screenwriter	Concerning Violence is a 2014 documentary film written and directed by Göran Olsson.	Concerning Violence	Göran Olsson
screenwriter	La donna delle meraviglie (Women of wonder in English) is a 1985 Italian film directed by Alberto Bevilacqua and based on a novel with the same name by him.	La donna delle meraviglie	Alberto Bevilacqua
screenwriter	Il pentito (internationally released as The Repenter and The Squealer) is a 1985 Italian crime-drama film directed by Pasquale Squitieri.	The Repenter	Pasquale Squitieri
screenwriter	The film has a sequel, Rimini Rimini - Un anno dopo, directed by Bruno Corbucci and released in 1988.	Rimini Rimini	Bruno Corbucci
screenwriter	Un flic (English: A Cop, also known as Dirty Money) is a 1972 French film, the last directed by Jean-Pierre Melville.	Un flic	Jean-Pierre Melville
screenwriter	High Crime (Italian: La polizia incrimina la legge assolve) is a 1973 Italian-Spanish poliziottesco film directed by Enzo G. Castellari.	High Crime	Enzo G. Castellari
screenwriter	Fun Bar Karaoke (Thai: ฝันบ้าคาราโอเกะ or Fan ba karaoke, literally ``dream crazy karaoke'') is a 1997 crime-comedy directed by Pen-Ek Ratanaruang.	Fun Bar Karaoke	Pen-Ek Ratanaruang
screenwriter	The Yes Man (Italian: Il portaborse) is a 1991 Italian drama film directed by Daniele Luchetti.	The Yes Man	Daniele Luchetti
screenwriter	4:44 Last Day on Earth is a 2011 American apocalyptic drama written and directed by Abel Ferrara and starring Willem Dafoe, Shanyn Leigh, Natasha Lyonne and Paul Hipp.	4:44 Last Day on Earth	Abel Ferrara
screenwriter	When he was sent Michael McDowell's original script for Beetlejuice, Burton agreed to direct, although Larry Wilson and later Warren Skaaren were hired to rewrite it.	Beetlejuice	Michael McDowell	Larry Wilson	Warren Skaaren
screenwriter	Margot at the Wedding is a 2007 tragicomedy written and directed by Noah Baumbach.	Margot at the Wedding	Noah Baumbach
screenwriter	Lady in the Water is a 2006 American fantasy thriller film written and directed by M. Night Shyamalan and starring Paul Giamatti and Bryce Dallas Howard.	Lady in the Water	M. Night Shyamalan
screenwriter	The Surrender of Tournavos (French: La Prise de Tournavos), also known as La Prise de Tournavos par les Troupes du Sultan, is an 1897 short silent film directed by Georges Méliès.	The Surrender of Tournavos	Georges Méliès
screenwriter	Paisan (Italian: Paisà) is a 1946 Italian neorealist war drama film directed by Roberto Rossellini, the second of a trilogy by Rossellini.	Paisan	Roberto Rossellini
screenwriter	The Lady in the Van is a 2015 British comedy-drama film directed by Nicholas Hytner, written by Alan Bennett, and starring Maggie Smith and Alex Jennings.	The Lady in the Van	Alan Bennett
screenwriter	The Bribe is a 1949 American crime film noir directed by Robert Z. Leonard and written by Marguerite Roberts, based on a story written by Frederick Nebel.	The Bribe	Marguerite Roberts
screenwriter	The Day the Clown Cried is an unreleased 1972 American drama film directed by and starring Jerry Lewis.	The Day the Clown Cried	Jerry Lewis
screenwriter	My Love and I (Swedish: Kungsleden) is a 1964 Swedish thriller film directed by Gunnar Höglund.	My Love and I	Gunnar Höglund
screenwriter	Let the Devil Wear Black is a 1999 film directed by Stacy Title, co-written by Title and her husband, actor Jonathan Penner.	Let the Devil Wear Black	Jonathan Penner
screenwriter	The Last of Robin Hood is a 2013 American independent biographical drama film about actor Errol Flynn which is directed and written by Richard Glatzer and Wash West.	The Last of Robin Hood	Richard Glatzer
screenwriter	Sex and Lucia (Spanish: Lucía y el sexo) is a 2001 Spanish drama film written and directed by Julio Médem, and starring Paz Vega and Tristán Ulloa.	Sex and Lucia	Julio Médem
screenwriter	Two Cars, One Night is a short film, 11 minutes in length, written and directed by Taika Waititi.	Two Cars, One Night	Taika Waititi
screenwriter	Journey to the Sun (Turkish: Güneşe Yolculuk) is a 1999 Turkish drama film written and directed by Yeşim Ustaoğlu.	Journey to the Sun	Yeşim Ustaoğlu
screenwriter	``We Just Decided To'' was written by creator Aaron Sorkin and directed by Greg Mottola.	We Just Decided To	Aaron Sorkin
screenwriter	The Mother of Tears (Italian: La Terza madre, literally The Third Mother) is a 2007 Italian-American supernatural horror film written and directed by Dario Argento.	The Mother of Tears	Dario Argento
screenwriter	Lipsett Diaries (French: Les journaux de Lipsett) is a 2010 short animated documentary about the life and art of collage filmmaker Arthur Lipsett, animated and directed by Theodore Ushev and written by Chris Robinson.	Lipsett Diaries	Chris Robinson
screenwriter	The Carabineers (French: Les Carabiniers) (1963) was the fifth narrative feature film by French filmmaker Jean-Luc Godard.	The Carabineers	Jean-Luc Godard
screenwriter	Kavalan Avan Kovalan (Tamil: காவலன் அவன் கோவலன்) is a 1987 Indian Tamil film, directed by Visu, starring Prabhu, Rekha and Madhuri in lead roles.	Kavalan Avan Kovalan	Visu
screenwriter	Dancer in the Dark (Danish: Danser i mørket) is a 2000 Danish musical drama film directed by Lars von Trier and starring Icelandic singer Björk, Catherine Deneuve, David Morse, Cara Seymour, Peter Stormare, Siobhan Fallon Hogan, and Joel Grey.	Dancer in the Dark	Lars von Trier
screenwriter	Men in the City (German: ''Männerherzen''; ``Men's Hearts'') is a 2009 German comedy film directed by Simon Verhoeven with Christian Ulmen, Nadja Uhl and Wotan Wilke Möhring.	Men in the City	Simon Verhoeven
screenwriter	The Empty Canvas (1963) is an Italian drama film directed by Damiano Damiani.	The Empty Canvas	Damiano Damiani
screenwriter	Quelle drôle de gosse! (aka: Mad Girl) is a 1935 French comedy drama film directed by Léo Joannon and written by Yves Mirande.	Quelle drôle de gosse!	Yves Mirande
screenwriter	The Long Kiss Goodnight is a 1996 action film directed and produced by Renny Harlin, written and produced by Shane Black and starring Geena Davis and Samuel L. Jackson.	The Long Kiss Goodnight	Shane Black
screenwriter	Un'estate ai Caraibi is a 2009 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Vanzina.	Un'estate ai Caraibi	Carlo Vanzina
screenwriter	The Car is a 1977 American thriller film directed by Elliot Silverstein and written by Michael Butler, Dennis Shryack and Lane Slate.	The Car	Dennis Shryack
screenwriter	B. Monkey is a British-American 1998 crime drama film directed by Michael Radford.	B. Monkey	Michael Radford
screenwriter	The Adventures of Picasso (Swedish: Picassos äventyr) is a 1978 Swedish comedy film directed by Tage Danielsson, starring Gösta Ekman, as the famous painter.	The Adventures of Picasso	Tage Danielsson
screenwriter	La Vispa Teresa (English: Lively Teresa) is a 1939 Italian, black and white short film directed by Roberto Rossellini.	La Vispa Teresa	Roberto Rossellini
screenwriter	A Married Woman (French: Une femme mariée) is a 1964 French drama film directed by Jean-Luc Godard, his eighth feature film.	A Married Woman	Jean-Luc Godard
screenwriter	Sound of My Voice is a 2011 American psychological thriller directed by Zal Batmanglij and starring Christopher Denham, Nicole Vicius and Brit Marling.	Sound of My Voice	Zal Batmanglij
screenwriter	Thanks for Sharing is a 2012 American comedy-drama film directed by Stuart Blumberg, from a screenplay written by Blumberg and Matt Winston.	Thanks for Sharing	Stuart Blumberg
screenwriter	The Girl from Monaco (original title: La Fille de Monaco) is a 2008 French comedy-drama film directed by Anne Fontaine.	The Girl from Monaco	Anne Fontaine
screenwriter	Supervixens is a 1975 sexploitation film by American filmmaker Russ Meyer.	Supervixens	Russ Meyer
screenwriter	Case for a Rookie Hangman (Czech: Případ pro začínajícího kata) is a Czech drama film directed by Pavel Juráček.	Case for a Rookie Hangman	Pavel Juráček
screenwriter	Almanac of Fall (Hungarian: Öszi almanach) is a 1984 Hungarian film directed by Béla Tarr.	Almanac of Fall	Béla Tarr
screenwriter	Flying Dagger is a 1993 wuxia comedy film directed by Chu Yen-ping and written and produced by Wong Jing.	Flying Dagger	Wong Jing
screenwriter	I Want to Live! is a 1958 film noir written by Nelson Gidding and Don Mankiewicz, produced by Walter Wanger, and directed by Robert Wise, which tells the story of a woman, Barbara Graham, a habitual criminal convicted of murder and facing execution.	I Want to Live!	Nelson Gidding	Don Mankiewicz
screenwriter	A Few Best Men is a 2011 Australian-British comedy film written by Dean Craig and directed by Stephan Elliott.	A Few Best Men	Dean Craig
screenwriter	Geostorm is an upcoming 2017 American science fiction action thriller film co-written, produced, and directed by Dean Devlin.	Geostorm	Dean Devlin
screenwriter	The Judgement House is a 1917 American drama silent film directed by J. Stuart Blackton and written by J. Stuart Blackton based upon the novel by Gilbert Parker.	The Judgement House	J. Stuart Blackton
screenwriter	``Lost Hearts'' is a ghost story by M. R. James, found in his 1904 book Ghost Stories of an Antiquary.	Lost Hearts	M. R. James
screenwriter	Back to the Future Part II is a 1989 American science-fiction adventure comedy film directed by Robert Zemeckis and written by Bob Gale.	Back to the Future Part II	Robert Zemeckis	Bob Gale
screenwriter	The Mummy Returns is a 2001 American action adventure film written and directed by Stephen Sommers, starring Brendan Fraser, Rachel Weisz, John Hannah, Arnold Vosloo, Oded Fehr, Patricia Velásquez, and Dwayne ``The Rock'' Johnson.	The Mummy Returns	Stephen Sommers
screenwriter	Vikramarkudu is a 2006 Telugu action comedy film directed by S. S. Rajamouli, starring Ravi Teja and Anushka Shetty in the lead roles.	Vikramarkudu	S. S. Rajamouli
screenwriter	The Suite Life Movie is a 2011 comedy-drama science fiction film directed by Sean McNamara, written by Michael Saltzman, and starring Dylan and Cole Sprouse, Brenda Song, Debby Ryan, Matthew Timmons, John Ducey, Matthew Glave, and Phill Lewis.	The Suite Life Movie	Michael Saltzman
screenwriter	Porno Holocaust is a 1981 Italian pornographic horror film directed by Joe D'Amato, and written by George Eastman.	Porno Holocaust	George Eastman
screenwriter	Life Without Soul (1915) is a horror film, directed by Joseph W. Smiley and written by Jesse J. Goldburg.	Life Without Soul	Joseph W. Smiley
screenwriter	Big Night is a 1996 American motion picture drama with comedic overtones directed by Campbell Scott and Stanley Tucci.	Big Night	Stanley Tucci
screenwriter	Zero Dark Thirty is a 2012 American action thriller film directed by Kathryn Bigelow and written by Mark Boal.	Zero Dark Thirty	Mark Boal
screenwriter	Rimini Rimini is a 1987 Italian anthology comedy film directed by Sergio Corbucci.	Rimini Rimini	Sergio Corbucci
screenwriter	Una mujer sin amor (English: A Woman Without Love) is a 1952 Mexican film directed by Spanish-born filmmaker Luis Buñuel.	A Woman Without Love	Luis Buñuel
screenwriter	Benny's Bathtub (Original title: Bennys badekar) is a 1971 Danish animated film directed by Jannik Hastrup and Flemming Quist Møller.	Benny's Bathtub	Flemming Quist Møller
screenwriter	A Cock and Bull Story (marketed in Australia, New Zealand and the United States as Tristram Shandy: A Cock and Bull Story) is a 2005 British comedy film directed by Michael Winterbottom.	A Cock and Bull Story	Michael Winterbottom
screenwriter	Of Lost Love (Italian: Del perduto amore) is a 1998 Italian drama film directed by Michele Placido.	Of Lost Love	Michele Placido
screenwriter	The Noah's Ark Principle (German: Das Arche Noah Prinzip) is a 1984 West German science fiction film written and directed by Roland Emmerich as his thesis at the Hochschule für Fernsehen und Film München (HFF).	The Noah's Ark Principle	Roland Emmerich
screenwriter	Miracolo italiano (also known as An Italian Miracle) is a 1994 Italian anthology comedy film directed by Enrico Oldoini.	Miracolo italiano	Enrico Oldoini
screenwriter	La professoressa di scienze naturali (Professor of Natural Sciences) is a 1976 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini.	La professoressa di scienze naturali	Michele Massimo Tarantini
screenwriter	Il malato immaginario (internationally released as Hypochondriac) is a 1979 Italian comedy film directed by Tonino Cervi.	Il malato immaginario	Tonino Cervi
screenwriter	Flame & Citron (Danish: Flammen & Citronen) is a 2008 Danish drama film co-written and directed by Ole Christian Madsen.	Flame & Citron	Ole Christian Madsen
screenwriter	Theodor S. Geisel, who is better known by his pen name Dr. Seuss, co-authored Design for Death with his wife Helen Palmer Geisel.	Design for Death	Dr. Seuss
screenwriter	Do the Right Thing is a 1989 American comedy-drama film produced, written, and directed by Spike Lee, who also played the part of Mookie in the film.	Do the Right Thing	Spike Lee
screenwriter	In the Fog (Russian: В тумане) is a 2012 drama film directed by Sergei Loznitsa.	In the Fog	Sergei Loznitsa
screenwriter	Medium Cool is a 1969 American drama film written and directed by Haskell Wexler and starring Robert Forster, Verna Bloom, Peter Bonerz, Marianna Hill and Harold Blankenship.	Medium Cool	Haskell Wexler
screenwriter	Sex, Death and the Meaning of Life is a three-part television documentary presented by Richard Dawkins which explores what reason and science might offer in major events of human lives.	Sex, Death and the Meaning of Life	Richard Dawkins
screenwriter	The Ghost Valley's Treasure Mysteries (in Persian: اسرار گنج درهٔ جنی, transliterated as Asrar-e Ganj-e Darre-ye Jenni), also known as ``The Secrets of the Treasure of the Jinn Valley'', is a 1974 satirical comedy Iranian film, directed by Ebrahim Golestan.	The Ghost Valley's Treasure Mysteries	Ebrahim Golestan
screenwriter	Vivah (English: Marriage) is a 2006 Indian romance film, written and directed by Sooraj R. Barjatya.	Vivah	Sooraj R. Barjatya
screenwriter	Our Tropical Island (Italian: Mari del sud) is a 2001 Italian comedy film written and directed by Marcello Cesena and starring Diego Abatantuono and Victoria Abril.	Our Tropical Island	Marcello Cesena
screenwriter	When Life Departs (original title: Når livet går sin vej) is a 1997 animated short film directed by Stefan Fjeldmark and Karsten Kiilerich.	When Life Departs	Stefan Fjeldmark
screenwriter	Le sorprese dell'amore (``Surprise of Love'') is a 1959 Italian romantic comedy film written and directed by Luigi Comencini.	Le sorprese dell'amore	Luigi Comencini
screenwriter	Spasmo is a 1974 Italian horror giallo film directed by Umberto Lenzi.	Spasmo	Umberto Lenzi
screenwriter	Pratidwandi or Pratidandi (literally Adversary, Opponent or Competitor in Bengali; known internationally as The Adversary) is a 1970 Indian Bengali drama film directed by Satyajit Ray based on the novel by Sunil Gangopadhyay.	Pratidwandi	Satyajit Ray
screenwriter	``The Friendly Skies'' was written by Miracles co-creator Richard Hatem and David Greenwalt, the co-creator of Angel, and was directed by Jesús Salvador Treviño, who had previously directed episodes of several drama series.	The Friendly Skies	Richard Hatem	David Greenwalt
screenwriter	Holocaust 2000 is a 1977 British-Italian horror film directed by Alberto De Martino and starring Kirk Douglas.	Holocaust 2000	Alberto De Martino
screenwriter	A Woman Is a Woman (French: Une femme est une femme) is a 1961 French film directed by Jean-Luc Godard, featuring Anna Karina, Jean-Paul Belmondo and Jean-Claude Brialy.	A Woman Is a Woman	Jean-Luc Godard
screenwriter	The Big Heart of Girls (Italian: Il cuore grande delle ragazze) is a 2011 Italian drama film directed by Pupi Avati.	The Big Heart of Girls	Pupi Avati
screenwriter	Cardiogram (Kazakh: Кардиограмма, ``Kardiogramma'') is a 1995 Kazakhstani drama film written and directed by Darezhan Omirbaev.	Cardiogram	Darezhan Omirbaev
screenwriter	Emanuelle and the White Slave Trade (Italian: La via della prostituzione) is an Italian sexploitation film from 1978 directed by Joe D'Amato as his last Black Emanuelle film.	Emanuelle and the White Slave Trade	Joe D'Amato
screenwriter	Karuvelam Pookkal (தமிழ்/Tamil: கருவேலம் பூக்கள்) is an Indian Tamil film, directed by Poomani.	Karuvelam Pookkal	Poomani
screenwriter	The Incredibly True Adventure of Two Girls in Love is a 1995 film, written and directed by Maria Maggenti, of the story of two very different high school girls who fall in love.	The Incredibly True Adventure of Two Girls in Love	Maria Maggenti
screenwriter	Professor Kranz tedesco di Germania is a 1978 Italian comedy film directed by Luciano Salce and starring Paolo Villaggio.	Professor Kranz tedesco di Germania	Paolo Villaggio
screenwriter	An American Carol is a 2008 American comedy film directed by David Zucker and starring Kevin Farley.	An American Carol	David Zucker
screenwriter	Hilde Warren und der Tod (Hilde Warren and Death) is a German film from 1917 by Joe May (director, born Joseph Otto Mandel) and Fritz Lang (screenplay).	Hilde Warren und der Tod	Fritz Lang
screenwriter	Tell No One (French: Ne le dis à personne) is a 2006 French thriller film directed by Guillaume Canet and based on the novel of the same name by Harlan Coben.	Tell No One	Guillaume Canet
screenwriter	Black Rainbow is a 1989 supernatural thriller film directed by Mike Hodges and filmed in Rock Hill, South Carolina.	Black Rainbow	Mike Hodges
screenwriter	Nowhere in Africa (German: Nirgendwo in Afrika) is a 2001 German film that was written and directed by Caroline Link.	Nowhere in Africa	Caroline Link
screenwriter	The Color of Milk (aka The Colour of Milk, Neither Naked nor Dressed, or Selma and Andy), original title Ikke naken, is a 2004 Norwegian family film by Torun Lian with Julia Krohn (Selma), Ane Dahl Torp (Nora), Gustaf Skarsgård (Främlingen).	The Color of Milk	Torun Lian
screenwriter	Rosewood Lane is a 2011 thriller-horror film written and directed by Victor Salva, and stars Rose McGowan.	Rosewood Lane	Victor Salva
screenwriter	Spencer's Mountain is an American family drama film written, directed, and produced in 1963 by Delmer Daves from a novel by Earl Hamner, Jr. The film starred Henry Fonda, Maureen O'Hara and in early appearances, James MacArthur, Veronica Cartwright, and Victor French.	Spencer's Mountain	Delmer Daves
screenwriter	Die Another Day was written into a novel by the then-current official James Bond writer, Raymond Benson, based on the screenplay by Neal Purvis and Robert Wade.	Die Another Day	Neal Purvis	Robert Wade
screenwriter	The Olsen Gang Sees Red (Danish: Olsen-banden ser rødt) is a 1976 Danish comedy film directed by Erik Balling and starring Ove Sprogøe.	The Olsen Gang Sees Red	Erik Balling
screenwriter	The Sign of the Ram is a 1948 American film noir directed by John Sturges and written by Charles Bennett, based on a novel written by Margaret Ferguson.	The Sign of the Ram	Charles Bennett
sex or gender	Robert Salerno (male) is an American film producer, best known for being a producer of the film 21 Grams with Alejandro González Iñárritu.	Robert Salerno	male
sex or gender	Olivia Spiker (Polish: Oliwia Łuczak; born November 24, 1981 in Schwelm as Olivia Luczak) is a Polish-German female amateur boxer.	Olivia Spiker	female
sex or gender	Annemarie Renger attended the ``Augusta-Lyzeum'' in Berlin, an all female high school.	Annemarie Renger	female
sex or gender	Betty Webb is one of a number of successors to authors such as Sue Grafton, Marcia Muller, Sara Paretsky and Liza Cody and their female private eye series.	Betty Webb	female
sex or gender	Lyudmila Andonova (Bulgarian: Людмила Андонова, née Zhecheva, born 6 May 1960) is a retired female high jumper from Bulgaria.	Lyudmila Andonova	female
sex or gender	Yasser Portuondo (born February 2, 1983) is a male volleyball player from Cuba.	Yasser Portuondo	male
sex or gender	Ivana Matović (Serbian Cyrillic: Ивана Матовић, born September 11, 1983) is a former Serbian female basketball player.	Ivana Matović	female
sex or gender	Li Jianbo (李建波; born November 14, 1986 in Qujing, Yunnan) is a male Chinese race walker.	Li Jianbo	male
sex or gender	Wang Randi (born 1991-05-31 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a female Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Wang Randi	female
sex or gender	John Nogrady (d. May 21, 2007) was an American male tennis player and coach who was active in the 1940s and 1950s and twice reached the final of the U.S. Pro Tennis Championships.	John Nogrady	male
sex or gender	Russell Ong is a male Singaporean swimmer, who won bronze medal in 50 m freestyle swimming at the 2009 Southeast Asian Games and 2011 Southeast Asian Games.	Russell Ong	male
sex or gender	Su Hui (born 23 March 1982 in Xi'an, Shaanxi) is a male Chinese rower, who will compete for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Su Hui	male
sex or gender	Aside from her work for women's suffrage, Helena Hill was also one of America's first female geologists, having studied at Vassar College and the Montana School of Mines.	Helena Hill	female
sex or gender	Kahreel Meer Hongitan is a female Filipino recurve archer.	Kahreel Meer Hongitan	female
sex or gender	Petr Galis (born 13 May 1965) is a former Czechoslovak and Czech male volleyball player.	Petr Galis	male
sex or gender	Asma Chaudhry is a Pakistani female journalist and anchor.	Asma Chaudhry	female
sex or gender	Angelo Frigoni (born 17 March 1954 in Brescia) is an Italian male former volleyball coach.	Angelo Frigoni	male
sex or gender	Irina Ruslyakova (Russian: Ирина Руслякова) is a female badminton player from Russia.	Irina Ruslyakova	female
sex or gender	Ahmed Kabary (born 23 September 1984) is an Egyptian male volleyball player.	Ahmed Kabary	male
sex or gender	Specioza Kazibwe attended Mount Saint Mary's College Namagunga, a prestigious all-female boarding high school affiliated with the Catholic Church, located on the Kampala-Jinja Highway, near the town of Lugazi.	Specioza Kazibwe	female
sex or gender	Ayşegül Çoban (born December 16, 1992) is a Turkish female weightlifter competing in the -- 53 kg division.	Ayşegül Çoban	female
sex or gender	Michaela Lanzl (born 21 February 1983 in Starnberg, West Germany) is a German female ice hockey.	Michaela Lanzl	female
sex or gender	Aurica Buia (born February 16, 1970 in Bratovoești, Dolj) is a retired female long-distance runner from Romania, who specialized in the marathon race during her career.	Aurica Buia	female
sex or gender	Pere Estrany (born 22 February 1989) is a male former water polo player from Catalonia, Spain.	Pere Estrany	male
sex or gender	Trpimir Kutle (born February 2, 1976 in Zagreb) is a male freestyle swimmer from Croatia.	Trpimir Kutle	male
sex or gender	Zhang Fuxin (Chinese: 張 阜新; born September 1, 1961) is a retired male racewalker from PR China, who competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics for his native country.	Zhang Fuxin	male
sex or gender	Toujan al-Faisal (Arabic: توجان الفيصل‎, Tujān al-Fayṣal) (born in 1948) is a human rights activist and a former TV journalist, who was Jordan's first female member of parliament.	Toujan al-Faisal	female
sex or gender	Ty Loomis (born May 1, 1979 in La Crosse, Wisconsin) is a male beach volleyball player from the United States, who won the silver medal in the men's beach team competition at the 2007 Pan American Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, partnering Hans Stolfus.	Ty Loomis	male
sex or gender	Iryna Khariv (born 1988) is a female wrestler from Ukraine.	Iryna Khariv	female
sex or gender	Ma Huanhuan (born 13 January 1990 in Guangxi) is a female Chinese professional water polo player who was part of the silver medal winning team at the 2007 World Junior Championship.	Ma Huanhuan	female
sex or gender	In 2013, Ursula von der Leyen was appointed as Germany's first female defence minister.	Ursula von der Leyen	female
sex or gender	Yu-Chia Tseng (Chinese: 曾郁嘉, 1988-), a female young artist, was born in Taiwan.	Yu-Chia Tseng	female
sex or gender	Haley Moore (born November 25, 1998) is an American female amateur golfer.	Haley Moore	female
sex or gender	Jin Fengling (simplified Chinese: 金凤玲; traditional Chinese: 金鳳玲; pinyin: Jīn Fènglíng; born 20 November 1982 in Harbin, Heilongjiang) is a Chinese female ice hockey player.	Jin Fengling	female
sex or gender	Shen Tianhui (Chinese: 沈天慧; 27 April 1923 -- 2 January 2011) was a renowned female chemist and professor at Shanghai Jiao Tong University.	Shen Tianhui	female
sex or gender	Born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, Lorraine Borg attended Southwest High School in Minneapolis and played sports in the local city league since the school had none for female athletes.	Lorraine Borg	female
sex or gender	Alexei Dudchenko is a Russian male acrobatic gymnast medalled at five Acrobatic Gymnastics World Championships.	Alexei Dudchenko	male
sex or gender	Shawn Hawk Global ID 254476 sex male birthdate 1984-05-17 / age 28 suspensions report: manager/agent register division light heavyweight rating 51 / 898	Shawn Hawk	male
sex or gender	Zhang Yimeng (simplified Chinese: 张益萌; traditional Chinese: 張益萌; pinyin: Zhāng Yìméng; born October 22, 1983 in Meishan, Sichuan) is a female Chinese field hockey player who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Zhang Yimeng	female
sex or gender	Ingeborg Norell (born 1727), was the first Finnish female to have received an official decoration and to have been the subject of a commemorative plaque.	Ingeborg Norell	female
sex or gender	You Wenhui (Chinese: 尤文慧; pinyin: Yóu Wénhuì; born October 20, 1979 in Shanghai) is a female Chinese beach volleyball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	You Wenhui	female
sex or gender	Jürgen Fanghänel (born August 1, 1951 in Limbach-Oberfrohna, Saxony) is a retired male boxer, who won the bronze medal for East Germany in the men's heavyweight division (91 kg) at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.	Jürgen Fanghänel	male
sex or gender	Anissa Khelfaoui is an Algerian female fencer.	Anissa Khelfaoui	female
sex or gender	Janine Gordon, better known by her professional name Jah Jah or MC Jah Jah, is a white, female rapper, photographer and multimedia artist from Brooklyn, New York.	Janine Gordon	female
sex or gender	Cho Nam-suk (born August 13, 1981) is a male South Korean judoka.	Cho Nam-suk	male
sex or gender	Julia Berezikova (Russian: Юлия Березикова, tr. Julija Berezikova; born November 17, 1983) is a Russian female mixed martial artist and boxer.	Julia Berezikova	female
sex or gender	Zhou Xiuhua (Chinese:周 秀華, born 8 December 1966) is a female Chinese rower.	Zhou Xiuhua	female
sex or gender	Joan (Rocco) Haines (born September 26, 1945) is a Canadian female bowler.	Joan (Rocco) Haines	female
sex or gender	Cleopatra dropped Ptolemy's name from official documents and her face alone appeared on coins, which went against Ptolemaic tradition of female rulers being subordinate to male co-rulers.	Cleopatra	female
sex or gender	Boodikka is a tall, well-muscled humanoid alien female with pink skin and reddish black hair.	Boodikka	female
sex or gender	Tào Thế Lệ Thu, stage name Hồ Lệ Thu (Hanoi, October 19, 1973) is a female pop singer from northern Vietnam.	Hồ Lệ Thu	female
sex or gender	Xian Yi Fang (born 20 August 1977) is a female Chinese-born table tennis player who has represented France since 2005.	Xian Yi Fang	female
sex or gender	Chen Huijia (born April 5, 1990 in Wenzhou, Zhejiang) is a female Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Chen Huijia	female
sex or gender	Catherine Barclay (born 12 June 1973) is an Australian professional female tennis player.	Catherine Barclay	female
sex or gender	Fadime Suna (born October 25, 1986 in Eskişehir) is a Turkish female middle distance and long distance runner.	Fadime Suna	female
sex or gender	Karine Shadoyan (Armenian: Կարինե Շադոյան, born March 4, 1975) is an Armenian Freestyle female wrestler.	Karine Shadoyan	female
sex or gender	In contemporary Israel, ``Boaz'' is commonly used as a male first name and carries no special political or social connotations.	Boaz	male
sex or gender	Hugo Hernán Patiño García (born September 13, 1966 in Caicedonia -- died February 21, 1995 in Manizales) was a male road cyclist from Colombia, who was a professional from 1989 to 1995.	Hernán Patiño	male
sex or gender	Alcisthene or Alkisthene was a female painter spoken of by Pliny the Elder, who lists her among notable female painters, and mentions one of her pictures representing a dancer.	Alcisthene	female
sex or gender	Yasemin Dalkılıç (born 2 May 1979) is a Turkish female free diver.	Yasemin Dalkılıç	female
sex or gender	Lin Chiung-ying (Chinese: 林瓊鶯, born November 2, 1987 in Guangfu, Hualien, Taiwan) is a Taiwanese female football player.	Lin Chiung-ying	female
sex or gender	Charlotte de Berry (born 1636, England) was a female pirate captain.	Charlotte de Berry	female
sex or gender	``Penniless at the time of her death in 1909, Lois Waisbrooker had spent over forty years promoting the twin ideas of assertive womanhood and female sexuality as a positive power.''	Lois Waisbrooker	female
sex or gender	Macarena Simari Birkner (born November 22, 1984) is a female skier from Argentina.	Macarena Simari Birkner	female
sex or gender	Noriko Anno (阿武 教子, born May 23, 1976 in Fukue, Yamaguchi) is a female Japanese judoka who won the gold medal in the women's -78 kg judo at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Noriko Anno	female
sex or gender	Liu Renwang (Chinese: 劉仁旺; born July 22, 1986 in Beijing), is a male Chinese judoka who will compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the Extra lightweight (under 60 kg) event.	Liu Renwang	male
sex or gender	Dilara Burali (born 27 March 2000) is a Turkish female water polo player, playing at the centre forward position.	Dilara Burali	female
sex or gender	Siham Hilali (born 2 May 1986, in Khouribga) is a female middle distance runner Morocco who specializes in the 1500 metres.	Siham Hilali	female
sex or gender	Katāyoun (Persian: کَتایون‎‎) is a female figure in Shāhnāme and Iranian mythology.	Katāyoun	female
sex or gender	Zelal Baturay was discovered by Filiz Atay, the female manager of the women's football team Diyarbakır Büyükşehir Belediyespor, as she was playing football with boys on the street in Diyarbakır.	Zelal Baturay	female
sex or gender	Christine Rosemary Payne (née Charters; born 19 May 1933) is a British female discus thrower.	Rosemary Payne	female
sex or gender	Xu Haiyan (born 1984-11-24 in Zoucheng, Shandong) is a female Chinese freestyle wrestler who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Xu Haiyan	female
sex or gender	Ghulam Bibi Bharwana (Urdu: غلام بی بی‎) (born May 5, 1977, in Satiana, Jhang) is a Pakistani female politician.	Ghulam Bibi Bharwana	female
sex or gender	Teng Wei (Chinese: 滕巍; pinyin: Téng Wēi; born May 21, 1974 in Changchun, Jilin) is a female Chinese football (soccer) player who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Teng Wei	female
sex or gender	Henry was father of George Nicholas Hardinge and Henry Hardinge, 1st Viscount Hardinge; while Richard (1756--1801) was created a baronet in 1801, with remainder to the heirs male of his father, and was succeeded by the Rev. Charles Hardinge, eldest son of his brother Henry.	Nicholas Hardinge	male
sex or gender	Claudia Dreher (born 2 May 1971 in Magdeburg) is a female long-distance runner from Germany.	Claudia Dreher	female
sex or gender	From 2008 to 2010, Ewa Strusińska held the position of Assistant Conductor with the Hallé Orchestra in Manchester - the first ever female assistant conductor of a British orchestra.	Ewa Strusińska	female
sex or gender	Elsa N'Guessan (born 17 September 1984 in Poitiers, Vienne) is a female freestyle swimmer from France, who competed for her native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Elsa N'Guessan	female
sex or gender	Johns summarizes Baba Yaga as ``a many-faceted figure, capable of inspiring researchers to see her as a Cloud, Moon, Death, Winter, Snake, Bird, Pelican or Earth Goddess, totemic matriarchal ancestress, female initiator, phallic mother, or archetypal image''.	Baba Yaga	female
sex or gender	Chanatip Sonkham or Chanapa Sonkham (Thai: ชนาธิป ซ้อนขำ; rtgs: Chanathip Sonkham; born 1 March 1991) is a female Thai taekwondo practitioner who was the bronze medalist at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the under 49 kg weight class.	Chanatip Sonkham	female
sex or gender	Catharina Stopia (floruit 2 April 1657), was the first female diplomat in Sweden, and Sweden's first ambassador to Russia during her tenure in the office 1632-1634.	Catharina Stopia	female
sex or gender	Inez Beverly Prosser, teacher and school administrator, is often regarded as the first African-American female to receive a Ph.D in psychology.	Inez Beverly Prosser	female
sex or gender	In Norse mythology, Sinmara is a female figure or jötunn, usually considered a consort to the fiery devil jötunn Surtr, the lord of Muspelheim.	Sinmara	female
sex or gender	Teng Haibin (simplified Chinese: 滕海滨; traditional Chinese: 滕海濱; pinyin: Téng Hǎibīn; born January 2, 1985 in Beijing) is a male Chinese gymnast.	Teng Haibin	male
sex or gender	Bai Yun (simplified Chinese: 白云; traditional Chinese: 白雲; meaning: ``White Cloud'') (born September 7, 1991) is a female giant panda sheltered at the San Diego Zoo.	Bai Yun	female
sex or gender	Ivan Teplykh (born February 8, 1985 in Pervouralsk) is a male sprint athlete from Russia.	Ivan Teplykh	male
sex or gender	Georgia Blanche Douglas Camp Johnson, better known as Georgia Douglas Johnson (September 10, 1880 -- May 14, 1966), was an American poet, one of the earliest African-American female playwrights, and a member of the Harlem Renaissance.	Georgia Douglas Johnson	female
sex or gender	In 1891 Fanny Baker Ames was appointed as the first female factory inspector in the state of Massachusetts, where she advocated such reforms as separate washrooms for men and women.	Fanny Baker Ames	female
sex or gender	Elena Dukhanova (born 10 September 1994) is a former female water polo goalkeeper from Uzbekistan.	Elena Dukhanova	female
sex or gender	Cao Zhongrong (Chinese: 曹忠荣, Cáo Zhōngróng; born 3 November 1981 in Shanghai) is a male Chinese modern pentathlete who competed in the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.	Cao Zhongrong	male
sex or gender	Nguyễn Bằng Kiều (born 13 July 1973 in Hanoi), is a Vietnamese male pop singer.	Bằng Kiều	male
sex or gender	Julio Ernesto Bernal González (born April 16, 1966 in Anolaima, Cundinamarca) is a retired male road cyclist from Colombia, who was a professional rider from 1994 to 2002.	Julio Ernesto Bernal	male
sex or gender	Bernard Mitton (born 9 November 1954) is a professional male tennis player in both singles and doubles from the Republic of South Africa.	Bernard Mitton	male
sex or gender	Rocio Rivarola Trappe (born July 20, 1987 in Asunción) is a female Paraguayan rower.	Rocio Rivarola	female
sex or gender	Lars Patrik Bodén (born June 30, 1967 in Fryksände, Värmland) is a retired male Swedish javelin thrower.	Patrik Bodén	male
sex or gender	Agnes Ozman (1870-1937) was a female student at Charles Fox Parham's Bethel Bible School in Topeka, Kansas.	Agnes Ozman	female
sex or gender	Zhang Penghui (simplified Chinese: 张鹏辉; traditional Chinese: 張鵬輝; pinyin: Zhāng Pénghuī; born January 9, 1978 in Changzhou, Jiangsu) is a male Chinese sports shooter.	Zhang Penghui	male
sex or gender	Cong Xuedi (simplified Chinese: 丛学娣; traditional Chinese: 叢學娣; pinyin: Cóng Xuédì; born May 13, 1963 in Shanghai) is renowned female Chinese basketball player.	Cong Xuedi	female
sex or gender	Natalie Caine (6 June 1909 -- 28 December 2008) was one of the first female woodwind players to establish themselves in leading British orchestras.	Natalie Caine	female
sex or gender	Vita Marissa (born Jakarta, DKI Jakarta; 4 January 1981) is a female badminton player from Indonesia.	Vita Marissa	female
sex or gender	Christoph Sahner (born September 23, 1963 in Illingen) is a retired male hammer thrower, who represented West Germany during his career.	Christoph Sahner	male
sex or gender	Hu Xianqiang (born 1983-03-13 in Qingdao, Shandong) is a male Chinese sports sailor who represented Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Hu Xianqiang	male
sex or gender	Vasil Shahnazaryan (born 15 November 1992) is a male archer from Armenia.	Vasil Shahnazaryan	male
sex or gender	Jesús Liranzo (born 2 November 1995) is a male diver from Venezuela.	Jesús Liranzo	male
sex or gender	Julie Kitchen (born April 19, 1977) is a retired professional English female kickboxer, muay thai fighter and sports commentator.	Julie Kitchen	female
sex or gender	A.S.K. M.E. are a female trio from Chicago Illinois.	A.S.K. M.E.	female
sex or gender	Ashley Battersby is a female American professional freestyle skier originally from Chicago, IL who now resides in Park City, UT.	Ashley Battersby	female
sex or gender	Kang Mee-sun or Kang Mi-sun (born 27 March 1971) is a retired South Korean female volleyball player.	Kang Mee-sun	female
sex or gender	Michelle Feldman (born April 19, 1976) is a right-handed female professional ten-pin bowler and former member of the Professional Women's Bowling Association (PWBA).	Michelle Feldman	female
sex or gender	Daniel Málek (born May 25, 1973 in Zlín) is a retired male breaststroke swimmer from the Czech Republic, who won two bronze medals in the men's breaststroke events at the 1997 European Championships in Seville, Spain.	Daniel Málek	male
sex or gender	Charlotte E. Ray (January 13, 1850 -- January 4, 1911) was the first African-American female lawyer in the United States.	Charlotte E. Ray	female
sex or gender	Valentin Dmitriyenko (born 8 June 1951) is a retired male hammer thrower, who competed for the Soviet Union during his career.	Valentin Dmitriyenko	male
sex or gender	Alan Gogayev (Russian: Алан Гогаев; born March 8, 1990 in Digora) is an Ossetian born-Russian male freestyle wrestler.	Alan Gogayev	male
sex or gender	Urooj Mumtaz (Sindhi: عروج ممتاز‎) (born 1 October 1985 in Karachi) is a female Pakistani cricketer and all-rounder.	Urooj Mumtaz	female
sex or gender	Tang Liang (simplified Chinese: 唐靓; traditional Chinese: 唐靚; pinyin: Táng Liàng; born August 26, 1985 in Harbin, Heilongjiang) is a Chinese female ice hockey player.	Tang Liang	female
sex or gender	Mary Jo Sanders (born January 13, 1974, in Auburn Hills, Michigan) is a female professional boxer.	Mary Jo Sanders	female
sex or gender	In her article ``The Language of Nature in the Poetry of Mary Oliver'', Diane S. Bond echoes that ``few feminists have wholeheartedly appreciated Oliver's work, and though some critics have read her poems as revolutionary reconstructions of the female subject, others remain skeptical that identification with nature can empower women.''	Mary Oliver	female
sex or gender	Marina Cvetanović (born 14 February 1986) is a Slovenian female volleyball player, playing as a opposite.	Marina Cvetanović	female
sex or gender	Margherita Gargano (born November 18, 1952 in Bagheria, Province of Palermo) is a former female middle distance runner from Italy.	Margherita Gargano	female
sex or gender	Numerous noble Russian and Ruthenian families claim a male-line descent from Rurik, and via Anne of Kiev, wife of Henry I of France, Rurikid ancestry can also be argued for numerous Western European lineages.	Rurik	male
sex or gender	Kajira is the term for female slave or ``slave-girl'' in John Norman's Gor novels.	Kajira	female
sex or gender	Tanja Hart (born January 26, 1974 in Marktheidenfeld) is a retired female volleyball player from Germany, who made her debut for the German Women's National Team in 1995.	Tanja Hart	female
sex or gender	After a few auditions in 1991, she replaced singer Keiko Terada within the all-female Japanese metal band Show-Ya, using her full name Steffanie Borges.	Steffanie Borges	female
sex or gender	Camilla Wicks (born August 9, 1928) is an American violinist and one of the first female violinists to establish a major international career.	Camilla Wicks	female
sex or gender	A-Love is a female Australian-based MC from Melbourne.	A-Love	female
sex or gender	Farida Benlyazid (born March 18, 1948, Tangier, Morocco) is one of the few female Moroccan directors and screenwriters.	Farida Benlyazid	female
sex or gender	Yelena Svezhentseva (née Burgiman; born December 21, 1968) is a retired female javelin thrower from Uzbekistan.	Yelena Svezhentseva	female
sex or gender	Man-houng Lin (Chinese: 林滿紅) is a highly regarded economic historian, becoming the first woman president of the Academia Historica (國史館), and one of the few female historians to boldly argue in public about Taiwan's sovereignty and international status.	Man-houng Lin	female
sex or gender	Xu Chen (Chinese: 徐晨; pinyin: Xú Chén; born November 29, 1984) is a male badminton player from China.	Xu Chen	male
sex or gender	Tomáš Cakl (born April 25, 1981 in Ledeč nad Sázavou) is a professional male tennis player from the Czech Republic.	Tomáš Cakl	male
sex or gender	Tuğba Daşdemir Kocaağa (born Tuğba Daşdemir on May 25, 1985) is an Olympian Turkish female skier competing in the alpine disciplines.	Tuğba Daşdemir Kocaağa	female
sex or gender	Nada Haffadh was Bahrain's first ever female cabinet minister when she was appointed Minister of Health in 2004, serving in the position until September 2007.	Nada Haffadh	female
sex or gender	Dilşat Yıldız is a Turkish female curler.	Dilşat Yıldız	female
sex or gender	Metrodora (c. 200-400 CE) was a Greek female physician and author of the oldest medical text known to have been written by a woman, On the Diseases and Cures of Women (Περὶ τῶν Γυναικείων παθῶν τῆς μἠτρας).	Metrodora	female
sex or gender	Ella Negruzzi (1876-1948), was a Romanian lawyer and women's rights activist, and the first female lawyer in Romania (1913).	Ella Negruzzi	female
sex or gender	Min Chunfeng (Chinese: 闵春风; born 17 March 1969) is a retired female discus thrower from the People's Republic of China.	Min Chunfeng	female
sex or gender	Zhang Yining (simplified Chinese: 张怡宁; traditional Chinese: 張怡寧; pinyin: Zhāng Yíníng; born October 5, 1981 in Beijing) is a female former Chinese table tennis player.	Zhang Yining	female
sex or gender	Milena Rosner (born 4 January 1980) is a female Polish volleyball player, a member of Poland women's national volleyball team in 2000--2008, a participant of the Olympic Games Beijing 2008, European Champion 2005, Polish Champion (2006, 2009).	Milena Rosner	female
sex or gender	Kim Hyon-gyong is a female wrestler from North Korea.	Kim Hyon-gyong	female
sex or gender	Through her unceasing efforts to support both female and male artists in all disciplines, Marian MacDowell became a leading figure for the arts in the United States.	Marian MacDowell	female
sex or gender	Tine Scheuer-Larsen (born March 13, 1966 in Ølstykke, Hovedstaden) is a retired female tennis player from Denmark, who reached her highest individual ranking on September 29, 1986, when she became the number 34 of the world.	Tine Scheuer-Larsen	female
sex or gender	Abdelhakim Bagy (born 31 March 1968 in Hichaoua, Morocco) is a retired male long-distance runner from France who mainly competed in the marathon race during his career.	Abdelhakim Bagy	male
sex or gender	Mike Beres (born May 13, 1973) is a male badminton player from Canada, who won the bronze medal in the men's doubles competition at the 1999 Pan American Games.	Mike Beres	male
sex or gender	Princesa Sujei (born June 25, 1980) is a Mexican luchadora enmascarada, or masked female professional wrestler.	Princesa Sujei	female
sex or gender	Kinga Maculewicz-De La Fuente (born May 25, 1978) is a former female French volleyball player, a member of France men's national volleyball team in 1994--2011.	Kinga Maculewicz-De La Fuente	female
sex or gender	Bony Bullrich is the only male descendant of the eldest son of Adolfo Bullrich, founder of the Bullrich house (where today is the Patio Bullrich) and mayor of Buenos Aires between 1898 and 1902.	Bony Bullrich	male
sex or gender	Claudette Ortiz (born July 21, 1981) is an American singer and model, most famous as the female in the R&B group City High.	Claudette Ortiz	female
sex or gender	Burcu Dolunay (pronounced (ˈbuɾdʒu ˈdolunaj); born February 17, 1984 in Izmir, Turkey) is a Turkish female swimmer competing in the freestyle events.	Burcu Dolunay	female
sex or gender	Furthermore, Ruprecht von Eggenberg had mandated in his testament that only male, Catholic members of the family who had attained the rank of general or higher may be buried in his mausoleum.	Ruprecht von Eggenberg	male
sex or gender	François Rousseau is openly gay and his work portrays mainly gay themes, the male body, athleticism and spirituality.	François Rousseau	male
sex or gender	Debbie Jacobs is a female African American singer born on November 10, 1955 in Baltimore, Maryland who had several Disco hits.	Debbie Jacobs	female
sex or gender	Paweł Holszański (Lithuanian: Povilas Alšėniškis; ca. 1485 -- September 4, 1555, Vilnius ) was a notable Catholic church official and one of the last male scions of the once-mighty Lithuanian Olshanski princely family of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania.	Paweł Holszański	male
sex or gender	Akivasha is a female character appearing in the fictional universe of Robert E. Howard's Conan the Barbarian.	Akivasha	female
sex or gender	Kang Sung-hyung (강성형; born 7 May 1970) is a former South Korean male volleyball player.	Kang Sung-hyung	male
sex or gender	Izeta Selimović (born 27 March 1939), known by her stage name Beba Selimović, is a Bosnian sevdalinka-folk singer and was one of the leading female singers of the 1960s and 1970s in Yugoslavia, along with Zehra Deović, Nada Mamula and Silvana Armenulić.	Beba Selimović	female
sex or gender	Lucilla Perrotta (born June 3, 1975 in Rome) is a female professional beach volleyball player from Italy, who twice represented her native country at the Summer Olympics: 2000 and 2004.	Lucilla Perrotta	female
sex or gender	Josipa Lisac (pronounced (jɔ̌sipa lǐːsat͡s); born 14 February 1950) is an eminent Croatian female singer.	Josipa Lisac	female
sex or gender	He Zhuoqiang (Chinese: 何灼强; born: 12 January 1967) is a male Chinese weightlifter.	He Zhuoqiang	male
sex or gender	Han Wenxia (born August 23, 1976 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a female Chinese football player who competed for the national team in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Han Wenxia	female
sex or gender	Hoda Saad (Arabic هدى سعد) (Casablanca,Sidi Ôtmane November 22, 1981) is a Moroccan female singer-songwriter.	Hoda Saad	female
sex or gender	Linda Clement (born 13 March 1980) is a female field hockey forward and midfielder from Scotland.	Linda Clement	female
sex or gender	Sophie Dodemont (born August 30, 1973 in Pont-Sainte-Maxence) is a female archer from France.	Sophie Dodemont	female
sex or gender	Future hereditary Guardians were permitted in the Bahá'í scripture by appointment from one to the next, but a prerequisite that appointees be male descendants of Bahá'u'lláh left no suitable living candidates, and Shoghi Effendi died without making an appointment.	Shoghi Effendi	male
sex or gender	Natalia Valeeva is the top female archer in Italy.	Natalia Valeeva	female
sex or gender	Margarita Romanovna Kokovtseva, generally named in English sources as Olga Kokovtseva was a female soldier in an Imperial Russian Army cavalry unit during World War I. Wounded in combat and decorated for bravery, she appears to have been involved with establishing a hospital for injured servicemen.	Olga Kokovtseva	female
sex or gender	As of June 2012 Endhita is five months pregnant and preparing for a role as a female police officer in Cintaku Di Saku Celana (Love in My Pants Pocket).	Endhita	female
sex or gender	May7ven won her 1st award at the NMVA (Nigerian Music Video Award 2009) for Best Video in Europe being the 1st female to ever win in this category.	May7ven	female
sex or gender	Texas Ruby (June 4, 1908 -- March 29, 1963), born Ruby Agnes Owens, was a pioneering country music female vocalist of the 1930s through the early 1960s.	Texas Ruby	female
sex or gender	Jade McSorley (born 16 February 1988) is a British female model, most notable for placing third on the fifth series of Britain's Next Top Model.	Jade McSorley	female
sex or gender	Sweet Honey in the Rock, the Washington DC-based African American female a cappella singing group, wrote and recorded a song called ``Fannie Lou Hamer.''	Fannie Lou Hamer	female
sex or gender	After her death, a sermon entitled The Character and Death of Mrs. Hester Ann Rogers was published which presents Hester Rogers' life as a role model for female Methodists.	Hester Rogers	female
sex or gender	Xu Yanlu (Chinese: 许燕露) is a female Chinese football (soccer) player who plays as a midfielder.	Xu Yanlu	female
sex or gender	He chose the name ``Pimpinela Escarlata'' (``The Scarlet Pimpernel'') and started to wrestle dressed more like a woman, complete with make-up while acting more effeminate towards his male competitors.	Pimpinela Escarlata	male
sex or gender	Arnarsaq is one of a few Inuit, and the only female Inuit of her time, to be mentioned in Danish history.	Arnarsaq	female
sex or gender	Abbas Dabbaghi (Persian: عباس دباغی‎, born on March 9, 1987 in Sari) is a male freestyle wrestler from Iran.	Abbas Dabbaghi	male
sex or gender	Kim Hyung-ju (born March 14, 1976 in South Korea) is a male South Korean judoka who competed in the half-lightweight category.	Kim Hyung-ju	male
sex or gender	Elena Murgoci-Florea (May 20, 1960 -- August 26, 1999) was a female long-distance runner from Romania, who specialized in the marathon race.	Elena Murgoci	female
sex or gender	Hatice Gizem Örge (born April 26, 1993 in Ankara, Turkey) is a Turkish female volleyball player.	Hatice Gizem Örge	female
sex or gender	Anita Zapata, short for Paulina Ana María Zapata Portillo (1915-2010) daughter of General Emiliano Zapata, was a suffragist who fought for the vote for Mexican women and was the first female federal representative from the state of Morelos.	Paulina Ana María Zapata Portillo	female
sex or gender	Hatı Çırpan (formerly Satı Kadın, 1890, Kazan, Ankara, Ankara Vilayet -- March 21, 1956, Ankara) was one of the first female members of parliament in the Grand National Assembly of Turkey, elected in the 1935 general elections.	Hatı Çırpan	female
sex or gender	Nancy Coats-Ashley was the first female lawyer for Southwestern Bell Telephone Company in the five state area consisting of Texas, Missouri, Arkansas, Kansas and Oklahoma.	Nancy Coats-Ashley	female
sex or gender	Laura Almaral Palafox (born February 23, 1960 in Guadalajara) is a retired female beach volleyball player from Mexico, who won the bronze medal in the women's beach team competition at the 1999 Pan American Games in Winnipeg, Canada, partnering Mayra Huerta.	Laura Almaral	female
sex or gender	Pan Xia (born October 5, 1981 in Zigong, Sichuan) is a female Chinese softball player.	Pan Xia	female
sex or gender	Ona Meseguer Flaque (born 1988) is a Spanish female water polo player.	Ona Meseguer	female
sex or gender	Antonio Selvaggio (born 1 January 1958 in Palermo) is a retired male long-distance runner from Italy.	Antonio Selvaggio	male
sport	The American Collegiate Hockey Association (ACHA) is a chartered non-profit corporation that is the national governing body of club or varsity college ice hockey in the United States.	American Collegiate Hockey Association	ice hockey
sport	Kevin McAllister (born 8 November 1962) is a former association football player.	Kevin McAllister	association football
sport	The 2011 Asian Beach Volleyball Championship was a beach volleyball event that was held from December 8 to 11, 2011 in Haikou, China.	2011 Asian Beach Volleyball Championship	beach volleyball
sport	The 2004 Ordina Open was a tennis tournament played on grass courts in 's-Hertogenbosch in the Netherlands that was part of the International Series of the 2004 ATP Tour and of Tier III of the 2003 WTA Tour.	2004 Ordina Open	tennis
sport	The 2004 ITF Jounieh Open was a tennis tournament played on Clay courts.	2004 ITF Jounieh Open	tennis
sport	The South Western Football League was an English association football league composed of clubs from Cornwall and the far western part of Devon.	South Western Football League	association football
sport	Angélique Spincer (born June 25 1984 in Orsay, France) is a French team handball player.	Angélique Spincer	handball
sport	Vassilis Mouratos (alternate spellings: Vasileios, Vasilis) (Greek: Βασίλης Μουράτος; born November 24, 1997) is a Greek professional basketball player.	Vassilis Mouratos	basketball
sport	Leonard Schwartz (23 April 1913 -- unknown) was an Australian amateur tennis player in the 1930s.	Leonard Schwartz	tennis
sport	Guliskhan Nakhbayeva (born 20 June 1991) is a chess player from Kazakhstan.	Guliskhan Nakhbayeva	chess
sport	The World Football Elo Ratings is a ranking system for men's national teams in association football published by the website eloratings.net.	World Football Elo Ratings	association football
sport	The Rugby World Cup is a men's rugby union tournament contested every four years between the top international teams.	Rugby World Cup	rugby union
sport	The LEN Super Cup is an annual water polo match organized by LEN and contested by the reigning champions of the two main European club competitions, the Women's LEN Champions' Cup and the Women's LEN Trophy.	LEN Super Cup	water polo
sport	Oxton Cricket Club is an amateur cricket club based at Townfield Lane, Oxton on the Wirral.	Oxton Cricket Club	cricket
sport	William Delme Thomas (born 12 September 1942 in Bancyfelin near Carmarthen) is a former rugby union player who became one of Wales' best known rugby players in the 1960s and 70s.	Delme Thomas	rugby union
sport	The Reading Open was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour that was played in Reading, Pennsylvania in the late 1940s and early 1950s.	Reading Open	golf
sport	Brandon Mashinter (born September 20, 1988) is a Canadian professional ice hockey left wing currently playing within the Chicago Blackhawks organization of the NHL.	Brandon Mashinter	ice hockey
sport	Kauniaisten Jäähalli is an ice hockey arena in the city of Kauniainen, Finland.	Kauniaisten Jäähalli	ice hockey
sport	Pallokissat is a women's association football club from Kuopio, Finland, playing in the Finnish women's premier division Naisten Liiga.	Pallokissat	association football
sport	Joe Louis vs. Max Schmeling refers to two separate fights between the two which are among boxing's most talked about bouts.	Joe Louis vs. Max Schmeling	boxing
sport	Hugo Armando (born on May 27, 1978 in Miami, United States) is an American former professional tour tennis player.	Hugo Armando	tennis
sport	KS Gedania Danzig was an ethnically-Polish association football club that was part of German football competition in the inter-war period.	Gedania Danzig	association football
sport	Raymond Lewis (September 3, 1952 - February 11, 2001) was an American basketball and streetball player.	Raymond Lewis	basketball
sport	Erkka Westerlund (born 30 March 1957, Pernaja, Finland) was the head coach of the Finnish national men's ice hockey team.	Erkka Westerlund	ice hockey
sport	Jalen Cannon (born May 5, 1993) is an American basketball player from Allentown, Pennsylvania playing in Mexico's National Professional Basketball league.	Jalen Cannon	basketball
sport	Wests Rugby Union Club, or Wests, is an Australian rugby union club, based in Toowong that currently competes in the Queensland Premier Rugby competition.	Wests Rugby	rugby union
sport	Minas Gekos (alternate spelling: Gkegos) (Greek: Μηνάς Γκέκος; born November 7, 1959 in Kurtuluş, Istanbul, Turkey) is a Greek professional basketball coach and a retired professional basketball player.	Minas Gekos	basketball
sport	Maurice Voron was a French rugby league footballer of the mid-20th century.	Maurice Voron	rugby league
sport	The 2016 UCI Track Cycling World Championships are the World Championships for track cycling in 2016.	2016 UCI Track Cycling World Championships	track cycling
sport	Belfius Mons-Hainaut is a Belgian professional basketball club that is based in Mons, Wallonia.	Belfius Mons-Hainaut	basketball
sport	Eric Schiller (born March 20, 1955 in New York City) is an American chess player, trainer, arbiter and one of the most prolific authors of books on chess in the 20th century.	Eric Schiller	chess
sport	Metz HB (Metz Handball) is the name of a French handball club from Metz, capital of Lorraine.	Metz Handball	handball
sport	Darryl McDonald (born 17 June 1964) is a retired American Australian basketball player who last played for the Melbourne Tigers in the National Basketball League.	Darryl McDonald	basketball
sport	The PGA EuroPro Tour is a men's developmental professional golf tour.	PGA EuroPro Tour	golf
sport	Srikanth Kidambi is an Indian badminton player and currently the highest ranked Indian men's player in the international circuit with a world ranking of 9 as of January 31, 2016.	Srikanth Kidambi	badminton
sport	Kwok Ka Ming MBE, JP (Chinese: 郭家明; Jyutping: gwok3 gaa1 ming4, born October 30, 1949) is an association football expert from Hong Kong.	Kwok Ka Ming	association football
sport	Alexander Dambaev (born 16 June 1989, Zabaykalsky Krai), is a Russian athlete who competes in compound archery.	Alexander Dambaev	archery
sport	The 1995 Toray Pan Pacific Open was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Tokyo Metropolitan Gymnasium in Tokyo in Japan that was part of Tier I of the 1995 WTA Tour.	1995 Toray Pan Pacific Open	tennis
sport	The Giuoco Piano (Italian: ``Quiet Game''; pronounced (dʒwɔːko ˈpjaːno)) is a chess opening beginning with the moves: 1.	Giuoco Piano	chess
sport	Waasland-Beveren is a Belgian association football club located in the municipality of Beveren, East Flanders.	Waasland-Beveren	association football
sport	Clément Poitrenaud (born 20 May 1982 in Castres, Tarn) is a French rugby union footballer.	Clément Poitrenaud	rugby union
sport	The Polo Grounds was the name of three stadiums in Upper Manhattan, New York City, used mainly for professional baseball and American football from 1880 until 1963.	Polo Grounds	baseball
sport	The Indonesia national football team (Indonesian: tim nasional sepak bola Indonesia) represents Indonesia in competitive international association football.	Indonesia national football team	association football
sport	AFL Europe is the regional governing body for Australian rules football in Europe.	AFL Europe	Australian rules football
sport	The 1989 IIHF European Women Championships (ice hockey) was held April 4-April 9, 1989 in West Germany, the first European Championship to be held.	1989 IIHF European Women Championships	ice hockey
sport	The Continental Basketball Association (CBA) was a professional men's basketball minor league in the United States.	Continental Basketball Association	basketball
sport	The 2015 Swiss Open Gstaad presented by Visilab was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts.	2015 Swiss Open Gstaad	tennis
sport	Naoko Kijimuta (Japanese: 雉子牟田 直子 Kijimuta Naoko, born March 26, 1972 in Ebina, Kanagawa) is a retired Japanese tennis player, winner of 3 professional tournaments in doubles and a representative of Japan in the Federation Cup.	Naoko Kijimuta	tennis
sport	Valeria Borza (1984 -- 19 December 2013) was a Romanian table tennis player.	Valeria Borza	table tennis
sport	Athanasios Michalopoulos (Greek: Αθανάσιος Μιχαλόπουλος, born September 29, 1973) is an Olympic beach volleyball player from Greece.	Athanasios Michalopoulos	beach volleyball
sport	Jiří Bicek (born December 3, 1978 in Košice, Czechoslovakia) is a Slovak ice hockey forward who currently plays for HC Košice in the Slovak Extraliga.	Jiří Bicek	ice hockey
sport	Michèle Gurdal (born 30 November 1952) is a Belgian professional tennis player who was most prominent in the 1970s.	Michèle Gurdal	tennis
sport	The Miami Sol was a professional women's basketball team that was based in Miami, Florida and entered the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) in 2000.	Miami Sol	basketball
sport	Richard Birkett (born 1 October 1979 in Roehampton) is a former English rugby union player for London Wasps in the Aviva Premiership.	Richard Birkett	rugby union
sport	The Amílcar Cabral Cup was an international association football tournament for Western African nations.	Amílcar Cabral Cup	association football
sport	Darya Kustova (Belarusian: Дар'я Кустава; Russian: Дарья Кустова; born 29 May 1986) is a former professional Belarusian tennis player.	Darya Kustova	tennis
sport	Pallavolo Sirio Perugia is an Italian volleyball club based in Perugia.	Pallavolo Sirio Perugia	volleyball
sport	Thurles Racecourse is a horse racing venue in the town of Thurles, County Tipperary, Ireland which stages National Hunt racing.	Thurles Racecourse	horse racing
sport	Ti’i Paulo (born 13 January 1983) is a rugby union player for the Clermont in the Top 14 competition.	Ti’i Paulo	rugby union
sport	Napa Valley Cricket Club is a cricket club in Napa Valley, that serves the expatriate cricket population of Napa County and beyond.	Napa Valley Cricket Club	cricket
sport	The 2007 Italian Figure Skating Championships (Italian: Campionati Italiani Assoluti 2007 Pattinaggio Di Figura Su Ghiaccio) were the Italian Figure Skating Championships of the 2006-2007 figure skating season.	2007 Italian Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	FC Zarya Leninsk-Kuznetsky (Russian: ФК ``Заря'' Ленинск‑Кузнецкий) is an association football team from Leninsk-Kuznetsky, Russia.	FC Zarya Leninsk-Kuznetsky	association football
sport	Jacobo Bolbochán (26 December 1906 -- 29 July 1984) was an Argentine chess master of Jewish origins.	Jacobo Bolbochán	chess
sport	Ajax Heroes, (or officially Ajax København) is a handball club based in northern Copenhagen, Denmark.	Ajax Heroes	handball
sport	The 1993 Wimbledon Championships was a Grand Slam tennis tournament played on grass courts at the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club in Wimbledon in London in England.	1993 Wimbledon Championships	tennis
sport	Serge Lairle (born Toulouse, 3 December 1956) is a French rugby union former footballer and a current coach.	Serge Lairle	rugby union
sport	The FINA World Water Polo Development Trophy is an international water polo tournament, organized by FINA.	FINA World Water Polo Development Trophy	water polo
sport	The 2010 Canadian Figure Skating Championships were the Canadian Figure Skating Championships for the 2009--10 figure skating season.	2010 Canadian Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	Oliver Roggisch (born August 25, 1978 in Villingen-Schwenningen) is a retired German team handball player who played for Rhein-Neckar Löwen.He has joined the coaching staff at his club as well as on the national team.	Oliver Roggisch	handball
sport	The 1988 Porsche Tennis Grand Prix was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at the Filderstadt Tennis Centre in Filderstadt in West Germany and was part of Tier III of the 1988 WTA Tour.	1988 Porsche Tennis Grand Prix	tennis
sport	Luke Tomlinson is a professional polo player and former captain of the England polo team, with a handicap of seven goals in Britain and eight in Argentina.	Luke Tomlinson	polo
sport	Mickaël Gelabale (born May 22, 1983) is a French professional basketball player who plays for Le Mans Sarthe of the LNB Pro A. He also represents the France national basketball team internationally.	Mickaël Gelabale	basketball
sport	Pekka Arbelius (born June 26, 1960 in Oulu) is a Finnish retired ice hockey player.	Pekka Arbelius	ice hockey
sport	Kanari Hamaguchi (濱口華菜里 Hamaguchi Kanari, born August 29, 1985) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Toray Arrows.	Kanari Hamaguchi	volleyball
sport	Thibaut Privat (born 4 February 1979 in Nîmes, France) is a French international rugby union player.	Thibaut Privat	rugby union
sport	Aisling Blake, (born July 23, 1981 in Dublin) is a professional squash player who represented Ireland.	Aisling Blake	squash
sport	Gyula Sax (18 June 1951 -- 25 January 2014) was a Hungarian chess grandmaster and International Arbiter (1995).	Gyula Sax	chess
sport	Christoph Bieler (born 28 October 1977 in Hall in Tirol) is an Austrian athlete competing in Nordic combined who has competed since 1996.	Christoph Bieler	Nordic combined
sport	Reo Wilde (born October 6, 1973, in Pocatello, Idaho) is an American athlete, who competes in compound archery.	Reo Wilde	archery
sport	The Trenton Titans were a professional minor league ice hockey team that played in the ECHL.	Trenton Titans	ice hockey
sport	The Trans-Tasman Champions League is an ice hockey tournament between the Australian Ice Hockey League and the New Zealand Ice Hockey League.	Trans-Tasman Champions League	ice hockey
sport	Sinoti Sinoti (born 9 September 1985) is a Samoan international rugby union winger.	Sinoti Sinoti	rugby union
sport	The Supercopa Argentina (English: Argentine Super Cup) is an official National association football cup of Argentina organized by the Argentine Football Association (AFA).	Supercopa Argentina	association football
sport	Carlos Rosa Mayi (born September 21, 1984 in San Francisco de Macoris, Dominican Republic) is a professional baseball pitcher who currently plays for the Chiba Lotte Marines in Nippon Professional Baseball.	Carlos Rosa	baseball
sport	The Quebec University Football League was the Canadian football conference for Quebec universities who participate in CIS football until the completion of the 2010 football season.	Quebec University Football League	Canadian football
sport	Salisbury Racecourse is a flat racecourse in the United Kingdom featuring thoroughbred horse racing, 3 miles (5 km) southwest of Salisbury, Wiltshire, England.	Salisbury Racecourse	horse racing
sport	The 1998 Hall of Fame Tennis Championships (also known as 1998 Miller Lite Hall of Fame Championships for sponsorship reasons) was a tennis tournament played on grass courts at the International Tennis Hall of Fame in Newport, Rhode Island in the United States and was part of the World Series of the 1998 ATP Tour.	1998 Hall of Fame Tennis Championships	tennis	tennis	tennis
sport	Florian Keller (born October 3, 1981 in Berlin) is a field hockey player from Germany and the brother of Natascha Keller.	Florian Keller	field hockey
sport	The Canadian Independent Junior Hockey League (CIJHL) was a Canadian independent Junior A ice hockey league based in Lower Mainland of British Columbia.	Canadian Independent Junior Hockey League	ice hockey
sport	Pałac Bydgoszcz is a Polish women's volleyball club, based in Bydgoszcz.	Pałac Bydgoszcz	volleyball
sport	The Euro Hockey Challenge is a competition consisting of the 12 best European ice hockey teams.	Euro Hockey Challenge	ice hockey
sport	Francois Ratier (b. April 12, 1972) is a French rugby union and Canadian coach.	Francois Ratier	rugby union
sport	The Nelson Mandela Invitational was a charity golf tournament conceptualised by Marc Player, CEO of Black Knight International, which took place annually in South Africa from 2000 until 2006.	Nelson Mandela Invitational	golf
sport	Kenneth Carlsen (born 17 April 1973) is a Danish former professional tennis player, who was active between 1992 and 2007.	Kenneth Carlsen	tennis
sport	The 2007 Norwegian Figure Skating Championships were the Norwegian Figure Skating Championships of the 2006-2007 figure skating season.	2007 Norwegian Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	The Jamestown Expos were a minor league baseball franchise located in Jamestown, New York.	Jamestown Expos	baseball
sport	The 2011 Hong Kong Super Series was a top level badminton competition contested from November 15, 2011 to November 20, 2011 in Hong Kong.	2011 Hong Kong Super Series	badminton
sport	Zepler doubling is a manoeuvre in chess in which a piece moves along a certain line (rank, file or diagonal), then another friendly piece moves onto that same line, then the first piece moves again in the same direction as before.	Zepler doubling	chess
sport	Orna Ostfeld (Hebrew: אורנה אוסטפלד‎; born December 23, 1952) is an Israeli former basketball player and current basketball coach.	Orna Ostfeld	basketball
sport	Bozhidar Avramov (born March 8, 1990) is a Bulgarian professional basketball player.	Bozhidar Avramov	basketball
sport	HC Danubius Galați, formerly known as Oțelul, is a women's handball club from Galaţi, Romania, that plays in the Romanian Women's Handball League.	HC Danubius Galați	handball
sport	Jaroslav Šajtar (December 3, 1921 -- February 4, 2003) was a Czech chess master and an honorary grandmaster, born in Ostrava.	Jaroslav Šajtar	chess
sport	Alessandro Salvio (c. 1570 -- c. 1640) was an Italian chess player who is considered to be the unofficial world champion around the year 1600.	Alessandro Salvio	chess
sport	The Oceania Football Confederation (OFC) is one of the six continental confederations of international association football, consisting of New Zealand, Tonga, Fiji, and other Pacific Island countries.	Oceania Football Confederation	association football
sport	Claire Nitch (born 7 August 1971 in Johannesburg, South Africa) is a squash player from South Africa.	Claire Nitch	squash
sport	Laurent Capet (born 5 May 1972 in Dieppe, Seine-Maritime) is a French volleyball player, who won the bronze medal with the Men's National Team at the 2002 World Championships in Argentina.	Laurent Capet	volleyball
sport	The 1990 Thomas & Uber Cup was the 16th tournament of the Thomas Cup, and the 13th tournament of the Uber Cup, which are the major international team competitions in world badminton.	1990 Thomas & Uber Cup	badminton
sport	Amadou Sissoko is a Central African professional basketball player who currently plays for AS Mazanga of the Central African Division I Basketball League.	Amadou Sissoko	basketball
sport	The Chinese Chess Association (CCA) (中国国际象棋协会) is the governing body of chess in China and is one of the federations of FIDE.	Chinese Chess Association	chess
sport	Jérôme Cazalbou (born April 30, 1969 in Toulouse) is a retired rugby union player in the Top 14.	Jérôme Cazalbou	rugby union
sport	Bill Sweek (born 1946/1947) is an American former basketball player and coach.	Bill Sweek	basketball
sport	The 1912 PCHA season was the first season of the now defunct men's professional ice hockey Pacific Coast Hockey Association league, which was founded on December 7, 1911.	1912 PCHA season	ice hockey
sport	Ömer Onan (born February 4, 1978) is a Turkish former professional basketball player and current team manager of Fenerbahçe of the Turkish Basketball League.	Ömer Onan	basketball
sport	The Topeka Mudcats are a women's professional American football team based in Topeka, Kansas, and a charter member of the Women's Spring Football League.	Topeka Mudcats	American football
sport	The 1994 Scottish Challenge Cup Final, also known as the B&Q Cup Final for sponsorship reasons, was an association football match between Dundee and Airdrieonians on 6 November 1994 at McDiarmid Park in Perth.	1994 Scottish Challenge Cup Final	association football
sport	The Huntsville Tigers is a women's American football team located in Huntsville, Alabama.	Huntsville Tigers	American football
sport	Roger Kortko (born February 1, 1963) is a former professional ice hockey player who played 79 games in the National Hockey League.	Roger Kortko	ice hockey
sport	Umbria Volley was an Italian volleyball club based in the Umbria Region.	Umbria Volley	volleyball
sport	Glen Fitzpatrick (born 26 January 1981 in Dublin) is a former Irish football player who currently manages Broadford Rovers in the Leinster Senior League (association football).	Glen Fitzpatrick	association football
sport	The 2009 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship was the 79th staging of Ireland's premier hurling knock-out competition for players in the under-18 age bracket.	2009 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship	hurling
sport	Joseph Harry Guy Carbonneau (born March 18, 1960) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player in the National Hockey League.	Guy Carbonneau	ice hockey
sport	The Baltic Men Volleyball League, or League of Hundred is the top official competition for men's volleyball clubs in the Baltic states.	Baltic Men Volleyball League	volleyball
sport	Alexander Baljakin (born 8 April 1961) is a Dutch draughts player born in the Russian city of Arkhangelsk.	Alexander Baljakin	draughts
sport	Andy Ogide (born October 1, 1987) is an American-born Nigerian basketball player born in Tallahassee, Florida.	Andy Ogide	basketball
sport	The 1976 Canada Cup was an international ice hockey tournament held September 2--15, 1976, in Ottawa, Toronto, Montreal, Winnipeg and Quebec City, Canada as well as in Philadelphia, United States.	1976 Canada Cup	ice hockey
sport	The 2011 Women's European Volleyball League was the third edition of the annual European Volleyball League, which featured Women's national volleyball teams from twelve European countries:	2011 Women's European Volleyball League	volleyball
sport	Mayumi Pejo is a former US Olympian in taekwondo from Binghamton NY.	Mayumi Pejo	taekwondo
sport	HK Gomel (ХК Гомель) is an ice hockey team in Gomel in Belarus.	HK Gomel	ice hockey
sport	The Sydney Spirit (formerly the West Sydney Razorbacks) were an Australian professional basketball team competing in the Australasian National Basketball League.	Sydney Spirit	basketball
sport	The Edmonton Mercurys (``Mercurys'', ``Mercs'') were an intermediate senior-A ice hockey team that played in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada in 1940s and 50s.	Edmonton Mercurys	ice hockey
sport	Monica Nolan (December 28, 1913 in Cincinnati, Ohio -- December 18, 1995) was an outstanding American tennis player in the 1930s and 1940s.	Monica Nolan	tennis
sport	Jonas Randolph (born c. 1990) is a former American football player who won the Harlon Hill Trophy in December 2011.	Jonas Randolph	American football
sport	Sean Hardman (born 6 May 1977 in Brisbane, Australia) is an Australian rugby union player who plays Hooker for the Queensland Reds in the international Super Rugby competition.	Sean Hardman	rugby union
sport	The 2009 Qatar Open, known as the 2009 Qatar ExxonMobil Open for sponsorship reasons, was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts.	2009 Qatar Open	tennis
sport	The 2011 BWF Super Series Masters Finals was a top level badminton competition which was held from December 14 to December 18, 2011 in Liuzhou, China.	2011 BWF Super Series Masters Finals	badminton
sport	Zugzwang (German for ``compulsion to move'', pronounced (ˈtsuːktsvaŋ)) is a situation found in chess and other games wherein one player is put at a disadvantage because they must make a move when they would prefer to pass and not move.	Zugzwang	chess
sport	The 2013 Finnish Cup (Finnish: Suomen Cup) is the 59th season of the main annual association football cup competition in Finland.	2013 Finnish Cup	association football
sport	Braden Gellenthien (born 26 April 1986 in Boston), is an athlete from the United States who competes in compound archery.	Braden Gellenthien	archery
sport	Sascha Heyer (born July 21, 1972 in Zürich) is a beach volleyball player from Switzerland, who won the silver medal in the men's beach team competition at the 2005 Beach Volleyball World Championships in Berlin, Germany, with partner Paul Laciga.	Sascha Heyer	beach volleyball
sport	Raheem Morris (born September 3, 1976) is an American football coach and former player who is currently an assistant head coach and defensive backs coach for the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League (NFL).	Raheem Morris	American football
sport	Linn Siri Jensen (born 18 January 1961) is a Norwegian team handball goalkeeper and coach.	Linn Siri Jensen	handball
sport	Cobus Visagie (born 31 October 1973) is a former South African rugby union footballer who played at tighthead prop.	Cobus Visagie	rugby union
sport	Yevhen Pyeskov (born 22 September 1981 in Zaporizhia, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian association football midfielder who plays for Vorskla Poltava in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Yevhen Pyeskov	association football
sport	The WWC World Tag Team Championship is the tag team title contested for in the Puerto Rican professional wrestling promotion, the World Wrestling Council.	WWC World Tag Team Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Victor Hănescu (Romanian pronunciation: (vikˈtor həneˈsku); born 21 July 1981) is a Romanian tennis player.	Victor Hănescu	tennis
sport	Cathy Phillips (born August 7, 1960 in Burlington, Ontario) was a Canadian ice hockey player.	Cathy Phillips	ice hockey
sport	The 2005 South African Figure Skating Championships were a figure skating national championship, part of an event held annually to determine the national champions of South Africa.	2005 South African Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	The Hockey East Association, also known as Hockey East, is a college ice hockey conference which operates mostly in New England.	Hockey East	ice hockey
sport	The Delhi Daredevils (often abbreviated as DD) are a franchise cricket team representing the city of Delhi in the Indian Premier League.	Delhi Daredevils	cricket
sport	The 2002 Croatia Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the ITC Stella Maris in Umag in Croatia and was part of the International Series of the 2002 ATP Tour.	2002 Croatia Open	tennis
sport	Mahiedine Mekhissi-Benabbad (born 15 March 1985) is a French middle-distance runner of Algerian origin who mainly competes in the 3000 metres steeplechase.	Mahiedine Mekhissi-Benabbad	3000 metres steeplechase
sport	Georgina Póta (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈɡɛorɡinɒ ˈpoːtɒ); born 13 January 1985 in Budapest) is a multiple European Champion table tennis player from Hungary.	Georgina Póta	table tennis
sport	Margaret Curtis (October 8, 1883 -- December 24, 1965) was an American golf and tennis champion and lifelong social worker.	Margaret Curtis	golf
sport	St George FC, commonly called St George Saints or just Saints, is a semi-professional Australian association football club based in the St George district in the south of Sydney, New South Wales.	St George FC	association football
sport	Andrew Leeds is an Australian former rugby union and professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s and '90s.	Andrew Leeds	rugby union
sport	Jammit is a 1994 computer basketball game for the 3DO, MS-DOS, Sega Genesis and SNES.	Jammit	basketball
sport	Regev Fanan (Hebrew: רגב פנאן‎; born 23 November 1981) is a former Israeli professional basketball player, who played most of his career with Maccabi Tel Aviv.	Regev Fanan	basketball
sport	The Austrian Fencing Federation (German: Österreichischer Fechtverband, ÖFV) is the national organisation for fencing in Austria and as such is a member of the international governing body for amateur fencing, the Fédération Internationale d'Escrime.	Austrian Fencing Federation	fencing
sport	Jorge Guerra, known as Guerrinha (born 21 June 1959) is a Brazilian basketball coach and former basketball player.	Guerrinha	basketball
sport	The Romanian Fencing Federation (Romanian: Federația Română de Scrimă) is the governing body for the sport of fencing in Romania.	Romanian Fencing Federation	fencing
sport	Marin Draganja (born 13 May 1991) is a Croatian professional tennis player and competes mainly on the ATP World Tour in doubles.	Marin Draganja	tennis
sport	Braehead Clan are a Scottish professional ice hockey team.	Braehead Clan	ice hockey
sport	The Tiburones de La Guaira (English: La Guaira Sharks) are a baseball team in the Venezuelan Professional Baseball League.	Tiburones de La Guaira	baseball
sport	McKenzie Corey Dickerson (born May 22, 1989) is an American professional baseball left fielder for the Tampa Bay Rays of Major League Baseball (MLB).	Corey Dickerson	baseball
sport	K.S. Błękitni Stargard Szczeciński is a Polish association football team from Stargard Szczeciński.	Błękitni Stargard	association football
sport	The Central Hockey League (CHL) was a North American mid-level minor professional ice hockey league which operated in the late 20th and early 21st centuries.	Central Hockey League	ice hockey
sport	The 2009 Florida Gators football team represented the University of Florida in the sport of American football during the 2009 college football season.	2009 Florida Gators football team	American football
sport	Miklós Szabados (March 7, 1912 -- February 12, 1962) was a Hungarian and Australian table tennis champion.	Miklós Szabados	table tennis
sport	Osvaldo Hernández Chambell (born 11 Juyy 1970 in Camagüey) is an Italian volleyball player originally from Cuba.	Osvaldo Hernández	volleyball
sport	Adam Pengilly (born October 14, 1977 in Taunton, Somerset, England) is a British skeleton racer who has competed since 2004.	Adam Pengilly	skeleton
sport	The Omega Dubai Desert Classic is an annual professional golf tournament which takes place in Dubai in the United Arab Emirates.	Dubai Desert Classic	golf
sport	The Tour of Estonia is a road bicycle racing stage race held in Estonia.	Tour of Estonia	road bicycle racing
sport	'Marcello d'Orey' de Araújo Dias (born Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, 7 March 1976) is a Portuguese rugby union player.	Marcello d'Orey	rugby union
sport	Romain Guessagba-Sato-Lebel (born March 2, 1981), generally known as Romain Sato, is a Central African professional basketball player who plays for Valencia Basket of the Liga ACB.	Romain Sato	basketball
sport	Agustín Pichot (born 22 August 1974 in Buenos Aires) is a retired Argentine rugby union player, formerly captain of the Argentine team and the English club Bristol.	Agustín Pichot	rugby union
sport	Jillian Harmon (born 3 March 1987) is a women's basketball player who represented New Zealand and the Tall Ferns at the 2008 Summer Olympic Games.	Jillian Harmon	basketball
sport	The Baltic football championship (German: Baltische Fußball Meisterschaft) was the highest association football competition in the Prussian provinces of East Prussia, Pomerania and West Prussia.	Baltic football championship	association football
sport	José Gildásio Pereira de Matos, commonly known by the nickname Gil Baiano (born November 3, 1966), is a retired professional association football right back, who played for several Campeonato Brasileiro Série A clubs, and for the Brazilian national team.	Gil Baiano	association football
sport	The USWA Women's Championship was a female-exclusive professional wrestling title in the American professional wrestling promotion, the United States Wrestling Association.	USWA Women's Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Zviad Izoria (born 6 January 1984 in Georgia) is a chess grandmaster.	Zviad Izoria	chess
sport	Darío Sala (born October 17, 1974) is an Argentine association football administrator and former player.	Darío Sala	association football
sport	Erika Araki (荒木絵里香 Araki Erika, born 3 August 1984) is a Japanese volleyball player.	Erika Araki	volleyball
sport	Basket Club d'Orchies or just BC Orchies is a basketball club based in Orchies, France that plays in the LNB Pro B.	BC Orchies	basketball
sport	The Yugoslav Women's Handball Championship was the premier championship for women's handball clubs in SFR Yugoslavia.	Yugoslav Women's Handball Championship	handball
sport	Eddie Hughes (born 26 May 1960) is a retired American professional basketball player who played three years in the NBA.	Eddie Hughes	basketball
sport	Mario Ančić (Croatian pronunciation: (mâːrio âːntʃitɕ); born 30 March 1984) is a retired Croatian professional tennis player.	Mario Ančić	tennis
sport	The 1983 Virginia Slims of Chicago was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the UIC Pavilion in Chicago, Illinois in the United States that was part of the 1983 Virginia Slims World Championship Series.	1983 Virginia Slims of Chicago	tennis
sport	The Bartercard Cup (successor of the Lion Red Cup) was the top level rugby league club competition in New Zealand from 2000 until 2007.	Bartercard Cup	rugby league
sport	Lutalo Muhammad (born 3 June 1991) is a British taekwondo athlete.	Lutalo Muhammad	taekwondo
sport	The KeuPa HT are a semi-professional ice hockey team based in Keuruu, Finland.	KeuPa HT	ice hockey
sport	The ITU Triathlon World Cup is an annual series of triathlon races staged around the world.	ITU Triathlon World Cup	triathlon
sport	The Houston Buffaloes, Houston Buffalos, or Buffs were an American minor league baseball team, and were the first minor league team to be affiliated with a Major League franchise, which was the St. Louis Cardinals.	Houston Buffaloes	baseball
sport	Isaac Spencer (born December 8, 1977), is an American professional basketball player.	Isaac Spencer	basketball
sport	Gymnastics at the 2007 Pan American Games consisted of three separate sets of events -- artistic gymnastics, rhythmic gymnastics, and trampoline.	Gymnastics at the 2007 Pan American Games	gymnastics
sport	The Swiss Gymnastics Federation (French: Fédération Suisse de Gymnastique) is the governing body of gymnastics in Switzerland.	Swiss Gymnastics Federation	gymnastics
sport	The 2013 BNP Paribas Masters was a professional tennis tournament that was played on indoor hard courts.	2013 BNP Paribas Masters	tennis
sport	The 1979 NBA All-Star Game was an exhibition basketball game which was played on February 4, 1979, at the Pontiac Silverdome in the Detroit suburb of Pontiac, Michigan.	1979 NBA All-Star Game	basketball
sport	Milan Holeček (born 23 October 1943, in Pardubice, Czechoslovakia), is a former professional tennis player from Czechoslovakia, who retired in 1976.	Milan Holeček	tennis
sport	Csilla Bátorfi (born March 3, 1969 in Szombathely) is a Hungarian table tennis player.	Csilla Bátorfi	table tennis
sport	Zhao Ruirui (Chinese: 赵蕊蕊; pinyin: Zhào Ruǐruǐ; born 8 October 1981 in Nanjing, Jiangsu, China) is a Chinese volleyball player who competed on the 2003 Volleyball World Cup winning side and made an initial appearance with the 2004 gold medal winning side before refracturing her right leg.	Zhao Ruirui	volleyball
sport	Jiang Xingquan, Liaoning province Xingcheng County, was born in 1940, the Chinese professional basketball coach, who twice served as the Chinese national men's basketball coach, he was elected to the new Chinese basketball 50.	Jiang Xingquan	basketball
sport	The 2013 Junior Club World Cup was the 3rd Junior Club World Cup, an annual international ice hockey tournament.	2013 Junior Club World Cup	ice hockey
sport	Irakli Kobalia (born 13 March 1992) is a Georgian association football player, who is currently playing for FC Zugdidi in the Umaglesi Liga.	Irakli Kobalia	association football
sport	Rahshon Turner (born on March 10, 1975) is an American basketball player.	Rahshon Turner	basketball
sport	The Kootenay Ice are a major junior ice hockey team based in Cranbrook, British Columbia, and competing in the Western Hockey League (WHL).	Kootenay Ice	ice hockey
sport	Roberto Íñiguez de Heredia, (born 5 September 1967 in Vitoria-Gasteiz, Basque Country, Spain) is a former Spanish basketball player and the current manager of Spar CityLift Girona.	Roberto Íñiguez	basketball
sport	The Biarritz Ladies Classic was a women's professional golf tournament on the Ladies European Tour that took place in Biarritz, France.	Biarritz Ladies Classic	golf
sport	Shaun Le Roux, (born September 27, 1986 in Cape Town) is a professional squash player who represents South Africa.	Shaun Le Roux	squash
sport	The 2003 CAM Open Comunidad Valenciana was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Valencia in Spain and was part of the International Series of the 2003 ATP Tour.	2003 CAM Open Comunidad Valenciana	tennis
sport	Evan Cheverie (born May 6, 1980 in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island) is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward currently playing for Gander Flyers of the CWSHL	Evan Cheverie	ice hockey
sport	Nemanja Todorović (Serbian Cyrillic: Немања Тодоровић, born 23 April 1991) is a Serbian professional basketball player who plays for Metalac Farmakom of the Serbian League.	Nemanja Todorović	basketball
sport	Tanel Tein (born January 10, 1978 in Tartu, Estonia) is an Estonian retired professional basketball player.	Tanel Tein	basketball
sport	John Carlos Matanguihan Hermida Jr. better known as Borgie Hermida is a Filipino professional basketball player.	Borgie Hermida	basketball
sport	The 2006 Tuvalu A-Division was the sixth season of association football competition.	2006 Tuvalu A-Division	association football
sport	Pierre Mignoni (born 28 February 1977 in Toulon, France) is a retired French rugby union footballer who is currently a coach for his hometown club team, Toulon.	Pierre Mignoni	rugby union
sport	TJ Sakaluk (born April 27, 1983 in Hamilton, Ontario) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player currently under contract with EHC Dortmund in the German Oberliga.	TJ Sakaluk	ice hockey
sport	The Fiji Barbarians is a former Fijian rugby union representative team that played in the Pacific Rugby Cup from 2006 to 2010.	Fiji Barbarians	rugby union
sport	The San Marino national football team's first official association football match took place on 14 November 1990 against Switzerland.	San Marino national football team	association football
sport	Niclas Huschenbeth (born February 29, 1992 in Hann. Münden) is a German chess grandmaster (2012) and German champion in 2008.	Niclas Huschenbeth	chess
sport	The Mechanics' Institute Chess Club in San Francisco is the oldest chess club in the United States.	Mechanics' Institute Chess Club	chess
sport	Virtus Bergamo Alzano Seriate 1909 is an Italian association football club from Alzano Lombardo and Seriate, Lombardy.	Virtus Bergamo Alzano Seriate 1909	association football
sport	The 18U Baseball World Cup is the 18-and-under baseball world championship sanctioned by the International Baseball Federation (IBAF), and was first held in 1981 in United States.	18U Baseball World Cup	baseball
sport	Susan Mascarin Keane, born Susan Mascarin (born June 28, 1964) is an American former tennis player whose best singles Grand Slam result was the 1984 US Open where she advanced to the fourth round.	Susan Mascarin	tennis
sport	John Turek (born February 19, 1983) is a former American professional basketball player for Rosa Radom in the Polish Basketball League.	John Turek	basketball
sport	The 2008 Friends Provident Trophy was an English county cricket tournament, held between 20 April and 16 August 2008.	2008 Friends Provident Trophy	cricket
sport	The 2014 General Cup was a professional non-ranking snooker tournament that took place between 12 and 18 October 2014 at the General Snooker Club in Hong Kong.	2014 General Cup	snooker
sport	TTXGP are the official promoters of FIM eRoadRacing, the world's premier electric motorsport race series.	TTXGP	motorsport
sport	Tom Clapp (25 October 1858 - 15 October 1933) was an English-born international rugby union forward who played club rugby for Newport and Nantyglo RFC.	Tom Clapp	rugby union
sport	Yulia Merkulova (Russian: Юлия Меркулова) (born 17 February 1984) is a Russian volleyball player, who was born in Lipetsk.	Yulia Merkulova	volleyball
sport	Márta Balogh (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈmaːrtɒ ˈbɒloɡ); born 2 March 1943 in Budapest) is a former Hungarian international handball player, multiple Hungarian championship and Hungarian cup winner, and gold medalist of the 1965 World Championship.	Márta Balogh	handball
sport	Beach Soccer Worldwide (BSWW) is the organisation responsible for the founding and growth of the association football derivative sport of beach soccer.	Beach Soccer Worldwide	association football
sport	The Israel national under-17 football team represents Israel in association football at the under-17 youth level, and is controlled by the Israel Football Association.	Israel national under-17 football team	association football
sport	The 2014 Web.com Tour was the 25th season of the top developmental tour for the U.S. PGA Tour in men's golf, and the third under the current sponsored name of Web.com Tour.	2014 Web.com Tour	golf
sport	Santiago Phelan (born March 31, 1974 in San Isidro, Buenos Aires) is a retired Argentine rugby union footballer.	Santiago Phelan	rugby union
sport	PFC Spartak Nalchik (Russian: Профессиональный футбольный клуб ``Спартак'' Нальчик) is a Russian association football club based in Nalchik that plays in the third-tier Russian Professional Football League.	PFC Spartak Nalchik	association football
sport	Aylin Daşdelen and her two teammates, Sibel Şimşek and Şule Şahbaz, filed in September 2004 complaints of sexual harassment against Mehmet Üstündağ, who was the coach of the Turkey national women's weightlifting team.	Aylin Daşdelen	weightlifting
sport	Hicham Guemmadi (born April 16, 1976) is an Algerian international volleyball player.	Hicham Guemmadi	volleyball
sport	The Hong Kong Football Association Limited (Chinese: 香港足球總會), often abbreviated to the HKFA, is the governing body of association football in Hong Kong.	Hong Kong Football Association	association football
sport	Blanche Bingley Hillyard (3 November 1863 -- 6 August 1946) was an English tennis player.	Blanche Bingley	tennis
sport	The 1999 Nokia Cup was a women's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts in Prostějov in the Czech Republic that was part of Tier IVb of the 1999 WTA Tour.	1999 Nokia Cup	tennis
sport	Tatjana Lematschko (born March 16, 1948 in Moscow) is a Swiss chess player, originally Russian but lived in Bulgaria for several years.	Tatjana Lematschko	chess
sport	The Derby della Scala, also known as Derby dell'Arena or the Verona Derby (Italian: Derby di Verona), is the name given to any association football match contested between Chievo Verona and Hellas Verona.	Derby della Scala	association football
sport	The Boston Irish Wolfhounds Rugby Football Club (also known as BIWRFC) is a rugby union team based in Boston, Massachusetts, US.	Boston Irish Wolfhounds	rugby union
sport	William Dowell (21 May 1885 - 9 November 1949) was a Welsh dual-code international rugby union and rugby league footballer who played rugby union for Newport and Pontypool and rugby league with Warrington RLFC.	William Dowell	rugby league
sport	Basketball Pro Management (BPM) is a video game that gives the player the opportunity to manage the basketball team of his choice.	Basketball Pro Management	basketball
sport	Alexander Yanyushkin (Russian: Александр Янюшкин) (born Penza, 30 October 1982) is a Russian rugby union player.	Alexander Yanyushkin	rugby union
sport	Jukka Lehtonen (born 22 February 1982) is a professional volleyball player from Finland who joins GFCO Ajaccio in French Ligue A for season 2010-2011.	Jukka Lehtonen	volleyball
sport	Tony Rampton (born 30 May 1976 in New Plymouth, New Zealand) is a former New Zealand professional basketball player.	Tony Rampton	basketball
sport	Brent Hobba (born 10 March 1982) is an Australian basketball player who has played in the National Basketball League (NBL), Big V, South East Australian Basketball League (SEABL) and State Basketball League (SBL).	Brent Hobba	basketball
sport	Sateki Tuipulotu (born 3 July 1971) is a former rugby union footballer who played internationally for Tonga.	Sateki Tuipulotu	rugby union
sport	Brice Assie (born June 3, 1983 in Koumassi, Côte d'Ivoire) is a Côte d'Ivoirean-French basketball player currently playing for San Martin Corrientes in Argentina.	Brice Assie	basketball
sport	Ameen Zakkar (born 15 June 1994) is a Syrian-born Qatari handball player for Al Rayyan and the Qatari national team.	Ameen Zakkar	handball
sport	Chess City (also referred to as City-Chess; Russian: Сити-Чесс Siti-Chess or Город Шахмат Gorod Shakhmat) is a large complex devoted to chess and chess competitions located east of Elista, Kalmykia, in Russia.	Chess City	chess
sport	John White Newall (21 July 1917 -- 21 January 2004), more commonly known as Jock Newall, was an association football player who represented New Zealand at international level.	Jock Newall	association football
sport	Kovlands Ishockeyförening (English: Kovlands Ice Hockey Club, also called Kovland Hockey, abbreviated ``Kovlands IshF'' or ``KIF'') is a Swedish ice hockey club founded in 2000 when the ice hockey section of Kovlands IF split off to form an independent club.	Kovlands Ishockeyförening	ice hockey
sport	Dejan Malinović (born 12 April 1992) is a Bosnian handball player who currently plays for Creteil.	Dejan Malinović	handball
sport	Valentin Sanon (born 20 May 1980) is a former Ivorian professional tennis player, who played mainly on the ITF Futures tournaments.	Valentin Sanon	tennis
sport	The Trophée des Champions (French pronunciation: ​(trofe də ʃɑmpiɔ̃), Champions' Trophy), is a French association football trophy contested in an annual match between the champions of Ligue 1 and the winners of the Coupe de France.	Trophée des Champions	association football
sport	Halesowen Harriers F.C. was an English association football club based in Halesowen.	Halesowen Harriers F.C.	association football
sport	The FIBA Africa Under-18 Championship for Women is an under-18 basketball championship in the International Basketball Federation's FIBA Africa zone.	FIBA Africa Under-18 Championship for Women	basketball
sport	Willi Wülbeck (born December 18, 1954 in Oberhausen, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a retired German 800 metres runner.	Willi Wülbeck	800 metres
sport	Ian Starnes (born January 26, 1989 in Springfield, Missouri) is an American football player from Glendale High School.	Ian Starnes	American football
sport	Bronwyn Marshall (born 31 December 1963) is a former Australian women's basketball player.	Bronwyn Marshall	basketball
sport	Uakazuwaka Kazombiaze, also known as Wakka Kazombiaze (born 25 January 1979), is a Namibian rugby union player with Birmingham & Solihull R.F.C. of England's National Division Two and the Namibia national rugby union team.	Uakazuwaka Kazombiaze	rugby union
sport	Dr. Karel Hartmann (July 6, 1885 -- c. October 16, 1944) was a Czechoslovakian ice hockey player who competed in the Olympic games in 1920.	Karel Hartmann	ice hockey
sport	Suzannah Bianco (born May 15, 1973) is an American competitor in synchronized swimming and Olympic champion.	Suzannah Bianco	synchronized swimming
sport	LaRon Dendy (born December 18, 1988) is an American basketball player, currently with Provence Basket in France's second division.	LaRon Dendy	basketball
sport	Yulieski González Ledesma (born June 20, 1980 in Alquízar, Havana Province, Cuba) is a pitcher for the Cuba national baseball team and Habana of the Cuban National Series.	Yulieski González	baseball
sport	Charlie Ward, Jr. (born October 12, 1970) is a retired American professional NBA basketball player, college football Heisman Trophy winner, Davey O'Brien Award winner and a Major League Baseball draftee.	Charlie Ward	basketball
sport	The 1958 Moroccan Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held at Ain-Diab Circuit, Casablanca on 19 October 1958, after a six-week breaking following the Italian Grand Prix.	1958 Moroccan Grand Prix	Formula One
sport	Alexei Glukhov (born April 5, 1984) is a Russian professional ice hockey who currently play for Avangard Omsk.	Alexei Glukhov	ice hockey
sport	The 1999 Swisscom Challenge was a women's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at the Hallenstadion in Zurich, Switzerland that was part of Tier I of the 1999 WTA Tour.	1999 Swisscom Challenge	tennis
sport	Eduard Dyckhoff (November 14, 1880 in Augsburg, Germany -- March 2, 1949) was a German doctor of law and chess player.	Eduard Dyckhoff	chess
sport	Wenche Halvorsen Stensrud is a Norwegian handball player.	Wenche Halvorsen Stensrud	handball
sport	Borko Ristovski (Macedonian: Борко Ристовски) (born 2 November 1982) is a Macedonian handball player who plays for the Rhein-Neckar Löwen and the Macedonia national handball team.	Borko Ristovski	handball
sport	The 2013 Rostelecom Cup (also known as Cup of Russia) was an international figure skating competition in the 2013--14 season.	2013 Rostelecom Cup	figure skating
sport	Piscine Molitor (French pronunciation: ​(pisin molitɔʁ); also known as the Piscines Auteuil-Molitor or the Grands établissements balnéaires d'Auteuil) is a swimming pool and hotel complex located in Porte Molitor, 16th arrondissement of Paris, Île-de-France, Paris, France.	Piscine Molitor	swimming
sport	Petr Gřegořek (born May 25, 1978) is a Czech professional ice hockey player who participated at the 2010 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Czech Republic National men's ice hockey team.	Petr Gřegořek	ice hockey
sport	The 2009 Grand Slam of Darts was the third staging of the darts tournament, the Grand Slam of Darts organised by the Professional Darts Corporation.	2009 Grand Slam of Darts	darts
sport	The 2001 Toray Pan Pacific Open was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Tokyo Metropolitan Gymnasium in Tokyo in Japan and was part of Tier I of the 2001 WTA Tour.	2001 Toray Pan Pacific Open	tennis
sport	The 1995 Fed Cup was the 33rd edition of the most important competition between national teams in women's tennis, and the first to bear the name Fed Cup.	1995 Fed Cup	tennis
sport	The 2012 Aegon Nottingham Challenge was a professional tennis tournament played on grass courts.	2012 Aegon Nottingham Challenge	tennis
sport	Filip Krajinović (Serbian Cyrillic: Филип Крајиновић; born 27 February 1992) is a Serbian professional tennis player, who achieved a career-high singles ranking of World No. 86 in April 2015.	Filip Krajinović	tennis
sport	Carol Ross (born June 11, 1959) is an American college and professional basketball coach.	Carol Ross	basketball
sport	Erick McIntosh (born May 27, 1987) is an American football defensive back who is currently a free agent.	Erick McIntosh	American football
sport	The 1999 Five Nations Championship (sponsored by Lloyds TSB) was the seventieth series of the rugby union Five Nations Championship.	1999 Five Nations Championship	rugby union
sport	The Georgia national under-17 football team represents the country of Georgia in association football at the under-17 youth level, and is controlled by the Georgian Football Federation.	Georgia national under-17 football team	association football
sport	The Turkish Women's Handball Super League (Turkish: Türkiye Kadınlar Hentbol Süper Ligi) is the top professional league for Turkish women's handball clubs.	Turkish Women's Handball Super League	handball
sport	José Luis López Peinado (born 21 May, 1943 in Tetuán, Morocco) is a former Spanish professional association football player.	José Luis López Peinado	association football
sport	Hyacinthe Henri Boncourt (1765? -- March 23, 1840) was one of the leading chess player in France in the years between 1820 and 1840.	Hyacinthe Henri Boncourt	chess
sport	Robert Schellander (born January 31, 1983) is an Austrian professional association football player who currently plays for Austrian Regional League side SC Bregenz.	Robert Schellander	association football
sport	François Rozenthal (born June 20, 1975 in Dunkirk, France) is a French ice hockey player.	François Rozenthal	ice hockey
sport	Middlesex County Cricket Club in 2005 played their cricket in Division One of the County Championship and Division Two of the totesport League.	Middlesex County Cricket Club in 2005	cricket
sport	Nataša Vezmar (born October 24, 1976 in Bjelovar) is a Croatian taekwondo practitioner, who competed in the women's heavyweight category.	Nataša Vezmar	taekwondo
sport	Amanda Carter (born 16 July 1964) is an Australian Paralympic wheelchair basketball player.	Amanda Carter	basketball
sport	The NHK Trophy is an international, senior-level figure skating competition held as part of the ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating series.	NHK Trophy	figure skating
sport	The Maybelline Classic (known as the Lynda Carter Maybelline Classic in 1983) is a defunct women's tennis tournament first held in 1980 and played every year until 1985.	Maybelline Classic	tennis
sport	Khadijah Rushdan (born May 12, 1988) is a professional basketball player who played in the 2012 WNBA preseason.	Khadijah Rushdan	basketball
sport	Tradition Field (formerly Thomas J. White Stadium and Digital Domain Park) is a baseball stadium located in Port St. Lucie, Florida.	Tradition Field	baseball
sport	Lunds ASK or Lund's Academic Chess Club (Lunds Akademiska Schackklubb) is a Premier League chess club who play in Lund, Sweden, and were founded in 1906.	Lunds ASK	chess
sport	The Poznań Open is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor red clay courts.	Poznań Open	tennis
sport	Apostolos Tsoptsis (Greek: Απόστολος Τσόπτσης, born 29 August 1972) is a Greek association football player and the manager of Edessaikos.	Apostolos Tsoptsis	association football
sport	Polisportiva S.S. Lazio Rugby 1927, based in Roma, is an Italian professional rugby union team.	S.S. Lazio Rugby 1927	rugby union
sport	Kevin Daley is much more than a professional basketball player.	Kevin Daley	basketball
sport	The Chiltern Football Club, nicknamed the Swans, is an Australian rules football club playing in the Tallangatta & District Football League.	Chiltern Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	The Bulgaria national football team (Bulgarian: Национален отбор по футбол на България) is an association football team fielded by the Bulgarian Football Union, a member association of UEFA.	Bulgaria national football team	association football
sport	Zenón Franco Ocampos (born 12 May 1956, Paraguay) is a chess grandmaster (GM) from Paraguay.	Zenón Franco Ocampos	chess
sport	SC Hauenstein is a German association football club from the municipality of Hauenstein, Rhineland-Palatinate.	SC Hauenstein	association football
sport	Constantin Henriquez was a Haitian-born French rugby union footballer.	Constantin Henriquez	rugby union
sport	The 2014 ICC World Cricket League Division Three was a cricket divisional tournament organised by International Cricket Council.	2014 ICC World Cricket League Division Three	cricket
sport	Stella de Heij (born 17 January 1968 in Driehuis) is a former field hockey goalkeeper from the Netherlands, who played eighteen international matches for her national team.	Stella de Heij	field hockey
sport	Dimitrios Katiakos (alternate spelling: Dimitris) (born March 10, 1987 in Cholargos, Attica, Greece) is a Greek professional basketball player.	Dimitrios Katiakos	basketball
sport	The 2013 Irani Cup, also called 2013 Irani Trophy, was the 51st season of the Irani Cup, a first-class cricket competition in India.	2013 Irani Cup	cricket
sport	Club Banco Hipotecario de la Nación, mostly known as BHN Rugby, is an Argentine rugby union and field hockey club based in Villa Celina, in La Matanza Partido of Greater Buenos Aires.	Club Banco Hipotecario	rugby union
sport	Nikša Kaleb (born 9 March 1973 in Metković) is a former Croatian handball player.	Nikša Kaleb	handball
sport	Sione Fua (/siːˈoʊneɪ ˈfuːɑː/ see-OH-nay FOO-ah; born June 15, 1988) is an American football nose tackle who is currently a free agent.	Sione Fua	American football
sport	Robert Kearney (born 26 March 1986), also referred to as Rob Kearney, is an Irish rugby union rugby player who currently plays for UCD, Leinster and Ireland.	Rob Kearney	rugby union
sport	Manuel Monsour Tabib del Rosario III (born May 11, 1965), best known as Monsour del Rosario, is a Filipino taekwondo champion who has also starred in several Filipino and international action films.	Monsour del Rosario	taekwondo
sport	The 1993 DFS Classic was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor grass courts that was part of Tier III of the 1993 WTA Tour.	1993 DFS Classic	tennis
sport	Vladimir Vuković (26 August 1898, Zagreb -- 18 November 1975, Zagreb) was a Croatian Jewish chess writer, theoretician, player, arbiter, and journalist.	Vladimir Vuković	chess
sport	The 2012 FAI Cup Final was the final match of the 2012 FAI Cup, the national association football cup of the Republic of Ireland.	2012 FAI Cup Final	association football
sport	The Kanada-malja is an ice hockey club championship trophy, awarded annually to the winner of the SM-liiga playoffs.	Kanada-malja	ice hockey
sport	Gerben de Knegt (born December 11, 1975) is a professional cyclo-cross racing cyclist and mountain biker from the Netherlands.	Gerben de Knegt	cyclo-cross
sport	Barbara Hund (born 10 October 1959, Darmstadt) is a chess woman grandmaster.	Barbara Hund	chess
sport	Roy Kinikinilau (born 14 February 1980) is a rugby union player who plays for the Ricoh Black Rams in the Top League in Japan.	Roy Kinikinilau	rugby union
sport	Matías Agüero (born 13 February 1981 in San Nicolas) is an Italian Argentine rugby union player who plays as a prop for Leicester Tigers.	Matías Agüero	rugby union
sport	The Deutschland Cup is an in-season international ice hockey tournament hosted by the German Ice Hockey Federation which has been contested in most years since 1987.	Deutschland Cup	ice hockey
sport	KSV Klein-Karben is a German association football club from Karben, Hesse and is part of a larger sports club founded in 1890.	KSV Klein-Karben	association football
sport	Blaine Taylor (born January 14, 1958) is an American college basketball coach and the former head coach of the Old Dominion Monarchs men's basketball team.	Blaine Taylor	basketball
sport	Ricardo Alonso González (May 9, 1928 -- July 3, 1995), also known as Richard Gonzales, and usually as Pancho Gonzales, was an American tennis player.	Pancho Gonzales	tennis
sport	The American National Rugby League (AMNRL) was a rugby league organization in the United States that operated from 1997 to 2014.	American National Rugby League	rugby league
sport	Johannes Bitter (born September 2, 1982 in Oldenburg) is a German team handball goalkeeper playing for HSV Hamburg and the German national team.	Johannes Bitter	handball
sport	The Harlem Wizards are a basketball team whose history goes back to 1962 when it was created by sports promoter, Howie Davis.	Harlem Wizards	basketball
sport	The Adelaide Rams were an Australian professional rugby league football club based in Adelaide, South Australia.	Adelaide Rams	rugby league
sport	Russian Basketball Federation (Russian: Российская федерация баскетбола), also known as RBF, is a national governing body of basketball in Russia.	Russian Basketball Federation	basketball
sport	Peter Markland (born April 13, 1951 in Bolton, Lancashire) is a British chess player.	Peter Markland	chess
sport	The 2009 Women's South American Volleyball Club Championship was the 2009 annual edition of the women's volleyball tournament, played by six teams from 3 countries over October 14--18, 2009 in Lima, Peru.	2009 Women's South American Volleyball Club Championship	volleyball
sport	The Virginia Wings were a professional ice hockey team based in Norfolk, Virginia of the greater Hampton Roads area.	Virginia Wings	ice hockey
sport	The Leicester Riders, officially known as the Jelson Homes Leicester Riders for sponsorship reasons, is a British professional basketball team that play in the British Basketball League (BBL).	Leicester Riders	basketball
sport	Viliame Satala born 19 July 1972 in Lautoka, Fiji is a Fijian rugby union footballer.	Viliame Satala	rugby union
sport	The USSR International in badminton was an international open held in the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics since 1973, and finished in 1992 with the dissolution of the Soviet Union and the establishment of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS), in its place.	USSR International	badminton
sport	The 1998 Toyota Princess Cup was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Ariake Coliseum in Tokyo in Japan that was part of Tier II of the 1998 WTA Tour.	1998 Toyota Princess Cup	tennis
sport	Club Belgrano de San Nicolás is a professional basketball team in San Nicolás de los Arroyos, Argentina playing in the Liga Nacional de Básquetbol (LNB).	Belgrano de San Nicolás	basketball
sport	Hockey Club Junior Milano Vipers was an Italian professional ice hockey team from Milan.	Milano Vipers	ice hockey
sport	Monika Soćko (née Bobrowska on 24 March 1978 in Warsaw) is a Polish chess grandmaster (GM).	Monika Soćko	chess
sport	The 1973 Australian Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor grass courts at the Kooyong Stadium in Melbourne in Australia and was held from 26 December 1972 to 1 January 1973.	1973 Australian Open	tennis
sport	Lloyd Sharrar (February 27, 1936 -- January 30, 1984) was an American basketball player who was a college All-American at West Virginia University (WVU) and played for several years in the Amateur Athletic Union.	Lloyd Sharrar	basketball
sport	The Hamburg Marathon is an annual marathon race over the classic distance of 42.195 km (26.219 mi) held in Hamburg, Germany.	Hamburg Marathon	marathon
sport	The 2008 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship Division B was the fourth edition of the Division B of the FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship, the second tier level of European basketball.	2008 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship Division B	basketball
sport	Keiunta Denard Span (born February 27, 1984) is an American professional baseball center fielder for the San Francisco Giants of Major League Baseball (MLB).	Denard Span	baseball
sport	The BC Aichach is a German association football club club from the town of Aichach, Bavaria.	BC Aichach	association football
sport	Witold Balcerowski (10 August 1935 - 9 November 2001) was a Polish chess player who twice won the Polish Chess Championship in 1962 and 1965.	Witold Balcerowski	chess
sport	Paul Herygers (born 22 November 1962) was a professional Belgian cyclo-cross cyclist from 1992 until 1999.	Paul Herygers	cyclo-cross
sport	Kjell Espen Knutsen Jahre (born January 12, 1972) is a retired Norwegian professional ice hockey player and currently the head coach of Vålerenga in the Norwegian GET-ligaen.	Espen Knutsen	ice hockey
sport	Maurie Fa'asavalu is a Samoan rugby union player who formerly played rugby league for St Helens.	Maurie Fa'asavalu	rugby league
sport	Aron Zabłudowski (1909--1941, Białystok) was a Polish chess master.	Aron Zabłudowski	chess
sport	Mälarhöjden/Bredäng Hockey (often referred to as MB Hockey or MB) is an ice hockey club based in Stockholm, Sweden.	Mälarhöjden/Bredäng Hockey	ice hockey
sport	Petr Nedvěd (born December 9, 1971) is a Czech Canadian former professional ice hockey player who spent 15 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL).	Petr Nedvěd	ice hockey
sport	Bàsquet Manresa, S.A.D., also known as ICL Manresa by sponsorship reasons, is a professional basketball team based in Manresa, Catalonia, Spain, playing in Liga ACB.	Bàsquet Manresa	basketball
sport	Michaël Guigou (born 28 January 1982) is a French handball player having played since the start of his career (in 1999) for Montpellier Handball.	Michaël Guigou	handball
sport	Corey Santee (born September 13, 1983) is an American professional basketball guard.	Corey Santee	basketball
sport	Cristian Ugalde García (born 19 October 1987) is a Spanish professional handball player for MVM Veszprém and the Spanish national team.	Cristian Ugalde	handball
sport	Antti Siltala (born 14 March 1984) is a Finnish professional volleyball player who has played in Greek, Turkish and Polish leagues.	Antti Siltala	volleyball
sport	The 2010 IFAF Women's World Championship was the first world championship of American football for women.	2010 IFAF Women's World Championship	American football
sport	The FIBA Americas Under-16 Championship for Women is an under-16 basketball championship in the International Basketball Federation's FIBA Americas zone.	FIBA Americas Under-16 Championship	basketball
sport	Ylon Schwartz (/ˈiːlɒn ˈʃwɔrts/; born c. 1970) is a chess master and professional poker player from Brooklyn, New York, and a fourth-place finisher in the $10,000 World Championship No Limit Hold'em Main Event of the 2008 World Series of Poker (WSOP), played on November 9, 2008.	Ylon Schwartz	chess
sport	The WTA Christchurch (also known by its corporate title of the Colgate International) is a defunct WTA Tour affiliated tennis tournament played in 1970--71 and 1978.	WTA Christchurch	tennis
sport	The 1935 FIBA European Championship, commonly called EuroBasket 1935, was the first FIBA EuroBasket regional basketball championship, held by FIBA Europe, as well as a test event preceding the first Olympic basketball tournament at the 1936 Summer Olympics.	EuroBasket 1935	basketball
sport	Moses Scurry (b. 14 June 1968 ) is a former college and professional basketball player.	Moses Scurry	basketball
sport	Jen-Ho Tseng(曾仁和) (born October 3, 1994) is a Taiwanese baseball player who represented Taiwan at the 2013 World Baseball Classic.	Jen-Ho Tseng	baseball
sport	Manute Bol (/məˈnuːt ˈboʊl/; October 16, 1962 -- June 19, 2010) was a Sudanese-born American basketball player and political activist.	Manute Bol	basketball
sport	Oscar De La Hoya vs. Hector Camacho, billed as ``Opposites Attack'', was a professional boxing match contested on September 13, 1997 for the WBC and lineal welterweight championships.	Oscar De La Hoya vs. Hector Camacho	boxing
sport	The 2006 Open 13 was an ATP men's tennis tournament held in Marseille, France.	2006 Open 13	tennis
sport	Villefranche XIII Aveyron are a semi-professional rugby league football club based in southern France that represents the sous-préfecture area of Aveyron and also the Villefranche-de-Rouergue commune.	Villefranche XIII Aveyron	rugby league
sport	Anton Kazarnovski (born January 21, 1985) is an Israeli-Russian professional basketball Center who currently plays for Karpoš Sokoli.	Anton Kazarnovski	basketball
sport	The Mount Pritchard Mounties Rugby League Football Club (sponsored by Mounties Group) is an Australian rugby league football club based in Mount Pritchard, New South Wales formed in 1927.	Mount Pritchard Mounties	rugby league
sport	Jennifer Digbeu (born 14 April 1987 in Lyon, France) is a French basketball player who has played 56 times for the French women's national basketball team since her debut against Turkey in 2008.Jennifer's brother Alain Digbeu is also a basketball player.	Jennifer Digbeu	basketball
sport	The 2010 ICC Africa Under-19 Championships or 2010 ICC Africa Under-19 World Cup Qualifiers were two cricket events organised by the African Cricket Association.	2010 ICC Africa Under-19 Championships	cricket
sport	The Rec.Sport.Soccer Statistics Foundation (RSSSF) is an international organization dedicated to collecting statistics about association football.	Rec.Sport.Soccer Statistics Foundation	association football
sport	Daphne Seeney (born 2 February 1933), married name Daphne Fancutt, is an Australian former tennis player whose career spanned the 1950s.	Daphne Seeney	tennis
sport	Cory Conacher (born December 14, 1989) is a Canadian professional ice hockey center currently playing for SC Bern of the Swiss National League A (NLA).	Cory Conacher	ice hockey
sport	Scott Drapeau (born 1970s) is an American former basketball player known for his collegiate career at the University of New Hampshire (UNH).	Scott Drapeau	basketball
sport	The Queensland Country Heelers is an amateur rugby union football team that represents the regions of Queensland outside of Brisbane.	Queensland Country Heelers	rugby union
sport	Giorgos Danas (Greek: Γιώργος Δανάς; born June 22, 1991, in Rhodes, Greece) is a Greek professional basketball player who plays for Promitheas Patras.	Giorgos Danas	basketball
sport	Annelize Naudé (born 1 January 1977) is a professional squash player from the Netherlands.	Annelize Naudé	squash
sport	The 2015 Mutua Madrid Open was a professional tennis tournament that was played on outdoor clay courts at the Park Manzanares in Madrid, Spain from 3--10 May.	2015 Mutua Madrid Open	tennis
sport	Marvin Joey Iosefa (born June 19, 1991) is an American football fullback on the practice squad for the New England Patriots of the National Football League (NFL).	Joey Iosefa	American football
sport	The FINA Water Polo World League is an international water polo league organized by FINA, which plays annually, typically from winter through to June.	FINA Water Polo World League	water polo
sport	Federico Luzzi (3 January 1980 -- 25 October 2008) was a professional tennis player from Italy who had been ranked as high as World No. 92.	Federico Luzzi	tennis
sport	Billy Eppler (born 1975) is an American baseball executive.	Billy Eppler	baseball
sport	British Chess Magazine is the world's oldest chess journal in continuous publication.	British Chess Magazine	chess
sport	The 2011 Cricket Canada Summer Festival was a cricket tournament in Canada, taking place between 11--13 August 2011.	2011 Cricket Canada Summer Festival	cricket
sport	Valter Bonacina (born 30 July 1964 in Bergamo) is an Italian association football coach, currently of Foggia and former player.	Valter Bonacina	association football
sport	Marielle Amant (born 9 December 1989 in Le Lamentin, Martinique) is a French basketball player for Nantes Basket and the French national team, where she participated at the 2014 FIBA World Championship.	Marielle Amant	basketball
sport	The Gibraltar national football team represents the Gibraltar in association football and is controlled by the Gibraltar Football Association (GFA), the governing body of the sport there.	Gibraltar national football team	association football
sport	The 2010 Rally Sweden was the opening round of the 2010 World Rally Championship season.	2010 Rally Sweden	2010 World Rally Championship season
sport	Ties Theeuwkens (born January 15, 1985) is a Dutch professional basketball player for Challenge Sports Rotterdam in the Dutch Basketball League.	Ties Theeuwkens	basketball
sport	The 1995 Qatar Open, known as the 1995 Qatar ExxonMobil Open for sponsorship reasons, was a men's tennis ATP tournament held in Doha, Qatar and played on outdoor hard courts.	1995 Qatar Open	tennis
sport	The 1910 NHA season was the first season of the National Hockey Association men's professional ice hockey league.	1910 NHA season	ice hockey
sport	Lori Dupuis (born November 14, 1972) is a Canadian women's ice hockey player.	Lori Dupuis	ice hockey
sport	Chad Bassen (born April 25, 1983) is a Canadian-German professional ice hockey forward who is currently playing with the Iserlohn Roosters of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).	Chad Bassen	ice hockey
sport	Gürkan Çetinkaya (born on December 4, 1987) is a Turkish ice hockey player.	Gürkan Çetinkaya	ice hockey
sport	Ryan Joseph Ramos Rizada, better known as R.J. Rizada, (born October 5, 1982 in Davao) is a Filipino professional basketball player who currently plays for the Petron Blaze Boosters in the Philippine Basketball Association.	R.J. Rizada	basketball
sport	The 1984 WTA German Open was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Berlin, Germany that was part of the 1984 Virginia Slims World Championship Series.	1984 WTA German Open	tennis
sport	The 1993 International Tennis Championships was an ATP Tour tennis tournament held in Coral Springs, Florida from 10 May until 17 May 1993.	1993 International Tennis Championships	tennis
sport	The Manchester Spartans were an English American football club based in Manchester.	Manchester Spartans	American football
sport	Peter Dods (born 6 January 1958) is a former international rugby union player, who played fullback for Gala and Scotland.	Peter Dods	rugby union
sport	Chin-Feng Chen (simplified Chinese: 陈金锋; traditional Chinese: 陳金鋒; pinyin: Chén Jīnfēng; Wade--Giles: Ch'en2 Chin1-Feng1; born October 28, 1977) is a baseball outfielder who was the first player born in Taiwan to play in Major League Baseball.	Chin-Feng Chen	baseball
sport	Vishal Sareen (born in 1973) is a chess International Master.	Vishal Sareen	chess
sport	Jan Štokr (born 16 January 1983) is a Czech volleyball player (opposite), a member of Czech Republic men's national volleyball team and Korean club Suwon KEPCO Vixtorm.	Jan Štokr	volleyball
sport	Nenad Zivčević (born February 28, 1986) is a Macedonian and Serbian professional basketball Small forward.	Nenad Zivčević	basketball
sport	Panayotis Papoulias (Greek: Παναγιώτης Παπούλιας; born 9 December 1969) is a Greek former track and field athlete who competing middle- and long-distance running events.	Panayotis Papoulias	track and field
sport	ECWA Heavyweight Championship is the top title contested in the independent professional wrestling promotion East Coast Wrestling Association.	ECWA Heavyweight Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Max Rousié (18 July 1912 - 2 June 1959) was a French rugby league and rugby union footballer who rose to prominence in the 1930s.	Max Rousié	rugby union
sport	Bridgend Ravens (formerly Bridgend RFC) are a semi-professional rugby union club based in Bridgend, South Wales.	Bridgend Ravens	rugby union
sport	The 2004 NatWest Series was a One Day International cricket tri-series sponsored by the National Westminster Bank that took place in England between 24 June and 10 July 2004.	2004 NatWest Series	cricket
sport	The Port Adelaide Football Club is a professional Australian rules football club based in Alberton, Port Adelaide, South Australia.	Port Adelaide Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	The WTA Tier III tournaments were Women's Tennis Association tennis third-level tournaments held from 1990 until the end of the 2008 season.	WTA Tier III tournaments	tennis
sport	Christina Bauer (born January 1, 1988) is a French volleyball player of Fenerbahçe from Turkey.	Christina Bauer	volleyball
sport	FC Mostransgaz Gazoprovod (Russian: Футбольный клуб ``Мострансгаз'' Газопровод) is a defunct Russian association football club based in Moscow.	FC Mostransgaz Gazoprovod	association football
sport	The 1991 Westchester Cup was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Westchester, New York in the United States.	1991 Westchester Cup	tennis
sport	İzzet Türkyılmaz (born May 20, 1990) is a Turkish professional basketball player currently playing for Turkish Basketball League club Galatasaray.	İzzet Türkyılmaz	basketball
sport	The Balkan Cup was an international association football tournament contested on and off from 1929 to 1980 by countries from the Balkans region.	Balkan Cup	association football
sport	Lorenzo Mata-Real (born July 8, 1986) is an American-born of Mexican descent professional basketball player in Mexico's Liga Nacional de Baloncesto Profesional (LNBP).	Lorenzo Mata	basketball
sport	The 2009 Hungarian Figure Skating Championships (Hungarian: Senior Országos Bajnokság 2009 ) were the Hungarian Figure Skating Championships of the 2008-2009 figure skating season.	2009 Hungarian Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	The 2008 Golden Spin of Zagreb (Croatian: Zlatna pirueta Zagreba) was the Golden Spin of Zagreb competition for the 2008--2009 figure skating season.	2008 Golden Spin of Zagreb	figure skating
sport	The 1992 Hopman Cup was the fourth edition to the Hopman Cup tennis event.	1992 Hopman Cup	tennis
sport	The Brisbane Heat are an Australian men's professional twenty20 cricket team that competes in the Big Bash League.	Brisbane Heat	cricket
sport	BC Kyiv (Ukrainian: БК ``Київ'') is a Ukrainian professional basketball club based in Kiev.	BC Kyiv	basketball
sport	Marigje Degrande (born 7 August 1992) is a Belgian chess player from Bruges, West Flanders.	Marigje Degrande	chess
sport	Romeo Sacchetti (born August 20, 1953 in Altamura) is a former professional basketball player, and current basketball coach from Italy, who won the silver medal with his national team at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in Moscow.	Romeo Sacchetti	basketball
sport	The Hartford Dark Blues were a 19th-century baseball team.	Hartford Dark Blues	baseball
sport	HC MVD (Russian: ХК МВД) was a professional ice hockey club based in Balashikha, Moscow Oblast, Russia.	HC MVD	ice hockey
sport	The Southern Spears, were a South African rugby union franchise who were originally founded in 2005 and were intended to participate in Super 14 from 2007 onwards; however, their proposed entry into the competition led to considerable controversy within the country's rugby establishment.	Southern Spears	rugby union
sport	Michel Enríquez Tamayo (born February 11, 1979 in Nueva Gerona, Isla de la Juventud) is a Cuban baseball third baseman.	Michel Enríquez	baseball
sport	Behnam Mahmoudi (Persian: بهنام محمودی‎, born April 25, 1980 in Meyaneh) is an Iranian former volleyball player, who capped for more than 8 years in the Iranian National Volleyball Team.	Behnam Mahmoudi	volleyball
sport	The 2004 ATP Buenos Aires was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Buenos Aires Lawn Tennis Club in Buenos Aires in Argentina and was part of the International Series of the 2004 ATP Tour.	2004 ATP Buenos Aires	tennis
sport	The 2010 Giro dell'Emilia was the 93rd of this single day road bicycle racing.	2010 Giro dell'Emilia	road bicycle racing
sport	The Indianapolis Blues were a baseball team in the National League only during the 1878 season and finished fifth in the six-team league with a 24-36 record.	Indianapolis Blues	baseball
sport	Gauri Shankar (born October 1, 1992) is an Indian chess player who is currently a FIDE Master.	Gauri Shankar	chess
sport	Vojo Gardašević (born 10 October 1940) is a Montenegrin association football coach and former player.	Vojo Gardašević	association football
sport	Christophe Porcu (born 5 May 1971 in Mauvezin, France) is a French international rugby union player.	Christophe Porcu	rugby union
sport	Durham Tigers are a rugby league club based in Sunnydale Leisure Centre, Shildon, County Durham in the North East of England.	Durham Tigers	rugby league
sport	Jeff Lima (born 4 July 1982 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Canberra Raiders in the National Rugby League.	Jeff Lima	rugby league
sport	Yvonne Vermaak (born 18 December 1956) is a former tour tennis player who represented her native South Africa.	Yvonne Vermaak	tennis
sport	The Vodacom Players Championship was a golf tournament on the Sunshine Tour that was held in South Africa.	Vodacom Players Championship	golf
sport	Morgan Parra (born 15 November 1988) is a French rugby union player who plays as a Scrum-half and occasionally Fly-half.	Morgan Parra	rugby union
sport	Baadur Jobava (Georgian: ბაადურ ჯობავა; born 26 November 1983) is a Georgian chess grandmaster and three-time Georgian champion (2003,2007, 2012).	Baadur Jobava	chess
sport	Jacques-Louis Potgieter (born 2 September 1984 in Pretoria) is a South African rugby union player, currently playing with French Top 14 side Lyon.	Jacques-Louis Potgieter	rugby union
sport	Trefl Sopot is a Polish professional basketball team, based in Sopot, Poland.	Trefl Sopot	basketball
sport	Ismaïla Sy (born May 29, 1979 in Versailles. France) is a French basketball player who played for French Pro A league clubs Nancy during 2003-2004 season,Brest during 2005-2006 season and Hyeres-Toulon during 2007-2008 season.	Ismaïla Sy	basketball
sport	Simone Carmichael (née Ferrara) (born 7 June 1977) is an association football player who represented New Zealand at international level.	Simone Carmichael	association football
sport	Pascal Vincent (born September 22, 1971 in Laval, Quebec) is a retired ice hockey player and current assistant coach of the Winnipeg Jets.	Pascal Vincent	ice hockey
sport	SG Rot-Weiss Frankfurt 01 is a German association football club from Frankfurt am Main.	Rot-Weiss Frankfurt	association football
sport	The 2011 Inter-Provincial Twenty20 was the fourth and final season of the Inter-Provincial Twenty20, the official Twenty20 domestic cricket competition in Sri Lanka.	2011 Inter-Provincial Twenty20	cricket
sport	FV Speyer was a German association football club from the town of Speyer, Rhineland-Palatinate.	FV Speyer	association football
sport	``Let's Go Mets Go!'' (also entitled ``Let's Go Mets!'') was the rally song of the 1986 World Series champion New York Mets baseball team.	Let's Go Mets Go	baseball
sport	The ICC Americas Championship is the continental cricket championship for the Americas region, for Affiliate and Associate members of the International Cricket Council in North, Central and South America, and the Caribbean.	ICC Americas Championship	cricket	cricket
sport	Rameez Junaid (born 25 May 1981) is an Australian professional tennis player of Pakistani descent.	Rameez Junaid	tennis
sport	Olga Fateeva (Russian: Ольга Фатеева; born 4 May 1984) is a Russian volleyball player.	Olga Fateeva	volleyball
sport	The Colorado Rockies are an American professional baseball team based in Denver, Colorado..	Colorado Rockies	baseball
sport	The 1990 Chevrolet Classic was a men's tennis tournament held in Guarujá in Brazil and played on clay courts.	1990 Chevrolet Classic	tennis
sport	Turid Smedsgård is a Norwegian former handball goalkeeper.	Turid Smedsgård	handball
sport	The 2008 Morgan State Bears football team played American football on behalf of the Morgan State University.	2008 Morgan State Bears football team	American football
sport	The 2000 Indian Wells Masters (also known as Tennis Masters Series Indian Wells) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts.	2000 Indian Wells Masters	tennis
sport	The 2015 Tour of Qinghai Lake is the 14th edition of an annual professional road bicycle racing stage race held in Qinghai Province, China since 2002, named after Qinghai Lake.	2015 Tour of Qinghai Lake	road bicycle racing
sport	William Frederick Stelling (born 30 June 1969 in Johannesburg, South Africa), better known as Billy Stelling, is a Dutch cricket player.	Billy Stelling	cricket
sport	Miljan Goljović (born August 27, 1971) is a Serbian-born retired Slovenian professional basketball player.	Miljan Goljović	basketball
sport	The 2013 State of Origin series was the 33rd time the annual best-of-three series between the Queensland and New South Wales rugby league teams was played entirely under 'state of origin' rules.	2013 State of Origin series	rugby league
sport	Omm'A Givens is a former high school basketball All-American, and center on the 1995 UCLA Bruins men's basketball national championship team.	Omm'A Givens	basketball
sport	FIBA Europe is a zone within the International Basketball Federation (FIBA) which includes all 52 national European basketball federations.	FIBA Europe	basketball
sport	IK Comet Halden is an ice hockey club based in Halden, Norway.	IK Comet	ice hockey
sport	Tasha Butts (born March 10, 1982) is an American retired women's basketball player from Milledgeville, Georgiaand currently an assistant coach at LSU.	Tasha Butts	basketball
sport	The Steenbergcross (Dutch for stone mountain cross) is a cyclo-cross race held in Erpe-Mere, Belgium with the first edition in 2002.	Steenbergcross	cyclo-cross
sport	Doncaster RLFC is a professional rugby league football club, from Doncaster, South Yorkshire.	Doncaster RLFC	rugby league
sport	Union Tours Basket Métropole (English: Tours Basketball Union Metropolis) is a French semi-professional basketball club based in the city of Tours in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.	Union Tours Basket Métropole	basketball
sport	The State Farm Women's Tennis Classic was a tennis tournament held in Scottsdale, Arizona, United States from 2000 to 2003.	State Farm Women's Tennis Classic	tennis
sport	The 2010 Italian Figure Skating Championships (Italian: Campionati Italiani Assoluti 2010 Pattinaggio Di Figura Su Ghiaccio) were the Italian Figure Skating Championships of the 2009-2010 figure skating season.	2010 Italian Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	Ricoh Black Rams is a Japanese rugby union team in the Top League.	Ricoh Black Rams	rugby union
sport	The 2007 French Super Series is the tenth tournament of the 2007 BWF Super Series in badminton.	2007 French Super Series	badminton
sport	The 2006 European Youth Baseball Championship was an international baseball competition held in Gijon, Spain from July 4 to July 9, 2006.	2006 European Youth Baseball Championship	baseball
sport	David Chiotti (born September 9, 1984) is an Italian-American basketball player who is currently playing for Olimpia Milano since 2012.	David Chiotti	basketball
sport	Greg Koubek (born March 15, 1969 in Clifton Park, New York) is a retired American basketball player best known for his collegiate career at Duke University between 1988 and 1991.	Greg Koubek	basketball
sport	Josef Beránek (Czech pronunciation: (ˈjɔzɛf ˈbɛraːnɛk)) (born October 25, 1969) is a Czech former professional ice hockey player and coach.	Josef Beránek	ice hockey
sport	Runcorn RLC are a rugby league club based in Runcorn, Cheshire.	Runcorn RLC	rugby league
sport	Martyn Kravtsiv (Ukrainian: Мартин Кравців; born 26 November 1990 in Lviv) is a Ukrainian chess grandmaster (2009).	Martyn Kravtsiv	chess
sport	The Emami Kolkata Open ATP Challenger Tour (formerly known as State Bank of India ATP Challenger Tour) is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts.	Emami Kolkata Open ATP Challenger Tour	tennis
sport	Steed Tchicamboud (born June 18, 1981) is a French professional basketball player for who last played for Paris-Levallois of the LNB Pro A.	Steed Tchicamboud	basketball
sport	The 2009 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship Game was the finals of the 2009 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament and it determined the National Champion for the 2008-09 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.	2009 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship Game	basketball
sport	The Canadian Open Chess Championship is Canada's Open chess championship, first held in 1956, and held annually since 1973, usually in mid-summer.	Canadian Open Chess Championship	chess
sport	Esther Epstein (born May 10, 1954) is a United States chess player and systems manager, who has won the U.S. Women's Chess Champion in 1991 and 1997.	Esther Epstein	chess
sport	The Lowlanders Białystok is an American football team based in Białystok, Poland, which currently competes in the PLFA I, the second division of Polish American Football League.	Lowlanders Białystok	American football
sport	Frank Hilton (born 1884, died unknown) was an English professional association football player in the years prior to the First World War.	Frank Hilton	association football
sport	SpVg Bönen is a German association football club from Altenbögge in Bönen.	SpVg Bönen	association football
sport	Lituania Tilsit was a German association football club from the city of Tilsit, East Prussia (today Sovetsk, Russia).	Lituania Tilsit	association football
sport	The Nordsjælland Cobras were a Danish professional ice hockey team that used to play in the top Danish ice hockey league AL-Bank Ligaen.After filing for bankruptcy at the end of the 2009-2010 season, the team was excluded from the following season.	Nordsjælland Cobras	ice hockey
sport	The BMW ISPS Handa New Zealand Open is the premier men's golf tournament in New Zealand.	New Zealand Open	golf
sport	The 2013 WTA Tour Championships was a tennis tournament at Istanbul, Turkey from 22 to 27 October 2013.	2013 WTA Tour Championships	tennis
sport	Pablo Ricardi (born 25 February 1962, Buenos Aires) is an Argentine chess grandmaster.	Pablo Ricardi	chess
sport	Darius Songaila (born February 14, 1978) is a Lithuanian former professional basketball player and currently assistant coach for Žalgiris Kaunas.	Darius Songaila	basketball
sport	The FIE Fencing World Cup is an international fencing competition held by the Fédération Internationale d'Escrime.	Fencing World Cup	fencing
sport	The Hank Aaron Award is given annually to the Major League Baseball (MLB) players selected as the top hitter in each league, as voted on by baseball fans and members of the media.	Hank Aaron Award	baseball
sport	Gert Ligterink (born 17 November 1949 in Oldekerk) is a Dutch chess player.	Gert Ligterink	chess
sport	The Larkana Bulls is a limited overs cricket team based in Larkana, Sindh, Pakistan.	Larkana Bulls	cricket
sport	Romain Taofifénua (born 14 September 1990 in Mont-de-Marsan) is a French rugby union player, playing as Lock for Toulon in the Top 14.	Romain Taofifénua	rugby union
sport	Parallel bars is an apparatus used by gymnasts in artistic gymnastics.	Parallel bars	artistic gymnastics
sport	Lowell Hamilton (born May 3, 1966) was a former high school and college basketball player during the 1980s.	Lowell Hamilton	basketball
sport	Dwayne Anderson, II (born June 22, 1986) is an American basketball coach.	Dwayne Anderson	basketball
sport	Vladimir Krstić (born July 27, 1972 in Osijek, SR Croatia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Croatian professional basketball coach and former professional player.	Vladimir Krstić	basketball
sport	Ties Kruize (born 17 November 1952) is a former field hockey player from the Netherlands.	Ties Kruize	field hockey
sport	Bradley Ronald Johnstone (born 30 July 1950), known as Brad Johnstone, is a former New Zealand rugby union footballer and a current coach.	Brad Johnstone	rugby union
sport	FK Šaca is a Slovak association football club located in Šaca which is a borough of Košice.	FK Šaca	association football
sport	The South London Pirates, known until 2012 as the Croydon Pirates, is a British baseball club based in South London.	South London Pirates	baseball
sport	Trine Haltvik (born March 23, 1965 in Trondheim) is a Norwegian handball coach and former player.	Trine Haltvik	handball
sport	Callaway Golf Company is an American global sporting goods company that designs, manufactures, markets and sells golf equipment, golf accessories and golf lifestyle-related products in more than 70 countries worldwide.	Callaway Golf Company	golf
sport	Viljar Veski (born April 29, 1986) is an Estonian basketball player, who currently plays in the Spanish third division for Palma Air Europa.	Viljar Veski	basketball
sport	Marco Salvatore (born February 20, 1986) is an Austrian professional association football player currently playing for SV Horn in the Austrian Football First League.	Marco Salvatore	association football
sport	Juvenia Stadium (Polish: Stadion Juvenii Kraków) is a rugby union stadium in Kraków, Poland.	Juvenia Stadium	rugby union
sport	The Greatest Baseball Game Never Played was a 1982 simulated broadcast of a hypothetical baseball game between all-time Major League Baseball greats.	The Greatest Baseball Game Never Played	baseball
sport	Stanley Havili (born November 14, 1987) is an American football fullback who is on the Seattle Seahawks practice squad.	Stanley Havili	American football
sport	Mélodie Daoust (born January 7, 1992) is a women's ice hockey player from Canada.	Mélodie Daoust	ice hockey
sport	Paola Croce (born March 6, 1978 in Rome) is an Italian volleyball player, who plays as a libero.	Paola Croce	volleyball
sport	The Naismith College Player of the Year is an annual basketball award given by the Atlanta Tipoff Club to the top men's and women's collegiate basketball players.	Naismith College Player of the Year	basketball
sport	Kimmie Meissner began figure skating at age six after watching her older brothers playing ice hockey.	Kimmie Meissner	figure skating
sport	The 1959 Scottish Cup Final was an association football match between St Mirren F.C. and Aberdeen F.C. on 25 April 1959 at Hampden Park in Glasgow, Scotland.	1959 Scottish Cup Final	association football
sport	The Chess Monthly was a short-lived monthly chess magazine produced from January 1857 and May 1861 in the United States.	The Chess Monthly	chess
sport	The Toledo Goaldiggers were a minor professional ice hockey club based in Toledo, OH from 1974-1986.	Toledo Goaldiggers	ice hockey
sport	The Melbourne Ice are a semi-professional ice hockey team in the Australian Ice Hockey League.	Melbourne Ice	ice hockey
sport	Mason Cole (born March 28, 1996) is an American football player.	Mason Cole	American football
sport	Andrew Jarrett (born 9 January 1958 in Belper, Derbyshire, England), is a former professional tennis player from the United Kingdom.	Andrew Jarrett	tennis
sport	Rotherham Giants is a rugby league team based in Rotherham, South Yorkshire, playing in the Yorkshire Premier of the Rugby League Conference.	Rotherham Giants	rugby league
sport	Hélio Rubens Garcia (born Franca, Brazil, September 2, 1940), known as Hélio Rubens, is a former Brazilian basketball player and coach.	Hélio Rubens Garcia	basketball
sport	The Nelson Mandela Challenge Plate is a rugby union trophy contested between Australia and South Africa.	Mandela Challenge Plate	rugby union
sport	The Rugby Nordic Cup is the biggest club rugby union tournament in Scandinavia, annually pitching the champions of each Nordic county against each other to find out who is the best.	Rugby Nordic Cup	rugby union
sport	Paul Maurice (born January 30, 1967) is a Canadian former ice hockey player and current head coach of the Winnipeg Jets of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Paul Maurice	ice hockey
sport	The Southampton Trailblazers were a basketball club based in Southampton, England, which competed in the English Basketball League Division 3 (South) at the time of the club's demise.	Southampton Trailblazers	basketball
sport	Kyle Connor (born December 9, 1996) is an American ice hockey player, who currently plays college ice hockey for the Michigan Wolverines of the Big Ten Conference.	Kyle Connor	ice hockey
sport	Greg Pankewicz (born October 6, 1970) is a Canadian ice hockey coach and former professional ice hockey player.	Greg Pankewicz	ice hockey
sport	The Japan national under-17 football team is a national association football youth team of Japan and is controlled by the Japan Football Association.	Japan national under-17 football team	association football
sport	The Czech Women's Handball First Division is the premier category of the Czech Republic's women's handball national league.	Czech Women's Handball First Division	handball
sport	Terry Simpson (born August 30, 1943 in Brantford, Ontario) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player and a former NHL head coach.	Terry Simpson	ice hockey
sport	The Hokkaido Marathon held in Sapporo, Hokkaidō, Japan, is one of the prominent marathon races of the year.	Hokkaido Marathon	marathon
sport	Neerim-Neerim South Football Club, nicknamed The Cats, is an Australian rules football club in the Ellinbank & District Football League.	Neerim-Neerim South Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	The UEFA Women's Euro 2013 Final was an association football match on 28 July 2013 at the Friends Arena in Solna, Sweden, to determine the winner of UEFA Women's Euro 2013.	UEFA Women's Euro 2013 Final	association football
sport	Kristina Elez (born 22 May 1987 as Kristina Franić) is a Croatian handball player and a member of the Croatian national team.	Kristina Elez	handball
sport	Max Harmonist (Berlin, 10 February 1864--16 October 1907) was a leading German chess master.	Max Harmonist	chess
taxon rank	Hedera canariensis is a species of Ivy (genus Hedera) which is native to the Atlantic coast in Canary islands and northern Africa.	Hedera canariensis	species
voice type	Olga Sober (Šober) (born in Sarajevo) is an opera singer and leading soprano in the Croatian National Theatre in Rijeka.	Olga Sober	soprano
voice type	Giuseppina Ronzi de Begnis (born Giuseppina Ronzi; Milan 11 January 1800 - died, Florence, 7 June 1853) was an Italian soprano opera singer famous for the roles written for her by the prominent composers of the 1820s and 1830s.	Giuseppina Ronzi de Begnis	soprano
voice type	Pauline Wales (born 1938) is an English singer and actress best known for her performances in the mezzo-soprano roles of the Gilbert and Sullivan operas with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company.	Pauline Wales	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Teresa Stolz (born 2 June 1834, Elbekosteletz (Czech: Kostelec nad Labem), Bohemia -- died 23 August 1902, Milan) was a Bohemian soprano, long resident in Italy, who was associated with significant premieres of the works of Giuseppe Verdi, and may have been his mistress.	Teresa Stolz	soprano
voice type	Joan Pons Álvarez (Ciutadella, Spain, 8 August 1946), is a Spanish operatic baritone, known internationally as Juan Pons.	Juan Pons	baritone
voice type	Therese Malten was the stage name of Therese Müller (21 June 1855 -- 2 January 1930), a well-known German dramatic soprano.	Therese Malten	soprano
voice type	Jessica Rivera (born 1974) is an American soprano of Peruvian-American ancestry.	Jessica Rivera	soprano
voice type	Beverly Bower (September 30, 1925 -- March 24, 2002) was an American operatic soprano who had an active international opera career from the mid-1950s through the early 1970s.	Beverly Bower	soprano
voice type	Aprile Millo (born April 14, 1958) is an American operatic soprano of Italian and Irish ancestry who is particularly admired for her interpretations of the works of Giuseppe Verdi.	Aprile Millo	soprano
voice type	Stoyanka Savova Nikolova, best known by her stage name Elena Nicolai (24 January 1905 -- 23 October 1993), was a Bulgarian mezzo-soprano and opera singer.	Elena Nicolai	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Pavel Koshetz (Russian: Павел Алексеевич Кошиц; real last name is Poray-Koshetz (ru:Порай-Кошиц); December 14, 1863 in Kiev Oblast, Russian Empire -- March 2, 1904 in Moscow) was a Russian opera singer (tenor).	Pavel Koshetz	tenor
voice type	Joanne Lunn is an English classical soprano in opera and concert.	Joanne Lunn	soprano
voice type	Claramae Turner (née Haas, October 28, 1920 - May 18, 2013) was an American operatic contralto, perhaps best known for her appearance in the film Carousel (1956), adapted from the Rodgers and Hammerstein stage musical of the same name.	Claramae Turner	contralto
voice type	James Billings (born 1932, Springfield, Missouri) is an American operatic baritone, librettist, and opera director.	James Billings	baritone
voice type	Eva Mylott (1875 - 20 March 1920) was an Australian contralto opera singer.	Eva Mylott	contralto
voice type	Giuditta Grisi (28 July 1805 -- 1 May 1840) was an Italian operatic mezzo-soprano, sister of soprano Giulia Grisi and cousin of ballerina Carlotta Grisi.	Giuditta Grisi	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Karan Armstrong (born December 14, 1941, Havre, Montana) is an American operatic soprano, who is celebrated as a singing-actress.	Karan Armstrong	soprano
voice type	Giacomo Lauri-Volpi (December 11, 1892 -- March 17, 1979) was an Italian tenor with a lyric-dramatic voice of exceptional range and technical facility.	Giacomo Lauri-Volpi	tenor
voice type	Zhang Liping (simplified Chinese: 张立萍; traditional Chinese: 張立萍; born 1965) is a Chinese-Canadian soprano, who has sung leading roles in the opera houses of both Europe and North America.	Zhang Liping	soprano
voice type	Hélène Bouvier (June 20, 1905, Paris -- March 11, 1978, Paris) was a French operatic mezzo-soprano, particularly associated with the French repertoire.	Hélène Bouvier	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Anton Schott (born Schloss Staufeneck, Bavaria, June 24, 1846 - died Stuttgart, January 6, 1913) was a German dramatic tenor.	Anton Schott	tenor
voice type	The Toronto Star described her part in the program as ``a series of musical confections smartly wrapped in Liberian-born and New York-based Dawn Padmore's silky soprano'' and he concluded: ``and Dawn Padmore should be encouraged to visit us as often as possible...''	Dawn Padmore	soprano
voice type	Kari Rueslåtten (Trondheim, October 3, 1973) is a Norwegian soprano singer, songwriter and keyboardist, who was well known for being the former lead singer and songwriter for the now disbanded Norwegian doom metal/experimental band, The 3rd and the Mortal from 1992 to 1994.	Kari Rueslåtten	soprano
voice type	Colette Alliot-Lugaz (born 20 July 1947) is a French soprano, particularly associated with Mozart.	Colette Alliot-Lugaz	soprano
voice type	Elvira Casazza (15 November 1887 -- 24 January 1965) was an Italian mezzo-soprano opera singer (also known as Elvira Mari-Casazza).	Elvira Casazza	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Ana María Martínez (born 1971) is a Puerto Rican-American soprano.	Ana María Martínez	soprano
voice type	Gustáv Papp (28 September 1919 -- 7 October 1997) was a Slovak operatic tenor who had an active international career during the 1940s through the 1980s.	Gustáv Papp	tenor
voice type	Romilda Pantaleoni (1847 -- 20 May 1917) was an Italian soprano who had a prolific opera career in Italy during the 1870s and 1880s.	Romilda Pantaleoni	soprano
voice type	Marie Te Hapuku (formerly Marie-Adele McArthur) is an operatic soprano from Gisborne, New Zealand and is a direct descendant of the Māori chief, Te Hapuku.	Marie Te Hapuku	soprano
voice type	Jörg Dürmüller (born 28 August 1959 in Bern) is a Swiss classical tenor in concert and opera.	Jörg Dürmüller	tenor
voice type	Marie Selika Williams (c. 1849--1937) was an American coloratura soprano.	Marie Selika Williams	soprano
voice type	Gitta Alpár (née Regina Klopfer; 5 February 1903 -- 17 February 1991), was a Hungarian-born opera and operetta soprano.	Gitta Alpár	soprano
voice type	Jon Garrison (né Jon Long; born December 11, 1944 in Higginsville, Missouri) is a successful American operatic tenor who has been performing in locations around the world since 1965.	Jon Garrison	tenor
voice type	Richard Mayr (18 November 1877, in Henndorf -- 1 December 1935, in Vienna) was an Austrian operatic bass-baritone who was particularly admired for his performances in works by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Richard Wagner and Richard Strauss.	Richard Mayr	bass
voice type	Anthony Stuart Lloyd (born 1967, Cardiff) is a Welsh baritone opera singer from Wales.	Anthony Stuart Lloyd	baritone
voice type	Giuseppe Giacomini (*September 7, 1940; Veggiano near Padua, Italy) is an Italian dramatic tenor.	Giuseppe Giacomini	tenor
voice type	Hermann Prey (11 July 1929 -- 22 July 1998) was a German lyric baritone, best known for his lieder renditions and for light comic roles in opera.	Hermann Prey	baritone
voice type	Pierre Gaveaux (9 October 1761 -- 5 February 1825) was a French operatic tenor and composer, notable for creating the role of Jason in Cherubini's Médée and for composing Leonore ou l'amour conjugal, the first operatic version of the story that later found fame as Fidelio.	Pierre Gaveaux	tenor
voice type	Stuart Howe (July 19, 1967) is an operatic tenor who has become particularly noted for his interpretation of the heroic roles of Rossini and Donizetti.	Stuart Howe	tenor
voice type	Anna Kasyan (Armenian: Աննա Կասյան) is a Georgian-born Armenian opera singer (soprano) living in France.	Anna Kasyan	soprano
voice type	Marietta Marcolini (born c. 1780 -- date of death unknown) was an Italian operatic contralto.	Marietta Marcolini	contralto
voice type	Nikos Gounaris (Greek: Νίκος Γούναρης; 1915 -- 5 May 1965 in Athens) was a Greek tenor who was enormously popular as a ``pop'' singer in the 1950s.	Nikos Gounaris	tenor
voice type	Georgine von Milinkovič (July 7, 1913, Prague - February 26, 1986, Munich) was a Croatian operatic mezzo-soprano of Czech birth, particularly associated with Wagner and Strauss roles.	Georgine von Milinkovič	mezzo-soprano
voice type	A singer (mezzo-soprano) and composer herself, Elsa Respighi created ballets out of Respighi's Ancient Airs and Dances suites and completed his final opera Lucrezia in 1937.	Elsa Respighi	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Petre Munteanu (26 November 1916 - 18 July 1988) was a Romanian operatic tenor particularly associated with Mozart and lighter Italian roles.	Petre Munteanu	tenor
voice type	Clémentine Delauney (born 11 February 1987) is a French soprano singer from Lyon.	Clémentine Delauney	soprano
voice type	Andreas Dippel (30 November 1866 -- 12 May 1932) was a German-born operatic tenor and impresario who from 1908 to 1910 was the joint manager (with Giulio Gatti-Casazza) of the New York Metropolitan Opera.	Andreas Dippel	tenor
voice type	Delores Ziegler (born 4 September 1951) is an American mezzo-soprano who has had an active international performance career since the late 1970s.	Delores Ziegler	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Giovanni Paroli (1856, Brescia - 1920, Brescia) was an Italian operatic tenor who had an active international performance career for four decades.	Giovanni Paroli	tenor
voice type	James Oldfield (born in October 1981 in Ipswich, UK) is an English bass-baritone.	James Oldfield	bass
voice type	Margarete Teschemacher (3 March 1903 -- 19 May 1959) was a German operatic soprano, particularly associated with the German repertory, although she sang a wide range of roles.	Margarete Teschemacher	soprano
voice type	Radmila Bakočević (Serbian Cyrillic: Радмила Бакочевић, pronounced (rǎdmila bakɔ̌ːtʃɛʋitɕ); born January 5, 1933), is a Serbian operatic soprano who had a major international opera career that began in 1955 and ended upon her retirement from the stage in 1982.	Radmila Bakočević	soprano
voice type	Niels Jacob Hansen (1880--1969) was a Danish tenor, mostly famous for his roles in opera.	Niels Jacob Hansen	tenor
voice type	Arthur Fear (1902--1984) was a Welsh bass and baritone opera singer.	Arthur Fear	bass	baritone
voice type	Gary Lehman is an American operatic tenor, specialising in the Heldentenor repertoire.	Gary Lehman	tenor
voice type	Laura Macrì (born 29 June 1990 in Caltanissetta, Sicily, Italy) is a Sicilian-Italian soprano singer.	Laura Macrì	soprano
voice type	Lubomír Havlák (27 December 1921 -- 28 September 2014) was a Czech dramatic tenor born at Fryčovice near Ostrava (former Czechoslovakia).	Lubomír Havlák	tenor
voice type	Christian du Plessis (born 2 July 1944) is a South African baritone, largely based in England, and particularly associated with the bel canto repertory.	Christian du Plessis	baritone
voice type	Roberta Alexander (born 3 March 1949, in Lynchburg, Virginia) is an American operatic soprano.	Roberta Alexander	soprano
voice type	Giuseppe Filianoti (born 11 January 1974) is an Italian lyric tenor from Reggio Calabria.	Giuseppe Filianoti	tenor
voice type	John Ken Nuzzo (ジョン・健・ヌッツォ, born 5 May 1966 in Tokyo) is a Japanese-Italian tenor.	John Ken Nuzzo	tenor
voice type	Naděžda Kniplová (née Pokorná) (born 18 April 1932) is a Czech operatic soprano who had an active international career from the 1950s through the 1980s.	Naděžda Kniplová	soprano
voice type	Roberta Peters (born May 4, 1930) is an American coloratura soprano.	Roberta Peters	soprano
voice type	Aino Ackté (originally Achte; 23 April 1876 -- 8 August 1944) was a Finnish soprano.	Aino Ackté	soprano
voice type	Korliss Uecker is an American vocalist (soprano) from Hettinger, North Dakota.	Korliss Uecker	soprano
voice type	Gerd Türk is a German classical tenor.	Gerd Türk	tenor
voice type	Anna de Belocca (née de Bellokh) (4 January 1854 -- unknown ), was a Russian-born operatic contralto.	Anna de Belocca	contralto
voice type	Ján Koehler (died 28 June 1895) was a Polish operatic baritone.	Ján Koehler	baritone
voice type	Hilary Summers is a Welsh dramatic contralto.	Hilary Summers	contralto
voice type	Jennifer Vyvyan (13 March 1925 -- 5 April 1974) was a British classical soprano who had an active international career in operas, concerts, and recitals from 1948 up until her death in 1974.	Jennifer Vyvyan	soprano
voice type	Elisabetta Manfredini-Guarmani (2 June 1780 -- after 1828) was an Italian opera singer best known for having created the leading soprano roles in four of Rossini's operas, roles which he wrote specifically for her voice.	Elisabetta Manfredini-Guarmani	soprano
voice type	Maria Reining (August 7, 1903 in Vienna -- March 11, 1991 in Deggendorf) was an Austrian soprano and Kammersänger.	Maria Reining	soprano
voice type	Heinrich Sontheim (1820--1912), also known as Honas Bär Sontheimer, was a prominent late-19th-Century tenor and kammersänger (chamber singer) based in Stuttgart, Germany.	Heinrich Sontheim	tenor
voice type	Pierre Jélyotte (13 April 1713 -- 11 September 1797) was a French operatic tenor, particularly associated with works by Rameau, Lully, Campra, Mondonville and Destouches.	Pierre Jélyotte	tenor
voice type	Vyacheslav Polozov (born January 1, 1950) is an operatic spinto tenor from the former Ukrainian SSR.	Vyacheslav Polozov	tenor
voice type	Anne Sofie von Otter (born 9 May 1955) is a Swedish mezzo-soprano whose repertoire encompasses lieder, operas, oratorios and also rock and pop songs.	Anne Sofie von Otter	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Vincent Niclo (born in Paris on 6 January 1975) is a French light pop tenor singer.	Vincent Niclo	tenor
voice type	Dino Borgioli (February 15, 1891 -- September 12, 1960) was an Italian lyric tenor.	Dino Borgioli	tenor
voice type	Salvador Novoa (born in Mexico City, Mexico, on October 30, 1937) is a Mexican dramatic tenor.	Salvador Novoa	tenor
voice type	Aloys Pennarini, also spelled Alois Pennarini, (born Aloys Federler; June 21, 1870 in Vienna, Austria-Hungary -- June 23, 1927 in Liberec, Czechoslovakia), was an opera singer (tenor), opera director and film actor.	Aloys Pennarini	tenor
voice type	John Gostling (1644--1733) was a 17th-century Church of England clergyman and bass singer famed for his range and power.	John Gostling	bass
